Sparta: It's different! The class on Laconia always generates such amazing discussions among students & leaves me smiling huge.
EVERYBODY SHOULD LURVE ME! :-D
how you be's?? just read your blog...trying to catch up on life today!:)
what it do mane?
you suck! now i have no motivation lol nah ill prolly make a copy too when i go get my food from Niki
“: Finished day one of #p90x” Long and hard road, but so worth it.
Not bad for a city that is supposedly boy cotting us.
We're working with What a Pair (whatapair.org) to fight breast cancer. They donate to the John Wayne Cancer center--be bad, do good!
hello twitter world -- please go outside today :-)
On a scale of 1-10..... A normal persons stress level : 3 or 4. My stress level : 10 x 10 + 45.
Washer and dryer in the dungeon better be ready.
"I''d love to get back in the gang!" -ID
Okay, people get mad at different things. So When I get mad, don't say I'm over reacting or that it's stupid.
Ppl rlly to to have a dictionary thrwn at thur faces. Please stop typing like that.. Please?
Its definitely easier to blame my problems on someone else then myself haha
A fire retardant was found in soda.. I must be flame resistant then...
I'm loving his intensity.
"What's not to love?" By Jonathan Ames
some if these people annoying as fuck.
Just started a Run. 46 °F, 0mph N, 98%
And the hell is up with his hair? He got the long ass slick back.
Doc checking in here, gonna be a good show tonight! Have lots of fun stuff and not talking about JUST Casey Anthony. So tune in!
I nicknamed my dog, "Jasmine Bin Laden". #ThatsWhenYouKnow she's a terrorist....
#WhenAustin doesn't miss one austream, sick, with friends, or out of town.. he's always doing them <33 [From ]
yeah definitely!
its crazy how twitter is addictive right ?
Listening to Mj.. For all time.. I Love Michael's Voice.. I miss him :(
#2011icf Tools u can use to think like Leonardo: mind mapping- generate first, then organize!!
im so slick
HERE, HERE
Do you think you could help me. Thank you so much! Singing is my life :)
same, do you like school?
Well, it's mom's fault. She threw the wrapper to the catnip in there and I am supposed to leave it alone!? I think not.
Notre Dame vs Pitt today.....who ya got?
Who else caught Big Freedia's show at Do Division last night? 100%. Out. Of. Control.
Today's tip: start your day on a positive note. List the things you are grateful for. It will improve your overall feeling of wellbeing.
Best way to follow the draft!
nice! Glad to have you on the green team
The Mongolian restaurant Hu Hot is now officially my fav restaurant 8)
Sullinger is getting locked down getting double passing out of double sketchy at best, and he is still trying to jack up shots....
#bfei2010 need passion about the business, not necessarily the product or service.
Just watched _The Virgin Suicides_, just an amazing look into the life of girls in America and deconstruction of The 70's...
we have a camera that turned up..have you lost yours?
Your source for temporary housing
Catching up on #TheBachelor ... Such a guilty pleasure.
really? I don't believe that! :D There must be someone close to you! We're never alone - there's always a friend for you!
Wheels up to Boston!
ist week in Beirut (got to discover the city) & 2nd week in Malta or Sicily or Sardinia or Corsica or Cyprus...
fantastic! Have fun! :-)
lets play "worst part of blacking out" go!
right!? All these different fee structures, math, guestimating, comparing apples and oranges... ugh!
I just sent you an email at the gmail account you have posted on your linkedin
Impressed by the amount & size of hills in mid-east KS. My stereotype has been crushed.
Almost forgot Happy Birthday ;)
free wall posters
Lord protect me from my friends, I can take care of my enemies..!
ah, yup that will do it on that two lane highway. As much traffice that travels that road, it needs to be widened
The manager administers; the leader innovates. -Warren Bennis
Amazing! Good luck, and have an amazing time in the tent with Dr. John today Warren!!
Hey! Yeah Poynter is great, how's France? When are you back in town?
Same game ad in mw2, same guns just new maps
Goldman names Schiro, a former insurance exec, as lead director of its board & head of the corporate governance. & nominating committee.
I friggin love RIHANNA
About to get my #theymightbegiants and #goldmotel on.
Hmm. Time for a new twitcon?.
McDreamy > oh my god he is so sexy.
Thanks for coming to the training last night ! Great picture!
I'm busy all this week but free any day next week except Wednesday!
Don't listen to what people say they don't know about, bout you n me put it out your mind cuz it's jealousy... love this song
Why do people sing and rap in the hallway?!
Wow that sounds like so much fun, To bad I am not in Houston. Visited once thought and loved it.
Had an amazing first day at my internship!!! Loved every second of it!!!
Lol cool , get on national tv with them glasses on !
lol, no baked chicken from wal-mart :)
I had a lot of kids who couldn't go b/c they had to babysit sibs while mom went out. Grrr...
Comatose sleep is the best kind of sleep.
Whose going to edgefest? More importantly whose gonna be in the pit with me?!?
Taking two tests right now from the training I have been involved with over the past 3 weeks. I need an 85% on both to be certified.
Happy Birthday to a great leader // I hope you have an amazing day!
Right on. It was a pretty useful little site.
I weep at movies, I get so pulled into the stories
So thankful for skype, got to see Edwin, David, and Peter #thanks And had a great talk about #falseteaching with
Many THX to everyone who came by today for our Dog Days event. SPECIAL THANK YOU to our 9 new members! Next event - Halloween puppy parade.
they don't have Nandos here in America :(
My bad.... (._. ) RT : PUSS ASS NIGGA MIND YA BUSINESS
Honestly, there's some things I do and SHOULD feel bad for doing...but I don't.
bbq Chicken battleship tonight.
Talking about PIT-PHI.
I just left 80 degree weather for this?!?! Oh how I miss New Orleans already.
We support Stephen Colbert for President
Why is everyone just speaking krio on twitter tonight? LOL
has a new book out - thought of you when I saw his interview the other day!
great rehearsal. Great to see you on twitter.
#bcs Yooooo Alabama Roll Tide Roll!!! Let's Get It!!!
off to another night of filming... we may need an intern to help.
RT : We have come to the agreement "Wake Up" - Best Hip Hop Album since like 05... No bias (other than MMXI, ur rite)
and I have it on our calendars!
#SaySomethin IS SO AMAZING. I CAN'T. I'M DEAD. I LOVE YOU.
Coffee and ... getting my morning started right.
Chiz & the Stache are going to plant a boot in Dabo's a** - we won't be the timid underclassmen on September 1st in the Dome.
Well well, here we go again
"And introducing... Leroy Neiman's moustache, as itself."
every hour is happy hour somewhere in the world.
Rangers Goal… Bring it on! New York vs New Jersey- Eastern Conference Finals!! Lets GO Devils!
People do some weird things or rather post weird pics on twitter and instagram.
very happy about #Obama's announcement. Very happy :)
: I need external validating relevancy sometimes. Might help.
I just subscribed! Keep up the good work :)
What . The . Shitters .
Is there a way to access the Summer Picnic surprise after you already beat it?
First Things First - Spiritual Economics-Financial Peace and Prosperity in Uncertain Times. See you Sunday.
I know!
sorry I'm late ....thank you dear
Had a dream last night that involved the most horrifying insect & now can't stop thinking it really exists.
It's a warm one today! Don't forget to drink plenty of water and wear sunscreen!! What will you be doing to beat the heat this week?
Computers are not intelligent.They only think they are.
I always get my hopes up too early..
thank you so much for all the info buddy :) hope one day, we can attend Zendaya's first ever concert here in Cali woot woo!!!
So glad we won't have to take anymore notes in APUS.
“: wide awake. as always ):” on that note... Good night
" Some people come into our lives, Leave footprints in our hearts, And we are never ever the same."
Yes pretty please<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Are you fucking sure?
Very interesting talk by Seth P on game level for solving problems. He thinks it can save global warming
thanks! Great to be part of that group. :)
Packed our $19.99 rack with all sorts of goodies. Juicy Couture, One Kid, Biscotti, Zutano brand. There's something for everyone!
#SuperArtFight troll face and a yellow card.
Who drank my apple juice!?
#GhettoGirlsMustHave Chongos , Hairties , ponytails...etc. You never know when you'r gonna needa put yo' weave up to fight a bitch.
you got it! adding that to my list :P
No one else knows how to hurt me like you do. I love you more than anything. It can't be healthy..</3
A vote for #RonPaul is a vote to fight for civil liberties, instead d complaining everyday about the Feds get up and do something!!
Hope your day has been going well.
John Mattock is smoking... as he heads out to a 33,000 sq ft commercial site. HVAC caught fire, smoked out the building. Go PDRR Man!
She half naked in all her pictures all over the internet
An almost eerily bright rainbow just sprung up out my window. I haven't seen one that beautiful in years.
Hear that. RT : full of dinner + comfy chair, 1. motivation, 0.
Lincoln Center Encore Kisses!
I support this motion so long as i'm not the dancer ;)
hey just want you to know that I love you! :) haha
where at
No deer this morning. Hopefully our luck changes for the evening hunt
that's some manly music
Remember when there was a battle for the soul of the Republican party and it turned out there wasn't one.
Ha! Not anymore…
I'm good (: whatcha doing?
that was awful! Poor guy!
thanks for coming.
you should of came to ohio you could of trick or treated in my neighborhood (: theres always a next year !(:
#indesign #adobe they really need to improve tables and table styles in InDesign... barely usable, frustrating, inconsistent.
Quit Tweeting!!!
Some days you feel like Diddy, Snoop, or 50 Cent. Other days...more like Lonely Island
kill them with kindness.
im in pretty decent shape, i have a full head of hair, i know people, i work hard, love family, and am on my way to be rich.
My wife Just Claimed Andre 3000 & Adrian Brode as the new rat pack,but I didn't hear her..I was buying a Gilette razor
RT : I'm sorry to all of the Packers fans. Unacceptable. We let you guys down today.
Slow down and drive safe today.
thanks Jules you too! See you there!!!
My pleasure. I think about these kinds of things a lot.I agree about getting to know one another. Looks like we've started.
311 - Beautiful Disaster
#ff thanks for a great week
Memories, they're fading..
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS
so you taking me to game 1 of the Eastern Conference finals?
same-sies! RT : "i wish it was last weekend so i could spend the entire weekend with you again come back #YOLO"
All I do is sit back and laugh I'm not going to waist my breath on a worthless ass mf.
One thing I have to say to my fellow writers-at least you aren't #StephanieMeyer. There is hope for #literature yet!
So..tired..can't type..falling asleep..Goodnight twitter!
NEXT TIME YOU SEE ASPEN GREEN TELL HER I SAID HI!!!!! Hahahaha
I can never hold myself back.
Ralph Waldo EmersonWhen a fellow says it hain't the money but the principle o' the thing, it's th' money
No jobs “: Move to WI... RT : And we're still bankrupt: IL income taxes jump nearly 32%, second-highest in nation"
Let your readers know that will also engage this conversation tomorrow on behalf of positive youth leaders!
Everybody should go follow because he is awesome!! He is a #guymahomie and #guybelieber! 4
Now and then I think of all the times you screwed me over...
Hi ! Interested in joining us this Sunday 5/13 to serve up something sweet during our Mother's Day festivities?
do all-girls schools have boys bathrooms?
RT : Welcome to our special guest today for #AECSM: Ron Worth, #SMPS National ()
New Jersey- Jersey Corn
random much?
"You've got a smile, that only heaven can make, I pray to God everyday, that you keep that smile..."
Not everyone who holds a camera, is a photographer!
Live at Blazers-Lakers coming up on at 6 pm. Blazers call this a statement game.
The Truth Gone Hurt You
2,000th tweet. Not that I'm counting...
So pumped for this video!
I want fish & chips!
#Rockies killer Freddie Freeman does it again with 3-run shot to right field off Nicasio.
because I've thought long and hard about it and it will take something intense to make it happen. So we have to discuss it
Thanks! Happy to hear it! Love the Lazer Frenzy!
We love it! So much.
About to head out for lunch but don't know what to get...
You gotta put yo guard down or else you can't get mad that you won't ever get that feeling again...
#word RT : Punt > interception!
Can I be your plus one?
And I'm not just speaking about Kevin Turner guys...
Chap lips = very painful
Looking at the beautiful people living the beautiful life in this beautiful world
Watching old Moses and Rameses!!
The theme of the party was 1920s. It reminded Meghan of prohibition. Correct? Almost done!!
Looking for something to do while the internet is dark? Come down to the store and buy some comics!
So two of my favorite people on the planet conversing? Is this what I've been missing while I was gone? xoxox
Probably bipolar o/c
Want to take this time to say "THANKS" to all those who have subscribed to the Cenantua's Blog FB page so far!
Happy Birthday Em!!
Whoever You Like Is Veryy Lucky!!!!!
we killed it last night... it went all the way down...
Delighted to hear that provides downloadable backups of your site so you don't have to run any resource-hog plugins.
Sorry guys, just got back from a meeting. I get #thatdelightfullist in digest (1/2)
i think you're right. After i sent the tweet, i realized my mistake. Thanks for following, though, and join #lxchat next monday.
love the reverse jinx
i'm jealous!!! Please tell me you're gonna post something about it on your blog later. :P
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
There's a Chinese version of Google. It's called Googre.
Thank you and for keeping me up till 2AM.....ha (:
Ugh. Practice in a little bit. /: <U+E410><U+E113><U+E113>
Is that D for disaster?
Today should be very interesting
You stand beside me even threw my dark days. I love you more than you'll ever know in this life time <3
what hurts?
#wiunion MT NONE judged for the clueless shit they did in HS. Clueless shit they say and do as ADULTS, however
is a pro at awkward situations #imslightlyjealous <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Lighting controls can make an unoccupied home look occupied and can light a path for entry into the home
Best tweet ever.
Word. RT : You know you studied good this week when mentions you on
One of the hardest things in life is figuring out the difference between friendship and love.
lmao...awww geez ma, why did u have to go and say that, lol
How many of you would love to be able to use a pendulum to get yes or no answers to all of your questions of any types? Pendulum Power!!!
Love is letting someone else eat your French fries and not making them give you anything in return. Romans as interpreted by youth.
Come on Yanks!
sounds like Forever My Lady video?
U know I'm an old lady so I put it together better lol.
that, my friend, is called a lapse of judgement! I'm entitled to at least 2/yr. At least I STILL got my GI Joe cuts happenin!
ok shout out to our 100th follower ! so everyone go and follow
lol scratch that . does anyone want anything in the morning ?
I need to meet him. Pronto.
best to send samples to
what are the congrats for? Congrats!!
Step 5: Share the Budget: Make budget range clear. Plan ahead w/ phased approach and percentages
tired but on the verge of greatness everyday. Im doing a lot of traveling and getting interviews with lots of musicians! U?
VW favors Mexico for Audi plant Volkswagen Group is leaning toward building a factory in Mexico for its premium Audi brand. The parent co
Didn't take long to encounter today's first Dumbass
www.kingoffitteds.com New Rochester Red Wings Fitteds in Custom Colors.....
I hear the same thing :-) Will I see you at #drupal4gov on May 18, too?
": Why can't the state of NC have 3 Nike teams? NC is one of the biggest hotbeds for talent" G Road, We All In!
NATE did you ever try the guava candy I brought for you guys(from another friend) in Pittsburgh last November?
Tryin to get comfortable in this little ass chair- not workin
Normal flirting: Hey cuite ;) ... Me: Hey, if you were a lemon, you would be a nice looking lemon. :)
Everything taste good with Nutella EVERYTHING O.O
The last time McGrady was relevant enough to be a TT we were still using MySpace.
ugh, darwin you're so gay.
its only a matter of time ! Can't wait !
move to wichita and you'll see it in the next 24 hours i'm sure!!
I never get political on Twitter. This is a sincere Q abt how ppl make decisions. What is it about Gingrich that voters are responding to?
working on my neighbors... and i'll try to stop by the campaign office on my way home today to see what i can do.
I see that!! lol I missed you Flash!!
nanny nanny boo boo stick your head in doo doo. that's what goes through my head every time I win and argument I love winning
oh nice! Live right?
hey are you at work right now? I might stop by.:)
Hey Everyone How Are Yall Doing?
Elise please do explain: WTF was a pillow gonna do, should called back up *shame*
RT Parents and their advice
Babies crying, people coughing. The old plane song & dance.
Tune in NOW to catch Friday's show with on .
no... How much ? And i feel so short...
Leave it to Seager “: Kyle Seager with his second homer of the night ties the game, 4-4”
does anyone know of an app for droid for accessing Novell GroupWise email?
Downloading right now. Best way to end this Monday night. :]
you are welcome! Hope you can try one of our tortas or salads soon! Have a great day :)
great activation
Good night <3333333333 :)
& that was another edition of.......... HARRY STYLES: HAIR APPRECIATION(;
aw shucks Con you're so sweet.
thanks for the follow...looking forward to learning more about BiaoSkincare!
Good night all! Please keep following and tell your friends to follow as well! You will hear a lot a bout us soon!
"hated Christmas! The whole Christmas season! Now, please don't ask why"
#PantherFest #Uwm www.bitchimfrom.com get the sweater was rocking on stage 2night
Hey, it's healthier not to keep track. But I bet you'll remember 40 ;)
Our Daily Deals are now LIVE! Visit our website daily to receive up to 80% off 5 random items. Products will change daily at 12:01am CST.
Four bridges from the dock
I have a allot to do going to attack my list . Got to push through lol I have motivation zero
I have found my favorite online word game ever. This is not unambiguously good.
Starting a 5-10 NL. Come play. Call (702) 770-7654 to add your name to the list.
Looking forward to this 3-12 shift
Best way to get over someone, is to STOP trying. Let the feelings leave when theyre ready.
It's digital image database time. Not as catchy a tune as peanut butter jelly time, alas.
My essay on Jeanette Winterson's career & "Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?"
save u from wat????
Have a Safe Halloween!
yeah they are, theyre open all year round?
says If you know you have given your very best, then the very best will surely come."
I did just that. Thank you! We had a great time :)
SYMMETRY then PRO TOOLS 10
thank you! She was fun and inspiring to create =)
that's fantabulous, she has her panties in a bind.
No problem. I like the look. It's very soft (on skin tones) and spreads the light around nicely. Good luck!
So...my brother has been in town since Friday...wish he'd fucking leave already! I would have preferred to have my nuts cut off than c him
RT : I'm pretty sure I just saw a hobbit fall out of 's beard. // just building my legacy.
Prom was a blast but let's be honest, I'm ready to get the after party going. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
I don't know how true that is. Does it have to become "safe"? Will "safer" be acceptable?
Nothin' but Sunshine & Santa... Anas! Here in America's Finest City it's all about Hi Wind Advisories 2day thru Sat. Temps Mid 60's. Merry!
What a beautifu blue the sky is today!
10 sounds LAZY...
I just realized what this tweet said! I'm sorry about that, but you're right there are better things out there.
There is one place no one but you can look. That is what you truly are. That is you. I recommend looking there!
So very sorry to hear this sir...... but I understand. Thank you for your service.
Wall Street demonstrators can become a presidential political force against the Dem-Repubs, or they can be co-opted by one of those doofuses
I love it that's hot u look beautiful
haha no it wasnt about you :P
Dallas did there thing tonight now let's finish this thing out
That's funny cause I'm washing dishes!
I don't know your situation and it's none of my business anyway, but it's best to live by yourself.
Just booked a trip to NJ for the weekend. I love surprise last minute trips!
I tweeted you but without mentioning your account, just the "Mo" part lol
is celebrating Black History Month. Look for our weekly meal specials, starting on Monday Feb.6
you better!:)
... & u won't hve those unsightly razor bumps nor the grow-back itch. It's also time to get those raggedy ends trimmed & a deep conditioner.
Why are people riding their bikes in the snow?
you got it man! And thank YOU for checking us out!
I HATE that your tweets are limited ugh...........GOODNIGHT or GOODDAY wherever you hope your haveing a good time
Making Pumpkin Pie's
Hope the Bulls and lil' John can get that win tonight
Call it "The Players Curse". LOL
when you accidentally use the term girlaaaa in LA. that's awkward.
What the hail?
spoiler alert: Dumbledore dies in the sixth book.
Got an RMA tattoo today.
Get out! RT So Nora is doing double duty in Llanview and LA.
lol well now he know
way to ruin my imagination <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
RT : The 3 Es of #content: Entertaining, Educational, Economic
oh but you can, and I did.
Still morning here, so good morning!
Some of the BEST yng actors in the world to
I knew you would
Attending Global Sales Mtg to get the latest in #elearning and #talent management
Gen.2:18 Man needs a wife. Every benefit is more appreciated more fully if it arrives after its need is felt
That lone white dude on TNT halftime report....is kind of a legend
... It's cool, u can just be on punishment for a while
RT : we ll see you then Pork tongue tacos is what's in order for tues
There are certain evenings that I have official obligations so I am not as free w/ my time. Sunday is the killer though...
Good morning, Anita! How are you doing today?
no you have the official business card, I did however write on his fan Facebook page :)
balling tomorrow?
wait...if I google it and find out it was 3 does it sill count? Sarazen, Maggert, Devlin. :)
me too i seem to wake up feeling way better then i did before i took it
I am so sorry. : you should have come out.
IUPUI faculty: don't forget- grades are due tonight at 8 p.m. EST! Contact us if you have questions: 274-1300.
summer must be coming... all I wanna eat is BBQ
How does it feel not knowing if you'll ever be able to stand without pain again?
We all need to grow. I'd like to learn from the President about how to keep humor & remain unflappable in the face of lunacy or obstruction
- I have to have lunch with the honorary board today, and give a presentation about what I do. Do you still love my job?
Space Cowboy. Astro Dude. Star Polk.
RT": I woke at 7 something like i had school -.-"
I've been waiting at #bankofamerica for 45 minutes just trying to get a new debit card.
The SAT Essay Doesn&#39;t Gauge Student Writing Ability
:A 15 year old girl who is terminal w/ cancer has made a bucket list.One of her wishes is to trend on Twitter.
Mr. C....pipe down over there! haha
STFU at this Martin episode where Gina's head is stuck in the head board. LMFAO!
You want world peace? Replace Oxygen with Helium. Now tell me, who could stay mad at someone that sounds like a Chipmunk, right?
I don't think I've watched idol more than once this season. I've watched 2 or 3 of Jessica's performances and she's really great.
This has been the longest week. Just want it to be Friday
When someone you were once very close to now becomes someone you barely if not at all talk to<<<
#ITHANKGOD for not having to worry about where my next meal will come from or where I will sleep tonight... GOODNIGHT EVERYONE!
thank you for the #follow!
oh be quiet lol
10yrs to day of Practice rant and w/AI prematurely out of NBA it's more obvious than ever: There's more to being pro athlete than just games
thanked for following :)
What a turn. Goodwin's very speedy toes land out of bounds on long pass play from end zone. Now, Cal's got it in great field position.
whys that? one of my faves. Then again, outside of the Stadium, my fave is upper deck dodger stadium for grilled dodger dogs
Gym time
I love seeing grown adults boogieing down like everyone is 16 again! Winter Dance Party
don't be. If they let girls play for the Knicks u would bring them a ring home. SHEEEENNNNNNNAAAA for 33333333!! Swish.
Can Monday come any sooner?
Out of towners who want to come to Emilio at the end of the month, we've got places for you to stay here in Portland... :)
PickUpLine: Do you know what'd look good on you? Me.
Brenna says: But what about my knee??
Absolutely! I will DM you.
Some guys r just down rite ADORABLE<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><U+263A><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
oh is that the secret?
Thanks for entering our #KeyToBlackKeys Giveaway! So, what'd you have to eat ???
#ThingsIReallyCantStand Attention Whores.
RT Ichiro= cheap hit per Tom Grieve<<that what he do.
Why does this ALWAYS happen?
Noticed some problems during halftime. It should be back up and running now.
Mission accomplished! :)
311 Day Night one coming within the hour :)
Great meeting today with from discussing admission into
You stole this cheesecake that is wrong!
o lol we start thursday=/
I never did get that damn jar open. I hate how it mocks me.
I will never visit if you have a cat
Every time U suppress some part of yourself or allow others to play U small, U are ignoring the owner's manual your creator gave u. -Oprah
how do you feel about flava flav? :)
used to be a trainer there, thanx!
Don't know where we are headed, but I'm happy to follow where He leads
Congrats on the win last night!
I will. Nothing too exciting yet though
I'm going to kill my coworkers. Ignorance is not bliss. Its annoying.
Which came first? The time or the tardis?
yup.another thing to add to the list of things we love about them!
Things are FINALLY starting to look up.
then i hate to admit how much fun i'm having lol
For The Children.
YES OMG GRAB IT FOR ME and I"ll call you back in just a few!
so you look too huh?
Group Hits 'Antibusiness Feeling' in India
Great big shout out to the associates at randforce from #thatcamp columbus
Girl Scout alumnae are 14% more likely to vote than non-alumnae.
you are as excited as I am!
oh haha I'm not going to mine either!
What genre would you label us as?
Check out Dream Girl-Tay ft Teezy and H.Q. on YouTube also add him on Facebook Taby Tay Scott and follow him on Twitter
The #Hawks couldn't hit the wooden floor if they fell off the freakin bench.
Also, every store under construction makes a not-so-subtle joke about "getting work done" on its sign.
also someone bought the movie rights to it already. talk about one x-rated movie!
make my life. Might unfollow every1else unless they fill my TL with balls and office ladies. Freak show>everything else.
ah, you won't get unlimited then
Wonderful new album "Oltreoceano" by bassist Andrea Veneziani features some wonderful piano work by Kenny Werner.
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay Pushing yourself to work out is alot harder than i realized
Maybe if I was a girl who wore barely any clothes, and posted body shots by the pool then my instagram would get thousands of followers? :)
#PGA Parking Lot A was rented from the megachurch.
meanwhile watch some TV?
I've gotta to wash my hair but today I will close my eyes because I had sprits in my hair !! YIKES
I love going to the Pacific Science Center. I always have so much fun there, and learn so much every time I go! :)
Milk & cereal w/ babe, we're nocturnal.
That annoying moment when you're talking then interrupted & can't remember what you were talking about.
thank you for following! Happy Friday!
I seriously hate getting ditched.
let me guess. It was Kashmir! You go sell out Jimmy Page. Fuck that, the Godzilla sondtrack rocked!!
sick. look forward to it
Stupid h*es get <<<<<<that way
"little mountain rocky.."
Lol>>A dick has a sad life: His hair is a mess, his family is nuts,his neighbor's an asshole,his bestfriend's a pussy & his owner beats him.
Checked in your county of any older folks who need to get registered & need a ride? Setup #VOTE B mail
2011 Come to Alliance session on Connecting Communities at 9:45 in 102AB!
Practice only makes perfect if it is based on accurate feedback.
Feeling the love from Hollywood! FF back to , the keepers of the good weather.
WWW.FABRICSNTHINGS.COM
lol ima make u one , u gone melt
cmon pack it up. lets go!
Whales are way better than Goldfish.
Damn my dog just hit TF outta his head on this coffee table
Life is so precious...
I just love the nessler blackledge combo
im mader then a blind man at a silent movie
do you have an e-mail I can reach out to about your affiliate program? I can't find one on your site! Thanks :)
lmfao u know it;)
Are twitter are twitter shit is official
“: Magic Johnson! Man, if you can just take away that HIV, this guy has had an awesome career.” dudes the MVP of HIV
Hey Lou follow me :)
Ball game! #Brewers thump the Cubs 8-2! Brewers lead the season series 5-1!
He who has learned how to obey will know how to command
Nikon user myself and I was repulsed by that status. Got to love marketing.
“: “: #Aquarius has a stimulating but frictional relationship with: #Cancer, #Virgo””
ill have to check. I want too! But I may have to switch shifts cause of our choir concert and I may be going to that dinner.
1 MORE PERSON FOLLOW !! SHE FOLLOWS BACK
Alcohol And Health Insurance Don't Always Mix - NPR (blog)
": Another nice comeback win for the #Orioles." Mr Reimold>CLUTCH!
THIS IS SO SAD. STOP IT!
Power naps...<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
we won't have free time to be eating corn dogs at night
I see they pullin out out the stops today in the dunk contest
Newt FTW!
long beach sweet 16...remember that tweet
I appreciate that :-)
Really excited to see at rainfest. Beyond pumped.
new particle cannot be detected directly too unstable to be registered by detector BUT the detector measures with great accuracy ---huh?
nobody wanna ball.
CAMS!!! Slap that ask and were off to da moon!!!
lol i like how half my timeline is "JKFDSAKJFDA 1D YAY" and then there's this other half that's like"WTF 1D JUST NO"
Check out SPLreports.com for tonight's LIVE 6p broadcast.
Dev's team just moved up to 21 and is gonna take Chandler Jones.
How does any school veto a Bill that further protects kids against bullying and harassment?
the girl that asked you to sign that is VERY brave haha wow.
Writing is going well. We're working on a few prospects :-)
Judge Melisa Skinner says prosecutors can play the video as long as they don't ask mom to recount the same thing. Getting cumulative.
No Rondo and the Celts still win and now Josh Smith might miss some time. Philly stuns the Bulls and Toronto walks off the Rangers-wp
Lol at Madonna. She thinks she's 16 that she could do all of that and make it look good. Madonna is 53.
We still good in my book though
thanks! How's your weekend going?
small business opportunities
Time for me to get bck on the field.... I like cgeering for the opposing team its always so entertaining ;p
So save that knight in shining arthur bull shit for those soft ass broads. I didn't even come at you like that
I just booked The Lowe's job and shoot this week!!!!!
This is why this is the greatest sport in the world folks!
#youcandobetter if u have a boyfriend wit no hairline and you put me to the side
A rare night out for onbrad so we're partyin for !! was kind enough to show too. Leggoooo
Working my first wedding today! I'm so excited that I don't even care that it'll be a 14 hr shift!
Lowkeyy I know that just irritated her...
frankieeee gimme a shout out bruh, NEED MORE FOLLOWERS!!!;)
Apology accepted.
Halloween Tomorrow ! So Excited :D <3
follow back? :)
On my way to Ohio! Can't wait!!!
Carmelo is clutch.
happy valentines day austin!! How was the consert, I'm sorry I wasn't able to watch!! My mom said no cuz I went to teen hoot!
Made my flight. On to Denver for 4 days with my mentor, 25k a month adsense earner, & CEO of snap in media, Cary Bergeron!
Just fell back down to Earth....
Tori Hunter mouthing "wow" after Ibanez's HR is amazing.
I haven't seen Desperate Housewives in years. Me: "That person's old!... And she's old!... Old!"
It feels so good to be with my second family!
We're looking for the next great staffers at the #roots12 job fair today. Come say hi!
#Aries don't want to compromise, or negotiate, or intellectualize; they want the sport of getting what they can't have.
about 5000 miles give or take. But then there's the season tickets I've had for 20 years
R.I.P Adam Yauch aka MCA if the Beastie Boys may you fight for your right to party forever!
I've been intrigued by the style of the garb, music, fiction, etc. What show?
I wish would follow me. I also wish for a plate of spaghetti. I wonder which one will happen first...
Out of town guests this weekend. Made tasty brunch but petered out before I made any pancakes. Smoothies, eggs, fruit salad--good enough.
Plus, launched his website recently. It's "big picture". Captures **everything** Jelani-related in 1 place. Savvy move
Thanks! What are you up to this morning/afternoon?
Ugh I can't sleep, HMU
Filed under Game Tester Job Openings by Doree on May 28th, 2011
RT : What does it mean that I google something and my blog post comes up at the top?<Means that you did a great job on that post!
Our video interviews are meant to inspire the community. What have you seen lately that inspired you?
#madmen prediction: yes, Pete Campbell will commit suicide...but he'll jump out the window, spin, and happen to land, comfy, in an armchair.
Holy hit All my Speakers in my car! THIS IS AMAZING!!! Its a miracle!
Imagine if NCAA had a "Rooney Rule". Wonder how EEO advocates will greet Petrino's hire, even if short term?
Ramos Gin Fizz anyone ?
Still waiting for the Ted Danson Mary Steenburgen sex tape.
A city I've never been >>>
nothing im okaai its okaai i guess.?|':
It's my lucky day! I just won a $50 gift card to Leonards.. I never win anything!
Wanna get some jamba tomorrow.. Who wants to come?
everybody wave!
Looking for the ideal furniture to stage a movie set? Our vast selection of rental furniture will give you the right style just for...
RT/ I like your music, just bought Cabin Fever on itunes.
If you have to scream, yell or nag you already lost your authority-youre a sinking ship
The Linc is a great stadium. I worked there 4 a bit. I wonder if your seats will block view of the MASSIVE video screen.
... Thanks for stopping by -- be sure to let me k ow when you come by again. I owe you at least A drink.
Turning nerdy pencil pushers into big weight pushers! #FF Have a great weekend!
it's fine. Haha
Wow. RT : in today's era ... Amazing. RT “: Verlander 50th straight start 6+ innings. Only others: Gibson,Carlton,Hunter
YAYA 31.5K FOLLOWERS!!!! Oh and by the way, HAPPY 13th ANNIVERSARY!!!!! May you always be happy & #godbless you both!
no rush!
yeah, now me and Niall aren't the same, he would never say, "I'm not hungry anymore". Lol. :) but we still love him. :)
I stay on my grind, fuck a day off.
what should I expect for free? (I know sometimes I have to click things in fb twice) thanks for the feedback my friend.
You have very large breasts. I mean, wow. They're magnificent.
Awake blah tired.
I'm about to like, collapse.. ugh.
don't party too hard...if I'm not there! ; )
Wow, was cleaning a fish tank and discovered one of the tetras was still doing well. Congrats little guy! You've earned new friends.
Who wants either a chocolate or a vanilla cupcake??
So very very not used to having to be out the door before 8am in grown-up clothers.
Its early still!.!
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a great weekend!
And if this were a regular race, he would have had it. His car was too good. I hate super speedways.
how much are the playoff 12s going to be
going to this class is so pointless cos I don't understand shit and literally just sit here and go on twitter
I just want
They used to double up on Sausage races.
Alliance of Illustrators just got a new member!
ready... PANIC.
I'll take that bet ?? What's up
So close, but yet so far. We are the same age isnt that crazy.
..do you know the plot? IT'S ABOUT A GIRL WHO WANTS 100 FUCK BUDDIES. WAT
Revise, revise, revise.
he's just alright :-)
Hey Brother (bias) lol, and Papertrails I love that shit
I am living in NYC now. I am actually going to grab lunch with Mimi some time this week! I moved here to do a show.
Now Google video chat needs to add-in multi-person video chats (like Skype has, like Google Hangout has)... That would be killer.
So sad I have to miss dinner at La Merenda with the girls tonight :( Being sick is stupid.
Is that in Charleston?
"How you not gonna cut girl I'm me."
on at 10: we talk to , the creator of a new online project to help find Lauren Spierer
my names Natasha. One of you please remember it. Troy forgets it. Alot.
Wow! Zynga will take that game over the top!!
Thanks for posting our #Hammerstep videos on your website Have you seen our videos yet?
I've got some nice brews from the west coast to share with you!
I think next Saturday or Sunday work for us, too.
lol if you could handle it then so can I buddie!
If you're not driving with your windows down today you are not normal
Actually, I'm not sure how many political grind bands are following my twitter these days
Were still waiting for the correct answer to yesterdays question...
RT : Cleveland: gig fiber in poor neighborhood has raised property values, created waiting list to move in
Big Z is still playing? I don't think you're going to get a title this year big fella. How long will he stay to get one?
well, i guess it's as a good a night as any to stay in and code some shit.
I will always love you!
I love eating squash even though it looks like baby food.
Catching up on #auddev chat. Lots of great tweets and ideas! your survey link did not work. Would love to check it out.
the baseball app will be available end of March. Continue with your drafts on the other sites but manage all from our site then
Work till 7 am damn i miss my bed
delaware treat nigga like a king.
*~cnt wait till the #1Girl Tour in Detroit comes it needs to come quick yo.... !!!!!!!!!~*
I'm almost home! <U+E415>
We did that...now we wait...*sings Jeopardy music*
where did you catch it? I assumed you saw the same "showing" I did, or a repeat later. Maybe hotel channel label was wrong.
SO excited for Beyonce and Jay-Z!! What a great way to cap off a great performance!!!
The sun never rises nor sets. It is only our observance that dawns upon the horizons, perceiving nature to be unnatural
“: REALLY craving a Pepsi Clear or an All Sport drink right now” heard!!!
ty, following you all!
I'm one of his million fans but just cant tolerate some people, like they could walk on that field and do better. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
hee hee awesome. Well I miss you. Wish you would come back!!
imma call back
i dont speak with people that don't believe me.
im finee o:
MY SISTER WON'T STOP FARTING OMG
Time for flower watering and an evening stroll
JUSTIN'S LIKE THE ONLY WHITE GUY THERE, CAN'T MISS HIM. SRRY CAPS :D
. see y'all in a little bit at the salsa reception for #ntc!
just joking BELIEBER FOR EVER shhh...
This is awesome. MT :Once told undrafted FA we would sign him for $1k. Said he didn't have it but could get it. Said no, we pay it
#YOLO = You Only Lariat Once. Any other meaning is meaningless.
My brain knows that #NRAShow tweets by all you lucky Chicagoans aren't about rifles, but hasn't stopped me from being confused every time :)
Good lol Just let me know when! :))
Wait, there is a DIFFERENT Twitter account for television articles??
We get the feeling you're not the only one. Especially in this city.
Just passed my dissertation defense! I'm now Dr. Sexton!
I miss my gf. But she moves here in 9 days!!
Q2 Show outcomes of previous surveys, explain clearly why you need feedback
Note to self: Don't fuck with Bo Ryan. MT The #Badgers have now blocked the entire ACC from Jarrod Uthoff's transfer list.
around the world! Great to see WW1 progress there--big ideas cooking around here too!
So laying down with khloee and all she is doing is hitting my face. How nice
thanks boo!
Most couples have a song, but me and my girlfriend have a band. Thank you so much for being so amazing and we love you! :)
what promo that would be for her! but you are probably right she will not!
I'm good...still @ work, dreaming of my condo, TV, my Keurig, and my smoke that's waiting for me lol! And you? You in Miami?
every time i see you get hate i cry a little because you are honestly the loveliest person ever, and liam is so lucky xx <3
Time will tell..
It's been a long day with the weather. Time for some sleep and Tower fun tomorrow.
hey brah invite me
Check it out - top influencers
GET IT!
The official music videos for "STAY THE NIGHT" &"HUNG UP" from 's Soul Food Mix tape coming soon!
The ABC&#39;s of Penn&#39;s ABCS classes
Okay, all of Anthony Davis' teammates have to be a little afraid of getting bitten during their embrace, right?
Ate a few seedless grapes on stage while watching the ballet (in character). Total cure for dry mouth.
Got a case of from for my birthday. Thanks Chief! WOOT!
Watching Glee
Death by duty-free diesel - AsiaOne
Fed. Anti-Drug plan has Feds encouraging Cannabis-user DUI bills like the new one in CO, VOTE for local pols who support mmj!
Yea Justin is wonderful. But nobody would wanna be 1Derful lol
sorry for late reply, computer wuz on ring ding, my next race is in warsaw for cmwc!
So I guess it's more like one week till mw12 and I'm excited/terrified. Probably should have gotten a hotel but it's only a 30 min drive...
I am RT Lol NOBODY is checking for Men in Black 3...nobody
Yay for women in NYTBR whose opintions I so enjoy reading/hearing! MT joining us as our newest editor. Huzzah!
do you want the radio edit/street version/instrumental/acapella what's your mp3 email address.
20% off takeout at Eat'n Park on Sunday! We'll cook so you can cheer the Steelers to victory! Print coupon: bit.ly/i2KG43
where are you guys going? I think I'm going to their house tomorrow btw.
I See People Posting About Prom Already... Its Amazing How Fast This School Yr Has Passed... When I Was In School Yrs Felt Like Centuries...
The only real valuable thing is intuition. Albert Einstein
i'm back from and i possibly getting pho without you.
I am the mystery, you will never solve.
Probably because I'm graceful just like a gazelle.
not pointing any fingers, but if you hate american fans, then don't talk to us.
- ;-)) I think you're onto something...
Watched this movie called #Bunnyman last night. It was stupid, kinda funny, slightly predictable, and gruesome. I recommend watching it. :)
eat up!
i wanna learn a thing or two. i just choke or slam ppl when the time comes lol
True Success and Happiness is simply living with unrestrained PASSION...
to bad no body cares to give you one (:
The torture of clay court tennis. Now in bright blue.
Do what the fuck makes you happy! Because at the end, who's there? YOU.
btw - will I be seein' you around the stadium this season...? feels like forever! :) see you soon!!
I think not, baby puppy.
I wish austin would go somewhere other then NY:/ There is so many fans that want to see him from other states:/ Im mean im happy for them..
John Ivison: Air Force stands by its F-35 choice
from 6 to 9 im free
Aw Luz!!! :') You're so fricken awesome!! :) You're so funny and cool!! :)
Conn. native killed in Afghanistan, honor planned
Ditto! I too would LOVE to meet listen to him speak to importance of #play & #recess in education! #playoutdoors =)
Lovely lunch with on a rainy day. Perfect way to lift the spirits!
Hope everyone had an AMAZING time at the show tonight! Honor Society KILLED it! Best show yet!
lol how the crew doin? Tell em I said Wat up mama
Ok so Omegle is such an awesome website.
It's too late we've reached the climax.
Who cares. He got to have his first big league hit called by Vin Scully.
Taylor's house tonight :)
you've been replaced
New vendor! WildCard of Lawrenceville will be bringing kitschy tchotchkes, home decor, accessories to the vintage fair. Follow:
I might have a lead. I'll look into it & get back to you if it's still available.
Gurlll me too!
Boo! Call in sick! RT : The one year me and miss celebrating 420 ...because of work. BO!
corn chowder on a grey day! I agree
great picture of the girls...beautiful!!
Ova who fab . Come on ladies . Classy
GET OVER IT!!
Just woke up!! had so much fun but my hea is about to explode--
what's up we need you
I think I love you . /:
Why yes it is. Wait till you see the fan next week!
I know, right? This is definitely not part of the revenge plan.
it means you like!
Rant rant rant! I hate how Duke is always good?
your score is 21 over par (jrxg4)
-Love me,hate me..but you aint breakin me. But touch me nd its ON..
#sarcasm now trending. brought to you by everyone not marketing right now.
Ha! You got that right
Have a nice Valentine's Day everyone, and don't forget, less than a week away from the best holiday for us history buffs, President's Day!
i just did
Thx Michael, I just got a pink hoodie. So glad Nikki is doing well.
Hitting the gym extra hard tomorrow!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
Going to the BROWNS GAME!!!!
Awkward silence... "Oh, sorry I've never been called ma'm before" guest says to me.. Haha
Very cool!! Who doesn't need a KegDroid?!
drive safe
On our way to Brian head, Utah for new years and some skiing!
A BtoB magazine poll shows that 62% of marketers are either increasing or maintaining their event marketing budgets for 2012.
should be going on tour with and this spring..they would've made that tour 10x better
are you mocking me nigga??
Our Chillin' and Grillin' contest ends soon! Come in and fill out an entry form to win a grill and other great prizes!
Just got a new pinstripe suit
Loves when the sun is out and shinning!! Recharging the batteries and getting things done... with the top down!
Yes we would!
Good Blessed Morning!
thanks my goal is 7 lbs in one week.
Welcome back :)
you better be able to watch it!!! U gotta watch with me! lol! :D
It's only Tuesday, that's a good enough reason for us to drink!!! So like Bob Barker says, "Come on down!!!"....
Tonight! 9th annual Christmas Eve show at Yoshi's San Francisco! Gonna be lots of fun!
Man in this world...man oh man GOD have mercy on us~ people are so evil; remenber not every1 you shake hands wt are your friends trustno1
Come check out the band Dr. Us. tonight! 930 pm no cover! drink and food specials all night
Not even a MINI Cooper Clubman? Damn!
I dont need friends, I have GOD.
RT RT I am showing a webinar audience how quickly a message can spread on Twitter. Please RT? (via )
CASTING CALL Brad + Rocky in "The Rocky Horror Show". Open calls this Sat, 9/10 10AM-12PM in Fort Lauderdale. Call 954-530-1879 to sign up.
RT let's get Mothers Day Mystery trending, please re-tweet, Happy Mothers Day
Assemblies of God have relsd official disagreement with B.O. stance on gay marriage. Yea! Thank God for their courage.
Are you going to The 86 Club tonight?
This rain needs to go away, water and high voltage flashes don't mix...
Looking for a job? Go to the One-Stop Job & Resource Fair, Tuesday, April 24 at 10am-1pm @ Northeastern Illinois University Student Union!
Thank you for your great Ragnar tips via your blog post. So appreciate it!
I just wanna have fun..
that means it fits 44 uncomfortably. Party at your place!
cool u can come swim over here to:p.
I dont like people
Woah watch out for the couch on the right lanes of the 8-east near hotel circle
I totally agree.
Pernod Ricard SA, may fall in Paris trading should the company fail to increase its profit outlook when it reports earnings tomorrow.
Chilling tired of crazy ppl , ready to move
Okay this is getting annoying now.
i wish would respond to my texts...but she's probably ignoring me.
well I actually just left sultans :) haha
Feel so good from my work out :)
I'm so tired I can't sleep? This sucks.
Salsa Classes Today at Just Dance Studio: Beginner; Int.:15pm; Adv.6:30pm!
THE THING! Hands down the best special effects in a creature film! Kurt Russel plus John Carpenter is a magic combination!
That's exactly what I had. Meal fit for a mayor
I drank so much last night. I could barely walk. I could surf porn ok, but little more than that. Still struggling with the after-effects.
RT : Need a sampling to get #pcbw started? I will be tonight from 6-8.
Of course! Hope you're doing well <3
Poland Summer Info session Tomorrow! Thursday February 16th at 6pm in 8a Polk Hall entrance more info contact Hanna ()
If you could only see how much you hurt me.
Thanks for posting the article. Nice headline photo!
We should treat absolutely everything as a political story. That's what disaffected voters are looking for.
Don't forget #firstFridays in Multnomah Village!
YAY!!!!! MY SISTER IS GOING TO HAVE A BABY BOY!!!!! :D
Bought an iphone today! Now to go get it switched over to tmobile
you're a babe ;)
Goal: be up and functioning in 5 hours.
just played duo with at hotel preston. great way to pass the storm. time to check the mini disk recording
what you two living together? I know it won't!
Getting started soon for #wherecamptb2012, coffee is ready so get here before the donuts are gone!
And the Robin Ventura era begins. So excited for baseball.
A little depression & the baking bug is awake. Now there's a container of freshly-made Oatmeal Gogi-Berry Chocolate Chunk cookies for Dad.
We know nothing about motivation. All we can do is write books about it. -Peter F. Drucker
Social Business by Design - having your customers at the heart of your business. Like "Pulse" at 3M. (#bsocial12)
Even Popeye didn't eat his spinach until he absolutely had to
RT : W/ more than 140K applicants paying a non-refundable "processing fee" of $11, the marathon took in more $1.5M+ just on apps.
Oh my, is that a class? Is it acceptable for you to give him a hard time? If so, please do...
If you think Chelsea Handler is funny then your name must be Chelsea Handler.
And we danced out there on that empty hardwood floor
guess you didn't "really" miss me!! LOL Happy 5th of May!
cousin!!!! Thanks really appreciate it couldn't have done it without family. Love ya. Proud of you too! Only a few months!
I'm at work early but forgot keys. when are you going to get in today?
Anyone know of an free, open source html editor for Mac that does NOT do the rich text stuff Mac's text editor does?
s/o tu my hommie she helped me stay up lastnight she supa cool
MusicalStop.com Home to Independent Artists Across North America! Musicalstop.com !!!!!!!! !
I was surprised to see him as the play byplay guy.
#50liesIwasTold the tooth fairy will leave money u.Der your pilow -.-
Re: Headphone Peds - This underscores the importance of auditory environmental awareness and the dire consequuences of reduced AEA...
that's horrible D: did you already buy your ticket?
UGH!!! So many guys! :P
Good morning.
They had so much in common with my railway mail friends, too. I could have been a Sea Post dog! I did take a mail steamer.
"Lovers in waiting" -: she gets me.
I'm planning on Europe next summer ! :)
Fresh to death righ now got on my new kicks and about to hae a blast with my secound family
Shout out to for the scoop...having a blast working on 'em.
I fux with that old school Usher.
um. YES.
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me :)
"haters gonna hate, mahomies gonna love" <3 -
Whats up buddy? You up an running?
is tweeting and blogging for clients - how many identifies do I have?
RT : "To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe." - Marilyn Vos Savant
Must to check misleading ads: Thomas
I've watched my fair share of NBA games, and I don't know if I've ever seen a team get BEAT DOWN as badly as the Lakers did last night
This thunder and lightening and rain in Htown ain't playing. I should have been at my boo house.
Not going to lie, I was hesitant to follow u back bc your pic is a instagram pic of u and your girlfriend
"You can't take a black man's kool-ade!" - Ice T on Live with Kelly *face palm*
I'm 11 :3 And I'm doing amazing! Going to school :P
thats whats up, no red. Canon c300 looks nice, so does the mark I , still rocking the 550d though.
what are you doing tonight?
you're gonna make me cry
Theres just some album versions of songs that just arent good...
Discussing ideas for community partnerships.
OMG Melody!!! That guy doing ur hair is Larrys cousin Steve!!! Tell him we say hi!!! U look gor-gee-ous :0
thanks for the tweet! We'll see you at the spontaneous streak this week. Remind me you tweeted at us at the finish
Watchin' #sxonspeed. Great end to a Saturday night!
I decide how I live, I decide who I love, and no one makes up my mind for me.
Watching prospects of a quick storm, called an "Alberta Clipper", to bring light snow chances to Great Lakes come Friday.
When people connect their FB to their twitters like no..
Laryngitis will not defeat me. Excited for mobile parade session at 11am.
well the good finally released the Bourne Legacy trailer we asked him about. what did you think? looks great to me
LOVE you and I will always support you! I cried watching your elimination. You didn't deserve to go home at all<U+2665> 4 8
Well hi there! I do draw them out but sometimes it's hard to choose which design to play with. One will stand out eventually.
I deleted my facebook to the fullest extent they apparently support. Twitter? I think it's under control and not as harmful. Just mindless.
SparkFun Electronics Travels to the USA Science and Engineering Festival to Host Electronics Workshops for Kids
Finally got my ID!
i wish that i could have this moment for life.
Where is #DEXTER when you need him? #Casey Anthony got away with murder.
I'd never do that my friend!! RT dont remove my comment .. un friend me bitch <3 peace
I think #JackandJill went up that hill to do more than just get some water
"Every day is a good day when you run."
The word for today is WIN
Sleep is what i need. I feel like i just .....well lets say not so good.
My mom is playing gold fish and the card says backhand betty....
I need some pho in my life right meow.
I'm so glad that Cody could take some time to himself to go back home to Australia. He does so much for us. ~Courtney
It's happening. Tomorrow's rally is going to be awesome. People are waking up and realizing this is Do or Die time.
did you hear that chris browns going to be on rihannas birthday cake remix!? whutt!
will they let us pet them?
For the second time this week, I was trapped on a subway car with a loud, mentally ill / drunk freestyle rapper. Lucky me!
#whosgonnalose - new orleans at atlanta - atlanta will lose
is the shit!! Worth following
Is listening to the new album by #theasteroids "Out of Frequency"; the title doesn't work, it is totally in frequency.
Oh man, don't get me started! HAHA
thanks guys! :D My favorites are Get It Right and I Just Wanna Run!
lol Will do, and agreed. Sweet dreams, don't let the bed bugs bite.
I want sum damn CRABS!!!!
7 DD's! You are now my superhero
Happy Holidays to All
There's no greater fear in journalism than the fear of getting scooped on a story. Competition definitely helps with getting coverage.
Prestige Travel -at the Perfect Wedding Guide Bridal show - Sunday - January 24th - Marriott Marquis Atlanta - stop by for Honeymoon ideas
Unexpectedly at a show of a band I liked when I was a teenager. Life is beautiful.
"honey, I don't yell"...ditto, no hugs today!
The YMCA Downtown has a great program. Good people running it as well!. Tammy Coffey is a contact or check out website.
does that mean what I think it means sir?
Can't really beat 72 degrees and sunny in the middle of Christmas!
I know. It wasn't a popular decision. I need to try to find him online.
If even half the claims on the cover of this men's magazine are true, I'll be a totally different guy in 18-21 days.
Omg seriously?
me too! Need to believe it. Past has shown it to be true!
Im bout to make some eggs.
Not quite downtown, and river view instead of lake view, but Barnacle Buds has the best patio in Milwaukee.
sick ass invite!
Tattoos #crazy life
Dejuan Wheat got a degree??? I guess No Child Left Behind is paying off. In what?? Criminal Justice! Fitting
That Awkward Moment When: Im In The Car With My Daddy & The Windshield Wipers Come On Out Of No-Where(:
I will waive the $20.00 reistration fee for more info call 310-806-2123. Its a chance at 50k and a two year modeling contract
GO BLUE!!!
Damn! You're living the good life I see. Those things are rare!
excellent! thx for thinking of both of us MM!
Chose a good game to go to.
Feels so good to have my car back.
We shall see.
great dress, though
Club Sin tonight and HQs after its going down, with Nu Muney Missz, D'UNIT BlackBottom G, DLE, Kong, AND many more. Come out and support
It was good seeing you last night....when we goin to brunch?
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: Set up a affiliate program. Consumers can register and make money for any referrals to the site that lead to a sale.
the kid is getting huge!
RT : Palin: "In Paul Revere's day, he had to ride from door to door to show people his penis."
(jen) Australia is calling.
Great choice! Spinning it now!
I Love How Beauty's voice Sound In Where Them boys At
OMG JAY I fucking love you! This mixtape! lol
RT : Grown ass men be lookin at high school girls like lunch meat......
RT : I'm so thankful for having found connect me with some of the most valuable and current information!
but anyways I want a smoothie going to math now kma
I liked the celebration if for no other reason because the kids and the parents got to smile and laugh for a bit.
Just saw your old school tweet plugging the blog post re: W&W. Thanks bro, hope you are well
LOL! There are different levels of freakish behavior, obviously
This Taylor Swift & B.o.B song will be everywhere this summer, calling it now.
i seen a dumbass on twitter talking bout being on the run & how the cops r dumb, but his dumb ass had the location where he tweeted
Yeah - my one negative reaction during the movie was that there came a point where the level of carnage was really stressful.
In other news, fuck North Carolina.
I just want to burn and play xbox.
I am a political junkie! Was enthralled with the State of the Union. Listened while I made Balance Lady Designs jewelry. Multi-tasking!
Happy #FollowFriday! Why dont'cha follow our first indie feature - it'd be swell of ya!
well..it's almost summer...so no gay excuses
At West Senior Center waiting for visit from
Have you ever built a relationship online? If so, how did it begin and do you feel it was a good thing overall?
You lift my feet off the ground spin me around you make me crazier <U+2665>
thanks for the mention Gina! =)
Looking forward to #TheGoodWife & then #IRT. Like to see what Lisa's up to on IRT.
Hm...Well dont I remember the 2 happiest days of my life. The day you followed me and your concert.(:
Antique shows are great and I am counting down to heading to one in less than two weeks!
What software or program do you recommend for creating dubstep, both for novice and pros? Thanks...
watching it in my hotel room. Tough break should have won in regulation.
lol boss what do I owe u?
Just bought today's ! Can't wait to hopefully come visit you guys this summer!
Thanks for the follow. I'll follow you in return.:) ,
How do u have tickets?
Can someone do my work and clean my apartment and read my books to me and spoon food into my mouth? If I won the lottery I would want that.
When you're trying to post to the blog and Tumblr is down, Twitter unceasingly resounds! #unreliableTumblr (Happy Valentine's Day to boot)
Vacuum Facts :- In 1905, Chapman and Skinner in San Francisco invented the first portable electric vacuum.
- Very true. Thousands of examples to back your point. Rod Smith, Tom Brady, Ryan Leaf, Elvis Dumervil...
wish I was there!
I need food
I always knew where David Gregory stood politically, this speaking engagement for Republican advocacy group confirms it. fire him now!
There is now a Klout iPhone app, which allows you to pretend to know what your score means anywhere!
If you do happen to have a deluxe CD let me know ok and I'll send you the money for it. Thanks again Sherrie. <3
the go-cart thing paints an interesting pic - tooling down the street with cops doing a slo-mo chase a la OJ?
GO USA <U+E018>
don't tweet an walk you walk into random Walls that jump in your way #ThisJustHappen :/
I'm still full after yesterday, what shall I eat ?
I got nothing to lose, I'm fighting my demons. Been looking for someone like you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
nothing just i know u donot bite u cannot be a vampire LOL
Cool. Now I know...
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. ~ Friedrich Nietzsche
my thoughts exactly!! this summer is turning out to be amazing already!
gave it to my boo <3
can't sleep... and I feel I need a nap =(
we lost today...word.
Mini van swag
dealer expo is on the horizon, combine, firemen etc… use the ten days off to come and give u a review.
#WILDTHINGS2 better that the first....because of you..Watching it now!
Throw it in the freezer for a min RT : phone is off til it cools off
:: Two VT'd shows down and two to go. This may take longer than I expected but not bad after a two-day laryngitis layoff.
Pretty shocking to see Miami down 20, let alone giving up 70 in a half...against the Warriors.
ill dm him for u
In New York.....Boardwalk Empire, HBO and Cartoon Network auditions.
Oh my......it should be here by now :(
At least the Wild Card race means baseball is almost over. Nothing that boring to watch should have a season consisting of 162 games.
I'll have to get to more than 1 next season.
have a blast! What's ur fav song?
would love to work with you dm me the details if possible
The novelty of using a push mower ends the moment I sit down, my head paused spinning just long enough to ask what the hell I'm doing.
We Reach The Climax
Elmer Fudd was killed by the Tasmanian Devil and a black panther? Why did he yell geronimo before he died?
Ugh! I've had a verse from a James Taylor sing in my head ALL DAY! Help me!
Nothing beats an awesome drummer in the studio!!!
14 year olds shouldn't be on Twitter because most of them won't shut up about their problems. Some things are meant to be kept to yourself.
The check out guy at Trader Joes just called me "shorty". Its totally ok cuz he looked exactly like MR. T.
email with a menu, prices, a pic of your display, & 3 references. We'll put you on file!
I'm obsessed with 's new CD "This Is How The Story Goes". $10 well spent! "Oh Milwaukee...you got the best of me..."
Hold Up! U haven't been watching?! Tisk! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>“: I need to watch this show. Love Kerry Washington!”
Thanks! Followed back!
See??? effed up tweets
Interesting question about the purchasing model for the AppStore in regards to teachers
seriously! freaking love #NewGirl !!
Music, spoken word, beauty body and hair are all in the house at #naturallypretty event by #naturalchica n
RT : What would the best #CarlBeane tribute be tomorrow at Fenway Park?
Go to iTunes and get album #TabloidTruth and check out the single "Maniac" ft
not yet mayb if u message me
Food Fact of the Day: St. Patrick's Day is the biggest day of the year for combined food and beverage sales in restaurants and bars.
Furious comeback from early 14-0 deficit for the Pack.. Aaron Rodgers brilliance or great adjustment by the Pack Defense??
RT : Thanks to for setting us up for the draft ! Had a great time and really appreciate it. GO COLTS!
Spring has returned in Tennessee after a week-long "cold" snap (60s). What's everyone up to this weekend?
Happy New Year to our followers! May 2012 be a year of golfing glory!
have you seen the banana guy done by this artist? Also very cool
no, i was giving back to my community all day, today at my alma mater HS. & nope, never worked with Jumpstart/City Year :/
good morning every body! what a beautiful day! I am so thankful.
Green voxbox shipment is scheduled for the 3rd week of July. Make sure to unlock yr green badge to chive green goodies!
Happy Easter Alice
#Hot100 Round 3 tomorrow You dont wanna miss it!!
Don't forget folks-- Roller Derby at the Main Street Arena this weekend. Cinco de Mayhem!
If you ask for a copy of your own credit report then this is a "permissible purpose".
“Don’t be afraid to go out on a limb. That’s where the fruit is.” ~H. Jackson Browne
Jack Nicklaus announces Columbus, OH to host the 2016 U.S. Senior Open. Congrats Scioto Country Club!
And why is that?
okay! What time? I get off at 4
I don't care
Old friend and former Huron colleague Faye (Adams) Rice just started at Natoma Partners this week. Welcome aboard Faye!
haha well I can't give him an F cuz then he wont take me to the mall ever again or anywhere ever again haha but thnxs anyway:)
“: btw who hates Michael Jordan?” The whole city of Charlotte..
he just got there didn't he? What about his Parisian?
Wikipedia Lookup and Readcap look mighty helpful.
Word is, he unfollwed everyone but two people, thinking it would be truer to his hermit nature.
Friday night: Thousands of lights will sparkle downtown from the City & County Building to Union Station +entertainment!...
I've wasted plenty
What to do with my life.
Why not go to the old bldg to do a live show.. Different location, different ISDN line little downtime, still live. Oh wait. They don't care
Jarek Column: Silence is golden, and getting harder to find - Fond du Lac Reporter
Dang bro I just got this! You shoulda text me! RT : comedy night tonight? I wanna watch some Hal Sparks.
Capitalism will put more people to work than Socialism & Communism! Unions started out when laws were not in place now they just take money
never underestimate the power of the silent treatment.
Delia has to pee !
My thoughts exactly. RT : Huh?
Had the SAME thought! RT 's Nonprofits & Data webinar. The "tweetable version" is the new "elevator pitch."
Hey !!! TY for following us! Have a super Wednesday!
Shawnee. Was a used copy.
No Calculator? BIG problems! -.-
Study hard students! Summer is almost here. RT: “: Nine Days of classes plus Finals (not that we're counting)."
finally someone is asking the hard hitting questions this campaign has been avoiding.
heartaches and mistakes how many hits can a good girl take ?
Nice haha and im in the worst freakin study hall ever! You cant even listen to music! an I know she gotta ortho appointment
I'm on a diet but I'm doin donuts in the 6 speed
Four finals, two projects and two more days of my internship!
I'm super blessed to have talented and beautiful friends who are doing amazing things!
Nap Nap WEINER.
Better 'get your Instagram on' now....
totally unprovoked!
Tonight catch Mount Kimbie and MachineDrum at Cervantes Masterpiece Ballroom in Denver, I will be showing my New Feather Collar Accessory!
Miami Heat will play second half today without Chris Bosh, who reportedly suffered an ab strain.
RT : Listening to salsa at work, that's how you know you put a buncha hispanics into one office// LOL!
good btw check out kristen stewarts interview where she talks about "steamy" sex scenes in breaking dawn pt 2
What ever became of those food truck-related dribble shots you took?
Make something out of yourself!
That's awesome! Thanks for remembering us and sharing the memory. #DickBatchelor is still hard at work helping the kids of FL.
Brady to Moss...Gotta LOVE it! GO PATS!
just saw the orthopedic surgeon for knee pain. He prescribed 5 injections of SUPARTZ joint fluid therapy. Has anyone had experience with os…
Why Thanks! I like them too!
Please visit our website at www.spheregs.com and let us know how our new design is coming out!
Most of my jobs have required security clearance & drug tests. Good thing reality doesn't cloud a good, destructive rumour.
Then you got 'em coming man.
Whitney Houston was such a beautiful talent. And Adele looks beautiful!
Darn you Angry birds -___-"
baby what you talking about
Thanks to for getting Helloween stuck in my head this morning.
OF COURSE Peyton is a bronco...the dude is OBSESSED with horses! His new boss looks more like one than he does...
Good Shit. A smoker will seek out what he needs.
RT : #FF Thanks for the mentions & RTs this week! via
"Skepticism and fascination is a part of my thinking." -Rebecca Keller
Don't be sorry hoe...be careful.. *money mike voice*
We had 4 inches of snow in Plano, TX yesterday, what spring?
thank you so much! Still relaxing in
Even better... Madonna, Tom Brady, Eli Manning human centipede halftime show
I'm not telling people who like it that they're wrong. I'm just betting doesn't like their own ending. Too many holes.
just chilling, trying to figure out what exactly austin's doing. I think he's sleeping. Do you know?
get it!!
Wednesday Bible Study, as always, was on point. I appreciated that we revisited a passage from two weeks ago. "God don't make mistakes"...
can't trash talk...suckin right now.
I know that even with the seams stitched tightly, darling, scars will remain.
oops! We forgot to thank you too for bringing #uxhappyhour to Seattle!
Grim news from eye doc. Looking forward to the rest of my career on concrete poetry & land art.
Depends on how much you love it already. For some reason, the things you love always wind up costing you.
it doesn't say drunk resistant. ; )
Seeing a dude walking a small dog always makes me laugh a little.
I used to, but I can't even eat those any more. If there's some cooked down in a sauce or something I can tolerate it.
Baylor has no answer for Kentucky. First half totally out played.
seriously stop retweeting my tweets to me and my brother, i know you think he's cute, but you don't know him
Just ate a burger without a bun so if anyone asks I had a steak for dinner tonight.
Terrible morning and day so far needing a turn around real quick!
At home, working on the usual nefarious plots!
I think publishers have to stop being so afraid of ebooks and embrace them.
THAT WAS SICK!
Every time I get a message; I smile...& hope it's you : )
Out on the town with some cuzos
yeah nardo -Jamo it is! Thanks for the rt!
Headed off to Standard Hotel opening night PEN World Voices #penfest2012 Love the Highline, cool illuminated puppets
I do too.
it was Obv a joke Haha take one
jack lalanne, running, soup, montaigne, and more at www.susanefine.com
“: Thanks for a great conference ! Feel inspired and met some amazing people. #dsum12” Well stated. Thank you.
In the epic battle of Matt v. Google News. Matt wins. But who knew such a small code change could cause issues like that?
#stopkony should never stop trending
#stagecoach about to start! Who knew there were so many cowboys in SoCal? Up first: Eli Young Band.
yes! Love
to quote salt and peppa...push it. push it real good!
#BRONCOS r a real team for 2013 super bowl
Hunt: our institute brings together mothers from 40 conflict-affected countries, see what they're doing.
Everyone should read Denise Richards book! She has dealt with some sad, crazy & happy times. Things we all can relate to!
Playing at Acoustic Cafe at Pace University tonight. Show starts at 5, $3 to get in, come support the theatre department!
is on the beach at Presque Isle State Park.
Ahh... the sun is good. Working on a marketing plan to attract new clients.
Now the whole cast is going! DANGER!
The undergraduate degree is becoming a research degree
I'm a little sick of Adele, yes, but I can't help but love her truly, madly, deeply. How can this be so?
it said the video could not be loaded
there was school today? oh... lol, oh well.
The new logos and color (or lack of) scheme for are FANtastic.
Yea in a sort they bugged >.> but then i will change it into a new good one that panda prize and well fixed soon as were done...
Apparently smoking hookas is a great way to jumpstart #innovation - Sammy Haroon
The picture of Dorian Gray >>> <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
go chris BROWN!!!
This #Magic film on ESPN is pretty good.
IDA's helped New Mexicans buy first homes and uplift neighborhoods, becoming involved in local government and mentoring friends and family.
who rangers win!!!!!!
Learn from the mistakes of others, life's too short to make them all yourself
#TwinterGames= #3WordsAfterArnisPizza: Jan. 16-23, describe the perfect Arni's pizza in 3 words or less. Use # and tweet to
FURSHOW MAN..GOTTA DO IT BIG U KNOW "ITS MAJOR"..
Ladies with #CONFIDENCE you have the ability to achieve and accomplish ANYTHING!! #KNOWWHOYOUARE u will than at dat moment b
Love getting phone calls from when Shes in Kansas!
I am obsessed.
thanks for keeping me tagged in that whole conversation guys
Wacha' doin', Granpop? Noon. Book talk on Slave in the White House
Yes I did :-) But none of us knew he could really sing til he started showing us his youtube videos, LOL
Damn is it Questionnaire Day For Sherod...Stop asking me all these damn questions!!!!!
hell yeah! what you writing?
hey chelsea you look sexy with your pretty eyes where you from
who knew Jimmy Spinoza had a twitter!?!
Drama beats is so sexyy oh my god
December is not a working month
Scary time to be a bartender right now. Cinco de Mayo + "I`ll have another!" Man
dude I look black in the shower!!
'Relax a bit' = 'Sleep', right? You must do that once in a while I'm certain.
Saturday w/ Dom Kennedy! It cant get no better. #Grind'n
www.Video-TV-Email.com Intergrated MobleMarketing Join for a Live-Web-Demo 4/18/11 at 8:14pm Est-RSVP N/Ph/E to:
follow me?
text me!
Help us get to 2,500 fans on this page. Share our page on your page and ask people to "like" Denver Browns Baseball
Saying,” OH YEAH I REMEMBER ” when you really don't.
Raining in the county..
to say the least :-/ Good thing I wasn't there--I would have started singing our national anthem! Bah-ha!
I want you, all tattooed, I want you bad. Completely mistreat me. I want you to be bad bad bad bad bad.
sad loss for RM. sad!
well I'm sorry I don't sit around on my phone or watching the tv at work! Like some people....
“: Happy #cincodemayo to all my fellow #spics, now grab a #corona and party on the lawn ” my FAV holiday party time!
A TED Talk is the best talk you can give, ever.
not tryna do this romeo and juliet homework
Ive been told to use this from now on. IRDLOL I really did laugh out loud.
I wish you were mine <U+2665>
so Jake care to explain about telling MY WIFE about your little friend?
welcomes the military ball!!
The next 2 days are big for me! I finally getting meet and I'm signing the lease for #LemonTreeNutrition !!!
I'm about done with all the whining and mumbling...not enjoying this morning AT ALL kids!!!
I can't stop smiling
Never been a Nuggets fan before. Cc:
changing my bed sheets, probably the hardest task in the world
I'm having a great morning daytrading and calling the IRS...yeah baby!
Free burger at with proof of Yelp in Denver review!
Seriously Shugs....it was Stewart Downing taking it!....I would be more impressed if you had predicted him to score and he did!
Wtf ? Do you guys have no clue how to handle crowds? You all should be ashamed. Fucking evil monsters. & total amateurs.
Been fielding lots of genre questions since that last tweet! We asked author K. Meyer to describe Grosvenor Square’s genre. Next: Her words.
: Finally here to see Avatar, I've seen less people in a theater on the second week. This must be a really good movie
what's up?
Oregon St vs. Oregon... QUACK QUACK!!! :D
Outstanding place to work & relax when in #Beavercreek OH: Coffee is the best; Thanks Chrissy 4 exc svc The Greene
Gotta stay positive and in prayer
I honestly can't read Bill. It's impossible to tell if he's just messing with me or not.
Nicks is absolutely a No.1 WR, who said he wasn't?
Come hear me trainwreck at the artifice. 1130pm tonight on the wheels of steel
That was the most Tony Campana situation ever.
1st place in our division, best choreography and overall grand champ for all level 3!! #FTC #juniorgreen today was a good day <3
Follow Back?(:
I miss school lol
#whatif?? #NAACP and #teaparty actually saw that they have some common interests. Very scary for those pimping race issues and making $$$!
Don't know about that. I was trying to send the tweet from the other account to have one up there when I got to class. I failed :)
In a very, very expensive neighborhood.
Nothing's worse than packing up your apartment when you don't want to leave in the first place.
A reminder that we're shifting over to books, so follow us there to stay up-to-date about Children's Book Press!
S/o to my followers team follow back
So it is NOT true that you are divorcing?????
"If she's on the rag never let her fry the Ragu" - Doom
we had to write who is our hero for a composition and i chose loveyou<3
not possible
honestly, i dont want to get caught up in the LA lifestyle working to party and buy clothes.Iwant to act, and praise the Lord
strong students are def in interest of school, but not so strong studs who pay full price arent
:( re: selling house
cause girl on in love <3.<3
I know 100 isn't a lot, but to me it is and again to everyone. Thank you. ( :
I guess I could go to a sports bar for the #sjsharks game.
No because I don't make dumb bets, but I do know they'll lose.
Wolves was taken almost directly from a Ronald Reagan ad. No creativity whatsoever.
My big girl Danielle graduates from 8th grade tonight
OH GOD NO. Ed and Cher Lloyd are the only secrets I've got left! Well, and Cheryl Cole sorta.
#DailyRebellion: Set firm boundaries.
good luck!!!
Have a safe trip. :)
washington capitals.... and they can SMD!
I think I might just move here. Pretty awesome city.
March madness time to make money <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Did you know we deliver lunch to your car? Order 30 min in advance, pull into our curbside parking, and lunch is delivered to your car!
I'm actually really nervous tho O.o omg help
hell yea it does!! Maybe even have to pay
Papa Doug decides?
Our Headbands Our Now A San Francisco Original !! Made In San Francisco !!
Happy Summer y'all! Celebrate by loving USA, getting outdoors, swinging a bat, staying hydrated, and charging the mound
ohh:( I had one yesterday..I hope you feel better:)
Some people...
take us through the narrow door from which an endless river flows into a new body-wounded but unafraid; through JC, the passion of God. Amen
Damn I'm still ranting to nobody... Lol.. I'm out..
So do you have any Replacements to bring it to eleven, as they would say on Spinal Tap.
if i say i love you i mean my words you should stop playing with my heart and say it when u mean it
My man Mike is ripping up the radio as Hamlet right now. WAMU
A few hours from showtime!
I'm Prime Minister of pissing people off. The Ruler of Rubbing You The Wrong Way & Shit.
Even though I want to leave I will always find a reason to stay
#ASKKIAN why are you do good looking?
Searching for coffee, one of the proverbial quests of every musician!
#jerrybrown just went over the 50% threshold, i guess $150mm doesnt go as far as it used to, Meg.
I pretty much feel like for the last six days someone has been kicking me in a barn.
I used to love her, but I have to kill her
These are my absolute most favorite people on the planet <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008E><U+263A>
Tat My Name On You Girl So I Know Its Real Tat My Fucking Name On You So I Know Its Real
i'll let you know ASAP... I might just go one night
a lot happened. And the memories of it just all came up and out like I just vomited them out
LOL - I had some blue cheese and salami in my salad yesterday. My coworkers were not happy. ;)
why you no follow me too ????
Woot, suck it Rangers!
This I just want my pants back is looking like my kind of show.
"I'm thankful I have everything I want. And no one else has anything better." - Betty Francis. Spoken like a true Republican.
#2011in4words Fuck this year's drama.
No, they finished the dunk contest. : #ThingsBetterThanTheDunkContest LEBRON and the 4th QUARTER”
MY ANKLE CAME DOWN ON IT WRONG
Awesome Chipotle commercial, but I prefer Qdoba.
Week 4 is already underway...just another weekend of competitive youth basketball throughout Colorado!
At my BestFriends house watching her eat cheesecake lol :-)
Ever have moments when everything comes #fullcircle? I have
Hair Kitty Kitty: Wedding Hairstyle Ideas
just thought I'd ask... What the heck are SheWee's? ;)
I'm thinking the DUEL hitting coach thing is WORKING.
THIS---->“: Sorry, orange parking cone. You have been replaced on our OL.” Laughing my a$$ off here.. Omg
You could build a new arena with all the bricks the Kings are putting up tonight.
watching the saints kick off the season at b-dubs who dat!!
yeah. I have a bio about him on my FB under my about me section. He's my alter ego ;-)
God gave me you for the days of doubt And for when I think I lost my way There are no words here left to say, it's true God gave me you
The Missionaries in Haiti are in a bad position. The Missionary position. Hee haw
WHAT IT DEW PIMP
Do you think when mobsters in the Galapagos dump a body they say, "He sleeps with the turtles."?
- 3 "great" officials collecting a paycheck who couldn't care less, knowing that RU wasn't going to win 5 games in 5 days
me too! I was mad about it.
on a roll! > “: American or Canadian? RT : what is two plus two?”
I think but I think they actually helped blocking the ball it could've been worse
Troopswap DC is now providing weekend deals and we couldn't be happier. A new deal a day, seven days a week.
Good luck to the homies at the Battles tonight, tear em up!
The greatest run in NFL history came from some damn skittles
you're not into that??....weird...
Make a difference after graduation. Attend the info session Monday (2/13) from 5-6pm in McKinley 155
Uhoh. Here's hoping the birthday celebrating hasn't ruined you. ;) Happy Birthday Weekend!
“: we need to get #forTony trending” retweet this
Thanks for your Tweet love!
Who wants a sneak peek at the first song from my band Life As A Martyr's new EP?! For fans of BMTH, Woe, Is Me, Miss May I, Parkway, etc!
Follow me on instagram
Thanks bro, Do you have a Tumblr?
#teamfunsize where y'all at??? RT for a s/o
you! to my knowledge, we haven't yet worked with can't wait to meet them though!
Whenever The Spurs Lose Goes Into Hiding Like A Hoe.
No way. Three Toes is a cultural singularity.
E am "oh, i am too stupid to show up to driver meetings. Wreck him.
I am impressed!
Simple. Creativity. RT : Roses are red, violets are blue. Reddit. Bacon. Poet...ry?
Happy birthday <3
*poofs him back to me - puts a magic spell on the mansion. no magic*
hahaha I love Jordan :)
Ellie Mae Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
Smoking weed under star projectors
The mcfadden ward coference for historic houses has pulled together amazing speakers on museums, audiences and history.
George...are you hopping on the Kings bandwagon with everyone else?
It was listed under Green Tea. *sulk*
hail straightedge
I hate sleepin alone...guess a cold night without her :(
Siri, clear my schedule today. I'm ready for a nap.
Yes!:DRT : So me and are pulling a Jessica tomorrow hahahah! :')
Will I ever see You smiling back at me How will I know If I let you go
I just got off work and I already ate so just come afterwards if you want. Bubble bath here I come.
for those local, we are filming this sun apr 29 in kendallville. if u wanted to be in my video, plz email me
Your song must get played for at least 60 seconds before it counts as a BDS spin. One verse in the mixshow aint gone cut it.
My husband: "You say 'curmudgeon' like it's a bad thing."
Indeed! #wherearethemen? RT : Want to see a reverse gender gap? Come to a museum conference.
#thanks RT : Shout out to , one of the most intelligent and hard working managers/entrepreneurs in the business.
Loving staying up all night its pritty cool it is hella foggy out side
Tryna survive through all the pain and rough..
Good luck!!!
My gift to my mom is letting her watch me play baseball
I love driving<3
1-Buy sign 2-Activate it 3-Enter your listing details 4-Setup your voicemail 5-Direct prospects to ur website 6-Return v-mail on ur schedule
Thinking about what to do.. hopefully our plan works out..
- hey Ramsay! Send me your email via DM and i'll reach out directly. Thanks!!
#Bttrr was a gem as always! So glad the weather behaved!Here's to another sunny day tomorrow when we go to Lincoln Pointe in Aventura 5-10pm
My mom's so fucking stupid and dramatic.
Football after school, #EXCITED!
lol...I've been talking trash all day about the opener. Pretty sure that means the giants automatically lose.
Whatever happened to whole hearted, honest #marketing like Ms. Cleo the telephone psychic with the fake #Jamaican accent?
Tonight I'm at Beckett's Public House and club kiss 1-2am on 1035 kiss fm Chicago and 1035kissfm.com!
Taking every ounce of restraint not to reread Catching Fire right now but then I wouldn't sleep tonight.
lmao! Actually Im only doing Skewers. Everything is being taking care of :)! Although you know I can't stay away from a grill
Good morning =)
That sounds great! I am inspired and am gonna plan to get out of the city before the real winter hits and hit the trails! :B
Or at least I hope I'll be able to make it through the first one, if the kiddo cooperates
you suck :P
Grading essays and wondering if my students were paying attention to the question.
I am there daily.. I feel your pain!
RT : Broncos WR Brandon Lloyd's 18.8-yard receiving average ranks fourth in NFL history for a season (min. 75 catches).
"But despite our best...efforts, I do not see a viable path forward for CLASS implementation at this time," Sebelius in letter to Congress
Courses selected for Ames
And by "trauma" -- I mean physical, emotional, mental, sexual, etc., as trauma creates a dysfunctional relationship between body and food.
Reviewing my photos....i think I have crossed eyes - anyone else notice that?
I'm all up in the Lights, Camera, Social Action panel, hoping this doesn't turn me off progressive message films.
BRING INTELLIGENCE 2 UR GAME / B.I.G. H. I..T.T.S. High Intensity Tackle Training Systems. No missed tackles, Out hit ur opponents
There are some scumbags out there... fo sho
my favorite part is laying 40:1 on answers I'm 99% confident on. Good old fashioned degen moneymaking schemes.
Where's my car, where's my keys, where's my clothes?
No one Compares to me...
BITCHES GETTIN LOCKED UP FOR THESE NIGGAZ AND THE NIGGA CAN'T PAY HER BOND!?? DATS SUM SAID SHIT MANE!
Walkin over competition with no muscle to easy
makes Inside even better too
The house hunting begins! And we might need a 3rd roommate but you would need to meet strict criteria.
Aw snap, Corey Red is back! Big Ups to all the artists & KMRS
i want to be the best i can; for me, for you, for every man.
:) haha hey i taled to mama! About us going to the beach!
Praying for women and children who are abused. May God help you through.
txt me!
BS! straight up
If you're in town for the upcoming holidays, we have a resident who needs some help with her kitten. Let us know!
finding the correct pair of socks in that big black bag is a
We're talking about #WhitneyHouston this morning. Remembering her and the very latest on the investigation into her death.
I actually haven't been here in months! Need to do work, but need to absorb the sun more!
So glad you're back. Just don't over do it plz.
Just watched "Every Little Step" for the first time! Such a wonderful documentary!
Rose will be okay! This off season I'll bulk him up to a solid 215.
Well mommy n dad got me tacos so I feel a little better ... Unfortunately I still feel like shit so I'm not too hungry
Thank you Martin Sheen for coming out to the screening tonight! What an inspiring & beautiful film!
Selling a bunch of equipment. Canon, Profoto, and other stuff. Email me at if you're interested.
Tomorrow night Im gonna be at Recher Theatre in Towson for playing with Fuel! Afterparty at Mobys in Fells with
Bossypants was perf. Finished it on the flight. Now onto 's Most Talkative!!
Holy moly, todays library welcome for new hum/soc sci PhDs was fantastic, lots of great questions & convo. My first official SC talk down.
did you like orlando
My new favorite way to say something is a bad idea: "Many Bothans may die." via
My second family <3
bring some stank with u RT : I might have to come by there when I get off work tomorrow
Jeremy Lin is hot garbage. Worst team in the NBA and they lose...good game.
That means next week intel will launch ivybridge. The rule of upgrades states that when an upgrade starts new hw comes out
you've been annoyed lately cuz ur iPhone case is too slippery
i know really - recruiters are getting kinda desperate and lame
The Holy Roman Empire was neither holy, nor Roman nor an Empire.
when yells your name creepily down an aisle at meijers ... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
That is a big deal! We don't have any close so I have to buy it from the store.
hey follow me italiana
time to bite the bullet and do my taxes. I am sure I will continue my streak of 5 straight years of owing money.
I love reading the teacher appreciation tweets. I'm retweeting a few, but happy to say there are way too many to retweet all.
Man down!
RT : Wow! People using spiral-bound notebooks and pens seem retro and countercultural here at the Mac-dominated
My motto: Love me or leave me alone!
I gotta get out and go do somethin..
I agree. I guess we shall see what happens.
: more than half of Google searches use 3 or more keywords
that's what u texted last night u said ERICA. N stop shouting out my government
Cisco and Citrix have both had virtual switches running on hypervisors a couple of years now. Not the same thing as what this
The biggest part of your view on the Bogut trade has to be your opinion of him returning to 09/10 pre-injury form.
We believe we are ahead of the music industry. We offer a free market approach to success!
It's the same for gay Republicans. Teabaggers know the 1% pisses on them for sport still they are GOP enablers
We’re glad to hear you’re kicking off the week with a Sunbelt bar! Which one are you munching? RT: M sunbelt granola bars
Anyone want to do emerils stadium for the masters tomorrow?
": Got hurt playing Baseball. Separated Shoulder. :-/ So disappointed but it could've been worse. Hangin' in!!!" Feel better !x
We all make mistakes. Some of us have just learned to apologize, grow from them, and move on. Don't let an error paralyze you...
Coolin it. Happy :))
Am sure our president is black but we are still going more racism in America more than before. Mr. President we need your help!
Play ball!
Apparently my fake Scottish accent is too atrocious for both my coworkers and Siri. I consider that a win.
Catching up on recent work by and - makes engraving work so much more pleasant.
Why am I so ugly?
Thrones is the one. The Killing has a stellar first season but went off rails right at start of season 2
Haven't I been good today y'all??
I will remember that, to find the joy in rainbows I must endure the rain.
I'M GOING TO SEE HUNGER GAMES! ...on Wednesday afternoon, when everyone else is at work or school, the way it was meant to be.
thanks girl!!!! mama wanted me to get every pair of shoes in buckle idk what's wrong with her today!! But I love em to
10yrs ago, u graduated. Lol RT “: 10-year high school reunion this summer. What the fuck happened?”
Boyfriend best song !! ;)
We've got and in the office, talking with and about the emerging UNY startup scene.
“ Whenever I get mad, I just imagine a t-rex trying to pick up a basketball.”
Noeleen: When picking your spokespeople cast a wider net and find people who are likable. The CEO of BP is not a good example.
i moved out. *laughs* you missed Riley's rebellious phase.
RIP Matt Hughes <3
is that a 40 oz protein shake or muscle milk
Thanx for the RT. See you in class
sounds amazing...and delicious, even though it's the skins
He still gives the best hugs. <3.
get back to me when dr. Buss is begging fans to show up and on time.
The promotion site on my profile can help your promote yourself 4 free. :) Please follow i will follow back!
I was rooting for Jeff & Jordan until Jeff evicted Danielle, now I am glad Jeff was the next to be evicted
My revenue is working in inverse proportion to the number of tweets I send out. Just sayin'
Anything good to eat in Waco?
We are having a meeting of the reference librarians at NJIT today
Come to my Acting Class TONIGHT! 7pm We're going to work on auditioning skills. Class is only $20. Pearl Studios 500 8th Ave #1203 NYC
Lovin it! Makes me want to attend the #saa2012 4pm Collections committee meeting!
you're welcome! keep up the great work!
“ #Aquarians don't forgive so easily. Good luck ever getting their trust back”
yeah, me too! but, here comes a migrain. i can feel it. / ': #GREAT!
#leadership means someone has chosen to follow you... Are you a leader or a #bully?
RT “: Camera Awesome - the newest best iPhone app ever? And free! Check it out.
I. Love. You. come back to atlanta. and i NEED fortune. :)
Lesson learn dont even trust friends .......
Classes r over!!! #schoolsout 2nite come vibe @ the venue w/
USPS all the way Matt...no need for ups unless someone specifically requests it ;)
HAHAHAHAHAHA. I will alert the neighborhood cats.
Ready for this first game to roll around because practice be hell
Where did he get an assault rifle!?
wow that's super cool. Maybe we'll see you there
Thanks for the #FF friend!
I'm so comfy I don't want to move... but I have to... ugh
I don't know I kind of want to bedazzle my kids on occasion. Make them match my outfit? What? You don't do that?
Stupid work schedule ;( I have a feeling ima die
I am pretty sure i was Cookie Monster in my past life.. like literally, like literally seriously!! Or maybe i kinda still am?
Peeing on a boat is a great challenge in life.
If you got nothing good 2 say, sit it down and S.T.F.U.
A half hour in the waiting room of a neonatal intensive care unit gives you some perspective, that's for sure.
Another GOPer endorses after winner is determined. RT : RT : Rick Perry endorses Romney.
I know right?!! Prob why that came from THAT account. lol
The "invisible hand" of the marketplace is the most ridiculous form of faith yet devised.
im guessing his gps isn't working?
You guys have been extra presh lately. Aww.
Funny how our law school dropped off that list.
Feel like the world is fucking me in the ass today..and it hurts...
Have a safe trip!!
The sun will come out tomorrow, tomorrow...bet ur bottom dollar that tomorrow, there'll be sun! (thanks, Annie)
This is gonna one mother of a day.
Everything happend so fast
welcome to twitter
If at first you don't succeed, kill everyone that saw you fail
RT - Friday I shot fell asleep on the train and rode the F train for 3 hours til 8:30 this morning
Absolutely not. I'm in LA. The nights just getting started :)
Enjoy the weekend!
Can't believe the weekend is already over. That went by faster than Kim Kardashian's marriage. #TooSoon?
would love to sign but we believe #idol contestants have "pre-signed" deals with the tv show.
very nice
No better airline than USAIRWAYS - Guess I'm spoiled. Thanks for the great service guys, and Thanks Hamp Walters for the fancy swag. Woohoo!
Patty is fine. AuntPatty sounds like I'm 104yrsold. How goes studying literature/ww1?
It's only 8:05 and I already need a nap. Badly.
Anyone attending SF Maker Faire this weekend?
Long days but I know hard work pays
Leading issue from the AFP Fiscal Reform conference is "How to best restrain the growth of runaway government in Oregon"
I love John Edwards, he remines me how stupid I was to believe in him and u can't know everything about a candidate .I need to be humbled.
Hi twitter .
Life doesn't have a remote,get up & change it yourself.There's no rewinding the past or fast forwarding & no pausing. Live In The Moment. <3
I.k.r!?!? Omg that would be terrible if the movie sucked..
Happy International Dance Day! Get up and dance for 15 minutes!!
Ball didnt hit rim, should be shot clock violation, Magic ball with 14 secs to play.
anytime (: But i have a question, its not personal its about music.
actually good! Paced myself. Not inebriated at any point today :-)
It's so strange being followed by myself. Well...you know what I mean.
love the cake, looks good. Love the support
He is da BOMB!! RT : People should go follow my close friend , his music is so inspirational and amazing!
every six months here too. And I'll give a +1 on that
OUCH!! RT Under SOPA, you could get 5yrs for uploading a Michael Jackson song.One year more than the doctor who killed him.
twitter is legit babe!!!
Why is the french fry called a french fry its american food?
don't forget about the old ass whipping I use to give u
You're a sweetheart!
I will be picking up my mother later and take her to my sister's house for the Passover Seder
Funny... LOL North Korea couldn't get it up
Sick again...ugh this sux
Email andrew [at] simplegeo.com if you're interested!
sure; do you want mine if I can find it? The Games class is great.
Life is like a wave. Learn how to ride it so it doesn't ride you
#youngsluts are all used up by 20.
Kobe's killing early
Venti Black Iced Tea. Round two!!
Make Room!!!! God enlarge, expand, and increase.
OH: "I'd say, this is more of a Montel Williams situation than a Jerry Springer one…"
| My bud Lou Holscher tells me how great the cruises are. I wonder how great can it be without DONNA LYNNE blowing the blues?
can u see my bra:4
No way in Hell a Pirates pitcher is going to hold a team hitless!
she's so lucky!! Where does she work?
Thanks for including me as a Book Babe! And thank you for being one of the smartest & interestingest tweeps I follow :) .
"I think we need to get hammered and look at some dildos." - on our joint birthday party with
Man just read my mind. I was just gonna say cheddar bob was a better rapper than Soulja boy. Lol
just saw The Avengers, great movie and awesome to see downtown Cleveland in the movie!
thank ye kindly!
I'm just relieved that nobody really said anything awful about me! YAY!
And mashed potatoes...meaning I'm cooking, listening to MJ and, the food tastes good...Not that I literally put my foot in the food.
disney is so fantastic this time of year !! today in florida Orlando it is 78 and breezy could not be more perfect !!!
yes! you visiting anytime soon?
Ladies & gentleman, this week's winner for first spambot to #ff us: !
What would I do if followed me today..?Most likely scream,cry,jump up and down,and try to grow a mustache :{D Florida,USA!!
Do What You Want, Be What You Are!
Respect those that Respect themselves
It is all coming together you kind of have the beiber bangs
Melissa Schuman of Lady Phoenix never before released single "Don't" now available on Itunes!
I'm bored on at Saturday night...
LorangerChris SCminihuman It's like a reminder, 'oh shit, he's actually a native speaker - I totally forgot that'.
How's the training and diet brother? Arms with Neil Hill and Kris Gethin other day. 700 reps, gym 110 degree inside...lol
because you don't want to get that late text, that say I think im late text lol ha
nice. Uh no invite? lol.
Trying to research Chinese architecture and I keep getting photos of #Disney… Oh, America.
Lady Antebellum: "R&B has it's roots in the South, along with country music." Uh, ix-nay on the avery-slay...
Happy Thanksgiving from the entire Nighthawk family!
I'm a psychologist. I study behavior patterns. I notice when something is out of the norm and what that probably means.
Book participant Jeff Duncan, and clan have a gig tonight w/ at the Key Club in Hollywood. The band RULES!
who are you hahaha
I gotta question
YES. PERFECT. THANK YOU.
Fabulous! Congrats!
Thanks! You too!!
: that is where we lose it, by everyone learning on their own there isn't enough sharing of knowledge
I'm not sure which is sadder, that is a serious contender or that won a Congressional primary.
damn u seem so f***** cool please follow me back!!!
happy new year! i hope everyone has an amazing year! be sure to check out the sgh store!
Whaaaa? Not looking forward to figuring out my schedule. MT Chapter Treasurers meeting same time as Business Meeting?
you can have them scan several to make any size donation you want! So easy!
I sat next to some weird girl during lunch and told her she was my date, now she won't leave me alone. She followed me to all of my classes.
lol! U should just make a massive tweet of the definition. Lol. Obviously they don't know about google. Lol
“: Such a random group but I'm excited for this weekend! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0097>”
hahah #nocomment once again, good thing no one will be there
As to the youthful indiscretions of presidential candidates:, we shouldn't necessarily choose the one who's done the least cocaine.
I so glad God gave me this talent. My composition of music is on a level of its own S/O the
not an option bro
how's the Vic doing? Anymore Stinky Gringo nights?? Lol!
I hate being sick
i wear wateva i want.
I promise I will win this game for you. I'm going to do my best today & it's all for you. You will always be in my thoughts. <3
I hope everyone stayed safe with Irene!
Thought I lost my wallet before taking prospective clients out to lunch. Found it in my pocket
Going to the Arnold Expo? I used to go every year...its a blast
#ThingsIGetALot; "You're short!" #STFU, everyone knows lol. Thank you for stating the obvious. ;p
#Hairballs? #IBD? #SlipperyElm powder is safe for #Pets and their devoted humans, too! #HerbalPetFirstAid tip from
iheartonenote.com Tell-A-Friend Contest is in full swing - check it out at w.iheartonenote.com - see who is ahead
Thanks for follow, Greg! I hope you can still come to the Creative Placemaking Workshop at #Hampden Family Center tomorrow, 6-8PM
NEW YRS RESOLUTION..to see and meet the and Tattoo Tuesday may just spread the wurd;)
I feel like RNG went home.. :'((
thx for mention!
We are excited to announce that we will be rolling out a new site with special features for all the fans out there next week! Stay tuned!
Thanks and see you on the west coast this summer!
I actually did get spine. Lol.
so true! Rt: The best academy, a mother's knee
Let's go Nuggets!!
Wait...God is "trending" on Twitter?
hey my dad said he might be able to get a spot for you. He wants you to call him. I guess I'll just message you the number?
PS- 99.9% sure that was Damon's blood that turned Elena since we saw him donating to Meredith. Sire bond sexiness?
Flops on flops on flops. Wow Miami.
See you at karaoke tonight! 685 Sutter street. What song should I start with?
Change came when I least expected it. Game on!
Did Kenny Albert really just say "the Devils take advantage of the universe"? Yikes.
hahahaha yeah she's got an iPhone now! I'm still shocked
Nightmare on Elm Street: Dream Warriors. Campy horror and I laughed a lot. It's that or I need therapy.
Nuggets played great but the Lakers sleepwalked for 44 minutes. Good news is Ron Artest won't have to miss any games against OKC.
Friends are like potatoes. When you eat them, they die.
Pickup this week's & read Hemon's 'The Aquarium' "One of the most despicable religious fallacies is that suffering is ennoble.."
my chocolate cocaine in her feelings lol
Terminal 2 at SFO now has a YOGA ROOM. In addition to raw food, Blue Bottle, gluten free cupcakes + Cowgirl Creamery.
i smoke weed by myself anyway
I'd rather them audit for the money before asking for more revenue. City's too pricey as it is.
Oh well I expect so. How could a girl ever love a lier? :P But thank you :D xoxo
Whatever you guys so are the Titans every Playoff Season...Pens will be back.but the Titans will still golf
didn't tryed talk to the moon cause i knew that if i tryed it you were not trying like me.
Twin peaks lol
wut color did you get
#ACA making health care available to millions;now isn't the time to let employers, insurance co.'s deny access to critical services
too bad I quit Spanish this year...but I'd rather learn on my own without the pressure of a grade!
Me nd ray havin a conference meeting on this game injury.
I have no clue haha
Noted...that UI is definitely going to change :)
The same to you my dear Andras!!!!! Many blessings
as hot as ever ;)
Mitch Daniels looks like one of those aliens from close encounters of the 3rd kind.....
: Happy B-day Ty!
Honey? Do we have any drachmas?
My Birthdays next month.! The countdown beqins
A poor 10 minute sequence can't undo 60+ great hours of content over 3 games. Disappointing? Yes. Would play again? Absolutely.
peace follows the prayers of a humble and contrite heart.
Merry Christmas And happy holidays!
Correction: Matty C will be on the radio at 8:20!
AHA! you said "get off me" im rubbing off on you :*
Never too early to start training RT : Adding breakdance to my growing list of skills needed for next years
Already here. (But not going out tonight because I'm old and nocturnal and want to get up in the morning.)
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them? -Buddha
Recently Said This Business is 90% Business & 10% Talent,Lindsay Lohan Is Suing Him Again Saying This Guy Just Wont Stop
hope you are ready for the steryotypes that come with
Your* I typed that out entirely too fast.
Wow people are lame arguing over a game
Every weekend I'm moved to say the same thing: there's just no better show on TV than
Out of nowhere, I received an $8 check from CafePress. Haven't sold anything there in at least two years.
With the success of your app you'll never need to interview for another job.
Everybody has a girlfriend or boyfriend, and I’m just over here like 'I love food'.
Dont take it personal if I don't always text you back or even text you at that.. I dont like texting unless I really like you or have news.
Chris Brown got his nose pierced.. what the actual fuck..
Confucius say: tying a mattress to the car roof is better than rain dance
Wednesday girls night!
? RT : Whose the guy seated at the press table wearing the ultra-dark shades? Reminder: the game's indoors
had a fuckin test 2 day
When you purchase any tile from Byrd you qualify for a 10% off discount on any Cote D'Azur fixturing from
fast rapping <<<
Good to hear u liked it. I've shot a lot for them. r great people.
Great shot! Now we have to get Ben Franklin to join Twitter.
RT : That squirrel was running away because he knew if he stuck around, La Russa would have brought him in to face a lefty.
Law of Biomechanics - The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the reach.
I've got a great joke if you need it.
Happy late Birthday by the way :)
That's just nasty baby that last tweet
thanks to all the international brands showing love.
Is this where Wayne Larriver calls a reverse dagger?
Getting busy printing some new stuff for Trying to pass the time before the big game.
Could you tell me a bit more about Pandora and Camera+?
Good job #jenniferhudson !!!
wow! That's awesome! How many screens is that total?
so why hold back?
just this morning i was wondering "who will be the bright archivist to get a jump start on this collection?"
Quick!!! Everyone freak out about the fights
League of legends...but its becoming starcraft
ha alright. I'll try to visit both, just woke up so give it time :)
You keep counting... because I won't! :)lol!
Shaviro: Physical science cannot describe interior qualities, only external, relational, and structural realities.
we need to chill !
Good Nights.
RT : Happy birthday! Thanks for using the tag! #WeekendOutlook << Thanks!
Does anyone else think that the guys on "American Pickers" should get first crack at the folks' houses on "Hoarders"?
RT : RT : You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice. LOL!
- runnin a farm here in Pittsburgh! We slaughtered the last 2 mentioned though...
When a chick msges u and say: i want sex. -_____- bitch, Im. Fuckin.Gay.
Hire a teenager when they still know everything.
Carrot addiction? Haha I wonder what else she does with those carrots!?
However, when we take down pages about advisories, we post notices that the advisories are lifted in place (active for 3 days).
Listening to eminem....amazing!!!
Are you getting one? They look awesome.
Even tho porn & gambling are such "bad" things--are their major profits a sign that people still want to do rebellious things?
Is possible to conceive of the self as a stranger bearing strange ideas?
Ur still a part
oh so u watched bof?
Whos gotta do a bunch of crap tomarrow that they don't want too??? I know I do
from , "Be platform agnostic."
Yay its on!
Endless are the blessings of those who believe
Elite 8 here we come.
that's funny!!
i was so mad last night i was having bad dreams and everything. i scratched up my face in my sleep. :/
#ithoughtyoulookedgood and i was right(:
It fustrate's me when my parents dont give a shit about the good things im accomplishing but its all good im doing this for me ! yollow
YOUR ON THE RADIO AGAIN!!!(: #BOYFRIEND <33 I LOVE YOU!!! #FOLLOWME ?
just received the brochures and sample packs you sent for my support group. Thank you for your help and support!
Great few days. Successful trade show & spent a bit of time AL & MS: the last two states needed for a full 48 contiguous state set.
what are you studying for ?!
Wishing bought me my vitamin water she owes me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
With those teams and pseudo-star players, it's easier to chuckle about lightheartedly. Talent level leaves us wanting here.
Yay, thank you Meals on Wheels volunteers! You rock!
I just want my daddy <3 ):
Loving our party image graphic on our DL packaging. Will be revealing soon!!
Archivists: Know of a good source 4 postcard sleeves that are 3 5/8 x 5 3/4, sealed on 2 sides, and heavyweight? No luck w/H-ME or Gaylord.
Windows open at work. What a beautiful day.
<U+271E> just because i'm so religious and shit.
#Oomf said he about suck a some #peacock in the bathroom and ASKED me can I be the lookout... I'M LIKE CHILD PLZ, HELL NO!
Good Thursday morning to ALL. Be productive.
How awful! Such a terrible thing to do...
Sex offender? Are you a child?
Not that I'm in jail or anything
o, I'm allergic to heights. I'll catch you when you land!
wats up boss
thanks man!
I really dnt like android I'm going back to iphone..
Everyone be quiet we have to be up early.....
Kicked out of Central Park. The great lawn is tasty.
Watched the 2 hour season premiere of #TerraNova and calling it a night. Good night all! ;)
RT : Never take life too seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway. Author Unknown
spanks! I plan on spooning my roomies cat. He's the best little spoon ever. He even rests his head on my arm/pillow
We <3 ur #bloggers. The most creative, innovative people ever. Stay tuned for crazy, funny, awesome stuff!
and ppl get a lot of mail in one week when it's over. Not like those drag-of-a-week when you get nuthin' !
Happy Birthday to my oldest daughter who is 19 today.. which means im old as s@
y didn't u take it?
Mussle Monday. Think tall glass of wine and three options for mussels. Happy hour is getting happier.
The summer's first cottonwood fluffs drift heedlessly toward the nostrils of their fate.
No Hudler for the 2nd day in a row! Things are lookin up.
How did your kid do in the movie? We wondered about taking the 6yo.
Thank you! That means a lot to me.
I hate my dad so much right now.
hahaha I was dying
I wish could come to Hawaii!!! I would really love to see them in concert...can i get a shoutout??
Looking forward to seeing you!
There seems to be a virus spreading through the neighborhood.
Look under your chairs everbody! You're getting an iPod touch!!!!
Hey there, (Hoot_of_Loot), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
did not know MD had so many wineries excited to check them out decanter
Talking about Coltrane. Getting the hang of this lol
just say it?
send your project to when you are done with it!
Happy Valentines Day! Date night tonight? Oh oh, what to do w the munchkins? www.MunchkinMinders.com
Still thinkin.........should I keep it going???
No problem. Great session.
10 dollar buckets all night. It's a wrap food truck at 7!!
"If it was bad, you'd get diarrhea, you wouldn't die" - my Japanese co-worker commenting on my soy milk
i might not even get to 9th grade with my friends!
"The body can heal itself when given the right conditions. What are the right conditions for you?" ~Dr. Reginald Worrel, Jr, My Life Coach!
IAmMikeKennedy I bet you can't. In fact, I bet the only thing that'll make you feel better is beer and chicken wings.
Hi Eddie Thanks for following!
My Baby is content on going 2 party 2nite @ crazy rays 0.o
Wow we are closer than I thought :) yay....Since I've more time I grabbed extra bourbon
Brownie is the shit.
I had paused the game.. So I know I'm late.
This week we're visiting #SouthAfrica #Rwanda, exploring opps for collaborative partnerships with at
They're parents from school. I've never heard Adele talk. Do you know 3 of the top 10 karaoke songs in the UK are hers?
They mad cuz they not us
Finally starting to get through to this survey class. Drawing some sparks from that extinguished hearth.
Goodnight Mikey! Sweet dreams <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Retard cat takes after his owner...chewin' on batteries n shit
Enjoyed seeing Todd Rundgren on Tuesday night! It was a great show!
Happy Mother's Dayy :-)
Counting down to Crown and Coke...2 1/2 more hours
ack! however this reverse scrolling in hoot suite is pretty confounding
No prob! Do you know when we get the shirts?
For those in Brooklyn NY watching fireworks, there is some kind of factory fire or something in Williamsburg right now.
i know. what sucks is that ill have to wait till next january to get 1 lol. ill prob be busy with the marine corps this fall
Hopefully doesn't hate on me for my last tweet...
no no don't worry about it! and oh theres a contet on who can get the most likes on there fb page gets a prize!
followed :D
NorthPoint playing this Sunday Aug 15 2010 at Portland Saturday Market SW 1st and Ankeny downtown, noon-4pm. Come join us in the Oregon sun!
Or maybe she can hang out with a deer and hope a hunter gets her.
$5 Gyros from 11am - 4pm. Tell me that doesn't cheer up your Tuesday afternoon!
not happening lol
Had a great time at gym. :)
Today we get a lesson in NE winds! Went from 69 to 56 from 4 to 5am in #mke!
Nothing interesting, u?
I'm tired of seeing that same damn Willy wonka picture with new words on it everytime
I still can't believe it all though so how are you?
Tix are claimed, guys. sorry. Enjoy the show, !
Supporting the boys was the best move Ive ever made (: #ForeverSupporting1D xx
who is that? Lol
Sluggish (n): What slugs speak.
We are a new cidery in Philadelphia, PA, USA. Nice to meet you!
Chargers 20 Cardinals 0 uh oh......
I believe so... Another cassadine?? Wat u think
tables, fruits, and lean meats. Cut back on empty calories like sodas and processed foods.
Really wants to get out and do something today.
Cheers too many more!! Sorry so darn late!! Get u a milkshake lol
Getting ready for the ride home!
Sex and the city w britany and Mia at work <3
Proud to see #dbualum leading! RT : Great wkend ministering in ATL! 3 buses on their way back to Dallas. Pray for safe travel!
- strange choice.
is looking for a #Genesys #Call #Center #Delivery #Manager and a #Genesys #Systems #Analyst for an exciting company in Foster City
I swear i couldnt be anymore ampt !!
"You can make all kinds of algorithmic adjustments, but manual touch-ups always help."
Dig deeper. don't make a decision based on your own feelings.. You will find what you have been searching for! What u do 4 Christ will last!
The weather is perfect for a game of chess in Rittenhouse Square. Stop by Holt's Cigars on Walnut Street & pick up our impressive set!
Playing drums for the great Aunt Martha tonight @ Apple store! 9th ave and 14th st. 7:30 pm
DOJ Clarifies Meaning of 'Rehire' for I-9 Purposes
I live for this shit
I hate homework.
I'm gonna unfollow if you dont stop retweeting all that. ITS ANNOYING!
maybe she likes your twitter.
Think about it! "Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure". M.Williamson
If I got a tweet from I would probably pass out.
#ToyotaAztecTriviaTime Coach Fisher was named NABC District Coach of the Year. How many total wins has Fisher coached the #Aztecs to?
What's good new follower?
Dont know what to do, take it up in prayer.
Hey Damien, thanks for the follow!
i say ima txt yuh ..rite after we got off dah fone... um
lol crazy huh
Yeah. And that paywall is a barrier to public participation. TS has the best letters, it could have the best comments.
it's mesmerizing
Why does Bynum have gray hairs?
He'll be out a while, maybe even career ending b/c he already had bad knees.
Roses are red, violets are blue, shopping local is awesome, banking local is too.
You can also find them at any Firehouse Subs
Fear not, the good people welcome new friends.
Oh I get twitter now. I'm just supposed to tweet what's on my mind: Boobs.
was that pic recent?
lol! Glad I could bring u some laughter and a smile!!!
What can't I get followers? I'm a nice person. Is because I'm quiet? Tweet...Tweet...Tweet. How's that? :)
It's his last game!
Amen, sister! RT: Can someone get this Internet away from me?
Love you, your politics and your taste in music...bliss!
Playing an FPS in some ways is just like life. Either way, the goal is to aim high.
Mark Jordan and MINI Cooper Countryman: Capturing beauty and poetry on film is a hallmark for International Hall of Fame Orange Count...
Yeah, I see you're standing too!
Good thoughts,energy,& blessings to you.
All day. We have to collab in the near future. We are based in ATL
Full Throttle TV has come to NHRA.com. See hot new video features, including interviews with Tony Schumacher and other stars of the NHRA
thx for the follow (: now about ? (:
#NowFollowing Support my girl ~~~> Follow now #freaks sex toys on deck
We understand... Sorry to hear about your loss!
Hells YES!! That's what I'm talking about. ANd I honk the D is going to be way better, no more antiquated scheme, blitz
We LOVE the video! Thank you so much - we're so glad the service has been meaningful for you.
Kanye's a genius
TONITE Check Out our NEW SATURDAY SPOT! ALLURE 2224 ELM Downtown!3 Levels w/ 3 Different Vibes!BEAUTIFUL NEW CLUB in Downtown Dallas!
I'm having problems installing MMS. Have latest version of Adobe Air and I've tried all the download links...get errorred out.
I`ve actually seen Ovechkin head-hunt/charge in person. Never gets called.
Yes!!!! We need a kick returner and punt returner! And another weapon for Aaron!!! Go Pack Go!!!
How and where do we go to catch "the Boss" here at #sxsw ?
Learning about the science of santa clause at #thirstdc w/
A wise man Will make more opportunities than he finds...
Warning... Do not clean the floor on your hands and knees with bleach....while wearing nice pants
uploading photos
I shall cut #jaxshow some slack. He's a great TV personality & he's a nice dude. Met him before at an event. This is temporary truce.
You can suspend Raffi Torres for the rest of the playoffs and id be fine.
Suck my Cockiness and Lick my Persuasion.
here's an idea, no record, I don't pay you
aw haha that is sweet *giggles*
Bank error in your favor receive $20
Puerto Rico with Linds
I love your imagines they are freaken AMAZING <3
lol haters going to hate
#OH I'm probably the only person that's flattered when someone takes the time to post comment spa on my blog...
Wish work could get done from patio somewhere today! Lovin the temp
good lookin out!
I was going to post "rootcanal 1, hydrocodone 0" but hydrocodone took offense & rallied back. I've been working on this tweet for 20 min.
Like do you not know im not going to read this.
lol that still cool me too :)
thanks for the RT BIG D!
I don't even care, it's just the fact that he lied to me about it.
: Evening Grace, Patriots all:
I dig the way you think!
Thank you for sharing!
LOL! I knew it! You gave off a jeddi vibe
oh sweet jesus. harry take me away pleasee. uhfffffffffff. wouldn't mind having all of them actually. zayns a sex god too.
Music is your own experience, your thoughts, your wisdom. If you don't live it, it won't come out of your horn. —Charlie Parker
Stop stress the way is Praise God and exercise!
With Peter at Kaldi's. He's drinking root beer and I'm drinking an americano. JE is interviewing for a job in Newcastle.
I've read some pretty twisted things too
Lady GaGa is a mess!!!!!
did well with 300 new followers from #sharktank, but did you see added over 60K followers.
& I OFFICIALLY. HATE MYH FRIENDS! !!!
pretty much.
God gives you righteousness for your wrongness!
Running out of room for followers-that means I need to build up-well over 1,000 now-THANK YOU ALL! Keep up the love!!!
lets drink and listen to brand new.
Check out the sale @ threadless.com
So many dimes in 1 room Unreal
Thanks bro!
“I don’t let my mistakes define me, I let them remind me
Speaking of brain-poison, vim has me at the point now where I try to :wq out of IM conversations.
from what I've seen, you have an amazing music taste doe
Sometimes a majority only means that all the fools are on the same side
and we miss you!
Where is the cheapest sandwich place in Seattle?
thanks J!!
We are so sorry about that. We'll be sure to let our chef know.
Heading out of town?
Thanks to our new follows.
ur weight lifting diet
Well, I guess that would be our Ghost Bus Tours pretty much :) RT : A ghost trail- sounds spooky!!
Thanks so much for the RT! I hope the post was helpful. :)
What up #RObotz?! How you all doin' today? :)
Happy International Potter Day my Fellow Potterheads!! <3
Happy New Year!!
If you become more concerned for the welfare of others, you will experience a sense of calm, inner strength and self-confidence.
It ain't yo spit game it's yo dick game.
We just finished the film. Ready for world wide distribution! Check in for the latest news
I think I can live with it, but paper airplane guy is so much cooler. Something to shoot for :)
Sean - terrific job tonight my friend...you're #1 in Impressions with 1M!! Wow - thx so much for all you do for TChat!
ah! Next time you'll have to meet us for a drink
God made Marijuana, Man made alcohol. Who do YOU trust?
Yes! RT : Tuesday IS The New Monday!
FOLLOW US if you're interested in
Keep doin you Real Deal Davis....you makin the whole city proud right now...great game
my phone is off:/
I feel like it smh ._.
tablet and print, mostly print
lol good morning love. did you enjoy your mother's day?
you said on MTP this morning, wisdom comes from fear? That's exactly the problem of religion in general, esp your faith. It's >>
Sounds delightful but you're giving me a panic attack.
What is going on outside?
Eight 49ers, three Raiders named to Pro Bowl
u should make more ustreams and post the time an app on twitter soo we all know wen and im srry to bother u if u dont want to
My biggest role model is my mom Shes the strongest women I know,My sister is stronger than I thought <3 I get my strenth from these 2ppl....
#WordPress #Tools Akismet Spam Count – Show off your Akismet spam power and let spammers know you’re protected from their attempts.
I'm living life right now man and this is what imma do until it's over....and it's far from over
Among all legal immigrants, coming every year to the USA, near 10% are refugees and asylum seekers.
Vote for Wisconsin Lt. Governor on May 8th!!!
VALENTINE'S DAY: Only 5 reservations are still available for the 6:30 pm dinner seating! Give us a jingle (773-276-7110) to reserve.
Shoutout to two wonderful followers and -- go follow them!
Yess, this is true. ;)
Getting ready to play modern warfare 2 . Hell yeah
Why mfs always think "i miss u" does anything for a woman!? Nigga, go miss ur wife, THEN "miss" me wit that bullshit!
"All memory is fiction." #quote Keith Richards
ugh i attempted making fried rice, it came out like shit >.>
Austin's been #salty ;)
Being a grandparent is one of the greatest joys!
Answer: Birds sing and the air smells sweet. Question: What happens after it rains?!!! I had forgotten :(
i've fallen in love with tumblr
: Lmaao remember when I checked that army suit???
Here, they go to chairs of depts, or deans.
need more followers fuc wit ya boy
Packed at the shop. Waitin on smoke Dizzle to fade me up.
Brilliant article in AMA Marketing Management on segmenting customers by "sensory perception"...and its benefits
If you love trance follow me :-)
I had plans for today, then changed them to accomodate some1, who's now cancelled. So 2day I stay in my pjs w/coffee,bible &
There will be rehearsal this wednesday evening, unless another unsuspected thunderstorm decides to hit again
Turn it around Dude, Think: At least you get to wake up! Think positive - "What can you do today to make an impact?"
6th ticker-tape parade in 15 years (4 Yankees, 2 Giants) - it never gets old!
i can wait for trick or treat time so let me know if you feel the same way pimp me at i just addeed all my new followers
So true - nothing drives me crazier than "that's just how it's always been done!"
RT : Need new stuffing ideas? Check out delicious Spanish-style paella stuffing from 's
I WISH I KONW U PERSONAL
Houston Yates will face Dallas Kimball on Sat. at 3:30 p.m. My Dallas friends are already talking noise. Can't wait to get to ATX
The sweetheart jeans look awful on me -- I guess because I'm short, the waist hits me in the wrong place. Way too high.
cody simpsons cousin
hahaha it's been a min since i've let u kno. So i had to. Ha & u never told me ur sign.
Tweeting photos: worth 1000 words (but don't spam)!
That is bad! I didn't think it was possible
Just remember that she's always the Seinfeld...and your more of a George
Agreed! RT : tweetchats w/ chosen topic & even panelist would be grt and easier to promote
Write your sad times in the sand so the pain will wash away and write your happy times in stone, so the memories will never fade.
Thanks! I'm telling myself that even if I don't get selected, it's a good learning experience.
which pic is it?
PickUpLine: Those are nice jeans, do you think I could get in them?
Dear Facebook, your iPhone app is horrifically slow. To the point I want to uninstall it. That's kind of unacceptable.
and you'll get the first autographed copy!
“: “: did you leave undies in the men's room?” is responsible.” #minibrief strikes again!
Well if you get too sad there are lonely telephone poles here in Austin just waiting for good company.
If you can listen to the opening bars of 'lonely boy' without cranking it louder you need to reevaluate.
I followed
if they didn't cut away from your interview with wrap-it-up music, they're probably seriously considering you
Hey #Conan, my hubby has the same tie that you're wearing tonight... Great fashion sense
throw in a job search (and subtract a few articles) and I am right there with you!
Sweet. I always put them on when we're in EPCOT's Norway pavilion while mumbling "Kill da wabbit" too and no one gets the joke.
We like the way you think, Emma! :)
Friday I washed my car that included windows in/out side also did laundry today is cleaning & I might have to take a nap before I tackle tht
For the love of God
What is more wrong: Destroying the city with a deathly pension budget? Or taking away guaranteed City pension?
ill be on a boat for the next week touring the south waters...videos shall follow!
?#GOP argues #unions irrelevant b/c gov't regulates workplace while simultaneously repealing workplace regulations
I have a new show idea that will change the way magicians look at magic and our wold. My newest show will be more than a magic show! I need…
TONIGHT! We're back with , clowns, , + guest co-host Jen Curran of ! 11PM at ! BELIEVE IT.
Any libraries or big brands using #Pinterest yet? Got account to explore. Like early FB, corporate/institutional use seems like a force-fit
R.I.P to ten year old Jasmine, who hung herself because she was getting bullied. RETWEET if you have a heart, and your against bullying .<U+2665>
I love this! thx. "the days when writing flows and the days when writing is hard all look the same in the finished draft."
So you're on the Twitter-machine, eh?
I just got Punk'd, I have the worst roommate ever! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
YOU GON' LEARN TODAY SON!
Just realized that I'm missing new tonight. But I'll be watching first thing tomorrow
So does the rotation, the defense, and the offense. Doesn't matter.
I really don't get why everyone was so mad at Michael Vick for dog fighting he was just playing real life Pokemon
We just wanted to say have an amazing run today Sara and Susie! Sara is running her first 10k today! You go for it!
I am interested in follow4follow? do you or no? If you need more follows try the site on my profile :)
Thanks for following!
peace everybody have a great day u to Big_ju42
that was the worst Call Tho
That awkward moment when u say good night and can't stop tweeting
Me and My Partner on the road bout to set the stage on fire in memphis
Cool! I met Jon Voss of at #thatcampsf today. Is USC contributing images to the platform?
You gotta take the good with the bad,Happy with the sad.
#20ThingsAboutMe I cant go a day without listenin to my music!
i got one do u have facebook
Great art. Free booze. Great people. What more do you want?
I had fun with you! RT bound with !!!!!! Maybe a stop to see family too!
Evans says 44 prof theatres in dc. Up by 10 from last year. Think we are one of them?.
"Be nice to nerds. You may end up working for them. We all could." -Charles J. Sykes
Such a great answer. RT : "I was just being a teammate" talking of the ARod moment. Love ya Tek.
TB: Reflects on the opportunity to collect objects from Public Enemy's
Jesus: You must ask Me to cover you with My Holy Spirit for discernment with humility and purity of soul.
Starbucks?!?! Lol I will stick to be being the backbone of the service department at Lexus haha
Fuck yeah, I'm wearing my LAKERS jersey right now, I represent all season long & I go OT with my gear in the playoffs,Revenge Tonight.LAKERS
On the road to vegas today! Left at 6am, but still managed to be on the road with lots of crazy folk. I always thought crazy slept in
But not really, you say the nastiest shit in bed and that's fucking awesome.
My #fav at #Onstage was (of course!)
"I-I love you like a love song babyy & I keep hitting re-peat-peat-peat-peat-peat." AHH! This is my shit!! Imma start dancin in a sec.
thank u for everything you've done!
is this tonight? cause I'm finishing a bottle of soju right now lol
finally having a baby!
hello how are...would like to speak with you this week if time is available
Think you can't afford to fix up your house ? You can't if you try to the old fashioned ignorant way...
Awesome! Happy New Year, Tye - looking forward to seeing you!
The #jets making another terrible move getting Tebow
All these Haitian tweets >
Fact- the security at barney's warehouse sale is more intense than TSA.
rain on me
haha. sure thing. I do tweet from time to time. Did an initial twitter binge for HELP a couple months back.
REUNITED AND IT FEELS SO GOOD!
happy birthday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <33333333333333333333333
I'm glad, and I'm great. thanks for asking
Ha, I like that. Could be a goldmine.
Some 27-year-old dude just landed in a helicopter on the Bachelorette. CHRISTIAN GREY????!!
...Day 16...217.0...praise the lord and thank you baby jesus...lol...apple day was an success...
hello saturday : )
Heat playin scary right now
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.
hahahha yeah its who thinks will be better than his rankers do, not a start / sit.
Got my google drive! ... lets see if there is ANY difference between this and dropbox?
love it!
wth giants we needed you to win today
you started it so bye.
does anyone know how to embed comments from a wordpress blog into an html widget for another website?
I prefer math that ends with 'ish'.
Sushi, Sade and John Legend? Best.Night.Ever.
“: My only good advice today is for you to follow the great and learn more about her important work.” Done!
Thanks! We're happy to help!": Thanks to for helping set apart from our competitors..."
Work out time. Back to the grind
Interesting that ESPN's main broadcast this afternoon is the Gleneville/Dwyer game at the shoe. Good job Herbstreit.
yes of course :) you love old hollywood movies? Do u also like breakfast at tiffany's or some like it hot?? :)
no no no lol
Yes: McNabb is playing. Vick's first pass was a touchdown.
Road trip! The morning show Mikes and I are headed to NYC Sunday to go behind the scenes of the Early Show on CBS.
I think they need to play more commercials during March Madness
Crazy clown time!
If a picture is worth a thousand words what's a video email worth?
I don't know why, I've been craving peanut butter all day...
just cooked a yummy fish dinner - crusted with salt & vinegar kettle potato chips! yum!
That was amazing! I missed James Massone :( lol he's so good!
Thank you for the mention! Enjoy your Monday!
Who do you want to see us interview? What prizes would you like to get? Let us know!
Shine responsibly Morgan! :)
Dang I was Follower 995. 995 don't mean nothin'!
WSJ: a lesson from China. Disagree with the radicals in charge and be dubbed a criminal. Then have your twitter account erased. ,)
Sorry that happened to you:( ...........unless I misunderstood then nm.
Congratulations , you are a 21st century reporter! See you on FB. :o)
#SignsAPersonCantCook when the dog won't even eat the scraps.
dude I wanna get nose mannys and hang 5s!!!
I'll pass on that Road Trip! ^DD
How had I forgotten how wonderful wine is? It's absurd that I've only been drinking coffee at night. I need to start some new habits!
me too! Blessings
I see that you have a lot of packaging available do you work with FIBC's or Gaylord's?
We agree: IS gorgeous on our cover!
special shout-out to for being wife material.
Yeah true ,but fine is a good start lol
Sometimes, we need to lose what we love in order to truly appreciate it.
Rappers today talk about beatin pussy up & how they blow $ on 25 cars; Tupac was preaching about tolerance and respect.
Ima be the first to tell Happy Birthday. Ima call him at 11:58 , his phone line better be open too (:
Down To Film?
man, today is just one of those days....
So i see you got your merch from them that you wanted(;
"Redesign" may not be the best word. "Fine-tuning" might be a better description. The gator logo is going. Just isn't working
you did really good tonight! <21
long way to go in the year
Yes that would drive me crazy listening to the drill. LOL
Peeps are known for being limited in their acting.
A candlelight vigil for Yashanee Vaughn slated for 6pm at NE 92nd and Russell. We'll have a live report at 6.
hey don't foget to try and get the B's!! Please!!
Starbucks is sexy... and they know it.
I'm going to be on in 5 minutes! Listen live on SiriusXM Patriot.
Happy New Year!
Thanks for all your support. Check out if you haven't. we are playing his release at Crofoot fri 27
thank you so much for your lyrics. You're my biggest inspiration and I look up to you more than anyone or anything.
I'm sad to hear that Steve Jobs has passed away. What a legacy he leaves. Amazing accomplishments. RIP Steve Jobs.
Michael Franklin: need higher level ways of describing data analytics tasks (and their implementation).
Come meet "The Man of Steel" Richard Serra at the opening of "Richard Serra Drawing" tonight at 6pm
Thanks. Wish they could share this more broadly.
KISS MY BELIEBER ASS
I'm all for the men, and Dads are great, but woman's job is harder b/c she really can't take a break, even when she tries.
Oh work. I smell like coffee now :P
Huh? what? sorry, still stuck on those shoes you want....
I'm just SO very proud of you. I can't wait to catch up! Sooner than later? No? Lol
U/D Baylis - Fire thru the roof, request *2ND ALARM*
The 's ebook looks good, and happily, as interesting for their approach to content as for the novelty of digital publication!
Just a guy who lives in Vegas that tweets people who tweet about Vegas :)
Yeah ! Yeah #Castle! Well-deserved!
"Male rats like romeo will mount any rat that comes its way"- yeah that sounds about right :p
Anywho what to do on a Tuesday. ?! Lol
Aw, thanks and Thanks for your support getting us here.
two dinners this week?! #rucky you
mine i send u the link
Looks like a warmer, more humid pattern about ready to take hold over the next week-10 days.
Happy birthday Ollie!!!! How old r u now? 15, sweet 16? right?
Took a lot less 15 years ago. All I'm saying. Of course we could actually afford tickets then @ old Miami Arena too
is nearing the Himalayas. I expect some most awesome AI/bot tweets soon.
Bonding time!
sweet! thanx for the follow \m/
My mom is too much
Its just reprehensible how corrupt, dishonest the press is about this POTUS, excuse
lol but im like h.... i gotta hunch! lol how come its not changing?
Need to figure out which devices, explain value of skill. Do you grade mobile research or is it extra credit?
story havin cook out. Playin mamasox music some brothers apear yo who is that ? Crystalbowersox i said dang! That mama ...
My life is so completely a country and western song. #justwishitwasmorelikefaithhill's
SWEET HONESTY 3 PIECE......9.99 Brochure price, for the next 24 hours, I will sell them for $7! HUGE DEAL!
I love my electric toothbrush, but sometimes I just have to break out the acoustic.
The next #UConnFootball game watch is set for Noon tomorrow Stop by to watch our beat Syracuse!
didnt say it.
we are still trying to figure this jazz out
Thanks to all my followers. May you be blessed during the holidays and the joy of Christmas light your life.
and i dont have any <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
austin carter mcqueen mahone. i think? D:
Same here and you know what. I do remember reading this. I am over 40 you know so I forget easily. LOL
Way to nice out to do this paper I'll start it later
Final camp electric worship session. ): i'm coming home!
Just when you think Adobe can't sink to new lows you have to collaborate over Connect. At least it is better than MS Lync
Nice pic, BTW! However ... I know those faces ... I smell trouble!
If you could erase memories would you do it?
One of my fav instructors! RT : TGIF! Hope e'body has a GREAT weekend! Hope to see you Sunday at Dance Stop!
It was powerful, wasn't it?
The Things You Act Like You To Good For And Won't Do..Somebody Else Will !
My answer on to: How much for a simple divorce in Starke, Fl - The cheapest way would be to file all of the pap...
I got to meet you at the show in Atlanta, & I just wanted to say, you're super nice and amazing at what you do. Fucking badass <666
Holy crap, Space Jam is on CN.
good! How about you??!:)
ya we should have :)
Enjoying this most excellent day!
not yet. you should read Revelation some time. Jesus totally pwns satan in the end. Anyway, Satan is just a fallen angel
Retargeting's is only half of it. When companies retarget with a smart creative strategy, they always outperform the competition
Bring home that bacon! RT Just won 82 bucks on the fifty-fifty at bowling tonight. Thanks dad.
I think I would literally cut off a limb to shoot the NHL Winter Classic.
There were moments of hope, but for the most part we watched helplessly as the market moved in the wrong direction.
BB in the house!! “: Hi ladies, how u doing'??!! RT“ dianepathieu Hi Stac!!!!””
Hahahaha I ROLLED when I saw it!!
Im That Nigga... U Aint Gotta Tell Me
I wonder what has to say about that article...
There is nothing proportionate about Beth Ditto, and if I was even close to looking like her, I'd ship myself off to fat camp.
Your thighs were made for cheeks to graze.. My lips, your poison, they bring you to your knees. <3
How do you get your foot in the door of a museum? Volunteer, get an internship - do anything!
Lazy 43 mi. to Harper's Ferry along the Mississippi. Climbed in & out of the bluffs along the river for quite a workout. Beautiful, though!
Hey Mama , I wanna scream so loud for you. Cause I'm so proud of you <3
Since you have to do the things you have to do, be wise enough to do some of the things you want to do ~ Malcolm Forbes -- On it!
Billions and billions.
SOD: And I dont know if I can do it Oh no I've said too much, I haven't said enough: losing my religion - REM
thanks for the kind words dudes. Loved your set!
Congratulations! Got more followers than expected, thanks so much for your support, my friends! God bless you~
can you recommend a good colorist in Raleigh taking on new clients? I haven't had much luck finding somebody I love yet!
With knowledge comes confidence.
Alex, what #dirtywork have you done, sir?
Wow, Rangers just got straight-up jobbed by the refs.
or change because their clothes are dirty.? Wait , no ... That's most people. -__-
My life was focused on you for almost a year and now you're gone. You can't even imagine how lost I feel.
Look for Diaz hanging out for The Hunger Games tonight at Baxter 8
I highly encourage all non-profits / charities to register on charity navigator. It gives you credibility.
Hi Joyce, Please check your voicemail. - mike
Álvaro Espinoza? RT : We have officially run out of guys to give Yankeeographies to... David Wells? Really?
Rocky Balboa is real and He is an American Hero,so is Apollo Creed
Phillies fans head for the exits as Mets are about to get the broom out in Philly. #yougottabelieve(inMay)
arCtyC how can you be a die hard ps3 fan if the ps3 came out in 06 .lies lies and more lies
was at CPD CompStat this morning -- Supt. McCarthy and team are using technology and data to inform strategy. Impressive stuff!
I feel like corporate america has consumed me
its all good Marla!
Time to run some errands and get ready for my lesson tomorrow. So ready for the weekend I can't even handle it!!
I had a great time, met some amazing people, and learned new things at the #ideasareworthless conference. Thanks !!
People change. Feelings fade. Lovers drift. Friends leave. Friends become enemies. Lovers become strangers. You’ll be judged. Life Goes On.
#3wordsofadvice liquor before beer.
Looking forward to seeing you there as well!
Just picked up shirts for #SXSW from & ! They look great, thanks for the stupid fast turnaround!
Oh me too! I met him at Teen Hoot this year. It was the best experience ever! <3
Wow long time since I been up here
Literally can't stop watching pawn stars. Breezing through episodes on Netflix.
Sorry, only on Mondays. One week left...
Had a great time playing the 80's party last night with the debut of a new tune. These new songs are sick. Can't wait to record them.
GOD WEAKNESS
So I might be in Pittsburgh next weekend. You're not going to be there then, right? I have lame timing.
Wearing my 'Friday underwear' on the right day for once
$2 TUESDAY ELEGANCE LADIES FREE TILL 11 GUYS $5 $2 DRINKS TILL 12 ( TOP SELF INCLUDED) HOSTED BY DJ ROK & KITCHEN OPEN
You know there's no easy way out even web your mind starts to doubt
I like your song, it should be on the radio.
smoking some ribs and chilling.
TY so much for the RT of my latest blog. I know u help ur students this way! 2gether we make a difference.
-__- YA KNOW, THIS IS WHY I DON'T TALK TO YOU OR EVAN.
if u don't come over, consider our meager friendship over.
- here's a tip, make sure healthcare gets passed.
Has someone done some work on the relationship betw prison guards & domestic abuse. Read Fanon's: The Wretched of the Earth.
first Q: how do you bring the energy every night?
Haaha what did it say?
Responded to FIRE @ 47 Sheffield Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11207 and helped 1 Resident. Red Cross auto update.
SNAP OUT OF IT YO!
saw you RT'd it & thought "why'd this person I respect RT such a dumbassed idea?" glad we're on the same pg.Will cont. w/ respect
TAYLOR AND ED. SERIOUSLY THIS IS JUST FUCKING MAGIC!!!!
do you have a list of all the new packers twitter accounts?
Who will replace Petrino?
The screening went well :) A few tweeks here and there, and we got a winner! In the meantime, off to the next project :)
needs more assignments like this! (though I'm in a suit and tie cause we were at a fancy pants art thing earlier)
My followers share links on: #business, #social, #sustainability, #leadership, #check via - a great tool!
I'm mad at him too!!
I just read a list of 'the 100 things to do before you die'. I'm pretty surprised 'yell for help' wasn't one of them...
We had a great first week of filming, thanks to the whole cast and crew!
was thinking the same thing
of course! I'm counting the days until your arrival!
Happy Birthday Harry!! We love love you!! #happybirthdayhazza ;)
These next three weeks are gonna be crazy!
stranger danger
Church, no
Come see the last show for Diary Of A Catholic School Dropout 6PM @ The Whitmore Lindley Theatre in Noho!
Loving this beautiful #Cleveland #snow! I also love answering Title and Escrow questions. DM and I'll get back to you before it melts!
How about them Rays, they #sweep the Yankees over the weekend, great way to start the season!
What a lively surprise to read that on Twitter, Mr. Lynam! Your students should know that you were a great--and fun--student!
Neat! Orks! With guns! (That's about all I know about WarHammer.)
Beyond the sun, where I could just fade away
I'm obsessed with the Kardashian's. But mosty Khloé.
Good to see that Tony Yayo is alive and as annoying as ever
everything is all bloomy and sweet smelling now, no?
The 900 is fun. I recently realized I could give it verbal commands. It has yet to respond to "Empty the dishwasher."
What is that?
Well I haven't been on here in like 19568395 years
#ThatOnePersonWho no matter were we go ,there going to end up in a argument with somebody period.
on yeah, oh yeah!! Lmao
Bubble tea ;)
Me too... awesome
Did you click on the upload to screencast.com button once finished?
Good morning and welcome to our newest followers and Glad to have you with us!
ill let you know! I still gotta go through the rest!
Been a long week havn't made it to twitter but shout out to my new relevant followers.
You Can Stay Your Funny Acting Ass From Around Me...
Also made it clear to us today that he is only leaving temporarily so he can focus on his own life. So BTTP isn't dead you fucks.
There r sum stupid muphukazn the world
man & I work on not holding it in! That's why I dance 2 get that energy out!
Going to my grandpas for Easter Sunday dinner
We all LOVED you.(Virginia FCCLA) You helped us improve our leadership and plus most of us think your super hot!! Lol!
i think u shud go to sleep than!!....
...my mom just asked me how to spell, "hello" =___=||
So the crew will be meeting up for evem more members! This should be bad!:)
I'd like to get a copy of Malice of Fortune!
"A brand ideal of improving people's lives is the only sustainable way to recruit, unite and inspire all the people a business touches, fro…
your customer service rocks. Thank you!
hmm... Too many cardis! I am the SV almost on the back row. Come find me!
I'm cravin a "date shake" bad. Muchos grande.
RT : It's open call day. That means people are changing their clothes in the parking lot.
"I've made a lot of mistakes, you're not one." :') <3
bro through this I your blog , goodlook www.soundcloud.com/stel412
Hey MN peeps! --> “: YDE recital today! 3 and 7 pm at Visitation in Mendota Heights! Hope to see ya there!”
Sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex baby lets fuck hey baby hey. Baby.we gon fuck like robots..
Going to see Braids and Baths
I will be , pro'ly with a few other #VCU folks -- and as far as I know.
#buyAmerican .. only 2%, YES ONLY 2% of all garments sold in America is #madeinAmerica ..HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE.??
those the magnet bracelets?
going to Akahana on Thurs. with a big group. ;)
Tonight will be rocking to the sounds by ! Ladies get there early...Gents buy a table! Cheers
That was rough. Here's hoping the afternoon intermediate computer class goes better than the morning beginners class.
Glad the #Lakers rallied and took care of business tonight. They can't play like this against OKC though.
Share an updateJust interviewed by Creative Screenwriting magazine in the US. I'll be in the Nov / Dec issue!
thank you... fun is the goal. :)
Could be the 2010 World Cup logo, though.
Amen!! ALL glory to our God
Told myself I wouldn't tweet about kairos before going, obviously I had no idea how it would be or what it would be. #K80 much love.
had a bad day, being sick and all but when I listened to L'assenza, it made me feel so much better. you are truly amazing :)
awww man. Really wish you could. I live by Brooklyn College too.
WHATS UP BRO,IMA BE IN JERZ THIS WEEKEND WHATS THE WORD?
RT if you love Austins covers.
I can't with for American Midlife & American Colostomy and American Assisted Living.
Apparently this is true: Triple A Reading > New York Mets
What a long day! Finally time to relax before bed
Hi Maggs! Welcome back to Wisco!
Is anyone else annoyed by the abbreviations commonly used to refer to their city? I can't stand
it wasn't unusual for rates to stay exactly the same year after year.
"Being 'too nice' is almost a crime these days, because Fake friends are everywhere."
And snow white and the huntsman looks like such a badass movie, even tho the cast blows.
It's amazing to me how many people who tag photos on stock photo sites dont know the diff btwn a cornfield and a wheat field. Really?
Love it! Have a great day fellow #aviation enthusiast!
Wonder how many collection development policies really center on 'cultural heritage'?
Jon Huntsman had a real brain and organized thoughts. He is very INTELLIGENT and that does't fit the GOP STYLE. GOP NEEDS A FIGUREHEAD.
Merry Christmas and Happy Hanukkah
Wango Tango is like a live show with a lot of artist performing!
#NP Fugue in G Minor -- Johann Sebastian Bach
we dont no we still have to try out
a Nigga ain Ben n a minute
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
Only taking two finals next week
please follow back (:
With this tweet, Boys' Latin of Philadelphia joins the world of Twitter.
Don't let squares in your circle....
Headed to Brandon, FL tomorrow for work for my first #RoadShow bit. Something tells me I'll be out of place. LOL
very cool!
Rain or shine for 12 years straight. This Sunday is The 12th Annual Crawfish Boil @ Tobacco Road.
"Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." Thomas A. Edison (1847 - 1931)
:Okay. I'm itching to know what's happening. Don't tell me. Lol
Charging your phone for 5 minutes before you go out because you think it'll make a difference.
THANK YOU for the gorgeous gift basket!!!
Music to listen to in a while scoping out mouthwatering beer spots? Definitely
hahahhaha watching too much "Snapped" lol
"Wow, that's a nice looking pair of crocs!" - Said by no one. Ever.
Check out the #Fathead commercial shoot live today at 3:30pm !
please win urself a bracelet!!! Please!!!! Maybe wait for main event tho*
Haha - so true.
That would be...interesting? a disaster? ________?
If my iPhone comes back on today or somebody sells me 1 this will be the Dopest Mother's Day in world history!! Lbs
I was going to disparage my fellow Americans about National Chocolate Chip Day" but when I switch countries its still there. Screw you all.
today's newsletter is filled with so many goodies! great job, and thank you.
CP how about you send me yours I really need it I want to make some for dinner ": smh"
Hopefully we can be friends again and act if nothing happened.. hoping for the best.
#ThanksForNothing is so god omg
Me 3! Waiting for the power to come back on!
All my texts from this morning coming through now!
KItty, it's a pleasure to follow you. Thanks for your follow.
We too hope you feel better, not only to make it to tonight's seminar, but because feeling sick is the opposite of fun times.
emphasis on connectivity posits future of memory studies in transnational contexts
Havlat!! #Sharks steal one in double OT!!!
I am good, thanks, how r u?
That is not the sexiest thing ever. Not at all, Jessa. There must not never be another pic of you firing a weapon. Not never.
Man I hate when a mf do something wrong and try to flip it on u grow the fuck up
B-Town this weekend?
My mom always wants me to talk to her about boys. BOYS DON'T LIKE ME MOM OK.
Sorry for being distant lately everyone!! How are you all?
REALLY disappointed in the difficulty of the final fight, no way I should have been able to one shot that
LOVE IT! Keep it up!
I've also been on for three years.. I'm about 5k ahead of you ;)
I don't understand
you really are boone. which is good, because we ONLY accept large livers at thatcampcbus. btw, great application.
you bet. Good luck!
Bout to finish packing
Frustrated with all the junk you have to do when you move out of state! Is it all really necessary people?
I should've taken 's advice about not watching this episode. >~<
hey how r u
good thing I didn't know about it or I wouldve become and insufferable stalker...ha!
What do you call a gay drive by? A fruit roll up
All of my co-workers were playing Draw Something at the same time. I thought it was lame.
Home from track <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009F>
And I thought the little girls like Jessica, but it looks like they like Phillip more.
Thats who im with now RT : nope, missed him too :[
Some things in life you can only learn by experience.
hey who's the author? i saw your suggestion after i'd left but i'll be back there soon, wanna see if i can find it.
Everyone's a critic RT There are way too many movie reviews from way too many random movie reviewers. Rotten Tomatoes = Yelp
Betelgeuse looks amazing over the mountains tonight! Bright twinkles of white, orange and red
Boy, meetings take on a different tone when things start looking hopeful. Less asking "how?" and more asking "what and when?"
Trying to figure out what I'm gonna do today.
PUERTO RICO :-)
hahahaha "We on Fiyah, up in here"
Hope he was worth it cause you broke my heart and now you will have to live without me
but yeah I get it. But I don't get it.
I had a dream that me and Harry styles got together so people started threatening me and someone actually tried to kill me but he saved me..
Was blocked from marrying Teri Hatcher. Sad really.RT : Is Dan still married to his first wife?
RT Oh you're a actually ordering food at drunk brunch? Rookie mistake.
m how bout... NO
vehicle trouble
lol...you say that NOW!
Good morning! Today is going to be a good day
Are you really?!
Delaware kills the penalty with ease.
Hello, yes I learned of it yesterday. Sent several apologetic tweets over the course of the evening. Sorry!
#fridayreads Finished In the Woods (Tana French). It's wonderful.
would love to hear it. Check us at diamond-carter.com
RT : In other news,the Equal Protect Clause &14th Am are still on the books,even in NC.Someone should go there& point that out
Building Bridges heard Pittsburghers re: lack of capital. Stay tuned for April 24, 2012 SMALL BIZ WORKS event details
RT : thats why i sent those tweets, haha gotta stay supportive
game of the century
Rest in peace my nigga!
A 2 hour drive is really not that bad but I am pooped anyhow. Z...
lol I noe but r u the one who role-plays Jeremy n lol yea I Noe
Morning Waiting for coffee before heading up to session. Hoping phone/battery hang in
Pamper yourself at one of our full service spas. massage centers or hair salons. BCI has members waiting to serve your needs.
Damn, I hope you're feeling right soon...
What's the over/under of Peyton Manning's name mentioned on-air today?
bro where have you been, you still in Ohio?
Ice T is the best on SVU! His one liners crack me up!
Oh! It all makes sense now...absolutely :)
Thankful for what I have You should be too
My bed is the most comfortable place on the planet. The last 12 hours sealed it.
now that sounds like a productive day! I loved bubbles when i was a Lil guy. Bet your son had a blast :D
Can't deny that I want you but ill lie if I have to cuz u don't say you love me to ur friends if they ask you but we both know you do
Ladies, realize that being sexy has less to do with how u look, and more about how u feel.
Happy Sunday!
it's they're not there
AP: Dow Jones industrial average climbs 200 points
thanks... I've always wanted to visit (and run) in Spain.
Now you're just being ridiculous. :P
fuckin exams can suck my dick. ms. malone is crazy.
I just decided I'm going way more blonde
Cameo's "Word Up" is an amazing song! Brings back so many memories.
Free employee massages at work today? Heck. Yes. Living the high life.
you've still got the Best (west) Coast!
Anybody coming to see us with Chelsea Grin March 25th?
Grand daddy purp>>>>>>
IF YOU NEED A AMAZINGLY CHEAP AIRFARE & HOTEL VACATION PACKAGE BOOKIT HERE @ #
In a day where u dont go across any problems, u can be sure ur travelling in the wrong path
Thanks Kate :)
It has been, they're just as good as you remember! Stop by for dinner and get a free small coffee drink, say "Greg" at the register
Text me.
Just wondering: Since Geo Zimmerman is behind bars, why are Trayvon's parents still making the media rounds and why Lord on Bill O'Reilly?
so tired of writing cover letters and filling out applications... Will someone please give me a job so i can stop?
I wanna see a more updated pic(:
RT : hope to make it. Shooting timelapse of new york tonight #timelapse #revideo • No worries. Have fun.
hell yea bitches on my busssinssss lol
Yeah, I'm not respecting the ageism either. I'm the same age and I hate that "you're inexperienced" crap cuz...
Nice win out of the break for : 12 points 12 assists in the victory over Dallas.
No one ever @ replies me :(
I want to say to Chester Bowles, just between you & me, and I do not want anybody to hear, this is New York City, not Stamford, Conn. [1944]
The POTUS stated his position on #MarriageEquality.That's it.I'm glad for him,but let's not be blinded by figurative victories.
i wish i could just say it to you, im crap. and what you are going do next is killing me not making me stronger. i love you. i always do.
Patriot Day only acknowledges a few courageous heroes. How about a change to Emergency Services Day in honor of all fallen?
Hi hows it going?? Ur mentions are probably blowing up lol pick me :-)
Im so happy my Grandma is gnna make me 2 custom iconic boyz braclet!!!! :-)
After saying that Demi doesn't sing, posted on twitter that he wasn't reffering to her! So u was referring to was Brit? Jealous!
Unmarked Cars playing benefit 5/28 @ Sage Lounge 217 N. Central in dwntwn okc 6-11pm feat. local bands and artists $10 All Ages Free Food
#AllHailAle 1st double brew day: No.20 (IPA) and No.21 (APA). A long and thirsty day, capped off with Chinese takeout & No.17 (Black IPA).
I hope nobody tries to do Jurassic park in real life. They're talkin bout it on science channel lol
Your baby's lungs need that refreshing nicotine taste for science reasons
Talk that Talk ! :)
As an #actor, I am meant to dabble with different themes and genres
Miss you too <3 !!! Can't believe you're graduating so son ahh!
just ordered my mom and I each a shirt from your #beautiful breeline!! lol We feel so #Legite-a-mite now!! XD <3
I'm so tired.. I danced all night with my bestfriend<3
: Good to know. Thank you very much for alerting me!
Just made some grits and shrimp!! It's like a mouth orgy all up in here!!
That is bulllllllshiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit. :)
Attention Graphic Designers!!!! We are hiring - apply at Attach 3 samples of work.
I'm so sick of you Dad. I hate this. what the fuck.
Arizona...wow I could never live there, unless I wake up tomorrow a White man lol!
#bookclub Hunger Games
thank God for allowing me to see another day. woke up in an excellent mood, ready to get these finals over & done with!!
Will you be my date to the #RPPROM?!?
#ExtremeRules I hate when my favorite people feud. The person that should win always loses and that sucks <_<
#Pinterest helps us cope w/content overload via pictures. Will also lead to rise in need for graphic designers.
RT : . I have only just discovered it because of you ( I am looking into what will be...
Awww. We shall have to take pictures with our Texas jerseys. :)
Sudipta these would be addressed in your personal essays.
Let the improvising adapting and overcoming begin!
I don't get along with like anyone haha. It's actually been really nice lately but it probably won't last long.
bastards book, ruby4kids
Fucking tired of Mississippi. Almost to Florida. Finally. <3
stop following my friend
That's great! We've attended 's Mastermind the last 5 years and other live events. Well worth the investment.
Sometimes I struggle with life...
MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND HAS BEGUN!
I feel like dancing!
I thought we were doing family dinn?
i agree same here
Go Packers Go Packers
I feel bad for my followers right now
According to sources in the Apple world...launch date 4 new Apple products including iPhone is 10-4. That's is all unofficial of course! LOL
the fun part though is that someone comes along and gives you a usable idea to improve book layout or graphics etc
not really, I was due for one. Got a physical the other day and the doctor recommended it.
Testing this out for Gina!
FULL TIME mahomie here and I think you should follow her>>> (;
dolla-closer to my dreams is better!
Winter is out to quench the offseason thirst. How many days until kickoff?
MT : ... have you been to Di Pasquales? I saw it featured on Food Network, I was curious! :)
i just really want some tim hortons right now.
Can you define what your purpose is in the workplace?
Studio Day #4: Got drums down for 2 songs. Abel's rippin it! 2 more tomorrow. 1st blog will be up this weekend. Thanks for the support! <3
Really can't figure out how my seatback being the upright position affects the landing process...
Reading "The Innovative University" (by C. Christensen & H. During, 2011 Jossey-Bass). Fascinating read!
yessssiiii, thank you
Can you create a concept, position it in the marketplace, and grow the concept through licensing or franchising? What is your exit plan?
I'm doing the best I can
hey girl
I love the video of Prince Charles doing the weather report.
In town from Guadalajara is Juicy Lolita, Lucy's cousin! She's hot, legal, and down for whatevs. You should meet her today at #lunch! M...
Newt Super PAC attack B/S - a bunch of pious baloney
Not a quote from York. Nice try, though.
Had to use my hand as a stop sign today I caught myself, saying Na-aa-aa " I think my hands have been making to much Goats milk soaps "Na-a
I flight to the west coast = 50 emails.
Awesome performances from our soloists tonight! So ready to get dancing in the morning! K studio, k studio, GO!
Q4 I like tweets in general since they're short and easy to scan. I just ignore the ones that don't make sense.
Gahhh, my day has totally been made complicated :p i need to get away from here or my head will burst :p i hate PE...with a passion. :/
this girl's are weird , & ugggglly !!!! haha
"answers get obsolete, questions don't"
Sometimes I ask myself why do I give a fuck
expecting a great day tomorrow!!
I won 2nd place in the miss red and black pageant i am your 2012 Miss Black
Its too much stress talking to somebody bruh... Idk what to do
must have. Lol
How is there traffic from Lake Charles to Baton Rouge.
love how Rooney complains when he gets the decision like he wants something else
Happy Mother's Day momma. We don't always get along but in the end she's all I have.
Wow wild night! Witness a crazy a$$ car crash! had to run over after parking to see if lady was safe! She drove right into apt building
Bringing them soon to your neck of the wooDDs. RT : blueberry, or chocolate.
finally fixed my twitter missed everyone for the last week.
I'm in the hall talking with Greg and he says "who's that little girl glaring at you." lol I forgot Emily was in the school.
Discover The Tried & True Businesses That Can Help You Accomplish Becoming Your Own Boss of Your Own Successful Home Based Business
Weekly Monday tweet.
I like it! Go Red Legs!
First block has actually became enjoyable now that we can have fun assignments.
Make sure to ride Expedition Everest. We were there last June, whole family loved it - even the few who don't like coasters!
so my bday is next fri!! What should I do?? Def gettin a spot at the Ritz dwntown but what u think?
Just run the BYOI wizard.
yeah that would be for u to go out with me!!(;<3 love love love
Glad the session summaries were helpful!
save the sorrys. You Should be sorry about bein 6 11 never rebounding and playing defense like 5'3 girl.last gm on Knicks <U+270C>
Really considering disconnecting my phone since I never text anyone but Twitter.
;) your smart
just got home from getting my ears pierced
It counts as fall semester, so if you have financial aid eligibility left, you can cover it with that. Otherwise, out of pocket.
maybe...but if the Broncs are smart they will keep him until the season starts and see what happens.
I've been rewatching every season of Man vs Wild in preparation
Just about to announce initial Garrity Perception Survey results about instate tourism, events and Spaceport to #NM Tourism Commission
: Think of a number. Double it. Add six. Half it. Take away the number you started with. Your answer is three. Your Mind = blown.
Working on getting back to 100%. Being sick has been awful. Going to shower and venture out to church.
Never really thought about space dirt. Will have to take a closer look later!
Get up get down!
lmbo hey, *throws hands up* maybe!
Attorney Raymond Dowd speaks about stolen Holocaust art and its litigation tonight @ Cinci Museum Center, 7:30 p.m.
Went to the mall and hung out with mathew i got an I see stars shirt (: so today was a good dayy!
my names not jeffrey god damnit
thank you <U+E056>
If by cool you mean hopelessly nerdy...then totally! :-)
Not for the faint of heart: GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan. Women & camp life in #CivilWar. $2.99 Kindle Amazon Free to Prime
Is it just me, or does drinking tea feel like a mini vacation? Take 10 minutes with your favorite healthy tea brew today!
I swear, depending on people gets u nowhere!
Die Hard
thank you ;). that show was fun
no baby my message wouldn't send
RT : Have any of you bought a cruiser bicycle at an Indy bike store? If so, where? What was the selection like?
i love when people are coming to rip up my house........
SEND ME THE LINK CHILD.
Thank you for having us! We look forward to seeing you again soon!
Don’t change yourself for someone, if they don’t appreciate the way you are, find someone who will. :) RT if you agree
Just got this text from a friend "Will sheehey in skinny jeans = omg bone me" haha amazing and yes
“: You literally just stole my tweet. Smfh” yep
University Commercialization program & Business Incubator must be part of a university's urban commitment- a payment in lieu of taxes.
Got cold feet?! We can help you out with 25% off all socks today!!
thanks for the mention!
party at 's house for NYE!
Congrats on the Jackpot! Who was dealing? Now maybe the lists won't be so long there.
Heading to the Europa Tomorrow if you can't go check out the Europa wrap up show...
Put it this way, Warren Sapp, T.O., etc there's a common link!!
- Great Beards of History believes you need to grow a beard...for America and it's idols.
All are looking at EDU reforms .. but cannot make any difference. WHY? We are ignoring "the culture of our children" in how they learn!
u better follow back!
Great meeting you too! I come to Michigan pretty often so I'm sure we will run into each other :)
I never realized it'd be so difficult to find stamps!! Eeesh! Wtf FedEx how do you not sell stamps!!! :-/
I appreciate the follow..... its a huge honor!!!!!
So friggin hot.
Monday crawls. But you gotta get to it with a fresh brew and a nice outlook on the future. Anyone else feel the same?
Killer meeting yesterday w Looking forward to creating a wicked new web presence for him!
Trying really hard to not sing along and destroy my voice again but after Candies Room it aint looking good.
How about the 2012 NFL draft? I can't wait til football season.
i know cute ass better call me ASAP!
haha nice one! Ill ring you tonight or over the weekend bruvver!
Come in sometime!
you should still come with us to see Justin!!!
Just saying "craftysupermarket" aloud mks me smile RT : New to the show this year: Free giftwrapping by Yelp Cincinnati!
LOL eye-blowing. I'm going to use that one! ;)
Make sure yall check out man each and every wed @ Mobys. Hottest spot n town
and what song will I be playing on??
Dont forget to top your tomato flowers and suckers. Your fruits will ripen better in last months. Keep green fruits on the vine.
#NW Men In Black
What it do asshole?RT : hey Bastard!
see into excited for a second... :(
Cool stat... Only driver in the KNPSW (K&N Pro Series West) with 4 top 5 finishes in 4 races!! Worst finish for was 4th
Did you know you can follow our Brewmaster AND our CEO? For "valuable" insights, follow and
both :D
US Senate race in Virginia shaping up as national battleground
Such a great tonight w/ , & ! #SXSWi & #nonprofits seem to go hand in hand.
So glad you love the rings.
We've added some information, too many e-mails to respond to. Please remember your address and name. Thanks!
Lookin at my gucci is about that time .
brings the darkness on wtju.net ::: Saturday Night, 1-3 in the AM
You see me as a villain and treat me like a felon, I'm still rockin it still talkin it
your welcome ^.^
#FF Thanks - have a great weekend!
Karma is a wonderful thing. The simplicity it brings to life is stress releasing.
I honestly thought my grade would be higher, but Crain's little grading rubric spit out the D-. Ideally, it'd be incomplete.
It's on loop this morning!
Bank account got me feeling well
Pens leading 4-1. I need to get out of class and watch!
Just Baer those sleigh bells ringling, ting ting tingling too..
Wow, very cool.
Beginning November 6, we will be offering a Brunch Buffet every Sunday! All of your favorites will be included. Full menu to follow...
Ru what's been up
*angels come flying down hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah
of says : reaching out nationally, having conversations, sharing what works
That was CRAZY! DJ Wicked was one thing, but DJ Nicole Leone getting the boot, OH HELL NAH!
thank you, ;) do you want to star in the next one?
JUST ASKING: Did Newt Gingrich's daughters ever have to go 4 food stamps when he left their mother and didn't pay child support?
Who are you people
President Obama sings disaster declaration for N.C after tornadoes, clearing way for federal aid. (did POTUS sing or sign?)
Currently revisiting: Short Eyes. Piñero.
The kid is singing the National Anthem with at Astros game today.
Uh huh
can i get your autograph?! and maybe you can get me that hottie's autograph too if you know what I'm saying ;)
RT IdiotOnTour We agree about the new artwork. It's pretty awesome! LOVE YOU !
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example - Mark Twain
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal. Aim High SE
Keep your face protected this weekend with Physician's Endorsed Hats containing SPF 30!
WEA DF U WAS AT YESTERDAY?
...wheels keep on turning.....rollin'..rollin'... Going to go work on my "Tina" legs in RPM.
Sheriff refused to carry out order. Vogl later died at his home. Vogl's family is asking for contempt order.
#YesWeCan RT: : Rolling Stone is having a "Best Boy Band" contest. I voted for and L7.
Sent you gift to have through ur treatment. The best of luck to you! Much love and support!
my mom turned the plate and made me realize my plate setting looks like a thing with balls gone into a thing
thanks ihad a other twitter but i fogot my password so i made new one
Them Houston boys got game.
not sure at all!
the stadium looks beautiful tonight haha
Ight last night was amazing cnt wait tell nextweek
Hefty salad with a soft, flimsy fork.
I would take a sheep to the Elizabethtown
No irony whatsoever that my building ID/badge was deactivated on National Library Workers Day... right?
WOW It's nice out today!
At the plenary panel? Come learn more about some new facets of academic publishing tomorrow morning in our session.
Ten Hit Hindi Films With Terrible Endings
This algebra has to wait til after this game
Talked to Phil Claridge at church Sunday. He said the lack of Zellers has left an athletic void in that community. Apathy?
old ladies wearing tank tops make me lose my appetite
#Reds game with !
cleanin this room, cant keep it clean for shit
For once I can't wait til this weekend is over and Tuesday to get here
Cherish The Ladies will be performing at The Foellinger Theater in FT. Wayne, IN 08/12/2011. Show time is 8PM.
Those who say it can't be done are usually interrupted by those doing it. =) Have a great day!
"He still lives at home with his momma!"
and they all said.... RT a cosign or a big time dj doesnt mean shit if u truly dont have that gift
I have been hearing a lot of rumors about a new LitFuse site in the near future. hm
It's not what you know but what you can prove.
Today I'm grading essays on Nietzsche and writing a quiz on Crevecoeur, so my typing fingers are getting quite confused.
Paul George double slam dunk so far the most impressive.
Thanks for the mention via !
So are we settled on Thursday? If so, when and where?
RT if you're salty about the Colts dropping Peyton Manning. I know Pops is. Lol.
follow me back beautiful
You, too. TGIF, ftw.
I've been putting in a lot of hours this week. I think I may need to disconnect from work for the weekend.
no mjizzle at the vid... whoa!!!
same here. check out www.terriblepeoplewebshow.com I wrote it ep 2 online 9am
:-) ya...that was so funny!!!! What happened last night. Fill me in!
Lmfao who ever sees my last 3 posts.KNOWS I was drunk lmao
Gus Johnson just noted Josh Gasser was the Wisconsin Gatorade Player of the Year. I'm sure NCAA sponsor Powerade loves that.
Wow... It's been a minute since I've been on Twitter... What's happening Tweet Peeps?
the longer the game goes without a goal for #spurs the better it is for #sunderland #coys lets put one in right before the half
My bathroom scale died on me yesterday. I'm trying to ignore the potentiality of a hidden message in that.
apple will probably repair it as long as it your first repair. Make an appointment and give it a shot
Hats off to M. Flynn... simply amazing game ...
Pity. That would be a good way to die. They should look into marketing it to the Texas Dept. of Corrections.
then I would be considered "creepy" LOL
Happy mothers day world and happy b day to me
Happy Mother's Day!!!!
Of course you pervert would give me a disscount when you shouldn't after looking at my body.
Article said Germany was "Free Trader" with Trade Surplus and other things I said. Not want to spread misinformation.
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up. Paul Valery
hey mike, did you see last night's "Intervention"? Ah :(
HEY. EZRA IS MY MAN, TWEETY.
Pickup Line: Are you a gardner, 'cos I want to put your tulips and my tulups together
just thinkin of that after seein dude rockin one on the bus - makes you choose mixes wisely
metoo<3 btw your username is awesome. Even though he has no ass hahah
Thanks for spreading the word! We have some great things coming up!
You can make a difference - bring your donations to the Thrift Shop by Dec 31 during regular business hours & get your 2011 tax receipt!
grasstrack? I did not know that.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 61F FAIR
Communicating Styles Survey has been administered to more than 4 million people in over 5,000 corporations & other organizations worldwide
I feel like everyone should be able to RT this
I think music shouldn't be beholden to business, but being a composer *is* a profession.
All filming is complete! Now a wait for the final edit! Our fashion forum has grown from 20 people to 93 in mere weeks!
Youre gonna end up eatin a government regulated ammount of cheese when youre livin in a van down by the river!!
T-Day prep, day 2: & I grocery shopping at the butt crack o' dawn to beat crowds. I'm not a fan of shopping cart evasion manuevers
Am reading The Crippled God by Steven Erikson which is the 13th book in the Malazan Book of the Fallen Fantasy series.
M I don't love cheese..
can't wait to test drive! So long post it notes.
RT : Happy Spring Break for all the students at Millennia Atlantic University. During the break, hours of the university 9am to 7pm
;) sounds like a great day! -Adam
RT : Busy Tuesday for CTO Brian Johnston as he is panelist at the #CIO Perspectives event in Atlanta
I think you should just give me that Buffalo one from
Do a Ustream please?! (:
I have the COOLEST UX job in MSP & I'm looking for a mid UX Guru who loves GIS. Tweet me if you live in Twin Cities!
I don't want him to.. like a month ago, this wasn't a problem. I guess because they down payment is $350. but they get it back
okayy.(: you take care also(: <33
So pumped for this Kansas Ohio State game
Hahaha!! Love it!
I don't get bothered by haters, I just get concerned
It really irritates me when customers take advantage of my kindness.
great comments last night!
Florense's team wishes you and your familly a Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Don't ever tell me I don't love you, everything I do for you is because I love you
My 12 yr old brother still gets up at the buttcrack of dawn..
Just great ! I lost everything this week ! Fuuuuck . Not in the mod to do shit .
How fat and gross is Rush?
woww so tired when the summer or atleast the weekend go kick in
Any N.C. State Wolfpack fans out there? ACC Tourny!
I love the feeling of crawling into my bed after a long day of work:)
1st of all i don't hate al!! just like 5 and 2nd you don't even know what happened so yea!
Sending a Birthday S/O to a growing internet radio powerhouse/blue check certified. !!! Happy Birthday Jack!!!
at least you got a good brain workout?
#raw10 i dated a woman, her breath was so bad, i felt my facial hairs burn. she had Holotosa @ the Mosta
Call in to listen to us tonight on the top Internet radio station there. 10pm tonight! - Hinkle, Godfrey, Hiles. All MMA (347) 884-9986
thanks for the mention in your Daily!
That was a bomb by Jay Bruce 1 of the longest home runs I've seen at Miller Park
I actually thought it was a reasonable trade, for what it's worth. (I even thought it made the Lakers slightly *worse*)
Dancing with the Stars cast seems like a total snoozefest. The athletes aren't relevant and the stars are C-listers instead of B-listers.
Movie Time <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5>
Your happiness is your responsibility, make your own changes find your own why. Do not fear your potential
Hahahahaha! ": #Happy420 enjoy prison when they do a #Happy421 national drug test day ! :)"
Healthy lunch from in Orange County. Didn't kno they were a ! Found a little taste of home in the OC.
There's a fine science to the number of texts you need to pretend to be friendly before asking someone for a favor.
Midnight is now $45.5 in the US on 621 screens.
still searching for 35 y/o Hispanic Male #Actor in #Tallahassee area for an upcoming #role! Know anyone?
So I want to sing your version of kiss me for the Xfactor auditions.....
just make sure your phone is charged up so you can play Angry Birds: Space every time Dave talks:)
Thanks for the RTs! Have a great night!
twitterverse - do any of you know someone who works at Sanders\Wingo?
# BALLIN OUT LIKE BOW...BOW
Wow that was major Omarion and Maybach O.
I know! We are crazy! Love ya too!
RT WOW, I am surprised that others think my odds are that good. #respect JUST KEEP WORKING LUKE YOU HAVE!!!
You're right. Will get on that. Good point.
Go Southern Miss beat nevada!!
your dress is cute
Happy triple Eleven to all of u my evil people!! & may jah 4give all the bloody soldiers 4 helping big govmts commit war crimes #Full Moon!
Teambuilding Day - Bowling Tournament!! TekPartners is definitely the best place to work!
I can't stop thinking about him......he's the only 1 I love
Touché!... I understand that reasoning cuz I consider Jazmine as another sister to me.
Hey members! Ho many of you have joined #FITT2012 the newest club fitness challenge?
I'm so excited!!
it makes me know that were both not dead and also I don't see you. ;(.
we are excited to follow our students and alumni. We're proud to follow you.
Jon Porras' Black Mesa
Is Salesforce maintenance happening right now? I never really notice those update screens... but now I can't log in. :(
Watching my O's play the BJays... Toronto must've sold approx. 300 seats tonight. Ha. The sound of the crowd reminds me of little league...
Just pushed my first commit to Github. Okay, it was my second, but my first unassisted.
Filled to the top with disappointment.
LOVE IT!!!
#OlensTips might be my new favorite thing.
no. Kids went back and forth to school while we were here. Express private jet
I've been doing research on "net generation", and learning styles and am trying to present to admin, something to look at
my neighbor says stuff like "OMG! Did you hear about..."
#MXpresidentialDebate Peña to AMLO: "if TV made presidents, you would be the president cause during your governorship u spent 1bil on Media"
Bout that time. Night tweepers! <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><U+2728><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
I don't know the key to success- but the key to failure is trying to please everybody!!!
Congrats to for a great marathon in Chicago!
Consider yourself followed
lost 6 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 13 pounds so far.
aw, i'm sorry to hear that :( if we can't meet in NJ then definitely when we're back in DC
Exactly. The overhead is a LOT more expensive for console games when you consider manpower and labor
Working the #NFLDraft for ESPN Radio. Let's get it on.
What are some EFFECTIVE ways to get rid of hiccups?!
People say nails on a chalkboard is the worst sound ever... I think it's the alarm clock in the morning
yes I. Think so too so.what time is good for you text back and let me know okay.
has amazing stuff for last minute gifts!!
Check you DM
Unc is going down today
Ditto! RT : can wait until Sunday! #BrewerBash with
#HoesOutHereFuckinFor a bowl of cold noodles and a ride home
it's more moving than a quadriplegic
#Mayweather got a insane right hock.
heyy!! Don't you have Draw Something? Well...what's your name on there? Mine's MollyBethF. just saying. We should play!(: <3
yes please !
The clouds are dark 0_0
lol stomach turning enough
It's very inspiring to hear you guys say that :)
RT "Happiness is an attitude. We either make ourselves miserable, or happy and strong. The amount of work is the same."
Just ate a package of thai candies, not realizing they're dried fruit. According to the nutritional facts, I just ate 10g of fiber. shit.
In Dallas and ready for #linked2012! Be sure to stop by the iTriage booth if you're here!!
Nope! RT : Apple as a brand turns me off so much I'm willing to pay more just to have anything but their product. Am I alone?
FABULOUS article. TY.
Over-worked, stressed-out and tired all the time. Sound familair? There IS help, TODAY'S TMJ4 News, On Your Side, tonight at 10:00.
Dear #soccer groundskeepers, The lines would be much easier to see if you would cut the grass BEFORE you painted it. #Justsayin'
I panicked and closed the window. I'm a little depressed.
I don't. :-/ That is put on by the CVB and I haven't heard too much. can you help Laura?
Some things ill never know and I had to let them go
Jack's mannequin killed it tonight in Boston!!
That awkward moment when you're kicking ass at Mario Kart, then you realize you've been looking at the wrong screen.
cam had a wr and a running game, skins don't.
also, 4. what happened to ur gr8 D?, 5. max contract=work harder, not say 'the heck with yall'. 6. Ull only b remembrd for CHIPS
Great site Travis!
Managing Partner, Twiller|Moore, an executive search and consulting firm in NYC; Board Member, NAPS; Boston College grad;
talk to me about your story. I'm the mother of a cutter.
Whiskey is risky but it makes the girls frisky.
MT : Oh TripAdvisor. "The hotel itself was amazing but it rained all week and our holiday was ruined - 1 star."
Do I even follow any female Devils fans? Like, that have the Devils as their primary team?
Longest line at Fred Meyer?? Yep, MegaMillions by a longshot (yep, pun intended)
Mad shout out to I've benefit working all day illustrate get at ya once I'm home about an hour from now
After my pedicure I think ill have to go to the hospital &get stitches to stop my toes from bleeding.. this woman has bout killed me!
Latest #followers - #client/#business prospective
I wanna see chronicle to you know, so don't hog it.. just saying :3
bear in mind emu doesn't taste too good, at least for my palate but maybe it was roadkill.
The Old English word for 'sneeze' is 'fneosan.'
I really hope tomorrow wont be as humid as it was today.. i will kill someone if it is!!
At this point, I hope that NO ONE hits the #megamilli and the prize rolls over to a Billi.
Gleason Archer patents discovered for tank destroyer, ventilation
excited to be preparing my presentation on rights management for creative DAMs for
Fantastic news!
about time!
EVAN YOU DON'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT STAR WARS JUST STOP
'Seattle Mama Doc' receives CDC Childhood Immunization Champion award - Access Washington
RT : Here waiting to see // Enjoy!!
Hello ! I need Stars or Party money, I have Merge. If anyone can help a holdplz out, holler at me plz !
I just noticed that. Sorry
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate When is we gonna fuck?
A politician is an arse upon which everybody has sat except a man
#UFC136 Going to b good! :)
I'm glad we are positive ;)
You know you want to come to our #SMWWDC happy hour tomorrow. Go ahead, RSVP: on.fb.me/wUQTGR
Watching Troll 2. The greatest.
holy Jesus! Spectacular pics Coco.
I Need Some Stress Relief !
You have to look after each other
We have sad news. After losing all our photo and videos, our supposed 'friend' David Paul Krug, who was supposed to help us with the webs...
that's a good one. Do you have a national championship ring from high school? Or state ring? Or a gold medal? Or all American?
RT : FB to buy Instagram. If they make it so you have to have a FB account to sign in, I'm abandoning all social networking.
#FactsWithoutWikipedia Mitt led Bain Capital in the acquisition of a whorehouse chain that created 742,000 bl-- jobs.
eeep okay this is not fun to watch,leave pizza alone!
anytime man, anytime. just like now n shit
lol!! your new keek is so funny to me ;) .. I don't even know why.. haha. You could be like the girl with funny talent! hehe
I have a feeling that might not be a bad thing for the bucks. Just a hunch.
Got stuck behind a school bus and now a train
Got my unread e-mails down below 15,000. This is actually substantial progress.
unless you know something that nobody else does........ then I'm going to say:VERY VERY DOUBTFUL
How To Spring Clean Your Dryer Vents and Air Ducts « Air Systems ...
Ready to get this album finished and out...
S/O TO MY BROTHER BLOCK ROYAL
wants to increase our state's rainy day fund. It's about time someone wanted surplus instead of debt!
Hoping to get #Trespassing in the mail today!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I knew that was Tom Brady I saw standing in the #BeerLine before the game, His first play confirmed it for me..
dumb question but is it called a Jesus cake?
has the best programing
Thanks! That's less work for me.
Hey... is my public account. I really never tweet on anymore.
so sorry about ur oldest baby...!!
STAR ALL OF THE POSTS
Dude, I literally wiped a tear off my face.
i do love when people walk away when i'm talking to them -__- thanks mom, youre cool
I want a miniature zoo full of miniature animals from all around the world. That would be awesome.
what you pass on the A's? You passed on Oakland? You will regret this,hat was the offer from
I finally decided this is a place I'd like to hitch my wagon to.
Aww thanks! I get it from my mama lol RT : lol I can tell in the pic with your mom!! She's Beautiful by the way.
RT : New Vera Bradley for Spring has arrived at Watts! Stop in and check it out.
thg, haha they say "the world will be watching" haha, idk i'm just a big fan ._.
Coming soon to the Traditions Room... Reception!
haha u need to stop!
Please take more screenshots of my tweets
With all due respect, and I understand the context of quote, there are no 'empty seats' in classes, there are simply TOO MANY.
awww that's awesome, thank you James :-)
This #KillYourself shit; it's not funny, or cool. You sound like a barbaric, uneducated imbecile. Every 15 minutes someone commits suicide.
At NY Penn Station heading down to DC for #CCC12 - who's going? Ping me to meet up later at the opening reception.
I love sermons
Was it raining? RT : Drove by MacArthur Blvd twice today. Twice craved cake.
Pro-Tip: Want a manicure and/or pedicure the day before Mother's Day? Make an appointment, as they can get kinda busy that day.
I wonder how many people are tweeting right now.
Oh. My. God. This is so bad. It's not even 'so bad it's good' bad. No, it's just bad.
so true! and on a cheap satin pillow. yuck!
Rocking to Candyland!!!
Resnik examining how 'blindness,' traditionally negative and inauspicious, came to represent a positive characteristic of justice
The Hilliard Senior Center is located @ 3800 Veterans Memorial Dr, Hilliard 43085. We'll be there from about 11am to 12 pm. Stop by!
no u didn
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me5
Am I the only person that thinks Avatar sucked? Unobtanium? Really? You couldn't come up with a better name for an unobtainable element?
Starters tonight foie gras special and classic onion soup. Then scallops and duck confit with truffle risotto and squash as entrees.
Searching for a roommate is probably at the top of the list of sketchiest things to do... #CreepinHardcore #Ifeellikeimbeingcreepedontoo :O
Kate said Tom reminds her of Rob. Ha! Ha! Ha! You love each other.
what are you stuck on?
Amazing dinner @ chez bruce!
I would bet real money you'll love it
They can say what they want, give it their best, we'll wrap our hearts in bulletproof vests
Dx Trying to sleep but my phone keeps going off because of updates. :c Doctors appointment in 3hours. Dx
He didn't lose his account, but closed it.
Got my glasses fixed !!! #YEE !
Bros I luvs ya, But on ElbowDuck order, it doesn't inform of BACKORDER until AFTER Checkout! Not cool wntd u2 know
Thanks for meeting with us today, our staff is excited about moving forward.
#parents if your off today its a lovely day to be in the park with the children. lots of sun.
I'm out of here..smh.
Ha. You wont understand anyways!
I don't think it's too much to say Fleury's Secret Service Save was THIS generation's "The Save"..
Who turned down Sir Paul McCartney? USSportspages.com
Obviously this account is my humorous one and shouldn't be taken too seriously. My professional one can be followed
About to go ride my cousin's new horse she so pretty she is a Palomino/paint horse my Fave Breed!! I'm so PSYCHED!!
Can't complain at all. U?
So by that logic Masoli > Fouts. Get off your high horse buddy.
schemes, help. Sessions gotta step the fuck up.
Incredibly nervous and I'm nowhere near a TV
I hope the '72 Dolphins enjoy their champagne...Ugh.
#Palko strikes again!!!
it was nice being a cop :)
"Obsession with self in these matters is a dead end; attention to God leads us out into the open, into a spacious, free life." Romans 8 MSG
is a total class act.
at least he isn't talking about recycling his water again!
I think the 8:50 am start time is a HUGE benefit. We are the only HS that starts late. Also your principal is awesome! :)
President John F Kennedy could read 4 newspapers in 20 minutes.
Is that time again!
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted. ~ Albert Einstein
"I am well" is not grammatically correct. It's pompous. That makes 'well' an adverb, meaning you're doing a good job at being.
it would b nice I'm tryna smoke now tho lol
I really want some ice cream, but I had cheese fries for lunch. I can't be eating all that in the same 24 hours. I'm scared of getting fat
That show was fantastic & so much fun as always!!!! Thank you so much Patrick!!!! :-) xoxoxo
Brooke: Badge system for "achievements" not yet a part of #kohails. (me: dang good idea, though; addictive as heck.)
Congratulations to my lovely girl ,Carmen ,on her graduation!
Excited to be at the Chick-fil-A Leadercast! Updates to follow...
sam the cooking guy on the dsc on jack fm san diego
He's only two Cy Youngs behind Tim Lincecum! (who the Giants picked one player after the O's took good ole Billy)
God will never feed your depression. Choose him and he will take away all burden. Be #Blessed tweeples...
@ how many people will you beat only 1 out of hundred turn you in. Carte Blanche
Good Morning Danielle
Haha, so true. That made me feel much better. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Oh.. I love school
Watching Breaking Dawn :)
Sometimes we don't ask the question because we are afraid of the answer. Ask us, all we want to do is give you the answer right for you.
#typosf12 packed room here. will take opportunity to spread word for "Types We Can Make" ECAL exhibit coming to in May :)
I actually had a really productive day yesterday.
That's not even my son. I don't even know him. THAT WAS A CONFUSING TIME IN MY LIFE!
what did y'all do at 11:11? we are trying to figure out what to do!
In light of the recent suicides, would u make a video for gay youth? Please help with this message!
nope, was at home on my couch:)
i freaking miss you alot
I want my tattoo! Fuck i want it NOW!!
Tonight isn't going to be any different. He also reminds Colt Cabana that after this match all bets are off until they have their match.
not sure i could even sit through that....just too emotional
Get ur Gertrude Hawk $1 choc. bars here @ the library! Profits support the ACL Teen Leadership Committee and the programs they sponsor.
i be on the net alot cause i like to read , learn and network...#getlike me
where the buck are you? ;o I'm bored lolol
We wish all the parents & children good luck today for the first day of school.
lol smiley face
I want to have an Indian themed wedding. I love the colors, and beads, and elegance.
Family roots: an investigation of the effects of upheaval on family systems. By Mindy Thompson Fullilove.
I miss y'all MORE! We must reunite very very very soon :)
attempting to watch melancholia but i'm pretty tired so this might be a lost cause.
Picking through apples and a man comes over and says, "Easter eggs?" and he picks up an apple and I don't know if he's hitting on me or not.
Shandy - a beer mixed with citrus-flavored soda, carbonated lemonade, ginger beer, ginger ale, or cider.
Thank goodness snow pants are forgiving.
the question of the hour: should my new iPhone be white? or black?
yeah right. I wouldn't be able to ride that now.
Acting coaches list your services on the ActoRectory and access thousands of actors daily.
#maybeishould sneak out but im a chicken lol
Love this weather
so filipino! Lol
Happy Mother's Day to the best Mom in the entire world. :) I love you Mommy!
I have a tat and i checked it about 30 times b4 i let them start it. but i'm the 1 that has to wear it forever
Sorry, it's kristinhackman
It's amazing to me how many sites make me think "there should be a plug-in for scrobbling".
It kills me when someone loses absolutely everything in an instant.
We're excited to be part of 's #InfluencerAwards tonight. #BonneChance #Santé!
Runners! (and Volunteers :))- This Sun. 11/20, we run 6 miles @ 7am starting @ San Vicente & Ocean. G'luck!
I love getting new phone cases
Larry Crowne is a great movie!
worst headache u ever had
Thanks man
Looks like fun!
"The look up on my face say Homicide" free Man
Thank you SO much, Steve, for everything! Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do!
Funeral tomorrow. Goodnight beautiful people! Hope you all have sweet dreams <3
#askObama What are you doing to get unemployed to start businesses?
For some odd reason, twellow isn't letting me sign in; stops after information. Won't let me confirm my email either. :-/
The evidence of high-stakes learning. MT : "This place smells like unwashed bodies and fear" @ UCLA Powell Library
That was an interesting article. Thanks for sharing.
Despite its long history of colonialism. lol
figured out what?
Great! Thanks for this. I will pass it along.
Good Night<3
DD Palmer you would roll in your grave if you saw all the drugs and drama-people love drama!
I love your website and it has been a great inspiration to me and my husband
Thx...join us for recording whenever! RT : CONGRATS!!!!!
TWEETING FOR A CAUSE | #FollowFriday #FF Know others?
Maybe Gauger will next wow us hicks with his musings on John Edwards' shoe selection.
CHECK OUT please they're great!
beam the fuck in. i cant do my work.
lucky!! (: where are you going?
i tend not to give af ! get yo own life hoe, Before i make yo asz my runway! not finna sneak diss #coco !
4 Questions To Ask Yourself Before Starting Your Own Business
This week's episode of The Legend of Korra is BUH. NANAS.
Welcome to twitter my younger daughter
Glad you are enjoying the tattoos! Still wearing ours... Can't wait to have you involved.
Bored as duck!!!!!! Ugh need a new guy
SCENES OF A CRIME is so infuriating.
Chaperoning my first middle school dance! Pretty excited!
trick is never let your mind to tell you theres nothing to do
Using markers of Bloom's Taxonomy levels in student work as suggestive of movement (subject to instructor interpretation). V cool.
#BlueRock is off to #video a future #tennis super star today!
nothing but school. Ready to graduate!
“: Duzi is so fucking adorable and the perfect kind of awkward <U+263A>” aw stop it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Honestly.. I'm really excited for Nationals!<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0086>
Did you Get Curried Away this weekend? Let's hear some exciting stories!!!
Tonights gonna be epic Hot 97 night. Let's hope we run smoothly.
Yeah, I'm fine!
Don't tell me "forever" if you really mean "for now"
We totally killed #FashionWeek with ! Stay tuned for amazing pics and footage!
for me yeahh
sigh #bring1dtoseattle is never ending
I love her even more because she takes all my shit and just laughs.
Thinking it would be a good idea to jump into a nice cold pool right now
12 hours till I rage with
we r a non-profit bike shop who hires disadvantaged teens and give them a safe learning opportunity.
Wow! Just hit 1607 tweets! That is our lucky number
hey man , what's up?
Whoa - just realized Loki (from Thor/Avengers) is the same actor as F. Scott Fitzgerald in Midnight in Paris. Now that's versatility.
“: Breakfast for dinner is the best!”... Sometimes BFD is what the DR called for
RT on the first of january, I'm going on a water diet.
If I didn't mention your name don't take it personal im eating and it ain't enough characters.
Aw... Leanne. :( How sad to be without the rest of the triad!
N yo own race will dog you out quicker then anyone else will.
RT God is in control
Decided to wear a dress today.. Now it's raining. Fml!
Just got the last two standing room tickets for the book of mormon tonight!
thanks for the ReTweet. What have you been up to?
's #TinyDesk concerts are really hitting the spot right now.
To be a true business person you have to be paranoid, ‘para’ from Latin, meaning ‘beside’ and ‘noid,’ some sort of pizza demon.”
[Book 4/100] This Is Not The Story You Think It Is, Laura Munson. Kudos , thank you for helping me grow up, truly inspiring...
Should I be a firefighter In the marines.. Or should I stick to security forces
Up early waiting on Semi driver to bring work, coffee is good and fresh I need a couple of glazed donuts....
absolutely loving the energy of
- See you there (I'm so excited, can barely sleep)!
thats so sweet u even learned spanish for love
Doing a powerful seminar w/ #RichardLawson so moving & powerful! :)
Omg i love you so much plz follow me <3
Great night, but kinda hurt.
flyest girl on the block
Wow, Jessica is not playing around...such a mature, soulful voice...
At the hospital a little longer than we expected waiting on to feel better
you said everyone OLD follow me?
Wishing for pizza delivery on the mountain...
I don't check personal e-mail very often during the day.
The kid finally figured out how to say dads. Love him!
I learned somwthing new today RT : Absolutely RT : Really ? RT : The best things in life are free
heading up to Rochester, NY for the weekend. must negotiate with the traffic to get to BWI first!
Just by listening to the announcers you would think Heslip has 30, equaling Baylor's lead. Xavier trails by 9.
Doing some marketing for our local #Curves today.
Some jus gotta deal wit stuff on dey on and handle it dey own way. I'm outta it. Ill be here when shit gets deep tho! #Loyal!
I finished ALL my homework. Now watching The Wood.
No excuses. No apologies.
lol man u fucked in the head
I am learning how to tweet just to yo.
oh damn,..
That goes both ways.
Looking to help 8 ppl create their fortunes on the internet within a year's time! Call me now if you're serious 1-646-397-9817
Omar Gomez Shooting here at R2K today! We Love our co-ops!
I've been home all day and haven't watched one bit of t.v..... Who does that?
Good Monday to all. We here at Lonestar Delivery and Process wish everyone a wonderful and productive week!
When you're on the treadmill don’t hold on. It decreases the intensity, which decreases your calorie burn by up to 24 percent.
Pride of Baltimore launched, Feb. 27, 1977
the worst part? I don't even like that. LOL!
Thank you for the follow! Happy Friday!
Wow, Mary Jo Buttafuoco remarries. I guess she likes taken bullets to the face.
We have some custom fireplaces that you may fall in love with.
but, we do have a Culver's in Richmond!
#OUrDay I have great memories of putting together the first ACTV-7 news website with !
I wish I still had kanye west college dropout album
"Happy" u rescued your new pup! Inspirational! Rescued a Morkie/ Malti-Shi mix a week ago at a swap/college. Named her "Chewy"<U+2665>
Reading about declining state appropriations for #HigherEd... Always interesting; always a bit depressing (pun intended?).
yes it is :) Kryssi isnt too bad either
you don't like Uecker?
Holy Pajamas! The Junior Board just crossed $6,100! Love.
Come visit the Centre Branch for Storytime every Wednesday in February at 10:15am. Ages 5 and younger. For more information call 251-3700.
pumped to announce that me & are tying the knot in a month's time. exciting times ahead and can't wait for the festivities!
Gotta have my sausage & cheese biscuit from ASAP
Will do my man. You guys will dominate.
Does anyone know if/where I can get a Tudor watch repaired in NYC? Thanks!
The two man band killed it!! Apparently it's hip to watch the opening band?!? #Jane'sAddiction
Good nature is worth more than knowledge, more than money, more than honor, to the persons who possess it. ~Henry Ward Beecher
can't wait to watch the walking dead at 9pm at amc! :D
I don't think my girlie parts are suppose to be sore after spin class
SO to , Tre Wells & Tyler Watts for being selected "Honorble Mention" in the Southwest League this season
Beach tonight was pretty widdit
#NERCOMP12 University of New Hampshire speaking at 2:45 in room 552 about IT Resource Allocation before and after implementing TeamDynamixHE
Being able to sleep in for an extra hour >>>>
- “Klugh…a Style That Pleases…the performance consistently delighted a capacity crowd.” Mike Joyce, The Washington Post
That awkward moment when your boy tells you something that you didn't need to know
Orlando has to work twice as hard without a big man.
low/no cost.
ha :p
You can actually connect with people on facebook. Twitter is just a bunch of random short updates. Bo!!! lol
BUT DOES HE SELL THEM #atthesamedamntime THO??
Quick Update: Cheese Wedge is still living in the dryer. Even flew back in there when it was on.
I'm not gonna deal with your shit every night
Think like a man
I Take Life For What Its Worth!
If a girl rushes to find out everything about you.. She just wanna use u
Tired and my allergies are getting worse!!!
FOLLOW ME-
Thanks for the rec! Might I ask how much it is? They want my personal info before giving me pricing details...
#NeverShouldYouEver Say you that pretty MF looking like Peter Griffin bitch
very well sir very well...prob going to the beach in a lil bit...I'm still waiting on to come to LA
crowd sourcing panel choice? Brilliant.
Did I get it right? Or, um, did I get it wrong? :-D
I utilize tweets 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it wrong.
dont let people get you down, if they make you upset dont let them make you unhappy because thats what they wanna see... you upset
Unfortunate! RT : No marathon before THE DARK KNIGHT RISES, the screening rights were not available - maybe in the future though!
Just got interviewed for the documentary with
Sleeping with my amazing boy <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9>
as a cat person that makes me sad. I guess to most people cats are cats, whereas dogs may be chihuahuas or shepherds...
damn good game. longhorn second string is getting his mojo. bama better get serious again.
Presbyterian west side hospital opening today! Come see us for free chair massage with number 47. We are so excited to be part of this event
<U+2640>Promise yourself a life filled with love...your worth it<U+2640>
Blake Griffin SUCKS!!!!!!
Think I will break down & read #HungerGames before I see the movie!
RT : "Why am I telling knock knock jokes to Kim Kardashian? Why is she here anyway?" -- Barack Obama - Seriously!
Weekend is here. Bout time.
In the D with listening to soundcheck bout time to rock
RT Tom Brady... Meet Mr. Dumervil
Home just in time to watch them load into the starting gate for the Kentucky Oaks!!
why must I pay $19.99 + another $20 to exchange a phone that is under warranty + which does not work?
You realize it's possible for ppl to disagree with something you write for some reason other than blind partisanship, right?
So glad to see Richard Pryor circa 1971 alive and well
Zimmerman was Trayvon's Grim Reaper, and that night, as in one's worse night terror, Trayvon saw him coming with no way to shake him. Dang!
RT : Below to Porcello in dugout: You see, the trick is to remember these #Twins blow.
Jus out here fammo. Wus good witchu, where yu be at nowadays?? Miss ya ass no homo!!
LET'S MAKE IT A PIZZA NITE AND WATCH #BFV ON DEMAND!!!!!!
Q0) Barbara Smith. Instructional Design strategy and innovation. Atlanta, GA.
Thank you for your mentions with such awesome company! Enjoy making today fantastic!
i got my self a burger...yuuuummmmm <3
Congrats and all other grads!
Spending Mothers Day w/ my mom watching the #Mets gm... A BIG thank you to the woman who made me a #Mets fan!
Yeah. He must be off his meds. Should we send in a team? Again?
That waffle house <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
The Red State thing: Not a fan! Goodman rocked it but it couldn't decide what kid of movie it was. Did like the trumpets.
did he really say that?
perhaps you sould dm me first? Lol Or if its more than 140 feel free to email me, addy is on my profile
I need a ride to school :(
Looking forward to it! That's at 2:30, right?
Looking forward to it Rick :) I'll DM you my digits. Have a great day yourself!
thank you! That's what everyone tells me about Pgh––I'm excited to discover it for myself.
I'm in one of those moods.... stay tuned...
Trivia Night tonight @ 730! First question: Where's the best place to have a ball downtown? We'll take A) Thunder Game or B)Whiskey Chicks!
#Madison #smbmad UR the best helping our speaker get safely here. But he flew in to Dane Cty. See you in the am
I miss my dad, so ready to see him Saturday!
Thanks to everyone who has followed us thus far!
RT : Net neutrality upheld in Congress today! Totally sweet!
whew! really nice -- traces of
If your iPhone could speak, what would it say?
For some reason...I'm feeling MUCH better now!
how would you win one?
Okay,And can you let me know when he reply's back? :)
Gotcha Day celebration for the mini-me. She so deosn't get it, but we had fun regardless. One day she will want a car or something for it.
Yep, she cray
grind mode just enjoying the late night twitter thing
We know the perfect way to start off your Wednesday morning-- Our Morning Starter Yoga Class from 7:45-9:00am... See you there!
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana run banana run
: Henry Ford Library .
With twitter it could always be the character limit. FB lets you be the big giant a**hole that you truly are.
Woke with a terrible sore throat. Know any good home remedies to extinguish the fire in my throat?
Yo eyes R blue...but U ain't White! Yo hair just straight because U PRESSED it last night!!!
Huh, u can't take a break to go to the potty??
I'm liking the avi.very cute. :-)
jus tweet me a picture that u want to be in it
ballroom blitz!!
Ouch, the Fray just murdered the National Anthem
Thanks for the follow By the way, your Twitter Pic is totally adorable! Miss you !!
Bout to hit his gym up in a bit.. take a shower and hit the movies... Can We say #Beast lol.. im on my way...
yes, wear a sweater <33 and be my 500th follower? :)
“: Every girl should know that she deserves a man to love her the way she's supposed to be loved.” I do this role
Craig Carey relating W.R. Hearst to Ambrose Bierce as editorial warriors, typographical enthusiasts
thanks for the follow. Branding is fun. Being good at branding is funner!
don't wear booty shorts and uggs
U r a much needed reminder of natural selection....nature chose u to be gay because the world does NOT need ur offspring(s) running around
Craig be on some circus/ space pimp gear LOL
Get ready for improv tomorrow!
glad you enjoyed it - anything specific you liked?
Back to work today...and my wrist still hurts, so this should be fun.
"The important thing in writing is the capacity to astonish. Not shock-shock is a worn-out word-but astonish." Terry Southern, born 5/1/24
Thanks for the RT on my post!! -Kevin
haha hell no
Where is it snowing?
Can we expect a video for Va Voom Voom? Single?
We're talking about it! What do you like most about Google+?
"Right now, she looks like that women from Glee; the one with the big head who sings."- #Bachelorette CC:
If snitches get stiches, then what do bitches get? RT If snitches get stiches ,then what dl liars and haters get
we are like you! We want to make those lives of people in relationships better. Get in touch! Lets make the world a better place!
Just got in about to smash this food!
#magic Hope we get a big win today
wow! this is painfully wack.
loves the liquid crack they serve at starbucks
Should I stay or should i go
Looks Yummy<3
yes/maybe/I love it.
1000 followers is all it will take.
my boss is a runner of 25 years. He suggested to run in grass for while if you can to build up to it.
same here.
Can I be 16 & live in LA, London or NY. That would be great.
MT : Beth Cummings of Diffraction Fiber will be Tues Nov 8, 7pm to present on setting up a successful shop.
.. so true for most of Amorica these days!!!
My Dad says the craziest things I swear !
word RT : Thats real love “ My Auntie roll blunts for her nigga and don't even smoke...”
20 bucks says takes home Best Picture tonight at the
One more interview and then I'm gonna get shit housed
Lucky guy!! The sausage thing was great too!!
Patrick Nyarko seemed to be shaken up a bit, gets up just fine.
I'm obviously a fanboy, but I have no issues with the other consoles. I just happen to only own PS3s.
Congrats to Stephanie of on her nuptials this past weekend! She looked gorgeous!
glad your body is behaving. :) mine is behaving, but now I'm getting breakouts/hives with the regular soaps I use, so...
working :-) what are u doin?
- LitFuse - Totally agree... it keeps getting worse.
This guy's Siri on the bus next to me totally just tried to set us up on a coffee date.
Awesome! Thanks for sharing!
yay! Another birdie who loves fresh basil :)) I'm holding off munching on it until it grows a little •>
yes it is bad
you're face wasted with your face cut up doing a half smile While some dude is holding you I DIED
An educated person is a wise person, and wisdom creates a better chance of justice resulting in freedom and democracy preserved & sustained
then move somewhere not too far from me :(
Sometimes you're hot and sometimes you're not. But never break that smile. Grant
RT : NOTORIOUS BIG DREWBYRD REMIX...PARTY &amp; ????????
At long last. Is Rush walking right into his "have you no shame" moment? #BoycottRush #P2 #TCOT cc
RT : The bitch across from me has been blasting CALL ME MAYBE for the past 8 hours.
-T. S. Eliot : "For last year's words belong to last year's language and next year's words await another voice."
In music, everyone is a critic and expert. Opinions are stated as facts. It's just human nature. Get over it and keep smashing forward.
Wow--Addicted by Lydia Parks got nominated for an RT award. Yippee!
hahaha, that's awesome <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0087><U+2754><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
RT Kale has over 100% Vit A&K. Hide in dishes to get daily greens. + to soups & stews, stir fry & spaghetti sauce.
Thanks Amanda. Check it out #newplay folks! #sitcon's happening
Tired times for Ms Nat-attack. Ready to curl up in bed with an episode of Gossip Girl :)
hi brian sent u a direct message my friend!
Only(1) more day to register for, "Bailando con Verizon"Dance contest Martini! Register & Win a trip to Chicago! Call 402 714 6027!!!
Great article my Brother
Hey allergies, fuck you. That is all. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Garrison at #packers: focus on inactive customers for opps. to re-engage. Focus on best customers to deepen relationship.
Your dad says, "go ask your mom." Your mom says, "go ask your dad." Now, you understand double recursion.
"Always concentrate on how far you have come, rather than how far you have left to go. The difference in how easy it seems will amaze you"
Watching some kind of medal award ceremony for John Glenn, Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin, and Mike Collins.
the beginning of the new session is on February 6th...
Watchin the playoffs. At home. Living the good life. RETWEET
n-ice... cream lol
for sure!
may leave u hanging again, another game just started
if I know you and you're in Rochester , please check your fb events page for a bonfire party invite.
Horrible bosses is hilarious<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
LA art fans check out "None of These Clocks Work" 8pm Art is Shit, 642 Moulton Ave. W-12 LA
we're musical soul mates. ;)
I AM SO HAPPY YOU LOVE DA BOYZ AS MUCH AS ME! YAAAAAAAAAAYYY FOLLOW !!!
I don't like Jordans. I'm good. Or Vans.
Great Sunday afternoon listening to/watching LIFE: A Journey Through Time with music by Philip Glass
dang there's a marathon?! Super jealous
<3 how you sampled Fresh Prince in Bartholomew
theres nothing wrong with taylor swift hahaha i just went to see her
nice mustache.
i like diet soda better than regular. but that's just me.
ahah now were ripppin straight blunts instead
Enjoying a #beautiful night with my family. :)
i know right? I think it's impossible, cause they're so AMZAING! :D
• My opinion doesn't affect the Brewers, MLB, or baseball. It doesn't cause global warming or cancer. Doesn't matter.
Got to get back on a track.... I'm so tierd of waiting for studio...
Always restless.
i want to know why you said that last night ? cause i believed it .
Nissan's Green LEAF Explores the Urban Jungle on Earth Day 2012 - ReadMedia (press release)
If anyone wants to buy an iMac let me know! I'm selling mine
6 a.m. at the office. New record. Love those international phone calls.
Ah! I meant DD2!!!
Check out GinaArt.org for great contemporary art at prices for every budget.
Thanks to our great panelists, co-sponsors, and all in attendance! #wawomenwant has been a huge success!
My shoulder is breaking out...-___-
if u go to YouTube and search timbers Tetris there are a few vids!
Thanks for the plug Megan. We've got some new info on #attendance and #prek coming soon in our next newsletter.
where to this week Mr. Reilly? Addis Ababa?
omg yaaayay you should have a random meet and greet while your here! we miss you so much here in NY! <33
New Barnet Courtyard Offers Space for Art and Respite
We have more friends on TV tonight! You can watch Jennifer Hall aka Penny from UnLEASHED in UP ALL NIGHT on NBC at 8pm.
it gives such good insight!!! The things the tours won't mention...
Love the new She & Him Christmas album!
If marathon runners train to be competitive, that means you have to take same methods to apply them to your career. Research & practice!
Go CAVS! Casspi looks nasty. Wonder if Mike Brown misses bitter winters?
Ortega products??? That is fitting.
with KelliDunnn <3 Makes my day so much brighter :)
RT : Congrats to on making it to Nationals for the second straight year!
where've u ben ?
“: If YOU could tell the team ONE thing, it would be ___________.”don't give up the ship
The weather's getting better by the hour, I hope it rains there all the time.
Well that's fucking AWESOME! No need to cus though. Cusing is bad for the soul.
WOW! that bus didn't even beep-
don't be so hard on jimmy!
I think we replaced your replacement?
Ok Thanks
Anytime! The idea is that GETs are safe and idempotent and POSTs are not.
"The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it." ~Henry David Thoreau (via )
Getting excited about a fun week of food, family, friends and giving thanks!!
Wow go all day in a house with no service then as soon as i get home i get 9 texts i feel loved
It's a sad day, one of the great sax player past on. I guess God needed a sax player for his R & R band. You will be missed by all. RIP:-(
Lol i can give u sum of mines its the big bottle.
Greatly enjoyed teaching #CyberPRMTSU yesterday! Great questions and even gave me a lot to think about. Thanks
Who else thought that Jos A. Bank was an actual bank at first? Lol
Im tired of the people i love treating of like shit..
Pondering photo booth props for TC Disrupt NYC...any ideas? The more creative, the better.
How many more #Brewers will be HBP before this series is over!
What a great time last night at the Federal Affair, so many great players out supporting music.
I love u so much I live right near Washington dc come by haha guess Wat my moms bday is on Christmas always will b fan love u
Isn't our family famous for knitting? I have three scarves that are half done in the closet. They have been half done for 7 years.
I'll be in the RF bleachers on Saturday.
going to get my hair done!
haha GO TO SLEEP (:
Early bird rate for SMILEcon in Dallas ends Sept 10th. www.theSMILEConference.com
Awesome, well hopefully, it helps you sleep... but you should run more anyways, it's good for ya!
awesome! Great job!
things are good. How was your weekend?
Reminder: Early-bird discount for the May 8 #sentiment symposium ends today!
I cant fuck wit a young nigga they always expect a bitch to do everything , square ass
ah!! Thanks!
I think we should be rooting for the Mavs to win tonight...in 12 OTs.
“: I'm just a summer girl <U+2600>” oh. cool.
I sure am hungry. Resisting the urge to buy food at the airport.
Colder Weather - Zac Brown Band
have we learned nothing from the Geico commercials? Cave men are people too!
Drinking my green juice from my coors plastic cup for breakfast.
no respect is what it is
I think they shouldn't have spring training...
Oh! That's bull! Me n killed y'all!
Thanks! You should check out some updates we just posted to the site. ;)
i did!!!! but we only stayed till about 11:15 anyways
Job fair coming up soon for a ATL office. Stay tuned!
Off to get library cards in Highgate and Kentish. We love Highgate Library Day is 5 March
not gunna say i dnt like it wen ppl holla@ me Wat woman dnt? But ill ask u2 respect my marriage &keep the convo decent...
i was using txt. did u get my msg about ur song i wonder and its impact on my life?
Hope you're feeling better and back on the field in no time!
Never apologize for being positive! Fingers crossed and good vibes being sent your way!
I'd love to work with you. My work is mostly commercial and I have installations on the West coast.
Nearing completion of the movie adaptation synopsis.
Traffic signal problems in Minneapolis. noticing delays? Email
Made my morning to see u!! RT delightful monday morning ...got to feel 's baby move!
It feels so early...
NO! It is going to be me and Maddy and Jade! NO KAYLA! :P
Obama and Clinton off to Cartagena gabfest - Washington Post (blog)
it's actually hurting my eyes! Lol
Scallop n shrimp Skewers with a special sauce... Its gonna be good!
Best offensive inning of #Brewers #postseason history?
THE MEN at Mississippi Studios, 6/23. Fuck yeah.
Left hand, right hand, it doesn't matter. I'm amphibious- Charles Shackleford
Refer Somebody and receive a $50 discount on your next AD!!
Just know no one can take your place<3
Awesome Mother Daughter date, now off too bed!!! Goodnight ya'll!!!!
Add me on Facebook, and like my Facebook page!
I'm ina silly mood today =P
Last Day to Like us on Facebook (SBXThe125) & post where you would go in SD with $50 of gas in your tank and win a $50 gas card!
Too early to tell w/o seeing whole plan. But can I call Rams the LA frontrunners now that I'm a columnist? Guess I just did.
Good luck with your phone interviews #JMS581! I was in ur shoes-trust me, you'll survive...but it sure ain't easy : ) Don't get discouraged!
“: I love things about her but I don't love her.” love this song <U+2764>
New Background <3
Right now I'm working from microfilm copy though, so a look at the original should solve it, thankfully
Oops! Accidentally approved someone who's been spamming me with job opportunities on LinkedIn.
A few things I love about being single is that I get to focus on my music, get to move 2300 miles away without caring.. And masturbation.
o thats cool, whats the theme if there is and whats the color of ur dress, im mad im asking all these questions lol
ugh i can't even like why do i not have jack barakat like in my house right now? This is a legit logical question thoo.
Seeing starting #optometrist base salaries around $90k + productivity bonus. Need productivity if they want bonus to pay off their loans.
Happy Birthday to today! Hope to see you and get a hug- have a great day.
ADAAA - the "assume disability and attempt to accommodate" act not Americans with disabilities act amendment act.
[jack gilbert] the first fist, the thirst
*16 and pregnant
I heard the 'National Lampoons Vacation' remake just got the green light. Knock it off, Hollywood! Quit ruining these film's legacies.
Yay! I think I finally convinced the people in my household to get rid of cable television!
Fuck, I second that motion (for myself of course). If only I could afford such a thing!
That was well done. Wakefield to Mirabelli.
that's cause I love that picture of you three!
The Best Diabetes Treatment « cre8tive M.V.
im sad that the first election i get to vote in is such a boring election. Z at both candidates <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
ha! I like that! thats my new slogan!
I don't care Booboo I just miss you so much u.u
Any Super Bowl plans? or forgetting they're even on
Just saw a homeless man with a sign saying "hungry & ugly." Makes me sad :(
oh yeah..... AC bills off the charts.
From the "Far Right Conservative New Language" 1) Kenya: an island in the Hawaiian chain where President Obama was born.
I love camping. Like you I can't get to everything to participate and talk as much as I'd like to...
SPIT YOU OUT!
If the Devils stay out of the box, they win this game easily.
running my 6th half-marathon this year! Shooting for under 2 hours this time.
Your very welcome ! We are so ready to learn and meet everyone
Louis is about to get this FOOT!
#thatawkwardmoment when the person KNOWS they deciphered something wrong but play it off as if they are right ...lol =P
take your charger
Another great time at WMSE #rockabillychili! Favs: Stubby's,Wicked Hop, Molly Cools, Jake's Deli, & Palomino/Attebury.
My mommy is the best cooking me a separate dinner cause I'm a princess <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080>
Definitely! What time? Any layover?
I love you.
EBGamesAus Demon's Souls for greatest PS3 game of all time. Until Shadow of the Colossus HD is released that is.
Bout to step into this pass life regression session...let us see
excited about the Spurs game tonight!
Haha ok... But you should pull for them everyday because they're so good! And Kinsler is so cute!
I just realized its thursday. Thought it was friday
Im securing a TV show for fall, a group of industrials here in Chi, and trying to finalize a few partnerships.
Tell your fave joke & win 2 tickets 2 our show Oct. 8 @ The Box! Can be original, off a popsicle or a fave comedian's! Submit by 2 tomorrow!
Piano bar-ing with and the Acrees lol
I absolutely do have the best girlfriend EVER!!!!:)<3
ARE YOU AWAKE? Did Chanel crash in your room last night?!?
feelin good. rehearsal later.
I am a huge Train fan. Even the new album and its mainstream sound...I can't not support them!
Can"t wait for the Club T tomorrow night at Red Rock
Like how Colts war room ppl act like NASA landing on the moon. High fiving eachother for picking Andrew Luck
I'm seein you in less Than 2 MONTHS, I am #SOEXCITED :D
This game is turn up!
Yum! Thanks for the tasty Mexican Hot Chocolate Brownies yesterday! It was nice meeting you guys!
why u sad??
Tebow!! this is the first time that ive been on and you've been on, haha its kinda cool :), God Bless, your a really great guy :)
Bagel and a banana cream yoplait light yogurt :) yum
Thanks for stopping by #LocalLoveEvent !!!
Fuck Bitches Get Money .
Going to sleep,
Took new company phote today for our catalog. My ugly mug is going out to 400000 businesses nationwide!
Mind blown and stomach on the verge of exploding after Adventure Time marathon/feast at Alamo... And now back to Cine Las Americas...
Thanks JAzmin for following us :D xoxo
Running through my apartment dancing and singing to
Titanic exhibit, Shark Reef, Bellagio fountains, were kinda cool. The real highlight of the day was a woman answering her phone, "Annyong".
SHRED SOME GNARRRRR
Thanks to Cody Simpson for following me. #ohWait he hasn't :(
rip late starts on wednesday.
RT : #ideas2action udemy: ascribes to gates idea that soon all best lectures will be online & free.
Just realized that I forgot to call my Grandma on her birthday. Want to cry :( She is THE BEST!!
Nice! How was the fairgrounds and ?
thank! :D
Dr going to retest in 6 mos- then poss. food challenge
SORRY but Elise does NOT belong in the bottom 3. No way. She's probably one of the most unique ones there. Glad Skylar made it though!
Everyone follow this girl ----> She works her ace off and her parents own a fantastic winery Check it yo!
Melo is too clutch
RT : I'm excited to photograph this event! “: SELECT 2012 opens tomorrow! Saturday, February 11 6-8pm! FREE!...
hahhhaha hey I just met you and this is crazy but call me maybe
Do you remember being surprised when I didn't want to keep going to swim meets after you aged out? :-)
Just heard your name previewed on 1250. Best of luck on there sir!
good I'm at school already
the town is in hiatus cuz im here and not you
Utah (for quite some time) was a hub for aerospace and aeronautics - military. So lots of technical expertise and engineering
For the first time in a long, long, long time, our benches outside are visible! However, it appears the plow got one of the arms.
If nobody is making a SpaceChem MMORPG, I shall despair utterly.
This morning I saw a #Christmas gift sitting on my desk from the Boss. Needless to say it was a Leatherman. I am now ready for anything!
Omg dude is having heated argument with wife about infidelity via phone on bus.
#FF Lucky to have amazing colleagues as part of my PLN:
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 36
I wish my freaking laptop worked
Well I was born in the sign of water & its there that I feel my best. The albatross & whales they R my brothers. Time 4 a Cool Change
west coast pals-don't miss out on sunday's annular eclipse! and don't look right at it without eye protection!!
Happy Saints Day .... www.worldchampionfans.com GET YOUR BANNER TODAY!
we deliver #sushi right to your door.
McKenna's Timewave said nothing about the world ending, nor did the Mayans. Hollywood did.
Nice dinner with Daniel Coulon of Beaurenard last night at La Mere Germain; now off to taste some more CDP.
yah I fell asleep last night
feels like you dnt really wanna wake up tomorrow morning lol so u say that to motivate urself lol
A true adventurer goes forth aimless and uncalculating to meet and greet unknown fate
jakeeey i like cake! FOLLOW ME AYE?
Ugh headache! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Not in them heels! :D
I saw a kid who looked like Nick Mara yesterday.
Watching the shuttle launch online makes me even more excited to attend the #NASATweetup next month!
Call it the same way that you call it the first 10 seconds. Hope they meet them in #NCAA Tourney.
Join us! -MT : Tomorrow's #CrawfishMambo Cook-Off has been relocated inside the Cove! Close to parking,far from the elements!
ok ok FB bought Instagram soo wat? i dnt get y its a big deal
Who cares? Your opinion matters less than mine..
At Serb Hall to hear Vinehout, Barrett, Falk and LaFollette tell me why I should vote for them. Starts at 6:30!
La Dispute is such an inspiration.
New Orleans this one is for you H-Town stand up
Gotta say this #broncos #patriots mash up is making for a pretty riveting game. It's only 1st quarter!
Burress possibly to the #RAIDERS? Damn that be nice.
Can I get that shirt though?
#Howaboutwe cut the bullshit and stop acting like we really give a damn :))
If you want a new entertainment and sports complex in Sacramento RT this!
Angel just had her baby! Omg I luv him already!!!!<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation!
The development environment looks very clean. Moving files from devl into production requires additionals SKILLS. dmp
Can u send me another link? I can't see it :(
Yep. There was bipartisan opposition to Bernie Sander's proposal that would have simply raised the cap to fix SS.
WHO WANTS TO BE IN A JJUSTIN BIEBER VALENTINE FAN VIDEO? TWEET MEE
She is a scary cat she ran
Every #soccer team has'em. THE MIND READER: Will announce to her team that the player playing against her is a b*tch based solely on looks.
Made me think of Titanic
me too. Worrying about too many things.
or you can shop on line at jcwesternwear.com
Who's going out for Draft fun tonight?
Flat Tires are dumb.
I'm really angry my Twitter was suspended...
Hate morning classes
Dear Coastal San Diego resident , we have no sympathy :P
We fought hard Avon.
my favorite note of the weekend. Miss u guys.
I missed this. Chris Brown for worst lip syncing performance, right?
I've never seen you mad. How do you do it? BTW, do u know any engineers who are in need of a career? We have positions open
“Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking.” ~ Henry Louis Mencken
i need you, like a bird needs his feathers. if there's some one better, i still haven't found her yet.
We have a new server ready - vpn-in85 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in New York, NY. It's available in your customer area now.
doesnt Laviolette deserve blame for Pitting Lilja on ice after his game 1 blunder?
hysterical bachelor link. Ha !
": #WeirdFactAboutMe If I had the time, I would change my dorm room around every week." This makes me happy (:
Thanks for this weekend. It's only Saturday and it's been lovely.
life in the fast lane
being authentic RT : RT Be memorable by walking your talk.
oh that sucks, I'm headed back from LA's gray/brown cold haze, was hoping for some sunshine in #Miami :/
no suit, but the man does fill out a button down shirt.
Oh, yum!
have you seen lately? He had a crazy hot chick last time I saw him...
Ever suffer a sex injury?
u wanna go?
is excited to see what this new year brings...hopefully lots of good things! :)
I'm sorry
Why We Can't Farm Out the Teaching of Writing - Chronicle of Higher Education (subscription)
Morton: Biosphere as an ocean of anxiety where objects bob up and down.
Smh I gotta stop talking bout eating pussy in the rhymes
RT : ehh thats not a terrible idea but thats like having two melos but then we would be forced to draft 4's
yes girl I've got to
im hungry loll peace bbl:)
hey guys please spread the word about this page please<33
we have a jealous #lawlorff over here because of Sophia. may have a tiny crush on you.. ahaha :)
DJ Lance is my boyfriend.
well haha just felt like tweeting you Good night!
Call Cascade Florists for that Late-In-The-Day Gift Delivery or Last-Minute-Boutiques! 1-866-767-3247
Thanks for the shout out! :)
I've been thinking bout going to church lately
Chloe what's your skype name???
FUNNY YOU SHOULD ASK! Get 1/2 off your appetizer or entree every third time you check in and free drinks for the mayor!
go vig or go home
Got my new phone:D
hey good luck!! I remember my first quilt.. and it is still my favorite...
I think you're going to get a lot of guys signing up for next weeks class after posting this picture! :)
Iowa State won!!!!!!
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
Woah guys!!! Lunch with my cousin N my grandfathers in the house. Today's lunch: Pasta, beef, tomatoes and grape juice.
word. I tried packaging Bernard Scott as well but a different guy has him & he is being super difficult, wants way too much.
how though ;o....you one lucky gurl</3 i woudl really wanna be you</3
Right?! My god...fans these days.
I think i Decided where I'm going to school next year.
She's young. Give it time.
Ew, this guy outside is walking barefoot and his feet are all black O.e
Thanks 4 following me! Do you have a bakery of your won? I am looking for an Artisan Bakery to feature in a future article
Living and loving life... Blessed.
wondering if , and I could entice you to a hike one of these days?
“: Tony Shaloub?” yeah that's the guy
The Vikings weren't the only thing to collapse in the Metrodome this year.
“: how many times must we play the same damn song on the radio??? We nee to take the radio over!” Let's Occupy the Radio!!!
(i just said that by accident HA)
go to extra time podcast 30th April min 59
Spent 4th of July visiting my dad in the hospital. Cancer sucks!!
Lovely... Impact on Financial markets?
#Rangers acquisition in simple math: (Wilson/douche-factor)^Lee = Yu
Hey #Flyers fans we don't celebrate regular season wins, we celebrate playoff wins AND Stanley Cups.
If I go to your Tweet stream, I can see all your posts, except the direct messages.
#InCaseYoudidntKnow I wish dead people had visiting hour.
omg. You're one of those crazy people. And theres no point in trying to reason with crazy
Brewers beat the Cubs again.
hey make don't you have some yard work to be doing?! You light skinned shit rat!
Im in the kwik-e-mart hahahaha
every art project I do I always use ur name in it ha :] #just.Thought.You.Shuld.Know !!
unless there are trusted independent location escrow services - ala FireEagle
nice, i think you'll kill it there, btw i really liked that Basquiat portrait of yours
Got it :) : An asskisser with no point of view #PeoplePleaser lol
#SwaggyB doesn't believe in Oz but does!
Not block, more like remove inappropriate pictures.
My nephew visited me last week, I had a blast with him..Miss him!! Its good to have kids around!!! It brings out the child in you!
there is no end to how much I love erasing things from my to-do list
Bring back the Whalers!!!!I agree 100%
RT guys ;please help us trend #BYEonRadio :))
sipping on some stuff
LA bus drivers use two speeds when driving and two speeds only. Way Too Fucking Fast or Entirely Too Goddamn Slow.
my mom is doing it now and has lost 24 lbs! its the only thing that's worked for her, so i figured i'd give it a try
Me no speak english
Check out our Video and give us a vote"God's Anointed Soldiers",, for do the Jingle
Thank You --> Mindfire is the SABRE Awards PR Product of the Year?! Big congrats, !
Also went to a Nashville AFof M meeting this week. Really love what Pres Pomeroy & VP Krampf are doing for musicians.
Writing the pages of history, this page.... Denver, p.s. u guys ROCK!
We’ll be at the Yelm Home and Garden Show April 28-29! Come and say hello if you’re in the area?
Just peed in a field with Angela
#kids Comedy Pet Theater: Comedy Pet Theater from Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 4:00 PM to Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 5:30 PM Jubilee Theater 3645...
BBQ's does and don'ts. Cinco De Mayo Celebration and who will be headlining. Fun things to do in Denver in May.
Surly Abrasive is back...online and in the store
#ThoughtsAtWalmart Walmart is wack! Target is soo much better!!!!!
Record late snow to spring fever! RT : How's everyone diggin' the 60s today? My car showed 69 on 217 near Tigard.
yeah, that's what I'm thinking.. but if it's really him I'm totally skipping!!
bum man boogie
Order TonyTat Art, prints, posters, customized Art? Check out samples on TonyTAT Custom Art design page on FB. tonytat8789 for orders.
Now thats for sure RT disagree. White pants on the other hand lol
I'm a grown ass man. Imma call you RON!
Haha i still have 3 more years!
Thanks a lot Kim. Hope you are well.
Hey ! If you love SOCIAL NETWORKING like FACEBOOK and TWITTER try Mr. Info's Social Network at mrinfoguide.socialgo.com
LOL! I was just loud at the spa thanks to you;) (Ross' quiet hands)
BOOM! It's gonna be HUGE! Tell all your friends!!
We I'm waiting YEAH
Please Help me to have more followers !!
Whenever life has you down, check out Missed Connections on craigslist and think, "At least I'm not at this point in my life yet."
am i in love.? or is this a crush like the one's in kindergarten.? :D
I care for special needs men. 6 super heros singing loudly to ur Live NYC DVD last night. Life is good! Thanks for the joy!
The Pirates! Band of Misfits opens this wknd. For local theatres & showtimes text PIRATE & your ZIP CODE to 43549. No charge to text
Check out the latest InterActivity 2012 Concurrent Session Teasers on ACM's Facebook page!
I can finally move on when my heart finally understands, that yesterday remains yesterday & it will never be the same again.
When I'm bored people never text me or they take forever to reply but when I'm busy people text me and reply right away.. -__-
Nothing wrong with being a skeptic. Shouldn't simply use a tool because it's there.
RT : & – be sure to check out the success stories of companies that benefited from the 35% advantage....
wow no one follows me so i'm tlaking to myself.
cholesterol? High blood pressure? Not good for these people...but looks delish I must admit
Damn, watchin the #Badgers win got me stoked for Indianapolis
oh ok
give me back my phone, or you'll never see your computer again.
The KUIK Auction has started log on and start bidding. Support radio you love. bit.ly/9Wn1ps
: almost #5Minutes until the #BOYFRIENDvideo premieres - get ready LEGGO
Are people liking the kinder, gentler Howard Stern on America's Got Talent? Not enough edge, or just right?
Same with Outkast - Funky Ride
I have just invented a pass that is way to complicated. It is overkill, and awesome. I will be adding it to my book.
i think it would behoove occupiers to hold some sort of vigil for the victims.
Good first inning for Pettitte! Now let's give him some run support!
Open Jam tonight starting @ 10pm...great drink specials all night!!! Call ahead to get on the JAM LIST.
Know of any #emac students (especially grads) doing interesting things on the outside? We want to know!
"Racial profiling is unAmerican and counterproductive in keeping us safe" (D-MD)
Rereading Asimov's "Foundation." I forgot how good it is. A bit dated. Everyone smokes, for example, but still a great story.
Happy Good Friday everyone!
Google translate doesn't do latin for crap
Personality marketing is the latest trend in branding in an era of information overload, virtual relationships & ADD
Lets get #Solisten to play on in NEWYORK!
I find it funny how #oomf is talking shit about pregnant women..when it was a pregnant woman tht brought his stank ass into this world
Hey, uh...neighbor? Your alarm is going off. It's midnight. And I'm trying to sleep. Think you can do something about that?
Hillis is my homeboy.
whats good my man? Did you call last night? I got an unfamiliar number. In any case how you doing bro?
which burger is that? Doesn't look like a sticky monkey?
*cough* racist RT Whats this the "white guilt" segment?
Excited and humbled to be in this show. Please help to make it see the light of day. Spread the word! Thanks so much.
Rediscovering my obsession with Amy Winehouse's "Back to Black" album. #np "You Know I'm No Good"
Lucky those made it to Nobel Prize! How many died before they even get there due to manipulation of "invisible sensors & Qigong?"
oh shit! I remember that haha I personally favored ninja turtles
What did we miss?
No tweets from how will I know how the ranger really are doing
I have a wedding this weekend lol.
Big Dog! RT : First day at Chrysler... We in the money... Lol
Check outvthe 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLCs @ stratejoy.com ! Share a laugh, feel inspired, leave some love! :)
Worst night of my life! My car broke down in the middle of nowhere nd my fone was dead fml!
Next stop... Dunkin donuts.
I love you Niall
Fortune comes in by a merry gate.
May have had something to do with my instructor =) Enjoy Colorado!
Aw Thanks Lady!!
conscious beings
Wade throwing batting practice
Twitter should have a claws fur dealing with bad cat puns. I Manxious enough already.
Happy Year of the Dragon Everyone!
I saw them last night at the Share This Party- were amazing!
"TUFF" loss for the Coyotes.
Excited to her #socialmedia insights from Michael Stelzner of Definitely my fav social media resource.
GM, lemme know how that works for you
Ma goes to her purse, pulls out a camera for the babe, and a red bull for dad
I've never driven one of those, but I bet I could have a ton of fun with one at the Mid-Ohio racetrack. :D
Ever wondered why the people on those TV makeover shows never seem to get dirty on the job site? Me too...
omg Austin is so cute when he sleeps!!!!
yep. and then I took it down 2 hours later. I'm a bit more trusting than most. :)
My phonebill is going to be insane this month
A little girl just screamed "you're pretty!!" at me
yo man DM me your info. forgot to get it.
S/o to the dudes that lied and said that they cared about me!!
People in #Chicago: do not ride in cab #912, he would not pick me and Charlie (dog) up today and take us to his vet appointment.
favorite bball shoe of all time?
oh nice!
haha pretty sure you know as much as I do about what it take. You just got to do it!
No problem! Good luck tomorrow!
Oh why the loss of followers :(
very cool
grew up here came back for the weekend to visit friends. Hope you're enjoying my hometown!
Check out the new video teaser for Transatlantic-More Never is Enough. www.radiantrecords.com
lol too funny
Showing some support from Gambino and Darichboyz Urocktour success here we come time to "Travel the world"
WTF is #pennhillslies TT for? I live in Penn HIlls. IT SUCKS! Funny to see it trending though!
Want to learn to change oil on my car. 1) It would save $$$, and 2) it would give me something interesting to say on twitter afterward...
& I LOVE YOU
Together we are Giant ...
so good to see you too sir! :)
your welcome:) haha
If you have a holiday event coming up & need a DJ, get in touch with He's awesome!
brand new???
Can't wait for BUZZOV-EN on Feb 15! It's been many years Richmond. The RETURN OF BUZZOV-EN on FEb 15
not a damn thing is going on i am so very bored right now ..
awesome! We're already starting to think about next year.
Job hunting <
Jim Morrison, of the 60's rock group The Doors, was the first rock star to be arrested on stage.”
I've put in a few DISH Network satellite systems in Mariposa. It's a beautifully designed community! - New Mexico Satellite Man.
NO Davy Jones!!! :'( RIP Davy Jones
im still looking for another music video to do in june. so far I only have one and I need at least 2 more.
Not sure I understand correctly... Are you looking for a designer or are you a designer looking for work?
that's good:)
I remember when people liked music for music.when it was real and based on their life. What happened to all that
Typical Wednesday night: full up on veggie pho for dinner and now sipping Malbec and reviewing a manuscript at Aster in B-lard.
Love McAdoo's game.
Go figure - MT : What happens among individuals with mandatory mail offered a retail 90 alternative? Most preferred mail.
i wanna write a song ... a song that's good.
IM GOOD IM JUST ANNOYED ABOUT TRAFFIC SIFAJJSODKDIFJS HOW ARE YOU
So ... now that you are home are you back in the present? I know what's going to happen to u in 2 hrs because I'm in the future :P
"I don't like you I just think you're hot and I check your Facebook 30 times a day" lololol what kids in my school tell me
Oh my gosh I cant see like anything without my glasses. I have the worst vision ever.
I now realize where I get my dangerous ass driving skills from.
Today's Soups: Cream of Spinach, Chicken Dumpling, & Chili
hell yeah we are
idk. I'm not on senior board.
#TheWalkingDead continues to make strides, but Lori has got to be the dumbest f'ing character in the history of TV.
We're Skyping with 's mama and grandma. It might be the funniest video chat ever. His grandma is Betty White 2.0.
Everyone wish a happy birthday! And if you're not following her, do so, thank me later.
I'm so serious when I say "WHO WANTS TO MAKE 1,000 DOLLARS A WEEK FROM HOME, NO SELLING"...its my job to make sure you actually do it
Couldn't agree more, if there is no website, I think twice about going there.
When a girl follows you It means she wants you for sex right?
Thanks for the RT!
Good seeing you again. Kyle did very well in the studio session. Definitely seems eager to take up the banner and run with it.
Four more days for Pumpkin Milkshakes and Smoothies at #Burgerville! Hope everyone is enjoying the sun!
please follow mei love yu so much <3 <3 please i love Glee and i love Quinn <3 please follow me
Hey, #musesocial gang, what do you think of art museums on tumblr? On pinterest? Should we be there? If so, what should we be doing?
RT PLZ! Need a 2nd chance? Know someone who does? IS THE PDX 2nd chance landlords! Call us & share this plz! : ) TYTY
Very proud of you baby girl! Your word is everything. RT~ “: I'm just a kid but I know how important it is 2 keep ur word.”
sex..y
Today will be the death of me. Especially next period
Kid today in my PE class tried to tell me my were terrible. So I hit em with a dodegball. #playoffs #gospursgo don't wry he's ok lol
Oprah has more than 10m so maybe that's what it will require to reach true bliss.
Send lawyers, guns and money. Dad, get me out of this.
So, optical fiber is better, faster and more flexible than traditional copper
College life is keeping me busy!
awesome hand shake but an even better good bye! Head up shawty I will greatly miss you! We only gonna create more memories!
i agree
I don't know how anyone else feels about it, but I think if RG3 really wants to be the face of the Redskins he really needs to cut his hair.
Just followed a person back..
RT : Our #FF in #Leadership are and Grateful!
Found a secrete compartment in my car today. Now, what to put in there...
#BOL see! I no where u live lol
Rediscovering a lot of things I forgot.
AH! BEST FRIDAY THE 13th EVER!!!!!
don't think that exist seis de mayo is today
Just kidding,scared of bovine beasts!!! Too big!!!
New season of Project Runway starts in 2 hours and 20 minutes!
with who
Had fun 2day with my bestfriend n her friend friend... lol
Opposition testimony to HB 1228 mainly focused on generalities not on actual opposition to bill language.
U can take #NewEngland out of that tweet.
Order sent to Rodeo in TX!
#cnnnye Happy New year from Chardon, Ohio! Kathy Griffin is such a randy little mynx...
Around family for holidays now I can say I've seen my grandfather drunk...
Blue Ivy huh? ... Blue Steel!
What's going on with the site?
Time to make some homemade pizza and watch a movie
If I had your love, I'd be happy :)
Just listened to "The Barefoot Executive" EXCELLENT! Will buy the bound edition soon... very soon.
Back in town!!! Anybody need to buy a home??
yall still on the road ?
That was fascinating. Thanks for sharing.
I know! We actually joked about finding one to attend! LOL!
The need for someone to sit down everyone involved and say "Look assholes, here's how it's gonna be"?
Aint really had a great day!! Food wasnt great and y girl just accused me of having a hicky!! WTF
May you have a wonderful Good Friday. See you tonight at 7pm for a service that will prepare you well for Easter.
trying so hard to be patient for the #SoListen video, and #paradise. But HUUURRRRYYY!!!
omg i'm your 22 follower :)
NAB NAB NAB NAB
$10 Target GiftCard w/ Purchase of $50 or More (Printable Coupon) via
Good morning! Lucky day.
I made a small deposit on cake poker and now find out there is no way to cash out. Min. $500 for check. Cant use other. This true?
- that's totally inspired. :)
but let's invent "Wine with Friends' - much more fun! Plus, it might be harder to get thrown off your flight (or easier).
The office got weird
Thank you! I've been looking forward it since last Christmas, it was snowing as I sipped the delicious wine~new tradition ;)
On this day in 1789, George Washington was inaugurated as the first president of the United States.
What's got you up late? Or maybe it's early where you are...
Catching up on the #DowntonPBS finale. Maggie Smith's "Do you promise?" to Carlisle is just perfect.
your phones broken awesome but now I got to listen to you complain about it for 50 min
hey there are some real assholes out there everyone! Stay cautious.
Finally accepted that you're a nice boy.
that's great!! I just left there.. Trying to get the bicoastal thang happening mayb I can get some advice on the scene
thanks for lunch and the sangria!!!
Hey Interview me, just because.
Congrats on your BEST ACTOR award at the #barebonesfilmfestival!
when ii meet justin im gonna be like your shoes untied, make him bend down AND SMACK HIS BUTT ;)
Something tells me you don't need to worry about the gym.
Twix ice cream bar is far superior to Snickers.
that shark was crazy scary/damn no more body boarding for me.
get faded just like a flat top
can't see the total!
Have you heard? We're on 90.1 WFYI. Listen in and when you hear our name, tweet about it!
- What's your favorite drink/bar in Chicago? We'll send you a $1 drink, but we're certain you'll want to send some too. JMo anyone?
Do you have a blog or somewhere else online where you write?
why ppl keep challenging you man you gots the energy pimpin keep it goin cant wait to see u blowing up
Is crab legs an option? Because I would order a lot of crab legs
I asked my mom if she would cry if I get married, she said "No, I would cry if you get a job."
revoke access to twitter from any outside apps, that might help
Happy Birthday Jeffrey! Hope you have an excellent day sir!
This is belated, but big props to Jesus for not shamelessly begging for retweets on his birthday.
#pr20chat Thanks for a great chat, everyone! If you want to be added to one of my Twitter lists or connect with me on LinkedIn, dm
who's we? Lol
Does your perception match the reality?
It's my mom's birthday today. She is the best. :)
Feeling like a zombie!
you racist fuck
I once slapped a bitch cause' she wouldn't show me her tits.
not sure if serious...
Late to the party on this Black Dice album, but... DAMN
How was your day Doni? By the way Happy Mothers Day(:
Nervous laughter happens, but try not to have it happen while discussing the Nazis
if double-standards are fun, I am having the time of my life.
No water = no pizza, and that makes us sad. We'll be opening at 4 once it gets turned back on. Thanks for all the advance notice, DCWater.
You two crack me up... pies & baseball.... Good old fashioned banter??!!
Did you see that sick layup by Galo!!?
YES!!!! RT : Shout out to Miss Jackson Looking Fresher than a Mofo..at 45!!
.'s looking pretty good this year. The only artist missing on the line up is soundtribe.
#thingsthatpissmeoff everything on tv is a fuckin reality tv show no dance show or a singing contest !! i miss tv shows i miss funnie
"For where your treasure is, there also will your heart be." Matthew 6:21
watch the notebook
Holy balls. Freaking out now guys.
Pius XI is entering the Woodland in 2012-13 for all sports. Muskego takes Pius XI's spot in the Classic Eight.
Hot sub getting engaged is probably the worst thing to happen to every single boy in HF
I know, right? Haha! Oh, well ... duct tape IS silver! :D
Congrats Michael. Great things happen to great people. You've earned it. Michael Coe=SB Champ
yes. Minus the tree delivery. (it was too heavy for Tree Baltimore to deliver). Oh well. Onward with the shrubs.
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.
Congrats to my Nephew Cody Patterson signed letter of intent to play football at College of the Redwoods.
This Friday at 7pm my trio is at Somethin' Jazz 212 E52nd St, NYC with Marcos Varella- Bass & Bruce Cox-Drums. Swing by and dig live jaz…
Liberty Hill beats CC West Oso 68-51 in a Boys 3A regional semi. Will meet CC Miller in Saturday's final.
also do not go see G-force because i heard it did bad at the movies
Shut the fuck up with all the #2012 stuff, no man knows when the world will end.
Hailing in ffx
#NSD AND AUSTIN DAY!! :)
Q: What's your costume for Halloween?
maybe it's your twitter icon
#NowPlaying Chillout Worlds - The Best Of The Extreme (via #chillout)
If Michael Sadler and Lady GaGa did a duet, it'd be called the GaGa Saga.
I'm one of the only people who can cheer my sister up .
Let me know what you're looking for.... Thanks !
Amen to that!!!
#Hawks ticketing staff participating in pictures to come...
He loved her, he trusted her, he made one mistake, he lost her.
I feel like I should watch Labyrinth today in honor of
Who said that?
Had Qdoba's for dinner. So much better then Moe's.
Feeling nervous for all of my loved ones in Arlington! Prayers!
Who travels for love finds a thousand miles not longer than one. Japanese proverbs
Just keep doing what you love and the experience will come:) Lots of hard work but worth it!!
Hahahah, "gets wind" :)
Did you call your mother today?? Happy Mother's Day!
3 papers down. 1 to go.
people who make things awkward <
Just Announced with Father John Misty at July 7th. No priest jokes, please!
Love Doesn’t Need To Be Perfect, It Just Needs To Be True.
Looking for scholarly research on the educational value of storytelling... anyone have a resource to share?
lol ! It's so cute(:
#salty my Michael Jackson shirt messed up...damn
you got it!
Cook-Required for a newly refurbished play area near Newark.Experience of working in a commercial kitchen is essential, you should hold a v…
Who validated your gangsta?
Attending ? Stop by the LJ sponsor table for a chance to win a Nook Color, Kindle 3G or tickets to our #ebksmt!
Insomnia is no joke :(
I can't play around with the spirits.
anything that gives you time to be creative without worrying about $ is great.
so glad you're enjoying!
i wont judge. Ill still sit by you at lunch.
. Think one of you could fix it where I'll get the TV Guide earlier than everyone else?
that's because the internet is made of BACON
Yup! Andrew Prinz + Scott Cortez= bliss RT : astrobrite w/none other than in tow, as well!! must. monitor. breathing
Well, my judgment includes plenty of experience with editing, haha
I am discussing cuts to TANF at a Committee on Human Services hearing going on right now.
shout out to everyone who follows me ! :)
Steel Cur Oatmeal. Takes about 1/2 an hour on the stove but worth it!
Not sure why.. but registrations are closed..for (sighs) What gives?
We now have a corporate office
I know It will take a Xmas miracle for TU to win. Just really want Blankenship to do well.
what type
Damn you had all angles covered tonight! Lol
KNX brings 'On Your Corner' to Anaheim Resort Area on April 20 - OCRegister
Where did January go? Finish the month with our Detox, Twist & Flow Workshop - Sun. Jan. 29 from 1:00pm-3:00pm with Niya.
It looks like Gossip girl episode 19 this season is gona be surprising as much as 2011 is !!!!.
i suppose i definitely don't dislike confrontation. Or double negatives.
My mom thinks I should b stocking shelves at Target. She sees that as a huge step up from writer/producer/editor/director.
happy birthday to me<U+E056>
thank you very much. I appreciate the message.
I must not drink enough water.
Look people, Ron Paul named his kid after his hero, Ayn Rand. This should tell you all you need to know about him.
Happy Friday!
"There are more than 260,000 teachers doing incredible work in this state," Padilla introducing SB 1530 regarding teacher dismissal
for a guy to do
Beautiful Sunday-- beautiful brunch. Happy Easter friends!
Where is your favorite cookies from? We just discover yummiest treasures
Check my background fareal !!! You already know, I Get DOWN!!!
Someone has to have a link to that Tamron Hall clip.
I'll be away for a while!
"You know, being a test pilot isn't always the healthiest business in the world." Alan Shepard, US first man in space on this day in 1961.
Thanks for the RT! Any chance I could get a copy of Endsley's original technical paper? It's NOR DOC 87-83.
haha yeah really
Watercooler OH: Passive-agressive behavior in reality television (cc )
Did the same for Biden whom I met in Baghdad Iraq in 2010 =D
Hope everyone just caught that Aaron Rodgers' E:60 piece. Really happy to call that guy my quarterback.
Ready to wrap up with a great panel, thank you MSLA!
Did you know that a healthy mouth can reduce rheumatoid arthritis pain? See J Perio, Apr 2009. Learn more: www.closys.com/research.html
Tacos for breakfast, HELL YA!(:
love today's blog! :)
I hate evening business meetings. Planning and Zoning. My only hope is that we're first on the agenda or we could be there until 10:00.
"Jane Lee" and "Hiroshi Senju." One or more may have just been books we ganked off Huff's bookshelf.
shit bored out what's up
Or any fee's
Bidding on my #afundforjennie auction is now closed. The final bid: $100.
Branyon with the bases loaded and one out
follow my friend
So excited for with this weekend
now i could've either just sat on my ass and pissed and moaned... (its get tweet limit :/ )
I need to get a free flight to marry my best friends in San Diego
Zombieland. Another awesome movie ;)
is always getting her fitness on! Thanks 4 coming 2 spin class! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00B2> She'll get thru that Airforce bootcamp easy! #100%Athlete!
are there any new dunk sb's coming out this month
so many to choose from! Zotero seems to be working for me so far!
So chalmers. Get the last shot. (·<U+3078>·)
Innotrac to Present at 2012 Internet Retailer Conference and Exhibition - Sacramento Bee
They can't the data plan expired.
Jus made my new Twitter
Hm. $829. There's the kicker. Of course the one I want is $829. Back to just one of them.
i'm hearing it more than seeing it, but I know Lamar is flooded
May or may not be suffering from a nervous breakdown.
Yes! Or like The Green Mile.
Will You Ever Come To SAN DIEGO California #AskAlexConstancio P.S I Love You................... =]
Good luck Lady Golden Bulls!!!!!
we could have takin you?
07 Hidden Ridge 55% Slope #Cabernet. Sleeper worth searching for. Big nose. Thick mocha, pepper, dark berry, oak. 30 sec finish 93 pts
omr is so freakkin hard #-> now
Love the photo, Dru!
I'm totally going to rt ur number lol
Dinner for Lunch.
Be on the alert to recognize your prime at whatever time of your life it may occur.
I want to start a heavy metal trio and call it "Threeitnam."
I told Edward I'm having a bikini part,but instead he walks to my house in his underwear!
ready I'm not even gonna open up the link and guess its alcohol. More specifically a Bud light lime??? Am I right?
Everyone have a safe and happy holiday.
Manchester United vs Everton later this morning. We need this win to be one away from #20! FORZA UNITED!!!!!!
Back in town after a nice vacation on Hilton Head Island. Now to catch up on email.... (this may take awhile)
After a night at the Union Terrace and the Greenbush, Erin says "nights like these make me sorry for anyone who doesn't live in Madison"
tell that to Wade Boggs
Potatoes are gonna' potate.
I have my parents to thank for that, those pesky bloodlines :)
boo uptown, yay downtown.
Thank you! Don't forget to #ShineYourDivine with us from time to time!
Mary Louise-Parker, Ving Rhames, & James Woods will be filming #JamesysBoys in #Baltimore starting on March 5th!
#BREAKINGNEWS - FOX 12 is breaking into programming right now with the latest on a three-alarm fire burning at Woodburn High School.
make them one then decide
Lol you're such a loser
Anthony you know that was not nice to beat my team. Glad to see you doing well. Congrats
you better be bringing some of them out west!!
If you an artist of any kind music sculpture whatever after you have established a hometown base You Must TOUR somewhere! Get out Get Going!
deserved every one of the #GRAMMYs won! She's amazing
Watching victorious. CAN I PLEASE GET A FOLLOW BACK?!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
What's the best way to reach hard-working, lower income earners in Lex? (Want to spread the word about free tax service through 2-1-1.)
Tea time? Quilt time. #hipster #grandmas :)
Building Dashboards for Recon... the joy...
i am going to commit suicide if doesnt follow me!
take note from the Phillipines for dry cracked skin!Use 1/4 cup of ginger, 1/4 cup of limes;chopped finely and rubbed onto problem areas!
So anyone who attends a college athletic event that's open to the public must pass background check? How could tOSU have known?
is the cake for a girl? You could be a gentleman yet!
i am launching an original music site to raise $$ for death row dogs. Will try to come to your fundraiser.
aw! RT : just heard the Met's players are going to have the beastie boys as their walk to the plate...
Also, hope they didn't OH me say to him "Hey, wanna watch season six of Friday Night Lights?"
Did I mention the #Brewers only have one out against the #Cardinals in the 9th? This is not over.
Its funny to hear people in miami talk about getting peyton manning. Bastards
A few more years!
That moment when you realize you've lost your phone
Judge Smyth says he hasn't seen the ad. Prosecutor Leon Schorr says he hasn't seen. Says prosecution not involved in campaign
was nice to RT my post. Wonder if he will ever accept my invite to spend an evening in Cincy? (Smile Doug!)
how was ur sound check r u still sleepy plaza retweet or answer me or follow me
Were you at the Monfort Lecture last night? Trying to CHANGE THE WORLD? Blog about it on MyCSU! E-mail .
tired and tooth hurts. Guess I'll play some more DC Universe.
Searching for new SB party food ideas. Starting w/'s cookbook "Eva's Kitchen". Love the stories + tips + recipes!
RT : Great teachers don't take students to a destination... they give them the tools to get there on their own.
usually critics hating a movie means I will love it. Those who can, act; those who can't become critics
Hello to the new delicious hearts
Makes you wonder if she was an #iubb fan before they were together RT : Please, ESPN, no more shots of Cougar and Meg Ryan.
High of 80 degrees here today!! It's never this warm in March. I love it! :)
#50 Madison definitely:)
Attending creative practice boot camp At the curb center
With the violence story local media had the well founded excuse of fear but now?
$10 stila Exclusive Palettes! I'll be in this weekend!!!!
How's it going twit fam? Hope everyone is having a great week! I know you're probably looking forward to the weekend like us
5 strikeouts in a row? Not very good.
looks awesome friend
Chihuahua hugs. <3
Awww what a cutie!
Don't hit on me while you're with your dad... How does one react to that?
I keep trying to turn off the lights downstairs in my kitchen and living room because it's too bright- can't turn off the sun.
I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me Superman.
whitney is not dead! My drummer just bought an 8 ball from her
“: Re-Recording EVERY song for the album! Wooooop!” I can't wait!
Twitter can be confusing sometimes. Like you're back in 6th grade and the only kid not in on the joke.
like why you should win and tell them about urself. they want interesting and yeah stuff like that haha
Omar Infante with The Miami Marlins first home run!!!!!
thanks! Did you spy the damsel can too?
Been a long time. Randomly was in LA last night and caught your show. Great times and music as always. Hope you are well.
working, working and sometimes playing! how about you?
it okay everyone pretty in there own way!!! :-)
I can't remember what song i wanted
Wow! This made it to Nashville. Sweet. Look out, Tennessee, here I come!
So, who's going to win tonight's #SuperBowl ... New York #Giants or New England #Patriots? And what's going to be the score?
nobody's getting sassy
Thanks, it's a lot of fun. You wouldn't believe the amount of insight we get from only working with unscripted business owners.
best advice: watch out! hubris and omniscience are UR greatest weakness. if U always win, C U on the cover of forbes. ; D
#IWishTheyWouldBringBack arrested devolpment!!! That was the best show ever!
It was the most PC name I had in mind, but reviving another blog is good. OK LETS DO THIS! I want to see your post on Tuesday
Oh dear, he better run for cover. I'm going to abuse him. Ha.
is one of the top 8 on #TheVoice tonight!!! I'll post the number up later. Every vote counts!!!
what color should I get my braces next week?(:
hey cutie.
You're welcome!
help!!!!! Get me out of this so call magic city!!!!!
My boys probably know everything about me, so they know exactly what to do to annoy me haha
Getting scooped on a story is the greatest fear in the world of journalism.You will definitely get coverage if competition is introduced.
Thanks John! I really appreciate the kind words and your help spreading the stat.
#FridayReads Catching Fire by Suzanne Collins
I saw the hunger games today it was so good amazing I want to see it again!!!!!!!!!
Almost had to fight a raccoon on my walk home from work.... those things are much bigger than I thought. It may have been able to take me...
Even the sun sets in paradise...
I wanna get super wasted tonight but I get off at 10:30pm. :( FML
The wild thing living in me is crying a little bit. RIP Maurice Sendak. Thank you for know children and the child within us so well.
It's fun to stay at the YCMIU! Hope u have a chance 2 dig u some Secret Skwirl. Bsst & success.
Dont forget we have homecoming tickets on sale, get yours before they are gone. www.friendsofhowardfootball.org
lmao me neither
Why is Fox "News" still on the air?
Yoga and Tea... Perfect combo!! Feel so much better afterwards :)
tigers need one right handed middle relief pitcher to be able to go an inning or2? If dotel goes 2, then he is lost 4 tmw.
God Bless Him!!!
where the fuk are you ?
I have a lifetime membership to epicenter (base of cap hill) but haven't gone in eons
wow 91st min disturbed
I just realized Im madly in love itch Natalie portman but I don't know how to tell her
thanks for the mention!
Love that pic!
My hair at night>>>>>
Johnson Publishing (Ebony Mag, Jet) is looking for an experienced #PR pro in Chicago. Reach out with any recommendations...
I'm gonna smile and nod from now on like a bobble head .. Haha cause my brain has gone to mushy mush .. Ever feel like that?
MISTY you rock! My encore career is helping baby boomers adjust 2 new normal/teaching at U of Denver. Retired after 22 yrs @ WMT
Honors class lunch today at the #steakhouse >>>>>>>
Man, the #jazz crowd went so silent, it was as if #Jordan just jayed up #BryanRussell again.
Effin holy week, all I want is some oysters on a half shell, but everywhere I go is too crowded! This doesn't seem like fasting christians.
partners in crime last night. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Thanks for following.
I just hope you fall down some stairs.
I think the world with make more sense to me as soon as I master Spanish.
Capitalism, Socialism & Communism will not work if the people that control them have no morals or high standards. Look who leads now - vote!
Pathetic pathetic pathetic.
Anyway to create a custom #wordpress publication status for a CPT? i.e. "Archive" in addition to Published, Pending Review, & Draft
you make everything fun! Hugs!
I'm sure you could deep-fry it... :)
Awwhh why nott??? :c && please follow me i always ask you but you never do :(
Washin my hair always makes me feel refresh
haha ok will do. Yeah my bro got David Wright on his fantasy team and I thought of you ;) Roberts still hurt?
i gotta go to school. >=(
We're in high school. There's no need to fight over fucking seats...
I already have a job in northern indiana!!!!!!
Thanks for the shout-out. Hope you'll jump into the conversations underway there. :)
Celebrating #bannedbooksweek by finally reading Nineteen Eighty-Four.
Just got my first paycheck since Feb 2010. Whew! THANK YOU #Interview #jobsearch (oh yea and I landed a dream job to boot)
RT : Peyton Manning has not eliminated any teams he he met with - yet. Now comes the Titans today.
Great things have to crash back down at some point, right
Hopefully I don't have any homework.....
yes yes !
End of the second half, USF 0 - 0 RU. Going into overtime. Come on you Bulls!
Constitution Day Observance t Medgar Evers on September 17th. Voter Registration Drive during the day.
Yeah, they've been up to that since 6:15 this morning.
RT : Got in the fall play at LU!! Come see The Last Nights of Ballyhoo October 29- November 12!
Great service tonight. Looking forward to tomorrow am All who gather in the holy place, bless the Lord
It was a real sweaty morning.
Shout out to ..... the halloween party yesterday was a hit
Tune into now for a special on the film festival
That awkward moment when you bother a customer who you thought was a salesperson.
Lol i'm so tired and I have a shit load of stuff to do today.
Is Bristol Cider a reference to a style or just location?
Love your new CD Hullabaloo...can't wait to blast it in traphic I love when heads turn and mouths drop....Tee hee
Good morning!!! Hope you have a great day!
Thank you! Let us know if you have any ideas for board themes.
Rolling in +K' achievement on - it's a fun ride!
time to get classes!
It's sponsored by INCTV, overall controlled by our US Bureau. Executed by District INCTV bureaus w/ collaboration from CFO.
I haattteeeeee making decisions
I am because I'm not watching the Super Bowl next week.
#drank and now #drunk HAPPY #NewYear !!!!!!
Honors English workbook.<<<<< Especially when you can't find the answers online
I wanna win a ticket to the and party at WPPI!
Here We Go Lakers Here We Go!!! I Believe!!!
Happy Martin Luther King Jr. Day, Madison!
Rock shop can't contain the power of BNP. Soon Madison Square Garden. After that...All must bow down to your new BNP Overloards.
ewww you like those??
I know! Miss ya, little brother :) maybe I'll go to LA this summer if you're performing
Omg this resturant is wird and nasty..i want some freaking
hey girlie did you ask yo momma about the bag?
See you all tonight!!!
just got my renewal notices for Tiger Beat and Spin! today!
Head west young man. I'm on my way to Cali.
not falling asleep anytime soon
WHAT IT DO!!! YOU KNOW YOU SHOULD NEVER BURN BRIDGES
Back sippin a Cherry Fat Dog Oatmeal Stout on cask. M
Pure genius RT : Maybe a tattoo on your butt check saying "Ryan Braun was here."
Funny how the third toy story even gets you adults. I felt the same:)
Happy New Year to you too! We're just doing some low-key celebration here.
Today is one those days where the words and feelings can't be expressed! Therefore I must slap a ma'fucka!
Lucky you!
Post your favorite Office Equipment Jokes here! :)
Oh and they are a homophobe.
your interviews with Alan Carr are hilarious! Haha :) x
on KOBE & tryna get the ball from ?? I CANT deal Ima bout 2 cry
I got stuck in my alley but I did make it to work, eventually.
I want some of those Big Bang LeBrons now, but the resale prices are (x_x).
is researching the Wysong optimal feline diet!
You heading to Capital tonight for Common Thread tapping, or Alchemy for KBS?
Last session: Audience Building with , ,
Hey do you have a free moment?
#Corey booker how come the homeless are in penn station station here on #Newark and police don't say nothing and get them out it's annoying
the producers made me!
I have not seen one attractive cheerleader all tourney.
Supreme Court rules Black can file libel cases in Ontario - Toronto Star
you know i watched that video on your youtube page many times to get those lyrics right?
Getting started with Cloud 101 by Great crowd! Are you here? Use #Phorum12 when tweeting. Thanks!
Wish the police could have been more on the ball and set up a dummy home phone # for the zimmerman case
FUCK I'm depressed and tired but my thoughts are eating away at my head so I can't sleep
well have a great nite!
Hate being the only one up in my house I be bored
“: Brian really looking forward to testing the Swingbyte. #greatproduct.” Cheers, Brad!
"Why didn't you answer my phone call?" Oh, sorry I was dancing to the ringtone
There are some very normal and acceptable things that become abnormal and socially unacceptable when done alone; like laughing.
Thank you! Have a lovely day and happy writing. :)
I love you to death <3 #Bella<3
my obsession with #storagewars is completely unhealthy.
just spent the morning listening to Circle K in Mt. Vernon.
Definitely not feelin' being at school today.
: Startup Machine would love to have you come out to next time we're in town!
its just so much better that way, isn't it? :)
Jesus fed 5000 people with one fish. Holy mackerel.
I'm counting! :) RT If anyone's counting, that's 1 run for the new look Miami Marlins in 18 innings of play so far..
Thanks for the mention Pablo. Have a great day!
Waaah I didn't even start on my lab report._.
RT Thanks and everyone who attended for a great reading #Northeastern today!
Panama City "A Place Where Young Adults Get Buck"
What a great compliment. Thanks Kim!
Lol Its ok ....... Not the best I think but alot of other people like it but the song makes me want to dance!
Happens like twice a week anyhow! lol RT : im unfollowing you!!!
It actually means "haver of a seminal nu-metal band."
Listening to President Obama's online live speech at the LGBT reception
thanks! its very homey w/ a lot of character & we're so excited! seems like a great neighborhood. girls night in store pronto!
It's not anyone elses life, but yours...so live it up
I need somebody I can truly Fuk with
Well, it's only taken me...45 minutes to write the intro to this paper I'm writing for my Child Development class. #FML -_-
I need more guy friends. Girls cause so much drama. -_-
true but are Linux users likely to pay 4 games? I'm not sure. Maybe using some kind of freemium model would work
u can talk to her tomorrow tho
kill me.
OT in Lakers-Thunder, Capitals-Bruins. Thank you Lord...
When Leonardo DiCaprio let's go of the door, and sinks to the bottom of the ocean.
Headed away for Spring Break? Please remove any trash & perishables before leaving. Be sure to close your windows and lock your doors too!
AW I LOVE YOU GUYS<3 you are seriously too cute
I will take the CPLP in 2011.
bitch, I know.
Anyone know a good SQL DBA?
I wanna go out.. /: Then theres TAKS this week... /:
We JUST left walmart 8/. Fridge was so weak. I think Tab is feeling better now. I was going to settle for soup at first though.
Here we go,,,Wade will win
killed it last night at BITTER END good job
The hubby & I are debating whether "6 Days 7 Nights" is a Christmas movie. Doesn't the opening scene involve Xmas in Manhattan?
Their Some Bad Storms Coming In.
The Lake County Senior Shootout was good until it turnt into a circus!
IDK I just have a gut feeling that they will win a close game tonight
Jimmy Carters in bankers hill. Getting my pacifico and chili relleno on.
i hope:)
great mtg you at the #UAFNYSE event! Very fitting to have a conversation around financial literacy at the
i always think-- when is #apple going to release a TV? It just seems second nature, yes? Their monitors are already huge...
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. God I hate that so much.
i have a song stuck in my head.... so not even a cool song... i hate that
RT : JESUS - are you about that life?
Critics: I'm least concerned with dinosaurs when it comes to a Mallick picture. Unless he would be directing Jurassic Park 4.
Happy Friday!! How's your weekend looking?
Thank god it's Friday :)
I just published my first book and am trying to get the word out! Check out #JulietAnUnpopular!
Is it really the best slice? Never tried it.
I think being a #LakerHater4Life might really pay off with a sense of great accomplishment this year...GO OKLAHOMA, Let's Go up 2games-None!
As an educator/parent/engineer, believes you learn by seeing how things are built, and open source hw supports that.
Tommy Shaw of Styx has a birthday today. Does he remind anyone else of David Spade?
i hope u had fun today of what ever u did
Goat curry at Dwaraka on Hawthorne; I just ate the equivalent in weight of an over-grazed goat. Yummy stuff!
Cinnamon X. Defenestration. :P
-STABS COMPUTER-
43°53'48<U+2033>N 114°50'25<U+2033>W - altitude 7,342 feet. Deep powder snow everywhere, sunshine. surrounded by mountains peace, fresh air & clean water
it was all news to us! Sideways calendar for the win!
I just love spending all of my time waiting on your ass. That's all I do. Wait.
Watching #Mavs game on tv on beach in Ft Lauderdale while vacationing. Go Mavs! /cc
"Finally be strong in the Lord, and in His mighty power." ~ Ephesians 6:10
you know you love me c:
Holllllaaaaaaaa!!! Pre-gaming time! RT : Noon time work out is going fuckin HAM :)
Hey girl with 20,000 tweets and 14 followers, I'm guessing you should probably shut the fuck up
Where is 41E Studio Cafe? Is that just a name for an existing locale for the show or an actual place?
next to fosters freeze?
Jus did the treadmill for 45 mins i did 2 miles at the speed of 40 at planet fitness I feel so great!!! #36pounds!!!!!!
baring away. ;)
last night was a blast. now going on a run to sweat out this alchy ewwww
oklahomahomerepair.com is live take a look and tell me what you think
Miami is so funny.. No one is actually wearing a bathing suit to the pool party!
I'm going to bed, Bieber fans were just pissing me off 2night being SO rude towards the voice and every1. So immature and petty.
Underworld imax 3d... Wooooww!!! Amazing!! Go watch it
This next session challenges traditional thinking of #circulation: The Shift in Publishers' Revenue Mix taking place in Ziegfield
Do you own one?
Money Saving Tip #61: Buy a smaller house.
Photographing Robert Cohen's office bright and early tomorrow for Overflow Magazine .
How does the vicar explore the Internet?With the church mouse.
Mine is engaging better. I need to take time to do it. RT : What is your biggest Twitter challenge?
need to get outside for a bit
When you come in tomorrow ask for Jeff. Still need to work on getting you a speakeasy membership card.
New Icon<3
Watching life after- jaimee foxworth the little girl from family matters that turned to a pornstar. Her story crazy
Been a while since I stayed at the #hilton, and now waiting 20 mins for one check in in SFO, I guess I know why I've been staying
I really need to stop procrastinating and finish packing.. #ihavewaytomuchstuff <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00BC><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0>
NO THE WANTED IS ON THE VOICE
Anyone know how to get a count on the
PS3 Is the shizzzzlee
I know!
cute!!! Green butterfly today! :D you must have some green on you I'm sure :) love it!
If you're struggling to pay all past dues and special assessments on your condo, Nexus Debt Solutions can help. Just call 1-(866)-326-5155
Softball is the best therapist I've ever had in my life. Always makes me feel so much better :)
you love it
Nothing like an ice cold glass of water with lemons after working up a good sweat.
“: Thank you for the Retweet:)" anytime!!
RT : Thanks for the Premium Salad Coupons for all of our guests!!
It's not even refreshing. IMHO.
Sorry #thereisnolove in the capital! it's time for a #revolution!
when they busted the gnome open was the best!
heey! iM the shoulder(:
takes time. This is new regimes third season, draft is the key. Remember the garbage that previous regimes left them with?
Michael's guesses for how many letters are in the alphabet: 36, 32, 28
Lol your bf suck at lying!
In the Beginning, God made the Heaven and Earth. The rest was Made in China.
At the end of the day, this is a job.
Love the new small #apple keyboard w/o a number pad. Provides much better ergonomics for those who mouse a lot!
thanks for the SHOUTOUT
RT The only disability in life is a bad attitude. -Scott Hamilton
Yes yes! I really want to go to the movies, kind of miss it.
greatful. blessed. thankful.
Adding #NBALeaguePass on via phone is futile: 15-minute waits, awful music, poor wknd hours. The way to go? Live chat w/
i would never vote for anyone that says they would not defend Israel
“: Please refrain from confusing voters with facts and statistics. #gopmath”
thanks for the "advice" ;)
It was your heart on the line.
“: Q: What do you think is behind some Americans' fear of Islam? Answer: Smart and remembering 911
Just Had a Deja Vu Moment !!!
If your phone doesn't ring, it's me.
homeless dog will launch jan 2012. music recording starts december 2011 at timewarp.
You're the baudelaire of our time, Jennifer Love Hewitt ...
Pizza it is .
I don't know what to do. #help :(
Love the new default
Helluva way to find something positive from this game.
I hate chipotle. Except for when I want a burrito.
Oh boy oh boy!
Sorry, all sales are final. These r side and rear seats that are left. I assume you have a premium seat, center and close.
Yeeesss Love you!!! Thanks for your support!!
Everybody runs around in their underwear...most of us just cover it up with other clothes... ;)
paretns of 8 yr old DC child / Yes - I am ready to re-enter workforce but do enjoy making school lunches,
Fuck Around Wit Me An Get Yo Cap Split Bad Boii Babbie R.I.P. 2 Pac
God gave Himself to you: give yourself to God. -- Blessed Robert Southwell
it's everything about you, everything that you do, from the way that we touch baby to the way you kiss on me. <3
i voted for you shhh.
Guess dats dat A1 swagg, I said "get it bitcccccchhhhhhh" lol niggas love me, they bitches hate me..... I know why!!!!!!!! ;)
they're not 'gone', they exist, but have been redesigned. Nowhere near as tackily-wonderful. Still see them 200 miles before S.O.B.
We're looking for talented #actors and #actresses with a passion to succeed. Auditions being held in May... Are you ready?
Love the picture!!
I thought we were done with the tests and the projects? Guess I was wrong-.-
u mean friday ? RT : What you wearing Saturday?
Why does Brad Pitt look like Ashton Kutcher tonight, and how in the hell does Ashton Kutcher look like Brad Pitt??
They asked Tony about her in the media center lol
Q: which would I need to create a "hackerspace lite" in my library? I have only 1-2 computers and a tiny corner.
"I have to watch my best friend die."- Sonja. What about my sister, huh? You don't care about your neices medical
They're not inside jokes... they're: "HOLY S#!T THIS IS REALLY OUT THERE!" jokes. They're best described as really funny "outside" jokes.
you cursed!!!
Temporomandibular joint pain, more commonly known as TMJ, affects many people in more that just pain and discomfort in your mouth.
Since the Devils won four in a row, would that count as a sweep?
they should have courtesy guideline videos on planes like they do in the movies
The courage gene is the single most important trait for the perpetuation of your family line.
Ladies night tonight at the bar! Half off all drink para las chicas!
Im working a Warrior Dash Event with Red Frog. We will ne working moat of the day tomorrow but I will let you know if we go out
should i send you a Harvard t shirt? I think yes? =)
Poker night junk food runs are the best! Well junk food runs in general are the best!
Infographics graded! Now all that's left is some spreadsheet wrangling. T-minus 27 minutes.
Thanks, we had sent you this message before we heard back from you this week. We look forward to talking when you are ready.
i hate macs so much.
sometimes you just need to relish in the small accomplishments - like making 4 perfectly poached eggs in a row!
If I hear the word Iowa, Romney, Paul, Santorum, Gingrich, Bachmann, Huntsman or Perry one more time I am going to become apoplectic!
Hope you dig the Album... All indie production! CD Release Party at the Kendall Pub in Yorkville 4/7/2012
REMEMBER!!!!...THE SHOW STARTS AT 8PM BUT......WE DONT GO ON TILL 1145 SO PLAN WELL..GO NUGGS!!!....N SEE YALL THERE!!!...LETS GO!!!
no hate just dont like politicians...black, white, chinese,,what ever...they DONT care!!!
Alton has built a career on running his mouth about food. You have built your career on running your mouth about digested food.
do u know
One of the best things that can happen to us in life is to discover that the work we do each day connects to what we believe in. Live life!
I can't now either Derek and I are going to a party and I gotta get ready but I'll fill you in tomorrow
had to close my eyes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>RT “: Very much RT : There's something disturbing about in a speedo.”
I think my grandma stays up later than me, or i have narcolepsy
So excited for this. Hope this movie is great. Kinda of hit's too close to home lol. Sharing with my network of game devs.
That's a great pic.
S/O to, for your welcoming to twitter, much love
I wonder how many clothes hangers I break in one year ! I bet the numbers are astronomical !
Hartmut's Face Got Fingered
Re: hackey sack beat boxing, it's still on. We'll bring the hacky sacks, you bring the beats. Let's talk this out next week
Good news on Op-Ed page: "David Brooks is off today."
A sincere thank you to our 1st 700 followers at | We look forward to serving your #Poker and #Gaming travel needs in 2012 |
r u playing Duck Hunt? Having fun, Florida Girls Miss Ya !
Chocolate cake from Portillo's for breakfast.
SPRING classes are filling up! Get your brushes, pencils, pastels, and creative souls ready and sign up today. Classes starting next...
thank you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
And Book Hill Park is shaded place to rest above the buzz of Wisconsin Ave.
that would be awesome. Great idea.
starting twitter acount
book of clouds by chloe aridjis...wow...what a nice change of pace from the instant plot in every other new book...
Happy 420 from the Mile High!!!
As we age, we lose bicarbonate in the blood causing alkaline-acid imbalance.
“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." -Thomas A. Edison via
That's very true :p so are YOU
This nigga #LavellCrawford to funny. Team not bored just sleepy
AZ is the best just like you guys are the best.....
How to Profit from a Kindle The Kindle is a hot-selling product. People like reading, and more and more are switching over to digital boo
- That's must be why I bought rubber sheets after they put that metal plate in my head. lmao
The vague answer to the max shutter answer would be around 1/75,000th. One of the RED engineers told me to email him.
“It was like being at a ‘real’ conference without having to travel and the price was great!” This year we’re keeping it real.
Ian Poulter on the course for a little over 10 mins has made a double on the 1st hole. Woops... -5.
Venice beach
Do you have an email address something can be sent to?
Rehearsal today with BrownRiceFamily!!
thank u for following me
So excited for cousin batch party tonight! Love extended weekends:)
Happy #EarthDay! What do you do to encourage green building?
If I could find Tennessee's bottom, I would paddle it.
Just copy/saved to my Gdocs while at my info desk shift, done.
Prom season approaches! Can you pitch a story about fashion or finances, safety or self-esteem?
There you go
Why You Askin All Them Questions :D Haha I Love That Video!!!
At this point you've known me long enough that you've no one to blame but yourself for listening to me... Just sayin'...
Homemade turkey & rice soup, beer bread and mini apple pies with cinnamon swirl crust! Successful baking afternoon!
I just realized that and are following me on #twitter !!! :) That's pretty cool.
It happens... at least you opened it before you thanked him for getting you a card.. lol
Ready for a great weekends at the boyfriends(:
Healthcare is a basic human right! Lets move forward! Reform!
Thanks. We're excited to see you present! The timing with your launch is perfect!
haha what is it??
#AmericanIdol All singers did good.But Jessica Sanchez need 2 find the rt songs to make her even better. Overall Joshua & Hollie were great.
THANKZ FOR THE FOLLOW
Wanted! Know a good mom blogger, send them to our blog.
I woke up unexpectedly... Having to pee. I wondered where my phone was, so after I found it under the bed! Lol
Thanks for the follow back
For you classical fans . . . The Boston Pops-icles
#glee jumped shark
no reference per se.. intellectual pontificating... but i'll poke around. glad to keep your mill spinning.
lol I got seeds. And go buy clone at the weed shops. Just got have a set up and u good.
I've watched two college girls drinking Southern Comfort and lime for about an hour without vomiting. Clearly, they are witches.
Thanks for having me. I'll try and do your namesake proud. :)
Cool Vatican Library stuff you just posted! Thanks for posting! Love the pic of manuscript in the handwriting of Aquinas!
Unrest in Middle East, "Natural outgrowth of repressive governments!" Unrest in Europe, "Hooligans only out for personal gain!" Thoughts?
Everyone looks for something to blame to make their point stronger
If you eschew lack of veracity, Fox news must drive you up the wall.
how nice to hear from you....I was surprised to see your name. How are you doing?
Hopefully Mexico BGC girls are really BAD!!!
lets go Ron Ron!
Has a surprise for :)))
#YouKnowItsRealWhen that person is just staring at you.
Good night universe
watching on the east coast... DO NOT MISS tonight's Fringe.
My husband the Bears fan bet me you wont RT He'll wear your jersey to the bar if you do. I'll have to wear Cutler if u dont
Thanks ! We'll miss cheering you on this year!
I'm at fred meyer's do you need some milk+Oreos.
There went my chance with him. Right out the door.
ball to morrow little hoof?
Beverly International UMP Choc. protein powder is unbelievable. It may be extra $, but totally worth it
This white dude rappin every word to t.i "what you know bout that" >>>>> lmaoooo
Looks like a visit to the gym is in order.
Better to focus on more than just counting citations. They're lagging indicators anyways.
hm... Black Canary is super hot, and no one else would be her, I'm sure... tricky outfit to run in, though!
did great for the video Right By My Side <3
Bm tripping she do shit the wrong
Great start to Easter! Service at National Cathedral, Brunch at Chef Geoff's, and off to THE West Wing for tour later!
Not really
thanks love I needed that verse
It was really good to meet y'all in Austin - Bryan & Heidi. Let's do it again next year
keylah needs ah hug *Gives Keylah Hug
Great day to go to ! You get in free if you have your debit/credit card :)
Dear Windows Phone: Get Your Shit Together [Windows Phone]
Totally just blurted something out which sounded rude: "have maddy ready when I get there so I don't have to linger"
Is the classiest player in the NFL. And of course my favorite player on the Packers.
you've never met me before so how can you call me a bandwagon? I've had to tell this story a billion times but I became...
#FF before his new project becomes an HBO hit. Then you can brag about how you knew him when he was only a best selling author.
RT The booty club my fav club
I hate getting these DM: "Hi someone is saying really bad rumors about you" -___-
The first requirement for becoming all you can be is admitting you aren't currently everything you even think you are.
I want to congratulate on his 2012 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction award! Way to go, buddy!
love the way you learn while you film!
yeah well let's hope it goes by fast
What might have been...
yep. Little Tatum. It's almost time to eat lunch. She's breastfeeding like a champ!
class tht I'm taking and the global inequalities class tht my partner is taking where we are both discussing the roles of
MTV Movie Awards: 'Hunger Games,' 'Bridesmaids' lead pack - USA TODAY
ah darn I missed you on the 28th;/
Sister DEZZY MISS YOU
I wish I could do yoga on my own. I'm not goode enough though. I def need to get back to classes.
"the skeleton can not finish his protien shake"
Call to me and I will answer you and tell you great and unsearchable things you do not know. - Jeremiah 33:3
if you need a good blow call :') hmu for the digits!
Thanks to for dinner last night and for their pioneering efforts to connect San Diego's life sciences community to China.
Old Transformers>>
That day will come! (Well, mostly. Even in our own dialects we do listen to ourselves a bit.) :-)
#112_Minutes on #History is taking my breath away right now. #Whoa #Remembering9/11
today, i'm blaming everything on solar flares.
thanks.. It hasnt hurt yet
need some help getting your house sold? Send me the MLS number and I will find some potential buyers for it! Enjoy the day!!
My dreams are better than reality, but i sometimes have nightmares.....
Happy Birthday! I hope you have a great day! :) But don't forget to tell your mom Happy Mother's Day!
I may be overweight but I've got obese plans.
Baer - Need to provide ways for adults in the workforce to return to college...22% attended college, but d/n complete.
#whowouldyourather be stranded on a deserted island with , Casey Anthony or OJ Simpson?
Can Wolves keep up their 100% record against Aston Villa? Check out ESPN 2 right now!
#GuysNeedToLearn to prove that were not that bad..
thanks for reading!
Congratulations to Susan Chester!! She is the winner of the My Baby Pajamas April Freebie Friday Giveaway :)
I miss missing you :)
"Work hard, stay focused, and surround yourself with good people." ~ Tom Obsborne #iCBallers GOOD NIGHT TWEEPS!
Source: "Wikipedia has an entire section..." #journalism!
Now problem!! Hopefully we are getting hot, just like mid-may last year.
Is it just me, or does Guillermo Mota kinda look like Raekwon?
Who got some extra headphones they can let me have though ??
I deserve to splurge. No white trash coffee from Stinker this morning. I'm going through the Starbucks drive thru.
TELL YOU I LOVE :)
Decent hit Chipper.
actually isn't it three Years? Because you joined in may 2010!
ah cool thanks
RT ": Just saying is kick a$$." True story.
What is your favorite AriZona beverage? I love the green tea! Peach iced tea is wonderful too (cc: )
Oh snap. “: Time flies when your sitting in a conference room playing tetris the whole time”
Well, that's no fun! I even got to use the new voting cards you sick in the machine. It was awesome!
but that's the good killing they love so much even thou it say to leave judging and justice to him
Do you monitor industry trends? What's the competiton doing? Competitive Intelligence research is never sufficient if "it's everyone's job".
the shop on LA Ink
I really hope comes to NY. He deserves a ring!
I respectfully disagree. No subject should be off limits, the question is how do you approach it and with what skill.
Just donated to and you should too! They're in need of men's shoes & clothing at this time. Check them out!
Living good feeling better
Who cares bout u
Hey #ChiChat party people, meetings are taking us from participating today, see you all next week. Rock on
Just ate 3 bagels..
Teddy is a great dog. She still enjoys life even though she has a bit of cognitive dysfunction here and there.
Fabulous post Julia ()! Thanks. “The characteristics of a great female leader (are different) and still being defined.”...
#YouWereCuteUntil I realized you were a jerk.
Label GMOs in California!
Big HoS Week! A great Cyber Monday and tonight, a launch party/tea tasting to celebrate the online store. Extreme gratitude for all...
Lol, I'm not lazy!
Guys: if you're single, move to North Carolina and find yourself a wife. Girls like Emily on the Bachelorette are a dime a dozen
The #Blazers aren't buying out Felton!? Are they f-ing serious?
Watching this kid from Hoover & am glad to see he isnt afraid to speak.
#Begin your healing journey at Center for Healing in Harmony!
Race weekend! Who's pumped?
Thank you for a great #consulting case #interview webinar and for sharing your insights.
SHIT HE JUST DID. I HATE THIS PLACE.
Thanks for the favorite! Are you a Cole Porter fan or did you just think it was clever?
#Bondo is incredible in Bob! See it.
IM JUST STAYIN YOUR MAN WILL NEVER BE ME
Happy our Earth day hommage was paid yesterday. Nothing better than being home AND inside on a rainy day.
Thanks so much! We'll have to check out your site as well!
Thanks Lion 90.7 FM for playing "Don't Get Around Much Anymore" from my Sentimental Swing on your show Jazz Spectrum. Aloha Pennsylvania!
Welcome to our cold, rainy home...
Hope ya'll remembered daylights savings time Sunday. "If you get up one more time than you fall you will make it through."-Chinese Proverb
I lay here in the dark ready for bed my legs start aching like I've walked 20 miles. Its terrifying to think I may be accidently exercising!
It is!! Love those sayings!!
i know - I am looking at $400-475. with a connection
#lions trying win the big 12 with this draft...
Cougar Nation let's welcome our latest signee 6-10 C Valentine Izundu to the UH family!!!
Newt's pretty good at rabble-rousing word salad, I'll give him that
app has been crashing last several days..what's up?
Why not sooner RT : #BELIEVE - JUNE 19th!
itz a good ass day itz so nice out hoes callin tellin me to bring da ice out
Survey: staffing, services, hard- software, users, workspace, funding, policies, sust., partners, assessment
Some People Change, Things Go Wrong, SHITT HAPPENS.. But Life Goes On.
Did selena & just break up? Ill give you a SHOUTOUT if u tell me
Both of you guys are great I can't wait for your next album
Ain't that the truth.
Check out D.I.Y. artists at today Note that Big Freedia had to cancel do to emergency surgery :( $10
The American Idol bits at the Fox presentation are tired
Of Course We Will & Sorry
Mertin Bro Rickey!!! Have a wonderbar day hear?? Much Love from Minnesota!!
Can I ask why the fuck ExxonMobile is so concerned with teaching?
Back (N. 14th & Berry st. BK) tonight with spinning Hip Hop-Funk-Soul-Party Classics. 9pm-3am No Cover
600 W Chicago soon, please?!?
Greenfield FD on scene reporting nothing showing. This was report of lightning strike to chimney
With or without bosh!
Whale got my basketball in for the day.
debatable on that. Check out legal seafood, think they have one the harvor
/// Charlie Wilson nigga.....
Just hit Heading home for a quick pre #MemorialDay Weekend trip.
Wish I could see it but glad Austin's coming home to N.Y.C.
#WomensHealth: Eat produce at every meal. Fewer than <U+2153> of Americans get their recommended daily amount of fruits & veggies.
you follow us, we follow you. tell your twitter friends!
Of course!!!
Only the good die young
that would be cool...i'm still waiting on an answer! if i found anything out i'll let you know.
Leticia has the largest Spanish lang religious gift shop in the region -- also beautiful leather belts, wallets &jewelry -- 7916 SE Foster
Any way to buy a license for an older version of Eon? Version 1.2.8? I still have OSX 10.6 so can't buy from the AppStore
working on FB timeline cover for my client's business page... started thinking that damn timeline not that bad for advertising!
lol those flats could kill you haha
good color selection...
Guess I will straighten my hair then go to bed
happy birthday, we are closed in the cellar for a private event. Can we put a csndle in your nachos friday.. Team roots
Hi Doll.... I hope all is well your way!
i have been writing this girl i like poems i dont know when to tell her they are from me when should i tell her? : )
the awkward moment when lil' wayne starts rapping on t.v. and you think your t.v. is glitching
studying for finals that are tomorrow and friday
Redeemed Girls, remember Proverbs 17:22 today. "A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a broken spirit saps a person's strength." (NLT)
I am getting more people/friends on Facebook but I am still twitter dude.I love twitter more then Facebook
Any new music or videos??? if so I am def going to check your page out haven't been on your page in a good while
That would be awesome, which of your players has the best chance? I'll be working six different greens
Tango Lessons and S.I.N. Night are happening tomorrow night. Keep your night open dance fanatics and service industry people!
I meant how are u ?
how do you know there $600?
I think the running code applies to races you DNS not DNF. I wear my MdO shirt.
I can't believe how much is growing in such a short time. I remember following him when he had less than 500 followers
I never understood how some people can hurt themselves.
thought u were a laker fan?
Sorry pals, I'm hardly ever able to do last minute HH b/c of the pupster :( Have fun!
Had an amazing wknd w/ kids at UVillage, HuskyStdium, Alderwood Mall, Kirklnd Watrfrnt, and of course by the outdoor pools! I <3
i really wanna go to the csi: the experience in times square :(
Thanks!! We were delightfully surprised!
Anyone win?
cool so
Clint Eastwood on behalf of the 99% (and Chrysler).
Nice. Vimeo registration smooth like butta. No captchas. 2 second registration. The way life is meant to be.
RT : And by "k" I mean fuck you.
Haha i wish i could we have a game in Columbus. I'll be home 'round 12
I'm pretty sure your work is a public place, and I can go there anytime I want.
today is a pretty good day so far. if anyone fucks it up #will die
Nice neon bar graph from
Want. To. Sleep.
I've had TERRIBLE experiences with Mavs fans too. I consider it a dead tie for 'Worlds Worst Fans'
You are awesome and impressive at the same time. Didn't know my whereabouts would be tracked just by a tweet.
Is #kdlang bummed to look like #waynenewton when she was probably going more for a #royorbison ?
Mingle often with good people to keep your soul nourished. ~ A.D. Williams
Thank you ;)
we'll clubbing as soon as I'm back from England on the 26th!!!
Thanks for coming by to learn more about issues facing seniors, and we look forward to your support of policies like OAA. ^PD
yep as well as Australia and maybe China
extremely cute funny from what i hear a ltl crazy 2 you really love ur fans u should get a fb and friend any1 that follows u
Planet fitness is nice for now.
Get at'em boys! #COYRapids #RapidsThugLife 3 points! Be sure to have Monster energy drinks on the sideline :)
pretty close :P or u should just fly here?
RT Michael Vick, a trending topic on Twitter. Time to forgive and welcome him back to NFL. We've treated child molesters and murder
Hay what happens to ur sister
Thanks! Eleanor, it was wonderful to see you again yesterday. Good luck with the start of the semester!
YOLO is the Motto <U+E32C>.
once described NYC as "a bipolar boyfriend": when it's good, it's GREAT. When it's bad, it's TERRIBLE." Gotta say, that's spot-on.
Been getting worked! But its all paying off. Training day 12! Lego.
just made well over 100 cookies for BBQ today. Our last California BBQ!
I can't post a photo right now. Fuck you facrbook.
Happy Easter! w/ team - a gorgeous day to play with numbers!
30 + Girls will be at Central tomorrow for our Sushi & Champagne Dinner Party .
The new site looks really slick
Hopefully next time I will get to skate. Today I took advantage of the wifi to get some work done while they had some fun!
follow these guys now! Real music is back!
once a week would be nice!
“: Will be giving away a few copies of iFlat 3 (iOS5 ready) tonight..to win just RT and follow Random pick. GL!”
I did lol I was there 4 months, I'm just young and free
Tlk to my lucky Libra today :)
RT : Thanks for all of the help today! Still trying to ge to 1000 twitter followers by 2010!! Let's go!
Congrats to Julia Zimmerman! You're the winner of our Day Out with Thomas ticket giveaway from the The Official B&O Railroad Museum! Enjoy!
followed!! (: thanks for followning us
Wisconsin hadn't had a transfer since 2006 either, so ... Could happen anywhere and you wouldn't know.
Hope everything is good across the Pond........
Show some love! Help us reach our $135 goal by tomorrow & get something in return! indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
I'll be covering Memorial-Sun Prairie and Stoughton-Oregon and will be at Waunakee-DeFo and Randolph-CW Christian.
Wish I could be at #dlfforum #curatecamp for cataloger/coder discussion
4 more days... Trying not to be so anxious!!
I don't feel like feeling angry or depressed today. I just wanted things to keep going smoothly. And I don't feel like blaming myself.
Just seeing this comment. Not sure anything justifies emotional, mob-mentality lynching. Even factual correctness.
High drama at the #HHSinnovates awards ceremony.
Check out who's next #Packers//www.fanfeedr.com/nfl/green-bay-packers?id=0e5fe8a8-4a8f-5fd2-b16d-c2a3ca2c28e0
In honor of Christopher Hitchens (RIP) today I will be a contrarian…wait, I always am, so…then a drunk…?
And his earnings per day are four times mine—and all these numbers are growing quickly
Thanks for sharing our post!
Your daughter is very smart!
I didn't realize I was so attractive to you until you decieded to leave and walk away.
Yuck (the band, not the sentiment. Although, on further consideration, "Yuck" the sentiment, too.)
I don't want to join yelp, just because I've hooked up with enough guys that there'd probably be a ton of negative reviews for my vagina.
fantastic. please come say hi this summer! i'm on 17 at 550. keep in touch and bug me anytime.
At #NSTA12? Check out some of the 18 sessions presented by our Fellows! Also, stop by Booth #1832 to say hi!
#NBA Season is warming up with some exciting games. Chicago Bulls to face Sacramento Kings on 29th Dec. Buy your tickets NOW: 888-493-0004
ANY BREWERS THERE???
Who is the cold, indifferent ! Co-host with Kelly?! And he's been on before? Not warm or charming.
Hello. Doctor. Name. Continue. Yesterday. Tomorrow.
i wish i could do something with my life
I kind of like "doctor away" as an imperative. Now that you're a doctor, feel free to "doctor away!"
Tom Hiddleston might be my new favorite, if only he didn't have to compete with Mark Ruffalo and Thor.
she can't wait to meet you!
no doubt. I'll be here
as you know we are open 24 hr a day hope to see u there
you should really record it on YouTube
it's at Two Trail an it will be easy to find us once you get there. If its between 7 & 8 my team will be playing.
I, fly solo
says he will get 1200 yards this year! I hope he gets more!!
we'll let ya know when we get them in?
Scotty McCreery wins country's new artist of the year, thanks his Lord & Savior Jesus Christ..
at Afters Cafe enjoying fresh yogurt and working.
Doing it for the fame fame baby the fame fame
Blue? Ivy....... I thought Ivy was green
Damn Skippy! Our schedules are polar opposites, but I'd really like to try and make it happen!
CD1 candidate Eric Griego talks about campaign finance reform and investing in clean energy on 's Eye on NM tomorrow at 10a.
Congrats on the Huffington Post Article! So Happy for you and your hard working team!
What can I say? I love me some chest hair.
Theory class: where we eat chocolate cake, talk about IMDb trivia for Star Trek, and use phrases like "nefarious pimp."
It's not over yet and I'm floored. Absolutely genius. How this isn't a top 10 show is inexplicable. Oh wait...ABC. My bad
true same here
Love it!
thank you!! tell all your friends about us! :)
What's this Lin-Sanity all about? Is it a drink I can order at my local Chinese restaurant?
(logo) why not do both. There are things that lend themselves well to color (main logo) but use grayscale when things dont
That's real f€{^ed up
While writing new songs, we take breaks from time to time to play tennis. It's helps with the creative juices. Any tennis tips out there???
haha I forgot your love her. I am at women in the world conference she is a key note speaker
eh....I am good on comic book movies for another couple of years.
lol brb p.e(;
I might be gettin some beats from you today!
600 tweets cool bye peace bed time
ok BOB.
Hi guys! We're local, and giving away computer equipment for donations to you guys. Retweet our posts if you'd like!
HubSpot’s implementation of the Sales and Marketing SLA has led to a number of positive results
There is so much intellectually dishonest crap coming in the mail. No wonder people hate partisan politics
Fade to braid (last tweet)
The FAA wants to run a pilot program for unmanned civilian drones. Now how's that going to work?
with you on the Zappa. Joe's Garage was a fave in high school (no doubt due to the adolescent humor)
The Element has had many looks thru-out the years
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "The POWER of LIFE & DEATH is in the TONGUE." ~ Proverbs 18: 21
Wanna be super Heroes are going to get shot if they don't watch their a$$!
Cutting spots for Clear Channel radio markets looking out over a 150 yard sandbar & crystal clear water...
Lies RT : I was a medium in the beginning of the year . Now that my arms and body got more cut. I'm an XL <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
there was nothing to do.lol right now, I'm about to get up to go to school.
Oh man, sorry! Next time we'll give you more notice!
I will... Love ya!
hi nice to meet you. Can't we have our own encounter?? :)
What You Need to Know About Google Chrome OS | Gadget Lab | Wired.com wired.com/gadgetlab/2010…
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.
lol, for me it is. Idk
For every disciplined effort, there is a multiple reward. Jim Rohn
I miss you too <3 im fine , wbu?
Mommuh la la la love you
TGIF! TGIF! no really im at tgi friday's
RT : As long as college players are not compensated then college sports are the real Hunger Games.
forget you too hoe !!!
Sports chat rooms etc. are a sewer. The racism is usually pretty open, unlike the veiled racism on network television etc.
Pro-Love March in Atlanta is only for one day. Pro-Love Movement around the world lasts a lifetime.
For personal accounts (and sophisticated spambots), I'd guess 70-80%.
Finally got the VPN going, hello from China! is workin' hard and killing it at
We are being represented this week at the 2012 Vision Council Executive Summit!
over #9000 "who is this?" texts after an iPhone mass text
sure. Shout me out?
I know Hocus Pocus is a Disney movie and I know I am 22 years old...but the movie still scares me.
I seriously hate spiders -.- why do they even exist
SLEPT IN! Thanks to mother nature who sent us a nice thunderstorm at 5:30 this morning. Yay! But no sewing, boo.
Good morning to you as well Carole. :-)
Chatting with David Murray with Moncur Associates about social media inside an ad agency.
Will they be dappin him back when he's suspending them in 2 years :)
God bless my FB Fam on this morning!
This Thanksgiving I'm thankful for !
GOIN TO THE GREAT NEW YORK STATE FAIR YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYY
We would like to encourage our church family to take 5 minutes&get on your knees (literally) &pray for God to move tomorrow!
Movies in which someone rides a bicycle for non-comedic purposes?
+2 ": +1 RT : #StartupLesson “A ship is safe in harbor, but thats not what ships are for” #beonfire"
do not drowned-lol...We would miss you
Leftover Jello shots and corned beef for breakfast
remind me to never go to a bbq in teterboro. especially if I have to fly there.
Swag makes you forget.
when is a good time to call
#bitcheswhowontdateme the next-door neighbors dead wife
Wednesday cannot come soon enough. FOR REALZ, U GUISE!
If employees spent half as much time on their actual job as they do in challenging their termination, they wouldn't get fired.
I miss you too!
I truly believe ": Don't be scared by the unknown or what's coming next, get excited - the best is yet :) ~#Aine"
#happybdayjb hope al your dreams come true :) #beliebers love you very much!:)
TY Rebecca. Working with mentors & pros like you has been the best part of the journey. Ready to deliver!
from what we can tell, they are not on Twitter
It will definitely be a battle of the best wines! Thanks for sharing.
I will adjust my current 2,5 & 10 if his is better & I am included. I work better on a team
Better than Kentucky playing IU then Duke? Anniversary of the Laettner sucker-kick?
Beautiful people with nasty attitudes.
Damn today went by fast :O tomorrow is the last day..
yes! Will do!
Acute Sinusitis treatments - nasal saline irrigations are often helpful
<U+2606> "NEVER EVER DENY if you really did something wrong." <U+2606>
(and in my mortal irrationality, i'm still pretty sure they're gonna win though)
same. Call me maybe? ;)
Awkward convo's with
Cuz I can still hear his momma cry
Never get jealous when you see your ex w/ someone else, because our parents taught us to give our used toys to the less fortunate..
Every time sees me, he never fails to shout "Guerro" in the hallway.
#fact cracks me up. (:
Crazy weather
Nice photo--but don't forget her sweet tea! ;)
you guys need to take off this #eagles game it's 45-13 ok? put on #tebow and the broncos
A Killer Stripper
hello helicon :) see you all tomorrow
Looking for an office to film 1. A gorilla commercial, 2. an office scene for tobacco cessation. Anyone want a visit by a gorilla?
Me too!
co owner here
Tyler perry is preaching!!
RT The Jaguars have released CB Drew Coleman. He played in all 16 games in 2011 after joining club as an UFA from NY
Going to bed hungry is impossible unless I have to wear a swim suit in the morning. #oatmeal at
How many off y'all think I should change my name
In regards to my prior tweet, everyone please follow here on Twitter or we won't bring back the Stoli Doli!!!
haha well hi there! Thank you! My competition was real fierce ;) bunch of wusses lol. Hope u enjoy the show! #ERKLE. !!
#history #museum #historical Tomorrow: Heroism in Action! Veterans recount the Battle of Au Pac – June 19, 1967!
at least he made the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame before he left us. That had to put a smile on his face. GONE TOO SOON!”
LA on Tuesday then NYC when I get back. Coast to coast baby
And now sounds check with Unreal
79 64 cats, GO BIG BLUE can I get a rt!
goodnight sweetdreams!!!<3 Wow I just sounded weird for telling a guy sweetdreams!!
Rosters for Spring 2012 will be announced tomorrow!
I'm a leg-liftin' fool thanks to
My addiction....
Shifting from GUI to NUI needs to consider things like context, posture, focus and more...
I'm going to watch dvd the blcak parade is dead :3
on my way to pick up my nephew..got turned around.. now on my way to the best store in the world #dependingon which one yhu go to..Ross...
I think it's precious! Reese wants her daddy to remember she is
See you tonight. :)
DYK? Bro. Bobby Seale-Co-founder of the Black Panther Party is a Sigma ...Happy Founders Day
hi just curious what the range is for flat rate to seatac. We are in route via uber.
Have fun :) I'm spending the evening on my deck with a glass of wine & a project.
Happy Birthday to !!!
Gm sexy
Just say when!!!!!
Nice! Thank you!
Sure, how would you like to do that?
Shiver me timbers! : To understand piracy you must be a pirate. These guys have no clue.
“ RT : #AMuslimNever Let's a plane land.”
no, this is good.<U+E414>
Boxwire BizTip: In your #SmallBiz, be the change you want to see. Start with customers feedback and grow from there.
No, you're just used to doom so far this season
Girls that cuss way to much, or at all...
congrats! I'll be coming this summer.
be sure to get some wild west shrimp for your appetizer
Mills accent is #amazing I must say
Who do you like at D KC, SD, Cin or TB?
Shipping all of my worldly possessions to the desert - and back - again.
Tornado Warning for Martin till 4:30 PM. Storm is now southwest of Dunnell and moving Northeast at 30 mph.
how u doing sweets :)?
you'll never know unless you try. I will do everything with a great attitude and the confidence to show for it. I can and will do this.
I love waking up to the sounds of ponies playing
": Dont waste your whole life trying to get back what was taken away." Man I wish that was easier said than done! :( <3
I'm in for all of the above
yes yes. This weekend! Fests everywhere come with! :)
Thanks for RTs & mentions: Policy Webcasts,
Sparty beating Sparty...typical RT Drew Miller setting up Darren Helm beats Ryan Miller to make it 5-0
Neva tell some1 tht cant cook tht their food is good, cuz when it keeps coming...damn
im going to leave this place.
hope so!
She looking for that lime light dont fuck with her lol
This rain is really adding volume to my budding whitey fro
If hard work pays off, I better be rich this summer
Much! I hope you have wonderful new things too! :) I think I will take tweet class again. Love dollface name wants meet!
Very happy to have a woman who understands that the way to a man's heart is BACON!!
your next script could be to mine your essays for people you cite who don't cite you...
Yeah both are compatible together. Hope it works out
He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything.
Im very hungry, come feed me somethin' that i could choke on.
oh I didn't see the black girl.. I don't remember the other 2.. What did they sing?
Does the pasta really taste better in Italy?
Is "from the guy that brought you Bridesmaids" meant to be a self-aware joke?
If any of y'all are out and about, come visit me at the bar at Steak Frites (Union Sq)...I have no customers. Cinco de bored.
It would be the most greatest thing on this whole entire planet if you would follow me! please, i think you're so talented!
Yes, New Jim Crow so good! We read it with Angela Davis' Are Prisons Obsolete? + Todd Clear's Imprisoning Communities in Crim!
#impossible. We've all tried (;
'all of your Xs is in black and white' :p
#ThingsICantStand when the date rape pill wears off and she wakes up half way thru sex...
Glad to hear it--I lost that particular fight myself. :S
Good Morning!... Forget what's gone, appreciate what remains, and look forward to what's coming next! This WILL be a good week!
ShoutOut to , she's a cool chick with awesome and funny tweets! #FollowHer!
I was showing early symptoms of becoming a professional baseball man. I was lying to the press. ~ Roger Kahn
RT : Who is good with glass? I'm working on a surprise for prom with ... Need glass cutter/engineering mind.
I'll always love u
WAKE UP AND DO SOMETHIN PRODUCTIVE
muh. I knew we were friends for a reason :')
If you love hidden #archives collections, you should be following - Going beyond hidden collections to hidden repositories they are
44,976 people like Wines That Rock. Looking for those 24 more :)
Gotta hop on these nfl nike tees!!
: LOVE this.
great day at #sdsms! learned so much and got some great tips to take back to the office.
the games we play ;)
No problem!!
RT bottleneck is a flawed model of #healthit #privacy & #data the patient is the bottle neck? OH REALLY
i knowww,its been forever D;
Phil Pister and Roger Samuelsen on Preserving the Biotic Community, and Fishing
Have any good questions we should raise at the post-screening discussion?
My family is so weird....
So much to do but too lazy to do it.
You inspire me!
amen. amen. lol agreeded. :p but believe TICKETS NEXT WEEK THIS IS CRAY :O lololol
follow back
AQUS on watch for a major bounce....
I Wish You Here <3 Amazing Song:)
Just got done shooting this Russian Mafia film
Merry Christmas everyone!
Hell yeah! Thanks for spreading the message!
And if u love somebody... No matter the status yall in make sure u let them kno .... Friends . Parents .. Bf/gf .. Whoever
Can someone find and post a speech to get me hyped up for the Pens game please? I have been looking all day!
Ima get dat whip n treat myself 2 dinner n a movie dis weekend!..
" an ego that has a void, very dangerous." I.M.O. Debatable "in this case". I would/have fear/feared a overactive ego more.
i like your bio :)
At a seriously sketchy Bella Gourmet "bridal event" just to try an get free stuff. Not sure if it's worth it...
thanks. Yes, I'm learning, but slower than I should. Still, never let it be said that I hide my failures
Can we add info lit to GE outcomes? Please? “: AACU learning outcomes: info literacy is one of 10 essential learning outcomes"
Great meeting with today. Can't wait for this season!
Short nap then check out port show.
It's so hot. Florida sucks.
Happy day - the sun is shining and I have big news about my book coming soon...
Hey ! There are a lot of hungry ice cream fanatics here at the in Rosslyn that would welcome you with open spoons
Words Dnt Ever Seem To Come Out Rite But I Still Mean Em Why Is That It Hurts My Pride To Tell Yu How I Feel But I Still Need To Why Is That
Getting serenaded in Spanish (along w/ about 50 others here at Maria's Cafe).
stop being so boring
I graduated from Temple University in Philly. BA in Crim. Just. 3.38 GPA....Anyone want to offer me a job:)????
I Absolutely Just Love My Dog. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><U+2764>
Congratulations! RT : Done with me freshman year at UW-River Falls!!!!
Ok, thank you.
W/financial backing of the Mayor of Detroit, William C. Maybury & other Detroiters, Ford formed the Detroit Automobile Company in 1899.
My sister is on a phone call with the president right now re: #Irene. Feeling important by association. :-)
Keep your head up JJ!
field trips to Wrigley this summer?!?!?!
only the beginning of the good times. Three more weeks do it again and again
like what? Short hand? And promote promote promote!
srsly i did try shaving kathy's hair once while she was sleeping.
Scraping the bottom of the barrel here. Time to hit the secret stash.
Thanks for the FF, and ! Happy Dandelion Day!
that can happen at airport security too i heard. how r u?@ katerina's tonite. Thought of u last nite wore Brian's t shirt!
The New York Rangers defeat the Washington Capitals in Game 7, 2-1, to reach the Eastern Conference Finals.
Well, , time to pull a robert Downet Jr., with just a hint of Jerry Sanduski.
(The ABC's Of Blackness. (The Soft Collection.) – a collection of "Black Panther" poems – by "Black Panther" NEETTA BLACK - at amazon.com.)
Reggie didn't have as much enthusiasm for the boring sinkhole story closing two lanes.
Giants select Jayron Hosley in the 3rd round of the 2012 NFL draft (94th overall)
I like that kind of attitude! Hope your day hasn't been too routineful :)
2nd Winning Pick - #NFL Week 13..Titans/Colts (46)...#Take_The_Over...Two hot QBs, will be a great game to watch!!
First Tuesdays tonight at with wine tasting, networking & a high tech scavenger hunt. Don't forget to download a QR reader.
Tryna do sum promotions get at me
I don't be having a taste for nothing anymore. They have to make me eat cuz i don't want to, I miss out on the good stuff too.
the "300" link on tytube doesn't work. Just so ya know :D
"Bucky thinks he's cool, but he's not."
Today the choice is Yoga vs Kickboxing class! Either choice is going to be a good choice- feeling so good excercising!
Crime Spree!!!! Who's with me?
When I kiss him, it feels like I'm floating
Our guide in Spain didn't meet us until day 3, and only when we spotted him emerging from a bar. But man, those bars in Spain are spotless!
:) ...have a great Thanksgiving!
on the Taft Show Now! She was at the Doggie Dash with her lil' Chihuahua girl...
I do think that some of his tweet about IndyCar, can be taken as far that he is saying he wants our sports to burn up and die.
When is your movie Yes Sir coming out?
Updated facebook app. for iPhone. Don't like it at all.
Had a great workout with Emily at fivex3. Can't wait to have my students workout with her :). Thanks Em!!!!
Crappy call against the Celtics. Rajon didn't handle it well. Bulls, Pacers & Celtics not in a good spot right now.
all i want to do is shop for dresses online for miami instead of studying!
Eat local! Hazelnuts, salmon, blackberries, Tillamook cheese, Country Natural Beef. On 3/29, % of sales from Burgerville to
at .14 secs. in gknova6 transmission you can see a gun on the wall behind the horde of zombies. on the 4 main screens in middle
Oh , your #followers are about to triple now that the backstage article came out! haha
You're something that someone would only meet in a nightmare.
Happy new year! All moved in new house...now have to unpack!
By the way- Thanks for disagreeing so agreeably. It is sadly quite uncommon online re Amendment 1.
So far 748 followers thank you mahomies and beliebers and everyone else for following me
At the coffee shop, ostensibly working on a new blog post! Soon to follow, stay tuned!
Haven't done any grinding in over two days for absolutely no reason at all :(
Awesome man, thanks for the insight... we just picked up a panasonic for our videos too
Jessica is safe (: I want Phillip too be safe now .
Mary Grantham is an early 1900's Scarlet O'hara. Am I right? Or am I right? And Downton Abbey is Tara. No wonder I love this period drama
Dear door guy that takes his job way too serious, You're a door guy at a crappy bar, not a secret service agent. -everyone
We are looking for more people (bartenders, servers) like If any1 knows of some good ppl, let know!
Off of work and ready to go to Vegas!
You bet.
Listening to chuck performing live at wilson plaza on wkys 93.9
Me and saw the hunger games last night it was pretty badass (: but disappointing ending lol
Tickets to see with my boyfriend tonight!!!! Ah I am SO excited!!
The Philippines has about 7,100 islands, of which only about 460 are more than 1 square mile in area.
that will be interesting, won't it? You figuring it out? Nice work in the show tonight. really enjoyed your last scene.
happy happy birthday <3
I feel like I'm in line for a ride at six flags
"Sometimes life leads you down a road when you're holding on to someone that you gotta let go.. you’ll see the reason why."
Unfortunately we didn't end up using this one. I'm keeping it on file though.
Thanks for the mention! Though, "The Plot" is only available on the zine platform.
Oh, my bad. I didn't realize that I was living in a psych ward.
Knock KnockWho's there !Cash !Cash who ?Cash me if you can !
Debbie sold her house today!! Congrats!!
CBB unified start date isn't level playing field anyway..Qtr schools started 4on1s 2 wks earlier than semester schools!
was here (;
Rookie mistake...
is working on new Oscar designs, to be released this upcoming week! Yes, you two can wear Oscar styles at affordable prices!
If you'd go ahead and buy that outfit from the government for a few trillion, that'd be great.
preach black man preach....
So many new fans of moonshine since we landed in Vegas at #NCBShow! Once you try you never go back! Shine responsibly!
It's show day. I've trimmed my beard and used apricot scrub. Shit is getting real.
Good morning. Keeping the umbrella close by today.
I'd like to take this time to bitch about ppl who ask questions just so they can discredit u when u answer them
Seems I'm always congratulating you. Kudos, compadre! (hard earned and well deserved!)
Jones u?
Fashion Lounge Party, in October! The line up is amazing!
Great, Please remind your friends to vote too!
Don't forget 2 sign up for #EdcampSS March 24th in Philly. will be our Keynote Speaker and it's FREE!
Thanks babe! <3
yes, times were different then. When minors contract is up, would u be able or want to negotiate & return to the sho
14 goals last night = more baskets than had in the first half LET'S GO HOYAS! Pick it up.
.I'm so glad he didn't get mad <3
I need a back rub.. on the realest tip..
next Thursday!!!
please follow me.....
thanks sweetie! Have a good day...I have to get ready for work now....UGG!
If U came out Sunday 4 Andy's Jazz Jam Session - THANK U and To the new musicians and vocalists--thank you for sharing your TALENTS
How valuable are you if the only thing you tweet is a retweet? #NoFollow #SEO #CarDealer or #CONSULTANT -Social Gurus
It's s new day and you get to choose how you live it so: Speak Up, Get Up, Step Up or Shut Up.
#20peoplethatilove God, Jesus, Holy Spirit..... my brothers, my sis, my mom, my dad, my grandparents, my friends, the world
An Acoustic Player&#39;s Pedalboard (Part 1) « Evan&#39;s.Blog.About.Stuff ...
I really would
Night spent helping decide between a Mercedes SLS, Bentley GT, Ferrari 458 and Porsche TurboS all custom
Real Madrid slaughtered TFC 5 - 1 in club friendly this evening
wts r name?
Clary sage is uplifting and relaxing, great for supporting a normal, healthy attitude during PMS; also supportive for menopausal women.
Anybody want to switch to T-Mobile and not pay an activation fee? I need to get rid of one of my lines ASAP.
just do it soon, and make sure you have an indiana date.
tweet tweet lol
I hate when the funny Tweeters tweet stupid sponsor ads and stuff.
RT : "God is for you! God is for you! God is for you! God is for you! God is for you!"
I know you guys will come back next year and be even more of a threat! Proud of you guys!
RT : RT GREAT insights on social media from by Conference Call University
Hey!! We play pop punk/ progressive pop rock! We just released an ep and it's on our Facebook!! What about you??
NOT SO EASY WHEN FACING THAT SWEET CHEN MUSIC IS IT TEXAS???
Nice man, can't wait to see more pics!
Going to make it a point to follow whoever the is following on Twitter.
New you is fucking awesome, though. And I'm damn proud of you.
I'm skeered. I dunno what to think of this New Soundcloud.
I need a swimsuit cause I'm getting in the water thus summer, I cant take this heat
whered u send that track?
I don't want to judge, but Nick was dominating the Testicle Festival yesterday.
only at stop lights! And in traffic.
Now we are disembarking what a joke first flight of day for this aircraft and can't get this right.....ahhhrrrrr
Thank you and the Godfather of Tools for the RYOBI drill and saw!
“: like dick in the booty gay?” dick in booty gay indeed
What attraction do you like in New York City? Tweet us at
Had fried green tomatoes, alligator stew, crawfish etouffe, jumbalaya, key lime pie and coconut rum pie at RTs in Alexandria! M...
I love you so. RT : You can eat gluten-free, organic food without telling everyone at your table.
RT : About to teach a webinar for : "9 Ways to Build Your Professional Network for Career Advancem't & Social...
ill suck them thangs ;)
My daydream.
dinner with your mom last night. I'm pretty sure she had something to do with the government shutdown being averted.
oh most def, hot dogs make a great dinner hahaa
Thanks for the RT and #FF!
i think ill be wearing my ambassador shirt tomorrow to #helpgrowdrumcorps!
Fanny Pak are fruit cakes. I dislike them, I have my reasons okay.
A perfect day for printmaking!
Gym today :)
lol, we get one shot to trend on Twitter and it's "Ham House" - way to represent, South Carolina.
#WorstRapLineEver I wanna peel off you clothes like a banana. -.-
s/o to you too sexy
The sky is so blue, i like it.
Don't move so fast that you won't know if you have peace wait on God His timing is perfect
Hey, when you are dealing with the mostly sub-retarded, it reads like Chaucer.
Thank you muchly! :)
Thinking of you James, Sharon, and Victoria!! We are ever thankful for your work to provide us with living food!
(Guess now we know who put the art in farting)
Hoping for some Timmy Ho's coffee tomorrow morning maybe....
Protect your assets and the wealth from your life's work by defining where it will go when you can no longer make those decisions.
HAHA... needs to pay them a visit...dirty mouth? clean it up with orbit!
Competition is heating up! “: Nadine and I both have 12 introductions on , lots of new friends to meet! #LegalHack”
there is that. . . i end up muting everyone. like if satre were a gamer: hell is xbox live chat.
Just hung up from a wonderful call...C'mon -- Happy Dance with me!
Kiley: eLife will initially not have author submission fees so no barrier to publishing, but will develop an economic model.
Two weeks until Outside Lands. I'm so looking forward to that weekend. It will be nice to get away from LA
I have a secret. I LOVE ONE DIRECTION MORE THEN JUSTIN BIEBER :)
i love you.
Austin , which is like a hour away from !
great job! Hard work paying off! I'm still working on breaking the 2 hour mark. Congrats!
How about a montage of Wash'isms?
Hurts the novelty of having an annual event.
a brand that hides the talent?
Have you checked the for spring items - we love the bright blazers!
u recording?
Coworker just gave me a stack of yoga DVDs. I'm super excited!
PSA: do not walk into Earth Fare and ask for anything high gluten... yikes!
I feel sorry for him that he was soo foolish to waste all that he was given
Seriously Donovan, your shirt and tie combo need to go.
/: decisions, decisions
Had a serious Gorilla Biscuits craving. Spotify provided a quick fix.
So glad im not going to a walgreens like a lot of guys today.
Now up at Policy Primer: Sen. Joan Huffman, ex-prosecutor and member of Sunset Advisory Commission.
Liter Night tonight The Anchor Bar come out for $6 Liters or $5 Jager drinks.. Also there will be live music Saturday Night at 10pm..
The Ursula dance last night was awesome! Got to see many old friends, and meet new ones ;D
That's encouraging: the AI was going one level deeper than I'd intended. So it's exponentially faster than I thought! (at least less-slow)
Into the gaping mouth of London / Tower Bridge
I heard that they domt sell food anymore! :(
Please help us spread the word to locals.
lucky!(: mines making jokes about the zombie apocalypse and how he's gonna train a tiger to protect him! LMFAO(:
"Shoulds" in life don't get you into action; they cut off your principles and values. Drop the "shoulds" & live by your core values!
Have you gone to any fundraisers this year? We love to hear about it!
the skunk! Tail wagging above the plants.
They're way legit
MT : If #MayDay was Tea Party rally w/ half the people #ows had would report the overthrow of Obama & Tea Party take over
i wanna talk to you on the phone:/
not until the money is out of government. It's not so much a protest as it is a movement
Hit a wall around 6:30 tonight... trying to get my energy up before the 8pm show.
try using dropbox, it automatically synced all my photos on my phone. its a good backup option. glad you got your pics back!
I am looking for a floorplan desiger for a night club in atlanta, any help please contact Mr. Thomas @
The 1st law of success is concentration- to bend all energies to 1 point, & go directly to that point, looking neither to the right nor left
Exactly! Great meeting you, too! :)
Look at you tweeting!
I'll have to check out!! Miss you! cc
This is our last weekend of the school year...
Some people put their gum on sugar every now and then, you know?
No offense, but with all that awesome outdoor space, I wish something better would replace On Deck (stupid) Sports Bar.
Alex's tweet is gonna be so hard to read. ):
I guess being nice to people is about over for me. Is that wrong?
lot of CJ debate.Good stuff. Think all Ranger fans can agree on 1 thing. he needs to get shelled tonight. Go Rangers!
I like Time Machine because I don't have to think about backing up, but I still also use SuperDuper, because I don't quite trust TM.
No he isn't, at all.
It means a lot more than you think. I'm just tryna be at least half the leader you are!
People of HIWI. If you have any eye-opening location recs or pix of locations for our interview on no zoning (want to show effects of)...
Nothing about kentucky derby on home page of espn. Least exciting two minutes in sports.
why did I ever get undercuts fml
“: Del Zotto from the slot and the Rangers lead 2-0 at 10:05 of the third period. Second two-goal lead in the series for them
Glad you had fun! See you soon MT That was a fun time at the , will definitely be back before the end of it's run 5/20
Pretty sure twitter followed Courtney Love independent of me
I just tweeted a bunch of shit about marriage equality bc I wanna fucking marry who ever the fuck I want. Fuck north carolina.
what are u trying to write/film for??
I really wish I had room to hashtag that last one
RT : I haven't read the book yet (it's next in my queue) but I already know the answer: the hair. Especially when unkempt.
Thank you so much!
obviously you weren't following us either so it's simply just spilled milk, #TFB over here
I mean they could have just had been doing what they had from DW2-5 and just make certain characters similar but not exact.
its not everyday you get to perform a turing test on aim, but i enjoy it
is thinking about teaching today's guitar & bass lessons outside.
YW!! Thank You for YOUR group & for what you do for Bullying Awareness & Prevention!
way cool; i'd love to hear more, too, especially regarding kids' reactions to the endings -
Funny bc can't read because he said "4:19"
Ugh.. I think you're right!
If you're gonna do it, do it big.
The blogsplosion following the release of the 1940 census data just confirms it: EVERYONE is a history nerd to some degree.
im kidding maggie haha i love u!
Awww shucks! Rt : #FF because - well - she knows the difference between a sheep & a lamb. ”
You'll hear "America the Beautiful" at our July 10th concert. Win tickets by finding a performance of this piece online. (yes, free tickets)
Happy weekend to you as well. Hope you had a nice one!
Good Morning Twitter Friends!!!
Feature Creative Launching Soon.
Didn't Liverpool have a 5 year plan 5 years ago? How's that worked out?
time to and - step up your social media game.
I can't believe they don't make an application to get the AP Stylebook for Mac? Is that true?
Checking out the week in video from Mobile World Congress. Some great keynotes available on their site.
are you working on getting Anthony Davis and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist to sign too?
PUFF PUFF....EXHALE...YOUR MY....
#iwannagiveashoutoutto Grand Rapids, MI, and
Deadline for #GreshamTeacherStrike has passed - LIVE w/ #BrentWeisberg - teachers reviewing new proposal
ha, is it the background texture?
I love it that folks are sharing your photos and artwork with us! Keep it coming.... Traveler
I encourage you to do so! Agree with the rant.
We will be closed on Saturday, December 24th & Monday, December 26th in observance of Christmas. Happy Holidays!
Just a little bit longer before this weekends 2-Day sale ends. Hurry and get your orders in!!!! Happy Holidays!!!
hm...I need to try that! Lol
well i leave Tuesday so we shud chill this weekend....
RT : Boys, if you like her, if she makes her happy, and if you feel like you know her, don't let her go.
OK Tron. Tron Legacy? Oh that's the new one, right? I am old.
Listening to & xmas albums. So peaceful and beautiful.
So best way i know to deal with it is just not to bring it up at all don't even let you know what goin on.
I like won and done, it's a few vowels away from wine and dine.
E Books available from author Walter Parks
Late night at office- but walking out with Hans - no need for my rape whistle
what are you learning?
looooooovvvvvvvve them. It actually makes me want to work out again, just so I can put them on.
too much on my mind. i miss being me. but i guess i just feel down depression sucks
I think one direction should come to the franklin park mall (:
if you say you did it in heels I'm truly scared of you
Gave 3/4 of the garden a till tonight.
Another morning here on the Left Coast.
'are you the band that speared your guitar through our lights last year?'.... haha uh yeah.. 'that was awesome'
I believe everyone should get affluent and famous and do everything they ever dreamed of so they may see that it is not the answer.
I got a rack on Mayweather right now!
Didn't know #politicalstarvation was a hashtag, but I get it. Best to you both; thanks for sticking it out.
The master leads by emptying people 's minds and filling their cores, by weakening their ambition and toughening their resolve.
Finally catching up on my new favorite show "Scandal" damn its so good!! Getting that feeling I got when I first started watching Greys!!
Good to have the Sonic drive through guys back.
It's been a great year! RT : Big congrats to on her 1 yr anniversary at Comet / ! .....
don't get too shittyfaced bridge!
Wow, it's quite a storm right now! Makes me wish I had a cuddle buddy.
Talked to my uncle Papa :),i miss him <3
Agent Xander is trending! That is awesome!
The Alain Locke Initiative is having its summer fundraiser event on June 21! Details TBD!
yes Helena Bonham Carter is scary
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear You do you boo.
Just laying here thinking I need to talk to my dad about things
stop indirect tweeting about me gosh
And we're glad to have you around. I'm pretty proud of our writers at
this is gonna b the LONGEST #6DAYS OF MY LIFE!! #excited #boyfriend follow?
maybe. Ive gotta write a paper some time tommorrow.
You are welcome Cary! Fun and easy post to write for - plus is great for quotes!
More proof that she is a
Just received my book "Carly's Voice" in the mail today I can't wait to read it.
hey ronnie, whens the show cumming to long island?? Love you guyz
Would love to see a compiled list, enjoy the chats and mailbag questions. Keep it up
haha talk about convenience!
The NY Giants stepped up- NY Knicks-NY Mets--NY Jets Brooklyn Nets...turn in your keys and we will pay you thru next time you advance.
All we are is all we know...
#IfIHitTheMegaMillion I'm starting an empire...
Lmfao don't make me shit myself, bitch. Get off the Internet you ignorant cunt.
i dont mind at all baby you the best thing that happen to me i think about you alot when i do i always smile alot
Starting 2012 with some good food and great company.
I may have just spent nearly an hour searching the internet for ugly book covers. I was richly rewarded.
Is twittermnesia a word, by the way? Can it be, please?
None of my dresses for tomorrow fit; they're all too big. The stress diet worked a little TOO well.
Well I would sincerely hope so.
Now taking orders for LAS VEGAS .... this weekend only!!! Get your orders in quick!!
I feel a need for silence and reflection. To heed this season of quiet and discernment. I discovered today I need a plan.
damn the wikileak'd cables from the US Embassy in PNG are FASCINATING "If all politics is local, politics in PNG… is Tip O'Neil on steroids"
TST Power Rankings on the way...gonna be HUGE.
we can make it happen if I do make it bro. I'll keep you posted
It's ok. Lol I didn't know what it was till i met my friend.
I'm down to come thru
Long drive ahead! 12 hours in a car
No block of rooms reserved for #thatcamp specifically; many are coming from the Hilton for #saa09 if you want to meet up there.
Am thinking we should take a cooking class while we are in Beijing. Anyone have recommendations?
Lakers don;t seem like a championship teak right now!
Publics tend to be slow because of heavy bureaucratic processes, though a small one might be better than the UCs we have out here
What if they said that to a person who really does have cancer? :/
I just sent you an email but wanted to reach out via Twitter as well. See the email & call me when available. Thanks-Darren
On episode 9 of prison break. They better break out of this thing soon I have things to do today!
"I love the way his eyes sparkle."// "I wanna sit on his face."
that sounds like me on a cold day
Never miss an opportunity to tell someone how much theyean to you. they might not be here tomorrow.
Damn #babymakingmusic anything by
Huh. Encyclopedia Britannica is discontinuing their print edition. Not surprising, but still shocking.
You are a person of enduring value ^ew
gots to follow
If I lived on the beach my life would be perfect.
r u gunna post the dance videos yet
#evernotice when you start arguing the shit you never cared for seems to become a big problem?
Well, one can go in and out of tweetiest status, ya know. :)
It's raining in SF, but the sun will shine on Candlestick Park on Sunday. Pray for peace and a 49'ers victory. Shabbat Shalom
Louisiana Tech, a member of the #WAC since 2001, will officially become a member of Conference USA in all sports starting July 1, 2013
#250gas Go Newt! He can debate President Obama on any Subject
I feel paranoid .___.
Tomorrow night!
let me know if you do! I don't wanna go by myself lol
thnx for watching!!! Had a blast
oh em gee, I got til Saturday! MAN UP
Email is best- on the road both days.
I'm doing well! I MISS YOU SO MUCH! How are you guys doing!?
Everything went good in FL, got back Tuesday night. Riding felt good, got to hit the beach up as well.
Do I really have to wake up early tm, I mean today??!! :(
I have a new philosophy. I'm only going to dread one day at a time.
People should be able to do what they want aslong as they not hurting anyone
hide behind me as we walk in
Love you!
This is gonna be the best year eveeeeeeeeeeerrr!!!
Thank you! It's a 9 foot #Frankenthaler RT: that piece on your back wall truly is striking!
Thanks for the follow! We love our young writers from down under--Happy Spring!
yikes! It's the worst, eh?
n i will do it next Thursday not 2morrow but the next i have so much fun doing BTR pics in my graphic design class :-)
We're into the final coat of varnish this week!
How so?
Sticks & stones may break my bones but whips & chains excite me! *evil grin*
yeah, the crosscheck he took to the face was pretty ruthless. He did score a goal & had an assist today though with the cage
#Monday Mention S/O 2 my good friend Peter Congrats on you new CD. Luv it! Ms. Bridgette the Coffeelady. Have fun/enjoy.
Here's a novel idea... keep most of your recruiting promises and players will be less inclined to transfer in the first place.
ugh that is annoying.. I keep music on external HD and just put where I want it.. I rarely buy from iTunes :P
Are men supposed to use "nude" or clear nailpolish when they get a MANicure?
Next stop:
Pick me. What is the password to IndianaJaffe5? :-)
The crunch is so satisfying! RT : Yes, I do love the taste and crunch of chips, but they just aren't good for me
C'mon Omar , We Need you to be Clutch #Marlins #marlins v
Just a week left until the launch of the RepeatReceipt App. Just in time for
And I missed it when seeing no Boskovic, but Pontius on the bench?!
It's called Facebook, not Boobbook. So next time try to get your face in the picture too please? K thanks.
ha ha. Baked goods and brussels sprouts is kind of my life.
The #laflood will be featured at tonight's #elit reading at Hugo House
HAPPY 22nd BIRTHDAY TO MY GIRL, , love you!
Solid show from Lindsey Buckingham at the Crest last night. I wish he would have played longer, but an amazing guitarist.
#shoutout 2 my nigga everybody go follow him ASAP !!
Enjoying a great session with on Social Media Marketing.
Gram Parsons charred remains are roling over in his grave.
if you don't like bayside, you suck.
#hackon12 will presentations be online? would love to see outcomes even though could not be there :)
3.8% margin of error in MU poll, which makes many of the races a dead heat.
You can't target the New York Times, but you can target a NYT editor. via at
Ohh JSimps finally had her baby
RT Too bad there’s not a robot Bob Hope to go entertain the unmanned drones at the front.
Dang, what did I forget? ....I know....I have to walk my best following friend...my dog.
At the Big House ready to see
#NowPlaying Journey - Don't Stop The Levels (Avicii Mashup)
FITzee is in Zen Mode all month long on Mon. and Wed. at 7pm! Join us for #YogaNight to get cool, calm, and collected – for free!...
RT : DJing tonight at inside The Luxor, doors open at 10, Come party! S/O
ready for Puerto Rico!!!!
So glad u liked it! Hey Jennifer! So nice to meet you. Just spent an enjoyable time reading your blog:))"
Thanks for sharing! It's a labor of love. :-)
Happy Bday Chris, from the ladies of ! RT: Kiehl's Happy belated birthday to , a must-follow for all Kiehl’s fans!
Working on so many projects!
Looked that album up on Amazon, couldn't find anything. Not a qualified entry, but a good pun indeed!
Made a fool of myself @ the missions game last night- musical chairs on the field in front of thousands! I made my family proud.
Let's hear it for #wego! Nice one Bud Light
Looks like my teachers not showin up for class please let him not come!
i love DGAF... Now come to NYC
Jermaine is great. Excellent job , I wished it for you.
For Good Friday I carved this lamb shank into the shape of a stick of butter that's how this works right
haha I don't mention it to my friends..
Just brought PYHU and can't wait to listen to 152733649582494 times!
Hey you guys please go on -->Facebook<--and look us up and click that like button please :) tell your friends to do the same:) thank u guys
Watching a sundance film tonight...
stop filling my feed with your gibberish language.
hi, bad grammar. what the hell does that mean? huh? ha!
trust a kid to dig up all the things you lost or hid in your room.
motherfucker knee'd me in the thigh now i'm pimp walking with a lean't ass swag
we sure are:)
No! Especially considering he virtually disappeared after the deed was done and before he was arrested.
happy birthday Antonia :*
Montreal's French-speaking library school in existence since 1937!
#49ers defense doesn't even have #Willis 2nite... Yikes. Don't wanna travel through
Took a Strange Rain owner from "no good, deleting" to "best ever" in one email. We're all about customer service here at Opertoon.
NICE! RT : In the "How to pitch freelance Editorial Work" session at
YES! So sad. Told the kid about it. She said "Aw...that guy was old, but I really liked him" Think they'll do a spec on Thurs?
CISV monthly meeting...best Sunday afternoon of the month.
Putting some new songs on
Happy Mother's Day to all those special enough to be called "Mom"
Great, now it's hailing. Good thing I left the #AudiA5 in the garage this wknd. Protecting my new little baby.
Working today & tomorrow then I get to see my girl tomorrow evening!
Your mouth says what's up, but all I hear is a Mill ticket.
Enjoying this breezy morning in dripping springs
I swear every fashion conscious chick is not meant 2 MODEL
Sigh, what we do for health! I think I like Luna bars because they're more candy bar-esque. :-)
It's not fear. Most are on autopilot & aren't prepared to adapt. It's not the world we learned in school or from our parents.
thanks a mil! I swear you just saved my life. I know where I'm going for lunch!
late night mailboxes
Please get Love outta there!!!
What did he just say!? RT : ": I'm becoming anti-social more each day"can u take me to the movies ?
Chicka Chicka yeh fake money hell yeh i gave fake money at a outside store the dumbasses fell for it i walked away with 11 packs of gum
I don't care if you like polka dots, puppies & Chris Brown, who the fuck are you?
Yes sir bro.
Banging my head against my desk... Why are the simplest things the most difficult for some people?!?
I make really bad decisions all the time.
don't listen to these pathetic vol fans. We aren't all like that, I promise
lol ok! :) hey this used to be a TAP team lol :)
I don't blame them. I was stuck in purgatory, after all.
I have a tracking # and the pkg is at the local sorting facility, delivery is schduled for Mon would like it to come to my work
#notatime for the cotto fight for sure. It's gonna be intense.
Congrats! Naturally a bit jealous of your 3 month vaca. RT : Done with work for a few months.
Happy Easter to all my Mangia friends!!! The Mangia Bunny....:)
lmaoo i miss u to dude :( are u still in dallas?
Is everyone purposely trying to piss me off? Because you all are doing a pretty good job.
you still do episodes on there <3
“: "Wait, is it Wednesday? No, it's Tuesday. Damn, I was really excited for bagel club"-Gaby #jewkidproblems”
what part are you going to?!
Some of the talk amongst media in press conference room about #Grizzlies sportsmanship. Only 2 or 3 guys shook hands after game/series.
Everyone come on out to Blast Friday tonight. Cleveland Street Clear Water.
I'm not saying Venice Beach is a freakshow but I feel like I've been climbing Jacob's Ladder for the last 45 mins.
It's a boring day. at least tomorrow will be warm enough to tan.(: Maybe tomorrow night we can kick it?
Quick Suites is offering super specials for tenants that sign up this month
We have some awesome studios looking for network programmers for more.
Precious lake date with my favorite cousin
I lost my cell phone but talked to the female who found it for about 10-seconds this morning please get back in touch
is it time for #happyhour?
Just realized that my bank finally supports Mint.com! Oh man, so exciting. I've been waiting for a LONG time.
RT : I'm not sure how to put this. I am in a bar that is full of Portland Beavers...fans? Disconcerting. I had no idea...
come see me now
#WilDChildZ #ICONiacz #GRANDerz how r u im doin good as always have a good day lols
weekend went way to fast :)
SOLD: Penelope's Restaurant on Bainbridge Island, Washington
I'm equally surprised by
Really? Wow. They made sense? I kinda did them in short hand bcuz I thought we needed to discuss.
Ace Hood has me so geeked this morning ...
we miss you
check out The Funeral-Band Of Horses, and Sail-Awolnation, theyr pretty cool bands!
RT RT : 's #NABJSC12 was great. I'm proud to be in an organization that invests so much in its student journalists.
Hahahaha I just got all your tweets! I love them!
Hoping the #Broncos will keep TEBOW. For some reason I just don't like Manning. JMO. Tebow is great for the moral & has fans support.
RT : Thanks men. Tips will be put to good use. #revideo • Great! Get after em!
My girls ages 6 and 5 saw #PrideandPrejudice a couple of weeks ago for first time. They loved it, especially Mr. Darcy's house! :-)
uhh who are you?
want to see The Avengers #buildasteeple?
In the Gym Wit My Dawg
the rock is taking a rest, too??
Yeah that's true. I usually get Ravenclaw, but I think I got Gryffindor once. So I'm a Gryffinclaw I guess.
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers on twitter.
After a beautiful afternoon at the #wsj office, heading home to Brooklyn to make some brussels sprouts, relax and contemplate
ELEVATE A LITTLE HIGHER #rusher baybies n_n
i hate how people say the love 1 Direction and there a big fan i be like sure just cause like people now in america........
i wish i could find the whole season of "Hi Honey I'm Home"</3
hey:) r u going to see them ?
: Hopacalypse: WOW! Amazing. Been meaning to go to the barrel house for awhile. This is real motivation! See you very soon!
nonsense marketed directly to uneducated gym owners that care more about making money than taking time to learn the science!
I saw the sign, and it opened up my eyes, I saw the sign.
Finally! Now Graham needs one... !
Thank you to all the business leaders who came today for our MGMT 330 networking event. Our students learn for your experiences.
thank you both for a great schedule!! :)
Shit just got real if he just shed a tear for you
RT : If you're staying in the #ATX for #Thanksgiving, has a list of where your lazy ass can get some food :)...
I'm good my guy just back in that corporate world right now but u know its HF all day....u good?
I don't tweet that much but one day I will get a RT from him. I'll make it happen...
YAY!!! Our first $15 raised to support S.O.S! Thank you!!!!!
Damn, we need to catch balls and hold on to them!
wow 9/8/2010 marks two years luis and i started dating and LUI birthday wow cant believe you wont here to celeabrate R.I.P turtlE
I wish there was a ham trolley in addition to the bacon trolley
Seeking Booking Agent For Company Roster, High Commissions!
Attending #prismsa with Talking about hashtags.
Batting 100% this year on grants! Who else will be for RTI training in 2012? ?
Catching up on podcasts while pretending to clean the house. kills me EVERY time.
"Fear is the greatest salesman." ~ Robert Klein
At #reasonrally despite the awful weather!
Still at Lexus service. Still no lettuce. What the hell R they doing? GRAY 2010!
WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO OHIO!?!?! (: #OhioMahomies are DYING to meet you, including me! <3
To all the haters that bood me off stage yesterday I guess I'm a great actress if you hate my charactor!
Where Are You Men Of Courage? You Were Made For So Much More
i support jelena i hate all the haters i think you guys are cute together
Thanks!! RT : Highly recommend new items on the menu.. Thai noodle salad and wild mushroom raviolis ... Brilliant
Everytime I turn on a song or upload a picture of her. She tweets right after ;P
I wouldent be here without my Haters. First they made me cry, but now they make me as strong as I'am now! ~xo Selena Gomez
I'm wondering if part of the appeal of facebook is one's confused mental model of the structure- I just can't find anything twice.
Me smile :) so thank you for being my best friend :) I miss you and love you.:)
I love my "Spidey-Sense." I've come to respect intuition. If you had to choose, would you pick intuition or analytics?
Kids make me wonder why people have kids
Cosigned. RT : Thanks , , and for a great conversation!
my nose fucking hurts and u left me a scratch !
Even though it’s Mifflin, that’s not an excuse to be drunk and disorderly.
(: sorry about the lighting $: I took the pic in my bathroom haha
#YouAintNoGoodIf you don't like country music. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
Greetings on the Feast of the Circumcision of Our Lord!
RT ": #PinkPost I am strong and ready for the challenges that may come #affirmation"
#Str8LykeDes... Lmao ii see I'm getting in shit that doesn't gotta do wit me..
I can't even correctly insert the straw in a capri sun everytime... So, no.
Traffic jam on 16 east , awesome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
hey buddy! Just wanted to tweet ya a quick "hello"
No! Mine is the 10th. But my friends is on the 28th! And she's turning 12 that day! o:!!
iS BAD AF!
where are you guys tailgating? Swear I'm not a stalker BoomerSooner!
6 tracks down 13 to go. Tomorrow it looks like.
Great movie! OK. Here is what you should do: 1) Keep watching that movie. 2) Move to DC. Yes?
so close. I was sweating the 4th quarter. I'm just hoping one of us can take down
looking forward to today, spending time with some great #nwindiana colleagues
I think I'm in Love Again...Are You The Prototype ??
Lots early birds already milling around #uwmopenhouse...does that mean we should start offering more 8 a.m. classes?
Just name the day...RT : Did a business lunch this afternoon. Safe to say I could do more of those.
sounds like it's going to be a great
You are awesome! And I love when you add things on here and FB you always make my day. <3
Titanoboa, #monstersnake installation still in progress The snake is incredible--HUGE, frighteningly realistic!
did u fight anyone this time? Hm
room 2254 of the conference building is nice and quiet. I'm currently in here writing until the banquet.
Thank you! <3
Snow showers ending around Central Ohio leaving cold temps. Wet & slushy roads may become slick & icy overnight. Drive carefully in the am!
-thank you :)
Really excited about the new Threaded Type tee design!
Happy Thanksgiving!! XD
Past MCN yes via website and many speakers via SlideShare, AAM charges for access (best I know).
Hats off to Pudge today. Couldn't imagine being a big leaguer at 17. Glad he's retiring a Ranger (but go Cards!).
Why do you think too much is made of your remark? I think it was a strong and false statement.
Across the street from my office is a huge "harry potter" store. 3000 square feet of just harry potter.. kinda weirded out ..
im right here nigga lets chill this weekend
Hey everyone make sure you go to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all your hockey games no matter were you live we show all the games enjoy.
...hmm i wonder what i did...
there is some HIDEOUS nail art on when did this become a thing
That was a bitch Molina had that fight I wanna see an immediate rematch!
De nada. We enjoy your tweets! RT : Many thanks! Happy Friday!
A fleet of British ships are maneuvering in the southern Chesapeake near Norfolk, Virginia.
When girls take pictures in the bathroom at school! Haha :)
Time to wake and bake, rise and roast, get up and lit up. Maybe even get strong and use a bong.
okc gets the opening tip.. lets see what they wanna do with it... oh they wanna turn it over.. i can deal with that
Demon day 3 done..
how are u? today avril
practice girl practice! We do love our Red Bull!
#1ICONicYear "Hi im Louis & im 10" "i don't judge men" "were the iconic BOYZ from englishtown new jersey" "iconic BOYZ we da crew"
golden globes is tomorrow night looking forward to it
HI PRETTY, lolllz.
just return everything
so great that they notice this issue as well.
Thanks for the favorite!
Happy birthday to
Fantasy sleeper #bills defense?
Join a Spring Bowling League and be eligible to win $50,000. Ask us how you can win?
Thanks you Thanks so much Bigs Twugs
Great day talking to current and future leaders at PaLA Annual Conference #pala2011. Also enjoyed last night's #palatweetup at Otto's.
Stop in and see Jed right now, he has free tickets to give away to see Steve Aoki at 8pm at the Rave TONIGHT !!!
Can't wait to hear what Time Magazine mom has to say on the Today Show
got a bunch of shit to do in the morning. so im going to bed so I can wake up. ahaha. goodnight!(: party tomorrow night weeheww
Keep us informed. Our power is out in WL!!
#EventProfs: What online tools/sites do you use the most for planning a meeting? We're comparing them to the ones nonprofessionals use.
Very cool, Denise! Best of the year I would say! RT: how cool was that interview?
Best of luck to all my bandies tonight! Wish more than anything I could be there, but I know you all will do great!
Just feeding my dreams of being a stewardess in the 60s!
I see how that's beautiful in a way but my soul can't help but completely disagree
Exams are grueling!
a ravens fan in Pittsburgh is a major sign of bitch-assness
Congrats for being our 90th follower!! :3
So far, so good...no squirrels on feeders (not that I could see, at least.) :-)
I agree.As a fan we can boo,cheer,yell,in Detroit throw squids,but that whole thing with Joel was sad and ugly
burned 588 calories doing 39 minutes of "Insanity"
Lord open up the door
yea its near bound brook and somerset
Alright, I'll be sure not to call you unless I know your up.
bout to do work on this pro tools
HI! Twitter! What are you doing? Im just eating some dinner! :)
was tht a joke?
im about to get on FLVS
of course they are!
Time to save the night?
Thank you for the opportunity and insightful comments! Wonderful experience!
When thinks he isn't the 'perfect guy' <
I think I found a new show to watch. SCANDAL!!!!! Yall might want to get on the team
it's okay...there's nothing..
We actually went over this in nutrition, which I should be studying for.
Would you rather be younger than 20 or older than 50?
Watching the grinch who stole Christmas with two adorable boys :-)
Prom was poppin #2012 all day
yes! for the next 30 days I am a free woman!
I so want to take you up on that but turkey prep trumps Muppets! Ugh!
Waiting for this phone call from before bed. Too tired..
I feel like high school student councils get more done than state govt. State govts would probably avoid voting on prom themes.
Finally caught up on SMASH. Overwhelmed; in the best possible way (I think).
Went great--just one performance last Friday, one this weekend, hopefully more to come.
thanks for the retweet!
we have several any specific genre
you are quite the little skin chef! love!
m...me wantee
Making gravy has always been the death of me. Not today, lovely, smooth and delicious!
The camera & sound people need to get on the ball with the introductions. Heard Montclair, NJ that's it.
It is way too hot outside... Who wants an ice cold #beer?!?
NTU's Moylan: the point of retrans reform isn't to favor any side in the bargaining, it's to favor consumers
Today was a good day!
Quote of the day: "I've been to the places you have many memories, but let's make some memories of our own."
To this dude in front of me we get it ur gay but y do you have to try so hard
Out of things to say now. Nothng more, nothing less.
OMG in adrianna and your we are youung vid . were did you get your bathing suit . I love it and the video ! :)
Thanks for the follow.
The movie Lean On Me taught me how to tell a prostitute to blow me expeditiously
Oh hell no this n word did not juss thro dirt on me
The way taxes are, you might as well marry for love.
1 lb per week is the perfect, sustainable pace :-)
Happy Birthday!
OH YOU KNOW IT! (:
When you put #God first, all else is added onto you. He knows your needs. He knows your #heart. He will complete you & your life.
we gon do Fl. style! Straight Bay all day in da A baby!
Sorry.. Stop saying sorry. Okay, sorry! I so do this LOL
The first platform session went well this morning - great talks and good coffee. Time for posters/exhibits!
At for first time since my wedding there. That's over a year. Shameful!
#ThingsIwantTheMost - things to get better :'(
Va gov signs bills requiring local school boards to adopt/implement policies for epinephrine in public schools.
thanks for sharing!
true. I guess that's why you threw it at an old lady! >:o)
I'm off old national sweetie.. not to far.
I am so tired -_-
idk I haven't asked anyone else
I LOVE THE MEGABUS!
If i have to do this you do too. I enjoy eggs, but your face I enjoy more.
The ability to convert ideas to things (dance) is the secret to outward success (Flamenco!). - Henry Ward Beecher (& me)
I think I drink too much of that, too
united service has gone downhill since merger.. was a huge fan previously
I have now come to the conclusion never again to think of marrying .. I can never be satisfied with anyone .. blockhead enough to have me.
very much agreed its the best. If you haven't had it try the Love Cado.
Rainy Monday...wish i was at home in bed...
Of course, you're my little parsnip.
Watch out for those in Orlando on #AllStarWeekend. I hear they are dangerous
how r u?
The Diversity Platinum Card and Jagermeister present RAPTURE The Ultimate Pride Dance, Nov 5 - Hotel Zoso Go to www.rapturepspride.com
Crimped hair is coming my way.
Ha! You might be a redneck if.....lol
Where do I take this pain of mine?
Thanks to Young Literati member, Howard, for taking the Stay Home and Read a Book Ball and running with it!
We just had a great meeting to talk about all our great community partners and programs in #Buffalo with office. Thanks!
Does it hurt, to know I'll never be there? -Kelly Clarkson
Be honest with yourself: What's motivating U today? Why are doing what u r doing? R ur actions likely 2 produce the results u really want?
lright everyone! Treat has been given! :D We put up our Intro and a better version of "Let it go sport" We also put up "Self Made"!!! :D
Cajun big easy on deck...
I Have to get one more followerr... HELP ME AND IL LOVE YOU FOREVER.
I think my twenties included at least one existential crisis per annum.
that looks like so much fun!!!
your welcome! :) thanks for participating in the video! spread the word! :)
We just did another round on the website. Tell us what you think. LeftHandClothing.com
Hello-fest! Actually, tonight it was SHRIMP TACOS!
Some "Bieber" fans are so fucking stupid! Immature assholes !
Global Domination Mr. Noble FE Click Out! Chuuuuuuchhhh
My headache's finally gone.
I grasp on to my music endeavors to hide from the true pain I feel inside. It keeps me sane and gives me a sense of hope.
"moths are the heralds, or better yet, the guardians of eternity,”. -Castaneda
My favorite part of #replaceawordinafamousquotewithduck : sometimes its a noun; other times, a verb (& at least once, an adjective)
its all good ashley!
philip phillips from american idol is just so... dreamy. haha. <3
You kicked ass, lady! RT : Post-show Canters with Awesomeness
#Imagine You and Niall are going through all your hate on twitter and Niall holds your hands looks into your eyes and says,"Your beautiful."
Day 1 in Seattle and already at pride. This summer is off to a great start.
Yea that's him. I'm sure Gimenez doesn't give a shit
Ever flip through your Facebook photos and watch yourself Benjamin Button?
Could it be that Sheen is on a substance that isn't checked by your standard drug test? Like rhinoceros adrenaline?
It only took 8hrs and I won the stand off!!!
Honored to host #OMMA Influencer dinner in #SF for thought leaders & more
good luck kevin. i'll follow you on the ny marathon app.
i only want summer to come so i can still teach you soccer
is just the numbers plus efficiency
#ConfessionNight some times I feel like I don't want Austin to become more famous cuz I miss how it use to be, but I'm so happy for him<3
When I first saw 'cologne' I thought Köln
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 6
Got the cutest bathing suits today :)
RT Im confident and pleased with my diet and exercise!
Johnny Rocker & The High Rollers live at Paoli Pub in Belleville, WI tomorrow 3pm-7pm!
along with attacking basically my whole body, organs & nerves, it has wrecked my spine. Just had new x-rays & MRIs....
For deep cleaning, evaluate the nature and extent of soiling before deciding on the cleaning method.
Kill him for his late game passiveness, his missed FTs and his bad stepbacks.
Still doing any virtualization? Good luck with the job move!
The only Waunakee in the world!!!
"In a booth in the corner with the lights down low, I was movin' in fast, she was takin' it slow..."
ewan mcgregor is brilliant in i love you phillip morris!
Goddamnit, I'm still a Cubs fan.
"He's got fists like empanadas. And he's my best friend."
I could care less who won, I just wanted game 7 to give me something to watch
Hahahaha I better see you soon. I missed you at #HighCottonFormal <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Anyways someone should text my line
Get to know yourself. Use your self knowledge to better understand others and build mutually beneficial relationships with them.
I love the #grind its all i know
No more Mr Nice Guy hello Mr nice watch
I feel like a machine today! Uh!!! Blog posts! Work! Dropping off clothes at Secondi! Pilates! Getting clothes tailored! Uh!
Ha! Classic.
#craigowens is sexy.
EVERYONE FOLLOW if u do u gain 1 follower and u get a so and da 1st 7 ppl who do get 34 followers
My house smells like plumeria!
"If you weren't miserable about the way the Caps season ended on Sat nite, then you probably are now"
Faith is daring of the soul to go farther than it can see. ~Ouida
will the flood behind me put out the fire inside me........
KU up by 12 with 30 sec. to go. Why is UNC still fouling?
and they don't give you ssh access. :(
About to make a video for and (:
Extended Hours: Library open until 2am for students/staff/faculty on Dec. 9, 10, 13, 14, 15, & 16. Computer help will be available.
“To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.” <U+2015> Emily Dickinson
AHA is hospitals, not docs RT : #HITsm T2 ... the reality of EHR uptake, readiness and MD disconnect.
Positive vibes and prayers to Coach Pat Summitt, a true legend of our game.
Been wanting to listen to "I'm In Love With A Stripper" by T-Pain al day.
"He expected judgment from them, he himself stood in the crowd that stared at him." - B. Brecht on travel.
WE CARE SPA ROCKS!!!
Longer Stronger hit the homepage of thesixtyone.com
4 every dropout there is a man picking up his diploma's and degree's. I want the cleanup man not the 1 who quits. ~bld~
I wake up at 8 in the morning for my bestfriend, so she doesn't have to go get a shot alone.
SEEING WILLIAM BECKETT FRIDAY.
Also glad that the person who ordered wedding certificates in London received them yesterday . . . took three months to clear customs!
RT Brave the weather for some outdoor exercise. You'll be glad you did.
nope. In many cases, water is being transported away from watersheds and not replenished.
lol, you did not just sus face me -.-
When it's not raining, delay it. When it is raining, play through.
. Exciting! We're in a great mood too! Sip Sip! DD makes everything better for #smallbusiness owners!
Eat healthy but dont be a tool about. The sec you grow out a new age pony tail and wear silk you should go back to burger king
With that...I say "see you in a few hours for lineups".
For it! Getting married Memorial Day Weekend '11. Polled friends/family on my wedding blog before setting the date.
Initial text setting of #OksanaG Act 2 done. Now it's time to decide which bits are actually any good! :)
good deal
Ill b on keys with the julian tanaka quartet 2nite @ the arts factory 10pm-1am las vegas,,,,
Late night Ustream with Skylar later
Buying my tickets for THG tonight! I don't get to go until Saturday, but at least my brother and dad get to come with us!!
wat up homie checking in from da ill mil!
No Doubt Bro.Hopefully I Make it Out That Way Soon. Needa Put Me On the Ticket Lets Get it JKBut I Appreciate That
Aerodynamic / Digital Love / Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger (Daft Punk - Discovery) - The whole album is outstanding, however.
Love me some short handed goodness!!!!!!
your very pretty!please tweet back
thanks for the plug! Glad we did a good job 4 u! Have a good weekend!
I hope you say that because I know Ricky, not because I want to marry him.
Aww! Well I hope you do someday!!! <3
o yea border line genius work over here haha
so what's due tomorrow ?
Congrads to Frank Carti and the Indian Hills Braves on a Bergen County playoff appearance after last nights 18-7 win on MSG VARSITY!!!!
Good thing these coors cans have vent holes ...
whats the best way to cook pork kidney?
but its all good tho
My b day weekend. freek'em dress heffas! Time to party
What's to eat? Here it is Spinach Quiche and a Lentil Salad with a Vinaigrette and Pine Nuts.
#20ThingsAboutMe I tweet a ton of depressing stuff, according to (;
a loser! RT : This afternoon, LeBron is ....
So beautiful,
So the death is confirmed wow, RIP Junior Seau great football player and great man!
i follow u
#RVA hold on just a little longer! Relief is in sight! Sun and 60's arrive tomorrow!
"big data" is one stupid neologism. Can we stop selling blog adverts with it?
Perfectionism and Procrastination are closely linked. They can both DISABLE anything you are trying to accomplish....
Knee trouble forces Nadal out of Miami Rafael Nadal withdrew from the Miami Masters prior to his scheduled semi final against Andy Murray
I would prefer anything over being #InSchool .
You graduated from the "streets"? That must look wonderful on a job application.
Looking forward to #THATCampVA today
That you can't.
You CAN have creativity without passion and joy, but it's a lot easier to have constant creative flow in your life WITH those things.
SECCA needs your help for an upcoming exhibition. We need a hot dog cart -- yep, that's right, a hot dog cart. Call 725-1904 with offers.
If you wanna leave I can guarantee you won't find anybody else like me.
I'm good....for now
I rather live enormous than die dormant that's how we on it
Shouldn't have stayed outside that long
I loved you on BGC8 you were so real!
FYI there's a big police action on 8th ave be between 66th & 67th.
OMG*-* sexy bahaha
Had our guys #Remede in the studio last night. Watch out world, they're coming for you!
is with on the tour bus!
$GOOG has rolled over this time last yr & the yr b4 last. not convinced yet this yr will be different. watching.
OMG this is really hard to watch!!
Man, these damn meds >.<
Don't shave off any evidence!
weird we are the only state using that. Forward!
So excited about tomorrow. My birthday, cake with family and then movie date. :)
what does it take for you to follow me?! I'll do anythingg!!!
RT : #bbcsum12 I must have misheard - tobacco comps funding broadband rollout? <- Couple states cut deals with them..
Very talented
The jets picked up the wrong robert griffin
You know it been awhile when you get "excited" when the wind blow!!
Weather Service: yes, it was a tornado
Did you try one? RT : Having lunch in #Carmel. Fresh waffle cones smell pretty good.
Night lovies I got 3 hour to sleep hehe I was read fan fiction night ::)
Getting ready to meet up with Mikey at SFO for the league of dorks draft tomorrow. I need a bloody Mary desperately!
We are on the search for the next Les Dawson
“: When adults napped from 2-4 p.m., they performed better on tests & fell asleep faster at night" *attention ALL Employers*
expanding my crappy pop music library for today's five miler. thanks Ke$ha and Taio Cruz!
hahah it's the truth! So freaking funny! I almost like it better (;
Can you imagine taking a huge dump like pissin out her ass ?? I can't ! Lol
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 21
Man this shit crazy I been up here for this drug test for 3 fuckin hours
Couldn't have said it better!
just a little :)
RT : RT : Pointing out problems w/o seeking solutions is useless.
This game is gonna end in a rumble
You were AMAZING at Spin last night, esp your money kills art speech. #fuckyeah Absolut Vodka's worst nightmare.
what? join me in what? being awesome? Oh, sorry.
you're on, bro.
Be sure to follow RT : Got excited just now when i saw the notification. I was like OHH!!! Toi just followed me!
bored in the hospital.
hey!! I'm back!! Are you back in school? When do you go to Mexico?
Keep it coming! Was just put on avail for a comercial.
cool, look forward to it. If you need to change when for any reason just let me know, should be fine x
the job app goes up Tuesday. Now I know they don't usually hire incoming college freshman but it doesn't hurt to try!
go suck your own dick
nothing ma'am
I would never get any work done bc I miss you so much and would want to talk the whole time!!! will you be at festival later?
Why do shorties look up to Marilyn Monroe?? I really wanna know tho.. all she was was a hoe.. or am I wrong?
At little sisters graduation
Nice relaxing afternoon.
The awkward moment when you walk up to a glass door&the lady inside stares at you dead in the eye...
If is really dating I think Jon Hamm was right: "....stupidity is certainly celebrated."
y viste la 4 la de afterlife
Hey, are you guys coming out with a new Harvest Moon anytime soon? Like, for the Wii? :D
Are you home? my phone is broken so I can't call.
I'm having a normal person type of day.
aLRight !!(: I just told Lai & She Giggled !!! Her misses yuuuu :'( yu better come now
na, your cole.
my favorite channel follows me!!! I used to watch my favorite show Code Lyoko on this channel! An honor.
At the end of the day , YOU might be feeling someone is comprimising , but you miss the whole fact of the inspiriation that took place .
word up we all got to eat we a family
I will be tonight for #foodtrucks and #HEAT! You guys should all head out there! 850 NW LeJuene rd
Can't wait till Manana. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
Surge Squad tailgate May 7 before The #PittsburghPower take on the
Was thinking, what a great life to be able to play music. And, a glass of wine and thou.
agreed. Great displays of mental strength from was he tweeting without the handbrake on? I think so, yes.
": coo. Which one?" I only have 1foo !
Je m'appelle Mitt Romney & I insulted an ex president who served his country honorably. BTW, I hid in France to avoid the Vietnam war.
Hey everybody is doing an awesome beer dinner with April 2. Spots are filling up fast so call Bacchus for reservations
Happy Birthday My Long Lost Sister <3 . I Love You .
#RIPTHERUNAWAY yes lil kim! Giving couture!
boredom ....I'm lonely as fuck too. Thought I bagged a shorty but these rap and radio dudes do to much.
Preparing for sleep with a monster and peanut butter sandwiches. We hit the road tomorrow. Don't miss the Wolf Pack Tour date in your area!
That was awesome, go
Ha ha you guys could just come over to my house and we can all make lasagna together that would be more fun than Denny's
Our Apple A Day Giveaway Continues Tonight at 7 & 7:30! iPad, iPod Touch, or Macbook? What's in store tonight? Watch & find out!
Great! Look forward to your submission! We will be live on Dan Savage's Lovecast this afternoon. Will try to give you a plug.
what have u been up to lately
sext me meow
Hahaha!! Well played! And great idea!
I always have visions of things that might happen... & they tend TO HAPPEN! Creepy.
that looks awesome... where is that?!
(in a deep voice) "Can you tell me where the pulled pork sandwiches are?" #bestpickupline?
Wuthering Heights because Mr Darcy has set expectations far too high.
There are few airs I inhale more deeply than those freshly scented by a morning rain.
good morning tweeps!!!
Realizing how weird you really are and wondering how you even have friends.
Shout out 2 all the Laker fans not tweetin, answerin texts, calls, leavin their houses, #enjoy Sincerely
Thursday " Ladies Night " @ Mambocafe Dallas !! Daniel Boom dj in the Mix and XOdallas broadcasting live !! $1 Margaritas 'til 11 P.M.
I locked myself out of the house, walked to work in flip flops, spilled something in my purse, and had vendor issues. Will cut a bitch.
i feel you.. I see understandble
Great idea!
you're very welcome. Please email me so we can partner up with our soon to be released mobile app on iPhones and soon Androids
well alright. Let me know the details and I'll work to contribute what I can. That sounds like a great session. Thanks!
To: CAROLYN, please have a great trip to Napa and PARIS!! We <3 you. From: INDUSTRY
The UNM Lobos won a nail biter yesterday. How is your bracket looking so far?
Three great places to celebrate NYE!~
Damn! Let's have a reunion SOON. Pete, if you wanna go tonight, I am game for literally any time. No presh.
Oopsie! I meant to! I will add it! *blushing*
just missing your hawt ass ;D o and being all excited to get drunk and go tanning
You can tell a lot about a fellow's character by his way of eating jelly beans. -Ronald Wilson Reagan
Rise & Grind. Tomorrow is Friday! Have a great Thursday Tweeple. Good morning!!
ion even know y'all
Back in LA after a successful Vegas Cakeover : ) Check our Website and FB to see when were back!
You don't, you just exit the application.RT : How do u log off tweetcaster
I came ThisClose to actually managing to change my flat tire all by myself today... foiled by lug nuts again!
lmao damn MJ was that god? he was key on them squads though
RT Need sexy ladies for video shoot for this song next month in the Nashville TN area! Money Mac feat Raqqi_Work That Body htt
Scott is at Atl fall fit fest with Dr. Oz and Stepp Stewart. Come down to int.convention center. Scott is here till 5
Sanibel island. Where restaurants don't know what salt is.
I've been alright, lookin' for a new job. How've you been?
5.4 Travis Porter PERFORMING LIVE at FUR NIGHT CLUB Text TravisPorter to 74455 for FREE entry
Just got home
Your photos are beautiful! Never been, but hoping to make the trip on the fall or next spring. Can't wait!
You're welcome! We are doing good. We've just been busy writing alot of new songs lately. How are you?
why do you still get money from him?? I thought u had a big girl job
i should get an evanescence tattoo y/n
What movie are we gunna watch ? NOTHING SAD , please !
its been too long J!
Anxiety is often driven by our negative thoughts. Try replacing those with positive thoughts, it will help improve your outlook and mood!
its the sad truth. We'd all like to go back when shit was perfect, but unless the outcome changes, I dont think its worth it D:
“: u should already no what u did!! U cheated duh!!!” chick please who's fillin yo head up wit dese lies dawg?
Dizzy G and Harlem Renaissance lit are actually slightly making me enjoy writing this paper.
and by fancy, you mean Bud Lite Lime, right? I guess I could try it...
My favorite part about being a massive celebrity will be checking myself into rehab for "exhaustion". Can't wait for that full night sleep.
I still can't even describe how happy I am!!! I feel like its christmas.... but better!
I seriously need my bestfriend to text me like ASAP...
So happy to be able 2 talk to the #roc vets 2day. Lots of businesses for us to support.
Alright so to tell you the truth, today confused me even more.
lol why my house?
big Belieber lol. And thanks, I enjoy your company also
I want no parts of work today. I really don't. I wanna go back to sleep.
Are you going to be in attendance?
Strength isn't measured by muscle...
we'll be there in no time
lol well you already know :*
<U+0093>It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success.<U+0094> - Havelock Ellis
Woah just saw I had 666 tweets, gotta change that quick
Thx for the follows
"but if home is where the heart is, my heart is at a distance..." <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A0>
Each time Groupon uses "fare" in a daily email, a kitten dies.
no problem!
THUNDER NATION, LA IS OVER!!!!!! TOO OLD
hi my friend
oh i want to go to there.
Hey my cousin's dog has the same name as your sister. You should follow me :)
#genios I also enjoyed 'raper' as a profession.
and I'm used to you not liking me
r u creeping?(; if you are can you please follow me??(:
Hey thanks for the follow!! :) I followed you back!
OMG I miss you 2 when are you coming back home!!!
Why Anderson Cooper was in B-more a few weeks ago MT : , talk w on Sun
Light is sweet,and it pleases the eyes to see the sun (Ecclesiastes 11:7) Its a blessing to be able to see another day
try now
Who the hell are “Burners, ” anyway? A few months ago I was asked, in one of those email groups where people ask each other things like t
That's cool. Love fireworks..I was born July 3rd guess that's y. Have fun!!!!
we're Sugar's largest provider of dev/engineering services. email us,
Hay hay!
only one NBA game on today the withdrawals are starting to set in dont worry I am ok now
Thanks for the follow... Orphanz baby! Join the movement~
They look at me up & down without nothing to say, but its funny all the words come out once I walk away.
It is not the hook or the rod, but the bait that lures. - Spanish Proverb
Wow. 99% of your recent tweets for Pinterest links. Unfollow.
Carrie Underwood sounded like shit on idol. She just yells... Jessica sings way better!
“A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.” <U+2015> Steve Martin
Tonight it's JR's turn to shine... laying that foundation of #bass so we can build this house of rock! #Lowend Power!
looking forward to hearing more about your great week!
Saturday & Sunday both sound pretty great, to me. Not sure if it'll work out but it's fun to daydream...
Thank you for all of your support! You are amazing!!
Antenna-Sharing IC simultaenously delivers signal to several RF receivers.
I just assumed it was saying the dinos were gay. But it kind of surprised me that that one was a finalist.
hey! Glad you like it. Plenty more where that came from. :)
i'm drunk, what's up bitches!! lol jk but i am single..and this is a fact.
I figured the less sugar the less uglier skin hahah
bummer. send me an email, Andrea and I'll give you some contacts
getting ur old scarf<<<<
Obama says he personally supports same-sex marriage. Does this make him more or less electable in November? Thoughts?
Still can't get used to how early darkness settles in! It destabilizes my working energy.
B man go ahead and do your thing you still one of the best songwriters ever and you have that artistic freedom
RT : RT : Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.-Gordon B. Hinckley
Headed to show at #SPADES with and watch em,spark the stage.. Yet again!!!
But I wont let this build up inside of me. I wont let this build up inside of me. I wont let this build up inside of me.
Great board meeting tonight. We have a jam-packed winter - stay tuned for exciting things!
Kester Edwards talks about breaking down barriers--race and ability--through at renaming of Montgomery Co. Aquatic Center.
tonight in LALALALALALALAyay
Nice to meet you Conal.
revo sd planning conference call today!
every family that ever came during the 10 wk library series of sing/dancing mother goose style came 2 today's party. rainy as usual and FUN
you think?
On the rooftop of Team 10 Studios doing a photo shoot next to the pool with Atlanta skyline as the backdrop!
RT : #NeverShouldYouEver cheat on someone or lie to them
Haven't slept yet. I think it's bedtime. Night!
Rich concerned about library being burned to the ground? sounds like we need multiple copies... #lifelit> Let's conquer Mars then!?
if you hit it and killed it would that screw with your veganism?
So far, so good! A. de Fussigny Cognac is a great base for a
i'm home!
have any specials
prize #1 Caboodles Pro Cosmetic Case filled with Johnson's beauty products $60 value
Drew Brees is silly
#foodlabsummitdr REBO on #Haiti coffee 200k fams producing + yield. & quality would improve their condition- 30% for export informally to DR
RT “: dude I love you but I'm gonna have to unfollow you bc of nasty profile pic.”It's pretty scary! Closing my eyes.
what did zinn say?
I don't hear you, I'm blinded xx
"The way positive reinforcement is carried out is more important than the amount." - B.F. Skinner.
Tired of being treated like shit....I'm done....I can not wait to leave!!
yo tatted now . . . Yeah boi" craig pops
Yes, I ruined your joke AND used bad grammar. Guess I'm not going to earn enough points for you to tweet me.
Good Luck and Sweet Dreams!! :)
Thank you Beth!
or try to discover the most discoverable places in #roc. Like pay phones from Verizon
Thank you very much!! :)
Happy Veterans Day to all who have served!
lol, KOBE's trying 2 have a "flu game" 2nite... :)
It was a foreshadowing for carnival.. And autocorrect <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
do you have instagram?
RT - Hell ya my dad might get us tickets to the opening Monday night football game the Miami Dolphins vs New England Patriots...
Just walked by #tyga tour bus again in #Portland. Is he still here?
RT : Hope to do and proud at #CSMB2B in Philly tomorrow. OK nighty night! <Prez is gr8 Good Luck!
needs a win in Rockford and for to abuse the Milwaukee Admirals!
oh on that case then yes we must get this trending lol
With a team like and the sky is the limit!
#NowPlaying Heaven Knows Donna Summer
Cheer on team USA in the Women's World Cup Final today! 11am. Happy hour all day/night.
Lost my wallet & a very nice person turned it in to stewardess. She called my name over the loud speaker on the plane & brought it to me.
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 39
PS- can we please come to Boston? Kthnx.
I'll bet you were dressed to kill...
is that offer still on for the return in detroit!!!!!!
soo the pirate game today,HELL YEAHH.
Hey do you have a phone number for anyone @ Nebraska Natl Guar, just called no one answered
Had a wonderful Valentine's Day dinner with my husband, mom, & son in downtown #bmore. Due to the long wait they gave us a free de…
lol no seriously
“: #Sagittarius like to be a first priority, it's what they want from their partner because they'd do the same thing.”
I do have to say these r the two funniest girls I been with for awhile
g'morning cock a doodle do... cum n git it!
hey thanks for the shout! if u can, check out my music at www.reverbnation.com/gstatus
Love Selena. Makes Me Cry A Little Everytime I Watch. Great Movie.
This break really sucks. ..
can't wait!
oh no, feel better! But glad you're watching #GH!
Wish I could leave it all behind again
Having your tire go flat is a bad day. Having your spare go flat makes things even worse. PS. It's freezing outside
The Chinese eat everything with four legs, except tables, and everything that flies, except airplanes!!!!!
Protect our children! Give them a voice!
Telling me one thing and doing something else
I would like to but I've learned the hard way to be careful what I announce too soon;) Plus I just forget to do it!
On my way to NYC to talk to RG3 at a Subway marketing event...oh it's early
Thank you for all the support!
Love our reaction to certain avatars. makes us hungry, in a yummy kid-like kind of way. Winning combo.
Yep that was me! If ur ever in Nashville look us up, we may just be playing together again :)
stop complaining! You get out before me.
1I'm pleasantly srprsd u were up n at pub, didn't know u loved real football, 2 they're gooner fans...can't expect more
would the current issue effect the FTP server? I'd call but it seems your main website is down too :P
N part due to the fact that alcohol is a poison, tolerated by our incredible bodies; yours is highly reactive
s/o my new followers
Thanks Elaine!
truth is, i can't stand the thought of being alone. i'm weak and can't deal with things on my own. what i'm trying to say is i need you
Good morning world, what's the deally today....efficiency, that's what.
Ladies #Icantstand to literally see the tracks in your hair
I am freaking out my teenage daughter. (And I like it.) LOL
Screw you, okc.
joe budden in the ear right now
i just went to check and see if it was like Armageddon or something
Its also a hell of a lot clearer. 52 confused me because I didn't know what was being rebooted and what wasn't.
Well, I literally don't have a pot to piss in. But I do have a toilet, which works much better, anyway.
Why is the Torch only available on AT&T? Worst. Service. Ever.
I haven't had a water gun fight In like 8 years.
you're so sweet. You'd be the greatest boyfriend (: Sarah's lucky.<3
Alright, I may be sub tweeting the shit out of oomf, but she really is fantastic. Lol
It's #laborday! We hope you're doing something fancy.
Was your first Monday night without football since August w/o football really that traumatic, Mr. Stella? --- removes noose from neck ---
Kind of wish the US was more like France and other nations, and inaugurated our President immediately following the election.
the shining, blade runner
cool you should've came to Envy last night it was poppin!
I really don't know how twitter would be w/o ' tweets. They're so perfect..they always make me laugh.
happy to. Hoping to be at #140conf as well. Thanks for a great day. & did an amazing job today at
SAVE MORE FLIES, DON'T BE A GAPER
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
If you play #NBALegend you should add me on FB.
Can't wait!
Cats win 8-3 over East Carolina to finish up the weekend. Thanks to all the fans and the FIJI guys for going crazy last night!
All Glory Comes From Daring To Begin...
Ir u following back?
Thank you very much...Good advice. I realize the importance after an editor cleaned up my magazine article.
Jacob Latimore has some MAD dance skills, like NO JOKE! And he has a great voice,im starting to like him:)but IB is always gonna be my fave!
I texted you :)
I think it helps kids if you don't shelter them but do as Stephanie said, talk them through it.
Squirrels wreaked havoc in a West Linn neighborhood! Costing drivers hundreds of dollars in repairs. #squirrelsgonewild Story 5&6
I feel sick</3
traveled in to b'more 2x in the last 2 weeks, back again on Monday. Went 2 inner harbor loc both times. Food is bomb! DJ too!
Yes it is! and oh cool, i have a friend from the Philippines :] <U+2665>
The lemon creme brule at Boneyard Bistro is just amazing!
St-Vincent was so good at #BKFerry that I bought the LP ... And the tee-shirt.
I work out :)
just saw in your following list! am i proud? "yes" am i jealous? "yes" do i still love U? "yes"
Really? Video available? We recorded a song with Scissor Sisters Del Marquis a few years ago. Sweet guy, great band.
I've been taking a little sabbatical from comedy. Longest time away while living in L.A. (2 weeks) I already feel hungry again.
meet me in the romance section.
counting the footsteps praying the floor won t fall threw again <3
I think just called me soft, insecure, and awkward.... #ohwell haha
yes, I was. Just got back this morning. Ready to tweet again about Boston sports and more!
miss #oomf just don't want to give in.
she is totally a stalker. TOTALLY.
Thanks, except I don't know what rec'd means? Is that Twitter speak for something?
Kesha strikes again! Her hair and make up is just like Jen's! And she's using her expressions and mannerisms smdh
Just watched district 9... GREAT movie. Makes me wonder how the world would actually respond in that situation.
whats good for tonight doe?
Where is your poll on your FB page? We don't see it.
Ha! That's funny.
thats what I do!
the minds eye can see for miles
haha oh! I like it to
I listened to the Tracy Morgan thing. It was good. Still don't like Terry Gross. Just don't think she's a great interviewer.
- enjoyed this video immensely
Thx for the love we need more people like you!
love being ignored..
my transport is New Jersey Bus, but I'll be in Manhatten. Busses "full" at library. What can I do?
Thank you, thank you!
that's right!
Lynn the landlord just ruined my life. </3
Don't worry, little pup, I love you too <3 I missed you in Seattle but I'll be sure to bring you some treats next time : )
haha go google Jesus Loves Stuff and check it out LOL!
My phone is alive :D
we are.
is the last boombox.
The day started off well with another audition. Keep 'em coming!!!
lol you guys did good!! It's the last class!! Woohoo!
Jotting notes for my marriage equality floor speech today. The theme: this IS the civil rights issue of our day.
I count myself fortunate, my 4-yr-old son is literal & goes for correct names like penis & breasts. He's young & very sharp.
I felt it was very interesting looking at the different cultural presentations that were shown, Narellan Jolly said.
All the best shoes were made before the year 2000. Air max 95's,ken griffey's,bo jackson,huaraches,barkley's etc.
is beautifuL and an awesome friend. c: <33
is flaunting her BEYOND STUNNING mother-of-four bod on & I could not be more inspired. MAJOR #Fabulosity!
The world says "backatcha"
Last 2 hours for free drink sends! Don't wait any longer this is such an amazing gift!
70 degrees on March 8th in #nyc means that no one knows how to dress. I've seen the whole gamut, shorts to down jackets.
That was like robot....to rainbow.
Wow. This week has proven that the people that make fake Louis Vuitton bags aren't even trying anymore.
#somedayitwillbe me to get rid of FCAT!
Tonight u'll find me at the Emerald Queen Casino off of exit #135 in Tacoma,WA w my cover band 4More.
not just any church member, a judeo-christian one; he leaves out mention of a large religious group: muslims
Benefit performance at my old HS.
attempting to write a resume even though i've never been employed a day in my life
Lowest gas price in Madison is at the Clark station on the corner of Park St. & Olin. $3.59/gal. Get a step ahead and pay less for gas.
Would be the most WONDERFUL thing IF S Club re-united.....But, sorry to temper things, the Mail Online's article claims 'the band's PR
3 days ago
Joey Votto follows Stanton's lead ! Holy shit !!
In memory of those who we have lost RIP 9/11 <3
HIS EYES ARE JUST OMG!! i wanna steal them seriously!
Spent some time at a food bank distribution site in San Ysidro this morning. 200 people. Many arrived as early as 3:30 am for 8 am event.
I got sorted into Ravenclaw! Are we shocked? No? Me neither.
I know what my mom is doing. She is trying to starve me so she knows I will fit into my dress. #smoothone mom.
Please don't - I'm tanning vicariously. Love to you both, have a blast!
There's a FaceBook fan page for: Aretha Franklin's Inauguration Hat!
You are lucky and can sport both . . . BUT the length can compliment the style of dress and jewelry you are wearing
I find it attractive when a guy carries a girls books, its just so cute.
i love the sound of squishy milk between my toes
fONDATIONS started there, eXPERIENCE brought me here... CAN YOU SEE ME NOW?.lol
#FOLLOW too!!!
I mean the one with grapes, and barrels, and time. I assume both have had alcohol involved at some point.
Racked up shawty!
ha, my every morning routine exposed!
like jack Johnson and we also get a pick
never at #EdiblesRestaurant :)
*scraps' eyes spinning* the vet just gave scraps a shot of something. feel super sleepy. bye-bye, now. z
you are never alone..you have me :)
On my way to my drug class -.-
u like going there?
#HPMKT we have made a list and checked it twice. I'd rather be naughty than nice.
Paid the clerk at the gas station $16 in quarters! Lol xD
Boom. RT Zuckerberg laying out his nice dry-cleaned hoodie for tomorrow. Big day.
Flood control..Sandless sandbags-Simple,quick,convenient,portable and biodegradable..Uses a natural Jute bag and a water absorbing resin
thanks :) && I seriouslyy miss my ipod! I should be getting an iphone soon tho, lol :)
Yay! (And also, woah - how did the year pass so quickly?) It's Thanksgiving tomorrow! We are thankful for you. What are you thankful for?
My ears are still ringing.
Roll Call! RT : is anyone going to tonight?
where still in the ninth
Mark your calenders: January 15th we are competing in ! More info coming as it gets closer, for now help spread the word!
the district sleeps alone tonight... makes me so happys every time i listen to it
what a blessed day this is! :)
The afterparty better than/the rreeal party
Been Hard at in the Studio Lately, New Songs coming out Soon!
cant stop listening to - thanks again for sending some tunes my way.
I'm away on vacation but when I get back to town let's make plans! I would love to see you! :)
>> Aww *cries tears*
WOAHH HAVE TO FLY OUT TO NYC FOR NEW YORK COMIC CON LIKE NOW!!!!!
THANK YOU :)
#Debian Wheezy is already shipping #linux #kernel 3.0
Girls who tease their hair at my school look ridiculous
when you get it, plesa message us the ticket number...
deshon, did u start yet??
no wonder isaw smoke coming out his botty((:
I will need to explore that, much obliged.
I have a "thing" for 5ft women
Thanks for the retweet!
Does anyone have the numbers for McGee on Bynum vs. McGee not on Bynum?
on days?
who can dougie you say? i think is the best at it ;D
oh ya
STACK BANANA TILL THE MORNING COME.
I miss you too! #dontknowwhyileave Oh wait
I have just stopped looking for certain things in life , but I haven't given up !
wanting that one person to text you and they don't <<<<<
Good morning peeps!
Thanks for the RT!
Robin, we are very fortunate to have her in a wonderful hospital in St. Louis, but I do asked for prayers for her - Carol
Golf shot, Rickie!
Anyone know what the subjects are tomorrow for westtest?
Oh.my.gosh. <3 I LOVE !!!! Details later! <3
Falling in love is like the rain. It<U+FFFD>s unpredictable, but there are always signs before it completely falls.
you have me glued to your every tweet now...
Just finished my first crossfit/boot camp class. Holy. Crap. This is going to hurt tomorrow.
True! Organizational support/assistance is vital. And gaining the support can be another challenge entirely
Awesome! Glad you like it! RT : your Nutritonic kombucha is so so good, and I never liked kombucha before.
ok, back to work...
I tried the Teletype first.
“What’s money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.” –Bob Dylan
right there with you is where i want to be..
Hey you!!!!! Lol, your boy Kirk made it to the show!
i dont care what they say, im in love with you<U+2665>
Why was social media effective 4 #ArabSpring but not so w/ either #TroyDavis or #TrayvonMartin?
This is the best Easter basket I've gotten in .... ever.
Sad how you can't find that these days RT : Everyone wants to be taken, but nobody wants to be committed and faithful.
": i loved "Sleepover"" THANKS!!
My immune system is proving to be very unresponsive.
Ha! I have 10&11 yr olds. [RT Thrilled my 8-yr-old is writing his own fable. Not thrilled that it features Mario and Luigi.]
love it!! I can't believe it's your first!!
kinda, except with crank comments RT : "Isn't blogging kind of like yodeling into the abyss?" Richard Jesse Watson
free menudo on sundays at 1395 s sheridian blvd. fro more info look us up on yahoo at picososmexicanfood.com
Romo enters the game, promptly hangs a hit-me slider to Hart, but he can't keep it fair, still a bit of a scare for the faithful
As a writer, if you get the small details write, readers will "trust" you on bigger fictions. But mess up the small stuff...
We appreciate your support in making this awesome project happen!
my fave villains weren't there at all - dr. doom and galactus.
I betcha if Train Dreams was longer it would've won.
your face sucks!
4-18-81 #Superdome JYD & Dick Murdoch form race relations "dream team" in tag tournament
Come out to Arboretum Petco and meet the Wees today from 10 - 12. See you there!
Thanks for the RT!
wish I could! I don't ever deal with her personal (twitter) or pics/press stuff. Job boundary. Am sorry :(((
Is anyone on my TL a home designer, or even a budding interior designer? I need ideas for my bedroom, stat.
hope you vom after :)
There IS a mouse in mouse hunt!
Always express your gratitude.
Do another 'She Can Get It' video? Please. :)
I Love My Husband So Much
great job on the #sobewff video!
Happy Easter to all of our Facebook friends and family!
we're screening my latest film at the Boulder Theater on May 24. Hope you can make it!
I'm at where students are getting petitions signed to support undocumented students and to end human trafficking. LOVE it!
Thanks! Keep an eye out. With any luck, you'll start seeing us around very soon!
isn't one of the tasks the girls actually won the task Diana was PM on? And all the work Aubrey has done they've lost at?!
Thank you.
Why no Isagenix? It's really great stuff.
Glad to see Gerard's work being tweeted about.
i hope you get better soon!
sinus surgery at 6 am. I need to smoke all my cigarettes in the next hour.
I guess I finally need to figure out what I'm supposed to do about all these Google+ notifications. The interface is still a mystery to me.
Park in a hay field fog up the windshield my kinda killin' time<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
wait...I thought you started that trend?
SOMEONE, COME HOME SO I CAN TAKE YOUR CAR TO WALMART AND BUY MYSELF SNACKIES.
4 Hours And RoM Still Hasnt Finished Downloading. [Sad Face]]
You must be in Atlanta. The nice post office lady at one on Piedmont says the only way to fix it is to write to USPS
Daytime #curfews punish all juveniles indiscriminately, regardless of whether they are conforming to a public school schedule.
Manager just hit you up
yeeee <U+E41F> we def need to hang out this summer! Starting with Indy 500 craziness <U+E105><U+E132><U+E30C>
You da one :)
millie knows what treats are. millie also knows how to open the drawer to get her treats. she's a jerk.
are you Christian yes or no
I'm digging the color of tie tonight.
I paint with shapes.
Did they have to go so hard this episode?
Sorry. You bear no resemblance to liver, chopped or otherwise!
I have to go to sleeperoo. Goodnight boo<3
You not humble you will not succeed the route you are going ! #Take it How You Want
HE STARTING TO PISS ME OFF
#Fitness #exercise Excuse of the Day: I can lose weight anytime I want: I just don't want to. What's your excuse?
Why Ike, whatever do you mean? Maybe poker's just not your game Ike. I know! Let's have a spelling contest //
Need to consider context as well as content when looking at social media from a retention standpoint.
love u to
Thinking how fun it would be to do the Will Ferrell staring contest video.
Ugh, just got glitter bombed.
BACK AT YA LIKE I NEVA LEFT.... S/O TO U! ALWAYS KEEP IN TOUCH WITH YA NETWORK U NEVA KNOW WHEN U MIGHT NEED IT...
Omg I had mine on since yesterday lol
one of the best new producers
best sign a fan had at the rangers game HAMILTON 18 HOMERUNS PUJOLS 1 LOL
Hello there my little sexual HOOKAH BEAR ;D
But the beach is SUPER FAR!!
Im not obsessive over my boyfriend, sorry i see other couples acting all cute. it makes me miss you.
My Next Boyfriend Will Be White . c;
Hi Dave! Thanks for the follow.
S/O to #JuicyEnt .
Hey, I want to hear "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !
Any chance that you'll get video up at some point? I'm just listening to the audio stream now.
western new York
I love my mama.
Hot Uncle Cooper on The Big Bang Theory...whoa.
David Beckham is at Staples to teach 'em how to flop.
playin monica's love all over me mad loud....
The Large Endangered Birds
I will never win this game without you
Hot beatz my boy!!
Send me the ingredients. Imma have to make that. Do you put it in the blender?
Sometimes the world just isn't enough for some people.
Today's guests on the AFTERNOON DRIVE .... , , and #CareyWilliams ... it starts at 2pm
Some shady shit going on with the refs tonight
you find it refreshing to hear people speak ill of the dead? That speaks volumes about your character.
Find someone to help and they will notice you, no matter how famous they are
thank you! So nice to be part of the Show!
UPDATE: Crash I-5 SB on the Interstate Bridge now blocks Right & Center Lanes.. Fire still on scene. Tie up to SR-500.
One intern candidate even wrote a #haiku: OrangeAid Intern / They tell me it's fun but hard / But I've been ready. ~Elijah
Wow! Just had a convo w/ a customer who was a scientist and got banned by the U.S. gov from working w/ computers bc of 'bad' things he did.
i am going to try :) I haven't been to a thursday show in a while :) keep you posted
Kwame Brown gets a $7mm contract for one year....that's stealing. Get a clue NBA or your product will be forever damaged.
I'd love to have a Vanishing Point, but I can't justify the price tag. It needs to be about $100 cheaper...
Burlington Mall has a chick-fil-a.
Thursday April 5 Come and meet David and me at Biz to Biz event Plantation Fl Quality Inn 5:30 pm and Learn to how to Age Younger
Any subject can be made interesting, and therefore any subject can be made boring.
Just tried it out. Very cool Judy!
Catching up on SMASH!!! Missed the last two episodes! Can't wait to see on the season finale on Monday!! #excited <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
RT : Lifestyle marketing on FB is so important. Show people WHY they need your product or service. TREH
Special thanks to Lorenzo, James & Michelle for their focus, drive and passion that allowed this show to be possible.
Personal observations made years too late: too many stupid people have access to social media.
Violate me and I'ma make you hate me. :)
Now playing at small forward for the #Bulls...Yuniesky Betancourt.
I MUST see perform on Friday !!!!!!
Yep, especially since I started spending more time working on the Mac.
#MXpresidentialDebate AMLO: "for true change we need to fight against monopolies so people can save 10% in their spending"
Haven't played my xbox in a while
I will retire tonight with an even brighter smile. Thank you ;)
Meeting up with two beautiful ladies &
WOW that sounds awful. Make mine just a whiskey please. The Dutch have weird mixed drinks. Cheers
Or maybe it's not sold out? I just know it wasn't letting me get tickets online. I'll have to find out the old-fashioned way.
Simplicity is divine. Allowing your consumers to integrate their complexities with your simple design will create the best user experience.
Don't 'Turn Up' around me... First chance I get I'ma trip yo ass...
I Wish Would RT Thiss<33 LOVE YOU ALEX
Parents should not be criticized for protecting their children. It's their right and their responsibility.
That Jetsets As Well.
Thanks to you both for pointing out some out-of-date language on our website! That was also an old membership list.
One of the greatest Christina-isms of all time.
I hope you'll still be tweeting.
Hey there. Have you recieved any Canopy products yet?
Sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your heart -Winnie the Pooh<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
lol same here. That song is addicting.
If you're not going north of Crestview (Airport & Lamar), it's a dolla for a 2-hr pass. They run about once an hour.
....good stuff
I said oh yeah I forgot to mention. I wouldn't trade a single day for 100 years the other way..
Good job! Thanks for playing!
Ask San Ramon Police Chief Scott Holder where he got stats showing 60% of all juv'l crime is committed on wkdys btwn 8-3 p.m.
10x action bands, a daily reminder, like live strong bands on steroids
Bed, don't let me upp!
Eyes are bad so i will be off for a few days. keep info about my book on the other posts #blooddrainbook #vampire thanks new book out now
Last minute shopping for my moms gift
Humor can alter any situation and help us cope at the very instant we are laughing
Hey haters you ready for #BOYFRIEND to come out and for to shoot to the top?.... again?
Agreed, but do you think companies are doing this? Or just the initial part?
<U+2640>If you really want to do something, you’ll find a way. If you don’t, you’ll find an excuse<U+2640>
nice TV
cuz he's the perfect combo of size, speed and a shot more accurate then an Olympic archer
Time for bed..... Really tired....Everyone have a goodnight :-)
We, as Americans, Actually Bankrupted AMR
DARN IT!!!! I was this close to finishing my Etch-a-Sketch masterpiece
'Travel Groupie'....I like that. :)
everyday im shufflin ;D
I know, right? I feel so bourgeoisie.
: I see sneakers are back on the extremely profitable items list.. Might get these Lebrons what's the projected flip #NT ?
It's a plug for my new tango ensemble, HotSpacho.
#BandsILove all time low. they got me into the music taste i have now. <3
wow! just wow! that woman on that abc clip must have worked in some alternate reality
I can't belive the boyz are being chippendales. Guess where I'm going trick-or-treating (;
: WHAT. This is awesome!
That is a shame but happens to many. Would have been cool to finally meet you.
American sausage in my English McMuffin
Words are your enemy, my love.
this is when you tell me my tweets are friggen awesome. :D
While other kids stay up late watching porn on their laptops, I watch classic tv.
Have you been to the conference before? It is great!
It's a joke, not a dick. Don't take it so hard.
My team & I G.S.B auditioned & Im wondering when do we find out if we made it?
ask Randy Edsall.
...added your page. Getting an education on how waivers work over on my page. I'm a
thanks for the mention too! lol
Welcome, proud of you for that first step. Try out lots of meetings, you will find ones that feel right. <3
How is everyone's Monday going? What type of workout did you do today?
Need to wake up damnittt, Monday morning is going to be a slap in the face
Set clocks back an hour tonight..
“: Roommate is sleeping all day which means he'll be up all night again -_-" I know exactly how that goes!
REHEHEALLY hard for retarded people to learn new things and have to discuss them over the phone without pissing off the other person!!!!!!!
Couldn't be happier for the Wolves!
were you the daughter...this called for a woman with a 17 year old daughter...
Morning panelist session is over. Time for lunch, poster session and breakout groups!
I honestly love writing the study limitations section of academic papers. It's so liberating.
yeah I love History Channel, interesting classy stuff indeed
Fruit Loops & hot cheetos is doing it right now, I'm even dangling my feet & humming HAPPY ME!
hope u get some good R&R :)
Funny how I used to do anything and everything to avoid having the title of "Soc" - would never have wanted to be called "Social"
Abbrevs are taking over my life
I keep trying to get the music to play louder through my earphones. Volume up, volume up. Probably a bad sign, right? Swear it seems softer.
Lol I saw after the fact
talking Hipmunk at #140cuse. Great tool - sorts flights by agony level. No, seriously.
Happy Monday, fans. Let's accomplish something today!
Don’t let life be a burden. We all know something about being burden.
im about to break in to a verizon store and just take an iphone bahahaha JK
hahah yeah till try! thatd suck =p and btw great job with the cover! sounds really good and also really clear!
Philips, TPV finally ink television joint venture: The companies initially planned to start their partnership late last year, but the...
The pic is so cute!! Your little ladies are so beautiful enjoy!!
Getting ready, making DVDs, wondering how WE ARE WISCONSIN will be received in Canada. Happy May Day everyone! Amie, the Director of WAW
It was $5 mil from Sheldon, then $5 mil more from his wife, Dr. Miriam.
hey Nathan can u follow me?
So excited for my mini vacation to otown this weekend!!
CANCELING THE FINDER & SECRET CIRCLE, THE RIVER? YOU GUYS SUCK. ..... How's everyone's day?
Wow. RT : Let me get this straight. The #Sounders are 7-1-1, have won 5 in a row and have allowed 3 goals on the year?
Follow tonymaccc on instagram, he follows back!
Inspired Farmers workshop starting in 20 mins at Transform a Street on Richmond. Come on Down!
We are goba v
I can't believe it's the last episode for
sick bro
I know it's only 9:25, but I'm thinking about pulling the plug on today.
Just realized I can't play Skyrama anymore since Taiwan is part of China.
Off to play some 1/2 at Indiana Live.
- Joing the #adamstheory talking #Texas recruiting. Interview will be posted to www.espnaustin.com soon.
Yup! -Especially when one isn't trying to compromise, but tryna call all the shots -_-
Which QB are you sick of hearing about; Vick, or Farve?
This is where wearables would come in handy. There's just the dizziness problem to deal with...
no problem :) and thanks for following back!
Hey Amy! Thanks for stopping by yesterday. We hope your Monday is off to a great start -- any big plans for the week?
Kunimasa Suzuki appointed new President, CEO of Sony Mobile - MobileWitch (press release)
Our friends from will be in the house shortly. Enjoy some delicious beer and food paired together perfectly for your enjoyment
...good evening!!!
"Oops." Omg love you.
I wonder how some people can sleep so much ! #envioustweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Used to really like Madonna - Hoped I'd love Half-time but it was just bizarre. Still way better than Gaga tho - she doesn't wear raw meat.
Leadership is influence. - John C. Maxwell
Packing for Muncie. Tons of fun...
On that late night COMMON tip
give me one reason why i shouldnt hate you
Hahaha. That's true.
It is ALWAYS a great experience to spend time
How about that? The center really will not hold. (I thought that was just something people talked about in books.)
Ah twitter seriously has changed so much, I am still use to the original format. I didn't realize I'd been off that long!
yay. We both in club team extremely lonely lol
Aww well I'll talk to you
thanks for the poster love! For the most part all credit goes to & Garrett Ross &
Ain't no thang. Thanks for writing!
Had to miss school today becuz i got a job interview at hooters hotel casino.
The Sundell spider! That jewelry case is full of good stuff.
13 days left of school. :) I'm so ready for summer.
I'm not sure i'll look
they are so good
Edamame is a much better vice anyway.
re pelosi film: Almost every scene is in a southern baptist church or of people shouting about abortion. No bighollywood.com types seen here
WTF. We just had an earthquake??
This breaks my heart. Please know I will be praying for you!!!
Our performance tomorrow at The Purple Fiddle will help keep music alive in WV and benefit Japan's relief efforts. www.purplefiddle.com
Still utterly confused by webpages with black bg and white text. Point is to bring 'em back for more, not make their eyes bleed.
It's just like the dot com bubble. A shit ton of offerings, we're all spread thin testing them out... but only a few will survive.
Tonight's mussels: 'Black Earth Valley' Chicken of the woods mushroom & baby tomatoes, 'Garden to Be' Anaheim Peppers, Light Cream Broth
Rushers Love Big Time Moms :) hope you're having a great day and the other 4k's are spoiling you!
o ok..i tought you was from here...do u ever come to the MIL?
Birds of a feather flock together on today's show! Be sure to watch in just under 10 minutes!
RT : cannot talk about part of his code breaking because of a non-disclosure agreement with Microsoft
Lets go Sporting!
why does this week have to go by so slow?
So, we'll set the world on fire!!!
School needs to be over already! Over doing hw
Heterosexuality has also caused every abortion and unwanted child in the foster care system-Homosexuality ZERO
#Thunder are definitely beating the Lakers in this series... Sorry Lakers fans.
It's a bleh
No problem! It's a gorgeous day in FL today. How about you?
Aw thank you for the congrats, didn't see it till now <3
does office365 support #cmis with a new authentication mechanism or no CMIS at all?
Well, #RAW is off to another exciting start.
At home on V Day for the first time in 5 yrs. 2 yrs ago I thought we were done. Thank God for 2nd (& 77th) chances!
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
Freshman floor was shaken at vincent today nbs it was girls gone wild & GD Vs VL all day
niggas is always mad at the go gettas lol funny
whoever goes, take pictures. I'm fascinated already.
liar liar liar liar
great song <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I'm in Miami! Excited for #IPRRC. All I've experienced so far is traffic...
Making someone laugh when they're feeling down is one of the best feelings in the world.
thinking of new biscuit flavors..any suggestions?
no pet names unless they are pet names.
Morning menthol. <333
"OMG did you get BRACES?!?!?" "nah, I just decided to bedazzle my teeth.
thinking of you at mardi gras party fun times
“: Confessional: I cook my Bacon in the _________ ( oven or microwave).” Both, depends on how far ahead I plan.
miss you more, WHAT have you been doing gf?? Let's get together this wkend
nice congrats!!!
Welcome :) MT : Any hope this week would be less hectic than last vanished 5 min after arriving at the office
": try harder! Don't give up. :D you can do it!" Look at where chris and madison got me in dance
When ever someone says a certain word funny I always find ways to get them to repeat it haha
*Taking a test* My answer is No… “If your answer is no, please explain why.” F*ck it, my answer is yes.
yeah. He dosnt really care, He just wants the hate tonstop on her since she didnt make up the rumor. Im so sorryy
You should update your Twitter bio! ;)
People who keep on about how tired I act/look.
Insert meaningful tweet here :)
It's crazy how the person you used to talk to every day is now a complete stranger.
OR DID YOU?!
Okay, that just made me laugh. My parents are making animal noises at each other. Erm.
What's the best move made by #Brewers GM Doug Melvin? SportsRadio
what can we do?
Hospitality Party TONIGHT 8p-midnight FREE Food & DRINKS! Check out the Lingerie Theme!
“: my phone says 23° lol but its soo boring. Sitting here. :( haha I just rather go” What's 7 degrees
I got kind of tbl that I can b have a $50k stck pretty quickly or b on the rail just ad quick...
“: I hate when I try to show someone something on my phone and they feel the need to grab it.”
Every Friday, we doing it live on the Rooftop at Eden Lounge for "Eden Friday" Happy Hour. Any birthdays coming up- reserve a table.
Wow! Congrats to TEAM CASA who raised over $30,000 at the Baltimore Marathon to support advocacy for MD's Foster Children!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 101
Happy birthday dad !!!
It was a perfect blend of poetry and meanness. ~ You've Got Mail
no problem bro
Let's move to LA together [;
if u r still online will you please follow and I? Thanks! We love you! :)
Aw, Blackout Becca is the cutest.
Top 10 #Sports stories of the day -- www.USSportspages.com
too much homework
YEA TACO BELL AND BATTING CAGES.! My favorites <3
sounds yummy
nope... hint: I know karate and love helping people
I'm hungry meng <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Yiiiiip! On my way.
Seriously the place is kind of overwhelming.
Sometimes you got to get sick and tired of being sick and tired and just beef up to do better than better.
I'm investing it all.....time, money, talent, spiritual abilities......in WHAT? going WHERE? Retirement is an enormous challenge!
that's exactly what I thought when I watched it!
Hey , thanks for the follow--and for the inspiration!
I said it sounds familiar....bc it was my status a couple days ago...but I was just messing around...lol
rediscovering twitter for the first time
How to destroy Catholics - Step 5. Gather leaders at the White House, & tell them not to listen to the Pope
Adele is so great. And she's wearing polka dots.
I always say I'm going to sleep early but here I am...
oh well
you're always cute! If you don't get one soon, I'll try and help you out sweetie, let me know, k?
legends play their career for (or mostly for) one team. See: all the greatest baseball players ever. Now he's just another guy.
Friday!! Hell yea! :D
Drunken late night swims? The best.
I'm my own person I don't care wht others think
i wish this huge house didnt feel so fucking empty
I'm so excited to see my friend today and show off St. Paul by bike! See you soon, Deb!
I came to conclusion, that I would change my tongue ring to a different one since it STILL hasn't healed COMPLETELY
God, it's like enough to give you nightmares.
both very true statements , haha
it's my birthday but my mom is shopping for HER. um rude?
Don't you mean the Knicks are +4.5?
It was so great to have Ella Baff here today for the
you training for something with those? Lol jk
You too.
or I wounder if I might receive a call of one of u ?? Ide love that OMG :D 07979230784 please I love u <U+2665><U+2665>
yup!! For the weekend :)
School in a few :/
oh cool. Your number still the same?
I do like the occasional salad...tossed.
I'm retarded, I thought today was the 2nd for some reason lol..!!
Breakfast at Tiffany's
Happy birthday!!! 19 isnt that exciting tbh, last yr as a teen officially
You are so awesome! Thanks!
Daily Special, Tue 03/20/12 - Lightly seasoned pork chop served w/ mashed potatoes & gravy, green beans, and dressing. While it lasts! $6.09
of course :)
It takes skill to trip over a bug
but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for they may act their dream with open eyes to make it possible.....RT RT
it is possible but they would have showed it and made it more clear, apparently 2 more shows left this season
BBQ being served before 8am
Some People Aren't Happy Unless They Miserable
Deng is Thibs' security blanket, so I doubt it too. But the Bulls do need to score it better to get past the Heat.
"He still writes blogs." "Oh really...?" "Yeah." -epistemology, on the boundaries of itself
preach it, c selfe, preach it! Love the quote on digital affordances being no minor matter.
just seen 5 tweets with H.I.M. in it .
Thanks Wade
Dale Jr
Yesterday's institutions failing: It's Reconstruction all over!Civil War wreaked havoc on nation;globalization, industrialization.
I get to see #TheHungerGames TODAY! At 3PM! I'm jumping for joy!!! =]
would u like to be the 100th person to follow me?
currently moving. I'll be in by memorial day
Revenge is one of my fav shows <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Get ready for a new fish at your local restuarant. I believe Lion fish are every bit as tasty as Hogfish. I really enjoyed eating them 2day
Apparently soldiers and Marines don't need AC in their tents
No. Please. No. Xx
HA!!! just read....november baby....that explains alot!!!!! scorp or sag???
Thanks for the follow Happy Weekend!
Those moments in life when my best friend calls me and she's high as the sky and I can't understand a damn word she's saying.
i think we need one last talk. so i can forgive yuh...and forget yuh.!
Shorter Healthcare: Obama wants to make us eat our peas but swears he won't make us eat our broccoli.
when doctor gives you weak pain killers < still hurting doc
Fascinating topic for a series, yet I believe they would be better served focusing the discourse around more clear criteria
Lunch break! Finally!
I'm down
This book is rocking our world right now: www.roomthebook.com. What books are rocking your world?
Diana Ross is super boss. Beyonce Knowles is outta controls.
"Dad, no offense or anything, but why the fuck are you calling me?"
yes, melanie was AWESOME! I just ordered my dress a couple weeks ago! And I got a job at enterprise!
WTF was w/ Angry Mumbling Guy behind me @ afternoon session? "mumble mumble kick his ass mumble damn academic mumble"
lol we do resemble each other a bit.
Omg... That's me all day. I AM the music video to most songs, while I'm driving. ;)
we did! Good luck
i do
Pizzeria UNO on NJ-73 is advertising its tap lineup for Beer Week.
what are you doing before B.O.TB's???
Infinity & Beyond.
LOL. so you switching up my words n tryin to make me look like a creep? Oh.
Burger King uses an average of 1/2 million pounds of bacon every month in its restaurants.
or the walls stare too much
omg me too! Ugh Kristen stewart
#AskMel why do people still talk like #RG3 is going to the colts?
The Freak is pitching against the Dodgers today. Why aren't we there? Oh right, because we're going to Santa Barbara to see Thom Yorke.
#SeniorYearMemories ... We almost killed someone and got hit at the same time in Oakland w/ &
Appreciate the RTs and everything. Glad Jackson's extension is complete. Now he and Spiller just need to be focal points of #Bills offense.
Glad I got to see Kiara and Kolbie today! <U+263A>
My Mom's birthday was on Friday and I forgot. How do I make up for that? Uff.
yeah it was great! i think that was like a couple of years ago right?
“: A horse walked into a bar.. Several people got up and left as they spotted the potential danger in the situation.” hahahah!
what's your name?(:
Dwayne is like freaking out with so much work over "Empire State". We are working really hard on it. Liam & I are already used 2 it. Xoxo <U+2665>
And now something for the ladies... Thanks
Check my French.
all like to - Tomorrow 8pm in NYC!
or at least a map where you can pull Texas away (kidding)
Those that follow us on Twitter...thanks from the bottom of our heart! Lol
thx for your message to upwithchris! We really appreciate your support.
28 degrees out and yes, I've had a flip-flop sighting on campus.
Saw 5 deer across the street from our daycare this morning. I think it's a sign.
Love the dashboard view: Much quicker (and easier) to gain instant overview of stats. Thumbs up to your UX/I team.
Hello. I'd certainly like to introduce myself and my work, which is public art. I'd love to have you stop by the studio.
Alas for those that never sing, But die with all their music in them! ~Oliver Wendell Holmes
Childish Gambino has the cutest personality
Thank you, we appreciate the support and look forward to hearing from your writers!
: 1700 pink slipped. Cost of $122 million shortfall
This Atleti game is looking ugly. Barcelona is already up 3-0 and its only 30 minutes in...
welcome to twitter my friend!!
I prefer Justin bieber but Camron
Tonight at : Tori Pater, Chris Sheldon, Fleeb Keith Thomas and the return of Eric Martinez!!! 10pm and FREE!!
Good morning
At antony + the johnsons. He is doing a beyonce cover
Good lucky finding caches. Great fun for the kiddies.
i need book recommendations for reading while in Aruba
Definitely more for him than me! Poor guy!
Me to:3
Our new songs are coming along pretty nice!!!! Happy about it... :)
Really Missin a certain someone
Follow for updates on what’s happening across the sports world.
I would not be surprised if 2 chainz committed suicide because of twitter lol
All Time Low
thanks for the follow!
That's not fair... John Legend can't help it. RT Why the hell do people try to make Christmas songs sexy?
Kobe Bryant is good, but honestly he's no Jeremy Lin
Watch Kimbriell Kelly on Perspective Sunday at Noon on WPWR
Congratulations to everyone for putting forth such hard work this past term! Enjoy your break - you earned it!
President of , Burt Kummerow speaking now.
Today, celebrates 100,000 students over the last four years spending the day job shadowing AT&T employees all across the company!!!!!
Cotton tale designs Mosquito Net, Lollipops and Roses On Sale ...
Researchers found that we experience a release of pleasurable chemicals in the brain (endocanabinoids) after an intense workout!
You'll never really can fix my heart..
In some states, not wearing your seat belt during a car accident can reduce or even negate your compensation for damages....
My thoughts exactly!!!
thanks for the follow flak!!! Got your hands on #maxpayne3 yet? Truly amazing game.
be safe traveling to ''the top of the world'' this wknd!!!!
that's a good question. I guess id do her but not date her so not hot enough!!! Next!!! LOL
Brandon Inge hit a grand slam last night? Of course he did
LAST CHANCE TO ENTER: Tell us what movie you want to see for a chance to win 2 FREE tickets!
Newark boy is helping celebrate it's 20th Birthday today
Hello to Joyce and Sara! Thank you!
It's like #christmas in painting class today - just got a new tube of white paint!
Nirvana live from Seattle's Paramount Theater on Halloween night in 1991, on Palladia right now.... Watch music history as it was being made
miss yours too! Happy you remember who I am! & yeaa we do. You have my number hooker <U+263A>
thanks!! now to fill those empty shelves below...
that oddly looks a lot like my apt
Thanks. I'm interested in assessment for sure. Basically looking to think harder/more systematically abt teaching in general
I went into the freaking kitchen for a snack lol. Whoops
Nice Work ! RT : And PBWA gives the the Bryan McIntyre award for a PR staff that consistently goes above and beyond.
Time does fly! cannot believe we were launching Dell's command center a year ago (yesterday)... so much evolution since then!
#thingsigetalot you're fat! Or... * makes fat joke * * looks at me to see if it's okay*
#Lakers lost yesterday was ridiculous! I'm in it for the long haul #LA but almost 30 points?!!?!! C'mon guys!
the east side, around kohls & lowe's.. customers were legit screaming at us. yeah someone hit the tower, we can go with that lol
100 lovely followers! Thank you guys, love you all!!
AY LADIES WE HAVE NEW PURSES IN!!!!
We need to redefine the grid and find a way to extend our reach & engage members of our kehilah kesoshah
tear it up in los angeles for me tonite!
yup the whole city smoked out today!
This Wednesday is our CYR April Happy Hour! Meet fellow liberty lovers on Hubbard from 6-8pm
I'm eating yogurt nearly every day too, lost 10 lbs in the last 30 days. And like the mice, I, too, am feeling shiny.
how about elena (Zeta Jones) from Zorro. Just need a sword, cool period dress, and blow out the hair?
Hey Avril how are u?
I'm so sick of having this life. Just once I wish it were easy and I was good enough.
Snack like a pro with the rich and nutty taste of Heartland Creamery Landmark Aged Goat Gouda $5.49/lb. more than 50% off!
I didn't even know we got a free meal!!! Ahh! Thank you :)
Never thought I would retweet a Rupert Murdoch line.
#LABELLEMAFIA "PUT ON FOR OUR CITY" Concert Series THIS THURSDAY AUG.25th at #ReserveLounge COME OUT & SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL ARTISTS!
RT : "Sometimes we stare so long at a door that is closing, that we see too late the one that is open."Alexander Graham Bell
hello wht's up how's ur day
we would love to hear what the students are saying!
are we showing any interest in tolbert or bush??
#Realism is the Family of Light!
keep thinking that and yes I would like fries with that
thats 99 less things I gotta worry about...
Brown is not a spring or summer color though! Disappointment!
“Visualize this thing you want. See it, feel it, believe in it. Make your mental blueprint and begin.” Robert Collier
Fado, heading there now
Have seen or done on of these in a while . Which one should I do . 1D fan video or Justin bieber fan video??? Tweet mee(:
i even made a resume & it still didnt work...
yes tweeps...even though I watched earlier....#H50 is currently on AFNTV Korea now........
A warm welcome to our newest intern Dani, !
thank you for the tip, and for coming last night!
Looking for google site map generator for pinnacle cart. Would be really nice add-on.
wait, more to life than work? huh?
never a problem being good to good people. Be sure to let me know how/if I can help you in the future.
Tonight's agenda: Attend IA/UX meetup, watch LOST, sleep. Hopefully in that order.
Same as***
Apparently, youtube is blocked at the car dealership. :P
stay in it. focus.
Once we have more details on the party we'll let you guys know how much it'll be per person and when/where it is (:
Yes, "tape". We're so old-skool.
The only trend worth mentioning is #RnBThrowBacks. The rest are dumb lol
I wonder if honey cocaines pussy actually tastes like honey..
I saw your tweet about spotting the poster, have you tried the app by any chance?
*Exaggerate and distort* is a good description
don't it taste a little like cough syrup? or (gasp) wine?
being judged on the content of your character doesn't seem to be working out for you.
you better :)
the Knicks and bucks are fighting for that 8 spot
Why would you just want to sit inside and watch TV. You are wasting everyone ones time. Get off you lazy ass!!!!
in downtown applying for jobs and all i see is may day protesters being gay.
lol, well u know..i try jkjk :D
Conda has completely ruined this season of The Biggest Loser.She has a horrible attitude. Shameful.
happy birthday
Jay-Z had 99 problems, now he has a 100.
keep on dreaming, even if it breaks your heart. < 3
Yeah. I'm done. I have nothing. I'm completely empty...
So happy you'll be joining us in Canton!
That Is So Sweet <3
I had too many carbs & now I'm exhausted :/
Statefair= over. Lets celebrate with some deep fried oreos.
Now put Sean Burnett in for the 9th just to rub it in
Interview at 2!
Less than two hours my newest YT vid shall be posted. I started last Friday and is/are finishing on Sunday o.O
Mind in one place, heart in another
I like it: Broncos #nfldraft pick is big tough white dude. Can we call him Derek Wolfe "Blitzer" since he rushes QBs well?!
I think it would make an awesome blog post. Glad so many in #emchat disagree w statement
Good morning Twitter world.. have a great day.
I did... It has me intrigued so I'm def going to watch a couple more episodes at least! Plus it's filmed in my hometown!
I read that MNF gets last choice of games behind the other major networks now.
glad you like the app for , Kevin! We are super excited to release it.
The SEC....the best teams that money can buy!
I forgot that song by Hot Chelle Rae called I Like To Dance. I feel cool cause I haven't heard it in so long. :p
Aint nothin more dope than fried chicken and orange juice in tha morn
We know, we know. "Did I just bring up Nazis at TribeFest waw-waw." at
Got to love In-service day here Looking forward to some presentations here this afternoon with
Thanks for including me :)
There is always more mystery. ~Anais Nin
eyes so mild and wise, don't I know you better than the rest?
OK Bill, here goes, but reluctantly: Go Vikings
Day 1 of Sobertober. Circumvented a caffeine headache by taking 3 ibuprofens. So far, so good.... Ballroom lessons start tonight!
On my way to the WORLD PREMIER of
So awesome to see The Cardinals trending. #STL, my hometown, roll baby roll!
Need to get a stop here.
Happy New Year 2012 from !
thanks girl!
i like the word swimmingly.
woke up at 3am because I was starving.
So is that a good thing or a bad thing? Slows you down or makes you want to read more?
Hugh Laurie has a sense of humor.
Sometimes We Walk Away To See Who Cares Enough To Follow <3 (:
who are you and what did u send to me?
See the brightest lights as we descend into the fires of Wilkes-Barre and dad mentions seeing some sign about a Mohican dog track.
yes, but it doesn't matter because GAY MARRIAGE!!!
What a beautiful night with people people fun people... :)
night night cuz
Kimmie, it was a pleasure serving you your morning coffee, I hope to see you 2morrow, try the drink of the day
Happy New Year everyone!
I stopped for a month. But started again 3 weeks ago. Now I gotta do it again
pfft. I sent it from the gym. And with no wifi. (uphill too ;) )
I want to change the World like Andrew Carnegie or John D. Rockefeller.
Quite accidentally, I've coined a term for type of reading I like to do. Like a chicken. No lexile. No age range. I am a free-range reader.
Not ironic, it's the truth! email me...
Congrats to both of you and thanks for celebrating with us!
Happy mother's day to all mothers especially to
Riding in an elevator with Jeff Francoeur and Billy Butler on Cinco De Mayo. Saturday Night Bucketlist complete.
#ThatOnePersonWho you wish would come back into your life regardless of how they hurt you...
#honorthestripes <---- Dave is a legend! please tell him that from me:D
she ia my little baby
Developing countries are leap frogging PCs straight into mobile devices. They are becoming the next big group to market too
So that wasn't bad for the Oscar night. We all had a great time;D Thanks to all for coming.
Our apologies, We would love your feedback to improve our service. Could you give us a call uptown? 504.897.5535
it's the Bourbon Street steak with real chucks of gutter waste.
What is wrong with me?
would you charge 3.99 for gas and have 2 cars there or 3.69 for gas and have 19 cars waiting there. I am 1 of the 19 cars waiting in line.
in assembly hall just like they did you all. #notworried we win by 15 this time.
for what position tho. Prolly dealer
lol , hey im cool with that . long as we're winning <3 & i did feel a tiny sting , lol .
Okay im getting ready to check my Facebook!!
Your everything I ever wanted. Your still mine, but not for long..
The Bob Dylan tribute show at the Exclusive company was awesome! Everybody there received a bottle of beer containing Bob's cig ashes.
great updates... thanks for keeping me posted :)
In need of a dj ?
“: I hate missing people -.-” lol me too.
Awesome day at work!
its custom, if its just a clip that I already made-- for clipsforsale or something its different. :)
Let me show what your missing
no problem :)
6 miles in 43.02. 43min was goal, so relatively satisfied. 20mph headwind on back half was killer. Shooting for 1:40 Half
Sounds very cool! Tell us how it goes! RT Today's activity in my Secrets class: Mapping Byatt's Possession - the low tech version:
Back in the college town!
yeah i know.
did you pick up your cap n gown yet? My mom wants to no if they give us graduation announcements. Lol
Yeah, Ill pass on that. Same reason I don't date hot girl bartenders. Those relationships are doomed to fail. :(
oh my word no way? what a story.... maybs i don't wanna go anymore <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Cooking demo tonight at The Clifton Inn - Turkish food - m - I wonder what Tucker will be cooking up ?
I miss softball already. The game and the girls. Nothing else.
Pick-up Line: Have sex with me and I promise never to talk to you again!
One thing that has translated well from my life as a scientist to my life as a designer is the ability to write clear, specific proposals
Runyon was HOT today folks. Whew!
i feel ya. i'm on it. dm me
I really can't decide on what kind of pointe shoes I want for next year, someone help me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Give your testosterone production a healthy, natural boost with a ZMA supplement taken before bed. Avoid consuming calcium at the same time.
"Let me tell ya the story about the call that changed my destiny" backstreet boys you are always #1 on my list.
Our eyes are always the same size from birth but our nose and ears never stop growing.
Sonic breakfast burrito... Surprisingly good. Phone's autocorrect... Sucks beyond belief.
Columbus friends! Will anyone be around June 8-10? Debating splurging on a ticket for that weekend to visit...
I SAY WE KEEP IN OFFICE CUZ HE A CELEBRITY & AMERICAN PPL ONLY LISTEN 2 CELEBRITIES NOT REGULAR PPL
<3 Woody Allen's latest couple of films. What a dream to be in one!
The rain is nice. But it sure makes for a dreary day.
Advice: find people you want to go into biz with first, then think up idea. Success better, MUCH better if shared w/cool tweeps!
Wow, finally caught up with what happened. Good for you realizing your mistake and trying to right the ship.
RT CEO of Friendship Pub. Charter School Donald Hense: You dont do this alone, I've got a lot of wind beneath my wings.
Thank you! Glad you found it interesting!
Fun time in the studio mixing some vocal tracks and messing around with my synths. Have a great night or day!
We have just opened a new office in Bartlett, TN..who has kept this place a secret !!! No State taxes, low costs, great location
Not asking how to make YOU chant, big fella...
y'all better show out
Thanks for the RTand the follow!
Break up the ! LOl
ED CIO Danny Harris on "Protecting Students From Unauthorized Access" - what do breaches do to the TRUST of the American people?
Electronic dream mood
this crazy idea that we were trying to change them. and can some of you stop calling us whores? you need to fucking learn there are (c)
5 year old at the shop today really wanted to know why the water cooler releases a big air bubble
city son, commmerical:)
RT : If Rick Santorum is the answer, the question must be, "How can America become less educated and more pregnant?"
in 5 days there could be another couple conferences on the list. Never underestimate vindictive Bo
Bay knows how to be moms favorite he promised me he would get edward to be in the movie hes making
I care! An incredible sport, an incredible day! US sports should adopt the promotion/relegation model!
Purposely messing up in "temple run" to get a better look at wtf actually chases u.
That's Volstad's fault, terrible, pointless throw to LaHair. Walk him back, then make throw if necessary - BB
Revo planning meeting tonight at True North bar in North Park. Looking forward to seeing the leadership team.
when is the #brewers #Sox game again?
YOU'VE GOT THIS KEL!! YOU'LL BLOW THEIR SOCKS OFF TMR! :D
I just have to announce to my MANY followers what outstanding, gifted and dedicated people Mattea, Luc and Terri are, I am tres lucky...
Umm I just called sugar snap peas: sweet peas in a cocoon.
bout to go for a walk though, wide awake for no reason. rolling up when i get back, it's only right.
Be careful the environment you choose for it will shape you; be careful the friends you choose 4 you will become like them. W. Clement Stone
Always be proud of any child who succeeds at anything productive, even if its not yours
damn cry baby ass kids
Me & many others... rightfully so don't u think? Ideal and reality is two different thing. We need to be smart.
Art is a way of seeing, of picking out detail, to observe, to experience, and to feel. Nina Wise
Its windy! (:
I think I'm gonna hit the sack. Goodnight.
Taster's Choice
first I've heard of that. thanks for sharing
Bed soon:)
Happy New Year Jacob!
“: Does anybody know what time Duke plays Saturday?”//About Dark-Thirty.
I know! And thanks, lady, for all the help and getting that story into shape.
omg i love those almonds!
Don't feel good today :(
We need to start crock potting ourselves, marinating... #catalyst Dallas
thank you for the follow and welcome to our circle.
There's always a person you don't know but you always make eye contact with whenever you see each other
Get out and enjoy!! RT : Please enjoy today...tomorrow is not looking too good weatherwise
Thanks “: Congrats job well done sir”
When ever i see Austin i swear i'm gonna kiss him YOLO
When ugly girls get preggo you get the same feeling you would when someone you didn't know well but went to school with dies..
Baby can you play the role
I'm reading Carlos Castañeda's books again. I can't understand how Don Juan resisted slapping some sense into Carlos.
What's the weirdest concept you've seen for a production of #RomeoandJuliet? Or any other Shakespeare for that matter.
Jesse Morgan has averaged 9.8 ppg but against teams from Philly, his hometown, he's averaged 14 ppg in six games including today.
Have the Steelers ruled out putting Fergie on the field? She looked pretty terrifying in her robo-gladiator-football getup
Different parts of life hav been so different, I feel like 4 different people by now
The Boy says we're going to a stand-up show tonight- hm what to wear???
Let me log off...
Nothing I hate more than finding a 2 inch folder labeled "Unfiled Miscellaneous"
This is useless garbage. Why are you posting it?
A4: Always build buffer into project quote so you can "magically" fix whatever has gone wrong.
Hello, this is Carson the Butler of Downton Abbey, to whom am I speaking? (Loudly!)
youre the most amazing boyfriend in the whole entire world :)
oh wow!!!! Tht must hurt!
Followers, have a lovely weekend (and don't forget the SPF)!
EW. A bird just shit on my shoulder -_-
Actually Reading a book #SteveHarvey #
It's National Volunteer Week. Tell us how you choose where to volunteer?
What's new? Anything super rock and roll?!
I wish Emily's tweets were not sent to my phone. How did this happen?
ha, barely! Only to jump back in on Monday. Get 'er done! And good luck!
So how do you guys like our Spring issue?
Awesome show last night Pgh! Akron, oh tonight!
You may be 110.7 thousand km away, but you're still in my heart.
AnotheR NYC date just announced>>>>>> May 31 We will be live in hARLEm! See u there!
YOU WILL ALWAYS BE INSURE UNTIL YOU ARE SECURE IN GOD<3
yeah, what a song! Just a perfect little parcel of droney gorgeousness.
Boot! Never wouldve thought of that. I've been doing the waistband tuck - terrified it's going to slip out the bottom of my skirt.
The disappointing moment when the person in front of you at Walmart has all vegetables and you have poptarts, soda, and doritoes.
Very busy weeks to come, I might think about good planning
I know there is ratchetness in Ohio.
“: At work watching our supervisor perform on CBS :) ”>>>Awww YAY! Glad you all caught the show <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Saw this story today and thought MM would like this. Looked at the byline and it's you! (p.s. I like hoodies).
I don't know much more yet. I'm still planning it out.
I can hardly wait 4 this book. I'd buy it for the cover alone, but the blurb looks just as good. Looking 4wrd 2 your review.
this shit is too easy - freakin Brady
We have passed all previous referenda under govt. duress. Mostly stupid advice. Reason Ireland is on Titanic path.
I hope he brought u some hands and a shot
We need a volunteer #photographer for a #PR event w/Dell in the #Austin area (Georgetown) on 4/13 at 4pm. DM us if you are interested!
I am! We should catch up, hit me up on gmail or fb and we can coordinate...
No, I just like taking pics of the cats.
Happy to have completed most of run before this morning's deluge.
happy birthday Usher !
I am in the great state of , literally at a festival of beer, The Dubuque On Ice Brewfest.
Pistachios are so good. You can't have just one
Nice, Dragon Dictation works pretty well!
Nice to see some love for DD! She was the top box office draw of the 1960s.
Broke 200k in #templerun #newhighscore how the hell do ppl get in the millions?!!
Tonite MCPl Lac Folmc Fol joint meeting. So Many acronyms to plan for this year of action!
PRO TIP: Trader Joes Spicy Thai Noodle Salad is delicious.
glad you had a great visit :)
she is busy winning lots of money.
something for school
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you got the hold color of the rainbow in your hair!
Did my civic duty and voted!
remember to back them up 1st.
For the best chance at getting coverage, find a similar topic, and call up the same reporter to suggest a follow up story.
I can't believe the day is over already
I hate stupid ass ppl
don't let it kill ya. Lok at it this way: they better be spending theri energy talking about you
My punishment is stay up until you do twice as much you lazy dumb useless shit.
Its snowing. Da heck.
Cold Steel Peace Keeper I Knife San Mai I Steel - knives made in japan
I also enjoy raggae, and country, mostly shania twain. How about you what are some more of your music interests.
new budweiser ad w grumpy man in a bar is direct ripoff of what can't Adam complain about. deserve royalties.
This is like the ALL STAR GAME of
Promote yourself for free on the promotion site on my page. :) If you don't need tell a friend that could.
Making love to the money , I swear the sex greeeeaaatt !
me too, though the worst is "preso" (both pronunciations equally heinous)
Too glorious for words- the weather today- and all the better for the bittersweet knowing it won't be so lovely much longer!
I need to wake up at 6 a.m. tomorrow.
Thanks for the shout out earlier. Hope to see you on the golf course soon.
my legs would fall of after like 2 yards
Happy Birthday, ! Have a wonderful day!
I know!! UCP has a more organized (& antiseptic) storage for ms. I haven't found quite as much vibe for photos here yet. Looking!
hey ninja what's poppin<U+2754><U+2754><U+2755><U+2754><U+2755><U+2754>
Wordlovers, what word would you want to delete from the English language? Words Came In, Marked for Death… via
My gun ah go gunshot .
Canadian Slam Baby!
Let's make it happen....but after next week!
sorry i didnt answer.. gotta keep my line clear in case jades school calls.
go look at the video
I give up on gradient nails.
I just posted short piece on How to Prepare the Message You Want to Communicate Around Change. I'd like to hear your reaction, additions, e…
Motherfuggin bitches are lurkin. On a happier though-WE BETTER FUCKING NOT HAVE SCHOOL TOMORROW!!!!!.
. QUITTERS always prosper!!!!! At least we think so.
I try and try but you never come back...!
The backs of the Brewers' jerseys look like they were designed by the Microsoft Office paper clip.
Attending The American Legion Department of Indiana Spring Conference's general session.
Love me some sutton
Check your email when you get back. Apologies.
And thanks to for giving us all a voice and sharing Philly's treasures with the world! Happy New Year friends!
watching PR videos on youtube!!
Making butter grill chicken wit spinach w/ cheese n ranch dressing wit garlic bread on the side
I don't WISH he were dead...I just wouldn't miss him if he were...
Keeping the sticker on the ballcap is like keeping the plastic on the couch
& I are trying to sound like Scooby Doo On The Telephone
Great Wolf Cub Scout den meeting tonight. Boys learned fire safety & roasted marshmallows. A beautiful evening!
Will filming of "Mall Cops" be taking place tomorrow for One Direction's signing? ;)
Happy Birthday Torrey! Hope its a good one!
"We need libraries now because we're in a complex information environment" -ALA President Roberta Stevens.
Rainy Saturdays
just did! let us know when you'll be around. we can make something work for sure!
“: Getting ready to see at salon!! Ready for a change!”Whoo hoo!! See u soon!!!!
penelope cruz
I want to love again, but I'm just too insecure.
Oh, also, I know it's only May, but this year I'm dressing as Hel for Halloween. No one liked my sexy neon costume last year, but
its totally worth it if you wanna waste time like me
Follow back :D
Gomez rips a single to left to get things started.
One of my favorite things about #waal2012: hearing library issues presented in a Wisconsin accent. It makes my ears happy.
Either you can whine or you can climb- I choose the later.
oh haha well, I'm going to bed anyways:) byye
Wow, the drama at Dionysus is intense. Years and screaming and it's not even 8pm!
Does anyone have my diamond player sweater. This girl wants to buy it for 40 dollars. Ah I need to find it
I can't believe that just happened....
. This one is for you. Best luck tonight. You shouldn't need it though as you deserve to win!
Yeah, I have a friend that failed it twice in one day lol. And my parents refuse to give me rides to classes or let me ride a bus
Really tempted to read Bill Clinton's book after his interview with Jon Stewart. He sounds like he has some idea how to get out of the mess
oh that sounds lovely. i may be in synagogue of all places (?) but i think it could work. i haven't been in so long!
Who's out there enjoying this beautiful weather?
give & co. my best regards, as well :) i hope to share out more work soon re: cave research done to prep for a field trip
ok first question who was the first guy too submit vitor belfort by submission?
Brads in Flagstaff... And I miss him more than ever...
yo chick she so thirsty.
We can discuss this topic on any day of the year & you choose Mother's Day. I don't support this discussion today.
that looks amazing!
“: #shoutout Dope Person Go Follow em yall!”and she appreciates tha love thank u
So we hope to see you there TONIGHT for Whiskey's Chicks First F#%$ Valentines Day Party!
And I know there are people in my life who call themselves my friend that wish failure upon me. Keep on wishing. I'm coming out on top
Hope everyone has a Happy Easter, and we look forward to seeing everyone at next Friday's Open House Party!
hey Peru Loves 1D!!!!
Hanging with with the BFFs from ASCEND
If you have kids, you should watch this video clip: www.cdc.gov/CDCTV/MixingTamiflu
the fact that this website isn't letting me buy my VIP tickets for HCR is depressing me, I'm legit about to cry
Essay writing mode!
Even in your darkest moments, if you look up - you will see the LIGHT.
The heart of a Business Plan is to identify challenges and to come up with creative potential solutions. In life it is rarely smooth sailing
If you keep yourself open to the energies swirling around you, you will always be reminded of life's beauty. Be open with ALL that exists.
what if we accompany it with an attempt at a fist bump?
Well never be the same because I broke our promise..
no doubt, but this was also important for the oscars to clean up their image imho
HANNAH'S HOUSE!!<U+2764>
Hey I am a huge fan of u. It would mean the world if you followed me back. :-)
I bought the cutest tank for the beach Sunday ;)
Im probs guna call u at like 1. just in case u were wondering
Smfh at the thunder right now.
Realized today that the "send all calls straight to voicemail" button on my work phone had been pressed. :(
Hate the non prescription glasses look! Never understood it lol
Mrs. Metcalf just plucked me big time
Our 20 month old has decided naps are no longer to his liking. Instead, says "Uh oh" over and over while playing in crib.
To all of those going to the #FancyFoodShow.... What days are you planning on going???
I'm sorry.... I only like the nice dinosaurs... Not the scary ones :/
You'll do great. :)
Wondering how many kids are watching #Glee and wondering what this song is...
. The one I was looking at today said "Serving Middleboro since 1852." Doesn't every state in the union have a Middleboro?
diaper: a euphemism for creativity
Are dogs allowed on the patio?
Just shut up
PK fans cut cake, threw papers on screen, screamed, hooted and whistled in theaters for GS. No one dares stop us.
the second question is the hard one to answer. Assuming it was 95%+ equity, then makes me wonder what FB is really worth...
The Picasso exhibit at the Seattle Art Museum is rad!
IUSUW is planning to volunteer at the Salvation Army's Thanksgiving dinner this Saturday! Stay tuned for details!!
We are okay--I'll let you know if things get worse. (I've decided not to get on the ladder in a hurricane). Thanks for the offer!
Start posting the pics and I will be back later! The one with the most likes wins the SWAG Packet!
I paid to much,You niggas play to much
first SeamlessWeb experience: fairly seamless. hardest part was remembering its brand name means "a way to get food" not "a design blog"
Thanks much for the RT!
hello great work
why so we engage with this clown theron? I just hate people spewing misinformation and racebaiting. How are you today in AA?
We're all about the freshly made dough, for sure. But hey, even if you don't with a pizza we got some pretty sweet promos! :-)
I always want to make the Skyline Chili dip on the back of the box but then soon realize that I'm way too lazy for that.. "MOM!"
I have noting to do! I would love to sleep but I dont want to! Ah!
life would suck wit out music
Useful shortcuts using the Windows key ... - CNET Australia
Sure, come give me a new hot plate at 8 45 AM. I'm ready.
that's how I feel about nincompoop
That sounds awesome, gotta tell my friends to check that out!
that's so many! We are out of control!!
I love getting flashbacks of some of the best moments ever and then wish I could do them all over again.
me too
But we arent talkg about priv. healthcare. the gov currently pays for these pop. - so, how does THIS reform CHANGE anything?
The life of a go getta!!!
I love the pictures. Keep sendin' em! I think we can all use some blue sky and water . . . and beaches!
I'm feeling a little off today. Would you like to turn me on?
THE WAY U ACTIN
Even an xs is too big for me, what the hell.
De-bloating my … thank the maker for the "edit all pages/bookmarks" … makes the task decidedly less tedious.
U kno Craig got fired 2 day rite..?Nigga we got high ....nigga we got fuckeddd up in voice lol
Hope u have fun
saving money for CATurday tomorrow.
more athletic
MT Beautiful Day<<I agree I plan on getting a sunburn!
would've said hi if I saw them. SO SORRY! Hate when that happens, texting is like that to. Don't always get them or see them
is it life imitating art perhaps the conversation labor day is interesting The Alexandra Theater San Francisco District
I guess died.le sigh~
please follow :)
#UnderTheMistletoe haha. is it weird that I sing Christmas songs in the summer?
you don't even know how much poor grammar bothers me!
i think he is a very important component although it may not seem like it.
Ok now that I reached 30 followers I'll reveal my secret I think is really beautiful
Go Lakers! Make me proud!
Cut Asik tonight.
Join us and for #SpeakUpforKids Tweetchat TONIGHT 5/8 at 7PM ET: Parenting in the digital age. Ask q's at
seeing woman naked period!!!
HEY - I just got 3 pairs of pants and a pair of shorts (a day late) and they're all too small! Can I exchange these in NY??
Start trending #BVBForSuperBowl or I will come and kill u! Haha just playing or am I??
"I wish they weren't called the 'bush tax cuts'". -GW Bush. real quote
you are attractive and pretty, and plus everyone is beautiful in there own way
Emergency evacuation! Man, I feel sorry for the guy takin a shit...
happy thanksgiving Julia
Just when you think your kid is all grown up, they get hurt and you realize they will always be your little kid no matter how old.
Stop by for lunch today - RT : Lunch today 11 am - 2 pm. Come by and see us!
I don't even have a penis and that thought hurts.
I'm going to treat her to something nice.
my mom asked me why I don't invite boys over and i had to tell her that it's because I don't know any <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Don`t be confused, I am still the same person, I just change subjects once in a while, wonder what I`ll do next...
Q1 What are affirmations? Explain.
Guys that know FYI grow your hair out!
I think we're going to try to have her own the fast version. Do you want to own the slower version? Like a Side A/Side B thing
whats up in Tanzania?
This ole PROJECT HOE!!!!
hahaha - she does have that 'why is a marching band following me' look on her face :)
": are you ?" Yeah home cooling
Extra innings! Campbell retires three straight batters to keep USA alive in the game. Tied 2-2 at the top of the eighth.
that would probably be a good idea:p I hear they're selling fast :o
I'd travel to Orlando! From Kentucky to Wisconsin is a pretty long drive, too!
If you have questions about our products or would like us to suggest an item, call us NOW > 1.877.737.5578
your lucky!! how is it going to be in BOP magazine?
agreed Vegas never ceases to amaze me which is why I enjoy visiting for unconventional reasons.
Good day at work, now to go home to my awesome family and then play some basketball! :)
Can I Pretty Please Get A Tweet Or Follow? I Love You And It Would Literally Mean The World To Me! (:
#DOGTHEBOUNTYHUNTER can I get an on air shoutout?? #chicago gets down with the Dog!!
Congrats to Always working.
Give this status a LIKE if you're a Milwaukee Brewers fan...cause we have something special coming up if we see some true Brewers love!
Damn when I get a ticket :/ tf
Not shitting you... I own a 35 year old saddle that's been rode hard and it looks better than her.
btw- see you in a few weeks. I got the travel grant for the aamc conference!
#ufinterface bots probably picked up your other hashtag 'cause it started with a well-known abbreviation for funking flying things.
its a great song
Crab Salad= Best Lunch Ever!
I guess im staying home this #halloween =/
Happy Birthday!!!
play offs Saturday
Good morning! I'm excited to meet with a new #amediting client today and getting very close to finishing a year-long project.
Baseball tweet: Can Roenicke please move Rickie to 6 and move Lucroy up to the 2-hole?
Happy to meet new #health and #food #followers Wellness Portal aka
Life is without liberty if only some are free.
Hey let's meet for real at some point today...
Rachel: hopefully everything turns out ok for you and your child. Hope it's not appendicitis. Wishing you all the best.
NPR just referred to the debates around electoral college reform as "nerdy rancor." new. favorite. phrase.
Good News in Downtown Seattle: Residential population is climbing, occupancy rates are up, and number of restaurants and bars has increased.
Our new album #Medusa should get a review by
#celticschat Rondo. Already has 4 assists
My high school sweetheart (whom I coincidentally almost married in 2008) and I talk every single day. If you love someone, keep them around.
we have custom printed tees I talking about hand drawn custom vehicles you want your custom chopper we can do it
thank you for hosting your #languedoc class with us!
who wanted the details on the used GT-541? please direct message me.
"I know him, and he does." "Well, you're my fact-checking otolaryngologist."
Fr. CV: "No academic speaking engagements or academic conference invitations will be accepted after 3/15/2011 & through the end of 2012."
Freddie got a job! :)
You can call me Bob Carter.
Book #VIP sections EARLY to save! Text 414.335.9569. Reserving in advance means we add FREE COVER & LINE SKIP for everyone in your group*!
ohh haha I remember that. Ya she was more clueless than me clearly
My computer is ready to die. This is not helping my stress level.
she is so nice and any news
good night sleep tight don't let the bed bugs bite if they do throw their shoe haha idkk I made the ending up <3
Count down!!! 2 days til HOLIDAY IN MOTION!!! CALL THE STUDIO IF YOU NEED ANY INFO (305)751.2229
Come kiss me then!!!
Thanks to you as well!
We were born in this specific time purposely! We r the chosen people called 2 bring God's LOVE 2 the Hurt, Lost, Dying, Rejected-The WORLD!
That was then, and this is now, not looking back.
THANKS Ande, for the RT and read. You, my dear, are a class act!
Pray for she's depressed
My mom is better than yours
Awesome. Downloading right now for my late May trip!
yes bro thanks gonna make something nasty with em
Going to take a shower. Then maybe get on here. Then play the wii. Hopefully. idk. I'm hungry. D: Brb.
Avery was AMAZING in her play tonight!! Brava, Ave!!
In honor of Veterans Day the featured sites are Vietnam Veterans Memorials in NYC (Lower Man app) and New Haven
Any recommendation for a good documentary? I like
And you didn't take any pictures, because? ;)
wow, mad late on that too.
Or is it just coincidence there are no dogs in Julia's lifeline? RT Thank you, #Julia, for ending all those dogmeat jokes.
whos going to the show tomorrow in scottsdale?
Ryan Hollins on receiving end of another Rondo alley-oop. Rondo has 7 assists with 6:08 to go ... in the second quarter.
It's really about time my iPhone learn the word "BTDubs"
Kids Sleep Tip ~ Try to go to bed the same time every night. Your body gets used to a schedule and will be ready for sleep.
well baron davis career over smh
Susan Cadley, Coach 4ur Soul, we've been out of touch too long. I thought maybe you took a Soul Vacation...deep down there for awhile. :)
anytime bro!! Just been waiting on you!!
yea....I've attempted to check for grey hairs ....ha.
ok all you gotta do is DM it to us and we will take care of the rest:)
dear church of the friendly ghost, thanks for continuing the rad!
We're at the Lucky Lab NW setting up for Reach the Beach Pickup, today 2-4. Swing by for the easiest check in, ask questions, review routes.
How are you today ?? I'm fine <U+2665>
I like it.....RT : Learned a new term to describe the spread of overloaded networks & dropped calls: MOBILE WARMING.
we are all connected and ready to go coming up on ESPN 1500 in about 15-20 minutes we will bring you #UHsb vs.
Why did I put the dishwasher on right before I went to bed?
People can still be bought though, just these days they might be aware of it. Evol.
you guys r just playing right?
i'll coach you through it if you need it nothing worst then messing up fry chicken LOL
LOVE this - thanks! The museum I work at has an exhibit about Astrid Lindgren and her characters (esp. Pippi) right now. :)
Sneezing right after you've put on your mascara. -_- <<<<<
ArrayFire Deploy licenses are much different pricing scheme. Call us to get that: 800-570-1941 x1
Congrats on the move! Sounds like great things are afoot
Forever wishing I was skinny and perf
Excited to teach Community Bodywork and Herbal Stress Relief to fellow volunteers tomorrow.
Hey This new layout is less than stellar and is brutal to navigate.
no i live in a small town joined te mil early have a fam now a cop. theydepend on me so i can leave to pursuey dream
We work for some of your hosts so be sure to blow us up!
or larry bird gets in blazers uniform and comes and shoots for us!! Bet he can out shoot most of these blazers at his age
omg im not crying lmao!!! she was messing with ppl
um me me i do
what a great semester that was...
Black people freaking out behind us in the suspense movie >>>
My time is Now
Hope they loved the cupcakes! Thanks for thinking of us!
Today was eventful! Hitting the studio later for a likely all night session but it's what ya gotta do da be great!!
Pinterest driving sales in the home goods sector (cc: et al)
Thanks for the #FF Happy Friday!
Growing up, I dreamed of becoming a meteorologist. Now, I've got 3 weather apps on my phone. Living the dream, people.
Who are Steelers fans going to blame for losses now that William Gay is a Cardinal?
It is extremely cool, but it's not my thing. I would rather be the voyeur vs. the exhibitionist. Thanks for thinking of me.
Road to Better Health.A basic understanding of Electrolytes and Water(macronutrients Flora)
Wisin y yandel ft jlo follow the leader. I love it.
to hangout since he home AFTER this nigga don sexed up trampy girls lol -__-
please don't blow my high, when I'm smoking that purple rain
Your White and Nerdy.. :*
A county catalog of available open data? One link, or one page? (More later.)
Lobby for faculty so you are viewed as a partner.
Of course I jump in the only cab driven by a sweet old lady. She'll get me to my destination sometime tomorrow.
kind of a ho-hum episode of #MadMen last night, if you ask me.
I'm sick af on my way to work. Ugh!
my room feels like the freaking frozen tundra
Haha Hell yea!! Pussy
What time is the voice on?
On a side not, don't set auto connect and rejoiners on your phone's IRC.
Yeah I'm going to doubt that was meant for me haha.....this is the bored weekend right that you were talking about this week?
Def not a Bieber fan but the song "boyfriend" has a bangin beat! #mentakesomefuckinnotes!
Not sure how to spend your weekend--stop by for #brunch on Saturday or Sunday from 11:00-2:30! Menu is to die for!
Still representing Los Raiders!
Hi kim
JHU Students back on campus from Spring Break. Team Meeting tonight: SPRING KINGS DRAFT. Practice starts Wed am.
I take one day off to spend some time with my son (he discovered MineCraft) and Facebook buys Instagram! WTH?
what kind of hotel are you staying at hahaha
Been awhile, its been really busy for us lately. Writing for the game is almost finished,
I fully Agree. The Party of NO Obstructed EVERYTHING so they could blame the President for failure but WE KNOW it's THEIR fault!!
sounds like you have a tweeting toddler on your hands! as long as he re-tweets - we approve! :)
Looking forward to a visit from sister in law Linda next week!
Yay we just got 3 more phones
As always, thank you to for the RT and friendship! We appreciate you, Scott!
thats got to be cool. next braun and the rest will go 0 fer
on my way to school :3
thanks love you to <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
That was John Lennon. I could be the walrus ;-) RT : "Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans."
Lol but who is : my people chilled with ur people haha RT : It was fun kickin it...
what seat number and row are you
One big room, full of bad bitches.
We are excited to see the new PayPal Here App and features. It's about time!!! Square put some fire under Paypal's ass...
That's weird, but good catch! Thank u for letting us know. We have informed the appropriate team. Enjoy the rest of ur stay! ;)
To Hungry Fa Da Top
How much do I owe this doctor? Actually, no amount of money could ever fully show my appreciation for that recommendation.
it was great to meet you yesterday. I want to see Sister Act and I want you to see Lion King.
Wishing I was at #SMX in #Seattle! Looking forward to all the tweets about it though :)
NTS: Read a tweet before you send it out. Library followers must think you have no grammar skills.
Soo I'm playing bass on Wednesday...this is going to be interesting
to its done homie I Snapped onthat shit doggy doggy!! When you wanna link up so I can show you thy ish before recording??
You coming round my neck of the woods today?
Still in Florida, still gettin hammered. I've always been one for using my time wisely
Actually yes, if all goes as planned I should be in Chicago by June. Moving to reduce my cross country travel.
Watching the playoffs: The #Kings are just dominating the #Coyotes. Aside from one flub by Quick, this game really isn't close.
#NowPlaying Just A Friend -
quality control reasons. But stay tuned. OBP Is going to open a brewery in Orlando soon!
Hail storm in Miami!! Damn what the hell?!
taking my love for granted babe,
Guest what!!!! Wednesday Night at the Q is the new home of comedy, with the best comedians in town! Every Wednesday night from 7-8pm!
don't say that!
couldnt said it better u knw it about to get hot lmao day wnt to show der chest off
Currently watching 's podcast, pretty fucking interesting, good shit.
“Do it big, do it right & do it with style”…But most of all DO IT NOW! *Audition for the 2011 NJ SKY DANCERS!!
This is my head on too little sleep and too much stress.
Got to just love power outages, COME ON NOW! I need to work dammit...
Tebow gets in the Field. Rushes for 12 yards first down at Broncos 43.
That moment when you just want to beat the shit outta somebody, but you notice there are cameras everywhere. Smh
And there's the No-No for Weaver.
Hey thanks for following!
then tell your dad to buy them....secretly (;
in Yuma is out of lettuce. This is one of the largest lettuce exporters in America?!
followed your turn :)
Ugh. It's as if is reveling in high emissions, asking readers to brag about (undoubtedly aviation-powered) journeys
let me know when there is an #nyc46 event..i'll attend :)
I would suggest Beach Cafe or Beachhouse Bar & Grill in Kirkland that's pretty fun.
Uh, did anyone else feel that?
Push on! the light is there - its a little Railroad lantern, but its there! You'll reach it. Great job on synopsis!
his best song. (and underrated)
I spent several hours today trying to digest all that you've written on custom post types. Head spinning - but good stuff man!
I'm about to go HAM. Hats And Mittens, let this weather know who I am!
When my mom walks in on me shitting my pants laughing at Rob Dyrdek's Fantasy Factory >
And people wonder why i have no desire to visit the NE corridor
Jessica Sanchez is killing the show on american idol!
The goal is not to assign blame, but to glean any learning that will help me handle it better next time. Tenzing Norbu
HAPPY FRIDAY I HOPE ALL IS WELL.
Flying to CA to finish the FIRST LZ EP with Mr. Jacques on Wednesday.
Planning on it. After my last appt, gotta get home and throw the kids in the tub and have dinner with the fam. Might be late.
UT's strategy of giving the ags hopes before crushing them is working to perfection. 10-0 atm at the end of the first.
They are still excellent. If that wasn't the best they can be, I am afraid the try the awesomeness of your baked good perfection
thanks & have a super day!
Gamel done. Braun hurt. I hope you guys are positive tomorrow or I may have to start watching soccer.
They say I'm this, and they say I'm that, They won't give me a chance no, but I do what I want, I'ma grown ass man, giving all that I can
Women nictitate (blink) twice as much as men
im ready for shit to go down, going to a big university has trained me well haha. Night puto (bitch in espanol mofo)
Researcher Misinterprets Oracle Advisory, Discloses Unpatched Database Vulnerability
"BERTHA ROCHESTER: I'm going to rip your throat out with my teeth. Let me out of this goddamn attic!"
it sucks when you fell in something for the first time but u just can let it get to you.
Correction: Our bake sale is on March 7th. Sorry for the confusion. Hope y'all can still make it!!
What's ONE thing you did for yourself this weekend?
I'm at Buckeye Beer Engine (15315 Madison Ave., at Arthur Ave., Lakewood) [pic]: buckeye red head!
i just had pizza and now i want more! haha
“: Spring Looks Bright: Pending Home Sales Solidly Higher Than Last Year”
Lol I didn't notice I eat it Cuz I had my finger in my mouth lol
Thank you;)
On the whole, 2011 has not been a good year for the global economy.
#heatfromthestreet is on NOW
I greatly enjoyed it. let me know what you think!
Awesome news! Congrats to your daughter.
Divorce Drama Reveals Phil Ivey made $920,000 a Month from Tiltware!
Tell her I been looking for her in a broad day
shoot first & ask questions last
I'll try!
Oatmeal with dried sour cherries and almond milk. When did I turn vegan?
Inflight SEA to San Diego for #VES12 with the #Social27 team. on the flight as well. Here we come
girls talkin bout???
or u could bring over ur COD and cal it even on the present. Lol I'm already getting the second filled so I got u next week btw
User-generated content is the new frontier. Harness that content!
National Cheez Day! (December 1st) Every 1 has 2 do at least 5 things related to cheese! (punch buggy green! :P) LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love your tumblrr!
Wish I had someone to run with in the mornings. It would make getting outta bed easier!!
who's that?
dope avi baby
nice! I didn't go to neither of those listed though.. lol
Can't wait to hear how you like them! So far, veggie dogs make me sad. Hoping dogs will be yummy as their sausages!
its very small (the kindle version on my phone)...but now I always have a copy of PA with me
better win rookie of the year, cause I just voted a lot and almost froze my phone lol ;p
Just read about #Burgerville in They say they are the best #burgers in America!
Excited to see what Aaron Corp has left for the Bills, not very productive throughout his college career but was hampered with injuries
oh dear lord.
lol! Poor thing fell outta the nest couldnt let him suffer & die
I agree
There sure are a lot of spammer tweets coming in today for some reason????
I gotta pay the MTA to rob me again today, can I come after work?
you're a wiener
These high schoolers are totally immature! Then again, it is after prom for them. Whatever. Learn so manners!
"Tell your Veronica its time to celebrate Hanukkah!" -Adam Sandler "Hanukkah Song"
Deb Fischer backs term limits (won't serve more than 2 terms), wants to repeal No Child Left Behind, and ban lawmakers-turned-lobbyists.
Hey, do you not recognize me, or r we not speaking?
Eating crackers and staring at dinosaur bones. Best reception i have ever been to. Thanks, NEA!
#Karfreitag ... so let's dance. ;)
Filled with nerdy giddiness as I prepare to order a coil-binding machine to bind my own scores. Teehee!
I definitely feel more people love #Olitz even tho he's technically married, lol
Sitting in our newly constructed out door kitchen, taking a break from tile installation and having a micro brew.
yes absolutely!
Listening to the "Someday I Suppose"
Thanks to everyone that made it out to The Austin Bodyworker Clinical Massage Therapy and made it a great evening.
Happy Thursday Everyone!!
Seeking a Licensed Masters Social Worker #LMSW in Austin. Please inquire at
i wanna dance with somebody
": It's a Trap and tonight!"
Go Trio gig @ Deer Head last nite was abso killin' w/Jeanne Brooks.
It's a win for the west in this years East West shrine allstar football game.
smoothie morning then vocal lessons and studio... happy Friday everyone!
- thanks for sharing our blog post, hope you found it insightful!
This past week has been absolutely crazy
u need to take Amie out in NY for craziness
YES! Hmu if anything we can do! Can't wait! Love U miss U
thanks for following!
I know it will be, it's just getting the time. I'm so focused on reading about casinos for my thesis right now lol
everybody please follow my babe she new to this shit
Both the Senate and Assembly versions of the #FamilyCare cap bills are on the proposed Assembly calendar for Tuesday, March 6.
firing up the ol' ice cream maker for a little lemon/mint/berry medley action! will report back with results. -lisa
ahahaha come give me hug lmfao
After a night of fighting, crying, running mascara, and the realization of everything at once I still manage to get up,smile,and act okay
hybrid theory is still one of my favorite albums.
Nor I Dave...
a Matthew PERRY sitcom. MATTHEW PERRY. I weep.
This actress needs a theatrical agent. Referrals? Ideas? Send em my way!
Seattle PD kept the mounted unit partly for riots. The large animals tend to have a calming effect Source pending.
Mt. Hood Meadows was pretty sweet today!! Good snow but crazy cold 18 is cold!!
Working late sux.
I doubt it. Lol
man. really back in the Omnifocus, GTD workflow, and super pumped about my productivity the past few days.
Worst call ever!!!!
Oh noes! Finnish-speaking points out that "Pilkunnussija" just means "nitpicker", not quite "comma fucker".
I wish!!
I have noticed that "probably good enough" is seldom good enough.
I've lived by an ezelles chicken (Oprah's favorite) for 6+ years. Passed it more times than I can count. Yet I've never eaten there.
Stereo Vision&#39;s REZN8 Slam Dunks Fox Sports NBA Deal
Look forward to seeing you there Its going to be a powerful event for #Miami cc.
it's okay
I think I could listen to Ted Olson talk all day.
SHIRT OFF
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
#nowfollowing I have nothing but the utmost respect for you as a player and a man-Good job on ESPN today bro!
They're the owners of #WindowNation - The Magden brothers. RT WindowNationOH Who are the guys in that picture?
Awesome! Didn't know about Animal Collective and Best Coast! Will have to look up the others
The lottery was last week and i still cant believe i didnt win
Newt took debate by storm last night. Romney looking very insipid. Santorum for VP. Paul = insane foreign policy.
Read & RT articles: young white voters were key in Obama '08 win & voters in key OH counties are against a black #POTUS--cont'd..
sure did. It was amaaazinggg! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Yesterday was all cloudy with rain now today is clear skies and a cool breeze! <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Can someone give me an update on what's going on in Belmont *looks over at *
Will be in Scottsdale/Phoenix this weekend. Have to pack a bunch of t-shirts and shorts, looks like!
yes yes yes let me know... I'm there <3
One teacher at #cercll2011 shares her trick for getting English learners to sing: she does it too, "even though I'm a terrible singer!"
Great to catch you guys at the Academy of Music. Even better to hear a Wagner shoutout!
listening on Iheartradio in Cali... Keep bringing it!!!
seems like it, huh!? what's next?
Life is the flower for which love is the honey. - Victor Hugo
Thanks I hit the milestone lmaoo appreciate ya though we gotta do ny after work again soon
What I am looking for is not out there, but in me. -Helen Keller
We kill you ants with a sledgehammer
Do ahead Christmas Party Plan don't fail me now! I have t minus 19 hours until its ON...
The 5-10 yr vision for eLearning hardware is mobile & smartphones. Tablets and other innovative products will be game changers.
“I often wonder whether men and women really suit each other. Perhaps they should live next door and just visit now and then.” Kate Hepburn
This #ShoBox is bizarre. What's up with the ring card girls? Villanueva looked sharp
"I need to write you a receipt that says I owe you dick." #alright #overheard #ohreallynow?
San Antonio reclaimed the top listener spot on Rhythm & Jazz Radio Wednesday but LA, Seattle, Philly, and DC are so close behind!
I support moving the convention. And this isn't a "fuck the south" thing. I'm a southerner myself.
So ive decided to get my sleeves this weekend
It does not matter what others think of you by saying it, tell those around you that you love them every time you part ways.<U+2665>
Most boys think wit their diccs and not there brain!!
I dream big.
$ Cheap Cheap Mitsubishi XD450U projector lamp replacement ...
Check Facebook
Does this mean you're in town? :)
The Wrinklies are on a plane back home. We had a good visit. I must say, watching your parents age (if you're that lucky) is no fun.
Car service: If it ain't broke, we'll break it.
Damn Laker's you got knocked the ???? Out.....
where ya watching tonite?
“Ordinary riches can be stolen, real riches cannot. In your soul are precious things that cannot be taken...” Oscar Wilde
Oz: "Guys take a moment to deal with this: - we survived."
no not this year. Are U?
LUNAR ECLIPSE TONIGHT.THE FIRST IN 500 YEARS.THE MOON IS GOIN TO BE A VIOLENT RED IN COLOR..CHECK IT OUT!
I've also definitely heard the "British" lines from American-trained faculty.
You're not my type, but I kinda like that idea. Because "my type" usually breaks my heart (:
shut up... because mommy said she's trying to
humm.. i think imma message a music producer tht follows me 2 check u out.. can i??
Oh don't worry, I'll probably be begging people to read and watch my stories ;) I'll be in touch!
Hi Ari :) what are you going to do?? :D
Great hearing from yesterday at The Crossing Church on #immigration...definitely worth listening to
I don't know what to do ...?
Woot! brings a live film crew, , to cover #SoMeAwards !!
RT : RT : Ignorance is bliss. Just ask the Tea Party.
tell me about it...took 4.5 hours to get home from work. It's Friday dammit!
You can't hope to be well rounded if you hang around the same types of people. IJS
This is hella true!!!
I base how I tip not just merely on what the total $ was. There are many variables for me. Ya gotta earn it!
plz follow me fellow tweeters lol
You never texted me back.... Haha did you leave yet? Your hair looks nice. :P
Listening to Mohsen Alvi talking about PBL in Math.
We ran for our lives for like 3-4 blocks straight :O
Marching Band
My friends, never go to a book store with and They will pimp out all the books on you.
It's cold and wet out there! Dry off with breakfast at the Bakehouse! You know you deserve it. Hope to see you here.
of course!!
Loved "Big Fish." RT : his best film is always going to be Batman and Batman Returns!
has a new design! Go check it out!
Thanks for a fun read n handy tips tonite- it was awesome meeting you! And no, no need to reply :) Keep kickin **s!
how depressing D:
Don't say you miss me, when it's your fault I'm gone.
Every extra watt costs about $0.25 / month if left on full time in California. One 60W lightbulb = $15 / month.
..no one's listening, or cares..I do, as I'm sure others do..YOUR THOUGHTS, YOU..MATTER, capisci?
You just made me go to the pantry, extract the Nutella, and I'm now licking it off a big silver spoon while writing. Bliss.
God, for some reason, singing that song made 17 y.o. Clint feel so badass!
at least your bullshitting i'm just shittin D=
How did you know EXACTLY what song I was listening to?
lol!! Yeah well everyday is your birthday!! (: becuz you always born to someday! Everyday they found about u! (:
you down? james said he might be able to make it but not sure. either way, im going dolo
Really Red Sox?!?! What are you doing? This is what I call an inning malfunction! Every player sh-- the bed. Every damn one!
Note about the Live Video & Audio for today's game (4 pm): Both feeds must be opened at same time to watch & listen.
in a couple of months. I know, the weather is awesome today!
you bite your tongue chase buddies is illy
like school i want a job and some money
The 14 hour drive begins... see ya in the morning Hilton Head
That sounds like the coolest thing ever. Being an adult is so lame.
Watching the parade while I'm on the treadmill this year.
thanks for retweet. Need to get the word out widely!
She said she only fucked about 4 or 5 niggas so you know you gotta multiply by 3 ..
I had braces too. I didn't like them.
First night out in Florence This still is not real life
I'm giving up on gmail and going back to mail.app. I'm curious if you have tried or have thoughts about sparrow vs mail.app
I'll let you know
So if Davis came in for Johnson. Johnson moves to DH. Johnson can come back to close if we get a lead??
Eahhhh...Sunday morining is a wonderfull time of my life
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain.
a girl after my own heart. Maybe soon to Boston.... www.eggfast.com
Love T&W oyster bar. Off the beaten path
Sitting by the water at night always reminds me that there's so much more out there, and that I want to be a part of it.
No, that was some drunk tweeting.
get me a glass of milk and I'll dive right in.
Gretchen Wagner of : Risks are inherent in any approach to #fairuse. This includes setting up licensing or doing nothing at all
Occupy saved lives-called 911 for seizures, asthma, heart problems, diabetes & other med emergencies. Wouldn't happen if alone in the parks
That awkward moment when your neighbor is mowing his lawn with a motorcycle helmet on… LLN.
No problem; you know we never talk anymore
Yes we recently hit the liquor store...wait for it...wait for it...Schwartzhog!!!!!! Ever tried it? just like jager but not.
Domingo Quinones this Thursday at the Conga Room. Call, email or text to receive $5.00 coupon or use code "LATIN" at www.congaroom.com
I've been browsing different MeetUp groups and have been practicing my networking skills. I've met some people who have been great!
slower than a turtle, wow! :p
happy birthday!
Chele is a genius.
Damn I have a week to learn my verse n three more before Saturdays show!!!!!! Eff it let's make it HAPPENED!!!
#goodday trend continues.
I'm still at work, trying to answer my mail. Twitter doesn t let me answer to jenn unless she follows me. m
weren't Jared Jeffries and Eric Gordon early departures? Have IU fans shunned them?
“: happy birthday :)” hey thanks very much ;)
What's the use of worrying? What's the use of hurrying?
Mean either. ;P
good moves to approach I am not blaming you for the suit or ownership just feel it is should manage brands
Fallin in love is so hard on the knees
that was a "no no no YES" shot by Mike Conley.
no, would have loved to see KC have it's first one-club player. Then again, few ppl know the $ side of the trade...
Come on over for a free afternoon cappuccino!
#GOP says new attack ads about #medicare vote is a new low. GOP throwing granny off a cliff. They have taught us well.
thats what i have it as u dummy
Music is the soul of everything.theres a song for every feeling and a beat for every dance. A hot 16 could change the way u look at things !
@ mascher: Walked away... Just gagged
Need Outfitting for #OKCADDY2012? Decimate the Red Carpet in Terani Couture or Call BodyTrends BoutiQue at 608-4477
Very sad. So sorry.
how do you say that in spanish?
tell me wat u think once u listen to it ..
Obama admin will permit Ariz’s cut to 250,000 poor adults from Medicaid, despite provision in new hc law federal officials said Wednesday.
I know u all are busy but can I please ask you a question.? Please : )
if you are lucky enough to have today off in honor of our presidents, learn a little about the first prez and the jews! from...
my contact is mysteriously missing from my right eye and someone used up my coffee creamer...need to turn this AM around asap!
Hard to say which one of those shots was more surprising: Iggy or Rondo
Stanford has informed me that the Micky's Big Mouth they promised me for updating my LOCKSS daemons is not yet in the mail.
Im sorry white girls cannot twerk....
take care of it. What did you get?
Hurry hurry hurry get your program to the Rapture.Ya can't tell the players without a program. If you hold lucky program #666 you win a pass
#bacon wrapped jalapeno poppers, on the grill! So good :P
Interested in editing, writing, or graphic design for Voices, the academic journal of WGS? Info session on Oct 7 5pm in McGuinn 121!
. 3rd party candidates, right now, are only viable on the local level.
I deserve more than mediocre happiness; its about time i got over this.
YES! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> where do you go?
Hi. I'm good. Love your port! Fantastic work!
good to hear. What's causing your happiness? ;)
religion is, among other things, a political institution.
You'll just be around the corner from me when you get to CLT. You can send me breakfast everyday! Thanks, FA!
no problem
Extending the Digital Leather contest for one more day! Reply with your favorite track off Modern Problems, win a free copy of the LP!
I do not think that the bishop would believe that is on the plus side
I don't even know anymore...
Great article on the scapular stabilizer exercises!
Apparently the asshole sitting next to me knows more than the FAA. #texting aswetakeoff
Reasons I'm Fat Pop Tarts & Super Fries LOL
So glad my phone died. I wont have the urge to talk to dumb asses like
Thanks for donating to such a great cause!
thank you
Read more about Activists take over of an unoccupied building that could serve as shelter and center serves for the homeless.
So great, right? She's amazing!
Why do I always get stuck sitting next to crazy woman on the train demanding a $3 refund from the Metra customer service dept?
Did all the bios not make it in?
#BREAKTIME: I know I am getting better at golf because I am hitting fewer spectators.
A fun weekend reading 's Master of Shadows on Peter Paul Rubens and 17th c diplomacy.
$3 Calls and $1 off all taps should make your evening go by a little quicker, stop in to find out!
NKOTBSB will be on the Today show the day my sister and I are going to see them in DC!
RT": there's a difference between being happy and looking happy"
Positively entertaining
Wanna get out this fucking apartment!!!
should have taken me with you
I might Depending on when I work
ru and other beat writers just mad that he decided not to you guys?
Bills fans, Kiper's right, getting Michael Floyd would be a great use of your 1st round pick. And that's not just my ND grad side speaking.
I need more than 24 hours in my day U_U
Let's go rangers!
please lose the LIVE bug on your taped coverage. Djoker Monaco is over.
Ok I'm done now
Today's a great day to tell your love why you are thankful for them. ~mariageminded~
Getting a haircut.
If happiness was the national currency, what kind of work would make you rich?
Its okay Cam They didnt make it this year but The 49er still got Next Year!! #NeverGiveUp <3 follow? **i.NeEd.YoU</3**
Celtics guard Rajon Rondo scored 13 points, with 17 assists and 12 rebounds for his 8th playoff triple-double.
yeah you do!!
The pandora station is amazing tonight! Been listening for hours,
an overwhelming experience to speak beyond grateful for the honor, and can't wait for the rest.
did she says hi
I do not like this cold weather! I miss it being in the 80s
Hey #bro its contest time. One person who RT's this will win a shirt from W.armenianhipster.com .. W.Facebook.com/armenianhipster
I know it. If I get really pissy I'm no good for 48 hours
my wife has had good success wearing a night guard mouth piece for TMJ
who's gonna win the sausage race on Friday???
I need a good laugh. This packing is making me all depressed
Whatever happens..........don't let go of my hand
oh I will. When and where? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
"Freedom Phone"
Cemetary Cleaning,flowers being put on the Crosses, candle lightn ceremony 2nite on the Rez. E of S.D. 104 degrees now. Hot
That imaginary dude who controls the red lights had it out for me today.
retweeting all of my tweets leggo
Rihanna can get it in the Where Have You Been video
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. Martin Luther King, Jr.
don't be jealous. Share!
“ 2 Chainz is charging 100k for a verse now cause he's G.O.O.D!!!!!!”
Watching "beyond Sherwood forest" on syfy and making fishmas treats....
Team Thomas WANTS YOU!!!!! Not sure how you can help? Don't worry. Call Ms. Mac at 202.636.1180.
Thanks for the mention!
Thanks 4 going on the air with me 2 chat about your new CD & upcoming concert this wkend in Picayune. U da man!
I'm going to have to do my best to help you jog that memory, Paulie.
"swag" doesn't involve being an asshole to girls .
Kim K better win Teen Hottie. If Selena wins, i will loose all faith in the world.
OH YEAH
Harry Thomas Jr. is being re-sworn in as Councilmember for Ward 5
You should slap that on some t-shirts and bring them to
I love the idea. Its becoming a popular sport. Its also great exercise.
Relaxing Sunday evening..
But you love him/her MT This is why I can't have nice things: Spent $20 on flowers and my cat just ate them
Apparently all the creepers came out to play tonight..
As a matter of fact, I just graded Phillip's test :P
They are one hit away from being swept at home by a key divsion rival.
You're awesome Jim. How was Dallas?
I'm tired of the ironic mustache. And Jack White rocks my pants off. I have no pants.
I did however avoid any sort of fast food on the way home. So that's good.
There are a few brave artist out there. Everyone else are sheep.
With a shitty economy, I love how UofL brags about how much money they make at the Yum center, while taxpayers flip the bill.
But maybe has done something to prove it that I haven't seen? Am open to possibility. has
Thx for the follow!
Better yet, call Aspen Garage Door... one of those small local businesses that everyone and their brother recommends.
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Frontera - Mexican (live updates)
wait what? I'm kinda confused...
Yes, very successful. My dad still talks about OBB--most recently when discussing another instigator,
St. Paul: right up there with beets and libertarianism on the list of things I'll never understand
I'm just like, Ladies, I can't have sex with ALL of you. It's unsanitary and not socially acceptable. It's gonna hurt my rep.
Happy Holidays from Sandia Area Federal Credit Union! :)
Intelligent Living Puts the Ease of Controlling Your World at Your Fingertips
“No one has to lie to you to mislead you. That’s the beauty of numbers,” Horvit said.
THIS IS ALL DEAD! I SHOULD BE OUTSIDE:/
sure, they're almost like doctors
Love you too!!!!
Forgot about
Feeling a little sicky today and vitamins aren't working <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
oh okay well either way im not ready
welcome to Seattle Pete. You are a breath of fresh air.....SEAFENCE!!!!
Ayee Yuhh Follow Me An I Will Follow Yuhh
There will always be those few songs that move you every time you hear them #np Belief- Stripped I wish I wrote this!
Sure, researching #archivists role in preservation of mixed media artwork is fascinating. But why can't I do it outside, w wine?
Wow, we're working on some big stuff here! A whole new version of to release with the #ROC print guide. We hope you'll love it!
Microwaved eggs are the bomb.
I wanna bleach my hair today. Let's see if my mother will take me.
how often are YOU eating lunch at your desk? Can't be good... I'm sure there are infographics to support this claim.
And just like that, the calendar says 12/15 & my 3 day work weeks are over. Shock to my system. Monday stress. But ah, the good life! Lucky.
He's lucky that's all that happened. Steve is nice, but he don't take no b.s. from anyone
..my aunt made chocolate covered bacon....whhat?
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless 's ponchos
: Yeah, I'm gonna probably be there I just need to find a ride home :/ is Bryan going?
bet you're not saying that after that 4 hour game huh?
Game time! RT if you are watching the !
Until 1973 the American Psychiatric Association considered homosexuality a psychiatric disorder. Ridiculous.
RT : you guys were awesome!! Love youu
I wonder what it's like to be followed by one of you guys.
Its so nice out n I'm stuck in school
I love da shit outta yo ass #Thirsty for u
OMFG those are all the best, srsly if you sit and listen to hospital/best nights theyre PERFECT
Join me at 10am at #LSCON for Intro to Compressing Video & Audio on the Learning Media Studio - right outside expo area.
so didn't read that as 'promo'. Hope dinner works out...
“: Good morning!”- Mornin Jon!
thanks it was fun!
It's been one heck of a day but it's not over yet!!!
The happiest heart that ever beat, was in some quiet breast. That found the common daylight sweet, and left to heaven the rest. John...
I knew that already!
hush up just watched his video n he freaking fine lol
- Have a lovely weekend, lovely :)
Ready and lovin' it!! In scottsdale right now. Can't wait to see what you guys have to say tmrrw morning
yeah what are you doing
Guys behind us talking about how baseball players are babies and they should suck it up like hockey players.
I luv u cedar point <U+2764>
Oh dear. Allergies make things so hard. Looks like you found something though. Sounds delicious.
Yay thank you! ^^
What time does the avalanche game start.
District 1 is having a Pothole Roundup the week of November 28. Email your D1 pothole repair requests now.
thanks for being a good best friend :)
I would suggest looking into smashwords.com. It's what I used to convert my book into all eformats. Super easy.
hey (: thanks for the follow, btw.
bitchinkitchen How PERFECT! My bff LOVES sweet potatoes and when she drinks, it's bourbon or rum. Thanks, Nads amd BK krewe.
I am live in 5 mins with new info on shots fired near 94 and Mass. Ave in Lemon Grove. No suspects, no one injured as of now.
Randy Shaver is watching a different feed of the ISU game... so I'm hearing his reaction, before seeing the plays.
Definitely on our to-do list. I'm an Android fanboy, so I'm pushing hard for it. Shooting to have that by this summer. - Charlie
He is the truth, is a superhero
Who wants to take shots of hand sanitizer?! Apparently that's the new thing to do lmfao.. Kids are seriously fucking stupid nowadays <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
. I won a free bag from ! Gorgeous stuff-you should check them out.
We love to see people connecting!
Not much ice this year, we will be running in rather than jumping.
OK - back to working on #ZOMM stuff - and YES, it IS Saturday and YES, we ARE working.
Nothing like waking up to people doing construction & painting the apartment.
Theme for marathon: Bell'Italia diff. artists than when we did that theme at G Fest in 2011 Will play Scarlatti Berio, Vivaldi, Paganini
5 30 pm www.syndicateradio.tv click on LIVE BROADCAST !!!see you there
SO EXCITED FOR JANUARY 7TH ...#iphone ...swag.
I will Joan, thanks!
def some Missed and skipped parts but overall good movie.
Wanna Work wit I fucks wit his Movement
Power Bodybuilding week one in the books. | Rocket 99.5
trying not to fall asleep in the cab.
I know, mine too, wer need to play beauty shop lol
following :) follow back??
my work inbox is now down to less than 20 unread emails!!
This rediculious. A grown man and so called former player..have some respect for the game. Maybe thats why your just an announcer?
shhhhhh! that was supposed to be our little secret!
At a break, #Badgers are hanging on to the lead despite a surging #iubb team. UW up 36-31 with 1:09 left in the first
We Bought a Zoo #nw with my 3 favorite little girls. Maybe they can cheer me up<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
The Roxy on Sunset Blvd. 7PM, FRIDAY the 16th. BE THERE! YOU DON'T WANT TO MISS IT! , , &
ill come get u
Follow for political insights. He's a leadership expert and columnist for Success Magazine.
As a pescetarian, skipping turkey at Thanksgiving is easy. What I cannot do, however, is skip corned beef + cabbage on St. Patrick's Day.
Still at the hospital, still making music. Married with kid, soon kids. How about you?
when u ask whats up and they just say "nothin" and then dint ask how you are and the convo goes NOWHERE!!!!!!! >:[
such that my reputation proceeds me and precludes me of such delights
WE NEED TO GET HARRY FIRED JUST AS WE GOT POLOSI FIRED...
Closing Day of #DonQuixote - Gonna miss this amazing community here !!
tis the season for node.js and twitter api
Gotcha! 's looking for someone who's going, to report back for RBMS planning, &c. I may come down, we'll see :-)
Congrats!! And a little jealous!!
Social media, a great way to show the world how stupid you are.
And you didnt like Trina but I'm the fake one for talking to the people I talk to now ?
That awkward moment as a Knicks fan when you are rooting for the Celtics to beat Philadelphia, because you don't want Miami to win.
Awww, one of my supervisors at my internship left me a bag of my favorite candy... Reese's Eggs! I'll miss my CRDL family when I graduate :(
The Spurs held off a frantic final Jazz surge for an 87-81 victory that completed a sweep of the first-round series.
I feel like chilling, spool want my husband and a baby NOW!!!
I really fucking love my iPhone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
it's hard loosing someone u luv,I lost my mom 2 cancer 17 yrs ago & my nana passed away last week,it's hard, pl say a prayer 4 me :(((
If queer musicals are your thing, "Jamie and Jessie are Not Together" plays Sat and Sun in
5000 Flyers For Just $99? Cross Promote Your Artist, Event, or Business with FreeCitiMedia call 404.449.2454 to ask me How!
I texted it to u lol
We off this weekend n we back on next 3 weekends.
What flavor? -MB
Y is it when some ppl have the great 'awakening' of the #truth of our world today - they start using words like 'enlightenment', 'energy'??
Houston Texas Where There Is No Room For The Weak
thanks for the follow. Appreciate it.
hey I just seen Mike DeGarmo on a commercial he's a Racine Firefighter 2. Cool same guy?
Thanks for sharing my book :)
Random - does anyone remember reading the #SweetValleyHigh series? lol. I remember wanting to read ALL of them...
just saw that BlackBerry 10 concept..huhh. looks cool!
We are always looking to help more musicians with FREE SEO and a FREE website. Look what we do for Vernon > www.vernonfischer.com
you don't know me man
Watching Leap Year and the guy on here sounds EXACTLY like doing and impression of
RT Now my name is M.C.A. I've got a license to kill. I think you know what time it is it's time to get ill.
THIS. RT Sterling Cooper Draper Price. Always. RT : Who wins the battle of the 60s shows? Pan Am >>>> Playboy Club
who was our last good #13? #orioles"// Doyle Alexander
I totally believe it, u crazy for this one
gotta thank god for another day man it feels good to wake up and see day light realtalk!
my Rangers came through. I'll watch those highlights tonight
Just got a call back from the metro pcs commercial audition I did two days ago at ft mason ...Im on my way, fingers crossed ;)
i think you have a wonderful voice! :) love ya! :]
I should really get some rest before school tomorrow...oh wait I don't have school!!! hahahaha
i haven't kept up on learning sciences wrt gamification, but i'm still sure context matters. betsy probs knows.
Today is Sunday and Recruiters will review your resume in the AM. Visit www.hrjobboard.com and apply to jobs that will put you back to work.
so disgusted with latest episode. My entire house of multiple roommates. You're terribly mean to your mom. Have compassion
"Please don't go. We'll eat you up. We love you so." RIP Maurice Sendak
we miss you in south Florida
Andy Staples just told us that an autographed Tim Tebow Bible went for over $1,200 in a Florida auction! Holy Smokes!
363M...so if u win ill just take that 10Mil u didn't know about
": LOL @ helicopter" yes like Romy and Michelle High School Reunion lol
wewt! see you there :D
OMG Brooke and Kelsey are famous now. Go get BOP magazine.
President Obama = 1 North Carolina = 0
#IHitMyDougieWhen i see one directions faces.
RT No hysterics, just reason and a desire to be treated equally under the law
Sorry for Cleveland, but we lost our whole franchise. That was a real bummer.
I check it when I make my social media rounds, and I think it's more social platform than a filter toy. It's been on my mind.
Gallery night is on with Matt Pleger and DEAL!
I would pay $50 for
Yous a down ass bitch, and I ain't mad atcha.
I'm still rocking my Robinson #50 but it's starting to wear, I want a Manu jersey
I'm hooked bad on that Gotye song.
aaghh i feel like shitt, ! is anyone else upset they cant go to fashion night out today ?!
i know, i know..we need to talk soon..much to share about various projects i'm working on now..plus, catch up on your news
If an African American business with a quality product can't make it downtown, where is the hope for tomorrow's entrepreneurs?
Hope yall had a Gd Christmas :)
nice burn!
Man knows more than he understands. -Alfred Adler
lol what STATE?! :P
Wow, I didn't know there was an 3.8 earthquake! I didn't feel anything :o
Go back to the part of the conversation where you weren't speaking
I should at least tweet u what I would do to u if we were alone... Dont be afraid to take off the panties >:)
I never need to see the sun again, there enough light in your eyes to light up all the world
eff the dad....it's all about Olivia
Magic Kingdom just opened....where do you head to first?
Getting ready to ask Andy Johnson some tough questions at his LOCI talk. jk, andy!
Oh, time to go over the winning puppies for the puppy poll!
Hey you "Laker" fan. Name a player besides Kobe & World Peace.
very nice lunch with and the crew: &
Being in the elmwood village makes me feel like I'm home, w/ momma :)
haha...quite the line-up. how was haywire?! we've been wanting to see that one
Thanks, Stephanie. I'll keep an eye out for it.
Musical chairs.... Btw I love jimmy Larkin
Hey boo lol
"You Should Sleep Late Man Its Just Much Easier On Your Constitution"
That is adorable! So happy to meet Twitter friends in person.
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime
grand national day- so stoked !!
lol I shoulda figured the first two were #KickAss since its your favorite adjective I will be sure to use #KAT going forward :)
#iGetRealMadWhen stupid weed laws are made jus make it legal
THE RIGHT STUFF! I love my
im carmela nice to meet u :)))))
2 things. 1) I thought Alaska was a state. 2) Does anyone watch that show non-ironically?
Vanessa Williams is 1 of the 1 in 4 women who are child sexual abuse victims. Tyler Perry is one of the 1 in 6 men. Let's get serious folks.
313 of them are dummy acounts... i'm your only real fan...
You know..... He "won" big because he behaved, lol. :-)
Im Doing Great that Awesomeness!!!!! :)
Ehh, text me (:
": #Sagittarius will be whatever, whoever you want them to be, to make you happy" I love you my TriggaBooBear <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
mine always sits there for two days on the coffee table whilst I dream of someone noticing and spiriting it away. Then I do.
4th quarter last quarter. Will it go to OT? Or will LAL handle their business to take a commanding 3-1 series lead.
this twitter shit is no bueno when in drunk. Prolly goin up here around 6.
So delicious that cranking out final papers is no problem! RT : Enjoy!
bhahahaaha I know! Haha I text just like I drive and park bad as fuck
just looked at the blog. Good work!
The Walking Dead is...delicious. Try American Horror Story, too.
Wow. Manning Marable a Pulitzer for 'Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention'. Just got around to reading it a few weeks ago. cc
it was a pleasure speaking with you today
An old Soundgarden song from 1988 gets hatemail on #kexp? Oh you silly Seattle hipsters!
Very busy day at KG today! love love love it!
Hi can I meet ya!
Hm...looks like a username squatter. Could go or ??? BTW, your new GM is posting this hour
Can't believe so many people are ragging on Ball for staying in college. Hope he has another great year and proves everyone wrong
In Memory of R.E.M., "I am. I am. I am Superman and I can do anything!" Thank You for being a great inspiration to Me to Play Music!
You've rooted for easy teams of women. We all have.
AP source: Stanford AD Bowlsby accepts Big 12 job
Opening the #script again this week. It's a work in progress, one that I'm really #proud of. Writer's block is over!
shhh… that’s the sound of nobody caring what you think.
Great news: RT Excited to be mentoring #MassChallenge finalists and
not stalking lol just reading tweets that show up in my timeline.
A x M = P Ability times motivation= performance. Crucial #change agent is to multiply motivation for better future. Larry Johnston
A ten second match? Really?
The lady at the 99 cent store just said she wan sucky sucky from Lucky Fucky. Lucky Fucky is my Las Vegas name for these bitches
Yup. RT : Let Ozzie Guillen love Fidel Castro. We let our Presidential candidates hate gay people.
were we goin ?
Wow! I can't believe tonight is my last performance as super woman! 8 weeks sure does go by fast! I'm sure going to miss my cast! XoXoXo
Always a bad sign when you're panting like a pre-orgasmic Ron Jeremy BEFORE the hill climb...
you don't think Tressel coaches well? Won't be able to pull any scams in NFL. Players won't respect? Coaching won't translate?
Thats a shame! I wish I could be there. At least I (we) can hear from her everyday on twitter.
Watch it... I'll drop the gloves with you next time!! #C-A-P-S!!
"Friends don't let friends use Internet Explorer 6"
starting to work on booking a few Pacific NW shows for The Family Curse in August.
Bring the troops home. Quit killing people that have been tortured by protecting their homeland. Triple victims.
t wasnt about me was it?
join the club
West side story...
You can't say Bubbles Angry!
Submissions are no longer being accepted for the Artist Mentor Program. Thank you to everyone who applied! Good luck to you all!
#StrangeClouds is so FUCKING amazing! everyone go get it, or download it! #TeamBoB <3
The original and first!!
Kids' shows get weirder and weirder, I swear.
Thanks for the follow!
thank you for follow Mrs. NYC
#WestoftheFest if you’re partying with us today at Key Bar!
:/ im sorry
oh? I didn't know mate. relax, simple mistake
did you get my e-mail?
#badgers fans can say what they want, but wisconsin cannot win outside of madison.
I picked up the first issue but haven't read it yet...really looking forward to it though.
Awesome books for the little ones. I highly recommend you take a look at this review if you have any little ones that are 3yrs and under!...
SWEET GEORGIA BROWN. (A very different thing than when we say "sweet Oregon green.")
Going to in less than 90 minutes!!! will dominate !!
Can't wait to see them! RT ' Dave Summers got some great shots out at Demand Energy Networks, Inc.
NO Donnie you won't. Please I told you for me don't.
mad annoying I can't wait till summer nothin to worry about
Im very early for my gig tonight...veggin in my suit, learning lyrics for tomorrows gig.
Lacking knowledge or awareness in general
On my way to for a workshop!
watching for updates from halfway around the world. good luck! you guys will do great!
Aww I just missed ya! All good chat soon! Equator Line!!!!
GREAT JAZZ at the PHillips Collection last night - original pieces composed recreating the art sonically - don't miss SCULPTURE GARDEN TODAY
Thanks for following!
well said! RT : Oh, you'd like to invest in Facebook? I see you already invest about 5 hours a day, wonderful.
Home. Should probably stop drinking tequila.
Follow my tweets,Is Awsome related to Watch One Tree Hill
I'm so baked
Headed to Myers Park for Fox News Rising in support of Keep Meck Beautiful and KAB!
there is no explanation to happiness, it is determined from the person who receives it. Like an opinion.
no comment. Well, actually, I DO have a comment, but not here.
excited for the conversation!
Happy Holidays! I heard you have a fantastic fitness classes in the Madison area!
Seriously upset with this damn weather! It better be nice out opening day !
I can see the light at the end of the #MBA tunnel. However, it is quickly blacked out by the prospect of #job hunting ;)
“: the song thats on my radio right now puts me in the best mood <U+E105><U+E056>” chill!!
RIP whitney prayers r with her daughter :( and her familiy
RT : Hanging tough in the Venetian DS. On dinner break will go back to 42 BB. Nice to meet here. GOOD LUCK, DONNA!
idk I feel dumb
I cant wait til I get married. Its gonna be super untraditional but awesome!
RUSH rules!
Ahem... RT : “: walking with your friend & randomly pushing them into someone/something .” onto grates in the sidewalk <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I don't know about you guys but I love that Biden. Why don't they put him on every Sunday?
Face rubbing! Face rubbing!
Join #AMA webinar 5/16 at 1PM EST as iP's own talks about an integrated digital efforts in the travel industry
the video was fab:) Im going to multiple warped dates for you guys just so u know
Fuck bitches get money
appreciate the shoutout dan!
oh now she like me, oh oh oh now they like me
What is that smell #valencia #stevensonranch?
Christ is either Lord of all, or He is not Lord at all. -Hudson Taylor
Mary, Mary, Quite Contrary.....How does your garden grow?
We are looking to hire a couple of web developers in Santa Monica. Python/Django enviro. New stuff! Ping me if you're interested!
Twitter I don't know what to say but I am happy to see some old UMASS folks join the convo & what took so long?
Glad someone does! :-)
out of control!!!
It's about that time....
That's why I follow you but unfollow them.
My son is going to an event called "Running of the Santas" in Philly. What a stupid idea! Everyone knows Santas are more effective passers.
he's a rapist, a predator, and a horrible teammate and human being.
Thanks much. I hope I enjoy them as much as #1Q84. RT : Murakami books: Norwegian Wood and Kafka on the Shore.
when-o oh when-o is Jackie and crew coming to San Deig-o?
Cold War Kids.. ": Hang me up to dry"
haha looks like James has the moves tho homie.
At the Transparency panel at #mcn2011. I have a feeling that we won't be lacking for tweets at this one.
Napping, and more homework!!!! I need to be in florida already
What's your first postpartum beer of choice? : Got questions? Ask anything! #aska9monthspregnantviolinist"
haha well I'm sorry you have to contain yourself, I wouldn't be able to haha
I hope follow me one day
we live like a house away from eachother -_- lol
Happy Hour til 7pm! Come on in for $3 drinks!
Be careful what you think, because your thoughts run your life. Proverbs 4:23
Nice! Thanks for visiting!
Y'all goin to the paywall?
RT If u don't eat enough protein at every meal ur brain can’t work. You'll be sluggish, anxious, unfocused, tired & depressed
You know how you control the guy in temple run? Well, I bought the black guy in temple run. & named him Tannell. Tannell's my new bitch.
Hey hey eating mocha coffee ice cream and watching Shake it up wbu!?((:
Don't know yet - still developing - is working this story today for
finally got a twitter?! So much better than Facebook.
Very excited to learn that an instructor from my Army Officer Basic Course will be at the show tonight. What a small world it really is.
watching the Nice Guys video & laughing every time at Zach's cow impression HAHA:)
Bike ride time :-)
" Fill My Life With Happiness "
let's all go!
Give a lil snippet of what he said ... pls. I stopped watching him awhile ago.
Awful call on Osi
I know I still can't believe I met him and he called me on my cell cause I gave him my number and I started crying
Happy Poem in Your Pocket Day! Better than loose change...e.e. cummings
Just had a teacher ask me if I've read Shifting the Monkey. She just did this week. She's now my favorite. ;)
Just saw: USC crushed, Georgia squeaked, Oregon (my Ducks!) won. Seems strange to think things exist outside my storm-chaser cocoon.
Love how the same people who brought us + embrace "death tax" and "death panels" are outraged at #Obama manipulation of word "evolve"
What's the best tool/app for annotating an analog book?
you're a whore.
aww sorry im super busy right now maybe another time! =)
#cssoff is it better to adapt CSS3 media queries to scale nicely in the browser, or actually look good when viewed on the device?
I really just want to make some cookies
Dehydrated maybe?
love indie horror and just horror in general
I don't read instructions, I push on pull doors, I trip up the stairs, I think dirty, and I'm not beautiful. I hope you can deal with that.
follow back?(:
I appreciate how you raised me, and all the extra love that you gave me
Thanks for the follow! Hope you dig you some Secret Skwirl! Best and success!
It's time for ice cream and #MDLNY finale!!!
I took my cardigan off while driving and feared a "Planes, Trains and Automobiles" John Candy faux pas. All is okay.
Yay! Happy to hear the instructions were helpful.
#ImMadBecause BOYLE IS HURT! & NEIL ISNT SUSPENDED FOR IT!
Eh, I've tried that with women. It doesn't work.
You should REALLY put a comma between 'eat' and 'shit.' RT : All I wanna do is eat shit and sleep
RT This vocal exercise usually conquered Meg, but John sat as unmoved as the post which is popularly believed to be deaf
I'm not much for bragging, but just this once- buying a place near the #lightrail was genius.
this didnt just happen...
Word on the street: An $18.6 Million Lotto Ticket was sold in Westwood last night. SO CLOSE, YET SO FAR.
I'm a big fan i always support till the very end please please please follow me pleasee #1 supporter
Universe of Intelligently Networked Communities to achieve goals through shared experience collective intelligence and social accountability
Would you consider Adobe Data Services an ESB?
. B/c they think men like it. The better question is "Why are we watching a 60 Minutes piece on truffles?" :o)
thank you so much! :)
RT : you're an interesting female.
Congrats! Thanks for the tip.
On my twitter eatin breakfast, at the same damn time
Awww. Thanks! But you know what i mean, right? If it's not one thing, it's another....blah blah blah.
What part isn't working exactly? You can't connect or just certain parts of it?
Former JET program teachers looking for #Fukushima community orgs or fire depts to stream donations. Ideas pls. #quake #japan pls retweet
these cats making noise an (producer). They WANTED in LA, ATL an NYC. Ask A&R Leon
#nowwatching American dad
Wow..Dick Clark Died..RIP...
dude I'm so sorry about your friend passing away...
<U+2730> Fact of the Day: Many high school cafeterias in Europe serve alcohol to their students who choose to drink.
I like what I see #Kentucky!! Keep it up!
Interesting! A lot of stuff we were starting, glad to see it getting traction. Love that design, too. Wishing for the best.
I hadn't heard about this event. Thanks for drawing my attention to it. D. who invented memes, should know better
Whats your opinion?
about a boy {day 268} - In Jennie&#39;s Kitchen
You aren't here in DC for the GSM workshop, are you?
We have to pay to part of society!
Nonsuch--XTC's most underrated album. Perfect spring morning music.
Would love to hear...what is the best auction item you've seen at charity event?
Oh definitely.
It strikes me as funny that I long to be a book snob and read book club reads but I need my book club to force me to read them.
so true so true
Nah. He was probably watching tentacle porn.
No, they're all FG kickers now RT employees must now run a 4.4 40 MT Meeting in the Oakland Raiders draft room..
Not so excited about Mother's Day
enjoyed glow-in-the-dark ultimate frisbee last night! Got errands to run today, then got work lata! Busy day! Better get started huh?! lol
#DidYouKnow that 79% of Americans would rather you make a charitable donation in their honor rather than buying a bad gift?...
I'm kinda hungry but I'm really #horny and #sleepy lol
Bitch you can't stop me from being me <3
Happy Hour. Right now. 4-8pm. Do it.
Oops! Found my lost button in the dryer but missed the bus...J4 here I come!
#YouWereCuteUntil I Found Out You Hit Females...
Our vacation host says, "The birds are tweeting." Took me a second to remember that birds can do that.
:D It hit me while talking to one of my friends about something they were dealing with and I had to share it.
Morissey you old fart, I still love you!
I hate to admit this, but I haven't physically been in a library - other than to check out the rare book or interlibrary loan - for years.
LMAO sorry i dont want to sing >:)
met with the All Saints block club last night...there are dozens of block clubs forming! The Ward Council is starting to take shape.
i made a track to yalls definition beat, im actually interested in buying exclusive rights for it hope u enjoy it
Look, Steelers, I really don't like you. But c'mon, you're losing to Tebow?? WTF? Get in the game.
Sounds like a lot! Considering that's not the only free filtering/photo sharing app out there. Pays off to be #Zuckerberg friend!
Be yourself. Who else is better qualified?
we was cracking up in the movies
please hire frontier next time...
Im in such a technology loop that I almost checked google+.
Whoops! You were so close! The correct answer is The Backstreet Boys!
;; They're ruhtarded
Americans will consume 112.5 million gallons of beer tomorrow, according to estimates.
Thanks for the mention!
Finally got up in tha studio last night. Killed some traks as you already know. RT if you doin yo thang
hello G&T. you are extra delicious with this juicy lime.
thank you :)
I'm not paranoid! Which of my enemies told you this?'
I wish would come to Nola for a guest spot. I need ink :(
omw to go see my brother :D
lol , very simple nothing to lose MVP done !!! Let's go Bulls!!!
I think you're working too hard!
walking from the Santa Monica Boardwalk to Venice Beach. This is a workout! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Ditto! RT ": I actually like this battle round. #TheVoice"
7 straight games the #cards have held teams to below 25% 3 point shooting.
Relax; I know what I'm doing. I just haven't done it before.
Good luck!
Other side of the sign: M-I-I-I-STER PRESIDENT. I like the sound of that.
Elites purchase excellent schooling, middle class fight to game the system, working class & poor are shut out.
Destiny is not a matter of change, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved
just read it....lololololol
Come on in and try one of our kids cooking classes!
Dealing with a #CaseOfTheMondays... Gonna fight it off at 's lunch buffet. #yum!
Next week I will be talkin #socialmedia in front of a group of 200 people! Any tips on how to shake these nerves & give a rockin speech? :)
Just got home.... whew...I went on after the awards and they went on and on and on......
RT:The moment when you realize that studying your family would be the best way to pass your psych nursing final...
i record at home but man I dnt kno how to mix and master that shit good
My First Stethoscope
Rachel Winship has stepped down as Partner to spend more time with her little boys, but is still available through the firm for Family law
I am so floating. GBR
it's all good. I'll get it from someone else tonight. I like you though you respect the humor!
Just got done with NFTC.. And I killed! Im proud of my self! S/O to everybody that wished me luck!! All the motivation helped me!
Just tried the new 8 Layer Dip... heaven
At Community Schools National Forum today. #ccsforum2012 Our E.D. LaShawn Route Chatmon will speak on the lunch plenary panel.
When people complain about how Twitter isn't a diary...actually, it is. You just choose to read it.
oh... Well, you did a good job anyway:)
I kinda wanna take a nap
God, we were all dearly concerned for you!
Finna kick it wit my cousins tonight.
Logistics problem of the night 6 bottles of wine and a big screen tv all traveling to 19th st..TV left behind don't steal it!
An awesome weekend is almost here.
I think my account has been hacked
That's sick!! Can you make the n lower case, space out the first line from the second, and make it all white?
damn I'm sexy and I know it
I hate packing with such a vengeance, it's not normal.
That makes so much more sense in context.
You & the boys will be one hour away from me next week & I don't have tickets to the show wa how awful! )': x
happy holidays to you as well!
on second thoughts.
pop up weak grounder foul out strikeout thrown out at first on dropped ball
#prayers for my boyfriend's best friend would be appreciated. he got thrown off his bike and hit head in with a jeep.
Really would love to see a Twitter stream filled with live tweets from faculty meetings. What a rich data source that would be!
Casino War? Really? I hope you're at least watching drunk.
We too often love things and use people, when we should be using things and loving people.
New wardrobe! Seems like a good year to invest in new signature pieces. Next month I'm filling my wardrobe with COLOR!
Whoever is happy will make others happy too. He who has courage and faith will never perish in misery. --Anne Frank
whoever produced that car commercial featuring #spandauballet is in trouble. that darn song is #stuckinmyhead this is the sound of my soul
Done done done done done done. I'm a senior?
RT : "Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success." - Henry Ford
naw see u got it twisted. Cuss las time I checked YOU was the hoe. Y u tryna front n sht
You think passing a test means anything more than you are good at passing tests? Test are over rated.
Shorter men live longer than taller men?
Dear GOD, Mary-Kate, Christina Ricci, and ScarJo are OWNING their looks!
#SpiceChat I think
I wish for wealth not fame. Haha! (ok both) I play a part of a mom with an autistic child. It was fun.
ah, man, can't. Car getting ready/fixed for cross country trip! Thanks for invite--next time!
You're beating me on #wwf cus one of us is using their knowledge and one of us is using the net to find words missy
I sold my "67 Shelby". #Doh!
Watching #Supernatural. "What is a #Kardashian?" A bloodsucker...
If I can't pronounce it, I don't want to eat it.
Two cool new things in #kforce #milw this week. Congrats to Danielle L on two yrs w/ us and a big welcome back to Jessica F!
I couldn't believe Cardinals actually won. They were great. San Diego won, too. Great games.
When girls wear heels and they are already as tall as a giant.
Poised Creation has enjoyed its research into the entertainment industry!
Vernon Did !
R.I.P. Jimbo King. Thanks for all you taught me about life, not just football.
RT : Too many sports happening right now
Go USA! Let's beat England like they (BP) stole something. Don't Tread On Me!
(cont) Didn't take long for that to change w report today that 50% of people now have smartphones. Time to focus on them yet?
blew us away last year when she was on the cast of our show "twenty-four" at #FF both!
I was just gonna say that D;
running errands today Steven, I'll pass anything I like down the road :)
well. okay. back to fan girling over 5 homosexuals. c:
Retweeted that even with my annoyance. Naturally City scores 5 seconds after i put that game on.
AS of 6:26 pm, ground is steady, sky is quiet. No blood running down the walls, no zombies. As a SFX project, this #rapture is lacking.
I'm not exactly sure why all these rumors are popping up, but hell keep showing the word how much of a liar you are(; Making me look good(;
My hopes of having an evening out that does not involve Flanny's has been dashed. Fuck it. There is the mystery of comic girls of the Inner.
Olivia calls her favorite barista "CoCo" hahaha! Maybe she should change her name tag!
Follow-up ... how well do you know your numbers against pitchers? look that up before each series, or just know in your head?
Couldn't keep up with the Cupid Shuffle tonight.
RT : I'll have a booth with killer merch at Coventry Street Fair this coming Sunday June 24 from 12-6 thanks
Leptirica (The She-Butterfly) [Yugoslavia Vampire-Horror Film English Subs 1973] P5
Listening to the latest rough mixes and feeling very pleased. (Special thanks to !)
In Wisconsin... So close yet so far away...
It's twelve noon ain't no harm in self inducing a snooze...
how is your shoulder feeling today?
Hahahaha, no, I'm usually passing on things about the power of social media. I'll make sure to add that in there though ;)
NOPE denim niggas try to wear it ALL like denim #thisainthat RT : Seersucker suit four days in a row. Entire month?
wat happen 2 stlye? why so many copy cats?
Shook need to hurry up and end
Happy birthday S/O to my stepson T-Money!! He turns 10 today!!
Went to Rivers Casino tonight & loved it.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
The Best New Gear for Home Improvements - MarketWatch (press release)
The new Rise Against album is amazing!
thanks for coming by yesterday... Come check out classes soon...
i dont know what to get her do you have any ideas
I'm beyond excited for my trip back home to Africa..
Make a 100 on this test and I have a 951 average..#boom!
that's where I will be is with and and
I'm not. I don't sign bands. Just put out music by them. Funds are for me, tho, for the next half year as I'm moving to MA soon!
just cut there was no point in staying in school smfh
I will watch it!!, this is late?? lol
I need to print out my sat n act admission tickets
Makes me weak when I think about u
LOVE YOU TOO and can't wait for #believe !!!!:D
I'm needing tickets to the DCI World Class Finals Saturday night at Lucas Oil. The higher up the better.
I believe you will have to follow me in order for me to DM you.
Oh can't wait to have another meatball night on saturday!! :) hehe
I hope ot happens for you two :)
Your thoughts are poetry,your actions are revolutionary,and your presence fills me with awe. You are perfect!
At the plenary session of the Forging a Sustainable Future @ San Diego State, put on by UnitedGREEN. Wide-ranging, fascinating & scary.
Happy 50th birthday, Target! Thanks for the cheese, ham and crackers! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I don't think the majority of people understand Twitter yet, hence they treat it like FB. (Me too sometimes)
... thatz whatz up ..always a good thinG 2 do. <U+2665>
Swag - Saved With Amazing Grace <3
:D oh. What does Liz Gilles call her fans?
How nice of you to celebrate! Be sure to thank her for all she does each day to advance
How does one become a LEADER? by "Pursuing the path of self-mastery & continuous learning" - inspired by "The Slight Edge".
Free 1day session
Where are you working out?
That was like 2007. I remember I ordered the Giant Series DVD because you told me about that match and then we found out there..
your welcome(:
People who drive like assholes on agor while I'm trying to sleep <<<<<<
For you, I would make an exception.
Finding New Friends Online!
The Sheraton Wedding will be a vibrant atmosphere after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Heading back to Boston for Act I run thru of
they come up a lot so if I get a bead on a modular one I'll let you know!
I'm not sure I'm actually catching the drift of this #marchmadness trend.
thank u !!
Two arrested this morn ... RT : #Tulsa police chief on shootings: "It sickens me, it angers me."
Bye bye blackberry hello android
More than naughty, that's posivitively criminal. All fixed, and we've sacked our special advisor.
Cincinnati is without doubt good with this!
I was screaming when i saw in the tv on kca n my dad was like wtf chilax
Prepping for demo day. This will be something that SQ has never seen.
Really interesting developments “: Attending "Library's Swiss Army Knife: Using smart phones for info discovery..." #acrl2011”
I am thinking positive heading into the late game tomorrow. 8 PM MST start.
Hate when ppl doubt my work, I feel discredited. But theyll c the outcome sooner or lata & will regret not takin the chance on me
No, no Derby for me. Someday, someday. Will you be working it?
PLEASE POST IT!!
same to you, my friend. I know you're watching the playoffs this weekend. Word. lol
I love Chicago.
yeah that would be a deal if I could stay there for winter and leave before the 100-degree summer chains me to air conditioners :)
bar at Roaring Fork? /cc
If you think that pbl is just for your most advanced.... Think again.... #COSN2012 #edtech Irving MSD
#ThatEx you can make em cheat on his new b.tch
yeah, and usually not a huge price diff btwn stations anyway. Awesome mpg on the neon! I get around 25 on my crv...
Auction time for at ! Very exciting...
Don't care for her style of singing. Too much Whitney Houston for me.
i do lol but yeah i was just thinking about that today for some reason idek lol
If u write in the moon light, the muse will come...
That a good idea...
Funny that the first laugh today was brought by
Happy Mothers Day. Enjoy your day if you are a Mom or if you love a child. Moms come in all sorts of packages. It all makes a difference!
Electricity went out at my house! Ugh!
If anyone saw our text message conversations, we'd be admitted to a psych ward! is still the best ever! :)
Chief Innovation Officer of the State of Maryland, () responding to other panelists.
thanks for the follow!
I'm wearing red skinny jeans. I'm feeling pretty good about it.
: don't get me started...
Did you know the wedding cakes were originally broken over the brides head? Ouch!
“If you don’t think you’re a winner, you don’t belong here.” ~Vince Lombardi
RT just won one of Outstanding Marketing Week and Outstanding Chapter Planning!
By election day Arianna will be a conservative again.
It happened. :-D
Happy Mothers Day! Be sure to do something special for ur moms :-)
Why don't everyone worry about people hungy, out of work, economy sucking dick, lousy shit politicians, and the safety of our children!
...trying to write a story/review on your line and can't seem to locate your PR company (meaningful beauty didn't have info)
"There's not too many success stories where I come from." --Lebron James, calling his MVP award "overwhelming".
Losing my mind at this moment.
good!!! Glad to know people still love him <3
OH NO! Are you okay?
Come watch some #OpeningDay2012 action at the Grill tonight. Great HH specials til 7 too!
For nxt 24 hours, ConAgra Foods will donate 1 meal to FeedingAmerica for every tweet containing "#childhunger"
Either you run the day or the day runs you. Jim Rohn
I have a headache., ugh. Time fer bed.
its actually a nice day to skate,go to the pulga and have some more tacos and horchata!
You might try Katy Sai
RT : Dont let the enemy stop you from using your gift!!
I wonder if Karma Loop's t-shirts cut small
": The B R A I N <U+2192> Forgets what I want to remember, Remembers what I want to forget."
nice! I should take mapbox for a spin
All shit walk around the club fuck everybody
When anyone refuses to be competitive, petty, self-serving, self-indulgent, narcissistic, or hierarchical, it shakes up the world."
W/ all the weight folks lose on #DWTS, you should open a dance studio! Los Feliz biz idea; come in zaftig, leave svelte!
U shouldn't judge ppl
I love justice so much more cause hes obviously ignoring you. Get out of the scene!
#LTBroadcasts "It looks as though the government in Washington might give the foreign diplomats a bit of police protection" (5/14/31)
Spring is here and Creative Playthings introduces two new play sets: the Manchester and the Ridgefield Play has a basic role in the child
more important than bars staying open later there should be more access to public transportation to keep the roads safe
Today's BTU inspiration: "Look at life through the windshield, not the rear-view mirror." ~Byrd Baggett
take the grey one as it's the #crazymadwild choice.
RT : Thanks for RT. Please consider following us.
I stay burnt out like a bad transmission
I wanna okay tackle football ! Maybe I can take out some of my stress....
That's not a file. What file is it complaining about?
even if me and justin don't get married and make babies i will find a way to get his sperm ok
"Told ya so! Told ya so!"--Afghanistan
she doesn't even go here! Idk how that's relevant but its the first thing I though of..
Im the first to point out when a girl is pretty . . Girls that do nothing but insult other females are self-concious and pathetic.
Goodmorning!!!!!!!! What have u been doin?
is experimenting...cardamom infused buttercream...beautiful....
best thing I've read in a while! Thanks for trying to find a middle ground among all the food-extremism!
tell your bosses thank u for ruining what could of been the biggest movie ever. Their greed cost the #HALOMOVIE to be canned
This Girl Always Hungry ,.! Im Startin' To Think Niggas Dont Feed Her .
Loving the #spoonman performance @ the soirée. The bubbles, pretzels & company are stellar.
Hating everytime you go 2 see someone unplanned their not there grrr >.<
i feel so lazy...
I LOVE YOU TOO! <3 you make our day better too, remember that. (:
Hey Molly, Do you want Volunteer again on Friday?????
Thank you! Happy Holidays to you too :)
what mediums do you guys want us to focus on?
I've heard peanut butter works well.
Use your United Way Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at APS Communications! All Caring Club members receive...
I lovee alexis soo much!! She's my bestieeee for life:*
Do you really think they would want me? Why do you think I should apply?
yes. Everything is right in the world. Now if only the tarheels can win it would be spectacular.
I member last year in Geometry, I would always sleep in that class & still A's everything
At #SDLFF, Os Normais 2 was silly but I laughed my a** off. The Station of the Forgotten and El Baile de la Victoria were good dramas.
thought of the day part 3: to make money digitally journos must find small paying audiences or enormous free audiences.
Thanks for the foodt.. I starve.
When wishing people tidings of comfort and joy, comfort and joy, I speak in my Randy "Macho Man" Savage voice.
817 followers and counting. Follow us and we will follow back.
What if instead of measuring GDP we embraced the Indigenous concept of "buen vivir" - happiness, health and harmony?
Can't wait for you visit the islands! RT : A2) This is sad but Hawaii...FINALLY. Exploring Maui and Kauii in April
to many good rappers working on crap beats cuz they get the shit free! treat yourself with more value and cop better beats!
Basketball this early>> :)
HA! That made my day. Nice to meet you!
This new Brandy today though.... HYES!
I'd stay in the Renaissance b/c I like swanky - but I'll be too poor and likely underemployed to stay in a hotel
So fuckin hungry
hey u. you're in MIA now? can you help me convince adrienne to get on here?
Tumblr aggregates all kinds of social media. QR codes bring people to the Tumblr page. This brings content to target audiences.
Looking forward to the MKTG planning meeting tn for International Partners in Mission's Namaste Event!!! Gonna be great!
Mcdonald's lays potato fries
good luck guys!
People in CA MOSTLY get it on the Fwy. But they are so unused to walking, they fail at using the sidewalk/elevators.
Get to drive my nana places since she cant drive:)
My favorite part is right after he asks "do you care" Lahey goes again "Go ahead ask me" haha "I'm mowin the air Ran"
I offer free Google Places setup with any new social media contract. This is great info!
you should follow , a UVA PhD in music and now a post-doc at Occidental. She is also in a great band called
I just got a call that I won a chance to meet from you, is that real?!
People who follow me on here please follow my other account im going to delete this accout very soon! Thanks :) xx
and I would be okay with Courtney!
Aloha from Bangkok :)
Killed my high,, brought bakk down,, not feelin like communicating too much
haven't yet -- just found out today we probably can get some space; waiting to hear if there's any potential funding/sponsors
Are taking your special someone out for fun this weekend? Healthy couples have fun together!
is my absolute favorite athlete, person, and friend in the world.
i love it! and the mission is fantastic! well done!
RT if you read this
Evening pull + visit with !
he did such a good job today--met lots of new people and has been thoroughly cuddled!
It was ok. We went to the SIL's house and had a nice dinner. Maria liked her gift, so it was good.
Thank You.Her blog is therapy for her. I have been out of touch because life just kinda took over, but I will be in touch with you.
it's so good!
Fantasy Baseball Update: Five Over-Achievers from Week 1
I screwed up
Matt "The Walker" is stopping by Z-CoiL on 4th St. in #ABQ @ 11am today! Come by, hear his stories, & share some fun!
Last day of our European tour. We return from Barcelona tomorrow. It's been a fantastic journey!
ahahah hell yeah
say you love me again!!
Arlington, VA...just outside of DC.
coming to the show mate?
hell ya!
Thanks to statewide Angel Campbell and I are making it official that we are going to try our hands in a relationship a 2nd time around.
Thank you to everyone for the sweet birthday wishes! I feel great :)
it gets easier thankfully as you keep routinely exercising. Today's my gym day. 25 min on Eliptical &I'm done. ;)
GROCERIES for JUICING: Kale Romaine Lemons Pineapple Apples Ginger Celery Cucumber Parsley Cilantro
did you hide a shirt?
“: Being an idiot = not charming” WHAT, ARE YOU GOING TO TELL ME THERES NO SANTA CLAUS NOW?
Go Follow ASAP #teamblackhouse---->
Music > everything else
CPNYS will not authorize me on their ballot. I wish to thank my many CP backers, Mike Long & his committee. Now we focus 100% on GOP!
watching the news.
Spent this past weekend working. Still and extra 16 hours of pay is not too bad. So tired. I think I can go to sleep early Tuesday night.
My odds have to be slightly better than winning the lottery right? Amazing to win both though!
you wrong, but it's cool. On to the next one.
;) I'm just glad u're on the way to HEALTH! RT Props 2 4 calling it early. My Dr. said Neti Pot & an antibiotic.
id be bullied into the ground though
Now at the bar. RT : Arizona baseball strikes for five runs in the top of the 6th. The Wildcats now lead the Sun Devils, 10-0.
I really want a buffalo chicken footlong Subway sandwhich!
That guy could not look more 1) drunk, 2) from North Dakota, and 3) like he fabricated having a girlfriend.
Learn How to Finesse or DONT try that shit you gone fuck around an kill yo self
won wats up
#2011icf | China's coaching roots: 7th Cent. Zen Buddhism. Experiential wisdom, direct self-realization, questions and metaphor.
Haha all 2k people left at #bigbanks #Bailout are super invested in foul ball pursuit. Take us home Ax. They refuse to play Refused.
Hope you had fun buddy!
Just Loveland, Co & visited & stayed at Wild Lane Bed & Breakfast Inn. Excellent!! Quaint. (970) 669-0303<U+200E> Highly recommend it.
Hi darling Brian. How are you?
really? Brothers? I never would have guessed!! (which episode?)
What chu know bout money Girl
I should have brought scotch.
STRAW BERRY ICE CREAM | Curry Fry Recipes Snacks Sweets ...
Data breaches everywhere. Pone an Institute estimates cost at $214 per compromised record. Stay aware and alert! Protect that data
Which part of Texas do you live?
The theme for the Denver Broncos draft picks? Where's the beef? We have to get bigger and more physical up front!!!
well-deserved!
Like would say
Excited for today's Exposed event in NYC!!
Thanks for the RT & mentions. I love getting inspiration.
LOL so true. one's saltyness creates some great euphoria for the Opponent
there's an idea.. wesley's wise words of the day! It should become a regular daily tweet thing.
come find me when you get in the building
,i do belive im in luv with u,i personaly invite u over for the night
Let's go I want Trumaine Johnson!
oh thanx so much!ill also try meself 2 help me and try 2 get cody 2 see me!
NEWS FLASH: The seagull came back from Utah tracing his genealogy. He says his ancestors were Thespesius. He wasn't proud.
so..? How do you say it in Spanish? I'll never replace my beloved "FUCK!" but I do like expanding my profanity-based repertoire.
Y'all Wildcat fans must wish the Yum! was urs
i miss you too!!
I'm Leavingg For School :/! Adios!
Did everyone have a good holiday weekend?
I hate when people retweet a person I dont follow in the first olace because one he is an dumbass and two I hate him
#truth RT : Don't you wish that you could just hit "Control + Z" in life sometimes?
Been listening to Fleetwood Mac nonstop since killed it on Friday I think I'm my mom.
This makes Farve to Vikes easier to swallow. Have fun w/ YOUR Diva - Queens! Lol RT : Hey Brett Favre. Right now!
On the road back from #BBM.....Great times....more to come!!!!
You bet! We are so happy to be a member of GQuality. It's really given us a chance to listen to our customers, every day.
your not that old zac.
I'm still making it, but on my 2 days off....like I said, I suck
ESPN 30 For 30? RT : When are we going to learn about the George Kokinis story???
. let's get bonfire by #bonfire playing!!!
Can anyone cover a morning shift (9:30 am-1:30 pm) at the fireworks tent tomorrow morning (thurs)?
Yes, I have spent my day off watching The Golden Palace on YouTube. Why isnt this on DVD yet?
I know now... U hate me
you misses it all slacker :) RT“: Out of the loop lately (and generally out of it)...what's been happening on Twitter?”
Hoyas' DE Andrew Schaetzke invited to Cincinnati Bengals mini-camp for rookies on heels of Patriot League Defensive POY senior season.
Are you a skymiles member? Gold? Platinum?
Welcome, , to the tweet world. Thanks for following and prepare for a whole new world.
I don't know if my stomach is growling cuz I'm hungry or if that's my liver crying cuz it's the weekend.
thank you Katharine!! i may or may not be blushing right now. you're the best.
I have great fears we shall never find M! And I shall be uber sad.
Aloha Weekend Time .. Yay .. Sunshine & fun 8-)
Watching Pan's Labyrinth, one of my absolute favorite movies of all time.
Congratulations Jessica Lange!!! Rage it tonight sister!!! 420!!
First day of spring and it's brrrr cold out!
Tf that mean
DATS RIGHT :* Ponton approved “: Got the best friend stamp of approval #relief #rideordiechick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>”
I agree with you!!
We want to wish the happiest of Mother's Days to all of the incredible, tireless moms out there. We salute you today.
Hello tweets my first time so show some love
Bosh having a strain n not a tear is great news... Hope he will be back by game 2 or 3 of the third round
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." ~ #Aristotle (via )
OH WHAT UP Miss lady!!!! BOOM!!! "DROP THE F*CKIN BEAT"!!!
Off to bed. #goodnighttweetybirds!
Need it Bring Back Ringer
Good day!!
“: Good day to be a ticket sales rep for the broncos..." How bout being a Jacksonville Jags sales rep when they snag Tebow?
night loves! School sucks<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D>! Up early! Xoxo <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
You're welcome! I've had that one on #Pinterest for several months. I have 3 in my favorites. Love The Painted Puddle :-)
"so , why the second order? If refs follow your rules then why would teams feel the need to break the rules?"
Obama may have not done alot w/ his 4 years but i've seen some improvement. It's going to take long than 4 to eight years to fix the sh.t
laughing at all the seniors this year tweets complaining about being at school. god i love being in college
same to you buddy. Happy #ThursdayNightHoopla to you too.
RW RT OK, so "leverage" is a bad word now?
I hope I get to chill with this weekend! I miss her lots and lots!
Working on new tracks, The Bastard Son Of Iggy Pop, People Come From Monkeys and Mercy Brown.
Wedding Shoppe, Inc. Introduces Exclusive Bridesmaid Collection, Kennedy Blue
Real love
man i feel really bad about not going to practice, i wanted to go so bad. i feel like i let my team down :\
is love, my friend
I was thinking the same thing! Don't worry I'll represent!
I'm about to prove that twitter's calculator is so wrong..I'm going to unfollow everybody then follow everybody on my followers list
He said "I love Castro" and respect him because "people have wanted to kill [him] for... years, but...[he's] still there"
Amazing how much money you have on your checking account when you stop spending it all.
Lombardi hits 200 regular perfomances tonight...congrats to cast and creative team on keeping Vince going!
Man,enough about Flacco and Reed. In Balto it's a non-issue. You guys need to find another topic. Leave the Ravens alone alrdy.
totes awesome!
Last Train Out. You coming or not? Wait... what was that? Oh...Im sorry guys, it appears the Last Train has left. Sorry. Come see us...
- There is a free conference for teachers at Wayne State today. #edcampDetroit - Can you show some twitter love for us?
you think soulja boy gonna be mad? Lmao
I often find it interesting how liberals believe giving individuals/groups a title makes them some more then they are.,)
Thanks for the info! It was a lovely book - we'll be voting on these next month!
Why is a film that has a lot of things in common with PIRANHA (hard R exploitation flick), why is it PG13?
Comedians make me laugh
Who's #1 on the countdown tonight? HEY! I JUST MET YOU!
hey! i miss my library world. how goes it at MLA?
Tornado mom: New foot, big day
thx how u been?
So I have two job interviews tomorrow.
#stank problems lol
Teen Titans ? Oh I miss that show so much..."When there's trouble you know who to call, TEEN TITANS!!!" <3
RT : It doesn't matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going. ~ Brian Tracy
One result has gone the right way, YES! Mon the Eire, mon!.
show them how you do it!
#letsgosox proud of my team
Excited for Cincinnati opening day! Go Redlegs!
- this one takes place in the Backbar, so it has a 21+ requirement.
It took an accident to try and fix this? Crazy the way this world works.
was all like, "oh shit, son!" and Will's all like, "I'mma hide behind you, bro! Slime on bitches!" ;)
Come on - you can't lose in the garden with your favorite fan watching!!!
I don't even want to know.
That means walking 5 miles! Grab a pedometer and start stepping
62 pets have been adopted in our 24/7 Adoption Event with 36 hours to go! Help us reach our goal of finding homes for 200 pets!...
lol lol we not I HOPE
thanks steph <3 I hope so (:
Our love is like a roller coaster but I wouldn't trade it for anything.
Cleaning out gannies pantry and sad to throw out the Carrot Ring w Creamed Fish recipe but can't take everything w me.
watching Idol
In love, the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two
#nowplaying I Hate That You Love Me - Diddy-Dirty Money () #LTTP is HOT!
morning Karen. Had that rain too, down here in #Charlotte. Nice to get a soaking once & again. Here ya on the
Terrible reality show idea: "America's Got Rabies." Also, Jersey Shore.
no way soapy. Too much energy !! XO
#AAM2012 presenters, please speak into the mic! Lots of quiet voices on the panels.
Andrew Young, mayor of Atlanta, US Congressman & Ambassador to United Nations born 12 March 1932 I photographed him playing tennis in 1970s
Hello, Monday. Didn't expect to see you again so soon!
I don't retweet and favorite our tweet because I like you. its because I like your tweet.
Looking forward to speaking at this mornings #smac breakfast.
GM Twitter Friends!
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific.
yes he does, sometimes he leaves me to go play the drums(;
obviously a women that likes her hair pulled or maybe somebody wants too try it.
Leaves falling, temps dropping, make sure to keep the hands warm and moisturized
The thing about 5hour energy drink is that they are so hard to open and I just don't have the energy.
lol ok dude
I like to think of the ability to learn to code as a mental disease.
thanks lol I tried I gotta like shade shit though . I can't draw for my life
Nice , i just planned my anatomy stuff
What a gorgeous morning!! Enjoy your day
Could the Celtics have played any worse in that 3rd quarter? Slow motion for 3 quarters and then tried to turn it on.
Thanks for all of your support Brandon. Almost there.
Ready for warmer weather.
in case they ax about me
I don't hate you, but your beauty distracts me from your science.
i wanna be a billionair so freaking bad
Let us love, not in word or speech, but in truth and action. -The Bible, 1 John 3
Today is my Birthday!!! :)
hahah your ready to kick some major ass right now!
#WeWontWork if you stay Saying you gonna do this, n dont keep yo word
Called my daddy to apologize....
now what about "i went to the hospital" or "lionkiller" ? literalism in music is a trip, next time i'm under a hedge ill hum that
why problems with you boyfriend
I like "starving artist!" Great concept and the singer is dope too!!
just finished a session done for the night
We are never more like Christ than when we #forgive!
Hello , May .
You should rap more! Heck, you could even rap with Diggy Simmons, or Mindless Behavior
I can't wait to see and at Sunfest this thursday!!! yeah budddddyyyyy!!
Whether you express yourself using your middle finger or your index finger to click a mouse, it is protected speech, IMO.
Eli Manning jersey to Church?
GO MARK ROCKLING GO! Good luck tomorrow!
this tweet led directly to one war horse ticket for dec. 31! thank you nutmeg! thank you twitter!
super random thought, but it blows my mind that the trojan horse actually worked. i mean, REALLY, guys? weaksauce.
I'm doing good. Relaxing how are doing?
Finally done.
because you dont check twitter enough! ;)
let's do it looks so fun!
Sitting in the driveway, hazard lights are on, yet some drunk chick still walks right into the car.
Madonna shut it down!!!!!
Why would I want to follow Bank of America?
and now to Olly with the black weather. "It gonna rain!" Thanks Olly.
Surrounded by Yankees fans with Southern accents. Truly one of he greatest nights of my life.
Makes me wanna take a back road, makes me wanna take the long way home (; #JasonAldean<3
where at prom? Jkells gettin rowdy at prom.
I just registered for the #GMAT and after which felt the sudden urge to run around the room flailing my arms in a panic
Today is a coffee date kind of day! Get a FREE Small Premium Roast Coffee at McD's! ^Eugene/PDX area only
Ok the last thing to make the start of the weekend just f'ng fabulous
right! I logged on FB and my phone started going crazy. I didn't know what the hell was going on.
Bruce Willis maybe
speak english motherf@#$%^
Three women walk into a Nobel Peace Prize. World stops, sighs, holds hope!
Biology Final tomorrow, ughh.
Follow and download his mixtape "Stuck to the Sidewalk" !
LULZ MT : A funct. blueprint 2 recover US democracy not going 2 emerge from the Anarchist Insurrect. [but] from the middle.
Debating if i should go super slacker or just semi-slacker to school tomorrow... Hmm... Decisions decisions :)
I should have seen it coming with how you have treated other friends.
I don't know, it's just never NOT amusing to me. How can I do this? What makes them move?
I swear if #oomf is at the airport when I arrive I will be the happiest woman alive! Smh idk what to believe anymore lol.
but they aren't paying attention to the recovery & that the policies DID work.
Good mornin twitter
what were you doin' up in Swampsville?
Legendary race driver and Shelby Cobra designer Carroll Shelby has died at age 89. Source: AP
Disney is to education what global warming is to polar bears. #whatfacts?
- Thank you for the compliment. Hope we see you again soon!
On mother's day, no less! Best wishes!
Wow! Wow! Awesome!
ur gonna be so mad at me
mountain man...played by Robert Redford?
Louisville... Impressive win.
Started Italian language lessons tonight at the Italian Institute. "Io mi chiamo Scott o Antonio. Buona serata!"
any chance of you coming back to Pittsburgh, PA in the near future? That would be tremendous.
Who won the football contest?
thank you!! I hope you're doing well!!
mine was too but i just took the "free" wash lol
One day, we'll be in the same place at the same time.
In Bay Bridge traffic. People pulled over and napping while waiting out the traffic.
you should probably put your picture of you without braces on here. #you.are.beautiful. <3
I am so happy I won't have to take any more Addies until fall semester
R U GOIN?
hey guys!
Shout it out loud to the Green Mile Co. Check em out the green is gonna blow ur mind.
r u kidding?
wear slip-ons!
good read! I was wondering about it the other day!
we should have a CCD Affinity Group for lunch at
I know das right. REAL fans stick by their teams!
what happened in Ontario tonight?
great and yea ii seen the advertisement on YouTube. It look So good. Go see! Lol
Follow us and receive a free class
Working on a great article about photographing SWAT standoffs. It's gonna be filled with photos from actual scenes! www.newsphotobiz.com
Had a delicious Chef Celebration dinner at Delicia's. AMAZING food all for a great cause!
True, plus I think the Badgers are 9-1 in the first round under Bo Ryan, so maybe a 2nd Rnd loss, but I don't think Sweet 16
#HachettePrev Today is the Day! Looking forward to seeing a great group of librarians today!
I like girls that wear sneakers , Pretty Girls With Glasses and Girls that know good hiphop.
The gym did me good today got a lot of thinking in but the good kind
Surprised the experts did not mention Celtics fouling Lou Williams so Philly can't make a three to tie game - great strategy
Omg. Beauty Bar. DJ Red Eye. My fave Saturday nights ever. Just beginning.
Fabulous day today in North Alabama. Cool, fresh air with clear, blue skies. Hard to believe weather has EVER been an issue.
this freaking weekend bro ! It's so close
getting ready for 78 degrees in buffalo again yeah buddy!!
I don't want to wake up. -.- I'm so mad my dad called and woke me up when my dream was in a good spot now I will never know what happens lol
For the next couple minutes
nice avi btw! not sure how long you've had that one up but I just now noticed it :P
That was a weak make up call on Harden for Jelly Bean jr.
also, that green dress shirt. where do you even find that color? MAYBE with a brown suit, but he mostly looked weird
Go to your show and kill you & yo hype man.
“: Tonight at City Tavern in Dallas! Show starts at 9:00! Also be sure to pick up the EP for $5!” See you there
I hate Mondays. :-/
Ha I hear ya. I saw Skyrim at the rogers by your place for rent! Looks sick. That's if Rogers hasn't gone bankrupt yet....
Having a chill sub in spanish >>
Buying condoms and lube is always awkward.
but it all depends on the test. If it rigorously tests skills/knowledge that'll prep kids 4 success, it should drive instruction
Truce. :) Sry, I like to debate. Always surprised by what ppl say when challenged. That is when the best ideas happen.
text me about lunch
Today's a pretty good day, huh?
Almost school time -_-
Im a volunteer 4 #ISM2012! Twt me if u need advice, transit help, dinner recs
Me and Bryant been beefing all day today. I ain't even seen that man in months, but when I do he getting Molly wooped!
Oh alright, thanks for ignoring me -__-
thanks! not actually today, but i'm enjoying my birthweek :)
When you are tired, just travel!
post the link!
RT : RT : This could go into tomorrow in some areas. Keep safety first.
I grow wiser every time I am around Bryan Gross. Hope I can be half of the role model he is for me for someone else someday.
thanks! Lol your a whole 10days early though! Lmfao
Drew Paine: Or, How to Live Safely While Rocking Too Hard.
. Thomas Paine... very nice :-) Happy #IndependenceDay #CommonSense quotes
Even the guy playing Rochefort was just doing a Michael Wincott impression. But Walsh wishes he was Tim Curry... Ugh.
Jason Mraz. This is my morning!
Just installed new 23" monitor to go along with new macbook - how did I ever live without this stuff??? I think I am turning into
Ive worn too many dresses in my radio gigs..... but Novak makes racing writers shiver when she pulls on that one
um ... awesome?
TIE -When I put the plastic wrap around the heavy coat...or that first donning of sunglasses on a bright, sunny day.
#WomenBuild^=#@#Habitat_org program underwritten by #@#lowes bringing together women worldwide to address the housing crisis worldwide.
RT : We here do NOTHING w/o caffeine. Mental gymnastics impossible if there is no black brew
. will be a tough act to follow. Expecting a PyCon talk in a few years by about automating it
your moms a whore !
Ran away from all the girls i been dating cuz when i'm wit them its only you i see..
there is a god
If the book was helpful then ud prob enjoy reading the wkly blog posts by 4 Gutsy girls conquering their QLCs @ stratejoy.com !
I go every year in the summer, one of my favorite places! Let me know if you go and Ill give you a list of stuff to do.
with videogames, I hear you have many lives.
How 'bout them Tigers, jackass?
I believe I heard Doug Collins clearly call someone an f----- a------. Fox Sports has to do better at bleeping that out.
What's poppin wit ya homie??
definitely! And probably then some! Hahaha
NICE!!!!! I will have to get one of those gems. Is Ms. Brown still with us?
We just got some new machines in! Come try them out!
Culver City and walking more than expected. That's a long wait for a cup of coffee.
I need an exotic vacation... so I'm thinking to the middle east!!! perhaps Dubai
#MyWeddingSong "She" from #OddFuture I could only imagine my parents reaction on the last verse lol
I saw Aaron Lewis performing live by himself few years back.
last day of spring break...tommorw will most likely suck for me.
Italy! and you haven't invited me to be your valet?
Ted Nugent Concert Canceled: Anti-Obama Comments Lead To End Of Rockstar&#39;s Appearance
SOMEONE GO ANSWER MY LAST TWEET.
Let them hate. They can't do anything with you - nuthin'. Play at...play at...play at...your Own Risk. Peace & luv to you.
We would love to do a possible tasting event at our showroom! Will send you a DM!
we'll play anywhere as long as we can get paid at enough to cover at least half the gas it takes to get there
ugh boo! I'll see you Friday though! Woo!
good how are you.. you have to come to the Hard Rock on July 8th for the concert!
It seems #May is #NationalHamburgerMonth ... Any idea where this tradition started?!?
I hate my 6th amd 7th period.
Boyhood, like measles, is one of those complaints which a man should catch young and have done with, for when it comes in middle
Gloves, trees, other haeccities to introduce Jane Bennett.
ha...oh their spirts live at T-Flats on the autograph wall!
ello! how are you.
And i can build myself up longer then a couple of secs too lol
Same people wanted Steve Beuerlein over Aikman
what about your Florida followers?! :)
Morning shows says 48% of women hide purchases from husband. This is why we keep separate bank accounts. No deceit or worry! Freedom!
hits 3.5, strikeouts 12.5. If they get more hits than Ks, I might eat the box my iPad came in.
I'm gonna laugh when he calls the police on you
I try try mirror my actual servers as much as possible. Ubuntu web server and Ubuntu VM to minimize issues.
Spending the best years of my life signing in and out of Google
ps LOVE the dark hair!!!!
one day will follow me on twitter !
Almost finished voting in ALA elections!
where in Madison are you going to be?
Words don't have the power to hurt you unless the person saying them mean a lot to you.
I always do see you. I'm like "that's my lil homie right there". lol
It's a Since I Left You kind of night.
Vip’s get discount tickets on Knott’s Scary Farm. Call us for details 619-226-1121 or vipclubcard.com
Some people will never grow the fuck up.
Social media data interesting. Friends - indifferent when I follow a museum, but influenced when I visit an exhibition?
Oh , there's a whole audience of people who get your Dagobah jokes:
is having an incredible #LeapDay sale: Tix to remaining 2011-12 concerts are $29 Cheap!
I'm gonna drink my tears tonight.
Being a parent means your kids always come first in every aspect of your life.
#Like #rvabike RT : biking every day it isn't raining makes me indescribably happy
Its rainy, its cold, and you're hungry for warm food and friendly faces... come see us for our new noodle bowls and hot tea.
I is so much cooler den dat bud light dog.
and any need for prayer at all please tweet it to me! I will be glad to pray for you! :)
The Legislature of the Massachusetts Colony has declared Thursday November, 23 1775 as “a day of public thanksgiving”
Jeff over to shaky start!.. Let's fix that today! Go24!!
Come to think of it...WSHH probably IS owned by balding, rich white guys...like B.E.T. I jest, I jest...
ah, can't wait to hear what it is!
that's awesome! thanks for the support! :)
Stanton: Redevelopment after deindustrialization involves defining the industrial past as “other” and in the past.
I need the starshine of your heavenly eyes, after the day's great sun.
Time to tune out the world. Headphones in...
Walk of shame? Do it before 7 AM in Pacific Beach. Nobody is awake that early to mock you, though you might miss out on a high five.
you still will always be my favorite
Thanks for the suggestion! I will check it out this evening. You and your friends are welcome to join.
Goodmorning:D someone woke up earlier than usual!(:
Pearl Jam Radio on Pandora ROCKS!
I hate it when people change.
Statistically, 6 out of 7 dwarfs aren't happy.
I bet there is a plane flying from NY to LA also. It truly is amazing.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year xoxo. Jen, Bri Bri , and Ismael.
Connecticut Governor Dannel Malloy says plan to overhaul the state's liquor laws is much more than just Sunday sales, will also create jobs.
open mic Work'n on new shit
how many museums out there have a FT person managing social media?
www.rj-imarketing.com is so popular in Uk thanks for the support
on a date with myself!
should we get on tc tonitee and invite pplz
The USA Racquetball National Doubles Championships are in progress. Watch all the action for free at www.irtnetwork.com
My Mom still makes me go to my room. She doesn't realize that I live in a studio apartment. There's only one room.
I would give my life if god would let you be ok for the rest of yours.
Believe it when you feel it !! That a way you don't have to see it !!
you should stop by philly =)
And it begins! #JFNAGA say hello to and Right next door to Jewish camp.
There is only one terminal dignity - love.
How bout that home run! Great job Marli.
Re: protection, courtesy of Free to be You and Me: "Some kinds of help are the kind of help we all can do without."
Gah! That's really bad. This week, most likely. I need to hit up L.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY I LOVE YOU SO VERY MUCH <3<3<3
can i just sleep until summer's here?
Get Jamal Tinsley out please
thanks they're pretty into class itself, but I want them to get pumped up about the test. Any more tips?
..I'm a little disappointed that I buy expensive bras thinking it's quality to have 2 of them fall apart in a few months
The hubby just ate a plate of meat for supper. Holy Carnivore.
I'm glad Obama rejected Keystone XL, but don't say it's not about the "merits of the pipeline" when it clearly is, and should be.
of course! everything was delicious!
I wish i had nice eyes, oh well. Guess I'm stuck with these black pits of death
Sorry, Aaron. I am Puerto Rican and die hard NY Giants and NY Jets fan. But You were great player. I respect you a lot.
There should be a scholarship for broke American museum geeks.
Mell Mell need sleepy time NOW!!!
You are right. I love the rain.
#2ThingsIAppreciate People who believe in me and my mother
There's an unsecured wireless network by the laundromat entitled "AssToMouthFucking".
I already settles it .. & I are going somewhere Saturday.
Look at my picture and beware what you may become... :)
PAY ATTENTION
must show video or photo sequence or didnt happen.
What my mom just texted Faith >>>>>> "catch some z's nigga peace out."
Thanks for the wifi :)
Support #lastthursday, keep the party alive! Consider donating to Friends of Last Thursday. They have a booth between 19th n 20th. Thanks!
You're great with words! But take an angsty photo and I'll see about getting it in the paper ...
And to leave for la. I must grind hard and stayed focus, no matter what!!!!!!
Saying goodbye sucks!!!!
Google Voice transcribed a voice mail as: "Hey, I believe this is Jezebel role from over. Daddy calling you." (1 of 2)
Virginia Supreme Court is issuing opinions from the last term this morning.
I Jus Want Kobe to get 6 Then I wont Root For LA. Only Way They Can win Is If Bynum/Pau Play like yesterday every game
Missing itterog's weekend food tweet
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy. Showers. Mainly after midnight. Lows in the mid 60s. South winds 5 to 10 mph. Chance of...
well then I'll be seeing you!
why is that necessary to tell twitter?
Lmfao that's awesome lol love it :p
I wonder who the bSer is going to be?
Wheels within wheels...and congrats! RT Tweeting while getting an award at work...for Tweeting!
So so so true. RT : agreed. I know I am. #ANTM // RT : British Invasion is proof that Tyra is bored.
Going with the battles at least I got a nap in lol
has a commercial audition for Kotex today. I hope that I will be ________.
Jeez! Sorry for not being good enough! what about HunDra? xD lmao
Keep Calm And Use The Force Quit
Just watched New Years Eve. I love that movie!
Seriously Google docs...I love you!
Wednesday Pollen Count | 10.0 out of 12.. keep windows closed, avoid peak pollen times, and find some relief throughout the day.
I'm down for whatever. You just lead the way
u guys need to come on tinychat ur fans comes on everyday waitting for u guys u guys come on tinychat plzzzzzzzzzD=
I'll try to fo it now
Rest in paradise Grandma, I love you so much
Tonight on I Remember, the story of the #SchoolSistersofSt.Francis, including the founding of Alverno. At 6:30 on Ch. 10.
feetintwoworlds.org is looking for DREAMer stories. Send a 2-3 min video to .
And how the eff am I supposed to commit to something that far away....
Wheels up Washington... next stop Chicago!
I saw you yesterday while driving around! You looked either very intense or very lost in your car. Couldn't tell which.
Randomly in the mood for some deathcore. No idea what though.
Glad tomorrow is Friday! Excited for some fun on Saturday! Life is good!
damn yall me ready to party. Music loud and abt to pour up my cup of da wkend
Mom: KATY! GO GET ME MY YELLOW DRESS! Me: -goes get dress- Mom: WHY DID YOU GET ME THE YELLOW DRESS IT MAKES ME LOOK FAT!
The "Cat Daddy" song sucks when isn't dancing to it. Saw her video this morning so I bought the song.
Finished a tedious spoken word session all about prepaid card/finance programs.
Beautiful post by senior, Anne Yanda. Wise reflections...from a young lady who is living her lesson.
Yes - my editing teacher gave me that little nugget yesterday - So simple.
np try hitting up and they might help grab followers w/ a rt
And the people at United were awful. But they sent me to American, and they got her on a flight that worked ok.
There are a lot of spiders around here too. I FUCKING HATE IT!
my friends don't really like you....RT to give them a reason to
Dang Andrea Your The Definition of Gorgeous :)
Thanks for following us!. Great cause!
11 days until REVO San Diego!
Give it to ha in the worst way
Lopez: She fell down stairs other day at Build-A-Bear. Kids laughed at her recently when she lost balance at the zoo. Hard on siblings.
I am trying to get in contact with the for a video shoot i sent 3 emails. Great offer
Awkward moment when some1 says austin mahone cover to rolling in the deep is better than adele.. Sorry but no lol
Media tweeps... story idea: kickball- a unique way to get fit outdoors this spring! DM me or email
no school were is the celebration?
Hm so John Cena claims he's taking a "vacation" yet news just came out about him being confirmed for Marine 3. Interesting timing...
Samuel Grafton~ A penny will hide the biggest star in the Universe if you hold it close enough to your eye.
I call those my "protection packages" of you Tony & Lenny. Just in case I have to whip them and bitch slap here & there. LOL
great to hear. The Denver team was an impressive group. #ECET2 Can't wait to visit some time.
venti iced coffee with 3 scoops of sugar and a dash of milk?
Congrats on the nomination! You do such a great job!
Lavazza Espression is featuring a new drink and two new promotions this month! Come the and see what they have to offer!
in that case just bring it with you and get some rest tonight
I really must lose weight... So not happy with my body.
In LA, NY or some other cool city?
Jello Biafra and Nazi punks? I see what you did there.
it looks edited O.0
If you don't want your salad chopped, I don't want to know you.
Yes I just farted. As of right now, it's the only gas I can afford.
drunk or kidnapped again? just kidding lol. have fun I'm on a sailboat boat with David DeRothschild. Not sure how I got here.
This may be sudden notice, but huge birthday celebration tomorrow on Maxwell
May 3, 1971: NPR's All Things Considered broadcasts for the first time. The tote bag market never looks back.
Dude, this internship is freakin awesome. I love free tickets to shows!!!!
wow that's crazy!
Any idea when San Diego Comic Con's pro registration will happen? Or did I miss an email?
And yes... As I was writting my previous tweet I realized that the weekend is also for relaxing, so I am off for a run!!! :-)
right about now _______, the Drunken idiots are on the road, and I'm safely at home.
yep So hows life??
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning. – Benjamin Franklin
#Chicken lovers in #Austin, TX can #text POPEYES to 90210 for #discounts & #VIP sale alerts from Popeyes Louisiana Chicken. Yumm!
Popcorn. That's a pretty amazing concept.
Edina holds on to win one in a nail biter. The Hornets move on to the semifinals with a final score of 3-2.
just text me when you ready
Amazing dreads Dre amazing gold watch and amazing red sweater #overallamazing!!
It pretty sure that being a Jets fan pisses everyone off in New England....so I wouldn't wanna start making friends now....GO #JETS!!!!!!!!!
Hi, I am interested in donated a large quantity of snack bars to you guys! Who do I contact first to get the ball rolling :)
what is it?
"Stand for what is right, even if you have to stand alone."
will be at the Laurel Farmers Market Today from 10-2AM at 4215 MacArthur Blvd in Oakland. See you all there!- Chef Toussaint
Salsa Party! Nov. 10th, 7pm-Midnight @ Mr. G's Supper Club, 1547 W. 87th Street!
In fact, you can watch the outdoor big screen tv, too
I'd ask how my friends are doing, but I probably couldn't hear them over the Diablo 3 click-storm.
Come see us 2day from 5-10pm at the I Made It! Market at Bakery Square. Can't make it 2day? We will b there from 12-6 pm 2morrow as well!
Design fails. Fast, small, spectacularly. It needs a naive perspective.
A better question is: "why did you just wake up?"
I need a bow and arrow. I'm serious. And don't ask any f#%king questions.
Yes it has been a long time. I'm fune . How have you been. What do you do for fun, or work?
Gleetards are killing the music industry!
Shouts out to
Huge thx to everyone who came out to The Sweet Lime in Sevierville last night! Great Cinco De Mayo party with Piranah & Scent of Remains!
Random ass folks up here with me
It's fun! I'd be lying if I say I didn't love it. Keep working at it and it'll come for ya
lucky. ours doesn't work.
need tracks from you
Could things possibly get any worse?
RT : Nolan Ryan actually said on today he thinks he could still throw about 85. // I knew it!!
Tim, I know. they wind up at the bottom of my purse with receipts. Or in my wallet. In both cases, I toss 'em.
Ok I'm coming round 6
Our amazing advisor team (, , , , and Geneva Henry) have left the building. Now to work!
Wow the mall of america is gigantic! Just rode some rides #thanks for days off! Time to do some shopping
O, that's a lot of scansion, my friend. Would that I could help.
Just hit that today!
RT : I'm rooting for Pepperoni Melt!
You kids really need to do something about all those donkeys in NYC. It's pretty out of control.
Get off that and get to work with that beat I sent you. Mix/Mastered version should be done by Saturday.
I hate doing things for people and not getting ANYTHING in return.
same. In bed ready to start the dayq
Nap time .. Missing my boo .
So sorry If only you knew I was on YAB, you could have saved the glory for yourself...I guess you're not the mayor after all
Rehearsing demo tracks like mad for studio sessions, kicking off next weekend with LA
what??!!!. U getting married
I saw last tweet first and thought you were talking abt Betty at front desk. Also a saint! :)
"But you have forsaken me and served other gods, so I will no longer save you." Judges 10:13
Great chat today! Let me know if you have more postal service questions ;)
Foundation is my favorite sci fi series. I also like the fantasy series The Chronicles of Amber by Zelazny.
Thanks for helping us sell smoothies today!
opperation break them up and steal him is now in commence.
Gr8 2 have #twitter on the #iphone!
Does anyone else listen to B&S and feel like they are living in the 1970s?
Two other senior officers have been killed with Montgomery and his men are retreating. They left Montgomery's body behind.
doing a grocery store tour? :)
GO AROUND OLD MAN!!!! Hahahaha, best part of my day!
Indeed sir!
Day has been stressful. Technology is great when it works. Great talking to my brother though. Always an upside. :-)
You me Maddie Spa night. We all need to hang out. And we're still on for Friday too.
lets help make that happen with some promotions! Call #TopFamEnt 410.513.9199
Everybody has to start somewhere. We want to start with you! Call us today or check out our website 702.499.0071 www.badsuerecords.com
I am the biggest Pacers fan in the world right now
When you leave something, you secretly wanted to come back and get it
im weak!! DEAD! Hahahahhahahahahhahahaha
depends who you pic im not gonna use the heat
I don't.get annoyed easily at all ...but when I do it's
if i did that, id probably get into more trouble than i already am -_-
Holy crap how does Philly not score there?
I Ryan dion hacker just got stuck in a death shroud of a snuggie with a panda bear on it and had to dance my way out. Fml.
Skylar's a crazy bitch. But I love her.
looking through the Scholastic fall catalogue! some awesome YA books coming out!
is that nigga!!! Ain't nobody fuckin wit it...
got any killer bro?
What a gorgeous day. Wish I were outside.
I had a moment of weakness . I learned my lesson lol
Someone hacked me :o
Thanks for the follow! We think you're awesome.
#Nov2010 #SanDiego Political Survey: what issue is the most pressing heading into Nov's election for SD? RT to
oh I totally forgot about cupcakes... Um. You get the choice of cake or cupcake?
Swing batter...
really now? -____________-
Yes that is the good lfe...
Sex between a man and a woman can be absolutely wonderful - provided you get between the right man and the right woman.
Thanks for the RT! :)
gym mats gym matting gym flooring - gym mats flooring
Thank you for the RT and follow :) Look forward to your tweets!
your mom looks stunning!!
If only understood the depth and weight of that statement... ;-)
EOGs next week, screw that. -__-
If you've got a good marriage why should you care who anyone else marries? Love first, always.
Would appreciate more information about the August meeting you mentioned in your #usinno presentation
Some folks age gracefully in their professions, mentoring and empowering the next generation. Some become more controlling and nasty.
So happy. SAG-AFTRA is a bouncing baby new UNION. So Happy.
Baseball: Today's game with UW-Platteville has been postponed. The game will be made-up on Monday at 7:00 p.m. at Stampfl Field.
You never have to apologize for your musical roots.
niggas say i'm too dope, i aint sellin it. .. <3 me some tyga c;
Today will be a struggle...
WTF Eastbound? I was promised an Ewok village!!
I've gone over to the other side - Watching ACM's, checking hashtags and Tweeting.
Checking out "Single for Sure DIVERSE live Private Showcase at SIR Studios New" on Indie Music Channel
that is awesome! How did you like the training?
“We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.” <U+2015> Joseph Campbell
“: lovely toliet in the background.” Haha! Yes, it's top notch.
RT : the back channel for Jim Knight at TIES
"If they will not understand that we are bringing them a mathematically infallible happiness, >>
I seem to have danced my voice away!
I agree! Music is WONDERFUL! :) the set - mehh not so much...
Pornography is supposed to arouse sexual desires. If pornography is a crime, when will they arrest makers of perfume?
Yall know I'm playing a show on Tuesday, right? with Stephanie, Flexions, and
On the shampoo bottle it says...,lather rinse & repeat but it doesn't say stop..so I'm off to buy more shampoo & a bigger water heater!
I was just telling someone that I wanted to watch this movie this weekend. Love it!
I know! Showing off on all these commercials when she can't do a thing!
Dear Lord, I know every day may not be good, but there is something good in each day. I'm alive. I'm in good health. Thank You!
Always appreciate and respect another's journey... when someone's path takes them in a different direction let go with love and Blessings!
If you knw me, you knw I love the Moon. And that boy been shining bright the last three days. My inner Wolf wants to howl and piss on trees
I honestly am such a mess I can't take it anymore
Had a great date...it was a nice surprise in the middle of the week:)))<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Bounce back game! Go Hawks Go!!
now following , FB
- I spend my days lookin through pages, trying to find a way, to get away from me!
when u in the mood && you cant solve it o.O
I'm sure zeta love me btw
Congrats! MT Great weekend in Chicago, took 2nd at MIVA! Heading to Kansas City for NCVF National Volleyball Championships!
Male CEO's or female CEO's? RT Are publicly traded company CEOs paid too much? A large majority of readers think so.
T, wanted to see if I can book you in CHICAGO on the #1 sports talk show in town? We are on from 5-9 AM, want to talk BULLS.
Gotta get my nails done .
Monkeyclaus is getting cleaned up and landscaped for its 6th birthday. We'll share pictures soon! :)
Animal Collective Bargaining
Congrats! ": 9-4, I have been selected to fill Rep. Rhyne's seat."
so that's you!
That happened to me once only I was dreaming and had to answer three riddles then crapped my bed
It's lunch time , any recommendations on where to grab something unique?
I would fly my lil butt to LA for that LOL
This great idea ( quaint small wedding in a royal hotel ) is turning into a bad idea very quickly
Got frozen waffles & we have no toaster. Reading the box: "just slip these wholesome multigrain beauties into the toaster"
Oh, sweetie... you know we can only get crawfish down here!
I will
Everyone is an anchor, the question is are you keeping others where they need to be, or preventing them from where they need to go?
One drink to remember and another to forget... Can't wait for this tour to begin!
Stop in tomorrow for Wellness Wednesdays, all members receive a complimentary top shelf gram with min. donation. Check us out at facsd.org.
Your city has missed you. Welcome home.
se kesto lol, good bro ... You guys still in Utah?
Thank you to all Veterans for your service to our country!
RT Show at Jives coffee shop tomrrow Thursday night at 7pm with and
My 5 yr old would bathe in it. RT : How did she get Nutella on her elbow?!
yeah same.. i could never do it
Hey I just met Angela Johnson! Word up bro! She's awesome!
thank all for all the followers! we appreciate it so much!
damnn pacerrs, you guys are going for a 2-1 series lead. :'')
understood. Well when you have time look up The Greater Heights "Make It Through" on YouTube. Promise you'll like it.
Love that!! RT : RT : Rays come out of dugout to applaud Jeter
Oh, #MadMen, why must we suffer through Henry and Betty so?
Bodyy is all kinds of sore from my workout ;)
Take my hummus, please! (Because, seriously, I'm full and need to stop eating it)
Ugh n there go my feeling running down my face
New Rule: isn't allowed to talk #FIFA13 while I'm in the office... Makes me want to go home and play...
When are you free?
My mom is a Hightower. Family ties from NC, SC, TN, & KY. Wonder if we're related.
nice one :D haha I'm weird
Wondering if the need for Team Leads is symptomatic of an organization's lack of real Leadership.
Friday night #knicks playoff push leggo
Oh, no. I have 21 weeks LEFT. 21 weeks and one day, to be exact. Not that I'm counting.
my stint in Canada for #woc2011 is coming to a close. twas a pleasant experience. renewed appreciation for comm theory types.
Jose Bautista puts Jays on the board in the 4th. Tribe up 4-1
I tried calling you... why did you send me to voicemail? Bah humbug!
im watching all your keeks while home sick<3 7
Great meeting with and of ! Big plans for September, and
RT : Thing is, if Klout didn't exist, someone would have to invent it. The urge to quantify the unquantifiable is too strong.
yes. date night?
your welcomee <33 he looks like God ! <33 so sexy
haha will do
Booker T. Washington
Not much of an age difference. I think he should call you Jimmy.
It is not that love is blind. It is that love sees with a painter's eye, finding the essence that renders all else background.
Gotta love the 2nd half of taks days. Movies and nothing.
our alert today LOGL still going and going damn members making alot of money
:) I bet ur havin a blast there. So jealous! Only benefit is that I can watch the draft on 1 screen, & the Giants on the other
thx young lady
haha I was like "what the hell is this.." but that's good :) I think I did well too
most exclusive person ever. Seen only on rare occasions. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080> hahhaha
We did make this issue free. Next time you want to point at something , let me know and I'll see what I can do.
Today Madison tomorrow Bel Terra:)
“Energy and persistence conquer all things.”
will do
Joy Behar has no patience for the loonies on her show right now, and I was headed to bed, but this is funny.
ugh, i hate this feeling!
Had a blast goin out last night. Now I'm on call chillin. Please don't call me in cb!!!
"Thy sword is unsheathed, sir..." #Shakespeare for
thanks for the follow. Nice blog. Freelance?
Call me crazy but I feel kinda happy. It was a really nice day. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0093>
I like Rick, I wish he could get it turned around. I'd like to see him back to the CU and UW days. Good guy.
's Charles Shaw wine, dubbed #TwoBuckChuck has turned 10 years old and shipped 50 million cases of the different varieties
In honor of the start of 10 days of #SXSW, today EcoClean will clean your pearl snap shirt, whether u r real ATX or poser!
ha! La!! Isssy!! You return!!
New Boyz performing LIVE at Club Sevilla in Long Beach..Sell out expected!! For Pre-Sale tickets or bottle service text 562.307.3589
SKY Y U NO RAIN
Are any of you fine social scientists using #R in undergrad methods courses? How has it worked out?
Shit, i just woke up
What's your favorite band/artist right now? Anyone I should be watching?
I'd rather see him than Youkilis w/ his bulbous head & awkward stance. Appreciate the hustle. Hard to compete w/ AJ.
Using that word at all as a pejorative continues to stigmatize people with disabilities. Same as using "gay" as an insult.
Who wants to hang wit me tomorrow tho LOL
I'm doing it again.. Time to release
Hell's yes ! Found designers integral to development of new work in ensemble process.
Jason Taylor sounds genuinely disappointed to have signed a contract with the Jets. Baffling Miami had no interest in him for another year
Way to go, Sarah! :-D
Thanks for the follow Keevon!
it's too early to feel squirley.
oh so cool! mind you play a song for us? a preview?
Overly agitated and aggravated. Definitely don't need added stress right now...
nigga you comin to my graduation tomorrow?!
So whatcha been up to??
Love your Tonyweets. And people in the rest of the country love seeing that guy from HIMYM rap. And Chris Rock!
Every time I plan to take kitteh Page on road trip to visit the parents, she dives under the bed hours before, like she KNOWS...
Omg the parties have finally ended damm! Recover and Study time, no more distractions plz
Trying to decide if I want to delete all #Pisces RED voicemails, texts, emails messages. There's a ton Hm
No life.
Hate crapping in a public restroom!
Good Morning Have a Wonderful day :-)
Thx for the Revolución Shout out!
Chocrotes refused, “I have kept silent for too long my old Master, for I will never stop asking questions and I will never stop being me!”
When's your birthday hoe?!
looovin, is what i got. i said remember that.
The #reds are over-valuing Votto. Good luck with that.
Awesome! Thanks. :)
Girl do you not know you look like a radish on your head<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
www.stardesignsa.com
Awesome vinyl, Delicious drinks tonight!
Eggs, and waffles, and pancakes, oh my! It's Brunch on Boxing Day today! Join us!
we should be right now lol
“: Hope you guys are cool with my decision! It means the world to me that you support me.” I totally support you!
I hate watching movies where the video and audio aren't synched >.<
Good Foul...bad shot.
Cecilia from has given us a run down of some of the statistics of contemporary cities and opportunities that exist in them
Congrats on being our 1,000th follower! We'd send you a FREE sandwich/salad card, but are you near #Chicago or #DC?
That's awesome :)
#Nf thanks for the Follow!
Shaq came to Houston and got rocked like base... man we don't play
them shits pop up on shoe blogs damn near daily... a lot of corny niggas out there
just listened to ”QueenS” .....i'm sold. Dope, love their sound!
haha, yeah, loyalty, or not wanting to answer questions about events.
sent me the video !
Long, yet exciting weekend ! Tons of dancing, lots of fun, and loads of inspiration!
I cant wait either! Of course since I don't have cable I have to go to someone's home and watch it.
For a brief moment just now I channeled my inner black woman. There was a big spider. "oh, hell no" #directquote and I blame
Its the last day of classes. Damm, I really finished my first year of college. That's a huge deal to me. Still got three to go though.
I wanna like buy her new album!
isn't the 2nd #AmericanU related #MTP Trivia winner in recent weeks?
are you stopping in MD?
Edinburgh forever indeed! Wish we were all at Nokia Theater right now
Who is the best summertime band?
Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes. Mahatma Gandhi
#IfYouWereSmart youd suck that dick! if you dont ... theres a dusty bitch who will.
I tend to not follow if someone is doing more than 15 or 20 unless I know them or they are interesting.
Getting fried the first day of vacation....
Goodnight fellow APUSHers, may the odds be ever so in our favor tomorrow
we missed this! Will they be doing it again?
sorry Amy, ill be at the game
I hate whiny bitches... cowboy up boy!
Ikr I got the video and everything on ph1and I'm listening to it rite now lol
Yes! Thanks 4 sharing. ^staff RT 'It's never too late for you to embrace an audacious vision for your life.'
Follow me!!!! let's see if I can get to 300 folloers by midnight
I regret that I hung on to every word, cause your voice is the worst sound that I've ever heard.
lol no one, I was JS, about this girl..;P
bookclubs and motivation are both way overrated
Thanks for following us! Do you review apps?
RT : #AtosOrigin EVP is speaking w NA Sales & Markets group about 2010 initiatives. Heavy influence on INNOVATION
Happy Halloween everybody.
Killer time tonight with super classy and annoited man of God. come out Rita Ranch Skate Park tomorrow! skate, food, fun!
People that text with commas make me laugh. No one pays attention to that stuff
he'll be good but it prolly won't be at San Fran though. He's got Frank Gore and Brandon Jacobs ahead of him.
Ima be on bad girls one day
everything good. Had a turkey at my sisters crib. How was your thanksgiving day?
man, I had accepted that someone may have taken it by now, but it was still on the table all lined up with the salt and pep ...
and there's lots of em tonight.
Somebody needs to invent a mirror that takes pictures...
that stupid crap that keeps me in? It's time to win, me and Dez want something to come back to! #only doing it 4 him!
Can't wait for the new light to arrive! Look out Sun, your days are numbered! #exciting!
champagne, o you know i like to keep it classy haha
you are so inspirational! Everyone else, you should follow this guy, he's amazing. :-)
Follow me on Pinbookertwit!
can you see my texts? is she fucking crazy or what? omg! this is exactly why i like attached women... they all fall in love fucking curse!
Damn imma Be a busy girl ......
Walking on a sidewalk. A pigeon just cut me off.
I mean it could be worse.
followed,follow back?<3
Movie Night. $1 Dogs. Burger and fries $6!!! Tomorrow is Steak Night and Football! Open at Noon on Sat and Sun for football!!
as you should!
ma friend stephanie is blaming me for her bf instead of blaming him wanna see more like y she thinks that tell me or ask me n I'll tell u
Hi JWL Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Heard this crazy #Coachella rumor that tupac came back as a hologram. Whatever. Like that happened.
Really cold in Jerusalem! Hail falling in the capital (snow expected SAT night) and 1st graders saying "Snow, snow, I cant believe..."
Lord Daniel Brennan QC, Chairman of Juridica, said: “These are positive results and we look forward to a coming year of significant perform…
Twilight was ok but I will never go to a marathon again
it wasn't him at all. It was me. Sometimes when I date a guy after the 1st week I get super annoyed with everything they do :/
Sure wish macs were more user-friendly. All I want to do is illegally copy dvd's, is that too much to ask for? apparently....
I will seriously do anything to get the hell oh of this house right now
RIP Steve Jobs
Glad to hear! What dish makes your stomach growl the most? :)
just got put in the friendzone -.-
TeamSwaggin thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Ppl with less followers, have them, because their comments are rude & distasteful.
WTG Chris!! RT : Take that or whatever ur name is! Can't argue with facts about housing bubble huh?
#Transportation at #StirOSU - Central Question: How do we get from here to where we need to be?
“: Brilliant radio promotion, or one in bad taste? << what a great idea! Love it.
Just saw Black Swan; wish I was an AMPAS member so I could vote for Portman. Advice to other Best Actress nominees: stay home, it's hers.
2 goals in extra time? Wow. Congrats, Man City...
Take out seton hall today, u guys got this
Posted to facebook about my frame being cracked, today I'm followed by a bike repair company on Twitter. That freaks me out a little.
I'll be there!
I get that all the time xD
Forever sending my sister into the TCBY I used to work at to get me ice cream so I don't have to face my old manager.
sorry! Night =)
NICE!!! So happy you loved our tunes! Sory for the late reply - what was your fav song??
Tweet by made my night-- thanks!
“I never did give them hell. I just told the truth, and they thought it was hell.”
I enjoyed it too. Mellencamp is like Indiana football. Not good.
Getting you pumped for the 405!
You know it! Mostly, it's to keep the two separate... because librarians tweet too much. :P
can't believe christmas is 2 weeks away. It feels longer than that. It doesn't even feel like december yet.
tomorrow 2nd hour will be the longest class of my life. how i dislike math.
i think that and couple name should be Nickus. lmao
Shouts out to my lil bro and the fact that we
me either
Truck #1 is rolling now
Chick -Fil-A :)
They say you don’t feel red wine until you stand up. Along those lines, I don’t feel coffee until I click “Sent Mail”
Are you really gonna go?
Please head to Capitol Hill, preferably near Capitol South metro. We all need a cool treat during recess.
You're gonna stand there an tell me you don't have one single whistlin kitty chaser?
RAWK! It's a good decision. Let me know how it goes!
Remember it's the last day to early vote!
Furious about the name change, but you'll always be wagon wheeless to me
We'd love to know how sees the importance of music in communities
Only cool people own mythical creatures
The Serenity Prayer should always be written in a mixture of Chinese and future-cussin'. /via
The schedule for June and July looks absolutely amazing.
those are amazing!
too late. Next year?
Now Following ..
yes. Damn that was a fun movie.
Thank You I fa sho did some studyin for that test and I'm glad I did
Who won an historic New Orleans housing court case in 1927, that still did little to help the racial discrimination?
“ Where its at tonight !?”
This niggah beside me under arms boof like shit
Fair tonight with my girls! <U+E32D>
damn angry birds Rio, and seasons!!!
Ladies free drinks tonight after party
Brian Klemke wrote: Up way to frickin' early after going to bed so late. Recorded the Pimp and Ho commercial last night for WJJO.
it was great seeing you at #C21GC thanks for imparting your wisdom bro!!
follow me please MB ( PRODIGY ROC PRICETON AND RAY RAY ) i love you!! 1-4-3 .....
appreciative it guys!
does anyone have an extra ball screw for a piercing?
Looking forward to seeing your special guest! Been to long!
You can actually design your own laptop.
Currently have no math teacher.......shes sitting in the next room cause she dosnt think she has a class
There is no such thing as 'normal' pain. The pain is telling you something is wrong. If you don't know what it is, seek professional help.
I enjoyed the presentation yesterday by
First ECA/A/E outreach team lunch sans We'll try to recreate the "What's Potbelly's" joke but wont be the same
I love my dad(:
All things public under assault. The party named for Res Publica, "public matter," should be called The Reprivatans from here on out.
SANTINO....I saw u in tonight's outfit once before......in a WET DREAM.....DAMN U LOOKED SO F___N HOT.....!! Time 4 bed...!!
thanks sweetie
Roger likes it rough
howdy. Lol and sure (:
Yep, looks nasty.
I know but he's just so impossibly handsome and manly.
oh come on it's Madden
Morning Workout Time!
Good Morning World
A debt consolidation bad credit loan is definitely utilized buy in
i know!! it is gonna be hard.
it's faded, so now it back blonde.
Happy New Year!!
Wow is changing my tweets :(
i have tickets for Bone Thugs -n- Harmony (2/5/11) & Theophilus London (2/6/11) at the stay tuned for info on how to win 'em
Hey ! Are the unwiches $1 today too?
damn.. The site is down for maintenance????? Wtf?
I'm sorry baby sweet dreams I love you *kisses* @>----- <3
enough already with the airports! PS do you have a voice today?
lmfao! Ima spray yo ass in the eyes with some cleaner
way to text me back!
Feels good to have the car back! Now let me quit tweeting-while-driving... !
Lancashire is top London pick Lancashire is top London pick. Lancashire has again been highlighted as the standout pick among London mark
RT : As I get older I find it's better to have just a few "real" friends rather then many fake ones
shoulda never let so much time pass by
anytime :p haha
I wanna go to Cedar Point for a day but I'll wait till ppls free passes start rolling
LOOKOUT: Backstage interview with coming soon!
Hi Snap-on in CA! There is no call-in number, but you can tweet to #uwebc questions or comments.
Got tickets to 's Benson Interruption of "Cocktail" on Jan. 13 You should too!
I just left my daughter's 5th grade 'promotion' ceremony. It was nice. We are all very proud of her. Way to go Megan!
How did the interview go?
I just try to be the best I can be and hope that is the best ever. -Tiger Woods
uh oh Peggy Peggy Peggy help
I was finna say where they do that.
Thank you for the support!
A CPA can help ensure that you’re not paying more taxes than you need, and they can help you hang on to every cent possible in a legal way
Time to see if Narveson has any Nervesons, amiright?
I am not a whore I am not a whore BUT I LIKE TO DO IT
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? Breasts don't have eyes.
Eavesdropping but thank you for this convo and words of wisdom re:fear. Truly heard today after a tough day yest!
My printer ran out of ink while printing out stuff for my strategy file
Hi Tiff, Winners Will Be Announced This Week! have you announced the winners for new country star contest
I couldn't build an app for the life of me but this sounds like a great idea!
Goodnight everyone! goodnight Austin. I love you! - would you like to be my 300th follower, you know what to do.. -
Watching Easy A
Can't image any other team is close, right? RT : Pretty sure that's 5 squeeze bunts for the Brewers in 26 games. 3rd suicide
People are pissing me off. And my dumbass teacher made us come out side to sit for an hour with no shade. I wanna go home.
A win against one of the top rebounding/defensive teams IN THE LEAGUE friday would mean something. Don't get hyped over beating the Portland
I'm still following you, even though we disagree, lol. :)
Capturing the Friedmans! Well... maybe not. Had to mention it somehow. RT Rare thing for doc to witness people falling in love.
Ha! Madge being the worse offender of all...
RT : Pacific Tsunami Warning Center cancels tsunami warning for Hawaii.
JUST ANNOUNCED: www.jsonline.com/entertainment/musicandnightlife/89883517.html
Does he believe in superiority of NL ball? Hard to turn down a Nats-fan educator.
AWW I'm sure theyre not plotting revenge all the time,some of the time theyre probably just holding a grudge haha
Great ass weekend so far
Blog, Blog, Blog, Who needs a Custom Blog? Anyone who can't afford a full blown website but needs exposure. Tweet me for examples or help..
I agree on the Thin Mints. Have you tried Dryers Thin Mint ice cream?
Totally agree!.. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
.. Now...MOVE THE CONVENTION!!!
this swisher is a great way to start the night (;
Just saw #Avengers a few hours ago. Hulk stole the show!
Where's everybody gunna get shitfaced n taken advantage of tonight? :-)
totally missed your writeup. Will look for it now
Daniel Aleshire of ATS to speak at CHEA's Annual Conference. Read more at www.chea.org/About/2010AC/2010_ACIS_Final.asp
Send us home, man.
we broke up, and it was spreading truth by request of many twitterers, not airing dirty laundry. peace <3
I thought so too. Vick villified for dog abuse, Chris Brown gets Grammy for domestic abuse.
When no texts me <
Is emotionally damaged the new black or something? -shakes head-
chain-gang niggah on da raise.
I love your profile pic, beautiful!
ohh. I'm guessing you like it? :)
Muffin Top Blast!
Show rehearsals on the way.lol
To use Or Not To use Google Adwords | CUNY GC Sociology Web ...
The most embarrassing thing happened to me :(
too bad....we were thinking about a #vuvuzela premiere this morning!
I'm not sure if this is supposed to be cute or if there is something serious wrong with that panda. :P
Rip larry munson
I think we should reword "engaged" to "engaging" first, what do you think?
We knocking the heck outta #MyBucketList... I <U+2764> these #SuperSaturdays!! #CampingBound is gonna be INSANITY!! Y'all are too much!
Well , idk why I have one... RT : lol im straight! =)
RT : Rioting leads to pollution. I expect more of you.
Awww you rock! I'm gonna try my best, senior year's is going to be awesome! :)
hey punk today is my birthday could you please wish me a happt birthday? thatd be f'n awesome
WHY MUST OUR BATHROOM/SHOWER OVER FLOW NOW?!
No new ideas @ prom rec reading & lasted less than 1hr for a 2hr block! Off to find another session
you can dm/ email it to me or you can contact him at
Don't fret your 15 is almost up RT Dad Addresses Viral Laptop Shooting After Daughter's FB Post [QUOTES] - on.mash.to/yMfEaf
There is only one terminal dignity - love.
Juliet Simms. Damn. I'm looking forward to an album from her.
i dont want to follow justin bieber btfo
Angela We're going to give you a special gift when our site is back up and running! Thanks again!
oh. It's nothing. I'll be okay boo. Dont worry
lol I wanna reach 2k soon..
I want to trust you again
Didn't see dat coming did u *grin.
I got an electric blanket for Christmas!
...Now that we've climbed the Mt. Everest of work problems, I have a game watching date with my Celtics fan twin brother. *happy-dance*
Good luck!! You will beast it up, I'm sure of it!
What a Field Day! I made 81 HF contacts with most of them being on 10 meters. My throat is sore from calling CQ so much.
Hey peeps I need a good suggestion for a book club book? What's one of ur GABA?
I just got done professionally designing my page MYSELF . Had some studying to do but at lease I didn't have to pay $800 for a web designer!
Today was a great day to walk around NYC cool and overcast. Great way to remember the 10 year anniversary of 9-11.
Nasal obstruction primary complaint of many patients, continued use of nasal steroids is a good starting point
rock and undertaker
He says all the right things at exactly the right time
Awww... My heart is bigger only because of all of you here!
Thanks girl!
can't get the live stream to load...
Happy Earth Day!
Love is beautiful when it's shared but ugly when hidden...it shouldn't feel like a burden cuz it's a blessing but many ppl don't agree...so
Happy #easter Hope it's been great! THX for
of course!(:
PLEASE GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT! LOVE YOU :*
Update: Display system is SOLD!
I hope you get it Macy
Watching some college basketball!
Glad you had a nice time!
lol - I know the feeling.
even with the portal. It's ugly
...waiting for: I DRIVE A DODGE STRATUS!!!!
"Do not let a flattering woman coax and wheedle you and deceive you; she is after your barn." - Hesiod
RT Mebbee I will. Mebbee I won't. Just Mebbee. Sounds allot like Mitt!
Thanks, all! I'm favorably disposed.
I'm so proud of the IB seniors
I'm in for Andy today in the FOX 12 Weather Center. I'll have your cool, wet forecast on Good Day Oregon from 4:30-9:00 AM!
thats my baby
So, I'm searching for casting calls. ;o
Bark!!!! That's the sound of my feet...however dons Triumph pub for dinner-seated right away-now to not fall asleep in my food...
soon enough. You just gotta find time in your busy schedule to hang out with me!
Haha you have to wait for that second wind to kick in and you can usually down at least one more bite...then the self loathing.
challenging him to fight to the death. What has saved him is that he hasn’t been able to meet the violence.
Happy Easter :)
thank you man! Keep up the good work!
Watching "The Sitter".....this movie is halarious!..
I can make a good girl go bad..... Lol
OMG. I think I spoke too soon. That walker just shut Dale up in a very gruesome way.
The awkward moment when someone deletes their comments on Facebook and you look like you're talking to yourself.
My bf likes to pretend abuse me in public
at work lol
We had a great time at yesterday's Reston Community Center Pet Expo. A big thank you to everyone who came out and supported us!
can't see GB being passed over for multiple years unless duke/UNC shut down mens bball.
Watching on Ridiculousness with guys are hilarious!
Working on a NEW project. Can't wait to share it with y'all!
Does a tweet suffice for a happy birthday to from her brother?
+~~+_- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
RIGHT? I mean, dude can sing all right, but the way he ends every word with EEEAAAAAA makes me want to claw my ears off.
i tried to get ya name on the ballot for best female rap artist
Getting off for a while...bye
thanks for the reminder!
ALWAYS... stupid fucking people have NO IDEA how hockey works.
Lake Front Beer Battered Sweet water Organic's Perch --- tonight only!
it's ok I won't judge you based on your slippers lmao
What are you kidding me why didn't you say anything? I'm so sorry I had no idea but why didn't you say anything? !*)
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish. - Tony Robbins
Flash Flood Warning here in Dayton...they just came on TV and said "move quickly to save your life" Wow they are serious here in Dayton
Very pretty!! :)
I can say that I've had the best time at #NGS2012. There are so many smart, passionate, funny genealogists. Learned so much my brain hurts.
Our first ever power outage! Exciting times on the hill...
Padres just turned a triple play vs the mets
who has the worse fan base.. sixers or hawks, I think its a tie.
#know12 David Smoley on now: CIO OF Flextronics. Mad tech world: breaking tradition, behaving differently
Now i understand how got bullied even more.
Disparity in school discipline in MI: African Americans make up 20% of student population as a whole, but 39% of expelled students
Watching stepbrothers with boyfran (:
Go Owls! Temple vs. SFU in about 45 minutes
Possible: FREE Issue of KIWI Magazine « Free stuff
watchin' a movie with my bestfriend . text me (:
I'll cross mine for ya too!
Even though my dog has lived on a golf course for three years he still barks when he sees golfers. So annoying
lmao gotta love !
so 250 is put of the question???? Hahahahaha
"been benefitted" is terrible grammar by the way lol. Didn't realize I put that
If you want to convey urgency, if you want to change minds, you need to see a human face.
Complete sleaze...but hey, its Friday RT : Do you feel like a TMZ "reporter"?
He that is busy is tempted by but one devil. He that is idle, by a legion. ~Thomas Fuller
please follow me!<3333
how was prom?
Joe, according to NFL scouts?
They stole my boys ipod when we catch him were gonna steal his life
Yah so dam sad.
pain fills the heart and becomes heavy not allowing me to sleep thoughts of what if coulda been should of been or could of been come to mind
Grad students: have you registered for your next course? Contact your Program Chair to set up your class for Monday!
Were missing Shump A LOT. With Stat out, we could have moved fields to SF. I guess we can still do that & have Smith start
I'm so tired and I hate my stepdad does anyone know a hitman?! JK JK :/
Please excuse Gordy from school today, he left his brain on the subway.
Third time I've lost my keys in 2 mos - so frustrating, ugh :/
you are correct!
If we allow Kardashians to marry, we should allow gays to marry.
when r u free
I will tnks so much
Plus I had to find out on Facebook #humiliationheapedonhumiliation and a book tower collapsed this afternoon wiping out the health tent.
420 Fail: Rolled up and ready to spark, but no lighter....wtf...smh!!!!
I seriously loved his jacket. I didn't see the problem.
ravins at Monroe dude I was hoping thEy wouldn't get him
RT : "Only 20-25% of humanity actually uses the Web at all." Tim Berners-Lee
"Are there any guys in your dance class?" "oh yeah." "don't they know that dance is for girls?" This really made me angry. VERY VERY ANGRY.
thanks for contending for the faith.
#ogw Seattle CIO: Deputize also means giving citizens tools to do better block watches, like crime data.
Looking forward to tweeting with you!
hey there.. how are you? Haven't heard from ya for a while.. thanks for the mention today!
did u do LA
Early signs of periodontal disease: Increasingly foul-smelling breath
yes sir we sure do!
I hope the #Lakers get rolled this game.
Running on 1 hour of sleep! Ugh FML
Why wouldnt they let her go? Its free food for her!
Who are these people who applaud mention of capital punishment and laugh at the plight of the uninsured?
O tempora! O mores!
Trying to focus on this exam, but OKC and LAL are about to play!! Ah! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>OKC!!
good shit yesterday man
Sounds great, thanks for the shout and for thinking of us!
I'll have an answer for you Monday latest. I expect we are in.
I Don't Follow TeamOMG
I actually liked avengers. Thought it would be extremely corny, which it was, but I liked it.
What moron ruins the greatness of prunes by stewing them? Prunes are a raw food people.
Nice outing, Clay.
They are playing FOR CP3.... Dude gotta be hurting.
Thanks bro RT : Everyone follow his music is tight and his beats are on fire
WITTY WED: Why do we press harder on a remote control when we know the batteries are getting weak?
Raising children in stairwells and from couch to couch is something that I am NOT going to support. We need to find more $$ for shelters.
So Mayweather's entourage: Bieber?! Really?!
#3Days.. I'm ready
Houston you have a problem. Brad Mills is an idiot!
will be releasing their newest song "Sugar Rush" in one week! Be sure to get it on July 20th! Trust me, you'll love it!
watching Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol then study the rest of the day for my history exam
But I'm the boss .
I love aquamarine
'We aim to fees.' -Ticket Master
If you could buy a house anywhere in the world, where would it be and why?
I'm stupid? smh, just drop it damn.
My Milkshake brings all the boy to the yard and they're like "it's better than yours." Damn right it's better than yours. I could teach you.
Thank you for your very kind words! I am so pleased to know you love your Canyon Group robe!
My son started walking at 8 months and he's been going ever since.
#oomf is just to cute
NOW I WANT LOBSTER. thank you for supporting my cravings.
looking forward to tomorrow's #gasparilla race in
Trying to find people
#Trollhunter was pretty awesome. If trollology was a subject, Id study it.
I just had a life changing experience.
follow me please (:
neat watching you two. Thanks for catching
#MyBiggestProblem running out of money for abortions.
A year ago today I moved to LA! So crazy how time flies, I'm so lucky to be surrounded by great roommates and friends!
This BABIP bullshit needs to end.
Is it me or does baron Zimo dress like a pimp?
Actions are able to prove why sometimes words mean nothing.
Oh man, that's still funny. :)
Looking for sample letter to send parents explaining blogs for highschool students
Uggghhh...school in the morning
Guess that means im "techanically" in love with Justin Bieber
Don't complicate my life with your mediocrity.
. on stef's diagnosis: This is an opportunity to make a difference
thats cool but what about the rest of the us? like West palm beach fl would love to see U!! so please enough texas and ca!!
Face it you're never bringing them home you damn lying asshole using that part as an excuse to be elected president.
so sad I missed your performance at Hotel Cafe =( =(
you bet!!
Thanks for the retweet.
Boxwire #BizTip: The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire. Customers just don't fall in your lap, get after it!
Damn, what I’d do to have you here?
I seen your videos on vimeo
hey I have a question for u, r u doing playgrounds this summer?
Let's go grizz!!
#20ThingsAboutMe there's a fine line from me liking someone & thinking they're cute.
clean my house :(
Back at it #internship #dowork .......3 more days till playtime in #seattle !
Bridesmaids is so much funnier than Hangover Part II. Run to see Bridesmaids. You won't regret it.
RT : Coffee trivia: it takes 42 beans to make 1 cup of espresso
good call on
welp...prayer is what gets me through ALL reps LOL
Sigh. Everyone is ignoring me. But, its good.
Yes, anarchy and chaos would predominate. World ends kind of stuff.
Thought of the day: “Google can bring you back 100,000 answers. A librarian can bring you back the right one.” — Neil Gaiman
Show choir concert tonight. get to see some really awesome people. :)
Can't believe I'm gonna be 14 in a few dayss..
I had a custom romaine toss with carrots, edamame, dried cranberries, and blue cheese with balsamic dressing. The best!
False alarm. Apparently, someone tried to break into the pool. I swear it wasn't me! :)
And not caring about things that do: ie. monetary policy.
I may be deep..philosophical and wise, but I am girl...and I just bought the cutest shoes...on sale...
Whenever I run into the Gross downstairs neighbor, I hear in my head Hannibal Lecter, "We begin by coveting what we see every day..."
Ive been crying all night if u rt this i would be happier *DoNt.HoLd.YoUr.BrEaTh<3*
.... haha I've been hung up on everytime I've called xD for like the last two minutes
holocaust museum on saturday or what
Lmao i know what u mean ": Watched the passion of the Christ on Netflix......I shouldn't have!"
I miss the drunk nights of dancing to "Don't Stop Believing" with
investors are not panicking in the face of political and economic uncertainty, a positive sign for continued recovery in 2012
We are brooms! Wish i was going to disney on ice this year.
we'd be honored to throw a retirement dinner !
Dolphins were solid last season with Matt Moore at QB so if Tannehill can live up to his expectations then they will be a
quite an awesome email at that
People are so dumb to have a "Secret" Relationships they are really a moron for doing it lol
is all ready to join Patriots. Signed this morning.
“: Always, there is a reason they only let u do it 18 times RT : Always tee up an iron on par 3's?”
Tonite, take the PLEDGE at Wild Thursdays! $5 w/College ID until 11 pm! 21+ Free b4 11 w/STYLUS text! Hosted bar + drag show! Victor Hotel!
Really!? I can't believe they changed the name of this rivalry to "red river rivalry" instead of the "red river shootout". Stop this anti...
Madden relates talk w/ then-Speaker Craddick when he got Corrections chairman: don't build more prisons, they cost too much.
Trying to perfect my e-portfolio is becoming an endlessly experimental task. Luckily Dreamweaver seems stuck in permanent free-trial mode.
Off work and now I do believe it is time for a nap :)
We're @ a major food show in Anaheim. The International Deli Dairy Bakery Association. Booth#3372. Free samples!
Batman is epic :D
love my HATERS!
#SouthWindsor CT gets their first today! So glad to be here and glad the rain didn't come!
The Simply Sweet Shoppe of Carmel, IN NOW HAS A TWITTER!!!
it won't a bad game, we just made them play our game
Do what it takes to follow your dream! Don't ever give up or let go only adjust and move forward. You are a blessing to others "Smile" LG
Rule Number 1 Don't Be a Booty Call
Not over yet
I'm late, but I'm catching up on Smash, and some of this stuff is hitting home - hard! (I've been replaced by a celeb. - it sucks.)
Kinda stuck drinking Alaskan Barley Wine. :)
Ah, spring, the cruelest of seasons. Like a lover that keeps sending mixed signals.
Remember tickets are now on sale for our show on January 21st here in lubbock, tx. Get them at any united supermarket or select-a-seat loc.
I can't believe today is my last day of class. 2 years have gone by like lightning. I'm scared.
I'm waiting
": there'll be a re-match, i'm sure!" I'd rather see Condit vs myself
I have a feeling you make up some good BBQ.
Guessing mayor hasnt spent hour standing on bus. Passengers calm though. RT : Mayor asks all residents to remain calm during outage.
aww poor kid. :( hope he feels better.
TGIF! We're ready for Fusion Fridays with music mixed by DJ Stix, guest host Danger, and live drums by Chris B!
omg! My stomach hurts so bad :((
AWESOME WELCOME BACK!!!
lol he can teach me how to get better at math !!!
We still on?
I don't see how some of y'all stay tweeting every 5min 24/7 365. You can't be working.
They are zoo keepers and every body knows at this zoo a zoo keeper's tail grows longer each time they tell a lie!
Let's go Heat !! kick up time big dog !!
Good thing I bombed stats. Kimmie is not pleased.
I definitely heard it through the 8 bus window last week on Greenmount too haha.
thanks a bunch!!!!
Follow any dreams in your heart.Your always special in anyway you are.Above thousands stars rise the sky.Question wat am i gonna do in life.
Aw so cute!
I was falling off the upstairs :(
I just read it and thought it looked cool... I guess I was wrong.. All that information is crazy
It will be videotaped so check the website after the concert.
No, a paper for another class. I think I'mma just start prosem and give up on this one for now. lol. U started prosem?
One of these!
I just look at my room and think it's such a lost cause..
I had a very light dinner so I'm hungry as heck now. How are you and Sky?
#7 "I need glasses, I told you that before."
The latest recipe by was just consumed by yours truly and boy was it awesome!
Well That Just Put A Disgusting Yet Hilarious Image In My Mind! (:
day 1 of bridgepocalypse commute completed in 1 he 20 min. w/o incident. good call taking I71
Chuck Norris doesn't use pickup lines, he simply says, 'Now.'
Nicholas acting stoopid .
Nick Perry welcome to #packernation you'll be a great 1-2 punch with
uhh huh come on after the club strip when i get u home strip we on that grown shit.....
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet. Oppenheim, James
+RT : Praise to allah on that one RT Like, Smash Simmons Is A COLD Muslim Rapper.
Bug spray is whack man..Avon skin so soft is still the SHIGGITY! LOL!
If I Die Tomorrow no one would care :(
Good morning Drew! Have a great session!
all i did was post it, man. but that is a live fucking track, so plz don't stop!!
phew! Thanks.
Had a great time at UFI. Thanks to the organizers, the venue and the sponsors for a GREAT time!
u wanna see the smurfs movie? What tank got new?
“: It is possible to be active in the church and less active in the gospel. #ldsconf” something to think about!
Ya know, Tosh.0 is kind of annoying. -___-
loved it! You should write a book. I am Binnee, hear me roar.
Can't wait to visit tomorrow for Mindy's birthday!!
Beth just fell in gym!!
my name is amy elliott bragg and I love
I think I got it figured out. Thanks for your help!
no problem! Sounds very reasonable to me ;)
One step closer (:
Obesity figures are troubling. New trends need to be countered in some way.
For them to put music back on. RT Amazing MTV Pilot #Casting Now! What are you waiting for?
dear ipod shuffle: thank you for switching from elliot smith --> death cab for cutie. i forgot about how awesome the past was
FASHION TIP: Patterned & textured tights -- make a good outfit great -- get some today!
lol ok. You have really cool eyeballs I like them
if your language has a history of being set well, take a hint from that history. English is *not* Italian.
Hi Tyler, sorry I have not tasted your wines but I perused your website and I'm betting they're excellent. Are they in Texas?
#hitrunthrow deserves the hash tag
Also, MISS YOU!
Can't wait for vacation
so, you delete me off facebook, and unfollow me on twitter, I've NEVER spoken to you lmao, smooth.
some kids vaccine thing... Your welcome haha
Agreed, but there's only so much one guy can do.
What if instead of elevators, we used ferris wheels?
Somebody needs to hire Linda Cohen on ESPN a stylist... Good reporter bad dresser!!
We have posted an update at rocketheartrecords.com concerning the shipping of More updates to come.
wow/sounds great: im A-BLOWN, away, E! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> RT Just pan-seared fresh Morro Bay abalone that + scored on shoot
Shrook is bringing me an iPod later >>
Its the weekend so I'm movin' like Bern!
Just saw your new hair color in your picture! #loveit <3
i got you bro
Spurs & Heat u mean right
Paige Hemmis from Extreme Makeover "Home Edition" will be on-air with us in minutes...blonde day is on
We have some exiting stuff coming up! Thank you guys for all your support :)
we are working on that soon!
#YUM indeed!
Today is National GRILLed Cheese Sandwich Day! Anyone see an important word in this post??
jeez! Two weeks later is that soon enough? You should text me, I need legal counsel for my shenanigans
I hate driving through Pennsylvania...... <U+E411>
That must make day-old pound cake the Nickleback of desserts.
haha ya i posted that a while ago!
- Thanks for the tour and bbq ribs. We appreciate you as a supplier - #APLD Phx AZ Distric
the "No Sale" group is meeting here tonight. Great turnout! They've basically taken over the place.
Excited for a little date night tonight w/ , sorry , you have to hang out with grandma tonight!
RT : thanks for the shout out! Happy Monday!
Cast our votes!
I dreamt that I was race car driver. My gear bag was the size of a car & required 4 people to carry.
Tomorrow Tues. Feb 2th 3rd Annual Kick-Off event! Steve Aoki spinning in the Wynn. Presented by Puma.
HA perfect : fixed RT : Who's gonna do it, you? You Lt. Leivenberg (last one from me.This could go on for days)
Super pissed that someone dinged the hell out of my door. #c'monman
Working with 2 amazingly photogenic actresses today...getting some great shots!!
we should
yeah it's hard to find a good one and one where people are professional about it too.. we're doing pop/rock
Back in SB. Looking forward to a great new year, a great new semester, and great new faces.
Ugh I have chicken legs ! How do make ur legs grow fat?
haha yup you were wrong
dang Ur shows are awesome
you're confusing me if you're serious hit my phone
So sorry about sweet son being bullied by teachers. Posted your website link, video in 19 of my LinkedIn groups & tweeted.
sorry he's fine but he's sick rite now sore throat
how long does it usually take for a session to be available for download?
Gave up a cushy seat so 2 friends could travel together. Now sitting next man typing on iPad w the volume on. Wheres the good train karma?
YAY!!!! where are you girl???
": Play #drawsomething w/me? I'm DaNapkin. Great viz thinking practice. You *must* play"> THIS is who u should play w/!
Someday we'll find it, the Rainbow Connection.
don't use it professionally at this point.
I fully appreciate biscuits and I am offended by any suggestion otherwise
Thanx ken, u rule!! RT : wow you guys like the best music, and I can't wait to buy your new record on June 12!!!
GOP is a pile of liars who think we know nothing about their misinformation campaign! #waronwomen NOT MYTH #lovebigoil NOT MYTH!!!!!
I want some tgi Fridays..
Tyler Champagne will shoot two commercials this week! Now that's a booker!!!!!!
omg that's amazing! you're very talented! i bet she'll love it :)
I Cried When I realized my grandma has more of a social life than I do
Taco Shop on University Ave delivers
This bitch on fb pissed me off with the comment she left on my uncle's status..I see why my sisters never liked her ass
Wish I could do that.
Little bitches get out, we don't want no skinny bitches! Big booty bitches!
You must empty your cup before it can be re-filled.
I just saw Hatchet for the first time! Sorry to be so late to the lovefest, but it's now a favorite!
tailgate time!! Yeahh buddy ;)
Us too! Stay tuned for chic handbags from these savvy sisters =) RT : is excited to work with !
lmao! I wouldn't come down too. The city is a mess! I don't know where yet. I'm doing some interviews. More likely Mississippi
Lame. RT If Pats-Dolphins game goes long, Raiders-Broncos would start on ESPN2. We will alert viewers if this happens.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, it would make me very happy. It is only a button please.-65
yeah, I assumed that. but good to hear!
I will give you 47 dollars and a male hooker if you eat that!
So heartbreaking to see the effect Junior Seau's suicide has had on his family. They are utterly destroyed. No such thing as "closure."
And they will all now google "trapper keeper" lol
That's just too funny
Um, worry about yourself.
NEW FEATURE: Tides in the USA.
I LOVE HER STG
RT #Aquarius go off what YOU show them. Not what they heard.
if you close your eyes sounds like Tom Hanks. Important info...
well Dale, you get my vote for sexiest pre-law student in Wisconsin!! <U+E405>
Someday I'll get to bed at a decent hour.
Oh that one, no
I have you all over my binder and when ppl ask whos that I say only the best singer in the world, Isint he cute?,,, Very
Those of you that purchase music downloads, what service(s) do you like to use? iTunes? Amazon? Bandcamp? Something else?
Some of the take always from #NABShow for me: Sliders, sliders & more sliders. 4K cinema is old news bring on 5K! (1/???) cont.
hello did u get my text
Right? I'm practically "asking for it."
"When you see me in da streets remember, YOU DON'T KNOW ME"- of the realest lyrics wrote!
Grammy time!
new speakers announced for Books in Browsers 2012 at the Oct 25-26!
I wanna learn Latin.
Has there been a more "frustrating" Royal in the GMDM era than Hoch?
Sent in my request to join!
he's more Ghandi than that. He stands there, all 6 Jamaican feet, and quietly wiggles his fingers. If it scored me an exit....
Bryce Harper has a repulsive haircut
Can your new city handle the greatness of the homance 24/7? Congrats on the good news. Cheers!
I was so confused when I saw you in my mentions then I remember YOU tweeted from my phone
AVX Delivers World&#39;s First Validated Conflict-Free Tantalum Capacitors
I say no, but you never listen to me and then I end up right. But idk..just do what you want honey. It's your relationship.
that lucky old wade shot bo
Apartment hunting in NYC. Any tips or advice? I'm going bonkers.
Everyone always talks about the early bird. How about the early worm? How'd that work out for him?
Give that person my address.
On the #Cavs on TV & they interviewed owner Dan Gilbert & he stated that the Cavs were close to acquiring a 3rd 1st rd pick b4 the deadline
I couldn't see much more coming from beiber. He seems like he's on his outskirts of being all used up.
Woke up to drama.Didnt involve me but when its peps I know then it does.I feel so bad for fathers who raise there kids w/ lil girls!
yea i do , Lol sis remember that day u was at my house and i made my nephew hit his head . Lmao
But this time not for you, just for me.
MAKE SURE TO CATCH ME FOR ANOTHER CRAZY NIGHT @ RELIC LOUNGE TOMORROW NIGHT...
don't post pictures of the pens you bastard
Keep calm and carry on!! :D
I love the feel of your name on my lips...
What's this "mother's day" people speak of? Ours happen 3 days ago
Uh-oh. That means someone is about to start charging me a lot of money for Shakespeare-related coverage.
DAMN might have to sell the brewery due to shareholders please say it isn't so we all love your
What is your favorite pre & post-race tradition?
You have no idea how incredibly Sarah Lawrence that sounds. I'm actually convinced one of the theatre kids will do that.
#CastleAlways in five minutes!! OMGOMGOMGOMGOMG!!! AH AN IM DEAD.......
Oh ok that makes sense...I might have to invest in one
love you Nialler <3 your US and UK fans adore you
Me too! Especially Mr. Wendell!
Stay tuned...Your iDeals ABQ supports local business and local nonprofits, schools, churches & youth athletics! coming soon
Ive been through some things, please dont hold that against me
Positivity is like water, it will overpower and consume negativity around it
Anytime you play us check the stats my team winning
I will exist on black coffee, fruit, vegetables, and water today.
No Problem! >_<
#im tall
HappyBirthday to my baseball bebe love ya (: have a good 17th birthay!
At 11:16 CenterPoint Energy reports 2362 #Houston customers w/o power (down by 2000 in the last 3 hours!).
are you still in the hospital? we won last night in your honor.
I'm starting to have Vegas withdrawals...
It's incredible. It will blow you away.
Yeah right. I will use that line. Keep you posted on her response.
The 3 year old I'm babysitting is screaming "I've been shot! I've been shot" while playing house
??? what u talking bout my g??? all i ask was for gear.u said if i need sumthin ask.
I'm so glad you chose me<3
Seriously though... When were you supposed to live?!?
You are very sexy and very beautiful as well! Your AVI pic is absolutely stunning! :-)
I remember I was in the 4th grade when I fell in love with <U+2665>
Watching the Mary Tyler Moore Show for class and reliving my childhood
We're so happy your coming to visit our cool city! Check out a show at #Stage773 while you're here! www.stage773.org
what happen
Just tried a Turtle Bar from Oberweis Dairy for the first time. Delicious!
Should have a couple cage videos up tonight.
We wish to everyone a very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! See you in 2012!
can not believe the packers lost again!! Can not wait for baseball to begin again!!!!!!!
okay i did<U+03E1>
": i dont wanna go to school . wednesday come faster" wednesday? I think you mean friday...
losing you,(:<3
Congrats to our pals ! You guys rock!!!
Try SoLo's Italian Nachos... SO GOOD - Nachos layered w/ mozzarella, olives, tomatoes, pepperoncini's, served with a side of alfredo sauce.
Hey, head, heart, and reality, let's all match up for once.
Happy birthday!! I hope you have a great one :)
I just realized I don't got ur number hit me wit it
Difficult evening ahead. God bless Lou Harry and family.
(cont) after you've been off strictly for 6 months. I would miss tomatoes the most!
Can't wait to start workingg.
I swear my biggest YouTube crush is on My goal in life is to date then marry him. :D
I can't wait to see mi famila and of course
I need a
Enjoying Lexington for a couple days
Rush Limbaugh is absolutely, horribly terrifying. It makes me weep with rage and grief.
hope youre all recovered now <3 we've missed you! :)
#ISITJUSTME or is the new Dairy Queen commercial so very similar to the Old Spice commercials?!
love it! Thanks!
nyc, you killed another one of my iphones you fucker.
Go get 'em champ.
I'll never 4get u guys!! RT dont forget the little people who discovered u on apprentice. U have a fan in Vegas love.
I still remember the first time I fell for you, I haven't gotten up since.
OW WELL I LOVE ITS FUNNY
"Econoomics is the study of the use of scarce resources which have alternative uses." - Lionel Robbins <== Scarcity is a normal condition.
shame on them
A true friend is someone who wants what's best for you, even if it does not benefit him/her
If you never try, you'll never know.
Does that mean that support for gay marriage in general attitude polls is also possibly overstated?
you just now finding that out lol
so great right?!
bring another aspect of training to your program with the kettlebell training.
I still think a younger person could really clean up with a NYRB personal ad.
awww, thanks baby lol in yeah I'm trying to move on haha I'm looking I guess,
lol she was so weird....she had purple hair !
be sure to follow the band :)
Wow, the slam tweets towards are nuts. The man is at least trying to raise awareness, sheesh.
I like my bitches real thick, lil mo thighs!
thanks for pointing out the voter fraud. Unbelievable what we're reduced to. for #President Shame on
Higgs Boson inverts theory: tries to explain the smallest by the biggest- in explaining a brick's composition by describing a brick house.
Yesterday my wife resigned after 28 years w/ Discovery Toys. They had moved her team under a company favorite - completely out of integrity!
It's #ALLA time. Stop by the APLS and the #geekthelibrary table. #getyourgeekon!
Bridal Party : Taio Cruz, Nat King Cole, and Eva Cassidy: Expert Playlist
Do u just sit on twitter all day long? Seriously you replied in less than 15 seconds..
Please tweet your followers to follow me, thanks in advance
#ThingsMyExsaid "Your the one i desire, cherish, & admire, im here to stay & always be there for you"
what's up you guys have that shoot yet? Love to throw your pics in the homepage of our website
The great thing about spending a few days around a bunch of artist, you end up getting a charge of inspiration for your own work.
Jan Pierce fro Alderman. PS were open.
add me on on ovoo tunitphonzee
Native Foods Blog: Banh Mi for Me
I have a question for you!
and, i'm staying at the same hotel as the boys (as long as they don't change from last time)
I wanted to say welcome on behalf of and we are honored to be on at ! Thanks!
omw to the hospital .
Am getting my hair cut...
NOW FOLLOWING YOU.. FOLLOW BACK BRUH
Just made an appointment with some middle schoolers to get a tutorial in Minecraft. Can't wait 'til Tuesday!
Thinking about adding a fish sandwich to the menu... what do u think?
Welcome back #gwu!!
This team could go down as one of the best ever. But they still have 40 minutes to play. Bring home #8!
RT We live in a world where the definition of success is material toys and being well adjusted to injustice (via )
clouderati was first documented in regards to arguments over rules of membership. how appropriate and telling.
Clunky but did the job. Go forth and neologize some more.
WHEN WE GONNA CHILL?
I wanna do hair at #NYFW !
not convinced that's a real thing.
Well then...
Oh! We had good times! I forgot that you put it on a Matisse exhibition card. So classy, and a nice surprise to find later. :)
have u tried out your raffle prize yet?
cus u play too much!
can't wait for Black Dynamite comic release!
Whatever we focus on expands. Direct your attention to the things you love about your partner. Magnify the good in them. ~mariageminded~
Plastic rap cannot be used as a condom
thx & & others for the great tweets for
thanks for following me :D
Next up for the Supremes-- rehearing the Lochner line of cases?
aw we will miss you here in new York
• If I hang around long enough I'll be there when they need a graphic designer.
Me too!!! Itll be great for both sides if it does!
You too! Xx : WebVocalCoach So much good advice. Thanks & have a great weekend.
Awww i hate saying bye :/
probably just saw a good 10k of taxpayer money wasted on a false alarm. but #SFFD rocked
Don't miss out on THE event of the year - 60th Anniversary Celebration of the AAYTE Court of Dreams Auction! 05/27/2012
Ruh Roh ... NASCAR's favorite heel, #KyleBusch lost his drivers license for 45 days - he pled guilty to 128mph in 45mph zone, earlier today
wasn't he drafted by Bucks and traded?
Happy International Women's Day! How have you contributed to this year's theme of "Connecting Girls, Inspiring Futures?"
thats wat it is , me too , miss you
#ObamaSummerJobs - Hair Grower
haha I was kidding
Stop using my God's name to shame and exclude my son! Just stop it! Carry out your hate and fears in your OWN name!
Bro dont do me like that...&& im mad you gon be in dallas all summer
I hope when I'm done with my test I find out won the players
which one?
In the great words of jeffrey McGee...."his ole toothless momma needs to shut up"
Seeking design inspiration? Nab a #candiedbacon sundae at #honkeytonkbbq in Pilsen, Chicago
this'll be the first nice and sunny day in #seattle in a while. Go outside and enjoy the sunshine. share this if you feel the relief.
bitte schon, danke, koszonom, thanks so much for the germanhungarian notes...I really appreciate it
Just hosted Christmas in July party. Weird roasting a turkey in July heat.
That boy be spitting serious flame. Took you guys long enough to realize it
Agree! RT : What other sport has intentional fouling as a strategy? Basketball, fix that. It's a stupid, boring way to finish a game.
Girl tonight!
Had a great breakfast in Dallas this morning with a few AAU coaches...ready to see these guys in action later this month. Back on the road
Since I have no idea which one will work, I decided to work on 3 biz ideas at once! All involve more creativity, a plus!
Seeking a Case Room Coordinator in #DC! The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of law firm records management experience with a project a…
“: Iv been reading an incredible book full of revelation. "The Necessity of an Enemy" - is one of my favorites!
story of my life.
great! I usually have one mid-day to get me through the rest of the work day and a workout after.
hahaha. I'm happy because the sites working properly I was sweating it for a little bit. Aw that's be sweet
we won. No I didn't score, I play defense you know...
i have a snotty nose and my throat is sore and my chest iss sore and i'm dying.
With her third stolen base of the game, Nerissa Myers set a new #SBCSB Tournament single-game record.
it's that amigo?
Had an easy day today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I always read anything posts (shameful, I know). Anyone have any MUST follow accounts? (Aside from mine, duh).
I love this dirty town
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. --Aristotle
Aww... :c Good Luck with your new Home:3
We're kicking off our Manager Roundtable this Wednesday and we'll be focusing on workplace absenteeism. Join us!
Who's hungry? We open today at 11am. Good morning :)
Hi, there. Thanks for asking! Ordinarily $75/hour but I'm running various specials right now: The first one is 20% off...
I'm not really a big fan of Cher Lloyd. I don't know why, I just never liked her.
Well, if this is it, it's been a good season, especially for my first full season as a #Preds fan.
haha have fun! don't make eye contact
Lmfao!! I.miss you too! You know we're twins! <3
your always be the best entertainer in my eyes michael jackson!!! your #1!!!
me too. I need to see your face soon ;)
In Highschool I dressed up as Naomi from the matrix. I was so happy cause me mom temp colored my hair red streaks!! First time!
Mine won't let me spend over $400 a day.
We already have a few guys on the ground in SF, and we're looking to launch in the Bay Area later this year.
Check out this link to the Film/Media student screening event Tuesday Feb 21st at 7pm at #URI The event is open to the public so come...
Um. Yeah. Alicia from #survivor is disgusting. What a piece of work
always a challenge, go to an island get away from that technology you love for awhile....
Make rub of garlic, rsemry, blk pepper, salt. Rub on rst, refrigerate overnt. Roast until done. Slice thin; Serve w/mint jelly.
I am sick of right-wing haters!
I bought a mystery book present for my dad from
Andreas Raelert was gashed in the head during the swim...
I don't give a shit how many he's won. My point is that losers like you hate on people who beat Justin. It's pathetic.
We need to learn to set our course by the stars, not by the lights of every passing ship. -Omar Nelson Bradley
on the air now!
i feel like watching all the high school musical movies right now
Tenderness is greater proof of love than the most passionate of vows. ~Marlene Dietrich
I really hate DRAMA
One more Geico commercial and I'm switching to Geico!!!!
do you have mean girls on DVD?
We love helping students and tech startups. Email so we can chat
So much for you being a pro.
In the event of inclement weather, pour ice on the steps of burgin dossett hall and see how much quicker school is called off.
damn. is so much more hardcore than I can ever hope to be.
Success is based on persistence not luck ,
talking about those commercials on the Dana show
Now that I got that out I fell better. I'm going to the gym!
RT Philadelphi #CLEAR MARKET was down al morning from 5:30am on!!! whats the deal #CLEAR ?
does that mean you want to see me ? <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
That's true. I suppose Facebook is only as good as your friends are.
Reflection & notes on some in-class reading as my philosophy final ^_^ lol
Thanks for your kind words: Obama on Weaker Pelosi: "Nobody has done more for our country over the last couple of years than Nancy Pelosi."
i gotta put that on facebook lol
it was so good to see you and em last night! you guys are the besT!
What the H? RT : Now the Knicks' Iman Shumpert is down after his left knee gave out with no contact. Looks grim.
Get a green juice with kale for snack. Raw kale contains 206% of vitamin A and 134% vitamin C of your daily value!
okay let me find you doing something else
Ah!! Why did Shane zombify??
UMW runs an ELS program in the offices at Eagle Village students coming to learn English are moved into the Landing
Why are people my friends... In so fucking weird
that's what we like to hear!
i think its gne be a all nighter
GAME OF THORNS!!!!!!
despite the #old feeling, it was a humorous (and shocking) moment for those of us in the know... :)
so... amy winehouse died this morning at 27 years old. Police say its 'unexplained' but oviously it was a drug overdose
no imagining...she was definitely there...beaming!
is currently bribing your physician to recommend an increase in your daily consumption of
#FREEFRIDAYS is on! Bryan RadioNOW is Live at Mavericks tonight! Say FREE at the door, no cover! High five Bryan when you get there!
Lol I'm textin mine too
#MonAmiGabiChi has their patio open tonight. Come stop by!!!!!!
we're all saying things that aren't true ex specially that one more then the rest
Oh great, mad cow disease is staging an American comeback
Back from the gym to find Huston/Joyce's "The Dead" on TV. It's going to be a grand day.~D
Only 2 weeks til opening night! Special opening night tickets include food and drink. All other nights PAY-WHAT-YOU-CAN!...
Best part of going to conferences? We get to see our great partners! Dinner tonight with the cool folks at #Articulate!
Memories remind you of things that you can never forget.
Ayo follow back bro.
Just got my first business cards! Hello life :)
In semi-answer to your Q re: USPS on site We've 100% confirmed a UPS in the Hilton across the street, @ the least!
Merci pour le follow!
Dibens is going to blow up. Steffan maybe? Chrissie could still pull it out.
you say it like its a bad thing o.O
NASHVILLE: Tommorow! *TWITTER TUESDAYS: STAR MODELS & BOTTLES NIGHT* EVERYBODY FREE TILL 11P/$5 TILL 12A! <Please RT*
what up son? how you doin?? I hope all is well and I look forward to seein ya'll soon
Is on the way to the Finance Committee training for new alderman.
Yeah about 20 minutes ago, thanks. Gonna hide behind my desk for a while until Monday behaves.
Visit my website www.myspace.com/ttwnyc09 its still being edited =)
Make sure to follow homie !!!!!!!
I wanna open an apartment complex and name it Limbo. So then the people who live there will have to say they live in Limbo hahaha
every wown is cute,except the ugly ones
taking over College Station
adores the Calvin Klein stretch flare jeans!!!
I'm embarrassed for CNN-this tweet is dumb : Ham House showdown! #MittRomney and #NewtGingrich are double-booked at a SC restaurant
Just had my second radiation treatment. Still waiting to discover what my new super power will be!
My grandma cracks me up lol
Haha. I saw two floating 40's in here earlier, looked like some ghost shoulder press!
If anybody in Gdansk, Cologne, or Rotterdam wants a prelease copy of my new album this week lemme know! :)
. says the old are eating the young economically. What do you think?
NOLA preso on Lewin's life and impact will show 1930's home movies of field theory, link OD tools Lewinian roots
Just finished my meeting with my video producer- so excited for this music video to start filming. Pre Production begins tomorrow.
Watching a totem carver working on a large piece with raven the troublemaker depicted.
I already knew that... Did you see what he did as an exec?
No not yet!! But its in the works!! Don't worry!! :)
At Jones Orchard in Millington. Pecans are in!!!! But not shelled yet...:-(.
There's still room on the bandwagon. Lakers can't keep up this pace for 3 more quarters.
Seriously craving a Godiva praline...succumbing in 5 min I'm sure.
U just wana fall sleep and wake up in someone's arms...
Rain makes me want to sleep. At
RT : Jesus Christ , is this your "beat a dead horse" segment. Maddox, Wallace? You get to resurrect your heroes?
“The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision.” ~Hellen Keller
Girls like "Bad Boys", so I'm telling you now, I'm so bad I just ate a banana without even pealing those string things off!
I feel good. I feel better than James Brown. I feel better now. How do you feel?
What’s your favorite part of the seder so far?
Will be featuring another round of swimwear tomorrow. I'm inspired by her yellow pieces this week. Stay tuned!
Someone made a movie about Tim Riggins, Liam Neeson, and Rihanna saving the world from aliens?
Charlotte airport...Nora's grad was grand...
Heads or tails? I think tails is a lock!!
Best...song....ever!! RT : #RnBThrowBacks Jesse Powell "You"
Exciting news on Snake Creek this morning Moorhens have a chick! Family enjoying a swim & avoiding the dreaded Muskovy Ducks
researching new ways of optimizing energy awareness, adoption, motivation & energy analytics visualization over gaming capotlogy principles
Eat a heart shaped donut.
Every Saturday morning Alex, Katherine and I have cinnamon rolls together while the spouse is on the bike trail. I love this ritual.
Last minute plans to go see the Hunger Games.
Bout to be up outta here
Being a part of a learning community helps people take risks with their own learning. #plpnetwork Friends Baltimore
Hey, just stopping in to make sure you're still alive. Missing the posts...
Those ladies helped to shape the young lady that I am today!!
Good morning everyone!! Hope everyone has a fabulous Saturday! Any plans?
Z100 & Coca-Cola All Access Lounge At 2011 Jingle
I go to sleep to dream because you are my dream. Now, that I have you, my life needs no rest.
Overnight ratings for #NHL Playoff conference semifinals on #NBC over the weekend scored the best numbers in eight years- Nielsen
;) Thank you so much RhondaHansome. We are having fun with the play. Come if you can.
Damn it Nova
Tonto will get one up on the Lone Ranger in Johnny Depp's version of: The Lone Ranger. If filming resumes.
I always fall for your type <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
Hahah my bad yo! I've been locked away recording the past two days
If you have to fight everyday trying to find happiness in it then you really should consider moving on ....
Thanks for the mention!
what is the debate about?
DYK? Sadie T. M. Alexander, one of the founders of the National Bar Association (1925) was a member of DST ..
Whoever this on twitter need a job
marry me?! <3
And I wonder if I ever cross your mind, for me it happens all the time.
Integrated Marketing. Also known as Marketing.
Oh. Word?
technoscience as activism conference in NYC.
Take your rugrat to work today. Best line I have heard so far: "I'm going to start a business sending cows to the moon for all farmers"
Can't wait to X.commerce Innovate Conference. So Exited to see what PayPal, eBay and Magento will show..!!!
jsss got the shower stay fresh
lol very true and the accent unless you have one already
What a deal! A free* tool to easily build cross-platform Epub3 compliant content. (* with purchase of $600-$5000 computer) ;)
I see you're still rocking N.O. Was great meeting you!
Here's an idea: start a school #compost bin and save cafeteria scraps, lawn waste, and shredded paper to celebrate America Recycles Day!
No thank you!! Look forward to Friday.
To lose weight you should get your body moving.
I hate weak ass females. Girls that let their friends or alcohol give them muscles. Grow some balls Bitch!
"Texts from Hillary" is overrated and not that funny
Why the hell is underwear a plural word?
Great episode last night! Congrats!!!
Just snuck into the Palomino kitchen and made a secret sandwich. Ignore the bulge in my jacket.
Too blessed to be stressed
Thanks, Jeff!
dude. Christian grey. Que LE fuck?!?!
Tonight from 8 until 10 Black Acre Brewing will be serving their first 2 brews. Be a part of Black Acre and Irvington history!
dude i was starving!! lol
I believe I actually said, "I don't give a shit about your predictions, Wolf Blitzer. Put the President on."
Mad Men spoilers enrage me. But saying What??/Oh. I think is fair.
I followed !
Excellent news!
ty:( gonna take a break. i'll be back to play though. #ofcourse :P
How is it if one has a 30yr mortgage @ 4% how is it one ends up paying almost double what you borrowed? & they say payday loans are crooks!
Just want to name some of my #favoriteoldschoolartists: Sam and Dave, Donny Hathaway, Sam Cooke, Otis Reading, Curtis Mayfield, etc...
I am watching the BBC show Teachers and it is making me think my job is like being a supermodel...lol total morale booster
Totes have #bieberfever!! If I was your boyfriend!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
Vintage #brides and indie #grooms! Need some inspiration?? Check out for creative ideas for your special day!
is your favourite color gray?:))
To all my Clevelanders the pacers took care of the bitch Lebron tonight!!! We got yalls back
Lifted off that Mango Kush! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008A>
I was just sad about something but then I forgot.... Oh well lol
Going to play some mix games at the bellagio.
#NeverApologizeFor being yourself. if people don't like you that's their problem not yours (:
We're skipping school today. DS is fine, but he threw up yesterday & I think they may have a 24 hour rule abt puking.
more hugs in three days than the previous 362
you got that right! So sweet Reanne! I'll be teaching 2nd grade @ 1:30 though! I'll be thinking of you guys!
ugh... the dreaded facebook page transition. determined to tackle it today.
bought two piono's ,and don't even play.
wuuuut where at?! You biking?
RT : I'm going to have my Multivariable Calc students calculate volumes of n-dimensional balls. Old blog post:...
My whole persona is kinda laid back like a reclina/ ever since a minor I been fuckin with marijuana
Let's see if the monsoon will hold so I can get at least one more round of golf in this year.....
we you at?
Sure. Would be more interesting if they ever could give us an actual % of the population with a personal account. Darn spammers
#sperrywedding2012 talk with and and early #StPatricksDay beers!
you're such a liar.
What a bitch. Lol.
u r now being followed by me lol
YOUR ADORABLE
Good luck isn't that hard to come by - successful people MAKE good luck all the time.
“: After hair-cutting incident, a few classmates lived in terror. "God, please don't let Mitt see my uncircumcised penis."” Lol!
Listened to Wellington for the first time today because told me to and they're amazing(:
great piece on #StructureConf - we had a great time with great conversations!
is one of the best tracks to watch u all race. It is exciting & adrenaline packed.
thank you for a great #buffy story
anytime c: I love your hair, it looks fluffy :o
Pizza toppings get pretty wild worldwide - what's the craziest thing you've ever had on a pizza? Get 56% off Meglio's at www.crowdclick.com
U CAN DEW IT HUSKERS! GO BIG RED!
Financially savvy companies factor their receivables as a powerful method to free up working capital to manage their business.
Thanks to all of beautiful customers for making this an awesome day! We LOVES you, Porgy!
ATTN: will be dropping a NEW freestyle at 9PM..
Too dog tired to avoid danger: Like humans, dogs engage in riskier behaviors when their self-control is depleted Like humans, dogs engage
lemon powerade is DELICIOUS!
just did something that pisses me off..i sucked the joy of business out of lemonade day by overthinking and overanalyzing it
I had no idea u stood for gay rights. I use GMHC's services all the time. And it cuz of ppl like u that I get to keep going!
RT : Im in love with #bartab and its amazing $1 #drinks!!
himself off...lol. Just wondering if mine was the only one that did that. Its hilarious :-)
Just ran into Dana Carvey at my hotel lobby :) He gave me a happy and emphatic hello, too!
#20ThingsAboutMe 2. I love watching movies. (:
Getting pumped for first Philly visit this summer! ISTE first-timer too.
Come on we can get to number one!!!!! <3 :D
I need a mentor with a successful business.
sorry for the late response. I am just starting to use twitter again. New to the # and @ symbol Who's house was it? Great memory
LiveText's Assessment Conference Call for Proposals: March 21, 2011.
Derrick Rose down? No matter ChicagoBulls can still get a championship! #Teamwork and #Faith is whats needed!
Consider it done!
I'm Guna slap him. Lol but I still love my BFF <3 Tehe
no that summons barry manilow!
RIP Guru. "If I wasn't kickin' rhymes I'd be kickin' down doors, creatin' social change and defending the poor." Gang Starr forever.
I thought that was going to be unrelentingly boring until Rickman lost his temper. THAT was entertaining.
For #SOBCon folks & those familiar w/ O'Hare: There was a healthy snack in all the Hudsons that rice bars w/ seaweed. Can't remember brand.
“: About to drop Messiah off...” where????
What's going on at Amazon? Every book I try to buy in the Kindle Store via the website says the books are unavailable in the U.S.
I think enough of us will be there to count as a mob. #ASECS12. List of Amer panels will be going out on listserv soon.
I hate you so much. #attackmode #watchoutbitch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
On our way to LA for the show tonight!
Best way to end say nite, nite: w/ and a drink from
Already pretty geared up for my lunch tomorrow
7-3, Orton REALLY showed those Broncos what they are missing
hahahah this is true
hey they're called iranians, buddy ;)
More than 150,000 Americans die of alcohol abuse each year. But in more than 10,000 years of usage, no one has ever died from marijuana..
Overheard: that shit smells good!! In response to weed coming out of a house off Broadway.
#smwhearst #smw12 & K Alford serving delicious tips at In the Twitter Kitchen: A Cookie Bake-off
Wow. Courage.
yea or u can have Santa Claus do it he's better
don't fight lol
prove it to me that your what i'm looking at
-how did this crap get on my twitt and how do I get it off
we've reunited and are following each other! It's awesome!
is the funniest person on twitter... her tweets have me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
It's one of those nights where you would rather take a zero than do the assignment
After my sixth cup of coffee, I feel like Mario after he gets one of those bouncing, flashing stars
dumb & dumber.
soon? I have all of Season 2 as well which isn't on Netflix!
because hackers don't take defense department money? :)
dont look in the mirror. jk! splash em with cool water
interesting. Haven't seen anything on the news yet.. Pretty curious to find out what the issue was
I saw a frog on the front porch & just shit myself. No lie, I was considering getting a hotel for the night so I ain't have to walk by it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
#trueblood tonight!! Who's watchin? Give me a shout!
damn I just talked to him about that. I'm layed up for a week wit this crazy ass back pain of mine. I can't walk or sit 2 long
okay! Def will!
Now booking for RAW Riverside! We will be booked within the week, please submit asap to showcase in this February 16th event!
I think so
I have officially been #vegetarian for a full month, and I'm feeling great! Next step: get my butt in the gym! :)
cuz u on the east coast....lol..couldn't resist that...;-)
Awesome! Congrats to you and Jack.
What are the three words guaranteed to humiliate men everywhere? 'Hold my purse
@ Arlington National Cemetery
tall hit mebup if yall see sum
they're already looking into it. Ill try following up with them directly. Thx
I love the muppets lol Music = Life <3333
that would be awesome if i didnt already have a class. Been forever since i got to pick on him!
Tonight ! Paddy wagon in Richmond ky!!! Come out if you are in the area!
I'm excited to see. I say "GO THERE"
News Nosh 5.4.12 - Americans for Peace Now
i stopped thanking people for subscribing to my channel. they didn't realize they had, so they unsubbed.
Awesome! Those are some of my favorite places, we should chat.
Moss won't stay motivated if he isn't getn the ball enough.
#GoTribe Cleveland Bound
I got a lil bit left....
getting an oil change and rotating tires at Arlington Nissan.... Home Inspection later this evening
The apathy of Blk folk is absolutely painful to watch. But, non existent sentiments of white folk is borderline sadistic.
Wow really?! So am I.
New classes start next week. Belly dance, lindy hop, aerial silks, salsa! Live the dream!
Look for Bass Masters writer Ken Dukes article on Florida Flipping as he interveiwed Brandon Card BASS Rookie. Wow he throws Jethro!
RT : Who you voting for in the Seattle Mayor's race - J Mallahan or M McGinn? Call our feedback line 206.221.3663 or call at 12:20
A6 Twitter! Need help with Linkedin :) and lately a little thing called #SeeSaw ;)
we r the best
Back to sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Dance show tonightt(:
Hey all you late nighters! Check out our jam "Carnival" streaming on our facebook! Tell us what you think!
Poker Quote of the Day: You can only play pocket jacks 3 ways, all of which are wrong.
well the next best thing beside prom is graduating from that bitch
Bad case of the Mondays (curse you, lost hour of sleep!) softened by beautiful weather outside... Come on in for a cold beer at the Owl Bar
This has been a week full of awesome so far. So much awesome, in fact, that I find myself thinking: how on earth is it only Wednesday?
Ain't no thang! Glad to bump into you briefly.
It is surmounting difficulties that makes heroes. Louis Kossuth
Where will you be?
Working w/ the lovely and talented miss
Yup, Milbury just called the Rangers the "Blueshits". Worse than "Crapitals"?
Smh kicked me out cuz I'm fat
Hope Coal has a light on him. Enjoy the nice weather'
my twitter dun broke on mey
Embroidered shirts, printed tees, custom logos and more. Servicing #PembrokePines #Davie #Hollywood #Weston and the rest of
-Today was great go mhe-!!
were ru
Good Morning Everyone!
Excited to be working with on some amazing projects
Shit at this house be making me mad for real!
call in and bring it you two little girls...pathetic
Hope everyone had a great Easter!
Congratulations to all Barney Award recipients.
hell yes.
The only limits are, as always, those of vision. -James Broughton
RT : The question and the problem is same; Who is your customer? It is not obvious.
I don't care if I'm a teacher and also birth a million kids, I'm never shopping ever again! Unhelpful, horrible customer service!!
your welcomee. And yeah me too
CLARKYYYYYYYYYY. YOU AND YOUR BEAUTIFUL BEARD!
thanks, likewise. Hope you'll consider releasing through us when we open the doors.. ;-)
Yeah Supreme Court!
#OWIF: In anticipation of further shenanigans this year, K preemptively hired a housesitter. It is my goal to make him regret being hired.
“You can never be overdressed or overeducated.” <U+2015> Oscar Wilde
thanks so much for watching the series! and good luck to you if you do decide to do a similar experiment! enjoy the rest!
You're Welcomee (;
wow that's hot. Hahahhaha.
not LOUD just a lil talkative that's all lol
unfortunately they are not your size... 5.5. :(
I know I love you, ain't tryin to let those words slip.
9168229359 text me
You've gotta look for the key holder disguised as a rock.
wish I had resources other than myself haha. That's how my English/marketing to MBA. Totally working for me!
Question 8: What is your biggest turn-on?
thanks! All in all, it's not bad, just tiring. Very tiring. :)
But knowing the Academy, they will give Best Picture to THE ARTIST. I admire the film for many reasons, but the hype just doesn't measure up
i miss u ugly we to hang
Going off grid for a few hours...
If she were male I would.
Cutters, Teter take top spot in 1st practice race - Indiana Daily Student
Nice thank you
the tablecloth is a nice touch.
If i'm ironically being a hipster, does that make me the biggest #hipster of all?
I'm so confused.
I would pay $38376287397337 just to take a pic with 's toothbrush lol:)
"the initiative"? Does this guy work for Dharma?
Email me at and I will add you to our invitation email list...
Tonight I made a thing called Fajita Lentils
Crunch! Oh no, I stepped on a piece of cereal. I'M A CEREAL KILLER! Ah!!! hahahahahaha
"It's never enough till your heart stops beating"
It's official. CW just sent out release confirming another season of #Supernatural! Also #VampireDiaries and (surprise!)
In honor of this weekend, here’s a little taste of chocolate. Unfortunately, not in bunny shaped form, but in ad form:...
looking at all the entry's now and will direct message winner later today
If you Aint About That Life Dont Act Like IT BlackShadeMafia
#ABoyFriendShouldAlways Give His Girl His Heart Knowin Yall Done Be Thru Thick N' Thin Wit EachOther Maybe Putta Ring On It!
Ohh. lol. What time is your meet gonna be on tv tomorrow?
OMG I LOVE THIS! Lol, potatoes! <3
Jasper won't cuddle with me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
Looking forward to seeing you!!
this is a huge inconvenience for me.
lmao don't tell me what to do
Apparently, one has to keep their pants on in the jury lounge.
Taco Bell can be tasty, but it still can't be classified as 'food'.
This is great TV with Bill Hall cleaning shaving cream out of his face...
nigga just asked to go to the movies with me . . . .how to say no . . .
Act like you've never been around a nigga like me, like this a game .
I'm doin gr8! <U+2600>wrapping my arms around and hug gin u tight<U+2600> how's th new place?
Of Tye's house? Strong words for someone who was suppose to come to Jenn's.
RT : #GLEEks!! What'd you think of the premiere?!! Check out more new shows from FOX’s premiere week feat ...
safe flight Trace...see you back in LA for some some ciroc Red Berry Lemonade.. tis the season.. we've missed ya!
Are you getting antsy for spring? Spend some time today at the Botanical Garden's - it's free!
Rock scaling joke told by Greg Pujos "When a scaler sits at a bar he needs 2 chairs, one for the physical scaler and one for his ego."
Grab some people to come rage in the upstairs bar at Hennessey's tomorrow for our beer pong tournament. Ladies play free!
RT Tune in to #MSNBC in 10 minutes for We have a great line up here in
Up until last week I saw him daily... Now he's in Miami so it will be a little less til I'm back in Florida!
If you have any last-minute questions about #thatcamp, just ask!
Another Day Tnks Lord
I have felt like complete shit all day. Someone please save me from this misery
These ladies are working with Direct Marketing and doing great. And will be honored on March 12 with the Most Influentials
RT : A2: For SEO, participation in social networks can be a big boon. Blogging/creating fresh content also helps.
RT : Happy Birthday Minnesota! It was on this date in 1858 when #Minnesota became the 32nd state in the Union.
Thou shalt not covet thy straight neighbor's exclusive right to get married.
the week went by pretty fast ..
For the next 3 hours swing by Western Fantasy YP and get the deal shown here: Last Chance to RSVP!
u burpin jus to get the attention of a big boned man (fat man) or the plural fat men i just went all intellectual on u lol
“: When you forgive, you in no way change the past - but you sure do change the future. -Bernard Meltzer”. So very true!
"Wisdom is to the mind what health is to the body
With all these heinous rhymes I committed the ultimate crime - stole all yo hearts for the rest of time
Heaviest storms are pushing out of the area. We're in the clear through lunch. Sct. drenching t-storms back after 2 PM.
I am so bored...
Yesterday's ALA Washington Office webinar: The one thing that always works is to have a great advocacy strategy and implement it
I hope not. Those three shows are Seth MacFarlane's babies, and he's proud of them.
Smart by Ricky. Maybe that will knock Dickey out of the game and the Marlins will get to face the Mets bullpen.
Thanks for trying us, friends!
thanks justin B
Thank you, #AndyRooney. I might actually get to writing the letter I owe you.
George Zimmerman will be Charged in the Trayvon Martin shooting. Neighborhood watchmen (and women) take note as you "stand your ground."
Congrats, just read the story!
The average human being will walk 160 billion millimetres in a lifetime
UKC PR' GIDDIMS' DAPHANIE has gone home with her new Family :)
I took that as a no.
wow that is literally the second time in the span of 3 minutes i have randomly come across a Buckminster Fuller reference.
Bo Jackson is such a hero
RIP whitney and Crystal Pepsi, but hot pockets are alive and well.
Was good chi city?! you stayin in the Chi ova the summer?
:) im happy too cause we got fight of the year comin up on saturday
How do you get a sweet little 80-year-old lady to say the F word? Get another sweet little 80-year-old lady to yell *BINGO*!
I'd b good
I'd say start with a Spurs game, lol.....if she's in town this week, do Fiesta and NIOSA
"Can I let the sky fill what's missing in? Can I let my mouth do the listening?"
Did you mean KS?
I want to watch this spiderman movie !!
in the studio workin on the last six tracks
wanting to go home to mines, lol
freakin love that app
Talk to me the silence it horrifying
if you don't have time, ill upload all the pics! Im impatient. Haha
Old-timey prisoner ass-kickings would be less cringe-worthy in sepia tones.
Hey tweeps, we're still giving out free med coffees over at the St. Rose location! Snap a pic of yourself there, be entered to win brewer!
To everyone that has supported our little BBQ business Thank you! We very much appreciate it.
People who don't know how to keep themselves healthy ought to have the decency to get themselves buried, and not waste time about it
it's like it never rained in new york before; y'all are a bunch of crybabies
I know I understand what you say
followed you #teamfollowback !!
Sorry, my spell check is messed up... I'm not even going to keep talking about this.
yes! I'm in the Palm Court-you? I'll be there around 9:30 :)
I get the quote of the day from my friend Butt and she keeps it classy
“ When we pray, God hears more than we say, answers more than we ask, gives more than we imagine... in HIS own time & HIS own way.”
nu uh girl still in DC for another few
He OK but he has a BIG HEAD!!!! LOL
our faces are too beautiful, they needed time to edit the pictures to not make other people feel bad about themselves haha
Nw Punk'd
We appreciate that! It was nice to meet you! Excellent job sharing presentations today
MT When your global head of mktg can't even pretend to relate to/want your product, either you/he shouldn't be in that business
its always chilly in the eve here.
I raised my middle refrigerator shelves two notches and I'm a happier person for it.
Mother of Chula Vista teens who police say was killed by their father is Maria Pe, Deputy Chief County Treasurer.
100 degrees + warm garbage + BO + cigarette smoke = Downtown Crossing today
There is officially no more biking in polyester until October.
Love copyright In education discussions - this one's very informative
Lmbooo. MTV as a new show. Malibu's Most Wanted
The #Superbowl is around the corner! Tell us who you think will be battling it out this year?
It is so close to home for me. Excited!
What's the deal with hammocks. Is a rope supposed to be comfortable!?!?!
Scoop on Dr. Dre. The audiophile & lauded acoustician releases electric flute that sounds like grunty men saying Uh.
Goodnight Everyone! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
well if I get accepted to the nursing program that'll be a year so next year
dinner would have been nothin w/o the amazing beer to back it up!
Ok, I am impressed now. Barbara Pezzi is blowing people's minds demoing some serious google analytics stuff.
We open for #lunch at 11am #Cheeseburger special every Monday $7.99 5817 Garden hwy #Sacramento CA 95837 #river #tacos www.swabbies.com
Must bean sprout dance
just agreed to be on a master thesis committee out of my hectic schedule...hopefully it is a wise move. Research calls. LJ answers.
Take a picture of the combos/redbull student!
I know all that but it's nice that Hilton is a little flexible you will see I stayed over 20 times
when u go battle again 2013????
done! Keep the flow!
So noones gonna tell me goodmorning..I see how it is.
They look great!
some guy from USC ...defensive end I think
Bored. Guess I go play some poker for a few hours....
I just want to know... which do you prefer, white or red? mr. wine connoisseur
Clients at the today for #Pacecar rides!
Lead and I'll follow
overrated, go with a Choco Taco. Vanilla ice cram and chocolate syrup with waffle cone shell.
you already snow
With UR constant coupons/specials/discounts you're becoming Kohl's - it's frustrating. I shop Trrumbull CT store.
Bartender at has the best stories ever.
I don't have a lockerz account. Can you email that to me?
Call Jordan's furniture! I think David Ortiz just hit the Monster Hit Sign. Free Furniture for everybody and the Sox win:)
I have one more tweet before Robot Vs. Dinosaur hits tweet two hundred. I hope I don't screw this up...
again i say FUDGE
thank you for the link!
Amen! RT : Today the 3 ingredients required: coffee, killer outfit, motivation. The rest will come-
Thanks for joining us! The teachers got a TON of great info. I'm sure they'll be calling soon. :)
Yes, Go Rangers!
Thank you very much!
#imagine My owner kissed you<3
never say never (:
Please reply to my DM! <3 (: Please reply to my DM. It would make my day! LOve youu
What's #Twitter ?
says "we ain't here for the chicken dinner." Got that right.
Yeah, I'd rather watch soccer than the Tribe wanking off for another 2 innings.
what state is that located in
#Glee #finchel "Take My Breath Away" Love this song...and Quinn Walks.
Glad you like the photos! If you want, you can click the Full Page View button by an image to get the URL for that image.
loading till the end of The Season... Please wait till the end of the Season so I can give all team there stats, Week 4.
depends how far the course is from where i park my car. can't handle all that distance.
this isn't china, so I think they're safe
welcome to my real world!
I was just outside for approximately 3 minutes and got 12 mosquito bites.
most green people do... Kermit, the incredible hulk, Al Gore
Grand Theft Auto is the only way I can express myself freely without any consequences
Hi Tyrese, Were you @ The Books for a Better Life Awards in NY Mar. 12th? Wanted 2 meet U but didn't C U. My book was nominated 2.
E. Bled is putting on a clinic! He has learned so much under Chris Paul!
Why Troy, why?
Wow, this one truly struck a cord. Thanks Jodi!!! RT : Love is a game that two can play and both win. ~ Eva Gabor
My Office Pro arrived at my office, today. Definitely noisier than my Platinum, but it feels a lot sturdier.
I am so mommys girl
a live ustream need live people like me cause live is my middle name
glad I could help haha
I know there's a gazpacho to salsa continuum, but they're largely the same. And it may be that I'm eating salsa with a spoon for lunch.
are you expressing a lil gratitude again? lol. You're too cute.
you still haven't sent those fundraiser papers ........you're fired!!!!
There is so much going on in The Avengers that you don't need the needless distraction of 3D.
The Avengers kicks ass, I think you are going to enjoy it.
Woohoo!! Fav part of the work day...QUITTING TIME!! LOL :-)
We're watching 'I Could Never Be Your Woman' and it is terrible
Food, Wine, Beer & Spirits at this Saturday's Island Divine event. has the scoop, do you have the stomach?...
GLOBAL: ICAP issues free drink-drive assessment reports The International Center for Alcohol Policies (ICAP) has released a set of report
So, how u been Brittany
aww lov yaah hope u got a good day today omg MUCH LOVE baby and thx for all what u for me doing and helpin No one can separate us **** <3
Msnbc should grow a pair and expose that video of Hannity using crack along with his "fox and friends".
Go see Act of Valor
Working on a special limited edition release for the holidays.
I'm still here waiting in that Thai restaurant for you to say goodbye...
You the bomb always. I'm a fan. You looked beautiful on 106 & Park. You were such a lady. :)
It's like some sort of 21st-century teletubby.
Lakers have the run now, Denver gotta turn it around...
cool. c:
Caps fans are an embarrassment to Baltimore. None of you were fans five years ago nor do you know the score of the O's game you NABSGs!
SEAN IS BACK!!!!! So glad!
I was bout to take a shower and started playing wit my phone. I was trying
We missed ya bud! But you won the opener with Halley's Comet :)
lol yeah I feel ya!
How about that heat baby !!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
holy deliciousness. Where is that from??
Kurt Vonnegut or for sure!
Did they tell you to come to work in a hazmat suit so you don't get bitten by bedbugs? :-)
Hm, strawberry or green tea ice cream? Decisions, decisions......
#XFactor is my show!!!
Hey.... Can I be your bestfriend :3 Please? Por Favor? :D
#ihatewhenimdrivingand a slow driver jumps in front of me UGH! move get out the way
It's not that some people have willpower and some don't. It's that some people are ready to change and others are not." -- James Gordon, M.D
thanks for your kind words Tyler!
Happy Hump Day --- Looking at model homes this weekend?
Just got a Samsung Galaxy 7. Updating is taking more patience than I have.
I'm back =D
It would hail on my day off.
Oh no! I've been busted. ;)
Just went to Best Buy and asked if they have anything with a record player. The employee looked at me like I asked for a t-rex.
RT : Do not throw the arrow which will return against you.-Proverb
Nashville debut! “: Playing Nashville tomorrow at The Basement, 8pm” should come hang!
Anticipate sounds before they arrive. Continue sounds after the action leaves the screen.
I love it when Jesus Christ answers my prayers <3
Ava's 2 month check-up: 12 lbs, 12 oz, 24 in. long,she's size of avg 4 month old! She even pushed herself up on arms and rolled to her back!
Best of luck Casey! RT : Tomorrow we say so long to a great friend & colleague - so many memories.
still looking for a 3 compartment sink w/ min 18'x18" bowls 14" deep and drainboards both sides
what time do I need to listen?!
I have nothing to look forward on weekends.
it was proly the best game of the year
I haven't heard of Venduras, but maybe knows about it?
Getting ready to board the plane - Minneapolis, here I come!
if u cum i will shout u out. and its only $4. i got u! lol
So ready for an awesome 2011!
it's so true! Scales are never 100% accurate!
Packing up the apartment....watch the Nuggets win tonight then Denver bound at 2am let's go!!!
Happy Thanksgiving to all...it's ok to eat Turkey today instead of hot dogs...but tomorrow is another story...
The world would be a happier place if everyone went to Happy Hour every Friday....We open at 5p in case you a glass of Sangria or cold beer.
hahaha yeah its pretty much the same thing! :) & thank youu! :]
Good thing got rid of wade Phillips
Need a summer internship in #STL? Apply with for PR, branding, social media, & graphics opps! DM for info
Marathon Training this week takes place on SAT. (not Sun). Running 7miles @ 7am on the 7th day of the week- starting from the steps of BTS!
''Serendipity is the mother of invention.''
I went up to dis Asian bitch to ask a question and she replied I'm sorry
Because how can you see the same sky when you're on the other side of the world?
Would like to thank the for maintaining such beautiful trail conditions for the #iat50. We are all in your debt!
Im online!
I need you you'll make me better.
Well my Millionaire episode airs today! Thanks everybody for your support. I can finally talk about it after today!
Going to yet another useless day at school while all my friends are in washington , im playing hangman with bri
I usually end up mixing greetings, saying something random like "Hey are you doing?" then run off thinking "stupid, stupid!"
Gamma rays. RT : am wondering what gets geek out of the carpet?
Happy Mothers day to my baby momma's & <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> & happy birthday Denise <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>.
Make sure you follow and
I'm addicted to drums, and ima slave to the dark beaat
I love being at school for 8hrs with no AC!
Damn right KB RT : Oh, Boston should be down 2 games right now.
Too cute! How are all those kids Ms. Carolyn? :)
May the fourth be with you
It's alright you was probably bussy
I feel a disciplinary shift coming on. Who's got some smelling salts?
Cleaned my room, put tons of clothes away, did some laundry, cleaned out the cupboard and fridge, and did some dishes
Someone is waiting for me to take a brake so they can come out and be tough again.
Dry cleaning and dance cards.
Oh Xfinity Live, you rebel you
thanks a lot! If you have a chance show us off to your friends:)
I dnt remember them sayin that on Friday After Nxt RT I Need A good Ass Hand Massage & Some Head .
should get video camera and go find out!!!
I wonder if the dude next to me will ever have any regrets about tattooing the Playboy Bunny logo on his neck . . .
thanks for that correction, i like it better. we may try to be the example, but it doesn't mean we're alone. =)
More new followers, thank you for following
that final was reminiscent of orgo. not in a good way.
": Could really use a foot massage right now ... where you at ? ;)" you're a bitch
This early in the morning this dude already wild'n lol
Good morning! ‘Abdu’l-Bahá is in Washington. He's going for a morning drive in Mrs. Parsons's carriage.
Hai to you too! I've been reading more and tweeting less. Considering a switch to LT but don't want to lose my GR peeps...
nice work hero. Why don't you also post a video of how you sucked in the playoffs this year.
New additions to narrator wish list: Matt Damon, big on water crisis. Maybe Danny Glover, big on Haiti. Other suggestions?
More 3G Woes...lawsuits filed against Apple, claiming the iPhone 3G's network is slower than advertised etc.
It's my pleasure to post your pearls of wisdom. (I highly recommend following Lou.) Have a great weekend!
Your child needs continuing support during his or her #adoption journey. Can you be that support?
good luck!!
thank you for the follow
OK, enjoy your eggs then! “: Thanks Glamberts! :) gonna make some dinner now. #popstarsgottaeat”
Would u rather trip on stage in front of a crowd of 1,000,000 people or lose ur voice 4 one year
Also, please please start watching #Girls. It's so good.
I'm jealous
Shout out ?? <3 if you can pronounce my name ?(: haha <3
I fucked up, i hope you forgive me
Noble be man,<br> Helpful and good!<br> For that alone<br> Sets him apart<br> From every other creature<br> On earth.
Beautiful day in Washington! Loving the weather :)
Long term case of the munchies
crazy thing is some women like that shit. Ill be single all my life before I be a grown ass PARTNERS mama
When are you guys opening?
so sense you're new to twitter i know you have no have no idea how to do this so haha...
you're all Great!!
Fri April 27th "4th Friday" Capri's Lounge "The Sexist once a month ladies night" 2 add your party call 561.350.5049 follow-->()
that shit was funny bro ! haha
Oh no i'm crying
haha you know where!!:)
it was cool to see you and poison back together.
i see that now...
That doggie is adorable, is it urs?
so sad i missed her singing!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!:)
Warm up with our Dbl Punch Drink of the Day: White Chocolate Macadamia Nut Mocha. Last day of our current SALE 10-30% OFF of Everything.
I voted for you! I hop you wn Jake ! (:
Seeking Sponsor for Hispanic Concerts & Historic Boxing Event inLas Vegas. I have Biz Plan. Very Profitable.
hey do not feel badly. They actually have a death rate for treadmills. Take it easy
ill chill lol just let me know where at
RT : Our fatigue is often caused not by work, but by worry, frustration and resentment. ~ Dale Carnegie
Researching spiders today. Should you do the same, don't allow your dog to rest at your feet where he might accidentally brush against you.
Is there a committee that votes on who gets to be considered a "super producer?"
": Why try 2 Fit In when you a Stand Out????"
"Ideation doesn't only happen through #prizes. It's ongoing through partnerships and lessons learned." Michelle Warner, CMS
do you all still go up to Cardome for that?
lol you woke up and called him a boring nigger. Then fell back asleep.
Me: "Play Twilight Zone." Siri: "Sorry, I couldn't find 'toilets' in your music, Erik."
Well tonight was an emotional night, atleast it is ending on a good note!
S/O to everyone thats graduating from college im pretty sure its not and easy thing to do but you did it so congrats to you :)
Whyy is it that i meet the best people when the school year is over?! Unfair -__-
The new #Republican leadership don't have better what to do in #Congress then reading an 200 year old thing called #constitution -
A real friend walks in when the rest of the world walks out..
if they can get him for a 7th, take it and don't look back. 6th? Maybe.
The banks destroyed the Ir econ w/ over reckless lending, now they are doing same by locking money into govt bonds, killing economy
Parsnips also need a new publicity campaign. RT : If I was kohlrabi or escarole, I would totally hire kale's marketing/pr team.
. Hooray! Back at you. :) Former and future coworkers! How lucky am I??
Qs watching cars (again!) & im cooking, cleaning, & preparing for the week...have a good rest of the day everyone!!
I sent it & will talk with you soon. Thanks again
yes!! Get asshleberger to hang as well! Lol :P
#ASECS12 Also interesting disc of Anne in Jacobite poetry...
When lint builds up inside dryer vent tubing, the efficiency is dramatically reduced.
ok well let's get lunch or something lascala
There is a thread on my FB feed where Mary Thorp would like to learn how to tweet-- could you assist her? Thank you!
Just sat through two green arrows cause a kid couldn't get his scooter to start.
my 11 y/o daughter big fan of yours says to use the episode when you and jake made the video for the adopting parents
Learning to live in the present moment is part of the path of joy
madden? anyone
want the rest?
In the "LAB" working hard on getting things complete for next weeks wedding!
Our Android app is coming soon! Please email me to get on our list to be notified:
u might call me before I even think twice bout calling u..lol
At a Dominican restaurant <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
awe thanks Rachel! It was such a pain in the butt!
I love baby's that aren't mine lol
Thanks for the follow Courtney!
Offshore Wind Bill (HB 441) just passed the MD House of Delegates! Vote count was 88-47. On to the Senate!
*le crying* Mom: Why are you crying? Me: Angel's gone. Mom: Who's Angel? Me: Austin's dog. Mom: But she's just a dog- Me: LEAVE!
I really like you. <3
having such a great time at my first conf, it was enough to bring me back to twitter after months away.
Rain sucks, but we still have a ton to do. Filming at Al's Car Lot later today. Let the craziness continue!
RT : Decision #1: booked my ticket to Boston to see in Feb. <3 YEESSSS can't wait.
I like the smell of cigars (lit and unlit). Good ones. It makes me think someone nearby is relaxing even if its not me.
Back on top!
I'm not trying to wait on Anyone.. i cant.. I want this band more then anything..
in to some ratchet ass females nd made us mess a race -_- 4Ã<U+0097>2
shout out and follow?
Question of the day?! RT : Heat or Okc tonight
When death comes, life doesn't seem so serious anymore.
Just me and the old ladies eating breakfast burritos in what has to be Santa Monica's only bowling alley. all these little achievers.
This diversity shit or watever parade at school is gay af
A prudent question is one-half of wisdom. ~Francis Bacon
Glad to know you are @ #sabasummit I was not able to make it but I look forward to your tweets on the sessions there. Cheers!
Beautiful! I wish I could be in California right now!!!! xo
hahaha figure out a reason for u to visit Crabtree and get Jeff to book u a flight
#1 question of the day Why waste money on psychotherapy when you can listen to the B Minor Mass?
Thank ya!
“: It seems dark at the Stick.”
If you have not heard it check it out at my fanpage one facebook @ aaron Davis At my bandpage,The song is I wanna Go Check it Thank you
From an IT ad: "The IT Team works closely with the (mostly female) stylist team." Seriously?
amazing photo
Me and Austin had an amazing one on one basketball game in gym today! :D He totally creamed me, but it was so fun! We couldnt stop laughing!
be careful... some are willing to 'help' only to help themselves... they call that motive & intent.
for sure! Id love to help inspire u and your friends with free beauty tips:) give me a shout out and lets have a twitter party!
I'm looking forward to a screening!
dude, answer your inbox -_- don't avoide me now (;
I Love you
Congratulated a woman on her pregnancy only to find out she wasn't
with the finest bottle of scotch, 2 silk robes in my private space shuttle
We in here but we out chea!!lol
I'm STILL in complete shock!!! I was touched by & !!!
I bet it was! Wonder who else bid against Trump. It'll no-doubt be fabulous when its done...
re: Gold Rush...admire all of the miners for their tenacity! Especially Parker and his GrandPa
bout to have 2 jobs for the summer bout to be happy Af LFG!
got up to go to the gym this morning and didn't even realize it doesn't open til 8 on weekends...
who's your tweets about
4th row at the herbie hancock concert!
Happy Valentine's Day to my baby know who you are ill give you ya gift wen i get home love boo.
Bitch you suck too much penis to be scared to kiss a dolphin
Hella jealous! Just always hold your arm behind your back. That's the best advice I've got lol.
bro does he have a live band?
Ah figured it out from your site
Season's Tweetings: Any store or event with the words “Kountry” or “Kraft” in it is going to be painful.
« « A man can't ride your back unless it's bent. ~Martin Luther King, Jr.»»
Thanks for the #FF. Happy 2012 to you all!!!!
To get radical results you've got to make radical sacrifices. Stop doing the same things & expecting different results!
i will during 3rd or 4th i already have a good amount of people
There's massive storms and possibly tornadoes near my parents. It's killing me that I'm literally 1000 miles away. :(
I think it was 68 degrees here at 7am
"While acting as their representative, I shall be governed by [constituent's] will on all subjects . . which I have the means of knowing.."
Much better than au pairs
Sorry, but I know people who smoke weed every day and never make stupid mistakes like the "your" in
Oh yeah, I'm rarely creeped out by horror movies but I was thinking about this movie for days. Let me know what you think!
Specialty Store Services Introduces Innovative Do It Yourself Security Surveillance Systems for Retail Stores - No ...
Rough, indeed. I like to watch them stretch after they wake from a nap. All non-chalant as if to say "ok now what's for dinner?"
COME BACK TO CHICAGO
Mao's Last Dancer comes to Portland TODAY!! www.maoslastdancer-movie.com/flash.html
What's crackin'? Thanks for the follow
Took a day off to take Emily on a field trip to the
did u just buy a 44oz of iced coffee? (<U+25E1><U+203F><U+25E1><U+273F>)
#occupyburque cops just showed up. #unm police asked us to leave. Loud exciting chanting now!
I have it all journaled, so that someday when the world evolves to this, then my grandkids can read my journals and know what I wrote istrue
And, the purchased apps?
“ If Sammy AND Nolan seriously just died in the same episode I am done with this show. #REVENGE”
Can you believe it's been almost 48 hours since the last time you were drunk and watching the Brewers?
New CA bill moving through the state Legislature that removes a 13-year ban on sweepstakes and contests from alcoholic beverage makers.
I agree calls, disorganized mtgs & email chains suck & headphones are great for tasks that require focus.
And we're home!
i should probably clean my room, or do my homework, or go to the gym..but no. im on my laptop...
": It's impossible to stay at school the WHOLE day #gaveup #goinghome #senior12prblms" story of my life
100 Years ago today at this time (around 10pm), the Titanic hit an iceberg
“: Who outside of Lexington, alums, and, maybe, Rick Pitino, is rooting for KY?” I am!
(That last tweet was the now 3 week old Lennox Evangeline Forster; 6 lb and 6oz at birth, happy and healthy!)
900th tweet goes out to my amazing boyfriend,
I've gone to a bunch of different comic shops in LA and walked out empty handed after facing rude clerks and dusty, unorganized shelves.
When your parents don't think your old enough to stay out late, but old enough to know how to cook a meal for 20 people.
Now she doin what we she do gobblin the goo.
lol that's ok. They messed up! :)
Wishing everyone a prosperous and financially #savvy 2012. Happy New Year!
Someone, somewhere is waiting for something that God has given you, ONLY you to share with them..
Strange, I have one too. You can see it in photos, half-shut.
I'll have to read it later. But if they only interview dudes I'm gonna be pissed. I SO need to find a skateboard.
The good news is, you don't have to pay a dime for it if you act quickly
is WIX website currently down??
hahaha ohh calm down please do not kill me i was jokin! you know me, i'm all jokes
Now watch me beef it up
Just had my first juiced meal of many to come... 1 beet, 3 apples, and 3 big handfuls of spinach... surprisingly it wasnt disgusting!
#OMG! A new blog post is coming tonight written by a guest blogger! Find out at 9pm!
Looks like I'm becoming an uncle again!
The true cure for depression is not to feel you are being loved, but to give love. Love more and feel better.
So tell me why was Lebron name MVP ? Idont see a reason
Excellent and thoughtful response.
I wonder if Ryan knows that. :) He has been on the air for the past several years on New Years Eve.
Hey! Teachers! Leave them kids alone!
Finally a day off! Time to relax
I am so mad I'm missing the #oclc symposium on big collaboration at
Would u rather me be real or tell u wat u wanna hear Hun that's the question
Thx for all the love and support u have shown ! You believed in ME!
Dear chair neighbor, please talk more quietly on your phone with nicer language. There is a kid next to you.
Rooting for Chelsea and Drogba at this point with how bitchy Barcelona is being about every call
Rainy days and Wednesdays never gets Fuji down!
Thanks for the mentions/retweets
If u r catching the bus from Republic Square & drop in to Lofty Dog & U can rub it in that I'm working & u r going to ACL. Sniff, sniff...
School tomorrow... fml.
“The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.” - Oprah Winfrey
Being hurt and afraid isn't a good combination.
"Confluence Park", an instrumental for 3 clarinets and uke, by Dave Bailey, premieres Sunday, August 14th at 3pm in Confluence Park, Den.
Well doin' slowmo on the BATTEL EXES Trailer, Ty & Emily are gonna win.
same here in detroit cold one day sunny the next and wake up to snolw wth lol
Red rooster in harlem gets better and better! Great jazz singer here on Sunday night! Love it!
Love is like a puzzle.When you're in loveall the pieces fit but when your heart gets broken,it takes a while to get everything back together
omg I'm so tired!
": I'm not your paradise." Girl *
always thinks its funny to leave me alone solo in the car while he goes in murder mart
Que jarturaaa!! God.
Thanks, buddy James! When's our next Ohio trip?
In Atlanta now
Back to the grind.
I'm so sorry.... I have been through it and don't look forward to it happening again as I know it will :(
based on what you've seen out of MM, why would he get a Sept. callup?
Everyone Is Beautiful, but most people are afraid to accept their beauty for what it is
What? They dont have playoffs? So their Capital One bowl victory doesnt mean shit? Well thats interesting
: "I'm bringing friends to Panas!"
no that was def you! You brought other ppl into our lil convo!
Last day of spring break, and I had to get up even earlier than on a school morning. To babysit, ewwww.
Attention #Chili lovers in #Philly - tonight you can win 2 tix to the April 13 East Falls Chili cook off. Come to my Quizzo @ Cranky Joe's.
Im a good boy.
Bet your cat is happy, too! Thanks for being an AmazonFresh customer.
As a customer for over a decade, I am so frustrated with the inability of your team to solve my ongoing order issues. #TimeforVerizon?
\(°_°)/ *throws up hands & walks away*
: Thanks for Nocera's column. Dropping traditional pensions plans was a disastrous idea, and why privatizing soc sec worse
You need to come to Portland Oregon, Like now. :3
I'm excited for the 6pg flash site I'm developing atm. The asp site, I finally finished connecting the database all it needs is the styling.
RT: x #STYLEHOUSE MAY 26TH @ THINK TANK GALLERY #FASHION #ART #MUSIC RSVP AT
Does my motorcycle count for bike to work day?
First: they notice, Second: they realize, Third: they experience jealousy = The 3 stages of HATE... shit happens everyday.
Everybody should go see #Chronicle. First superhero movie in a long time that actually has surprises and good dialogue in it.
Happy birthday !! Can't wait for this weekend!!
Game of the Week covers 1-0 +50 units today
LOL! "2 chicks at the same time, man!"
yeah I got some good good..I will have to cook you some dinner some day..was you flavor.I cook it all..soul food specialty
i know it's hard to remember, the people we used to be.
« Looking ass lmao RT : #TheBestPartOfMyDayWas waking up with foldgers in my cup»
FREE TACOS TOMORROW FROM 11am-3PM!!! FREE FRIDAYS!! DON'T MISS IT!
That's why I keep a pen and pad in the shower. <cough>
Tacos en route to Hillel! Tacos and Torah at 5pm!
How do you bring critical ideology awareness into technology design? Must integrate critical reflection in my undergrad classes.
lets go! Where are you?
I am too positive to be doubtful. Too optimistic to be fearful. And too determined to be defeated.
School needs to be over
keith AT artistlink dot biz
yes, but have it back now for a little while. ;)
Not really sure how I feel about Elway being de facto GM. Only been in FO for little over a year now. Xanders was there to help check him.
MSDT comin' at ya from twitter!
Getting out of bath, smoking, going to bed!
Independent artists make a more diverse music scene!!!
Blake Griffin's Kia commercials are so dumb that it's laugh out loud funny. Would love to be on that production crew.
The true measure of a friend isn’t how they behave when things are good, but how they behave when things are otherwise
Haha you would talk about ninjas and saving the whales and people coming after you... made my damn night every night lol
If you could take a vacation free of charge to any place in the world where would it be?
#BandNamesReplacedWithDwight: Bright Dwight.
The Boyz Always Cracking Me Up With There Humor On The Interviews. >>>
I dont care if u judge me , just pay me son.
Happy Valentine's day from us here @ JEZ
honestly, banshee is a more popular super hero than superman will EVER be
The worst RT: I Swear I Should've Stayed My Ass Home, Next Class Doesnt Start Til 3pm
damn his head is bigger than barry bonds
Glad to do it!
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine. ~ Flip Wilson
He has to try to woo the Paul camp who are hard core to win and frankly so does whoever wins the GOP nomination
dog played w/ a squad called The Bray Center. Its a rec center down there. Them dudes competed. Tough cats.
I don't care <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C> here's the fucks I give......
Anybody heading to Off The Grid in SF tonight? The team is going to devour some food from trucks after a long week!
I just climbed to the top of a mountain!!!!!
#sca2012 Others are improving and correcting NARA metadata for images in Wikipedia articles. More experts out there than in-house anywhere.
Ballard has stormed back to make it a game. 3:05 left to play, Scott County's lead cut to 41-35.
I don't know if someone's car alarm is going off outside or what is going on, but it's about to drive me insane...
~>I dislike this...
Kill Bill ^_^
ONE MONTH!
Also: in relation to every tweet I've tweeted tonight I am fully aware
Chula Vista is so proud of you, !
Missing my bro. He always spitting the truth! #FreeSlickRick #A.K.A SoSo!
Favorite Monkees B-Side? "(I'm Not Your) Stepping Stone." Punk- before its time--almost!
Somebody get those effen boots off Madonna! They are killing her act!
It's IPA FRIDAY with Specials all day. Do you know were IPA comes from? It's not from a stork, we already googled that..
Nats GM Mike Rizzo on calls Cole Hamels throwing at B. Harper (the chosen one) "gutless, chicken shit move" "fake-tough" haha
Soo... Is it May 9th yet?
Maybe if my iPad unfreezes!
lol I'm anxious to c u bitch lol
"Awareness without action is worthless."~Phil McGraw
#letstalkiphone iphone 4S news...cool features, but doesn't make me want to buy it. I'll just take the iOS5 upgrade
I'm fresh from my socks to my drawls!
Eating mixed nuts & wondering why no cashew or hazelnet pie. What's so special about the pecan that it gets its own pie?
RT : note to self: sponsor afternoon coffee next year
echoes of silence.
On the Benji diet today: diet coke, frs and a milkshake. My tummy hurts.
Seriously though. If anybody takes their mom to Hooters today for the free wings, PLEASE tell the internet how mom reacts.
Online through our website http:/shop.iheartballs.org
Chants of Let's Go Brewers at Wrigley #brewers v
I've never heard silence quite this loud.<3
i hurd it
Hey, if your boys play Baltimore in the Super Bowl, can you break Bernard Pollard in half? Please and thank you?
Please welcome my friend and speculative fiction writer to Twitter.
Music's crazy
"Spread The Word To " Awareness Day: A reminder not to use "retard" or "retarded" to describe others, objects or even yourself.
can't wait 2 network w/ others in the #digital content arena as it pertains to
People w/ no roots in the community have no responsibility to it. fix=create path to roots and enforcement of path
Joining forces this week with to record some tracks for their new album! Exciting!
I am soo ready for Disneyland Friday
thank you! i graduate in Aug. 2 classes left, both online this summer :) what are your plans now?
RT Fine-Free Friday at San Diego Co libraries! Return any SDCL-owned material to any branch today, we will waive the fines
is in Kensington, looking out my hotel window on Wrights Lane at the EMI building, ah, the memories!!
a burglar and pleistocene mammoth tracks and prehistoric hearths. You've had an exciting day!
AE client! MT : Partnering with and to use social networking to drive consumer #energy efficiency.
#HappyMothersDay to all Mothers in #Heaven, on Earth, in #Spirit, or under ANY circumstances & #GodBlessYou! I'm off to enjoy my own day!
Try reaching out to Krystal individually, she should be able to help you find what you're looking for!
thank you for all your support I really appreciate it! :)
I need this day off.
you got the whole city. You bet get like Dora and start exploring..
Startled by my exclamation, "AWESOME", V thought we'd gotten the apartment. That was not it. China Mieville's Railsea is out.
Feeling so sick I wanna go home ASAP
I LOVE MONEY MORE THAN I LOVE MYSELF! DAMN!
" killing is my business ladies and bus-ness is god"
Are these the new episodes? I'm excited!
I love your music so much darling Its so wonderful (: I listen to it everyday ! (: Im even getting the BornThisWay Bikerjacket<3
Wish I could make it! Order Château d Saint Cosme Gigondas for
WEN U GET BEAT UP N YO FRIEND TRY N CHEER U UP BY SAYING IT WAS A TIE LOL
Buster Olney reports yes
Thank you. RT : I can truthfully say you guys have some of the best pizza from here to New York!
i got 1,000 followers today <3 . i love you guys :')
I deleted your FAKE brother !!!
This is some excellent wisdom!
GO RT MY LAST TWEET WITH THE BLOG TV LINK!!!!!! GOGOGOGOGOGO
Do the designers pick their music for their runway displays on #fashionstar?
Baby turn da lights off.... when I go down its a private party
i think its funny how used to say wack as hell and now he dick ridin him for a record deal, smh pathethic
RT : Coming up! Right Start report from the Kids Count in Michigan project will be released April 30.
Aww i forgot that sports banquet was tonight! Smh
Shout out to President Andrew Jackson. You took the sport of dueling to a whole new level.
RT : Video does not need to be professional quality. A simple flipcam or webcam 1 -3 minute video. #NMRealEstate Yes, keep it short
There is such immediacy in 's singing. The intensity is always enrapturing. He is a good man.
"when you get , give....when you learn...teach"
I've already been wearing big blue gear all week #BIGBLUEFRIDAY was already part of my plan!
I beleive that Phoenix is one of the toughest mile tracks around..
Figuring out why art school lacked business class: A) No one will pay you on time & B) IF you get paid, it'll probably go to the booze fund.
Got on Twitter just to check if anyone else felt the temblor! Thanks for the confirmation.
Good times at #tcamp12 thanks all, particularly and
Too many fake people and profiles out here...UGH!
When girls cry on me <<
This; if comp classes at rural comm college were like uni classes, I think Ss might be intimidated/discouraged.
OH, girl, I feel you. I just had to buy Ava a pair.
idk what to think about you...
Make decisions about future based on what you know now, not what you’ve already sunk.
We will be starting our webinar on LinkedIn strategies soon. Use #LIStrategy to live tweet!
Live with purpose and passion.
I WAS REALLY HOPING YOU WERE TALKING ABOUT MY BOYS AND OMG PETROVIC!!!!!!!!!!
I thought you'd be pretty upset about the NBA Lockout. Don't worry. You can always watch college hoops to get your fix.
nice sign and cool shirt.
Omg shontee dawson got on some granny panties on an they up to her breast lol...im weak.
ShoutOut to some new followers
Did everyone see the new Facebook Page design? Option to 'Publish Now' - What will happen to tabs??
Portland, OR - #JOIN needs blankets/tarps/sleeping bags for the homeless population. Any help you could offer would offer these people hope!
be jealous! ;) haha but waiting for it to start is impossible!!!
Thanks for coming to Denver for Q and A. Loved the film
Clemson&#39;s Sammy Watkins Arrested for Marijuana Possession
I am so tired of being screwed over by Alltel.
lmao. I think Jewtown probably describes Brooklyn a little better ;)
Hey - regardless of the year's outcome. I would like to see a change in net and D. Move Crow and Keith. Conklin is UFA.
Thanks for the kind words & support! We're proud to align our efforts w/ your invaluable research on #highered outcomes.
#JUSTINBIEBERONTHEVOICE that was seriously amazing. we are all so proud of you right now<3
RT please more followers friend good night
Now I'm thirsty! RT : guilty!
Brown pelicans rebounding, 2 years after Gulf oil spill
A few days ago, through a friend in L.A., you wished my ailing dad well. I told him and his eyes lit up! Thank you for that!
well i have a diffent twitter lol just take a wild guess lol i kinda lol just guess lol
It's hard to watch the Cowboys struggle this much.
It looks like wisteria.
Spent the entire day trying to get to Inbox 0. Was not successful.
haha its still early too... You should see launch weeks...
should make her own clothing line! she has an AMAZING sense of style!!! :)
Have found must give cat separate bowl of milk in order to eat my yogurt in peace.
Stop in and show the bartend this wall post and get your first shot on the house! Sunday Funday will NEVER be the same! 1/2 off starting @ 9
Have fun!
Wow that fight
#10FactsAboutMe I only work hard on things I love
RT : don't be careless with/ your words, 'cuz others will use/ them as a reason
three car crashes at west newton and Columbus (that I have seen) in last couple of weeks
Green Dot Rallies On Bullish Coverage
Yup. RT : UWM AD Rick Costello has resigned after short tenure. Should have hired Vince Sweeney when they had chance...
McCreerians since milwaukee
I'm here come back lol
Why expect me to call you, if you have nothing to say?
aww you guys are getting old!!!
it's WEDS! TIME TO Grab LUNCH(11AM-3PM) at THE SMILING MOOSE! DELICIOUS SPECIALS AWAIT YOU!
#FF #sales #training #leaders helping others drive results
I swear I will video tape myself throwing Frankenstein in a fucking fire and post it to youtube so every1 who feels the same way enjoys it.
Perhaps my previous complaint about caused them to flip the higher bandwidth switch. 100% improved now.
Whens the podcast going up?
Clooney & company gave $15 million to Obama. Huh... Life must be good amongst the rich elite in Hollywood.
that's affirmative
Not your ordinary Tex-Mex: New restaurant to feature the cuisine of ...
The thunder crowd looks sick!
he has inside jokes with complete strangers.
See our Great $1 Beer on Sundays!
the next 8 days
Seeing that one person, even if its just for 5 seconds, can still somehow make your whole day.
lol my nigga u know she do!!
I am So happy today was a successful event I want to say thankyou too all the vendors and curly, kinky, straight etc Divas that came :-)
Thoughts on creating: ~ A photo does not exist until I pull it out of the air.
Home from work
Thanks! So cute!
News 13 has learned that an APD Officer has shot and killed the chase suspect just north of I-40 on Laguna reservation.
On my way to #Lotusphere Hanging with Micky and the gang.
Styrofoam box held in place w/ the bone lock is how we riding canoes all summer on Lake St. Clair...
Work, work, play!
Awww okay, Sam. Have a nice night. :) <3
Easter season is a reminder to die to self and rise in spirit! Fear shrinks and Love expands. May you allow your blessings!
what will u major in?
Trading water for jobs: why one city dogged by unemployment thinks it will work...tonight on 12 News at 10.
hahaha, YES. We have no trees now though - LOL.
IN Quotes: "We ARE what we repeatedly do." - Aristotle
BIRTHDAY COUNTDOWN: tomorrow bitches!!!!
It feels weird that I'm no longer shooting time lapse during every waking moment of my life...oh the intensity of productions past
ya im going to mcdonalds now. Say you love me for once D:
is in CO for the weekend. hit the cell
I'm happy for him obviously and definitely going to watch more 49ers games now.
well I hope it all pans out for you and you are happy. :-)
lol I know! It shouldn't have taken so long, but so long as it was within. I'll do better tho! Lol
hope you and all the museums on the East Coast make it through #Irene this weekend. Are you staying in WDC?
Got my atlas and mapping out my Route 66 trip. Yay!
Look, I den vented, ate some good pizza, rubbed one out, went to sleep woke up to the sun shining. And I still hate Cj Watson
Well , I'm back
Upgrade your Friday Pizza night with one of our savoury unique Pies! . Try our Baja Barbecue! Chicken breast marinated in a smoky bbq sauce,
So true RT People predicted 'global solution' in early 2011 RT : By time vikings hearing over could be 4-stadium bill
1st story appears in anthology titled "The Hope That Kills Us." I'm still trying to track down the 2nd.
“Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.” -Andre Gide
Just saw a wedge of Locatelli at Zabar's for $186.17. Wow!
Damn, everyone's on their ish tonight.
I have heard it! It's great. Nice to hear from them again. We still need to catch up sometime, man.
Thanks, ! RT Wow! is killing it on stage at #southcoastwp jumping from the impress us segment to the hot seat!
2012 Southern California Theater Listings
The new Sherlock (on iPad app) already off to a great start & I've only just got to Alan Cummings's accent in the intro. Help.
Such a great weekend, the weathers awesome and it only seems right to end this weekend at the beach
how do I know what my twitter address is to give to people to follow?
have a safe trip home, it was great to meet you at
love your energy for a green planet ;-) keep the fight'
Well... You know, nothing you report is true until Darren Rovell confirms it. You may not want to get on his bad side.
one day my friend... saw pics of the childhood menu looked awesome.
blunted nephew .. Haha
Ahh our mouths are watering! Cheers!
Cats need love-have you hugged your cat friend today? Meow!
Age does not protect you from love, but love, to some extent, protects you from age. Jeanne Moreau
yaaaay!! we're the same height now <U+2665>:)
It's going to take 2 hours min for my box to render 6 minutes of video... Oiiii My next video will be stop motion animation dancing!
Watching 24 makes my hands clammy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3>
(for Nick vid) Nick, Thank you for following your dreams because it inspires everyone else to do the same! Stay blessed!
Yes! Will catch you up on our fabulous JCPS. Project!
guess they told before they told carr
DON'T MISS OUT! Black Friday ACC Special! 3 day pass is only $25 Friday only if you come in to Tall Tales Comics 10-6 and buy your ticket.
Business is a good game - lots of competition and minimum of rules. You keep score with money. ~ Nolan Bushnell
Love you! Happy mothers day!
4 months and something till my birthday! ;d
Making good decisions is one of the most important processes we go through make sure they line up with your goals and dreams!
Make your avg. pony "top knot"ch!! Pull hair into a high pony,spray tail w/ hairspray,& twist 'til it coils to the base.Secure ends w pins!
don't forget your HazMat suit next time you visit us at BE!
stop bitching about it when you're drunk on TWITTER and just do it.
new music from coming soon! "Think I'm Crazy" was a great record.
it's on my list to come and visit
RT Driving to 1702 Hawkins Circle, Southampton. ETA 11:12 AM using Waze - Drive Social
Fuck you lite skinned!RT : Highlight the night hanging out with and watching almost fall at the bar LMFAO
Your #Klout score has climbed too. How much since you first looked? They're gradually sussing out your social interaction, I bet
Just when the stars were lining up just right for a attendence surge, they put Badger game at the same time as
Whenever I try cleaning my room I either end up making a bigger mess, or just playing with the stuff I thought I lost.
Why do people watch sports on tv.
Nite tweet hearts <3 sweet dreams!
A special edition of The DeWitt Law Review: Casey on Trial coming up after the break. Give us a call with your questions at 1800-329-5858.
#21CRadio Q1 Here's a short article & infographic from about fans using technology at festivals. Which of these tools do you use?
I heard a reference to "barefoot activist" by the host of an NPR show last week.
I lov e. How people live when the song starts
Got my bike fixed today, it felt so good to be riding around earlier, especially in Evanston #np 'Polish Girl' Neon Indian
Go figure, I'm excited for the #2012NFLSchedule release!
Don't let your nerves get the best of you. Gain networking tips at the SIS Pre-Reception Networking Workshop tomorrow from 6-7pm in MGC 3
- Welcome Chase! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
text me
Good luck will try to catch the game,
Happy Monday! Enjoy MNF and apply Patrick's Sunscreen before hitting the field for your own game!
i heard it when i played it. but the title had me thinking old school. ive actually sampled that beegees track. u should 2
Correct! Congrats, you're entered to win a $50 gift card. :) and I had a sweet tooth for
I think AC Slater had a picture of either Sting or Hulk Hogan in his locker.
Great time w/all my louievillians last night . Good to see you all again
stay North of Pioner Square...prob best to stay North of Burnside
You're right. I should speak in hushed tones ,use code or a foreign language. Although everyone understands "loco". Ay caramba! :)
Bankin them tips!
it's a curse...welcome to my world
"Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself."
delete...she an ex for a reason...you will find a better woman who appreciates you just be patient
Watch Tv
I wish you could see how much your hurting me. I cant handle it anymore
Congratulations!! Welcome to the world of Successful Internet Marketers!!
AZ Rocks! You know we are following!
I assume the "how to" tweet is on its way.
no but vidz r, pay attention. And u started tht conversation bout havanna tht day at wac
Also, once I do write something, should just email you a draft?
Check out these awesome tweeters this week! #FF HuntersUnknown
you shoulda been happy to have me !
A public wrestling match is the only way to decide this thing. GOP vs DFL in a royal rumble.
Yeah, your not kidding :-) I was panicked at first and then amazed they still worked..hope your son has a blast!
very true!
light-harvesting nanoparticles convert laser energy into “plasmonic nanobubbles,” inject drugs and genetic payloads into cancer cells
ACTUALLY DEAD.
Thanks CD Kirven for helping us make Gone! So close to our 1750 mark and YOU can help us achieve the dream!
#TheThingIHateMost waking up early for school...
Okay so i thinkk i got it now (:
(Justin) - Packers will continue to take care of business and beat Oakland. Jets WILL make the playoffs.
#NathanFletcher meeting with bicyclists in Old Town at 8 a.m. May or may not go for ride with them. But the man has a bike plan!
Get ready for the new school year. Make sure you have updated food allergy action plans and unexpired epipens.
GM Gabby. FB all times, but more at night & w/e. MT : SURVEY: Do you go on FB in AM, afternoon or PM? What about w/e vs weekday?
Black tie = blisters.
Went upstairs to take a sun break with and ended up making hot cocoa instead. Brrrr...
Ah soo confused!
Tobias & Christian, what groovy fellows. Soon we'll B recording. Keep tuned.
I am such a grade grubber, even though I have 100% in math I continue to do all the extra credit...
Happy Thanksgiving everybody!
I need more Instagram followers .. ationalove <-------
you're killing me. About to get on an airplane foodless for hours. Mercy pls!
<U+266C> August 23rd 1969 The man in Black the late great Johnny Cash was 4 wks at No.1 on U.S Country charts with "Johnny Cash at San Quentin" <U+266C>
Don't have phone sex. You might get hearing aids.
metropolitan lanes. The old run & shoot
Just gets the order in at Wright's Dairy Rite. Corn dogs and a malted...
It's funny they call it a birkenbag cause BirkEnstocks are for hippies
women tweeting negative #notetofemales? a perfect example of women perpetuating patriarchy.
I hate mondays.
Heading over to the Hollywood Bowl to see Phillip Glass....
bIg ups to just stepped into the building!
Thank you! I hope you had a wonderful Turkey Day as well!
I'm not a babe and I'm not sure what "creeped oon" is, but I'm down!
Booty booty booty booty rockin errywhere nice work mr photographer ask and you shall receive haha
I Dont Know
Bout to take my booty home oh yeah overtime pays off great
Looking forward to watching #GoDucks Spring Game on DVR tonite..Sad that DT remains undrafted/unsigned but now we all know he HAD jump off
Hi Ben, would love to discuss something with you regarding Fat Bottom (very excited btw!) Any chance you could DM yr. email?
haha well thanks! #dowork tonight Claire!(:
he was reading at a store in brooklyn. sorry i missed it
please encourage your followers to follow 's VERY FIRST ARMY! <3 THANK YOU ! much love xx
Apologies the technical weirdness during Pirate Radio Portland last night - it's all fixed now and thanks to those who stuck around with us.
Keep on keepin' on with the 3DS! Geekdom rocks!!!
What is beyond that spot where sky and sea meet
I opened the lock found the missing key
Beliebers Are Here To Stay
Tip #172: If we are not prepared to be wrong we will not do anything original or creative.
Would you judge me if I wore a dangly earring on my fingernail? Just accessorizing, z'all.
EKU SBDC director attending today's Social Mobile Local meeting in Lexington.
At the fringes of Appalachia.
Going on my main. Bye.
Thanks for all you brought to the , you rule
let me know if is any good , Hey here you got a purple Raider tell him to hit me up , class of 84 Mount Union College.
No worries, sweetness! We do need to get together. I'll have you and over for dinner soon. :)
cant argue w that! :)
Well, aren't you having a productive day!
#YouKnowYouGotSomebodyMadWhen they avoid you.
Anne Curry's bright color-blocked jumpers are not doing her any favors in the Big Girl Anchor department. #newswomansweatersets were better
Ladies Day retreat - Slaughters KY Christian Church 10-2 Saturday March 12, 2011. Inspirational speakers and fellowship.
Good morning to the world hows everyone doing
On my way back to DCA! 2 margaritas deep and ready for a nap. #drunk flying
adorable! Can't wait for the bags :)
called #Turkey "one of the most valuable & proudest allies." What a joke! #JoeBiden is a turkey! #gop #tcot RT
My mother doesn't deserve to have fb cus she doesn't understand it. If I wasn't sick I'd of laughed hysterically at the letter she sent me.
Did I tag you? a sexis
I dont like it when leaves. Neither does
Use the recorder feature to record and save important meetings
“: Texting a person in the same room as me, then staring at them until they get it o_0”
thats it huh? We need to do something about that....
HOLLER AT MY HOMIES~
Leave that frutttttty smell for yer daughter!!!! These women have no taste in smell:/
hello world!
hope u enjoyed that pizza Haha :p
S/o to women wit nothin to show 4 life post naked pics n remind me dey single on fb "guess yaw plan on suckin di** til sum millions appear?"
After sleeping for 10 hours I suppose I should get out of bed and start celebrating #EarthDay in the rain! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BB><U+2614>
ME! RT : Who wants a #salute on my show on this weekend?
Best wishes and have fun to everyone running the this morning!
They are often referred to as the backbone of the economy
"What bacon? The only damn bacon we got is baking soda!"
#HERESTOALL who hate it when someone is only nice because they want something.
can't be as hilly as galveston. Lol.
I realize there is no crying in baseball, but this is close.
so in english we pre-read romeo and juliet...... so we read it before we read it??
well we will see XD
Will you follow me? #AskAlex (:
Oomf gotta ass that can swallow up a g string
Oscars! So is Hugo really that awarding, or because Martin Scorsese is in the Academy?
i bet you were
and u had, Phil? Good laydwn for Jason?
SET FOLLOWS OFF to stop.
It's not as bad as it use to be... Check your email in 10. RT : Oh yeh, the American dollar sucks like bloody hell over here!!!
I hope so! I'll be at Japan, Portugal, the Mini runs, and Read In. I'm a slow runner but a quick reader.
HEY. Go LIKE US ON FACEBOOK!!! facebook.com/MissingInAlaska
you work too hard.
Have to admit I am just now getting around to this season of Jersey Shore, but what's a cooka?
Oh man. I'm failing here... It's right there on the tip of my brain... but all I can remember is countless games of Silkworm..
Need to meet up with and stat. STAT MEANS NOW PEOPLE (Dwight, The Office)
The word Christians;, only appears three times in the entire Bible; Acts 11:26, Acts 26:28, and 1 Peter 4:16
I feel gross at how excited I am for this. Im geekin' out on photoshop.
sorry to spam you but just trying to help make ' dream come true! Plz help! :D
I appreciate the shout out!
I always fall for that type of guy .. Uhm what ?
I wanna deep dish pizza lunchable.
remember in class you made yourself fall off the desk.
I just made a donation to because of the fantastic documentary last night on wildlife reclaiming the Chernobyl region.
Thank you for all the support
Hey Claudia, as a reputable resource, stop talking to yourself. You make no sense.
i just read the latest post. it's beautiful destruction. she's so snarky and I LOVE it
#Duke v #UNC Who ya got?
finally over! And we STILL have to wait *sigh*
Made a pact w/ myself that I will go to the gym post-work. No backing down.
"Pinkerton" by Weezer. The feedback, then the synth & drums on "Tired of Sex" it sets the tone for the whole album
Random late night tweet!
Good morning everyone! Getting ready for storms later today. Yipee! Love the tornado sirens!
RT : Damn, there's a playoff game on!? Nvm... its the Jazz nd Spurs *changes channel* <--- Manny doesn't like championship bball
odds are, you'll have fun. That's BS. I want my $2 back
Chicago is feelin' dope today
Harry, your gay)': ?
school in the morning... good things must come to an end
Its all fun and games until you realize your Capri Sun has no straw then stuff gets real.
haha good one! Probably ;)
When it rains, it pours
#704 what's going on tonight
Did you know we can make you a custom lip balm for you or your event? Get those creative juices flowing and let us know what you think!
Joseph Papp banned 8 yrs, that
How romantic!?
exactly you'll be a hialeah girl & dassit I don't have to be wasting my gas
goodnight sluts
Ha well all your guy friends are clearly retard Bond fans. He aint better then DC and Bronsen comes off full douche.
About what THIS 64 year old man looks like, cumming with a hard dick inside me.
& <3RT : My prayers are out to 's family <3 Spend every cherishing moment you can with her<3 Love you!
Love u baby I know ur moves are the best <3
damn you nailed it. But yeah. I mean it's funny but mean. Soo I want to publicly apologize to youu and lose the nickname
your on!! Only if we can bring - he be crazy with a cocktail or 6.
listening to taake in the daark :) #hellfest i am going to loose myself with you.
": Adam & Eve were light skin so is God." you made my morning wit this one lmao
Got a B on my theology quiz and I told my professor to recheck that. I have to sound out the word to even spell theology
I'm very happy to hear that that Gruden is staying in the booth. He brings amazing insight to the game.
Thanks! See you both there.
It's an interesting view -- but PPC can act be a quick band-aid for traffic on newly developed sites.
*I'm in a river*
which is good since I hopped a flight from Seattle for this!
always over delivers.
I noticed that too. maybe we should put out hawk food in the feeder instead?
I would, but I'm at my parents' house. They are watching a reality show tv marathon. :/
isn't it funny, life goes on even w/o Twitter? lol
Prom tonight!
got you!!
Just saw some dude wipe out on his motorcycle on Dixie Hwy.
It's Friday. What's the plan, Stan?
: Don't forget to vote. :)
Absolutely right! RT : Home Builders…the most important online real estate to acquire is the front page of Google.
Good :) idek what winter feels like anymore haha
- you don't need to run faster then the bear, just run faster then Dirk & Brian!
#kids Toddler Storytime at Irving Central Library, Wed, May 16 10:30a: Toddler storytime will engage young children through stories,...
Such a great feeling! Wearing clothes that didn't used to fit!
Snuggled with my kitty all night. He never snuggles me when I sleep cuz I move around so much so it was the best thing ever! Oh kitty love..
Keeping positive! Many challanges in my life.. good and bad. making me stronger every day... I 've learned not to regret most of my choices.
I feel you, I'm happy to hear it more too. Lotta house DJ's always hated until it became "cool"
WMYB on Glee
I'll just say this but Viola Davis shouldve won. Didn't this happened in 2008 when Rourke lost to Sean Penn?!
Life would be so simple if babies came from stork angels who dropped them off on our doorstep.
Realizing how much I have to get done before the end of the semester
hahaha oh yes & guess what... biebers doing a tour in the USA
Agree. This article reflects WELL on Obama. Most in BOS-DC corridor think opposite but rest of USA likes that O isn't insider
Ahh RT : Hey Wisconsin, what are the two things we hold dear around here? Today's weather makes me want both.
oh...and I might buy the nikon d 5000...watever....we have it here at work.....I could get it for like $400....
Howard Zinn just passed away due to a heart attack in Santa Monica, CA.
iM sO bOrEd!!!! tExT mE sOmEoNe aSaP!!
I will spend my Mother's Day, in part, helping 1 of my kids finish a big school project that's due Monday. Thx Mrs. M for such lovely timing
Anyone can get dressed up and glamorous but it is how people dress in their days off that are the most intriguing.
Being a virgin isnt always what its cracked up to be
cheese cake.
This is gonna be Big
Everyone in traffic looked like they had a huge case of the Mondays #isitfridayyet?
Some people are like clouds. And when they disappear, it's a brighter day.
ok let's make this happen. I'm starving!
Thanks Kristen! It's a great story, good coverage. Ends with a punch!
PICK ME for AVRIL A MEDIUM WHITE WHAT THE HELL TEE! <3
#oomf told me ol girl talks shit about her behind her back n yet she still friends wit her smh
"Don't be a consumer be a producer!" That's right #SamReed says it like it is "kids need to be empowered and engaged"
that would scare the poo out of me
"One can be a very caring and generous person and still accumulate a lot of shoes." Paula M Cohen
Head hunters <U+2764>
"Addicted to dirty bitches" :P
good luck
The picture of her belly button being pierced. Christina Murphy was commenting on it and i liked her comments. She deleted us
#WhenTwitterWasDown, i was actually writing, and scandalously did not notice. i feel cheated now.
NYC judge allows IMF alleged perv bail providing he stays house detention with his wife. Ouch. Ouch!
Heat one.
is going around telling people that you're really 46
Early meetings are the worst on cold snowy mornings. But at least I have a window view of the pretty snow!
Glad the show went well for #PennAW & #PennLawReunion! RT Great show at UPenn Law for &
Today begins week one of another round of #P90X. Chest and back workout.
I love being Unique. that's why My fashion business name is called "SAJUNIQUE" I'm not a follower, i'm a leader. I started my own circle
Great turnout of volunteers and supporters! : We have opened doors at 20th Anniversary Fairfax County Service Awards!
Almost bought apples but got an email from my synagogue youth group saying to expect a package soon. They usually send apples so I'll wait.
Today's healthy snack of choice: almonds coated with smoked salt. I may never eat anything else ever again.
where where where???
cant get slider to show up on WP flexi please help
Must go see blink182 and MCR concert!
Take it easy 2011. It was great. Wishing everyone an awesome 2012! If u get a chance check us out. www.theatrecompany.biz
I love Sammy Adams<3
When I heard Whedon was making it, I had high expectations, and it lived up to them. I could watch it over and over.
Right on the line, but close enough to my actual interests to make my finger hover over the Report As Spam button & not press it.
missed pretty much all of american idol! :| darn it.
LOL ill try not to
: LOVE her show! RT Listen to great commercials
Andre Ware is by far the worst analyst in college football.
Your nature is truth, and when you oppose it, you don<U+FFFD>t feel like yourself. Stress never feels as natural as peace does. <U+FFFD> Byron Katie
Women like silent men, they think they're listening.
same with the bucca if gaint the bucca be in too
Productive Board meeting, terrific networking with leaders, celebration with friends and family with great food. The perfect day.
New street team member. <21
BeliebersOver18 And just so everyone knows.. I don't do that F4F crap !! I hate it cause it floods my mentions lol
Thx to great customers old and new who stopped by at #americasmart. We had a great time!
Also, 9 freaking days till sov soldiers SINGLE DIGITS WOO
BREAKING NEWS: The weiner mobile was just spotted on Mt. Hope Ave.
Why am I still up????
What happens when leadership changes and all of a sudden the teacher ("CEO") is no longer the "boss"?
16 minutes until Disney Princesses on ice kicks off, I have popcorn and a tinkerbell barbie in my lap.
We're having our first full production meeting of the semester tonight!
what are you doing tomorrow?
Watching a movie all by myself o:)
Got to stop checking out the Brewers game.
Productive out for Tex!
Back from experiencing SXSW madness downtown. When did table tennis become the new hipster game?My peeps been ruling that for awhile!
yep! I just joined - mostly for the babysitting. I may not even work out!
trucks vans
I'm watching #KKTNY I'm so ashamed.
regardless, that tweet was insensitive and disrespectful. Unfollow.
“: Oh you have no ass? Please continue to wear sweat pants everyday, and act like it helps." we'll never have to worry
*clapping for Roger* Allez!
I don't know I'm tired.
lol I always end up speeding when I listen to them in the car. I can't listen to them in school zones haha
lmfao, I know! I actually would.
Danny Boom Boom puts the fins on the board.
Vote if you like the idea behind MentorList
The TAASK is number 1 on the rock chart for Alpharetta for Reverbnation.
If "Grandma got run over by reindeer" then why isn't Santa in jail? Is he out for a technicality? Just another example of our flawed system.
How the fuck are you mad I kissed someone else when you broke up with me 4 months ago and told me to move on
smh!!! texting is gonna ruin the natural way humans communicate
Watchin the grammy's...hopefully that'll be us some day!
My Pandora is so darn Sexy!
~I Feel Like The Alumni~
Lmfao Oh Whateva I Kno You Love Me... Everybody Does :)
When this happens, I fall #NoAss RT : Fellas sometimes just walk up and smack your girl on the ass and tell her job well done
Gym time for workout # 1! :)
29 year ago Thriller Was Released Happy Anniversary To La Zombies Official Dance Song THRILLER
A walk-off grand slam for both the Marlins and Reds.
Just letting you all know. My real name is really Secret.
Evidence suggests that males may benefit more from educational IDAs than females
Just Full of Shit.. Glad I See That Now
actually we did cuz we were talking about his butt ctfuu
from Jersey Shore to this ;) that's hot ;D
On our third bottle of wine with shana and her friend about to start rewatching 24.
LOL - I was looking forward to having it when I got home. But I truly was trying to work on my consumption :)
Yeah we had a huge group hug after a show in Houston, while began to hump....He's an awkward penguin.
1. Whoa she's banging hot. 2. Well, what do I say 3. Voila! 4. She laughs 5. Nice to meet you, but I have a boyfriend.
Thank you! Love your Twitter page!
that's good:) why really good?
Cheers to that!
kevin durant a 3 time scoring champion just won the scoring title :) good jobs man
wats up buddy we dont talk much :/
"I'm not like most girls." - Most Girls
If I was home I would hit naty with ya 100%. Rain check def!
Im surprised everyone isnt watching Dear John.
leaving the Smart Border mtg with Chris Maston. Now in line at Otay. The clock starts ticking.
Or just use it properly. RT Let's ban the word "guru" from the English language. Okay? Okay cool.
Today is just a good day
is Matt Barnes a bitch or what did he really just push Griffen that's a sucka move in my old man voice
Dope! Old Skool beat is Tuff!
Thanks so much, Ron! Much appreciated.
Really u r gonno leave kobe wide open in the 4th really
For some reason blocks me from following. W/my parents in Florida, it'd be nice to get storm & outage updates for them.
Look upon my Planet Sub, ye mighty, and despair.
#Libchat listservs are a bottomless pit. I have an email address just for listservs and I'll never get caught up.
Yay!!!! Prep work for auditions, tomorrow!! I love it, live for this!!!!
Video watch: YouTube, Viacom-owned Paramount now partners; 1M cord-cutters in 2011 - Good Morning Silicon Valley (blog)
I love you too tay <33
Aw it was nice meeting you guys too;) you're both so sweet haha we should hang out sometime!
I always have faith in Dawson!
“ #Taurus won't beat around the bush, they will trample right through it.”
You should for a ride :)
I know the feeling lol...
double ditto on what said! I drink it every day : )
I just woke up from one...be jealous.
i hope you recover youre ankle how bad is it
Dang we text each other a lot RT if you started singing my girl
“People don’t buy what you do; they buy why you do it.” -Simon Sinek
is that like double secret probation?
Now they're downstairs making pizza just to piss me off because I didn't eat dinner before I told them I didn't even want to deal with them.
To avoid information overload simply implement strategies as quickly as possible - That's Key.
Twitter is great
Also, how exactly do you counteract racism? Pretty sure people RT'ing that are being duped.
I'm upset and it sucks because I don't have a reason to be. What the honest fuck?
We will !
they did , recall flats and steve Martin sang hand job , I mean, banjo
New Silversun Pickups record = amazing
congrats on winning the truman and udall!
Agreed he SHOULD know what to do. But the coach should get everyone prepared for a play of that magnitude.
Find a way! It's the best stuff out there.
Yeaaaahhh!! You go girl :)
If given a chance, I would still want you
It might spark some creative thoughts..
Last weekend to see April Schafer's work! Friday, Noon-8p and Saturday, Noon-6p.
so has Charles barkley..but what separates them is that lebron and Barkley are still good, and don't sound stupid in the media
Rock climbing at Phoenix's best gym
Perhaps a blog post highlighting YOUR Tweet reactions from tonight's episode of is in order :)
Best #Closer of all times -
I have to trust what I do and then do it. - Ednita Nazario
hey all my luvers .. im not gonna be on the comp for a week so i just wanted to let u know that i luv u all bye guys *kisses*
Just finished my first final
Pissed. K bye.
I really need to start reminding myself more each day that life really is so short and to appreciate the beauty of it
": My son just spoke his first words! He said "Maybach Music!"" This made me think of
I see the "LOL" in it
yeah follow me....
Headed to Orlando!! Here I come I miss my friends n family in the O. Now we can party since da classic over lol its better!
Yes it's possible either Advanced Actions or JavaScript. Depends on what the condition is based upon.
#ImThatPersonWho Says What I Feel .
Spread some butter on me, I'm the toast of the town
RT : Hansen: great leaders need to be productively paranoid.
On the way to the for #Shorts, hoping to meet German nominee ähle
doesn't surprise me one bit :-)
root sports is the channel that misses goals in pens games that's why
Is it just me or am I the only one that craves to play Pokemon games on gameboy pockets? No touchscreen, nothing fancy. Just Pokemon.
Very cool lightning and colors of the sky tonight over Northeast Wisconsin!! Wasn't raining either where I was at!!
it's something about corporate responsibility. Jim Rogers and Joe Craft will be there
4 Stars for Battle LA?! Is Hollywood getting dumber or is Hollywood getting paid?
Make an appointment with us today to see if you are vitamin-D deficient.
Just cooked up a triple batch of cheese grits.
My breasts would've been bigger but I had an eating disorder in year 8 so they didn't develop properly.
Border Wars is next week, when are we going to know how we can watch? It's ridiculous that it's a week out and no news.
We look forward to seeing you again soon! We will be announcing our next event next week. #indy #inspire!
Distance kills.
so i hope to god that i have a good birthday tomorrow...cuz i have never had a good one.
that's right, like that. The stuff I can't play at home because my kids ask questions about words they've never used that way
bang bang bang. <U+E113>
FINAL from DBMilne....FINS 19 Temple 16! WHAT A COME BACK LADIES!!
I must be missing something about Nice to look at I suppose, but how do you spend HOURS there???
thank you! I'm curious about these folk now
Goodnight yall... Gone miss my sweetie toma,but hope he do good
Is it sadder that the Seattle Mariners Jose Lopez has no fan club on Facebook or that I can't figure out how to start my own?
I just bought colors for $5 on #drawsomething - I got tired of not having brown & green
one mix done... it'll at least (hopefully) hold some people over until these next 2 are wrapped up. artwork coming, will post soon.
How is Lebron NOT in foul trouble?
Follow me peeps!!
Be open to your dreams, people. Embrace that distant shore. Because our mortal journey is over all too soon.
aw thanks(: I'm jelly of yours too!
Thx for the Twitter love : "Be sure to follow for great insight into sustainability, entrepreneurship, and #TEDxDU"
when we gettin them tickets
We did it! Thanks, Kristina Frazier Cook, for being our 1500th 'Like'
What about now? What about today? What if you're making me all that I was meant to be. What if our love never went away <3
Yahhh Dee!! we are going to hang out :)
I need you in my life
“Oh, do not ask, 'What is it?' Let us go and make our visit.” <U+2015> T.S. Eliot
My oldest friends became my newest foes..
So when #ESPN doesn't have a sports story to blow out of proportion they make one up internally?
"On a scale of one to P. Diddy, how badass do I look?" :b
This question is burning for me right now so I'd appreciate if you'd all answer... what do you think the thorn in Paul's flesh was?
changed the handle to something less sporty, i think my wings name was hurting the tigers feelings and that's why they couldn't close
hahaha omg i feel like i cant tweet what i want anymore! Or I feel like i sound really weird:/ lol oh well...
Here's to words that tell the truth, when it's easier to lie.
Even the sun sets in paradise
The advert for the last ever #onetreehill, is making me consider watching the entire series so I can see how it ends, hm.
Excited for YOU to WIN.
I lose like 5 pens a day
Just got changed for work in the brooks bros little boys section.
House of Consignment, Chi-Town!!
Ok good, thanks for telling us lol
Why thank you!! Happy Friday! RT : Friday soup of the day + Vegetarian Chili = awesome
#Trivia warm up time! This is for #movie geeks. What’s the name of the place where the movie #Avatar takes place? Trivia starts at 8pm.
Almost to ! Yeeeeeee! Let's go
Nice! I'll repost on FB on Mon. I'm a long-time resident, so I'm happy to provide suggestions for ur next adventure!
Going 2 b a beautiful day 2day. Join us on Main St, Greenwood at public parking across from Circle City Auto Parts. Fixing a dog just for u!
has no shame. I doubt she cares!
we can no longer talk because of that
A horse grown fat kicks. - Italian Proverb
When you find a tiny hole starting in your Ralph Lauren suit!
Hola!thanks for the follow!look forward to connecting.
Possibly the sweetest tweet ever. :) RT : Always nice to have support a phone call away ;)
just finished accoutinggggggggg <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
Role Model; :)
Participants in the 2-mile walk are starting to filter into Camp Randall...
A #RONDO JUMPER?!
Off to the Jewish museum for some hours
Way to go, #MichiganState!
adore those shoes AND the blouse!
Thanks Kevin
Just emailed a group of friends this exact thought - Pack and Pitt have drafted to SB wins, Bears? Awful on regular basis.
#DragRace Sharon Needles! If for no other reason, she just fucking deserves it! Ru please!
tonight I'm gone to the theaters to see a movie!
I can do that
do they count more than one vote because I voted like 20 times!! :O
See you :)
thank ya!
i miss old times
Keep the tweets coming #FF (via )
Amen, Goldie. RT All this rat stuff...let's be clear, Panther fans need to wait until game ends to throw them.
Setting up to film the intro... we should get some blindfolds for the pad. Any recommendations, or company donations?
I feel like wearing a hat.
I think I've seen more Ocean Girl then He-man. Or at least a clearer memory.
Daily Deal - Overlord Complete Pack 75% off! on
If it's in a broader of context of courses w greater pedagogical diversity, yes. Otherwise it might just be jarring.
63 degrees in WV?! Heck yeah!!!!
They ambushed me...comin out of Trader Joe's.... Outnumbered...no match for...#GirlScouts!
ok then
drinking coffee and chasing a song.
agree -- I'm not a huge girl scout cookie fan, but I always buy at least one box cause I like supporting a good cause
Gary Dougherty: Many providers offering family planning care in Ohio are at capacity, cannot accept new patients.
Okay, let me know how you like it. Thx Melony :-) ~Natasha
I just pray I did good on that Spanish quiz...
Sleep...please find me soon
Okay :D
there will be open seats after the game starts for those standing.Some people only coming for the Joey Votto bobblehead
Overall average CTR for #Facebook ads is 0.05% > > do you have any industry breakdowns?
“: I Cant Lie...I Thought We Was In Trouble Or Something Twist ! lmaooo #TeamTwistStillOnTop” !!!!!!!!!!
Chicago is a state...I learned that the other day.
61 RSVP's since yesterday afternoon - and only 64 spots remaining. is flying in from Colorado for it, even!
Your class was amazing yesterday! Your a good teacher too! Great meeting you yesterday.<3
Way to be a gentlemen fuck you.
so now I'm gettin ignored huh...u r terrible
#BESTINSPIRATIONINTHEWORLD my mom
At least we reach Q.final unlike arsenal. . .
where are you?
“Don’t be trapped by dogma, which is living the result of other people’s thinking.”—RIPSteve
don't worry these past 6 weeks I've had enough for both of us
how's your family doing?
ima ditched me D:
Mon morning calling appt line 4cough. Ms Smith u don't need 2 get undressed for colds
Men are much more appreciate that give than what they get.
Been raging on the East Side today. What are you doing?
GO TO THEY HAVING A 25% SALE TODAY ON ALL #CLOTHING AND #SNEAKERS!!!
Sure! I'm posting as much as possible on Facebook facebook.com/springsvisionforum and here using
Haha I'm in for a fun night aren't I?
Does anyone else want to get registered to vote with me?
#Nation...in line for tonight's taping of !!!
Back to the future trilogy on blu-ray has been blowing my mind all week
Have a wonderful Spain dear friend. Don't forget us!
" Tonight gonna be funny is hell "
we haven't gone yet, but thanks for sending it. one of the best veggie restaurants out here :) will have 2 take u when u visit!
My matte red nails remind me of licorice and I want to eat them!
You all taking calls today?
hey justin(: when/are are u gonna go on tour in the USA?? I CAN'T WAIT SERIOUSLY
RT suggestd by kennel....KENNEL UP
Little Chefs has less parties in the summer, so it's a good alternative. Also she has an internship w an off-bway show.
Literally just screamed loud as fuck and almost caused a huge accident
" I'm not much into church clothes.I'm into robes of righteousness.How you dressing?" BlackJeans & 'Got Jesus?' TShirt
Dang, Nancy Grace is bringin it! lol
I hope this swelling in my knee goes down so I can play tomorrow
help me!
Happy mothers day, Mom. You may annoy the fuck outta me but I still love you <3
Remember when MTV was cool and actually play MUSIC VIDEOS and had TRL.....I miss that...
Thanks for the mention Stephanie!
LOL YOUR FUNNY...LUV YA LOTS
Go get 'em. We're here to help.
go on
Phil Porcella having exhibit of lifetime of photography at Hart Street Art in Taunton Massachusetts Also at today's opening A/D Keith Lane
lolz I like sklyer he has like a country voice
: Books I'm reading...The Women who Raised Me and Rules of Civility.
he's been better...
that looks great! just sent link to my 5th & 6th grade tchrs...have used GDocs but not EtherPad will ck out
I want some scallops, lobster, shrimp & corn on the cob on the grill!!! Sounds so good 2 me
“: hello loving the pic keep the good music going”_TYVM!
always and forever
I just got a call from my brother IN Kenya for a happy belated birthday! :)
at 5, why did the Mayor choose to give his State of the City address from ? I'll introduce you to the business!
Bored as hell
Still have a headache. Whine.
watching #TomandJerry while sick > brings back childhood memories.
From the first sentence! :D
There's no better feeling than complimenting someone else knowing you brightened their day.
Am I correct in the assumption that if you're writing about someone who is a heavy drinker, it's ok to drink heavily while writing?
you're right. we are trying to find just the perfect little dark girl.
As much as I'd love to see the Knicks beat the Heat, today kinda proved how remote a possibility that really is.
Quotes of the night so far... 3 tired girls laying in bed saying weird things. " where my dawgs at?"- " he just is a buzz to the kill."
Superchunk. Going through a bit of a phase.
Congrats on the BBCA show. I really enjoyed it. Hope there's more to come!
Just heard listened to Matthew Fox speak @ Agape, very powerful!
We can't wait to spoon with
Braves win. I'm really looking forward to that Braves-Cards series coming up.
omg, I need to tell you shit, like soon.
they must of seen your movie.
Stop public funds for #MPRnews The left wing extreme like that? I want my tax dollars tokeep our people's stadium
Looking forward to catching up with some of the best coaches in the world this weekend at the Global Pickup Conference here in
OrderNow Solid White 300 Thread Count Queen Size Duvet Cover- duvets queen
Concrete bunghole where dreams are made up. There's nothing you can do. Now you're in
BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE!! for me:)
This Friday I'm giving a special #FF to b/c its birthday week!!
I need to give 's new album a listen.
Spending the day with my Mama! I'm so glad she's in Nash!
"We're the best-looking horse in the glue factory," Richard Fisher, of the , tells
#ff for a new take on the #LA food scene. Yum!
Miley, teach me how to use twitter and this iphin tomorrow after class. Thanks bub. From your pal scala.
great to hear. Who was your instructor?
Where are you& I'm so sorry I can not sleep I can not eat tonight..
Tonight Tonight XDDDDD
wanting a union does not mean we have "problems." it means we want the power that we have a right to!
Bristol Palin is as relevant as fanny packs.
I'm sorry I'll ttyl if ur busy
Think how dangerous he would be if he could learn to throw.
Dont stare at me unless you have a conversation to start.
#Bucky defends the Axe! Get your red on...and get it here! 608-241-8807
Thanks for the retweet, Mitch! You are too kind.
I aint ate since 12.....that glass of hen hittin these legs smh...at least I aint drive
Looking forward to hearing more about these plans!
All I want it is a bigger screen and widgets. I don't think my wish of both will come true.
staples center is almost as cold as their kings fans
feed him burgers. Ticket to success
i need this women i can fall over heels for me
I Pissed on Her,You Kissed Her,You Feel In Love With Her I Think i Miss Her
// "I'm not dead yet" - Johnny Costello, on the mens bathroom wall
Upshot of This Amer. Life retraction of Daisey story: we still need to pressure Apple re working conditions in China.
Keep us updated about ur music :)
awesome! I love the AET campus, that's where I learned Photoshop!
this is the most exciting season and these cars are beautiful, especially the Ferrari. Have you seen the Indy cars?
HEY MAN! WASSUP? DID YA BRING THE NESQUIK CEREAL? IVE GOT THE CHOCO MILK! ;)
Voted before kenny!
cual disney?! D:!
thank you for the RT
Me too! We can blame Supermoon? That makes me feel better.
follow me?<3
that's awesome :)
good:) that means I don't have to come and keep you from being a chicken x]
My brain is mush. And now I'm going to have make up work to do. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093> at least I'm done with both my ap exams!
Thanks for the WI VOTING RTs today:
any ideas of how NOT to fall as much? And could you follow me? please?? It would seriously mean a lot. i love BTR and HD! :)
I feel like death.
Damn! I still didnt pick up my check from the mall!
Beautiful weather today! Looking forward to T-Storms tonight and tomorrow. Should been a storm chaser!
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy . &'d She #Teamfolloowback x-9
some of the host cant take a prank. Then resorts to insulting somebody they know nothing about other then a youtube vid.
sometimes I wonder what it's like to be a pathological liar.
hey JP, your amazingg and cant wait to see you at another concert
yall trying to ball on friday
Dear friends, thank you <3
Thanks for posting your tweet re: Bruins and the Budget. It should be a great event!
I hate people that act smart when their not Cheergirl<333
; off to springfield for my lil sisters birthday (: then goinn' to the mall (:
Who is your best dressed from last night?
lol y I'm lying tho
That would be depressing and discouraging
i know but they used to at least rock out! I saw them a few yrs ago n it was a mix of old n new. Theyve gone all droney electro
Fuck this can't sleep..
Lots to do!!
what's a final?
Come in today and pick up one of our popular French Macaroon Gift Boxes!
oh. And a sun dress. :p
They were magical!!!! So ha!
Ran 6 miles in 51 mins and felt great.
Like a zillion other people, I saw The Hunger Games this weekend. Jennifer Lawrence et al were great, but the movie couldn't beat the book.
I'm sure Usually money isn't involved with a teams Honor Code. That's where he went too far, in the locker room or on tape.
RT #rollwithWSWAConvention and Roll with Portuguese #wines! Come taste Portugal at stand 113 Octavius Ballroom.
Mondays at 8pm.
Shout OUT to all the beautiful women on my TL
Just not enough time in the day really, not during THIS season anyhow. We'll be okay, I'll quit whining now 8}
Beer is the new Easter candy
Pabst can pyramid party square third ward celebrating MIAD graduates and the community. FREE PABST to help build pyramid
hell yea
McGinn: “How does govt begin entering this world more fully -- of sharing data, of asking the public to participate in problem solving?”
As soon as a man on Take Me Out says he's interested in fitness, a load of lights go out. Always seems a bit odd.
nothing like the angry birds flying through the dining room:)
its ok <3
More Than Welcome Mee Lady Alicia ... until next.. I bid you ado!!!
Tbh, I am hella scared for junior year x(
Is it obvious at this point the plan all along was for Urban to come back for 1 year?
in gay ass fife. someone come match
THATCamp- ten minute techniques just finished Google.docs
Playing a superb show with in Denver on Feb. 7th. We want an awesome cover song. Any suggestions?!?!
curves > bones
We all fall. Only some, with style.
“ Communion is not an event for you to focus on how unworthy you are, but rather how worthy you are in
did you have..... SNACKS ON SNACKS ON SNACKS.
I licked a subway ring at an ancient indian wedding. Do I die now?
I'm from south Jamacia queens but i rest in Lower Manhattan when the hodd and the hip colide are you ready? New Miss knockout comin soon!
I just spent four hours playing a game on my iPhone. What the fuck?
switchfoot jingle at the start of the rosebowl, really? i hate everything. except for the ducks.
When my boyfriend surprises me at my house <U+E107><U+E106>
Thanks for the #FF pal!
"Soul" is so rooted in Black identity
you rock Ms.Producer! World watch out, she means business.
Vulnerability is our most accurate measurement of courage ~ Brene Brown
Thanks for the like, Chiralies Parrilla!
Thanks, Babette. See you tomorrow.
Somebody that I used to know.......
Thanks for hosting the Social Enterprise event! Learned a lot from Marc.
There is a special place in hell for a girl who steals my cab
check in at the hotel isn't till 3 anyways. The venue is an hour away. Doors @ 6
So according to my wife, Saturday mornings are for taking pictures, not watching footy. "Who are you and what have you done with my wife!?"
I met you in Richmond, I ma sticker guy Global warmin song guy
Thank you!!! Fingers crossed. I sent in the email on Friday. Hope they pick you! It might be a cool pkg too.
DAMMIT WHERE IS THE BREAD IN THIS HOUSE????
right and you said pick up the rookie from Boston and hes now injured.
Dark Shadows. I saw it too! Not bad, Johnny Depp was clever!
I'm just not sure how that would work. Your colleague often covers the SDCC. Maybe she would know.
Evacuation vacation! We're safe & sound.
you're a die hard. Nice
Tough loss for the #Twins, but 3 back with 13 to play is not insurmountable, esp. with 4 left against Detroit
I wanna get back to the old days, when the phone would ring, and I knew it was yoou! <3
Baking my own b-day cupcakes! Usually this is something that some1 else does 4 you, but I <3 to bake so it's like a b-day gift to myself!
you must've missed the part where the Mavs traded him for to Portland for Rudy Fernandez
I can't believe the ending in Darkness II. Before the credits I hated the ending but after the credits I loved it. Playthrough 2 hear I come
man its so cold in the #650 today #FACT and I have nasty sun burn
Adam Lilly from on #SocialMedia recruitment, "Look for a storyteller."
Maybe we want you to show up on our doorsteps.
Please please let me get what I want. Lord knows it would be the first time. - The Smiths
True for so many unfortunately...
Lil wayne new video "How To Love" is very powerful! Women learn to love yourself!! Great message!
Here comes Ondru the Giant.
Right now, the U.S. Congress is considering legislation that could fatally damage the free and open Internet
Bree from #DesperateHousewives is so lucky. I wish I was named after a delicious cheese.
i know right hahahahaha
hey bud! Warmer indeed, 80's & wicked humid. Sweating my bells off! Exploring the waterfront today & off to work tomorrow. Yay!
I had myself convinced at one point.
yeah it is so good! :)
If my basketball skills continue to be dismal, I'm going to have to take up running again.
Cutest boy ever on my background <3 Can you guess who??
Learned hard way ITT Tech is a scam I attended 2 weeks, Pell Grant paid almost $2K when I dropped, they charged me $1300 xtra
it's not healthy
I<U+FFFD>m going to Skype with my boyfriend
#imagine Liam is in a hot tub, you sit on his lap and you can feel something hard against your legs.
We work to prevent Child Abuse in the communities.. Help us to help them!!! "Barefoot'in"-Safe House for Abused Children. Many thanks
what u doing tonight? I'm prob hitting czar
don't talk about my mamma like that!!!
Outrageous: my sex drive.
doing hair. rec and then library
Due to illness, the Starbucks show is cancelled. I will announce the new date soon. Stay tuned. Sorry & thanks.
I have to make some necessary changes in my life.
Featuring Moet Imperial and Nectar in 187ml split bottles for all month of December for only $18
My Mamaw has gotta be the best cook in the whole entire world.
let me try to be nice-1st I never question ur choice of avatar why do u care about mine? I said they were drama
i'm just now hearing about you today, you doing good?
Wii Golf perhaps no longer the challenge it should be; just birdied 6 of 9 holes. Actual golf would be sufficiently humbling.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RICKY!!
you big fanny haha lovin the shirt. Just came out for a few beers in old town. Wow it's hot out 100 out.
and it takes a lot of patience, cause justin's in his car, going from one place to another, and we're there RUNNING.
Everything's fine
Yo Cryptic Wisdoms "Tear the Walls Down" video got you tube locked up at 301 views since 1:45pm today cuz of all the views its gettin
text me
OH and I got an AWESOME new NERF gun today. I am very excited about it! Who's ready to have a war?
Just finished taping this weekend's #AmericasNow. Gearing up for #BizAsiaAmerica with He has an intv with
Gonna give Will the benefit of the doubt on that one and assume it's the hamstring.
You can also use to earn some extra cash :) Simply take photos of places requested by others. Several requests in SF
God help me but I (probably because of lack of sleep) am looking forward to Syfy's Death Valley: The Revenge of Bloody Bill.
Thanks. Nice to e-meet btw.
justin bieber is performing at fau next weekend
sleep on it. See how you feel in the morning.
lol....uh huh
God want spirtual fruit, not religious nuts :)
do it! Lol
ohh ok then that's good. :D
that's pretty much what I do all day. lol Except I get paid. lol ;-p
Thanks for following us!
Conratulations to you & hubby! Nice to hear some GREAT news about you. You both will be amazing parents!
using fossil fuels is like cigs or bad food: good in the short term but bad in long term, and hard to control or quit.
Yes, I used the term "#BeastMode" in a news release today!
Major Automobile TV commercial today
I would fall over and die if and did a song together
Samsung tops Apple in mobile survey of U.S. subscribers
Wait, don't tell me.
Super cute picture!
Hey Johnny! Haven't run into you at an games this year yet:(
i hardly log in to this account now. i needa start logging in more..
hey fool follow me
going thru major new york city withdrawl right now..i can't.
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK EVERYBODY STOP & GO HIT THE FOLLOW BUTTON NOW >> ¦<U+25AC><U+25BA>¦<U+25AC><U+25BA>
What's been the biggest challenge for you in getting through your day working at home?
what's up girl ? When are we going out?
Once, in 1998, I read a website's terms and conditions page
“: has some DOPE ASS EDM Mixes!!” thanks homie
Lily Pond East Hampton WHAT!
thanks Damien. I didn't know and it appears many others don't. I've been blocked by some due to this. :(
oh whatever zaa my friendship is more important then quentin.lol
SKINS FEST SCHOLARSHIP FUND available to Native students attending or entering college.www.laskinsfest.com for details
After yesterday's win over the Mariners, the Brewers are 20-3 and still in first place in the AL East.
Q. What's the last thing Tickle Me Elmo receives before he leaves the factory? A. Two test tickles
": #catchphrase of the night: That was heat! #useit " you know it!
In East Texas, where he comes from, he's called Ross Pee'-roh.
Paradise Misplaced
I need to start plannin my cuddys bachelorette party were already in march, july will be here before ya know it
As free as my hair is trending right now... Makes me think of !
Danny I hate you
I would probably hit Skip Bayless if I seen him
TGIF! What are your plans for the weekend?
and they picked you.... yikes :P
You deserve to be with someone who makes you happy. Someone who doesn't complicate your life. Someone who won't hurt you.
Brotherly love ;)
I hate leaving my house confident and looking good and then not seeing anyone of importance the entire day. What a waste...
Wow, x2! New ballgame at the RG! and Edmonton now tied at 3!
RT New Blog post Just finished reading Times cover story on Twitter. Good piece all around. Made it clear that social search is
thx. How r u today?
Hey sexy. I'm following you now 8-)
me either :D what're u up to? :)
Timeout could be Gelato :) “: I'm in need of a timeout stat! Lol”
i don't take midterms :P
I love you!!<3
LAST TYME I CHECKED ITS DIME A DOZEN WIT ME; WALKER HOMES IN VEINS PLUS DEY KNO DAT IMA G
haha. They said what most people think about dook!
Omg did that just happen
Or would it be Dallaslicious
Were is my bf
I swear to God my #Celtics are going to give me a stroke.
what it do ?? lol im freshly hangin!
Listening to Pam Brinegar topic researching 19th century African American women.
I told you!
After stellar version of Tobacco Road on live album "Road work" by Edgar Winter & White Trash, they need not hv bothered.
why? Are you okay?
THAT'D BE SO RAD! what time do you think you'll you be cupping?
Don't miss the Study Abroad Fair 6-8:30 tonight in Smith Banquet Hall.
The little things.
At the crib watching the game u?
Who's getting a free ride to Irish Fest and a free drink on the FREE Shuttle to Irish Fest at Blackthorn!?
Do they not pay us just for being cute? :)
Happy New Year to all our readers and sponsors!
come down from the nose bleed section - I saved you a seat #waitthisisntmadisonsquaregarden #bigeast>big12
First think. and then speak.
agreed...new line, new front teeth, renewed confidence
btw, the tree above the pineapple is an avocado tree. There are already baby avocados on it! :)
Follow back?(:
You are welcome anytime! Actually, we really need to plan that lunch... :)
Lesson for today: Flying on the same plane as a high school hockey team is not fun. Sitting directly behind them is REALLY not fun.
!!!***FREE iPad2***!!! Register at yldcevapalooza.com before Dec 24th and you are entered to win.
Thanks RT : is a cutie I didn't know you was following me?
When did the #nba become world cup soccer?
It so hot I want to punch someone in the face!!!!!
so Roger likes old persons candy? What other secrets do you have Malena? :D
Going to bed VERY early. Night all. Tweet dreams :p
Im #Calm now, chilled out a lil #Nw Sniper Reloaded
FWIW, I approve.
Totally. Saw back in 2007. Don't want to miss them again!
Nuggs game 2 against LA! Let's get it!
I just like don't even understand how it can stank like that. Think it's the river but damn son
eminem space bound eminem beautiful eminem 25 to life eminem going throught changes eminm not afraid eminem talkin 2 myself
hunger games, Harry potter, shadow children series, Percy Jackson series, and this book called just don't fall down
I WISH MY PARENTS WERE REALLY IN MY LIFE IM SO LONELY :,(
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 11
Studying for chem is awful...except when my favorite person in the world brings me smoothie king!!
Jo$h Hamilton - another dinger
It's pouring rain this morning and I love it!
There is something bigger than fact: the underlying spirit, all it stands for, the mood, the vastness, the wildness. - Emily Carr
RT! : Buy me whatabuger so I know it's real :)
thank you ray. i have something coming in the mail to you and heather
These lake show stans should not be talkin anything right now just be quiet
you got swag but you got on the same thing that she.. her.. her.. and HE got on. foh
If you are tired of talking about Tim Tebow, retweet.
#TEAMPAYZER #LiamandDanilietogetherforever I hope one day u will see this but it will never happen! :(
.: "what is more intrusive than telling every woman in America that their decisions will be made right here in congress?"
LOVE YOU THANKS FOR THE PICTURE
hey bro hope cali is treating u well, hit me up when u get a chance
Sitting at my desk wondering who paired a sleepy sock with my good sock.
I hate itunes never use it again. Use Google music.
Mom&#39;s stress during pregnancy can affect baby&#39;s iron status
It's decided. Cutting my hair super short tomorrow!
WTF? Just saw the whole Strongsville's police dept for a car accident aint no dead bodies just a dude rollin on the ground with a hurt knee
But whomever is smashing the business & car windows, you're just creating work for maintenance & construction crews.
I saw :) Haha did you spy me? I made the trailer!
Hey Doc of D, was today the big day?
can't wait!
Indy on Monday?! I think yes <3
Trent Lockett is a big get for Marquette. was one of my favorites I cover in my time at ASU. Natural leader.
#Buzzcation anybody watching the video?!!
I always feel underestimated. But there is power in surprise. ;-)
I'll be on trend. I brought a whole bag just of sunglasses. California, here comes.
Wed of next week?
Greg Christian speaking today at the Ben E Keith Food Show in Albuquerque, NM - #sustainability business case for Restaurants
To imagine is everything, to know is nothing at all. Anatole France
the Himba video is interesting. Sent a friend of mine to your blog, she works exclusively with post-concussion vets
is spending the night tonight(:
Matt has created Lullaby because his sleep sucks. I want to be a participant for the same reason. Personal Informatics workshop
We riding we rolling
Ask about out weekend #summer #wedding room blocks at the brand new Roger #Hotel!
#tebow will try buddha next year
I want to meet Austin more than anything.<3
omg! that is wonderful photo!
and I shall never let shadows run into the valley again but light that stretches beyond what my eye and your eye can see
Happy Sunday!!!
NO ONE WANTS YOU HERE ANYWAYS
thanks for the RT! x
They just shut down I-25 right there...
you can talk all you want, but you can't hide what you are
About to hit the cardio hard! I'll hit the weights later today!
I want to read a book in the shower.. dunno how that works though
WHO ROCKS NATURAL HAIR? WE DO! How about you? Join So Chic Accessories LOVING MY NATURAL SELF Campaign and Post a PIC....
The Snowpocalypse. There has never in the history of the world been more snow then this. Every man for themselves. Tell the world our story.
hahahahah he's annoying!
Wait... Whitney Houston was still alive?
I ever tell you that our MD at Q in Philly had Stevie B. sing at her wedding?
I want to be at Cracker Barrel!
you're just jealous I didn't share with you.
so what r u guys going to bring me?
Hey knucklehead :) Hopefully you're still playing #Suiko II
ok thats it lmaoo *GETS BOOTS*
Anyone know how's the wifi in heaven?
Cody - "I am gay, but I don't see myself marrying a guy...I see myself later in my life marrying a girl." Is this possible? lol
it's one of those weekends I miss you like crazy.
Perplexed earlier on how to get to the Warner Parkway from McIntire Park. Went through neighborhood- probably not the way i was to go.
Personal best ride at lunch time today. Brain cells are firing and ready for an afternoon of meetings!
I just watched greys anatomy from last night & is in tears :(
Wow, we weren't yet aware you were spreading the word about us. Thanks for the support!
I talk too much when i'm drunk. I don't talk when i'm high..
Thank you to you, as well!
It doesn't say! !
unless after June 1 he is released, then prorated over next TWO years
lol it's a song bro.. But yea I'm still a CB
I'm sure we'll talk about our cost analysis sometime next week instead.
Review: Sony Xperia S Android Smartphone - Canadian Reviewer
didn't get that far lol
I don't wanna go to work...can't I just bang on my drums all day???!
Your cheese elves r busy filling all those baskets full of great cheese from the midwest and yonder!! Just save some 4 me!
hit my phone
Brett Moody killing it at the Snowboard Jr Worlds! Heading straight to the finals! Go Team Summit!
RT : Luis Cruz blasts a solo homer that bounces off Fernando Martinez's glove and over the fence. 'Topes lead 6-4, B-5
Lol prince look hot
We don't have any physical tickets, but you can buy them from the venues. We have most links on our Facebook tour tab!
Vince guaraldi is the man
lol... gotta start somewhere...
Next up, will be filming an episode of a new web series, produced by the same company.
It's so nice out! Roll your car windows down and blast the Visions EP!!!
If happy ever afters did exist, I would still be holding you like this.. <3
ROTFL. RT : RT : Kill the phrase "Live Tweeting." >>>CAN YOU ADD "GO VIRAL" TO THAT?
girl there aint no time for that ishh. we're 18. we're only 18 for like a year! come on! i wanna draw like a huge penis!
New Episode Of The #BGC8 With In An Hour <3
last a day and the reason I'm here isn't here...ok well I guess
Tired, extreme headache, bored.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
1:43 pm in New York <U+2661>
I don't know what I'd do if you left me so please don't go away<U+E022>
I definitely agree. I love that book and have read it many times. Each time I learn something new.
Lol RT I know y'all wish you had a friend like b/c we talk about absolutely everything and it is hilarious
thx buddy. appreciate it.
Now, if I could just get more followers on my Tumblr and other blogs.
very cute
wow, i hadn't heard about that yet. they definitely need to get a petition going
Maybe possibly heading to Drink bar with in a few to celebrate.
My comedy is different every time I do it. I don't know what the hell I'm doing. -Adam Sandler
I have no reason to fear losing. I'm already broke. LOL
Thank you so much for passing this on!
just saw Jordan's tweet happy bday. You get a 5d :)
There is some major women power at the Style Network Had a great meeting!
And MLB did not prove he did....at this point innocent until proven guilty based on decision.
dear pomplamoose, why cover the most overplayed song of 1998? seriously, that aerosmith song from armageddon? is this supposed to be irony?
We can do that for you! What exactly are you looking for? Send me an email at so we can go over it.
Why just the other day I wrote with chalk! Such an upgrade from that bark on slate.
Long Pregnancy Tied to Kids' Behavior Issues - MedPage Today
it feels like its sunday...
In fact, it is best to invest in high quality equipment, as this is what will ensure that you are doing quality recording
About 4 hours from home, missing my boy! I love you baby! 10.29.10 <3
Our #ROC and #ALB offices will be closed from Friday at noon until Wed at 8am. We hope you have a great 4th of July wknd!
You are my happy place<U+E022>
Isaac bruce here also RT : Torry Holt is gonna be a busy guy... Rams have a boatload of picks.
lover of life and natural beauty? The G Hursh I know doesn't mind a little silicone...lol
Surprise! Research shows: all patients prefer simple health information with plain and clear language.
THANKS and Love our loyal followers!
Brother and sister get prison for robbery
Shower time. I got new shampoo that makes my hair smell like WHOA
which boy? vinny, jason, julian, or chris?
Idol was on
Pretty pumped about this volleybally thing at with some cool cats. Good thing we are in the C league though lol
And some fucking rebounds
SSM Weight Loss Institute is first in Missouri to offer single incision laparascopic weight-loss surgery
Great spring break so far. Stickam tonight. Guitar Center tomorrow to pick up that ibanez.
I'm officially starting my diet on Monday, by the way. Dropping thirty pounds by my birthday, here we go.
Relationship are like rubber band when your pulling it..it always hurt when the other person let's go
#wtf am I watching
Duck Dynasty is something else
So who's JJ going to cast as Kruge? As the Whale Probe?
Up at 5am due to extremely vivid nightmares
This is SO exciting. Seeing Blair Underwood meet a distant cousin directly related to him in Africa. Watching Who Do You Think You Are?
Not only is it Veteran's Day, but in 1865 the first female army surgeon , Mary E. Walker was awarded a Medal of Honor.
lmao dam right you be sittin in there hurtin
Its so hard to get a follow back:(
I'm rooting for Blake & Lin!!!
Heading to the Pratt Street Ale House with ASME Baltimore for a tour of the brewery.
Independent artists have a dream and a perspective to share with you. Listen!
The Music My Mommy Listening To Right Now >>>>>
thanks to you and I continue to search for the energy/discipline to stick with book length projects.
I just played Mastermind for the first time in years! It's pretty fun -- until you learn the optimal strategy, that is... Ever played it?
yikes! Chris - following heaps of twitterers you are! ... hope you find time to write another! :)
So sorry to hear abt yr mom. My mom had a heart attk when I was in college: I know how it goes. I'm not at MCN either: dbl booked!
nights like this i just wanna spend it with the people who mean the world to me
"I don't think there is one thing more important you can do for your kids than have family dinner." - Ruth Reichl | RT
collective kicked off 6 week tour in amherst tonight. at in burlington, vt friday.
It's all your fault.
To lake george with my mommy and justine for pizza and ice cream.
Q10- Be there WITHOUT judgment. Society judges us enough lets not do it to one another.
Had a great time talking to sophomores about college readiness at #AbrahamClark High School in yesterday.
Hope the Easter Bunny was good to everyone! Happy Easter to you and yours!
People of the Book by Geraldine Brooks #greatread Loved the way many stories came together to form one!
Special report on the 1-year anniv. of Navy SEAL strike that killed Osama tmrw, feat. Howard Wasdin and Brandon Tyler Webb
For some reason my pictures r not showing up on my blog, at least on my computer they aren't. Only having this problem with blogger. HELP!
lol u suck
RT : Social Media: "It's not one big thing, it's a lot of small things building up..."
must be impressed by bernie brewer's mustache dominance.
George Zimmerman charged with murder in the second degree
In good. Give a good reason why i should follow!!! RT : Hi :) how are you? Please follow :) x
": Grip wide get wide. Then...wait for it...... #Beach...and Kelly's" pics of naughty girls in little please
EVERYONE SHOULD FOLLOW HIM ... NOW !
Today, for me, it's back to the basics, to Voltaire, from Candide: Il faut cultiver son jardin. Amen!
They used to have gambling on the flights.
Really? Using a Twisted Sister song to promote Extended Stay America hotels? When did I get this old?
Right who does that!
Why is Brett Cecil pitching in AA ball now?
viewers send intopics and we discuss them being 100% real about it! We are far from politically correct! U can b a caller!
Yes, I really liked that movie, although I thought it could have been a lot more clever.
Ari Gold is the best character in anything ever, and thats not negotiable
The marmalade band kicks major ass!
"Share and Flourish"?
Good list! RT
Christopher on PR has always been cute, but tonight he's adorable!
Ice cream! Love you!
I don't really shop at Jcpennys but now I will go their as often as possible!!!
Don't rely on others for what you can do for yourself
good of you 2 hold it together in studio while being shouted at about those demigods of rugby- James Simpson-D & Olly Morgan
that's how I felt about my fiancee when we first met! ;D best feeling in tha world
#jælle fashion movement coming your way soon
Thanks my man.
how do you know about two serial killers?! that kind of worries me..
BYO cupcakes for all?
Things Longer Than Kim's Marriage: Her hair, the prenup, C.J.'s Column about it, the drive to Hollywood from MPLS, Humphries's career....
Since you're so unappreciative, please remember not to ask me for anymore favors.
eReader class Main 2nite. 7PM. See Kindle Fire. Experience iPad2. Or just come & hang out with me, b/c I'm pretty cool!
One final exam done, two to go. Stopped by the Alumnae Association party... is this whole graduating thing really happening?
4k! woohoo, just tweet me #FollowMeRomoTheCat and i will do my best to follow you! :D
i miss you too...so get your butt out here woman
For those of y'all who flip out on how I go from one extreme to the next in my tweets,just understand I'm only human!
I'm feelin Famous !
Fascinated with all the expansion of hospice care services to home health, bereavement, palliative care. Truly a mission...
The excitement of waking up to the buzzing of chainsaws in the neighborhood is something only some of us can truly appreciate. :)
damn neighbors. shaking my top floor condo unit and making my couch sway! Thx for checking! xo :-)
Got my nishiki up!
wait, you're a culinary god! Didn't have enough strawberries to get ratio right. Anything I can put on them to cool them?
the things that were done tonight...#holyshit 45 minutes to go!
If you are making a decent salary in a non-union company, you owe that to the unions. -
Evening friends!!!! Looking for #realrnb ???? Well its right here:
it's a captioned photo!
Give yourself a discount on home improvements this year. I show you how
I would like to read some Megan Draper long-con conspiracy theories.
I hope to follow up last year's memorable visit working with a terrific team of student filmmakers there.
anyways. going back over to lattterrrr.
Happy Friday! My favorite time of the week! The weekend! :)
Happy April fools (:
I missed the show I didn't get to see the iconic boyz perform I thought it was coming on at 8:30 I'm so stupid
rice with sugar & butter has to be the most unhealthy thing in the world...but its so dxmn good
Join the Scott camp 2nite for an awesome event! 7pm in Mukilteo, DM me 4 details!
damn. . i cant believe he died, RIP Gabriel
If I wear only grayscale to work today, will my boss get the hint that I'm not happy they called me in?
haha yea ok I'm not that bad...7AM is probably the time I have to be up at on weekdays because of school
Thanks a lot for the TotD!
morning all! feeling a little under the weather. hope to shake it as the day progresses! still praying for those in Haiti
it looks great. How did the big decision go?
Did anyone wear or see feminist halloween costumes this year?
RT : Check out 's Morning 10, the news you need to start your day in Chicago business:...
Two injured in Chestnuthill crash - Pocono Record
I can't watch #BOYFRIENDVIDEO :(((((
The ULTIMATE #Sacrifice & Offering Was Made To Cover The #Sins Of Humanity. Happy Good Friday To ALL! A #GoodFriday Indeed!
I would on a special occasion but usually niggaz blow they whole check lol
. gotta have just the right bounce to the puff...next is animating the shoulder shrug...
#Grilling out tonight? Add some JD’s #SalsaSeasoning to your kabobs or steak for a new family favorite!
Our Reg Reform Bill is on Gov's desk and will be signed. Investment friendly/Requires CLEAR Regs! Congrat Rep Ted Vogt, and THANKS!!
Richie is great for work dance party! RT : The only one on the 3rd floor of the office equals dance party time!
*Done Done Done w/work*Finally*Now maybe find a pool & drinks* #Vegas#
nothin. working on music
Nigga how did I just slip AND fall on carpet? With shoes on:/
Welcome all to Epic User Group week in Madison! Visit us if you get a chance, and enjoy a great week in Madtown!
Great abs vid on Google+!!
Haven't tweeted much in a while. I've had a lot on my mind. Guess I forgot that's what Twitter is for, hahaa.
okay thats coo i left all the contact info for you thanks man
I'm finna clip these nails
Yes, Grothman is a complete Loser. Watching him lie will suck you dry. No worries: He WILL be RECALLED!
Maliciously Bittersweet, and lately that's all you can be ~ <3
“: You have no idea how much I adored Donna Summer-throughout my entire life--and always will. #RIP #DonnaSummer” ~ Dorchester born
My baby Rayle' got her ears pierced 2day & she was mad 4 a second!! Happy Mother's Day tweeters!!
totally funny!
HALLOWEEN WEEKEND!
We are all leaders: How many lollipop moments in your life?
I love laughing.
HE'S A ZOMBIE HES NOT LISTENING TO YOU
Who says Mondays are a drag? Tasting 2002 #Meursault for Sommelier Journal.
“: What if the Hokey Pokey really is what it's all about?” hahaha this is the twitter thing
guys, why do I deal with stress by watching musicals?
will do. Our friend may apply 4 intership. Fashion merchandising major @ kent st! Interned at marc by marc jacob. C u @ tech events?
Lots going on
The average size of an erect penis is 5 inches, and the average NON-erect penis is about 3 inches.
Newly single and already have a stalker
looking for excellent dinner - Sunday & last nite in NOLA - suggestions?
congratz that so cool
thx. After I check in I'm off.
I had it too...BBQ chicken pizza, well done! “: California Pizza kitchen was great for dinner!”
Thank you for follow me guys! You're amazing! I have more and more new friends :)
Where we MAKE your dream to a healthier and fit lifestyle come true
Watching the game wit babe
come to geems now
#Education is foundation to solution of many world problems
hey paul! Thanks so much! Im in long island how about you?
she never suffers
A recent survey has said that 29% of owners sleep with their pets on the bed
ok... you're more like an elf actually
Join us May 11th at 6pm for FREE food/drinks, dancing & prizes at the QBar's Gala Opening. RSVP on Facebook, to be eligible to win prizes!
Do you smell what the Rock is cookin!
Today: bong water on the #7. Yesterday: A greek chorus on black race relations in America complete with rap & hymn
So yea #TeamBobbyV is waayyy better than any team ur reppin'....except 4 any team affiliated with my savior!
"All I want is a good home and a wife and a children and some food to feed them every night" <<--- oh naw we can't be cool lol
OMG I heard you singing happy birthday to mike ! I'm Theos friend that's how I know lol.
Lmao at the Laker & there defense!
Beach House - Norway - 01:20 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Amen! "Choosing a donor database often seems like a game of Pin The Tail On The Donkey."
Just finished that final in 10 min. Took 12
Everything fell apart, reality set in. My heart broke today.
and i lost a follower! don't laugh! when you have only 70, each one counts! :-)
No matter how much you care, some people just don't care back.
my sister and I used to do the sock wars all the time! We used to build forts out of the couches too. calling her now...
dr.Conrad Murray is going to pay for the pain he's put the jackson family thru. He's simply GUILTY
great trade yesterday! Super excited!
Good luck to everyone running the Wisconsin marathon and half-marathon tomorrow.
Wish I was watching the #NBAplayoffs right now
#FF ~> "Never Under-Estimate A Woman With Fierce Ambition."
haha awesome clip dude...love the "car commercial" effect :)
the Hell it is!
haha i know..cover up is lik more for spots on you that needss more help and foundation is ur overall face that much i know lol
It's really hard to take a #nap with people doing karaoke at the pool, right outside my window. And, the Thong Song? Really?
Obama to heed the Rahmfather's advice. An offer he couldn't refuse?
I just tried to own "winnerwinnersheendinner" but someone beat me to it.
I can tell you this. It starts on the 2nd.
"Fado Dos Namorados" with David Couto this weekend. Friday and Saturday.
I calls it likes I sees it...!
welp that's who created Peter pan. &if she still needs someone else to put put down hitler.
awww your my bestie too =D
It's going to be hard for Win Butler to stay in the band once he cuts that arm off.
#factswithoutwikipedia SOPA/PIPA - a mexican dessert covered with cinnamon and sugar often served with honey.
i know things get hard but girl you got it, girl you got it, there you go. :)
so i have a martyr complex apparently, according to my astrological chart...truth hurts sometimes
Chiropractic bootcamp. One session/day for five days. Chiropractic, pt or massage. Daily tx is 1/2 hour. $200 1st week $100 following week.
I am so old fashioned with my emails...I shoulda tweeted about the QR codes! Darn it.
Good game cowboys
Broncos-Patriots: the cool thing is the # of people who saw the Focus on the Family commercial. John 3:16.
In love with my new car =) her name is honey <3
Just wanted to say hello and thanks for the follow.
Come to Film & Law CLE 5/16 8:30 am full day seminar. I'm presenting on ethical preparation of witnesses. Screenland Theatre
#fridayreads The Gift by Hafiz, almost done! Poetry month FTW! And also We Make Mud by Peter Markus. good catch!
Just joined so excited to connect with everyone!
yeah,I did
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks everyone for coming out last night! Reading Series went great!
RUSH TICKETS for SOUTH PACIFIC! 2 hrs prior to all shows you can buy $20 tix (cash only, limit 4, subject to availability) at our box office
We've reached 500 followers! Thanks to all our Twitter friends and colleagues.
sorry for replying so late. but he is an aspiring 15 yr old singer that lives in Texas
"The Lord will fight for you and you need only be still." Exodus 14:14
ANGRY FACE!!
Help us
It's very bizarre to see the Doctor kung-fu fighting. Well,technically, it wasn't kung-fu, but the point still stands.
yeah America and really isn't it hot all year there?
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. Except when is attending Follow Cam to hear all about it, and to geek vicariously.
Happiness is going crazy!! CLAM THIS CHICK DOWN!
Josh Hamilton with 4 HR's last night for the Rangers. WOW...only 16 players have ever done that. That is impressive.
#ifididntmissthatcall ME AND GMONEY WATCHED AN EPISODE EARLIER
I want to thank all of you GREAT Liberals out there who have allowed us to reach 1,000 Followers. This is a great sign for the Election!!!!!
is getting emotionally prepared for Ghost Rider 2.
Nexus Prime huh? What do u not like about the iPhone?
That NATO shit I'm nervous <<<<<< Lol.
By putting the Outdoor Stadium public infrastructure in the bonding bill, it will require 60% majority or 81 votes in House.
HA! “ Kanye West just arrived: "you know me, I don't do press," he said as he headed straight for the entry. #MetGala””
u love the game big bro
Back In school.Feel like shit . . .Sick
A marginal increase in unemployment and a marginal decrease of consumption spending, among unidentified individuals.
And wiki is happy hanging with her grandpa and doggy friends already :)
I told you so! I saw the movie Actor and its phenomenal!
Craving some #JoeyBuonas right now. Definitely my favorite place to dine in #Mke!
I am so glad I didn't drink last night or this morning would be ten times worse.
Full spread: donuts cookies brownies...... jealous.
What's happening in Paso this holiday weekend?
Sobbing over a deep dish pizza RT : What are Jon Barry and Wilbon doing right now !?!?!?
On recruiting influencers for npo events "teams that are social bond & are loyal to not only your event, but the team"
I feel like a buffet.
This my sonnngggg!!
hahaha it just happened. We burnt some calories
Oh we did at our church and it was great. We are okay. God has blessed us and we enjoy life again. U have to go on.
Great matchup. Let's go
Everyone knows Billy Heywood is going to be the reason the #MinnesotaTwins get to the series
Oh, hey more daylight. You're welcome to stay as long as you want...
so tired!
just found out tonight at dinner that I'm related to #Levene #famous?
Have a beer for me too.
Happy mothers day sis
I'm back(:
Synth takes points and calls it before Tata can engage her scoring run Rotties - 32, Maulers - 8
They made us hate ourselves & love they wealth
New TORNADO WARNINGS for east central Chippewa, southwestern Kandiyohi, and northwestern Renville counties in central MN until 4:45pm
when's the soonest #Sounders may announce signings (is it Jan 15th)? (now having to replace Keller, Riley, Wahl, & secure Mauro)
Couldn't sleep so I went on my elliptical for 45 minutes . Now I'm ready for bed.
Good deals! RT : #Proveer #GOA2011 specials are as hot as the weather is in Orlando today! Make sure you visit us at booth 423!
Want to go green for your next move? Be sure to give us a call and mention our Facebook or Twitter for a 10% off discount!
Were camera whores
The problem with some people is that when they aren't drunk, they're sober. -William Butler Yeats
the greatest gift i have ever received was when God put you in my heart :)
anyone else there?
Debate tournament tomorrow..arriving at school at 6:45am? I'd rathher not. <//3
thnks really appreciate
THANK YOU!!!
Man the "heat" in big big trouble smh
Came back from dentist can't eat for half an hour ewww it tastes gross uhgg I'm hungry
Yeah, but you won't earn any beer that way!
hahaha... Kinda something like that.
Have a recital tomorrow :/ ugh and I think I'm getting sick
Chuck Norris has already been to Mars; that's why there are no signs of life there.
can u please follow me plz I realy want u to follow me
Have such a short temper today<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Moore : Challenges, cont. - 3) "College for all" mantra - needs refinement to accommodate all young people...
and when james tripped lol
Happy 40th Sesame Street!
I could use BOTH Bethenny. My spirit/attitude is off. I've heard yoga really is great for that.
Gonna rock in softball tonight
Been busy recording bubble babbles all week! Releasing them in a couple days
Love it. I am sure you watch How I Met Your Mother with Robin?
Had I known a huge inheritance was involved I would have thought about it longer.
We printed Best of 2011 books that came out today! Pick up a copy at Stinkweeds -- www.stinkweeds.com
You're welcome. I"m looking forward to more of your Tweets.
i love tht song
- uh huh, the same fed reserve that begged 4 big bank bailouts. Yep, they have a lot of credibility on financial issues nowadays.
my 11:11 wish is 4 u to follow me and say u love me
#nowwatching Ice Loves Coco. Love this show.
Cast to play zimmermans dad in a one night only live event in LA on the 14th stay tuned for more info.
Happy bday tony head!
Oy. The forehead kiss. Been there. Not good
I know! How did you know the middle one was me!
Love our Fajitas?? Try this afternoon's Torta featuring Grilled Chicken, Green & Red Peppers, onions, Chihuahua Cheese and lettuce!...
come on grow some balls and take it like a man. and btw get your ass to school.
Never. I know the term
Thank you!! RT : put on an awesome conference. Appreciate you all for allowing me to speak
Hey Kelli...Thanks for following me...following you too!
got you
You can borrow them from libraries or other websites, or people that have them or you can buy them. they're cheaper too
lmao jay is&me too wallah I did not know then like a month ago I searched them up&found out he was Irish but he still look good
Sex appeal is fifty percent what you've got and fifty percent what people think you've got
Thanks for the x-mas wishes. Hope you had a good day!
Thanks bro! Drummer Charlie Z
electricity is in & out tonight. confirms i really dont understand how the internet works.
Shit ppl say
RT : Spent every day of my 30's puttin' in hard work, so today I can turn 40 and say w/ a smile - I'm just gettin' started!
JUST two days me and host this big sexy beach birthday party.
I'm rolling thru La Mesa from Fresh&Easy and I see my neighbor with a sign in his yard.. I need to get me one..
Wow, thats impressive! I don't know if I could go an entire week without sugar... not sure I could go one day!
How old is your current carpet? Before you replace it, let us help you get a few more good years out of it!
And she suppose to be a virgin lol : RT : Her pussy so good you want to keep eating and never get full.
fister v nova... not exactly the game 5 match up I was looking for but its all good. lets go
SPU students! Open Mic is at the Qcafe tonight! Make sure to get here by 6 to sign up and the show will be beginning around 7!!!!!
He was a Celtic...
Well at least i am up b4 3pm, I tried but the serving of daily life funk always keeps me down. Gotta turn my frowns upside down! Y'erd Me!!
And honestly, we don't even do that well.
Love that new winning avatar of yours!! ROck on, Girl!!
Your voice was the soundtrack of my summer.
one of the points i was making earlier...that gaze is a mutha
the best husband in the world.When Im feeling down u know just how 2 make me feel strong again.I love u and we will get through this 2gether
I've favorited like all of ur tweets. Thanks for tweeting what i think!! You got balls guuurl! :D <3
i would rather lose to you in an argument than to lose you to an argument
You could always watch the movie, I guess. :)
a lotta of em haters...but most of em groupies
Iced fucking coffee
This is our first big snow fall all winter. We usually average 55-60 inches a year. Very dry winter for us!!!
check us out on twitter and facebook!!!
If you're not on our mailing list and want to get an invite to the Resounding Vision Award party, let us know at
As a band and just kids suicide has touched us so much you have no idea. This was so true!
Welcome new followers:
Looked like the same crappy side ob he drew up the play b4!
“God is the experience of looking at a tree and saying, 'Ah!” - Joseph Campbell
finally signed up for after all these months of twitter foreplay. cant wait to get the first shipment. thanks
It's depressing to watch Jackie Chan shilling for vegetable juice.
bad at bein' subtle. But I aint that tough.
Where will the music go next?!
: Attended an A+ Rehearsal By , & Stefan Edwards for #MTMSoundStage! Can't wait2 c on deck!
7 New Facebook Changes Impacting Businesses
is getting the #deng in #clubrick tomorrow
Just saw Voltron:The End by ! epic! :)
gah now i want to see you!! -_______- thanks.
Cracked my iPhone. FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
It's choice-not chance- that determines your destiny.
wanting a run.
Oh no I do not like this new Activity thing. Can I turn it off?
Thanks, conveyed. And thanks for the heads up about , looks sharp w/ et. al. May try to compose my thoughts.
Only 22.5 hours until the PACKERS 2011 season begins!!! I don't think I'm gonna be able to sleep tonight! Squuueeeeeeee!!! 8-)
Hair gone
I'm so sore it hurts my ab's when I sneeze :)
Don't let your fears win.
Shopping Like A Crazy Bastard
I believe in god .... And i believe that any one also couldve created the world and we all believe in somethin ehh ?
Due to the NBA lockout, wife was forced to spend actual time with Kobe Bryant. Divorce pending
": Obert & Valentina are annoying but they don't ruin my day."
read your spring maintenance blog, couldn't agree more
Two float entries from the Girls Scouts. Honoring years past and present.
I'm not
Thanks for the follow!
I welcome following you. I'm in business with a friend who does documentaries so I want to learn.
Dom Dwyer is all over the field, Dom just had a great chance but the Goalie got it. Bulls still applying most of the Pressure.
Can you sell a Small Giant and keep the Mojo? Fascinating thought leader conversation incl many of our past CEO Retreat speakers....
No man is lonely eating spaghetti; it requires so much attention
Love my life atm
thanks for the RT!
This girl done hit my car!
Today in Literary History: On March 5, 1953 Herman Mankiewicz (American screenwriter known for CITIZEN KANE collaboration) died in CA.
Well its whatever tho right? :)
i think outside my house there might be a fight i might just go and see if it might also be robbers
Happy St. Patricks Day! Great day to celebrate another PSU National Championship. Thanks for all your great work!
Royale, 650 State Street. They're gone now--moving up State towards the Capitol. Nice group.
It does feel good! Didn't get a lot of weeding done, but definitely got caught up with the neighbors!
RT : Check out our event listing on the website! It should be up there soon!
Just rediscovered - bad ass. B/c the world doesn't need any new t-shirts. Check 'em.
aw give him a smooch for me!!
Well played, young man. Welcome to CLE!
Just finished signing 1 of the day, thanks to all our new fans for stopping by!
Lol. You and your fellow libs are talking about how you'd be glad to murder someone.
Just wanna say I love you boo (::
Writing takes you out of yourself, eats up time and takes you to a different world spent with fascinating people. You can lose yourself.
Would you be willing to come to Hubbard and State if I bought 70 of your lovely macarons?
YES!!!!!" Durant did it again... OKC wins
I'm with ya, Mike! I can't wait either. This project is coming from the right place. Gonna be great.
Love you guys special shout out to Tommy.
thanks bud!
thanks, he's growing fast though...
Cool - Thanks!
ain't it the truth! but in a few days, our noses will thank us.
Love watching Dr Phil "Keep it Real"! You are so wonderful!
is meachem going to benefit or devery?
So jealous ": This is the second time I've heard Call Me Maybe in the last two hours sitting here at the game"
my life isnt over,but yea at the moment
Irish Soda Bread Recipe This Irish soda bread recipe is sweet and cake-like, not a traditional soda bread by any means, but very tasty no
Having a wonderful time at the CD release party!
Jacksonville or Minnesota.
i don't understand why i'm being so god damn emotional
I dunno what to say anymore
Wow. LA Coroner sounds like some crazy stuff!
Chesapeake Bay Program released its annual report yesterday, giving the Bay a health score of 45 out of 100.
Groundhog Day the Earth Stood Still
Cody Ross just struck out for the fourth time today.
Get a platform...even before you know how you will use it
Yes so sad to hear about John Payton--an excellent lawyer.
I'm in love with karma ;-)
It's funny how this whole high school thing works.
He's handing out books
after i workout or play basketball i drink so much water
be there in 30, I love new beer!
Looking forward to it!
killed or slain.
Heading to the city but with serious back ache; will I last?
yeah, JFK was a pretty well liked catholic, prob don't want to reference vomiting on him if ya want the catholic vote...
Please following our friends! Thanks!
could we have gotten a smaller table? damn.
makes it sound like Bulls have never played w/o Rose. They should play Philly better than this w/ or w/o Rose.
Yayayayayayayayayay! The Artist.
RT “: i hate it when ugly people say "i need my beauty sleep." bitch, you need to hibernate.” Lmfao
You know it was a rough night if is still snoozing.
It's funny how people can change. One day, you're everything. The next day, you don't even exist..
You are very welcome Natasha!
#Romney in Rosemont event wrapping up now. He's on to Puerto Rico for more campaigning in pursuit of 2012 GOP presidential nomination.
Thank you much ! Enjoyed the format of the recap as well.
Ovechkin is a monster...
sent to you by indiewood. Help a fantasy indie artist out! Retweet www.indiegogo.com/Verlosser-A-Short-Film
Love history, hate retro.
Sundays can be sexy too.
You can be right, or you can be happy. You'll learn this one day, Grasshopper. - happy in Virginia!
Merry Christmas Dude! Hope you and the fam had an awesome Christmas. If you're going out tonight, stay safe<3 See you soon!
Also, everyone either answers the door or hides in the closet. These people live the NYC and don't go out?
is learning that a museum can be a place to construct an identity, not just be presented with one.
nope not yet
Oh, indeed. I'm thinking of wiping out all people with whom I'm incompatible according to the stars. It's plain logic.
R.I.P Uncle eddy I love you so much! :( Damn you never realize how short life is until you lose someone that impacted your life...
Wish you all Happy New Year 2012. Have great success in new year and years coming.
NEW ICON
All these boys taking their moms out for Mother's Day is absolutely adorable.
If you can't make it to the Symposium tomorrow, watch it live on C-SPAN3 & join in on the conversation with the tag #POTY1862!
Never knew Gilbert Gottfried was AFLAC duck--guess he's one dead duck now! What a heartless creep for making jokes about #tsunami victims.
then why did your channel try to run him out of town during the offseason??
Thank you John <3
how u been
Thanks for the kind words! RT : FINALLY watched 's interview w/ 5 days later. SO worth it. Thx for the tips!
life is a DICK but thats why I only live once soo i do somthing
You put marscapone cheese on the bread, fresh shredded cheddar, and then top with baked diced jalapeños. Of course, butter both sides n gril
#shutdowncountdown: It's like New Year's Eve for Washingtonians but with less alcohol and more fireworks.
No prob man.
Shopping day today was a success. :)
awesome! U hv a publication date?
#f29 will play in Peoria with #CAT in mind.... Links coming soon!
I don't want to be the one to spill the beans so you will have to just wait and see!
poker :D
packin ma bags for da road
Never get too attacked to someone, because one day I'll be gone.
W/ those series ending, everybody ragging on NC & IU needs to grow up. Both are elite programs & in the weak SEC KY needs those games.
broncos OL has been holding all game w/o calls, but by all means call PI on Taylor on an uncatchable ball. Is this giants/cowboys again?
No problem :)
I went down to the Grundy County auction...
is an amazing role model! :) I love you Baylie!! :)
The lady at the nail salon fucked with my tragus while she was waxing my eyebrows. It fucking hurts now.
I'm sure I will down the road. I'm completely green when it comes to cycling at this point. Thanks again!
It's National Margarita day ; so if you want to go ahead & buy & a Margarita
still not working, nah is it a good match or what?
"Whatever you want to do, do it now. There are only so many tomorrows." ~ Michael Landon 1936-1991
Finally highlights and hair cut time. Much needed.
Movie recommendation is horror "Ginger Snaps"
Almost always use advanced. Much more specific search tools there. Community college students can def use it.
I'm pretty sure my 4.5 year old daughter learned to read from interactive books on our (her?) iPad.
The duo that is & are unstoppable. I'm so thankful for their involvement in my life & their ability to ask good Q's.
“: French toast or pizza... Hm”<--- Do they deliver French toast? lol
Tonight it's Trivia night! Come by at 6:30pm for some smart fun. Tonights grand prize is 2 tickets to the 49'rs game Nov 20. $3 jager's
super tough
all about Detroit, Dallas and Baltimore... Green Bay is pretty awesome too. The Jets may stink all year.
Sounds like what we're working on is gonna be right up your alley! Keep in touch!
Be nice to people on your way up because there are chances to meet them on your way down.
I always go the right way so I'm never left out.
summer youth camp dates will be announced within 2 weeks! HS Team Camp dates are up on our website! In the meantime, good luck this season!
That's disappointing.
RT : Can't believe the 4:43 Camden line is still only 3 cars - packed to the gills, both seats and ppl in the aisles.
One day I would love to visit the city of Cadiz in Spain. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00AB><U+2708><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8> love my last name.
S/O to my new follower (:
Ah! The memories :) I heard The Who over the weekend and busted out laughing. I think of Oconee St. every time.
#ROLLTIDEROLL quick shower and dinner then #BCS title game
You will have your richly deserved Portland Food Cart Adventures GO TO THIS FOOD CART sticker tomorrow!
remember the hat house? toss it in the bunk!
did you have lucky charms for breakfast because you look magically delicious (:
broken hearted
yes you are correct I wish there was something that we could do to that lady that fake I just love my name the real
can I copy you?
DreamTrips coming soon!
both Asante and Grimes were a lot better at not missing tackles last year than the past.
"And a house is not a home When the two of us are far apart And one of us has a broken heart."
Such a beautiful day outside.. and I've been working in and cleaning up the studio. A humid bike ride or dog walk is in order
#BAMSQUAD is the movement watch for it
Lol lets finish later! I'm bout to go in the tunnels in Seattle
ESSEX TIME!
I'm so sorry if you got the DM spam I didn't mean to sent it
Riii riii with that Nina , got a island on my neck girl I'm
Day 9. Wish lists v. to do lists + garlic scape pesto
Had a dream last night I got into #medical school.....
slowly thawing out from giants game, fun to sit in bleachers, good energy and other hackers were nearby
im leaving you for this man.
Rick Santorum is the weaker candidate. Obama would turn him into mince meat in a debate!
Puccias!!! Ciao Austin...
When I went to six flags today, on all the roller coasters I was like " #YOLO" haha. I was screaming #YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE .(;
Made a smash hit today in the car. It's called 'Drip drop drip drip'.
Anytime I receive an email from a grown heterosexual man that starts with the words "Hey gurrrrl!!!" I know I am in for a treat.
": “Most people have the will to win, few have the will to prepare to win.” – Bobby Knight"
i'm so glad i went to high school before facebook
You are one lucky dude!
Our health is NOT up for debate #nodebate Keep the convo going!
I hope everyone has a safe and happy new year :)
Playing the Parkway Grill tonight in Pasadena with Nedra Wheeler! 7pm.
I understand she may still love me too but I can't do anything because the thought of it hurts too much. It's the whole pain is love thing.
Kill em All O-F is what I represent....
I did, but no help. Very odd.
I'd love to get on your calendar for a phone call to introduce Venntive.
still love you!! <3
@ pandaexpress n This guy just picked up a random used sample toothpick to pick his teeth... Either he don't know or that Mfer just nasty
Thanksgiving, after all, is a word of action. –W.J. Cameron
Nope, it's not! Good for you. And, thanks from all of us!
what's that
RT : "A goal properly set is halfway reached." zig ziglar
yeah I'll continue to do dumb things in pursuit of mediocrity.
Listen, listen, listen & then ask strategic questions.
Are you joining forces with ? When can we see it?
"i'm the devil and i'm here to do the devil's work." -charles "tex" watkins
Bulls and hawks game. Boom.
Thanks for the retweet, man.
- new homepage coming soon.
Why yes this rain does make this a lazy day. But that doesn't mean I can't listen to my original Footloose CD and go crazy this morning! :D
if I was your bestfriend....
Amateur hour alert!!! Been watching parade of green bedecked out of towners streaming from O'Brien Hwy hotels 2 Lechmere #MBTA since 10am
ScrivRec: Somebody is saying horrible things about you
Photo spam
Just Wright Queen Latifah and Common is currently popular with over 37 holds at the Nashville Public Library
follow me please?:)
love the Earth!!
reminds me of great Bradbury short story The Veldt. Worth a read! Similar situation.
can I bring the child?
This Hotel for Dogs movie sure is something..
just like when you slammed the table of that girl who had napkins on her lap, i thought that was a stroke of genius
We did a halibut charter from Seward - saw whales, puffins, and porpoises. Fabulous drive down from Anchorage. And, good fish!
hahahaha never underestimate the magic in my wand.
How hard is it to bury your compost? Ugh some people!
Crowdsourcing funding for #ethnomusicology Can it work?
!!! RT : #Trill niggaz do #Trill shit & u don't look too familiar
RT : Is there anything that Barack Obama isnt completely full of shit about? | Yes. He admits he's bad at golf
Despite a lot of suspect fouls on the and no fouls on the Celtics, the are up.
Huthwaite Reduces Cost Per Lead with HubSpot
Maximize your interpersonal power through dress and increased confidence.
Thank you, we will check it out!
Just block them?
Say no more then
I like my cupcakes smothered and covered.
WOW, some unique employer groups: Sports Marketing, Pictures, Writers, Sales, etc.... -George, TSR
I don't really use Google+ but the update for iPhone looks good and works a bit better at first glance
There is a light at the end of every tunnel….just pray it’s not a train!
I'm extremely sorry for the last minute notice - doctor was not letting me get out of this one. We'll reschedule. Promise.
John 15:12 This is my command: Love one another the way I loved you.
If you can't find your favorite fragrance at our site don't worry just send us a message and we will find it for you ;)
Escorted in by the owner, shouted out by , my money is no good here...blessed!
yep. A bowl season filled with disappointment “: BREAKING: Well, shit.”
Haha I Love Your Icon!! :)
“: NY or LA? #teamfollowback” duh!
The man with insight enough to admit his limitations comes nearest to perfection. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Margery, shall we sex?
welcome :D
I want some salad
so happy to be a part of the Moto michelin madness! we got our star! a ton of hard work went into this, time to celebrate!
If you guys had an affiliate program I could send you customers all the time.
TGIF(: just ready for the weekend.
might as well start it now ... #TradeRondo!
2) Witness one of mans most significant signs of eternal Love - Taj Mahal
Record high temps in Chicago with record low voter turnout on election day. Can we say give us better candidates to chose from!!
bout to take a shower and go back to sleep....
yes I got 's book. Thanks for asking. :) I'm starting to look around now in earnest.
thanks Shannon!
our account needs to be verified
I can't fllw nobody my phone is beenin an asshole....this sum bull
winter coat is at home...looks like i'll have to shiver through this late-april snowstorm.
That's how the kid rolls
yea me too..... I'll survive though
I didn’t understand that that was what [poetry] was doing, it just sort of took me, it said, hello, you’re mine, and I said okay :: A Notley
Does your university offer any kind of maternity/family leave policy? My sister just had a baby and her school is totally screwing her over.
Thanks a lot! I was actually watching "The Great Dictator"
I got a hangover. Need to be at an awards luncheon in 57 mins. I just woke up. I think I can make it lol. GM :)
Forget CNN,fox news,etc.check out Reuters,drudge report,infowars.com,thetrumpet.com and there's more.I love you all.KEEP YOUR EYES OPEN
Damn today isn't friday fml another day of pure torture.. should of left this place years ago
Great night @ Playhouse now time for Z
So excited for #Ringer. Its gonna be amazing
what did I do?
Today, a homeless man came up to me and asked me for 68 cents, specifically. I gave him 75 cents and he offered me 7 cents in change. MLINY
looking for a phone that makes texting easier for a person struggling with the concept. not jitterbug, I think we're not quite there yet.
College education is a must for all young adults in order for their minds to mature. Online or otherwise, it is a requirement today...
always good to hear a blast from the past...
she had cancer ;o you're late! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Read what all of #MLB is saying about the passing of #Jose #Lima here- USSportspages.com
In Cyprus Middle East Cabinet mting. A new outpouring of the Spirit is coming to the Middle East! Tonight we head to Israel.
Kim Kardashian has some awesome eyebrows but we think Lilly Collins has the nicest eyebrows of them all! What do you think?
I am in Naples right now.Been going back and forth between here and Miami since I just had a baby.But I should be there next week
o I thought it was this Thursday I'm gay
hey bro do you know of they're doing a midnight release on the 11s at foot locker?
Dreamed last night that we went record shopping for CoC albums, but I ended up buying only Belle & Sebastian. 6:00? Earlier?
Hi. I found Strategy and Business magazine yet can't find the article. Do you have a copy you could e-mail or reference for me?
glad to hear it!
Already had to tell a telemarketer where to go this morning for calling me twice in five minutes. This rainy day better get better.
Hahaha oh my god so what if there's like a Dick Clark hologram at New Years now?? hhahaha. That would be so crazy!! Because of the Tupac one
Couldn't overcome head coach who chokes in big games either - RT RT R.I.P 2011 Badgers...
Homework, homework, homework, homework. Ugh, cunt ! And it's almost 7. Regretting not doing it yesterday.
Happy to hear it went well! Hope today is the same.
Audition this morning for another Trojan commercial....what is God trying to tell me?! LOL :P
Police helicopter circling #poway high school for last 10 min, was announcing "go back towards the parking lot".
Met with NYPD Deputy Commissioner to discuss our drug free home mission and technology. Demos on gun powder detection too.
Congrats!! Enjoy
Es La Mejor Station! Que Viva Bronx Nueva York
": Whiskey River is closed. *HELLO* you can't just open the doors and expect the masses. You gotta work for that cash!
Anal beads are for real!!!
Every SINGLE one eh...
Sitting on my front porch barefoot, drinking whiskey, watching twinkling stars flanked by redwoods. Ask me if I miss living in SF.
Between Gibbs has the WORST smell in the world today!! I walked out my room and it smelled like a bathroom..
Sitting in 5th at Morgan county middle school with best friends(:
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!29
I wanna be a circus "freak" lol
Thanks for the follow!
for sure...I just hope he doesn't go "too early"...I'd like to see him overachieve
People still use the word "swagg" ? Tf ?
So the 3 songs that just tweeted are all Jessica's ??
#ThatEx who inbox hella chicks on facebook
RT - New Orleans Saints beat Jacksonville Jaguars 23 to 10 in a good game.
heck yea! Everyone killed it today! Bringing the energy!
mike's are bomb
I'm a special kind of nerd! I'm also fairly polite. This is just like suffering through someone's infinite vacation pictures.
im going to call soon as i get out the shower lol
The whole world could walk away & throw in the tile..Jesus will NEVER leave.
Why don't you just go ahead and put it on your mailbox now?
How many tats make you tatted up?
First main field announcement coming next week... a hint for now: he's under 30 years old! Any guesses?
Latin brunch on Easter Sunday! Join us for Brunch, Lunch & Dinner. Enjoy $5 Mimosas, Sangria, and Bloody Marys. Live music from 6p-9p.
Ladies. I have come to chew bubblegum & lick ass. And I'm all out of bubble gum.
Happy Nurses Week! Mom you are the best nurse I know. Xoxo
Fraud tip of the day! Sort/Rank vendors by those with a high percentage of rounded-amount invoices. Anything suspicious?
Weaseling out of things is important to learn. It's what separates us from the animals! Except the weasel....
Looking at pictures of my family in Chicago... I miss them so much :-(
RT : Sports Executives team up to help in the fight against cancer
M RT : baker & banker! RT : Time to head out in search of brunch. What is your fave sf brunch spot?
Girl: Who's Grayson? Me:He's a Greymazing Grexy boy who plays the piano&it's Greyson with an "e" not an "a"-_- Girl: o.o???
Please notice me kim!!! please
I had a meeting with Lee and when we were done, you guys had left for the day! Hope to meet you both soon!
Closed LONG $EURUSD for +22 pips profit; 33% of the community volume is trading the EURUSD with sentiment 48% SHORT
perfect weather in Vegas
Have a safe and Happy New Year!
Surprise later tonight!
Love starting my day teaching a fitness class! How do you like to start your day? Coffee? Workout? Newspaper?
I had a good person tell me " just wait for the good things to happen." He was right, the lawyer called, on her dime & gave perfect advice.
Derrick Rose is out till January best case scenario? That's a big blow to the
Dang, I forgot to put my good cologne on for my meeting with my advisor.
Logging in to hear about usability and accessibility with #EDULive!
Although I'm getting older I love getting up early and watch Saturday cartoons. My father and I watched lots of cartoons when he was alive.
If I hear "food stamp president" blaring from the TV again I am going to hurt someone.
cross your fingers!
Thanks for the #FF shout-outs Cheers to all of you!
Great Seats Available for Gladiators Cage Fighting TONITE-WI STATE FAIR MAIN STAGE 7 PM. $25 Res/$10 GA. Call (414) 266-7100 or at gate.
It is a great one! I love when the airline workers say that they put extra phalanges on the plane the second time.
I wanna meet The Crew so badly. <3
Looks as tho bnter.com has some potential.
thanks bro.
Dream your dreams but don't pretend, make friends with what you are.
(Re)watching "The People Versus Larry Flynt"
If you're in the #EastBay, check out & Pegasus Books (Rockridge) to get a copy of Issue #5 for $1.
Not alot going on tonight in. Fri and Sat there will be a ton of things going on . Im at J 14 in Artist Alley all weekend say hi
Going to bed! see ya
I had to do two set designs in college. Built all out of wood. Would have KILLED for a makerbot.
And here we go...
thanks spring has finally shown its face in Seattle!
I know!
Dinner at Chicago Q next to brian urlacher
too bad, was chillin with my brother
Checking out the reveil. Innovative business model which addresses many of the concerns of disgruntled Facebook and Google+ users.
I refuse to be down and out. I may fall, but for sure I am gonna get up and move, shake off the dust and get going come what may.
Even in a recession, continuing education programs make sense
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
anytime doll <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Great points. Lol RJ isn't a zombie! But maybe we want him to be a zombie so he'll eat the flesh of Andre Miller tonight.
yeah no problem man the H town is where it's at
10 year old Tyreke Thompson singer soon to be known nationwide. Be the first to check him out Sweet Auburn Festival May 7-9th
i hate when my nigga puts basketball over me.
I LOVE TACOS ...LOL
there's this follow button ann lol
Ill be back later , cause here come the laker haters , flooding my TL
that new video is bangin!!!
I failed #math because for every answer I just wrote " #CNN = #Politics "
Where is a good jerk chicken spot??? Haven't had any in months???
We are playing Bottom of the Hill in SF on January 13th! It's going to be a huge show so don't miss out get your tickets while we have them!
Sounds like a fantastic plan.
Welcome to St. John's University! RT : in the fall i've be attending st. john's university :)
Happy Birthday yesterday buddy! Hope it was great=)
turtle formula is best!
Poor Paul.
free tonight? come see my design intern's senior show at Stritch from 5:30-8:30!
I like Turco's old school Reggie Lemelin-style pads to match Reggie's old number 1.
Samantha it was a pleasure spending time w. you the other day! You are super fabulous & a true New Yorker. Love it! xx!
I'm really great, thanks! I'm happiest when I'm doing creative stuff so all is good :))
I didn't quite catch that, Rick Ross. You say you're a...what?
I feel confident with Sipp here
Macbook air! RT : Not that I am company less, I need a laptop. Bought an ultra pc but at dinner my friend said go apple pro.
oh you know it shiiiii jigga
When you plan to factor your invoices you need to have your accounts receivable aging & a current financial statement to provide the factor.
Wearing heels to the ceremony tonight, idgaf if I'm 6'1"
I pop gum when I'm upset..
and oreo cakesters are the devil's mistress
I keep having the same daydream
This guy hes so hott! Freaking Awsome too! But you cant touch it hes not on sale yet. XD
Do you expect God's favor in your life?
a dirty sanchez is when you have anal sex and then smear the remaining feces onto your partners upper lip, like a mustache.
Some of these are downright genius.
The first 10 ppl to DM there Full Name, Phone Number and Email get a free photo shoot courtesy of -YKMD
School bus: rolling stop sign
A2 (ii) Mostly generating interest (drives convos, visibility & attendance). Create buzz for specific art exhibits & shows
It's a right and wrong way to do everything.
I see students choosing a lot of the materials in the end of year EdCafe.
marriage isn't what it used to be either. So much adultery these days that's what ruins idea of marriage not same sex ones
Threat Ms Allmon
Thanks for sharing, I know hills can help and I try to do them every once in awhile but I still think they are the devil :)
best.break.ever.
omg, i keep getting almost hit with cars. :P it happened like, three times today.. xD
Lunch at the with guest
: Per the panel you're hosting at OnMedia, if Mitchell Reichgut of could help out, he'd b a great fit
VMA's were so much better when you hosted!!
naturally, but Hooterville is just one of my many pet names for Austin. Cabbage Town is another favorite...
Don't let your mind wander. It may never come back.
#TheVoice is fixed. Didn't see the 'winner' number 1 on itunes. #TeamBlake for the REAL Win!
what happened !!???
Girls are planning their birthday party. Should I tell them about the pony?
SynapSense® Named as “Cool Vendor” by Leading Analyst Firm - EON: Enhanced Online News (press release)
You darn right! lol!
kiss the rings "genus"?
HAHAHA Russell Westbrook is #sonotgangster he just kicks the ball after his boy just got knocked in the head
come on people,
Support the protesters!
Glad to have Rondor producer back in the states!
I'm ready for Liar's Dice tonight (now I gotta teach everyone else)
No, not really. We needed to observe for our Advanced Qual class. The lesson was perfect- thanks for letting us participate!
#Its2012WhyYouStill doing "like" status's on facebook....
oh it is wednesday also known as #truthhurtsgetahelmet day
Happy New Year!
If you could put any logo on your , what would you choose?
Good Day Ya'll, check out my pins on "PINTEREST" !!!
The smell of sunscreen and 311 on the radio. Starting to feel like a little thing I like to call #summer :)
Every child deserves a chance at a life filled with love, laughter, friends and family. - -Marlo Thomas
One In The Chamber 11-1 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
cool,,we'll be neighbors very soon then!
I hate these CVS self check out machines!!!
Don Coram loves his gay son, but not enough to relegate him to anything but second class citizenship. Heartbreaking. //t.co/KSdcoIT
Clutch purses and heels.
i'm not new, but hello!
Now following since I still can't find you on facebook!
Aw thanks mama! You are as well! Enjoy your day as well :-)
The first phrase of Le Sacre comes to mind...
that's a great shot! May have to steal it as a desktop background
lmao Im SO bored diana : /
Gonna go to LA Fitness later on, then run or something <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
is studing for my EcoBroker certification....
#ThingsIHearEveryday i dont have any gum left
After hearing those boobirds in Boston just now, you think Bobby V was wishing he was back in Japan where he was adored?
Hi MOM! Since I know you read my feed, and supported my dreams from the beginning,
i got big plans for today,keep working :)
Tired of getting bad breaks
industry is full of guys who call each other bro
Thanks for the response. No, I don't have your contact info. Can you DM me? -Jon
#TrayvonMartin's killing & these marches/rally's remind me of all the killing & riots back in the day.
#IAlwaysWonderIf Ive already met the person ima spend the rest of My life with , Hmm . . .
oh yea, did you our pics from the garden contest that we posted? (we were judges!)
I. Hate. Packing.
Msg from editor ready for viewing of initial rough cuts; heading to Hoboken early a.m. tmrw and can't wait!
When you embrace everything as beautiful in it's own way When you give love everyday Then your heart is working right On that note goodnight
REMINDER: D'arenberg tasting tomorrow starting at 5pm!
I have enough money to last me the rest of my life..........unless I buy something. — Jackie Mason
If it helps save other people the time then I'm all for it.
my mom has type 1 so its really hard to control it(: so id like for her to get the proper care she needs(:
#NP Take Care. It got leaked.
A friend told me not to talk about the job market on facebook. Well, what about twitter?
Felt like I was in an episode of rob and big sitting next to Frank Thomas today
Thanks man.
Trying to pick panels to attend at #sxswi this year. Any suggestions, friends?
me too!
the three L's- Laugh, Love, Live. P.S: I LOVE CHACHI GO AND FOLLOW SHE HAS SERIOUS SWAG XD LOVE HER :P
Back in the 505! I haven't eaten anything hot or spicy all week. I need a taco burger or some shit.
A diverse faculty is essential to ensuring students receive the best education possible.
The Xultun nos. are related to Maya K'awil (819) & Maya companion no. (1366560) as mediated fractal multiples. Ergo, relevant 1872000 = 2012
Oh hey, another American Pie movie. The world can finally get some closure on this important cinematic saga.
...whether to participate/pay into union coffers. Geese and ganders and all that.
thanks for following :)
The Dwight Howard drama has been postponed until this time next year.
#IThankGod for letting me see another day.
What's up shawtys
the best money to borrow is borrowed money
thank you
Hosts fed me all organic omelet, fruit and coffee for breakfast. So far Philly is leaving a positive imprint.
Most of the things i RT aren't usually about someone or something it's just because i like what the tweet is
also just reinforced the 4yo for crying, probably not what Mom wants in the long run...
"University of Maryland University College" really really wants us know that they're a university. REALLY
How is everyone!?
In Goodyear AZ tonight? check out the special screening of RBB W/ RBB Margaritas Rasberry flavored margarita, with black salt, and lemon.
The only thing my TV is ever on is SportsCenter or a Lakers game <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
Forget Peeta, Gale, Edward, and Jacob. I'm still Team Darcy.
Don't know. asked the same question of the Twitterverse. I haven't seen a write-up of the news yet.
Jim Redman, El Cajon resident and El Capitan High alum, sworn in as El Cajon's new Police Chief at El Cajon City Council meeting.
dude, I had like 4 tweets to you deleted automatically. I'm being
#SignsYoureBeingCheatedOn When He/She Ignores You. I been through this already :/
Ran out of forks today at work used two straws as chopsticks, not recommended.....way to bendy.
Alessandra ! I just wanted to say I think you're an amazing singer, and you're insanly pretty ! If you responded I'd cry!<3
Wondering how I ever got anything done without Remember The Milk. Wish they'd update the web UI though!
Thanks! #FunFreshFree might be over, but you could book or Short & Sweet and I'm always available custom work :)
let's not kid ourselves. Green is 6'7
Time to tweet, my friends! Funny if we could trend... #TUGreekAlumni ;-)
did you get a bike?!
Holy hilarious when my neighbors fight. I fucking love/hate how retarded they are. This is so funny listening to them.
yeah, EVERYONE at school is talking about it, They anounced it this morning !
wish I could. I didn't get to go see him this morn
so looking forward to seeing you in Poughkeepsie!!!
ok I am half a wanna be gangsta
Zombie mode -_-
Whats to you.
any good interviews from him yet this season? Its still early too
What other records mgmt / archives training sources do you recommend besides ARMA, SAA, and NARA?
lucky you :P it's getting hot here.
YOUR CADDY FROM MAINE IS A GOOD FRIEND MATTS A NICE KID GOPACKGO
with, but i wrote the book, dollface.
you right...lol
First track meet tomorrow! I'm pumped <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>
Aren't all drivers required by law to purchase auto insurance? Is that a mandate that people are upset about?
Feeling generous I think we'll give out a free tshirt to a random follower once we hit 400 followers :)
Man, when Oochie Wally came out, boy o' boy that song was the shit!!!!!!!!!! Ain't that right family???
RT : .....Steadyimage #1 film company! << Thanks for the blessings!
19% of #SanDiego bridges infrastructure is deficient per the region's Infrastructure Report Card!
Dj Chucky Chuck back on deck again in the Orlando..The Original Mega DJ ..!!!!
OFF WORK IRRITATED AF MAN
I will see you again, whoa. This is not where it ends, I will carry you with me, oh 'til I see you again. #goodsong #carrieunderwood :)
I agree.
looking in the mirror while i'm brushing my teeth causes me to laugh my ass off sometimes
Ordered the fight like mayweather tonight
they don't suck. I enjoyed some of their jams back in the day as well
g'night!
So ready for 12:00 to get here
It was actually less which is surprising considering how busy I am
Two things I found funny in this game. One, the nets feel the need to advertise their twitter account all over the court.
Waiting for someone in here to tickle my fancy!
LA has a funny smell to it when it rains.. not as fresh or clean as Tampa :/
We reached our goal of 10,000 subscribers to our newsletter, MENTALCOACH! Thanks to all who helped, we'll send the 35% off any item soon!
thanks to Lil Kim Sicki Garbage/ psycho Minaj (nicki Minaj) got a rap career; kim is done with the bitch! B.F HOLLA
yea… no dice then. I can't imagine a life without
NPA Teams Up with Kapatoes Insurance Solutions to Offer New Insurance Benefits ...: Kapatoes Insurance Solutions is the country's lar...
How many hits does it take to get to a phillies win?
Thanks Coach!! Hopefully I'll see you over Xmas break.
Got my autographed Amaryllis lithograph in the mail today.. cant wait to frame this baby up
VLJ's Consumer Law Clinic is scheduled for NEXT Tuesday at 11am! Call to RSVP with your consumer matter.
Problems only exist in the human mind. - Anthony de Mello
“Change is the essence of life.Be willing to surrender what you are for what you could become.” African Proverb
About to find my way to astoria/queens via subway. Should be interesting.
my new cartilige earrings came in the mail aw yeas
Son, if you really want something in this life, you have to work for it. Now quiet! They're about to announce the lottery numbers. - Homer
You Da One. Cody Simpson style.
ELEVATE A LITTLE HIGHER n_n
Pitt looks to run into Butler in the CBI.
you havent seen the last of me. x
So when can I see The Avengers?
lots of winter fests in NYC as well - especially the new by &
I KNOW! <3
what about kids actually using fbook as a means of learning and schooling? Who is doing that?
maybe happening soon!
i only have 131 tweets :( i guess i should get with the program.
youtube's not deactivating:(((((
Thanks Mark. We hope you enjoying watching all the Seahawks games on Q13 FOX and JOEtv as well!
then what is the dmv RT : Kinkos is real life purgatory.
I would really like to dm you some questions in regards to the work you did in the bronx. Thank you for the follow
Everytime I see Him I smile. Everytime I get a text from Him I smile why won't I just admit tht I like him already RT if u feel the same way
thank you, followed right back :)
Sleeping early.
Well let's route hard for our team, and see how it goes!!!
Landed yea buddy
A HELP!!! us gain Meech Dogg some more hits on YouTube by going to Meech Dogg JUICED UP... And like it, if you like 2 gett JUICED UP THANKS
Who else is with me? Need to get Mother's Day card in the mail TODAY. Not online. Paper card, stamp.
Jesse & Don from just stopped by. Did you know they shipped out 100,000 lb of wet hops in 48 hours last year?!
Hopefully today will be productive, because I don't work.
I'm so glad I have a wonderful wife. What other wife let's her husband have hookers for friends and bring home waitresses!
never go double 5
I dont believe in happy endings...unless youre offering
I better not have even a slight hangover tomorrow! I imagine that scene from Up All Night.
Gonna be at Prophet Bar tonight. Big room. Down beat 11:00. Hope to see you there, it's gonna be a good one!
Loving is an art...but not everyone is a artist.
And the days of Adam after he had begotten Seth were eight hundred years: and he begat sons and daughters:
Search by Language has been added. Example: Russian speakers search other Russian speakers. Persians search other Persians. 100% Free
Really? Or are you just spambot trolling ;-)
how u get so rich? I need that
“ “ JUST LEFT THE BOOTH!! #VENGANCE & #VICTORY DOUBLE DISC! U left the booth last week my brotha !!
"never despise humble beginnings" our pops says that all the time. We understand it now big Mike! :)
I have Questlove and Jazzy Jeff at Moon
OMG! Olly you're here in NYC!! :)
This is not LA Law. Don is not going to take a header into the elevator shaft.
great suff! keep up the wonderful work!
Interviews are under way!!! God is so good!!!!!!
I love how I walk into the classroom and half of the class is missing..including the professor -.-
That moment when you feel like you should say something but your not sure how to say it..
I appreciate all that celebrities do for us, it is an important job and it's not easy...thank you singers, dancers, actors, etc...
Playground Elite will compete again in the NIKE League, this weekend in Virginia.
I think this is gods way of telling me to work on my patience.
I knew she was known for her insults but I wasn't prepared for the sarcasm & emotional instability! Haha!
im a las vegas poker player/dealer. im set to deal the wsop.then i was caught smokin a blunt and 86ed from harrahs. am i scre
omg i totally forgot im seeing the wanted in 2 days omg omg omg
im in the process of making mine bigger I have 2 sets of 2ish g with everyone I know sayaing "eww dont make them bigger"lol
good choice!!
rick, what happened to the station?? Not broadcasting??
The worst four minutes of the game for the #pens have been the four minutes where they have been on the power play.
Can work be any busier today geez
I'll be at the Liffey in a jiffy
“And now, cable news has a half-hour of prosecutors not being able to answer the questions they just said they wouldn't be able to answer.”
Lol , I be gonee & plus you guys are al so tall . I'm short as'f compared to you guys lol . So ofcourse you don't see me
When a girl cries for a guy it means she really misses him but when a guy cries for a girl it means no one can love that girl more than him.
Great sports wknd... what was most entertaining? NBA playoffs, Derby, Pacman, College Lacross...
Oh the perils of cleanliness.
* It's lovely Yaris dog's 46h birthday today. We gave him a big ham bone which he didn't really take to. Took it away and gave him a chew.
wahhhhhhh don't leave!!!!! Miss you already!!!!!
My 3 year old Macbook Pro still runs Final Draft like a champ despite all the high res, stereoscopic, CG heavy VFX that I'm typing into it.
yayyyy I hope you come I'm excited! :)
Wherever there is danger, there lurks opportunity; whenever there is opportunity, there lurks danger. -E. Nightingale
North of me, so all I'm getting then really is just a thunderstorm
I've never actually been that hungry, but I'm sure you're right!
My dad let me use his fancy teacup. I feel so cool.
thanks for the rec. nice site! i ended up settling on a guesthouse in kowloon.
Can you run a campaign in a specific market? RT Ever thought about advertising on food blogs?
Every life is precious, meaningful& valuable... 7 years and still missing you Uncle Ray.
#goodnight twitter RT
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.6
That was sincere! hahaha I was worried bc the rain was horrible over here!
... Jordis Is The Voice !!!!!! I have Loved Her for Many Years....She is The Soulful-Rocker -AMAZING !!!!!
In the late 80s we taught readers/ writers circles whch allowed self exploration through literature
I was gonna say the same thing! The "Annenberg" one if possible :-)
You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you can<U+FFFD>t have it
Or DID they ...
mobb deep and bossman Sunday night at 8pm...$25 what u think???
EAST TECH RITE
I'm done.
Good Morning! How was your weekend?
it will be busy with Rangers vs Devils, Game 2
almost drowned in the pussy so I swim to the butt. it's in the motto if you were wondering
Looking out the door... Get it slammed in our faces #EMTproblems x
do me a favor.open the door...& let `em in.
Han shot first.
“ Thought 4 off-season: "Self confidence comes frm knowing u deserve success cuz you've worked harder than every1 else."<-LOVE IT!
heading 2 GB next week 4 my sis's bachelorette party, got some sug. for places to hit? I will need a dancefloor late night!
that's good!(: and guy problemss. Haha.
hahaha better be
2nite I meet my little sister's bf. Time to take on the role of an interrogative and ovrprtctv dad, while making my Idntlikeu4mydghtr face
“: Today's #2012brochurephotoshoot will take us to from the trapdoor in the floor to heaven. Wonder what play it could be...”
I am officially stealing some of the miles and the vert as surrogacy while the fracture heals : )
Never let the amount of guys you've had sex with beat your age.. you'll have to wait a few years so it'll even up.
Going to tomorrow. Haven't been in 3 years! Probably not going to eat for the next 48 hours.
following along on the hashtag, looks like good things for you guys to hear from pros in the industry!
Vin Diesel > William Hybrid
abs are made in the kitchen
Check out 's Kitchen in Oak Park for a hearty breakfast and a Jo Snow latte. What a great combo.
:) What will you be celebrating?
You're welcome. My pleasure!
even that guy couldn't spell Rodgers right!
Texas A&M and Missouri's had a combined 0-6 record against Oklahoma, Oklahoma State and Kansas State...
Share what Junior Seau meant to you. We'd love to remember him and recognize his legacy. Help us do it right. Thank you.
its cool cuz ur soft. see ya on the football field
CONGRATULATIONS! is lucky to have you :)
"I've made an ass of myself so many times I often wonder if I am one." ~Norman Mailer (via )
Ha. Welcome to Darlington. The Bojangles name hasn't been attached very long - just this year I think.
A lot of people can't stand touring but to me it's like breathing. I do it because I'm driven to do it. - Bob Dylan
We are tremendous fans of 's creative work. We would love to do an interview with you for our magazine!
Gym time biatches!
[Only 50-60! Deadline Oct 25.] RT Hope there are a lots of slots I have a sneaking suspicion it will be well attended
thx for the bday tweet, Caroline!
: she made this hilarious face after drinking lemonade:P
RT if you want the STEELERS to win!! :)
Leftovers require some creativity. I'm putting together a chicken, hummus, mixed veggie dish.
any word on where Jordan White might end up?
lol I was just kidding I just hate paying bills.
I don't understand the expression "Nothing succeeds like success." Isn't that like saying "Nothing tastes more like cheese than cheese"?
At Borders enjoying Veterans Day off. Umbrella keeps flipping on me, so I'm procrastinating going home.
Mentor ISO manatee.
also don't like frank's RQ intro, but adler's live isn't same as AFD either, perhaps it's a studio sound that cant be redone
good driver not so good of a team behind him. Payback for temperamental issues last yr.
Any parking recommendations for those going to The Hooley on Saturday?
keep up the hard work! I just signed your petition.
aw :( you left me
The jerry springer show right now -_- <<
very cool!
Good morning world. . .dont forget april 1st at somewhere else tavern in greensboro nc!!
This Dr office is playing the worst lovey dovey music. I guess if it makes me slit my wrists the dermatologists is the place to do it
thanks Lisa for joining in with Mood
why is your profile on private now??
There are no facts, only interpretations. - Friedrich Nietzche Especially in this results only count world.
Back home for the first time in over a week. Time to hit the hay! I plan to sleep until 1 :-)
Got on Metro bus. Everyone else, including the driver, got off. I can haz cooties?
gooski's!!! killer of sheep & easy action!!! lazy pricks!!! get out!!!
Playing Headhunters in Austin tonight - super double set. 11-45pm
Happy Mother's Day Cynthia
LAUREN! I haven't talked to u in like for ever ... Do u remember me ? :)
Great website!! You have a lot of cool stuff on there! I'll check back on it and keep it on my favorites.
not yet, at least I don't think so. I haven't been home.
I'm getting a pass for halo even if I can't watch.
I want a bloody Mary. Stat.
Your frequent tweets regarding NYC make this Midwesterner very jealous and serve as a well-needed reminder to return soon.
why do they always smell like someone peed, you know the smell, like an outdoor elevvator
As familiar as I am with , I've never actually used it until today! Amazing app. Not sure how I will be using it though.
oh no man, there really is no talent here. Zero. Go look at the tweet with the image attached haha.
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet 'I Am Ratchet'
That is why I love Because I know that she will never turn bad on us.....!!!
yes hopefully they'll come soon cause I think I'm leaving town may 26 D: knowing my luck they would come then hahah
RT : The #USMNT has come out flying. A quick series of passes sees Feilhaber spring Zusi in for a nice finish and the first goal.
Why This Miami Dolphins Fan Can’t Wait for “Miller Time” in 2012
Killing it!!
Having violent hiccups at 1 am is no bueno :(.
Justin biebers new song Latin girl, is that about Selena Gomez?
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow, today.
Home! And we finally have internet which means I get to play for the rest of the #SupernaturalParty and afterparty! :D
Get me a shih tzu so I know it's real!!:((
seems to be as wasted as I am! Giddy up!
now you're talking!
"It's been a while - How you've come back in style." ::coconut records::it's not you it's me::
Embedded blogger with teams QR codes Track progress
Just saw a woman step on a pigeon. I think the pigeon was more phased than she was.
The funny thing is that this girl is way bigger than me! Lol.
Every day I realize I should always be working harder.
Congrats to her! Also, I'm NYC for the next few months. We should hang.
We in Vegas tho
Hell yeah , both of them are good ass players !
are you watching makeover too?
thanks for the :60SSM love.
There are 20 minutes to get into Aruba satellite at the Isle Pompano. So far two $4500 packages guaranteed and almost a third.
Kyle LeDuc and Toyo Tires Sweep Pro 4 Unlimited Class at Firebird - Side x Side News
it's 2012 anything cold happen !!
Quote of the day goes to retiring re: his successor: "If they paint something green that I painted purple, more power to them."
SnapBacks and Tattoos
Thanks for the pin last night... Still wearing it actually :)
Best weekday commute ever! Thanks
Why don't they ever write about people who give up US citizenship out of conscience?: the wars, racism, no free healthcare, etc.
I get most of my news from
spending easter with my two most favoritest people in the world (:
Everybody Support Jaylon Tate ! Don't Be A Hater, Be A Jay Tater !
im to nice lol
Bon qui qui is just about the best thing ever
so how doing .. heard u were in town do a bit
As low as Reviewstream's bulk rate is, they really should waive the right to reject a review.
-on the Internet: we were matched up b/c our top five look-fors (write-ins) were the same :)
Oh thanks I like that can text with you on Facebook ?
98.67% I did know my stuff :-)
Will be making a trip to Leopold's promptly. Looking forward to this Detroit issue!
Cat scan tomorrow, I'm scared.
It's TUESDAY!!! That means all slices are $2.00! Stop by for some slices, fresh garlic knots & enjoy the sunshine!
taking a stroll to megatropolis
lmao im dumb today
We're very excited for you to hear the new tunes!
Trish thank you for the follow, Dan
...and it looks like we're back up and running.
So we're up 27-0 at the half. Still, looks like #iowahawkeyes have some work to do before the conference season.
Well my boyfriend is the one who makes beats so Alberto gave me a CD on Friday.
Kill bill vol 3 is commin out this year or next year lady gaga will be in it tho uma thurman played the shit out that movie and she killedit
-Will Henry
I want that, I don't have to yell it from the rooftop bc the glow on my face says it all, type love... lol
Parents who also work a nontraditional shift know that exhaustion doesn't land you in the hospital. ;)
Yes! Let's get together soon!
none,chillen,bout to head to the hood(North Memphis) and you?
Twitter is so much better than Facebook! Just saying
I know I'm late on this but what metta "world peace" did today made me so much happier that the pacers got rid of him when they did
Amen to that.
First Tweet <U+E057>
I love that...sometimes when there is no will they still seem to come and ask
You're so sweet thanks for bringing me some pudding even though I'm in the other room. :)
aha I always wanted my car to be glow in the dark
not a fan of either team, but lets get this going!
doesnt even talk t me thanks t megan
In trying to hack on taco bells wifi apparently the password is not taco.
Thanks, Zhina! Looking forward to reading your tweets.
haha thanks, hopefully I won't be shaking in my bed, afraid some paranormal stuff is gonna start happening
you inspire me Soo much! Just wanted to say hi! #tcproductioners! Let's get this trending!
Thanks for leaving #ALEC ! Appreciate you listening to us!
You had to have filled up by the airport. Those stations are very deceptive. its $3.65 everywhere else.
Charlie has got me vote. Bring it.
Fuck it. I'm watching My Little Pony until Matt gets home. Maybe if you're nice I'll share my Pony inspired cosplay.
At the same Damn time !
Get it in the Mornin like Alonzo
Total joke
Fill in the blanks! By Tuesday evening, Peyton Manning will sign with the BRONCOS! BELIEVE IN ELWAY
& that is the central weakness of his argument. Water down a historical movement & it serves as proxy for anything.
If I fail at life I always have the option of becoming a seedy blonde
This #bcs game is boring beyond beli...z...
What's your favorite song from "Many Waters/Many Floods?"
yes for sure! thank you!
There comes a time in everyone's life when you need to open your eyes to see what's real! Don't ignore it.
Sahweny's paper is really about category confusion occasioned in emergence of new technologies and how that leads to certain legal battles.
STOP tweeting me >.<
FOUR DAY WEEKEND!!!!
It's open to ALL our friends and family :D
Thank you Australian One Direction stalkers<3
PLEASE FOLLOW ME..you are AMAZING, you have such a unique voice, I cried watching your elimination and I just wish you won<U+2665>2
you have family in vzla? You're from costa rica right?
slow pig milwaukee april 22
I am sad to see being a dudebro is what i used to refer as a douchebro.
ooh...joey! :) nats just hit homer, tied 1-1 in 5th. Latos had been lights out until then.
: "how many fourths of a cup are in a cup? I havent baked in a while! No seriously! Are you really tweeting that?"
sucks to suck
Gay is Okay, that's all I gotta say.
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
GoodMorning All my twitter followers ! Today is going to be very exciting so stick around and check out my tweets !!!!
should i buy a kindle fire? or not?
Im recordin everything from day one in the gym
#texxtme!!! Super boring night!
Yay RT : Looking forward to opening up at the next week! Founded by & Ken Tominaga!...
so ... when were you gonna let me know you're in Nashville? how long you here?
juhhhh left a nugga hanging doe!
hey hey Lady! RT Hey, Hey, Hey Good Morning!
RT : The Wood did their thang today!!
my man I Cnt wait to get your vocals in that track kid!!!!!!
Up can't sleep and I have to be up ina couple hours ugh should of just went to tthe Club
The game is up.
Gonna finish my global hw
Still stuffed from last nights pizza extravaganza
stoked on all your tweets about
you're welcome!
Sitting out in my backyard around the fire pit singing one direction songs with the boys.
I feel privileged.
Okey Today At School Was Awesome I Got My First Client I Was So Scared But I Did It Im So Happy That I Think I Need A Drink lol
The average woman spends about 2 years of her lifetime looking at herself in a mirror. Men spend about 6 months.
It's National Brownie Day! "My childhood smelled of perfume and brownies."---David Leavitt Have a GREAT Friday eve everyone! :)
the lady at the Sparkle cleaners at 22nd and Meridian is really nice. And they always have a 2 for 1 pants special.
Let's give it a try <3
BULLS TIED UP
I'm touched, really. My conversion rate on Tumblr to Twitter followers has been mediocre at best... UNTIL NOW.
I was supposed to stop smoking but I forgot lol
Just watched Taylor Swift Live in Concert DVD! Pretty darn good! :)
It's a new year! Hell yeah!
KHSAA inductee Graham keeps competitive spirit despite battle with MS
What's wrong wit spike lee lol his outfits look like they out of andre3k closet
Shit I might jus right a fictional book.
The more I tell myself to forget you.the more I can't."
I'm from New York. Why the fuck am I in Seymour?
New deal alert!!!
I think I have a brain tumor, but it's probably all in my head.
It's still weird to hear Dave Van Horne broadcasting Marlins games...
I don't know what it is about going to childbirth class, but Zim seems to get all sorts of unruly at the end and right after.
We now have 33 confirmed restaurants for the 2012 Silver Spoon Awards!! Don't forget to get your tickets!!
Likewise! Social and revenue are two of my favorite things. :)
Or nightmare rather
Pain harnessed. Soldiering on. Thanks, Stella!
people make me mad easily because i cant stand them humans
you going to the festival tomorrow?
GUYS. YOU HAVE 50 MINUTES LEFT TO GET IN YOUR QUESTIONS FOR DENISE.
Thanks for the follow Sci-Fright! M... brains. Hearts are good too.... ;)
good chance they have the no. 1 pick again next year.
“: is founded on open, public and unfiltered...that's why it's so authentic #LINC” definitely key to their success.
I miss u 2
okay. im sure ill see you at tha graduation ! den ur ass is minee
Oh, now I see it. Nevermind.
if you get hit but the pitch and cry
If wishes come in rainbow colors then I would send the brightest one to say Happy Holi.
yeah !!!! aleluya !! i think yours smile is very very very nice !!!! love you !!!
My eyelashes burn for some reason ~.~
RT : Savior, He can move the mountains. My God is mighty to save, He is mighty to save!
Only 31 students have completed the Technology Poll. This is for Webb Students ONLY, please check your email for a link to the Poll.
Cafe Con Leche: Happy Easter Chi-City!! Dinner and live music 6p-9p with $5 Bloody Marys & Mimosas soak up some sun in the patio
Got to houston just in time for 5 o'clock traffic great
My name is Em5ma the 5 is silent.~
Current searches: Sales Engineer and Account Manager with colocation and cloud leader. Project Engineer in Smart Grid technology.
Ha! Maybe they offer a "30 day no questions asked" return policy. ;-)
Thank you for your awesome photo skills and for being a good friend!! Luv ya!!
Hiring now for new locations. Retail management candidates apply online AND get interviewed this week!
Thx, Abe! RT : Standing tall w/u. Have a fab 5K run friends.
does he fall on your gaydar?
why can't it be nice like this on my days off :(.
I didn't even cook, I should of ,lol!!! I'm @ sombody else house
Yo man do you like that Cuban Cigar track on my soundcloud? I was wondering if you want to guess spot on that track?
Stop buying and tax revenues go down at the same time as those put out of work by the lack of commerce need services
Packing done. Amen. I feel so accomplished!
awesome yes, BUT a Cardinal, MARK WHITEN hit 4HRs, and 12RBIs and 16 others hit 4HR. Only 1 has ever matched Alberts numbers.
Haven't see the sun in the afternoon for weeks with all this rain!! I love that Sun shining on me. Welcome back sun!!
I just hate on them 'cause all they do is click bait stories, they are getting more Gawker media every day.
I wonder if I could get lucky enough for to wish me a happy birthday today.. <3
starting early.
Isn't that the Susan B Koman Run? Ask I think she and are the charity heads this yr.
true, they're trying - my Chicago-centric worldview doesn't help. can't argue that MANY skip Indy for Bloomington, though
thanks! And thanks for the autoplay tip. Will wait for proper time to hit link.
Pls keep in touch as well. Hope you enjoy being on the #MWRC13 program committee!
Keep doing you making your music...
I wonder if the name 'Hester' was like the 'Britn'y' of the early 1600's.
Great shoot, couldn't have asked for a better crew. On to CT now
Love you guys!! hope you guys have fun on the US tour!!!! :D
Damn World peace is bringing the pain!
": Ten minutes left!! Did we mention that fastest today gets a $5000 prize?? #Indy500 #indycar2012"
Thanks for the RTs - 2 very different, but VERY hard working tweeters &
This was on Sunday when we got in town. Lenny Kravitz was there as well!!
lol naw I left them last year and upgraded. But we are trying to be like you & are working on starting our own biz
Feel better soon <3
I only feel free when I'm not tethered down. Comedy will give me the luxury of freedom, I hope.
Just take a second look and you'll see.
We are we are the ARMY OF GOD ! :D.
Hell yea bro Peso go hard
When you see a "hot" girl, instead of commenting, "I'd hit that" maybe try, "I'd picnic that."
Her imitation of pop = mau, da da =de de. She's PDD-Nos but she's definitely got some weird stuff goin on.
#idol - Joshua had a tough song to sing. He was all over the place vocally and it was OK at best.
you are creepy
can't sleep...ughh
I like to measure the degree of my messiness to the level of my creativity. My husband doesn't agree...
Awesome! We'll see you there (along with Steve Arnold from )..
It's another nasty day out in DC so I have decided to stay in bed all day! Or until the sun comes out!
Thanks to everyone who came to yesterday's vocal lesson. We scared a few pets while tapping into our belting voice!! So fun!
SUKIE!!!!!!! WHY YOU CRYIN? I GOt A PAIN IN MY SHEESSSS AND I CANT BREAFFFF
i so dont want to go to school today.
one of the librarians doing our training session. Good stuff!
Why do I like to speed in my car so much? Feels so good! And you know that ain't right.... La Speed Goddess on the highway. ;-)
Today I got shot up with b12. Hopefully this will help. I have do it for the rest of my life so it better work.
so over this bitch
oh yeah!!!
Rats!! Stet
Congratulations! Very well-deserved!
Good. We feed off your hate. In fact, we add a fine mint sauce to your hate and pair it with an oaky Cabernet.
You'll see why! RT : I haven't seen #Avengers yet, &amp; Disney has already announced a sequel. Can't wait til this weekend.
Always tell sum1 how U feel., b/c opportunities R lost in the Blink of an eye but Regret cn last 4 a Lifetime. Have an awsm Friday!
im so excited !
LaGuardia is old, small & crappy, limited ground transport into city. JFK is better. I prefer Newark, taking train into Penn.
well, & I love Bay View, but our landlord is selling the house, so we might as well move closer to work!
I love sleeping with the air on and blankets cold >>
my fvorite actor please juss follow him
I dont mind being ur boyfriend
This Is the first time im having only Cody as my icon..... Awks.
Some Secret Service hookers may have been underage: report - New York Daily News
is on campus to deliver pre-ordered regalia and sale of #USF items. LTB Atrium
I think I need a sister wife
Thank u so much!! I really Hope to see u guys soon!! Much Love and Prayers! =)
All this week I was a day ahead. Yesterday I thought it was Sunday, and today I thought it was Monday.
I just want to have the extra power of beaming that trans guy to a good partner who thinks his body was awesome. :(
#ThingsThatGirlsLike when boys give long hugs
I don't typically people watch this time of day, but it's quite interesting to observe people as they go about their morning routines.
I spread my wings and I learn how to fly..though it's not easy to tell you goodbye.
Night is here again to tell me that Time is not on my side.
I'm over today already and I just woke up :(
Start with Donald Glover and work backward. Patrice, Louis CK, Rock, Fallon, Conan, Corddry, Dice among the best.
what rap are you doing next?
#stupidwasted this weekend.
How's Germany?
Another summer day in January.
I just wanna sleep for a few weeks that's all
What time is it where you are?
Thanks - #FF to you, too!
holocaust jokes? Me either, Anne Frankly they should never be told in my opinion
at your show tonight!!!!!
#Factory tonight with the girls
I won't speak I won't say anything ima just leave it how it is.
im gunna be seeing you! im meeting you !
we love #burritos!
Good morning.
thats ALL ball.
becoming a beast to avoid the pain of being a man
Well, let me get started with my day.
Accounting. We meet again.
#FF great friend and cartoonist/illustrator/painter. Super talented and funny. Follow her now.
As I said, we have FAR too many affinities :-)
it was awesome
best days spent giving to other people
i'm honestly looking forward to it more than avengers or dark knight rises.
HAPPY APRIL FOOLS DAY
You're invited! Can't promise any Kardashians though. I've been here 48 hours and none are in sight.
needs to hangout with me
Lots of great ideas being pitched at #swdsm. It will be hard to choose a winner.
Okay(: 1 more tweet.! Doing. Shout out to anyone that tweets my tag(:
Kiss The Summer Hello artist coming up in minutes!
What's up w/ those turn overs?
If everything goes exactly as planned, there will still be at least 23 million uninsured once all the changes have taken effect.
I'm only fat, when it comes to Chipotle.
LOLOLOL "Let's get that ball" after Loney's first hit. You are wrong for that sir!! Funny though.
I like to leave the door open when I pee
TWITTER OUTAGE: This is NOT about a Hacker. "Powers" are attacking Twitter's freedom of speech. Note NSA's Facebook is still up :-)
how have things been with you
If Juwan Keep This Upp Then
Diamonds and Rust by Joan Baez is my current music obsession. :) She has my favorite female voice (Sam Cooke has my favorite male voice).
Have you entered our Show Us Your Outdoors contest?!
Melissa, where is the link to the site?
The is making everyone else do their work for them. , you said awareness is your biggest hurdle...
You need a bathing suit for each day of the week! #packlight GET WET Pool Party with BORIS and Friends...
it's these clubs ur brother recommended to me.
whha bout tomorrow?
"Online ticket sales are now closed (nearly 350!). We will be accepting walk-ins for $20 cash until 7pm. See you there tonight!"
youu follow me but please could you follow
Grown men owning a Nintendo DS
Omg #Smash was great! I love Karen!!!
Grindin! Got a new Facebook comin soon! Get us on Itunes! Listen on Rhapsody!
you as worthless as an ugly bitch that dont give head
(cont) pull your own parts junkyard, Spanish teacher, kitten pong, human frogger...you know it's that thing where midgets line dance.
See you soon, then! :]
Going shopping of the new r6 race bike ten taking the girls out shopping :) then off to salt lake city..... Again :-( Puerto Rico in 12 days
lol yes I did. Why spell check decided to take forget day off? I have no idea :/ smh
I smell mashups galore.
Elite Open Run Monday at Garner Road in Raleigh 145 Spread the Word!
Bro I left my charger in yo car tell Marcus to bring it in the AM
*Antenna“ I put a digital antennas in the kids room, and of course the only channel it gets is...Univision! Yes!”
Great Halloween turnout by the employees today. Progressive Insurance lady is the best so far. Will post picture later.
Haha! Grease hangover. What did you eat?
A mixed income revenue model is possible; Requires subsidy. $60 a year can't be self-sustaining.
Sorry web went down. DM me with where to send the flipbooks-Issue#2 will be out 8/27 .
depressed sometimes that I love so much and your not even know I exist,but who knows if someday I know#neversaynever hopefully
and our hugs! lol
We love && enjoy the pleasure and entertainment of having our favorite girls return!
Woo finally cooling off here in Van Hise! Can you tell?
Thanks brotha!! That's it!...Man is that Chicken Fried Steak good
Ya exactly, I wish it would happen too. Lol
idk i was asking u if she does
bbq at a gluten free place? Some things are sacred. The red beans were tasty, as was my veg sandwich. will go back 4 pizza.
thank you, will follow!
Big order from yesterday - cannot wait until it arrives!
It won't work unless the phone is first jailbroken and then unlocked. It will reject the SIM.
New 30" monitor. Wow. It's as big as a car hood. Now I need a bigger office so I can sit further away from it.
same here! Then #graduation!!! I can't believe its over but it can't come soon enough!
RT : #StateRepresentative John Patrick Julien talks about creating #jobs at the District 104 #TownHall meeting.
Had mind blowing studio visits this past week w/artists Anthony Lepore & Joel Kyack!
#yolo is up there too
I can't fully tell by this pic, but I am loving this hair!
Did you know that 5% of online users buy their music from iTunes & Co. and the other 95% download it illegally...?
So excited to kick off my 21st birthday with and in Baltimore next weekend!!
Second day of malfunctioning AC at work + tornado watch for Fairfield County until 8pm = beer @ Irish pub in Stamford.
Up and coming jazz crooner from Detroit...
yeah we gotta change that lmao...errthang good on my end I can't complain I'm still Livin LOL how u been
Who's this bitch callin a hoe ? I'm not the one making out with 4 different girls in the locker rooms,
Ima try to get something done today.
Ugh my parents
yup :p
Hope your night was GREAT!
yep there's another presentation for Schnurr's class
Check out FOX59 News at 5:00 PM for Mr. Handyman James Furrer with co Anchor Scott Jones on site
Mr lonely
You can have everything you want in life if you just help enough other people get what it is that they want” – Zig Ziglar
Dear snow, you're a little late, christmas is over.
That dangerous leap you take looking up new music.
DONE! I'm sincerely hoping to see and/or cause a fight tonight.
Your grumbles may or may not be for the same reason as mine. But I join in on general grumbling and add a giant bo!!
Getting my hood on!
good morning ppls.. how are ya??
Hey my friend long time no talk. Sounds like you are having a really bad day. :-( Hope it gets well.
I don't mind spending every day, out on your corner in the pouring rain.
in the end, i'll be fine.
Just ran the mile o; so tired ! >.<
Excited to work with again this year! Our #NikeProductCreationExperience kids are off to a great start w/the theme "Uniform of Youth"
How big? Not sure of your metric. How open? hosts a welcoming #Detroit Startup Drinks!
Spurs flags up on the ride! :)
#twinspotting , I love it. At least I didn't miss you.
Can't wait to hear the run-around on that one! #jesuswasgay ;)
It could be worse. They could play "The Final Countdown."
1 hour on the tractor...all is good! 3 hours on the weed-eater...all is painful! Seriously think it's time to invest in a DR Trimmer.
Excellent, I look forward to following your progress. Always interested in co's reinventing the wheel of publishing.
OH Hey!! DJ CYn at Brooklyn's Tavern at 930 Come Party!! No cover and sick specials Holla!!!
Damn beagle got KO-ed!!
Oh student government you make my life happy! Such a great team! :-D
#WhatsAlottaMoney when you aint happy with it
1,000 follower will get a very special present from the
I have seen them in concert more times than I can count, that concert was the best one!
If you haven't already, please go "like" the facebook! We can make it to 1,000 with your help! <3
for the love of all that's holy, i sure hope so
Happy Monday!!!!!!! Remember BETTER EVERYDAY!!!!!! See you at the STUDIO!
I understand that twitter is a long shot, but I'm looking for a room mate. Inquire within.
Thinking of your 'Why didn't my supervisor tell me' lament & how capable people actually ARE of articulating disciplinary norms...
I know haha what a crazy week! :P
Invitations almost all figured out! I'm so excited!!!!!!!!! My dress comes this week too!
Happy Birthday America!
Is it un-homo of me that i'm just now watching glee.......
i dont email eiters i only show on msn
will you hurry up already lol
Why in the hell do I have a Twitter account nobody cares what I think or say?
Hello Twitter!
will you ever come to australia? :) for your aussie mahomies like me? :) <3
Sunday morning sleep in
#ThankfulThursdayThought my coworker just said that "I am a wealth of Cleveland knowledge." Why thank you!
Why is it that with all the information available today on how to be successful in small business, so few people really are? -Michael Gerber
Happy birthday, and thanks for pitch quotes, Charles Dickens! "It was the best of times, it was the worst of times."
": Bring the beat in...."okay
Shameless on DVD. I've missed this show!
Thanks for making me cry, guys.
Idfk!!!! RT : what's wrong with it.
phone interview with soon. :)
Good Morning! I think I just went to sleep. Back up, busy day. Rainfall totals from NWB: Wx Office: 1.66" and Downtown: 1.85"
idk what is it to do down there
WRITERS - when you co-write always have your split sheet.
your 4sq tweet said you are at sony booth with 37 others but I think it meant 3700
B*TCH YOU SO "INDEPENDENT", BUY ME SOMETHING 2 EAT THEN!!! AND F*CK A #10 FROM MICKEY D'S..... I Want Lobster & Shrimp or
My new hobby is narrating Lucroys at bats in the voice of Droopy Dog.
after a 2 1/2 hour rain delay...The & Angels are underway on the Indians Radio Network.
I hate those man who's wearing a white t-shirt
RT : Thank you to everyone who attended the semis of "Return to Sender" at The Network One Act Festival!
yeah im bored
Colton just admitted to ripping off MN band Quietdrive's version of Cyndi Lauper's Time After Time.
Why are diapers like $10 bills? Because you have to change them.
Kill me
I'm flawless;)
What's everyone doing tonight?
oh, might have to make use of that! ;)
oh same but not from Georgia
have a great game #ravennation is behind ya!
we actually drink this frequently! It's quite tasty!
Shawty over there lookin badder den a bag of money .!
About to drop some knowledge on the COMM 351 class with - presenting on Greek Life is the easiest final I've ever had
All I sleep with now are his pjs :D
Wonderful! Congrats.
I think he could also but I like Headley and I hate Polanco
Obviously . Glad you get your Ke'Arra high for the day .
Twitter has transformed the peer review process for my students.
Build a studio and make beats all day!! RT : What would you do on the day you became a millionaire?
If they are trying to portray they have a perfect relationship those don't exist.
Ham and Eggs: A day's work for a chicken, a lifetime commitment for a pig.
amen Chris rock!
I'm coming by tonight
we a see tonight then
That's like asking for favorite child. I'll go with Founders CBS though RT : What's your favorite brew?
My Mom Cooked Dinner ! # Bouuta GRUB!
They're different. Kohl-Riggs wasn't put on the ballot by the Dem Party like "fake" Dems were. Hard to easily describe the diff.
Do you provide childcare for your children's children? What are the pros and cons? Today at noon we're talking "Grannies as Nannies."
We are talking scariest books in our #CMLbookchat. What is your favorite chiller?
If you're interested in arts education: just launched a new blog re: the politics of arts ed in California. Want to contribute? Direct msg.
that damn groin, what will we talk about tonight?
i will only if you sign mine
We've seen some of your finest beers at the finest pubs on the East Coast as of late... : )
OMG, RTed &' tweeted you! #Jelious . I wish he noticed me /;
have a great Monday
I'm not perfect nor do I live my life to be, But before you decide to point your fingers at how I live my life, make sure your hands are cle
Almost 300 followers! :D
still time to get someone you love a gift card from Delicious Planet!! EZ breezy :)
It feels good to explore different things ...
Delaware kills the penalty. 2:50 left in the first, 2-0 Blue Hens
Well you should
Volunteers are here! Doors open in 24 minutes for Easter brunch for the homeless!
omg then my dreams would come true
I've never cried so hard in my life. Omg.
I miss Texas. I think that's why I'm kind of grumpy
It's the little things we did and the dumb things we laughed at, that makes me miss you.
#nowplaying Accordian by #Madvillan could have the most original/awesome beat ever
Used to take the bus now the boi boards jets
It's a hoody ,flip flop wearing kind of day :)
Weird that i love being in the car during thunderstorms? Lightning is fascinating.
25 More days goin mindless everyday and will stay mindless Team RayRay
please see my DM and text!!!
So these lil kids think they gonna be krisppy rockkn k swiss and uspa....(LAUGHING)
Lady Gaga tries too hard. Her act comes across as desperate for attention.
thanks! They are addictive yet make you feel good about eating a good-for-you snack.
I love my coworkers they really care about me.
Watching "Dr. Phil" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
So much to do and I just got back from a conference..
I prefer the old school ones and faces...lol
what's the tailgating situation outside DSG Park without the Season Ticket VIP parking pass. Grills allowed?
RT : Hey all you library lovers! Write a love note to your library and send it to us in time for National Library...
where is everyone now?
not at sears I guess hahah I need to learn how to do this stuff myself!
:) I'm just kidding I love you :D
Django is great, not as mature. Advice? Build a quick CRUD app in both. Youll have to set both up, so will naturally like one more.
Porter Robinson tomorrow ! This weekends line up is soooper legit!
One smart Gooden play followed by one dumb one. At least they cancel out.
No class today!!! Bootcamp bound!
I remember one day I said I love you so much, that no matter how much you hurt me, I'll never walk away. Then one day you left.
That moment when you get into bed and your bed feels like the most comfortable thing ever>>>
Mo scares the shit out of me every April. One of these years, he really will be too old.
SPOILER ALERT: Hermione dies in childbirth and Harry Potter turns evil!
no flaming baseballs for me haha
Thanks for the interview about EMBARC. I am looking forward to the article!
JUSTIN JAGGERS, VEXAR DAVE, BROTHER DOUG & RIC CHETTER...if u love ANYTHING Memphis..love this...www.radio-memphis.com...This was made for U
Chairing the "Strategic Internal Comms in Government" conf. here in DC. So far great speakers from DOD, FDA, DHS & WA State
Haha! I like that! Good point! lol
haha go to bed loser <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>.. Before I come make u <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Remember there's no such thing as a small act of kindness
June 26th cant come fast enough! Linkin Park's new album! My anticipation gets higher everyday!
I don't care the least bit about "Milwaukee day"
This mean if I beat a niggahz ass he will reach tha end 2012 before anybody else deathpunch
STOP jinxing us please!!!!
Police officers were expected to vote for a politician that gave them their job. Bribery, including for promotions, was also common.
I do that all day.they forgot s doc google ADNAN SAKLI SEC. Lehman Bro . Only doc they missed.
a wedding. That goobaloob. I'm changing the locks. That sucks you didn't get together! He did say he left you a msg.
Wait what?? RT I'm such a slacker I missed The First Word with I can't remember the last time that happened!
Omg so exicited for
c: just checking lolol
follow me i follow back:)
Once in a great while, the weather trumps all.
Well put! : RT Or as I like to say about any project "start as you mean to go on."
Neither do we. RT hitting someone is fun. Not hitting on someone.. that just makes you look stupid... idk what i'm saying.
Come to this Friday night to learn the line dance to Saddle Up Shawty in prep for Mikel Knight's performance on 6/15!
We going to the UWM vs. Butler game Thursday? I owe you ticket money, I can pay in Dukes dollar beers!
What, you mean you're all human beings with lives and responsibilities? Shut the front door! ;)
It so cool looking down my timeline and seeing that everyone I know had a poppin ass night. Hope everyone has a repeat tonight !!
I really don't want to be here if it means I have to deal with drama.
great you?
She gotta get fucked til she tired
there is only about 7 nillion people in the worl lol the is no 5 billion cars lol :p
submitted my new story for approval - "Released from the Bridge" (for mature audiences only)
I hate sneezing...
its is the most awesomest website ever(:
I would like to see Marlee Maitlin guest star as Abby's Mother.
Archer: Burt Reynolds + Pimm's Cup = Comedy gold!
YP groups allow them to donate their time vs just giving money. There are plenty of groups that have made a difference.
lol yea my phone died last night, couldn't find what it was, spooky lol
[4 - 0] The Houston Astros scored against the Milwaukee Brewers in the top of the 5th inning. Houston Astros 4, Milwaukee Brewers 0
The rain brings out the #stupid in people...<U+2614>
Can you recommend some good books for my library card?
now ya know ya was the jump off if ya had gel shoes or light up shoes
omg u have no idea I've been waiting for this to come!
Why do I waste my time watching IU football?
what's going on!
S/O to check him out at DjLanta.com
My office decided to do a shoe off next week. Too many fab shoes in the office to not show them off. Guess who's going shoe shopping
haha oh yup I am right there with you on that awful orange team UT LOL!
nope. Wasn't there. :) twitter sarcasm. Heehee.
Yeah I left around 3:45...I told you yesterday I was leaving today!
Tamar Chansky: How to Overcome Performance Anxiety: Don't Think of It as a Performance: People aren't on the sidelines judging our li...
She was so hot in !!!
Electric Chapel!<U+266B>
YOU GO HOME YOU CRAZY CHILD
did you know the guy who got drafted?
Wearing a tucked-in shirt for like the 3rd time in years
Not even going to bother hoping and believing in these such false promises of yours. :p
Best things in life are nearest: Breath in your nostrils,light in your eyes,flowers at your feet,duties at your hand,path right just b4u.
“: Help us get more followers! RT this & 1 of u will b entered into a drawing to receive an ANA bracelet & 2 free stickers!!"
Thanks for the RT on our new print! :-)
Dinner tonight w/ Abbruzzi and I?
Screaming"ITS MY JAM" when our boys come on the radio-Kelly xoxo
Saw the whole thing from the start. Sorry I didn't record it guys
Going to the #movies to see john carter
Yee! also script reading!": I knew u were a cool dude, now it's official RT": Star Wars Marathon. yes :)"
long lost neighbor?
. Michigan State!
Thank you omer asik for blowing that win for us...
The movies are the only business where you can go out front and applaud yourself. - Will Rogers
i'll always love you too girl, and i can't wait to see you :)...soon, so soon!
follow back Lil dog
Raise A Child To The Best Of Your Ability.<U+2665>
hey follow back i need more followers
Happy Thanksgiving - Take time to count your blessings and to be nice to the dysfunctional family members and friends who are joining you.
Love it:)
Williams #SpriteSlam 360 off the glass
per WEEI, Will Middlebrooks' sister hit a HR at approx. the same time Will hit grand slam. She did so for UofTulsa Softball.
*** WARNING*** Get your business right n stay the hell outta mines:-)
Hello! 10-14 days is typical to Canada. But it can be more or less depending on several factors.
Note to self: there's a difference between "pathfinder due" and "pathfinder topic due"....
Wearing a romper to work = 10 min bathroom break
thank you. you rock!
so true!!
Money Isn't Everything, But It Sure Keeps The Kids In Touch.
The trailer for #Bully made me teary eyed. I will bawl if I watch that movie lol
whatever it is, it needs to be meaningful. Is there an incentive other than quality family time to promote?
My hips are completely out of line ! Have to wear a brace now D:
I'm envisioning a future where shaka goes to Illinois, gard to Nebraska, and in 4 years Brad Stevens to Wisconsin
RT ": West Coast, get ready for a mind-blowing season finale! #HIMYM #MagiciansCode"
It never fails, every time I come to Ohio I get sick.
Please RT this if u agree. needs to bring back and on #TheTalk. Send her a message w/me by RT this.
Remembering all those who lost their lives September 11, 2001. My thoughts and prayers are with their friends and families today.
yeah :) & you never text me!
Read Delirium by Lauren Oliver! So amazing. The first book could standalone in a sad way, but it's the 1st in a series.
RT : Other people are the reason why I'm not a people person.
Is it too soon to have my heart broken again by that damn good cup of joe? Maybe, but I'm a stronger person now. I can take it.
I still need to watch the movie, so just further incentive I guess. :)
Or renamed, perhaps.
You don't have to explain. It doesn't matter :3
DATS A SIGN OF INSECURITY NO DAT
I can hear my grandma say dont you dare cry, never wipe a tear lift your chin and let them air dry
Otto prolly smartest player they have. They will go farther then most ppl think. He is best def player
it's alright.. and I didn't want to eat Mexican with you and marc... ;)
Thanks: : thanks for your RT and keeping the community consistently informed, Robin & Amanda!
Opportunity is missed by most people because it's dressed in overalls and looks like work..Thomas Edison
#gsd = #gender and #sexuality diversity
what are you doing?
Just cause a girl doesn't rock high heels definitely doesn't mean she's frumpy! I never wear those uncomfortable things!
has. Some one ever told you your one sexy mofo.? Well I'd not now u can say yes!<3 #teamfollowback #TEAMBIEBER NEVERSAYNEVER:)
And of course I'd do anything for her I'd search the moons of Endor I'd even walk naked through The deserts of Tatooine
RT : I want to sing along to rap music but they use the N-Word and I'm white.
If everyone would be as nice as the people who work at Whataburger, the world would be a better place
Duke Libraries must change its policies to stay open to community after 7pm. Time to not monitor, but to open up to our community.
"The Waiting" is money. Lyrics tie in perfect with game situation. At minimum they could go w/ Jeopardy theme!
RT Don't text, tweet or type on your phone while driving, please. Please RETWEET this.
p.s. I wanna do another busboys night before I leave since you won't be around edit-a-thon night :(
Tons of O's fans tweet during every Yankees game about how all Yankees fans are the most evil people in the world
Cake & Ice Cream! Oh yeah :)
Love it! Compost away!
Leaving a week of paradise. Goodbye ocean. On a flight with David Axelrod. P
RT : yeah bro, need some of your production for my compilation album i am recording with several artists.
congrats ! You've won a freezer full of !!
come down to LA, you know were putting in work for the #superbowl, jalapeno poppers wrapped in bacon!
Just knowing that i have no worries about tomorrow is a fucking relief!
haha yes I love it.
RT : At least Mitch Daniels is looking at the camera.
Dig your profile! J.Nighties are also eco-friendly.Thanks for the follow!
Thanks for the follow! I've loved your photography ever since I moved to LA 10 years ago! Best wishes in 2012!!!
Technically the more Babbitt plays, the more we win. Think about it...
We're at the Redondo Beach Open House 'til 7PM. Swing by for an ice cold !
Unfortunately we will never know. Seems like #NFL extended olive branch to talk & #Saints players broke it & gave it back.
Even for a minimalist like me, moving sucks!
Can't believe how "Once Upon a Time" ended!
ya wif my bro hahaha lights just went back of phew
am I the only person in the house who is excited to get Rome on netflix? I think i am.
Teradata Announces National Merit Scholarship Winners for 2012
nailed me. Nailed me. Tip the cap. Im nodding off so bad. Eyes are pretty much closed
Have you ever tried the Zumba class at the LVAC?
GOOD MORNING ;D
Thus game is boring.
Los Angeles may be considered a car-centric town, but walking makes us a better city. The #Dodgers proved it tonight.
Supporting Justin Is Like Breathing. You never stop until you die.
Philly sold out so bad tonight.
scope out for next year?
definitely died a little inside today !
Wasn't Whitlock a Heat fan at the start of the season?
refs yinz suck!
whats on your instant netflix queue? need some additions!
For those of you who can't get enough #Avengers, the Disney animated series is quite good. Season 1 is on streaming now!
Come to think about it I had all the game back in day
what's a pedal board?
that's really just an equals sign in parentheses. :\
I came back from school and my sister said she have a gift for me.. she gave me a Movie i Wanted to see for AGES!
THE LAST FRIDAY OF 2011 AND THE GRIND IS STRONGER THAN EVER FALLING UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
look's like it's time for a haircut!
Why is he starting up talking to me again? Theres a month left of school.
What do you do to relax? When I take a break, it's hard to switch the cabeza off so always looking for tips.
I'm pretty sure you just endorsed my listening to gangster rap while I work. Thanks!
Thanks for your time and support!
What does have to say about backlash over Mens Health 911 comments?
Love my
I can't add anyone to my equation;D
#GritAndBalls RT : That one hurts. Like Garnett's 28-14-5 in Game 6 wasn't enough of a kick in the teeth for Gearon and Co.
Queering #Asexuality Studies: Examining #Queer and #Trans Practices and Experiences in Virtual and Non-Virtual #Asexual Communities in
Thanks Andy!!!!
Linked Mofans page to twitter account and now testing.
Where do u work @?
Thank you for being inspirational to all of us women in the entertainment world. Your words go more than skin deep!
Why would you come up and ask why we use "bao" in our name if you know what baozi is... Lol
backyard + hammock + laptop + iced coffee = awesome.
When did David Beckham turn 60?
Nutella is also good with everything
RT : Next Universitas Wednesday May 9 at 6:00PM at the Columbus Museum of Art. "How To Change the World in 90 Minutes."
dats messed up , ill be mad myself
love that picture.
Watching Invictus w She says, " this is like Tiger Basketball - It brings us all together!"
WHATS GOOD DENVER
Prayers go out to the victims that were killed at the state fair. I pray for peace for the families.
Impressed by the amount of filler pieces Fox has at the ready for such a long delay today at Daytona..
what's wrong with it :(
thanks. Very busy. It'll have a better flow once we remodel. Have a great evening!
#CosmopolitanCollation means cookery from all parts of the globe: Germany, France, England, Spain, and New England.
My biggest Mistake was letting you inn to ma life .
RT : SOCIAL MONDAYS TONIGHT AT im not djing but i might be making a guest appearance drinking a sparkling water
Tea, pls! Coffee/tea/scones
Ok, I'm officially over hearing about this Tupak hologram thing.
When life gives you lemonade, add vodka (:
Hey hey, we have a few more spots so if you didn't register but would like to attend, come on down tomorrow &/or Sat. & you might get in!
let me know details... I'm interested :)
What do you think of this years Stanley cup playoffs so far? Any predictions on the finals?
Where r yhu from? I am from Las Vegas Nevada.
We've officially crashed the wantickets server.
Spring is here! Outdoor performances coming soon! Where would you like to see some ballet in NYC?
Ohh i feel bad for you :(
glad today is my last day on this project - back to being retired...lol
This is the last competition the originals will have together :[
RT : It's when your ethics are tested in any job, that you find out what kind of person you really are.
she'll do that
Whatever you do you will enjoy yourself! Wave northward to my hometown for me, about 40 miles up A1A.
Can their #1fan get a follow back? <3
Right now, i have zero motivation to study for finals
Woohoo! We're so excited for you!! =) RT 19 days 'till SPAIN! <3
Madonna needs to stop.
Had a great photo shoot today. Thanks Amanda! And thanks to Carolyn, our new wardrobe gal! Love the energy.
I don't have time to please everyone, I barley have enough time to please myself.
Speaking at the forum now.
Had the privilege of baptizing Soren Zide today. Also, of making breakfast for JE for Mother's Day.
idk but did u see the look on heathers face?
It's going down infront of McDonald's...
why it wouldn't be worthwhile.....
the only bean I miss comes in my burrito
I fucks wit it..
Siiigghhh. I'm bored. Going to gymnastics soon I can fianaly do my bhs
Today's the last day to "Like" us on PFP to be entered to win a $50 Peanut Free Planet Gift Certificate ~ www.facebook.com/peanutfreeplanet
Not going; will be working away and did not request pass. Want to take some pics for us? :)
Speak it Dr. Dyson.
Nice to see good people & genuine talent getting discovered on American Idol. We hope to give the same type of opportunity to you.
Of course! Followed x
Layin in my bed relaxing, thinkin to much. I want sum company...wheres my fat boi??
Just did my senior speech on legalizing marijuana.
The cost savings was def. an added bonus! RT : I love that I was able to switch and SAVE money!
Can I be the 3rd lead guitarist who just doesn't give a fuck about anything but anarchy & disorder?? (and bitches)
Happy mothers day to all Mothers out there may God be with each and everyone of you guys
Rain, Rain GO AWAY! Game room opens at noon today :)
I make beats bro. All types. Versatility. And I'm also tryna do som tapes. Gotta hella equip and tryna rock wit chicago artists
Don't be shocked if my next short story freatures something that sucks out spinal fluid.
I'm up now. Nigga lol
off to rehearsal #1 for NYVS May 13 concert. May 19::B Minor Mass.Then to Boston to record. 6/2: NYVS w orch.Then to Europe w NYVS for tour
which one u watchin....
Vegetarians eating all the animal's food!
I'm not a fan of feta cheese but I am actually, literally ceiling fan. Looks like I FLIP-FLOPPED!
Maybe I shouldn't have RT'd that... now they're gonna know it came from me!
Not everyone is relevant to your purpose. Don’t spend energy making irrelevant people relevant.
Hiring a QA in the northern suburbs that has 5+ years of Quality Center and experience writing and executing detailed test cases. iSeries e…
i bet you will fall asleep on me tonight
m true, oh well #YOLO x) plus it's an easy school. I hate my school cause I get stressed out -.-
Last night I dreamed that I met it was so beautiful I even hug him and it felt good(: I was wishing it never end. <3
Our co-founder recently taught a class on "How to Get A Meeting With Anyone." Who wants the cliff notes?
ah. Great idea. is tryin to get me to do Mtn man. (or was) the water is crazy cold though, right??
We feel very lucky to be working with Black Marker Design on our clients websites!
GRIND November Specialty Drink start today but we just don't have 1 Specialty Drink we have 2! Maple Spice Latte and Waffle Crisp Mocha.
People Magazine wants to know who I'm rooting for in the SuperBowl. My answer: I don't give a crap!
New finding: Revenues from recurring gifts are rising at faster rate than one-time gifts.
Health reform webinar featuring Stan Dorn will be archived & available later in week online.
hashtags can be anything you want.
Make way high breed music
Am. So. Tired. RT Great this year!
So King of the Hill starts showing on Cartoon Network and my son says "l thought they only show cartoons." No sense of reality!
“: Hearing I love you never gets old”
So where is the Tigers SID watch party? Dyers???
. This is so infuriating!
Maybe I should stay awake a little longer.
I know! #fizzyfamily is the best haha :D
just wait until we in them beachhouses where the sand is white and the water is blue
like though the phone???? Are they nice????
Snagged some good leads at Mass TLC event for our many openings at Well worth the time!
“: is it time to go i want tacos from ” lol
on environmental justice: The world we live in unsustainable because of how we use natural resources
It was so cool riding the ferry during #EarthHour. Opera House lights + the Sydney Harbour Bridge were off!
hotness counts more then bowling:-) Thank you for playing:-)
Trying to find the supposed Chick-Fil-A in the Batman building in downtown Nashville. swears it's here.
I wouldn't take comments made in a deposition as an authoritative statement of corporate strategy.
Love that idea!
I'm Okay Now :) I Was Just Having One Of My Moments :/ That's ALl :)
Our biggest downfall? Our biggest setback? Jealousy. Think about it.
Very true, which is why I get "territorial." If working with SME's, hopefully they collaborate.
Life is to be lived, not managed, and mankind is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat.
Highly engaged workforce see three times operating margins increase.
Just passed by say Hi.
Omg haven't been on in forever! :) My friend told my crush I like him ah ohh well! :)
RT : MA ranks 6th in the nation in total jobs added last month (+9,100)
Sitting in traffic on I-35 on a Saturday.
Perfume Seven now offers shipping worldwide, email us for at for a quote.
proper attribute: Confucius. I'm pretty sure he said 'dick', too.
Melissa Esh excavates female adolescent sexual agency in Glee (but still problematic).
lol you're awesome man.
Dont miss out Saturday July 11 and July 12 at the Laredo Entertainment Center!
! You should fly up and come too
BA time last night. #UponHisFleshAllTheWay i love the GARARGE it makes my day and the lovely children there lawlz.haha "water" i love Aiylin
on family guy there acting like jews its funny as hell
Andrew you are the vice hipster. Notice the poll says which one is MORE hipster.
Luggage poetry.
Tijuana awaits me today! Full day of meetings. Hope everyone has a Happy Monday!
RT : Today, a hush of #Phillybrarians will meet at Taco Shop from 4-6pm for a talk, discussion & light networking.
Debt service is a critical issue in cities. I'd hate for Baltimore to be the next Harrisburg...
hope you have a good day as well
Titans are winning and tony stewart is runing in the top 5 at martinsville. Good day so far
when someone tells me they have gauges or want them I think they're referring to the speedometer, tachometer, and oil pressure gauge in cars
": from what I've been reading... you've impregnated a lot of girls with that first post." its true fredo
No better time to be at UK. did the "impossible". Shouts to for a amazing 4 years.
Adam, why are the Broncos interested in John Fox? Dude is 37-43 with only one winning season in the last five seasons.
Can't wait to use my gift card from #SDMNOHeartYourself for lunch at with ! Thanks :)
Rolling with the kids at dairy ashford roller rink
Good luck today to all the kids headed back to school.
if everyone in your family is healthy, you are truly rich! give them all a hug and a kiss and tell them how much you love them. :)
sorry my tweets have been so late to you!
OMG YOU JUST TWEETED ME!! WOW!!! I FEEL AWESOME!!! :) and that sounds so good! i want mac and cheese :)
U r the best thing that's ever been mine:)
thats great! call in and request us please!
So! Lol“: #Libra's have expensive taste.”
Turnover to start the game. Allow a bucket at the end of the a quarter. Not what you want when you're the road team. Lakers 23 Thunder 30.
Have watched a ton of football since moving to San Diego
Also Thx & We're huge in the moldings world these days, not so easy for modernists!
"Nazi" is a blocked search term, according to the school system filter. No idea why a history teacher would Google "Nazi"
lmaooo ikr. They need to teach him better comebacks tho
My eyes are like super glue, cant leave the tv hehehe.. and omg!! that straightner, was missed up :O
your an idiot... Lol
RT : Do you think Mike Woodson is the right guy for the job? (I like Woody...sure why not? Team needs a PG)
When you look for baked goods, do you actually read the labels? If it tastes good does it matter that it has artificial in it for coloring?
It's a storm outside, nd tha birds still got tha audacity to be annoyin as fuck. Y'all gay, hah.
Port of Oakland closed according to #occupyoakland protesters
What are the set times tonight? Thanks!!
Nice video! Hahahahahaha classic. Surprised that didn't happen to me a few times when I had the Celica.
Relay for Life is tonight! Haven't pulled an all-nighter for 2+ years! Ugh..need nap now!
What up King? Whats goin' on? I remember seeing you at the LES event with the kids.
Twelve years ago today I graduated from Today I celebrate my first Mother's Day. There will be toasting to both.
You can only lose something that you have, but you cannot lose something that you are. -Eckhart Tolle
Mike McCarthy was pawsitive DD was getting a 30.
at the airport. back to az!
no tix needed, but signing up helps!
How does a witch doctor ask a girl to dance ?'Voodoo like to dance with me ?'
wasnt medicine was it..
Ellen is the best lesbian in the world. She always seem so happy and positive. I wonder if she has a hard stud alter ego.
haha you want to fly them again?
This girl at my school posted a 13 pic on instagram I'm FREAKING OUT
(I agree!)
Anybody know where we can score some Koch? won't take our calls.
RT : Accepts/Regrets emails are on their way out. Check your speaker menu for the status of your submissions.
Though many are at the Tech Center, don't forget that Paley library is open 24 hours through Dec 16.
I'm down. How about Mondays at 10? LOL
I shouldn't have taken that nap...now I don't wanna go to my second class
Katrin, thanks for the mention!
Great hanging with you, Eric,Kim and the rest of the Fox News Gang. Big Daddy
you good down there i aint gotta cum down there to beat nun do i
Thanks for the lube job, Solved all my problems.
City Club tonight in SF!
#I dont get along with ppl anymore unless theyre my friends~*~
The only way they could be more inane. RT : I wonder if any Hollywood celebrities are on
haha, yes. Tread lightly.
thats what everyone says ha
follow me first and I will follow back
Lol RT : OH @ #PDX: "I hear they got some good restaurants in #Portland, and some fancy donut shop."
Oh. And I hope you do make it! They're really good live. :)
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Mentadent Dental Pics and most oral care products.
As soon as a man is cleansed from sin, he is clothed with praise to God. - Spurgeon
Wish I could watch. AT&T's truly craptastic wireless, however, prevents it. And I could REALLY use the diversion about now!
which of the answers won?
Who u got 2nite DUKE or UNC? Please make da right decision. LOL!
Well...guess I'll be home today too. Now JQ has a rash all over...to the doctor we go.
The first step to sanity is learning how to delegate some responsibility to other people.
wonder of this rt will up my #klouchebag score RT “: all!”
By the fire probably goin roast marshmallows!!!!
That was a fail of a study day.. Why do I have to get sick BEFORE finals week this semester?
That's it. Our night is complete. #foodiechats Yay!
Saw a girl use an inhaler at the gym. Brings me back
Yes please!
Focusing too much on the technology medium means you are missing the point: It's all about communication!
i look forward to the day when we look back and realize that our music meant something to someone. for now, it's for us. i get that.
I'm off all this shit. Later.
aww okay good. NO SAD BROOKES ALLOWED.
borrow a Davis 23 dress pants
19 Followers away from 300! Can we do it? I think so. (:
you should send me some pics!
All-Star Saturday draws its most viewers ever
So tempted to lay on this table and sun bathe.
Also, go check out our buddies in The Days The Nights at the Crystal Ballroom tonight. They are awesome guys, and they're new album rules!
i have a feeling im not getting any sleep tonight. lol thanks georgia . #loveyou!
and as of 20 min ago, I actually have somewhere for you guys to sleep!! there is a story
Um, what about Morna Hooker?
Do not be afraid of becoming the person you want to be and leaving a bit of the old self behind. A quote I like.
Yea man. I guess it's good we drafted 2 more d lineman this year.
The Corbomite Maneuver is far from perfect or even great, but as a pure distillation of #StarTrek it's hard to top. 1/2
sorry we can't make it tonight! Stuck at work- Hope you guys have fun at Fire on Water!!
Cause there is nobody else , it's gotta be you , only you:)x
Reading about the #artprize top ten. Really don't think 4/10 return finalists will help w/ cred. And a second year of screwy voting, shame.
bill evans trio 'come rain or shine' is music to my ears
tomorrow is Harvey Milk Festival in #sarasota. We cannot play this year cuz of a schedule thing, but you should def go!
I don't know of a #GAFAF12 category for RT in 5 min. or that a DYD would be eligible, But if so you would win! Lol
I'm never gonna give you up... for Lent.
#wouldyou send me beautiful red roses and a box of the best chocolate for valentines since I'm you special one?
you crazy!
god he knows I'm trying shake it off
sure! Thank you!,you are so sweet!
I'm a hungry hippo -_______-
getting harassed by cops<<<
I gt jealous @ the smallest things mad at the simplest bored super fast annoyed easily i care to much & I forgive ppl tht shldnt be forgiven
“: I don't understand how mizzou didn't get a #1 seed. Top 5 team and won their conference." hell ya Josh Abbott!
It doesn't hurt to see you go, it's hurts to see you go without care
What do you guys think of "Delicious Things" as the name of my new cooking show? It'll give me an excuse to have gay porn stars assist!
What does "Wait, Wait" trash talk sound like? Do the panelists even do that?
#LiLoAlert - I got scared
If your an Arianator or a Jordanizer than you should follow
I MISS XAVIER OMG :( F!!kLove It Dies Out
Thanks for sharing our entry on the Appomattox Campaign!
I don't know..
somebody do zumba with me lol
Great, sprawling conversation on linked data/ crowdsourcing at
Sitting on strong town in traffic watching one hell of a lightshow love #thunder&lightning
Running sounds great! Inspiring! Haven't figured out how to work that in with my 4 littles at home...someday!
Exciting week.
Rob lowe is chilling in my congressional politics class
I'll try my best!
Spotted Cow on tap. Wisconsin has my heart.
Christian TV "Love" is another HIT from The D!
power is an addictive drug hard to stop using harder when its abused
revisiting George Siemens' work on Connectivism
Hoping Christina is kinder to Aretha than she was to Frances Scott Key.
(jen) I just pocket dialed from where I'm sitting... next to him.
haha we sure can haha his going in your closet for sure
#NASCAR should really teach a terminology course #neckterms might be a good name for it
Tryna tell me who I can and can't hang out with at prom. Hunny you're NOT anyone to tell me that!
I know stuff... What are you looking to do?
Nice to see #Wes Matthews is trending right... About time!
thank you for the RT!! xo
Real Estate- the buying opportunity of the decade.
YOU'RE THE REASON IM SO FUCKING HATEFUL.
like wen she was talking 2 her mom about Matt - She cared for Matt but, needed 2 set him free . She was setting Damon free
is more sure than ever that he wants to work in public/academic libraries...no special collections or archives for this one.
just called me "Poochka" >.<
- What Bitch ? ? QT : the road had got a lil rocky so I didn't know if I should or not.
Four jurors in Arevalos case will talk to media
My cat thinks my laptop is a toy. Try to write with the space bar missing.
So you know, I would have cracked skulls due to that gross oversight; had them comp. order; & furnish a Limo for trek home.
#BeliebersAreAllStupid...no babe, I think its more like, #HatersAreAllStupid. I mean, come on STFU.
you are awesome!! thank you for following :) xo
"I'm not afraid of Bloody Mary."
has written pages upon pages trying to rid you from my bones
The transformation of my house into a winter wonderland has begun.
neither. When they saw the hat. HA. Thought i was gone huh. Never
Who wants to try an all nighter ?
Always remember that I have taken more out of alcohol than alcohol has taken out of me.
where you been?
Those who thirst for new life are satisfied; those who hunger for the living Word are filled! Give thanks to the Lord, for he is good.
I met Jack once! he's such a sweetie :)
Well I hope you get well soon.
Aaayyyoooooo!!!! BIG BLUE BABY! What a win <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><U+2764>
I thought it was funny! My family weird anyway. Mom calls me at work one day to tell me that my favorite Grandma died.
My new vision of a good diet has become pork rinds, hot sauce, and goat cheese.
Been really good! Busy with clients and work, etc. You? Time to catch up! long time no talk. How have you been?
yes I did yu said so what !
Rochester - tell us what you are up to on this sunny Sunday. Don't have plans? Join us on the Sam Patch in Pittsford...
Sorry for the delay, but it was working fine for me. Are you still having problems acessing the page?
I Wanna Go To The Beach But No It's too Early! -__- It's Only 12:20 PM
Ha, good point.
watching it!!!!
Good show. Visited tonight. Loved the Porche, Camaro, and Antiques.
Have a great show.
"Does a small-town haunted house sound scary? / Add Don Knotts and it's pure hilarity!" (Tomorrow! 7:30 PM! Portage Theater!)
Shooting on the marina all day xox sun xox models xox
We will be closed today (Monday April 2). We will be open Tuesday for our regular hours. See you tomorrow! ;-)
yes we do ! hide and seek in like a 5 by 5 room ahaha(:
That's adorable! Orange is Briley's middle name. Literally. Yes, I literally named my son a color (family name, however).
Congratulations to my 1000th follower, ! For her loyalty, she receives 500 Davebucks and a Dave-designed make-it-yourself donut
Good things come to those who tweet! Get 5 of your teammates to RT #marchforbabies305 and you could win 2 Adult Passes to !
Change your password, you've been hacked !
"lordhaveMercer: I don't understand how bars make money" me either! What could they possibly have th
Fourth Call Me, Maybe Sports Corner
haha told you mom he was cute, even my aunt is trying to get at him lol
You're followed lovers! :D
haha I'm moving up in the world
'I'm not afraid to die. I just don't want to be there when it happens.'
Sick well a lil better now thanks to my sunshine
the person who opened the account probably did it just for that. I wonder how many dumb girls sent pics to him
Thank you! It was a great event!
It's my 1/2 birthday!!
UFO's: Humans from the future after the development of time machines. Boom. Just blew your mind.
super bummed i can't make it to Chicago this weekend for 's birthday ;(
This <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> sucks... I hate being bored
Thanks! We got a lot of love for it last summer. Hoping to bring it to a wider audience this year.
“Politics still offers a way for corporations to compete [for government handouts]” ---Richard White book "Railroaded"
And I love you so very much my Beautiful wife. You are the best thing that has ever happen to me.
Why do the Avalanche have to be so good
how many movies did you "listen" to today? Hope you're alive.
love the freaking beach...! Booya!
It's always god's mysterious ways when you lose, eh? Sounds like u gonna wake up with a personal problem.
hahaha! Oh, Dutch. :)
---> NASA 32 RT : if u got trees then its time to light it up...I'm sippin codeine two styrefoam kups
Thanks and for the great social media training! Might even start a pinterest account.
Exactly! It's hard to turn away from tactics you're used to even if they're not working anymore
#oomf got some nice lips but can't hmu for shit
Can't believe Penn was mad at Adam was PM & took responsibility.Not his fault Trump gonna fire 2.
My Man's Be Hooking Need Up For The Low Might As Well Brah.
Challenge is going well ..luv my vi shakes!
- Thats Why i Never Gave Up & i Never Gave In, Cuss i know True Love is waiting for me again<U+2665>
You picked the wrong century to get married in.
will be doing a cameo in Damian Chapa's upcoming feature film "NIGHT BIRD". Stay tuned for more info on that one!
working on wigs for Dangerous Liasons today. I LOVE that play and the period. Might be my very favorite combo of period and play.
I hope you bought that shirt at a discount. There is a word spelled incorrectly.
You have to at least try . Accept effort as its own success .
I feel grody.
It's our proud boast that our record collection has over 250,000 rare items in stock.
How many people could have been fed with the amount of money spent on costumes alone
You had me at lie.
In case u live under a rock - The Avengers is good. U can't think too hard about it, but lots of fun n worth every penny on the big screen.
I'm 1 thesis defense, 1 class, & 1 historiographical essay away from diving into the giant pile of YA novels on my couch. Oh & having 2 MAs.
constantly moving in the wrong direction.
Once Austin becomes famous I can honestly say..I've been here from the beginning<3
i love you to pattie
Anything in the world >> Craig Sager's suits >> Craig Sager.
Mexico Revolution Day was yesterday, November 20th. How did you celebrate?
Stevie Wonder singing "Ribbon In The Sky" with new lyrics to honor Whitney. "You'll always be our ribbon in the sky."
bout to make pop corn in life skillz.
You had your chance; you blew it.</3
Would love that. Thanks Ethan! brendan at frontgatetickets .com
hahah yes! I'm drinking it by itself for like the first time ever it seems like.
David, 6:00 PST is the start time for tonight's Game 2.
I want a second job this summer!
I wanna do radio again what you think ? Lol lets add ;) sheaaaaa
Context: "I blog about ____" buttons scattered around the office. Colleague says "I twitter about why I don't blog"
Marble cave is calling my name right now.
New Pew Internet report on digital differences
totally! I hate that
Please say a pray for Ms. B while she is recovering from surgery. I just got off the phone w/her. She is just asking people to pray for her.
Thanks for the rts!
RGOKY :D I WILL NEVER STOP REPPING THEM OR LOVING THEM!!!!!!! <3
Please let it rain!
"Being well rounded is highly overrated" Danielle Laporte
Protect our second amendment rights
Kidd aggressive offensively! Mavs showing patience and excellent ball movement...
Behind the Cave Door.
yeah; that makes sense... I wouldn't know how to shop for kids, regardless. Books... I sent my cousin's newborn daughter a book...
U are just too excited about the nice weather today.
hell yeah dude! good times as always
we're having sloppy joes ASAP ! Just saw it on It Takes Two
Why am I still awake? I've got got work in the AM
We are open today!! A piping hot espresso drink and liege style waffle are just what the doctor ordered for this chilly day.
Good luck convincing AT&T and Comcast that access should be a legal right
I don't even like peanut butter so
hahah yes he does.
Your thoughts have gotten you to the point where u are today. Are you happy or do you feel you need to make a change for the better.
still waiting for the day that I'll get 50+retweets. LOLOLOLOL
Hey How it going, Happy New year. I was wondering how long do we have until submissions close
he wants em covred cause hes gay. . .how many str8 guys wear vests!
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to following you on
Contemplating a Saturday dinner... what about millet nachos? They made them at a cooking class at Mama Jean's. I must find that recipe.
Delightful discovery - Arlington has its share of blossoming beauties, cherry trees everywhere along my bus route :)
Great turnout of fundraisers for 's & my workshop on social media for #nonprofit orgs at the - Maryland conference!
Gone are the days of sitting around watching ball
And that's an almost wrap!
One reason professors might inflate grades is b/c they want the sem. over after submitting grades. If my busy inbox is any indication...
Thank you for not filling out all of the Obstacles' subheads. Already having fun coming up with my own.
Exactly!! RT : #thingsweallhate #Bears fans when they use #DA in stead of THE! #DaBearsStillSuck!!!!
stop, occupy yourself, stay busy. You're predicting & its like you're subconsciously expecting/asking for it.
Ah! I cant comment on 's NEW VIDEO because there's too manyy comments!! :o
Iso-Man Calvin has arrived! Everything about isometric exercise: with weights, without weights, with resistance bands, etc., etc!
| You are the GREATEST, so I<U+0092>ve written a FREE novel just for you htp://www.jimbrownbooks.com RT
valid points
Favre. It's going to hard for the Dolphins to rebound from the loss of Chad Henne for the season. It restricts
HOLY OH MY MOTHA FUDGING M&MS!!! JELENA'S REALLY OVER?!
Got an email saying my facebook account was reactivated. Who the fuck hacks in people's accounts? -.- lame.
Oh and don't forget the overbearing patriarchal views that influenced what was perceived as appropriate for women.
Pisco sours + Peruvian food comes to midtown. www.lamarcebicheria.com We can't wait.
oh yahh i was in a non service place for most of the day sorry i forgot... what did you need oh great one?
pound sign ihatemondays
Check out Dagnomusic.com today sell your music keep 100% of the revenue !
RT : RT : World Cafe Live is buzzing with excitement as #Phorum12 kicks off. Stop down in the demo pit and say hi.
Nothing like the smell of tanning in the morning. Eau de microwaved baby.
So I have visited 7 of the 12 homes on the #NKBA Kitchen tour. The MOST impressive is in #PointLoma on Scott st.
Timeline app suggestions?
the audio of Riley
Thanks for the ride fellas! Hope not hokes.
Got to class then realized I forgot my book bag. Shit
What's Draw Something??
Can't believe I'm saying this but...let's go Clippers!
Multi family yard sale starting tomorrow!! Vickers and academy 7am-1pm. Come check out all the wonderful items on sale!!
It's so hot. This cold shower really put in work!
Thanks to our new followers. If you are in the Modesto area and want to ride, guaranteed good time and food. 4 a good cause
Up for my last day of my intensive. I'm #sad. Boo... So much fun creating.
Job 29:12-13"because I rescued the poor who cried for help and the fatherss who had none to assist him. The man who was dying blessed me..."
I used to think drive through liqour stores were cool until I saw this 50% off coupon for booze shipped right to me!
Have you checked the Facebook messages?
Happy Earth Day from Beloved Moving Images
Sandy Denny playing in Starbucks!
Iam a promoter that IS LOOKING FOR PAYING CUSTOMERS TO COME OUT THIS SATURDAY @ tASTE ENT 6331 S LOWE (IN cHICAGO,iL) hit for info..
so wath did u do ??
Being on the jumbotron is SO surreal!
Pfffft slow to the game ! tweeted/posted about Prop 8 17 minutes before
Meeting with buyers at Monroe Commons. We can here the Badger game!
yes we are on our way to husky land
Thanks!! : morning shout to our US Shadow Rep. ..much more comming from this person...good thing/blessing
That's good Mikki. Stay warm. Heat up some more tea too.
hi! What's up
Don't be afraid to fall in love. It's the only thing that matters in life.
Can't Wait 2 Get In The Booth. I Need 2 Bad Az Fawk.
#SexandtheCity oh how I have missed you! Needed a dose of this wisdom. Makes me miss my college roomies tho! :-(
Damn the Pacers just couldnt finish it
Watching fairly odd parents for the first time in like 6 years..
Btw, #avengers was amazing. Maybe not the greatest movie ever made but definitely a must see, comic boo fan or not. Downey Jr = stellar.
WHY IS OVER?!?! WHY WOULD THEY CANCEL MY FAVORITE SHOW?!?! MY FAVORITE EXCEPT FOR ... 2 completely different shows..
"Rejoice in our suffering, suffering produces perseverance, perseverance character and character hope..." Romans 5:3
BUY BUY BUY!
an error doesnt become a mistake until you refuse to correct it
thanks for the follow totally appreciate it.!! Check out Wanted the Illist / The Wanted Emcees
Another day of catching up! THanks for continuing to send things in!
I need a hobby to occupy my time M-Th.
boy shut up!
Thank you for your improved insights
was that nick nolte clapping like he had a stroke?
i like the new pic
It Better Not Effing Rain, Though! This Hair Is NOT Getting Wet!
Please welcome MrsGorgeous901 to the Max life
Father of eight children? Is that right? Woow! You could start your own baseball team!
The least you can do is be nice...gosh. You have no idea what someone is going through.
Wow I have the worse luck with teachers I swear.
Yay, glad it arrived safely!
trying to find a book an earlier flight
I'm POSITIVE!
Today's question: What is your favorite lunch meal?
Good choice. Will not be dissappointed.
Somebody's acting out tonight...but ya see I know how to handle you...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Heard you got Sunday nights at the Cheetah Club
I rode for so long today that I'm sore. I may not get to tomorrow.
This is why most females and I don't click. All this shit talking behind your back & they smile in your face, bitch no.
The good life ;)
._. I love food
Blunt blowing
*shakes head*
Let Brian McKnight drop that new track and watch a brother hang from Chandelier to Chandelier in the bedroom Jumanji style.
Sad I have no sitter so cannot make pj20 screening in Santa fe tonight. Boo-that was supposed to be my birthday fun.
Say we love jennettemccurdy forever to:
hope he does well would live to see him on the field this year
Just realized that the campus comedy shows I attended as a freshman at USC in '86 were organized by my dorm-mate Judd Apatow. Wow.
I want to see a movie... any suggestions =)?
I want DDs..
who you heard thatfrom your self cause who would have yold you that espicalky ehen its not true dont say nobody either
Aye thats wasp! Have you decided which complex you're gonna live in?
We should talk =) We are also based out of DC.
Over the weekend I'm going to put together a list of all the Twitter accounts that I have (30) for Pay Per Tweets including :)
No lights on the subway basks the cabin in the glow of fifty smartphones.
Good Morning!! Happy Wed!
Who's going to step up and sponsor the Nationwide Tour? The insurance company is in its final year and PGA needs young talent out there!
haha sucks to suck
The background music is an interesting choice to the awards dinner.
so you just gave everyone permission to point and laugh
have high fiber in the morning to cut cravings later in the day
Gotta remember to pack my glittery Minnie Mouse ears to take with me on the inaugural #Disney Fantasy cruise! So excited!
I know at least 10 KC rappers that's better than LIL B...
On the plane! En route to see the woman who made me who I am today, the most amazing woman I know! MY MOTHER! #HappyMothersDay!
A bit terrified. I'm downloading RescueTime to automagically track where I'm spending my time.
Congratulations to the Alpha Epsilon pledge class. Your hard work has paid off. Welcome to the brotherhood!
I just love my publicists. True rock stars!
“‘you are to love ADONAI your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength.'
Lol No Baby I Love You Can You Take Me Baqk Imy :( QT : lol, you got to be kidding me right?
You're very welcome. :O) LOL.
No time to go to comic book store for day b/c I'm too busy writing a paper on comic books (specifically Wertham)
Hi! I'm looking for some insight from u...I'm thinking of moving n teaching in Greece....how do u like it there?
Saturday #shoutout to new followers and
#TylerCandle grab bags are now available!! Over 50% off!! xo
Arlington Library makes an appearance in Fallout 3.
The voice of parents is the voice of gods, for to their children they are heaven<U+0092>s lieutenants. ~ Shakespeare
happy birthday jelly!
have investigated. This blonde chick appears to have checked into 195 places in 12 days. SOMEONE'S CHEATING AT FOURSQUARE
Headed for Chicago. Bye bye home, computer, employment, etc. Here we go...
Thanks you for following!
I rely on twitter 4 marketing our clients services and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
lol I'm Sean ;)
what's the point of putting practice problems in the book if they only give you the answer to one!?!?!?!?!
Extroverted introvert--I like that! Me too.
Prediction: Vintage KG performance. BTW, did anyone get Sarah Phillips' pick for tonight?
RT Don't let the noise of other people's opinions drown out your own inner voice ~ Steve Jobs
Nim and Nem (Tim and MiWi) play songs with voices and guitars tonight - 9pm at St. Dymphna's 118 St. Mark's (near ave A) Spring Forward!
Looking for an #angrybirdscake in #Dallas for my son's 4th
until next game.
You serving up any homebrew for the Super Bowl this year?
want me to come save you? :p
Franchise!!! How have you been??
Look at that fight and tell me #pacquiao could give #mayweather a run for his money.
Don't flee New York for President's Day without getting you FIT-on first! Rohan will work you out to global Bollywood w.
IM BACKS (even though i know no one missed me)
My pleasure. They're good people over there.
Being with me is how you #HowToKeepSomeoneHappy :D
RT Had a nightmare that thousands of young guys think it's cool to wear hoodies @ work meetings
thank you for the
Rehearsal is not only to improve your performance. It's also to condition reflex.
just a check up, oil change?
Last Friday of the year <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Heard Kokomo on the radio this morning now I really want to go somewhere tropical. Thinking it may be time to get my passport app in
All my hoes conceded
Downloading Through Sin and Self Destruction. Hope it's good.
Go Seahawks! Please win!
any news regarding the southern adirondacks?
NEW PICTURES: Mug Shots April 7, 2012
“: If you ever want TERRIBLE advice… Just ask the bruhz” LMAO
Whoa. AP World History test is tomorrow...o.
Oops, that is #wisecamp - not #webcamp. Follow along!
Used Wheelchair Vans 1005# you have reached your maximum limit of possible api requests with this IP address. Please wait 24 hours.
you gotta tell me first so i can see if your right lol
AYE...HOLD UP...WAIT WHO YALL TALKING TOO????
Mornings are a bitch......because my female dog is named morning :)
RT Prof J.F.M.Cannon BM(NH): Did you identify that Campanula specimen I brought in? Me (student): Yes, it's a Convolvulus.
#fakingit anyone can look like a warrior, only a few can actually live as one.
Don't forget! Stay tuned for exciting news about Friedens and their DISCOUNTS FOR DONATIONS promotion!!!
Haha aww thanxs hun! Haha I'm sorry, I am super funny huh, and I'm sorry scpa sounds boring, they don't attract my kind
Time is running out.
oh that sucks i thought u wer gunna delete i was gunna be like wtf no why?!?!? Lol
ha no!
And I left my headphones in my car
mar. 2: happy dr. seuss's birthday! not-so-happy phillip k. dick's death-day...
Fergie's face looks likes she smoked 200 cartons of cigarettes and then sucked a lemon.
interested in Azure? follow for info and updates about #AzureBCTPA Azure Bootcamp Tampa 11/5 at USF
you're nosey and mean!! lol
Thanks for the S/O !
damn, the snow and the sunshine are conspiring to create beauty.
Usually don do dis....ok im lyin
My pleasure!
No ESPN Gameday, so Digger was bored, colored the uni's RT : I don't know what is worse, the Highlighter shirts or the socks.
Damn this shit getz old. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
We're excited for you and glad to have you with us! What class are you looking forward to the most?
now I'm looking forward to Christmas
Sharing a stage with next week at Rutgers. Eager to hear how creative placemaking shapes his agenda
This has been a tough week for me. I'm really learning big lessons. I'm opening up my awareness more and more.
On my way to see PARIAH with Dee Rees q&a. Thank you Ringo!
my music video is coming along nicely
How fun would it be to have a cute clown come and face paint all the kiddo's!? Games, Bubbles and Balloon Animal's too! :o)
Oh no worries that sounds like a great night! Is it playing locally in Philly?
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious.
Robb and I are going to a concert tonight so, next weekend.
RT We did, and my friend LOVED you guys. We will be back. :)
Looking for new TV show ideas... if you have something intresting to say... tweet me..
Damn it! I always eat after I brush my teeth... Now I gotta do it again.
Thank you!
:') yes!! That one! Ha *Googles jokes*
RT The Humanities and Critical Code Studies Lab will promote interdisciplinary discussion and ... methodologies of
good morning!
New episodes?
Yes!! I was just driving home in San Diego & the moon is amazingly stunning. Goodnight, Moon from a starstruck romantic.
No matter what you believe, it doesn't change the facts.
lol no pain.. I got lucky
Brigands demand your money or your life; women require both. ~ Samuel Butler
Nice, need to see the Cindy Sherman photos in person!
Thanks Marlon! How're you doing these days?
We have many great products in our store that are hand made by great artists!
Is that the one from the car collection on 146th & Biscayne? So cool!
"Just dance, it's gonna be ok" - MT : Fave quote?
At this point Jason would hang out with Edward Q all day rather than spend time with Sam.
I had a feeling these flannel sheets weren't going to make getting up at 5am any easier.
We certainly had fast food, although possibly the portion sizes of them have gone up since then
Dear person that figured out how to make whiskey: thanks a bunch.
Lots of my coworkers will be there. One of our old coworkers died of brain cancer a few years ago.
I want everyone out of that prison. It makes no sense. I'd rather fight you to make you improve than for your ignorance.
Wow. Freelancers: if you want some perspective on what you're up against when you reply to a "gig" posting on craigslist, post one yourself.
Bacon egg and cheeses from dunkin donuts fucking suck...
thank you Steve for making the box not a box.
Hi! Re strong/best leaders and questions... I wonder if part of the problem is that we all have different mindsets re leaders?
Her children rise up and call her blessed. - Proverbs 31:28
RT #Pisces are always caught between two different worlds ... W
RT : I dont think they will even stay with GB in the turkey day game. >> Minne made a game w/GB.
craigslist itself advises people to meet in public locations and not stray from them
you gunna come .?/
If anyone goes to uniontown ihop.....i am sorry if you see me, i look like crap because my brother wont let us go home first >:(
;) smile your on the camera well I haven't slept yet so I'm going to bed night <3 (:
hehe well I'm going to bed, goodnight Princess :) tweet ya later
nice singing voice you have there
I don't like the games u play but if u let summer last till November, I will forgive u, mother nature.
' What better way to add value to America than by supporting the edu of our youth." LtGen John B. Conaway on NGYChalleNGe
"If failure can't fail, the rest of us can never succeed." Truth as spoken by the always inspiring
will be back that wknd only. will have my lady and her 2 kids w me too. PG environment. Chargers weekend again this yr for RAVENS
thank you. I take your trust seriously.
A man tries to steal a car from a car dealership in Allston by driving it right out of the store
"Fortune favors the brave." - Publius Terence
Today, I tried buying quarter water. It was 35 cents.
haha I knoww, I always get so behind on my tweeting. Probably because I do it in my sleep lol
Hey thanks for letting us know!! You rock :)
i spend my fridays nights watching youtube videos.:D fun
Starbucks before class :) yum!
"The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding." (Leonardo da Vinci)
Indy Boot Camps Charity Boot Camp Class Every Sat at 9am with Half the Proceeds going to a Local Charity! $5 bucks for kids & adults!
Lol self control, get some.
I'm China Anne McClain's friend, Alexander Miiler
im so bored
what about the good ol us when do ya come here
Someone should buy Steve Mears a tie.
Great article on setting boundaries!
4 reminders a day to take some shots. A peace sign reversed & horizontal still means peace. Or I guess it could also mean, 'I'll take 2'!
School starts in 10 mins. And I'm still at home.... Fuck
Josh's roommate had some friends come over so they could go out dancing or something. They never left. Loud and rude.
Nobody's perfect.
I'll shut up now but it's a must read. Couldn't put it down. It would make a great movie or mini-series, esp. part on The Bulge.
: Is the House doing all it can to create jobs via online #poker licensing? Support HR 2366, the Online #Poker Act!
I have dentist appointment <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
followed back my 47 new followers lol! sry it took so long! haven't been on in a while :) go follow and ! :)
Car crashes into Boynton Beach home
Ski mask Guns Out #Move Out
Fifteen Inspector Lewis Mysteries all on Netflix ready to watch? Oh hells yes.
If you can do the Bartman, you're as bad as Michael Jackson.
When 2011 hits, #CovertTU goes into action. Maybe you should all brush up on your Bond films before then.
this guy next to me just said he'd make a great octopus
I got Alvarez and Money. Not the most original picks ever, I know this lol
I need a play by play of Lady Supermoon. Mom's room is on the wrong side of the hospital. :(
Who's excited about going to the midnight showing of "The Hunger Games?" I may be going with my daughter, Maddie.
Now that Mme LeMener is leaving nxt year my chances of passing French I have dropped <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> lol
I love your Dad Too.... he sound just like me! Hahahaha. I'm only on twitter because my 21 y/r old son convinced me of my privacy on here.
don't get me wrong, i actually look 4ward 2 my daily dose of oatmeal. but there was sthg about 2day's chorizo bkfast burrito...-lisa
Beyonce thinks I'm cute, it's okay Beyonce I think you're cute too
GURL when you do? I'm finna be an auntie.
Shoutout To Follow Her People !! =)
been real busy bro.. ill finish it up soon
Rio is actually a really funny movie...I liked it :)
My schedule for Wednesday includes an entry called "Mr. Potato Head interview." This cracks me up.
yay i finally joined!!!
We're starting early at 4pm to raise a bunch for The Children's Hospital of Denver. Help us raise money, www.dealshow.com
yeah, Unfortunately ...i will be heading up Friday night . He lives on Loudon?
approve RT : Jamming to some J Biebs with Getting some dirty looks, but still executing supply chain excellence.
the secret is.....[change the channel]
I Just Love How My Phone Randomly Dies When Somebody Calls Me!!. (-.-)
What an amazing day with Sarah, Lin, & David a.k.a. Sexy Belize Man :)
I am sayin the same thing
I'm going to do laundry now. Self-congratulating rich people are exhausting.
Wow! Academy learning outside the walls of their classrooms. Thanks for sharing!
However, blood shows up immediately!!! By the way, face slammed into concrete and no scars whatsoever! You aRe DONE!
Woops! Sorry for the down time folks, we're back up.
Humor is harmful, and can ruin lives
Looking forward to participating in tomorrow's #babychat!
I see how it is Travis! Replying to everybody but me! I miss you and blah! So you know how long it's been since ive seen you?!
(I've been travelling and spending time with family to celebrate graduation, hence my absence from Twitter, btw. I'll be back!)
Check out our friends who are launching this week and connects you with VIPs while supporting good causes!
Programs are at the printer, silent auction items are piled high, ?uestlove's equipment is good to go...time for the weekend! Happy Friday!
Ha! I totally just flipped off the Fall 2012 registration sign at UH. Suckers! ;-)
YES the highlands was so epic jigga!!!! So much fun. You were single and I was figuring out things and we just had so much fun
"Take Your Hand" and "Throwback" are my joints. I always play those when I can.
Thanks for the RT!
morning cuddles with chris && mo
Thought I was go absolutely die at the gym today wtf
I know how that is. Sweet dreams :)
The awkward moment when the girl who had an abortion likes a "stop abortion" link o_0
Love it! RT : I would love to see vegetable garden & talk about importance involve our kids in gardening!
did you try to get her number pervert
Good Morning Farm friends...come by today and say Hi to your fellow Farmers! Our strain of the day is Super Silver Berry!
Hope everyone has a happy Flag Day!!
Thanks for the follow. ~Mark
When is it? Can you email me details?
Time for the Meatball Housewives !!!!
happy B DAY my dude
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho doesn't listen to Of Mice & Men
Not sure how to take that nickel back performance... Uninspired and poor song selection.
Do I need to come by this afternoon again? I'm already eating a block of New Moon while I set up the Cirrus shoot...
Let's Go Cards!
To save future heartache, a PSA: Aloha no longer serves complimentary soup and salad.
PP sucked last 2 Seasons. Kitchen was in charge 2010/11 season. Short memories.
Looks like the #Thunder are playing this game in Pandora.
don't understand how my short wife can take up the entire king size bed...#badnightofsleep thanks sugarfoot!
aweeh. You so sweet c':
HEY SIS!!!..STAMPED-N-DIVAS!!!
On the way to Selma for the march--watching Eyes on the Prize video about the Bloody Sunday march
I've broken down and started listening to christmas music!!!
Kiss my golden glorious ass.
Congrats to Hazavanicious, his direction in The Artist was spot on for recreating silent film. But in my opinion, Scorsese should've won
Good luck to my bro and peformannce
Dominos allows you to put the status of your pizza on Facebook. Wow
I love thunderstorms. :)
Yours or maybe someone you helped through social. I have forgotten everything.
I love #popcornopolis! This helping me get through work! Haha
okay Jenna I will... Lo siento, but we all miss you here at grazis :(
I'm sorry love :(
Don't like me? Have a seat with all the other bitches waiting for me to give a fuck!
How do I get out of twitter prison ? I can not follow anyone, is there a secret?
Hadn't heard of it 'til now, but D9 sounds cool. I'm picking up a friend from SEA Sun. afternoon, but otherwise I'm game.
happy Tuesday
Hot soups and sandwiches for lunch. 35 cent wings tonight and team trivia at 8pm.
Your mission statement: Is it a mission or a promise? And in the end, which is more powerful? via
i want someday so bad...
Does DC have a tiki bar? I think it's ready.
welcome to the Florida weather :)
Pat's a fool.
you're welcome! I love watching you and match (almost) everyday.
it's always been a pleasure. You never know maybe it will be 9 years next year haha
Truck are at Dania Beach for lunch. 1200 Stirling Road. Eat at
Getting high off of highlighters
Brendan said it can be service hours or a coffee talk
hm the team in blue looks like their fans are leaving early. this feels eerily familiar...
Check out Lindy Fix tonight at 8! Lesson by Mark and Sylbie with DJ Nate!
I've been on Roosevelt for an hour, going south. I could have walked home by now.
Cam Newton had a great year and he should be the
RT : #DidYouKnow fact - There is a gas cloud in space with enough alcohol to make 400 trillion trillion pnts of beer
I got a new bike from today! The Alysa FTO! Just got back from a bike ride and I absolutely love it!
I heard you liked wetted meld
fun fact: being exposed to a ginger is 10x more dangerous than being exposed to radiation
RIP to the man who got killed tonight.
What the hell am I going to do with all these "G8 is GR8" t-shirts now?
Bored af right now
i mean… will i really have to use yahoo?
Also, I'm straight up pounding these Ben & Jerry's ice cream bars in the media tent.
well that's disappointing
Good morning!!! ---- can't breathe out of my nose today! Ah.....
Any idea when 'Lunch with a Legend' will start up again?
all your tweets about camp team stuff makes me want to come back to AU just to be on camp team!
You know, they should make that a city-wide event/fundraiser: "Walk I-40 for Charity" or something like that... :)
Everyone kept seeing that I wasn't myself. even my best mate Adrian, can see it.
cant wait to see ur nba 2k12 videos
Time to get back in the swing of things! #9RoundMinute coming up at noon!!
Great! I'm looking forward to being a part of the discussion!
Happy New Year everyone :)
Its Sunday, come rage with us for all day happy hour!!
I'm gonna put mine on my fridge!
that's my baby brothers name lol
Yes, column about the influences of corporate politics in objective journalism (or whatever it is Kornheiser does).
RT : Existing home sales fell 3.8% in May to a 4.81 million annual rate. Realtors' group cites high gas prices and severe weather
We are thankful to all of our wonderful clients. What are you thankful for today?
I am so happy you retired from the and dedicate so much time to Twitter. It makes my life more entertaining.
I miss you and I love you!
then you love me! :D
Interactive video is the future of healthcare info education-viewers receive a tailored msg based on their wants and needs
one of the illest contributions to hip hop hands down
if you are putting money on it #kings otherwise #preds given the MKE connection?
I have a programming degree, but really wish I had the time and money to study more :)... The technology changes so fast.
on my way
Pass around my videos please! Http://www.YouTube.com/Thatkidmeli
"The LORD will fight for you, and you will hold your peace."~Exodus 14:14
Community Links insertion deadline today! Call now for the next issue!
no it's not.
bout to crash nite twitter <333 I LOVE YOU GOODNIGHT
Good luck! Hope one of you posts the outcomes, I would be interested.
No challenge is too difficult for me, no obstacle too high, no sickness, no person, nothing that can keep me from my God-given destiny.
On a scale of 1-5, how impractical would it be to go to Vegas to see the Beatles Cirque show? I'm thinking....completely practical.
If you loved me you'll show me instead of always telling me.
AA is fine, Falling in Reverse is fine. BVB, BOTDF is shit.
lol! Ur welcome dude! :) I'm catching up right now. Any wait to c the new season!
I'm game! Wait, what are we talking about?
suggest they see or another editor...
Ponzu Lovers: Marukan’s Soy Ponzu is now available at
two most important things to have on assign = batteries and memory cards.
Follow me and I'll dm you my plan to make all my bff's dreams come true. You play a big part.
that was actually the #ecar study...
We don't want the Angels leftovers!!!!!
We're probably the coolest and best apartment matching service you know. Just call us The Love Doctor of #apartment pairing. ;)
exactly, that is 's point, and why we blame the violator in this case
"Tennessee is my kitten." -
Next week special coming soon
I use Starbucks so often for their bathrooms my bowels can no longer move unless I see that green logo first.
76ers know they garbage..
S/O to my dude on gettin inked up today! Happy birthday man!
Lmao nice shoulda known you was gonna pretty much play me. fuck you. #Pissed off
Tonight is our first time. Seeing you that is! Can't wait to hear you live.
i can almost taste the cynicism and sarcasm in that. ouch
Corporate life is not for me.
June ~>RT Is your birthday coming up? Let me know and receive a birthday gift from me!
that run-in diss was just so hurtful lol
Seniors better have a good ass prank planned out for tomorrow.
she's in the top 10 hands down. #gotmodels?
Foodshoppin at pathmark cause yolo. If I see anyone I know there I'll be horrified. I look like crapp.
I wanna dance and love
ha alright hun :)
got some new lip rings at hot topic!!!
I feel bad:( it was an april fool joke on my kids and fam!!
Well, gee, thanks! “: has the best iced coffee in town.”
Mike Eisenberg talks about the future of info literacy
Hey Drake how you doin ;) I hope all is good, Mucho Amor from your chica Tiff <3
you guys fly coach wearing niners attire and night on the town on you guys in SF#NinerNation baby!
What a strange narrowness of mind now is that, to think the things we have not known are better than the things we have known. ~S Johnson
sore muscles
it froze, but I didn't hang up.
I just earned the Mobile Streaker badge on #Yelp!
it's 47 degrees--same temp as yesterday
I, no WE your #BelieberFamiliy will be there for you until the end ! because we love you , and everything you do <U+2665>
Having dinner at for What a beautiful view. Stay tuned for pictures.
Thanks to everybody who has been joining us for open mic nights. It has been amazing to see all this talent in one place!
Do you know what the fuck makes you happy, cause at the end, who's there? You. -Tyler the Creator.
Thanks for the FridayFollow!
RT Is it racist to say that all anime characters look alike?
We're opening at 11am! SW 9th and Alder.
k gurrlll just tweeted
Life goes on, people forget, and old wounds heal. Nothing lasts forever.
I told Greg he needs to get on there easy money
thanks man!
After 5 wonderful years in a row, have to skip XI. Work and economy driven reasons! Who's going on XI?
Why does BART keep fucking up the 19th St connection?
MT From police blotter when Joseph's head was knocked off park's nativity: "No suspects or witnesses except for God."
I found the first movie I was paid to make. Figures I saved the movie and not the $. "The Advisor" Ironic !
brunch, softball, relaxing. You?
Declined for an individual health policy due to a preexisting condition? We can educate you on your options. Give us a call at 619.222.0119.
RT : how exciting!
Decided to open my PS3 to see why it sounds like a train running on tracks...Wish me luck
lol I just said he gonna shoot somebody
Very impressed w/ the new commercials airing during these NBA playoff games. Right up there w/ Nike in terms of having "it".
The 1st murder conviction obtained through fingerprints was in 1892 (Argentina). A mother killed her 2 children, leaving her print behind.
Awkwardly wanting to be with someone 24/7 only after knowing them for a week ugh.
y'all make the semi-annual back chatter of council a pleasure.
you dont mess with a tired girls coffee..
you all know how long it would take?
Most things killing brain cells r fun RT : Is it bad that I love the smell of freshly painted walls? Lol
:( I'm sorry. I think about you tho(:
Summer where u at?!
Interesting; drug traffickers don't tend to pack up in a van and drive their drugs from Venezuela. How do US gun laws come in?
Who creates trust and higher purpose amongst their people and gets unparalleled levels of support for common goals.
Hey guys, the first night of In-Q's two-night only show was awesome...one more night..tomorrow...be warned...standing room only.
Finally back in Indy after a great time in STL..ready to get the weekend started. #Lebowski Night at the Elbow room is up first. Who's in?
any thoughts on the Canon EOS Rebel T1i? took the survery said it was the best match 4 what im looking for. additional thoughts?
I feel lik durin this class is my all time high point of tweeting.
That's exactly why the SC doesn't want cameras in court. Out of context sound bites. BUT reading an entire opinion is BORING!
thanks! You too. (:
A strong woman knows how to keep her life in line. With tears in her eyes, she still manages to say "Nah, Im fine"
good! That sounds awesome! I miss you! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Me- "Frank adding me on Facebook and stuff." Frank- "You know what that means." Colin-"Wants the d."
Haha, my Loki comment caused a [very] minor uproar. :)
Any suggestions on group video conference options. Educator discounts would be great. Groups <10. Skype Premium?? Thanks.
Lol Thank You aha
Check out our Used Car Specials this week- Price Reductions on 24 cars.
LOL i was trying to forget that one. he was a bit young for the role. but yeah, still an awesome flick! gotta love Raimi :)
Excited that is finally opening its doors for business today! Definitely going to hit that up tonight!
Media is reporting Microsoft will pull out of CES after 2012!
NYStock Exchange says there was NO error during massive 998 point drop in the stock market." No error? It sure looked funny.
Took a walk an checked out a book at today.
Began reading Chekov's The Lady with the Dog story yesterday. Can't wait for lunch today to finish it. Watermelon for a snack too, ha.
what did they tell you in the office?
I love watching proud families stand up and cheer for their
Did Wes Welker really host a party with an all midget wait staff? I cant decide if thats offensive or amazing...maybe both.
Feeling good right now ;)
Movie sex scenes involving Ryan Gosling are cruel. Just cruel.
2 take aways I've learned so far: The technology for making and distributing films is changing and "it's all about the story"
Good question. I guess I'll let you know when I find that out myself.
I now remember seeing this as I was falling asleep last night. Actually thought it might have been a HS friend.
If u followers under 30 don't know how great Albert Brooks, Billy Crystal & Steve Martin r, rent DRIVE, MR. SATURDAY NIGHT & THE JERK stat
omg ! I signed and looked at the pic that truely awesome it looks soo real !! u did A UNBelievably Awesome job !! hope jbcs
Happy Mother's Day to the best mom in the world! Love you mom (:
Rice given Davis isn't 100% and playing niners D. I roll dice with Skelton, you KNOW Moore sucks, we only THINK Skelton does.
Did not expect to hear so much about LOVE today. Different kind of conference, indeed.
I know the feeling!
life is good b a beast about it H.
#edt246 It's interesting how Eizmore's family is just as self sufficient as Jenny and Donny. They would grow/work for everything they needed
If that one floppy is the key, I will have lived the wrong life. :-)
Reasons why so many changes fail #9 Lack of Trust Can Kill Change. See blog post on this critical issue.
I hate movies like when their speaking in another language.
Big win! Had a great time watching it with the OU club of indianapolis!
thank you for your follow!
Google Chrome! You have "Aw, Snap'ed" me for the last time! Welcome back Firefox 6... at least for the time being.
you'll figure out a way to follow me when i'll be verified celeb, yea i'm told to be a dreamer, Supernatural Teen romance
#wcmf11 Branding yourself is important because there's so much competition in journalism
I'm sorry to hear about the loss of your brother. We've never met, but you have my deepest sympathies.
Twitter beef on my TL *gets popcorn*
Time for me to go peeps. Gotta go and buy some beer. Gonna get my drink on.
ive been busy, alot i never thought it was this hard to make money
All mock picks seem=OTs. W/ Collie and Hayden's health issues couldn't we go WR/CB? Or do u see White/Tyron making improvements?
YES ;D haha, i love u!
Come on #weather! It's almost #June and it's still SO Chilly. My #Peppers don't like you. Please warm up!
Wake up before 6 am is not healthy at all
Laying down , over here bored and Im getting like no jeff lol
too funny. Love the shot where you wrote your name on your chest. OK... back to working out...
My sophomore will not be missed. It sucked so much <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0088>
Ah, what would we do with out ya Barb
#cil2010 is a trending topic for Washington!
does this guy ever stop talking? Nice to have you back but try and get a word in!
im loving the show so far
im all for frinds over for cookouts/gameday and havin a goodtime doin that then being at a bar
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which, in prosperous circumstances, would have lain dormant. -Horace
Well played, and thank you for the new hash tag
Austin Mahone = s-e-x-y.
yay! thank you... getting ready? ;)
Goodnight Brody, I love you!
My two favorite idols of season 11
ohh, cool :) Lets talk :)
Sometimes I Stevie wonder....
*raises eyebrows at you*
Steve Jobs shows how
Giggle a little “: If a wack rapper wit no album out told u "all he does is make hits" what wuld u do?”
Oh dear...with my cousin Ashley married and possibly moving, I'm now the only woman in this building.
my stomach just grawled.
nah I'm solid:) thanks tho.
No the other person lol
Wow! Just stumbled on the gallery website and it's beautiful. Nice to see Idaho on the art scene map. :-)
RT if you don't care what people think about you+n+(<U+30C4>)+n+
I said "professional".
It's not much of a relief when the game gives me trophies like "Blunder."
Sometimes Songs express the way we feel
I am happy to see sunflowers sprouting in my yard. I can't wait to garden some more!
What I let the boys do for fun.
Dat baby don't look like me!
Akismet is fine, that won't cause any image upload problems.
Of all our infirmities, the most savage is to despise our being. ~Michel de Montaigne
My bad, it was John Wesley.
Seeing the wonderful (Nancy Dobbs Owen) in "The Bridge Club" at Deaf West. Catch it, closing soon!
so where is the online petition to keep you out of directing retirement? Fanbase not really interested in how you feel about it.
"Mao's Last Dancer" is gripping--I couldn't stop thinking about it for days after watching. BTW, congrats on a fabulous ArtScape!
Okay legislators, as an allergy sufferer this 30day limit on pseudoephedrine needs to end ASAP. 24 pills 12 hours per - over 30 days. $&@)$
RT : When starting a new weight program you must have a clear mind,believe in what you are doing,eliminate negative...
#FavoriteSuperhero Batman vigilante, overcame tragedy and overall a boss
Track your rainmaking efforts and measure the results for it is the only way you can have certain knowledge of is and is not working
For more information, email us at or call 512-459-4405 All the best - SCREVEN EDGERTON M.D. a.k.a. (DR. E)
woman you aren't a citizen? HOW DID I NOT KNOW THIS?
so sorry to hear that...statistically ABQ is very safe, but there are some bad eggs out there. I hope you notified ?
For some reason , WAKA Flocka would scare me if I was on the streets at night .
Wampserver's new site design is awesome!
I so would much rather be asleep then writing this paper I promised myself I wouldn't procrastinate on.
Small biz Saturday has arrived!!
Friday Feb. 24th two 16 year olds were driving to cheer at a basketball game, hit a patch of black ice and were hit by an
2nd shoot day on Saltwater!!!
I don't understand why ppl liked The Hunger Games movies ... The book was seriously 100 times better!!!
You know you butt-dialed me 5 times yesterday and today? I
Tired, need to pee and still running errends. Its a day for isles and glaciers I think.
heck yea! Thanks bro
I LOVE YOUR NEW SONG BOYFRIEND (: AMAZIING
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance. -Samuel Johnson
we still need to hang out!!
Thanks Jack. I'll make sure to share it with everyone!
I have to finish the album I'm working on now... I won't be able to do anything till march
How did I not know that Knight Library has chairs that rock?!?
i hate going to school when its raining.
The Moon!
Cheers to the weekend!
- It has been over a week since you gave me an update on the $. Please advise asap!
Great pressure shooting by Phil Forte to win the American high school 3-point shooting contest in New Orleans on CBS Sports.
I still can't stop smiling <3
One thing worse than a drunk Yankee fan. 23 drunk Yankee fans.
Color correction is looking good for ! Heading into the home stretch of post!
Enjoying a quiet moment. Next week starts recording at SHU with the SOUL SHAKEDOWN
And if I do say so myself, I look pretty damn good as a redhead. Better than blonde, at least
Despite a laidback wkend enjoying my parents' visit to CLE, I'm so tired today. Upside? I have an excuse to treat myself to coffee!
#whenitwascoolto smoke ciggerettes boys to men were making hits
God their passive aggressive bullshit is tiresome
#ShoutOutToo her twitcon is pretty ^_^ guys follow her!
you're a bitch
Great exhibit on Zimbabwean stone sculpture in Atlanta airport.
Am loving this twilight
paragon friends rock
I'm not headed that way, but know I'm waving through my computer screen.
well, I don't think that's just a "bear" issue.........
85% of Chinese spend time on Chinese web pages
Thanks for the follow, Tom!
Organic Black Bean and Quinoa Burgers served on soft Artisan Bread.....Dinner at D'Lish Drive Thru...Open til 9pm!!
To me, it doesn't matter if an artist or song is mainstream. If It sounds good to me,
2 hours of #glee + Lindsay Lohan? YES!
Random girl messages me and says my picture makes me look gay! Umm thanks HOE I see your pregnant again.......
Thanks for the resource. I really appreciate it.
why in a rush?
it's about to go down man
Advice for the #CUA bros & biddies: Try writing a love letter next time. We hear they impress more than drunken stupors.
Damn i wish i went to Vegas
You rock, Patti. RT : Getting ready for the first meeting of the 37days Book Club! I love reading and thinking in community!
na chill I'm bout to ccome thru and take one allso
My heads all tied up like a pretzel, I got a pretzel in my head
wanted to update you on what's going on with the Global Success Club.. '90 Days To $100K/Yr" program! www.globalsuccessclubusa.com
So do I. It's kind of like a grammar game you can play.
He has great stage presence too. Love especially when he sings ballads and plays the piano like last night.
Looks like another HOT week in Raleigh coming up! 90 - 95 every day..... Baseball practice tomorrow - bring lots of water!
the years to come there will be thousands of FREE members making 4 and 5 figure incomes from the technology IN PS.
Congratulations !! So exciting to hear Milo Greene on Grey's Anatomy!
I agree w/ are gonna win! Positive vibes, positive tweets.
I kno it is what it is with me a person work speaks for itself....
UK opens up as a 21.5 point favorite against Ole Miss today.
"There are two types of smokers in this world, those trying to quit and those who quit buying"
the next two days are gonna suck.
why's it called Puzzles?
Grains are debatable, but dairy is not necessarily healthy in my opinion
False. Do we need to have an intervention?
GOOD LUCK WITH YOUR BRACES! YOUR GONNA LOOK GREAT!<3(:
[Heb4:2]To us & also them the gospel was preached but the word preached did not profit them not being mixed with faith in them that heard it
RT : "If President Obama cured Hunger-The GOP would blame him for over Population"--- Alan Grayson-(D)
don't text me when im texting you, now i have to change my text
Saw #50/50 tonight...is there any Seth Rogen movie where he isn't smoking weed?? lol
hey can you get on pimd cuz it's not letting me
did an audit of my seed bank and found that I have over 40 species of herbs, fruits, and vegetables.
I bought some #kingtravisclothing :)
IT'S ALMOST MOTHERDAY... SHE'S A BIG FAN OF YOU. PLEASE TWEET: DEAR RENATE AND DANIELLE.. HAPPY MOTHERDAY.. PLEASE!!!
awesome! Looking forward to getting over the standing desk hump.
they always come back...
Thanks for the follow... now following back! ;D
Hope all goes well in Haiti!
Thanks for the follow! Love your work. Let's connect.
just for that she's upset with you right now. Lol.
alright. I'm quite excited.
based on the tweetage, looks like your talk went really well! so glad! want to know more about what you're doing w/ protovis!
Congrats! What you get? RT lol. Yep. Moving on up
I wish it had just been a standalone & not a series. Would have been much stronger that way. But EVERYONE is doing series now.
i'm not saying my job could be done by ANY rabbit... but humbled likewise. :)
yes! She's a stud.
I mean why in the Hell would I be serious. It's twitter. I mean I got death threats today from anonymous ppl..obv I'm joking
Spider Lou, spider Lou...
Peace, love and happy memories!
Good morning good #tea people! Like rain, people come into our lives to keep us from being parched.
just saw your Twitter bio says "part time resident of " That's fantastic! :)
Hey, I am following you !!!
Car service gal: Excuse the wait, we're going thru a system upgrade. So fun. Have you ever been thru one? Me: Daily. I develop systems.
Dey say stop chasing a look at who chasing you. Wat if you not attracted to em
Thanks for the RT Bob
how's that working out for ya? Follow news sites and then go from there. Lots of great D town folks too
Cool whos your favorite wrestler.
Heading down to Towson U. today to sell some tickets. Look for , , and
Use Medicinal Cannabis......and Fight Cancer...
Are you ready for some football???
can I send you guys some stuff?
what??? who the hell is hary??
i would totally love to cook for you. I really like to especially if it's be for you.. you'd be grateful.
You are rockstar women. And you're beautiful.
Wonder if I set up the IR cams on the DVR if I can capture ghosts of Turkey's today?
was the only one with something negative to say about it damn her!!
Oh i already met him last friday but i wanna see him again
“Action expresses priorities.” ~Mohandas K. Gandhi If this is true, then I... must... get.... back.... to... Jerez!!!!
Was such a nice weekend.
So...Buckethead doesn't get inducted with Guns N Roses, but Steven Adler does? They both played on one album...
Dur, I didn't have auto-update turned on. Still curious about the location storage back-end. Is it per-tweet? Thanks!
who cares about #beck?? what about #beggy?
how r u?! miss you!
Hey Who's your favorite athlete? Who would you like to see us interview?
TY for the RT ! I feel the same feelings you do! No doubt that FB has a plan when it come to ads & such.
I think it was scooby doo and the globetrotters.
But we're having a heat wave!
Lust for Life
I don't what is w my truck that certain city cops love but pull me over all you want bitches shiiiit is clean booooooooomm
Really honored by co-winning annual #teamwork award last night with ! Congrats to all the other award winners too!
CRSS would like 2 thank U all 4 ur continued support, & love @ our events. W/out U all, we wouldn't b here. So we r forever greatful!!! XOXO
Finally, we'll stop being confused with a pair of pants!
I'm opening the largest personal training studio in the Northwest soon - come to #Seattle?
For someone everybody seems to think is leaving, Andy MacPhail is still working pretty hard. He just walks away? Hm...
Need some more followers!
It's David you mention our workout on
sounds to us like you're planning for your future! :D
At a wedding<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0091>
Yeah plus a nigga dont get paid till tomrrow. But i'll see if ppl still tryna hoop tho
get me some! Its mine aswell! :D
Will Work for 7D Blimp.
Gov. Bentley signs tornado tax holiday bill
#sales is psychology. So u better learn about psychology.
You can get much further with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone. ~~~ Al Capone
so fucking tired, but that's what i get for not eating protein
Girl! That was a good tweet! Too bad I can't retweet it tho cause your account private!
is in the house!!! Always a party with a good people doing positive great things!
you're right...we take it back!
<U+E343> here's you a kabob.
Can't stop itching my leg! What the fuckkkk
Excuse me but I don't turn around for"aye girl"
Anybody know if the Pens game will be on at Divestock?
lol omg yes! I hope it wins!
you got to be kidding me! paul george should have won with 2 amazing dunk come on people
yeah that sucks.
please follow back?! It would make my day 10x better(:
Dreams leads to success/success leads to dream that seem impossible to touch
come on
My little Florida sunshines just bought land in Elma to build a house !!!! Excited is not even the word <U+2600><U+2764>
I still can't get over the $1,540 bullet I dodged at the #Blackjack table Thursday night. Hell, it wasn't even a bullet... it was a bomb!
Everyone I want to go ; isn't going :|
I thought so too!! Pretty cool!
I will be doing an internet-friendly version too. :-)
Missing My Beloved Country #Egypt :(
My mom is gone! Time to make her cupcakes before she comes home.
I picked you as a Cooper! How much do you know about fermaldehyde in FEMA trailers?
text mee :D
Purchase How to Find Your Dream Job, Even in a Recession with 15% off with coupon code SEPTSAVE305. Hurry ... offer ends Friday.
rock on gurlllll
DYING. DYING. DYING.
he's still riding the penn state train
Tbh the only boy that doesnt seem like a dick is Justin. FORREAL THO
SO. JEALOUS. RT : listening to John Green in person. SWOON.
Meet Dara, Jera, and Katelin at the Middle States accreditation conference in Washington, Dec 11-13.
I know i'd never let you walk away, so why do I push you til you break.
You guys are so cute together!
will be there!
just at house after seeing Sebastian at the mall that mother fucker didnt even tlk to me
The #HorseshoeCasino is grand opening, and I am going to bed. Have fun #CLE! Play something fun for me!
Do you know about the Cherokee Challenge? $20k in seed funding + office space + back office + mentoring: www.cherokeechallenge.clm
I'd like working retail more if I could sit down and not constantly have to "appear busy". Working 9-4 tomorrow on my feet -- kill me now!
it's the cocaine!
That is a good one. Against the Dark is one of the LOW budget movies he produced himself.
I remember hearing John Cougar (Mellencamp) doing I Need a Lover and Pat Benatar's Heartbreaker.
All I see on my TL are the following words: bitch, nigga, east/west side, fuck, and mother fucker. it's good to see twitter never changes.
It's like a million degrees outside.
Scratch that... Conference Finals tomorrow! Getting ahead of myself. Lol.
Happy Leap Day! How are you spending your extra day??
I'm sorry I wanna be all yours, I'm sorry I wanna love you...
Sliced 2 of my fingers open with a butterknife.
Great session tonite at The men continue to exceed expectations. Demo day is gonna rock!
I was told zero anywhere.
“: These people on my floor really gotta stop slammin these doors..”blows you doesn't it.
Wow, thank you!
Yes I really am awake. Early morning delivery of to the airport.
Are you excited for both of us music video to come out
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN!!!!!! :) I LOVE YOU AND YOU'RE AMAZING <3 hope you had a fabulous day!! :D You deserve it! :D
this summer i'm not gonna straighten/curly my hair, UNLESS for a special occasion. this shit needs to heal.
R2-D2 = SO HOT RIGHT NOW.
hello thanks for the follow..
#itsCuteWhen a girl blushes just by seeing you
wow, obnoxious marketing lameness. Thx
RT : RT : Khabibulin uses a torspo stick.u don't C many of those arnd anymore.that's even be4 's time!
Very easy to setup. Please let us know if you need any assistance.
what song?
was good ma
Done. Ma says hi back.
the boy in the striped pajamas makes me cry every time :'(
thanks...we got another one coming hopefully! Its been the most fun ever!
I'm at work lol
SUPER BOWL
LOL OMG "IT LOOKED LIKE A DIAPER"
These folk serious ok ... Gut check time....taking the gloves off... Got caught look'n ... Taking it back to the trenches
How did it take me this long to go to Donn's Depot? This place is the best!
My Cousin Swallowed A Nickel Friday Hes Only 4 You Cant Blame Him
Mess with me? I'll let karma do its job. Mess with my family? I'll become karma.
They say money talks, I believe em cause mine keep saying GOOD BYE!
GOODMORNING LADY'S
Masterfully done sir!
shouldnt he have said run plane? #wordplay #getit?
You lie the loudest when you lie to yourself!
CAUSE I LOVE
G'day to all!
Feeling very encouraged. Thank all of you for the RTs and Prayers. I'm praying for you as well.
I love it.
Can't wait to hear all about it!
If you all actually believe that madison said he would kiss that madisongirlx or w.e the fuck her name is under the mistletoe you're dumb
Exactly one week til the band trip (:
Thank for the #MM mention. Have a beautiful week!
"My Old Kentucky Home" at the Kentucky Derby is the greatest moment in all of sports.
BCBA Prep Workshops starting March 26th! Do you know anyone taking the exam in May?Pass this on. 10% off w/mention of Twitter or Facebook
u think he looks good without braces or u prefer braces:)
Niggas I tell u
Too bad you don't have an iPad to pass the time, #bro. They're tits. GOOD LUCK! xoxox
Today! Last chance! Get those Creative Bravos Nominations in!
I thinks most of the attention given to Sarah Palin has to do with her looks because she really has nothing other to offer
very agreed...they deserved to play the whole time
make it nasty
is fosho my favorite Asian.
i know you will never see this but you have inspired me so much to never give up no matter what anyone says so thanks (:
love it!
Having drinks with friends & family this holiday season? We reccomend a Grasshopper or a White Russian! They lift your holiday spirits!
Damn we livin in a carless world
In the studio today working on beats gotta a movie deal on the line, I NEED that check!!!
Not sure if anyone thought this yet, but Avery coming up indicates to me that Reimold might be on the DL a while longer.
Bout to get ready to leave my house!
Honey, look the place of the brain in your head, until now, vacant.
Hockey is the Bad Girls Club on ice.
I like how u put the put the Jk but in reality ur thinkin omg Paetan look at his but #justsayin lol
Can't fall asleep, just keep thinking about everything I have to do tomorrow.
haha, I have no off switch.
Goodmorning I'm Sick And Pissed Off I Don't Want To Go To School Ugh
New #GeekTrivia question from : Who created the Golden Age DC Comics character Slam Brady?
who else has a panel at SXSWi. Would love to fill my schedule with your talented brains.
It sure looks like it buddy. I like what I'm seeing from the Giants camp so far.
Recession solved: fiverr.com. Thanks, internet. You always have the answers.
i know how you feel.. i have biostats on tuesday and i have yet to study =/
My step daughter is a monster on the btl
Got in a 5K run BEFORE work today and it felt great! Nice to have some #Motivation again!
In 1949, the Soviet Union lifted the Berlin Blockade, which the Western powers had succeeded in circumventing with their Berlin Airlift.
UNCLE RUSH YO NEPHEW
Are you excited for your upcoming performance at ?
This is like watching a HS D5 Girls JV game, except that's a knock on HS D5 Girls JV shooting.
Hope you enjoy your food.. and have an awesome weekend!
Specialist for my arm <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> hopefully no surgery ...that'd be a mood killer ..
:) It was realxed, I just went to the flea market to buy some moto equipment and some hiking packs and changed the oil in the trucks
So in everything, do to others what you would have them do to you, for this sums up the Law and the Prophets."
me and my date look damn good!
You're welcome!!
No emergency PR today. Let's hope they get the wildfire out and away from our water supplies.
I'm glad y'all are doing great! How is the house searching?
We need ONE MORE fan to reach 300 Likes on FB! Who will be our 300th #Encore Fan!?
Thank you guys! 76 followers!! :) Can I get 80?? :)
good luck nikki ! (:
Haha he deserved it! What did you ever do to him to get such hate???
just presented Oral History Association in Prague.
If anyone has a "KEEP ON" kinda life story, or moment, and ure willing to share it, please send to .
dont be hating! see ya tomorrow loser
*Groan RT George R.R. Martin in Rolling Stone: 200 pages done out of 1500 in Winds of Winter.
Hi Monica, thanks for the Special K. Have a good weekend.
Haha yeah :D
Argentina’s football league changed it’s name to Crucero General Belgrano 1st Div. after the ship that was sunk in 1982. FIFA is not happy.
Had so much fun at yesterday's Vets Day Parade! Glad sponsors stepped up to make it happen! Thanks for your help
It'll be easy to binge watch later on DVD or Netflix. Probably could do season 1 in one marathon weekend.
Keep guessing! I'll give you a hint, you are WAY low! RT : 300,000lbs.
At smoky mountain brewery in waldens landing in pigeon forge
Today's Google Doodle is awesome! Check it out if you need a smile or if you're into Muybridge and early video.
that's why we're having the assembly--and it is the first one
And u r one of the most patient people I know! RT I put together nicks bedroom set from ikea...By myself! You can do it!
Still working on piecing my friday night together! hahah -
Haha tell that to the interactive team, who has to do a shot of Tabasco today :)
They just came out with a album around this time last year. Not as good as the first, but definitely better than the second.
thinks it's crazy college life is in madison wisconsin! brings back freshman memories :)
Well the Redskins did it again, 1st they draft RG I and now Kirk Cousins in the 4th round. Can you say Heath Shuler and Gus Frerotte. Wow
Some men are just horribly indiscreet when their gaze falls upon the female form. Jedi padewons or worse it seems.
All deez rappaz frownin in there pics like someone just slapped there momma'z face or like they gotta fart real bad and tryin to hold it____
#NP "Long as they keep printing it there's chances of getting it, Money's my bitch and we stay intimate"
I'm genuinely excited for college looking at all of these books makes 2 years seem like a lifetime.
Their bigger insult is employing Anthony Lane.
I have upset teen problems. Ah!
Be sure to RT the last message we retweeted from for a chance to win tix to our 9/16 Gabriel Iglesias show!
i know its a full version of BITCH YOU WRONG and I want it
"Looking forward to meeting my referral partner this evening."
I just died
Looks like they have a serious ethics issue in their system design. Classic punishing the user.
who can help me get to 200 followers....No One? screw you then!:)
Everyone get to a tv and put on for #30RockLive.Last time they did the live episode and the cast put on a great show
Don't sale your hair to a wig shop..
R school assists the community by having a food drive 4 R local food pantry. It has become a staple in the schedule each year.
Your in my arms tonight
My dream >>
Romance your mate by giving him or her your full, undivided attention.
TradeKing and Zecco are merging, except for the free trading part. Suxors for Zecco customers.
I don't have either of them yet.
we'll be printing a lot of new merch soon in anticipation of tours and the new record. I will personally let you know when I do.
I am not sure who said it but they couldn't mean don't plan at all
Agreed! "Housing first" model's very gratifying all around.
maybe someday!
looks like a useful tool. I could've used that heads-up info during my 1/2 Iron last wk. My athletes would prob love it too!!
Miss you too!! Hope you get to go and have a fun day!
Great Lake & Burt's shouldn't evn be cnsidrd same food. Both gr8, but distant cousins, at most. Try Grt Lake!
When is the last time you stopped in for a look at our shelves? Come on down and see us!! Just a short drive down Federal open till 7! :)
yes Omg I'm so excited I can't wait until they start selling tickets
I DONT GIVE A FUCK IF YOU DONT NEED ME NOW….
Hey guys follow my #1Dfamily sister shes awesome xx
There seem to be some holes in #KONY2012 and with #IC. Do your research. However, they have succeeded with raising awareness. First step.
Drunk chick on flight vomited on herself. Then got mad when there were no other seats for her to move to. Mad & sitting in her own filth.
i talked to my original penpal from almost 20 years ago yesterday. Still lives in Vila-Real. Totally gutted.
Thank u for the follow! We appreciate it! :-)
Computer is running out of battery. Guess I'l shut it down now.
Everyday is Sunday around here! Except we wake up late, thereby being crappy not-believing-in-stuffers.
they paid for your flight and all that? I need that hook up
Feeling a little sick today so I didn't go to school. Now I can enjoy my powdered doughnuts.
it would be legit if you followed me right now<3 :)
Speaking with law firms and clients in legal services about balancing margins and efficiency via Cloud-enablement
eyes set to kill <3
Headed to on Sunday with & Melody, Gail and Susan
look at my last tweet lmfao
a mandatory $28 parking fee sort of nixes the good deal I got on a hotel through Priceline.
I can remember more than a few Independence Days in Chicago that were chillier and worse than this here St. Patty's Day.
Follow me on instagram
If sweat had a sound, mine would sound like porrlaaaaannnnddddd
Normally I smile at ppl who show up 5 mins before a movie starts, looking for 4-5 seats. At least till they start asking ppl to switch seats
Tweet me please i'm really bored :(
The real question is, are you a Rapid Github User?
Still in a New York state of mind.
Just voted in the ALA/AASL elections. Make sure if you are a member to take time to vote!!! Let your voice be heard!
12 team PPR. 3 keepers: Rice, J Charles, Nicks, Graham, Stafford, Manning, F-Jax, or Best? Please Help!
Just watched DayToday New York... I wana party with and Turn Up!!!
I say Gangstalicious from the Boondocks RT : Ok I'm baffled by this one. Someone just told me I look like 50 cent???....
Haha that is true! But only! If its a bad thing you were doin!
If april showers bring may flowers? Then is may rain all in vain?
So emotionally drained after the Hunger Games.
... don't play with people's feelings. You suck, fucking lemming.
On the scene at AZ...already 80°! Psyched to get started!
Congrats on the big win today #gobadgers!
gotta song for you whens the next time you can get in the yo?
Well, I thought Ron Artest had come a long way. But I guess not. Oh well. Kinda an ugly scene at Staples Center.
hahahahaha that was hilarious
thank's for the RT. glad all is well in your neck of the woods. Really can't imagine a Romney US.
Shed a few tears watching The Voice
who wants to do the pretty girl rock????
lmao you know it!
Tonight is one of the only nights of the week for R&B & Hip Hop! If that's what U like, the u need to be at
They're getting trashed 11-6, so disappointed
Awww you like me? And her, and her and her..Wow, I feel special.
Now that I know the right tweet :) I would add that it "can" change with experience but it does not mean that it will be noticeable
u aren't gonna become one of those crossfit nuts right?
Despite the rumbly weather my patients have been super mellow and sweet today :) We dont need the spa music- just keeping the windows open!
It turned out better than I thought. I will send you a pic later - it will be shot this weekend. Faux fur sheds like crazy.ugh.
Is my bookshelf a library?
M, ranch flavored body of Christ.
Yes Clippers got the win! Good way to redeem that loss.
I miss mike so much :( can't wait to see him monday
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn they stopped caring
I thought he was following me already
so yummy
Only in Europe will you hear a guy say "cheers" after giving him a bj because they celebrate women more.
That's fine tho
Article in latest Peer Review links Equity Scorecard work w/ LEAP framework for inclusive excellence bit.ly/1zqeZq
...miss it on purpose tho. I thought yesterday was Wednesday and by the time I realized I didn't have a phone and...
Today has made a drastic turn for the better :)
Find someone who says "I Love You" .....and proves it. Reciprocate.
Hope your weekend is wonderful. Do you celebrate Mother's Day? If so, hope it's great. My daughter is coming here.
in the garage in it's own custom made shelf system and racks. Otherwise I would prob sleep with it
I think last night was the best episode of the season! I would totally watch BLACKASS.
Got a man cuffin’, nigga think he popo She tryna go below the belt, thinkin’ low blow I’m thinking oh yeah, he thinkin oh no
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Johnson & Johnson Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products.
DO IT BIG TONIGHT!
My moms talking about how people never want to come over but i always want to go over their house. Wtf?! Are you stupid?! They always ask!!!
That is like saying all the operations a surgeon has done has no impact on his current ability.
Shocker RT A Senate committee has pulled pilot program to tie welfare benefits 2 clean drug tests from Ohio budget bill
Lovin all my followers as big as twitter characters will allow me :P
Thanks for the RT!
Hard work and talent...
I wish I had guy friends like my uncles friends lol
Do you have a secret want that you don't think you deserve? Dare yourself to have it. Text You today "I want ____ and it's OK."
RT : We must pass on #highered to the next generation in better shape than we found it -
you were to stiff you move like a dead person my dear
Run time. It's a hot one today!
Followed the wrong person smh..
LOL, yeah those wonderful curbs! That sucks, poor Athena
You are so...deep.
please hurry
Hi : ) *Welcome to Twitter*
We love our fans! Keepin it real RT“: You guys are the chillest upcoming clothing company I swear haha love y'all!”
You're welcome, Fresh! Love the tanks too, nice new Summer line.
Today was the longest day ever...
Usher definitely had a wardrobe malfunction. Janet Jackson's was more amusing.
Thanks for RT
Mitchie, you need to be hired as HWE's merch girl. You know you want to hire her
Is Playstation Network back up yet? I'm starting to have withdrawals. *Smh*
Haha be like I changed my mind at the last minute!
text me your numba!!
terracota warriors in times square til at least January. I'll review it in a few hours, in 140 characters or less!
Watched After the Wedding on Amazon Prime (free) and found it very watchable. Worth staying up too late.
Buying old, broken things at Goodwill just because they look cool...
Still haven't decided about
celbrating my birthday today. Grilling at a friends house. Then game time. will go beast mode 2nite!
Team Jesus,,,Keep faith,keep going,,Stay focus,keep praying,,,TEAM JESUS LETS GO
oh well thanks pal. But Im not gonna do all that now.. I'll just bring it on monday. I want it to be neat and such :)
she was replying with that tumblr link...
nice to hear from you, I love the #futbol card today as we are moving lines across the world, it's a fact not #rhetoric I can
Carry yourself like a queen and you'll attract a king. Carry yourself like a hoe and we'll see how far you go.
When Nathanael imitates my accent in the morning you know he's had enough sleep.
jimmy fallon is awesome right now.
idk what that just said
My bf met you I'm looking at your website, and I have to say - what you do/are is what I aspire to do/be. :-)
Not everything that is faced can be changed
Be too busy
That is one smart cookie! RT Bad customer service, supersedes all advertising and marketing. #NCMPR3 (via )
Those people that you could retweet over and over again, but you don't because you don't wanna seem like a stalker..
Some guy called into Wheelin' & Dealin' selling a VHS player for $2 (remote included!!!!). What is the point, even?
2012 Resolution #7: Learn a new language, whether it's of a spoken or programming variety.
It's official, headed back to Colombia, this time as a staff doctor for a #SVOSH trip from May 6-13. Should be a great experience!
Enjoyed "Have You Ever Loved a Woman" by Freddie King on Slacker
I. Hate. Boys.
i could totally be a philosopher. i already answer everything with "why".
To my very punny friend... you must follow It's corny and awful and just wonderful.
The video is so cute! Rack up those miles so you can come out here! :)
Rico Muerte live at the conservatory tonight! If you're not there you're missing history in the making!!!
blasting MEST on my way to work! Awesome way to start the day!
when's move out day?
wtf wells fargo is no longer going to waive the monthly fee for my account.
My GF is cooler than yours, why? SHE GOT ME A #RJA SETLIST!!!!
Enjoying a great company outing w/ and Brew Crew
come home and lets stay up and watch movies!!
is vext the proper past part. of "to vex"? Sources is Using English.com wtf?
Haha, when we said our stuff is a "total steal", we didn't mean literally!!!
Anthro Professor: "I used to argue that Anthropology was an art, then I realized I could get a bigger office if I said it was a science."
Hi Duane, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you understand how much people LOVE your brand. Follow me 2 DM?
Yesterday, colleague and I got called girls. I'm 40. She's in her late 20s. My 8 yr old is a girl. We are not.
aw have fun everyone! miss y'all!
You lost the best thing thàts ever walked into your life.
Corporate Run connects job with jogging
sorry I have been doing plays for the show
Check that - Grouplove's 2nd to last song, then moved into a brief Whitney Houston cover. #continuedappreciation They put on a good show
Geraldo Rivera blames hoodie and parents for letting him wear one. WHAT???
Awww. Love it!
My co-worker just told me subway chocolate chip cookies are 290 cal. each. No way. It's too late anyway, I just ate three.
"Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade." Leo Buscaglia
Ha, I'm a fan of He challenges assumptions, and not everyone's cool with that. But I've learned a lot from him.
No idea if there is a market for that. I just was sharing it on Twitter. You could prob teach me a thing or 2 about Branding.
“: "THIS IS A HANDS IN YOUR POCKETS CONVERSATION." ( understands.) Oh, I do. I really do.
Revolutionary Cleaning, we pride ourselves on using only the newest tools and techniques to ensure our customers` complete satisfaction.
Hey my name is Rocko and im an addict # Too live
ok there was an error if you are interested in promoting us contact or email
i just wanted to let you know i reached a milestone in tweets<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Thanks, things are real good, hope everything is good with you!
Hello sir, thanks for the follow! I've been a fan since I heard "Testifyin'" on back in the 90's!
the lake of fire is HOT!! #slander (via )
Creativity can solve almost any problem. The creative act, the defeat of habit by originality, overcomes everything. -George Lois
Kobe has lutz tonight. For all you non-Armenian Tweetrs, that's a stomach virus. It'll be interesting to see how Kobe performs with Lutz.
Diablo's boring as hell thus far. How do you have an exact presale count and lack servers? Save your money and get Torchlight.
WE R GOING TO KARMA
doesnt look like imma #getDGAFtoNY so i gotta take a trip to PA...
Everyone should follow , he lost his 10,000 followers. =[
thanks for the retweet!!
Fan on popularized vampires?
lmao! that's cute
Why do other artist think I gotta do what they doin to be doin something im in my own lane got my own path #mind yours
In The Shoe - let's go Bucks!!!!
I could get this project done a lot faster if I didn't keep taking breaks.
Definition of a Statistician: Someone who feels figures do not lie, yet admits than under analysis a few of them won't stand up either.
I'm walking in the strip club next time and asking them bitches can I get a tip for watching they wack ass dance instead ...
I need to go to Toronto.I wana go out there and do music and really get into the vibes off Canada
Hey stranger! What have you been up to these days?!
#RejectedPickupLines can i eat you sideways?
Looking forward to it Fred...
now you have two people who call you that Bucky
RIP Junior Seau. Sad day. If the suicide report is true, another reason why I can't stand people joking about killing themselves.Its no joke
FWD: : Watch Nightline TV3 - segment on Dave Stroud is on tonight and they 'might' show a snip of my lesson !
Amazing article! The characters tug on your heart strings but evidently are great teachers as well
Are you back home safe and sound?
This album will swim like fish! Soar like flying fish! Pee in the water like fish! Er, wait, scratch that last.
Amare is only one I can think of.
-- I'll be home sometime around July 7 ... any chance we can do an Applebee's lunch around that date?
My brother Jim & his wife just had a baby boy, so I'm now a new & proud uncle. May God bless little Jack Ruefle.
I forgot to ask you where you get all you ink done!?! It was good seeing you. Too bad you snuck in & out so quickly!
Recruiters: Which of your daily tasks takes most of your time?
TBCC and by these BETCHES i mean dudes to! Cuz a real man can cook a meal plus youll get more booty too!
wow...u look like shit....
just sent you an email via your website. let us know if you don't get it, or if there is a better way to reach you! <3
Everybody else is just full of sh*t!
I am already.
I still think jermaine's was the best, he killed it!
As a response to the Lucroy HBP, with low OBP Gomez? You bet. RT All of the "buntaholics" out there gotta love Ron Roenicke.
What goes around comes around.
I hope or #OWS fucks your shit up hard core you lying sacks of shit. Thanks for screwing me out of a LOT of money.
And after 4 hours we are home. X
We share a birthday! November 28, 1987. I think that is enough to garner a follow if you ask me! (You didn't.)
Awesome answer Mandy!
thanks for the RTs!
Feline heartworm disease develops when your cat is bitten by a mosquito carrying microscopic heartworm larvae.
...in all things give thanks
please follow me i follow back!!!!
Whats the point of lying. It gets you no where!
This show friend zone on mtv makes me want to cry.
great fight tonight my man. Just gained a new fan.
Congrats to for being Pregnant
Jesus..I'm so tired of so-called musicians like ! That ain't music in the slightest..go hang with shitty
I love the three pricing options, are you going to have them for all future EVOLVE/DGUSA PPVs?
Avengers Academy 28: writes perhaps the best Team Meets Team book ever - thoughtful and reasoned and insightful - DvL
my dad bought 6 tickets to see you guys! We only needed 2. Lol. MAY 24th WILL BE AMAZING!!!!! <3
smile, you're on camera :-)
niall please follow me!!!
I'd rather miss out on that :)
Suppose I should work on something real quick before class.
look into some stuff for the fall semester. but my focus is summer since i have more time. also trying to get some stuff started
"enforced cosmopolitans" vs. "kinetic elite" -
Goodnight loves <3
You can get my CD "Heaven" on itunes and CD Baby!
On to Afghanistan. It's about time this debate gets back to topics GOP voters care about.
We agree. Glad you enjoyed :)
way to go!
Whew, it got warm in the hotel room & no thermostat to be found. The duvet weighs about 50 lbs too.
How was your lunch?
you guys need to have the Regular Show countdown ticker on everyday!
When situation gets you down, remember there's Someone in Heaven who loves you and watches over you and there's someone on Earth who cares.
Liking that after 3 yrs of staring at Word Docs, I am spending my last grad school final project playing on Pinterest!
Slick Music Studio Paramount Open Jam on Fri. Aug. 12, 7-11pm All performers all styles welcome. Free event! Sign in starts at 6:30pm
I'm at the Jesmyn Ward reading at Stanford. Not held at a large venue, I'm surprised. Should I be surprised?
09 Duckhorn Migration #Chardonnay. Vanilla cream nose. Melon, good acid, very (too) buttery. Neither complex nor subtle. 87 pts
had a fun day at hadoop summit, met a lot of interesting folks
Going to docutweet all my drinks today. Drink 1 - Guinness
Thank you God for waking me up this morning to see another day!
great we have to put up with them for BILLIONS of years now. thanks a lot archaeologists!
Ok - I'm giving up. Hopefully my parents can cancel their plane tickets out here. Shitty start to the day. Thanks for nothing,
I am cheering for #VCURams over #Hoosiers on
I wasn't tweeting about my emotions. Lol. Those were song lyrics
MY NECK STILL HURTS...
Hey justin
Just got back from dress rehearsal. Can't believe the show opens this Thursday!
“: When you can't get around it, can't get over it, can't get under it, you just gotta go thru it!”
RT : Help find more followers. The rd ahead will b long&hard. More support = easier to help
Don't forget to vote for "The Best of the Best". Entry form was in Sunday's Caller-Times paper. I'm putting ICHIBAN in for Best Buffet.
By the way, #SawItOnFSOhio is the worst hashtag ever.
Please help us and honor our military by donating your used cell phones at shuttle-stop barrels during
Just ripping up a dive bar in San Diego w the old man
anyone in #Boston in need of an extra / ticket for tonight?
thats my favorite show
it's fun! Just figuring it out a little at a time...
Yay! First of many, I hope.
Oh god guy on my flight keeps hacking up a lung I can already feel the germs surrounding me
IM SO HIGH MY EYES VIEWIN DOUBLE BRO WTF U GOT ME SMOKE?
Every master has one quality in common. They’ve learned to love the process. Loving the process is what sets you free.
never too old for hot pink!
not a bad guest.
Another tough one for Blazers...pretty impressed by JJ Hickson and Nolan Smith tonight...More playing time maybe?
this show is making me depressed about not having my liscense :(
Everyone Goes Atop The Empire State Building....But How Many People FLY OVER It!!!
Wishes it was Friday already.
Am good how r you :)
Congratulations!!!! As a fellow cat owner... I commend you! Cats are fantastic companions!
It's becoming more of just a reason to be away from a asshole.
#Dodgers move to 16-6 after sweeping Washington, one of the hottest teams in baseball and throwing their top 3 starters.
Oh man flash back! Did those exercise tapes with my mom. LMAO!
Good, but I don't think they compare to Fantasia, Ruben, JHud, Kelly, Carrie, Chris
So. Tired.
Most beautiful day ever for a February. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
No opposition to SB 1291 (Evans); There was support expressed from the California Labor Federation and SSPI Tom Torlakson. No qourum yet.
You have to sit down when you eat otherwise you'd dance...
In the mood to watch an epic movie. Not Epic Movie, but an epic movie. Any ideas?
Will someone PLEASE give me some information on www.Xyngular.com/SamC I know that there has to be someone out there that reads my posts .
“ follow for good tweets and I'll get u 2 followers just RT 1 of his tweets”
he finally followed me #TYBG Lol
what your HEART says is what is right:) follow your heart
Pickwick Hotel on 5th is good if they have openings
awww thanks for following!!! Hope your birthday was a blast
Ikr ; u cnt speak talking bout eating soup special soup
#3WordsForYou i hate you.
I need some candy.
got the new job, and new place is in the works, but i lost some1 i love. The good is not as sweet when u have no1 2 share it with :-(
M&M BITCHES ARE INSANE. THEY MIGHT LOOK DIFFERENT BUT THEY TASTE THE SAME
ugh I know!!! I don't know what happened!
Spruce Street Closed on Wed. April 11 & possibly Thurs. April 12 due to construction.
Is it too early to call the Bobby Valentine hiring in Boston a complete failure?
I'm gonna Marry the Night, I won't give up on my life, I'm a warrior queen, Live passionately, Tonight <U+266A>
Amen from us as well. Perhaps you'd like to check out our prayer-app, please see: www.birdofprayer.org
Look from SEGA Citroen renamed game | WOW Gold,Instant Gold
Melt your faces time
Yes! Pumpkin! She is so much fun!
a bullet
Yes. Because they have a sizable audience that they influence.
lmfao!!! Omg . I would of died
Right. even if I did swing that way I could do way better. Lololol kidding, Selma's hawt.
4yo nephew upon seeing Santa decoration: Where's Santa? Wait, I know, he's at the North Pole.
Fried Oreos<3
Here's to the good times & drinking down the bad..
Glad you got my present i sent you !!!
That awkward moment when even you teacher is shocked that your reading...
Green and Gold pancakes for breakfast.....Gee who are we rooting for today??????
We hope to see you tonight at The Basement! We've missed you! :)
I'm looking forward to seeing what people do with the data!
Workout kicked my butt keeps me motivated too!! Now to get ready for the week..
I've been thinking about my posse all day. Definitely Marty Crane, Dan from Roseanne, Donatello, and Oprah...
Call me nephew
This sure is a weak ass monday
The time of miracles has not passed.
Our drummer has joined twitter follow his baby ass!
Geaux Saints!! come on pick that game up! got matt and taylor over were doing it big even know there colts fans!!
FINE I'M GOING BY MYSELF.
So far the season has been fantastic. Every year #MLS gets stronger, the crowds get bigger and the games more intense.
Men often hate each other because they fear each other; they fear each other because they don't know each other;
woo.....****** i am trying to finish my CINEMATOGRAPHY book.. from Jan 25th..Still two more segments to go.:-((
Booked a voice over gig for the Oprah network
i was thinking to same thing. That weird.
“: I feel like bugs talk about my blood to each other, and recommend me to all the other bugs... #itchy #bit #fml” I feel ya.
I miss watching perform on #idol, and almost fainting whenever he looked into the camera like he was looking into my soul...
motherfucker I do not wanna do laundry whine.
I so got a cold coming this field life is not 4 me
Damn I'm bored!!!
Good Morning. -_- Today you should have a Cherimoya.
...Allow Jesus to move you out of your comfort zone and be a part of Him making the impossible possible.
I love doing the results analysis! Especially when we get a $9 return on every $1 spent!!
Wanna go to the doubleheader tomorrow but also want to go to the show at
Google "Jiffy Pop dangerous". I dare you.
Enjoyed "Al Cortar Una Gardenia" by Little Joe on Pandora
That was awkward
hey lady! When do you graduate? And was is your degree in?
chillin' at the mal.
What is your New Year's resolution?
Hunger Games vs. Twilight---Which story wins in all out fistfight?
Bored as hell
Well that proved that... There is only one Revive!!!
this summer
I'm running the office for I'm doing grassroots organizing for the #wisen recall elections.
Columbia Parkway is a cluster cuss this morning.
What makes democracy work? Persistence - John Sutter, who has been working for decades to preserve east bay parklands.
I do love an audience
wat do u think....
Absolutely!! IF I win!! LOL I not gonna hold my breath! I never win anything! LOL
I'm watching you live now and you look amazing. I loved dancing for you! (:
RT : Congress should pass the #BuffettRule next week so middle-class families don't pay a higher tax rate than millionaires.
I am anxious to learn abt the market I love to be crafty and take photos.
Rant: In my limited experience administering sweepstakes, most people don't plan on winning.
Thanks for the follow! WE followed back.
Just heard that the teams for game 6 tried the newest brand of #somethingaboutmary glove conditioner.
hey I have to take up for my buddy most of it was glass water bottles :)
A guy named Thomas Crapper actually manufactured toilets, the root of the phrase "using the crapper"
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt smoke only if your species produces bodily smoke for environment living conditions.
I'm jealous I need a vacation lol.
I need to lose 1.01 lbs a week until my birthday to reach my end goal of 135. Totally doable!
Get the hell out. A detected churro place!? I must go.
Morning edit part 2. Four hours in and still going strong.
RT : If the 2010s continue as they have, we'll remember the decade only as 50`yr anniversaries of stuff that happened in the 1960s
“Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn't have the power to say yes.” Eleanor Roosevelt
Mentorship matters. Challenge yourself to start mentoring today!
I'm glad to here the poon squad put in on poo county
Stay tuned.... New R5 website coming soon
Cleaning house for inspection. I'm so happy!
Haven't seen or talked to in way too long! Crew game soon? :)
thanks for the follow :)
Today I typed until my fingers hurt. Just took two Advil.
Talk about rebound hahaha that shit is just hilarious.
Participating in Yom Hazikaron Ceremony in Yerushalayem - very solemn, very meaningful
Everything is funnier if you are not allowed to laugh.
#immature is a word boring people use to describe fun people
I really hope this is not God's answer to my prayer....
I think the crime rate would go up for ass whoopings
Why does having a case of "The Mondays" suddenly mean that the Philadelphia Eagles have lost again?
We want in for the next volunteer night at
Who is ready for Leap Day?
Sure! Come by any time tomorrow before 5.
thanks for the retweet!
my wife has managed to hoard 108 eggs.
pussy alert did la rough you up :-p
all good choices, and all would be cool, but it gotta be K-Doe.
When Harry Met Sally
I think I get it: Twitter is for smart people, especially the ones who hate the cash bars at the annual conference.
she doesn't do any treatment. Said she's tried medicine b4 that didn't work. There's days she's just done. Can't get out of bed.
Can't wait for glee to start @ 8:00pm it is a 2 hour and it is going to have Lindsay lohan in it can't wait peace out
I SWEAR IF PHILLIP GOES HOME IM DONE WITH AMERICAN IDOL. CLEARLY PHILLIP HAS WAY MORE TALENT THAN HOLLY. OMFGG
...Albany? No but seriously, I dunno why you expected not-Bond-villains
Fell asleep sitting up wt cell in hand. The devil told me to throw it. I woke up~cell's too important.
why does Butler schedule none Exibition games vs against schools who are not Division 1 schools?
We did like over a yr ago with at that ranch out of town. This is the first time in forever.
If Monday was a girl, i'd hit a bitch.
There was a 5k run in Steger, IL (about 45 min. south from Chicago) today and it reminded me of you
bad timing
it's ugly down here as well my friend.
looking forward to lakewood historical society event celebrating Henry Hilow's home.more info
i want to meet new people.
Congratulations to the 10 talented new members of YG now joining us for our spring 2012 season. Welcome aboard!
I bought tickets for that game
foe sho, don't mention it!
Wednesday needs to hurry the hell up.
<3 it gorgeous!
duhh same num as lou ones in the league. loser
Yup yup you right.
glad to know you'll enjoy seeing your team take an L mam :)
You rock, thanks for the shout out!
can't wait to see you girls Thurs!
I'm on a mission: to lose some weight! I'm not overweight or anything, but I could be more tone.
Everyone RUN to the grand opening of on 45th & 9th. We love so much!!
The Gymanimals saves the lives of children. Nothing more, nothing less :D
#fatindiebands Animal Cracker Collective
:-) ... We should probably make shirts too.
One Channel Star Wars Another Lord Of The Rings
last one out...please turn off the lights.
I completely agree. I was inspired by him! Are you around?
Getting a Mani & a Pedi, AT THE SAME DAMN TIME!
you were a few episodes too late my friend, missed my FVJ rant and about 5 weeks worth of Hatchet tangents haha!
LET THE COUNTDOWN BEGIN!!!! NFL pre-season starts in just 17 days!!
“: Is this real?!?!?” WTH is going on right now. This is ruining the Grammys right now.
Ima bitch wid some money n yea I love dat bitch LOL
#QuoteQuiz : Which famous former US General once said this: “Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul.”
“: Much love to as he evolves from a Badger into a Bengal! #OnWisconsin” Go Bucky!
My pleasure. I look forward to it every year!
I sure hope the +1 with at his movie theater juice confrontation wasn't a date.
Thanks for your support! We had an amazing event yesterday with nearly 200 students/entrepreneurs. Appreciate it!
Funny--w/the child diabetes upswing, the same characters aren't saying: "is it really an epidemic, or are more kids just being tested?"
How the hell did we crunch 6 new sick ass songs into a week of studio time we r doin it bro. Set this world on fire
Thoughts and prayers to the families and friends of the runners who lost their lives yesterday
Duly noted. I forget who told me this, but apparently there's a great Mexican place in Copenhagen, of all places.
Seriously. No matter what u do. Strive to be the best you can be. stay away from drugs and alchohol that destroy ur brain and body
Just finished reading Black Swan Green by #DavidMitchell . Almost as good as Cloud Atlas. Two incredible books. One of my favorite authors.
relationship issues with adult children
You are MOST welcome!! Glad to have you "aboard"! :)
Speaker asks Council to also protect "ex-gays" from discrimination
RT : John McCain on what Dick Lugar's predicament says: It says you had better play offense and not defense. That's what it says.
What?? You don't want to write your own tweets Mr. Deasy? Firing teachers and hiring "Social Media Director"? Hire Cartmenez!
people should learn the word "RESPECT" that's how u should ur life with
“: To quote the great Bob and Tom: Norfolk 'N Way!”
Goodnight Twitterverse...big things this week! Will keep you posted :)
Who lives near #Buffalo ?
life is happening.. right now.. life.... google no1kares...
I hope my models want to go over-seas, because that is all I have been working on!
yes I would agree! “: A really amazing performance by the cast of tonight. Well done!”
White House budget proposal for #NSTIC in 2012 is 24.5 million - 7 m for Nat'l program office and 17.5 m for pilot projects
Man when did high school girls get so hoeish, I only been out for 2 years damn
I never can understand how grown individuals can b so childish and selfish! Grow up! The world doesn't revolve around u!
Ah! No way! I must try to convince the parents and get tickets!!! hahaha.
Just added a last minute show this sunday at the blind tiger is greensboro nc
I know that the vanilla chai powder they have at some spots isn't "real" chai. I don't think I like "real" chai, I've decided.
#10BasicFactsAboutMe 2. I hate velvet, if I touch it I get goose bumps and I spaz out, then I taste blood in my mouth.
really looking forward to our upcoming interviews! tomorrow is with New Media Weekly and next Saturday is with Lesbian Love talk!
I can't wonder how many times too!
Yes. Indeed!
us single ladies like knowing it's still possible! Tee hee :-)
nvm that's who I would take ha
I know you want it, so come and get it..
love is in the air....
Taking a break from the world for a while. I need to get my head on straight.
Where can I find music?
Thanks Lisa for promoting Deterrence Theory. Follow my BFF to keep up on all his projects! :)
Can you imagine working any of the shifts at a 24hr museum?
word. Thats what's up sir.
about the only thing that is the same as both were red. It's amazing how much technology has been adds in 13 years.
or weed right b? hahahahahaha
Presenting 21st Century Learning and Skills to the Joplin
Today's featured glee club is from Minadeo Elementary School. What a great way to finish out our #GLEEfulweek in May!
im gonna burn my school and i will love it
And made $9B!! RT : Social Commerce Nirvana = FarmVille #socialfresh Zynga sells imaginary animals & farm equipment
I hope to--but it depends on how crazy the rest of my day is :)
RT Honda sued by irate driver over Civic Hybrid's failure to deliver 50mpg < - - 50MPG?? Well, it was in print; must be true...
RT oh lol thank you ./You're welcome. Lol! I know we can be sensitive about hair/I have a TWA so just imagine
Sleep timer set for 15 min - tv off at 1am winner or no winner!
hahahaha, I was literally crying after reading that
it is an investment in yourself that will pay lifetime dividends for you and your loved ones. FAFSA!
Having a best friend night. Watching scary movies.
Up now: Matt Gertken on Swift's Drapier Letters
I'll have to check it out. Thanks.
i need to write more.
Find exercise that you love. If you figure out how to have fun, you'll do more of it!
I would be excited about this, except that I know there won't be any left by the time I get home.
are you coming? We have on-site registration!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> thank u lord
good luck tonight!
A good conscience is a continual Christmas. --Benjamin Franklin
lol. Well, hopefully the girls enjoy them.
Dekalb county court system is a mug!!!!
...and the Bud Light #superbowl ad advocates animal cruelty. Go figure.
Happy #ff Top Tier Tweeters!
no being bored. Head over east and take a night on the town!
Fred Eaglesmith has a new album!? WOO
Although its cool to say that my viola has a wolf tone, it actually sounds really bad when played. Need to get this shit fixed.
Thank God for a new day to be alive
Cleaning my room and realizing how many good memories I've had..
Wish I could be back at listening to spin! Great set last weekend!
I really really really hope that happened.
If you like Ke$ha's music, you should check out Breathe Carolina's new album, Hell Is What You Make It! :)
We r open and we will be featured on channel 10 news tonight as the Best Place to watch the HEAT!
Ultimately, tho, to boil down #wirecall primary results to union overstepping or old grudges alone misses bigger, messier facts of race.
"Mr. Greening, what's your blood type?"
Im in school. Of course Im extremely bored. Consider the link clicked
There's still something so cute about you lol
god, that must be emotionally draining!
Sometimes the mightiest struggles take place where no one can see them.
SOB at my is in MY freakin Spot!!! Yes MINE It's about to go down!!!
And One Russ!!!!
i think im having a relapse...i overworked myself, even though i felt a lot better, and now im felling sick all over again. time 2 lay down
Hotel room has 2 queen beds...which one do I pick?!
Oh boy!
*Thinking in my head*I need a freaky or twerk buddy!!!..
Hey guys! How are you today? what's going on this week/weekend? I'm curious what your plans are. :)
Happy New Years Trendy People!! What's YOUR new year's resolution???
It's just the fact of the matter
Just watched the pilot of 21 Jump Street.
Why can't a 20-page literature paper just write itself?
Grand jury cancellation leaves Trayvon Martin case in limbo - CNN International
Wishing you a romantic, passionate, fun, wild, crazy & perfect Valentine's Day!
"Advocacy is a marathon not a sprint." -L Bradley
Why am I up so early on a Sunday ? SMH
you can get room temperature or "frozen" which is more slushie.
I'm working on some background textures. I'll put up a link soon, so you can take, share and do as you please with them! :-)
Long day and still need to go shopping for misc things... Walmart here we come... www.youthcanlead.com
I just saw a flyer for that at Four Seasons on Saturday! Too bad I'm out of town that day, I'd love to spectate.
Folks tomorrow Heineken Rugby tournament at 11am watch it here at The Irish Pub. Cheers
Adam Schefter just did.
Need Beats?Contact us at: $30 For Regular Lease $40 For Premium Lease $100 For Exclusive Rights
What you need?
First you don't start handing out corporate tax cuts if you want to balance the budget.
where dru! where!
Sounds like I missed a heck of a game! So happy LA is moving on. Playoffs are just better with The Show.
crushin on you but i dont what 2 say.
Being someone's first love may be great, but to be someone's last is beyond perfect
I'm doing a neighborhood lotto pool! Had no idea it would be this much fun to win HALF A BILLION!!!
How do u do this?
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYALFREDO sucks that has more #swag than yu (; 5
Love Actually for the billionth time w/ &
I like because the logo looks like a superhero insignia.
I'm like a little tea pot, just tip me over and pour me out!
Everything in moderation ...including moderation. (Xach Taylor, Freemason)
Morning everyone.
It would be cool if u can explain 2 me wht I know & wht I need to know to get whr I want to go :) perhaps ovr a pint or coffee
I swear I'll have Middlemarch finished by the next
Joseph Addai signing with the Patriots could be the death knell to Kevin Faulk's hopes of staying with New England.
People see themselves as the center of the universe and judge everything as it relates to them. -Pilgrims
bummed i guess i didn't get enough votes to open for nevershoutnever in may!
"A person who is truly curious is unlikely to be deeply angry, unhappy, or afraid." By the delightful Sarah Taub.
wait huh?
I still don't have tickets to see the Motley Crüe and Poison show tomorrow night.... :(
My dog must be out in his sleep. Wonder what he dreaming about. His lil legs just a twitching like crazy col
omg n it's cold to go outside lol so after Toyota where u guys going
I love that... "Girl Who Widower" :-)
thanks for the recommendation. Have never been into the comic heroes, but have been hearing such great things about movies
There's talking about it, and then there's doing something. Isn't it time?
We are getting close to finishing The River by Gary Paulsen in reading class.
helping revamp his executive summary at the
Just got to see my first #navy ship returning to Coronado from deployment. Welcome home!
Surprised at how much I am enjoying watching the NBA today.
Next person i encounter walking their dog at a snail's pace will have a bag of fecal matter thrown at them. End of story.
i watched it and its awesome!!!! :)
forgot to ask/did not read evidence: where you guys at the Etihad y'day? More like a gig mosh at the end. Ecstatic.
Have I mentioned how much I enjoy walking a #puppy around a dew soaked, nearly freezing back yard?
psh, ill leave the door unlocked! Haha but it was mind boggeling you tweeted me that cause I literally sat up thinking that.
#news Artist Leo Fitzmaurice, who creates new art out of old objects, from cigarette packets to 19th Century landscape paintings, wins the
I am now following who is cordially invited to meet w/ all in Beirut/Malta next July
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't work? A stick.
Thank for the RT!
where do you see Marquette in the Big East this year? Top 7?
Thanks for helping to spread the word!
May your dreams defy the laws of gravity. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr
Free Free Free Free
Why do some of the prettiest people have the most ugliest attitudes?
over 12 percent of his life he his a serial child rapist so he could abuse more and more
Thanks! Hope you get to come back soon. Maybe for a little 'staycation.'
My dogs have been so patient with me all week. How to reward them - a walk and some catch - but alas a bit later.
do you know Matt Greaney?
My #Klouchebag score is 6. I won't brag because I'm a "nice person."
“: Flied out to center and UW wins 3-2.” :( <-- that's all I have
Suggestion: Don't listen to The Scientist while upset about Supernatural
AND ITS A SCARY ONE FOR ME. WHERE I FROM, I NEVER SAW IT WENT BELOW 76 DEGREES. IMAGINE DAT.LOL
You should be ashamed of yourself Either definition is still too good for that trash.
Kyle Orton is on the trading block.
your not letting anyone down! As a matter of fact your doing the opposite! I mean, look at all the fans u already have!
I'll see ya when I see ya
That's a bad half of basketball.
I can't wait until the #MarylandLiveCasino opens at
Looking for a personalized holiday workout? E-mail us at to receive your workout!
Go Look at it.
Drag Barry off the pitch.
u evil smh thats means i got wear my thick ass glasses smh
Creative rehydration time. Not entirely sure what that means, but it's definitely happening.
What is Ripped Radio?
ohh you did not! What? Not fair.
Who want a innerstate Ike verse? I got u for the LOW Wats Hatnin?
You taste like Grape Kool Aid
I graduated early girl! But school was great when I was there :) I'm taking the semester off! wby? did you start college ?
i don't think it is dying but becoming more popular
there comes a point where u have to unwillingly blame yourself..the other person is not always the problem
about to start talk "Taking Modeling Seriously"
that's why I only sex w/ midgets. My junk looks like a sewer pipe in their hands
Being friends with << Bet she doesn't know if that's good or bad hahahaha ;)
We might need to do a 60 day no porn challenge here in DC! What do you think?
great having you today in studio! #TeenagePaparazzo is fantastic :)
*tells Birdman lemme get the keys to the Rover truck*
I'm SO PROUD OF U SIS OMG...NA YO FUTURE CAN START
Down to the wire #volunteers up 60-59. 46.1 sec left.
is exploring real estate opportunities with the City University of New York...
Thank you Brad Segall, Autumn Marisa, and for joining #NAWBO this morning! We appreciate your time and expertise!
Heading all around the greater LA area with appointments! Cant help but love this weather
Include #comeonkatherine for a free shout out! :-)
I love Nicki Minaj with blonde hair
Crazy how I just beat san andreas a couple weeks ago. I could never get past them airplane missions when i was a kid smh...2nd2none
So glad I asked questions, I would've been pissed if he left & then I realized that its not whole home DVR. His mistake not mine.
Perfecting that walk like a boss!
To all of my fellow writers who tweet something other than "buy, buy, buy" and "me, me, me" I want to say thank you.
Deontology is the discipline that studies duty.~D
Whatever your plans, stop any say hello on Brady Street!
Hey Dave thanks for the question, I’m currently working with bars and restaurant in downtown Cleveland & West park station.
Josh might be the unreal juicer!
oh yaknoww ;) haha i miss you
worst final five secs in final four history?
also confirmed: our spending cash is pooled together and doled out to daily winners of mini-omegathon events
We have this & for and. What about but? I want an easy symbol. Can I use this / ?
feel free to add us to your restaurant listing. thanks!
Its official spring game postponed - no make up date set yet
RT "If you can't convince them, confuse them."
is on board with Thai Chichen Salad cups, BBQ Pork sliders w/horseradish slaw AND... mini funnel cakes w/powdered sugar.
oh! I think I might make something!
Eggs in every form hold a godlike poetic authority
UCLA is getting a special player in Kyle Anderson. Love watching that young man play!
Great to meet you! RT On to Cali!!!!
Puttin some chicken steak tip ribs burgers & hot dogs on the grill macaroni salad & potato salad on the side!
columbia heights. and while i'm at it, let me commend you for your pumpkin chai latte-- AMAZING
May 1st.time flies so fast.
Good luck! RT : You could say I am nervous about speaking in front of 2400 people tonight. But excited too.
oops! Just saw this... Skype tomorrow? Or maybe just listen to my voicemail and call me back :)
Still can't believe he's gone. RT All of San Diego invited to celebrate the life of Junior Seau on May 11 at 6:30pm at Qualcomm.
Much respect for the people thinking green. not just the color but the message inbetween.
What an eventful bottom o the 9th ahah
Gearing up for #FUSION. Last year was a whirlwind. Looking forward to gaining a deeper knowledge of #Desire2Learn this time. Also: Denver!
Happy birthday to the beautiful , hope it was a great day!
Some of my favorite music is non-Jazz, too. Heads-up MN people, good show approaching. RT: Heading to Minneapolis.
Driving by ginormous store on way to water park yesterday is closest I've been to yet. I could almost smell the meatballs.
now offering beat financing
since it was visitors sharing what they were doing at the moment, that worked. It was opt in, less formal.
Y dese hoes be purpin so fuckin much bitches be lying worse den niggas DAMN!!!
bold strategy
we're ok---this dude was saying he was going to round up more protesters and physically force us to leave. CRAZY.
if it's really all "random" then there is no solution... if you really believe that, what's the point in fighting it?
It never gets easier. You just get better.
Colton Dixon Started the show with his belief and I loved it.. #idol i believe he wants to win to randy Jackson. Worship is where it is
Won the water fight against Yessssir! :D
#nwill2011 - a video of usability test findings will have more impact than a text summary
I like running away from my job, feels like back in highschool ditching a class
Why, yes... it is my job to ask "Why?"
YES! focus first on strategy for IT, Marketing, Soc Med, & Museum! :
Wow, April is turning out to be a slow month for dating.
and I thought we found awesome oversized pillows at the store. Until we realized they were beds for dogs.
Oh, new photo. Very continental.
Got a coffee, mocha actually. All pumped up for a bonus story on Live at 7, KGW. Ready for some snow?
Done.. Congrats on being runner up with such a quick answer and the added bonus of having the model of gun.
I love Damien and vocal rehearsals. #Joseph I get to hear my part correct :)
Im ok. glad it finally stopped raining.
and the White House only opposes CISPA b/c it favors the Senate equivalent.
why do i go to bed so late evry night when im shot as fuck every morning
Hitting home runs: that's what wins ballgames. Defense is overrated.
have a ONEderful time today! hugs & kisses to kinsley, the bday girl! xxoo<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
I can help you manage your cash flow. But read this to find out why it is important you understand cash flow for your
If I'm George Zimmerman, the last person I go to for legal advice is Sean Hannity.
only if i can tie my boogie board to the back of the raft---! clack-Belay!
live life to the fullest.
just bought the O'Reilly book on PHP/MYSQL.
Can Laurinaitis Call it Down the Middle?
Long live Gorilla, Lord of the Jungle.
YOU'RE HOME YOU'RE HOME YOU'RE HOME
Twitter is lame
One big room full of broke bitches
I reached 4,000 followers :D
Congrats Nardie! So proud of you.
RT : S/O to & for throwing this coming Sunday 02/12...come out & support your local DJ's
Trying to keep up with Lost before I sink into the new season, almost done with season 4.
Waiting for Chrisette to come out gonna give her a JUICESOULMUSIC CD
why what'd she do to you?
For the next 1 hour swing by Shanahans Steakhouse and get the deal shown here: $45 3 Course Sunday Supper
Joshua Park, 36, has been arrested in Alamogordo for being in a vacant, bank-owned house with a Coke-bottle meth lab. "For personal use."
Cherish and love those who have held you up. Let them know who they are in your life. Thank you for your support and liking this page! xo
ah rachel such a drama queen. How I missed this so!
I can't wait for interview with omfg
that's not a cougar bro.. she's a fucking grandma.
Guys, we're getting there! Prizes & supplies ordered, bags stuffed, reading logs folded... 5 more school visits to go...!
Want to be a part of Nikki Nite's Valentine's Day Cards for Kids? Decorate your favorite valentines and drop it off to us. Deadline is 2/7!
thanks for the follow.
I dont RT I guess I'm the only one on twitter that doesn't watch Mad Men.
So cool!
cool story bro
lol...I told him!!!! Seriously, I'm glad its out! What was it?
Nasty fires still going around central Texas with more expected to start up today. Winds are blowing and everything is dry...
I love it when I'm given a project that makes me bring out all my design skills. Makes college debt a tiny bit less depressing.
yea she is like a big sister and very smart with the YouTube stuff
At a panel called "The Achievement Gap: Is There an App for That?" Assuming it's meant to be ironic but who knows.
tonight! opening reception for "a private glimpse", 6-8pm!
My liver and kidneys hate me :(
finally some snow #holidayvalley with
is training, teaching, and professionalization beyond the dissertation. "Black Women's Authoritative Knowledge on Childbirth" diss DOES [+]
you're really nice to :)
when is the store in Victor NY opening? This blogger needs to know!
Just got off work. 11 hour day. FML
Nice win tonight Sixers.
Go check this out. It's pretty eye-opening.
Thinking about some decisions I've made.
Thanks! It's not until Sunday, but I appreciate it.
one is not simply seen when speaking louder.
The stuff dyrdek does is absolutely outrageous.
Facebook time
i can't believe the snow actually stuck
Anyone else think President Grover Cleveland looks like Ed Rooney in Ferris Bueller's Day Off? At least from his picture as 22nd President.
Orlando has a replica of Hogwarts. Indiana has a replica of District 12. It's called Gary.
will do sir.
Kinda intrigued with the CDGR Index as a tool for lowering Beta & Std Dev. The Fund holds stock during up-swings & Cash during down-swings.
Tanning day with <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
Bruce Springsteen opens the Grammys and he's backed up by an excellent ensemble of strings!
Thank you, Red! <3
Give the gift of clearer vision. Does your honey need new lenses? Great Valentine's Day gift idea hint hint.. ;-)
Watchin ... THIS IS JUSTIN BIEBER on TLC
We're at the Red State screening with Kevin Smith...good stuff
who are your 2 favorites at this point to win the Bachelor Pad?
I may have time in early May, so just shoot me an email when you're ready and we'll set up a time to talk :) Thanks,
Just got an email about a woman running a write-in campaign for Allegheny Co. Exec. Makes compelling arguments compared to the other 2 guys.
#thebelt needs some lunch!
Where you from ?
“: Steve jobs passed away-sad day ”> that really suck!!!
You feel bad? has a lower Klout than me. That's downright criminal.
morning i already liked u on facebook
working only on US products at this time.
hi, do u still teach the CMP bootcamp?
I love Tetris. Did you ever play 3D Tetris? Super intense.
Get off ma line hoe!!!!
I hope this is the real ...... Even if it's not am still following...... Too fckn funny.
follow back?
Arrington leaves AOL. No winners in the guessing game on www.whenwillmichaelquit.com/. Thanks for setting this up, while here.
3 tv's set up. Ready to go!
awesome day at epic! largest sunday yet! Don't miss 'ruin your lunch sunday' next week!
many USA #homeless have to live in libraries, fastfood, parks, woods ,vehicles, coffee shops , benches and sidewalks. there is no HOME!
bwahah that would be the line!
she ended up not having them :/
OM MY LIL SIS JUST PUT FOIL IN THE MICROWAVE I HAD TO RUN AN GET IT OUT LOL SHE TRIN KILL EVERYBODY
Whenever Monday comes you can find me cryin' all the time.
They're just playing around rt : wow I used to listen to the sports guru. Not anymore. So lame boys, super ignorant.
haha yea sorry im studying for finals now!
So why can't he do the same for Tebow? The man gave you a play off birth with a pretty shitty receiving core and half a season left.
Someone tweet me #ThatsTheTruth I'm bored and bored some more
Supermodel Christie Brinkley made her Broadway debut April 8 as merry murderess Roxie Hart in the long-running revival of Chicago
Glad to hear your phone is not lost anymore
Thank you Pittsburgh for continuing to pass.
If it's your job to eat a frog, do it first thing in the morning. If it's your job to eat two frogs, eat the biggest one first. (M. Twain)
Not every single girl is searching, some are actually single and satisfied.
the same convo about risk&change associated with tebow seem similar to your argument about going for 2. Need the right mentality
Missed the Johnny Carson documentary. :( Another PBS thing I'm going to have to buy.
surely appreciate the love
IWe could spend more time during advisory meetings getting students to reflect and clarify and share interests and passions.
So many qr codes in one place
“: S/o to my new follower ” preciate <U+270C>
#COD CALL OF DUTY BLACK OPS
no problem! thanks for checking us out!
what do you mean: "all the press stuff that he wants...."? Who are you referring to with "he"?
sucks about the ankle, was really looking forward to you pitching this year. Get well and take care.
Thanks! This one had some great b-roll from John Kasbe and the folks working with Yole! Africa.
thanks, I love constant motion.
Many virtual friendships were cemented in person with hugs and learning at the inaugural HubSpot User Group (HUG) in Cambridge and Boston
get on skype!!
Made 's clean apple crisp again...damn it is SO fn good for br
Congratulations to Scott Baker who won a free submission to from 's amazing contest!!
nice!!! You guys deserve it!!!
here we go again... I want to mic a 10"speaker off axis through all your moog pedals and mic the pa through the system
Just finished Watching "Speed"
“: Ya know, it'd be nice to get a good morning text from someone once ina while.”
Sorry I won't be able to make it to the reading tonight! I hope it goes wonderfully!
you never herd of a 40 be4 in movies and stuff lmao
tweet the boy!
And I'm 100% not talking about anyone you would probably know. No one important. I have a real problem with someone who makes a good story.
Your article in Huffpost Style today was hilarious. Because of Truth of course.
Please help me make my bff's dreams come true. She really needs this. Follow me and I'll tell you my secret plan. PLEASE.
Day one done and a success!
“: holla back! #clothing #design ” represent! Holla!....
how could I not follow you, I Love lilo !
Hating life right now
s/o to the homie he got on the plane to make it to my Bday Bash tonight at Club Smile.
Thank you as well. :)
I would have googled it if I didn't know haha
I walk around in circles while I'm talking on the phone c:
has arrived at
Omg can't wait for the weekend .
Oh no. I'm swamped.
Today I think I'll go job hunting. :)
Good trick to eat less ice cream. Turn the temp way down on freezer - ice cream becomes so hard you can't dish up too much!
:( u have facetime right u should facetime me on my ipod touch but i look like shit
Use social media to meet identified needs, not just 'cause you feel like it.
your text that you just sent me seriously made my night!!
"Emirates Cup victory looking less impressive by the day!" meaningless mid-season friendlies. Sold some energy drinks though.
So show the around the neighborhood! I'm all lost and shiz
“: haha, no, just deliriously hung over and sad...I think...” I feel his pain!
LinkedIn zip code
funny he hasn't commented on twitter for 16 days until minutes ago
im not sure at all whats going through the minds of lebron and dwade smh.
#OneThingIDon'tLike is when people put themselves down, or say things about themselves that aren't true.
Hi I'm Kelsey! I don't play any instruments but I'm trying to learn and I love you more:)
Oregon's getting ready to welcome another one loss team to the PAC-12.
Before I say goodnight..I wanna say I can't wait 2 get tht 5th #NBA ring! #GOSpursGo! Bring it back to SaTown! Its ours! #TimDuncan Awaits
Yes, it is a very unfortunate phrase.
Lmao RT : Hey look! Jordan Hill is in the 2nd round before TMac...
Thank u to all of u beautiful people who made tonights show such so special. And congrats to on their cd release!
First day at the new gig! Love it but miss my family!
Happy Valentines Day! Hallmark holiday or great way to show your true love??
Germany just got lucky...
RT “: Whenever i take LONG showers , means i had or have alot of shit on my mind .”
Straight edge guys have problems...it has to go somewhere
Pessimistic know-it-alls love to hate on #RonPaul. Apparently, being a doomsayer is cooler than believing in something.
just ate too much odessa
Bitches are so trashy... Even on Easter! Lol... SMH #WhenIsGarbageDay?
stop trying to make "fetch" happen
fun times doing a phone interview with Mr. Owlett's 6th graders from Elkton, PA this morning.
"Don't be mad because I don't care anymore. Be mad because I once did and you were too blind to see."
These fuckin refs blow
And please don't count the number of times I say "hm" and "that's cool." Such a dweeb. Not a TV guy. I write crap.
Starting a brand new 1-3NLH. Come on over and get in the game!!!
I am!
Working late night shift at home. Got some Star Trek on and upgrading the web site. Now this is how you work.
Election results duty tonight. If anyone needs me, I'll be speed dialing town clerks until about 10.
At Dillon ' s <U+2665> Having so much fun ,(:
Few people think more than two or three times a year; I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week.
u must be going to round up. Lol.
Damn Jeff Fisher making moves stockpiling picks in StL
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear Diet And Weight Loss - #Shoutout to the fat and lazy!
At lease we don't Tebow
idk what i'm in the mood for tho ..
RAW WEDNESDAY'S @ CLUB ELEGANCE EXOTIC DANCERS LADIES FREE TILL 11 $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE KITCHEN OPEN 21+ SECURITY IS TIGHT!!
This is great. And: What's with the little scratch of the chin gesture Gov. Romney is doing? What does that mean?
#Imagine Making out with then he starts going down your pants and sticks two fingers inside you<3
MAKE ME A FAN SIGN LOVE.. AND ILL MAKE YOU ONE ;)
I love Disney. I'm chilling in my bedrm. Mom in living rm. Heading bk up to MIA 2morrow to pick up cousin flying in from Germany.
We had a great week. How about you?
we are winning with the poor mans Corey Patterson in left and a guy hitless for the year lol
No problem, Grecia! That's what we're here for. If finals are now "pleasing", just think of how rad summer will be.
I'm in a suite at a Guns and Roses concert. This just feels wrong.
Before your night out downtown, stop in to for wine and cheese flights!
thank you! And np!
Deb Ayers great answer to age old q of osb vs mediator - if composite has just a mediator in it, prob not using technology way Oracle would
OK, updated request for help in SF: Just need about an hour of someone's time starting between 1 and 4pm, just to get stuff INTO the truck.
but some people would rather allow some1 else to run their home & lives. And be a societal mooch...
What a great win/finish for the Red Wings tonight, they needed that.
two more chances to see us play before we take at least a year off.
I hope the Clippers step it up
Knowing a song before it comes popular.
Good morning! I am feeling some energy I need to burn off so a good chase would be alright! Call you today or drop by AM Fri?
but only Madison has the magic key ;)
Looking for the right way to do the wrong things.
GB will play Chi on NFL Network Sept. 13 and then at Seattle Mon night Sept. 24 on ESPN, source said.
yeah, weird right? Alba is taking over NYC -bus, train, restaurants, cemeteries....those crazy ladies!
It's a thing. Not quite a handicap, but...
Seeking #PMP certified Project Managers for contract and c-h #jobs. Email your resumes to .
Collections Mgrs gather this AM to compare digitization workflows. There will be many valid ones. hopes for only one?
you misunderstood me. I was agreeing with you
I would like to! But trying to balance with NCAA March Madness....
So you think Bo Ryan was wrong to want an in-person discussion with Uthoff? Too many kids calling/texting their decisions
I need my meds now
“: It will be interesting to see if the Browns trade Colt today!” U think we could get a pick for the current draft 4 him?
Tell your mama #HappyMothersDay!
Damn! Messi right off the post. Well that was a hell of a match. Frustrating, but just a great match. It will be different at Camp Nou.
The cleanse is working....I think.
One more week until SPRING BREAK!!! yayy:)
Please share this page with all of your small-town friends!
#retweet Want more views on your #youtube #videos? Follow us and we will retweet you videos. we dont hav many followrs but u can help us out
Privacy should be cherished.
#1111 #MakeAWish #AustinMahone!!! 11:11 is my new favorite song!!! We have to make it in the top 10 on iTunes <3
Young Adult made me do this.
Love that song too :) That song is amazing live :D
You can never be too safe!!
scotch scotch scotch
When I have to shit at work I try and drop loads in the lady's bathroom. That way the girls have to smell my shit when they are doing blow!
superbowl party, please!
My friends - What you make happen for others, God will make happen for you. STOP TAKING AND GIVE BACK TO SOMEONE AND IT DOESNT REQUIRE MONEY
School is getting on my nerves! I want this weekend!
I guess im callin "BOO" tonight ;)
Neylon: think about the thing you cannot do and how you could use someone else's work, then focus on creating interoperability.
I asked my mom if we could move to UK. She knows why, but she said no ... :/
casting speaking roles & extras for directed by Submit headshot and acting reel link to
Starting to get ready for the Candy Buy Back in October! Cash for Candy! Operation Gratitude for the TROOPS!
"A heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others." The Wizard of OZ Happy Valentines to All!!!
So tell me why my 2mnth old sister actually watches tv like a kid hahaha
i sneeze alot when i'm tired
Had to move the happy hour inside because of the weather.. But we're still having a good time! #greatstrides #cff 1700 K st
Randy Moss to SF.
Only 100 more followers until I share who my first concert was... It's still really funny!
*waves* Hey there! <U+E41E><U+E057>
I ran into my ex the other day, hit reverse, and ran into him again
Took a nap earlier. Just woke up. There goes my somewhat normal sleep schedule.
on the #topchef tonight! Go Get Em!
Driver back from Midway recommends Iyanze and Nigerian Kitchen. Iyanze has the same owners as Bolat, so it's probably a good bet.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA no next joke please
But you have WORDS and they are WRITTEN. You can fill in plot holes because you now know where they are!
What are you planning for ThanksGiving?
are you guys running against #POTUS or the DNC chair?
RT Exciting for tomorrow's conference #C2CSS12 Me too!
What a nice day we're having :)
b/c U say UR nothing special & not 2 waste Our time with U. That is so not true! Now cut that out :)
your team might not make it to the playoffs this year lol
Bucks honoring UW-Whitewater sports teams for capturing national championships in football and basketball.
Wait, one more "congradulations" is a combination of "congratulations" and "graduation." Quit saying that shit for other occasions
David LaCroix from DC here. Learning & education consultant, currently working as a contractor at the Smithsonian.
. Thanks for joining us, Bradley!
Wish you were around when I need you and not when it's just convenient..
National Pillow Fight Day is tomorrow. Check to see if there's a massive pillow fight near you!
same to u! Hope u found somewhere to get some grub!
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change can be. ~John Wooden
Just beat my sisters boyfriend at COD GOML kid GOML
Off to walk Frankie to the bus... then I hope the rest of my day is peaceful....
Merry christmas to all and to all a goodnight :)
Did you know? Peanuts are not nuts but legumes grown underground. #Happy National Peanut Butter Day! How are you celebrating?
Money hungry hoes<<<<<
yes sir!
Bouta be the busiest day of my life.
I just saw a guy starting & cleaning snow off wife's car, on the back of his jacket was taped a sign that said "Remote Car Starter"
please tweet <3
Q: What's the difference between love, true love, and showing off? A: Spit, swallow, and gargle.
Jacketman09 WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WWW.VARSITYJACKETSPITTSBURGH.COM EARN 10$ CASH EACH PAID JACKET REFFERAL FOR YOUR GROUP 1Q
Before I tweet about this, let's pray.
Just seen the video again. Gotta admit she went at it with 5 chickenheads haha. Props Taylor Royce haha
I really dont like the clean version of BITT:-(
No rain, palm trees, and a warm breeze. This is going to be a culture shock!
This MY twitter not YOURS ima talk MY shyt!!
I think I love #backbonejs and
Husband: "you have glitter EVERYWHERE... Inside your ears, on your face, arms, legs, phone, my phone" it's been a god day so far.
OMG so tired of all the test in school and Happy good friday everyone
Stay classy Arkansas
Just ran into a tree in Hollister
Our Compton Based Hood Movie that we need Financiers/INVESTORS 4 will STAR n Other Known Name Talent
haha thanks, I'll be here all week!
clearly I have no clue what ur talking about but I <3 ur Davidson shout!
I just died. LMAO hahahahaha So stinkin' true though
I'll follow you wherever you go.
caprese sandwich, salad w/blue cheese & hazelnuts, and creme brûlée! yum.
the best thing about birthdays is the texts you get @ exactly 12 :)
most definitely good to "re-meet" you this year!
This time ungracious temper
Yes it is! I wrote a response paper earlier this semester where I misspelled three different ways.
Sipping on a cup of Intelligentsia coffee...my morning is already better
well said!!
Two more shows today!
It's 69 and beautiful today! :-) twitter huh?! I guess u can text thru twitter?
I fucks wit it
: While you're busy looking for the perfect person, you'll probably miss the imperfect person who could make you perfectly ...
I am watching Doogie Howser right now. It's fantastic.
Arbanas defeats Scraper at 2:16 of the 1st round due to strikes.
YOur always welcome. ^^
was just on 's Watch What Happens Live.
“: ears burning....uh oh! Now I'm distracted while is updating us!!” same day wow
i am who i am and take it or leave it.
RT : Where will LOVE go next? Any suggestions? Any ideas?
my drawing might take awhile
I am equally fascinated and disturbed by the show, Oddities. Louie has been watching a marathon all day.
Marry The Night on the radio on way to get some grubb lmao [=
Good Morning Educators! Do you create a list of rules for your students? Or do you let them create them with you?
I'm done with Hanging w/Friends. I just really don't like it that much and not b/c I lost all the time. lol
Well, I tweet from my new desk!
Subterranean show in Chicago was a blast. Thanks to , , for helping us put on a great show.
Somebody made a dirty bieber secret with Austin in it. Thats just fucking nasty! Thats just wrong and digusting! SMH -__-
You know it. I'm auctioning off two spots on my team to benefit Have any prizes I could include?
Done with scanning and on our way home. Watch for more advance digital images of what's inside of the token balls soon.
RT : Whatever you wish to experience in your own life, cause another to experience in theirs.
Lin is struggling Miami's offence is on point
<3 Tuesday! RT : Tuesday nights is Belltown's version of 'Cheers.' :)
listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 13
one of the best coaches (hands down) on speed mechanics that I have had a chance to meet and work with was
We roll the windows up and down, and toot the horn in every town. Who cares what the orchestra costs?
Chiillen, School is almost here -_- I'll admit kinda wanna go back to school, miss my friends.(:
Baylor and Washington have the worst 2 defenses in the history of college football... WOW!!!!
I love it. I vote yes.
Learned striking grappling and and now wrestling/transitions .
Events in Connecticut - New York Times
our new definition. Now to get it into
. is copying my sunglasses look
as in bread? or pastries?
I actually watched the home run derby last night...is that wrong?
didn't come to school today
Aww thanks, we love you too! And looking forward to seeing you on Monday for Bridget and Alex's wedding! Have a great weekend!
Honestly, not sure when the next one will come out, it all depends on inventory availability... I wish I could be more help!
that's awful sweet but it's probably too late for me to haul buns to the largo!
There are many ways to do it but there's only one Samplesaint way vistit our website www.samplesaint.com to learn more...
Award winners: Intellectual Freedom Award: Devon Hicks; TLA Making A Difference Award: Ride for Reading
I'm gonna her
New membership is making the drive home much more enjoyable. (For me at least). Thanks and !
so could I take you up on that offer to borrow a cake pan sometime this week? some of the cake will be yours in return!
RT : FLOOD RELIEF UPDATE: Our responders just headed out to rescue two more dogs found in high flood waters.
On this day in 1980, Rick James and the Stone City Band appeared on the hit music show “Don Kirshner’s Rock Concert.”
I wanna relationship & then I think of all the things that can go wrong and get scared to even try .
what can I say I'm a bit of a nerd... hahha
hahaha you are totally hard care! now attend a birth at the same time!
so what should i cook for dinner tonite! was thinking pork chops but really unsure......ideas????
can't touch this. ;)
Randomly keep getting a magazine called #FamilyCircle in the mail? Does anyone know why?
I must look inot this!!! Thanks so much! Howard
you should copy me and come to nyc in two weeks
A SEPARATION deserves the award for best foreign film, but BULLHEAD is still a better movie with more nuanced performances.
Prime rib & pepperoni pizza? Do they go together? They do today.
Making major progress on the launch of a new online printing company! Just set up a really cool live chat feature to boost conversion rates.
Early morning cardio at the fitness center at the hotel - then its time to eat and an impromptu photoshoot this afternoon!
worry about these books so you can go to college & wild out
If any of you have a problem with me tweeting the things I want to, please click the unfollow button. Kthanksbitch.
Please DO NOT foget the kids out there that can not change their situation. They are in the situation they are in, not by choice! GOD bless
A good way to get ideas… rather. :P
Hilar! that's is one of the longest hash tags I've seen in a while. Ps. you should change your twitter name to Jay Lou!
why do you have to rain on my parade? I was quite proud.
they do it by itself! Sorry! How is your recovering going??
your bf is finna get fucked like them whiteboy Spaniards did to 15th century Mexico city. \m/
thanks for the share man! It was cool playing with Animate.css more in-depthly.
Right. That's how I set it up, having learned my lesson the first time. Still fail.
my how the lineman have become so huge over the years
Topic for Eng 103 is procrastination. I am reading about it while I have done it. I am reading it at the last minuit.
Muuuurda she wrote.
ok good lol i was like "I saw something different" I think it was $55 not guarenteed, 26 is tho
lol i did
He is everywhere lol RT : 2Chainz is taking over the summer for sure...he's everywhere
NetworkedBlogs is a way to publish your content to people whove subscribed to receive updates based on categories etc. it helps!
start by taking acting classes. Take workshops around town. Then do a lot of research. Find out what your good at in acting.
Yes on Sun. Doesn't work for us as I'm having surgery today (person taking care of me is the one who had their flight cancelled).
Feeling like a new woman after 2 luxurious back-to-back sleep sessions, 6 hours each. Aaaaaahhh...
good look out I would check it out-YoBoy-H
Back from Atlantic City. Came out ahead so that's always nice:)
We're excited to have you! Let us know what you order! RT Excited to try a new restaurant tonight. here we come!
#FactAboutMe I live in Mississippi, but born in LA. I love it down here, but when I graduate, I'm moving soo far away from here.
There were too many cool beers to choose from, so I just picked the one with the most fun label.
watching movies...haha..but you have to study for something don't you?
pretty sure i've developed a heart murmur from excess coffee intake.
Family faces are magic mirrors. Looking at people who belong to us, we see the past, present & future. We make discoveries abt ourselves.
Reminder! David Garrett will be on tonight from 8-930. #Artown volunteers will be manning the phones and ED Beth will be on air!
I'm glad it was only a 5.8. Funny, tho, the same instincts applied. (I, like Elvis, left the building).
James Padgett with the first two buckets of the second half for the Terps. He is getting assertive like he should against UNCW
oh i see what you mean, should have said, " thinks it will go up"
I was just at HT and forgot to buy red wine vinegar. See you in a minute.
All of us on the Flyers had a chance, but her mouth was sore after the 18th player
Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who find it. —André Gide
Thank you! Love your mission! You should connect with #LightCaster - she'd love your focus!
Uggghhhh Monday you little bitch!! (Totally assuming Monday would be a woman if a gender was assigned)
that was supposed to be "your" Rockies. I am not claiming them. Typo!
i am so shallow. that's probably good though.
Metrics that show how you're shaping behavior = in. Metrics that just show high awareness = out via
Is a 10 year old too young to have his/her own comptuer or smartphone?
will ever notice me it am I just another fan who wants him to follow me?? I don't think he will follow!</3 heart braking):
xx RT : New day, new attitude.
Amazing, amazing, amazing! You were already one of my favorites but you shot up way high for me! You've got my vote(s)!
talk to me I'm so bored lol
Did some more on my WIP this afternoon. Coming along nicely.
Keep the comments coming..we are tallying up responses
It's snowing!
What is the most valuable #commodity out there today? #Technology? - What will be the most valuable #commodity in the #future? #Time?
Performance artist Marni Kotak to give birth in front of audience in Brooklyn
You still have time to order your holiday catering from Mangia!! Open Christmas Eve from 8 A.M. to 3 P.M....Buon Natale!!
Thanks! I can't wait to stay on the beach :) RT WERK! Very pretty city, have fun<3
“: Trust is not a once in a while thing. It's a constant thing. You can't be on time one day and late the next. #gitomer #success”
Road trip progress: Virginia, check. D.C, check. Maryland, check. Delaware, check. Almost in the dirty jerz
Follow My Other Account For A Guaranteed Follow Back
Take this opportunity to register for Cru De Gra! Don't be left out
Haha love you too!! <33 :P
"I gotta make it even if heaven or hell."
you can't be serious
Apr 22,1932: #Churchill spent rest of April at Chartwell working on "Marlborough' with historian Maurice Ashley.
I hate it when people go to work and I can't talk to them anymore :(
The reason I would get a Nook: more room in my purse for other things.
Skype me when you can.
Watching local high school football on tv and drinking beer at the same time. I bet the high school athletes are drinking beer too.
Yesterday was nice out, BBQ Some burgers. They were good, no pink slime. Today is another nice day. Hope everyone will have a good day.
Well, sorry, but UGH I wish my boyfriend would get off the video games.... So he can move over and I can play mine ;)
i dream that i could have her, i wish that my dreams mattered
I can't believe this conversation. :-| I hope you all get a chance to go soon!
You all sure know how to make my day. I'm feelin' the love!
Time to practice some Math and Reading with the students. It's never to early to start preparing for the FCAT this school year.
: Did you tell her about this? She'll love it. RE: Our sales mgr stood up & said, "That's it! I'm selling this book at Sizzler!"
how do you think Vandy will do against the cats though? Should be a good game
I said I'm over you , but every time my phone vibrates , my heart still wishes it's a text from you .
#NBA legend Robert Parrish will be on with today at 3:30pm PT to talk hoops and at 4pm talks
lol!! Thanks... If not, ima turn her into a fan! Lol
goodnight hernia. ;)
Trying to act natural around cops, even when you did nothing wrong.
who? o.O
Need to remember it takes time to develop a good rapport w/patients. I have to prove to each one I want to help them.
On w/ about how Rs are making it more expensive for students to attend college. Tune in @ 11am PT
#Antique Shopping in #Peterborough NH for this weekend was great! Check out the blog.
Please, Hammer... RT : Goal! 23 seconds into the 3rd Hawks go up 7-2 on goal by Gabriel
Am I weird for liking the scrolling in Lion? I find I get confused on Snow Leopard machines now.
If anyone would like to start a twitter-feud, thereby raising both our profiles: I'm available!
overheard at : "it's a commune, for lack of a better word."
now I do lol
you've met craig owens?!
Want fashionable advice for the "average" size women? Check out www.theplusinfashion.com
Love sucks
No problemo :) I hadn't been on in a while, so I hadn't the chance!
Iwas unaware that April was also child abuse awareness month, since we are active with the autism awareness movement
the delish always delivered by ! Glad you enjoyed
STRESSED...OUT TIME TO ROLL'EM...SWEAAR...
Not enough to make me take back every bad thing I've said about ABC Daytime, but its a damn good start!
really? What are your favorite podcasts?
Off to Borders & babies r us to shop gift for baby shower later. One of these weekends, I need a pedicure.
hey my twitter Fam!!!
when im sore from dance and Jared rubs my legs and back <3
it's hard, but i try to have each patron day be brand new. you were an ass to me yesterday? we'll start over fresh today.
hehe i like this. RT : My relationship with #Indianapolis is currently in good standing. DON'T SCREW IT UP CITY. xoxo
IM SO READY TO HIT DA #SCENE SIP ON SUM #LEAN AND SMOKE ON SUM #GREEN !!!!!!! LMAO
Don't forget to set your clocks back!
me too!
all these tweets and facebook posts from about being in worcester make me SO UPSET that i'm not home for it!! :(
Experimenting with Flash Catalyst and Flash Builder Betas - awesome stuff. Can't wait for production software.
lol i got ya
It's like Regis on "Who wants to be a Millionaire"? saying "We'll be right back with the answer"...with 3 days of commercials. GRR SUSPENSE
#WhenAustin follows you and your heart starts beating like crazy. RT if he follows you. <3
indeed! like hitting a snooze button.
That shit crazy
Tampico memories! The best! :)
Happy Friday!!!!
Thank you for following! We look forward to sharing Tweets!
Big difference in your and you're.
Thanks! :) It's been a long journey!
If this damn steamboat doesn't hurry its honkin ass on down the Mississippi right quick so that I can get back to recording I'm gonna freak
:) and most importantly you keep well and LIVESTRONGGGGGG!!! all my best wishes H :) J
*blush* That's so nice, thx! : anytime! I love spreading the word abt how great your programs are
2nd major A&R hit me yesterday.. Googled him.. kind of a big deal.. Thank God..
and one fabulous guy!! See you tonight!
Chunk, no captain chunk! are shit to me.
well as long as "stir-ing" refers to both pots and cocktails, I think I will be A-OK:)
mostly something like jimmy nielsen or graham zusi... Or just lots of cheering, are you sure it wasn't cheering?
Kentucky baby!!!!
True. True.
Thanks for the follow!
She brought chocolate covered bananas, Chinese food, and film noirs? It's trap.
one more
What makes big boobs and perkiness so attractive to boys I mean, really. Two round, mounds of fat and a fake smile. Yeah, winning attributes
all your VIP needs and bottle service in Vegas. Contact me when your in
Please pray for me that God's spirit will speak to me as I prepare for a 1.5 hour presentation with national church leaders! Thank u!
Articulate Storyline looks amazing! Can't wait to play with it.
Economist John Koskinen: "For me, the art of any presentation is, can you reduce it to a post-it note?" No no no no no no no
I love my #twin Phara !
we need to be , along with and
lets buy one
Ive learned when you got something worth having, keep it close by any means necessary-family is everything. Money is less important.
The bartender just said "I'm too old for this song." me too. I miss classic Madonna. But not in a gay way.
can you honour what's asked for?
LOL I'm a liver destroyer ... Pass the Vodka
When I think of you I feel like a Christmas tree lit up on christmas..when i think of you i feel like 4th of July fire works..
I wish I would of never met you. ehhh
I hate doing laundry :/
do t say that <U+E058>
Take a look at www.loopabroad.com! We bring teens to Thailand and Cambodia to volunteer in conservation and service projects.
This week: Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Dumbday, Friday & Saturday. Hope next wk is better, or maybe not, laughter is good for you.
RT : My response to Naomi Shaefer Riley. What do you think?| : A Black Studies Critic's Willful Ignorance...
RT : Great performance last night at Jamnesty! Looking forward to seeing you guys at the Spring Party/Cultural Remix.
Just a local history enthusiast. My name's Bryson. Always enjoy your feed as well.
So after waiting 45 minutes after telling him I need to go on, he finnaly gets off, and turned off the wifi too... #Seriously!?
Ight bet. Ima check it out.
Stay encouraged Superintendent Garry McCarthy and Chicago Police Dept... we got a lot of work to do in Chicago!
but we, collectively, seem to finally be evolving into tool-builders - very exciting
i got email notifications from eventful i just hope it's true :D
it's Julian's sexy back (:
RT : What is Derrick Turnbow doing?? I completely agree with this overreaction.
ALL I SEE IS Name Down My Twitter Line .
Thanks for the RT!
accidentally calling your mum dude...<U+2665>
New bike, helmet and lock for $150? Thank you Craigslist.
thanks for the #FF!
ur right ur not pretty...... You Are GORGEOUS!! So i think its called "gorgeous sleep" ahahah
5 days of work straight.
For example, healthier people take fewer sick days.
Wayne Simmonds Sucks in big moments
Hey #TwitterWorld and #WWEUniverse how is everyone tonight
anyone experience a scratchy throat or voice loss in taking cod liver oil/butter oil blend?
We want to hear details from KC bus commuters inside the #kcmetro hearing. Tweet us!
is amazed by how quickly that rain came in, kicked ass and took names. WOW.
so ya'll should take a inspiring actor under your wing and help someone out..like this guy
It's been an interesting week in scientific developments. World's lightest material, fastest aircraft, & faster-than-light particles. Wow!
"perhaps the 'softer' the power wielded over the listeners, the more insidious the final result?"
Amen!! RT : A lot of great things happening in #culinary and #hospitality in #Indy! Keep up the great work everyone!
Great questions! Thanks for weighing in.
Reading coverage about last night's SMCRVA meeting. Interesting to see what everyone is saying.
I have 3 wives now :))
Just call me Andy Sachs.
... not thinking about shopping, haircuts, food, dentists, traffic, weather, blogs, baseball, sitcoms, reality shows, or politics.
All I've ever wanted is to pick 'is guitar and sang!
Once a belieber always a belieber on TT.... it's exactly like saying "once a hoe always a hoe"
you get credit for having enough vigilance to purchase said pair of white pants.
Happy birthday to one of my biggest inspirations, of
great! Just don't hurt anyone in the process of "dragging"
boring elevator music? lol
Why does youtube have advertisements? -.-
#OMG Added to OED bit.ly/eTytU7 via #FYI was overdue, imho, no?
it's about time I start a hip-hop persona so I too can create my own line of liquor.
Get delicious bake goods at Firehook Bakery & Coffee House for your Holidays!! Contact us for your same or next day cake & catering needs!
And Roc is mine! lol jk He is cute though....
Happy summer superfans. Long time no talk. Quick pretty useless update: we've finalized our Fall audition dates. Stay tuned for them... /te
I purchased 's new album through iTunes and somehow only half the tracks are authorized. DRM is not metal.
After all the excitement you brought to the bar I hope it was on the house!
good morning (: have a good day alex.
pretty much my experience as well.. i didn't change my handle, working on a new one, pungle is slowly taking over my other one =/
Love the quality of all the products here.. My sales person Paulita is the best!
Trying to buy a gift card and it keeps telling me to try again.
Get out of Pittsburgh's terrible heat, take a Limo to your next event.
check out song 19 to 2. I think you'll like it! :)
#thatawkwardmoment when you catch someone creeping on you on the internet...
RT : No. #mlb is a highlight of #spring #summer n #fall ": Would you be OK with less Cubs and Sox games a year?"
awesome job by you, great to see a some Cali in NY, look forward to more diva material!
Happy New Year's Eve everyone! We're open until 7pm tonight, be sure to stop in and fuel up for the Jackets game or a night near the Arena!
I love the smell of you on my shirt :]]]
Why don't I know sign language?
“: Esmil pitching. ohdeargodicantwatch.” Esmil Rogers has become the new Franklin Morales
welcome to my street team and thank you for the support on facebook & twitter :) I love my fans!
This is going to be amazing! and !!!
hannah we can get on twitter noww!!!!! Yay those past four days were HELL lmaoo
Real men keep their feelings bottled up until they explode then they punch something that has nothing to do with what they're mad at lol
The End Days are upon us. I just loaned someone a book.
Beliebers And Monsters Are Flawless
Mahalo for stepping up!
yo like this semester is over :D
me and horchacha are going to lunch
I <3 you so much...<beat>...REPRESSED ANGER RAGE QUIT RT Sorry, I can't write you a letter of recommendation, because I'M IN TECH
Ron Artest needa change his name from World Peace to World War, dang that mighta been corny but i'm up n its late, wateva lol
I own a three hole punch so I'm obviously fucking important.
Not sure. She's on FB but has no interest in twitter.
We will be at The Student Book Store for blue and white weekend!
Innovations: use greyhound buses to bridge courier services, NCIP connections, ebook ideas @ DCL and Orbis Cascade. Any more?
The only thing worse than packing up all this stuff is having to unpack, repack, and unpack in two weeks.
HELLO.. NOTICED :D
Realized that our all-caps blog post headlines are obnoxious. Promise to bring them down a notch in volume.
Looks like Mizzou Arena trying to create its own "phog"...what is with the smoke-like air on this ESPN picture?
Thats what im doing and keeping faith
Students! Who wants to help out at SERVE with an upcoming campaign?! Meeting this Wed at 4....reply for details!
don't remind me...LOL
cause youre that awesome
Yikes! We need to fix this!
Hey Derek, cool stuff. Keep up the good work! C U about & around. Take care, & Cheers 2 the New Year! Hope 2 C some Piso stuff 2
#Rd2Bonnaroo lineup tonight is sweet but has got our #vote even though it's not counted!
Brrrrr!!!! Try to keep warm!
Sauteed soft shell crab and cedar plank wild salmon on the grill tonight.Yum.
Star Mentors is looking for Sponsors for its upcoming 2010 Seminar tours - www.StarMentors.com - Great opporunity to reach 1000s
#nowplaying "Relativity", Walt Dickerson. A cut several years earlier, but also incredible.
Um, ESPN, it's 5 after the top now. Ready to watch Mizzou!
Seaside or mountain?
Last minute call to all fans of funny... 401 UCB show at 1:30 today. Check it out!!!
probably who wouldnt want ?
hey i am getting ready for the high school football game cant wait HOPE we win!!:) what am i saying we r going to win yeah!!!:)
": Just caught singing no big deal" so cute haha <3
The answer is MYTH. There is no significant additional power draw when turning on a light bulb...
Follow back?<3
What said.
I'm eating Halloween candy already. Not a good sign.
" Madison police dept claims "standard practice" to ask people to see #facebook page during interview. Is this right?
what was the verdict
Whatever. This isnt something to argue over on Twitter. Dnt bother txting me. No matter what i don't like him..at all. BuhBye
chillin up trying to get this money
HAHA, CLASSIC! TOO FUNNY. if I had time I would :) u could help
And, soon...heading outdoors to catch Saturn!
not guilty
Thank you so much for the RT! Great to meet you! Looking forward to conversations!
My face kind of looks lick the nyan cat spat on it
Don't get weak during the week find your strength in time spent in Him
If I don't like something then I don't like it. I'll let it be known, I don't sit back and get walked all over like these other bitches.
I think Diana Sawyer is not really ready to hear the truth about what happens to poor black and spanish people living in Harlem
it's all good bud, just miss you
Danny Nathan, , from asked us to figure out what these innovators had in common: perseverance, passion, a bit crazy.
World War II and everything that happened in between it, interests the fuck out of me.
You should know im invulnerable to stuff like that :\ makes me wonder. Hm
I made this tea, but it's some fucking mint flavor abomination #tastelikeshit As you can tell, i'm now disappointed ;P
Feeling an epic migraine coming - ARGH - wish I could join tonight, but not feeling so hot all of the sudden.
Now that my clothes are packed for Dallas, what do I wear until then? Hmm
Wenger lost the match. Why not go with what had worked before. Trying Rosicky in Cesc position was begging to lose
ITS BEEN ONE YEAR SINCE YOU FOLLOWED ME (:
I did. : Is Chane Behanan the all time leader in UL history for blown dunks?
Thanks for the follow! Hope you enjoy my artwork
Understood. We don't have definite date yet. Another mtg later this month. Just checking, what dates work for you?
I appreciate that the pictures are not too childish since I'll only be using it with adults
Which Card design? Those are all user generated.
you're wrong
Thanks so much! We are excited!
4402637309 alex's number
counting down the hours 'til tonight's #nats game in LA. #harper's debut and #strasburg pitching! love baseball.
RT : My time will come if I just remain positive and patient.
That Wade to Lebron pass was beautiful!
Don't forget to come in tomorrow for some brunch and the Hawks game!
great to hear u on air again w/ best analyst in the bizz best of luck to ya!
defiantely i like the idea of it. Do your thing and keep me posted, im following
that was funny!
a local quilt shop that I really liked closed its doors :(
Woo hoo! Congratuations! Where will you be this summer?
WIN! Tweet the name of any TV show or movie you see ViewSonic products on, and end with #VSTV. Random tweet wins 3D Camcorder RT!
gosh darn it..thought it was friday
I love you
Here we GO!!! It's do or die!!! Let's get it
Think outside the outside.
I Totally Forgot To Ask... Remind Me And I Will Tomorrow (:
ekeizer4 comment on Gail Collins' NYTimes op-ed: the best response I've seen to the Seamus story is a dog bandana that says "I ride inside."
Woo! A Separation coming on shortly!
As always, your RTs are much appreciated!
As mothers day gets closer...it reminds me how much it hurts 2 miss her. Seein every1 mothers day shopping makes me wish I could be 1 of em
yall heard . Let's get sumthin poppin my g's. got the banger wit us as well
say hi to the camera, we're all watching :)
Hey Craig! Since your office is in our building, we want to buy your office lunch! DM if ur interested!
I already see its gone be an off the wall day but Im still in full gear getting my pinky & the brain on! Always ready 2 take over the world!
Rango is the Citizen Kane of animated films.
hey, at least u made it to 5th. I'm barely getting thru 3rd with my boy. But it's okay cuz we're writers, right?
Richard Lugar helped end apartheid, supported Corazon Aquino in the Philippines, & wanted to contain nukes. Of course he lost a GOP primary
On a conference call. Excited about this weekends event!
Heard at #ila2011, "the command and control leadership style is dead!" Do you agree? Is that wishful thinking or reality?
Anyone down for Greys Lake today?
Creating memories.
Come on up to Providence. 's working from home tomorrow and could probably be persuaded to tour w you.
Grandad, you've been in my mind ever since you passed. Every memory seems sadder than the last. <3
#IgniteTheWriterWithin! the party is starting! Come to to find us!
Seriously? Rory just out drove them both with a three wood?
We'll have free downloads or an album out soon! Promise
THank you for your civil reply - I do appreciate it. And I believe we both want the same thing, Freedom.
: Retweet and fill in the blank, "I'd carry the #JasonWuforTarget blue floral flap handbag to a picnic."
It's wed.nes.day! Have a good day folks! :)
I have the best boyfriend in the entire world!
very proud, looking forward to los angeles show
If you are closer to 6pm, that is fine - just let me know and we will wait! I'm sorry about that!
Love isn't complicated... PEOPLE ARE.
love me or leave me alone.
Thanks everyone for alerting me so fast! My account was hacked so please ignore any DM's from me.
RT : Just had a great meeting with - looking forward to working together soon! <-Word to the BOOZER!
FML shouldn't have to budget for needless intentional destruction of property though, don't you think?
Happy 24th Birthday Spencer!!!
I Know I Didn't Know Youhh Had Twitter. I Feel Ashamed
When you have an inspired thought, you must trust it and act on it.
depends on what you want.
little does that guy know, you also want a chance at the BCS...I'd rather be STRONG than a Joker
goodnight to you! You are awesome
@(null) Speaking of the ultimate mush...
Thanks for the session last week. She loves the pictures.
as far as climates go, better a swampy vagina than a desert vagina
I was amused to learn that Alan Lomax's first version of the Global Jukebox was constructed using Hypercard.
I can't wait for montages. I love Oscar montages.
good comment by "Austin has a lot of talent and we need to integrate"
Eric Cantor is refusing to be seated at the #WHCD unless they offset the cost of dinner by cutting food stamps #NerdProm (via )
Studio close everybody get the fuck out!!!!
I'll receive a 2012 Manhattan Community Arts Fund grant from the Lower Manhattan Cultural Council for my Basement Sanctuaries project!!!
": I'm ready to see you" its been forever ! cnt wait to see you !
Good morning! It's a beautiful day on Best wishes for a productive week.
well he came out like a weirdo! Lol
Lmfao, I love harry potter <3
Happy to see the win. Keep it up.
Good morning #Albuquerque! We're knocking out a ton of production before our Taco Potluck. ;) (Don't worry, we don't eat around your gear!)
I can think of several friends who would love this funny + well written blog, by a partner of a NY PR firm: acontinuouslean.com
Where shall I lick?
me too! #CroatianSwag (;
oh-oh. i think i lost my envelope. what to do?
dont worry i got you.....i will be DMing you very soon
you... STRANGE. haha, just kidding! <3
duh im pickin uk so no
google link tv Bridge to Iran.
Walmart vs. Amazon: Can brick-and-mortar stores hang onto shoppers?
dude. Me neither. The whole album, actually.
I hate the fact that I overreact to things. Everything is not how it seems. And I hate it.
Looking at the A's-Rangers game. How is Oakland a game above .500 now with like 4/5 of the lineup hitting around .180 in the middle of May?
Too old for bullshit and games.
My #Boyfran is so #Cute :D I say "Rove Roo!" and He tells me "Wuv Yew!" xD I love it <3 He's #Perfect! <3 P[eace]L[ove]U[nity]R[espect]<3
“: . how many players you expect for main event on Sat? Thanks” --->As the saying goes, about tree fiddy
Holy cow, catering fantasy baseball would actually be awesome!
I tweet too fast... I need a twitter editor.
What is going on..
You might not want to invest in Bored to Death. I heard the show has just been canceled :(
you can never go wrong with DQ
Thank you for the #FF Enjoy your weeked.
#derby is for the .000001 percent
why would you do that?!
Craftybiz type people - what would you like to see in a productivity type post? Looking for ideas, thank you! :)
haha....actually think I want you???...umm been there, done that
Tate is a Miami "Cane"
Trappin on the porch with
So many tweets during the day and then they gradually slow down - who is willing to join Celebrity Creators contest
#FiggeStudentFellows update: venue changed to Murray Room (5th Floor of Lauinger )-looking fwd to great presentations at 5PM!
Maybe stress from the weekend, I imagine it could have been tough to deal with all of that. Inflammation from stress?
The most difficult character in comedy is that of the fool, and he must be no simpleton that plays that part
..... I literally got home 4 hours ago. Why am I wide awake?
Writing about Woody Guthrie may be the "becoming my father" moment I thought I'd never have.
thanks! Hope life is great with you.
i love. You millionss , pleasee read this andd follow me h i would be the happiest girl alive <3
Estonia is big leader in digital health: medical records, prescriptions, imaging & tests, appointments -- all online, linked to digital ID.
RT : Pippen and Kukoc chatting in the hallway. Scottie: "You write the next inspirational letter to the team."
Tonight's Republican debate reminded me of nothing so much as a Real Housewives reunion show. EVERYONE STOP TALKING AT ONCE OMG.
How was it ?
My babe do the damn thang
I just got home from clothes shopping for my new job and i realize i would rather wear a uniform. Spent way too much!
Guess everyone is getting ready for the Oscars....I, however, have to get ready for bed....baking call is always early..beep beep at 3am z
won a little ;-) fun times! didn't wake up married or with a tiger in the bathroom! X
Mom you're a fucking bitch
Like baseball? Want to win an iPad? Come root on the baseball team on Saturday at noon at WCTC Field.
who said we broke up?
Nice job today and
Aw. Was there a particular story/image that did it?
To this day when I hear that song I see you standin' there on that lawn, discount shades, store bought tan, flip flops and cut-off jeans
This is awful and also funny! Haha!
Welcome the new Power Tower At the OV Rec Room, It already loosened the back of one of the class members
What did they do now?
Shed Your Skin.
#GoTribe Speaking of that, just one more week 'til Opening Day!!!
Andre luck first overall pick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> shocker <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
just remembered to enter 's ticket giveaway for first time opera-goers. Thanks OC & !
No boats but 2 cute kittens. They're 4oz Helen Kellers & are fluffier than mice/rats. Mom got catnip epidural. Dottie is unsure!
#clippers in second rnd of playoffs... is now on my list of "must watch" athletes
Last thought for the day: I will be a ninja of sorts.
What time? And do I have that feature?
Same here! lol
Always tell someone how you feel, because opportunities are lost in the blink of an eye but regret can last for a lifetime.
At a tasting at the Good Earth Market in Elmhurst, IL and impressing people with the quality of Greek Wines!
#MNF Time!!! Love it!!! Finally should be a solid game!!! Overall a great week for NFL.
memory lane....
I live like 20 minutes from Nashville. I've always wanted to go to LA!
To the waitress at #masmalo last night: I asked for a jack and coke, not for you to do a line of coke.
drank here
None so far, as I haven't succumbed to the Foursquare obsession yet.
#Facebook Tip: Move the app that shows # of "Likes" down - people can get that under your name.
I shouldn't have told him to go to sleep. I just want to talk to him now.
I think they both
Stop giving out fucks like they're candy.
Leaving Dallas going back to Memphis going to finish my handmade spiders for the Fall Festival! Find me on Facebook for more Pics!
"People are coughing on the train, shall I put them down"
Well that was a weird re-tweet! Hootsuite fail
I had it last year. Even better than I can remember. Just a perfect stout.
Ready for Harold Henderson's "What to do When Perry Mason isn't on your side" supporting #ProGen at
Opening Day is tomorrow, what's your trick to get out of work?
When niggas wann fuck, and they girld don't...I feel like its only fair that he go fuck another girl..
hey Delia got work for you
Dope I'll check them out and get back at you asap
Kisses, McDonalds, Bacon, Music, Money, Special Cookies
Shooting a video at dobbs!
I can't help but smirk
I'm right there with you love, I have five Twitter apps on my iPhone and four on my iPad. Is that a lot? ;-p
Ah, I see. I knew they would come up under the search box at the top with or without them, but I knew nothing about trends.
The kid with green hair in My Life as a Dog deserves his own movie.
I'll never go back to the not having sex ways of the past.
CRJ's first-ever graduation this Saturday; award in memory of slain employee Aysha Ring to be announced.
My lil cousin in #Nola get on my darn nervous !
30 hrs OT this week, i'm shot can't wait for the weekend GRIPEABOUTIT.COM PEOPLE
Finally got my bike in Austin a couple hours ago. What a difference!!
it's a wonderful day cause it is your birthday
Good luck to everyone connected with me.
i need a producer i cant get the right sound when i produce my music
10K? Jeez. Haha no! I really haven't. Good for you though, thats amazing. :O I'm not good at running. Haha.
Addison police polygraph test today. It should be a walk in the park.
How did you sleep last night? Seriously . . . Tell us about your nightly ritual to fall asleep.
Sociology. Finishing my diss now.
Have a great weekend, and remember we are available 24/7 if you need us. Have a great weekend!!
Happy Birthday Beautiful
Breaking News... #Lundqvist was just drafted by every team in the 1st RD. This guy is good!
Who has KEEK????
Correia sucks. Fin
Thx for taking time to follow~ Hope to hear from you more, especially about products in BOI~
Thank you very much.
gives a shout out to our dancers today who did an awesome job at the Harman!
lolzzz - exams all week, still lying in bed wondering whether i should get up and study nah
No, can't! Working
- Daragh, A very belated "Thank You" for the #FF last week.
yep! another 9 days
Think they know what WTF means? MT: Marine Corps: Soldiers who posed with Nazi flag thought SS symbol stood for sniper scouts
Yea #NASCAR crazy stuff in first race
I once heard a pimp say the only way 2 have the upper hand on a women is to be flyer than her
doesn't miss u, she's into non comics that have chest hair.
Once the system has been turned on, the camera will look for the game player’s body, lock onto it and assess his positioning in space.
are you going to be on tough enough of season 2
Saw you guys are bringing 70+ to Dick's. Look forward to seeing everyone. love before and after, fighting for 90!
let me know if you get away from the Stress Monster.
Do you bump tupac or do you bump biggie?
<U+266B><U+266A><U+266B> Happy Birthday to You<U+266B><U+266A><U+266B> Happy Birthday <U+266B><U+266A><U+266B>Feliz Cumpleaños a Ti <U+266B><U+266A><U+266B>Happy Birthday Ucutie pie U! I wish u much happiness <U+2665>
Remarkable by not being remarked by media: U.S. spending $trillions in Afghanistan fighting an enemy without a paycheck.
It's all about the tone.
I can brainwash your mom. :p.
I posted a picture of you guys from last Friday on my Facebook page. Be sure to check it out www.facebook.AmberHayesMusic
Don't Chase the Dream...... CATCH the Dream!!!!
No doubt my brotha. Glad to hear it. Enjoyin some fun in the sun. GOD bless - 100
Most important job ever.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself, any direction if you choose. ~ Dr. Suess
thinks he might jump on the facebook bandwagon much to the delight of his Fiance.
So ... looks like it's #sblaar not
different as in special
If we are alone in the universe, it seems like an awful waste of space.
MT : #lrnchat Cindy Huggett, author of Virtual Training Basics, on a mission to help trainers deliver online WELL
Remember to tweet your favorite Inkd Business Card to win a set of your own!!! Contest ends tonight!!
RT : Yeah black is awesome. Its best song I ever heard. :D
what kinda stuff u thinking?
I am MORE than a dreamer and a believer, I AM A DOER!
"Lepracon" was too much...Hoboken, you almost redeemed yourself, but unfortunately you're still in New Jersey
7/22/93 My 3rd show, 1st two setter. 2nd set felt completely rushed. Tweezer>Walk Away was about the only thing memorable for me.
wouldn't it be crazy if we managed a comeback? Haha!
RT : And I love music, so everyone should keep making it.
I just tried to use my BART card in the #NY subway...ha ha ha
Would love to contribute a odd dc image or 'then and now' type series for your blog!
police boat, scuba team & emergency vehicles at Clark St bridge in Loop
WOW, nice upset at Westerns!! Rat City Rollergirls (Seattle) beat Denver Roller Dolls 139-128! Amazed my neighbors didn't call the cops.
RT : A3: convincing local officials/funders that #MainStreet is necessary for job growth/creation. (3pt answer)
The Cleveland Browns have traded up to the #3 spot, and will select RB Trent Richardson from Alabama
That awkward moment when discovers DBs. Hahaha
Any idea what we should expect to see from Orlando Arcia this year? I assume AZL?
congrats! Xo
You got me so jazzed up I can't sleep. LET'S GO BREWERS!
Putting it in my pants'll get me dates only if it looks like it's in my money clip. What's in there now falls out. Heh heh...
Memento Vivere => Remember that you have to live; a reminder of life
Had an awesome weekend in SF and LA! Made new friends and fans, now time to start preparing for the takeover!
Welcome to good burger, home of the good burger, can i take your order?
Will do - thanks!
#Livemylife with no regrets
tweeting lol bored
An unintended effect of today's rain: the smell of wet hippies at the Willy Street Fair.
thank u 4 make me believe there's nthn impossible and we should believe in our dreams i like u JB
I read that as "MST3Ked out" instead of "METSed out," which probably would have been more fun
So true! RT : you dont need motivation to act u need to act to stay motivated
I knew he was a crack head
yeah where did you buy it or read it?
Nice timing, I'm in Belton today.
haha yep! is always getting pictures that he sends her based on some inside jokes they have
what about Emelia?
ZPD out hardcore today. 5th one
Going to #ASJA? My Friday morning panel has top eds from Ladies Home Journal, MORE, and Destination Weddings on #beauty and #health writing!
Yep! A solid, responsible Camry.
just date him.
Hello, March. Come in! Make yourself comfortable- Stay a while. Jan & Feb were in such a hurry to leave. Seems all u months r in such a rush
BigXII would have them if they had more sports.
Signing out. Peace
yay! It's so light and free. Perfect for yoga time. Class tomorrow with me?
haha that's awkward but awesome :D
Just #rocked Smith's Olde Bar here in #ATL. Time to head back to
On 4/7/1972, VA General Assembly passed a bill to separate GMU as an independent campus from UVA. Tonight we look back at 40 great years.
Two injuries on same day, so you need something to blame, but bothers me the compressed NBA season is cited for Rose & Shumpert ACL tears.
i went to try and sell my guitar to get a keyboard today them niggas was only tryna give me $45 that shit goin on craigslist
No! But, related: I love your mom.
Happy Easter... Still rehearsing my Easter speech on Easter morning.... Lol some things never change.....
AH!! just bought my tickets for NYC Concert. So Stoked!! Gonna see if he'll do a cover with us.
Pujols out of st. Louis!!!!
My mind is in over load and can't focus on one problem
Huge new shipment of children's books at the Menil Bookstore. Come shop for the holidays early.
We drink a lot of tea at Twitter!
Treat part-time and volunteer executives just as you would full-time, paid senior managers. Make them a part of your team
Ew. Throwing up is disgusting.... Why do people record it? Its not funny or entertaining.
Classes online aren't so bad!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
After eating s Doritos Locos taco, claims, " I came all over myself!"
What is the glitch you experienced?
he was so bad for us the first year we had him I have no confidence in him whatsoever xD hahaha
Just saw My Chemical Romance and Blink 182 at the Comcast Center last night. They were AWESOME!!!! But it started pouring, which sucked.
Spending the day watching some football and finessing some CSS.
Swerve... Swerve...
What Company is the best in Houston Texas?? STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT!!!
ugh I know. All day I have been thinking I would have seen ed. And then like right now we would most likely be meeting him
I have no idea how that works. I just finished Fly Away Home by Jennifer Weiner & wanted to lend it to you-very appropriate!
#wheelsfinnaBup<U+2B06><U+2B06><U+2B06><U+2B06><U+2B06> Dressed for his performance wit a nigga tweet a pic an make sure I gets my <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Going to walk around the track gotta get back in shape summertime is right around corner.
aw that's nice :)
People who don't know how to turn off their ringtone in the slc should simply
I don't know what to do anymore I finished the Hunger Games.
its just my opinion... We're all entitled to our own opinions right sam?
The cat is confident that everything belongs to her.
cam newton mania has begun!
Aye down in front! Pawn stars is on
Killing it right now!! RT : Thank you Austin, rocking Static in Pittsburgh tonight, time to
3 essays due tomorrow...not doing any of them
Thanks for the nice tweet! Good energy and great cause! Thanks for visiting!
You at Centro??
Subtweeting About Me<<<...Me Subtweeting You>>>.
Right when my mom leaves . This kid always crying :(
Just spent $80 already
omg I had a glorious feast there once, when it was like a 4-course meal for $15...it had unlimited cheddar biscuits
Well my house smells like a brewery, beer reductions on the stove and spent grain in the oven.
nevertheless one gets sense there's a real person there. you follow tons of ppl, how does your feed work? Do you ever see my posts?
How convenient is it though that this message is just what I needed to hear.
#YouGettinPunchedIf you think you're better than everyone else.
Interested in Attending or Exhibiting at the Home and Garden Market*Dallas or Houston*Info & Discounts at www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com!
my spoon is readyy:))
SWAG is deceased - DIP is on deck! Ask
my wife and I do Insanity! I think you will really like it!
I should be falling over by now then!
Thanks, Marcus.
Actually Jason had a Twitter account, dating back to before the PGA Championship but it was deleted last week. Not sure why.
OH: "You know what goes really, really fast?! Millipedes, man, millipedes..."
yea you cock,smh
I love when my fav bands cover my other fav bands!! #sugarland cover of
"RT someone told me life is beautiful, but I didnt know until today"
S/O new Followers:
1. you still have a link to your myspace on yo twitter page seriously wtf
WTF are you doing out there. I don't understand the noises coming out of you.
Picked up a client in Oshkosh and drove him home to apartment on State St. There were lots of "KING" yard signs in neighborhoods up there.
Just like life, in a nano sec, CHANGE!....gotta luv this industry! lol
Good day, FB, LI, and TW universe! I'm thankful for the Holiday season (no traffic today!) and grateful to all of u! Hugs!
Hey! Thanks for following me!
Chocolate cake for dinner.. Sure why not.
Right, I think a lot of it is about whether you believe patriarchy operates separately from other forms of oppression.
i dont feel good:(
Thanks! Happy Mamma's Day to you!
Catching up on The Voice. I must say, I was not a fan of 's audition but dude, shes been kicking #TheVoice's ass!!
Does your dog know how how to surf the internet?No - but he's got a ruff idea.
Getting Wicked! In my on-going quest to find excellent panels by attending the most esoteric. I'm in the far corners of acc. I bet it rocks!
i dont like texting. if you wanna talk to me you gotta call. and idkk what you be doing just to call you out the blue.
I need to get on that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
The neighbors dog is so sad..howling like something from a horror movie. I keep poking my head out onto the balcony trying to console him :(
“: how are you today!”chillin HBU??
March 1933 Monopoly board game is invented
you should can I be one of the two to make it 10,000?;)
If you could write a book, it would be about ____________ ?
FYI, it's already the afternoon.
Most definitely! RT : Hot out there people. Hope your AC systems are working!
IDK WHAT TO DO MORE I BEEN TRYING #3YEARS 4 U 2 NOTICE ME/FOLLOW ME!!!! :( #BELIEVE :(((
“: Wuts da bricc niggas song called on YouTube??? I wana hear it”Type In PyletboyEnt On You Tube
Bottled water in my car is an ice bottle this morning! NYC is blustery & hopeful & as I type to you I see the Statue of Liberty.
are you coming to Austin's NY concert ? :)
”Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.” - Albert Einstein
" great OMC Deal of the day today! I may want to try it out! u getting one? know anyone who is? #yoga" - <- who's with her??
Miley Is That Really You On Skype MileyrCyrus****
thanks for all the updates :)
I am inspired. To go watch TV and sleep.
FREE DRINKS TODAY. be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "PROFESSOR" to the bartender and your first drink is free.
you know me, I just do what I'm told.
RT : If your company only offers login via Facebook, your company sucks. Chances are, so does your business model.
Why does not keep Foxtrax up for the entire game?
you back. stay out of my sisters life and get your own douchebag
ailva devlin (ailvad) Thanks for the follow. May the shirt be with you!
When someone always talks about their past<<<<<<<<<<<
Nice. Would love to see how you tallied that sometime.
Are you ready to change the world? Today we will be on campus at and Stop by and learn more about !
Okay have to take a break and run some errands
why is the penn state stuff still on the cnn front page? that horse is dead.
Exactly! Xanders said they had a strict cash budget, less than their cap space. 18 ate most of that: cash-on-hand low
that was hysterical!! Haha :)
Things I learned from HBO's GAME CHANGE....Ed did not get John's voice while Julianne NAILED Sarah's and Woody Harrelson? He always rocks!
Did Beth send out a newsletter lately? Someone said they mentioned me in it?
These people just sat at my table introduce themselves and gambled for a sandwich in Jack in the Box
Big Dr. Who fan! How about you?
The world we live in.. God vs. money
Wilco is coming to rock Fillmore Auditorium - Colorado Denver on Thursday, January 19th 2012. Get concert tickets by calling: 888-493-0004
I'm hot and cold with it. He'll probably face H at Summerslam.
We need to continue the sweep!
How Old Would you Be If You Didn't Know How Old You Were?
Wart removal does not have to be painful! Call us about Florosal – effective & painless wart removal. Call now 412-681-6400
2011? Almost over?
this girl next to me is crying because she saw some gay guys kissing and is offended or something omg i cant breathe
": thank you for giving some relaxation" Always for you!!
With the girls (:
Suddenly I really want to schedule a camping trip for the summer. Would be fun.
Computer programs and apps for children with #autism !...
that little quake didn't feel as big as some waves, still, happy it was small
My pleasure!!
I ADORE yacht rock. My favorites are the Van Halen vs. Eagles episode and the Warren G episode
Great news! Thanks for your support of #OpFeed RT : OSU Libraries is gearing up to participate in our annual Operation Feed event
ha! good one Tiff!
With pics before in Eden Park
will do sir ;)
lol yes I know..im just messing with you
Incorrect geographies in Draw Something.
Who says it's been raining cats & dogs in San Diego? More like giraffes, hippos and rhinos! Looking forward to return of sunshine soon!
Kay I'm done
Darkness is when I wake up. Let's get this night started.
Handing a kid a book he's looking for and hearing him say "yuuussss!" is
Congrats to Demetris Chalmers..winner of the passes to the advanced screening of 'Men In Black 3'
Such a busy two weeks! Two shows down...two to go! Running the first to shows all day today! Ah!!!
Hilcrest Husbands wil be at the M2 booth this Sunday -- lots of fun
RT : I'll never tell. RT : OK, what did promise to Huntsman?
And in a shocker [to no one], Newsies is now an open-ended run.
My dad MADE my day today!
Um really Grey's!!! If they killed off McDreamy :(
Brownies in the oven...only moments until I enjoy a hot brownie sunday to celebrate by natal day. Yum :-)
I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT WAS HAPPENING AND THEN THE MAYO AND THE WEIRD HIP MOVEMENTS AND OH LORD
KNOWSHON OUT AGAIN C'MON SON WE NEED YOU!
Just read "Ignore the Human Element of Marketing at Your Own Peril" & loved it. Would love to connect
YOUR WEB ADDRESS HAS (URL ADDRESS) ,INSTEAD OF. >>>NOT WORKING YOUR ASSESTS
hahhaha damn there goes my best kept secret
Ohio's per-capita income has been on the decline for the past few decades. Improving educational quality could help.
or ask your local store to order from Last Gasp or Tony Shenton - encourage them to look outside the diamond bubble. Thanks!
makin it happen,
Have a great rest of May. Signing out of the online world while and I finish our manuscript. See you in June!
im going to wear jeans today as iv been wearing trackies all weekend i think im turning into a chav bruup .
#np Chip Skylark - My Shiny Teeth And Me
:I never go online to know how to follow people!BUT2morrow I will learn4u!
Happy birthday! <3
tired too! Long day back at school :P hbu? :)
DYK? Andrew Young, Former Mayor of Atlanta, GA (1982-1990) is a member of A Phi A
Being a foodie on Fridays in MKE during Lent is rough for me... The fish fry is not my thing.
Boom! 2011 tax return submitted! New computer here I come :D
Well, it looks like the all-star balloting is about over, especially in the National and American Leagues.
#57-Andre Gurode-C-Dallas Cowboys
Sneaky people, hate them
Beyond time
I hear u - love the work they do at Stanford libs…. Wish I was going to ALA but so over Orange co… but hope we meet soon.
you are twitterific today!
Did you know that the first radical mastectomy was performed in 1882?
dude, drumming is the shit. \m/
yess, really sad
Ain't never been the mushy type guess that's one of my flaws.. Along with being non chalant
aw how sweet are you!?!?
Destination: West bubba f***.
should've just taken his ball and went home.
Make it rain on dem hoes
Who is a better flex start this week....Beanie Wells or Roy Helu??
Time to gym !
he want his dick sucked make him eat you!
great background. My vote for Mr. 50 Shades.
cause to compete in figure like I wanted I would've had to lose more weight and I wasn't feeling it
It's a money thing? the grant needs to be written?
fuck the #NBA union. If it were up to me, you would get paid only the minutes you play. Talk about some greedy son's of bitches
What!!! You are crazy! I hate bugs in general.
you're lucky you don't talk to me at school. Ahah
I want someone to love me, for who i am.. <3
I don't know about all-time, but Next's "Too Close" is responsible for 95% of babies made in the 90s. On the dance floor.
thanks for the love guys!!!!
don't be stranger
Thanks for the RT!
I'm sorry to have missed you, too! Another time, I'm sure.
are we FB friends? I recall this terrible oversight from last year. Never again!
TODAY 6-10pm is Southpark WalkAbout. The collective of artists & crafters in Mercado Golondrina are setting up in empty lot on Fern St.
We are proud too! RT : We're proud to support through our partner with
SO if "Ur" is not an acceptable abbreviation for You're is U'r acceptable?
Awww, I'm her fav follower :-)
Donna Summer medley is rocking my face off right now.
Happy Dancegiving to all you heading out there today! Look for he'll be out there with the crew..
My favorite of all time :-)
We Support Trayvon Martin and YOU should too!!!
Any museums out there using for online ticketing & registrations?
sadly no, we're on tour. go to our Myspace and check our dates!
Allergy avoidance tip: Take a warm shower as soon as you get in to remove pollen from your hair and skin.
Thanks to , I'm now watching Pulp Fiction.
Sounds like fun! RT Who's going tonight?ME! RT been preparing for the party since 6am-can't wait to celebrate!
stimulating the economy
First time I've seen a ball called while at a game. Bard not happy.
for pizza? and waterproof laptops
New album: String Em Up feat. Mozart & Beethoven.
follow me please?(:
I find myself hardly using and anymore. I mostly use Google and Apple products
I could use some Charlie Sheen face melting energy today. Minus the crazy rants and you know, that whole hookers and blow thing
Google launches flight search google.com/flights
happy birthday doll.fans love ya!have a good one!!(:
So does that mean the other 99% is consumed at the Fed Hill Irish Stroll?
Thanks LBH. Love you SO much and happy you were and have been there the whole way
School sucks ass /:
I just got my 5.1 DVD audio version of the Flaming Lips' "Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots" in the mail. What do you mean, it's not 2004?
the Boston college product baby
My dog is so annoying when it comes to bed time..
If you shootin for the stars then just shoot me....
So excited to turn in my textbook better known as the 60 page PR proposal!
I was trying to find the right word but that about sums it up from what I got from the description.
It is more outward-looking, meaning that the US and Europe will work together to tackle global challenges.
my room I got to head to a tutor at like 330 or else I'd be over
what are you doing tonight?
Getting into balance.
I think that Jews and Arabs could live together. It is not a simple thing but I believe we may arrive at an agreement.
Thanks for the follow!
Happy #FF to you! (Yeah, you)
"There was such wealth to be got from slave labor, it was no wonder these people were fighting to the death." --The March, EL Doctorow
DJ/Pianist/Producer/Composer for hire.. Contact me @ 678.577.7062 for booking information.
Any Jetpack Joyride players? Go download the awesome Gadgets update!
fantastic<3 I sent your birthday stuff out today!!!:)
You know it!! #DCArtists represent :-)
Your a mess, calm down dude!
Dinner at Dinosaur BBQ with , #LaurenO, #DoreenO, and
Oh I should not have been listening to your 'Guts' podcast while eating breakfast.
Hey how are you? :P
Morning everyone...276 currently "talking about the band"...if you are, you rock. Keep spreading the word! :)
Working at the office.
& not "needing" coffee RT : Love waking up with crazy energy at 4am..After only 4 hours of sleep. THANK YOU PALEO DIET!!
Nanjing yard to raise the Titanic for tycoon - China Daily
so u want me to love you??? thats just sick
You never told me what you were doing--you just wailed at what Obama was not doing
I'm up now!
That ONE day when your pointe shoes don't hurt.
hope it gets better! It's still early in the day :-)
The latest poll shows race for Portland Mayor is still in flux. 18-percent are undecided.
my kids like the French toast and the eggs. Bottomless mimosas help the rest of us ;)
oh hello Erin hows your weekend going?
Hey guys, please follow my friend !
Jus finished blow drying my hair...time to flat iron & get dressed....beautiful day today <U+2600>
Make the decision, make it whit confidence, and the World will be yours!!!
Fat chicks swear they have a free pass to cap on people.
Expect to wait up to 30 minutes for a Blue or Orange line train this weekend, which stupidly enough are basically running back-to-back
Paul, you are very welcome. Thanks for all the great posts!
as in Orlando Bloom?
Lucky Friday to you! RT : #FF #Karma this Friday the 13th
no topshop isnt that expensive :)x
my mudhoney shirt came in the mail today and it's too small :-(
Need to call and confirm Wiki's flight soon and then return to packing/cleanup fest.
Make way for all the lames that are going to disagree.
I'm an east coast girl...I'm not used to this!
This game is like playing FIFA12 on a 13-inch TV.
RT : I miss MySpace. Haven't been on that in years, defiantly was a big thing in my life back in the day
what's your advice for remedying late online attendance when it's not necessarily required?
Saw John Santos+top musicians.8 kids age 2-7 sit up front. Grandkids HOOT 4 grandpa.Moms dance.Yawos.Culture lived not watched AHA LIndo
First tweet I a bit and it's a shout out the golden state b-ball
BacchusandBeery, thanks for following us on Twitter!
I'd take a full hour of Paul Heyman reading prepared statements, though.
still in india; leave tonight
I lost something very important to me and its sad that i just realize to tonite.
And another one..
Be safe not sorry
Yes! Online business may seem easy, but it actually entails a lot of trust from both the buyer and the seller
RT : More vendors for the Booze Bazaar, 12/3/11 Chop Butchery, Portland Pepper Sauce and...
brb google translating. EYEROLL.
Giants lead 9-0 at the end of the first quarter. But the Patriots have settled in and driving down the field with ease.
Stories from the object catalog: "It is possible that V sold his loom and patterns to K when he stopped weaving and became a dentist."
Fresh mozzarella is usually shaped into balls & stored in brine.
- If I Could Turn Back Time, I would have never listened to any of that crappy music.
We've still got a ways to go, but it's getting closer!
The hair thing ... regardless of length ... is WAY overrated. Def lose the glasses tho.
of course, but Alex you dont do anything i dont like everything you do i love<3 follow?(:
In the background...The Richest Girl in the World (1934)
Under #COasset these students would pay a standard rate of tuition, which is higher than in-state tuition
Happy Valentine's Day! <3
Glad I'm not a turkey lol
I don't care what no one says... U got served is a good movie...
i do aha
Let's go #FLAMES! Watching twitter feed from work in LA.... I got my priorities straight.
Hello right back! MT Hi , Greetings from Indonesia, YES Alumni 2011 :)
Hope everyone's okay. Turning to our San Diego office for #earthquake advice.
Nobody said it was easy
Shopping 101. Keep your eye on your cart or you will get cart-jacked. I'm a victim.
Everyone Believes in Something. The problem is.... I don't know what I believe in :-/
ooh Emily on the #bachelorette tonight ... interesting
Used to hate summer squash. Now I love it and crave it. This is what having a dead mother will do to you.
That awkward moment when you realize you've been mispronouncing a word your entire life...
I'm doing great, Chad. Hope you are.
damn right it is. RT Oh, snap. This is gonna be fun:
hey I live in TN, too
I really like shopify as an e-commerce solution plz report back on difficulty of implementing designs
Thanks Bart for the mention! We are loving your work.
Waiting outside the room for the #ERPA hearing to start with
I would love to host a houseparty #benefitfan. My fingers are crossed.
So how much of an "investment" to get naming rights to an brew?
doom, doom doom. ITS HARD TO LOOK RIGHT, AT YOU BABY. BUT HERES MY NUMBER. SO CALL ME MAYBE
Listening to work that body by MJ #MichaelJackson ^_^
Brad Richards UNBELIEVABLE
Just watched the descendants. Now I want to move to hawaii and raise daughters as a single father
is this due to lenders speeding up the process rather than foreclosing? What do you think?
Head hurt
You're welcome!
#RECYCLE! We have more in our 60 gallon recycling bin each week then we do in our garbage
despite having 25% of #TED speakers as women, it takes double the time to find them. Keep at it !
Little Richard's alive. I thought he was dead. Now I feel bad.
Phone about to die, left my charger at the salon today
oh fun! I'm at the shore today too -- nothing literary but this must be clean-up-the-shorehouse weekend. Good time for a fest!
#haloreach what do you think of Chris Hemsworth's thor.
wicked good jump by travis pastrana
Too many freaks, not enough circuses.
everyone please follow my dear lil sister > she is very sweet, nice, cool, and fun to chat with
the four year old guessed Bin Laden. which was the right answer to her little brother's "guess my person"...
to me yes it was...seriously disgusting at first i didnt even know what to do i was just watching it run towards me..i'll wash it.:(
You think bringing him up everyday to me just waiting for me to say something is gunna work
thats really sad when shit like that happens
inbox me my g
good luck! Have fun
Why was the girl next to me in yoga class grunting the whole time? How annoying can you get?
be a great listener; It requires paying attention
at 1 am on a Thursday night and no connections? I wish myself luck with that.
not today....
let me know!!!!!!!! Puhhleeeze!
Feels like everything just paused.
Once again, I got cut from SNL at the elevator. This time I was third from the door! At this rate, I'll make it in soon enough!!
Awesome Staycool Fanzine #1 Review in Fanzine!!! DOPE!!!!
we do follow you!!!
The Senate Health Committee passed the #FamilyCare bill by a vote of 5-0 this afternoon, it's now on the Senate Cal. for Tuesday, Feb. 14.
was thinking the same thing.
Yup. RT : I think people worry too much about social networks, and not enough about the content they put on social networks.
We're about to get started at the Religion in the 2012 Election symposium at Rice U's Baker Institute
Because going into a deeper feeling of slum of what I'm feeling is making me feel better. Hi my name is Ian, and I'm depressed and stressed.
Being a female is a matter of birth. Being a woman is a matter of age. But being a lady... Now that's just a matter of pure choice.
If this meditation-silence...stuff doesn't lead us to...a concern for others, it is narcissism, not wisdom. ~ RKC Forman
Are you going to show your talents on tour??(;
I wish I could watch #bmorefail on my Ubuntu laptop, but it keeps saying "nice mobile device" and kicking me off.
And... Hamilton is back
We are accepting nominations for our 40 under 40 issue. Email for the application. Deadline: May 25th!
Why dose it have to be about black & white. We need to just get along, we r all the same.
#NF xoxo gm.. #mash that button for me bae
Where Im from the Dopeboys is the Rockstars.....
I mean they r both fake as hell, attention whores, and fashion freaks. Its a match made in material hell. Lol
it very much is a country song mary! not that little cage a fat ass elephant or joes big ass truck rental &storage
Good morning
train heartnet from black cat. I like his hair.
It can sometimes be challenging for kids who live in a condos, and designing an indoor playhouse castle is a way to keep them stimulated
Not all the way through, but I loved what I read!
Do you assign students to use twitter? follow 's talk at
better read the reviews first ;) I was banned picking movies for my house's movie night. Ha
Holler at me when Mayweather fights Pacquiao...until then I'm about to look at this #SUPERMOON with wifey
…and while China's communism may not force folks to work in particular factories, it does prevent organizing for better conditions.
My goal : to get to follow me !
It's cute when people who blame everything on either Satan or "the left" toss around the phrase "take responsibility."
So true
at least she says no. my mom just pretends not to have heard me
Then they drop this gem. "That leaves them a third down they need to convert stay on the field." Oh...
RIP Junior Seau. The risk of football is really starting to outweigh the rewards/joy of watching...
"There are three types of people: those who see; those who see when shown; and those who don't see." -- Leonardo da Vinci
I thought there was no I in team?
(but obviously helping repositories create jobs and get grants is the better solution)
"I like to recover from my meals with another meal." -Jonathan Stark Prepping for Project Managers meeting.
Don't lie to me.. cause that's when islowly start having trust issues.
I will re-post it, I found out someone reported it and that's why we can't find it :(
I figured thats what it was... Thanks again
I just listened to Molly. I would so date a gal in a pair of Doc Marten's Mary Janes right about now.
uf;dw did they get the name of the place right at least?
I wasn't ready for my first day yet..
In a world that's down and out...
When you knock, we hide, but when you honk, we come running out
Your move! RT : ok. I"m down
Well deserved! RT : And Adele gets a huge standing ovation following her amazing "Rolling in the Deep"!
that sound pretty…where u go 2 get it…i wanna get the one on my wrist finished
Thank you so much for your support!
50 lbs in 5 months? That's amazing! Congrats.
. just signed Voter ID bill, and Senate Education Committee voted to make cream puff the official state dessert.
december.17.cant.wait.
is better than me when it comes to not letting people phase her. Her "kill em with kindness" attitude is the best! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
yep! So happy I could get torchy's in houston
I just killed the stink bug in my bathroom with a nail file, Windex and mouthwash
#SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet.. Will that #SOMEDAY be now? <3 10
I love a good pun too, especially Star Wars-related.
It's REALLY good! But whatever you do, make sure to save room for homemade bread pudding or Berger cookie pie!
Yeah, whoa! I just hope it gets made at all, really. Affleck is a solid filmmaker, too.
What are with all these random creepers followin you on
Like I Said Talent Iz Talent Dont Watch Something That U Know Iz Not Goin To Happen I Got This Turner Field Atlanta Fucking Braves
One helluva game going on between #Caps and #Bruins. Man, I love game sevens in the #NHL. Too bad my #Wings still aren't alive.
Out with the love's (;
Go spurs Go!!!!!! We start giving away game a tickets for round two tomorrow on start listening !! Lessssggggoo San anto!
Come do a standup in my office over here in Boston. Come as Bobby Bottle Service, that's the only request.
Am I the the only person in the world who finds the Febreze air effects ad completely racist and offensive?
If the SAA EAC-CPF workshop comes near you, take it. I went from not seeing the purpose to being a convert.
5 days down, 2 to go!!
guy kicked my desk once...
saw IB on shake it up u have no idea how happy i am to c u guyz back on TV i love u guys! =)
even zombies are allowed to come!
No:( HELL YES(: love ya boo boo(:
You & are seriously tops! TY! RT : Slave to the #FF: and
cool haha but why you be working out your skinny?
Thank you for your leadership in organizing the successful Wave conference & 2012 Walter Caloca Open US/MX #Surf Competition
sending u a big one :))
I don't think he gone come see me lol
Taking my lunch, again.
did MC Ride really die??
There is so much interest in tonight's event #wawomenwant. If you are coming, the Wing Luke Museum is walkable from Intl' Dist. bus tunnel.
What's Your Personal Opinion About Me. && You Can Be COMLETLY Honest (:
So #whoyougot in tomorrows games??
Gurls always ask me why i dont eat pussy. Well , the answers simple. You are wat you eat. :P
Had a great brunch at with to discuss
Always give your client never less, but always more than they expect.
atleast i know ill always have to be there for me!
Hahaha I remember that episode!
Check out our new droid Application, go to Market place and search Alternatives Insurance let me know what you think?
#Broncos signed Texas A&M CB Coryell Judie. Good size an speed. Love his physicality. Strong in man coverage. Finally someone I wanted!
And that's the way it is
OMFG I hate that >.>
Folks how do I get a posting block removed? No help on the site from operators/mods
Number of short stories written: 4 Number of short stories I like: 0
Ray Weadock: "Cardiologists my age [60's] just don't trust computers." huge barrier to adoption of new tech.
good to hear :)
Im thinking Motley Crue for Super Bowl XXVI
Love Friends So Funny!
Now lets see who MAKES time...
A healthy 32-foot tall ash tree produces about 260 pounds of oxygen annually.
Seriously contemplating another master's degree.
Voodoo Doughnut in Portland can hook you up.
#NBC has 3 new shows i'm excited for next year. SO SO SO EXCITED. #NewNormal #GoOn #DownwardlyMobile Life is just awesome, you know?
Well we are our own worst critics!
Here is where my problem lies (you too maybe) - Forums - Diablo I: It is that deep down, I really just want a Diablo II with better...
They would indeed. RT : we'd find a way to fit Anthony Davis in :)
The modern librarian: literature lover, computer instructor, furniture mover.
Today was a big deal for me I stopped smoking for seven hours dam that's an accomplishment for me
DONT WORRY THE VIRUS IS GONE
Act like a lady, think like a man <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
just preached us into an another dimension!
beautiful! And I am loving the wavy locks you have, doll!
YAY it works ! ... In the bathroom tho , Oh well
Docs for this bank says they support "Bisynchronous (2780/3780), SNA (3770), Asynchronous (x-modem, z-modem, Kermit), and TCP/IP."
I hope the team at #tdwg will have a (safe) good time in the Big Easy. Say hello to everyone for me.
Its beautiful outside :)
Tired after getting up so early to watch royal wedding!
I can do that :-) I don't have "work" Sunday or Tuesday. Maybe a movie date? I want to know who their wedding was. Lol.
Can any of my friends help me out with making copies.... My HP printer can't handle what I need to do...
If I had to grade this much year round I would weigh 600 pounds.
May 18th I'm playing in Fresno! Will you be around?
yeah i like their stuff its so heavy it's like the bands i listen to but in a punk version haha
to be honest I scare my self instead of riding the hill out, and its completely my fault I fall.. Merp. :( oh well I get better(':
I think it was the Apple product that uploaded it causing all the problems
i'm at LAX too!
One on One/Hall & Oates
Yeah same here.
Watching #It'sabradbradworld and can't stop laughing! He is hilarious! :)))))))
Music on blast >>>>>>>> chilling with friends getting ready to go out though :)
#thankateacher 30th CA Day of Teachers: teacher quality depends on citizenry that values education & provides resources needed 2 support it.
all Rodgers can get out of a preseason game is a concussion
wow, is it friday already?! thank you! and !
stupid devils lol
Agreed! can dish it out, but he can also take it. Glad we have him to kick around, and vice versa :)
sounds like my ideal evening!
thanks for the follow
I saw that! Not sure logistics of getting it in and out but I think I could figure it out! :)
"A happy life consists not in the absence, but in the mastery of hardships..."
be careful what you ask for. luckily, you don't work at walmart, so the chances are slimmer. slimmer.
What up boy
Aww.... is on the radio here in GA. Good memories :)
PLONK! Happy Mothers Day!!!
Its almost birthday!:)
Okay TX, you ready for my last start in a Rangers uniform? At home, no less. Don't say I never did nothing for you. I'm bringing it tonight.
#May1Pdx student march now at #CityHall - reports of as many as 300 in group. #BikeSwarm now in the mix too
Bauserman yet again is killing this team
if you don't answer at least one of 's questions i'm writing a complain letter to someone idk something but she loves u
wayne's garbage. I'm all up on that maserati mo swag.
there's a lot of old pictures of him :3
do it! that recipe was so easy. Thank you guys for putting that epic cookbook together!
RT : New for next season: soccer season tix. Look for them & hoops season tix on sale this
Bailey Has A Girlfriend !! Well I'm Happy For Her, She Is A VERY Lucky Gurll!
lol yea cool guy cool guy (haitian voice)
So can we be that sexy english teacher you always wished you had?
at least it's payday:D
Lady in row behind me has her ugly bare feet up on the chair next to me...
I'm a huge fan of and Many many more
I am in complete shock. You gotta wonder who are these guys?
let me know if you need a mix for that record man man...
Shawty sent a twitpic said come and get this lol(:
: We were so close.
thank u soo much for getting it <333
#oomf just played me
Vons has a sale on magnums !
Like seriously, let me screw up on my own. I'm going to have to find out on my own sometime. Don't sit here and sugar coat it for me.
…Not hating. Burning Man projects are products, turned to 11. Could easily have a day of talks on just this.
Why the fuck is Ashton Kutcher news following me? I don't think I've ever once tweeted about him...besides this tweet
Our skin needs to breathe freely as it is a breathing, living organ that regularly moves thousands of skin cells each day.
Hey #SmallFryArmy! Who's ready for the #SuperBowl tonight? #BigBlueAllin ! I'm Ready!! xoxox
RT : We just hit 47M users!
what are we doing in Judaics?
that's what's up, keep doing your thing!! Positive energy keep it up.....
Please ignore the screaming girl left off at school. It's just another one of those mornings when being home with mom sounds wonderful.
beaver beer!
is he trying to sell you stuff?
We should get the trending, so that could help them win! ahah GO BULLS.
Love it!! Our Neckerman summer volleyball team is called the Neckerman Bunch! How did you make this pic??
I am often moved to waffle! Cardamom waffles are my favorite.
#homeforthesummer happy and bummed
At lake worth sub station
Cant Resist The Urge, Bouta Attempt To Get Wasted Tonight
In Music Meeting- Sleigh Bells “Tell Em” This is growing on me, I’m liking all the noise a little more
Hey friends. What's your favorite Christmas tradition?
Funny how when you watch a tv without HD you can totally c the difference!! wow! It's huge!
lol! The lusty, bitchy cleveland indians owner from 'Major League' is my role model.
Just wanted to pass on a big F-U to the local government of Oakland, CA in regards to their actions last night. No excuse for that response!
Can someone recommend a good fiction editor?
My 26 year old brother is 5'11" and weighs 155 pounds. How.
CNN reporting mass suicides on Broad street in Philadelphia.
sorry Cook fans I don't think that will be a hit
Im pretty sure every girl has had teardrops on my guitar as their theme song
To quote "We have a socialist in the basement."
I Love The Fact That We Onda Same Page ; Cuhs I Don't Give Uh Fuck Either ! ;)
.'s CHAINED is on shelves today. For what it's worth, this spring title comes with Mr. Hankins's highest recommendations!
whatch out for the killers lol
"I'm a hungry children."
My boyfriend legitimately just beat me.
lame nigga b
On the last episode of
500 million dollars can't even change the fact that your personality has been and always will be pure shit.
awww its cause you're amazing! #igotyoursandwich ;)
Hey guys! 72 people already following me! help me get to a 100! i love you guys! its time i give them shoutouts!
Great beach day!
Thanks for the RT :)
follow us back please?
Gallery 114 will be closed tomorrow, Sunday, April 8.
Good morning! My only chance of saying that before it was your afternoon .
haha omg right!!!
The Liquor Authority recently sponsored a bill that would give new restaurant and bar owners a temporary permit right away.
Great exploring rotterdam. Hotel new york for lunch, water taxi, cube houses and best was spending time with a great friend.
To the girl at school trying to be a #hipster you look like the thrift store exploded.
Hook'em Texas Longhorns
i honestly need to stop procrastinating.
if your enemy is self-destructing, the best thing to do is let him. By opening his mouth, Carney just made Paul's stunt legit.
Great seeing you and Rick at the Tribeca screening this wknd. It made my night!
Dave Miller open jam with Rick Holmes, Andrew Wilson & Friends at Spirits Thursday January 26th 8PM
you are part of Wvum! We love you!
Mahalo and thanks for the mention - glad you enjoyed the event....and the food!
love the new video!!!
And here I was thinking you just were mad at me.
Thomas the tank engine? How cute! :)
Nice to meet you EvaSoul. I just followed! Thx Peter! *muah* Hugs WomenOnWax!
Red sox play Cleveland tonight at Fenway park. Home field advantage Let's hope they sweep Cleveland
"If you ask me how im doing, I would say Im doing just fine. I would lie and say that you're not on my mind"
that's an amazing story Theo Tom! That car was a beauty!
We're bringing something neu to Memphis! Patio launch on 4/19: sig. cocktail, cigars, Rat Pack theme! RSVP @
“ S/O to all my new follower #especially ” = ]
Late to college again because no car would stop to let me cross the friggin road -.-
You bet we will
Damn i can't fuk w/ and the rest of the #BANDiiTFAM” gotta hit da studio... I got you next time me and the crew
Emphasis on selling #MonsterEnergy into bar/taverns!
Dont know what the move is for today
Well said. RT : If I order something from u online don't punish me w catalogs to my home. I clearly know how to reach you.
Yes, if the format is professionally done it will allow you to stand out to companies. Have to be careful on how it is done!
"I feel like I'm in The Matrix" -Classic Ditty
it does, doesn't it? “: Orange juice tastes funny without vodka.”
will be screening at the 2011 Hell's Kitchen Film Festival.
Want and to know and I watch them every morning, and our coworkers now refer to us as Hoda & Kath!
I hate my little chair my bag doesn't fit -.-
Per , the name of my autobiography will be "Scared but Intrigued".
We'll bring back "Let's Get into the News!" tonight as a tribute to our favorite listener and Hot Babe.
Event tip of the day: when you're starting the planning process for your wedding, set up a firm budget. You or a planner can make it work!
I like the term hypercoordination to describe that.
I will be curious to hear your thoughts on using it and what you think needs improvement or is amazing
Q: What is a spring fashion item you plan to splurge on?
Dale Jr. on Talladega: "I feel my confidence goes up when I come up here."
I don't wanna wait for my food to cold, it tastes better when it's hot. I wanna eat my food now!
Hundreds of independent features are produced each year. Join the WFA celebrate the sharpest most original ones. Just 27 days to go.
on the hair since its a short dress i would go with a updo or straighten it.
Nice preso on computational thinking by Peter Lee and co. Golan Levin was particularly good with his Art and Code talk. <\ #facsum >
speaking of friends, oh i am SO HAPPY for & !!! what a heavenly dream team!!!
nigga I said where yo black ass at
I dunno o3o HOW ABOUT MY FAVORITE SINGER CHRISTINA GRIMMIE?
Can't get to bed.have to play in less than 7 hours.eh,we'll see how this goes.
i should get out of the opera house around 10:30. keep me posted on your whereabouts. what a great surprise!
Can y'all stop sending me stupid links and crap! They're annoying. Thank you:)
LOL (: thank you haha sorry I didn't reply earlier it's a long story but I'm willing to tell ?(:
RT What a brilliant ad/billboard/photo - check it out!
We're back from our Clinic's & Conventions this past weekend. Everything was stupendous!...our Jazz staff especially enjoyed the JEN Conf.
Going hiking.
nope just lie to it so its there in case u wanna read it again later...
On #writing that captures imagination: "Don't tell me the moon is shining; show me the glint of light on broken glass." (Anton Chekhov)
I'll keep that in mind.
Its totally cool if you want to text and ride the escalator, no really it is . . just STAND TO THE RIGHT!! Thank you : )
“: Vince Vaughn is Favorite Action” masturbation?
RIP Amy Winehouse
did I read that you got into Howard?
Inspired by real life events in 1997, the release of the short film coincides with the Actor-Director’s encounter with serial killer An
I do love all you ladies smooches thanks for visiting!
where are you moving too?
I live in the center of Los Angeles, and I still can't make it to the Hunger Games anytime soon...
its the time of the semester where i literally dont have time to sleep.eat.or shower..
HELLO THERE!!! how are you?
Saturdays at SELECT LOUNGE (415 N. Paca ST.) For more info text or call 443-939-9135 for tables & DRINK SPECIALS
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 61
My freezer-vodka is missing.
its right by the gray thingy hahaha, omfg i hope they go and sing on that stage for a few songs,
Anisimov gets an EN. because he is obviously a lazy Russian and cannot score a regular goal.
Holy windy city, Batma-- *Phone is blown out of hands before tweet can be completed*
Do you matter?
New gigs coming up Aug 21st and Sept 4th. Check out our website for more info --> www.5starjazzband.com
The Links Are Up Just Register And WAtch All The Hockey Games At www.watchnhllive.com Enjoy And Dont Forget You Have To Register To Watch!!!
Wet weather ahead! Stop by for fenders and rain gear! Use your card for 10% off apparel!
that's impressive but hitting a baseball is one of tuffest things to do..hitting 4 HRs is sick
incredible! we provide assistance to the mentally disabled and i appreciate this very much
Of courssseee <3 RT : you know you're styling me for my 25th right?
welcome to twitter!
NEVER will i ever fake ! i live this shit out day by day ! ask about me !
If big foot is real and these scientists claim it is why hasn't there been any solid evidence. Just a way to make money
Thanks for RT Paige! #awesome day!
Somehow, I think I missed the end of the chat! Sorry! NITE! Love the new song! :)
it's nothing compared to the other empty feeling I have..
I got a spot that's good. I don't record much anymore. I focus on mixing to be the best.
In with the new, out with old. Check out my new site: www.calixtrostudios.com
Good morning young world.<U+2665> Noo school for me today!.. Because I'm sick ugh.):
Loud chant of "let's go racers" going on in Yum! center. Safe to say this is a pro racer crowd.
You could never be on my bad side. You would always get a pass -- even on those double spaces after periods.
Safe travels & thanks for mention! MT : @ pdx. Enjoying best possible way to end my trip to Portland
Thank you so much
"no sir i do not have any 'spare change' for you even though i am holding this whole foods salad i spent $175 on"
I like the fact that is cratering in his time slot. He is such an egoistic smug left-wing ass.
To the basement, people! To the basement! Many surprises await you! In the basement, people! In basement!
Don't forget that Monday is State employee special day!! Taco salad, burger and fries, or chicken sandwich and fries for $6.99!!
I was. I still work there couldn't pass up this home on 6 acres
No excuses no apologies
I WAS TAGGED FIRST, WHICH MEANS HE LOVES ME THE MOST.
please follow me! I love you handsome :)
What clubs/groups have you gotten involved in? Share with your fellow DK'ers by replying and using hashtag
Tonight'd be better for me. Just looking at the list to see what looks good....
Hope no one had 2 work as hard/cover as much ground as i did 2day; 2morrow could b= or +; i pace myself, take regular breaks, re-plan; study
Nintendo Super Mario Luigi High Five Baby Doll Tee
yyyeaah, i think that's the kinda of thing i'd wear it with.
This is the most productive day for me for a while!
19and the two went on until they reached Bethlehem. When they arrived in Bethlehem, the whole city buzzed with excitement over #Torah 21/99
Someone fact check please whether is actually the "strong man" in the mayor's race. I've seen do pushups.
I'm definitely going to Just signed up now. Excited! Hope to see you there! :)
It's not even fair (to 99% of the female population) how hot you are.
RT : “You don't have to do it first, you just have to do it right.” -
what are you up to?
Merry Christmas and a very prosperous New Year to all!
Wonderful! In what ways does it remind you Reverb?
Praise God for the "Was" and thank you. It's a privilege to share music and hopefully make people happy with it.
eeeks, we might disagree on who is number 1 and 2. But I still love ya.
Checking out for the first time!
Merry Xmas!
Thank You! It really is the best!
If you have the means to get banana pudding from magnolia bakery, you must do it #ridiculous And i don't even like sweets!
haha! I'm pretty bad about it. I just start thinking about something & zone out.
That other .56 is a doozy, though. Watch out.
About ready to see what CP3 does today. I wish my boys could sit court-side @ one of his games and see how gritty he plays.
Standing against what God has declared unrighteous is not being bigoted
I cant wait to watch movies and eat food all night with
I'm obsessed with everything he makes
KGB rode me into the ground! that guy gots some steady state power. See you tomorrow at 8 bells
No words can explain how.excited I am To find out who A is.
Love shopping at Nordstroms!
it comes on after Grey's
I want to buy all the clothes from H&M
My pleasure! You guys and gals are terrific! Best in the business...
true talk
Should I go shoe shopping???
RT : i wanna go lesbian SEX! !!
I hope you said that quietly, my friend!
Oh my bad. lol
you rock my world!
Finally. I'm exhausted.
hahah you was getting it in with that finger shot.....
#immvt is there a fail cloud hanging over my head?
okay my fault
Today is our 5 year Anniversary! Happy Anniversary Tico's eatery & juice bar!
Sadly watching my friend smoke a cigarette :/
That guy does the same thing on elevators. It's even worse if he's wearing a bluetooth. Who does he think he's impressing?
Usher Climax
seriously my favorite song right now.
I cant believe this... smh
Wishing everyone a Happy and Healthy Holiday season!! Traveling for the week or so; see you next year...
I need that lol
i followed
tshirt spotting at the cards game
Nokia 3210 ftw “ Show of hands:Who had an indestructible, old school Nokia phone back in the day? Pretty sure mine is still alive&well
Not found: a single dratted playbill for Wilkie Collins plays (ca. 1855-1877) in our magnificent playbills collection. Can't win 'em all...
Decreased interest rates may pose new opportunities for you! Reduce your mortgage balance by 13-15 years! Contact Erik today!
Yay! You got this, let me know how it goes :) And yes hopefully! I have two interviews this week...
lol ok but lebron is not the only person the team
i often feel that way about crewcuts. so cute.
Wow. Best night in a while. Thankful. Z.H.....
If you didn't have the space jam sound track when you were little. you suck
31st Annual Jazz Spectacular : Jazz Octet I, II, I, and IV (4/14)
Harry Potter isnt nominated for an oscar.Well now we see what the world's comin to
Wow, Randy just said something that made sense. And might have been a little bit smart too.
Hey #ABQ Come make seed pots for Mother's Day 1-3pm today at Alamosa Books, NW corner Paseo and Ventura!
Not at all! Come join us!
It'll be Big Time November.(:
you and wendy's smh lol
Like that randle???
It's gorgeous out!!! Walk this way!!xx,B
Next Careers: Job vacancy - Systems Engineer - Stadium 2, Elmsall ...
did you like the new cans or not?
"See, we plan ahead. That way we don't do anything right now."
YES STAY INSPIRED!!!
I got some man, shoot me your number
Love Naomi C's new vacay house!
Going to Charro tonight, for some great Mexican Food/ Margs in down town Milwaukee. I've heard its delicious.
Is it just me or does #lenaheadey look like a cross between #natalieportman and #keiraknightley?
By adding direct FOLLOW links to details tab (that has PR) we are helping more than from object page (that has no PR).
missing my fam in SD!
UTD A&H Graduate Student Assoc. Spring social at Panera bread in one hour!
Let another valet guy give me attitude!
why wear a rose dress too!
It's a popular item! I believe we get Dublin deliveries on Wednesday & I asked the store manager to order extra this week
it's pretty amazing so far (5 chapters in)!
sorry I missed out on the B/T wine tasting event, heard it was great! Would love to meet you in the next few weeks before SXSW!
Thank you everyone for the likes.. Now tell everyone else about us too.. We could sure use them likes !!!!!!!
I WANT to get you one, but I also want to hit the $346 million MegaMillions jackpot. When I do, an iPhone is yours!
VOTE FOR KELLY! www.controltv.com THE VIEWERS GET TO CONTROL KELLY FOR 6 WEEKS! HE IS A HOMIE!!! HELP HIM WIN!!!! YOU CAN VOTE ALL DAY!
There's cupcakes, cake and more cupcakes on the studio's food table. This must be FOX's way of getting back at me for watching CNN at work.
Average person checks phone 150x per day
- nice clip - royalties now
shootin in a human waste site, n some valve keeps farting on my gear
I'm going to be busting out my archery skills this morning! I don't think I've done this high school gym class. Let's see how I do!
my mom told me that i should start trying out for reality t.v shows....thanks mom :))))
Fun night out with the bros
bahahaha. Oh man. That's a great joke.
I hate my stupid phone
you need to see it! It's actually adorable.
I can't believe the farmer's market is completely circumventing Apple's App Store. Is that legal?
Is it okay to use selling Girl Scout cookies for 12 years as an example of sales experience in a professional interview? I was afraid to.
yeah, were's my coffee?!
I just had an interesting experience on bart culminating in me threatening to call cops. Lucky I love you haha
Interesting day in Wisconsin politics. I think the GOP narrowly holds off the Democrats to retain power in the state Senate.
friday is here at last! =)
will do! Thanks!
would love to intro you to spreecast. you could do live, interactive video broadcasts. DM me for more info.
- yeah, I thought that, too. Apparently Al ran out of dough.
Going to go and make some buckeyes! omnomnomnonomnom
sorry to hear you go. Certainly the best and most creative show on HBO in a long while. You will be missed.
I'm just weary of the accuracy of Fuelband and how meaningful "Nike Fuel" actually is. Plus I like being able to hide my fitbit
haha I know....
“One should never trust a woman who tells one her real age. A woman who would tell one that would tell one anything.”
Still not watching the Kings Speech
Watching the Big Bang Theory. :)
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>We also provide GUEST<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> DJ's. If your looking for something fresh and new contact us!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Old ass people that should be home taking care of there kids, shouldn't be at walgreens gossiping about how there going to go get high today
No, we just got our deck printed by a company online. Most likely with a shady website that looks like it was made in the 90s.
Happy Easter! Worked on my knit lace shawl & now getting ready for Easter lunch with my new Nebraska family. Miss my Louisville fam, tho.
ok can't wait to see it!! :)) u have a date?
Dear Lord, please let my mom win the mega millions tonight. She deserves it :)
I don't know what this means, but it's about peaches :
too bad ur not in Madison. Perfect night to mess with people on state street
I hate this mosquito bite on my foot
So impressed by the cast of #PARIAHMovie. A full black cast with such depth. Hats off the the writers and cinematography as well.
yay! Watch you not get into it ;)
Fuck all you guys !
Just shot you guys an email!
Sitting here watching jets game on this cold night
Thanks for visiting, ! Which flavor did you get?
lol I'm serious
hahahah! I lose my blouse!
Makes zero sense.
Firefox apparently lets users just _view_ .txt files - not, say, launch an editor. Resorting to annoying workaround.
see your a fan of Skin Diamond check out my new book with her on the cover follow me and click the link on my page x
Is that..Good..? xD I hope that's good. o; Omg, I almost typed god instead of good. ;D And I know it sucks! I'm scared of him!!
The knicks bout 2 go fishing...the heat bout 2 bust that ass n the 4th
Tomorrow is gonna be an avid coffee day...
anything for Zayn!
Happy Anniversary, Fenway!
I think they still work collaboratively writing and making music.
Looking forward to it!
BTW, I LOVE the game face pic! CLASSIC! You da man, D!!!
:) RT : Being back in Farragut Square makes me miss my interning days All my best to a great team!
maillist culture declines proportionally to number of users who respond recreationally to every thread
- thanks for the support!!
India is experiencing poverty,starvation&almost 200,000 suicides because of GMO's & contamination.Isn't it enough for you?
Santorum finally pulls out of America's assholes
Good thing the speaker isnt talking about texting and attending assemblys or i would be in trouble :P
Today in 1993 one-armed pitcher Jim Abbott pitched a no-hitter for the
Taylor Swift doing the backwoods country performance is a bit interesting but I still think she's hot #butnotinthat lol
Ready for the summer .
cannot believe I got no call... I just left Lincoln Park!
I love guys who respect you and call you beautiful (:
Thank you! It was fun to make.
“: 71% of Americans (age 12+) are NFL fans, 185 million ppl await end of lockout!” - dwarfing other sports in US.
Getting to the point where I'm all the way over school and just want summer already..well even though I felt the way the first day of school
Listening to the Mobile keynote reminds me of how I felt the first time I heard about blogs. So much change and opp out there.
Glad you like my website. I checked out your music! Sweet! I'll give you a mention :D
No, but that sounds amazing!! RT : Did anyone just see a shooting star in Germany that crossed the whole sky?
follow me!!
"my job is to get everyone on the Internet to want to have a beer with me" says = an amazing Community Manager at
Do not allow others to make your path for you .. Others may walk it with you, but no one can walk it for you
Congrats. Y'all killed it!!!
Minneapolis, here I am! Weather today reminds me of Los Angeles weather. Will be back soon.
Did you ever get my email address so we can talk about that video??
I cannot live without books. - Thomas Jefferson
#oomf is a real live fagg!
I have some from a #nasatweetup! RT NASA-developed low-density, light-weight aerogel inducted into Space Technology Hall of Fame
I don't approve. I don't approve at all.
Mentaly exhausted! Don't know how much more I can handle. LET'S GO #DEVILS!!!! WIN THIS FUCKING GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It is Friday!!
Awesome to hear!!!! Thanks for the great feedback and please let us know if we can be of any help in the future
Layin' here with my best friennndd :D
At LA Fitness....Go Hard or Go Home.....
haha! Nah..nothing like that! I've watched the edited video and it looks AweSome! My new video :D
I cannot stand going to school with idiots who brag about their drunken weekends 24/7. So annoying.
thank you so much for your support :) hope to see you soon !
Why is the S1 never on time? -_-
It should last an hour or so... Hope to see you here!
So sad I'm missing this RT : Packed house Newfront "headlines and humor" featuring Funny or Die, ,
yeah it's tough but we us Yankee fans of New England gotta stick together
Such a wonderful book! (Series, even!) RT A gentle romance that brings together qualities of Jane Austen and Harry Potter.
Way to go Heejun!!!!
Work work work
(keep thinking that thing over there says "trackler buzz")
I want to have a talk with him!
A GIGANTIC welcome to Terry, Brittney, Catherine, Brian and Candance! You all rock and I hope that you have a super fantastic weekend! : )
cont....LIVE PAINTING BY ARTISTS,VEZUN, DANNY ROBERTS,DASHA and MIKE BIGGS,JOESEPH WATSON,MARK T. ZEILMAN,PETER MENGERT.
we left a kick pedal last night did you find it?
Hahahah. I need a drink
Looking forward to #Talkn TEA!
Cause its been cause health problems for the consumers": somebody tell me why is YAZ the birth control trending -_-"
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and developing quality homes around San Antonio Texas.
he's fit.
I'm tired of looking like the villian.
Diablo i need to come to this store more often. Fine ass nugguz SHiT! Lol
TAKE ME WITH YOOOOUUU.I miss it&wanna go back so bad :c
You didn't have to. You don't think his outspoken beliefs have something to do with the publicity he gets??
I'm watching America's Funniest Home Videos right now. What a great way to wrap up the weekend.
And can we go 2 ? You know I need cupcakes RT I'll be in Dallas for Cinco de Mayo! Can't wait to go to
Nice article. I tend to think of myself as Type 2 but know a lot of Type 1 players, to whom I say "have fun with that"
T minus 10 minutes for the season premier!!
Super sleepy
Want to give you nose some TLC? Irrigate with a saline rinse or neti pot to moisturize and clear nasal passages.
Tried to rest but my mind wouldn't let me
You know what must be done
It's gonna be an upset yo! let the playoffs begin.
About to get ready to go get kay and then go to the back doctor
Prob not smiling about the Kindle Fire but maybe that will be replaced by an iPad one day lol.
u didn't even say who it was... soo don't get pissed,
Thank you for the follow, Shohkoh and Nalla
For Jesus, Grace was a way of life. We R so much better off if we let it be ours 2. Thankyou 4 putting this on my heart Lord.
I'm #LeHIGH of sum bomb KUSH
but that would involve me actually getting off the couch. Seriously, science, we need teleportation.
New Orleans Fried Pies -Apple -Lemon -Peach -Pineapple -Chocolate -Coconut -Banana www.hubigs.com
Is there a list of these hashtags you've found anywhere?
hello to our friends
Jamel Johnson looked solid. He has some good decision makers and players around him to learn from. He's in a good place.
can't remember the last time i was in bed by 9:30 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I hate young moms/grls having a half naked pics on f.b./twitter etc.like common you got baby don't do that be mature. That's just not right!
of course, u all rock. See you May 17 at 's CRANK UP THE CAUSE
How is #wineriot ?
says Friday and this weekend needs to hurry up and get here, I'm gettin' tired of waiting! lol
Prolly next Sunday RT : when is it
En rout to New Orleans
Is anyone else getting a barrage of emails from right now?
i have a quick question? how do u make an album? im new to this thats why im askin?(:
good morning ;)
I did it because I wanted to, because I needed to, because I had to, but mainly because you said I couldn't.
On FB - Coaching
RT : I live in Oklahoma. If you're 1/32nd, you're Native American. Case closed. Thank you for playing anyway, Scott.
Apparently, my students' pop-culture knowledge of King Arthur is they always win and Lancelot never betrays anyone.
Shane Battier sucks.. James jones needs to be in there
what if a women bring home another girl for both of u to share?
My morning started w/ a cab ride w/ a driver who sounded like Sam Elliott, looked like ZZ Top on Casual Friday & listened to Ted Nugent. Win
you can have a long, awkward convo about how the chairs are asymmetrical while i'm here studying, but you won't wipe the food off his face?
Hey, I really appreciate your advice on this. Definitely something to think about.
God!..#nickiminaj just got robbed by the #Grammys where is #kanye to break in when you need him?
I knew it involved those two. Remember when they were roomies!?? Ugly.
I really really really fucking enjoyed 's set at #SEMF2012. One of the highlights of the festival for me for sure.
If you had April 29th as the day returned to ? YOU WIN!
Stop before I get turned on. (;
lol, do not worry they really found a way to keep the beer cool and the food warm :) :)
I have no interest in it but it might be more accessible. Hmm...
the one thing Im not looking forward to this #brewers season is her. It's sad really and for fucks sake keep her off radio
Apparently forthcoming data travels in either a "flurry" or a "slew". More details as they become available.
The dude probably dont know what to write when Black people call out racism against Whites. The guy's scared.
If it makes you happy why does it hurt?
Follow my new page this one got hacked
Oh i mean its fine to just be nice...Lololol i have no friendss
You jagaloons! You're failures! Fail-ures!
What to do...
Having our 2011 board retreat today, very excited for the coming events!
"I just really want to make MY food y'know?"
The Little Boy Said ”I Havent Seen Anyone As Pretty As Youu Anywhere” #TooCute (:
he can keep up with me full sprint, at 3 months!
watching alex hahah
On the bus going to a boat cruise.
still loving ur music and loving u for being who u r without compromise. u r a true inspiration to us all...<3
oh man I love a good strawberry rhubarb pie. This is going to ruin my diet plans.
#Brewers playing tension-free since clinching on Friday. Comeback win 6-4 yesterday after shaking the hangover, now 8-1 MIL end 4th.
Crawling through week 6 of my class....4 more to go!
U silly! Hope you gig went well last night! TGIF! RT : Nevermind jerkfaces! I found it!
Amen Amen :-) Phillip Phillips is deleeeshh .
Hope that you are having a great turkey day!
yeah they talked about a vacation. And Cali did come up.
is writing, producing, directing, and editing my documentary film titled Masked Acting: Leading with the Mask. Happy Holidays!
If you come to #Carmel. I am not going anywhere near that racetrack unless I have VIP parking and access. LOL
I ask questions, :-\ to make cconversation, cause no one wants to talk!
congrats, man!
Public Culture is just the most recent...to try to bridge academic & "so-called general-public". Others are and
Just wanna be the one who u can run 2 when ur down, anything u need imma be there! ~imma pick u up when ur down~
Wowzers. Lots of new stuff coming soon for the Waldow family.
nothing really beats those textually inaccurate bathing Darcy scenes, huh? Haha! Still, that's the best adaptation!
I just remembered that I'm absent minded Wait, I mean I've lost my mind, I can't find it
Stay'd at the school for a lil while . Lol ppl Tweaking OMS' !
Time to head for gym:((
Let us know what you think of the sheepdogs! MT : that's our plan- The fox wants to see the sheepdogs :)
Spent a couple dollars on them...
Still avail. It's a men's Small, which is why it won't fit Kells. She wants the better-fitting women's Small.
Dental work yesterday and now mouth really hurts today. But tummy is telling me we need to eat. Ugh.
please dont be in love with someone else, please dont have somebody waiting on youu
lol get it boo!
Look at that!
Last day of high school and I'm wearing sweats lol ehh oh well (:
The guy next to me on the max is mumbling and making gun noises and shooting motions. If u never see me again it was nice knowing u.
... maybe a bit past time.
Posted! Sorry it took so long!! It's the web geek's fault! :) Well done though.
nope I'm at my mommy's with the fam.
Good luck to our good friend ELM PIZARRO today -- at the MSA audition today :) And Gluck to everyone auditioning!!
Mrs.Luis just told us chill the hell out.(x
DID YOU LOVE IT?!
Raymond Williams Keywords Culture is 1 of 2 or 3 most complicated words in English language <-2 true #politicsofwomensculture hard 2 write
sleep allows our bodies to REALLY rest and reset. When people say you canm start again tomorrow, its physical too
Why won't Obama do something about the price of Mike & Ike's at this gas station?
im really not <3
working in Union Square is making me want to shut down Occupy Wall Streets big yap. I'm the 99% and OWS is 100% fucking w/ my style. Blah
2 hours of sleep. Psha! You 8 hour a night people are suckas! What's your over/under as to when I'll fall asleep at my desk today?
I think I'd get island fever honestly. I like to peace out on a whim.
I love Punk'd
Noo noo it's @ uptown moscato life . lol , Thanks for the tweet (:
I want to thank everyone who has shared the journey with me thus far. Cheers to a quarter of a century!
drink with me in a park
on the #solarchallenge call. Lots of good info.
Watch a whole bunch of avocados be sent to Zayn in the mail now.. Hasn't he learned from Lou's mistake with the carrots?
Dear city of albuquerque. You really need curb side recycling on the east side of town... Just sayin.
haha for sure love you
I do but sadly that is not to be tonight.
Drive slow homie.
Hope you have a good morning, friend!
Who you are, who you want to be, and who you once were are 3 different people
I don't blame you chica; I would also sue Shaunie, its her show and she is an instigator on the slick!
...a big order w some of those dank, tropical varieties so they will be on very soon. I just brewed a big dank IPA yesterday
I know! Why weren't you out watching Sparty dominate? I didn't know you and ever separated.
On my way to . Should be a good time.
o well might go toma tho
On my way to see #onedirection <3
Amazed that after nearly a month, George Zimmerman hasn't been arrest yet. #Florida is so screwed up in so many ways... sad.
thinks leaving Sarah Ferguson's face paused for 45 min on my plasma might have been a bad idea lol ;-)
smile. cause my twitter name tells myself to so I'd figure I tell you to.
RT Note to journalists A market decline of <1% isn't "tanking," "plunging," or "crashing." It's what stocks do from time to time
Everybody deserves second chances, but not for the same mistakes.
Very very bad headache and sore throat if I even talk I'll cry now: i'm In so much pain my brother said I looked paralyzed
Work it on out God
Sorry Jimmy! Scheduling a Boston event in Spring is crazy tough. We're on both Sat. & Sun., so come for part of it if you can.
I haven't been to either- w/ my boys FAs, I know Disney- [both] do amazing catering to FA needs!~
Well there is supposed to be tornadoes along with this hurricane.. im sensing 2012...
why!? Ugh no!!! They can't control if u wear a toga!!!
Goodnight everyone! Sweet dreams:) -R
she take him to her private island and that is where Frances meets NaLee, she is a mermaid
Would be Garth's best move of the summer, but I think Mike will pursue head coaching gigs first.
": I hope everyone follows a dream at least once in their life time" I did last night
hey guys
It's gonna be a great week. Lots to do, lots to get done, lots of fun to have. Here goes! Also, pick up EP at tallymoore.com!
IT HAPPENED! I'M BORN AGAIN!
MT Rainwater on the Playground - Making Drainage a Play Feature
You just have to make a classier better smelling line. Still can do it.
hello bailey(:
AND SHAVE TOO!!!
party up.
It hit the back wall and bounced into some girl's hand. She made a solid catch
=^.^= Best Price Omega P36 Chrome Post 36 | Garage Storage ...
I created a really awesome tutorial system into that teaches ppl how to use it - wish more devs did this
Come home to me.
59 away from 900. Seems like a lot but i bet #mahomies can do it (;
Breaking Bad season 3, Big Love season 3, Sopranos season 2, Whisker Wars season 1.
Great win for the Bulls. Bench mob killin' it. As Bill Murray in space jam said "Lets go Bulls"
OK now I'm having too much fun. back to work
yeah, still there. Thinking about teaching preschool since elementary school job isn't looking promising.
Just realized I'm staying in a house with cable tv and I can actually watch the Baylor game instead of checking score online. Duh.
i only skimmed it bc i saw "Ryan Braun" & "HGH" in the first pgh... prob still trying to prove some point from last night... BUT
has a hit with the song she just performed. Beautiful. Loved it.
I'm Sleepy ;o
All #International #Youth #Basketball Teams...save the date and join us for our World Youth Basketball Summit June 19-24, 2012 Grades 2 - 12
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
please. I took hip hop for 3 years.
Police & virtual lockdown at the office. Alleged bank robbery and suspicious package. Bomb squad on scene. We've moved to interior...
Depend if your wearing your football pads or not!
Tacoma 6, Lower Col. 5. Tacoma DH Stephan Adams hits 2-2 pitch for solo home run in bottom of 9. Same teams in Longview for two Tuesday.
it's hit and miss, but they don't take crappy stuff. I found some good stuff there.
I'm dumb. Told everyone to share the wrong link!! www.terriblepeopleshow.com is the right one. Thanks to Amy for noticing!
Thank y'all as always!
again! You're leaving before the best part of convention even starts!
shia labeouf is on location on the GA #wine highway this week. Shooting new film "The Wettest county". Saw it w/ my own eyes.
No Kings? No Richie, Carterbum, Williams, Stevens, and Hextall?
Thanks for the follow back
Good morning twitter followers! Hope everyone has a great day!
: Mike Brown is an Assistant Coach.
Currently tracking progress across the greater United States via flightstats.com : map included!
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station..
What did one saggy titty say to the other saggy titty? We better get some support soon or people will start thinking we're nuts!
LOL the only h8ers out there are you and your family.. Your mentality is unique to say the least.to say the most.. you need help
your twitter is hacked
Dedication: RT : lemme know! I'll come down from central new jersey with 5 of my friends.
the classic!
Modifying "Fieldwork" code less than 30 hours before the performance.
That's awesome! I've heard all sorts of amazing stories and he's been super sweet to me each time we've spoken.
I predicted this a minute ago..So off to europe I go!
Switched from XP to Mac four weeks ago and some teenagers are calling me old-fashioned because I referred to it as a "Macintosh"
You're Welcome! I love video... i'm going to have to check out more
follow me please :D
“It is the nature of the strong heart, that like the palm tree it strives ever upwards when it is most burdened.” ~Sir Philip Sidney
All packed up, heading to Orange County for 10 days tomorrow! Any suggestions on places to go/see/eat?
lol. Same here
lmao jus say the cat for now on
Great night shooting cookie commercial
“: I don't think knows how much things we have in common.!” lol no I don't :)
When people automatically dismiss new ideas with negative criticism, it really puts a bad taste in my mouth when it comes to our "community"
Lmfao "you gotta be a good side chick to know how to be the main chick"
More Buchanan on #Blazers PG: "We have to find a leader who can carry this team on nights when maybe LA isn't playing well."
Yes, it's an automated system in the pumps that do that.
...you did great driving the 5 speed stang! As long as you can drive me to the hospital. That's the point! lol love you
fans! follow this new #mahomie page! we follow back!
Prolific? "I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason." - Puff Daddy
Guilty Pleasure:
Beyond free text messaging, there are more #XfinityVoice features on the roadmap for later this year.
whatever thanks for following me !! :) so come out with a show again my ass is bored !
Nutella makes everything better.
There is nothing better than baseball.
Why are my parent so stupid? ugh
Seriously. TV just doesn't get better. Spectacular! ABC is insane if they don't renew.
God ass weekend doing everything and nothing
thanks for the RT of that!
": #DonaldDriver Let's get this trending! #GoDonaldGo" Here, here
Biggest question on SEA-MTL trade: What is Eddie Johnson's fitness? If he's been inactive, no way he's fit by CCL or start of MLS. Big risk.
I don't know wanna be a bother
I think some Hawks fans need to get over the Coyotes hate. Lol.
WHY ARE THERE SO MANY FUCKING SPEED BUMPS?
Mgk concert in June :)
I'm bad at responding to most people...
RT : We'd love to ! ExpressCache™ analyzes usage for automatic optimization.
Broken equipment almost did me in, but it was still fun none the less.
haha, there is more to life than ftp :)
Back to shity of Hollywood:(
hi twitter
Oohhh... it is FOGgy out there!
Behind every untrusting girl, is a boy who made her that way."
yeah demi is my favourite singer ever also avril and taylor
yea me too I ain't investing any $ til I know it's fosho I already dropped 3 gs with Sam n ain't shit ain't take off
i've learned my leason and not believe what everybody says. people are just haters. i love you ........ AND
To enlarge or illustrate this power and effect of love is to set a candle in the sun
Women are equal. There's nothing to discuss. I think the problem only exists because we acknowledge it.
I hate when I lose the cap to my water bottle
Three b1g teams in the #Sweet16 with #msu and purdue still to go.
If it would help, we can send you a code for a free month of service. DNS.com is an all-anycast network allowing unlimited domains.
Just got out my keyboard after throwing away 8 yrs of classical training. I am 50. I think I'm hopeless. Theory is HARD!
Judging by the amount of laughing I do in any given day, this is the best place I've worked yet.
Hey thanks for the #agchat shout out. I am sorry I missed it!
“: Thanks for the #FF with these smart, lovely ladies: !”
When is the premiere?
Shocking Level of Influence Exposed: Union Boss Trumka Talks to White House EVERY DAY and Visits a Couple Times
I quit, I quit, I quit!
Oh yay! I have been looking into this as well. Exciting!
Meh. Too many other good places to try so probably won't go back anytime soon.
advice - HTC EVO Shift 4G - good? bad? on Sprint .... #advice. US bound on Friday.
FOLLOW MY RETARDED FRIEND WHO NEEDED HELP MAKING A TWITTER (:
watching the walking dead ...
doin my happy dance! Can't wait to see ya.
Reaction to arrests? Are you heading downtown?
That's too bad. If you were in The "D," you could have watched The Detroit Tigers win their game on T.V.
You might think I'm a lair but, girls want my wiener like their names Oscar Meyer.
More Thanks for the Follow to and
LoL by then, you won't care. My thirties beat my twenties by miles. :)
Crap! , I heard is trying to own the word "backstage" and take down ! Run for the hills!
dang. forget digital humanities, that's game changing!
oh, dope! How did you hear of us?
*lifting my hands off the ropes around your ankles* You tell me, Ms. Barbara.
yeah that's a shame.
These debates should be on Comedy Central, not CNN.
Predicting the next revelation: Barack Obama made up Bob Woodward.
The snow storm hitting the country right now may have shut down some Gov. offices but we're still open for biz & getting loans approved!
im in school
How is everyone doing?
Find someone who will ruin your lipgloss, not your mascara. <U+2665> ;)
Still upset and hasn't taken me on my date yet :(:(:(:(:(
In Class: <U+2714> Talk <U+2714> Sleep <U+2714> Text <U+2714> Play <U+2752> Study
that is just so awesome...not the missing but the meeting
Share the inspiration, motivation, and humor of these lovelies.
Men are cruel, but Man is kind. ~ Rabindranath Tagore
#libday8 taking an actual break for a short while to go for a walk, I'm here late tonight and have been sitting way too long!
Don't tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results. ~ George S Patton
#TerrificThursday have a fantastic day Grant :)
Free for All Friday on Catalyst Business Radio! Anything goes! What's on your mind? Call in... let's talk!
Senator Chris Back you ABSOLUTELY DISGUST ME
paper is done...and pretty damn good. cc
loved Contraband! Just seen it in Bangkok. Keep up the good work!
I still need to order Tina Fey's book! What is it called again? RT I <3 my kindle
had awsome dream last night going to make a movie about it. will the dream worte the movie for me just need the ending
Reading of my short this Saturday. Message me if interested. Free pizza for all who participate :)
may result in disaster, but everything happens for a reason and all that shit, right? How have you been doing?
This is the life we belong to.
it is! Lol
So today I have encountered Ferpina.....
Swimming world champ Dale Oen dies in Arizona
...it is sicking how groupes no longer think/ care for the people they are to be reprisenting ...
Am I drunk? Yes I am.
69? never bitch u gne do me and im done
Tennessee, Georgia, Florida, South Carolina, Kentucky peeps: I can get you a good deal on a new wireless security system. Message me!
Good morning, Mary. I'm talking about Repubs and others who vote party regardless of the facts.
you are so beautiful in this dress. glad it sounded it went well, will tweet again very soon x
Nothing like freedom!!!! God definitely had his hand on us today. No matter how it was perceived authentic praise is always accepted by God.
Dont get compared to a bag of anything.
"What word do you hate more; nipple or clitoris?" -my dad. #wtf??????
Keith jones is now on Twitter!!!
we love our European brothers but lets have an American push us over the 400 likes. Come on Denver
TwiDems need a day to make a big deal about regressive state taxes. Romney pays 15% and then on top of that is state tax regresivity
They got nothin' on yooooouuuu, baby. :)
Flocka can you be my baby daddy?
RT Dont b racist. B like Mario. He's an Italian plumber, Created by Japanese people, Who speaks English, & looks like a Mexican.<< KMSLLLL
If my iphone wouldn't had fallen dwn 2 flights of steps, I would've been taken care of this document, now I gotta use this "scrap" smh
Hawt. Mainly gaming focused or more generalized? I'm moving my ass over to Germany soon, so maybe we'll catch up on that drink.
Hey, um Austin? I got a question.. Serious question. I just might die if you don't answer. Well, um... will you follow me? ;)
Psych professor is talking about the Placebo Effect, I’m sitting here grinning like an idiot every time she says “Placebo”
tweeting in haiku/ harder than you’d think/ slow in the mornings
This conversation though >>>>
This a dirty world, you gotta get your hands dirty.
Seen this nigga with dandruff in his beard today at Windy City Sole Spring Summit LMFAO!
Liverpool is up by 3 and it's only the 31'... this is a
So what will you be brewing?
Summer better hurry up....
lets go #orange! We are the number 1 team! #Cuse!
Of course!! Your website looks great btw!
unconventional #cincodemayo - early bird special dinner now going to see #avengers!
Busy afternoon at the car wash. But I don't mind since the sun is shining and it's Friday!
I ain't got time for bullshit I got enough going on right now so my tolerance for bullshit is low...
I can't even get it out my mind,
The Bulls don't struggle with Rose, you idiot. Quit saying garbage for ratings, you incompetent NBA observer.
I kind of want to buy that now.
oh yeah hahahahaha i totally forgot whoops... :P
Yeah, I ain't gettin no book from the library.
Decision time. Do I go to a hot yoga class this morning or continue on as normal? Haven't done really hot yoga in years. Bit terrified.
just took my house from "pigsty" to "guest ready" in 1.5 hours.
ha! Thanks!
you guys are so rock n roll
I love It's so nice to hear rational people talk about politics for a half hour every week.
i replied so late lol :] but i'm listening to cody simpson <3
Planet Earth, please welcome to the stage my goddaughter Ava Michelle Dixon. Born May 6th, 2012 at 2:59am. Congratulations Karina and Mike!
Happy Halloween! What is the coolest costume you've ever seen (or worn yourself) for Halloween?
I am too cause this one girl just posed o pic of it but it had someone's ele name under it :/
Born and raised from Tunbridge Wells, Kent and work for Sporting KC in the front office. Love to hear about the opportunity
We keep making it easier to stay with Hilton. Now through December 31, choose from either double points a one free night after only 4...
#sicem #Big12 BSB: has a seven-game conference win streak
That should read.....Why Every Team is better than Carolina.....
Wishing everything was different. I'm so tired of it all being this way.
But people surely shouldn't be celebrating like this though. Some people are sick, this is not an excuse to get drunk
that's a 'bellissimo forno' Chef!!
Of the more than 11,000 lakes in #Minnesota, there are 201 Mud Lakes, 154 Long Lakes, and 123 Rice Lakes.
Nothing is never easy to obtain but it makes it that much better when u finally get it
Do you have your tickets yet? They are going fast!
Even the man in the moon disapears
why? He's just a black spot in your life.
Imagine a world with little sleep..
Tami your amazing. I helped planned a few events you attended in Miami, You keep it 100% real and i love that about you. YOU ROCK
Yeah Right!!!
I will do neither. I eat people that do shot like that
Watching the documentary of #EarvinJohnson announcing to the world when he had
I just left
Yup yup.
Ugh. He has made some guest appearances in other Nick shows like iCarly. Thankfully, I don't have cable anymore. :)
do I know u?? No but youre there
Don't worry, I'm sure noone notices it with your mustache and all...
If someone hates you for no reason, you give that motherf-cker a reason.
RT : Advertisers spend $60 billion a year on traditional TV and only $3 billion on online video. But that gap is closing.
Red bull mx des nations needs to get their act together. 2 hours waiting to get in so far!
Praying for traveling grace on the road back to Miami.
Have a missionary friend staying a few days, just me a $20,000,000 offering for my ministry (too bad it's Zimbabwe dollars and worthless :-)
It seems like everyone is always selling something.....
totally agree, I need solid shorts to keep the comfort factor up.
awesome a good yelp review always helps the business it would be appreciated! Thanks for coming in!
I love creative projects with friends!! I highly recommend this!!
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself. ~ Leo Tolstoy
Re-watching The Wonder Years from the beginning. Still holds up.
LMAO! I look disgusted!! not very a la Julie Roberts in Pretty Woman!
Y'all didn't even give it a chance Bring Back Ringer
Happy New Year! 2011 was great. Here's to an even better
never had those :o
Come to #Museum Sun @ 1:30 for Difference of a Single Day Exhibit Opening. See photos & artifacts from Brit filmmaker's search for family.
really Jamie???
how can u hate a legend of zellda game u have no soul!!
Loving life! Hanging and slanging ;)
you are a true american!!!
- took the cowardly route. She was hired to do a job, but admitted she "couldn't". Wow... how unprofessional.
i never understood the slow speeds in school zones. is that so the pedophiles can get a better look at the school children?
We will be sending an email and stopping by real soon :)
hey queen I dont know if you remember me but my name is Born Asiatic Allah, out here in Az. Always do what you do, love you ma
Just wondering if you've had a chance to listen to The 1861 Project CD yet?
Thank you for the follow !!
Starships were meant to fly
that is way better.
you can always come back for a phd ;)
So ready for the weekend to be here already......
HIT ME UP ON FACEBOOK.COM WILLIAM COTTON
haha. I just can't seem to get my bearings
one of those lectures this morning that makes you wanna not touch anything and go home and take a bleach bath.
My concern with the county board of supervisors being allowed 2 redistrict their own areas. "putting the fox in charge of the chicken house"
What was that?
remember when a tweeter was the small speaker on your oversized stereo speaker system?
Yeah but how long have you had your Twitter? WAY longer than me and your only ahead by a few 10's.
Letterman: the only thing Chris Christie has vetoed = a salad
Kazoo's are making a comeback in Rihanna's "Where Have You Been".
good things don't happen to those who wait . . . good things happen to those who get up & get shit done .
imma miss himm..lol i wonder if he has facebook or twitter to spam his wall.lmao
bored, eating subway(:
You ROCK! RT : feeling good i saved a life at work today
Thank you!
-This song is about me, "all the girls in the club got big tits" -ah they are saying everybody in the club getting tipsy
#u2 ...amazing!
Hit us up for tickets to see us open for #Fuel with original lead singer ! tickets are going fast!
RT : Natl Media is all ovr corrupt culture of Perdue Admin but NC press is silent. Is corruption & abuse of power status quo in NC?
that's just the perfect epiphany.. thnak you! :)
Shutup Im a good cook. I would hate to go to school for it. suck it your never gonna be able make anything more than cereal
Akward moment..when it's quiet in your room! And your dog sneezes(: scared me!(:
Should iStay single or what?
Ugh, I can't stand the feeling of missing someone you like. Haha when did I fall in love???
It's just such a bummer that it's taking so long... see? I'm not a spambot after all... I follow you for realz.
STEROIDS GOOD! STEROIDS COOL!
don't forget about the Dallas Art Walk this weekend. the art walk roools!
11pm! Long-Form Parallel-Time Field Recording, Djerassi SMIP Ranch Woodside, CA Sept. 6, 2001 by Joshua Churchill
A1: Go scuba diving in Australia for sure!
I must have fooled him since I was carrying an iPhone!
Thanks for the mention!
Mercy Health
Awesome word of the day "blahblahsphere"
I sent a proposal via the woofu form. On "How to talk to a real, live user". I can do something else.
HI Louis! :) Fancy meeting you here!
What's your favorite restaurant in Milwaukee? Tweet us at
LOL! That's hilarious!
Through the love of another we discover who we are and who we can be. Love supports us to believe in ourselves. Happy Mother's Love Day.
You're awesome. -CV
Bad tasting ice? Time to change your water filter.
Can't believe it's already Nov! As Thanksgiving approaches, remember to think about donating to your local food banks.
Scott Caan quits acting for professional wrestling. With tag line 'Caan u smell what Scott Caan is cookin!?'
With the statement, and sarcasm doesn't translate well in tweet form :/ Understand his viewpoint, but two of our co-founders...
: yeah, exactly. i'm thinking high schools' fears about Vulnerable Students On The Open Internet are overblown.
When someone can convince me Google wants good things for me over ad revenue via selling me, I will trust their T&C.
William H. Brown Elementary Banks on the Playoffs with BMO Harris Bank and Chicago Bulls &quot;Adopt-A-School&quot; Program
hey , interesting discussion on the Disabled American Veterans Club now at Selectmen's mtg. Town owns the club bldg?
I will I'm there a lot usually with my best friend !!
Great batterys about to die and i dont have a car charger. Glad i have my charger so i can charge it when i get to the hospital.
Pero, y u got a iPhone 4 case on your iPhone 3?
The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.
I HATE A Gal That Talk Too Much Like STFU -_- . . .
Welcome to the team Nikki Boudreaux, Ross Anderson, Jeremy Wood, and Derek Rhoades!!!!!!
I'm taking Dr. Dozier's course this semester. Great teacher and advocate for the profession.
Last day of classes! Thank goodness!
What about your friends?
Just remember that weather is no excuse to take behavioral cues from Heathcliff.
I dont get how people can take their anger out on me when I have nothing to do with why you have an attitude .
Mets beat the psychological damage of Friday's game, beat Yanks 6-2
Torn. In so many directions.
Meek Milllly >>> Rawest rapper right now !!
hey i miss you(; you need to get yo ass in TC later and same with
PLEASE JOIN US on Sept 5 for our 1 year anniv! FREE GRAB BAG worth over $25 with $30 donation ALL DAY LONG! WEEDMAPS.com search bella flora
How old are your students? Most of us appreciate a well turned ankle.
Jim, like your work/site. Looking forward to seeing more
ah finally its ready! por fin esta el video!
Is it bad form to look for another part time library job (and keep the part time position I have now)?
I've heard good things about expression engine (costs $). Padrino for sinatra/ruby looks interesting for a role your own
u got a copy of ya mixtape without drop on in
ah, thanks!
Good Morning! Who's in the mood for some #Barbecue !
Tuesday at 7am - Paraguay vs. Japan. At 11:30am see Spain and Portugal clash! We will Re-Air the Spain/Portugal Match again at 6:30pm.
You in your darkest of dark moments will never be Morrissey.
well. thats what happens when i run with old running shoes. I GOT NEW ONES TODAY IN THE MAIL THOUGH.
post only links to valuable content to masses of followers. If tweets are good, you will get more dedicated follows.
My back hurts so bad. :(
Gods plan is in motion. Whitney your greatness will live in Our hearts forever.
Are you fucking kidding me?
what are you doing this week to advance your career?
Yeah, I hear you, it's a ground floor office and I got no windows. No ivory tower, no glass cylinder neither.
BURN IT
you have to put it on tho (;
heard great things.
NO idk why but it drives me crazy!!!!
#FollowMe and I'll follow you back. I remove all people that don't #FollowBack. Thanks! :)
Thanks! We're always looking for feedback, so if you have any suggestions let us know.
RT : Aries #ZodiacPeople - An Aries woman will not play games when in love, she will tell it like it is.
When people some they're "thirsty" Ew.
Link works if you remove the hyphen at the end...
Love People & Use Things Not Love Things & Use People. To Handle YourSelf Use Your Head. To Handle Others Use Your Heart
Quote of the Day: Real people do real things, if you was real you would have went and copped a real chain. -meek mill
Could you please follow me back :)
So is this retirement plan of Schweitzer's any different than what he has been doing. JK. LOL.
thank you superstar cousin!! :)
sorry just XL but it is very high quality cotton and can stretch some.
Lost all my #Hellboy, #BPRD trade papers and Library editions in Irene-fueled sewage backup. Furniture, too, but…COMICS. :(
*Vehicle Artist* - wanted for a A developer based in the UK...For more information contact .uk
The grand prize goes to Congrats! You won a #MomInspired Gift Bag with iPad! DM your email to
I need 6months vacation, twice a year..
Still need extras this Sat. for #HomeBrewed #webseries shoot. Will be loads of fun, great experience & did I mention there's #freefood ?
We are here to add what we can to life, not to get what we can from it. William Osler (via )
Just watched your YouTube video...very cute. Makes me miss my 1st graders from last year.
OK great! Will they print in an 8x10 size OK? Won't look 2 grainy or anything?
Oh that's great news!!!!
Is arson a capital crime during times like this?
love!. im listening to zombie jumpstyle remix! it so good i cnt have ebough of that remix!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! love you Ryan. ur mine for ever
": fantastic! And I are plotting a way to move here to be with and " DC would 4ever change
Great-good luck!
This Summer There's A Lott Of People Who Not Gonna Be Friends Anymore
Shakespeare says "All's well that ends well". And sometimes it just ends.
Fitch just downgraded his credibility to junk.
Wow, that was the wierdest, funniest call I've ever heard.
yes? RT : It's follow Friday so... EVERYONE FOLLOW ME! (Am I doing this right?)
#BanBeliebers heres alittle information is our idol and people like him more than YOU! HATER! JUSTIN BIEBER ForeverNdAlways<3
walk around da block get yo ass shot
it will be several months for me.
LMFAO. I THOUGHT YOU DID :O
no I don't think we're friends. I'm not dumb
Is pulling up to wait for your food a thing of the past in drive throughs? I just want my coffee
I don't want to know anything about you.
... Sir. RT : i have to slow down my brain right now
thats cool, get some sleep i'm in class anyways.
In this life you've got I stick up for yourself or else... Who will?
where did you first hear broken girl?
I need something to do... Ugh
LA! Yo, I need like a place that can reprint some headshots mad quick...only need like 30...who has some knowledge to impart?
Pick me up every season of SouthPark and I'll pay you Tuesday, I swear. (I would, actually, since I have no time to shop.)
Do you think the U.S. gov't thinks we are Citizens with God Given Unalienable Rights - or do they just consider us to be serfs now?
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 3
lmao what you said cuz, or like it can't happen to them.
yea girl love u and them :) had a blast .
Thank God for making me funny.
Microsoft to Botmasters: Abandon Your Inboxes (Brian Krebs/Krebs on Security) #m$watch
Crazy proud of what we're accomplishing on follow our analytics company for the film industry.
The Max train may stop you if your timing is bad but only for a matter of seconds.
just to let you know I'm fine dear (: just had a moment last night. thanks for always being there (:
watching true blood!
#Wight. New adventure invented here: Frankie Pickle the pirate in Russia saves the day from evil monkeys am.
I ALWAYS have buyers remorse... Taking shoes back tomorrow maybe. The jeans & shorts I won't as I need shorts for work & jeans for play. :)
lol! Well you better come this summer for sure! <3
calm down bitch lol
12 more days of school. YHEAAAAA
we will make it up to you with some new tunes this week. Hope to see you!
I need to pee and my bladder is hurting. :-(
#COMMUNITY time!
Venue change for the Xibalba/Soul Search show. It will now be at Walters. Price is still $6 and time is still at 4pm. We play first.
Usability testing works well with just 3 user tests - the boulders become clear. at around 5 tests the feedback becomes redundant
: Congrats on
oh no! Hope she is okay! Poor little girl.
heck no I need a big dog! A big cuddle buddy!
I use to love Pharell song "Frontin".
This road trip would have been so much better if I remembered to DL the new BTE album sent me :/
People in pink cars: You bug me.
So happy for all the newly engaged couples out there (including my sister)!!!!!!!! CONGRATS! And let the #weddingplanning begin!
Questions/Requests used to be 60% of consumer interaction. With self service on the web, now 47%.
uh oh your game is scheduled at the same time as another; try again (code 57mjm)
I don't mean to offend people ... That's not my intention
The refs really screwed us in this one. Missed two obvious penalties in final 10, give us one that results in GW.
RT : Congrats Cupcake Creations in Penfield for their triumph on -Cupcake Wars. Way to go!
No rents for me. Going to the park, hmu if you want to chill
Wish I had friends that understand what I'm going through <///3
FUCK! I was hoping I was a genius and knew you by now lol
Elle Varner-Ghosts >>
quote of the night from Kindra after a sip of king henry "I love the way it slides across my tongue and makes it way to my cheeks"
I'm your local rep -- just left you a message. Looking forward to speaking with you.
HA. Doubt it.
wow thats a lot!
Improv writers for tonight w/ BLACK ARTS w/ "BUS STOP ON SMB" CHERRIE'S NEW MAN...
I need sleep. Or caffeine. Either way gimme a bed!
RT : 2012 WILL HENCEFORTH BE KNOWN AS THE YEAR WHEN NON-WHEDON FANS SUDDENLY "GOT IT."
Guthrie sucks
Working on some #cnfdntl shit with
Can you go on a DM spree!!?!?
Embla witnesses the last days of her #culture & survives the transition.She recounts the #saga to her #descendants in a most unusual way.
Absolutely,and when you love your people you try to reach out to them even when it's a challenge and not very popular. 1LUV
really!:0i will buy u like a million boxes of them just for u !:)that's how much ily
I only do certain shit for my future success is my only option!
Thanks for the FB! Happy to tweet with you!
where I've always been lmao I'm not saying where I live on twitter!
cool,how are u dear ? <33 how was ur holidays? :)
I love it when people text or tweet drunk!! They seem so happy, Plus its funny :D
Do yourself a favor: listen to up-and-coming artist She sang beautifully and meaningfully to a packed Red Devil Lounge last night.
Freezing to death.
Hey thanks! And we're big Naked Pizza fans. Thanks for getting us through late nights in the studio!
How TF you bored and you just got up? RT“: LMAO im bored”
follow this girl --> #belieberhelpbelieber right? :) 8
shoutout to the new followers &' !
good luck!
On my way to see The Avengers!
Thanks Everyone for coming to Winstons last night! We had fun! -BAC
da best tweet.I seen n you so badd
"Happy Birthday" to Shannon, 's AMAZING Asst Lab Tech. She turns 30 today but it's all good -- she still looks great!
A true friend: Cares like a mom Scolds like a dad Teases like a sister Imitates like a brother Loves more than a lover
Parents are going outta town this weekend. I should throw a #projectx type party. Hay ;)
lucky as always...air bud = gold
Can't wait to see you two!
I can’t believe I am missing at Watching House of the Devil at home by myself does not fill the void.
Off to the Denver vs. Seattle game. <U+E01A> Need to win this one guys. <U+E42B> Go Broncos!!
Sundown United will be doing an interview with us about our art endeavors! Be on the lookout for the article!
via : This is a great site and a wonderful way to keep in touch!
Zombies are better than unicorns because unicorns fart rainbows and that's just disturbing.
Blondes or brunettes?
Found boxed mac n cheese that's dairy free. First time I've seen this. Any favorite brands?
right. As kids will always get high, parents will always freak out
wow thats fuck up. Dude why don't you just hire another girl and have her beat the shit out of her. Lol
Shocked we had a good lunch in the wind... not sure why 115degrees is more comfortable than 25mph winds to Vegas folk but we accept
your confidence is leaving you on your own.
Today is my Sisters Birthday. She would have been 41. Happy Birthday Tracie! Blow out the stars on your cloud cake tonight.
Are you watching Nets from Indy? Why? Great Rangers game on NBCSN
No he doesn't, I'm not sure if Jon does either. I like the idea a lot though!
my feelings for u are way beyond this universe nd witout u idk wat i would do<33 ur the guy a girl wished she had:] MUAH!<3
LAUC'ers are a special kind of involved!
"Dear Delilah" - Grapefruit
just followed! Thanks for following! :)
Those babies can't even hold their head up.
Be our first customer review please, pretty please! ;)
Thank you for the mention!!
Busy day ahead !!! Have a wonderful hump day !!!!
Text messaging is an imprecise science.
good! Thanks!
it was Marlins highlights. Its like they didnt even mention the Bucs winning the game.
don't do it!!! I got pulled over for that last year!!
So my idea made it to the second round in #swroc but didn't get a team formed around it. Working on SkillsTrader.
great meeting you last night! Lets link up this week so we can talk about these ideas. LoL at putting Stan out there on Twitter
Vegas lights
Just contacted an acupuncturist. Absurdly excited for my first appointment.
Awesome to hear ya on WTMJ. Miss ya man!!
is that the sticker they give to NBA players?!
RT : bad bitchess like me aree hard to go find ;]
but we all have our unshared personal archives. Hence the value of #criticalcommons for another mode of collab
can it be tomorrow already.
Next time a chick ask "How big is your penis" I won't tell them. I will just say it can hold up about "15" candy canes.
I think I shall rock my MS State shirt at work today!
we'll definitely pass that along to the owners - great idea! #whodat #gamedaygear thanks:)
Yes invented beet and rose risotto out of desperation. (I don't know how to DM)
Thanks for the mention!
If u can't sleep then get up and do something instead of lying there worrying. It's the worry that gets u not the lack of sleep. ~D Carnegie
looking forward to ur album!
better than seeing you
“: #CAR #Panthers signed RB Mike Tolbert to a four-year contract.” great pick up for
Happy Thanksgiving !
Gunshot fired
Wonder wha she doing?
Tell students that they are "walking experiments" - they might begin to look at lab activities/procedures a bit differently.
Sweet god why is ESPN carrying a press conference for a backup quarterback? Why is there a press conference on the first place?!
Stay away from Willards...
They make the Foo Fighters play outside?
Loving D.C. - such an amazing city! And, really looking forward to the conference happening this week!
my pleasure -- it was wonderful.
"fuck it, if I do this half assed I'll have time to dance out my frustrations."
These niggas talk shit on facebook more than bitches do about niggas I guess they
sets an alarm for 11:30. Gotta make sure you get up in time!
if has anything to say about it, I'm going to go with "no" as the answer to your question.
A little boy asked his father, "Daddy, how much does it cost to get married?" Father replied, "I don't know son, I'm still paying."
And josh Hamilton hit one also for Texas!
best virtual brands out there? talk amongst yourselves...
My mom was like, look at my sowing bag, I look up & it's a crown royal pouch. Lol
Headed to Platform Hillhouse, better know as Hellhouse. Wish me luck, pray for a short job.
he loved me :)
alternatively, create GoogleDoc form for student comments while viewing video -> discussion starter.
Game of thrones is sick
At the rate we're going we're never getting to the airport! 3 more hotel stops??
But I am gathering story ideas. Now back to Chekhov and
Yay! RT : Defensive end Luis Castillo has re-signed with #Chargers, per his agent.
Put your hairy chest away chewbaca.
did u and your boy get the tuna loca tonight
I can't, that's just it!
Money Saving Tip #33: Switch to term life insurance.
All of these state voter id laws are really troubling. I guess it really is 1950
Adam Nougeteiri of course! Can't see the uprights.....doesn't matter. It's good.
Running on no sleep and I have to perform in two back to back shows tonight. Monster is a life saver.
till I'm done baby sitting
Food for thought: If Patsos had stayed at UMD, he would have been their head coach.
#Dodgers Matt Kemp leaves game vs. #Rockies. Could be a hamstring injury.
Y my enemies envy me got that from Pac !
Later going for a run..if I ever wakee up:O
are a laughing stock, thanks to Stephen Ross and Jeff Ireland. I envy people who don't care about sports as much as I do.
finally ikr...but I'm excited about it...miss u and love you lots :)
did you purchase your megaticket yet?
I love who u are ,I love who u aint...
“: “Oh please don't go- We'll eat you up-we love you so!” - RIP Maurice Sendak.” tx stories that connect me 2 my kids 4ever
Foraying into #EAD with a trial run in
I'm ready to get the suits I want a closet full.
Congratulations on your new head coaching assignment. They are lucky to have you. Make the best of it and have fun!
there is a bee in the studio. starting off WGTBWeek with a BZZZZZZ
it's a mad house
I feel like I'm gonna be sick.
cont. Rotational lists & how they're used will b explained in RFQs. #sdp2p cont.
That's "One" Of The Biggest Lies You've Ever Told.
I think Rios is worse the Dunn
Morgan was out at home. But we'll take it.
just finished watching snakes on the plane
I cant wait to do this Inception reenactment.
I'm not drunk tonight. Not one drink today. :)
RT : tomorrow I meet w the #LoCKSS crew in Stanford! yea for finding paths to collaboration!
my dog went to the groomer yesterday. ever since she's been walking around here like she KNOWS she's the better looking one.
Gotta love all day sale meetings that talk about things we should be doing but can't because we're in a sales meeting.
oh gof this is so funny WY IS THIS SO UFNNY
RT : A8. Once saw the entire business class section gave up their seats for soldiers being deployed
dude me too. I like that this one was more linear. I must have watched the US version like 20 times yesterday
Don't forget Finals Mania tomorrow! May 1 at 9pm. Bring your student ID for free pancakes and more!
Nothing beats just grabbing your iPad and heading out to the coffee shop unencumbered yet equipped to get real work done.
Wanna know who TonyTAt
Dead battery on the iPhone!!
I should be driving to The Lou for Arch Madness right now. Le sigh.
Nim & Nem rehearsal, vocal/guitar/tamborine tracking for Thought EP, Degeneration X tonite () - YES, day!
#OBU Stand up! Congrats ...It's just the beginning! "Faith, Focus, Finish"
I know! I used to read books on it and I swear we talked about it in class... Elementary school must be so different now.
The #SOPA protest is going to be insane! Planners include
We won our catergory at the BE2awards. www.biwtech.com for news on Best AEC Collaborative Application.
great idea
You still mean everything to me. You're just not worth the fight anymore.
RT : Don’t judge me for my choices when you don’t understand my reasons.
not a problem! Enjoyed the nice weather in #Philly this weekend -- hope you got to do the same in
omg i do! she's like santa.. she doesnt exist..
how'd you know it was gonna be so awesome? I think can tell the future ladies and gentleman.
Looking forward to your updates from
Also, my caffeine and Claritin haven't quite kicked in yet. And I have gum on the sole of my shoe. So, good morning! How are y'all?
hello from chicago!
I'm Teaching About Sexuality To A Friend, The Virgins Are So Naive! xD
Whats the coolest spell you can use?
So excited for the possibility of #interning away from home this summer; can't pull myself away from Craig's List.
Charlotte see you in a hour and a half!
I did not eat enough 2day, that includes Pussy. There's always 2morrow!
that's cute cause he came home to me :)
Bin Laden's biggest mistake: Not reading his smartphone contract thereby allowing them to track him. From now on it's payphones for me!
<U+9E23> míng chirp of birds or insects, ring<U+516C><U+9E21><U+6BCF><U+5929><U+9E23><U+53EB>/gongji meitian míngjiào/The rooster crows every day. <U+949F><U+9E23><U+4E86><U+4E09><U+4E0B>/The clock struck three.
At LGA waiting on my plane to Minneapolis for #aam2012 Looking forward to meeting other #aamemp 's
Putting news on the web, writing news releases... I feel like a bonafide communicator today.
Let me see ur peacock! <3 Katy Perry
Thanks! Too kind. PS - Thanks for RTing same!!
I wish apon that shooting star that I could find this dog
only way to get better in my craft,
True, but Gronkowski was a rookie.
And it all comes down to this. GO BIG BLUE! GO BIG BLUE!
I want a guy to sing me "What Makes You Beautiful" by One Direction.(:
Also if you buy 'organic' in a grocery store it means little. Still subject to FDA regulations.
#SmackDown yeah he did
you know there's trouble in Beantown when the Sox fans are booing their manager ....
Listen everyone, everybody has a fucked up bracket, you still got a chance!
I think they're too cute!!
What's everyone's favorite item in the Gold Collection?
pretty good :) Yours?
haha all of them!!
Nice work Preparing for CISPA?
So, the teen pregnancy rate has never been lower; experts blaming procrastination as the leading cause.
What did you think of it? Who was the producer?
Got 20 tickets to sell gotta uh sell five b4 da week over don't know how imma sell em all but imma get it or I wont b performing !!!
I'm pretty sure, given daylight savings time and all, that the sun is over the yardarm at 11 now.
Why do dogs get so mad when you blow in their face but stick their head out of the window in the car?
#GoBuckeyes and #GoFlyers. Hockey and Football....
hahahahah thank youu babe :) <3 but I'm working on the followers thing :)
#MLSScheduleIsLateBecause Garber and the boys are still watching the replay Tim Howard's goal.
thanks you so much baby!! :) my cousin LOVES her and would be REALLY happy if peyton follow me :) :)
As I went to bed at 11:15 that night, I realized that I didn't miss it a bit. I miss hanging out with you, though!
What? No Family Guy tonight for a Fox Anniversary Special?
Barca aide Melanie Conklin reports that the police presence outside Assembly chambers just increased significantly.
you love me secretly
Ahh, Im not sure if we have someone in that class currently but if we do it would be Maria Pena-Morales. If you see her say hi!
Getting my diploma tomorrow. Yuh.
yep even more so, that's what spooked me at first, that's why I wanted to go slow ... mistake on my part for being too wary
thanks for the referral to Gui at Atari. Really appreciate it. How are things going with you?
How to lower hc costs? Invest in #SupportiveHousing: the proven way to reduce hospital readmissions. Stop practice of #DischargeToNowhere!
Soured Clothes: If your clothes have 'soured' in the washer before you could get them dry, wash them again with a little ammonia
We're working on getting Tringled out there. Wish us luck! Know any good conspiracy websites?
it is because our window to win with him is about 5-7 years. could've gotten better at a different position thatll last longer.
whats up bro
I completely agree there my brother, and pour whiskey on pain! Glad to see you doin some REAL country!
Interested in our afternoon intensive course? Space is still available! call 703-522 0005
What's up with everyone saying they're "real" now. That's such a cop out. Everyones "real" just some people are douchebags.
HAHAHA, that's pretty adorable...
#FML left ny lunch at home it was going to be soo good to
I love talking to on over the phone. It's one of the only places I can talk about how funny a prez #Obama is...
The laptop bag and goodies goes to... !
Exhausted from a busy day. Glad to finally be able to sit an do my devotional
It's totally refreshing
Good evening...
Fluttering a little, as you flutter.
Last week to get your $23 tickets to Elitch Gardens for June 20. Enter "PINKINTHEPARK" in the promo box at elitchgardens.com
when a memmory comes into your mind every time you hear a particular song >>> & call me maybe hahahaha (:
": Wow, Allie.. That was pretty shitty." #truthhurts I have beer for you KW
What I luv abt following is 1/2 the time I have no idea what he's talking about...then i figure it out and it's even more hilarious!
Woke up kanina and I was like where is my bisita?? I mean yon naki-SO. She's too early kung ganun.
oh the horror. Let's hope that never happens.
excited for the caps game tonight...what can i say...i'm a fair-weather fan lol
Rip to an OG Nate Dogg! All dogs go to heaven
Looking forward to "Funny About That" with tonight!
girl I miss the prom!!;(
That article is hysterical. Thanks for tweeting it. :)
Ugh, realized I need definite pesach plans... Anyone have suggestions in the DC area (inside the beltway)
good luck in your next fight! Can't wait to see you in action!
I named my light switch 'Austin' because I like to turn it on......
Ok Manila is great. We r going to dress rehearsal for an installation performance called Imelda based on the tour of her residence long day
My head exploded after trying to make sense of the last life cycle diagram-- although that may have been the point
Do You Agree With Your Facebook Friends’ Politics? Not Likely [STUDY]
OMG what is that pic? I'm so confused LoL XD And sorry my HP knowledge is minimal at best.
Nap time
its mee! I still love myy ex boyyfriend but he was a real Jerk! </3
not yet
hey punk wyd
Throw me a follow. Thanks. Dr. Spanish
you guys are so amazing and talented! If you followed me back... I would scream and it's late here!<3 love you!
I'm so tired.
lol i have a orange dot on my foot where he threw a highlighter at me
RT I don't know how u niggas can sit there and lie to each other knowing that u had . I SAY LET'S CALL THEM OLD BITCHES UP
Isn't that what cable is for?
I'm only happy when it snows
thanks brother!!! “: Amazing job getting on the festival”
Girl I know...I am the worst Twatter in the world.......Twinzies!!!
Last summer, I escaped from an asylum. You know the three digits. Bitch, you better dial 'em.
RT If you like the Google sign for mother's day!
If you work for Telemundo you get a ton of Pussy/Cock thrown your way....FACT
seriously?! How does this happen?!? EVERY team LITERALLY every team I hate!
Looking forward to seeing you and your entire team tomorrow!
" I can't begin to say how much I agree w/this RT : If it isn't something you'd say in person, don't say it on twitter"
True. RT : Cleaning out/filing my inbox is so satisfying.
My interview at the TV station went off like the 4th of July! Your boy's gonna' be on TV! Details of when and where to follow my peeps!
no question follow back n check dm my email is
William A Raabe is explaining how US now has the highest corporate tax rate in the world and how that harms our economy and costs job.
electpavarini today from 5pm to 7 pm meet and greet at grump,s in tremont on west 14
Been catching up on bookkeeping all day. Almost done, but sure don't like the outcome! 4 months with no clients = scary!
!!! THX for the re-tweet and CONGRATULATIONS on accumulating 12,000 followers! That is quite a #twitter feat :0)
If you take a toll road to work, try seeking an alternative. You may be surprised that it is possible to avoid paying tolls.
on purpose :) i'm a big old organic vegan foodie now
did you see all the fake politicians laughing drinking out there dixie cups while children eatin outta trash cans
RT : I was honored to be with you tonight. Thank you for moderating tonights chat
Need for legal reform to end violence v women
where are you beaner dancing lol
There you go, Matt Capps has a DIRTY FUENTES!
About to head home and watch these games
its only 10 30 and u talkin about margaritas
Baby ! Baby ! Baby ! Baby ! No like Baby Baby Baby Oh
New poll shows overwhelming majority of Americans believe Mitt Romney to be an awful person. A truly awful person. And mean too.
shrimp in the pocket, bonzai!!!
which I think is a problem with cbb. Very unequal and difficult to break in for outsiders.
Keisha is so damn scary...I've never seen a person so scary b4..
true statement u tripping bro
you are sweeter =]
- You better have your homework done too ...books come first my man!
Just described a pair of pants as "big bird, in a good way" what's wrong with me??
I do tweet every blue moon lol
Do i have anger issues?
polo ralph lauren pas cher Lanzhou officials writer accused of ...
Things on your bucket list that I already did #127: Say "FUCK" on live TV. Twice.
If you ever meet them in person, my friend they'll have you ROLLING ON THE FLOOR with laughter!! HA! Hilarious! =D
I'm reading "Enchantments" by Kathryn Harrison and having a hard time getting into it, though I do love the subject matter.
Shoutout to for voting for my song!!! I appreciate that!!!
This is the year!
'Someone found a letter you wrote me on the radio'. RIP Donna Summer
Who wants to be our 1,000th follower?! Think of what you'll win: being our 1,000th follower! Oh, and #braggingrights at #HHawards!
Please follow me jessica! im a huge fan of yurs!
James Foster / Cincinnati, OH / web design & user experience / has a site at number 1 on teh google!
Oh you celebrate 4/20? Congratulations you're to trashy to have a job that drug test.
Marilyn Davenport should B made an example of. It's not appropriate 4 a representative 2 act in this manner. C my next Tweet 4 a link.
Why always Josh Cooper and not the ADS' beat write Dave Boehler from MJS?
Hey! Do you think you could bring the gauges todayy? D:
when you keep chocolate icing under your pillow for a snack
but now I have a kureg.
my dad said at least it wasn't "internal communications intracommunicator"
Having some tea and caramel digestives before bed <3
hey crazy lady. What are you filming?
Look what followed me home, ma! RT : All my union organizing family couldn't be happier, I've been follwed by
Just finally got that damn tick out of Kisha. Glad she's okay
“: 'ever fallen in love with someone you shouldn't have fallen in love with........'” Buzzcocks, right ?
ha.. no... its just HOT again in TEXAS.. even my CHOCOLATE CANDY melted hope u dn't LOVE CHOCOLATE because I ate it all. lol =p
You betta check yo self before you wreck yourself!
Fact: being hipster is actually so mainstream now that it's not hipster anymore
crisis averted! They are good again!
I asked for their number.. because they are "away on assignment" ...just playing their game back
Okay, I guess you're not an American.
you & friends(:
I am a happy drunk baby :c
Hey everyone please follow ñez !!! :D
i love the classic movies, the cheesy quotes, the classic books, all them that have old sayings
Ah that boy is mine was that song omg that was my jam
Libizcard experiencing tech problems. Will be taken care of shortly
Bummed I let husband take my car because I am craving fro yo like nobody's business.
best dinner ever. Gotta go 12 thermo!
hi there
What am I supposed to do when the best part of me was always you?
delicious delicious brisket
life is beautiful
"Hold your breath, because tonight will be the night that I will fall for you over again. Don't make me change my mind."
i'LL BELiEVE iT WHEN iT HAPPENS...
<U+200E>#2012WishList 4) Niggas that wear boots with cotton fold-down tops to them....not to forget to tuck their balls
thinking of you bernie. hope you get all you deserve
he's tough
of course!:)
3/3 at 5 pm Red Star it is!
im seriously the fattest person ever.
Time going by so slow
Would love to have a job in entertainment just wave the magic wand and get paid that's 4 lazy people work hard and get paid studio5one2.com
How can it NOT be that one time when Simon actually complimented
GAHHH! I don't know if I will be in VA or not but I would DEFINITELY be down
If you are in a library, I think its polite to turn the sound off on your phone. I don't need to hear train whistles or song snippets.
Y THE SAD FACE
25 days alcohol free and I am starting to see what my drinking screwed up
will be at the The Rock Shop in Brooklyn, NY this Sunday Night at 9pm! Come ROCK with us!youtu.be/HeQrW4o9mlw
my meeting tomorrow was just cancelled, hows your editing going?
Caterpillars stay in oblivion so they can transform themselves into beautiful butterflies.
RT : Heathrow unveils Terminal 5 satellite - 340 million Pound area will handle another three million passengers
They say your mind is like a powerful computer so be sure you upgrade data often and don't forget to dump your deleted items...old memory!
Evelyn From Basketball Wives Is A Bad Ass Chick... Yes Ma'am...
It's freezing in this class>.<
Hey :) thanks again for letting me know. It's ready...
has some amazing meatballs! that's our #meatballobsession !!!
I'm starting the week off with the endorsement of Local 1447 whose members include drivers and mechanics!!
Cheerful Shambhala Day everyone!
happy now
you're a loser.
Dnt wanna lose over no dumb hoe
RT : #LiNC Rob Tarkoff 1996 - Viagra. 2001 - Segway by Steve Jobs | It's hard to predict what's going to be a lasting innovation!
Quench your thirst with on 05.03.12 at the In the Art of the City event
wrapping up our first camp-rey here on weds. our students and teachers are awesome!
I'm not quite losing faith, just giving it time to make up its mind.
on a brighter note... now interning for Mares Management!!!
JUST LMAO! Color your world happy with Color By Numbers ... I will set up an online gallery to showcase ur finished artwork!
Positive weekend that included a lot reservation in Country Club Estates and a great time at the ! Let's keep it going!
The Rockies mascot is an animated, purple dinosaur. Whaaaaaaa?
Looking for Oscar <<< <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Your the key to my soul.
Ok thanks dear!
well crap. At least it was the chocolate?
wait she was a facebook employee? so, she's actually skilled and smart and chose to be the bachelorette anyways?!
My Saturday morning starts with fresh juice and bike ride to the farmer's market :)
Which food truck are you most interested in?
Your site works fine usin a Mac with FireFox.
team fight at Cantwell, the entire team and coaching staff involved in a brawl. Playoff bound Cantwell in trouble.
lol yeah that was funny. so how r u?
quesadillas and homemade tortilla chips =
The few, the proud; the coupon clippers
girl hush
very much agreed !
Growling becuz of someone named amber
Back is fucked up. I'm walking around like a pregnant zombie. I hate being old.
Here in Bible college learning about empowered leaders...
Enjoy a #lifestyle discount vacation $100 per night visit us
@ Warbler Woods w towhees, thrashers, meadowlarks, butterflies. pretty day. where's the roadrunner?
Help them girls find beauty with out a movie or a magazine
#VonChurch needs gameplay programmers w/ experience for A studios on both coasts.
I guess Kato is looking for a new place?
wish u got traded to cleveland. We can use a #1. Good luck in NE tho
To be honest I just want to sleep today. And I want my car back.
Love is like a grocery store apple: look all you want but you will never find one without a huge dent in it Nobobdys perfect-especially you
's "Sudarios" opens May 11 in Mexico City in , and will be on view through June 5.
I'll do the naughty things you like!!!
that's wassup, I'm working and get ready to go back up to NY this afternoon
Aaaaaahhhhhh!!! I'm going to Florida! #musicisFANTASTIC (it can take you places) ;D
Had a great time at #pm101 last week, thank you for letting me participate!
If was a #brewery, we would make a Kim Jong Ale. What flavors would you expect from this oppressive beer?
Oh, nice. The most evocatively titled book on my desk at the moment is "Midnight at the Well of Souls"
Summer school imma be on my <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> !!
and what else am I doing today?
Things Target Field Needs: A song about MN to play after a win. Cause U2 ain't cutting it.
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see - Mark Twain
Oopsy! Batteries at 10% on iPhone.
guess what!!
Cant wait to get back To WA and get me some XIPA
Hmong Village is a pretty exciting place. You can eat like a king for less than $10. A St. Paul must see!
today is my best friend in the whole world 's birthday, care to give her a shout out? I want today memorable for her!
Stephen - what's happenin' today in your world? Hope it's something fab!
Just caved in to peer pressure and got TweetDeck. Holy cow is this sweet! How did I survive without it?
So. tomorrow I'm interviewing a newborn. Hope we can both stay awake and neither one of us cries.
haha, because when I went to florida it was the best place ever, so just let me pretend;)
What a fantastic game! Let's go, Knights! RT FINAL FOUR! So proud of Two games away from STATE Champions!
Gov. Chris Christie "marriage should be between a man and a woman or peanut butter and chocolate or caramel and nougat"
Hey you all need any assistance over at Leaders1354? I know a young guy who's interested
I absolutely believe that without a doubt, people ARE being deprived by the absence of your book.
hehehehe omg wait chat me
im crying..... i couldnt figure out how to listen to the radio thing, i called 51 times in the last 5 mins and its NO USE! D'=
I can't believe I was crazy enough to take the kiddies to the pool again. Shoot. Me. Now.
Brotha its Manning Monday, I can't wait to celebrate. RT : We got this PM coming to DEN!!!
You bet Barry!
ROOFTOP ARCHITECTURE FILM TONIGHT. starts around 7:30pm. be there.
Nothing like a lil' late night circuit breaker drama, in the rain to boot, to get the ol' heart going. Not in an electrocuted way, luckily!
ASK ME STUPID RANDOM QUESTIONS!
Off to NYC this weekend with the Kinetik team: Chet Haze, Mr Brooks 3D, and Briggs G!
Oh yes, I've seen that look from Murphy Dog!
Flyline welcomes our newest client Elite Shutters and Blinds in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Thank you Susie for your business!
Already home about to go to sleep...
Make sure when you get the tattoo's, make sure you get them on the right knuckles(: lolol
Channel surfing for boobs
That's my song :)
Are you watching Dancing with the Stars ? Would you ever think about being a contestant ?
uh scary! What kind?
Bonus! The Marin IJ didn't use that press photo you hate! (I like the one they used, btw).
RT : World Premiere of Milkey Halsted "I Got It" F/ Tia London Coming up Next!!!!!
When a man steals your wife, there is no better revenge than to let him keep her. - Sacha Guitry
good one! It looks like he might have kept notebooks...have you ever seen one?
Are you a A Developer with Console or MMO Experience interested in finding a new position?
yeap, will do =)
Thank u so much ..lol I think he did too
Goodnight twitter ppl :-)
Dear , either keep me logged in or redirect me back to the page I was looking for when you made me login. Thanks.
It's What Would U Do Wednesday at the www.knowledgesafari.com blog! Blog reader Kathleen has a question for you!
Pets expansion pack for Sims 2 was my favorite. I made more dogs than people.
That sounds like fun! I love WV! It's so pretty out there!! I know you'll have a blast!! :)
hi how are you?
Forgot to mention John, Erik and I rushed lottery tickets for Wicked on Sat. Erik and I won seats but John did not. :( It was a great show!
I saw someone post it on FB-haven't heard a sound of it yet but it made me dig out their 1st cd tonight
Had a whole tour of 42 salons for the "Boost Your Salon Sales in 30 Days". One Salon Manager told us that he did it in 10!... SHOWOFF, lol
are you getting your mom anything?
argggghhh I wish I were there! Are these movies accompanied by live piano players?? That would be amazing.
Someone just keep me company so I don't hurt these people! x
Taken with a Canon DSLR
Merry Christmas to all, and to all a goodnight
I meant to say "lunch" not "lucy"… What do you mean initiatives? Sorry, don't understand.
Omg. Lol. I wanna see that movie so badly >.<
Good morning to everybody tho.
referred you to me for your Streak 7. Did you buy it in the UK?
Love wifi on the plane. But FREE wifi on the plane is even better! Thanks American!
Sure glad I didn't give up beer for Lent! Needed one after 13 hours at church
can't hang but c u tmrw
The two segments for Hour #1 have a bad link on today's podcast ... thanks.
realistically Sean Spence could start 10+ also, smart lb, who helped keep the u competitive against my 'Noles
Thanks for your questions yesterday... Sorry we couldn't get to them...
what do ya mean I've been on like erday! & th they were I was laughing so bad they ecused them of kidnapping a girl &
First I changed plans to see you ; now revised again to sell your merch. See you tomorrow!!
whats a pink dolphin?
26 days till field season.
no school tomorrow:>)
This chick goes for swag fags ,I don't have a chance. :l
u better be happy there is 800 miles twixt us right now....dear....or I would come up in yo sandbox.
Time ... It heals us spiritually, but physically kills.
Heading to set in four hours. Lined shooting script is locked. -JO
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.....
Ima be in Vegas Friday & Saturday. Anyone looking to meet up for a business meeting?
In my mind, what I saw was bcuz of that was, they couldn't lead. You can't lead if you can't adapt.
Motherfuckers need to shut up.
CBEADLES FACT: Christians shoes are mainly SUPRA:O
Those who find strength and courage to continue inspired action everyday after the initial inspirational moment(s) are those who succeed.
I Had To Return All Those Cans Of “Evaporated Milk”. They Were “Empty”
Thanks for the RTs!
Thanks Kelley! Can't wait to see you soon!
Thank you my friends for your RTs, mentions
been a dorm rat all weekend...just waiting for to get off work:)
The best way to be original is just to be yourself
Awesome fun day at the first comic convention I've ever been to! It's fun even if you don't read comics hardly ever!
The Buggy Board rocks! The perfect solution to not having to buy a double stroller. A universal board that fits most strollers!
How are my darlings?? Hope you're all having a lovely day! ~Xoxo Cat <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
And there's nap
At Cinetopia Progress Ridge to see if I can get a refund on midnight Avengers ticket. He wants to go- Nurse Jill says no.
an you lol
Thanks Steve! And thanks for not firing us from back in the day. I'm sure we deserved it somehow
You're the parody. RT : And now another parody account? What the fuck.
Um, Humboldt Park is getting a music festival!? Hipsters, what are you doing?? I liked it better when people feared it. cc:
LETS GO CENA...
I love it!
I'm happily single. - Paula Abdul
"It is not through dying, but through Christ's resurrection that a new and cleansing wind can blow through our present world…"
sorry! come back! I must have missed the tweet *scrolling*
Abiding.... always so needed and intensely vital to our life in the Beloved. Abide, girl. Delight is on it's way even more.
No one said the Road to Redemption was going to be a smooth ride. 31 SC - 0 HU FINAL.
Man who got a computer for sale or knows who to fix 1
happy Easter!
who survived today's earthquakes?
Glad you're having such an amazing time! I know you missed everyone! Love you tons!
well said
from the bx but been in the roc since 02 I'm between here n maimi. #wht up tho
Is a don't-scoop-the-wire policy for news organizations outdated in the age of Twitter? on.mash.to/tS19fQ via
I listen to LowStrung.net rock cello music for inspiration. Group is from Yale. This tweet is for fun....not legal info business!
Just found out that im not allowed in Canada anymore...Say one bad thing about Maple Syrup and everyone overreacts
I'm a firm believer O_o
I'm not the crying type though
I got a pair of suede Pumas.Within a week they were ruined -_-
American Deli it is. I love Popeyes chicken nuggets though... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> lol
stop trying to be liked and start being you.
I think is bored ._. And wants head..
GOODNIGHT to all that love life, world of peace sounds like a good nights sleep
fuck maintain boy i gotta keep ballin!!!!!
thanks for stopping by tonight. Enjoy the rest of your stay!
Andi Smith EPA WA: We maximize flexibility, wrap natural supports around kids, and let data show us where the angst is in our system
Seafood enchiladas in Red Bluff? I don't think so.
Now I'm glad you've got a broken heart, cause I've been trying to fix mine from the start.
hey good lookin:) how've you been?
Thanks ! Gotta love those #smalltowns! Hope all is well in MN
Congratulations to on the Emmy Host Announcement. It's about time they gave him the gig!
Great night of fun at the fair. Now back to work.
S/O to my new followers , , and Thanks! :-))
if that's what makes you happy then so be it, congrats!!!
I thought 50 Shade of Grey was a damn good suggestion
Posey is intriguing. And NOT just because he's a
I must agree. Research needed. RT your "mommy bloggers" infographic SUCKS and is INSULTING in many ways.
Mortgage rates hit record lows again. woohooo
I've been waiting for you!
go tomorrow so I can go with you please
Best activities for inducing plot point ideas: running, walking the dog, drinking beer. Guess which is my favorite.
Thanks for the RT and the follow!
An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have. The older she gets the more interested he is in her. ~ Agatha Christie
Let's do it, baby!
Same sensor as EPIC, just not as fast.
I saw you guys in DC so you guys also went to Richmond wish I went
I'll do all I can!
I have not-will check it out. Thanks!
At #OMMAGlobal? Visit Tae and Derek at the Meteor booth in the social lounge to send #ROI skyrocketing with
how bout them callers??!?
Nearly 1,300 people gathered at the Hilton Bayfront for the 24th Annual #AllPeoples breakfast to honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
den get off twitter
thank you very much.
So the latest idea is that Im working on a comic book.
What was her reaction? will she get one? or does she feel too intimidated by the new technology?
Deadmau5 Video Game Slim-Fit T-Shirt
Think like a MAN (TODAY)
Loved a bit of van nistelrooy.. Not sure he gets in though
Me & the Wineauxs perform at JJ's wine Bar in Downtown Franklin TN Thursday night, June 2nd from 7 to 10
Yes, yes they are!! RT The is just a week away....the next 7 days are going to be b-a-n-a-n-a-s
Thanks for the follow Stevie!! =)
I see, Layin low and outta sight. Days Cooli-o, me um where do I begin. I was dumped, over twitter remarks ha,
It's over 400lbs of steel hanging from one arm. The math and mostly theory both add up. I feel good about this.
I need to become a better steward of my online identity.
feel better Bug :)
thats the best bet! lol cant go wrong in oc
up 2-0 against the Yanks in the 1st:)
Join on May 10th - 11:00 at booth 5672. The topic will be Smartphones and Tablets. We hope to see you there.
Everyone I knew in CA knew the song. First time I've had group who drew complete blank!
Well my day has offically started! (: <3
Tell more?
Had meetings in Webex, GoToMeeting and Skype this morning. Maybe I'll get around to opening a design application after lunch!
we want some real gameplay clips tonight
New York Giants 14 Washington Redskins 14 15:00 in 3rd #giants #redskins #nfl (Via )
move 2 LA
Don't be afriad of the crossfade.
“Any man who can drive safely while kissing a #pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves” - Albert Einstein
miss u too!!
is that because the Rangers won last night.
Watching The Biggest Loser with Viggle Tue | 19 | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Happy birthday to my bruda zee man
People think its fun to pretend to be monsters, I spend my life pretending I'm not.(Dexter)
The sight of Don Draper air humping Justin Beiber on last nights SNL short was pretty classic.
Difficult to think that the Maya, with all their monumental structures, would reduce the notice of end-cycle of 2012 to a tablet or brick.
What up half day?
Katie Simpson (:
U gotta get the ground beneath ur feet partner.get the wind behind ur back and go out in a blaze if u got to.
lol not quite. I'm torn! I was leaning a bit toward the Webb...
Girls who come to the gym to walk on the treadmill < anything else .... Save ur money and just walk to work
Swung at ball 4...
. Your book is about a cross-cultural romance. So is mine between a Sherpa and American. Beyond the Summit
By far our best ice game tonight in a 5-3 L. Robbed a few guys. Really happy for/proud of my teammates. Gave it their all.
Sometimes you have to stop thinking so hard about it. Just DO it.
oh its happened like 3 times before...
I need a hug
I Love <3
Your getting a little too comfortable.
LOL, m. I've picked you up on the street before, bby.
Love the post! My 2.5 yr old is so concerned about others feelings too. Will I see you tomorrow morning at the Union?
"if you find something you Love to do, you'll never have to work a day in your life!"
RT “: Wow... People and this lottery...”
“: out sun bathing:-)” sounds lovely !
I hate you guys! #amidoingitright ;-)
RT : Dear Firefox, you need a WAY bigger refresh button. Sincerely, #wiunion Agreed!
I will right now(:
working with new drummers has got me all tired and stuff...bagel, coffee, let's do this!
social network thugnes is working for you cause you know you fear me in the physical form
I do, what style are you looking for?
Restaurant week! Get your reservation for Salute at opentable.com!
Pebbling at the local Boys & Girls Club tomorrow - yeaaahhhh!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 346
Lmbo, So when u talk to'em play dumb & act like u didnt see them call'n & continue on like nuffin ever happen'd
When tweets I'll probably scream cuz he hasn't make a real tweet in a while...
Good luck to everyone returning to evacuated areas today. You all are in our thoughts.
absolutely love doing that! it's amazing how many shooting stars you can see on an ordinary night
Ditto, man! Have fun :)
Dear Favre, you suck.
thanks do much! FileZilla seems to be the FTP client of choice. Do you like it better than fetch for Mac?
Damn I'm tired from this benefit
check out , they have lots of helpful tools and best practices to help with that kind of stuff :)
I'm second guessing myself...feeling like I should get a Boesch or Jackson jersey...what would you do?
You get what you give.
I have made a liar out of every male that has ever told me they dont give head.... But all this fool can say is you not ready for that...O_o
I think it's important to transition to a healthy lifestyle with tiny small steps like watch TV standing up or cut out 1 bad food per day.
Do you not think so far ahead?? Cause I've been thinking about forever!
aren't raspberries like the best berries ever?! love them, especially with chocolate!
If you'd like to call us, we'll be happy to get an order all set up for you. 888-937-6677
“: Sat down with editorial board @ Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. Good discussion on savings, jobs, future...” No where to go but up
Nice that is showing where the #Chorizo lawn ornaments still are at Miller Park
Sweet lil dude born a year ago today!! Happy Birthday tweet for
someone text me,i need new friends,everyone here is so shitty!
Hella people at UNLV taking their SAT right now.
Nothing compares to Dr. Pepper <3
Thanx for following! There's nothing sweeter than a daddy/daughter love. Expecting my first granddaughter in Sept.!
I dub you JR, cuteus maximus
G No man is worth your tears, and when you find the man who is, he'll never make you cry.
She rocks
AS WELL AS HE SHOULD HAVE BEEN.....
Best way to print is to select the cues you want to print, copy, and then paste them in to a spreadsheet or text document.
If someone wants to be a part of your life they'll make an effort to be in it.
Id rather a kickass weekend long relationship rather than a summer long relationshit.
There is a reason why Ovie doesn't get ice time. He's makes terrible decsions on every shift. Horrible shots poor defense turnovers.
I love Jazz!!
Thanks to everyone who participated in our Easter bottle hunt! We will be announcing our winner very shortly.
The Social Security Administration reported Security Security will be exhausted by 2036. I'll be 60 years old. Sounds about right.
In order to see the light you have to know the dark,the hardest part of success is to succeed from others holding you back.
<U+E418> He want that green light special <U+E32B>
I do not have a grade for my Twitter 2 assignment in Webcampus, but I got it back. Should I bring it in?
You a fantasy player? You should check out our site - instant cash prizes, weekly freerolls.
the most interesting conversations seem to start with, "we have backups, right?"
Happy Women's Day! We are so lucky at CWCC to be surrounded by strong & intelligent women.
Prepared all day for a 3 hr class tonight only to find we can leave if we're not presenting today!
Thank you November for a month full of memories. See ya next year!
I was told today "I've never seen someone with that piercing. You look like a bull drinking beer" apparently septums arent popular in Dublin
Sports scags make Hollywood darlings look sophisticated, and that's not a good thing at all.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. - Winston Churchill
What is this talk about a crown?
Thank you for sharing!
Losing followers. :'( fuck everytime I go an hour without tweeting I lose a follower. Fuck you guys.
oh no! that's terrible ):
Thank you for all of the awesome birthday wishes :). The funny part is that they all came from people I actually know and care about :)
thank you! How have you been? It's been awhile since we talked.
My parents worry about stupid shit like for a fb post about being hungry?
I'm so excited for the show!
HA HA!! LOOK OUT!!
thnx for the shout out! :)
RT : The bus will get hijacked because that would be appropriate.
Celebrate Spring! Making a chocolate cake today :)
Football players got cute butts lol
Are u there
yes please c;
Happy Easter to you too! :)
Thanks for the kind words and the RT.
i feel sad that you're watching it... dating shouldn't be portrayed as a competition between women.
If you voluntarily quit in the face of adversity, you'll wonder about it for the rest of your life.
An hour and ten minutes until
follow back please(:
k bye
Realize da power u have!
Why do Dems support ppl lying on tax returns re: how many eligible children they have so they can fraudulently collect child tax credits?
I don't need plastic in my body to validate me as a woman
dont give it to her! Hah and allen came up with that
you are fantastic! I love you
I hate my school.
This weekend I've watched some fantastic movies. My Week With Marilyn. W.E. & The Iron Lady. Loved them all.
Doesn't "reading my mind" imply I already know what book I want?
Does anyone need a prom dress?
I do need Bron to check Granger shit though
u ain't kidding!!!!!
I like to play tennis and golf
he hasnt text me back in a while, but i'll tell him
I love you more.
Oregon = mail in voting
T minus 23 twenty three hours!!!! Till VAY... CAY... SHUN!!!! Within the next 10 days I will be in cbus, san diego and VEGAS!!!! Watch o ...
only cause you learned from the best!
Before THATCamp, nice to revisit the Newberry where there is a day-long conference in honor of Kathy Conzen by her students
Burgers, beer and a walk-off win at
#wow I wonder how much of the $540M will be pumped back into
Just remembered how stoked I am to be playing with Before Their Eyes at Amurica Fest 2011 . - Taylor
did you get your id and keys from my sister? i found them in my back seat.
*raises hand* RT : By show of hands who'll be at the Tigers game tonight?
Can I go home yet?
Experiencing a small issue with our Ticket Reservation services and working to have the Ticket Reservation process back up asap!
": False alarm. Joe is a prick. Sorry wonder." That's what I thought asshole
Pretty sure y'all forgot but here's the reminder. Idgaf who knows my business. And that includes my sex life.
We are partnering with Seattle Fashion Week to benefit Japan. Need samples and will give photo credits. new Hair Mag UpDoZ.com coming SOON!
#TeamQinTheCommunity starts here in less than 10min. Any quality San Diego info you want us to RT? Send us a tweet & we will feature you!
wishing for a happy end to
Home from Nashville - wrote two songs I'm excited about, and did a bunch of meetings - excited to see where God will take the book!
RT : Thanks for coming to #ReadySetConnect & sharing your...
a perfectly good night ruined!!! wish things were better
Maybe God will stop them...in his quest to rid the world of evil and sin
UConn has offered 2015 PG Jerron Love. They join TCU, St. John's, & Providence. I fully expect a few more BIG names to join the mix soon
Good After-noon twitter!!!
Cool! Hope you have a great day!
I feel ya' RT ": Trader Joe's Dark Chocolate-covered Pretzel Thins. That is all."
YES, you can write "Marty is a butt-face" for all I care!!!
One of our favorite out of state venues ever! Thank u to all of 3065 Live staff! Cant wait until next time #there will be many next times
I love the hair ur true fan is here for u
Well of COURSE is the way to go - great beer (and ciders), entertainment (bands+circus) & food in !
U too. Thanks.
Today's K atty tip: Visit a review facility before booking a #documentreview in it. #contractattorneys RUN from projects in sub-par spaces.
I couldn't find a fruit tray at Costco, any particular fruit I can get instead?
I know when to talk and when to be quiet.
Thanks for the suggestion, Twitter, but I don't want to follow McDonald's right now.
Please accept my huge apologies but the 'landscape' images will be delayed in being uploaded - should be a week or so
so whats up..? (: hope you had a nice day love!
Thanks for the RT. Following the money is a good way to understand what's driving current policies.
fortunate enough to run into her, even :)
Im watching it too!
Joline Blais: it took me thirty years to come home, to Maine - describes background in permaculture, organizing, new media
Who would be interested in a tweet up?
#askdave will Austin ever come to NC?!
my mother is the best!
Tweeting every minute till 11:29
Most satisfying: Dogs breath steaming in sunlight - Winter morning walk.
Ryan Nyther LIVE @ Close Up 2! TONIGHT!
Oh how sweet it is to be a boston sports fan!!!
so.. what are yall thinking about Justin's tweet? haha
“You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.”
"In the Basement of the Ivory Tower" by Professor X #fridayreads What are you reading?
Let's go #Clippers lets go!!
What's everyone doing today?
RT: stuffing face at #wingfest2012” >> #FTW how hot can you handle?
Looking forward to it! We hope the weather permits an exceptional outdoor rooftop experience!
Sorry but I don't think the top two results from American Idol was fair. It should have been Jessica and Joshua. That boy sang his heart out
The "Welcome to Las Vegas" sign now reads: "Welcome to Hell. If you lived here, you'd be home right now".
Getting a cup of Joe'sephine! :) and checking email before actual business hours!
I hate drunken beer sweats. This bitch besides me soaked my bed.
We can't control our world and what it thows at us. But, we can control ourself and how we choose to react to the world around us.
Mary Mary reality T.V show .... I can't wait
“: i don't owe anyone anything.”100
As you wish. Is there anything you still need?
Love "Curing Indiana One Pig At a Time" Yummy!!! #gffchi So many great farm/local products
what to play at Sybil's Slack n Spin - any requests? Especially from Sybil? and that Lorrie's art show looks great at Mother Fool's....
You are so sexy
This week "The Old Man's Picks" at The Cover Two website. 49ers & Ravens prevail. Harbaugh Bowl for all the marbles.
Siri, you can take the night off because I don't use you anyway.
Omg just saw this really huge guy driving a smartcar it's like 250 pounds of dude in a 20 pound bag.
Poll: Is getting overcharged $12 enough to call and request a refund?
that #brewer clubhouse must be in a state of shock
I ball SO hard!!
are you ok?
follow to feel empowered for eco change. She is one of my inspirations. Seriously punk rock of all motivating women!
Reading up on #alfresco - the extensible, open alternative to #sharepoint with add-ons, or the poorly-supported alternative with poor UX?
Summer Fun
Figured you'd be at the Bowl #HOFStud :)
customer received inquiry about home he posted and syndicated on within 6hr in CA. Fantastic HD Virtual Tour and neighborhood info
New construction, remodeling or replacement of #windows or #doors in #Albuquerque or #Santa Fe call Jeff Reynolds (505) 362-0529. #Pella SW.
Had a good night & good night!(:
REFS ARE STRAIGHT ROBBING UNC ASHVILLE RIGHT NOW!!!!
Fired up Tip 732 open your mind & heart to others; try listen with compassion & connect meaningfully - it will fill you both
WHATS UP MY BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE FUK WIT UR GURL AND HELP ME PROVE EM WRONG...10000 FOLLOWERS IN 30 DAYS THEY SAY IT CANT BE DONE!!!! WATCH ME!!
gives me this rush of energy to do anything. I love it. It's my best friend. Go Music! <3
Tomorrow night we'll be debuting the Wild Thursdays PARTY BUS! A free shuttle from Loyola > Boystown > UIC > Victor Hotel!!
Solid pick. RT : spurs in 5
Have you visited the NAPA Employer Expo in 517a? Great time to talk with practitioners! #AAA2011 open until 4 pm
I want to #meetoscar this weekend ! I love chimpanzees <3 <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B5>
Sorry - My bad! Obviously couldn't type properly yesterday - also had been working on script all day. Enjoy Animal Kingdom!
I danced with Alex cause he begged me to(;
Did you know: Raw on USA: Last Monday, Raw was the #1 show on cable tv, beating all the NBA playoff games on TNT! <OVER THE LIMIT12>
You should never play with someones feelings
Goodnight everyone (: <3
Shower time ! Ah , excited about tomorrow !!
Taking a hot bath, with a pot of tea, candles and watching Life As We Know It.
IM BOUT TO TAKE MY AZZ BACK TO SLEEP!!! >>>
Hunger games, book 1, day 1. 222 pages in, and going strong.
Forget about losing balls... I just lost my driver head in the woods
Thanks for following! Looking forward to your tweets!
Am I the only one that's totally psyched for the Tebow/Lin bible study sessions??
And a BIG shout-out to the clever and talented folks in the UK for the #ff. Everyone go check them out, please.
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
miss you to wahh come visit!
We're off to for the Experience Snowboarding event!
See, ? That joke's pretty funny.
RT : Put It Down.
I want to dance to My Best Friend by Tim McGraw at my wedding.
&T Internet #fails more often than it works.
cutest little birdie ever!! A little shocked that ANYONE could be naive enough to wonder if it was real! My nephew LOVES those!
lmfaoo im almost out of this class then ill play with you ! ;)
Advise to runners: If you go from 80 to 0 miles a week instantly, lethargy ensues.
#gorangers RT : Fired up for tonight. Already warmin up in my backyard. Radar gun gonna read mid 80s. Let's do this. Go rangers
I just wanna be back on tour
On my way to Union Park for May Day march.
And I don't even need your love, but you treat me like a stranger and it feels so rough.
AMEN RA IS KILLIN IT WITH THIS FEMCEE SET!!! stream live at power983fm.com
I come home after An amazing weekend, and was told that my 17yr old dog had passed away. #FML :'(
in my decade long search for the "train" ringtone from my LG flipphone of years past, i finally had to mail support. soon.....
Finishing up Thrive Lunch then we're all heading over! RT : At Wausau Business Expo come visit if you're int area!
good morning ashley :)
Follow & || Exclusive Events || Beautiful People
Trayvon Martin case won't go to a grand jury, says special prosecutor.
#AskBieber will you be touring in virginia and what inspires you ?
" Grow where you are planted. "~~~Proverb
I have a cake is my possession that is the equivalent of a heroin overdose to a chocolate lover.
Eyes red as fuck
I Would Tap Ian so hard ... Lmfao.
Women will never equal men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are sexy.
RT : Matt - what was the head count at the celebration? << Can't honestly say. 15-18k? 20-25k? IDK.
will be undergoing a renovation. Renovations will include a redesign of the lobby, restaurant, and guestrooms.
#ChurchClothes Going Hard!!! S/O to that dude & then for hostin!
RT #Taurus don't talk their business to anyone.
Tonite was a great nite... s/o to the homee for putting it down for his album release party...
check out as well!!
uh huh. I'm looking at you the same way they did.
69 days until summer! 48 school days! we can do this!
Increasing social capital...
Appreciate my friends they are always there, u know who u are thanks for the support. Taking a break on the new release Rome,next yr man.
Of course I am going to vote for him. I also convinced 25 people to vote for him also.” thanks
Next up: Remy Peritz on EPIC FAILURE.
What's your fav spot in the #firestonedistrict?
Hey :D
Thank you to all the fab moms and dads who enjoyed and #thebigmeal yesterday, for supporting childcare at the theatre!
Gosh the cemetery was packed... to all the mothers to have passed away Happy Mother's Day! May you RIP.
There are only a few things that truly belong to me: Who I am, who I was, and who I want to be. <<===
Giving out complementary ZICO at Fiesta Hermosa!!! Come by and try the chocolate!!! Brand new flavor & oh, so god!! ;)
yeah! What do they know in their short years of life experience.
And all that I can give you Is an open door, All in all, it swings too lightly You won't beam through there anymore.
couldn't agree more! By the way. Luv me a gamerchick + a sports chick= greatest woman alive
do you belive rookie Yates can guide this playoff caliber Texan team the rest of the way there
Let Shlomo and Vito's take care of your Super Bowl Party with great game day deals! Call today and let us help set your party off right!
Girl! I completely forgot to stop by. Next time I'll come find you with the curly hair do.
Keep me in ya prayers please.
you will !! no worriess !
Anybody know of a great #car for sale on #Maui? My car was hit while it was parked on the street. Total loss!
If anyone wound like to send me love letters via email do so now... Talk to you soon ;)
i love you on tvd
haha nice now you can tell Benny says they used excessive force!
Hey boss. FYI, my unit in MPLS will have an opening for you in Nov....#justsaying LOL!
Dorothy Parker! Stegosaurus. Triceratops make us think of that pile of poop in Jurassic Park. Rembrandt or Rubens?
Iron Chef: Peanut Butter
to our new friends here on twitter, please help us to get more followers! be blessed!! :)
all recovered from cinco de mayo?
L.A. weekly calls FTGU "an unusually talented and seasoned ensemble cast" Come See "Getting Out" 7pm at Lyric Hyperion www.lyrichyperion.com
/// Too much Gucci Mane.........not enough Most Def.
I guess she got a DUI, scraped the side of a cop car, and ran from a cop when he was writing her a ticket :/
I can't do this all on my own, no I know i'm no superman.
god is in the details. v'chamat hamelech shachacha.
Do it. Then we should adventure to vegas.. Nick can play craps, ill play roulette and you and Mark can talk to strangers.
Indeed. You?
Hey there trying to add you too but won't let me
Its impossible for me to lay down without falling asleep -.-
Cena referencing the Pens to be relevant. He's a good face but man he's a ripoff of the Rock
ya just try out everywhere
we call our repub equivalent "racist with a parliamentarian background" in German.
Follow back please (:
right now my bro is asleep
To all mothers if no1 tells you today let me be the one...You are strong, loved, important & most of all beautiful have a Happy Mothers Day!
The kid my friend likes is moving down the rode from me.
Redefining old Chicago meat-packing district, aquaponics pioneers raise greens ... - Washington Post
Just so happens we are the SAME PERSON.
Today is awesome.
When the kitchen plays songs that remind me of ... (: (:
Don't play yourself..Let The Pansophy Project w/Niki Gee do that..poets..indie musicians.send me your hottest MP3 s. listen on Fri 2p
thanks I'm on it right now. When get the time check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
Thanks for the RT and great to see you sharing PBL resources!
I am about to attempt to pull a Setting up an awesome youtube account right now :)
Keep tweeting! Love it! I still have JB Mistletoe as ringer! :}
well let me know about what time you think on like Tuesday.
You make pretty things, that's for sure! A good designer in general is needed! Feel free to iMessage me. :)
this weather <<< better be good tomorrow !
Im SO SORRY Sweetie
PJ has introduced me to music I wouldn't have listened to, they've been there through good times & bad, they've given me reason to travel.
as usual your discussions inform - Rosen's comments open an important discourse on choice and Republican values.
you can do it!!
Hi Coree! What 70.3 did you sign up for?
girl, do you not know we don't love these hoes?
Great start! 54750 after level 2 having started with 30,000. Biggest hand was flopping a full house w 44 vs AK on KK4 flop.
At #TOCChicago, great job putting this conference together!
please get a chance to look at this tweet. your very inspirational. thank you for the stuff you do. please notice me & follow!
Sincerest sympathies go out to the people of Japan. We can't even imagine what it's like to see one's home (dream or otherwise) washed away.
Man...best sleep ever!
A2: Love Tiger's shunning of traditional media. Hate his antiseptic attempt at fan engagement via social media.
I can make calls right now
Good night my lovely twitta friends! God Bless you all. Mwuah
let me fall back, you aint ready for all that'
"Backwards compatibility is one of the best features of the Web and we wouldn't want to break that."
Plus OT too!
Thanks for bringing on this week, really love how both Will and Mari know the process of brewing
holla at me in bout n hr...we wont be leaving our place til then
yay margarita monday!
Happy April Fools day. Don't go to hard and get arrested
Awesome find! Also love the vintage twist on some of your designs. Thanks for posting.
in the house!!!
I'm not #OverlyConfident I'm just #OverlyAwesome at pretty much everything
Good point. At least he realized what he was doing was abhorrent. Unlike so many others.
Advertising, digital, and creative writing. The first two pay the bills, like the bills for my jazz guitar lessons :D
Clearly, walnuts are the brains of the nut family.
please feel free to write about it. I love empowering people to get their dream job. We should love our jobs!
Tell I said she got a fat ass!
Housewives of Orange County love the Andora 3D Molded! Tamra visits “A Perfect Fit” in Tustin, CA to try on our best selling bra!
Bike Night tonight at !!
On a side note, I do love me some cold, artificial apartment air.
The Westin has THE most comfy heavenly king beds ever!
thanks. I work on the use of food for war- and peace-making during and after the American Rev, w/focus on Native Ams. & slaves
#SXSW "Music is something I never take for granted" yes! soaking it all in.
Celebrating tonite in front of my TV watching IU basketball.
At the airport. Headed to Dallas for Delara Dance's annual Black & White Ball. Getting warmed up for the TX Salsa Congress in March!
As much as it kills me, this moment has to end. God willing, it won't be the last time I feel like this.
she'll be safe.
do you think you could find out tonight so I can let the owners know? And we can do it this Thursday
Not true. You just know not in love RT : In order for you to be over a relationship you have to hate the person you had it with.
Leadership training in the profession is all upper level training, not untraditional leadership role training.
#cxo The most ironic thing ... WOWing people isn't that hard. It doesn't take much.
too lazy. it's a up-do kind of day.
Late night seven eleven run <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>#badbitches Tehehe we' re so bad
Don't forget if you are a broker to go to www.in.gov/pla to pay for your renewal after you get all 16 CE with www.TuckerSchool.com!
I'm down! Can you FB message me the details?
RMG was part of CBSFreeFM. We stuck w/em since. A solid show every day, funny, topical, in the wheelhouse of a zone listener
I saw it, but dude I already use IG and for real I do not want to start all over again, it looks cool tho
then get this: china abolished time zones so in some parts it's 4 AM (relatively) and in others 9 AM at sunrise.
Looking for alternatives to YouTube? Try Shelby.tv or VHX.tv, which also provides video feeds from your social networks.
let your tweeps know how it is!
yes do so & let me know.
hey girl, not sure if you already know, but I've been getting some spam messages from your account.
Is there snow in Baltimore today? I don't see any.
Production = Gator Softball, Choreography = Harvard Baseball, Freshest Moves (Bernie w/ Toilet Paper) = Gator Baseball
Didn't think I'd be starting this powerpoint with a picture of Public Enemy, but here we are.
Primary care pediatric health centers embrace a medical home model because it's good for patients & families.
We will be playing with our friends Bombshell and Damsel Down on Saturday March 31st at a new venue in NoDa called The Chop Shop.
amen to literally everything u said I could add about another page but u basically covered it haha
It's a real Real Estate type of day today.
Thanks for the shout out, Mr. James!
Father : You are an idiot, son! Son : Of course
I think So Too Kandi...Love U!
stay tuned for info about DNA day at children's hospital of wisconsin.
I'm so mad has hardly talked to me since he left 5th Ave. But I must agree with my sis you did look great tonight
I'm not stalking you, you just need to stop putting everywhere you go on facebook. By the way I like the color yellow on you.
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Autauga & Lowndes Counties until 10:45 AM
well yes. That is different. It is now my home. Weird.
One of most beautiful hotels in world is Marina Bay Sands Hotel - Singapore. Thnks Ps. Lawrence Khong and FCBC for this wonderful gift.
Oh snap I did
Excellent! Good to see Mortal Storm especially breaking surface. Too many people only know the movie, if that.
I usually don't like dumb portmanteaus but Rombie is pretty good.
Question: Why did the band members allow the turkey to join???? Answer: Because he had drumsticks! LOL! My turkey day humor!!!!
RI takes on CA tonight in the first round of the US of Improv tourney! Support your state!
he hot
gets into law school and thinks he's
If I'm Floyd I'm staying off the ropes
Cristina and I are working during the voice will somehow kindly tweet us Justin's big news please? :)
India: "Hey guys! Remember the rule: Ladies first!"
partyy later in our plaza...go partyy parttyyy...i got the moves like jagger...:P
Dear kim kardashian, this is you without makeup?! Sincerely, wow I didn't even recognize you! :0 mylikes
GREATEST THING EVER
no pics till it's on site. This Thursday or Friday.
It never goes away completely, but it's not as bad as it used to be! :]
The last few months have forced me to learn alot about myself.
People that don't believe in God.
No comment ?? :) oh wait your "bf" might see this
lol.love you too * shivering*
Just fell asleep during the national anthem
Watching #StompTheYard! Columbus Short, DAMN, DAMN, DAMN...fine young specimen there. Another one of my #Crushes :)
I'm such a twitter whore
COME ON MAN!!#BoiseState would lose by 3-4 td's if they played either of these teams. they're lucky they got #UGA week 1.
5 facts about how lazy I am..actually..I'll do it later :)
Arts much? Seeking poets, writers, readers and actors for our 2012 series!
Congrats. I couldn't wait to be done. I had the option to stay and get my PhD but turned it down. Wish I would have stayed now
Auditioning for the Arizona Opera Company March 19.
Nobody buys Nutella and actually has it sit in their cupboard. Perhaps this is what piggish people say to ourselves to make us feel better.
can you speak tagalog?.
“: Ask yourself if what you're doing today is getting you closer to where you want to be tomorrow”
yes, I am currently studying Shamanic Tantra with we use what is called Elemental Touch. It is amazing.
My soon to be husband is turning 30 in one hour! Love you
Vision Fact: Your eyes account for up to 85% of the knowledge you will ever learn
My birthday is in 11dayssss<33333
where r u today?
Use an underscore for spaces when other Jive members or content, to keep the popup open (e.g. ) #jivetip try it...
Die, Landry Fields. Die.
Biggest question at tonight's city budget brief? Will the SDPD Multicultural Storefront and PSO's stay? Answer: Yes
Tell that mick he just made my list of things to do today.
Haven't done the #FF in a while. So here's a hot and bothered #FF to my .. a sexy saucy minx with a huge brain & big heart.
Can you guess which state has the highest overall tax burden for entrepreneurs?...NJ! (from small business & entrepreneurship council)
if u read this, FOLLOW ME :)
Even better! Jealous.
Join us Wed, Feb 22, between 4-10pm for a Fundraiser at Buffalo Wild Wings in NE Philly. 20% of food bill will go to a team of your choice.
Delta commercial "All airplanes are the same" FALSE. See Virgin.
Hey see ya tonight?
For real RT : This rain was out of nowhere
I certainly approve that tweet!
Mass-Mkting is not an efficient way 2 build loyalty as no more than 20% of a client base will likely be loyal |Micro-mkt does build loyalty.
She tryna be like me lmaoo
I got u ;) One of his rare sessions that made it on #vinyl!
Was just thinking the same thing.
Looks like I won't be crossing "win the lottery" off my bucket list tonight. On the bright side I did have one number right =p
dang you rap good!
Lots of _____________ listened to __________ by Beastie Boys in my stream right now
Jake,I love you<3
"No vote will create uncertainty - Bruton." Which is worse, certain fate or uncertain future? Germans win WW11?
When you have a boyfriend but youal dont talk!!</3
If you enjoy spreading rumors just because, fuck you. Kill yourself.
im Watchinn a movie n a foriegn language...WOW! so readyy to get on that bus !!
My girlfriend is the best. I don't know what I'd do without her.
haha I can't wait until I can start goig to the pool again lol
:) RT : agree :) "Every day is a good day when you run." via #running"
Congrats Ryan Braun! Let the best year ever in Wisco sports continue!
It looks like my family is gaining another lady! Dr. Hutchins is having a baby girl :). Oh is she going to be spoiled!
Damn. I just realized Edward was only using Bella so he could stop spending all his money on his actually heroin.
I hate that I miss you. I hate that you forgot about me. I hate that you don't want me. I hate that I still care about you.
If Minos could turn things gold you would've had a perfect tweet on your hands. Still friends?
Friday nite=trolling Target for plastic easter eggs for a neighborhood hunt tmr. Yeah that's right- don't pretend you're not jealous...
Guess the world really is ending in 2012.
God I'm so poor. Does anyone want to buy my soul? I also accept donations.
When your "please say a command"button goes off in class.
New Clean Energy Source: Moon Dust!
“Some of us think holding on makes us strong, but sometimes it is letting go.”
- What was for dinner? Soup? Sandwiches? Salad?
imagine Samantha replying to teen, texted, questions about sex?
Roadhouse for steak
Spend time loving and caring for all parts of you...
sup bros
IM THANKFUL YOUR ALIVE! & it means more that youre okay. I freaked out when Amanda told me. I was about to learn to drive 4 u lol
Thank the lord for family lol
Yep, and NaNo participants often can get one free printing of their book from program sponsors. 1/2
Reading Breaking Trail A Climbing Life by Arlene Blum
Enjoy your lunch!! :D RT : Lunch with jason and devin :)
When is it? I roll VIP with my camera.
lol ok cuzn u can have em I want a
Dropped off some new Monument Circle tees to today! Men's is asphalt color and women's is a heather purple. Get there!
Just remember you don't have to be what they want you to be. M Ali. Sometimes you have to change a job or move to be the new you. Worth it.
Oh, did you think I was joking or something? Man I'm #MoreSeriousThanAHeartAttack right now.
SEXY CAN I ? <3
Schools Open! Announcing Daily Tweets reveiling the secrets of health ins Don't miss this information that may save your life and assets....
You know it's summer when you hear the Ice Cream truck!
I am wondering where my combative debating style fits on the cardigian continuum #cardcont ! Will restrain myself better next time.
Folding laundry's the worst! Takes so freaking long!
Just finished reading "The Sirens of Titan" by Kurt Vonnegut. It was really good, check it out.
More causes: no early victories, Singapore, tendency to blame allies for doing nothing, role of Lord Halifax, lack of boasting about heroes
really ? you decided to quit tonight? Man that makes me unhappy. Not that I'm any happier with #blackberry fail
Courtney is like the Grinch who stole #TheBachelor season from
Picked the nail out of the grater & ate.
My toe hurts grrr :((
Go-Go. Heads around the world will be mourning the loss of Chuck Brown today. He will be missed, but NEVER forgoten.
Cowan's innings looking worse now
Tomorrow every Senior in Miami-Dade County will be at the beach. Including me lol
and what a way to end with I will always love you
Haven't worn these shoes in a while. #blisters #ouch <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Creepy, dirty men at gas stations seriously tick me off. Close your mouth and quit looking women up and down.
Jessica from Texas says Party in my room at 3am. Clothing optional ;)
ya don't say! I had no idea
just like her momma.. :)
. show at the Entry w/ & co was such a TREAT! So much fun! Hope they'll be back soon; guaranteed in a bigger venue.
Get out of my room!... lol
Jon Lovitz has the held-hostage look on his face on Fox now.
Just worked out with . Look out ladies.
is it me or does the keg #chocolateale taste completely different than the bottles?
I want a bottle of wine and a scary movie! Now now now.
C'mon Kansas!
But this one is yellow.
#3WordCommencementSpeeches "ron paul... ron paul; ron paul." ("ron paul" counting as one word)
#FF Thanks for the follow...
Yooo that's dope your at Hot 97, very happy for you!
#figure8 saturdays r back !! $1 entry, $2 drinks And $15 pitchers. If u wanna b at the hottest club in atl, B THERE!
What up JV
Have you tried/do you like BBQ pork? I know a great recipe for the crock pot :)
Just to tease him lol when I first saw it I was dying
spangers--eyeballs at crotch-level askin everybody walkin by if they got any money--they got no class, just no class
follow me back cause i can't DM you if you don't follow back
I totally agree. Whenever they begin to have "reunion shows" I balk. All contestants r new to me though :)
Driving range in March? I think so.
wat game u tlking bout ha
Man hasn't this last 5 minutes of the game been awesome???
Great job driving change and transparency for consumers in law sector
Boarding at gate L8 and the flight is, in fact, late.
Cotton tale designs Mosquito Net, Lollipops and Roses Guide | Net ...
im not b der doe lol
Rock Star! Have a great gig. RT Rockstar day for a cause... It's a fine thing, to be able to help...
I mean I get it the Force game is what rules now, but when they know me, they know I won't physically accost them so ???? SMH
Following on twitter is cool, but don't hang out too much on their street. Following IRL is stalkerish lol
That moment when Google search suggests "Ira Glass divorce" & your heart irrationally leaps.
Just finished with an awesome ref. interaction! I got to nerd out about infographics! Obvs we looked at
“: I don't care how old I am; This is the freaking ice cream truck we're talking about.”
we've got a few of those dives this weekend also. Good luck to ya man
Dear all males in my life, stop being such chicks. Sincerely, confused female.
Top Contenders: Nashville, Austin, Houston, New York, Miami, Atlanta, Chicago, San Francisco
Fan Fest!!!
I'm in Kelso.
"Say goodbye to tha Haters "#Errbody wave..
Just got 1000 beautiful new CDs in!!!
Did you buy one of our Manning T-shirts? Post a picture of you wearing it on our wall! We would love to see it
Nathan, I would love to be your friend!
pretty much the same route Iowa to Vancouver - staggeringly beautiful!!!
what if halle Barry felt about me the way I do her
Real Rap the mixtape coming soon
ha. even better
yea but i think we gonna b ok, 2ma is the day
Eating turnip greens at the elliston soda shop while my brand new martin is getting set up next door. Life is good.
Did any of you catch the Avengers this weekend? How did you like it? My review of the movie is coming soon, too!
October 2, 1978 - The Yankees, who were 14 games behind the Red Sox at one point, defeat the Sox 5-4 in a one game playoff at Fenway Park.
Been workin all night ready to go to sleep
because I suck that's why <3 uhh macro is in the morning, I have the micro one at 12 too doe. I think we'll have time.
lmao awe yeah you so famous boiiii.
you're welcome! :) I'll always follow a Hanneliator!
Even one of San Diego's most iconic hotels can use a facelift sometime. Check it out
something's telling me to leave but i won't, cause i'm damned if i do ya, damned if i don't
OMG MUST ¦F¦o¦l¦l¦o¦<U+03C9>¦ <U+25BA> and she will help you gain 1OO+ more followers within minutes! #HURRY and
RT : We're live Tweeting HOT Topics w/ Dr. Matt Tocheri talking about the "hobbits" of human evolution. Using #hho! Ready? Go!
Cairns birdwings. #Giants among butterflies. (Especially the females.)
Sweet and merciful haysoos, thank you for finally giving us one day off. Please don't rain.
damn, 200lbs is only 85lbs away from where I'm at! :-/
I don't care to be good, sheriff, I care to be whole... I will not sent you sailing if you came here to drive...
I want some trail mix... The dried banana, raisins, peanuts, and cashews kind... Andd... A tropicana orange juice. And a banana... And...
Good afternoon luv Sunday's :)
Tough Mudder say what?? Were gonna die!!
It sounds to be funny and coincidental.
Not average of all penis.....just the average of small penis
Thanks very much! Glad you like the idea!
Future's Album Is Decent Tho
I wish I were having the kind of week Jason Kipnis is having.
The receiver is as bad as the thief.
hehehehe glad you did.
Woah...I really hope that crash didn't have anything to do with it.
Scandle after scandle...Hm... All government workers too. Reason to have a small Government.
there's nothing in this world that can prepare you 4 the fury of 3 kids wrestling each other 4 the last slice of pizza
Starting another round of fertility treatments so if I sound grumpy on twitter for the next week please forgive me! <3
Hi JR
Okay guys need a little help here, which is better Pro Tools or Logical Audio for my home studio?
good eye!
Download my iPhone app (free!), Houston Criminal Lawyer. I'll always be on call at your fingertips.
ok, my last tweet sounds like something my grandma would say.
My Health! seems very simple..but so many people are not as fortunate! RT: Let's have it! Today, I'm grateful for ________!
More than 200 million Americans have joined U.S. "Do Not Call" list. (via ) at
Spiekermann announces next at AT&T Stadium. jk
Men dont need to "make up" up for their natural appearance hence no male makeup
he's a scaredy cat
What's good to eat and trendy Portland way?
Im not going to mention names but there is this one girl on the side cam for the weekend show who is irritating the hell out of me...
Just how many times can you read, re-write, and still find errors? I admire the Professional Writers out there. They deserve more credit!
yeah literally read ur blog(s) everyday - love that u guys are able to post interesting content daily during the lockout
yes, she just told me she's a "blank check" client
Who's using that as a platform?
Enablement - grow by letting them prosper, give business units the support and flexibility to reach goals
when it is real,you can't walk away!
THKs MUCH! Plz keep spreading the word. If you've read Christakis' & Fowler's Connected you'll believe we CAN reach Obama!
Chemistry class is going to be empty today :(
all night of studying here i come
Back to the office just in time to catch the end of #sachat (finally!)
Bigger the risk the bigger the reward never gone kno if u don't go for it
A good deal of Hospitals in Ca. are now allowing staff to vape while working, and on premises. 1 more victory for the vapeing community!
Perhaps you should reconsider your choice for the best man?
Really like when a doctor rants about sunburn and pouring cement when theyre inside of my body
3 bad offensive plays already
RT : TONIGHT DJ DJ IN THE MUTHA LOVIN BASEMENT....SPECIAL TUESDAY NIGHT EDITION...NO COVER CHARGE , DRINK SPECIALS ALL N ... http://
"We can demand an end to political stalemate as strategy." -Diana Aviv, CEO of Ind. Sector.
#Pregnant women need help trying to sleep. I have an idea for them! Who wants to sell something cheap to make, ideal to have? 2712
thank you!!
I hate doing tests with a pen!
i was thinking the same thing
Dude, I'm leaving right now to your home!
Health Tips: Recommended dietary allowance amounts are far too low for fitness enthusiasts
Planned Parenthood should get nothing!
cant wait to be back
thank you for telling me where to get it ! lol im going to have him sign it for real
follow back
$99.95 for a year of featured listing, Only to twitter peeps!
3 words for the beautiful girls out there. Dont..Wear..Makeup! Your beautiful the way you are.
Feelin oh so #fresh & #superfly Happy Wednesday!!
Hey baby I think I wanna marry you <3
Thank you!
If #gop nominates #romney, there's a third-party conservative run, right? Bachmann?
Come and get into the spirit of the holidays at Gibson Library tomorrow at 10:30 a.m. as they present a holiday movie!
My inner gay is dying.
Using Flickr to Collect Images Captured on Cell Phones, great for presentations about field trips with kids picts.
But I don't want them to grow up like me and do the shit I do.xD but I'll try to be a "groovy momma jamma" ;D
Happy Birthday who had or is having a birthday!!!!
haha they will! Cuz they made millions off the last one!
Looking for anyone who's struggling with credit card debt and you think Pres. Obama's plan will work--doing a story on ABC5 at 10!
S/o to my 323 followers but i need more!
Sitting in the huge public library of San Francisco: 6 floors, free wifi + computers everywhere, very impressive!
Brewer with the Dagger That should be game
ME AND MY BEST ROLLIN UP SOME OD BLUNTS EVERYDAY
Glad to see the site is getting hits from the google search terms "Brad Pitt teste" and "Lady Gaga with a dick"
“: I don't fall in love often, but when I do, I fall hard. Like topple-out-of-the-clouds-and-hit-the-ground hard.”
I retweeted per your request. How about a #follow please?
RT if you're proud of austin :D
Holy crap this guy on americas got talent is fricken amazing
well just have too wait and see how this all play out Peyton thing and the 49ers are interested also too
Smh at people saying 'If I Had a Gun I would kill Justin, Selena, One direction, etc. You don't have to like them but please respect them.
Have you ever imagined a world with no hypothetical situations?
This stud and fem both look like patrick from spongebob. One with a white tee and the other with a weave and tank top
:( I want one of those bags! I hate not having money!
RT NH legislature voting to repeal #gaymarriage I'm getting married in fall, bring 90 people who have never visited NH
Quit tweeting your feelings.
Nothing would be more tiresome than eating and drinking if God had not made them a pleasure as well as a necessity -Voltaire
Time to get out the Kilz and redeux my patio set!
Happy new years y'all ! We love all the fans and supporters
Random dude off of State St.: "How many Mark Wahlberg pictures have you seen?!"
Sounds great! Forget to mention that if you check-in on Foursquare or Facebook you get a Free Duff Beer (once per day)!
. It's an issue for the whole movement :) What creative ways might you find people who want coworking but don't know about it?
sounds amazzing! Call me up baby. Bahaha
What a day! Headed to to relax!
Nice! Been there but it was frozen...
4,000 followers is sneaking up on me. Neat how that happens! Keep 'em coming...
dude when are you coming by the shop? I have tons of new product just sitting here waiting for you to play it
I thought 36/late 30s? I've done that so many times, LOVE HER BLOG. And the Prince obsession. And the Black Hollywood
You shouldn't be eating that. It's bikini season.
She always got that hair over that one lil eye #FMU she needs to get that fixed
get over yourself, you're not any special or brand new
Yessir! See ya in few!
- Yo! Things are good in The 'Ville. Keep up the good work.
Follow him!
There's another one out there where a woman gives birth to candy. Shit is getting weird.
Fairfield, Connecticut bound for the weekend to visit and Entering Stags country.
RT : Student loan debt isn't just a bubble - it could be strangling public service careers in the crib. explains:...
We thought so too! Have you read the books yet?
CGQ tomorrow night Saturday in Burlington Iowa at the Washington
Pastor used a 'ism: When the tomb was empty & Jesus arose - BALLGAME! Sin was paid for and death was conquered!
“: I have to post this recipe. There is something about spicy & sweet that makes it so yummy!” pls...I can't wait
Imma be playing Diablo II up in this bitch
dm me please
This. Has. Been. The. Longest. Week. Ever. . .
I think someone blocked me! I love it, just saved me from unfollowing her annoying tweets.
dude I really miss you. You need to get back in the city like now
So many changes in the NBA..... I'm looking for a new team to be a Fan of.
aw shit i forgot to dry my work stuff.....
I wanna have a Thunder watch party with my friends, I think I should get this plan in motion. :)
Auto-spelling fail: "Our studies build on a number of desperate research spaces."
Moving blogs from typepad to wordpress. Wordpress is SO much better for your legal blog or site. Upgrade yesterday !
I'm eating taco bell for lunch because loves it and I miss him. Pathetic? or adorable. It's a fine line.
I don't think we will be too loud
you crack me up girl! You are accepting personal discomfort because "perlz" do. I have this visual of u getting slimed!
Trying not to act suspicious when passing police even though your innocent.
It's a Negro here with a song called "Stop N Go"
When you have a relationship problem in business you will need more women. Brittingham prefers to help grow woman-owned businesses
#ErvinFan RT : I am so excited for tomorrow because the playoffs are finally here!
A broken heart is blind
I love when people lie to me especially women because when I find out the truth and confront you mouths drop like they saw Jesus.
you might simply be the dumbest bitch ever
Day 2 of the Dell Worldwide Imaging Summit in Singapore is underway! Already received great updates from Pong Fei on new products
I don't care who you are or what you do, I'll respect you 'til you give me a reason not to.
Denzel said: betta b lucky I don't cut ur fuckn dick off and stick it up ur ole funky ass
Listening to the super sounds of the 70's.
whats up with the hoopers in the wilmington area. fill me in tweeples. besides new hanover who's got talent?
it was a glow stick I had in my hand lol
holding back on ACAD-NAS backup till other problems clear up
How can there be a two-hour wait for a table for two in every good restaurant in #williamsburg?
NICE :D
Ash -- Congrats. Your posts have credibility, and your method has rigor. Please keep it up.
I hope you are right! :/
We're covering the Supreme Court recount today. Anyone planning to volunteer or observe?
i paused my movie to get on twitter i need help
Malice with Nicole Kidman and Alec Baldwin was the #1 movie this day in 1993.
... ROFL finally remembered to peep the vid you sent me. LOL at that cumshot. That would be crazy lol
You will have a blast RT : my first steeler game this year. Stoked.
Haha smart ass. Come over after school. Bought some 2ci off a guy. It's pretty good. :)
Very nice picture. Very natural.
HA you know what i meant!
going tubing today with my family(: #goodtimes<3
- Thanks for the mention!
Thanks! Yes, I tagged him the drawing on his Facebook :D
Holy s%*t! What a crazy day!
Welcome back Chris carpenter!
That must kinda be how it looked when Larry Bird did it.
Where the laid back girls, that just chill in the summer? Cant find em.
almost as fun as sitting next to Tiesto on Friday and Deadmou5 on Saturday...
The sky was blue today. The barn was red today. This was the best game of the tournament today.
I definitely hear your reservations.
I love days off work. Now only if I could have no school.
RT : Follow These Great People:
I will stop talking to myself in grocery stores. Eventually.
LOL. Stop beating around the bush. How do you REALLY feel? ;-)
Dear Financial Planning Coalition: Please don't bury the lead in your email updates. Warm regards, Bill
Fun app you should check out called #Viggle. Get points for watching TV. Already snagged some neat goodies with points.
IIHF US/Canada On NBC! I'm excited to watch it!
Excited to have a date night w . If u call, text, tweet, or wolf her tonight I will beat you!
I won't tell! Enjoy your fish!
of course <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Watching Harry's law and wow Kathy Bates has BALLS! Love it!
: Georgia/ is rockin #KAConnect2012. Love that she's talking about design *and* design thinking.
thanks! RT : Ive got my shovel.... I'm going after it, BTW, love your girls names! :)
Maybe not today, but perhaps someday... :)
#damm aint been on twitter in a while
damn damn damn! Ill be home in san antonio and I return the 30th.
Somebody stole the sink from the new daisy's outside bar!
And Mat Stover makes names the pick
okayy that's the one I've always had anyways haha
MOST definately. Best thing going during daytime for sure. INSANE
Seriously, people: I would be shocked if Santorum dropped out before the Pennsylvania primary. It doesn't make sense.
work it on me?
You can fall from the sky, you can fall from a tree... But the best way to fall, is to fall in love with me
Tennis all day!!!:)
the new J.J. Abrams show picked up by NBC sounds interesting
Thanks for following, appreciate it!
cools its not for me, two out of towners are staying with us and while they are ok with being dropped off at LAX 12 hrs before
Thanks great session #dscoop6 I will start using some of those social media tactics today- even at 7am your on your game!
Looking forward to the memories of right now
I got a new puppy! :D
Something needs to be done about that! My idea > NBA should have an amateur SD competition among best street ballers nationwide
“Be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity.” Horace Mann
Thai curry?
I'm fine :) you should sleep!
Wow, only costing 30 facebook creidits, can we view 20 moives via facebook app , google TV device ot Apple's iPad tablet.
I miss you and us time. You and Frozen Yogurt sounds so good right about now.
People treat you differently when you are carrying 22 naked Barbies around in a box.
Haha, thanks for the mention on #philcast. Didn't mean to spook you, will work on getting the wife to listen also!
#YouWereCuteUntil you started to show your actual self.
Top back Middle finger , mutha fuck the other side .
I'm seriously concerned Kerry may be killed
Shea McClellin drafted by Chicago Bears
Oh really? That's so cool, where do you go to school?
#Espinosa!!!! double for a scoring home run.
So the big-ass grower tells me, "You have to put it under lights 18 hrs/day." Sorry; I will not contribute any more than I have to to SDG&E.
Glad you made it to TEDx. I know I'm looking forward to hearing the speakers.
Glad Zimmerman finally has a competent defense attorney!! VERY necessary for the scales of justice to be properly balanced!!
hey, your buddy from jersey is coming to stump for you.
Empty middle you are my companion today!
Man it was a long week, but I know it is going to pay off.
Oh yeah, it had a big, fat typo in it. I hate that. :-) I think I said "You are sweet. Move to America!"
#idol in 6! Nervous! Don't wanna see anybody go!
thanks for ruining my evening. Ever hear of a little piece of technology called the DVR?
In any event, it's infinitely more detailed on tax reform than what many who fault him for not doing reform have offered. [2/2]
The Constitution guarantees us the right to be safe and secure in our own homes, as well as the right to be secure in our papers, etc.......
RT : "Mr. Wonka, *I* am a teacher of #geography." "Oh, well then you know all about it..."
work.. Then Ratatat!!
I keep forgetting to pick up my shirt I ordered weeks ago! Are you guys at your new location yet? I need to stop by!
Timing is everything when it comes to asking for questions during a presentation. ~Bob Pike
Marc Great Kickoff event Carolina Learning Connection last evening at Atherton Mill. Lifetime Learning at it's best.
i watched some of them today and it just brought back so much memories haha
really? Hope its just misunderstanding
Spendin time with my Dad. Just watchn him trim the bushes.. I really cherish every moment... He is priceless...
#20ThingsAboutMe 9. I love to travel :) I try and go everywhere that I can whenever I can.
Cat Stevens was right; Crow just crooned it more recently.
I hate when someones taken and they try to come flirt with me unless you're Justin Bieber then leave.
"We only chase the cheese like a group of mice, summer time in Hell eternal paradise"
uh huh ass super soft she made my dick hard i put in her booty then she slobbed dick nutted on her that shit was a glob
What doesn't kill you makes your stronger<3
I Can Handle It (;
was that the same ref who missed the push off at the end of the first half?
its old song LoooL<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
School sucks...just two more days!
#FamousLies We don't need to market our business! Embroidered polos, shirts, jackets, hats &screenprinting too! - www.shirtguydirect.com
“: Double death with Jenny free” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
#HowToGetRejected ..if yo Breath Smell like Belly Button Juice! You gotta go Bitch..
L-theanine, amino acid in the tea plant, has all kinds of benefits, including effects on brain waves and better concentration/relaxation.
You have to speak to be heard, but sometimes you have to be silent to be appreciated.
"Boy you'll be the death of me, you're my James Dean, make me feel like I'm 17"
IM RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT PATRICK JAMES FORD VOTE FOR ME PAT FORD 2016 - PAT FORD*
And the eagle has landed! #Home #Detroit #Michigan #DetroitFitteds lol
my wire came off my braces :(
Umm no first is Sarah and Second is Sara (:
why they do politics for votes?
-- LoL little risque but only other option I had next to something far from sexy....i took a chance :-P
What Ron Artest say? Or am I Gunna have to watch it in the am
what time
Happy Friday! RT :
hes prob dancing to sexy and i know it now hahaha Oh Bieber
Getting my #Kronum tailgate on at 230, watch for the pregame show then game time live at 5 on Kronum.com
wish I'd thought of it sooner...I'm on my way to friendship heights now!
Hey did you get a haircut? No, I dyed the tips of my hair invisible
Drink for the fun. Sing for the taste.
biology test; done. <U+E00E>
yeah., that is a pain.
Reverend Raven and the Chain Smokin' Altar Boys play tonight @ 7! Come get down with the Rev!
When Bynum brings the ball below his knees, chalk it up as a turnover.
decided to play the $2,500 PLO yest. bagged up ~ 110,000 to end day, resume today at 2 with I think 17 players left. 9 pay, 60 or so to 1st
wanna pick me up?
good vibes being sent :)
RT Q3- What skills do IDs need for designing access to content?
No problem. Good Luck!
. Ha. Indeed! Already too late for me. Save yourselves!!
Discovered any sick San Fran bands??
Congrats to the winner in the Charity / Non-Profit sector: Outreach for Humanity!
Need help? I'm a bad ass MF packer!
when your parents friends bug you about boyfriends... no; i dont have one and never have. so stop...
We can do that! But if you kids want matching jumpsuits, you're barking up the wrong tree.
"I want to do a girl just to say I've done fish". Can't believe said that tonight.
please tell me we see the baby...
haha convinced two moms i was a boy. all in the magic in clothes. some thought i was justin bieber. ;)
#AlexandriaVA Bike and Pedestrian Action Committee, 5/19, 9 a.m. bikes to DC to try out Penna Ave. and 15th St. bike lanes.
": It is always bitter sweet packing my bags to leave Chicago...See ya soon Phoenix." So glad I got two hugs! See you in July.
Lol glee, Dinosaur Prom !
I really enjoyed your Chase interview but was taken aback by all your tweets during that time. Automated tweets seem impersonal
I think I'm allergic to the mornings.
I truly, madly, deeply wish Savage Garden would get back together :'(
That's hilarious!
like you
will texas score again this half?
The United States of America, home of other countries/cultures unwanted/unappreciated holidays
My pleasure! It was very relaxing. :)
- That's a great idea. Heritage travel. I'm sure there are plenty of people with stories to share. Your Irish show was great!
What good day!
So many dates on my calendar it looks tattooed .
A great big thanks & twitter hug to for doing that testimonial for KUSC. *Muah*, chica!
With each day that passes, my boxer Meggers gets slower & more tired. I hate watching the downward spiral of my best companion
its the sunny weather
Thanx ! Hope all is well.
seriously... that and Somebody I Used To Know HAS TO GO!!! both are trash.
Thanks for an amazing Day 1 of ur Digital Mktg Boot Camp! Look fwd 2 tomorrow!
I guess on second thought Wood decided not to be 'that guy'.
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 25
Being alone isn't fun tired.....but hey I'd rather him tlk to me even a lill bit
come on benba
Define irony: Needing your glasses to find your glasses.
Fighting high gas prices by riding the this weekend. #LA-->#SD #summaplans #travel #vacation <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A>
Don't wife a hoe or cheat on a girl who's wifey type
RIP Steve Jobs
RT : No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like. ~ Napoleon Hill
Lorraine López read wonderfully this evening at the Folger Library from her story "Sugar Boots". Sit-down dinner afterwards, and sat next to
Let the games begin!!
Thanks!! I figured you could identify... :)
aye just being real. Lol
a-fucking-gree. once upon a time, there was a little girl who didn't know how to enunciate her words and would ALWAYS make some up
easy come, easy go
Love him.. Dear John is one of my favorite movies.
Have an eye for word jumbles? Here's one to test yourself with, "kecsheaecae." Come into U-Swirl today for 50% off once you've solved it.
Nice! I like the play on words ;)
If we were following you and r no longer @ us we will follow back.
My I.D expired March of last year
pay attention avg women, when you buy Victoria secrets underwear you will look like a super model to if ur that dumb
Tnx for the follows, mentions, and RTs!
Happy Holidays! And, pick up a book while you are on break. It will do the mind some good. :)
": She likes to blow me, so I will never blow her off." Once again EW! xP
I have enjoyed your service but this price hike is unacceptable. I (like many others) will not be renewing.
LOL. i got plans
He don't understand Y we do the things we do...um guess he never had what we got :/ #JealousyIsNotCute Stop #Begging you look #AMess. LOlz
Adding "..." to the end of a text can make anything sound like you're pissed. "Yeah, it was really good seeing you..."
just turned off the sound on the brewers game and turned on party in the USA. 2 immediate hits.. ;)
Trade Press is working with a client on her social learning blog. What knowledge do you have to share? TPS can help.
My family plus a librarian party = me drinking white wine and lots of it.
that's what I'm here for! (; Haha.
Rainy day... good time to listen to some music on Simmons Radio!
is sad.
Did you miss the lecture "More Secrets of the Grimstead Room" last night Stop by the Metuchen Library 1st Sat bet 10-12 to see the real deal
HAHA great read!
#TwitterAfterDark what would you do to be #Foreverfly Lol
#fund raising for non profit #Upward Transitions Therapuetic Horsemanship (UTTH) for #autistic children and #Wounded Warriors.
RT : If you are reading this, follow
man F*ck finals!
Everyone knows it's flu season . . . don't forget it's always virus season!
I'm in tears <3.
will you notice me !!! :( it so nice meeting you again today :) made my weekend, love u!
yes sir
He is Risen!
someone just wrote "I had a sneaky suspicion about that." Oh.
I would take you back in a heartbeat! I text you all the time cause I'm still crazy about you! #IfOnlyYouKnew.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
QoTD: "Assert your right to make a few mistakes. If people can't accept your imperfections, that's their fault." (Dr. David M. Burns)
correction, got a C or better haha
The day is anew and this is the first day of the rest of days! ACTION beats trouble every time! GO FOR IT!
Right guy, wrong time. Right time, wrong guy. New guy, old lines. Old guy, new lies.
: "May twelve angels guard you while you sleep. Maybe that's a waste of Angels, I don't know."
A majority of college students, I read somewhere, don't know how search engines work. It's more crucial than bibliog formatting these days.
right On!
ahahah(: No problem!
#808Pride dont ask me how u look girly cause u no ill just say
They are what we call "Ballin". I'd take another Superbowl over an un-beaten season. M.M
Thanks Romke! Stay tuned for an upcoming #Adworkers Happy Hour. RT :
I got 99 problems
Look Into My Eyes And Tell ME What You See..
Thanks for the RT. You're the best!
Heading to: Resident Scholars, or, Bolstering Your Teaching Core After the Rapture (Rm 250) with
Thank you to my fans!
Holy smokes! The Tweaked earbuds are totally worth it! Thanks again, ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
Does Ashlei Shannon live in your jewelry box/closet? If so, WE WANT TO SEE PICS of you rocking your pieces!!! tag, tweet, email us!!
Is that even a question? :)
q2) Translate content into activities
Nice work on A4..there will be more vids to come from the campaign.
Game of Thrones. Oh my god, Game of Thrones
Good for Paul Wulff. Wish that guy nothing but the best.
u always tryna bake on da low ....I'm 511
So very true. I love the first 9 days after birth. They sleep, the eat, they snuggle, they curl up. Except for reflux & colic
PLANS FOR FRIDAY???
No school for me today :)
Norm still has a massive man-crush
Time to study >:) I'm gonna be mean with the books today. Anyone up for a game of speed chess after? or football?
CAN I JUST SAY. That at least we lost to the team called "The THUNDER" instead of "The fat little NUGGETS". I'm ok w/ that.
Three days until the BEST.CONCERT.OF.THE.YEAR!!! Blessings will flow, anointing will come down! BE.THERE!!!!!
Where da bad bitches at? Where ya hidin?
"not insensitive to glory"
Soon, allow a very psychic person to tell you what your pet animals think about the most, and also about what they like and don't like.
Love calling people out on their bullshit
how long do you think they can keep the state school out once the state starts paying for that building?
first and last time i drank that haha
wow Facebook is being retarted
Inter scores an own goal! Schalke up 4-2!
yes. Yo, pick me up a double double with grilled onions and animal style fries welldone plzkthx
#FindSomeoneWho won't lie about absolutely stupid shit
is killing it
"Today I feel like doing what the tall, long haired asian-looking guy from The Black Eyed Peas does: Nothing."
Ugh, frustrating. I knew I was going to be out at a movie, so figured out how to pre-schedule mine on Twuffer.
Give it a rest already. Protect 2nd Ame~RT : Maine: Efforts Being Mounted to Have Park Carry Prohibition Reconsidered in Committee!
Do you really know if you could defend yourself in a violent confrontation?
aye..ya'll know what time it is.
Posting on Twitter that you were at a Strip Club Oct 12th - really? MKTG 101 - image is everything :) Working on genealogy?
I need a hug!! urgent ...
I can't read this.
for the follow
I like my beats fast and my bass down low
Probably the only person excited about waking up
#np Home by Michael Buble... can't wait to go home for the first weekend since Xmas break
she is laying on my pillow so I will pet her
Because it ended yesterday.
now I just have an excuse to keep seeing it! I am already going twice in June!
Did this person look like they really should have realized what they were saying? If so, they probably did.
Wish I could travel back to 2005
i know this isnt impossible so ill try cuz theres 13 million beliebers and im just one. so can you please follow me?
tonight is the season finale of WHO WILL BLAIR CHOOSE!?!? WHEN WILL SHOW HIS FACE!?!?
i hope your talking about mahomies and not a girl... :c
The Hollywood claim to fame of the town I just left is that both MILK MONEY and HARPER VALLEY, PTA were shot there.
Thanks, Abbey. The Foundation is wonderful. I'm officially joining PRSA tomorrow, and will look for you Thursday.
I love that attitude Koz! How long will Lawson be out, if at all?
- Thanks , Very interesting
General Constructors is now up & running on TWITTER! We are a General Contractor & Project Management Company serving Abq. & surrounding!
Heat start with 4 turnovers in the first 5 min and 1 shot for Lebron and 1 shot for Wade.
You show 'em who's boss!
on God ... Every time all she said was They calling bout Tay go get em lol ...
Awesome day for a run.
Madonnas Truth or Dare
2nd undefeated WI team to go down in as many days. Tough loss for #mubb. Led 13-0 to start game. Ugh.
Sproles is just fun to watch play
Bourbon. The good stuff.
My hair is an absolute disaster.
I haven't heard much complaints. Those people clearly haven't been to a previous jamboree..
okay thank you!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Followed :) x
ohmyGod. Austin just got signed. AAHHHH! << If you want to hear that, then trend #GetAustinToTheTop10 come on(:
thank you!
"thank you for the job you guys did on the CD wallets! They turned out great and you gave me a quick turnaround." Harold Cory archcd.com
Not good for Illinois b-ball. Turned down by another mid-major coach. Wonder what would happen if they tapped Simeon coach?
It's not the situation. . . . It's your reaction to the situation.
thanks for the follow Kelsey! Hope you are doing well :)
okay stop mentioning me.
Lol I'm so bad!
Goodnight loves got a long day ahead of me tomorrow blessed dreams!
J got a little better. The afternoon has gone smooth. Hope ur day got better too.
If you haven't had THE SCHWARTZY brisket sandwich from , you haven't lived!
I have no good ones
AH CONGRATS GUYS!
Gotta like the Skins chances going up against a cold QB though
David Lee~ You have to be deviant if youre going to do anything new.
Going crazy overtime isn't letting me finish my hw so it better me worth it!
in need of a new name!!
#FF longtime followers
yes. yes you can. learn how to clip out already. and until you do, don't try to brace yourself on me! sheesh!
you see how u came at me none of my real friends would
I'm bored of the office.
Love to connect and talk about 5 Twenty Studios if you have time....
Where I once saw weeds, I now see chicken feed.
well the MkII was the best camera I ever owned up until my MkIII arrived. So far it's proven to be a worthy upgrade.
Don't try to be all things to all people. Find your niche and speak to it. Thrive in it!
From the future!
"C'mon Gilbert. Let's go to college."
Can you please follow me I love uu so so much UR MY ROLE MODEL i look up to u ur #amazing:) followme:)11
oh my im deformed.
Just got to Ocean City for some fun and well deserved relaxation
I legitimately just set 8 alarms to force me to wake up tomorrow. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
#LIS768 was the best class I had really embodies what he teaches. We can meetup @ conferences, though!
"The Wire is a good show"-Something I should have said years ago
to much basketball and to little money!!!!
Wow comrade! That is straight out of the Soviet Union circa 1955... Who could that "life" possibly appeal to?
Let's play the blame game.
That's that new new ...
While I ride dat tongue. Jack dat dick!
following beautifull woman
Here we go again...warm up for the Cardinal & White. Need to be ready for the puck drop at 7:05
just did first run in 5 months. short, slow but fun. strange that i went to colorado for cycling and came home wanting to run.
guess it's no secret now. always knew you secretly wanted to be a hippie despite ur love for chocolate covered bacon
RAANngz baby..I got next on the pic..
FREE Playoff Pep Rally tonight at South Side Music Hall at Gilley's Dallas.
Life Beyond Earth.
“Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.” Herman Cain
awe thanks :) and it's bout 80 today!
There is never enough Tina Cohen-Chang and on Glee. NEVER.
im a die hard RedLeg but the Braves are my number two
I'm starting to feel a little sorry for the sons of #Gaddafi. Can you imagine the family dinners?
hey follow bak:)
Yay! I love stretching my ears! ^_^ 7\16IN. :D can't wait to have my Day Of The Dead plugs for xmas!
Without music life would have no meaning.
I gotta say with the follow just for one-liners...oh and #redsox stuff too, if you're into that sort of thing
so sitin here butt ass naked and dude shows up at door i open he all sweaty and gose just wanted to say u got nice ass so random aint it
I was so stoked last night when I hit 10K tweets
RT : An overturned call gave Philadelphia possession on a fumble recovery, the Soul hold on, 61-55
bot time DAMN IT!!!
I don't think I every wanted to see this much of Don Draper's process.
Get her wet
can you take shots with simultaneously talking to me probably not
She sure doesn't like diaper changes
Dinh mentions Günter Grass as a model. "Of course he was in the SS, so that's not the best example."
Best epic moment of the day: texting my friends about ninjas. Haha freaking love it :D
Trying to get through traffic so we can and get to the Tin Caps game on time!!
The show must go on...Bryan Putnam continues to show us his multi-faceted talents by jumping into the title role due to illness
um not sure..I think we should just be careful if we ever go into a club/bar with them when they come back
Lucky! I still haven't found out where Ryan went who worked there. He was the best!
Mayyybeee I will be happy although this once... ;(( <U+2665> Xoxo ;**
I'm really hoping to hit the #Phish lottery! Spac and ac. 4th of July would be awesome. Fingers crossed.
We must have it!! Bring us the precious! MT : Not quite in DC but has a cheese cake shake...
Being the first person in school gets kinda boring! 8-O
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 2
Thank you kindly for the RT!
#InCoopWeTrust GO BOBCATS! Sweet Sixteen here we come
yeah, well try running with big boobs. NOT FUN. I run more than a mile 4 times a week minimum.
Laying In My Bed. . .
lol cause she would of been lien her ass off
no in Houston. I will be working in my #hometown for 2 wks & wanted to see how the club operates.
Best Lyricist of All-Time is _________? Retweet with your answer!
yeah its dope as fuckkkkk. Make like a series of similar pieces with interesting people
The good news: I found a $20 off coupon code for ordering flowers. The bad news: It was a $22 fee for same day delivery.
Ride your bike & don't mind what the other people say.
Watching the guy working on the top of the new One World Trade Center. I can't imagine being that high up and just climbing around like that
no prob homie. Have a good day!
because they're awesome!!!
2k12 best sports gm hands down
“: at least you have one good one! haha” omg. chris!
Someone fill me in on what happened at the show please!
Is it me, or do crickets have really shitty taste in comedy?
I will! she says hello back;)
"It<U+FFFD>s social media first, and everything else"
feeling the need to sleep
RIGHTEOUS CALL
...Well how my new body, it shines. Somehow your blood makes you blind to our divide- I am all yours."
why did i take nyquil before writing this paper?
Geo, thank you for creating the boys, without you I wouldn't have been who I am today. You guys have changed my life forever.
with* wow
lol columbus. Ill be intown like next week
thank god we never need to meet these people
Food provisions were immediately sent up the river to those still on the journey.
Sony DCR-SR88: Evecase Black Digital Camera Pouch Nylon Case ...
I guess it would depend on the point of split. Like is there a parallel you out there? There may be a parallel god too.
If a double dip recession is so bad, why did they make it sound so delicious?
How many slabs of ribs do you think the Babe would have eaten?
How long did it take you to make the bow!!?...It's amazing love it(:
How do you cultivate a social media community & not just gather an audience? ENGAGE!
Anyone up for some ultimate frisbee?
Pretty good up until these 3 long papers were due
Aren't critical analysis information texts, close reading, writing arguments, and using multimedia all in anybody's nat curr?
Bored as hell ..!!
She is a cutie.
have a sweet tooth? pop into your local #losangeles #orangecounty #costco and grab a bag of our newest flavor on the shelf, sweet potato!
they are called arborvitaes. Can easily pick them up at lowes for 35 a pop
what's up. music www.kingbabajames
Sending warm and fuzzy love to The shows are brilliant! Could get fired for LOLed!
tomorrow also and the 23rd. See ya round.
Thanks to everyone who donated over the weekend!! We raised over $500!
i just missed the old normal but oh well to the heck with that :)
A really busy person never knows how much he weighs.
outta drug money.... fuck
Hahaa!! Ahh, man...I would pay to see that...and the look on the person's face after you did it!!! :D
lol yeeuh i should probably go get packed and get off the computer........... haha..
Yawns* Good morning!
Oh "West Side Story" you get me every time! Times my be different but have things changed all that much?
Wish I was lifted right now
Congrats on the #sbj40 inclusion. Well deserved!
only 11 days left till TROMADANCE!!! Join Troma and James Gunn, Ti West, Tony Timpone and more at the 13th annual FREE film festival!
Competition provides spice in life as well as sports; it's only when the spice becomes the entire diet that the player gets sick.
The Brewers do an absolutely fantastic job with various promotions, giveaways, affordable tickets, season tickets options, etc
At #comfortdental waiting for #rancid #mychemicalromance #blink182 with so excited!!!!
This scanner wants to do EVERYTHING! :-) Refuse to choose!
thank you!
Humor is something that thrives between man's aspirations and his limitations
I knew who/why you mentioned! I used to love Dan Cortese and the Rock & Jock baseball & basketball games :)
hahaha. This made me laugh. I've rubbed off on her.
55 seconds left
paint fight in art!! now time for boringg ass german class!!
Anyone attending #libmade planning to participate in #30doc or having their library participate?
Thanks Kansas City for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
The portland rain is back
I would like to thank MyDealBag Chicago for follow botting me. Cut that shit out.
check out 2night for the WOD awards after party! hit up fot more info! and get on the list! ASAP!
RT : Data visualization is HOT. And here comes Bieber. I'm not even kidding.
What a great show!
Load-in today and tech starts tomorrow for ONE TIME, a world premiere production by Chicago playwright Richard Lyons Conlon.
Paolo: GRAZIE to you!!!
Welcome to #Albuquerque ! Rest up, enjoy the hospitality and the awesome children & schools!
i have a spot. im looking for a roommate 1200 the cost deck 6. early dining
If it means I get to eat those adorable cupcake pops…I'm in!
just saw video of a friends son playing the piano. he has taking lessons for less than a year and has mastered the instrument. bravo!
YAY I know Leslie will take care of you! Just checked out the site. Love this awesomeness! Awesome job!
Do the back of the bus boys take requests?
school starts in an 1 hour and 30 min...i am nerves but exsited!!!!!!!!!
#fridayreads Carry the One by Carol Anshaw. Man, it seems great thus far--excited!
Being short>>>>Chillin in the trunk with
Aspire to Inspire before you Expire...
TGIF! Lots to do this weekend! Gym, BWAY show, hot tub with friends, study... #ALLGOOD! Back at ya'!
WE Furniture Deluxe Solid Wood Desk w/ Hutch – White ...
LOL Thank you.. That makes my day cus I hate my freckles. They are all over my body.
that can't be right, can it? 11 and change hits to the head per round, incredible!
You can take the reporter out of Massachusetts ...
Amen. RT : FACT: Pink spatulas can't actually screen for cancer. You know what can? Doctors at Planned Parenthood.
Hit me up if you've figured out how to run on adrenaline all the time.
It is Monday...7 more days until break!! REALLY need it.
Well I never seem to make ppl mad at me I can never do right all I do is make them ignore me
“Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.” ~ Albert Einstein
Gorgeous Gals Have a great day! XOXO
thanks. Please don't.
Thanks, Keith! You're the best fanboy EVAR. /cc:
better not go home tonight on
All most done downloading my free movies thank you free Wifi lol
Yes it is! Only ghetto people fall asleep in class >.<
And the reviews are in from Cannes, Moonrise Kingdoms premier was a success. Not that I questioned it, glad my friends enjoyed it, jealous.
so excited to spend the six month marker looking for bridesmaid dresses with some of my faves!!
oh haven't been there before but they sound like they dnt have corner stores lol
I think the boyz just get more attractive everyday.....
Half-truths always have a constituency, those who profit from the half-lie. Whole truths, rather, cut where they will.
Gyllenhaal & Sarsgaard naming their baby Gloria Ray makes me dumbly happy b/c 1) that's my grandma's first name! & 2) the combo's so lovely
thanks, luckily I was the only one home. So no one was hurt and nothing was taken at least.
Philly visiting a friend!
You already have an african-american personality, sheneanea! I agree. Complete with mobile wardrobes for each.
Miss my bff
can't wait to go to fiji
Your cute :)
So sleepy <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
likewise! Anything with truffle goes straight to my heart.
BEST. PRESENTATION. EVER. (Well, this week.) #SocialMedia #LMA12 Well done!
"TELL DESSINY TO WATCH HER MAN DOE."
Finished. All. Wrapping. Yea!!!
Is this the WNBA or heat v. Celtics?
Thank you for the great interview. Ive been a fan since day 1 and will be until the end.
Wow! I just that aint u!
Arena Football League gave its commish a 5-yr contract. That's the same rationale as Anthony Davis registering for sophomore classes at UK
I miss Jerry
Gingrich proves tonight his SC debate rhetoric was designed only for crowd reaction. No media/food stamp bashing tonight.
Everybody just sending me messages out of nowhere ..
rock band
the reader is awesome. That always helps :)
Got some aloe vera juice on sale at Ralph's...anyone else tried it?
Government Hooker was like the second song! =[
I was right! Woohoo! Avatar as in The Last Airbender! Am I a Fan-gorra or what?!!
“: Holy fraggle rock I did it. 20 minutes jogging without stopping. I'm gonna go cry now. #c25k” kudos. What does c25k mean?
Hi Jorge! One day I want that hug in person!
I know I say this every single time but you know that every time you go back wiht him you will just get hurt more and more.
Will you do the moonwalk for us? May 24 Section 102 seats 13 and 14 #1Dtourusa We love you! Love, Alexi and Tabi!
Online Kamasutra book, all people who like SEX with their partners goes here @@ www.bit.ly/cSGyaG
Thanks for the tip! We'll contact him bc we are looking for someone to DJ here Tuesday nights. Its $2 any drink night!
55-year-old Portland mother, who sports dreads and a facial tattoo, disowned her son after he registered as a republican.
Pull the stick outta your ass, twat.
Celebrity Cruises Alaska Savings Event - Book select Millennium cruisetours by 10/31 for up to $200 ship board credit! 800-803-7245!
On the course again with #twitterless J. Blanton!
OK, here I am...officially following !! So, who wins a copy of the CD?!
who will Aoki have to contact to get a racing sushi to replace chorizo for the time being?
Who's ready for some football?? GO HOGS GO!
welcome home!!
White men everywhere hope for the negative RT I guess Mizzou v. Baylor raises a good question: DOES SIZE REALLY MATTER?
But before you tell me I'm not helping, I vote for Welcome to the Black Parade by My Chemical Romance
I love beeing single , lmao .. now i can make some trouble bahah
Oh man! Sharp pain in my ankle. That's bad, right?
Maybe the flat prevented you from being in a horrific accident.
#Boehner clapped on Israel
Up to early for an inset day-.-
burgers and cupcakes with Army of 7!!!
today my teacher said #SaySomethin over 10 times while explaining the new unit. SHE'S A SECRET MAHOMIE!
yeah priceless I got another comedian for you that's Filipino
Nice! Enjoy your new job. Hope to have you here for lunch often!
Raiders remake was a BLAST, a loving recreation that mixed filmmaking ingenuity w fanboy passion.
BITCH FREEZE
A moral compass is just a clock that isn't drunk enough.
Definitely Twitter. I am seeing tweets come up in tweetdeck now that I switched to the computer.
but triple h is the one mad at him. Stephanie is very high on him
Happy Saturday. I'm at the salon getting ready for my day.
So fresh and so clean
Twix or Snicker
Ain't gonna be kind if you cant be kind to me
www.SeductiveDreamWear.com SEXY LINGERIE WEAR, SEXY SHOES AND MORE!!!
This bitch need to get off my twitter!!!
and let the mother's day festivities begin!
I work at Bosley on Brady and Roots!
Follow Me Please!? 40
This looks interesting, Jeff. We will certainly give it a serious look. Hope you are well.
Thanks - Alyssa says I don't need any more shirts right now!!!!
Happy Anniversary!
Judge says Occupy Madison hasn't established right to specific location where it is currently encamped on East Washington Avenue.
it's called hubba hubba I think. It's free!
hectic means busy and busy is good! Hope you were able to have some down time this past wkd as well :)
bull crap, girls love corny,because it shows your trying. although they don't like insecurity,and can sense it a mile away.
Don't you be holdn back your love..
*shivers, rubs my arms* he's not quite the cat i met in my dreams. ..
big day today...start off like a workin man
May the fourth be with you.
Heading west to Ohio for a reunion this weekend at the Columbus College of Art and Design. ;)
can sure play some drums
Google Earth today in science omg
I absolutely love making people smile. :)
Karma....you need to stop procrastinating, and pay a visit to that certain someone. It's due time.
That moment you realize you've been doing it wrong this whole time.
#actors you are an original we love authentic
Blacking out is on my agenda tonight
a day of design on the pack porch, keep it up June weather! DO SOMETHING (TODAY)
Stopped w Teddy--no shoes no shirt and he still gets service
Bitch Please. You have no clue what your talking about.
just by the name alone, i'm glad i've never heard any crunk-core.
#MM Keeping Metal Alive in #Nashville >>
Softball Was awesome Great Comeback Girls!!! <U+2665> 19-18
I hate the tea party
3 Easy Ways To Get Back On Track via
ya, its rough. its a whole different world down there. you dont even here about it on the news its so everyday.
If #SidneyCrosby and Malkin want to go, let 'em go, ref. #ClaudeGiroux is the face of the #NHL now
yeah man its the hang
Tim Jones VP of Netspeed Learning is introducing Cindy Clay
Rewarding my body today with a healthy breakfast and yoga. You only get one body. What are you doing today to take care of it?
Lighting Design forms the backbone of any interior design as it plays a major role in creating the perfect kind of ambiance!
The people who truly love you are not only the ones that build you up, but they are the ones that break you down to your skeletons.
Thx for the updated flyer. Will spread!
Been awake for 21 hours. At least I'm about to enjoy 5 hours of sober sleep!
Working 7 hours at the Gregory Heights branch library. Been here 25 minutes and had one question about getting a library card. Slow.
It's so sunny out, But it's super cold.
THAT is one of the greatest problems in education. Teachers should not feel threatened by mommy/daddy administrators
always puts things concisely. I love the guy. VP choice for would be awesome!
thanks for the retweets!
The preliminary competition, to be held on July 27th, and the final on July 28th, will be streamed live through UStream’s channel.
Every1says they do fashion interested 2 c who's going 2 b fusion 0n 8/5 it's invite only & will b aired on bravo If u r not there hey?
Well said, Mitch. Glad you are not neglecting DH has some work to do too, on being a good example for our kids.
The Becker?
Gary Ross, Catching Fire.
My favorite childhood book..."Where's Walden?"
I'm picking Nyla up and this random lady comes to my window and says hi to me. Her face scared the shit out of me.
Making GIFS with Ariel!
As you breath, another person takes his last. So stop complaining but rather live your life with what you got. Make every breath count.
Ray Rice not himself.
I just can't stop listening to Steel Magnolia by Steel Magnolia!
Few things are as maddening in sports than to watch your closer blow a save. Esp when everyone seems to just let it happen.
o ok that's wassup I'm watching tv
Hey, thanks - that means a lot. I look forward to your blogs as well. We are lucky for the inexhaustible supply of fodder!
12 more days till disney c;
surprised to see my old accounting bro today
Oh good, Now featured as the #earworm in my head: "Cecelia".
Where in Richmond can I find medium size (32 oz) Hubs Salted Peanuts for sale?
My daughter is the best. Thank you for having dinner with me and the #Merlot, #todiefor Hugs and Kisses, Momma Dukes !
Ohio shot 51/38/88 on michigan when they were supposed to shoot 43/33/69. So there's that
Just hit the big 3-2 and they said the I wouldn't see 16. How you like those apples?! God is so good!
"On Pole Day at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway what speeds should the IndyCars be going to satisfy you as a fan or not?" Answer the poll!
Oh my god I keep watching pot of gold over and over just to hear you sing I love you so much!!
I am becoming obsessed w/ the #client list!!!!
I get Carson...Leinert makes me ill. RT
To be, or not to be? To act and to act. Now that is the answer!
we're not friends.
R.I.P. WHITNEY "NIPPY" HOUSTON YOU WILL BE TRULY MISSED.
Future of the Academy: Peer-2-Peer Review and Data as Public Domain to create enriched mash-up culture
No cuz ur not following(ahem : )
it looks like a nice place to visit but I wouldn't want to live there.
Rehearsal for upcoming movie. Exhausting...Having a few drinks @ Stir NYC. Great selection of drinks.
"special" sexy funny
look at the source "aa_osborn" careful folks, he is an unreliable source
The West Indian American Day Carnival in front of my apartment tomorrow is supposed to be insane; drinking Red Stripe in preparation.
nope not at all :)
What's your favorite kind of lighting? Table lamps, sconces, recessed lighting, chandeliers, faux sky lights? to tell us!
cool bro
So far, so good! How are you?
I loved having Will Ferrell back on #SNL tonight!
Awesome!! My mom bought me a new tv!!
Sure, but it still seems as if Doc plays 2 PF's. RT Except now he's a center, no?
I just steamed rice. Now the whole house smells like I just steamed rice.
what up doe!!
what is it you were telling me to tweet for you?
Stranded on 395 but helped by good samaritans
Yeah!! Am disappearing, not on-net o! Coz i can see dat they'll tear me off if i don't...
I'm out at the very end of concourse C. All I see are fields, tarmac and lighting. No birds at all.
Some say: identity politics is a form of ignorant, intolerant bigotry, that the left empowers and encourages. ,)
We never have success with PAC 10 defensive guys Briggs is the exception but damn one out of 35 picks in what seems like 10 seasons!
grocery shopping with the madre(:
Please follow
#engaged concurrent sessions: (a) small business dev with Karen Mills ; (b) R&D/TechTransfer in New England
I would love to be friends with He just seems like a fun dude.
Happy day! Free haircut here I come!
that was hilarious.
I'm enjoying your blog, thanks Scott
follow her >>>
Check your DM got a question for you.
Prom week is in two week
covered in magnetic paint. next up, primer and then whiteboard paint.
"Don't judge me on what people have told you. Get to know me first."
RT : Byron thinking through 'Pleasure beyond 'sex acts': intimacy, closeness, bonds, friendship, social networks
You always make feel so special. :D <3
r u already following me?:o
Hey Folks. Tonight's show is going to be great. 8pm and $8. Thats a steal!
Apparently my iPhone doesn't know "kolache" is a word.. -.-
so sick of this bullshit job I'm working
RT check out the new website & support your local businesses! #franklintn #nashville www.tnbuylocal.com
DUDE WHERE R THEY GONNA PERFORM AT....?
don't deserve them but yet they're living and you were taken from us. I don't get it. There's never a moment I don't think about you, but...
Didn't get drunk. Win or loss depending on your point of view. Didn't lose at beer pong though :)
Welcome back and and your new team #PublicHealthPartyPeoplePlus1! See you on Mondays at !
Suddenly, I have a hankering to watch my "Office Space" DVD.
spider hanging over my stove, you deserve what you got.
haha that would be what its from!
G O O D N I G H T . Twitter #BedBugsBitinq ! <U+2665>
Fiancés, merely dating, close friends. Adverse actions against these people can lead to third party retaliation claims.
Enjoying a Friday night on #twitter is that sick?
how was your movie Friday?
Shopping in Chardon? Stop by for a brew! Tom Katlees tonight!
Can I get feed back from men I would like to why men cheat when they have good relationships at home? Can anyone give me an honest answer...
#TGIF Twitterville! It felt like it'd never come! Let's hear it from the #NFL fans: what game are you most looking forward to on Sunday?
Happy Valentines Day everybody, and Happy 1st Day Ever on the Radio Day for me! Thanks Tom Pappas!
At #seasms ready to hear no snow, great crowd.
NOW ANNOUNCING... Neil Young performing live at the Hippodrome, April 27 & 28 at 8pm, tickets go on sale to the public March 11th at 10am
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the girls who's name was the first thing a thought of
My sister just made herself cry
Welcoming the final four to Houston!!! Make sure to check out my website and schedule a little extra fun
Q: where do you find all the Brits in Dulles Airport? A: In a pub called Harry's
you usually email : talk to grad students, IMO
“: Kinda sad when icons of ur youth pass on & u ain't even old..... #RIP #MCA #beastieboys” -- tragic indeed RIP :(
I Love Twitter WAYMOREE Than Facebook /
Ahh why do you do this to me baseball... <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
“: ugh 6 days & I'll be back at school ...WOW .” damn I go back the 25th lol
In English please?
check out this arsenal: mucinex, anti-cough pearls that target the "cough" part of my brain, spicy indian food, mint tea, and nasal spray
Throwing discus in the rain<<<< But my coach says I could make varsity soon
The rhythms from the jazz jam session at Elephant Room is soothing my soul right now.
With younger executives in jeans and t-shirts, students might think a casual tone is all that's needed
My wife thinks Ed Reed has 'pretty legs'
Thoughts and prayers go out to everyone involved in the stage collapse at the Indiana State Fair.
Baby ringtone lastnight scared the fuck outta me while I was sleep
Listening too damn hard.
The Descendants. Too depressing. Carry on.
She won't even see it coming !
When your body convulses so much from the hitachi, that it changes the tone of the sound coming from said vibe.
Cool pics! I can hear Bukowski bitching now haha
Looks like I'm turning in early tonight... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
I can never safely talk around you again. You tweet everything I say.
Jumbudup the hell is that
Great...just realized listed my email wrong on big book order. Should have taken that half day I was supposed to take today.
nice! Please say hey to home for me. Do you live there in the off season too?
Well then let's meet and do something beautiful. Hehe :)
hey :) how has ur day been? <3
Taking nyquil and passing out
Work today... i'm really tired and don't feel like going... if by work i meant acting or singing i would not mind goin at all... :)
Reading #ThePerksofbeingaWallflower. Brilliant brilliant book. Please do yourself a favor and read it.
I couldn't care less about cards, but my MIL gets them for every opportunity and gets upset if we don't get her one with our gift.
TBud-smacking bouquet of wood smoke & pork filling the air- Our Bill L. has 85lbs of butts on the smoker NOW for 2events next week!
My first name would go well with your last name <U+2665>
that picture is awesome
TOM!!!!!!!! COME BACK SOON! ON POINT IS NO ON POINT WITHOUT YOU!!!!
I really hope was watching the first 30 seconds of Colbert tonight.
#ThingsYouDontDoDuringSex Update your facebook status..
Good Luck Charlie is honestly such a good show
of my got that dress cuz i wanted to be burnin up (i actually thought oof the song buying it) you never know. It might guve me extra
have you heard any reviews of See Rock City at Clague Playhouse? Or the Fantastics?
Good Morning. All praises due to God for this glorious morning...
The bass in these beats are incredible
Time go faster. Please.
Thanks for that list by the way. I was wondering when one would pop up.
I like to keep a lot of receipts in my wallet, it gives the illusion of money
thanks for retweet. I really only just "discovered" that bridge only to find out it'll be demolished soon. Such a beaut!
Stop staying up late RT : I am soo tired
Aiight I'm done working for the night. Need to network tho
hey beautiful how r you tonite?
#BeastieBoysEffenRock - so good to see you out there. Surviving. Representing all of us. Being human - what you do.
Nothing like a good DVD Christmas Day a$$ kickin' to keep healthy!
"Your latest setback will make it possible for U to achieve your greatest comeback." ~ Solomon 2nd Edition
AT&T U-Verse Commercial Audition, Denver Nuggets Commercial Audition, and then Nike Commercial Audition!!!
"Produced By Conference" hosted by Walt Disney Studios and ABC Entertainment Group. Should be a good 4 day run.
oh sweet. I'll be there next weekend in Houston! Let's hang!
I smoke all day everyday its not helping this time
Feels like for ever that I have been in this car. Shat!!!!
Just discovered your iOS app. The "Artwork Puzzle Game" might be a new addiction
Patriots/Broncos...boring.
Show is sold out!
"I would SO date a guy with a helicopter! Hello! Wknd shopping trips to San Francisco!?" about Kalon on The Bachelorette -
That awkward moment when someone asks what's wrong, and they're the problem.
So glad I don't have to take this Spanish final!
What's the funniest thing you've heard somebody say in their sleep??
my prediction for most epic fail in 2012? the mayans.
LOL THANKS RT You can tell a lot about a person by the type of smiley faces they use :)
#2012c19 or Virginia Jackson on "the Portent" in PMLA?
Do you or anyone you know is looking for additional income? Call at 4:00PM EST 218 548 0886 Code: 417091#
Super shout out to my new followers. I wish it was a button i could load u all to!!!
ON *Like Ah Boss*
I'm getting real hungry now, but I'm watching the Spurs game again! RT : And menudo = the breakfast of champions!
Hungry but don't want to Get up -__-
it's cool just tweet when ur done with exams if your still interested :)
You better call, why didn't you call yesterday?
I'd really appreciate it, man. Thanks!
It feels like summer! I can't wait!! This summer is gonna be CRAZY<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
$76.23 to fill the tank of a Honda Accord! F U oil speculation!
cause you'll be jealous that my gpa is higher than yours..
Had my 2 rum & cokes and going to bed, got to get up in 5 hours for work. am ready for another week.
Coach sacked after punching sarcastic player
great practice tonight
Getting finished with website & store, just some last min touches. Quick shout out to for all her graphic help
Claude Fischer is really killing it in the 'taking apart moral panic BS' dept this month. First Ionely Facebookers, today culture of poverty
Who's going to Huntington Park tonight to catch #openingday for the ?! Tonight, 7:05p.
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 47
RT : DLR to a kid in the crowd "What are you smiling at? I just might be your dad. This ain't my first time in this town."
I love you thank you!!!!! :D
Any fans out in Overton? We're playing a small show this Sunday night at New Hope Church. Doors open @ 4. Hope to see you there!
It's the first day of my last semester at
I'll show you all the over-air conditioned spots
I miss those big Stewie dolls that were there last season.
Aaron and I are going away for a week in a few months to kick it in mexico far far away from stress and business! Thank jeebus!
"I recently purchased a used truck from Wilde Toyota, and I was very happy with them. My sales associate, Marco Laguna, was great to work...
I remember u said u were coming around 6/10. what are the dates. Both kids bdays then (6/10, 6/19), so planning poss trips
Hyman Rickover~ It is necessary for us to learn from others mistakes. You will not live long enough to make them all yourself.
Clear eyes, creative minds, can't lose. Thanks for brilliant play at #ikids #app challenge
At last the week has come to a close, and I'm so happy to be staying in tonight!
Blasting tiesto is the only thing that's gonna get me thru this long day
This began with that one simple text message. And then the kiss.
take the breathing time!
hey I love you :)
I have too many social networking sites.
i want to be the next president... Lawd the white house will never be the same
When i wonder off...
Literary Criticism Professor loves #tvtropes . This day keeps getting better!
The flu can help jump start your diet. it's going around, so catch while you can.
Two more hours to pop on by for a $5 #Greek #Cheeseburger! Special is on until 4pm!
So cool the #1940census asked where they were living April 1, 1935!
can I have all three in one? :)
Lena, change your Twitter password. I just received a spam DM from your account. Others probably have, too. :)
Wait, Osama's body wasn't buried at sea shortly after his death? The government lied to us... I'm shocked. Wonder if he's really even dead.
I think I might burn my holiday shirts in celebration of not having to wear them anymore !
(GOP Debate is on CNN, that's channel 28 for all you Terps trying to watch!)
I LUV MINDLESS BEHAVIOR! RT IF U DO TOO! :) <3
What does my computer and the US government have in common? They always want to shut down on you.
The Miss India competition is going on at our hotel!!! Invite only... and I just scored 4 tickets!!!
yeah wednesday. your pitchers pitch against you guys & ours against us. gay i wanna pitch against you & my bestfriend!!!
fantastic. I'll be submitting tomorrow. Thank you.
BTW I'm reading it for your challenge / Book with psychopath protagonist.
Just going mad!
Back home. Ready for some
your insanely fawkin adorable
bet it was some nigga who makes that every 6 months anyway
WE ARE MARSHALL is apparently more terrible than I remember.
Um, so so far I have nothing to complain about...website fail?
#Woodberryfire Fireman still hosing bldg. Roads (incldg JFX s-bound) still closed. Access to Clipper Mill ok from west.
I'm gonna cry. Don't do it.
We all have one favorite burner on the oven that we use more often than the others.
Lost On LeMans is playing on Broadway outside The Loft! Be there!
Mornin twitter I'm up on da early side
omg did u bite him lol ?? xx
Congrats 2 'em u will love the things we are workin on!RT : what's the ring scoop
Someone tell Miguel to buy P90X
#Ignite ROI-get the client to understand the emotional value of their brand
omg! Hilarious!! U are so funny!! Thanks boo for the birthday wishes!!
UH Cougars comeback with 28 unanswered points to beat LA Tech! Great win guys!
many thanks for the kind words!
i thought the same!! xD
So we've made it to Wednesday but how's weather going to disrupt our day? Julie Broughton is saying, watch out! Tune in
Haha! I may just have to take you up on that!
Hey, thanks! How are you?
A. Dead Car Battery. 24 hr service. you make my life better.
Mobil Information Literacy session
after that shot on 15, I could be 100% wrong!
Life is measured not by the number of breaths we take but by the number of moments that take our breath away.
Still plenty of appointments for Monday and Tuesday! on monday and on Tuesday!
It depends on if/how they replace those characters. I'm giving Single ladies a 2nd chance b/c I like Denise Vasi.
in 2012 its more like iphone or android, neither blackberry nor #Microsoft matter at this point
I think it goes without saying I'll be dressed appropriately for the occasion of these pancakes; sweatpants, probably shirt.
daily practice to change mental patterns. just like in the physical world.
I didn't meet Matt. :( He wasn't at the meet and greet. :(
HEY, YOU SUCK!
is one of the best guys and musicians I have ever had the honor to work with. Keep it up E!
ZING! hahaha RT : Sorry to hear about your air conditioning situation RT : Matt Jones can suck my sweaty b***s
Thanks for following! Deborah
I have no invite and Im 100% blamming it on fact im a
sweet prof bro
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether .. Me and .
whats up with chucky saying your going bald bro?
“: Today's the last day to vote for Kopitar for the #NHL13Cover -- do you really want to see on the cover?" yes, yes I do
it's in cannon...
haha how is that cute(:
thanks so much!
thanks. Whenever you're in ATL or DC contact me.
Good morning loves ;D
Many people sleep more restfully after receiving massage therapy. The benefit often continues several days after receiving massage therapy!
I hate all these pictures of slouchy sad brides. Why would I want to buy a dress that makes me look like dying? Maybe all those sequins.
Sitting around with a bum right hand, killing time.
Me either!!
Sometimes I feel like I have no friends:(
love it!! it's second season has been on PBS the last two weekends. the lead is fantastic.
I have real life ones, Ive been going out to watch the games, they are all jokes. Me and 1 chick made peace shes cool tho
The best DJ is , GOO FOLLOW HIM :), wish i had his job #IWantBTRAutograph hoping to win an Autograph
The UN Chief is warning governments against using the economic crisis as an excuse to cut funding for fighting AIDS.
Thanks to everyone in #Vegas who is shopping local for the holidays!
#Breaking Ted Thompson GB Packers "OK FANS I HAVE CALLED IN JUSTIN HARRELL"FA.
Tours of the Library today as well as 4 great workshops and the baseball game tonight
S/O to my best friends
hahah awesome! Thank YOU for listening!
Love The Band Perry. Please make sure your next single has an intro.
Update your application loader to 2.5.x if you start getting application launch icon has size (0x0) error during Xcode build
and a wild pitch scores Gomez from third just as Alex Gonzalez was bailing Timmy out by swinging at anything, 1-0 Milwaukee
I got mad love for you doll
Need a new plan in life.
no thanks I already have some.
A champion is someone who gets up, even when he can't
lmao do I ever?
this is probably going to be the longest ten minutes of my life..
Peace love and music. What more could you ask for.
Winners convince the other guy he's making all the right moves...and neither side is doing this in the lockout
Above all things, reverence yourself.
lmfao Ohh damn, I challenge u ;p
Happy Birthday to my amazing Husband Mike Jaciuk!! You don't look a day over 30 and a 1/2!! <3
I gotta spoil myself
smh, looked like i failed to kill myself lol. i still have yet to get her a new collar. think im get a camo pink one soon
Stocked up on CFL bulbs. Three for$0.97 at Home Depot.
wow. just wow.
Love #historicalfiction? Pls check out & RT our new trailer for #debut SLANT OF LIGHT by
wow thanks-- add that to my list!
its gone to be warm here in Dallas tomorrow highest 60f...yess!!
don't feel bad but happy to give it to him #therewardsofgiving try it!
Congratulations to the graduates, Much love and success to you always!
que "Ashes to Ashes"
It gives you the option to add video and add/delete professional additions/applications as you need which I appreciate.
Opening Day for baseball, NCAA championship, 2 hours of 24 all on one day? The TV Gods are cruel.
I overslept. I have to study pa. :| I'm still so sleepy
Hope you see my blog and follow me!
Guitar does play an integral part in book 2. If I'm not retiring, then I'm preparing myself.
Michelle, that's just cruel - I have two girls & I'm glad there are opportunities for them!
Why didn't Fredi Gonzalez get thrown out of games in September to ignite his team? That is what good managers always do during a bad slump.
It's a shame about ray and eating lemonheads
not looking good huh!?!
Israel Keyes lived at 2456 Spurr Lane, Turnagain home police were investigating on Tuesday night
yes can't wait! :)
thx holmz, great to hang w you - learning a lot and having some fun
Mary Bo Peep in metalshop today AHAHA
Season Two of Disney Channel&#39;s Hit Series &quot;A.N.T. Farm&quot; Premieres With Back-to-Back Episodes, Friday, June 1
i been blessed...bought a new truck....premium gas sucks lol.....high azz hell. Didnt kno it uses premium til after
what?? Is that even a possibility??
From a colt to a bronco lets see if he can bring a championship to da mile high city
propublica is looking for an education reporter
alright punch out you're done for the day leave me alone
sorry for delayed thanks for the retweet I appreciate it!
Oh my goodness! What happened?? :(
“: I hate when people say YOLO after everything. "I just ate some pancakes! YOLO." ...Stfu!!!”---
Send in your questions for tonights show now!!
Sure wish I could ride the rails to Milwaukee. rt Gliding to Chicago on the Amtrak Hiawatha Line. Best way to travel.
"Guess What" TV Ad
Without looking for people to point fingers at, there's no risk in finishing programs that work, but they have to stop anyway.
Wow, that's pretty awful. Price at iPhone launch, when you could see they were doing well: $120.56. Today: $610.
Shaun White is so fucking awesome dude .
Omg I swear pink oil moisturizer works miracles my hair hasn't felt like this in a while :-)
Lance-LoBiondo-Frelinghuysen also applaud call to pass payroll tax cut without delay
Oh wonderful. Bring RB :)
Can't wait! RT : Looking FWD to seeing you Fred!! RT : In Montreal first part of next week at
" Yeah, that asshole owes me money. Never trust a super-hero. [HA! no pockets on them tights!]
NO WAY! Keep him out of here! Please!!!
a win is a win!
I agree that SKOS and tools are in place and growing in application, but will take time to be ubiquitous
Heading to the 8th grade dance!! I hope its a blast!!
i bet lol do u still have those welks (i totally spelled tht wrong!) on your legs from corey hitting u this morning lol
just tried your link to ReadNow; looks like it has been pulled from the app store; bummer
Who's windows r U buying? 70% of companies sell 80% white windows. LEGACY 65% of r windows are nonwhite. Get the Perfect Window-Dont Settle!
glad to hear it:)
Thanks for the
Suicidal Thoughts has been my song since 8th grade.
its OK. How are you?
Dont cry on some #PunkShit , man yo happy ass up & get to it. If you Finna #RunThaTown, hop yo happy ass on board & #Let'sRoll
how long will the bath take. I've got to get to work pretty soon.
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you<U+2665> 7
First attempt at homemade protein bars did not go well.
your right. Your getting boring. Let me know If have something to talk about.
acquired #iContact? Figures.
need a cuddle buddy for these thunderstorms!
For you, it's a done deal LOL TEXT ROCKS!!!!! LOL
Thankful for the leadership that has given to Rivers Crossing... Excited to see what God has in store for Village CC!
home at last^^ wad a fun boring cool day. Lol
Just walked into and and the homie is killing it as always - #LostAngelesTuesdays -
I definitely would! Thanks for the tip
aww nice.. how did u do that effect ? (:
Dear Charles Barkley: Welcome to Irony Town. Population: You. Don't rip on my city, big guy.
BUY 3, Get 1 FREE! February 13, 2011 - March 31, 2012 - Good towards Pet Spa/Wash, Daycare, Boarding and/or Private Training Sessions!
You flirt and then you diss her. You ignore and then you say you miss her. You kiss and then you ditch her. Do you even want to be with her?
Good morning #sschat! Any favorite Nixon resources?
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
I love you too!
love Todd, but right now my focus is Detroit! :)
more like "hey can you pass this cat to the lady in front of you"
thanks love! Can't wait to rehearse tomorrow!
4 days to go for the Drawing, We are Giving Away #FREE Rug on June 30th. Don't forget to click like and share the words
My dog Alex (named after you) finally got a little boner while humping his stuffed dog. He's now living up to his name!
"I'm picking up good vibrations" -The Beach Boys
Finally signs of life in the golf game today. 4 birdies out of the chute, 2 more later. Golf gods spanked me too but overall a good day.
On the verge of puking my brain out, I WANT THIS SO BAD! Get em BLUE!
Happy Saturday, guys :)
Getting ready to check out Flurrious at Delaware Park (with Sarah)
Good point. Then again, my city doesn't have snow on the ground from October-May ;)
Spinning in circles tonight, come join. Also, I'm spinning the myoooosic. Dizzytastic!
I'm there. There's gonna so much molestation in our church!!!
#thisisengland88 holy fuck this is so good to see all my old mates again. episodes 3, 3 minutes in
If you have an iPhone (or know someone who does), you can use our ShoeBox app to scan and share old paper photos. Super easy!
lol....you don't want to see Devon!
In all seriousness peyton tweeted that picture. I wasnt in the room
Keep an eye on our updates in the next few days for the answer!
If God had granted all the silly prayers I've made in my life, where should I be now?
I'm going to be up in like six hours, I should prob go to sleep now..
Why are you awake lol?!
interesting.! sounds like a great storyline
Anyone out there know any NEBU engineers in the Northeast? Send them my way!
drunk sister: bad boys bad boys! who you gonna call?
what inspires you the most?
Thanks to everyone who checked out the show on WEdnesday. Much respect. Keep tuned for more happenings. God Bless
Thank you for the shoutout, Jennifer!
I'm gonna be in overtime.. gonna post some new bangers! Maybe even an rnb beat!
Gods gift <3333 (;
; we close @ 8pm tonite! Come by and see us!
here we go!
#Glee Live Tour in #lasvegas was fabulous!!!
IN THE BAY, HEADING TO LA!!!
happy b'day man!
Good afternoon guys! Whats up? I'm talking with my friends and drinking a Pepsi Lemon. This is a SUPER addictive!
S/O to my new followers and thanks guys!
opening eyes
B-day Bash Sale Satrts Now! Hit Up ZoeBeats.Com All Beats R Half Off $10 Leases & $125 Doller Exclusvies Purchase Your Tracks Now!
Get prepared for "Very Dangerous Weather" here in Virginia
i <3 the ready set!
How you spell my name? L-A-skweesha! RT : still trying to figure this out! I owe you a lasquisha call though ;)
very nice. Send them over.
I've offended some people with my tweets. Look, you gotta keep in mind that I'm a fuckin' dick who probably banged your friend or wife. Bye!
is that because you're a rich boy?
On the road with and
Poverty in the middle of America is not projects - it's trailers.
I just had the same tragic moment! Except I was told, "Finish your homework, then you can drink!"
Olympus's Ousted Chief Will Step Down From Its Board
thanks much for the follow & making music. Please come to #themusiccity soon
Good! And if you have ideas for topics for July's meeting, please let me know.
Getting a sneak peek of new solo tunes from right now ... Very cool stuff!
I Thank God For Tupac
Got to film a promo with for her show Bust at Studio Theater - she's awesome!
Your life is a reflection of the way you think. What you believe is what you become!!
Variety is huge! I agree. Find interesting reasons to tweet about it. Unusual connections. Bring in ppl.
Your tweet saved my life
I really wanna get noticed bye you <3 LOVE YOU SO MUCH<3
RT : Happy Birthday to French Fashion Designer Jean Paul Gaultier! Jean Paul Gaultier was born on April 24 1952!
encountered a bear at Strickler Knob...have never been more scared in my life
wild girl ,,,, send all of them if u want
Hoosier's win!! VCU your next! Go Big Red!!
Yeah, a typo is failing to put a space after an open parenthesis or leaving a period off the end of a sentence, Da-Da Dummy.
The hilarious moment when someone tries to make you jealous, and you actually don't give a fuck. ¯\(<U+30C4>)/¯
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
fist half-decent sleep last night since the bebe. feeling refreshed
is he searching with the correct long S, ie happineff? we were discussing that at #thatcamp yesterday.
GAB has certified elections for all four Republican Senators. Election day TBD.
Totally enjoyed the #WorldSeries this year. Time to return to my normal opinion that baseball is boring! Fun to see it differently for once.
who knows, maybe he'll suprise you!
So the article I co-authored on implementing LibAnswers across multiple service desks? Accepted.
get it, ladies!!
Quote of #WifeSwapAU in the first 5 minutes ... I've gone from the Penthouse to the Shithouse ... she's all class.
the mood taylor swift puts me in >>>>>
oh no! Just wait till they eat solids! AHH the joys of motherhood. hang in there.
Second to last day of initiative tabling for me at Costco. Seeking out Isagenix appointments for early next week!
"Cleveland, are you ready to rock?"
indeed it is! I was gonna pretend you won some contest, but actually nobody cared when i snuck it to the mailroom :)
Hey Ray! Thanks for the follow, I love Lynda!
MAHOMIES LOVE AUSTIN ! rt this guys!
If the Spurs win the title, I'll certainly be ticked, but not surprised.
Serious amounts of punning down here in Santa Cruz. cc: RT : Serious amounts of pruning have begun in Napa Valley
If I had a crush on you in high school or college, chances are you're ugly now and/or my tastes have changed.
JAY JAY THE JET PLANE. Hola babe. You should follow me :)
#SometimesIJustWant To Getaway From My Problems "/
amazing! The best man's speech was awesome too!
they're just sitting there laughing at themselves i'm just cyring
The Kahuna of Kona. Is that a book? I've really got both on my mind. Time for bed - perhaps more will be revealed...
Aight my wolverines won.now my lake show boyz need to tighten up.let's go.
And let the alley oops begin!
Got mine! I see lots of #VoteNo stickers at #MayDay2012! Holla back
MT There is no reserve seating & a large crowd is expected, so fans are urged to arrive early & carpool or take the Trolley.
PLEASE BE MINE, what i go to school for, 6 minutes, mandy,time for me to fly, underdog.
best tv movie ever! i refuse to delete from my DVR.
Hi Jeff, thanks for the follow!
hey beautiful how are u? OMG! I miss u! How is school? Xcited about Summer?
he gave evrythg to that prgrm He didnt plan on the timing. Who could? Cmon now what else could he have done? Say no,no way!
what video is the McCarthy reaction to the Vikings loss in? Do you know if that's online?
that and it means staff can deal will the 10k book backlog instead of wasting their time doing menial tasks.
#teenwolf fans who is excited for #teenwolf tomorrow???
yea I think we will give our core 1 more yr. we wasn't healthy this year and no telling what happens with zbo at 100%
“: Saturday night at the with Gonna be greasy one !!” grease it up brahs!
Ah, thanks for filling me in.
Judge: "How could you swindle these good people who trusted you?" Con Man: "Your Honor, you can't swindle people who don't trust you!"
Maybe I just think about it all so much, that that the fear stays close to all the ghosts I’ve touched.
That's amazing. I gotta check it out one of these days!
Happy Wednesday :-)
I absolutely LOVE your products! Some of the BEST I've ever used in skincare :)
Well, being the egalitarian I am, I'll let you draw your own conclusions.
People don't give Spike Lee nearly enough credit for the power of capturing a moment--what it felt like to live/be in that moment.
RT “: you going. To tonight for #GGW bikini contest ?”
SOULSTICE! road to LA party! PISCES bday bashes! LIVE art..music & dance! Be there early for performances! All !
Maybe will be inspired to do some tweeting now that their dad is home from tour? Hint hint...
No rust here, just getting beat on both sides of the ball. Perhaps smoke and mirrors at 15-1?
#madisonsmc would love to have you. Get your camera out and take pictures now.
and the shirt is off
What just happened!!??? Lmao
Babe-u Russ-u
Not that I enjoy seeing the Diamondbacks make big comebacks, but anything is good against the Cards.
congrats to my cousin on her feature in fitness mag! i'll call the club to get extra security for saturday...
Thank you and good luck! It is the best experience!
I'm not perfect, I make mistakes & I hurt people. But when I say that I'm sorry, please believe me. Because I mean it.
Is that a #CeleryRoot??
Hey Glen! Thanks for following me on Twitter; I forgot you said you did Twitter! Now I am following you too! :)
lol!!! We're both kidding though >:)
Hey I heard you like the wild ones ....
It does. I love nights like this.
Lessons frm Real Execs: Make change simple. Small steps can create a domino effect so in the end it looks like a giant leap!
did you just say nigga lmao!
I kind of love you<3
Pure love is a hard drug
All closets should have an e-ink display showing the weather forecast for the day.
shawt got a fat ass
Doesn't get more religious than that! RT : AW YEA! Just confirmed with pops that Christmas will be spent at Lambeau this year!
He tweeted it about 3 hours ago
"hey I heard you were looking for a gentlemen.. is it cool if he's Australian?" made me die. <3
RT : Thank you for all of your creative help!!! <=== We are glad to be apart!
I know! Me too! :( We have to have a night out soon! All we do is work.
should be 4-0 or so
Aww:') You're so sweet & I'm not the type to hate but I am the type to get jealous:/ but, Ali is just a pretty fan hahaha<3
What someone said to me<<<<<
go with elastic waistband pants...b/c time off = more than one beer.
if you really need marketing help hit me up
I love Mariah Carey <3
yeah but it's really #losing when you think about it
We are playing this Saturday night at Collapsing New People @ Headhouse: Voltheque and Troubled Hips. Saturday September 10th at 9pm.
Morning everyone!!!! No univ for me today:(.
Something most fans dont understand i think. Cliffy was an institution. Well said
I'm seeing Surviving Technology, Stratford CEO - they got nailed by Anon.
If you aren't following these days, I question your allegiance to America.
of the show HIRED THX for following #Boston Worst! Are you Against a Written Test at a #job #interview asking AGE?
nice website
what comes to your Blackberry? :P
but babe yes you are how can i make u believe u are beautifully gorgeous
Text me, need to restore #'s.
The world is full of people looking for spectacular happiness while they snub contentment
Car breakdown on canal street? Bad luck for fans on
Wholeheartedly thirded - she crushes it on a regular basis.
wait what's your screenname or Google email?
According to Scumbag Steve, Thursday is the scummiest day of the week.
Almost a year. x) I want 60+ years. <3
Thank you for your kind words. The book club who hosted me thought it would make a good movie too. I'm just happy it's a book!
Oh god, and are on twitter now. God help us all.
Ah shit !! You want lunch and dinner too !! Lol .. Jk !! What would medina want to eat this Monday morning :) British accent
He take his free throws too serious
Comment from audience - probably used but not check'd out possible.
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy but your sexy so have my babies!
thanks dude, Im stoked
Trying to shop for pants and you pick out a cute pair then they end up being too short. #tallgirlprobz <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Back in stadium manager sessions till noon with then its poolside with the sun.
Insurance called me back within 60 minutes and gave m a claim number within another 30 minutes. they were great.
Next art opening is July 10th. Details to come.
Odds are better it wasn't me.
Alyssa Shouse Our Role Model Trend this^^^^^ <U+E056><U+E056><U+E056>
How I Met Your Mother xD
Talk doesn't plow the field
“: I really dislike that team - their attitude disgusts me lol smh” Hell yea...fuck the Lakers. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> lol
Dear everyone, your thoughts and prayers that my grandfather had a pain-free and peaceful passing.
Current studies shows that soldiers were taking nerve agent pills, extra DEET bug spray
Happy birthday president obama
Just wrapped interviewing some of the cast of The First Lady! Got a smooch from Taimak! Lol
Since I'll be out of town for the Prince dance party on 6/2 at the Majestic, Girl 6 will have to do.
ponte El mop
So, #Irene. You're really screwing up my moving plans. Subway official shut- down as of 12 tomorrow.
I feel like you're following me
Is it just me, or does Google suck lately? Gmail has been a giant bug.
on twitter!! lol
is killin it right now.
Would rather see USC if u beat them u have a better chance at recruiting talent in So Cal
+1000 MT : Alexander Clark: compelling argument at UMD Mayfest that linguists need to understand computation.
well that's great to know!! Nice to meet you Tess!
hey Andy! Didn't speak but would love to chat more
school tomorrow <
Ive been crying ever sense I got home from school! Plus a few more things in top of that.
Both if them are starting to dress like me
Thank You. :)
Thanks to all those who came to the premiere last night!! It was a great night! =)
My penis said so.
Ha! So true, attentiveness is the best gift from the men in our lives...
Thanks, I'll have to check them out! Happy Holidays :)
awww!!! You're super cute!! Thanks again!!...I have to see you soon!! :D
I stopped watching Modern Family because it turns out I really can't make myself care what happens to rich people
My neck is starting to feel stiff from football today so I hope that it is all better by tomorrow.
am awesome thanks :) so why have u been so silent?
Reading suggestion: Escape from Cubicle Nation: From Corporate Prisoner to Thriving Entrepreneur by Pamela Slim ()
That was TB vs. NY game 162 last year x100000
Making moves like a dancer
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate You coulda shaved that thing. (While looking at her face)
Came home frm the hospital me and the baby OK ugh man I thought I would never say this but I miss my mama she really jumps in sometimes
Our Business Assistance Specialist provides many programs, most of which are free to all the businesses in the city.
That's why you're the greatest #DCU fan!!!
Now we've got 1,069 fans and a show with Craig Owens! We're so thankful for everyone who supports this band!
well you see I go pretty hard on the weekend ;)
sounds good. just not 2nd week of May. will set it up.
I love coming out here and getting away from Vegas for awhile.
FOLLOW MY MAIN (:
Back from Illinlos Holocaust Museum. Great group of teachers! Wonderful program.
Day off tomorrow!! Dont know what to do!! xD
I want subs so bad
go follow she(:
Twilight #BreakingDawn, Part 1 is actually worse than Harry Potter 7, Part 1: Harry Goes Camping for Four Hours.
OBAMA my boy
Whats the point in you drinkin if you gon always throw up n not remember much? U mean to tell me u like that shit?!
we're looking into it
I'm not going to be there but I'm sending to handle my dirty work
you followed so many fans but im not one of them hope #someday or #onetime you will follow me back
now its oldies music...for her. Thats it...IMA BLAST VOLUME TO FULL BLAST..HOPE FOR ME THE BEST! :)
This summer i look forward to __________
I promise.
Well we miss you! Come back!
Dear heart i met a boy today prepare to shatter.i didnt prepare so my heart shattered in tiny pieces bt got together again da day i met u.
Criminal Minds >>>
i saw the CUTEST little boy today and i was like omg if only you were here with me
You ARE
Watching the #VMA and snookie is veryfunny but one thing I hate is Justin Beaver or is it bimbo or biebo or FRIGGIN ITIOT :P he realy is yep
Come your way. Definitely applicable to life in many ways!
You always know how to make me smile when I don't want to.
I just drove down 45 south with no headlights on.. I'm such an old man
oh I have no problem with it. Just thought they were high quality heckleings
Memphis Grizzlies On Fire!! Believe Memphis!!
spiritual homelessness w/ a side of hermit crab
"May the Fourth" be with you, Happy #StarWarsDay :)
please follow meh
she looks like she's twelve though.
Well, that final scene is definitely the strangest thing I've ever seen on tv.
I hate how my phome spazzes out and wont let me get texts :(
I thought u were gonna watch bball? #whatupwiththat?! ;)
Gr8 c-ing u on Twitter this week!
good form! i love it!
I feel u.
What happens to digital engagement when it is "co-opted" in school settings?
I wuv you
It's an all time low kinda day XD
God Morning!! TG its MuthaF'in Friday!! :) Hope everyone has a great day and weekend!!
amazing to watch isn't it? Just goes to show seedlings don't matter in hockey playoffs. Just get in, and hot
RENTAL CAR MUSIC .
Just took kids on a field trip to Springfield Illinois! I am in the best profession, I provide experiences!
<U+2605> <U+2605> Be sure to checkout our newly launched website www.MOMENTUMCLEVELAND.com and see what we can do for your next party or event!!!!! <U+2605> <U+2605>
cupcakes and yoga. Sounds like perfection to us!
In 1964, 50% of kids rode their bikes to school and obesity rate was 12%..... In 2004, 3% rode to school and obesity rate was 45%. Go...
Check out our new iGooPons on August 1, 2011! Sign up NOW and get a free $5.00 gift to use on any first purchase!
In addition to Twitter filtering via lists, I'm also blocking noisy folks on FB. Makes some conversation threads hilariously one-sided.
F1: Mugello testing day 3 - Selected driver and team quotes
Ela's Fellas offer eco-friendly, nature-inspited ornaments. Say hello to all of the Fellas at The FINAL Ballston A&C Market Sat, Oct, 8th!
My dad was like "Maegan, have you brushed your hair this morning?" no. I'm not going to either. IDGAF. Yolo.
that's a big statement my friend! why may i ask?
my love <3333333333333
If you HAD to choose would you rather gain $10,00 in debt or 50 pounds in body weight? Pauly will read your replies later today around 2:40p
Dog shopping today with wes!
This is the part of me that your never gonna ever take away from me, no.
Hey Maria! I see ur doin great... you've grown alot since the Crescendo!
sales in Oct were not slow for used car dealers!!!
Would love to see Lucy Liu on the shortlist for "The Thin Man" remake... Any other suggestions????
Ugh. Lots of families gathering tonight -- just getting word a 6yr old in Aloha injured in a bbq explosion. Be careful out there.
STOP Texting While Driving! Go to Web Sitebelow-Join Now-Sign up as Customer$100/$49mo Call 1(877)477-SILK Save Important Lives w/Knowledge!
I've realized that there are so many stars on the walk of fame i don't recognize...this must be remedied.
Why does tomorrow have to be Monday? Ugh
“: Tim Tebow to the Jets is like Jonah going to Nineveh. Rex Ryan won't know what hit him.”
Selling 4 tickets to #ERASURE in #Asheville (Sun, Sept 4). DM me if interested!
“: Free pitchers courtesy of batch #happyhour #shmacked”
library on a Saturday
NOT EVEN YOUR OWN WORST ENEMY!!!! YOU PROBABLY LIKE YOURSELF ALOT!!!!! SELL FORTS!
Sure! And also the one with the super-detailed b&w drawing of a man's face alongside super elaborate patterns on the walls
Yes I saw that!!! I live the hot messes!!!
OMG I have been wanting to do that forever. yay!
The new LinkedIn App on the iPad is fascinating... Still trying to figure it out though...
experiencing "threat level pumpkin," which means i'm all out of pumpkin butter. stay tuned. -lisa
I thought you were going to win <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
New pic is from Thursday's Orientation!!! Awesome to meet those who attended and looking forward to meeting everyone else soon.
It's so nice out<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I tend to feel like a lot of people are awkward but maybe I'm just the one who's awkward....
mine is Friday :/ I've been studying like crazy I'm so nervous
Sad and funny is exactly right. Watching the first inning of last night's game was painful. Could be a very long season.
And derby plans are officially in the making!!! #soexcited thanks to !!!
Oh the weather outside is frightful, yet I keep warm inside doing cardio. Gotta lose all my fat. Must let it go, let it go, let it go! Yo!
Watching Once Upon a Song w/ the little ones & ma sat down 5 min later "wait this isn't The Perfect Teacher" no it is not haha.
Seas. Prem. "How Can I Help?" re: Organic Farming airs 6/3 ITV. Third episode airing 6/15 "De-constructing construction" features GSB!
Maybe Tax Day will mean fewer Titanic references. Certainly hope so.
Senior picnicking with super awesome people because we're awesome
Top chef all stars kicks ass.. Love that show.
": In an increasingly noisy world, silence and solitude is the solace needed to think with clarity and purpose."
Loved Dr. Horribles Sing-Along Blog !!!! awstastic!!
I think my issues with the opera stem from the music and its dissonance with the plot...
The Obama policy I would overturn would be their withdraw of the child labor regulations. Time to end child labor deaths.
which part of Manchester do you live in??? My friend will be there tomorrow!!!!
Absolutely... their 1 game per week gets dissected for 7 straight days non-stop
Tomorrow right? I work but y'all have extra fun for me.
sorry for the delay, but we'd love to be profiled! Let us know what you need from us.
Omfg Harry <---- I love that trend<3
Tonight am coining the phrase "whimsical imperfectionism."
#mla12 tip: When pitching a ms. to an editor, describe it as a book (“I’m arguing…”), not a research project (“I’m interested in…”).
Tell me about it
Watching the girl with the dragon tattoo with my beautiful mother <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
I need to find a candy store asap
Last time I'll be able to have In-N-Out for a while...</3
*doesn't go back to bed because he realizes he has some serious info cramming to do*
do they not see my big rock? ;)
Love you Anita B.
just about gametime IUE v. IWU, first national tourney appearance for the red wolves..they seem ready to go
Looking forward to tonight's screening of Omega Point at Loyola, the new doc. on JK Toole which drew significantly from our JKT collection
At the #DC #StemEd stakeholders Summit. Interested to find new ways to works w/ #DCPS bring computer programming to more students
Did you know Robin Hood has a famous cousin? She's kind of small, wears a red cape, and is on her way to grandmother's house.
There is no joy in dark chocolate
Gonna eat dino nuggets at garfeilds
Kicking it with the Bromies in Tennessee tonight.
What up witt it? I been working on that "Texas Tornado" My Mixtape.. Imma keep you posted Twitter Fam.
That's probably where I fail. Afraid to spend money to stay healthy. :)
Hm... I wonder who you will take!!!!
yuck!! I'm sorry love!!
just because they like it dont mean i am
You want folks to support you? It's a TWO-WAY Street.. I can't stand a selfish person who thinks they're invincible.. Just sayin'..
Wisconsin is Algonquin for "Endless Road Construction".
Your main bitch is my new hoe.
hey boo , you in school ?
#yawn just 5 more minutes. Who's with me? Z....
I LOVE being Alexsia's personal slave for the day !!
(anti-capitalist mousemats and frisbees) Now there is a great capitalistic idea!
I think I was more interesting yesterday...
you still in skinny jeans? might be worth the trip just for that “: Stones Throw in right now at MOCA. Get.yo.ass.over.here.
Lemme just say for what it was I thought it was PERFECT. and his dancing....wow. coulda used a little more of that even ;)
I'm really excited to see the boyz on ABDC again but I honestly don't think Julian should have danced with them.
You're welcome! See you in Israel!
Thanks!! RT": Listening to 's cover for the second time. Solid. Honeybear - Old Fashioned Morphine #soundcloud"
"The Faculty" is trending, I bet that's the 1st time that's happened.
always got a cold ass avi...
re: blog comments <- yes, that too! we've been using wiki for blogs in 6th but I see you use kidblog?
Blazing out here :D
please follow me, I'm trying so hard for you to notice me, but I'll
Got the wrong priorities fckd up
click on www.insanityshirts.com
OK.. I am PUMPED for the #brewers games this next week. Having 2 days off of watching baseball has been really LAME!
text me
Good Fuckin Night Everyone!!!!
So, what I'm hearing is that the odds of being told the slim odds of winning Mega Millions are pretty high.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!!!;D
Keggs in Houston does a lot of speciality candy & I'm pretty sure they ship... Good luck!
Share with us... How did you light it up blue yesterday?
Really miss !! I hope she has a great time!!!
You bet.
Hello Jonathan, How are you tonight?
At Marty's, listening to mixes.
Pretty much addicted to online shopping and all of these deal websites...finally ordered a kindle and it gets in Saturday...score!
I teach both online & in person and use blackboard for everything. It isn't that 'pretty' but it serves the purpose.
The have looked horrible ever since a great shift from the 4th line halfway through the 2nd. Now trailing 4-1
I'm up for lunch or afternoon coffee on Friday. I plan on spending the morning working in l5p.
Happy Pi Day, y'all.
A New Breed of Roast Chicken, Cast-Iron Seared - New York Times
True, but I always hear very mixed reports about the AC games.
150 parents, teachers, etc gathered at Mother Bethel AME. Speaking out against school privatization & closures, 1 Rev calls to "occupy 440"
EASTERN CONFERENCE FINALS: SIXERS&PACERS.... WESTERN CONFERENCE FINALS: SPURS&THUNDER.....
Netflix "DMT". Enjoy;)
lol....woah anthony! Hes a big boy, he knows what he said. Yo watch raging bull deniro an pesci mad young great movie
Thanks for the RT ! #HARO is a great resource for PR pros!
Ok so..Jeremy is in the middle of a deep thought,Cameron is spending the night at his gf's house,and Matty & Anthony went to practice
congratulation for Lady Gaga
sounds more like dating to me!!
heard this epic rumor,and wanted to know if you will follow you fans?:)
haha so we REALLY need that picture then xD
it'll only take less than nine , to say you'll be mine, and then be my valentine , <3
Thank you, sir. Going to see if I can get an appointment for my mom's dog, needs surgery :(
where can i get more details...I'm a Singer starting get my jump start let me know
July 2015...... I can hardly wait...... psychology graduation...
I seriously hate having no money . Monday needs to hurry up and get here !! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Habermann: if what you have is discovery metadata, call it that! We also need use & understanding metadata
Dodgeville-bound, with awesome presentation and lucky sweater in the bag! Should be great day for
Strange to think the 1 I spent everyday with last yr is the 1 who I thank God is out of my life...Thanks for showing me what I don't want :)
Going running around the neighborhood with Molly, Olivia and Jess,(:
Now I understand why a lot of girls turn lesbo! Guys are dumb as eff!!
Hey So Cal, the draft may be cool to watch for Lakers/Clippers, but please remember we have another team playing now. GO SPARKS!
“: i stopped by yesterday, what an awesome place! #chicago” thanks
my go-to iPad apps for biz trips are Twitter, Pages, Skype, IMO, the rest of the time is email and safari
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. -Sir Winston Churchill
yeah miss u both!
way to go NZ!
We are - Loved your big ideas on Community Management! Are you a grad?
Colors are definitely tough to get just right. We hope to find create a good mix of colors, patterns & designs . Thx!
i hope. We are going tomorrow too. Cobb needs to be lights out with this lineup
wait, so he walked around with per for 44 hours? Gross...
Is that all it will take? We will work on that! (Thank you for your patience, and humor. We'll look into this error.)
and I get it! wow...Seiler!
haha. That's some true funny shit right there!!! All we need is Shannon sharp to bring up the rear!!!
Nice to meet you Nathan. Thank you for following.
My friends just won't the trifecta bet on I'll Have Another in the derby today...just won $48,000...this calls for a celebration!
I never really liked your girl friend... Never really gave her a chance
lucky! It starts later so u get to sleep in. :O I'm going to a new school yesterday and it starts at like 7:40
You were in my dream last night! Haha, I guess that's what happens when I watch your video before bed lol. Funny vid! :)
Is there anywhere anyone's been dying to try??
The more I learn about dogs and cats, the more I know I need to know about dogs & cats. Love your pets with wisdom. Make their food yourself
. looks like you redesigned. sweet. one thing - i can't figure out how to tweet an article after looking for several minutes.
Mt. Dew hurts when it comes out your nose.
I'm so thankful for my friends and family.
Thanks so much for coming in at the Baltimore Harbor! It was great to have you!
I worked w/communities in Indonesia to help w/poverty mapping. Interesting to see a study outcomes of that methodology
Did you say that before the last time they met? Any given Sunday...
On to three-way mock #Chiefs at No. 11, gang. Let's say Riley Reiff or Luke Kuechly or Michael Brockers.
One week till the 2012 NEO Spring Avant-Garde Art & Craft Show! We're so excited to see everyone and meet all the shoppers! Counting down!
so lastnight was a fun time (: tonights gonna be even funnnnner !
Buffalo. Black Beans. Buffalo, Black Beans. From the range.
Just realized that The Bach Society Candlelight Concert at Powell is on the "100 STL To Do" list. I actually feel honored.
Liam looks so sexy when he's running away from the paps.
I think Conrad needs to go back down.....that last at bat was horrible.
Beautiful day hanging out in the tasting room talking to lots of nice folks. Busy day!
ABT TIME SMEBDY CALLED CARRY ON RONDO!!! HE DO IT EVERYTIME s/o to tht ref!
Shut Up And Smoke
Tennis + Grilling Burgers and Corn on the Cob = Happiness
will u do my nails? Ur sis looks good. :-)
Where is this? I must do it! RT : There is a 5K obstacle race course themed after zombies, in which people run for their lives.
playing golf on the Wii with the egans
you want me to beat her up for you? JK JK
Thanks, Charlie -- was worried you were mad about our MSFT consumer relevance exchange ;)
do you wanna join the Church T (called 3T)?
Yea just not when you have to drive everyone around haha
hahaha! Should have known!
Moment of silence for that wreck I just passed. It was pretty brutal.
wake up!
Easy to dream a dream, though it's harder to live it- they gonna love me for my AMBITION<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
First submissions are here, check out our youtube Channel and vote !!!!!! youtube.com/thegreataudition
thanks for all the tweets last nite!!
Who knew AOL was even still around.
Dude..absolutely! Always great to see you, too! I'm sure we'll catch up next weekend! Talk soon.
nice Drew-Ham
RT : The problem isn't when transformative ideas get institutonalized, it is when it gets co-opted. Yup.
happy zombie day!
pretty much sayn yo no good ha. . . But how's that #Westcoast livin young?
lmaoo i went everyday out this week missing one day aint gonna make me dumb they do the same shit everyday anyway lol
hey guys! have fun learning about twitter!
i got a need. a need for speed
All right... I have to come clean... I'm Melissa's attorney and I sent the letters... Live with it...
Attn Dog Groomers: Offer your customers an allergic/sensitive dog package using our line. We offer our shampoos in gallon sizes!
if only more Americans educated themselves on/cared about it, maybe we could collectively make an intelligent decision.
RT Think it's the other way around. Go to the yes ones first and then the no's will follow.
And not in a cheesy romance novel kind of way.
Pretty boring day in the sports world
Where has cider been all my life?
Hanging out with my friend at his new home!
lol at #tweetjacking. Yeah - our church had a BHM program and I sang a WH medley in tribute.
Thank you to all the gals who came to "Lunch & Learn" with We look forward to your support in April! #Pennies ^ds
Or rather, I'd LOVE it if it didn't keep crashing Chrome. Seriously, wth?
i think these are the best comments i have ever seen on planet earth
Just watched THE SENTINEL, one of the most bizarrely star-packed cheesy horror movies of the 70s.
watching FRIENDS <U+E337><U+E337> <U+E056>
OMFGGG my aunt just saw me -_____-
built new house, got our rory, new car, taught @ new school, hiked smokie mts, celebrated first yr of marriage...2011 = eventful.
The Continental Army was a literate army, "and the American privates read Thomas Paine." Washington's Crossing p139 David Hackett Fischer
I like the nytimes.com/technology page Jenna! Excellent content, Thank you
my phone keeps going off...
I'm so proud of Austin, but I'm always gonna miss the times when he was unfamous.
just trying to make it through school! I saw you got a big samba gig!! Nice!
Third baseman Aramis Ramirez will probably not return to Chicago on the other hand Epstein had a good conversation with Zambrano
Excited to c & talk about new library spaces!
why, because it's cheap?
Happy Founders Day AS alumnae! Alpha Sigma chapter brought #WDA to Ohio Wesleyan U for 53 years, starting May 9, 1924.
seeing what others have is what makes electronics recycling day fun
Yeah, Yeah, Yeah
I think its cool how when you kiss, your lips just naturally move.
oh god he needs to get a life
the birds are chirping right outside my window. i love that. nice to know there are birds in midtown.
HI. All servers will be in easter bunny custumes;). I kid. normal menu, normal deal. Are u thinking brunch or dinner ?
Wait so I can listen to the new Mastodon album on the day it comes out on #spotify? Awesome.
Ooh! A quarterback controversy! No, I think it's an interesting idea but doubtful they do it.
I know, but it'll FLY!
Ready to hit the stage for night 2! Everybody Come out and see an awesome show tonight! :)
Cant wait til my boy Anthony Pettis fights tonight
I can't take this I don't want to be in this house anymore
Also, who is the moron that shot that video? Apparently, the world's biggest Tyler Hansbrough fan?
Sousieee, you offended? :-*.
OMG. So foggy this morning #SanDiego! How is your #Friday going so far?
“: Even before he worked out for Broncos, Peyton Manning worked out for 49ers and underwent a physical this week.”
Gotta get that bunt down
I am from the east coast but that doesn't matter I will say that is my Rolflmao st this reunion. I am now a fan of her LOL
Thanks Vets. We like what you gave us and promise to take care of it.
The plaid one? You cannot steal that shirt, it is my favorite and I will fight you Ahab-style for it. :)
if it komes to it., ill get ya wife., and when it komes to it iRun through em like a yellow light.!!!
Some people grin and bear it; others smile and do it. -Anonymous
This is what we look like when Wade and Lebron are not aggressive and we are running the offense through Bosh
I got a wife I don't need no other chick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
It could be worse, you could be a Padres fan.
TWEET TWEET
hah yeah I guess that's true! Hell yeah round 2 but idk where we're going yet lol
You're cool copying 's tanning bed picture exactly. #not what's funny is you hate her, yet you're copying her?
please follow me:) #TEAMBIEBER ;) thanks!!!!
dog denver not fuckin around! i hope they beat these niggas!
What the frack?
Is laughing at this 12 yr old who asked me if I was the President yesterday (I had just come from church) he was serious too! It was funny!
lol are you getting the 11s
Congratulations on your engagement!
I love my wifey
So cold outside ;/
those are the bandwagon fans dude
So wasn't expecting that play!!!
He who rejects change is the architect of decay. The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery. – Harold Wilson
I'll be in Jacksonville next week...
If we work together, we can change things. Man made problems that we can solve
Watching Shark Night on Netflix!
Great work out today! Now back to the grind happy veterans day
SO GOOD!!!! The turkey gruiere burger is muy delicimo!!!! My sis used to work there.
Stuck at school till 3...atleast im with my favorite teachers..
Just accepted all of my IU money
Just Sharing the love, to stop the spread of HIV. I Fight it with Life, Love, Art, Magic,& Meds lol
“: #DiggyDissinJColeIsLike Telling Mindless Behavior That They're Today's B5”
so jealous of everyone on the west coast :( i just want to ( ) Please come east :)
Fourth Q 2010 = 1st Q ever when more smart phones sold than computers. Computers are so 90's.
I know why everyone is so excited today! Today is exactly one month until my birthday! Oh and I guess it's cool that it's
The guys in american pie are so fine <3333
Ravens beat the Texans by a score of 20-13! Time to find out who the 49ers will be playing next Sunday: NYG OR GB. fb.me/cablecarpub
Old Colorado City.
Procrastination Alert: You could wait for the market to go back to the way it was but it will never go back to pre-Internet days.
if its gonna rain, this is the part of the week to do it !!
4-Alarm Fire Damages Filmmaker Tyler Perry’s Atlanta Studio
I just wanna go somewhere and sing right now.
in july
A man always blames the woman who fools him. In the same way he blames the door he walks into in the dark. ~Henry Louis Mencken
Graduate students in the helping professions needing to experience "therapy" or counseling are encouraged to schedule sessions now!
Barack Obama campaigned on cutting the national debt in half. Instead, he has raised it higher than ALL previous Presidents combined!
Lesson 1: Start and finish with "the troops"
looks like Google now. I like it!
had a good 8 hours sleep last night yet i am still exhausted and have a headache
"Justice Alito, with a wry smile" IN THE CHAMBERS, amirite?
Got done doing an art workshop at a boys & girls clubs which went well & am finishing the night off with some nachos @ Putters...m!
NEW wine tasting kicks today day with happy hour or a great Monterey Pinot-CA wine, with silky texture and pure, vibrant Pinot Noir flavors.
what did they give up a relief pitcher? Was Santos better than Marmol when he was young? RPs are volatile
Furthermore, even if they did find out the truth, you think they're going to risk execution or getting their families murdered? C'mon now...
Life has its challenges,some of us will prevail but some of us won't.Staying strong and positive is the key to prevail.
Can't wait!! Six and a half more hours <33
#FF , cubiclechick, , miss seeing you all and hanging out at
For verses from lil meta or beats from super producer mike da rockman call 561-685-2808. In studio working for ft. Schedule is almost full.
Thanks for the RT Always a pleasure trading info with you!
Sounds like the perfect way to spend the day! RT I spent my valentines with FIDM @ the exhibit, fabulous!
hey! When is u next song /video coming out?
Constant ringing in my ears. I guess that's better than constant buzzing.
but it's for your security.
Lmaoo RT : what is wrong wit you RT Famu was in my mentions so hurt today!! Like a zeta trying to get a prom date.
By all means, keep spending money you don't have. It has worked so well up 'till now!
I think some people get a little too obsessed
3 events in the museum today, and all of them corporate- it's exciting to host events and mtgs for so many #ABQ businesses!
you were talking shit about paddy quinlivan... NO ONE talks shit about paddy q.
wud up sir,u aint came and holla at ya boy yet
I just think that Niall and Demi should just be friends.. But I will respect any decision that they make.
When the Sharks were eliminated, I decided to root for the the Preds and the Flyers. Can I pick 'em or what?
uconn up 1-0 on Pitt. We need Uconn to lose so we're cheering for pitt for the night. Bulls need to win first lets go Bulls!
all this skate music on my hard drive...r7G
Watching Jurassic park ||| gosh I love Jurassic park I remember when I wa little I cry at the end for no reason lol I'm so stupid
that sucks. Keep me in mind if you're out here again. We've been here since 2009. It's nice, but far away from family.
SPIN CYCLE! Boozer!!
still jealous, haven't been since last year! I'm planning on winning the lotto at some point so I can be on a perm-vacation :)
Its 1 hour per kid, not 1 hour per mother. That way they can bill twice.
Hi! Hope all is well with you!
i dont trust anything
What? Your video contributions alone place you in the top 10.
So #Newt wants to build a moon base while we are borrowing 40 cents on every dollar we spend?
Bass shades of Larry Bird?
are you comin to school tomorrow?
Flew in to Seattle today for a little vaca then off to Ohio in March for the Arnold Classic!
And I could take another hit for you and I could take away the trips from you and I could take away the salt in your eyes
Stuck in a Minneapolis jury assembly room without any idea of how many hours or days this may take. This is the most bored i have ever been
A Saint Is Just A Sinner Who Fell Down & Got Up.
.... shouldn't have dropped out in the first place but you live & you learn I guess....
I don't know, those penguins are persistent wee things...
These bitches better not be talking bout me.
Where is that?
Absolutely. Love it. Anyone else on Goodreads?
lol yeah, they could care less tho as long as Trey songs was on it.
update to previous tweet: check the video at the bottom of the page at the 2:17 mark for David's comments :)
you know, Willy Idol, that guy who recreates Billy Idol songs using only whale song recordings.
would you plzz follow me back. It would make me so happy
your tweets better not be about me.
#AccesoTotal -innovation to create awareness and sales in Hispanic music industry
Me too, Brotha.
sorry, my bed looked warmer.
Thats what she said :) RT too much meat.......
In need of research? Contact us and relax.
my phone don't work
Its too bad Hard Knocks is't following the eagles this offseason...would have been fun to watch
I hate when ugly people are really photogenic. Really makes u question your judgment.
Thanks Portsmouth for a wonderful evening...hope to come back soon!
Holy cow! We're 2 followers away from 1,000! Can we get at least two more? Tell your friends to follow us! :)
All of Royals Nation is behind you and wish you a speedy recovery!
Downton Abbey/homework marathon weekend interrupted by the Brandy/Whitney Houston version of R&H's Cinderella on BET.
it's mad hilarious.
Imma be backk later so I can charge my sis phone before she start mobbin on mii like crazy
this legal class is killing me!
congrats girl!! I like your attitude you inspire me
why is Jessica Simpson still pregnant?
thanks to everyone for following us on twitter! we're working on new updates/content to our website. stay tuned!
ive been to jv softball games for centennial umm i went to a show at the Hawthorne last night hm
SAD FACE!
awesome! I am planning to go on Friday - hope there's some left!
Hey, Boston-nites - know a good realtor? Looking for apartment rentals, so please! Give me your best! please &thank you.
It is a sad, sad day to be a Baltimore Ravens fan... dreary weather and the start of second semester classes don't make it any better :(
merino-tencel - shiny! RT : If you had to pick between a merino/tencel blend or a merino/bamboo blend, which would you pick?
Hammond: look at history of 12th pick, some guys have made it, some haven't. Hope to find a rotation player
Did you go to Screen on the Green last night!? What did you think?
“ Using a "ghost writer" is PRETENDING to be an Author & claiming credit for another's work. It's deceptive & dishonest.”
i'm good #twitterboo #IMY lots! lol but sorry I haven't been on.....
finishes 8th in the big 12. It's progress. come back?
Say it a so bro. Not the white
"The camera puts on 10 lbs" is a common expression. But, a great photographer can take off 20 lbs w lighting & techniques.
“: “: feelings don't just go away” unless your ” you're* but yeah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
He's done bro.
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 76
No matter how crazy the world gets, "Livin on a Prayer" has remained the top choice for young women at the karaoke bar across the street.
That's photoshopped. Impossible to do.
and weekend money strip club moneys know
you're old enough to remember him?? Kidding!! Love u Scotty :-)
I tried being girly then I was like Nevermind. Fuck that.
People change, and often they become the person they said they will never be.
Already at work
gorgeous Paris aha
I don't care what they say about , I will always be a loyal fan. Who cares what he looks like as long as he's making those TDs!
I just want the baddest bitch in the world right here on my lap
Well you didn't ....
looking for a hussel free online backup to cloud?
lol.. Damn u must've really wanted them. Yea, the new Lebron south beaches will be in up here in two weeks. Kno u seen them
“Life is not made by the dreams that you dream but by the choices that you make.”
@ thanks man! Do you have anything I can listen to?
Our mission is to attract new clients into your salon
other way around (:
I'll try my best! Hopefully the #BCVplague will be gone when I get back.
that's cool is it for work?
This man just said you should break up with a female once she starts loving you because that's when she turns crazy. Men are a mess!!!
I wish I had someone great like you in my life someone to guide me threw the bad and good times..
In other words, "don't judge me!" I'm with ya on this one! ;)
31 years ago yesterday I out married myself. Eva has been my greatest fan & vice versa. She's a rock star LPGA teaching pro, wife & mom!
"Hey, Dummy." Dennis Duffy is back on #30Rock tonight!
Hilarious that the Ticketmaster page for Ryan Adams at Strathmore has to say "PLEASE NOTE THIS SHOW FEATURES RYAN ADAMS, NOT BRYAN ADAMS!"
Thanks for following ..also check out for a beautiful universal interconnected experience
Ha! Peace out Mizzou!
Staying up late to txt him i guess :)
loving this episode of Top CHef
The grind ain't enough you gotta mix it with the hate.
The aim of life is to live, and to live means to be aware, joyously, drunkenly, serenely, divinely aware -- Henry Miller
San Diego Forecast: Sunny & warm. Coast 71, Inland 78, Mountains 74, Desert 94. Enjoy it! Cooler Sun: patchy Am fog/drizzle, then sunshine.
Henry from joins us in studio... coming up next!
The guy next to me is shaking his legs so much that the entire bench is shaking.
I'm still in my pajamas and it's almost 5 o' clock. I would say today was a success.
"Twitter users sensitive to bursts of posts" = pet peeve
The guys from 1D really like 1D song what makes u beautiful it's a very great song ! :)
Someone needs to tell Rob Edwards that our shortstop is not Alex Rodriguez.
just saw it - great movie, was not disappointed!
Is it sad I woke up about a hour ago and I'm already ready for a nap??
so cute!
BF just commented on how skinny I look. Means a lot coming from someone who sees me every day :-).
Stepdad: yeah i could have her drop me off for now. Me: what? Stepdad: sorry was trying to text me mom Tf? Lmao
Who was the scariest dancer on DWTS' Halloween-themed night?
Buffalo NY: give it a chance
My mom used to bless me with holy water, using a spray bottle, in my sleep, I would hear fshsh fshsh n wake up covered in a mist.
No worries. You always have great content to share!
I am passionate about learning with my PLN! Thanks #AIMSPLP and #PLPnetwork! It was a terrific culminating event!
I'm too happy
Fighting in high school has got to be the dumbest decision ever. Especially right before finals.
“Life is inherently risky. There is only one big risk you should avoid at all costs, and that is the risk of doing nothing.” ~Denis Waitley
LISTEN TO HE IS WE. THEY'RE AMAZING <3
u was acting phony AF, and only wanted to be on yo phone
Promo code NYE20 for a 20% discount on ticket sales! Do it before NYE!
Wolfpack Taylor tomorrow ! Right ?
The awkward moment when I can't sing R&B music because I don't have enough soul in my voice...
I woke up this morning and I feel like I have lost my mojo. Its time to be still, stand, take in and receive. Change is coming.
hilarious!!!! What is this from?! Love :)
hey I love your style
Any of my followers out there have any good Hip-hop tracks on Reverb or Soundcloud? I've been looking for some good new artists, message me!
This Saturday at the market a special home bee keeping demonstration by Charlie from Beepods plus a live performance at noon by Big Falls.
moore giving us delayed opening tomorrow #woohoo :]
Adopting Equality - Nouse
I do
I don't wanna go to school anymore. I don't even learn shit.
don't leave traffic on the table - add call-to-action overlay to your videos!!
I'll leave out the baby. (:
there ain't no such thing as half way crooks!
I tried out for color guard and made the team <3
I am not awake yet
Agreed. They were terrible.
Travel Deal: Columbus to Paris $852 round trip this spring on American Airlines.
My suspicion is that ADD is a "serious disease and issue" in developed countries rather than a pan-human phenomenon
kool! so u want me 2 send u a pic of mine?
Tell me how your show was last night?!?!?!?16
best quote, best movie!
In Miami now, come on people! Set is at 12 midnight at Grand Central...Who's coming?
GoodMorningg :)! Yuletide concert is tonight! Then gonna preform for the whole school tomorrow wish me luckk <3!
Megabus WiFi *fail*; but I hadn't honed my Hearts & Spider Solitaire skills for quite awhile. Almost back to The Marsh!
School budget is "worst in history"... San Diego 6 News at 10pm
Congratulations on joining ASCAP!
Sounds yummy! RT Looking for something different for lunch tomorrow? Come to Burd Ford and enjoy lunch with ! -
Money . ova . Bitches
Hysterical flapping over the £7m they may be valuing Ngog at, rightly so as well!!
My twitter goin ham she said Got dam im the man I reach inside my pockets and pulled out a hand full of bandzzzz ayye ! SMOOKY!!!
And I thank the rest of you for not blowing smoke up my ass.
Just sat in Centennial Park on a porch swing in 70 degree weather listening to my new mixes. #nashvilleiloveyou #SOEXCITEDDD!
HAHA! Maybe they should word the "walk don't run" thing ONLY for them.
when cnn showed Bobby he was outside with his daughter and 2 of his sons, whitneys step children
Once made equal to man, woman becomes his superior. ~ Socrates
This is BS man
Start with her pediatrician - h/she should be able to recommend a good therapist if needed. Hang in there!
look the same from yesterday
Koolin bout to hit this gym
i love my best friend nd ima always be there especially n this time of need...ppl dying left to right
I make no demands. I will just let you work your magic.
I hate when ugly ass girls take pictures with their fine ass friends.
I gave Jody from the subway a free copy of Water In A Broken Glass. It was the least I could do for all the support she's given me.
from Portland, Oregon, U.S.
Your student did a great job -- love the illustration as well!
Going to see #Drumline the play in Louisville with my children...this should be fun and definitely interesting!
Old Mill grad Josh Furman suspended from Michigan football team after being arrested as a result of a domestic disturbance....
A security survey of the Middle East by an IDF Major General
i wanna be with my baby darien
Staff meeting, hopefully better than the rest of a very frusturating work day! Wondering what it takes....
Catch & Release forum: Peggy Bulger says of folklore work: "You're in it for life." Amen sister.
yay welcome back!
looks fantastic!
If i get rejected im blaiming you. RT : CALL
But how many tweets you just tweeted bout her booty tho? haha
hehehe:) recording my songs this weekend!!!!!!!
you're welcome!
I've had that happen. Dr. told me my cholesterol was barely too high. Come to find out it was fasting levels & I just ate..
I got some for you- I'm shopping them
Another great day is in the books :)
i'm doing great! how are you?
“: Metta World Peace: "I thought we did OK."” lol'd
FOR ALL MOVIE LOVERS - Top Best Upcoming Movies Of 2012 (February)
"Suck my cockiness. Lick my persuasion."
Happy Birthday ! I hope you have a great day !
Must get some garden weeding done this week, before things get out of hand.
My followers should never give up and never say never for a few reasons!~
A single stroke don't fell the oak. - German Proverb
Question for romney: if elected, will you pursue treason charge against president #obama ? if not, why? ok that was 2 questions.
#diaf!!! THAT is just one of the reasons I'm proud to call you my friend :-)
yea but not forreal
Watchn scary movie! !
Goodmorning!!! I am so Excited! On my way to Orlando with Power 96!!! Going to Universal Studios Mardi Gras!!!
some of these names on xbox live lol
Greg bell, I'm getting your girl friend fcked up tonight:-) no punt intended
Oh i miss #smoking miss mary, starting 2 forget how to
Haha, I'm just fine Ms. Hunt. And you?
Possebon named captain with immediate effect?
You are in trouble tonight, Sir.....
North Carolina have you seen south Carolina you two should hook up :)
a lot
finding concrete mixing much easier with my new mortar pan. plus a new drill! something about that Dewalt yellow just screams quality.
It's a beautiful life
Opening yourself up to people is stupid.
Going to Kemah today!
ha.. is there any other?!
I <3 my family
Twitter makes it seem like we are so perfect...UNTIL WE SIGN OUT!
"A coward turns away but a brave man's choice is danger" -Pylades in 'Iphigenia in Tauris'
Fuck you mean? I'm riding clean.
What happened?
lets talk about it;-)
TABLE ALERT! GET YOUR TABLES NOW TO---->"KING" THE CELEBRATION OF LIFE MLK SUNDAY CALL 202-785-0270
Wait did the guy at the toll just say happy mothers day to me!!
lol! I bet you got a 5!! And I love talking with your mom! Shes awesome!
So I have to wait till May 1st? Hmph!
My pleasure!
where do I get one of those?
Why do I care so much anyways..?
Im gonna talk shit about michelle freeze on twitter cause she can't see it
Happy Birthday Roy Halladay !!!
today I make a difficult decision: droid or iphone. we'll see what happens...
Exactly! My first Mac was an SE with NO hard drive. So I bought a 20 MB internal and installed it (well my handy roommate did).
Yay! Check it
yes! yes! yes! but obviously has no idea what she is talking about and just making assumptions
plaese follow for me please
Now I really mean it :) Goodnight everyone!
Funny Insult: I bet your brain feels as good as new, seeing that you've never used it.
Hey New York, if you're interested in #U2 tour tickets tonight, message me. I have extra! ($45)
Sucess! My Twitter is one with my Facebook. Take that, techie gremlins.
#ThingsUNeed2KnowAboutIslam a woman goes out wearing a hijab n modest clothing is because she's proud.
there has to be a reason you're still on my mind after all this time.
Snowing like crazy!!!!!
,Yup thats what i am hoping. but the Hawks looks like the dont wanna win,even this game they tried to give it away
Well... Back to the shopping spree!!
we need new markers for tha WhiTE B0ard I'm thinkin about gettin my hair trimmed ?
OH ! DNT BE AT MY NECK LIKE THAT KENT CTFUU
Ron's town?
As of today, WWCW is officially an LLC! Thank you to our wonderful and loyal clients, writers, & techies who helped us get to this point!
will get details to you on the schedule for sometime tomorrow! Stay tuned. follow
I love that I drive to work and see snow capped mountains and drive home along the ocean at sunset
Supporting Medical Marijuana for the cure! This year we had the first Medical Marijuana Walk for the Cure in Colorado Springs
#LADIESLOVEME is #stuckonreplay! & on the same track once again and like always killin it(;
I need a Phone
Right on! How can we think about environment, economics, and social justice sans relations? It's relations that are important.
Speakeeth of that.. must put some now.
Okay... you guys said it's not too soon for holiday crafts... so here goes. You'd better be telling the truth!
That rejected gimme goal defines this series RT : Morrison robbed by Smith's pad on a GREAT chance. So close.
Good point! Their stigma is all kinds of messed up.
I HIT 1,000 FOLLOWERS!!! LETS HAVE A #MAHOMIE TWITTER PARTY .(:
Did you meet Alec Baldwin on Monday? He's in today's WashPost.
Watermelon Sprite.
At brother and sister in laws co 40th party. Let the 80's music rule!
Oh, you have a girlfriend now? Its funny because last week you told me how much you miss me.
They Won't Win
I want to be Pillowman Pierce. Minus the racism and erectile dysfunction
sure, checkout our menu, we r open for special deliveries, 2 dozen minimum! www.cupcakebuggy.com
Cool. Was asking cuz and friend and I grew a bunch last year & will b growing alot this year, will have fresh 4 sale in summer
Western Asset Global Corporate Defined Opportunity Fund Inc. as of March 31, 2012
I swear t god if Folows me i will go outside sneak into my friends house and say ZENDAYA COLEMAN IS FOLLOWING ME ON TWITTER!! :D
#Brewers win! This should be an easy sweep, boys. Congrats Marcum on your W!
In all fairness to #ARod, the #Orioles are really keeping him off-balance w/ the breaking stuff.
Have another LTF today, hopefully.... my World History teacher isn't here ;3
eloquent words my friend. Bring on spring football!
- Creative Commons is used to enforce sharing, not prohibit sharing.
Maybe the day after the Super Bowl should be a national holiday
:) RT : Can't wait to see my new pictures from He'll make me pretty.
OMG what a fab night last night thank you nyc
Happy mothers day to all the moms and like a moms to someone out there. Hope you were pampered and spoiled today :-))
Zappos Deal For Former Las Vegas City Hall Done
Ski Mask & A Pistol...When Niggas Gotta Eat That's When Shit Gets Greezy..
beautiful building and grounds here!
Bittersweet + BLVD (every Thurs at ) collaborations panning out very well. If you're in the Chicago area, stop by!
School is so boring <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
today was ok but hopefully tomorrow better
Loving Google's interactive home page today in honor of zipper inventor, Gideon Sundbäck. (No love for #IE8 -osaurus rex though. #Extinct )
RT : LAPD has Sunset Blvd blocked at Elysian Park Ave. in Echo Park as they search for a gunman.
Just listened to "love songs" by missing Utah's woman Susan Powell's father-in-law supposedly about her. Unbelievable!
you don't even have 5000 followers dumb ass -.-
Show tonight at Dean's in downtown. We go on at ten.
is finally tweeting! Oh wait, it's about library stuff...gross.
send us a paragraph to with the info and contact info and we'll run it in our COCA blast on Thu!
All I want right now is food and peace and quiet -_____- #toomuchtoaskfor in my house..
just bought some Lucky Strike candy cigarettes, BOOM flashback to memories of being like 7 <U+2665>
Happy Monday favorites! Fill in the blank: Today is a ___________ day!
VT did not lose because of the refs, VT lost because of coaching AGAIN
Ha! Yup.
Who's looking for a new apartment in Logan Square today?
Your bday is so last week. RT : Woot woot... B-day dinner tonight with Thanks for organizing!
Sadly, the inanimate object held by would do less harm to public ed than has as Sec of Ed
Tom thank you for following. Is that a gramy? My nephu has a few on those too.
A words just a word till you mean what you say. Love isn't love till you give it away.
Well, gonna miss Ellis. Hoping Warriors can keep this win streak going.
People who leave home 1 way come back another.Their mind changed their life took a new direction.If you, be renewed mind by the word of GOD.
Jada - Paper Tags
Haha! Maybe you're not so bad after all.
So excited about booking my first national print job for Hampton Inn! Thanks Casting Networks!
We talked about this once: RT Blasphemy. RT Today we change AP style from e-mail to email, no hyphen.
i know this isn't in your power but the prices for that should are ridic, i wish you can have one that we can all afford :(
Gunna get big tomorrow :D
Had a great meeting with this week & hope to see them #august20th at Frazier Field
Friday, March 30th, is the last day to register as a Republican to vote in the April 24th NY Republican Presidential Primary.
tough call, but no.
I wish would tweet me ;)
really changing who i deal dont be fake dont treat people like crap and expect me to not call you on it "friends" dont let friends be dicks
Warm shoutout to BR Holbrook our new starting Quarterback. Locksley's has confirmed him as starter @ Oregon.
Prom weekend has been the BEST weekend of my life.
Is thankful for the unhealthy dead weight of 2011 that is gone from my life. Couldn't have dreamed all these amazing things.
Matt Barnes starts are officially events now. Been a while since that's been true of a Sox pitching prospect. Buchholz, maybe?
Aww, why are you scared for it? :/
Just finished my MLA video installation. Woot! Took 12 hrs to render. (The joys of algorithmic processing on HD videos in videos in videos.)
Whenever I try to tell my parents a funny story it somehow always turns into a life lesson.
Man fuck...i guess i gota go buy me a new iphone cord...fukn ebay
Im watchin vids from 16 to now. He grew up so fast. He finna be 23 omg!!!!!
it was nice. Went up to my friend's cottage(:
YES, it's almost time to strap on the pedometer again!!!!
Just Got Google +!!!
Indeed. Somewhere it definitely is.
You're welcome!! Thanks for following back!
I just stare at it when I'm bored
drove thru sunset strip last night--like an insane child's carnival. does anyone _really_ believe that a stretch hummer makes you look cool?
thank you boo :)
no way! That's my old playground. Where in Iowa?
ugh I have one at 4...You leaving Thursday??
damn the continuation of blogs and articles that start with a title like "the 6 ways of doing blablabla"..The most annoying thing ever
“: I need to watch shottas its been a minute” word. That flick is my shit!
So, who is creative? answer: everyone
Mention this ad TODAY and get 8 UV tans for the price of 5!! Members, stock your account with upgrades! Non-mems, get more for your money!
Xavier Avery gets his first major league hit-- a hard double off the right center wall at
Thanks for the RT!
#Oakland MT People just seem to be milling around the streets, waiting for the cops to beat the shit out of them
My tummy hurts. It is possible that I *may* have eaten too much cake today.
BAHAHok ok yeah then i would have to agree w/ u but in its first few hours online its almost impossible for me to view lik dat
“: Does anyone else feel really weird and awkward when a dog just stares and watches you eat?! Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>” no
Just had a phone war with the car next to us going down the interstate........funniest thing ever!
- Sure thing! I assume that lunch will be on you? :)
About to watch Martin to get my laugh on
at the mall aredy alot of people...
Food poisoning has to be the worst thing on the planet
thanks for the good news! Oregon is becoming the center of the track world!
For some reason i like to get to kno people..:)
Oh you lucky girl! I so miss the boys. Hopefully they'll make a stop here before the end of the tour. Have a blast! So happy
Omg, I just turned in my homework online literally a minute later than its deadline ... homegirl better not take points from it.
#McCall Smith, Corduroy Mansions. He's got his winning formula; why change it, beyond a transplant to a London flat? Quiet Sunday pleasure.
Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.
I just vacuumed what I thought was a dead scorpion off my floor. And now I can see it in the canister trying to get out. Awesome.
Is this worrying you for some reason? Anything you'd like to share? :)
We can't wait to see what you guys will bring this year on your Wine & Food Festival! maybe we get visit you!
why am i so delm tiered?
priests in #diomil debating via email the appropriate liturgical color for Maundy Thursday
Get over it Tebow sucks! He is a disease on any team so be happy if it happens.
i wonder if will be in #vegas this year again for
"Pierre," which and the Dresden Dolls so deliciously reinterpreted. If Sendak NEEDED people to make his legacy live on, here.
"Some people like to read their Bibles in the Hebrew; some like to read it in the Greek; I like to read it in the Holy Spirit."
would you be so kind to follow me back, I would appreciate it very much.
i like you well in your pajamas and missed being funny ish with my other today.
Love the cardigan!
I will be communicating, but just on my personal Twitter ().
I hate fighting, I'm the one who always ends up in tears.
Goodnight twitter (:
sick, I'm gonna get tix this weekend, only 30 a peice for GA floor
ROCK 'N ROLL with the WINGMEN tonight at Caffe Sportivo Redwood City
Wishing I was at #WMC right now!
#Geek charming: a really over rated movie. I should be insulted about how they interpet teenage girls..i still loved it :p :D
ikr? I want 2 see if Jordan can play the game without him! Its not couples anymore. When she fails at doing something she cries
yea fuck Obama
Letterman's "Mitt Plus Mustache" bit kills me every time.
Really...my son wakes up 2 hrs after I fall asleep?? ?? He usually doesn't wake up in the middle of the night anymore blah!
Oo, that's a bitch.
Yes, disturbing RT : The #Baylor uniforms are visually offensive.
She hated me whn I cared so much about her & now she loves me cuz I pay her no attention.
Thank goodness they can be, ! Otherwise course would be for naught.
Eyes neva Lie!!!
Here in Bham they recommend wearing a bike helmet, if you have one… be safe!
gl bud! shit on pokerkaiser for all of us.
Can you daydream at night?
Wasn't happy with Cowboys and Aliens!! I had such high expectations:-(
Next to me is definitely no one, I'm one of one ..And I musta won that from anybody who had it or better yet forgot it
Whoop whoop whoop.
There's an island in Denmark called Lolland
Lebron on pace for 32 free throws,this is a fucking joke refs.
I'm having a love affair with this ice cream sandwich.
Blessed are you when people insult you, persecute you and falsely say evil things against you because of me. -Matthew 5:11
Such a beautiful day in #Manhattan - today is the first day of the rest of your life!
my vistaprint ones where kinda ghetto - so I wanted to try something else -
Grand Opening Weekend is only 8 days away - and we have 2 free workshops on the sched! www.redhotyogastudios.com
omg! What would you do if it was Harry's mom?
Look up Phrygi (frig'ee online) is the base word of ancient "free man" Phygia is the lost/misunderstood foundation of "FREEDOM" C4 yourself
After last night show featuring Sharon Needles from I was offended bad joke about AIDS, cutting and not needing tips, nasty
Increasing the incline on the treadmill tones your tush, legs, increases your endurance, & also burns significantly more calories!
If you say thirsty thursday you drink to much like c'mon son the weekend is one day away you can't wait
thank you
The last 3 episodes I've seen on criminal minds have taken place in Nashville, Charleston SC, and Roanoke, VA. Weird.
It's true tho. It's too comfortable haha you know what i'm talking about
Working on my music bio right now.
I hate having expectations
fort wayne stucco
You have interesting facts about grasshoppers? Truly, I learn something new about you every day.
Give me all your LOYALTY
Kris Michell from cites 7,000 jobs number that and discredited earlier.
Awesome, dude. Love it!
Worse than a groin or kidney stones?
I'm a gentlemen. But at the same time I don't see nothing wrong with a girl taking a guy out from time to time..
The only good thing about waiting to see the doctor is that I get to steal a box of latex gloves.
Please broadcast when the recording from your talk is up. V sorry I missed it and can't wait to see it!
Yesterday Kai's!The Convention Center sale was a SCAM!Had Ceaser's Today M!
#dhtrial see ya Monday at the courthouse again.
You are the angel in my dreams.
Benefit Performance for Homeless Veterans 7:30pm tonight at the Bartell Theater. For more information call - Nick 608-692-8002
I think it's gonna be a close game but not down 2 the wire., 49ers get help that they play in NFC west.. Really who have they beat?
People throw around the word love way too much.
Are you being served? Who's line is it anyway? Who's the boss? RT : Always been a fan of sitcoms titled with rhetorical questions.
awesome site !!!
#RomCon FFP Dine-in: Convert thine enemies during dinner & you shall be exiled to a prison planet. No exceptions. No appeals.
I could be your #buzz lighter fly u across the globe
Jealous.... D; Wish he would come over to my house!
Live Band Karaoke returns tonight, stop in to get your inner Rockstar on!
Glad you joined us
“: Cal State Dominguez Hills: rallies planned here, marchers will go fr Carson, to Watts, into S
great message!
Haha yeah thats part of it sometimes
preciate it. I got you back. : just followed u and had to speak
Just landed in Maui - yay, it's vacation time!
#INHouse Rep. Morris has inspired me to buy more Girl Scout cookies. Maybe something with nuts?
Such an exciting game. This will be a great series. So will Rangers/Devils!
I wouldn't bring the Empty Space into an intro acting student's life right at the start, methinks. Maybe 1st 6 Lessons, tho.
hey Lascel i want to say you have Beautful voice. :)x plz follow me if u have the chance to.
Hell yea bring Nate back he amazing fighter UFC needs him
I didnt know they had scripted pots
Does your stomach tense up a little when your home needs some professional repairs? It should. It's the wild west out there for contractors.
I don't see an issue. Go Cards! You doing good?
Watching that as we speak.
Man up and Adam gotta get to gym for 4am leg workout....Since rehearsal at night gotta get it in.....Well let's put the G in great day
Hello tweeps! At 11:47 a.m. EST, I will be 40. At 11:47 p.m. PST, I'll be drunk or maybe asleep. I am old now, right?
oh that's good! Is it gonna be hot too?
hey whats up?:)
It's National Prime Rib Day! Celebrate with us during lunch or dinner today!
Hope is going well and worth the trip so far. Sorry I'm missing it.
Thank you Robby, you too!:)
City Market revitalization is incredible. New vendors, new look, new energy. Love what you've done with the place!
Tigers starter Doug Fister is on a rehab assignment in Toledo and is expected to start tonight's game for the !
Ambulance and LEGO doctor
I don't like people. Like seriously grow up we aren't in elementary school anymore!!!
I wish! But Houston is not on the way to SM!
Happy Mother's day. unrelated: reading your three part blog series on design. I like that it can be done at a bar :)
That is so true!
my friends shouldn't be crying and they sure as hell shouldn't be AFRAID to go to Cody's shows.
I craft because I use RhinoBond adhesive w/all beading/jewelry projects. no worries.
Ain't worth the rapping, I'm just trying focus cause the loudest nigga in the room is usually the brokest
Welcome to Twitter, ! A division of sharing the latest state policy research, trends and news.
i think it meens shaking my head ? (:
Hilarious RT : Nothing makes me want a relationship to fail more than matching profile pictures
_: Admit it; you want something you can't have.
Fuck relationships tired of getting hurt not even worth it don't know why I even try anymore.
U never hear me asking for followers but I need one more to get 500 lol
Me: "You could make the ziti!" Brother: "No I can't! I can't boil water...it didn't turn out right." Me: "..."
before tonight your predictions for the winner of Super Bowl XLVI.
Yes, definitely do graphic design as well :)
Go to youtube and listen to It .
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Wood Ranch BBQ and Grill - BBQ (live updates)
hm...i'm thinking in-n-out burger? :D
Some days you're the pigeon. Some days you're the statue ...
What happened to your blogspot?
ultra is the shit
Just finished up a good conditioning/training session now at the gym !
No Numark mixer?
construction!!! Time to move to l.a?!?
still don't understand how you break the spacebar
Cavaliers in business after back-to-back infield singles from Byxbee and Bowdren and a sac bunt by Hawkins. 1 out.
Jump into the middle of things, get ur hands dirty, fall flat on ur face & then reach 4 the stars.
so said package delivered at front door but wasn't. called & verified address & said nothing they can do. neighbor just brought it over
I very well might... Let's discuss soon. I'm thinking "YES" with a google doodle flair.
I appreciate your courage! Folks should not use God's work to practice hate and discrimination! Christ died for all!
I will delete it I'm new to twitter lol I'm not an expert like u and Greg lol
Looming and growing role of courts -- esp Supremes -- in climate change focus of coming post at climatemediaforum.yale.edu
Responded to FIRE @ 299 Halsey St., Brooklyn, NY 11216. Red Cross auto update.
I said Oh-Ee-Oh-Ee-Oh Ice! Ice! Ice! Looks like a #winter wonderland today in #Denver! Love the movie #Bring it on by the way!
“: Headed to show, finally get to see these clothes that I've heard so much about!” glad you're here Jeremy!
RT : A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him
I can add fava beans to the very short list of foods I don't like.
Thanks steven!!
I'd like to state once again, for the record, there is no better song that bohemian rhapsody.
Great to meet you yesterday! Look forward to tweeting from our respective handles. :)
Check the medicine cabinet RT : Oh. Have not had my coffee yet, and toddler just asked me where my penis is. Think quick mum.
both events were glorious, but... they were nothing without you gals!!! ;-)
step-grandson's mum has quit her job and has taken up the banjo. (howling!)
RT thank you again for the opportunity!! SO excited!! :D go #DC!!
Draxler's draft war room. #4-square with and others.
Thanks for including me in your Daily. Happy weekend! cc:
I dont look like a thug, but that doesnt mean I'm innocent.
Yasss Rih is performing Birthday Cake
smh your really a drunk lol, what u doin up this time of the night
You know who sucks? People that lurk next to you in the self checkout line while your receipt is printing...creepers
We are not open for dinner tonight but will be open at ten, thank you ! "happy fourth"
What's ur favorite Discovery ID show?
Today was my last full day at New Hope! :)
I'm being released back into my natural habitat.
well thank you :)
Thanks for RTs and kind words!
:) Awesome - I'll read it tomorrow when I'm at my computer (instead of just on my phone).
Sofia Vergara Gets Hot for Esquire
class :( #fml. I need you and to help me cite my research paper! i'll be back at 8:30!
Typical girl mirror shot - but in FDR's old dorm room
Where's my drink? Nightmare.
I postpone death by living, by suffering, by error, by risking, by giving, by losing. - Anaias Nin
We should just pick a day and go together! lol I hear they don't taste special, it's just that they've been around so long.
Just missed you by five hours.
So instead of starting my homework like a good girl im sitting here watching 's videos. Yes im hooked the newest
his piece that will be performed @ 332 is based on the writings of poet and cabaret artist pola braun, who was murdered in the holocaust.
U fellas registered yet?! RT : The Nigerian Gov't is acting as a match-maker for 1,000 brides-to-be
RT : The Corn Refiners can call it whatever they want, I'll still avoid it like the plague.
Not one, but two of the first Somaphony canvas paintings have sold. "Funky Soul" picture in the next tweet.
This week has been challenging already! I'm devastated at the loss of both #Smokin'JoeFrazier & Heavy D
Lucky you! It's so thrilling, right? I love it. Makes mornings better.
Chamber Business Expo @ the mall Wednesday. Stop by & say "hello" to our local businesses!
Great film. Nice and camp too.
In Music Meeting- Gorrilaz – “rhinestone eyes” Love the whole record this is a nice follow up
yezzzzir our tape is out!!!!
A sign of the apocalypse: ESPN showing (extensive) highlights of AAU (high school age) summer games.
Hope you get some good sleep :)
We want to head back DT soon! We'll be camping out at Timbers games & might hit up PSU in the next month. We'll let you know!
18 days away
Chachi why did you delete your Facebook
We've both waited a long time haven't we?! Now, Let's Go Blues! ;-)
Can't wait to be reunited with my favorite couple in the world, and Greenville, here I come!
Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone. It's those with follow through who excel. -Mary Kay Ash
my account auto followed you. Np will unfollow. But I am Hindu not a devil worshipper, just so you know. Take care :)
So many losers.
Ball dont lie.
Just helped hand out bags of weekend food to 150 of our kids. Chaos & exhausting, but such a fabulous thing to get to do.
take one step at a time, no need to rush :)
Riesling with fresh, juicy, HUGE blackberries = perfectly delish! Esp after dinner of tilapia, asparagus & sweet pot. fries!
Former NBA star Bill Walton posing for pictures at United Way volunteer event at Monarch School: "I'll stand in the back."
Did u know that until the 18th century, most French loaves were round? In 1770, long shapes began to appear & then the "Baguette" was born!
yesterday was below freezing in NY... I could barely handle it.. now I am mapping out the rest of my adventures.. suggestions in ny?
Been trying to join the webinar but when i click Join Now, it doesn't work.
whatevs. I got great tits
FÜCK I meant pussy screw yiu
You know you want me baby, you know I want you too.
And great link, BTW. Though I would not limit the principal to online discussions. Ex.: Seinfeld's Soup Nazi.
Saturday morning writing session. Tea, thoughts & poetry.
Rough night 4-5, but our dog hit with the D'Backs. Now 27-18 last 45.
Women are like cell phones. They like to be held and talked to push the wrong the wrong button u will be disconnected Hahaha
Thank you sir for giving your all everytime you stepped on that field!! God bless.
Gettin all my school business and other things done b4 Sunday, Hyped for the cruise when it will be time to waste no time!
today's to-do list may be longer than tomorrow's. sigh.
yea let's get some work done. Just let me know what ur schedule is like. Send me those stems too
lol okay. We're going to sleep soon but like i wanna stay up :O
My head hurts so bad):
Thanks for the RTs! Happy #EcoMonday, y'all :D
— Doh. I'm not in the cool kid group yet.
lol how are you doing miss pritchard
Yay I hope Loves his time while he's back home, He deserves a break and time to spend with Family & Friends :)
Likewise. It is a small world. :)
RT The earliest known same-sex wedding took place in 65 A.D.
It's not even noon and it's been a long day... T_T
there are no sharks at this aquarium but I think there's an octopus. :)
Why hasn't Kevin Spacey played Ken Starr yet? And why hasn't Philip Seymour Hoffman played Newt Gingrich?
Feels good to go 3-0...St Bonnie, Fla State and close it out with Long Beach State...A tough out in the Dance!!!
Jordan do u want us to hook u up or not?
You are truly a blessing to me and so many. god is good. Wonderful talent you are!
maybe the glasses don't like you either.
Game 2 in Oklahoma City #Thunder vs
tomorrow night we all need to hangout !! (:
There are really funny, smart people in Tweetville ..No "number" goals, selling stategies, no desperation vibes, they don't have to...
Awesome! 13GB in 46 seconds--transfers between a Promise R4 and daisy-chained R6 even w/ prep "sync" still running on R6.
Movie recommendation is Jennifer Hudson in "Dream Girls"
Homelessness has become a huge reality in Florida. The numbers are high due to the fact the weather is tolerable. Unlike North Dakota......
"Conservative fighting for limited govt & fiscal responsibility" Am I then "Liberal fighting for unlimited govt & fiscal irresponsibility"?
Happy birthday, Joanne!
Consistency is difficult! What's the best way to stay in the game? Groups? Accountability?
Mixing my record today!! Like to thank all of the supporters of my campaign... Thank u!!! Product coming soon, stay tuned....POOF!!!
new game being launched by homelessdogmusic whose got my balls. it is a must have web interactive game.
Chaperoning the 8th grade class to see Hunger Games = a great day at work!
: Its only right. With a few beverages...I'm thinking we have at least 4 games in the Finals to pull this off.
And she be playing hard to get like she be rocket science
Regrettably, I missed SMASH tonight. No worries, I can catch up another day.
pretty excited about the humid free day today! Some serious cake decorating is about to happen in here
Michael Robles, the man accused of killing a Carlsbad woman, will be arraigned on Weds. in Vista at 1:30.
When is Johnny Depp gonna stop dick riding Tim Burton?
I hear you are a fellow spy. Let's see if you can figure out the code to gain entry to the #CovertTU. Good luck!
Lost 3 pounds!
Bored? 'cmon guys, let's followe --- her tweets ROCK! ;] :]]]XOOOXOO
RT If your going street skating!!!
You said you were on your way half an hour ago...XD
If Wall St. is our enemy, so was Steve Jobs. Jobs was money, Wall St. is money. Our love of wealth is weakness. Steve Jobs exploited it.
yea thts good
History is a mighty drama, enacted upon the theatre of time, with suns for lamps, and eternity for a background. Thomas Carlyle -
Anyone wan't to help us start booking our first show???!!!
yeah :D so how are you mrs.Bieber?
can I get an RT while I masterbate to you plz???
Get them connected to the product via their smart phone to ease the purchase process. See it, touch it, order it on your phone in store.
no motivation for work.
i have to go to airport at 330 am on Tuesday. Should I reserve a car or will Uber be out and about? Been wondering all week :)
Earlier & I got scrutinized by a Belltown crackhead like we're the crazies. Was it the loud voices & exaggerated gestures?
RT: please dont stop the music!!!!....hope all is well! God bless! <==Thanks Denise ..That means a lot! xo
but i thought that was the kind of book you LIKED
Rip Mr.Repo you were a great guy
Don't know if its Facebook messing up or my iPad ;_;
Dude took too many kicks to his head..
Michelle Bachmann endorses Mitt Romney. Took her 119 days to come around. 118 days after she said Romney can't beat Obama.
True but its not always easy to point out.
Ah I'm not so sure anymore. The most proven for sure, but I'm not sure about the best anymore
...I don't understand how someone can say they love someone and just leave them in pain for another person...it wasn't love then...BITCH...
Thank God someone from America won.
Loved Breaking Upwards directed by Daryl Wein. If you wanna see a great, fucked up love story about out living a relationship, watch this.
You gotta thank your sugar daddy. Randy paid for yours. It was great to see you both.
Open Positions: Java Software Engineer Microsoft Exchange Consultant Lync Deployment Engineer Notes to Exchange Migration Specialist
At my nephews t-ball game(;
We're proud that so many residents are speaking out about #IHO at tonight's City Council meeting.
One of my things is how to connect creativity with audiences.
Oh wait, it's not the weekends yet.
I consider the central idea pervading this struggle is the necessity that is upon us, of proving that popular government is not an absurdity
did we hang out last night or was I dreaming that? I'm not sure cause of my blackout state
Boom goes my bracket! 86 – 84 Norfolk State... Jeez
Because early is always better. RT : I'm at work at 6:30am... I don't have to be here until 7am... Why am I here?
The Movie Sensei officially gives The Change-Up the Blue Belt Status! To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
my parents got this new dog but he runs away from people, and is very shy... he's 5 yrs old now... so he must of had a bad life..
Been waiting for girl's night at Sticky Rice al week
Reading over report 2 on John Chadima. Attorney Fiedler concludes " I am not aware of any other allegations of sexual impropriety."
They couldn't decide which of the three books deserves the award, so they didn't give one.
Hope everything is going better for you!!
Almost home ..! Was on 55 nd Broadway for the longest ... had hella McDonald's ..!
Hoping Minnesota doesn't end up like ass backwards North Carolina.
#BUMPERSTICKER RT I love my accountant!!!
as soon as you trust yourself,you will know how to live
Only you can satisfy my life...be worshiped in thy sanctuary.
You are the only person i like to text!
No tour dates in Miami? Not surprised. Miami is not the most book friendly city around.
I think, John, that Jeffrey is referring to BCS bowl at-large representation, not 4-team playoff representation.
HEY!!!! Bout to have so much fun
he is shockingly bad at this
"change agent" for law firms. I love it!
ard bitch you may gotta couple thousand followers but you ain't the shit
we don't need anything or anyone. if I lay here, if I just lay here, would you lie with me and just forget the world?
you will. Congrats!!
haha i'm so stressed out. gosh so many mental disorders i'm 99% sure i have.
So I've Been Waitin For My Mom To Make Me Some Chicken . . Then She Comes Back From McDonalds With A Cheeseburger . No !
My amazing new photo-obsession: photojojo.com/store/awesomeness/instax-camera/
Y AM I IN THIS CLASS?!!
I wish #oomf thought about me from time to time.
Gods last name is not dammit.
You should totes follow me on instagram, kyletalksalot :)
Best Mark Scott comment to date, though it can't compete with "I once fixed a pipe by swearing at it."
Congrats to and Pirq's deal with Apple!
To the girl that keeps taking pictures of me.... Why are you taking pictures of me?
#TebowGotTradedFor a Flip phone wit no minutes.
Nobody better not fuck the based god's bitch! :))) ROFL.
thanks man we gotta kick it soon. Also, Community is almost on!!!
Lamar's Anthony Miles (Clear Brook HS) put up 16 points in 76-69 win over Northwestern St in Southland Conference tourney today.
incredible essay. thank you for sharing.
Thanks for the love! <3
Gotta be heading to bed. I really hate migraines. Ugh........
.yesterday i was wearin a jacket. Today i got sunburnt. Thankyou DC
Not true RT This. RT James Jones wants Tebow to keep having success so that we can have an easy Superbowl matchup.
Just took a look at the Citrix VDI-in-a-box demo. The simplicity is impressive.
sleepy after polishing off taco del mar burrito
Dance with the Devil. I forgot how absolutely insane that song was.
just found out I have strep!! Ugh!
because you guys are always busy!
Mr. Mraz put me to sleep..... Good night all..
Hi David, thanks for the follow, you certainly don't have the Folsom blues. I Love California.
On , declares, "I am not a defender of the economic policies of the Emperor Diocletian."
they'll miss Moss. Even now, you always have to double cover him. He's a huge reason the offense works.
Lots of thunder and lightening.
That is kinda sweet!
I Can't Remember When I Haven't Loved Youu:))
"Mommy doesn't have any friends. And Mommy doesn't care."
Everybody loves me call a nigga Raymond
excellent tweet. Superb.
IF YOU CAN READ THIS.....back up off my dick...
Was that not called?
Abrams, why do we applaud someone who has never used twitter, fb...
09 El Molino #Chardonnay. A Rutherford star. Complex fruity nose. Good structure & balance. Citrus, stone fruits, caramel. 91 pts
What happend with Max B in court anybody know? Somebody break My guy out!
Super busy at work today... at least it will make the day go by faster.
#Squeeeeeeeee~! I know your watching babe;) Loving every minute of this<3
I can't wait for SRT so I can listen to the new Rascal Flatts album! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
RT IF YOU SEE THIS,BECAUSE TODAY WILL BE MY LUCKY DAY IF YOU WERE TO PRESS MY FOLLOW BUTTON
This will forever be my favorite picture of you guys together. :)
Motion to suspend rules and take up AJR124 fails, 37-60
Thank you love!! :D
great match, who ya got??
Well the Steelers lost to a good 49er team but both teams showed what football is all about. Great tackling and big plays...
Such a positive attitude for monday! ;)
BALTIMORE (AP) -- Josh Hamilton ties major league record with 4 homers in a game.
How is it possible that buying character shoes now is more complicated than it was to buy jazz/tap/ballet shoes when I was a kid?
Go Green, Go White. Go Blue. Obviously, I'm not a native.
Mail truck getting towed down my street, I mean it's cool I'm not waiting for something in the mail or anything
Finally got my right arm sleeve done by my boy Holden!
not a bad idea. Can we hold a simple majority vote on the triangle parting ways?
it should become common phrase though, like on invitations
Our goal is to create the conditions for students to build collaborative relationships to advance their plan for change
When you go to Chipotle, it should just auto-tweet "Incoming Diarreah." for you. Get on that, foursquare.
Thats real talk!
Been listening to #worshipep nonstop the last few days...good music
thanks =) I miss you!
I'm such a whore for overtime it saddens me,don't even need the extra pay bc I raped the clock all last week
6/14/09- Someone who was loved very dearly in our family was taken away from us 2 soon :( RIP& u r forever in our hearts&thoughts. everyday.
had a delicious fried green tomato BLT up in Tyrone, GA with Rick last week...awesome sandwich!!!
What are the odds that in building new stadium, crews hit fiber optic lines and kill the Internet for MN? 40%? 50%?
<U+E536>i wonder if he can heal a child with Autism <U+E41D>
Instagram made everyone a photographer.
I think Jabba the Hut is like most Europeans. Just because he understands English, doesn't mean he wants to speak it.
we try to innovate | When our competitors follow our lead, we smile, we reflect, we then design new ways to deliver value |
So sad... RT ": “Can’t imagine myself wearing anything else but a Steelers jersey." - "
Everyone should vote for tonight... He is the first ever contestant on #Idol that isn't a huge douche!
I'm still Trippin on the nigga at Walmart who was shining up his fake ass watch lol. Niggah that's a Nolex Presidential lol
In the US it's the DOD, then WalMart and then McDonalds.... interesting listing
how did u know? Lol
You guys have truly reminded me that batman the animated series defines the dark knight we know an love so true.
She to big to have these orange hair balls n her head that match her grey nd orange maxes little kid shit
New label email is
Lost our game. Nothing new. :/
*Shrug*, this is a tough one.
Must sleep. Ahh
My pulse is racing...
Awesome. Pics? RT : Sad that VH1 chooses to promote negative "baseball wives." We have amazing ones in the A's family.
#gardening Organic Gardening: Now Trending
Boozer is soft like my pillow
Captain America!!!
#Need #Sponsors for celebrity black tie event bring #inspiration #hope #financial support families affected by #cancer help
I am amazingly awesome... I have had a wonderful weekend! Hope u did too! Going to bed here in a min...
how long?!
Think UW probably deserved bid over Cal
Go Dawgs! Disappointed but still proud. It's great to be a Georgia Bulldoh!
ben keep it up bro
Good luck Rams!
ahah well atleast it's not a crazy person!
did I mention you were awesome lately?
No Carlos.......THEY were right there. 1-11 smh
Wonderful day at the Intl Children's & Young Adult Lit Celebration, followed by Pro Arte Quartet centennial concert!
How old is Camden?
RT : Put it on your calendars: Just Tap performing this Saturday at the Black Rock Center 5/19 :00pm
-New as in what dear? #TrendsTues is coming up for today,stay tuned! xox
Check out #SouthernElite @ Legends Sports complex this weekend. Fri @ 10pm vs. Houston Phenoms Dallas & Sat @ 1:25pm vs Alodia Eclipse White
is cold and its funny
is making a chill beat
Why is it that I can actually try my hardest and get nothing, but people who do nothing can get everything?
When everything else physical and mental seems to diminish, the appreciation of beauty is on the increase
Okay, try it now and see if it works?
not as worse than a lil' sister that gets you in trouble for no reason, then your parents won't lets you go see the Hunger Games.
Violence is not the answer. LOL just kidding, come at me bro!
My prayers are with the friends and family of gospel legend Jessy Dixon who died this past week... God is there!
bring me back one!
Highlight of my 4 am morning? The no-fee baggage perk as a credit card holder!
RT : I think I'd rather let 100 guilty men go free than kill a possibly innocent man. True story!!
LOL. I've always counted a Bloody Mary as a serving of vegetables. Lycopenes!
Training Truth: Overemphasizing your front-body muscles with repetitive pressing, curling, and crunching eventually distorts your posture.
YES! RT : No.15 An early stocking stuffer! Council approves a co-sponsor to bring back Trail of Lights!
: Just got back from mall. Told Santa what I wanted. He said he didn't even know what SAG was, let alone how to punish it.
Follow back :)
Was she an Aggie? RT Someone who will remain nameless just asked me what the T on Texas A&M's helmets stands for.
getting high at 8 am before your presentation that counts as your final probably not a good idea
We do too!!! Come visit us sometime and discover how to improve your productivity.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to Kansas City
Americans consume more than 100 pounds of sugar and sweeteners per year. Americans consume an average of about 8 pounds of broccoli.
It's the little things: working between Xmas & NYE means you get a seat on the metro...bc everyone else takes the time off.
So did any of you fools who bought a lotto ticket win anything....?
When being randomly video taped bc I'm dancing on the bus!! Ahaha
Some serious swag right there from Rondo to end that interview
Oh I swear to ya ill be there for ya, this is not a drive by
could you be any better on along with all the other cast members?!?
If u let me I'll take care for you
and I just realized why the red. I got it confused with the blue for a sec. haha! Which two dates in gold?
Live performances from Kid Rock & Selena Gomez! Hosted by Queen Latifah! Peoples Choice Awards tomorrow night!
Dance recital
I'd like to be able to sit at my kitchen table and have lunch without random dudes walking in and out of my house.
East coast bias! Even refs!!!!
that video is so sad but true ive been bullyed to since kindergarden really but i have cerebal palsy and have a limp hurts
I agree he seemed uncomfortable with it, but it's disheartening nonetheless.
Yea but you don't stop by my office and say hey...
not that boring you've me to talk to. I'm going to sleep though. Thanks for talking to me. Talk to you later bro Good Night (:
that's lookin' hot...and goot to know about the black lights for #LEDBALL outfit planning!
ah I guess it's a delicate balance
Why are computers used so often as a metaphor for brain function?
Finally get to work on some of my projects!
Dooode I want it! Where is it! Lol
no problem
What's up ma wat it do
Hey hey, ho ho, unoriginal chants have got to go! RT : Crowd on b-way bridge, "hey hey, ho ho, Portland cuts have got to go."
Chicken and waffles and a joint of OG hell of a combo
With their snoots in the air, they would sniff and they'd snort, "We'll have nothing to do with the Plain-Belly sort!"
will start uploading in about 20 minutes. YAY!!!!!!!
“: You look great with that spray tan.”
Just Pardon My Manners. Girl how You Shake it Gotta Playa Like Wooooaah
Canada. Phone's off. Email me if you need me for the next four days. Will tweet again from WiFi. Peace.
Awesome! Have fun :)
#df11 context is king.
my cat saw a cat get murdered in the movie i'm watching and he meowed when I petted him :( omg poor baby.
He would just tell everyone that we "gotta go to work."
the day I am called a guru is the day I cry in a ball under my desk.
I Need Ebanks to become Jamal Wilks and hit a dang jump shot
Gamel must not have known the word for swing to teach Aoki
Reminder, OpenSpace will be closed next Monday for the Fourth of July. Enjoy the holiday!
andy come along!!!!!
better than who?
#LCGrad John Riley: Step Two: "Check your entitlements at the door. You will have to demonstrate that you have the ability to do hard work."
haha oh duh
Hehee “: Do slutty girls tell "That's what I said" jokes?”
Great guest speaker in #JOUR450 today from !
Direct market beef/lamb farmers! I got a job writing about direct marketing meat! Would any of you be interested in chatting with me?
LOL that is the first time in my entire life I have ever heard that come fro a girl lol..
I would like to hear him give a talk someday. Maybe I'll catch him at a conference in the US sometime.
do you hate your followers too? Lol
So I think I need to find another hair stylist cause my cousin starting to fall off been waiting for the last 2hrs to get two French braids
kool im from San Antonio,Texas in the united states
Yea that can work RT : yuh bed
So glad to spend the beginning of 's birthday with her this year, it's been 7 years since we've been together for a birthday!
Hello, twitfam! Been pretty busy preparing for our next issue. What have you guys been up to?!
I wish I was home with you...
We just used the password at the Green Goddess - thank you!!!
The Housesitter is Director of Photography Juan Pabon first feature film credit
Cindy R says we used to collect and now we contextualize
Good luck my friend. Keep us updated ;)
You're missing out on my greatness.
I really need to step awaaayyy from the credit card.
Blah.. YOU are getting so whack <U+E40E>
Wondering: Could a state in US perform so perpetually poorly that Congress would decide to remove its "right" 2 manage K-12 educ?
what's good?
I am trying to enter your giveaway, but I am unsure as to how this "ASK" function works with my sorority and color...?
and here I just presumed there was a session on free Botox I hadn't heard about
Smh you could of made a depth move at DT later then that.
it's a very cute movie!
Aré you ready to receive success? Have you prepared for it? Think about it.
Entralled. You're purely amazing,
Elizabeth Taylor is gorgeous, beautiful, and she still is today, I'm crazy about her. - Michael Jackson
Good morning Portland!
all I need is Mary Mary Mary I ain't fuckin wit no otha druug, except for maybe Lucy Lucy Lucy girl gimme a hug haha
Wishing all a Merry Christmas and wonderful Holiday! Time to see the fam!
crud! I was 3rd:(
#Dwell this morning...purity! #prayerculture 10AM
If your my "friend" and your with or give my little sister drugs. Your pathetic, don't talk to me anymore.
Sauteed asparagus with garlic, and then sauteed onion & zucchini with garlic. First savory dishes with the new CSA! Next, tackling rhubarb.
#DODGERS are now 12-3 in the season
seeing at the end of July! Yeah!
Most women settle on being some "boys" boo-thang instead of WORKING on being a MAN's wife! Church is in session! Proverb's man talk!
they fooled me!
way to go! You have a big purpose in this world! I'm so excited ro see where this takes you
Good luck to our board member on your #TED talk this morning!!!!!!!!
My excitement at sharing this new bible has been hindered by a requirement to hold reviews until after May 11. I pulled it
Btw, if we weren't kicking off our 98pxy Summer Jam artist announcements tomm morning, I'd be camping out to get the first mighty taco
I swear there's so much Jessica Day in my life, it's embarrassing.
turned down going to the mall to do homework
I watched on Sunday. was wonderful as Poe and I really enjoyed the incorporation of many of my favorite Poe Tales.
Sounds good. What are you doing?
Filming a timelapse video me me painting a caricature of Christopher Walken... I'm pretty excited.
what book are you reading?
Great to see you last night! Perfect surprise ending to an incredible evening.
repeat of the other night with and haha
Can't decide if I'm really good or really bad at Bejeweled Blitz.
Good morning twitters
#Insanity workout with da big !!
After midnight I get hungry and eat everything
Dear last night, Thank you. And I already miss you. Love, Kevin Ps. See you again tomorrow!
I Dont Speak Spanish
Beer instead of a Slushie facial. This ain't Glee, this is rock n roll!
is food?
just saw a green punchie!!! 3/2 Ba. Ring. It. ;D
Are the people on CharlotteToday really having a conversation on mini cupcake holders?
thanks Sharon. Will explore this weekend!
(c) and I would think,"Who's Keke!?!! Did he name a cloud keke?" Then I found out that was his fandom name, and "keke" is a laugh. The end.
thank you for the follow
Lookn forward to the Middle of the Summer. #MeekMill voice
YOU the parent, are your child's best teacher.
Thank you for #FF!You're all inspirations...
Amazing how that works, right? :-)
she said they wernt evening dating? I already told her and austin testerday I made up the rumor in december.
There's nothing better than taking out my summer sandals in an array of colors. Who needs Easter candy when you can have shoe candy? Bliss.
Day of prep. Family is coming tomorrow for wife's graduation and fashion show! Excited for her! Pictures later my friends! EROCK
Awesome! So now you've met 2 #Heidelbergers. Your life is now complete :)
Glad to hear it!
In less than 200 yrs, we Citizens in the U.S. turned from sovereigns to voluntary slaves. How did we let that happen?
Love will last forever for God is love
Your Very Welcome! =)
WOOOAAW havent been on twitter 4 a very long time hahah ! :P >> how are u guyss?
Perferably something you kill yourself RT If you see "The Hunger Games" this weekend be sure you eat something first
I'm such a bad mom, I never did printed baby announcements, or started a baby book yet for my second born. Now he's one.
agreed, UA does make some solid stuff
well done, lad!
I can never sleep anymore.
No. Never miss an opportunity.
5-3 Habs Tom Pyatt left all alone in front and he puts it in the net.
Come with us if you don't want paint on your clothes...this epic #Community shirt by is only $10 at TeeRaiders.com
Very cool! I'll make sure to get in touch soon.
J. Crew holiday catalogs: keeping the USPS going since the internet was invented.
You know ot impossible to do.push ups underwater!!!!
So exciting to see #AirForceOne land in your town.
“: "A decision today changes tomorrow forever." - John Di Lemme”
It's whatever..
I wish everyone was as forward as me...
So need to send one back too, nightmare! Was it direct from amazon or a seller? Demand a next day delivery too. How does one split?
#Stress is when you wake up screaming and you realize you haven't fallen asleep yet - Author Unknown
Oh the usual. And yourself?
Thanks for the shout out! Come over to our Facebook-- we are giving away two guitars!
Real is real .
This place is a zoo
Oh! Allan Holdsworth!
Now, you can visit their state-of-the-art facility on Montano. With the highest quality equipment and the most certified technicians
Downtown Milwaukee is home base for AbilITy Connection via Independence First.
Can't wait Oscar!
7 new business proposals in the queue. Firing up the espresso machine...
timely as usual...funny fucker!!!
UGH!! Seriously? [back to hoping Dr is right and C is outgrowing Dairy allergy!]~
I think so. The generations of men up to the sixties are a different breed than now. Among Jazz musicians the gap is oceanic.
GWB inbound express is crucifixion
Kinda want a new era pom pom hat-maybe Bulls or Sox
...B Marshall's marriage...
My 3 year old went to sleep with Wild Things last night. RT : My 4 year old stole my NYT due to the Sendak drawings on page 1.
Gin really *seemed* like a good idea last night
dude how cool is Bugs Bunny?
new youtube vid up go check it out youtube.com/ABTheRapper
you're always right Thunder!
Hear is another song you don't want to hear in jail: "Pretty Brown Eyes" (by Mint Condition) Lol!
- please retweet fund link, thank you!!
Smoking Pot
3 of the CLARA team - this will be exciting!
you betcha! Sorry for the delay - getting the tw(h)ang of twitter!
Other new book I'm cooking from this week: "Bean by Bean" by the fabulous Think I have her full cannon now!
organizing my tweets on TweetDeck
Can't wait for
I can't wait when I can read for pleasure again.
Thanks for a terrific conference TIE! Enjoyed meeting lots of new online colleagues from South Dakota and neighboring states.
RT : A sumptuous kiss off the glass for the Cyclones. #MarchMadness (Love your turn of phrase. ...)
Email I think we can help you
I could sleep forever and still be this tired.
aww, ifeel special, and that makes me even happier <U+E32C><U+E32A><U+E32D><U+E328><U+E32B><U+E022><U+E327><U+E329>
is quick to shout you out on twitter but takes a year && a half to text you back. lol.
#ICantStandPeople who say they'll follow back, but they never do
Now, just imagine if you didn't have it to spend, Florida....lol
I am giving away free products. All you have to do is buy something at my estore and you will get a nice gift for free! not lipbalm either!
where are you going in those shoes?
Cocktailians: Is it appropriate 2 try & change some1's mind if he/she orders a #dirtyvodkamartini? & if so, what drink would u suggest?
It's like a bucket list but for the next big milestone in life
Kendo my man, have a good day
Nearly dark out. Daylight savings makes me feel like I'm working really late...but it's only 5:20.
ima do what i told youu . ima keep Tweting to came to our school Dance ^ . -
- no real rush. he's got a whole year to work with. just saying if such a shirt existed i'd be proud to wear it.
A woman who seeks to be equal with men lacks ambition. Ouch!!!
Lots of tornado warnings out there in the Midwest right now... y'all take cover and stay safe out there!
@ the United Nations for Social Work Day
I haven't been posting much, but I check in everyday. I'm working on (figuring out) my next move. It's time for something new, but what?
lol i should probably be sleep now. RT : Man I hope dis nigga be up when I get off
oh word!
makes me sick.
Thank you! RT : Happy Birthday ur enjoying ur day!
My favorite part of "The Iron Lady" are "The King and I" moments. "Shall we Dance?" is the song I sing when I have trouble sleeping.
Sometimes you have to burn your bridges to force yourself to continue to march forward. Don't look back
EVERYBODY GO AND WISH A HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! DO IT ! Happy birthday Pete !
that's not my nationality boy byyyyyyyyyeeeeeeee
join mine and i will join yours www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
RT : World leads mobile contactless payments; US has to lead mobile commerce - Dave Talach, Verifone
you too, hun
is it online? I'm their Educational Consultant....
Sometimes I am still shocked at how much ignorance exists in this country.
will be joining us from Nashville, TN to play at !!!
He can stay. RT : Inked my contract, decided against holding out for a case of IC Light.
I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
William Hall is my hero.
The new year is coming! What are you doing to prepare for your new year of business?
Holy shit! The sound fx and acting are amazing!
going to read at coffee shop with later
lick your finger and touch your nipples daddy you want me to do that 2 lmbao
It is now time for the #RoyalRumble!
Talk to Malena, home girl!!
Yes! RT : After tonight's episode, I agree with when she said in class "AMC is the new HBO."
Ha, I've needed that a one or two times in my life!
They must be running out of guys with beards by now.
2012 film watching! #44. Super (Gunn, 2010). Very dark film, not sure what to think of it. Cant recommend it, but didnt hate it.
What time is it where are you?
Tip #109: Take your time. Quick decisions rarely help in poker. Consider everything = max value or min loss.
Going out to happy our after work. In my mind I'm already there and yes it's only 9:45am.
In case you missed it, the Chris Spielman interview on #AllSides w/ is airing again tonight at 7 p.m. on 89.7FM....
FIGHT NIGHT!! Let's go Miller!!
Crossing my fingers!! hope that and our lovely pandas can give #DC a new baby panda soon!!!
Raise your hand if you're going to fail your Spanish final. <U+270B>
Morning yall :) I woke up and my throat... Hurts EVEN more ;( well anyway.. Have a great day ! Yea... Random : I love pandas :)
Newsletter: The Appeal of Adjustable Rates – Reported by The New York Times
so excited about your #google+ chat with our listeners! Will we get to meet your sister on this chat?
he might be but we got dem poachers tonight!!! Trouble on dem waters haha!! Good luck in Dallas!! I feel a podium!
And I'm drunk again!
lot of awesome vintage finds, & my friend finds the best items at NM last call center. McQueen, Chanel? hello...
Need to c if Markel n I will b spending d day wit sum1 on mothers day or not hum
Omfg Carry On Wayward Son came on in the car on the way back from Speedway
I'm finally home!! So how is everyone :)
: So glad you like it! We have a new cd comming out in June!!
Is Dan running it too?
It's the last day of the Home and Garden show - your last chance to enter our free furnace giveaway!
Pick and roll >>>>> Iso
hahaha perfect place to insert that line I just. Couldn't help myself
yeah have you seen his poem, sexual healing?
Uh oh you have a new addiction? :-)
Strongly considering a boogie lyrics analysis tumblr. There's some comedy gold in dem lyrics!
A big thank you to everyone that came out to see Chevelle last night. The place was packed and we all had a blast!
iv'e tweeted you 200 times today and you never reply :(
Can't believe I'm actually having breakfast at ihop nyc
I'm erasing all the unwanted drama out of my life, because at the end of the day all I'm trying to be is happy.
pick a day - I'll even bake - we'll invite all non-freeze Seattleites to join us!
good point. So it was just a foul ball, as if he was swinging. But it doesn't fucking matter anyway...
Tonight ill be at coco xo!!! Vegas style
can I ask a question about my future? ( don't worry not relationship/romance)
On my way home after a GREAT night! =-) Going to get some rest, then get ready for my studio session! ;)
agreed, but it's someone who's very easily offended. I send to spam instead, but miss legit emails from that person as a result.
Call a contractor you can trust.Mr.D's painting is Licensed and insured,and has been serving San Diego county for over 26 years.Con.# 630616
Great show tonight..had a ton of fun with some great friends..y'all know who y'all r!
You know she is loving it! RT : yay!! Kelly is getting out of the house!!!!!!!
Wanna be my Bestfriend(:
you 'comin up in the game' I'm comin up in real life...get it? you're a player? I'm a coach I got this money doin Calisthenics
This is by far the fastest a NFL draft has ever gone since I've been watching the draft.
Rainbow over west Seattle, hopeful sounding music on John in the Morning. It's going to be a good week.
If I join LinkedIn does that mean I won't get a dozen emails a day from strangers asking me to join them on LinkedIn?
Wish me luck today!
Awww, so so cute, it's Beautiful Darhhhhling :)
I got better a better price into LAX, even with the $15 (each way) super shuttle. But SNA is the closer one.
Time to get the hell out of here.
I saw her sister.
Denmark? I would love to see Denmark someday...
until u finally leave the bucket shop?
Thanks for sharing!! Have a great week!
Be careful of who you step on to climb your way up... They may not be that support you need on the way down.
Dave Matthews Band will play Farm Bureau Live at Va Beach on June 17 - tix on sale 3/9at 10am.
in that case I guess kill'em if you must...
Have u ever been to Strut??? #Reallycute stuff!!!!
gold mine!
What #soccer coaches say vs. what soccer players hear: 2-0 IS THE MOST DANGEROUS LEAD IN SOCCER. = Whatever! That's so stupid!
Students arriving for Gingrich event. He's scheduled to arrive at 7:30.
lol my own to king
I know some great food places on the eastern side of mass of you find yourselves over there
hell yeah
Voted in WI primary and gave the blue haired old lady grief about showing my photo id
We are eaten up with awesome.
OH! Now I understand! Thanks!
#100factsaboutme #7 all about helping to make the LOCAL businesses competitive in the mobile market. W.Qponomics.com
'Aggregation' is a form of 'networking' & 'collaboration' involving 'curation' of 'hyperlocal' content from 'linked economy'
If it is important enough to you, you will find a way. If it is not, you will find an excuse.
sounds good..what's ur team name?
All six pieces of us are very glad to be back.
Hope u love it there!! Better have some wild stories when u come back to visit Milw!!
Please say hi 2 Julie & Neil 4 me! I miss u guys!! Listen this fall for my son Rhett Williams. He will b shining for Riverdale.
I took a drug and acohol servey and they asked me if i drink or do drugs and all I thought was STRAIGHT EDGE!! BEST IN THE WORLD! :)
good for you! :)
Generally, do you have a good reason for saying what you do or using a certain writing style? Then I'm cool with it.
Come to The Cottage. Coffee, Bagels, Lox, Bacon, etc.
some young ladys grow up to be women & some like me? We just pop out the womb as women.
Always knew this sports bra was lucky
My ass is hungry for more cock this morning. Need to find someone to breed me at lunch.
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (727) 474 9988 Tampa\Clearwater Call NOW...
Our mobile version will be released shortly. Don't worry, we'll let you know!
Listening to tweets as they come in.
no they wouldn't. And the heat are gonna lose anyway
Same Cy, not at Alpine any more RT : Is he not at Alpine anymore or is this another Cy?
I wish it was July 7.
I'm me nobody told you to like it
Yep. We are a sick, sick fanbase! :) RT #Cubs Win! Now (10-16), 6.5 games behind first place St. Lou. Chipping away :)
I feel like we might of but I'm not sure cause it started from like 3rd quarter
your piercing is cute <3
Thx! RT Reading "My Soul To Keep" AND "Blood Colony" by These joints iz oh so fa sho...
Travel insurers need full disclosure and transparency to help consumers.
I want to start an all girl cover band.
I hope MWP won't come and elbow some Nuggies brains tonight literally. I think he will be an element tonight!
Jealous of all bitches at Lazerfest today!
I HATE BITCHES THAT ALWAYS GOT SOME NEGATIVE SHIT TO SAY ABOUT OTHER FEMALES. MISERY LOVEZ COMPANY!
im just letting u know u made me cry u were so convincing tonight i was like jane PICK BILLY OR ILL CRY+ur my newcelebcrush
ok done deal
When you unite mind, body and spirit you are experiencing yoga.
Next dates for my Beachbody challenge: January 23, February 6 and February 20. Limited spaces, Hurry if you want in!
Your so welcome, have a great weekend!
Gonna try to get my 4 year old cousin to go sleep wish me luck lol....!
are you saying "death to comic sans" tweets are not substantial!? i'm starting a freakin' movement here.
I can't wait to move out of Georgia.
So how do we RETHINK Detroit? Can we RETHINK it ? Is there a solution, a vision?Where do we go from here?
What's your next biggest financial goal? Buying a house? Car? Paying down debt?
adina howard - nasty grind
I can't stop listening to Gotye. Got any other recommendations?
InSquared attendees and friends! Join us at 13.5% Wine Bar tonight around 7:30 for a meetup
yeah, joe lando was boring in 1961, bitch is OLD
The lightning is crazy in San Fran !! #thatshitcray :P
I love this!! Tx for sharing!
silly we use #wisconsinorganicstrawberries and sell them in michigan on #mothersday it completely changes our cost structure
Off to go pick up gardening supplies! Making a secret garden out on my back patio :)
I'm surprised dat computer phone ain't no wat I was talking abt
Yeah that's me on the treadmill thuggin it out w/ Nicki Minaj's "Hov Lane" turnt up to ignorant levels!!!
if your not WEIRD your not GRAND
Too many haters not enough players
Fucking BahHumbug... I didn't wanna go to the Christmas parade of Lights anyhow
so you like the shirt...or alex? :D
EEk! Never been to Portugal before, but finally get to go this summer!
yess its really good
JET JET JET!!!! Jason Terry is stuck on Automatic!
"Belt around my neck...dick in my hand." - Tris
The Walking Dead blew my mind last night! NOT what I was expecting!!
RT: - declared today "Indiana Pacers Blue and Gold Friday," so dress appropriately.
Only the present is real. It contains the fullness of the world and the fullness of spirit at the same time.
It's NYE do you know where your grandmother is at?
Today is the Incredible #Dog Challenge! Who’s going to be in to see the competition?
Raise your hand if your drunk tweeting. Get that hand in the air
Im not about that twitter life.
what makes u say that?
ain't shit you good out there in the higher learning school world
The post season is under way, go Ducks!
At #Smithsonianthirst we're going to have an interactive GENETIC experiment! Yes, we're determining the biodiversity of you!
me ima real let bulletz go flyin dude, i remember on 69 when all i heard was suwoo
RT : My Q for GenY: Would you prefer self employment or working for another company? What's your ideal career?
Haha it's going god! My birthday was a shit show. the usual
at least she says "dated" rather than "did"
Nice! I think someone's gettin' a last min xmas gift! RT you can buy it on amazon for $9!
yo where can i send u some tracks homie?
Who the fuck takes someones car without asking? Oh that's right, my dumb shit sister.
Thank you and keep in touch. Peace upon you.
Digitizing SPECIALS now being offered!!!!!
Music is as much a part of history as many other artistic masterpieces.
Sometimes the things we write aren't for everybody. Sometimes it's for a chosen few.
we took photos to document, kept a sampling of the clippings, and threw most of it out
Local mailing list looking for "toddler dentist," "children hangars."
love that throwback Thursday pic. 2005 was a great year
fear is non existent we have peace
#Drinking and #Dealing #GreyGoose Specials tonight! $5 cocktails, $7 martinis!
Action shot! interviewing Mike Eline.
Lost my voice. I could make a 900 number a lot of money right now. Or do some Louis Armstrong covers.
Its like selling snow to a cactus. Its like selling birth control to Oprah. Its like selling a stepping stool to Yao Ming.
Is there a way to have my cats legally compelled to not eat my face in the event that I die at home, sad, old, and alone.
#Election - if i vote for you,
Fuck I do too much to be healthy
So excited about season two of #DowntonAbbey tonight!
I will text you all the info
Preeeezzzziiiii, no presenters notes? UGH.
Sour grapes check in. RT “: How was that not a fumble?...”
ALL 8 Candidates are present tonight: Bailey, Breiseth, Bullock, Cooke, Hannah, Johnson, Taylor & Welch
Just wanted to check in really quick and say......LAKERS SUCK HUGE DONKEY DICK THOSE FUKIN PUSSY BABY BACK BITCH CRYBABIES......<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Just landed my first singing gig since forever! Details to follow, right now need to dust off my guitar
You going to the #Caps vs. #Flyers game this Sunday?
the way they sounded it out that'll be the case if NYR wins tonight.
'We are not interested in the possibilities of defeat; they do not exist.' Queen Victoria
I can't believe it's only Wednesday!
Fiction reveals truths that reality obscures
ew gross. got hacked.
sorry but i can't really take him seriously haha I may sound like a hater but ehhhhh
Thank you Texas Sun & Shade for your generosity!
By any chance, does anyone have a sharp object that I can stab myself in the eye with?
: That's wut I'm talking about!Presenting another paper on in November.My life's work is decided!
i just seen madea's big happy family it was'nt that funny except for the byron
Perfect weather, intense , surrealist women , and lunch with ,
This week special on my blog: Wine Country, Reg. price $754, Sale Price $200, Ends 8/28. Visit http:dmgartstudio.blogspot.com for info.
so excited!!
3 on 3 Fall Hoops Series starts tomorrow night! There are still limited openings available so grab a friend and register today!
Last day of high school:D
I'm excited! Don't know why yet!
I like it. I just can never do things on Friday nights now :/
Oh, the Places You'll Go by Dr. Seuss: Life is tough...suck it up and wait for the good parts!
Officially a Sophomore. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
what?!? Omg. Austin im soo sorry.. What happened..? Im praying for you and your family. Ilovee you austin. <3 :'(
Getting things ready for April, it is autism awareness month. Need to get a new autism shirt!
<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0090><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF> you can guess what that is hehe. I probably shouldn't have downloaded the emoji app..
"Now all glory to God, who is able, through his mighty power to work within us, to accomplish infinitely more than we might ask or think."
hey did I see you post a request from ISOS for a band to play ft worth March 17th? And would that be too close to the 10th?
god. That's not what I wanted ;) Lolol
Listening to Mayday Parade all night <3
Waiting on you over here!
Omg yes! Haha
Looking forward to the annual Mobile Marketing Association forum tomorrow in Los Angeles!
a joke
“: (does that link work? on a plane and can't test it, low speed internet / first world problems)”I can't get it to work!
Thanks for sharing! I hope that means you liked it. Let me know if you've got any Qs or feedback.
No clue what the hell is going on with people the last two days, but it's like somebody jammed a stick up everyone's ass.
“No, baby, you weren't a one night stand. You were an audition. You just didn't get a call back.” <--------- MY LIFE.
My comedy is different every time I do it. I don't know what the hell I'm doing. -Adam Sandler
I saw them on my berry! :)
As long as I have plausible deniability.
Sleepy. Glad there is coffee for the morning!
Do you believe you have the power to change your #morphology ?
Why can't you watch the VMA's???
Peps be finding out about the blog that should not. At this point
Happy Birthday Mr. Good Boy! Don't ever lose that name.
Thanks and for coming to Change Mgmt in HigherEd #E11_SESS063 #EDU11 ! Hit me with any questions!
- I have been unplugged for the most part and this is a little late but thank you for the RT recently. Appreciated.
Lunch and then post office drop-off of our wedding invitations. Almost there!
“: People cannot drive..... Seriously” look who's talking
Back that thang up (talking about the car) comedian moment burning rubber lol.
Life groups start in 2 mins no one is here yet but we will see how it turns out
Assembly concurs in bill to limit number of income taxcheckoffs, bill was amended by Assembly and now needs to be concurred in by Senate
“: whats been up? Its been a while” been working hard! See you at #Mojostock ?
48% of battery:/
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089> Thank god it's almost time to see my boo <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
I'll tell ya what hailey, you get on Skype, figure out if you can three way Skype and if so. We will do so!
Lunchables on deck
One on one, you'll have my full attention. I do not take on more than I can chew. If your event is out of my league, I will let you know...
Having a 'never drinking again' moment.
This Sat is the Birth of a NEW venue in Hollywood called VINYL! Join us as we open doors For the 1ST TIME EVER to the Public.
Time for a lil dj session
That's like my full-time job -- wine included! Haha. Best job ever. :)
I'm never a night owl. I went to sleep early too. Traveling today, hope I can sleep on the plane.
o wow your a Scorpio that's even better I luv scorpio women
shut up
Excellent, thank you for your help!!
A Day at Hatch kicking off http:// twitpic.com/4x7y87. I wouldn't last 5 minutes with the cats.
Geez, Glee was morbid tonight
I get it!!! Now I kno y ppl prefer twitter ova FB...follow me on twitter #team4women #vote2012 #leggo #NYC =D
Really liked your song for the OurStage contest, girl. :3
yeah I'm still new at this too trying to figure it out
Sometimes i wonder why i even speak.
It is going to be the 14th, 7p.m. in PSFA 200. : )
I remember Drake and Josh, and the Amanda Show. RT if you do<3
My good friends were engaged n married today. Me still longing for my namja chinggu to come back from the sea!
$75 for 12-session Kettlebell Essentials Training Package at Art of Strength Training Center NJ ($150 Value)
#FF - Loved having this little nugget in LA this past week!
Who do you guys think A is on pretty little liars?
S/o to my new followers! Hey guys
Wake up every morning with the thought that something wonderful is happening today. God has already done it.
Looking for some great yoga and activewear SHORTS for this heat? Check out what we've got including Lucy and other hot brands!
if you got a problem with me being 100% real with you, then don't talk to me or even bother being my friend
Just started reading Matterhorn by Karl Marlantes. I am excited.
I'm going through the responses, I have had one other email saying same thing. His security settings were set to "very high" maybe?
Im still on my lenny kravitz isssh right now
Great! Call our office 972-899-9640 and talk to Heather, she can set up a time for us to meet. We are in Flower Mound.
Congrats on the new job, Coach. Welcome to the South Region!
The City's Internship if ur 18-30 yrs willing to make a 12 month commitment in Letting Oahu Know about JC!
Learn Chinese for the day: trip:<U+65C5><U+884C>, cat:<U+732B>, build:<U+5EFA><U+8BBE>, trade:<U+4E70><U+5356>
I hope the Kings sweep this series and the Stanley Cup Finals.
HAHA! I'm sure that will rock.
or dress them up with glasses, earrings and ball gowns, lol.
That moment when youre having feelings for your ex again...
What are you testing? working from this side ! RT Hi Twitter are you working?
#imhappiestwhen I see , so #shoutout to for having him. It'd be a #bigmistake not to #follow (;
good point.he was better than iverson
Moves 2 make...(bad)news 2 shake...some of these dudes need to stop playing
So, I was asked to review a poetry book prior to publication. Always honored someone thinks enough of my work to ask. Will post on my blog.
using kexec so it doesn't POST? Or something like 'init 2' perhaps? :)
I PASSED SKILLS CHECK OFF TODAY!!! YAY!!! National Registry on Tuesday... ONE MORE STEP TIL I CAN BE A PARAMEDIC!!!
Personally, I don't think there's wise life on other planets. Why ought to other planets be any different from this one?
Its getting Real Tonight Yu not the only bitch on my mind.
Congrats to for making it into her school's fabric styling program for her BFA! So proud of you! :)
RT : Meet Kevin and Nathan at our booth 336, they can help you #seal your
Lazy kuz i have to go school!:/ But that doesnt matter how about urs?(: #Follow ??
Congrats to winners in Miami today. Max Angelelli and Ricky Taylor in DP and Emil Assentato and Jeff Segal in GT.
Avon drivers <<<
Facebook execs hit the road to persuade investors
I'm weak 4 fine women wit big asses LOL oh yea
the green ranger was just dat NIGGA man. he was called ONLY if the rangers were getting raped. even then he might not even show up
case and point
I vote purple!
hahah too bad.
"An Error Occurred" Please guys. . . you've known your release date and number of preorders for how long now? Get it together.
Daz Ravage has recorded a new personal best time on Chengnan in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
Well gotta go install some systems. Be back later to take questions.
Portsmouth/Seacoast peeps...we are at the Press Room this Thursday eve-- no cover! Please stop in and say hello!
But thanks for telling me all that stuff, I will try and work on it
No problem. Have a nice weekend!
Roku player for my tv. It's almost like having real tv again. #Grimm I am watching you...
I'm fine, it's just the curse. Thanks for checking though :)
i WANT A BOOK
Its too early in the morning for people to start b*tchin..
Been along time i shouldnt have left you
When boys have dark hair and blue eyes
Just ran the table in adult beerpong. Both awkward and reassuring that I haven't completely lost it
I hope hope hope I sleep better tonight. I can't take another one of those.
Insecure comedy writers overcome their fears that nobody likes their technique and do it anyway.
#kids Repacking Your Bags - Wednesday Evening Series: Repacking Your Bags - Wednesday Evening Series from Wednesday, May 16, 2012 at 7:30...
For those who follow / Atlanta Public Schools - is blocking our tweets at this time. Trying to remedy.
I kind of love Battle this week, guarenteed to get the carries as long as KC can keep it close, safer than Torain or Hardesty
God marks across some of our days, "Will explain later. " - Vance Havner
Hey it's BK, You get your own Pizza named after you, what would it be?
Thankful for time at home!!
I have a friend named Jay. We call him J for short.
I'M SO SAD KNOWING THAT MY WISH OF HAVING AUSTIN MAHONE FOLLOW ME WILL NEVER COME CAUSE HE NEVER NOTICES ME
how about a cookie? :)
Strangeland is the worst movie ever filmed in Co Springs. Dee left a turd for sure.
Fans are still coming into the building
600 + Followers, 100 + Likes on Facebook, thanks for the support everyone!
I know, we're going to have a ot of fun in August =p Yes, I close Friday, I think I work a few hrs with you
TCU misses their last second attempt and we are headed to overtime!
It is my problem when it involves my friend.
Urban Legends Graphic Novel given to Susie by Greg Wendling serves as next week's sketch suggestion. Mine is "Paul is Dead"
This might be my first tweet.
All I do in office service is read articles online and watch videos. Easy A+. c:
I miss real housewife's of Atlanta OMG #team Kim zolciak
I'm that lady on the streets, but your freak in the sheets. ;)
It is raining like there's no tomorrow here in Santiago.
haha oh I'll be there alright!
1 of my favorite topics 2 teach - learning the ins and outs of this industry...it's all in the negotiating.
WORD to the MOTHER today Urban Flow at 4:30 MamaFlow.
I hope it goes 19 innings. Sitting on my couch w nothing else to do. Upset about my #Caps loss. Already too many beers in!!!
Whoo! In line st the Myncheeze truck !
RT if you are online ! ;D
Defenders of military families Meet Money magazine's Heroes, including Holly Petraeus of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and fou
The Sox are one step away from drafting all of the stuffed animals at Sunnyside Daycare.
Bahahaha. She's too much!
Great show tonight about humans monitoring every aspect of their selves using apps with and
GM FB and Tweet World!!
I'm good wbu
Thanks for the awesome article, Jonathan :)
A portal introduces the reader to a subject by presenting images, categories and excerpts of key articles
Getcho ass off here! Go back to fb! Lol
& here it goes..
Do use mobile apps more for entertainment or more for utility?
$5 tall skyy cocktails, $2 Miller bottles n $3.5 bombs any flavor late night happy hour now till close. Boom chakalacka
If you are not a Super Bowl fan. Guys check out Jerk Off Heaven at www.xxxmalltheaters.com/Stores.htm
Email me at
Always a MUST<U+2605><U+2605>Follow
same..it's still 8:30 as far as my body clock is concerned
why do you say that?
My allergies have been insane. Weirdest part is they are much better when I'm outside. Anyone else have this problem?
amazing game so far, go Heat
I'm assuming they are for rent right? My landlord is giving me the option to move out in a month or two...
i mean if you love the weather why not show it by being spontaneous..?
what's the addy?
BREAKING: New iPad is "amazing."
RT : Tweet us your favorite #Bacon dish & enter to win a $5 gift card to ! Post by 12/30 1pm!
Happy friday #funny friend
You guys do realize that the news media blew the CIA's cover in this thing right?
From Stratford to the World. From One Time to Boyfriend. From 1,000,000 to 21,000,000. Dreams don't come true? Never say Never. (:
Thanks for you're great insight and advice on your panel!
it was the 12 year as well. Loved it. What did you think?
Previewing Giacomo Gates latest The Revolution Will Be Jazz a tribute to the music of Gil Scott-Heron. The man can swing. Kudos.
Designing NCR forms - Invoices and Estimate Sheets
just a couple more days of this shit
#dyk you can tweet from contacts?
Hey Marseilles is busy creating new memories at The Neptune.
Best rides ever :)
Nailed it. Conversation is so lame. Go ! RT That goal is stupid and insane.
Let's go heat <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
And they all said amen RT I have to blame YouTube for all ignorant music people keep putting out.
lol i curse to much but in real life i dont...
haha changed the name
#111111111111 you are a taylor swift fan, which makes you cool.
Happy birthday
SIS Student Speaker. "The frog in the well can not conceive of the ocean." A Japanese proverb that encourages us to explore the world.
not cool dude..
My Friend: "Oh yeah my dad got a speeding ticket." Me: "For What?!" lol
RT : just gave me some valuable advice just now. Gave me some pointers, gems. I hear ya Rozay! Taken it to heart
Am I the only one receiving notices of DMs that were sent to me - and, replied to - weeks and months ago?
When it is good and ready :)
I did and more (was up til almost 6! I could not put down that book.) Didn't see you on here though. Slacker... :)
RT what happened to Al B Sure? For real. I dare anyone to put on " I Like" buy Guy and not turn it up
Gentleman, scholar, and waggish rogue has arrived at Twitter. Please join us in welcoming him.
Omg I'm so unprepared for this! #nowwhat?
Anyone have a Pinterest invite to share? I am always looking to extend my social network marketing for my photography. Thanks!
#ABFF has partnered with Nickelodeon on their tv writing program. Yeah for diversity in tv! #NICE!
Wow... Lost Another friend today. RIP Ima.. you will be missed. You encourged me to go to Culinary school.
So let's get down on a track...
JOIN THE MOVEMENT LIKE THE FAN PAGE LEAVE A COMMENT
Conceited gays on here.
I paid for half of it do I use it. I'm about to start insanity again in in the next few days.
The human heart weighs less than a pound
oh my gosh just stand up and announce that you are going to start screaming until it turns into a library again
This is scary, but Ron Paul makes a lot of sense sometimes.
Dead. Tired. Wake me up so I can start drinking?
Dear Nashville ~ I heard you're a hot date, so please make sure to show us a good time. Coming to getcha w/
doing some long over due laundry and still working on zines....
Happy Easter to all...what a beautiful day!
#ESS RT I once went out to dinner with friends after working at Sbux & one commented on the weird mole on my elbow....'twas mocha
and crash our #brodate. I don't know :) you running the 5k
disagree that VCs prefer long IRRs over short multiple. Also some funds have significant partner $ contributions. Ours is 30%.
The ghost of Vince Lombardi tweet has got to be the best on twitter!
Coffee overflowing down the side of the standard white ceramic hotel mug only to fill the saucer.My coffee has conquered the (white) ceramic
wtf why are irrevolent ppl hitting me up out my face
Game 6 of the 2011 World Series..Remember it people, this will be talked about for a LONG, long time..
Participate: some SES groups know how; others don't - esp secondary level.
dont see it
dear OPM: throw me a bone here.
I love watching soccer. Hoping to join a team this summer/fall.
Whitney Houston - 48 Dies today ~ just a while ago details to come they say.
#Love #TeamUET RT : avi is dope U.E.T
Add me on facebook www.facebook.com/csyeager for more pics pimp me
Donate your gently used Halloween costumes to Costumes for Brookside Church at the Sweet Shoppe! 9/1-10/19 THERE WILL BE RAFFLE PRIZES!
I'm hanging out in Edgewater, NJ today from 12-2 with some swag. 905 River Rd.
Had a callback 2day at an ATL hotel & ran into the bad guy f/ Terminator 2. For a split second I thought he might morph into the T-1000. :/
Met up with Michael Golden - definitely worth a look!
Having more than one dog means never having to clean up dog vomit.
I Cant Wait To See My Baby Think Ima Do Some Polo Or Lrg Shopping For Him !
Gearing up for the #alpocalypse!
What? You are in her wedding?
I've resolved 2 never stop pursuing God's presence & urgency 2 seek His face would grow daily. He alone brings hope & sustinance 2 my life!
April 15 @ Triple Rock w/ Take Cover & jamestown story! RT : When are you playing in the cities? I need some ATRM :)
thanks for broadcasting the Combine online so those of us with TWC could keep up!
Read the winning essays from the 2012 African American Trailblazers in Virginia History Essay Contest in Sunday’s Richmond Times-Dispatch.
me too!! One of the highlights for sure...
The UN Plan For Running The World: Global Carbon Taxes, Global ...
While my manuscript is percolating, shall I edit the romantic fantasy or the dark contemporary fantasy? #amediting - Once I decide, that is.
I can't believe I did that. Smh.
Watching Dragon Ball Z!
oh man, now I REALLY want some donuts!
but do they look cool? that's all that matters... ha
Can we be the 1000th account you follow? Please <3
Movie Night!!! YES!!
Like yo dude aim higher. Don't try to be me
i'd rather be single then.
Several New Vivotek IP Cameras have been launched at Ingram Micro this week. Please visit www.4xem.com to see all the new products.
That moment when your Excel sheets gets the spinny wheel & you realize you havent pushed saved in 30 minutes of calculations...
#Showalter is a pro's pro...giving #Chen the spotlight nighty-night. Buck's the real deal.
WHY am i not in Copenhagen for #swcph - Have an awesome time everyone!
#IFindThatAttractive when he bites my lip when we kiss >>>>>>>>>>>>>
chyllin my nigga trankilo waiting to hit nyc where u from bro
It's F'ing snowing?!?
bridesmaid. Oh well. Am I being a baby or should I say something to her?
Vic Wooten &Stanley Clarke 2 sets.education of a lifetime w/shannon kocon Chris Bates Tom Whaley and Charles Fletcher..blessed and inspired!
PS - welcome home! Hope you enjoyed the sunshine and did lots of relaxing by the pool.
your secret is safe with me...
Jacketman09 Jacketman09 WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WE ROCK custom VARSITY JACKETS WORLD NO MINIMUMS! WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM
I didn't wanna keep u waiting for too long now missy :)
somebody please make those idiots shut up before I throw something at the tv
Shot Girl, prizes, tons of Fun!!!
Thanks Scott! I think I'll do that. xoxo
Yup. I still watch disney channel sometimes...
Or "multimedia." Gosh, what isn't? RT Can we place a moratorium on using "dopamine" to explain anything for like the next 6 months?
that's what YOU think haha....and then you graduate. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093> oh
It's really sad because she doesn't deserve this... Wish I could hug her right now and tell her not to give up...
Man I am ready to start development of Loft 401 Condominiums (www.loft401.com)........anyone iknterested?
Happy Birthday ( a little late ) !!! Have a safe trip ;)
Hope you can catch me on FoxNews today during the 11 am EST hour. Thanks!
Checking a job in Tribeca. Stop in a bakery for muffin and coffee n ask for butter for my muffin. She doesn't have it. A BAKERY??
I believe that is Will's infamous corn husk wreath. Jess?
For sure! I'm glad we tw-connected! #GoodWeekendFun!
Crap men on the corners.Come on Yanks UGH!
theres no such thing as an evil turkey
Got an idea for an image for the front page of Blogs @ Baruch? Let us know.
it may be a certain head photoshopper for our library
I opened my windows...now I will have to sacrifice myself if the bugs get in...can't risk my posters lives.
What is your favorite product that DoGoodBuyUs currently features?
Agh he freakin' ditched my ass :o
Changed my name, i think it fits me better dont you? :)
Dear Lord
nothing really and I like how you say that like something is always wrong.
RIP Whitney Houston, I watched The Bodyguard on VHS so much I wore the tape out! And Waiting To Exhale was my shit after my divorce. Sad day
Gotta love Arya's "prayers". Love that the list gets longer and longer though out the series.
These PREDATORS @ NAMBLA need 2 be STOPED!! THESE ARE BOYS!! AS IN THE WORD CHILDREN!!
#SongsThatWillAlwaysBump #Rkelly "trapped in the closet" believe it or not, 2of those stories are about me...and ur mom.
sleep exam tonight i hope i don't fail
Starbucks! They come in cute little packets. Lol
hip hop
...Or I could just be weird...
Monday Night RAW.
888 Poker has become the official “fanzone” for the Celtic FC. What that means is more football related promotions and member rewards.
EMMY SUP! st mary practically reunion party you gotta go!! aha i think i convinced kelsey to go but i will be texting you lata!
I'll email you soon promise!
LOL too funny!!
Aw/: that sucks well maybe next weekend?
working on getting the right ppl to view our vision
"Your life will rise to the expectations that you have for yourself." -Abiola Abrams Girl I LOVE your blog! Exactly how I operate!
I honestly don't care if you can go your own way. Just play Justin. Lol sorry that was mean ;D
Shout out to long time no talk waddup patna!! :)
Liam just called a nativity set a "Jesus farm"
I remember the time when hacked my twitter and changed my icon and background to pictures of pugs -___- LMFAOO
Feeling seriously deficient in vitamin
The K Street Ambassador is....Molly Urciolo
Learning the proper way to bite apple slices. You?
Not to jinx it, but someone may finally be subletting our Charlottesville apartment come June 1, so I can stop paying double rent! Yay!
If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves. -Thomas Edison
Thank god they're only $1 :D
RT : What are your thoughts on the Super Bowl? Did you think it was an exciting game? Did your team win? Ours did!
oh, they will alex ;) #neversaynever <3
Shake That Ass <<<
What a PERFECT morning
Why you gotta tell me you love me again?!?!?!
most likely haha where are your seats?
lol XD i told you i would didn't i?
If people would worry about being #successful more than worrying about who #unfollowed them...they would be UnBroke!
We! My shirt came in the mail today. :D
Who ya got Cats or Kansas? I say Cats by 7-10pts.
I've read a lot about the NYC and L.A. ones--really interested in the idea of a private club centered on creative folks.
find us at facebook.com/morelikethemovies and myspace.com/morelikethemovies. Check out the new acoustic ep "if only" and stay updated!
You should offer to show to them on your phone.
I'm pushing myself to write deeper!
We love our Twitter followers :)
Dogs can have PTSD too :( Trainers, acupuncture, herbs and a little love can help! see link below...
I'm sitting next to fellow contributors & at #140cuse and they probably don't know it.
law school = High school cubed. We called UF "Levin High" prom and the whole bit.
New music tonight from Harry, Zayn, Liam, Niall, and Louis. YOU will decide if we keep the song. Listen up after 8pm!
Watching the MAC Championship has convinced me I don't like basketball. Watching deliberate fouling is not fun at all
Not much whats good Eric Day??
its so rare to have someone from say something nice about the for tour true and awesome article
That sounds like a GOOD morning to us! Thanks for the tweet!
so sorry to hear that. What seemed to be the problem?
for the 3rd time this month. Oh yea, this diet is off to a stellar start!
Amazon informs me via email that I might want to read Fitzgerald's This Side of Paradise. Thanks for keeping me up with the 1920s, Amazon!
When you thank people for even the smallest gesture, it says so much about your character.
Ctfu first thing that came to mind
Our DP Mike just strapped a GoPro Camera to his head as he ziplined down a mountain over looking a lake
Some highlight visits at the 2012 :
Whew... You managed to convince me that Twitter's valuable just before the bell. Send the cheap naysayers my way.
Alright, now it's #49ers and #giants game time. Who are YOU rooting for?
"I'll stand, with arms high and heart abandoned. In awe of the one who gave it all."
Very bad omen, most likely will be cancelled with'n 2 weeks.
You can do it! You're a soldier! lol
I notice every person I've been in a SERIOUS relationship with, names start w/ a "D" ... #NobodyCaresThough (lmao)
thx pancakes! It was a blast!!
It's 75 degrees outside, I had to turn on my a/c in my car on my way to work. That's abnormally warm, even for Texas!
Anybody else I know live in Birmingham? Should've asked this 3 weeks ago but oh well.
When mind and heart come together, mind serves Consciousness instead of serving itself. David Icke
Putting some old songs in my iPod >>>>>>>>>>>
good so she'll be my ride lol
Didn't they say the same thing about Pouncey in camp?
ha. from a bball fundamental perspective? Much discussion among the BBN about this play & the intricacies of the pivot foot
dog fish head is a big boy beer for sure, but that kind of beer a way of life in Portland with us "hopheads."
KNOW WE HAVE SLEEPOVERS ALL THE TIME." to my teacher. and thats not even bad. today i was
What you up to Beautiful!
You bet, Sam!
Never ran Ragnar or any relay before. Here's to trying new things!
As weird as this sounds I think I'm gonna miss sleeping on this twin xl bed.
Happy New Year's Eve, all! My 2011 was more than I could have ever dreamed of ... can't wait to see what 2012 has in store!
laziest day ever w/ and Vincent gallo
like small talk is so hard for me
was going to complain about ObjC's ARC, but it actually fixed something. Lifetime qualifiers are pretty annoying, though.
A crash at 181st and Division is blocking the intersection. Expected to clear soon.
#110 on the AMA charts this week!!!! :) Hooray!
good seeing you too! have a wonderful break, and we will have to catch up when you come back :)
Stay away from Mexico. RT: : BREAKING: Mexican officials report dozens of bodies dumped on highway near Monterrey. -EF
We appreciate it! We retweeted your blog.
check us out on lowerlevelradio.com "Groove Theory" is on the air right now w/ Dj Epidemic in the mix hip hop soul just click on tune in
ohh but he cheated on her too!
As promised: #deals & #discounts will be offered tomorrow during the day in celebration of our 100th follower.
Made a mistake:/
Had a great training for Afterschool Program volunteers today! Looking forward to a great year ahead!
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, Jan 24th, 10:30am "There is Sound all Around" Lincoln will join us for some noisy stories.
#Scandal gave me my life its the next best thing to Private Practice
So. Who's gonna come over here and help me pack up? Don't all jump at once.
justin bieber thinks he's black.
The best and brightest k - 12 education experts are here at #sxsw Austin, TX. - my eyes are opened - I'm learning a lot all topics discussed
it def feels less crazy lol, I tried to recreate that as if u were here last night didn't workout haha
Lucas said goal was playing on Saturday. Not if you embarrass yourself like bo has for the last 4 yrs.
This plane smells like pee. Great. Nap time for me so I'll pass out and try not to notice. When I wake up I'll be in LALA land!
RT Breaking news: Southwest to buy AirTran. The has a story on it.
RT : TWO WORDS: MATT TURK! >Can think of two games lost last year due to punting errors
who are you?
Hm. I seem to have forgotten how to do homework.
HNI is looking for school district and municipality leadership in Wisconsin that are ready to change the game. Let me prepare you for the n…
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Intelligentsia - Coffee Shop (live updates)
Thanks for the love
trust no one but urself :)
im starting to really get annoyed at this one fucking kid
Driving in my uncle's badass Corvette!
#WhenAustin watches a video made by a fan and personally tweets them to say thank you. <3
And so ends a successful trip to Portland. Off to San Francisco tomorrow!
many powerful and truthful quotes. Keep them coming..
throw in a fake seeing-eye dog RT : I wish someone would take the fake glasses look a step further and wear a fake hearing aid.
no heat
Yes! Thank you. RT : the morning after, I still love my haircut. something tells me I'm into something good.
Wishing you a better travel day! Happy to have you at MKE, but sorry your flight was delayed.
BORED!! wat should i do??
Restylane now approved for lip augmentation in patients over age 21
We have not sent out any direct messages saying that a blog is saying bad things about you.
Q3: How long should you be in a PR position before taking the next step in your PR career?
A shooting in Minneapolis, MN Zoo concerts and Kevin Love's big record. Listen at Noon to
Thunder and lightning!!!! Oh my!!!
Watching #Smash while I prepare headshots and resume for an upcoming audition. Fun, fun, fun!
That just means no 3 and outs - no need to punt, just touchdowns all the way!
Looking for my debit card x3
good morning Jane, happy Easter
It was for ammad ok. Today's his birthday.
managed to do all the homework that I didn't do over the weekend in 2 periods <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Heading out for 12 miles. Should I do the normal boring route or do one that is a bit more fun and scenic?
Good night bout to go to sleep
The misadventures of skooks is so weird
is back from Miami and ready for a great week. So much to do with so many wonderful people... the story of my life.
there better be a few boston dates!! :)
mind blowing, eh!
Thank you East County Democratic Club for endorsing George for Judge!
Watching Ducks gamee with the familaa(=
#primFTISLANDNYC If FT Island comes to New York Primadonnas will throw a party!
Happy Mothers Day 2 All the Mothers this is your Day. And All Mothers & Women r very strong Thank U Mothers & Women.
#Top10drupa No 8: Americans are saying “brilliant” and Europeans are saying “awesome”
my MCN topic proposal: Two words: Triple Store, erm, I mean, Graph Database. (cc: )
These new songs will blow your mind! ;D
You R Next: RETIRE OR NOT RETIRE....THIS IS THE QUESTION - May 04,2012 What is the definition and discussion of what and why: -What
Stoked to have finally experienced a service in the main auditorium ! Worship sounded incredible!
What song you talking bout?
at the midnight showing in Alaska now. Sun just went down a LOL while back and its packed in here.
The social was a blast! Top ingredients seemed to be vintage fountain pens, typewriters, special made paperie by
since I'm covering my ears, my sense of sight has become very acute...and I can't keep my eyes off those sexy Aussies over there
is minecraft on consoles even a possibillity if so would it be a full priced game
Can't wait! RT : So excited is hosting his official concert after party 3/27 !!
Serious accident at intersection of West Washington and Regent. Avoid the area.
you were awesome! Proud of you!!!
This officiating is rediculously inconsistent
Amen to that!
thats so true
RT : My only fear is losing my mom.
Monday Morning Brain Buster ANSWER: If you're like the average person, you'll laugh 15 times today.
iForum today 4-6p SZB546: Spencer Lilley - recruitment & retention of Maori & Pasifika Library and Information professionals in New Zealand
Seriously, thank you!
Dear Tequila, we had a deal last night. You were supposed to make me funnier, smarter and a better dancer. I saw the video, we need to talk.
My mom is trying to file an insurance claim on my phone, I really hope she doesnt try and get me an android phone we will have problems.
I feel so bad I can't even call out over the UK/ Reds nonsense
When you find out that hot girl has a baby <
It was amazing Austin!! PERFECT
To improve, the #1 thing a coach can do is to "learn all the basic philosophies...then figure out a style you can use." -
Yea, That's Awesome. Were Can I Hear Some Of Your Stuff?
‹›Love at first sight is easy to understand; it's when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle.
Gettin my life together one day at a time with a bit of #patience #hardwork and
Why does Nicholas Sparks make at least one of his characters die in almost every book?!
Happy National Coffee Day! Grab a free cup at 7-11's around the country!
we hope to meet you for a minute. Loving #CTIAW12. We are excited to finally show everyone the
XO! //RT I'm finally done! My super detailed Day one review is done! 45-rpm-sound.blogspot.com/2011/08/titwre…
That you are a YA book blogger with a loyal fan base.
My heart is like a lemming.
. great question about "Civil Rights" parks…How about every park is a Civil Rights park…but especially NAMA, MALU, WORI
Just got back from running 5.5 miles feeling good
Blue pit pups 4 sale call for pics website coming soon. 500.00 and up Rita
I'm totally beyond criticisms of Girls. It irritated me the first week, but I'd rather just spend my time digging the show
Any subscribers out there? Make sure to choose as your cause when making a purchase!
Really wanna run away sometimes
I'm. On. Vacation!
Same sh*t, different day. RT ": As many as 53,000 dead people and 182,000 non-U.S. citizens may be registered to vote in Florida."
good to hear hopeful stories from people with
had a great day! with my old home girl
Praying for Pastor Jeff!!!
Great article in Star on Ron Johnson from NCHS. Needs a nickname tho. How about The Stereo Salesmen or The Dugout King?
Its nap time(:
not a bad phone at all - also Samsung yes? I'm due for an upgrade soon as well - waiting for iPhone 5 announce
RT this album is serious...love it...love everything you put out...but this is fire :)
Watching football with
Sigur Ros, Battles, Botch, Pelican, and Empire Records Soundtrack
I'm happy you like it! I was a late adopter, too, so I blew through the first 4 seasons on Netflix pretty fast.
Found out what a juggalo is tonight.
Of course it's raining when I have an event tonight
Hi Scott! We sent you a message about "Pluto", new CD from Twintapes interested in getting a review, would love your feedback!
- comedienne/CD/all around rockstar! Loved her at this eve: 'whacktors + slacktors' <3 the lingo...
Be tee dubbs, is me. I'm channeling you thru diff twitter personalities...I just realized how lame that is...
Today is bring your bunny to work day here Winifred is definitely a hit.
Let's all go be "models" on Instagram.
eternal sunshine of the spotless mind
Plus, I have plenty of files to convert & copy to still write this weekend, but that can be done from home! YAY... wait.
Sending some beer to Madison today!
“Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.” Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
at the Wine Cellar in #mtadams tonight (1101 St. Gregory St., Cincinnati) 9pm.
I'm a vegetarian again
Can I ask you a question?
RT ": You're 9 years old and you have a phone!? ... Who the hell you gonna call? Dora?" Too funny
Thank you, veterans, for your service and sacrifice.
Even CTA conductors get cranky with the snow. Yikes.
“: Ready to be on the field! #southaventourney #pumped #motivated” good luck out there today!!!
happens to me all the time ;)
NIEMI is the Man! Go Blackhawks!
Can you believe he didn't punt the ball... Holy hell.. Well Brady still got a few fantasy points for my team!
“Be content to act, and leave the talking to others.” Baltasa
We sure did and thanks for the well written breakdown of stickK. We hope we help you and your readers stickK to your goals!
.: Wikipedia blackout really made SOPA protest newsworthy. "Geekiest protest in history" live in NY, SF
9 tickets left for #SYS! So appreciative of the opportunity to be part of the FLYness! *Picture me breakdancing w/ joy* Will I meet U there?
that's what i'm hoping! i've never been grounded this long ever.
Thank you! Thanks for the RT, too!
aw cool thanks sounds good.
“: How is Weaselnation to ever make olympics with such scandals?” You are on fire right now
Went to for the first time last night - incredible! Definitely recommend for out-of-town guests.
What is your case besides UK hate? RT : Ohio State would be mine RT : Kentucky your new No. 1 fans.
The site is back up! Thank you for your patience!
Great job breaking "portion of proceeds" model 2 financially benefit #Afghan women. We're awaiting their #cashmere scarves.
Pu-er tea may reduce cholesterol & aid in digestion, making it the perfect drink after a heavy meal! So many other benefits, but 140 limit..
I Wouldn't Say That. I Produce 85% More Than I Rap But I Perfer The Term MC Cuz Anybody Can Rap. That's Y There's So Many In Pgh.
I finished packing before dinner tonight-- unprecedented for me.
congrats! I share your passion for overuse of punctuation - my weakness is hyphens!
bish, Y U be creeping my twitter all the sudden?
you'll appreciate that I just broke Github.
awwwwie u suck donkey balls!
about time! Hah
our Germack java choice today was also Quad Americano. whew! Go Red Wings!
is causing trouble wherever he goes, then charging extra for troubleshooting.
thanks! There will be more in time. :)
Great picture!!
we got jokes now huh?
I haven't ran in about a month and I ran a mile in 9min 22sec....is that good?
Love u too ashley (: ": “: 8 Flavahz I like ur outfits. Not..” I love you."
Sorry if anybody experienced a glitch in our website with the birthday. It is all fixed NOW. Sign ups for tomorrow is still open!!!
FIVE is working to fill about 100 Healthcare IT positions in hospitals across the nation
Meanwhile quality comedians like Pete Holmes, Jim Gaffigan, Kevin Hart had to work the comedy circuit to reach success
Definitely ditch the Crest, but not just b/c of Fluoride. SLS is a harmful chemical found in most cosmetic products as well!
Love my mom and papa
The Lost Bet by Henrietta Hart
Just the thought of you two together makes me sick to my stomach </3
every Safari crash requires a double restart to come back. I don't get it.
Text me..
thnx for the RT, looking forward to working with you & on our project
Technology can be so annoying sometimes
No doubt!
Can't sleep and test in 5 hours sheesh
Get out there for some Free Art Friday Detroit! Check out the FB page or for clues!
Can't we chill and listen to music?
your retarded your tweeting some1 your next to
Both of your plans lower tax rates for America's wealthiest. Isn't it clear that Americans don't want that?
The message on jobs & taxes? Yes! More domestic natural gas? No. Please.
Coming up at 5pm is your next chance to get on our guestlist for our Red Solo Cup party!
I have a headache <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
#know12 Emphasis on scalability, archiving, social, & automation. CEO: custs told them they need to own the success of cust implementations
We have secured venues in Olde Town Arvada for season 3 of our festival! June 28 through July 1, 2012! It's gonna be great! Come join us!
Lakers let's go we got this it's all about the defense L.A forever baby
Juan is helping produce Tangos and Huaynos by the INCA, the Peruvian Ensemble on August 18
Please help us grow on Twitter. =) We would like 100 followers by the 22nd! We can do it let all your curvy friends know!
#WineWednesday is upon us again! Stop in tonight for $10 off all bottles.
"It was like Gchat meets Google Docs meets...ICQ if you remember that."
that is awsome. i am now busy, i ll be availabel soon thani send you jersey..;)
me and are twins
At TEDx san diego and we just met Marty Cooper, inventor of the cell phone.
RT If you have purchased your own personal T-Shirt?? RT RT
As of 3:45 pm the majority of buses are running on time. Delays could increase as traffic volumes grow during the evening rush hour.
Truly a great and fun way to workout! Interested in winning a #free personal training session?
#CaptainAmerica was solid. Loved that it was a period piece in contrast to all the other contemporary settings.
Step Brothers: your singing was like cross between and jesus
RT whats your book super rich about? DO YOU! is a great book.
I sang to you this morning!
Obama: "No US company should be able to avoid paying its fair share of taxes by moving jobs and profits overseas."
It is truly weird when things are familiar and not at the same time.
same here we need to party! And it's the first Saturday of the summer (;
your twitter did it to mee.
"no beer in this house means it's all bad in this house!!!!" hahaha this foo
GO!!! 2 outreagousrecords.com fill out the music page form and get the chance the WINN prizes or Meech Dogg's single JUICED UP free
I'm not surprised you don't remember giving your maid of honor speech.
It's not really that much going on now cause of the weather
Thanks, Emily!
yeah! big win!
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. ~Walter Bagehot
My one tweetable Tools of Change #toccon takeaway: still no push-button digitization of print content. So plan your x-platform workflow.
#ThingsMyMotherSays which one of y'all dropping me off
Went shopping today Ya DIGG
no way did you just say that. she must of done something way bad if i'm still thinking about the same person?</3
Senate makes breath booz detection standard equip in all cars. Not just DUI d-bags but everyone. Our Freedom? I have somethin they can blow
Coachella weekend 2 was epic! I got a beautiful tan. The weather was awfully hot but survived. Music makes me do very crazy things. Loved it
"The Best Dog Shampoo On Earth!
Leaving for the states now! See you on the other side.
Delaware controlling the puck mostly here in the first half of the first period. Blue Hens with swarming defense.
*left THEM listed...
See, this is where the point guard becomes an issue, Kenny and Charles.
Agyrophobia is the fear of streets or of crossing the street
Thanks for the RT. Filming in Yucatan, then headed back to Tulum in June. Can't wait!
and its costing me a small fortune cuz bird poop causes parasitic infections and thus flagyl tons of flagyl its not cheap
Dis girl finna get blocked steady dm'n all this spam
I just walked in and everybody is sleep..I'm still going to the show though
A couple people asked me if the Toshiba vuln was sent to the vendor. Not my fault if they don't comply with RFC2142. I tried.
just read about your state standards and had questions about how the students do with it.
I think I'm middle-class because, with $3000 to my name, I have more money than both of my parents combined.
you should check. there are probably a million tweets with that hashtag.
yo omg when the fuck is justin gonna be in New York ? someone answer me
Really hopes the pack step up...Im still feelingThis is the
Take it easy there, Nurse Bella. Don't stress yourself out, beautiful.
I always kinda mutter "Wow, Hotmail? Really?"
will do! its going to be at the aston dealership.
No internet for 90 minutes was like living in the 80's :P
Goodnight tweeters. Sectionals tomorrow.
How lucky you are! Have fun and good luck!
Oh well had to get up early so I can make that $$$ today
Craft rather than Kraft
HAHA!!! Made another girl cry!! Telling them one direction ARE gay faggs
thanks for including the article on the heat seeking Dallas museum tower!!! LOL!!
hahaha oh I totally remember.
Availability for powerful transitions life coaching M - T - W... 831.566.9209 No one is turned away for financial reasons.
I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now.
so many thing on tv tonight. dont know what to watch
with an extra $25 gift card & free product you can get yourself some sunglasses & give your sister/mom a great skincare gift
Yep I am the Leader On Duty. Just ask for a manager and I'll come running.
I love ccleaner! great tip!
you will love flamingo pink :)
Hey Guys! Check Out BundL! The latest group savings tool! Check Out the latest deal and Mcfaddens Boston by texting Bundl Mcfaddens to 41411
about to watch foreign dramas for a beautifullyy good hour <3 then back out to do more errands :(
TONIGHT! Beats On Repeat at , myself and spinning strictly #dfa releases, edits, and what inspired its creation.
"#life isn't about how hard you can hit. It's about how hard u can get hit and keep moving forward." -#Rocky V
ha I may flip flop from time to time. But the NHL's worst nightmare Yotes vs. Devils finals.
Arn't both pronunciations acceptable/correct?
Our Super Bowl kick-off: 09 Cabernet
I hope somebody did, I can't go through this again
White chocolate? Oh, that's exotic.
Love is a state of mind which has nothing to do with the mind.
She's like is it too tight and I'm like yeah a little bit. So her old Martha Stewart ass yanks it tighter..
Happy new year, everyone! What's on your #reading list for 2012?
Only 6 days left to register for Picture Perfect Spa Presents the INBF/WNBF Texas Fit Model Search (www.TexasFitModel.com)
images in by christopher and lydia
Peace is not the absence of affliction, but the presence of God.
Stomach full of pills didn't work again...
CHAD. Ah, now I understand. What Historic Pittsburgh Bars are you thinking about? Start at Oyster House?
Juice tryna tell me iont make alotta money , his bitch ass .
HURRICANE IRENE WAS PURE HYPE! PREPARE YOUR LIVES FOR TODAY TOMORROW AND FOREVER MORE. WHERE ARE YOU GETTING YOUR INFORMATION FROM
I knew you almost certainly weren't the right person, Sheba, but I figured you'd know the best way to resolve. :)
Marian Hossa is in my school's yearbook. Probably best thing I have accomplished in yearbook this year.
Shops downtown are boarding up their windows and the hippies /hipsters ate out in full force downtown. Uggh.
no, the reason I texted you was to be ignored. why in the world would I want an answer? what are you, crazy?!
God owns the Earth. Whatever you need on this planet, ask Him first. Whatever you want belongs to God.
thanks and for an awesome party. #UberIcon ftw!
always spells her name wrong
haha The fun we have in 's Class :D
great night, indeed! Thanks for being so cool to us.
Congratulations Gophers!
All I Phone Applications are up on ITUNES!! Get your arms, Abs, Butt and & Hip now!!!
There is lunch and then there is CURRIED for lunch!!! You know what to do!!! See ya soon!!!
is one of my many idols <3
There are only two options regarding commitment. You're either in or out. There's no such thing as a life in-between. -Pat Riley
Judge Cooper up for comment on Imagine Austin plan
Mistakes are the portals of discovery. James Joyce (1882 - 1941)
Obviously Tyler has AT&T
i am following yo punk ass!!! Dumb ass. Just look
Omg! #traffic near downtown San Diego is crazy! A part of the center divider was missing!
What a day! Going to bed. Goodnight! Sweet dreams. Much love!
Another awesome game! So glad I was there to see it this time!
Right on man. thanks for listening!
u can borrow from me! RT packed up my entire room, left out clothes for the week...too bad I only left out 4 outfits, not 5. Fail
Last-minute Spring Break deal: Concierge Level stateroom on Celebrity Cruise line for less than $400. 3/24 or 3/28 sailings.
im slim shady yes im the real shady...
The minimum he can receive is $5 million. I think he gets one more chance.
you are gorgeous!
God is calling me home to rest in the embrace of love. ~The Uncluttered Heart
lol that's not at all true!
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha RT : Her shoes gon tell you how her pussy smell...
wc...i follow them...
with your bro your such a piece of shit how does that work for you?
Thanks for asking! We're building a crowdsourced database of music industry definitions to help making business decisions easier.
what did you think!?
Someone should definitely interview the other members of White Eskmio. Wiat. actually. we are directioners. pro stalkers. We'll find them.
the celebs don't really bother me, in fact I kinda liked it when the Mavs shut them up by beating the Lakers.
I often hear “I don’t have time to network”. #Networking is something we can do any time and any place as long as we're open to it.
Fantasy Factory never fails to disappoint. Lordy.
plz tweet me im your biggest fan in the entre world
I can't stand Lana del ray, there I said it!
The sex tape ya but you dated like four athletes and married one and divorced him two months later
Happy St. Patty's Day! The pub crawlers on the goldcoast really have beers in their hands already! I guess they can't wait for the parade.
I'm reading fifty shades of grey. Consider me "Christian Grey-Obsessed".
I'm not so sure what I'll do for him either besides create a graphic.. Still thinking about it
There are some seriously moody guys out there. If you all could stop PMSing for a second that'd be great.
I have this feeling that the Bucks game tonight goes one of two ways, they get blown out, or they blow out of the Hawks. No inbetween.
T- 5 days till spring soccer.
I cant remember a time when things were perfect .
I have a long history of killing the year of whoever I take in 1st round for fantasy baseball. Miggy drew short straw tonight
white outfit is by Great gal:).
Your heart hurts, mine does too .
i find that hog fat is an acceptable substitute for butter for all of the wrong reasons.
Common/Sims/MacMiller shuffle
My wife's father used to do that too.
Kanye and Jay-Z are so yesterday. I'm most amped to see Greg Wiggle reclaim the throne this summer. @ Murat Theatre, Aug. 8
wtf get better
I caved, picked up the new iPad.
Every episode is a gimmick now.
whys the name I that hospital you were telling me about that no experience is needed just a degree
We don't have the power but we never say never <3
We? It's a lot of WE talk on fb and twitter about my Grizz. Its funny how full the bandwagon just got. It's always been #GRIZZNATION with me
much #RESPECT to you for spreading the culture
I left my wallet in El Segundo.
Hello friend, welcome home.
The station is down temporarily. Please be patient while we work to resolve the issue and get things up and running again.
sometimes we're not feeling it!
Man there are some people in the New York City subways that are sleeping with their heads in some crazy positions.
"May good luck be your friend in whatever you do, and may trouble be always a stranger to you' -Irish Blessing Happy St. Patty's Day!
Did Coach McHale slide into Morey's office and become a gm again....puzzling
Working on over 13,000 photos from 49 bands this past weekend. Exhausting. I hate deadlines.
AMEN AMEN AMEN ! ! !
Google+ is taking off faster than facebook, but I see a lot of unfamiliar foreign people adding me. Seems most are from Iran?
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.
I respect that. I love a good hockey game now and then!
Any hip hop engineers using waves plugins out there? What's your vocal chain looking like. Personally I fux with R-vox, trueverb, and r-comp
i've been waiting 4 dis moment but i think will never rt me or follow mw rite austin but still i luv u!!!
Editors- A Boh As a Ghost
thanks for the confirmation that I am not among the 1st 1,000 winners.
I fucked my phone up so bad tonight. Maybe its time for an
why doesnt austin follow jesse
Wed.'s Words of the Wise: "Always remember that I have taken more out of alcohol than alcohol has taken out of me. " --Sir Winston Churchill
I write YT newsletter & want to iview you about future story on social media users & YT. Email w/reply
working on a video conference test with WSBA & NJP
I swear if Kobe ...
Awesome back alignment. Audition. Pumpkin coffee w/tons of cream. Admin stuff with India.Arie in my ear.
NaLee2010.com check it out a brand new fantasy to feed all your senses!!! Mermaids dragons and a 16 year old boy!!!
thanks so much for coming out Mike! It was great to finally meet you - can't wait to hang with you guys again soon!
Anxiously awaiting the mailman, please tell me that money is in there today!!!
I think my "A" game is napping right now.... Maybe Kalie will bring me a coffee on her way into the studios
So bored someone talk to me
WHAT'S WRONG? text me :-(
Say Hi to Abe for me!
No doubt. They found some great ones. Maybe we should reciprocate. ;) lol
IP Network Video Security is a booming market that offers products allowing you to monitor your home or business from anywhere in the world.
Sounds good to me! Thanks!
S/O to fa da follow
will do! you guys need to figure out timess and lemme know!
When people display sht I don't like, I distance myself.
R.I.P. A true American icon Don "Soul Train" Cornelius...Love,Peace and Soul!
Who the hell do you think you are?
hahaha frustrated is an understatement! I've been looking for them forever
#MattFlynn for governor.
Multnomah County voter turnout for primary as of today just 20 percent not good news for libraries
lmao lil nigga was dying in my hoody, had to bring him out.
Can I just call in sick for work tomorrow?
RT : Hey #SDSU #PR and #JMS majors, will you be joining #prssasdsu next semester? >> yes ma'am! I can't wait to see everyone!
Going to watch the made for tv, courtroom drama biopic, Social Network. I wonder if it will make me join Facebook?.
How do the Marlins have enough money for all these players?
Excited to bare my soul today to the mastermind group I'm a member of.
damn. I don't have that channel
Now I'm going to watch Florence + The Machine at Coachella. Thank you for web casting.
Nor do I care : smh.. Is that what you think?? You obviously have no idea...
#freestuff Chris Godar or Madison's Zimbrick Honda is giving away $100 at Fleming's. Only 7 entries so far! Easy!!
Thank you!!! Another Nikita addicted? :D
“Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.” <U+2015> Marilyn Monroe
so I have to say this. Your sorta... Hot.. Lol(: #BestFriend <3
boom! Now, be super careful not to click links. Make sure your apps are deleted, etc. Because it never really goes away.
right now embrace the intention to be content with yourself and the world knowing all is in Divine Order and you are safe and secure
Dcenter is spending the afternoon at the America Craft Council show. Come join us at the convention center for our 3:30 panel talk!
It's #Supernatural season finale day. I love me those Winchester boys.
HAPPY TOMLINSON TUESDAY EVERYONE!!!!!!!! I love the #1Dfamily :) <3
So true. RT : Editing is everything. Cut until you can cut no more. What is left often springs into life. ESTHER FREUD
Youre so annoying!!!!!
"Its not a joke until someone crys" ^^ -Noah
I can't wait to go dolphin watching off Bali's Mimpi coast! Might even try scuba diving! Also can't wait to soak in the healing hot springs!
Boats. Fucking boats.
But why did I use this girls shimmer nonsense cream, now I just look like a shining ode
glad to hear on the airwaves today
Happy May, everyone! Less than a month until the
Rezoned For Mays
it's funny because, sadly, it's true.
Wait, so then who made Steve?
Happy Thanksgiving!
Hit the lights about to start
#bartrivia every Weds night. #whiskeytango Find us and like us on Facebook. :)
Two events today (completed). Reports and castings next.
selling dese Year of The Rabbit 7s & these cement 4s .. hit me
Red, white, and blue only stand for freedom until they're flashing behind you.
I came into this world black, bare and ugly. And no matter how much I acquire here, it's a short journey. I will go back bare and ugly.
you could make it a spa day!!! ;)
I want you to win because you are the
This has the potential to be the best yet. Super pumped for June 7-10.
Ladies stop saying dudes give up to easy, look at yourself and ask if you're worth the chase
Ebrary slides on metrics hilariously unreadable ( is tweeting pics). How data-clueless do you think we are?
whatsup dude! just got back this week... i finally have the chance to play guitar and stuff haha, how's everything?!
: When we get to the point where people are getting bored of spaceflight, that's a mark of success.
Talked on the phone with an old friend for almost 4 hours and decided it was okay to hang again. Having lunch manana/today.
Neil Sims to chair Offshore Mariculture Conference 2012 - Fish Update
Thanks , you're our 100th follower!
We have plenty swimsuits at j.crew!
Been listening to Christmas music all morning, it makes me feel better about all the crap weather.
Those poor farmers market people on Nicollet!
“: Giants deserve the win, the Packers earn the loss, Joe Buck I will always hate YOU.....” THIS
RT Samsung Captivate's retail package in the wild: You've got a little over a week to wait before these things offic... htt
"I don't paint to live, I live to paint" Happy Birthday Willem #deKooning, b. 1904
Headed up the road to Greenville and Charlotte for a few days to do some radio and speaking events! If ur in the area - pls stop by!
The sun needs to come out
I get it "Chick from my Midwest city who has a love/hate relationship with ice cream". You're Cathy, I get it. Go work out.
It's National Teacher Appreciation Week! Big "Thank You" for all the #STEM educators out there.
If you're not producing you have a moot point.
It's cold outside, Let's Heat it Up w/ The Twang Dragons hittin the stage tonight! Never a cover! JC
I know someone like that... Only if you don't text back he'll send 'hey' atleast 6 times then be like 'ok, I guess I'll go'
I'm goona get on in like 15 minutes:) be ready
There goes my baby!!!
#UWEBC12 48% of marketers feel pressure to report qualified outcomes of social media.
I voted for you. Hope you win!!
For realizes… Roxy would love that.
I can't wait to party it up with you love! It is going to be a good night!
We All Fall Down... They'll Pick You Back Up... I Believe In You <3
#WhoDoYouThinkYouAre was EXCELLENT tonight!!
Going to Disneyland :-)
Learning more SharePoint tricks and tips, especially JQUERY
Mexico irrelevant, true. But r polygamist grandparents < relevant 2 #Mitt's religion than Rev Wright is 2 Obama's?
exactly!! I came from a family with deep ties in the oil business and I can't believe these ppl are bowing down to this idiot!!
“: like one in the morning ?and give me it tag and no quitting if the score gets to high I enjoy running the score up.
what's going on,on 99N in Ripon? Huge accident or what? Were parked w cops everywhere.
Is it just me....or do a lot of sports fans think the Nebraska FB coach has no class whatsoever.
I met a fine ass 49 YR old white lady! She was wreckless eyeballing me real hard lol
Looking for some #protips & #socialmedia ideas on driving traffic to company blog/tumblr >B2B< any input much appreciated :)
Hi Steve thanks for contacting me not at this time no one responded to my book store needs
No worries. I'm confident that you won't release any work until it's your best work. It'll be well worth the wait!
Wishing you all a safe and happy Easter, may you enjoy all the candy you have been denying yourself the past 40 days!
Hello Friday my friend. NIce to see you again.
Thought about Fox pregame show: Merciless rip jobs on Torres, DeGea, Evans, Terry. Because they're an ocean away? Diff't tone for NFL, MLB.
Happy Mother's Day! :)
Coming back to Hillsborough For Mother's Day Weekend! RT : Good morning, New Jersey. Happy Friday! What are your big weekend plans?
thanks so much for the retweet!! And for helping me broaden that piece by directing me to & her work.
Happy Birthday Mark. God bless you!
Sumone email me church clothes , i cant download it from datpiff lol
that feeling u get once u double space the paper u've been typing in single spaced and u get way more pages than u thought
Listening to on behalf of speaking today at Social Media Breakfast Madison regarding Crisis Management.
Lou's the bomb. What producer?
So jealous...unfortunately I wasn't able to partake in the festivities today as I had to work. :( Enjoy!!
At The Marina..<3
Hey I'm learning!x
oh get used to it... Haha
Sergio Rey from Arizona State about to start talking about "Exploring Spatial Dynamics of Neighborhoods"
Morning y'all :)
its over.
Just Love...
happy monday miami only 2 days away i cant wait!
Seriously, TK? Seriously?
Back to work tomorrow, but it feels like I didn't even have a day off. Ugh
I must get those. Oh man please let there be Tree of Life action figures as well!
Mayweather would never beat Manny Pacquiao! His undefeated record would be trashed.
"he has an ugly girlfriend- an ugly gf means he lacks confidence"
bored! Anyone in the #NY area play #SWOTR? Like anyone on anchorhead sith side?
I want to go to Barcelona , Spain (:
The Zodiac Killer case has to be the most f**ked mystery ever. Is it strange that I'm fascinated by it?
Why do you keep calling Austan Mahone your cousin? x)
What did you finally end up doing with the 2TB?
wanna come visit me in Milwaukee? Swear it's wonderful.
i'll take that as a yes
Persevering in serving our Lord: The patience of the paralytic is striking: he stayed there and did not give up for thirty eight years. SJC
No school again!
Driving through Pennsylvania on a beautiful day! Any recommendations for lunch in Harrisburg?
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
": is a DICK HEAD!!WIT HIS GOLD FISH EATING ASS."u on that? Lol
Dbacks vs Mets! Come in for $2 domestic drafts from 4-7!
BBQ Part 2 with the Fam
If you are giving a gift for birthday, etc at least take the time to get them one also
Big News for SSRN- We have reached 50 MILLION downloads! The 50 millionth downloader will be announced soon!
watching Joyful Noise with my madre
Deciding what color to dye my hair via the usual method: throwing a dart at a Powerpuff Girls poster.
follow me? I follow back
Niall is prefect. This is true. That is all. Thank you.
Obviously not one you would have hired...
Anchor technology in overall museum strategies first-
What the fuck kind of school gives scholarships for field hockey anyway?!
You have to admit that Trump’s hair makes him look stupid, but looks can fool you. He is actually dumber than he looks.
If you live in Virginia Beach, then you might have had the honor of catching 1st radio play on WYRD 101 !!!!
Domination ain't even the word for what's happening right now
Thanks for the #FF! Have a good weekend, Kaspian!
Happy Presidents Day! Free Serta Luxury Blanket now when you buy a Serta Mattress. See stores for details.
Please join me on this journey as we begin an era of Effective Community Leadership. I will propose and support legislations that...
The kid who talks to himself out loud in class <
Must have been a clip on amazing legal work
Like to save money? Ask about our new packages. For a limited time save an extra 10%!
Thanks for the RT over the weekend, Noland!
Just discovered Great web tool for students to respond to reading by creating a video. Price is a bit of a dealbreaker.
Quality swim practice with .
Anyone else seen the preview for nxt wk's #Ringer? Things are heating up & there's a big twin face off! Can't wait!!
Swedish Fish Taco RT Lana Del Taco
hang out time<U+2665>
twitter I can't figure out how to turn off the sound
“: -- what is LMN ??? I see a lot of people tweeting about that shyt ...” um its Life Time Movie Network....i stay watching that
I Trust You About As Much As A “Pay Phone” In A Bad Neighborhood.
Who dates Sam Jackson?
Can you play Fastball's You're An Ocean?
Thanks to everyone who voted for Screen on the Green in this year's #BestOfDC Reader's Poll! Can't wait to see you this summer!
Tried to buy sneakers at the mall, but I have freakishly large feet and "I'm sorry, ma'am, we don't have that in your size..."
Absolutely. I'm in it to WIN it!
Who is Matt?
Love will ask you to step out of your comfort zone, to sacrifice and to compromise. If you cant agree to those, love wont agree with you.
"Boy ya give me butterflies deep inside" <U+E106><U+E106><U+E418><U+E418><U+E418>
Ferrence is sorry he jumped on Neal
We're having our 1st planning meeting for #THATCamp Philly 2012 this afternoon! Stay tuned for details (& let us know if you want to help)!
it is 9:51 AM over here. And there? (:
Does the rest of North Carolina really hate Charlotte? Tomorrow we'll have our first ever NC cities favorability poll
Can we make these next two innings worth the workplace distraction #Royals ? KTHXBYE!
Chillin wit B...... Wish I had the comfort of another right now but I guess thats life! And I love my friends lots!!!
Just too cold smh
holy crap. I think will only have to worry about sorority girls -- if they could actually find the stage
Negative motivation at this point
NBC5 is showing Joel Osteen plus an hour of "paid programming" before the NHL playoffs today. Why not bring Tony Little, you sellouts.
Tonight we are young.
cool let me know
": #GoodMorning"......Good morning handsome =]
It was amazing & a giant thanks to so happy to be in #Boston!
wishing to meet famous people such as Tyler Posey and Taylor Lautner.
Just catching this morning's news. Any policy outline? Anything that'd be out of place for centrist Dems, that is? Sigh.
It's not about you and it's not about me, it's about US.
Grieving about the violence going on in the world.
I wish someone could come with me in person tomorrow morning at 10:00, FH Neimans
Wait for
#np: "stop this song (lovesick melody)" -
These Reality TV Idiots should leave celebrities alone,no peace even on twitter
Working on our new intro! Hopefully will be ready for the Club 156 show!
“: Bieber in Floyd's ring entourage: Another sign he's getting soft.”shut the fuck up skip !!!!!
stop tweet watchin,
McCafe Shake to finish the night! What is your night treat you enjoy?
I grew up a preacher's kid and navy brat all in one, the rules and regulations were overwhelming, didn't go to church in jeans...
Good Morning!(: *waits to see who says it back*
its over..its done and theres nutthin u can do about it..that's it..it's done
This is how you make it. Write this down. Noodles, tuna, celery, PEAS, mayo (lots of mayo), salt and pepper!
Trying to find a job overseas. Anyone know of a good way of going about that?
Happy Easter and Happy Passover to all our fans! Have a great weekend!
Warm up with a pot of Iron Goddess of Mercy with a Fontina & Goat Grilled Cheese and a cup of Onion & Fennel Bisque soup
Considering the dilemma posed by "bird strikes" ...
Can't decide if I like Pandora or Last.fm better.
The guy who wrapped my burrito needs to go back to burrito wrapping school.
omg twitter is asking stupid. is everyone else having the same problem?
Players are not willing to admit they tackle incorrectly because that is all they know. Re-educating Coaches & Players is the only solution
#questionsthatdontgetanswers when someone says hey to you and you reply with 'hiya you alright?' but they completely ignore your question.
You making moves that's great...keep up the good work!
Wonder what those matters are ....
Anyone playing with OpenBadges from Mozilla? Learned about it during media stage preso. We are now looking at adopting
really? y is that?
Getting ready to hit the shower then out to pay bills and to work.
Aaaaaahhhhh....I can't wait to get my new Internet Friday cause I can't get any work done!!! Annoying!!!
shite is right
Will someone please remind me tomorrow that it's #FF so I don't miss it again. All week I've been thinking it's Tuesday!
This weekend went way to quick!!!!
What's everybody doing tonight?
ok I must add peppermint tea, nutella and peppermint tea...my latest obsessions
Dear diary, dodger fans are the worst ever. Making moves at the starlight lounge. All my peeps in la y'all are cool but fuck the dodgers!
“: Christian Bale. That is how all black is done! #oscars”
veg from the family allottment and from the front and backyard is amazing.
In the order of importance we need: financial support, dressers, tables & chair sets, beds, bath & ktichen towels, & cookware.
Hey whats up? <Be.YOU.tiful>
The best thing about bad times is how great the good times seem after it!( - Tara
I'm starting to wonder how academics survived before Conference info & ideas thru etc invaluable!
FREE WI-FI to customers!! Surf the net and enjoy some MANGO treats
#keeper RT : aye y'all just told me if we go together she'll convert to a lakers fan that's def what's up
and you are a girl :) impressive!
Travis: *in the middle of a serious conversation* my balls are sweaty... me: um.. thanks for sharing? Travis: yeah no problem -__-
#CNN is working to confirm reports of a shooting at former NFL player Junior Seau's home in Oceanside, CA.
It's also a lot of effort to make a statement that most people will miss.
So today I went to my "ethnic" roots & ordered a crayon flavored drink, my bourgeois is soo disappointed in me
FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY!
cool. Same old
DGAF tonight with Binary Beatdown headed over to Brown to catch before hand. Mad nice out, today shall be a good 1.
i tried but then i got kicked! but forreal dude. i cant thank you enough.
It's *Stalking
Forgiveness is letting go of the idea that the past could have been any different
if the 1st hour doesn't against, does a tree fall?
Thanks for the advice, it's pretty miserable. Good luck down in Florida and speedy recovery. See you opening day.
Iced tea, Frank Sinatra, and my puppy
My proposition, one and only. Adore ya, girl I want ya. The one I can't live without, that's you, that's you.
2. Janet Jackson : Retweet with which you'd want most & what band! 1. Front Row 2. Meet & Greet 3. Trip to major city
what no never but I gtg txt me
I'm making chicken tortilla soup tonight. It's very healthy and easy!
what what what????
I've decided not to attend your pity party #iHaveMyOwnIssues =]
Wait 'til June 9th rolls around...
I love Pop Latino, not more "tropical" Spanish-language music. I wish SiriusXM would make Viva an "on air" channel. Listening online now.
Seven Minutes # BornThisWayBallTourDates
My face hurts from sunburn ! :/ happy birthdayy Stephaniee!<3
Employee Ticket Trivia: Name 2 major league players that once played for the ! 1st correct answer wins 3 May 5 tix!
We are too. We are actually staging the play right now.
It's #FridayFriday Filet-o-Fish Friday
I'd have to buy a wetsuit... and a few vaccines probably.
::Sings:: "Becky's as sweet...as Tupelo hone....Becky's an angel, in the first degree..."
the 2 hour convo that me & just had >>> goodnight ^.^
i wanna work with you(;
wins one tomoro? Secretly(again)what's on tomoro? #I'llWatch! TIA
one more week and I will not pick up a pencil for two months
Going on a run. It's hot outside but, ya know.
Peanut butter jelly and ramen
F is for friends that do stuff together
Dear solicitor who left a message for WildFLOWER Fitness... epic
You are a beautifully amazing man.
We've just arrived to Forbes.com Welcome home Music lovers, Welcome HOME
yea i have to go with that and you are my winner to me
Going to be a bad mistake to have bbq chicken as a midnight snack.
At lunch, I can't seem to get enough mac n cheese. lol
Let's follow 4 follow. Will help support eachother? Try the site on my profile for mass free promotion.
Happy Birthday Pope Benedict XVI!!!
Thanks for coming by! Hope you liked our event for Students/Entrepreneurs...Appreciate your support! :)
It's almost like "Where in the world is Carmen San Diego" with him lately.
If you guys haven't heard yet, the pre-orders for Guild Wars 2 were announced recently.
The U.S. is already fighting two wars. Letting someone else lead will limit cost,casualties, & not allow Arab countries to blame us.
It's because you didn't follow back.
After high
#songstoplaywhilehavingsex "It's In Our Hands." by Bjork.
lol yes mam :) know about the collage??
thanx for the follow ;)
403 on that image
pre-cali-sunrise writing songs RT On the air early spinning
Fantastic lunch today with The Mantra Dall is legit.
Oh what a beautiful morning, oh what a beautiful day....I have a wonderful feeling, everythings going my way! :) You have a Fantastic Day!
ugh today is not my day
Jazz & poetry this morning......
crashing isn't even the worst thing about new - the worst is how many everyday features from before are missing.
An alcoholic is anyone you don't like who drinks as much as you do. ~ Dylan Thomas
Yes! Nd I'm excited
Have a great Friday and fun-filled Labor Day Weekend!
lol I bet he is
everyone please follow my fabulous buddy > she is very talented, sweet, and cool
Q4 We have an arboretum on our grounds, a lot of our FB pictures are of trees, plants, and flowers, tree peonies are blooming!
what's posted on the walls in the background?
take a sick day Friday and let's have a rage fest, don't dare say no and spread the word
if you're with your girl or wife, lean her way. I don't need to feel your hairy arm against mine on the arm rest
shoot more "moments"
Happy Mothers Day ! Send us pictures of you and your mom today, we want to see :)
“Reality” has nothing to do w/ where you are on the spectrum between a negative or positive attitude. It is a choice!
thats really cute. Love my mom's hope chest where my writings from elementary school are stored.
this week!!
Give her two red roses, each with a note. The first note says "For the woman I love" and the second, "For my best friend."
if I had a dishwasher, it would completely solve my dishes issue.
There's really such thing as National Chocolate Chip Day?
Much fun was had. Too much fun!
its tough to ask Jerry Resse to pick one player over another.He'll have another A+ draft& I'll just have to sit back & trust him
Yogurt pretzels and Dr. Pepper. Good thang my dentist is not on Twitter.
All my niggas that's coming out to support on the 27th needs to get they tickets here -> 702-576-2958 !
yeats? It's been a fort night I thought haha
yes, ma'am! (See you in MIA)
Can't wait to opening for on Friday August 26th at Canal Club. Contact us for details and tickets. You don't want to miss this
Loving Fernet Branca lately. The Toronto has never been better.
for what?
Christianity is based on the teachings of Jesus Christ.
no i was not :/ I miss you boo!!!
Officially made it into the day after the end of the world. Am I going to hell?
yeah i believe so lol thanx for asking
I think so but in a different way. Manicure. 1 hr yoga. 80 min cardio. Groceries. Walked the dog. Emails. Laundry. U know.
Hey YDS Nation, We hope all of you had a FANTASTIC weekend, We're not ready to go back to school and work either!!!! :(
Poor show You ruined Xmas by losing my bag on Xmas Eve. No presents for my friends or family until, uh, you can't tell me.
This is the result of Citizens United, . You are being particularly dense.
Blitz tonight should be awesome, stop on by and spread the word. Lots of great local artists and a killer party
you might be interested in the stuff the Nordic Food lab is doing with seaweed and historical lavar consumption in Europe
Hahahahahhaha shut up....
congrats on the new digit!
OMGOSH, you should camp out :D
I already entered nigguh
I'll bet instead of a wardrobe malfunction, Madonna will just fall and bite it...hard!
Still collecting rec's for best places to shop online for the #curvygirl ...
Do you remember your favorite song as a child?
Hey Big Pharma! How bout inventing a drug for Self Control? Maybe these sick fucks will stop molesting children. #done!
I () bought British people beer last year randomly, was that you? it's kind of a blur. lol
No limits: If you could have any technical support service, in any way, what would it be? What does the ideal future Helpdesk do?
what oh
im so glad i get to see my #TCIE family this weekend. ive waited all week for this. its gonna be awesome
Omg!Thanks for following me!(: <3
good luck fella...and I'm an LBJ fan...still love the pacers tho...going be hard to root against them
make sure you sound good in the video!
hahaha. Whatever. Even when you asked who he loved more he said both of us! lmao
I getting through it. Today was just a bad day. I thank you for listening to my rant. I just needed an outlet to do it.
Well Hello Alex(:
As a rule, men worry more about what they can't see than about what they can. - Julius Caesar
i cant take this! i just cant!
i dont even know what to tweet about anymore xD
but the beginning and the end of Cronon were great, I thought.
hi koala
was in melbourne for a couple of days. caught circle pit fri (pretty cool) and Paul Dempsey Sat (fucking great stuff!)
Yeah I saw it in the theatre a while back. Was just wondering what you thought. I walked away not quite sure lol
Ok just watched this movie Buried.. It's about a guy who gets buried alive with a cellphone and a Zippo. He dies. But you should watch it!
holy shit. Way to ruin my night man!
Oohhh a wizard vampire! Perfect combination!! :)
has an attention span of a goldfish 2 seconds
The thirst
Site looks great. The post was quick and informative--coming from someone who's read tons about writing.
/ Rough cards out there right now. Fresh BUZ cards go live in a few...
Preventive care is great, but we need more dentists doing emergent care, working with hospitals. That'd be a new era.
She doesn't lie! (or use autotune!) I bought almost EVERYTHING she has on iTunes! :) #MaddyROCKS!
lol cuz can sell sand in the desert. Its hard nt to listen to his ass
Artists Against Hunger @ Beaverton Farmer's Mkt July 17 - August 7. A portion of the proceeds supporting the Food Bank.
some do RT “: I wish McDonald's served breakfast after 10AM <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>”
blasting the new killer mike album at work and buying plane tickets to colombia/panama to celebrate the completion of this evil econ final!
I'm finding ways to distract myself. I'm about to start watching basketball. Lol.
Selfish mf I tell ya .
You looked beautiful at prrom myy love! :')
Brian ZImmerman - Why is Changing SOMETHING IN LIFE a Challenge? - www.BrianEZimmerman.com Brian Z.. Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
Being bored as fuck by yourself in mcdonalds = making you look lonely
what value is that, 1/20th of a cent?
It's Wednesday which means it's time for our HOMAGROWN SHOWCASE TONIGHT - Presented by Stinson Entertainment & Spy Radio.
For celebrities, they celebrate when they get 3 mil followers. I will celebrate if i ever make it to 100. Congrats
my uncle told me the same thing lol
Did you watch the GOP debate on MSNBC tonight? Thoughts?
yes i do relly relly bad
dang aight man I'm gonna call u Marvin! Lol
Appears #Blago headed to O'Hare. If you are flying out this morning, keep an eye out. Tweet pictures!
You, my friend, are a nightmare with legs.
Watched the The Rivals last night it was crazy happy Paula finally won one she deserves it
I think I understand your intention, but the last thing I want in my Twitter feed is lots of funding appeals. (tbc...)
Perez Hilton @ the dog joint
Pacers>Heat>Heat Fans>Bandwagon Get Off Lebrons Nuts Fans
trick question
Thanks for the RT friends :)
lol oh gosh , nd why you at a expensive hair salon O_o .. hoodshops is good too lmbo
Luke 24:23 "they came back saying that they had even seen a vision of angels, who said that he was alive."
How is Sportsbook working out for you?
watching the documentary and being like "I've seen that gif!" hahaha even though I've seen the documentary like 92384782934 times
A Call to Business to Respect and Support Children's Rights: Covering a wide range of key issues -- from child labour to marketing an...
And Brideshead Revisted taught me to revel in artistic beauty RT What book has changed your life?
Ah, A week until Vacation :D
Thx so much 4 mentioning my session on #Learning Transfer. All who attend will leave with a Learning Transfer Audit
I fucking love netflix.
aww yeah u will be ok gurl dane he gone make it
man, if this year looks like these first weeks, I’ll be mad by March, I LOVE it!
Ya'll know the drill. Hit the early service, then join us, & at 11a. is the spot. It's go time.
Hi Dell Team. I ordered an incorrect size for my Dell monitor screen. How do I go about returning it and getting the correct size
Bynum can pass really well when he wants to.
I'm sorry minnesota u hadn't introduced me to the loon yet. I apoligize for that last tweet...
Awesome. We're betting there will be a focus group we need you on soon--and now we know what bribe to offer! :)
Wondering if that grocery delivery person could also do laundry?
is online!!:O I wonder if today will be the day all my dreams come true and he tweets me<33 #DreamBig #neversaynever !:D
For an appetizer: or try our MINI LUMP CRAB CAKES, lemon dill aioli
I really think Google+ has the feature set to supplant Twitter as Ed's preferred meeting place. Just needs users.
": Thank you guys for pulling for us 2day!!! Great game ! Ravens Nation !!" No doubt. We riding with ya!
that's what I'm talkin about. Maybe I can borrow a bike from the Meyers next week so we can go out!!
Thank you!
august 20!!! Hence, roxiness820 LOL. I knew u was in my age bracket LOL
YOU WERE AMAZING ON #TheVoice!!! #teamcastro ALL THE WAY!!!!!!!
enjoying a lazy day snuggling with the kids
if you Do follow me I will follow you ...
There are books out there. I was just hoping I wouldn't have to leave the building to complete this project.
New Moon frenzy tonight...dare I go with my own teenager amongst thousands of others? You bet!
It's beautiful here right now. Enjoy the city, and happy early Mother's Day!
sparkles and sprinkles!
April is National Donate Life Month
and ya know it , are you ?
you can do that to me any day!
watching Daredevil :) one of my favorite movies!.
its really frustrating when you want to see what someone looks like but they dont have a facebook!!
Planning a pastry-fueled proposal writing rampage in coffee shops around town today. Local residents, stay inside your homes.
Thanks for following me, let me know how I can help you get your music on Smooth Jazz Beach Radio -
We already owe you for the graphic design with the promotion! consider it our pay back! just promote promote promote!
A lovely night indeed!! Congrats.
": Twitter what's up?" Chillin in Cali eating Tuna on Toast that's what's up.
I was supposed to be there today for a wedding. Thinking of our friends in #VirginiaBeach and sending prayers
Check out "International isn't foreign anymore. Original stories from around the world, connected to the American experience"
Dani has a piercing and gabi dont
that's sexy
All your weight, it falls on me. It brings me down
you don't even know. Bush bails out banks. Obama bails out auto industry. And Uncle Phil bails out our Ducks!
#deuces pick n save
Sometimes you just feel like wearing shiny red tights
one day i want to tweet me hello. i should put that on my bucketlist or something...or wear a bow tie mwahaha
what the heck is #aarp? lolol
I've always wanted to learn OML but have never gotten started. Good for you!
Emailed our Children's and Reference #Librarians a how-to on searching Google by reading level. I love sharing knowledge.
Soups of the day: Escorle & Beans, Chicken Pastina, Ravioli Florentine, tortellini brodo, Cream of Asparagus, Stracciatella!!!
So much to gain, so little time.
RIGHT ... It is all good though ... How r u sweetz
Speak truth to power. has warped with sense of entitlement
"Accidentally" sure. LoL
thanks for the shout out!
Action cannot remove ignorance. Knowledge-of-Self alone can destroy ignorance.
Good morning! Happy Hump Day everyone.
I had a very good birthday today love everyone
Loved it!
Thanks for posting! Im leaving for 2 weeks and im nervous to leave my dog! I need to make sure I find the right place :-(
Katy Perry is on replay she's on replay....
Tacky of 2 berate Tony Luca on #thevoice like that. She's a Grammy winner & he's a former Mouseketeer-let him have his moment!
Lots of helicopters flying over #MIT this morning. Wonder if anything interesting is happening in Boston today...
RIP, Officer Gannon <U+2665>
OMFGJLJILIJDILJD! I love pinball.
Sitting at the Dallas Airport and I don't like it. I don't like anything about Dallas. Don't like their football team or Soccer team
yea he was hanging by himself.. We are still trying to book though! HELP! Lol
#311 & #slightlystoopid on tour this summer ... I must go!!!
I truly appreciate the people who are here for me through it all. You really make a difference in my life... #the best
Love it!
Next person that tells me they wish they had a sister, I'm goin to smack them in the face. You can have my DUMBASS sister!
Gonna get a hair cut and fight time again. Now if I can get my memory back LOL
Same here XD
We are our own creations through the beliefs, or even stronger, convictions, we hold in our minds.
glad to have you aboard!
The 1st place #Tigers have given up 10+ runs 12 times, the most in #MLB. Thank goodness for #JustinVerlander!
happy birthday, Ax :)
"BUCK ISLAND CREEK FARM WILL BE AT THE MARKET WITH HEIRLOOM TOMATOES AND LOTS OF LARGE SLICERS, CUKES, LIMA BEANS, LOTS OF PEACHES"
Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding.- (Proverbs 3:5)
Nice to connect with you ~ best Dawn
Anonymous: Ideas are funny little things. They don't work unless you do.
I know it's getting late for some of you but who thinks they can get me to 5000 followers by Friday? #smallfryarmy Xoxo
Am I in Florida yet?
aww I appreciate it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Happy Easter! Rise from the winter of discontent to a bright spring of new perspectives and visions for the future, a la resurrection!
It is great to be alive happy Thanksgiving world
#aaasmtg Nancy Baron tells scientists: Be fearless.
interesting article. Im optimistic most of the time, which is probably why Im pretty sure I'll start workin out at some point
I want sum McDonald's
“Earnestly ask Jesus that his Spirit may be alive in you.”
DW: "we think of openness as a flatland, open to everyone. but by creating flatlands, you are privileging certain actors."
Why do I always get hopeful?
To the Swing Dancers: What style of dance shoes do you prefer? Vintage? Tennis Shoes/Sneakers? Bowling Shoes?
Judge Kevin Ross tries to much to be like Judge Greg Mathis w/"Acting Black".Just because your color is brown,you can't act what you're not!
First, the old dude from Storage Wars. Now, Dr. Robert Rey. Seminole Casino killing the celebrity appearance game!
Intermission at #themothgrandslam - carlos kotin in the lead, peter story close behind in second
Sometimes.. I have a PT job and I freelance as a Gr. Designer.
Over this hospital chair why don't they put in nice bed/chairs
What was it? ...vodka soda w/Lemon instead of lime
#mommausetosay if you pee in the bed again I'm gone make you lay in it
Watch Dante @ the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!
save the pictures please
Such choices! If RPI will pay - I'd say go to Ghana. Internships will always be around - funding to Africa may not...
pace what is u talkin about ?
Time is flying by!
Wow Bulls Lost....
Bo Ryan do something last week? I fotget.
Happy birthday to us! 25 years ago today, Articles of Incorporation were filed creating the Washington Research Library Consortium.
lets hope the crap frol the seagul helps the #Bruins tonight.
Finishing up my stained glass project for the week!
#Royals are covering this one with gravy and sprinkles! SO FAR...because the Texas offense is not to be triffled with.
ok what the hell happened to saturday morning cartoons?
I used my Amzn accnt, but it doesnt link to Cydia. If you cant help, I understand, you have no control over Cydia.
Ready to hit up the gym.
my day of rest!!!! tomorrow i train hard@ crossfitcle
When you feel like giving up, and those positive talks don't help for shit.. you know your screwed.
In other news, fixed the annoying bug in this week's CSE 321 lab, AND I bought strawberries at the store! Today's finally getting better!
I wasn't planning on it. Where's the apartment? I was maybe gonna ride my bike.
RT : Early odds on NFL lockout after 2021 season? I say highly likely.
-I am n love.....Yes I said it I am very n love with dis person name Harlon-!!
RT : Today feels like it should be Friday.
Happy #FF to you too! Have a great weekend!
Thanks! I like to bring a 60's edge to the proceedings.
2nd sat!! YAY we will be there!!!!
Over here I thought it was World Book 2012!
Sometimes I look back at our conversations and then I regret it cuz I remind myself how much I miss you and how much I wish we still talked
I already have a bf noodle and its
Welcome back, Matt Holliday. Former Rockies slugger a triple shy of the cycle...in the 5th
Oh well I'll at least get to see Bryce Harper for the first time.
“: Lil B calls out hiphop artists who claim not to be role models”
yes I would!! It was kinda awkward when I dated a guy that was 6'0 and I was only 5' :/
1st person to give Seth a Left Handed high 5, down at Chili in the Works (Southside Works) at the LHC booth gets a free shirt! #LHC LeftHand
I think I'm gonna buy me some suspenders.
Tx for the follow and more!
REMINDER - due to our special presentation last week, we will continue Lect 8 in class 03/27
Especially noticeable when interviewing candidates or if you have clients at your desk often.
A bonus of visiting my parents this weekend is going to be to watch every single episode of #gameofthrones on their dvr.
i told llike sophia and that groupp, the ppl that were around her was listeneing so they knew!
dude, aladdin is sexy....
next time over dose on 5 hour energy.. itll make ya crash lol
#LPR2011 - On deck first sat morning - #BrianWesbury on the
I'm loving this McDonald's right now <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
please please please follow me!??(:<3
Thank you!!!! Really kind of you to say.
Checking out our empties trash can in the backyard and just realized we can make a fortune in aluminum recycling!
how are we suppose to enjoy the bruins game tonight with all this insanee!! weather! goin on :(
Josh had this epic dream about an asian guy who knows his parents.
Driving to lambeau. Feels more like I'm headed for the Roman Coliseum.
no what?
Carmen: I knew that Floop guy was a freak.
Don't lie to me, that's the worst thing.you can do
sounds like a plan.
Shouldn't #Romney know how to tie a tie? His Windsor knot is quite lopsided.
“: Boxing last night and this morning then a delicious breakfast, tired but feeling good.< #weloveyoutoo keep it like this!
I don't mind a light rain. Cleans my mood out.
Home from Bar basque.. So tired
I won a free sandwich from today by being a clever twit. Now I just have to drive two hours east to collect.
Got soaked last night at the Sounders game. Loved all 90 minutes. Also loved seeing people enjoying Golazo.
I'd call wolves "pre-dogs," but that doesnt negate fact that dogs were shaped by various technologies.
#supersizeme documentary makes me NEVER wanna eat out ever again.
Y'ALL ? lmao my red ass is not there lol & I thank you -Kat Williams voice-
Go for it bruh!
I need shit to do *ASAP*
Trying to slp while trembling is interesting yet annoying bcuz o can't slp I already have issues breathing
I'm a high stake poker player looking for passes for opening night. Anything you can do to help a future horseshoe regular?
WIMM One – Developer Preview If you haven ’t figured it No related posts.
you create apps correct ?
Absolutely, but nearly as much as the reigning MVP means when it's a 5 on 5 game.
you are so connected. I encourage everyone to try the Seattle Sorbets diet, you can go from a zer0 to a hero in 47 pints :)
Happy Birthday to the finest man in my timeline!! Enjoy :-)
I'm putting the finishing touches on #TheGeniusTheMadness. I'm extremely proud of myself on this one. Some serious musical maturation
It seems like there just aren't enough hours in the day to do what I need to do.. :-/
I'll be there in 15 min... Waiting for the one train at 79
fuck her life !
Help! We need an ecobeautiful spot in DC for engagement photos! Suggestions?
Still looking for storytellers for our Nov. 21st show at Centerstage - We are Family: Stories about the ties that bind. Email us at...
Were having a paper presentation this morning at SOS!
Had way too much fun last night with and .... Paying for it now
Attn: New Buzzies 3 weeks till the big day!!! What are you most excited about learning at this summer? -CS
Hi my lovely!! Now you have to TWEET! xoxox
If your a proud side piece
where ? When ?
we'll see
these nigga's be hater do your thing and say fuck them!
wondering if you are going to send out the gift cards for oysterfest trivia, contacted media's.com several times
shut up fag
I like Rammstein...sounds like Colonel Klink & Sergeant Schultz jamming out.
When does get an award for being the most awesome guy in this world?
Lol 4real??!! RT : for the longest I been tryna figure out who u was!
man i love ur song bass down low
Yes. I think the Knicks should trade him and build around Lin.
Check out the Eddy Faulkner's BandPage!
Lightweight tired…
I wanna go to the gym! Who gon let me in on their membership?
#nowplaying Green Onions by Booker T & The MG's. A Memphis classic!
Defending Eden is a beautiful project. You've got my tweets and shares, if not my dollars. It will happen.
Its funny how real love can make u just speechless...
Bitch be cool!
: Magical Colin impersonation. When will 103.3FM find an alternative to that gab-wagon for the 12-2 slot?
I think that's all that matters ;-)
have you ever played 7 Wonders? Me love.
when I'm with you, nothing else matters. All ny problems melt away and I'm happy
Heading in to the city to check out :)
What a day LA ... can see Catalina Island from Mulholland drive ... Wow! what a big city
What book did the rabbit take on vacation? One with a hoppy ending.
Another beautiful day in the Twin Cities!
they were sweet seats! How are things across the pond? Are you going to the Summer Olympics in London?
Silent gratitude isn't much use to anyone. Express your gratitude to someone today-send them a card. www.budurl.com/QuoteA
It is not necessary to understand, or believe, things in order to argue about them. ~ Pierce Caronde Beaumarchin
My 10 y.o. asked me if I had fixed the library schedule so they could be open Mondays. I wish I had that much power.
i need ur mets to win badly 2nite $$
I think so! Whats your fav song?
Come to see us. Salute is in the heart of Gold Coast. Next door to Holy name. Mention the tweet and get 15%off your check. Today only!
well, now I am wide awake. #earthquake #whyat5am?
uh-oh. we lost some followers.
#69Factsaboutme 50. I babysit a lot.
AP Comp Test Today!
RIP Maurice Sendak
RT : Events are a more natural way to discuss requirements with the business than services
Bob Rae: "The best is yet to come."
helped cut the flem, if you can get by the taste. I don't think that it helped with the hoarseness
#perfection indeed. Thanks for the pic! Enjoy the doughnut and coffee!
how much of The Hunger Games' popularity do you think is related to Survivor?
I'm not proud of the fact that I'm addicted to Hardcore Pawn. But I'll own up to it.
Wait so after I paid for my window seat on you are now asking me to switch for an aisle seat. no thank you.
Finally having a relaxed meal: Singaporean and Puerto Rican leftovers. Fusion at its best! And it ain't bad at all! Ain't bad at all. :)
Thanks to #mketweetup for allowing us to play host tonight. So great to see everyone again. :)
great meeting you as well, lets stay in contact after the expo
. No doubt angelo should have gotten deal done before probowl season. Im sur it was alot cheaper then. Smh
It's Friday the 13th. Here we want to know is anyone getting married today?
check out nayeli if you need a wonderful pet sitter!!
The Owl Bar is closed for Thanksgiving. We wish everyone a wonderful holiday and will reopen on Friday!
hey Lil brother love u Hope u had fun the weekend
is there still bread in the freezer?
even has a way for you to enter items and save to use stats again
Next at Townshend's Tea on Alberta. Meeting w/an insurance broker who some say speaks plain English re: health insurance for self-employeds!
Shuddup ! lol I'm Sick Of You , Lil Girl
Exactly. The easier it is to pay for high tuitions (subsidy, loans, etc), the less pressure there is to lower prices.
Saul Williams tonight?? Yes please!
Same here
Thx! Headsets/mics sound good @ live shows. Then GTW recordings sound degraded unless done w/ external prgrm. Suggestions?
dear fast food restaurants, why the fuck do you use so much mayonnaise?
My neighbor got an iPad! I know this because I always steal his mail. My new iPad is awesome!
Ima start a riot ! Ima start a riot !
This German girl in my pool class is so innocent. It's kind of adorable.
woke up to my parents blasting Brown Eyed Girl and dancing. I hate it here.
Beautiful spring-like day in Arhus, Denmark. Big band rehearsal today. I'm having a blast!
Shop will be open from 4-7pm today. Stop by if you're in the hood. 1726 E. North Ave. Side door.
what's a 27 out of 32?
I live in a town full of senior citizens and college students... needless to say, these people can't drive for shit...
are you bald?
Todays lunch time conversation: what is and what is not an acceptible situation to practice caniblism. M!
yayyy<U+263A> and she does ASAP. Lol
Deadliest Catch without the crabs...
Getting me my Canes snapback friday.
": Too many families for me"U know who my family is so shut the fuck up
Look at LCC's finest
Can't wait! RT : Happy March! Glad to be one month closer to Reunions 2013. We've got something up our sleeves for this...
two diff computers playing diff music, and I sit in the middle... LOL
That DO article was just presupposition after cliche after unexamined, uncritical statement. With quotes from 3 students. Wow.
Sac City Planning Commission approved our Special Use Permit tonight. Now to the next phase . . .
Did you log out of your account and re-login in your account? Sometimes refreshing cache or restartin' will work.
Trying to decide of I should pull an all-nighter tonight style or actually go to bed? :-)
We are now offering even more social media services!
u got this broncos!!!
Were toying with the idea of starting a charity revolving around those uncashed small residual checks. What do you think? Please RT
It only hurts when i say it's just another day
Thank you and for the
Hey thanks! We like you too. RT : Definitely RT : Hey twitter: What are your favorite a capella groups?
Oh my gosh! Its on Monday, and Ive got a f**kin' test!! WHAT THE HELL!!???
Miss my bro
missed you last night on the tiny chat
It my pleasure! You have been nice and +K me on also Which is much appreciated! More is still to come
Hanging with at the luncheon.
Hi im Sherrena : )
There's a cricket in my bed somewhere...guess I'm not sleeping tonight...
Another reason not to work past 10pm in this neighborhood: parking tickets!
Casey is crying b/c his closing is so bad.
Jeremy Cox was in the Others Receiving Votes RT UK Assistant Orlando Antigua named top assistant in College BB under 40
yeah, we didn't do that shit. We just skated, everyday, from dusk 'til dawn.
I try. Plus, the club I really wanted to join--underwater basketweaving--was at full capacity.
Fuck is it humid today. I already feel like I went swimming and I've only been working for 20 minutes
So pumped about using all this knowledge I'm gaining at #C21GC!!!! Thanks for putting together such a great conference.
"Buffalo" refers to the city in New York, which also denotes the nationality (adjective) of the "buffalo", the animals (noun).
what the folks gotta do if they dont have nun ?
2 things you will never hear again: flip the cassette to side b & "please be kind and rewind".
What to change up your same-old lunch routine? Check out the Sam Patch cruise 12:00-1:15 with the available lunch option!
very gd. Not much time on here. How have u been. And..all true! I did 4get Amazingly sexy! ;o)
Wanna help the ReStore turn billboard into bags? This Sat (2/4) from 9:30 - 3:30 at the PDX ReStore > for info
ahahaha i highly doubt that.
I would love to! Been craving for WEEKS now!
Its only tuesday? Fuck.
i swear ! lol !
k DM me it please
hahhahahha bo :( love you too <3
Please Follow Back (: I need to ask you some Questions .
Soref's Carpets is closing, that sucks.
When you get angry and want to retaliate, just think, "Will this even matter a week from now?"
Drove through Winchester, TN and thought of you.
Kicking off a Mem Fox unit with my beloved Kindergarteners. Week 1 is Magic Hat. #memfox ideas, suggestions, links are welcome!
yes, smart and acceptable to end viewers. Apple has recently found a way to pay artists for pirated music too!
"We all have that person we can text for hours and still, we will never get bored with them"
RIP Steve Jobs! We'll stay hungry and foolish. Thank you for making our lives so much better. Your genius transformed our world.
#nwill2011 quote from L. Willey "Space at our campus really is the final frontier". Ha! So true for us too!
10yrs ago heaven received a lot of angels. God Bless. Xo
yes of course! Great blog!
No, I go to the Tuesday night women's Bible study. Still youth leadering at nhbc :-)
w/Get khabaz
Orange Constructors, Inc. soon to become Stratera Florida GC, P.L. - a part of the Stratera Companies! A large multi-state AEC Co!
my slime got his bike permit the other day shit was 23bucks
Good one-but I'm not sure whether the 2cultures book was more influential than the lecture and media coverage was.
Getting ready to leave AZ for home...batteries recharged by lots of great people with great ideas and passion.
I should go egg people's homes since they're either at work or school
yup, room 308
I meant boys! Stupid spell check
Thinking about moving... Crystal City or Great Falls?....
So close to packing shit up and leaving this place
Seeing your ex with someone uglier than you = best feeling."
Don't be. I'm watching him on DVD from 1996. :-)
Reviewing album, tried 2 ignore pianist's irritating vocalizations. Just realized it was cat snoring nearby. cc:
It has been a long day already, and I haven't even been working for that long...just ready to go to the gym! Have a good one :)
boring day
via Deonee Arnze God please bless whoever likes this stat
Today has been so crazy. I just wantt to go home at this point.
good work. #bangin'
so. can i go to hawaii.. like, now.
Beware of pretty girls wanting to befriend you in facebook, That is the trick many repo companies use to lure cars out for repossession.
Sitting here trying to motivate myself for school and I am not winning damn it...
Shows are filling up fast for the spring be sure to come sign up for a spot!
Here's to Jethro! Hope 's car has a similar prognosis.
Everyone that follows will get a follow back! Make sure you follow each other to gain more!
Shout out for a shout out?
Getting a new phone and a new number.should i be pumped?
RT“ Goldie x ASAP”
I like the pacers because of my boy granger from New Mexico
participating U.S. Starbucks stores from opening until 10:30am on July 21st, 2009.
Gave up #facebook for #lent. Guess its time to get back to twitter! Followers what should I tweet about?
Love when people dont text me back!
AHH the link is broken. Stupid wordpress. Hold on a second people.
Last night was great! Good times with better ppl! , , , ,
Bottlers speaking now against bottle tax. This is a classic case of organized money vs. organized ppl. I put my bets on the ppl.
Congrats on defending your dissertation, btw!! How fantastic for you!! Yay! :)
“By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond winning.” Lao Tzu
Just tested some of the #TraditionalCreamAle and wow is that a smooth beer! This would be a perfect drinking beer for the #Superbowl!
wow. Sounds like quite the schedule, man. Enjoy it. Keep up the good work, love reading your stuff. Hope to see you at the SCF
Damn right lol tell em like it is
Be glad I'm not sharing the pictures and videos. Puppy squeaks are the best.
The new diet/workout approach has broken the plateau; I'm losing weight again. :)
Gleaners food bank Super Bowl benefit tix $600/piece. Great way to keep out the riffraff.
“: #tc RT : My last day of school is June 7th!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>” what was ur point of changing my tweet tho? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow we'd turn down the lights and not just sleep<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
yeah I didn't think denver had a shot at first
FREE VIET KHANG! Please sign the petition on the whitehouse.gov website
to "No guy ever says a 1 liner to a girl." Kevin: "I do." Caolan: "Works for you bc you're beautiful."
Today is our inaugural event with CA Insurance Commissioner Dave Jones. www.MiddleClassTaxpayers.org
it was so great!! What a great game to be at
Hey monic, no it's for my grandparents.
Shudder. The things that send chills down your spine in this job! :)
Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as you mind lets you
I want some pizza. Now i kno y joey cried when he cudnt have none.
“: Should be milking some clock here. Mix a run in.” amen
Second star to the right and straight on till morning..where is that life option when you need it?
You're welcome! Iceland is most definitely on my bucket list. :)
Thats cool. We're both team steffy!~ <3 RT : Oh i see...iam TEAM STILL all the way baby!
It was like a fairytale. Such a beautyfull couple. Seeing it makes the world a better place!
im in #orlando with my crew,security buggin,wont let in..talkin bout my dog cant get in,but in there with his dogs
ah. Your tweets say sent via Twitter for iPhone. Hence the confusion.
Home alone while Moms at my aunts. Just waiting for Nick to get home. Odd without someone here all night but theres 1 good thing.
just sitting at home being bored :P
something something hologram something
already got those lol :-) they are Bad ASS indeed! Thanks tho
you rule!
Awww, that sucks. They need to give you guys a break. I mean, it's been too long.
I sound all depressed when I'm actually pretty happy!
Essex day festival. Then route
for That post, I'll follow. Makes me think of Change. Just in time for my Valentine.
thanx! Say hello to the bad guy! God knows I love that man to death!
Walking & Texting is Dangerous
Looking at hard covers for books (@ Unibind)
Off wrk finally time to head.home.n.relax
that feeling u get when some1 follows you but when that some1 Is an NBA forward and is verified on twitter
BBC Website Quote of the day: "The job of dictator is now a very high-risk job" - Alain Juppe, French Foreign Minister. Very...
Next stop Indiana
OMG. LIAM. TORN. REALLY?! ARE YOU TRYING TO KILL ME. FUCKING SOBBING.
Tyler carter has started a new band :o
Hey Twitter. I need you all to do me a Favor can Yall please Follow They Need your Support.. Thank you all. Have a good Night.
Thanks for the #FF! Miss you all!
LEGOO WE NEVER LEFT!!
Right now the toy looks to be the BDSM Pinwheel. And rope, with Lily Cade & Kathryn Dupri.
If nobody told you yet
Look at me. Who am I supposed to be? And what do I believe ? Can you tell me?
Oh apocryphal tweet, my bad. paean not to be confused w/ intent to relocate.
Triple-checked it.
My leg is asleep on the railrunner.
True; they've already got the world's largest Rolodex!
haha have I ever told you that I love & miss you haha, I was thinking about you cuz I saw this <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0086>
When you get treated like shit.. sometimes you feel like shit.
Choppin it up with ma dukes
I always thought NT Wright's book argued pretty convincingly against the view espoused by Tabor
On our way to for a CAPS Hospitality Meeting - unfortunately, not for a #craftbeer though ;)
The vulture capitalist wins again
I have never understood why downloading is a snap, but uploading take forever!
how did I miss this?!?!?!
Some of you are going to say: "You shouldn't let your kids watch TV", to which I would say "It's cool, they don't have gluten allergies."
What type of Salads would people like to see us add to our menu?? Let us know..
When did I fall in love with dance?.. I don't remember falling but I know it was music that swept me off my feet.
Watch your back for real.
truth!!! I ALWAYS SAY THIS IN GENERAL!!
s/o to my new follower -->
Thanks! I'm so looking forward to it! :) Please tweet pics of your trip!
I'm about to workit out with aj!!!!! So excited
Well, FWIW, it's a beautiful day & despite trogs it's still great to live in #Colorado. You could be in Alabama or Arizona
Song of the day: 'Heat of the Moment' by Asia
big bowl. Veg pad thai was so key. I love that you know what keeps me going!
Going to see and Rian (no Twitter? For shame.) May 6th! Paid way too much but worth it.
Lmao with "Were the 3 best friends that anybody could have!"
Hard to be more overconfident than Rashad usually is. I hope you're wrong.
The Town Car received its last major update in 2003; aesthetically, changes were limited to a refreshed exterior and mildly updated interior
uh ill tell you about it tomorrow
#RVA, want to help plan the 5th annual #BlackLove Fest? Email us at blacklovefest[at]gmail.com
why isn't the stream showing these AWESOME DEVELOPMENTS???
Oh, Howard Fuller is calling people out!
The bookstore or the library mostly, also from Amazon, as gifts, or from my dad's work.
i don't get it... is that a real page?
Got cast in Mensa commercial spoof at Collins College.
Same here. Le sigh.
ambushing a mostly sleeping occupylasvegas is'nt the kind of reporting I'm looking for in my news, I'll change channels now
All of those extreme couponers across America need to get together and propose a budget plan to the president.
Press Conference for the next Jackson’s MMA Series VI today in the Showroom at 2pm. Come out and support the local fighters
Who's the hooded person with the zombies on the chains ?
Haha got my nigguhs treating me to some drinks while I'm back, like west hannen
Totally agree. May you have a beautiful flower-filled weekend!
Feelin kinda down fightin to keep my head up
If Flyers PLAYOFFS, Phillies & Sixers games are event half as good as EPL this afternoon, it should be a great night.
yikes, don't even think about losing any! not that I think you could really jinx it... but you never know. lol
i just baked the best sugar cookies ever...thanks to seriously, i am not embarrased to say i ate 5 yep. oink.
M orange juice
I know. In my day we walked home from the airport.
I wanna go to American apparel tomorrow,
Isn't it awesome and sad all at once?
No, I think I was 55. #Eek!
5.2 miles in 8 min and 27 seconds, current 1st place time, USA PRO Cycling race math problem! Answer: 43 mph
Lmfao oh boy I love u to !
ohh no, i live in vegas :)
you have your mind set on something.... what will you do though?
rachael you still trippin
Lemme amend my last tweet a traditional college experience or whatever it is thesekids do other than not fun on the weekend
FOLLOW ME NOW. YOU SAID YOU WERE GOING TO AND YOU LIED. PLEASE. I BEG OF YOU
Matthew 7:1-2 NIV "Do not judge, or you too will be judged. For in the same way you judge others, you will be judged..."
I <U+2665> YMCA Camp Minikani – and your kids will too! Save $200 by mentioning my name when you sign up for the final Camp session, Aug 14-20
Thank you for spreading the word about the Hillsdale class.
Keeping the STREAK alive!!
#whatif every dollar spent on the military had to be matched by education spending?
Were gonna put in money for the lottery, 500 million dollars!
It's the latest observation, which might be updated as often as every 2.5 sec. The obs time is in the API
-- all wonderful things!
oh i can't wait to see!
"Information is the currency of democracy." — Thomas Jefferson
I found you lol
when is the tournament this year
I can hear Annie singing tomorrow tomorrow it will be a brighter day!
Headed down to the Brewers rally! If u r 2 stop by the KISS area to win Pitbull tix & meet n greets!
Will there be a Network online subscription for all live games? plenty of #pac12 fans around the world buy it.
New age bull shit. Mediums, psychics and woo peddlers like Chopra are the new wave of vultures.
Haunted mansion ; eewwwwh . I hate the graveyard part. Sitting by myself cause' my sister rather sit with someone else.
#chsconf11 Schoenthaler: pending litigation: reposting newspaper articles on own website for purpose of gathering commentary may b fair use.
": I hate when people put other people out there... its just so annoying to me to see that shit happen, idk why."
Shoutout to my bestie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> I got a good one
Everybody just gave up on word feud w/ me!
look at u a twitterfied lol. Just a ur ago.... Well u know u and technology lmao
I kinda want to do a Best of Kenny feature; I do think he's had a good number of strong songs and performances.
Congratulations! RT Just got accepted to the University of Saint Francis with a $6,000 academic scholarship
Continue to "Fight the Good Fight" my prayers and condolences to you and your family. Thx 4 all you do.
just ordering 30 dollars worth of food at McDonalds at midnight...no big deal
I miss you girlfriend<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
ramen is awesome! Cut up hot dogs in ramen is good too...lol
Easily! Rt : - Could you sell a house made entirely of Mexi-Fries? ow.ly/6k5hjes
Oh... RT : he has "personals" RT iAmMissKarma What tweet gap? Lol RT : iAmMissKarma sup wit this tweet gap
"The grass is greener where it is watered." ROBERT FULGHUM There's a garden inside you, around you, @ home, @ work... give a lil drizzle. ;)
“: The closest you come to here is 2 hours away >.< you need to look into Providence shows!” this is true!
I'm so happy I don't have acne and I have great skin.
Did homework for a class.
Day 1: my favorite live performance. All of them ;D
Yay my chicken flautas & Spanish rice is finally done! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
guess it's about time to get over last year and start looking for research jobs or grad schools again.. #hardworkpaysoff right?
Refinancing to a 15 year mortgage with rates in the upper 3's will get you debt free faster and save you $100,000 or more in interest.
Sorry, just retweeting all of 's random tweets. I love him.
Exactly. It was excessive. There's a difference between nice and lavish.
Won't be surprised if I drink the whole bottle
Strasburg helps Nats halt skid w/ 13-K performance...
Not suprised Mophie is having a recall on the case I just had them replace again.
i feel like it did. we'll have to wait and see. (he's so awesome.)
#pickmeellen because ill make you clothes
Whose ready for a #RealAle Coffee porter pint night ?? We are! Starts at 6.... Followed by trivia:)
my pleasure! should be done in a month or two. I've fallen in love with the book.
Happy Friday Tweeps! What are you guys cooking up this weekend?
don't lie to yourself... cause I know that you care about me..
and you said that I was weird!? Haha good joke (:
just remember i'm not the only cronic so its ok to share the hate! Lol
Well, sculpt ain't really sculpt when you do it with 50 lb dumbbells. But still, maybe I should switch to black coffee.
did Leelee face plant after the throw? If so, then yeah that would be weird.
The "communion gin" joke made me realize how much RG & BFN remind me of Jacob and Robert Marley. Hahaha.
Or how about "The Rx" with the call letters on prescription bottles. Great items for bar nights.
- enjoy another week of conferencing - can't wait to hear how #cscw2012 goes
okay well thanks.
Putting my phone on vibrate just in case Alex and Rob call me..
PRADA Lovers: The MET is doing a special exhibit starting May 7th - "On Fashion" ft. Elsa Schiaparelli & Miuccia Prada.
it's funny you mention that, I was thinking about our cotillion last week and couldn't remember the song we danced to!
hey Nikki - can you tell your peeps to follow us here in the Bay?
we should totz tinychat sum time theNoster123 is my username
Breaking: Rapper Lil Boosie found not guilty of murder. Even more Breaking: apparently there's a rapper called Lil Boosie
RT : "The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power." - Mary Pickford
We received word some librarians packed condoms, lube and sex toys with them for #ala10. Gives new meaning to "drill team."
My home state just fucked all your home states during the NCAA tourney this weekend.
This is a distinct possibility. Alternatively it could just be the never ending #Windows7 installs driving me slowly mad.
I don't know how to work this contraption..
MSNBC appearance moved to tonight. Still excited.
somebody, text me.
#schoolmemories when me and melissa though we was he shittttttttttttttt.
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves...... talk loud when you're sitting a few inches away from them!!!!
Good luck with your move! Can't wait to all be writing again :)
i heard that you found out that turtles can breathe out of their butts
Incredible power can be released when people work together. Don't underestimate The power of <3 Team Work <3
I wanna live a life like that, I wanna be just like a Queen <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
hi follow me too! :-)
Your welcome! Spread the word Guido is the 1st Racing Sausage on twitter :{
Hahahaha so basically almost the same!
I should have
Submissions for the English Honor Society convention ready to send out.
Envious! What kind of cake, please?
Seriously, Cinco de Mayo is tomorrow folks!
I Wishh You Joy ,and Happiness A
“: just bought one!” thanks boss!
just finished the judging, old books. believe it or not: ANGEL by the REAL elizabeth taylor - the writer!
I certainly get why families buy. More curious about why development that close to a fill would be allowed.
I have my middle finger in the air && don give af
thanks!! Going to look for background music now lol
Eating slowly gives the body that 20 minutes and also allows savoring of the food
too bad not SAN! Just got trip to Kauai for 3/5/12 for Hannukah! Planning starts today! Should we rent from u?
Coale is a great value pick in the 5th.
nothing better to do....real Bored yallllllllll
Do not weep; do not wax indignant. Understand. Spinoza
soo erm i cant believe still that england already happened.
Nice!! Where?
Cool - thanks for sharing! Added to my feedlist.
Fluent wants to wish a very happy birthday to Betty White (90), Jim Carey (50) and Muhammad Ali (70). Have a wonderful day.
Sleep split up doesn't work very well.
aww thank u jess!
Yes (#Loudoun) Virginia, it's April 28th and we just had hail falling from the sky.
just tweeted the new vid! Call me maybe is next on our list!! :)
Apparently "tso" spells "south" and "toast" according to
Apparently, Twitter and finishing a dissertation are incompatible since I've been on radio silence.
iPad or Kindle Fire. This is difficult...
love your Hair:B
I'm on my guard for the rest of the world, but with you I know its no good
Did your iphone auto-correct "black boyfriend" to "twitter icon?" RT Time for a new twitter icon!
what u think about otto's game tonight
Can't wait to hear talk about power of #branding, #marketing tonight
shower then sleeping. f*ck deez flashcards.
in #10days already!!
I hate everyone.
Thanx for the mention.
did you cry to last nights grays??
I'm watching it now...it's iight, ain't great but it's cool for a late night movie and ain't shit else on!
Checking your notes right after a final to see if you got some answers correct..and you did.... #WINNING <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Enjoyed #wibi yesterday & 3rd floor docent (3:30 tour) was superb. (Wish we had her insights on 2nd floor, too!)
So excited for you!! Congratulations my dear friend!!
Would Love to know what people think!
haha he knows how to work it! Pugs 4 life
loved ur "hire me" badge at #140cuse, perhaps try a visual CV on your blog. I can DM mine as an example, LMK
yooooooooo! you are AWESOME!!!!!! :)
That super mega 4 minute preview of THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN had about a minute and change of new footage, which looked good.
« love you miss you» Aww, thanks! Love and miss u 2! Catch up later today?
so true! is such a luxury brand and customization plays right into that IMHO.
To worry before the common people worries; To enjoy only after the people can enjoy
I'm going to start putting random & irrelevant, yet inspirational captions on my pictures too
Let us know if you want us to market your service/product. Contact us at .
I hate the bus.
Put a bunch of thick cut bacon in a pan, smother it with brown sugar, and bake. Foodcrack!
(And the first, quick Security scan I did brought up nothing. Doing a full scan now...)
great breakfast pic! But what is so strange???
Cheers for L Cheney prediction of GOP win in Nov. Bigger cheers for Harman: Israel should not be a political football.
New York, NY- Need females for event. No nudity. Pay is 500 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
I'll never get over how often you put me last when I can't put you anywhere but first.
Oh Hilary, don't let the haters get you down. Stand your ground.
Getting drunk on white zinfandel is a right of passage into the realm of actually knowing how to drink.
if i had a twitter name like that the whole club house would laugh at me.
I think we saw the full moon last night...so weird being ahead...miss you
little things like what?
could have forgiven you but then i wouldn't have as much fun watching you downgrade...blahh
Did you have the same makeup artist as ? I mean, his makeup looks so natural, just like he wears every other day
Using Valentine's Day as an excuse to drink would work except I'd be drinking anyway
Are you moving??? Where to?
dude, you said he's copying Justin therefore he isn't being himself so that'd make him fake. Austin is not copying Justin!
Just to clarify on April 2 at 8:00pm the AvsX event will be happing.Again there will be cake unless cake monster attack on the cake
check out our girl actress on the rise whos worked with hollywoods hottest jen aniston paul rudd ryan reymolds
I haven't checked out the update yet, but that should be pretty cool!
ACL reconstruction surgery today. Quite thankful coffee is considered a clear liquid.
Later in the day Pete had a turkey sandwich that he called the best thing he's ever eaten in his life.
Hey bro.... Wonderful seeing you out down at the red grape. We had fun kicking!
I know :( tragic. ": Horrible for Mickelson"
haha, love it! Well done :)
What about me?
Excited to kick the day off at Roane State CC for Ed Tech Academy 2012
what girl is 6'0 and can dunk?
I'm gonna book live bands for my elavator muzak
Is there a track meet or softball game on Friday? I really want to come watch ya'll!
Hate to see you go, but love to watch you leave.
OMG Can yall turn down the gospel music. This AINT the Celebration of Gospel You Knoww
Now following
Texting a guy I used to flirt with cause I'm bored.
I may need to get in on this
Where are you working at these days?
Children are demo versions of humans.
It seems your network is still down. I have dial tone but can't make any calls.
We will have Android and iPhone apps, expanding to more devices so you can bring together your digital world
Saying lots of prayers for someone special tonight. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Happy birthday Shania I hope you have an amazing, fun, happy birthday. Enjoy your day.
#ignitecincy was great last night - met alot of great people! Thanks!
I mean, *salute* -- We do imaginary spellings too.
#civilwar quote of day to mark #avengers film. Melville on lincoln assassination. 'they killed him the forgiver. The avenger takes his p ...
So sleepy -_-
Holy shit seeing one direction. Like actually!!!!
ha ha!
old man. I am an old man though. Autocorrect fail
Going to on Saturday, SO excited!!! :)
Had a dream that I was the lead in a play that you adapted from The Language of Baklava. :)
school school school and more school then summer XD
Annual review at work today. Even though I have nothing to be afraid of, I'm still nervous.
Finally checking out Pinterest... does my tardiness make me old? (No, it's the old that makes you look old)
RT : Fried Goat Cheese Cakes for lunch! Can we say, a-MAE-zing?! Come on over & get your nosh on at Mae Mae :) - I want some!!
RT Will there be a hologram Dick Clark for New Year's Eve?
is the best coffee in the world, and if you don't agree, I will punch you in the mouth. Do it!
haha yes, but I feel like I have an ugly voice lol.
Meanwhile.. Everything in the world's a big mix-up anyway, so let's all bitch and fight. Why not.
dance? In the corner?
Antonio Pantarelli! Amazing rock violinist--why can't I find him on the internet?
Foundation - first, develop a business plan and put governance in place
Why cant people stop hatimg on othwrs its not that hard to love others like u do ypurself!!!!!!:)be humble this is wut god wants
I'm only up when you're not down, don't wanna fly if you're still on the ground.
#Clemens & Pettitte both wearing gray suits today. The former teammates arrive @ opposite ends of courthouse for day 2 of Pettitte testimony
Fuck I haven't slept in 2 days. Running on pure adrenaline at this point.
I'm not going to force it today...tomorrow's a brand new day.
This is already difficult enough. Don't make it worse!
Last accounting class was only 20 mins? I can dig it.
Revised typo into another typo. Well played, brain. Well played.
Tell me why my husband feels the need to leave a drop of milk or juice and leave it in the fridge for me to find? Ugh!
check out - it has that sort of an approach.
#OnlyFatPeople eat a lot of food and their lives are easy
Come to VAiN on a thursday.. I'll have you lookin like Blake Griffin
you've got a LOT of people on your side.
Thanks for the RT ; )
Might wanna call and explain that later...
I meant APIs to paid services (e.g. S3, EC2). Seems like having paying customers would force more robustness.
OH : "Do you think it looks too much like Bing?" : "No. Also, I never use Bing, so..."
Watching my Fantasy Baseball pitcher pitch tonight and I don't think I even realized he was supposed to pitch lol.
good night!
Hahaha awesome! Good luck you too.
Now Playing: Stereo Hearts - feat Now if would just #Payphone like I requested, I'd be happy!
I wish you could too!!
i love the jerry springer show
lmfao that nigga on here talking like he made the game
I LOVEE HIMM HE INSPIRES ME!
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 35
Love the Pics of Manning throwing, I can't believe he's a Denver Bronco..
It's storming and hailing... Texas weather is even crazier than Cincinnati
I always find a way to fuck it up
great photo. She's beautiful.
LOL.Yes you understand.
welcome to my world everyday! Marketing mattresses is so fun! Lol
I Know What I Mean
Dead Poet Society
Thanks, we can't wait also! “: great sessions for hardware people. Already looking forward to NEXTgen-M.”
My arms are so sore, I don't remember doing push ups in my sleep.
LA heat has me thinking about electrolytes - K, Na, Chloride, Ca, Mg, Hydrogen phosphate and Hydrogen carbonate! Yay science and chemistry!
our newest wholesale customer in canada: "I received the box. The #alpaca accessories are beautiful, I'm very happy. The design is great and
Haha! Yeah it is a good morning! Back atcha!
Today was awesome! I've found the other male dancer for our upcoming tour of china.In fact ;hey guys, I need a female singer/dancer for ax…
sweet. unfortunately it's never got the attention it's deserved - so we're very excited to dig in and improve it!
I'm teasing you, silly. Remember? We make jokes together.
feel too awful to sleep. also have too much on my mind.
Listening to GRAVEMINDER, new adult title by & will be writing review for SFSite.com
I like my prez smarter then I am. RT : #RickSantorum said one true thing: Obama thinks he's smarter than u. He does & he's right.
I don't know how much longer I can deal with this math teacher.....
Our collab with Lil Jon went public today. So apparently my saying "What?" and "Okay!" is amusing to most in my office...
Weather forecast for #GEEBZ looks like spring. Are we done with winter?
#YouShouldn't claim someone that isnt officially yours yet..
it would be so cool to live in someone else's mind for a day.
sometimes we can't see past our own noses and need other people to remind us of what's best for our community
Great week with the contract posiiton in Marietta, Ga. We completed the strategic plan and the operating plans have been distributed to st…
Teenage culture took a giant step to separate from the nuclear family in the 1950s when transistor radios were introduced.~Don
The fact that we have this conversation years ago and STILL won't admit girls poop and fart lmao -__-
#CincoDeBreezy , HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! I love you !
What's the good news?
Hahah sorry that was not me . & will you please follow me ? :)
Help, I've fallen on the couch, watching and I can't get up!
These polar bears and I have a lot in common -- we're both addicted to CocaCola.
Austin might only be selling out the Best By Theater right now, but one day he be selling out MSG.
Lls Oh Shit! You On That Mountain Ain't It Dj?
I have not had a chance to check them out.. I really should go youtube them & have a listen
Don't forget to log into thatcampgames.org and tell us your shirt and food preferences by the end of today!
I am looking at PRs, but project is general purpose and will certainly be used for census data and who knows what else.
Blake we are not worthy #Clippers #throwitdown<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
We will be closed tomorrow for the holiday. Enjoy your time with your family and friends!
Any way you can make the trip up to #Detroit for tomorrow's matinee? You maybe good luck :).
I woke up, I am warm, I have shelter :)
hanging with tonight.
Quote of the day..."your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other" - Lincoln
I don't know how passport stamps work but I think I am about to get one!! :-)
#GoTribe Hannahan, before we came into this series, missed a game because of a groin. GoTribe
"Friends" talking about sushi made me stop (Taro's) tonight.. Train Wreck, Mariiyn Monroll, Unagi.
yes u are always have been
are you talking about your followers?:) lol
Who's going to see Chimaira and tonight at the summit?
Cuz u left me police scene, chalk line, tequila shots in the dark scene of the crime...
Uh oh basketball wives is on let the tweets begin lol
thanks for the follow!!!:D<U+E00E><U+E00E><U+E00E><U+E00E>
Rollin' with good company. Enjoy!
on his twitter he say he just growing it out not bringing em back lol
...will be reviewing, "Belle, the Last Mule at Gee's Bend" for digibooklibrarian this week. The book is by Calvin Alexander.
working at Caffe Sportivo in Redwood City since the power is out in palo alto. Such a beautiful day out, but this coffee shop is great.
that sounds so dope, mo jo!
Pointing Out Someone Else's Imperfections Wont Make Yours Any Better . .
Shane Victorino was just running away from the beard, you cant blame him.
lots of hugs and kisses and lots of treats! BOL
Between the #Enterprise fly-over and Google's Zerg Rush, my productivity at work is taking a major hit today. -Michael
high compliment. I'm a big fan of the show since wbcn days. Thanks again!
Kind of surprised to hear webinar facilitator say he didn't think flipping the classroom would work with English class.
well done apple: way to copy android's great features (pull down notification bar, widgets, lock screen features) and put them into iOS 5.
Hard to convey how amazing seeing the grandeur of AK makes you feel. Most ppl have to frame of reference for it
went to a "club" in the valley for the 1st time in years. ran into a girl who tried to make-out with me a few months ago at a bar in austin.
Nice to meet you!
$70 cab ride from IAD to DCA... Any chance of a refund on that, ?
dang unless you plan on buying more I want some moscato & bud light lime margaritas
Its not "Look at what I can do!" but its "Look at what God has blessed me to do!"
Only one week until
OMG OMG OMG OMG :') Ahh
OMG! My hubby has dimentia...sprinkled w/ Alzheimer's! SMH! I said I will call you in 48 hrs. #URNOTNEGLECTEDSTOOGE :-)
It's tax time - ask your taxman if he knows what a Statute Staple double contract under seal is? If he doesn't know - he doesn't know taxes
addy, it's not nice to pick fights.
when my hands are blue and green...
Watching greys reruns>>> studying for bio
Watchin the '02 NBA All Star Game
Happy mother's day , love you<3
The prez just called for equal pay for equal work for women. In 2012! OMG .
We are going to post the next song from our EP this weekend! Keep checking back for updates!
Will you send me a picture in your #sexyboxers ? (;
Today is #BeyondThunderdomeWednesday!
gave me chills
Watching Golden Girls. Hard to believe that three of the four are gone, but live on in television.
Check out Nancy's Diner and Thurmans (great hamburgers) and tell Lance I said howdy
I agree!
It official FACE T.H.E. TROOF will be hosting a car wash/fish fry at the tullahoma Radio Shack!!!!!
Be my 6th follower of my Austin account! show your support and get everyone to follow it :D Watching your keek videos!
Join us tomorrow for our fundraising event. Paula Deborah, will discuss her role on
Halfway through the week! Who has snow already?
At the Cemetary for a Funeral I wasn't even invited to <3
Bummers. No #Eddie today ^dy
I just have to say--having a Nook Color has made reading articles for school infinitely better.
Add new, useful content to your pages on a regular basis
: "Eminem sucks...like now when I hear him I turn it straight off shit sounds like he is in pain my ears bled because of him"
i am still sick so now i am in pain with my chest
Survey: If you were to describe someone as having a "good paying job", what number ($) in annual salary is considered "good paying" to you?
You can never solve a problem on the level on which it was created. ~Albert Einstein
Working on another literary agent query letter for FIERCE LOVE #BOOK. Will hit send shortly. It's a process!
HE IS FLAWLESS. <U+2665>
my power fail...was not the first :-) should've known better!
Does your water run while you are brushing your teeth..?
Dang nabbit...rams scored...
All the bitches going to need me later on, Ima say bitch i ain't paying you shit!! Fuck you!!
Front row waiting for Molly Shannon to speak! I don't get up this early for just anyone! SO EXCITED!
All right, followers, here's your challenge: spread the word about BFC. Your friends can open our doors!
I hope all those who are freaked by the absence of #wikipedia will find better sources for their research and rejoice.
Tweet and Delete is the new Cathartic Letter.
Faith Integration in calculus... -__-
I really think I missed my calling as a bitchy weatherman who gives unwanted fashion advice.
You're welcome!
We're glad you enjoyed yourself! We have some great comedy acts lined up! Hope you can come back and see us!
i gotcha. it seems whiny but its just unique! lol. youre right about bvb and botdf but at least they have talent! :P
This just in 500lbs of candy! New super sour gummibears, sour patch peaches mention this and get 15% off
Hi Antie! I napped for too long yesterday. But I can nap all day, so what's it matter?
so sad I'm missing #madmen right now... Though the #nats game is still good here at park...
Quit tryna brag about you going to see tyga on facebook! You aint bad cuz you went to a concert -_____-
Thank You!!! And No I do all kinds but fashion is the main one...
Holy mother of jesus! Seein next month<333
Anberlin played every song i didn't want to hear.. wtf.
After school hoops with me or open gym tonight with Coach Wilson. Go to AT LEAST one.
Yesterday is undergoing some changes...
Watching Big Rich Texas with Viggle Sun | 6PM | Style Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Current Columbus OH weather...mid 50's and a severe thunderstorm with hail on December 30th. Guess there's a first for everything.
your art work looks amazing (:
oohh, delicious picture!
SNL a little easy on Santorum. With so many fish to shoot in this barrel, they satirize his... tireless campaigning?
Too bad many people won't take it seriously. Not a problem, but we won't be able to find the bodies later to tell them that.
Agreed. , come on down! RT : 1st up .. get my bro to join dawg nation !!
thanks sounds good
It's not as easy as 123....
Clearly not ready for school, cause i left my binder and calculator at someone who doesnt go to the same school as i house! So not ready!!..
Of course :)
well good for you !!!!
This week we will be presenting information on the advantages of employers using temporary staffing. Let us know if you need help @ your biz
Flirty bartenders get me every time. That's why I married one! (slightly drunk Thursday night sharing)
#TeamSU Make the rite choices and Vote and they have good idea and well qualified for the Positions”
Coming to a radio station near you... soon :)
Only the Right Lane remains blocked on the OUTER LOOP before Georgia Ave - still a slow Go -
continues cleanup - #GOP #Bush after 8 yrs left us w two stupid wars, lost lives, and collapsed economy. No more #gop for me.
There are two mistakes one can make along the road to truth ... not going all the way, and not starting. ~Buddha
Always do what you are afraid to do.
Good Morning Packer Nation!
The sequel to Beethoven has it all: Puppies, Spin Doctors, Charles Grodin stressing out, Animal Abuse, Date Rape, Homicide, EVERYTHING!
hahahaha omg we are nuts!
Q4 Information-sharing tweets = good. Pay-attention-to-me tweets = annoying.
#TwoThingsIWant Happiness & Success
Haha, that it is...I have a red theme for it that I made back in the day too... The blue is better though :)
- Welcome! Have a titillating weekend x ; )
yikes. i have my honors ceremony tomorrow night and nothing to wear. oops.
Love you so much<3
,you there on the right,call me about 10:30,no,make it 10:45PM on Saturday
Ha nice! how's the new school though?
As would I! :D
M83, Passion Pit, The Weeknd, Miike Snow, Calvin Harris, Die Antwoord, Big Pink and Gary Clark are solid though.
shouout to the people that name there kids Seth Lund! who does that? #haha!
its the remix of his song Show Out off his mixtape
followed.again
Show tonight at City Tavern (1402 Main Street) in Dallas! We go on at 9:00! We would love to see you guys out. Spread the word
I gotta see Megamind, I don't even like cartoons but this shit looks funny! RT and Follow me <----------
RT : nice stuff
- - they say "when you know, you know." Well, I know.
hahah it came on the playlist and I was like whoa! Huge throw back. It's been forever since I had heard it too lol.
No shame in not voting along team lines. If you know they are under performing or another player deserves the spot more.
Two wrongs never made anything right
i miss u too :(
that's whats up girl..I'm done with it
Last nights speech made me realize why we voted for #Obama in the first place... Great orator, no substance.
Coyotes are dirty! But still, KOPISTAR reigns!!!
I H8 WATCHING MTV WHEN UR NOT ON...PLEASE COME OUT WITH A NEW ALBUM ALREADY! I LOVE BIONIC...BUT AMERICA DIDNT. LOVE YA BITCH!
any more dead people showing up?
Fuckin miss and :( the council
okay i am #weak your grandma is hilarious!
Right back at ya!
Hey Go! I'm still tryin' too! You've got what it takes, Keep at it!
I'm waiting to see the long haired guys walking around in their old concert t-shirts!
Whitney's Church home going service is so moving, I've been crying since it started.
Glad to hear it! Thanks
the same just chillin and livin
Thank you to Channel 4 and 7 news. The truth was told about the City of Praise. I love my church!!!
Looking thru the eyes of resentment of ur PAST will only give u a pessimistic expectation & belief in ur PRESENT 2 build ur FUTURE on...
Women make me sick...but I still love to fuck tho...
yep sure will. thanks!
Y'all ever been texting someone that's real cool and then they just stop texting in a interesting conversation ..
This might be the first time in baseball history the Astros have 2 more wins than the Yankees and Red Sox combined.
Super Excited about TONITE - - on Deck
right? But Samuel L Jackson looks good
A very unique way of doing things! #impressed :)
Survey from Pew Internet & American Life Project shows that 97% of all kids play video games. Seems a bit high.
Ok. One more time. I miss and Gerald Wallace and
thanks! We just had a few slices. Delicious! : Hope your dad likes the cake!
re your dm. I don't believe it was. Thanks for asking though.
would anybody like a nut? How about a cornetto?
I do too! She might be on later tonight!! It depends on if she feels well enough
yes they are amazing !
Read that as "suicide pants". Saddest pants ever :(
Loving working on the campaign for #SDMayor12 so much fun!
Maybe the real lesson was, "next time, get his number."
thank you! Finally something we agree on. Lol This is ridiculous.
TOY FAIR TODAY! :D
“ I love and trust people more than I should, but in the end I just get walked all over & treated like I'm invisible.”
+1K MT : Really genuinely excited about what we're building over here at , both in terms of product + team. And we're hiring!
We can talk but money talks, so talk mo' bucks!!!!
All I can say is save your money.send blessing to japan.
A season of growth has arrived.....
Students need to struggle to remember. Let them have time. Wait & allow for silence. Don't over prompt. Easy to know. Hard to do.
Hahaha ;D "nudity" best thing ever said ok n
welcome compatriot.
i dont have comedic favorites
But i don't want to live that way, giving in to every word you said.
At work just chillin in the parking lot until 8 so I can go in and get the day started.
RT if anyone knows something that I can help me loose weight that's GOOD. please? I need someones help... Thanks!
Sorry! Praying for you!!!!
If you arent committed..
Returning to MicroManufacturing conf next week. Looking forward to seeing what's new!
Whew, a bit hot for a seven mile walk along the canal, but we did it anyway.
that's right! :)
Our fifth and final IAP Dance application is now being reviewed: application
s/o to my new followers
Its Time for RAJ to rebuild this team. Pull a Paul Holmgren and start dealing now. Trade Hamels,Pence Victorino for REAL POSPECTS
I am 4 episodes behind on Mad Men, 5 on The Office, and I have to finish 50 Shades of Grey. I hear you, sister.
Wow, no followers in 20 hours
It doesn't work in the US, either--hasn't for 30+ years. How much more do "job creators" need of our wealth before we see jobs?
Clutch. Hug. Slap. Repeat 1000x. The NFL draft is on.
justin no aparece :c
Thanks so much, It was such an honor and a great experience!
I really wanna know when is going to announce more tour dates especially the US dates. I am dying to see my mother monster <3
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. Jim Rohn
that would be awesome. Let's play two
lets all smoke an L
oh alright! :)
Pray for Joe Paterno, his friends and family. PSU will remember the good times.
Maybe someone will jailbreak/hack the system to let you increase the speed the car will go.
Were there's a will, there's a way
The practice of medicine is a thinker's art the practice of surgery a plumber's. - Martin H. Fischer
Life is too short to be patient.
The answer is not competition, the solution is collaboration.
Plzz follow me :)
buffalo cant handle me and scomes punk rock life. fuck the police
He totally had that base stolen too.
Never heard so much auto tune in my life :O
I hate the Minneapolis airport.
This weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Agree or Disagree > Therapy works best when you are motivated to change.
idk if u actually lost the game or if a hockey team lost. Regardless I could smack you cus not I lost the game
Wanted: Opiates.
how about a my little pony glue factory?
one of our favorites tonight
The #mullenunbound strategy/analytics department would go hog wild for these
Hi again - I just signed up for it! Didn't know if it is a webinar or not... thanks
I LOVE THE ORB
donated some gift certificates for #bloodybrunch silent auction. Have you ever eaten there? YUM!!!
Who attended an institute at #IRA2012 today? What was it? What did you learn from it?
ah yes...that is always fun. But...Leno?!? Blrgh.
lol. I didn't shoot you down. Chillax
i seriously need new people to text
Pink Lotus Breast Center to Launch IORT Program Featuring iCAD’s Xoft Radiation Therapy System for Breast Cancer ...
Every 10th follower will get a retweet- who wants to be an extra in a movie filmed in New York City?
"A loser goes home and talks about the good old days. A winner goes home and fucks the prom queen!"
wow I really appreciate your confidence in me :-) thank you. There's 2 auditions to pass in order to get onto TV
Thanks for attending the #AMASocialVolt webcast and for tweeting during the event!
Waiting for the anti-shellfish state constitutional amendments.
RIP Billy Mays.
#edchat #engchat #jhusmed check my professional blog detailing my experience Co-Teaching in a middle school English classroom at NAF Prep...
another reason to put Canada on my list! Haha I dig the pic. Surprised u don't do modeling u defn good it~> no joke
when you get here we're going out for this! :)
Well, it's the last day of vacation. It's been great but it sure has flown by!
- Brooklyn Ave before it became Cesar Chavez and mono-cultural.
<U+200E>"A woman should wear perfume wherever she wants to be kissed." Coco Chanel
Strange being in this town again
it's up in a bun right now, I'll wear it down tomorrow. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
I'm not even cooking mine.... :P I just have a PowerPoint.
He was probably talking about people talking about his Direct TV commercial.
If anyone knows me and my 'claw' story.. Holding the arm of the groomsmen I'm paired up with.. Finger sticking straight out.
Its chilly out so come grab a pair of Levis 501 or 569 and still be fresh to death and warm at the same time!!!!!!!!!!!!
you in savannah?
US Airways ... you have thirty more minutes to fix issue or deplane us. If not, I'm reporting live from the torture chamber!
I think I need to move some place warm..Cold weather sucks!!
on what days? I'm in field doing some work. I won't free up until Friday evening perhaps. My schedule crazy right now.
YES Jenn! It is coming your way... Prepare! You'll have to move your Beiber LPs to make room...
Announcer just called louisville syracuse.. Smh
Getting ready for Jim Isom's session on early settlements of FPC
"Game of Thrones" did it tonight..
#ThoughtsWhileRunning r my legs gone fall asleep lol
"Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to him."
#mentalist OMG GREAT SHOW SO HAPPY:-)
if it's an invite ;) plus I need to know the location of the venue lol
We have the urge to move forward in any given circumstance or situation.
You're welcome! As a partner organization, let us know if you ever need volunteers!
#Antioxidants in fruits and vegetables interrupt processes in the brain that lead to
As a novice public scholar, not sure if that is more reassuring or disheartening to hear! Was hoping they'd go away eventually...
come over
Aw, that's sad to hear! I think you mentioned one about sushi that I was looking forward to
If you have a new years resolution to make more money let me know. I have some ideas for you! $$$
I've already alerted my minions.
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself – George Bernard Shaw.
How do zoning practices affect sonic transmissions, and how will the spatialization of sonic cities be affected?
What if I use a mouse?
my spine is non existent. 7 surgeries on my left knee, plus all the shrapnel. And PTSD.
God damn I wreak of dro and purple kush
Another beautiful Monday morning! What exciting thing are you doing this week?
about to check my grades for the semester...lets see if i am about to flip on some professors #straighta's
Ahh Modernists I shall conquer you yet!
Had a fun weekend at Instrumental Encore in Conover, NC. Lots of laughs and music and new friends.
I feel like watching a documentary now
Sure will! RT : Check us out!
Tre Arrow just provided a very coherent and eloquent vision of sustainability, and would work with orgs and coalitions, even if not elected
cant wait too see hangover 2 ! go allen and stew
sweet! Sounds rad. Wonder if i know them.
thinking if I should try to get my followers up...yeah I could do that
Removing a #Grammy category does not make music invisible to the public; not selling the music makes it invisible.
Yeah, we have freshly made pork rinds.
Been a stressful day... I just want a shower and at least a 45 min nap with NO interruptions
but it's cute lol
I would have pulled my hair out...:)
thanks for coming to last night. Hope you enjoyed!
Sorry to join little late! I am here now ready for my Monday #blogtrends knowledge fix!!
good!!!!! Let's do it! Tomorrow tomorrow (or thurs) I love you tomorrow... He's only a day (or 2 away)
Arden Hills was nothing but a pawn to get Minneapolis to come to the table on a stadium deal.
Can I consult with you for a few minutes about recording conf sessions? Please DM me a contact path...
Got One Direction's new album in the mil today. Now i shall blast my music till midnight :D
well, it let up for a little while! just one/day or so. then lots more this afternoon (but not my building during class!)
what up doe
1 month out from FRANKENSTEIN BROS featuring and Buckethead at Got your tix yet?
What makes the engine go Desire, desire, desire.
"Wanna love baby...... Wanna feel you.."---Avant
Marine Discharged For Criticizing Obama on Facebook
“: No, we're not dating. But you're still mine...”
#edchat, It is up to the indiv. We learn together! I learned alot about tech from my own kids or students.
Music may not save someone's life, but music is medicine.
Expect delays right now on I-15 north and US 95 north as First Lady Michelle Obama heads to Springs Preserve
*applauds* RT I'm not saying blondes are dumb, but I just saw one snorting Sweet & Low because she thought it was Diet Coke.
We started working the new songs into our set this past Friday night. It was really cool to start playing the new material live!
come to our CT sanctioned viewing party this Fri @ 6pm. You're the writer: Insert clever joke here.
YES YOU DID!
I'd much rather run a 1.5 mile hike than go to 1st period. >.>
actually, they ended up doing right by the band, so it was bad but not too bad.
I have been waiting for reply, would you like to be on my show? give email will send audio resume, make you laugh and A list.
I have a HUGE desire to take my family to Israel. I wanna add to our faith and heritage by experiencing the presence & atmosphere of Israel
so after all the safety improvements at aintree-two horses shot? sometimes you cannot remove the risk only lessen it...
I never get tired of watching TW get punk'd
860+ people say they are going. I am launching a drawing for an iPod Touch at the event. Tweet me when you get there.
Making mini Lucuma Suspiros for Boston Taste of The Nation this evening
Celebrating Sid, a new exhibit honoring ballooning great and Balloon Fiesta founder Sid Cutter opens today at the Balloon Museum
<U+E50C>Thanks to all the athletes! 37 Medals! Awesome job<U+E50C>
Wild Flag covered Television's "See No Evil" at their 9:30 Club show in DC last week. Audience loudly sang along!
I will admit I am intrigued by the part-time Congress idea.
"Game 4" Lakers going to win!!
When pets have my name <<<<<
McGee and Blatche are 1 member away to become the three stooges of the NBA.
Cracking up watching right now
A lil more appreciation?
just getting started at the new media bootcamp, very exciting!
I know this, Roenicke does the "y" thing with everyone.. Wolfy, Brauny Franky, Narvy, etc..
#FitTip: Rev up your metabolism by increasing your workout intensity and targeting more muscles. No need to spend 2 hours in the gym.
Lovely Mother's Day celebration with the man and mom who made all possible.
thanks Eric! We are definitely considering that! Should be in the next few months...
At City County Council for a proclamation honoring the SoM and it's 100 anniversary. Happy SoM day!
sounds fun.
Working on a new treat flavor! M&R fans prepare your pups for an incredible new treat that will have them drooling!
u never notice me
he didn't stay over but it was a lot of fun!
Joe Biden Like it Hot
RT Don’t watch the movie “Fame”. Only Jesus is going to live forever, not a bunch of hippies in leg warmers
my pleasure. I hope that truly is all it is. If u can help again let me know.
Power was out for an unknown length of time while I was on vacay. The half and half in my coffee could kill me.
I am disappointed. I was hoping for your considered critique, not abuse. Agreement not necessary, civility appreciated.
I love Brock!
I couldn't agree more. Now which social media sites have you found to be the most effective?
spending balentines in santa fe
I love you too, Harm!
I am beyond confused !!
haha that's mean.
" My well hung ham... " Will we see some culinary delights from said well hung ham? I hope so!
Gathering flight information to see my parents on their 50th Anniversary.
Well if you had a mac you wouldn't have that problem!!lol
oh man.. don't let Rockit break it!
that would be awesome! We hope it works out! = )
yeah they go to school together
Come see the great film written by a 19-year-old Fassbinder... 'Water Drops on Burning Rocks' starts tomorrow, 7 & 9:30pm. 1st show of Fall!
Gym ppl are such hassle
Inspired by Ignite Baltimore.
Is that rather snotty to say? Sure, but I'm being honest. I've learned to discern when I'm a welcomed attendee vs. free entertainment.
Follow SAXAppeal on Twitter:
Defensive Eating- Strategically consuming food for the sole purpose of preventing others from getting it.
challah french toast?
FRIDAY 11/26: Conditions w/ Life on Repeat, Safety Word Orange, Mayfair, The Greater The Risk, While They Sleep | Doors @ 6pm (Upstairs)
Thank you Jones who gave me a 1K at Klout for journalism. I'm honored!
We've been working on a new and improved material for our product for our full launch. Looking forward to sharing them with you!
I needed to know about that crotch distance?!
Do it! I went over this last Christmas and New Year's Eve... crazy awesome time.
I voted and so did my friends....
do we get a twitter discount for talking about you so much? ;)
Just booked a lead role in the film "Serial"!
Oh God, ;p RT : that was just my warm-up lol!
Use social media as part of your business' sales process, find your market through the social networking sites.
nailed TV Teddy too! RT “: Got lots of "you hate Mich ST" "why you hate OSU" about 50/50 splitand I must have nailed it yesterday”
Friends, help us welcome the new Behavioral Optometry Academy Foundation (BOAF) to Twitter!
hi bryan :)
Happy Birthday Steve Jobs
do you know what you going to get??
And all these parents who think they coaches... U wana coach join a team otherwise shut up! Damn
I'll be on the lookout!;)
Stay tuned to today from 12-1pm. Our president will discussing the May 20 festival!
Happy to follow! Thanks for the connection.
hey can you please follow me ? i love you
things are okay. Just keeping busy the best I can. I've been investing all of my freetime visiting downtown :) you?
No problem; your writing style is open and real and I like it. - Craig.
Just how "friendly" did they get? I had tell 'em "I don't DO that on a first date" while they were rooting around in my shorts
hello I hope your having a great weekend, I'm puppy potty training, take care, Sherry
So a series starring the great Andre Braugher can't get a full season pickup. We should find something wrong with that.
might catch da 1 o clock flow. Cause I'm just gne grill out at one of my spots by the school have some close friends come by
cartoon that was very popular in Germany during my childhood - go to YouTube. It's a whole cool family
"It's pretty amazing because it's the world." thanks for that key observation
hey there! Looking forward to your live chat with
I had a busy day!! Photoshoot, dance, then workout. Geez I'm tired. Now I'm gonna go spend some time with that thing I call my boyfriend! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
going on sparknotes nd getting everything from there(:
If anyone wanted to know what happens when you mix nail polish and acrylic paint, think cheese pizza that molecularly bonds to everything
I got 60 Rackz in my POCKET!
Happy fantastic birthday to ! Remember, you are not getting older you are getting better.
just a dream <3
awesome, been waiting for this one! Get 'em!
heard it on the radio in Dover Foxcroft Maine Saturday night while eating an ice cream cone @ Butterfields!
lol just a snake but I love how I came out there.
Ah cookie dough or chocolate mint seems good right now!
New York is all out of blueberries.
In my experience, most arguments are caused by a misunderstanding of the fact that I am right..Because I am always right...JK
I LOVE YOU GIRLY
Cool story bro! “: I think I might even paint my nails while listening to my Maxwell!”
When can I see your tits?
You Happy? Im On!
how about former apple peeps?
In #Milwaukee, drink time with Is going to be out tonight?
Props to hotel restaurants!
Never liked that Wittgenstein quote. We can all think of things we don't have words for. Sure he was no exception.
Vote November 8! See rossforsheriff.org; he is the smartest choice for public safety, saving money and criminal reform.
Really? Says the girl who dates people to break up with them. Maneater.
Kentucky basketball coach. We're right there with those other jobs.
have a question for you
Will pass that on to Marquis! Thanks.
Sounds fun, but I'll be reference desking.
Being raised by a Single Mother, Mother's Day became a very special day for us..Conversely, Father's Day became Fuck you MotherFucker's Day!
Finished. Doing the final things such as book cover. It should be published in the next few months. Had some setbacks...
NOT MUCH FOR HARRISON I BET RT Time for Billboard Bits! Check out what , George Harrison + have been up to!
if you sent that as an email odds are 50/50 I'd get it by Cinco de Mayo
take a nap! You earned it!
I have a love/hate relaitonship, I love it, but it seems to hate me.
it is more that He works two jobs BESIDES the farm work and he is the one who always is helping all of us when we need it.
And now, cocktail hour! Oh wait, it's only 2:45 here.
I think we already have one on the calendars - 5/22 @ 2:30 PM at our booth. RT : - would love to talk w u
thanks for visiting. Glad the kids enjoyed our exhibits.
And that note, off I go to pant at the gym.
The war on weeds seems to be lost before it should have begun.
We've already recycled a load of cardboard and completed a trash haul! On our way to FM 1960 and I-45 for another load of trash!
#copycat fosho. i like her hood, tho.
That #prince deal is going to be interesting for the #tigers when he weighs 400 pounds in 3 years.
Wishing our great state of #NM a happy 100th birthday!
He makes me want to sock him in his face. Maybe then he will realize how bad he's fuckin this up.
I think we could significantly cut down the number of different pasta shapes and still be okay.
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
ahah Thank You :D
Omg I can't wait for the next episode of punk'd! Scott Disick & the wanted get punk'd haha
it's gonna be grilled, marinated chicken on french bread (w/ peppers and onions) for din-din tonight.
square root of 69 is 8 summ , cause I been trying work it out .
I'm missing a cultural reference here.
You beat me by a half hour in the Rip van Winkle contest.
Great Morning for work huh!? A lot of work to be done here!
Np hope you're doing good yourself
Awesome gigs w the Winardharper Harper group. Sat in Bmore, Nj sunday NJ. ALL th cats were Great!!
and now Don Young is playing with a bowie knife while listening to debate
The closest people to me still dont know much.
thanks for the #FF! Also, when did get on twitter!?
Hey I want to come visit the 'ol mutv station. Are you around there today??
Cocoa butter lotion -- you make me smell like a candy bar <3
Today calls for a nap
Hope you and yours got to see the Super Moon over the weekend - super nice weather for Mooning - Full S-M won't be back till 2029.
they openned a few sections for the home opener but i don't think the upper deck going to be open all year
When you're drunk and trying to hook up tonight, remember that condoms are cheaper than kids.
follow me and ill follow back(:
Are you a #book #reader? Have you read a #ColeHart #novel? Trust me, it's not too late. A-Town Veteran is available on Amazon now for 2.99
I got more at steak than philly...-Jay Z. Successful people take risks
$30 will get you $60 worth of customizable canvas printing from CanvasPop on www.crowdclick.com!
damn my dawg we headin that way on saturday would you show my squad and i around?
Extremely jinormous lady behind me.
he's gonna wake up to it next morning. Ohnoooo. But who cares? ;)
Happy b~day justin hope u enjoy it :)
Hilarious tweets this morning for those of us who aren't there! Keep em coming!
I'd rather watch an encore performance from #nickelback than see those greedy #nba thugs go back to work.
RT I'm super shy ... but I find myself always flirting .... hum why is that lol __you? Shy?
ya ya, that too
Well there goes the "going to bed early" thing. Singing Hosanna and simply too excited. Big day of work, need to sleep!! Smiley & Undis!!
heard on the show today "they'll be able to get out of that house in 2 years," what makes u so certain?
I must have been a bastard in my last life
Ried Hoffman, founder of LinkedIn, talking about LinkedIn skills feature at
no to bed with niall tonihgt yes school obvi
"religious bigot" dismisses the problem at an individual level. The intolerance stems from a certain brand of Christianity.
Morning sunshine! M.D.N.A. will be available for preorder via iTunes tomorrow! I'm tempted to stay up until midnight tonight!
House of AnubisLife after the mystery 108 - blankets and throws
im over a friends house lol
Can't wait for summer. Maybe the temperature will break 50 in July.
well thanks stacey lol and kes we need to pick one and start training :)
I appreciate you!
btw, #ps3 anytime you wnat to fix your servers i am ready
Hoping she'll be back in the Fall.
Fur, snow, marykate and Ashley Olson
sick movie !
big problem..lost your number and never got to text you back today!
obsessed with the fact that Rachel is on #wwhl right now with
Did some bold ass shit yesterday, ngl I'm glad!
"Promise me you won't dress up like a dinosaur and start punching trees." Sorry, but I just can't make that promise.
ha, from now on thats my excuse to :3
Ok FB- You know all those friends you keep suggesting, there is a reason they are not already on my list of friends.
I'm sorry library patron but we do not own a DVD of a 1976 made for TV movie.
it's #Friday & Gay Pride weekend in the #ATL! Should we go buy wigs, ? I'm not above being a tranny for the weekend.
AK46 and A-Rad scratched, lesson to be learned for all professional athletes? Bold statement by Trotz.
You're welcome Susan!
really need pics of your hair, dude. Like now would be good.
I'm afraid I might be given burnt offerings. I'm accidentally turning into a goddess of the lab, now video-editing for someone.
Terry got a tattoo of a broom on his arm before the season started.
- hi Ronald, thanks for the follow. A question: Can you suggest an Atty in nashville to take a slip/fall against Walmart?
New topic - Oops - wrong forum.
If Alabama wins, it will completely throw a wrench in the transitive property.
Rubber ducky you're the one....
I haven't yet finished yesterday, so you are well ahead of me!
Girls find out everything
The elevator to success is out of order. You'll have to use the stairs... one step at a time. ~ Joe Girard ~
#Top100Lies "I'll never hurt you"
Workouts are like brushing my teeth; I don't think about them, I just do them. The decision has already been made.
That's what's up!!!
Answer: Jet Li and the rest of the Chinese National Wushu Team performed for Richard Nixon. Nixon jokingly asked Li to be his bodyguard!
We like where your head's at :) RT : Methinks it's time to sell some Bradford-branded sand socks. eh? eh?
I think the academic librarian is valuable, but Harvard situation illustrates the need to demonstrate & promote that value.
How many a man has dated a new era in his life from the reading of a book. Henry David Thoreau, Walden
Hi! Happy Holidays . . . looking forward to talking with you in the new year
I'm chilllin "switchin speeds like Bruce Lee,ridin a Fuji,in a movie" Ya shit is
When someones breath stinks but you don't wanna hurt their feelings , so you just hold your breath while they talk..
Awh, thanks Ethan. :)
Are you related to the Hales in Springfield?
is dd drunk or high
Can wait till schools over though
awesome commercial...too bad they were to scared to run it... Would have amazing.
how accelerate pace of innovation? “: Smart grid discussion themes: focus on consumer, focus on adoption, focus on collaboration.”
This is the new Twitter account for Temple Baptist Church in Lacey, WA! Feel free to follow it for new or upcoming events.!
I don't see why it is really necessary. Other games don't seem to need a special sign up process to be successful.
8 more to go. Digital or physical copy, your choice. 2 free posters as well with physical.
Normal Girls: "I can't decide which party to go to!" Me: "I can't decide which Austin Mahone cover is my favorite.."
mines muttastoo much can u see if u can draw my profile pic and ima add u k
Join us for today's Money Week Workshop from noon-1:00pm in Meeting Room 5: "Credit Report Day".
no quakes at 5:30am please. Felt it here in SF too.
RT : "Oh, I hear you went to Mexico to tell jokes. You should tell us in a status update." - Willy Wonka
It makes me happy to see that some of the comics from DD are still alive since a lot of users left after the big server upgrade.
Ok. I'm sorry. I don't get it. Why do people hate seeing ultrasound pics on FB so much?? It's an honest question...
of all the reasons to hate LA, I think that's the worst lmao
Last one.... I am boarding this plane to Detroit. Yessssir. I have not seen my fam in a year
Will do! God bless!
Blue Nike shirt.. Yup...
i feel like its forced chivalry. make a nigga pursue them via text.. "hey boo, where'd ya go?? really wanna speak with you" FOH
and are my role models
Cerus (NASDAQ:CERS) Awarded $2.1 Million to Advance Development of Pathogen Inactivation for Red Blood Cells
I miss you to!
Dear I know I haven't talked to you in a while..but i'll be back sis ;*
May the fourth be with you! :)
Just had an allergic reactionn...<<<<
Merry XMas everyone!!
I liked bathing, but hated brushing my teeth. Now I just wash my mouth out with soda.
Thanks for the RTs today!
Love you Kyle:-)
Thanks for loving #sjvwp!
But britt you just posted a picture of u in at tank top at 2:51pm !!!!! Busted !!!! That's all the confirmation I needed...kmsl
I'm not good at hiding my emotions :'(
u know theres alot of creeps oh here right. Lol
Quite welcome :)
I'm just a little, never mind, I'm really hungry.
Can't decide what to wear to work today! I see sun and heat!
Awesome, have fun!
"If you get bored, you're boring."
It's Michael Jackson dancing day at the office, cause this is thriller!
And Happy Birthday to my friends and
beyond depressing ... The #Pens just don't look line they want to be anywhere near CEC or any other arena for that matter .. rip
HAHAHAHA....YOU KNOW WANNA BE SITTING NEXT TO ME
thanks bro.
- classic. So simple, so effective. I have always wanted to paint an 'I' in the middle of a "to let" sign. Childish I know.
Thanks for coming out last night everyone! Such a fun night
Thank you to Dr. John S. Peery, Optometrist, for sponsoring the 2012 CASA Superhero Run! We hope to see you all there!
no im not a dirty old man.
"I'm representing Queens", "She was raised out in Brooklyn"!!!
is everything ok? I've just been here at home with Jr and Bella
Dear Magic Castle, I want to move in. Love, Minks (my magic name)
Wednesday Wolfe and Monument 11-2. Stop by for the last day of the Reuben Grill. Also try our amazing Crab and Lobster Mac.
Went out to get ice cream got beer instead. Not sure which would be considered worse.
You sometimes think you want to disappear, but all you really want is to be found.
Next session, Brad Anderson "Driving datacenter innovation in the Virtual Era" in Exhibit Hall 5 at 1:30pmCT #DellWorld www.dellworld.com
Kid's laptop in class yells "You've got mail!" AOL still does that? Who uses AOL mail anyways? Haha.
#Running tip: Cotton socks will only lead to blisters; invest in socks designed for running.
feeling some type off way "/
Thanks for the shoutout! Happy Friday to everyone!
#ThisSummerImTryna Do it right.. Party with my friends and live it up to the fullest.
hm, maybe the vulture knows something u don't?
what's earthquake sluts anyway?
Yes it did! Great job everyone :) RT - just pitched my ad campaign ideas for Jake's Big Dog... went very well!! :)
I've been a fan since you were in diapers fool
Wow! The Artist-in-Residence just surprised the Future Music Moguls class with an impromptu visit and talk!
Thank you! other insights to encourage more supes to embrace sm
My dog woke me up....ugh
yeah..i thought u would say that lol
jamming today with Sophie Moon and Xela Zaid for a new project
Me:OMG!Look Austin has a new single ~le listening~ Friend:It's a good one! Me:It's freaking perfect *-*
don't apologize for fashion.
I just remembered something. That something could change my life in a bad way. Holy fuck.
If I were to write a song, it'd be called "Benadryl"
time enough to get back on the ice. look out.
My favorite players are Crosby and Neal, Leino is just one from another team
Morning! Work in a little bit!
Mine too . lol
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE EVERYONE !! :D <3 <3 <3
like i love you..
I ain't talked to u in awhile
You pay for what you get in that maket. Cheap, in my experience, means a horse with a horn spliced on. So not sparkly.
Tell us about your experience with Helmet City. We'd love to. Hear your thoughts. Good or bad we want to hear it all!
The benevolent Beastie: Adam Yauch remembered for rhymes and more
Good question. I think his connections were critical to his funding but he said that Graham was interested in funding so maybe.
Music is the truth
Thunder still have some Sonics on the roster.
Today was the first day of my grad assistantship in Hill Memorial Library at LSU! Got to play in the archives.
I need $50,000 to get the 2 cars I want the most. Ah!!!
did you have breakfast today?(; hahaha
So this is it? You dont need me anymore? Okay, bye?
o okay
have a great weekend, Rhonda
I'm going w/ a coffee spill that's already happened. Eh? P.S. I can't do white either for this reason. Looks nice tho!
he really is. Lol
oh okay
Niggas say I'm dirty so they gon fix me I got my vest off so cum get me I got my tech on so I'm takin someone with me
i must be in the "snow shadow" b/c there are no flakes in Northgate at the moment
that makes me sad. I've always really liked both of them
should happen
Hey guys, when one door clothes another one opens ;)
Poll: what is your favorite show on TV right now?
No problem, man. If you can at some point add me to that list, that would be great! Thanks!
What Do You Think Of "Take Me Away"?
Hmm, first there was , and now there is , so must be flattery, right, WETA?
: "Where was & when we were marching for #TrayvonMartin in Florida?"
you rock! Thanks for the shout out!
ubersocial had an update this morning, cute...very functional...no public timeline -_-
A real woman can baby sit, work full-time, sell dope, drink liquor, & do hair all @ da same time while goin 2 school online
YOU SIT BY PEW? WHAAATTTT!!?!?!?! HOW HAVE YOU NOT TOLD ME YET
you look so cute! :] love you :*
best buy...
“: How some ppl have over 7K followers and I never see their tweets still puzzles me....” ~ oh it's simple they pay...
My grandma has to be pissed. I said I was on my way over an hour ago.. Maybe two
Do you schedule social media content, or let it happen naturally? Most agree that somewhere in between is best.
Lone wolf.
Who has seen the adult onesy called The Forever Lazy? #RIP any sense of style! The guys wearing it to tailgate.
Alpharetta boutique warehouse sale at Rainwater Restaurant. Stores incl. Lavender, Brina Beads, Small Concept and more.
lets fight!
Just wanted to let you know that you are truly awesome. When God thinks about you, He smiles.
#10WaysToDie jumping in the detroit riverr
.: Positivist rhetoric about data visualization
#NdamukongSuh will change. HE'S GONNA GET WORSE! I PITY THE FOOL ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE D LINE!
a Kleenex used by dr dre!
People who don't know who they are always need validation. Stop waiting for people to define you, "define yourself". TDJ
Picked up a Majesty Palm today. Can't wait to see what it will look like in about 10 years or so.
Opps my Bad if I cross your Mind
Oh wait I almost forgot, he coached Krzyzewski in college. My bad.
as an #acadv I can say that it's at least a quarter of the students I see. Parents also select major for them.
Time for sleep. Tomorrow starts another crazy busy 60 hour work week so I better rest up! Sweet dreams all!
I am checking out twitter for the 1st time.
“: chocolate dipped chips?!?!?!” I haven't had those in a min. We should invent nutella ones!
all EPL results going Aresenal's way at the moment
missed the stickam chat with but to those who left cause john wasn't there and made comments about it FUCK YOU ..
...but also the longest.
Haribo for breakfast.
Oh. My. God. Craig. Bardem. Fiennes. ::swoon::
What's good with ya sis and can I party yet or are we still waiting...lol Luv ya :-)
Hi Kate!!! Big fan of yours. Any thoughts on singing, "Boyfriend"? I think he stole your trademark in my opinion.
A+ shopping. Love Pilgrim and it's beautiful on blu. So many great extras on that baby.
K I will get it out in the mail next week :)
Hope everyone has a great time at the #GPPCMA meeting tonight with Izzy on Improv!
You're welcome!
You are over the top! RT Working on Dunbar Report...Producer says I can't describe J. Sferrazza as a $%^& with nice highlights.
Min Hyoung Song: What made Asian American literary success possible? Simply, the 1965 Immigration Act, & the children of 65.
Trying to decide if Larry has convinced me that lack of multi-tenancy in the Fusion apps is a feature...
Prof. Bill Kuhn was injured yesterday in a traffic accident and is being evaluated at hospital . Please keep Bill & family in your prayers.
I'm loving me some #Phoenix (the band, not the state) this morning on the tunes mix!
you too, Cecilia!
freshman suck
at the instyle lounge at the four seasons. Gotta love awards season!
I'm tired
Question: Are they really acting in porno films?
You guys need to come out to Wi! #Organicfarmsgalore!
Yeah, I've been doing that too, but to day i just filled up and cost me $54! AHH
"Let's take it slow, I don't wanna move too fast. I don't wanna just make love, I wanna make love last." <3 :*
Dear Dessert Wine: I love you. R.
Be respectful with that boombox! Sound during #lastthursday should not carry more than half a block.
Every Kiss begins with #Kay, but every one night stand begins with heavy drinking
#askaustin alexx! Can you say I love you?(:
Why doesn't want photo ID debate to take place when vast majority of Minnesotans are awake?
yes are you
We have Spicy BBQ Pulled Pork & Avocado empanadas!!! Come on in for 1st Friday
Hey, help me out here. Is Katy Perry saying that she straps babies to fireworks?
left my phone in the room -__- not missing any calls anyway :)
All my working out lately has only caused my weight to shift.While my dresses fit beautifully, I can't say the same for my pants.
Welcome to Titletown!!!
close isn't there
Now is as a good time as any to point out that Jessica Simpson is STILL pregnant.
Freedom Writers does seem good. Even if I don't use it I may still rent it anyway.
I'm starving. Bring me a dorito taco plzzzz
u gotta check my fb page for the info. Too much to retype
Happy Holidays! Best wishes to all of you! :)
You got it. Shoot us a few ideas for the next one whenever you can
Haha she's a singer on a tv show.
vinegar and water get the smell out. Seriously. Good luck!!
Secret Roast-Pork Recipe Tests Value of Real Estate - BusinessWeek
ppl be sending me tweets trying to get inside of my head... subliminal messages ;)
*Irksome task* looks just wrong
We didn't know what we were doing, but we didn't care.
love those- have been on a hunt for some good lace shorts!
Traffic is monstrous. Runners are jogging from the exit ramp to get to the start on time.
is it hot in here or is it just you?
So nice on the deck tonight! Enjoying a Big Woods Busted Knuckle ale and a Kobe Burger.
The #fullmoon looks absolutely stunning tonight.
Sound wave from shuttle launch arrived after shuttle was out of site. Kind of neat to here rumble for 20 seconds after no visual.
gay and lesbian coalition of kenya
say Alex, how can I find out about next year's BOL Party?
whaaatt? I just found out today. So out of the loop
should've been your TD but celebrating with immediately shows character & class.
"Actress to live on $1.50 a day" #cnn Funny, during the Recession, I got to do this for real!!
pets place in wm on Broadway!!
RT And share the savings! Qponomics EXCLUSIVE: Save 40% at The Limited this weekend only! Search "brands" for The Limited.
Morning all..
Looking forward to church tonight :)
yes, I'm here. Grabbing a quick lunch and I'll look to find you soon
Fuck yeah got an A in speech class <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Allegiant to launch new flights from US mainland to Honolulu and Maui: The new service will provide new economic development by allow...
you mean degenerate weirdo? lol
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
Try HubSpot’s 30-Day Free Trial to find out for yourself why they are excited about HubSpot’s inbound marketing software and advice
Anthony Johnny Di Mascio had EPENDYNOMA OF THE BRAIN. BRAIN CANCER UPDATES TO FOLLOW. TY
I've never had a burning desire to get a tattoo. Right now I want one. Of what, you may ask. I have no idea. would be proud.
Fowler Athletics Center. Suite 1010
Improvements in media measurement Time Inc. Pinpoint, says Caryn Klein. Reaches 136 mil. Comfort for advertisers.
Ricky...? That was confusing, I am now much "dumbmer" listening to him then I was this morning when I woke up.
haha I hope Jonathan said that?
Yea, I couldn't get into it.
Kids Punk Zombie Costume
i miss you toos!! I'm just a text or skype call away. And really? Cottage cheese?
Dammit Jim, I'm an actor, not a chiropracter!
Home is where the computer is.
NYC on Friday
I wish I could walk when I was 1 day old.
When you're having fun in the recording studio, it's never long enough; that's why it takes me 4 years to finish an album!
We are so happy you can join us!!
Making friends in LA frequently leads to making contacts in the most pleasing and wonderful ways.
Good Morning and Happy Monday to all from Lonestar Delivery & Process here in Houston, TX!! We're ready to serve YOU!! 877-527-5737
Im just so fucking tired.
#RaidersOfTheLostArk on almost every tv at the gym. Soundtrack on at store. Now blasting through neighbors' walls. What up universe?
The Christ in you: Prophet, Priest, and King. He is there to produce the Kingdom of God:righteousness, peace, and joy in th Holy Ghost.
Have just followed Yoxi promotes Social Innovation Rockstars; original thinkers, creative problem-solvers ...
Thanks for the heads up :(
Thanks! Enjoyed this. Never thought of it that way. Great reader comments so far, too
Whitby: Professional development has to be part of a teacher's day every day
Jesse said for ratchet he imagines tyga and i said i imagine me
As an Orioles fan I don't understand a lot of things...like celebratory gunfire, celebratory rioting and just plain celebrating anything :(
Thank You for the mention! :)
I hate this series... Had a 6 team parlay worth 2400 in game 1... Just needed Memphis to win.. Had the under on Monday. Overtime
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite people in the entire world: :) Miss you, Nate. x
“: Who wanna help me with Econ?” so many people in Madison are asking this question right now
I get back late afternoon this Sunday. I am WAY too anxious to get back and see everyone!
SAME HERE I MEAN LIKE AJKFLJALFJLDJFL;ADFJ AND BUTTERCUP LOOKED LIKE MY CAT
or he will punch yourface
Im speechless when it comes to how bad today was. I don't understand some people.
Good morning!
followed<U+2665> :D
One of the reasons Kim is with Kanye cause his name starts with "K". -_____- See this dumb bitch?
updates to the email campaign builder, qr code mobile landing page, and added the thank you conversion.
Could someone please fire the so-called #raw and #smackdown gm please? He's no vince mcmanhon.
MOM -"Do you want me to buy you condoms?" ME -"No, I wanna have sex til I'm married" MOM- "Pshhh, that's not gonna happen." -_______- wow.
let's just travel to all the skate and surf comps and record them. And sell DVDs
so so hot, your gorgeous!
ayee but rose got that nice and1 on the 3 point
really Tiffany...
If I win the lottery Im taking my newscar to Trigg and Lauderdale and leave it running and then call my boss and say you better come quick.
thank you!
10 Daou Vineyards Grenache Blanc. Faint nose. Nice sweet/tart balance. Citrus, gravel, green apple, pineapple. Big acid. 88 pts
I hope you'll never take steps backwards. All i hear is you want to move on with your life .
Wats really good
Yeah they kept my original Trekkie geeky slides!!!
A2: Location-based apps on smartphone, Facebook check-in, etc.
“: Everybody had that asshole friend that picked Rainbow Road every single time. #MarioKart”
thanks for following! keep in touch:)
What are your needs? Maybe we can help. Contact us today, or (856)423-9233
Shit... after last night I gave up drinking. I just finished my second Captain and Coke. I may have a problem Oh, I am also out of vodka.
Still in bed....because I have no life.
Too many lame people in my lane people!
Sign Number 1,357 I Have OCD: Making sure all my starred items in Google Reader are bookmarked in
Zak, try thy brains to gain a readable chapter on Faustus.
#GOPACKGO come on
Thx. It isn't easy to run. I'm super proud of him.
Maybe I have no heart cause all I can remember was feeling so lost.
ubaldo jiminez...wait nevermind. We got the shaft on that trade.
The idiots who have been partying since bin Laden was said to have been killed are the same "college-boy" scumbags who got drunk, stoned,
Afraid not.
Seriously? The cleaning lady just cleaned my desk under my arm as if I wasn't sitting here working.
haha, just picking my roomie up. What about you?
Nice piece of hitting by #paulstar driving in alexei! Go !
Goodmorning Twitter ;) Happy Easter Sunday everyone
Thank you to Cirque Mechanics and everyone who came out for the show. It was a great success!
Im with you. That must be why we are cool. LOL. Only mess with a few RT : #Realtalk ion really like people.
I amaze myself with my metrobus riding skills :)
Congratulations on your graduation ! Well done!
lmao no I'm getting shorter
started to watch Creepshow on and it started with the standard FBI copyright warning of the day.. I don't know if I should continue
i have so much to tell you. text me cause i keep forgetting to save your number lool
Gotta whole lota money pot dat pussy fa me
I need these things! Like I need you. If you had a choice what would you choose?
RT : A real estate agent purchases a foreclosure but must evict a family of redneck squatters before she can resell.
Is u seriose he really goin to marry her?
Yaroo! Finished #Flavia de Luce's latest adventure, I AM HALF-SICK OF SHADOWS.
I have no clue what the standards are for those players. People call it a "beautiful game" but they have these guys playing.
Apparently #Chicago opted out of the #SuperMoon . Bummer
As a father of two, I'm committed to finding passive income sources so I can spend more time with my family
Hey guys-- the Friday night tour is 11:15pm-1:15am-- you have 1:15pm on your site!
Happy for Peter Konz 55th overall to Falcons
B on my first discrete math midterm! Could have gotten one of the highest grades in the class if I hadn't screwed up that diagram problem.
Back from David's. Got a LOT done. I think he gained an acre after the cleanup, Haha!!!
I wasn't born a player, its b/c of u woman y I am a player. So how can u despise what u have created. U woman made me this way so enjoy it.
Thank you to all our new followers over the weekend! Welcome aboard!
S/0 to all The beautiful and independent women!
Heading to my bathroom for some sit-down.
Planning June - Health Tech month - right now. Would you still be interested in hosting an #HAchat on tech ? :) :)
Homeschooling is great
Oh yeah, C-Webb? It's like a tip drill? I don't think that means what you think it means.
I AM SAFE AND SOUND. When are you heading down to VA?
Hi Ewan - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, following you too! Love your blog, excellent writing and info!
I speak Jive!
Hope our offer did not coerce you into joining the Twitter. Thanks for giving usabiliTEST a whirl!
#fourpeaks There's never been a better time to make a paper based book.
other times it may be beneficial to volunteer your services if you have the time. It affords the opportunity to network
I'm on an adventure in Eau Claire man
well clearly it's not me haha cuz I would be freakin out
Just saw #Chronicle! Mind. Blown. If you seen thr trailer, youve seen nothing. If you havent seen the trailer, dont. Be surprised. Worth it.
we've got some pretty insane deals on Waves stuff this month... just fyi (like L3 for under $200 insane)
Cupleanos de tu, Senor Bandito. May your year bring you A's, zombie kills, TFLs, Ws, and all around merriment.
Lots buzz re: Kansas City police live-tweeting tonight. RT : Turns out no naked person - just two angry drunk people.
education system dumbing us down. Media lying to us speeading falsehood, false doctrine creepin in...
Good luck!
follow me! it's milky :)
Happy Easter y'all <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090>
": Venison Chop, Blueberry Risotto, Port/Tomato Gastrique painted on plate then drizzles atop Venison." Where can I get some?
Holly ball sack
Home. Jiggity-jig. Today was a killer.
On the Road again.. next 6 days
What a gorgeous heaping pile of yarn that is.
we'll see you next Monday- don't be alarmed if you hear an 11-piece afrobeat band warming up the crowd before
now they are working together
Some days are marathons others are sprints.
them Penske boys always run well at Bristol! Rusty, Kurt and now
Lol your crazy RT I built da dog house for all my niggas I belong there
I hope he performs
thanks so much dude. It's going extremely well so far. Stoked!
Happy Easter. <3
because its dumb reality show?
Hey! follow back?(:
I'm not as bad as I'm made out to be.
I could give a shit less about Prometheus.
god help me i wonder i herd ipad2 with AT&T sim card can be changed and i hope things will i found a hot girl but she won't date me why?
Thanks for the #FF!
Yep it's gonna be one of those nights
are they really ? Lol
To everyone taking finals this week have fun stressin
you'll have a job. Med industry is gonna grow.
Don't rush through life trying to reach your goals, and end up missing your life (aka spending time with your family).
and baby spiders that would already be dead if I found them on my patio.
Being yourself is what everything is about...well that applies for me tho
I won't ever hate you; but I sure as hell can't ever love you again..
Knowing whether the opposition's expert witness has received payments from a particular drug manufacturer could be invaluable.
exactly. Who wants to have leftovers every other day?
we like to use wave nouveau moisturizin lotion on the Malaysian wavy hair it keeps the waves n its natural state & non greasy.
I've probably bought at least 10-15 pairs from you guys...
Chicago! RT LA, Miami, or NYC for my birthday?
I tried to follow him but he is protected
somebody asked me not to whistle and that I was rude because I whistled. I guess being happy is now officially a sin
Kind of what I was thinking. Thanks buddy. RT : Couldn't care less Danimal.
Nice feel to your playing.Thanks for the follow.
WHY do people like to fuck with quiet people so much? Not all quiet people are shy, we just don't like to YAP constantly!!
Did you rescan your avatar or did my eyeballs just go all HD?
thanks frank!
Right on bro. Thanks! Good luck with everything.
So jealous!! RT : My husband is taking me to Carmel tomorrow to go shopping at Tiffany's and Coach :) happy birthday to me
LMAO I might as well be on a subway here in NYC, reading this conversation
That too, but mostly for my job interview tomorrow. I'm so nervous, I can't sleep. & Thanks for the advice:)
catch ya next time!
Please follow me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
sorry, I double-checked & you were right.. Neumann bowled many PBA events, late 90s and 2004-05-06 but never did get a PBA card.
the ad driven model is more than a century old.
Networking is essential for your business to learn with your customers in order to promote the message on what your business is about.
Hope you guys made your reservations :))
code for watching the notebook with your match
What's the poke button on facebook for???
shhh, my foots sleeping on the gas
Hey Twitter folk! Be sure to check out my film ! Its gonna be amazing! Stay tuned!
I don't know much about soccer. Can I be a ref, too?
Keep beating the yankees!!!!
If I Meet Peter Griffin. We Would Eat Kfc Together. And Twerk Together.
We are!!! Love u too sis! #FF RT : I lovwe that sis! it's powerful, Beautiful, and Godly
I wanna go on a vacation to Miami and Cali.
My new twitter picture is a tribute to how adorable I was when I actually gave a fuck.
Wine. The water of rich people and royalty. Beer. the water of rednecks.
I want a bad boy [;
Sick of just sports in my feed! Anyone know any good Porn Stars to follow?
it's what's for dinner
I used to enjoy Puerto Vallarta at New Year Day. Be careful.
So bored. Gonna post on The Killing and Walking Dead FB walls about their awful shows and see how fast they delete my comments.
will tweet later
oh and I finished #ACBrotherhood today..started on #ACrevelations ..really enjoying the series now more than ever
Playing at South Paulding High School friday night!! Gonna rock it out for Jesus! Amen?
Where is that photo from?
Idk, there is something about you that's making me like more and more each time I see you. :)
You'll never find the right person if you don't let go of the wrong one.
It's too bad that wine-induced giddiness at night always turns into "ugh, why do I have to be awake?!?" the next morning!
lol tell him I said "I Miss you bro" :)
Just registered for winter quarter: Info. Technology, American #Archives, #DigitalPreservation & Data Curation. *so excited* <U+2665>
any news on trades for the packer rb?
Thanks for following and Welcome.<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A8>
It was lovely seeing again tonight!
Great Summer Day and iam Drinking Koolaide
Oh, just on my computer. I'll give it a look and see if it isn't too embarrassing or too french theory-ish to torture you with.
Jessica? Joshua? or Phillip? Who you got?
please follow >> !
Be there in 40 minutes! The drooling started when we left the house!
Thanks for the RT guys!
You're late.
phewww okay ^_^ nearly had a heart attack haha :P
: Under no conditions should you come up for the Loma Prieta anniversary on 17 October and have coffee with me at Epicenter.
Waiting for Ferris .Hope not disappointed!
It's hot as shit out heree omg
Which is always lol
Gonna hit up show tonight! It's at 8pm and it's at The Elephant Lab.
They pay their fair share of taxes and God rewards them. Think about it.
Kids in bed, finally able to jump on treadmill. Quick work out and then try to wind down to sleep. Day 1 biggest loser comp - it's on!
SAME! RT “: Semester grades posted tomorrow? Good. I'm excited to see my hard work translated into a bomb GPA. #winning”
CONGRATS #CLIPPERS First Round 2 Appearance EVER.. or at least in last 33 years!!!
that cuts A LOT deeper when you articulate and take it far enough to get personal. cursing just shows a loss of +
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night...
Just what i need :) I love their stuff! Where is the store?
"Thao! Stop tweeting about me!" -
I saw GATZ at the Public last night. Scott Shepherd is superb! Fitzgerald is sublime. Brava to an excellent cast and production.
- I don't believe the South Bronx is gentrifying. It's propaganda to make people think it is.
Really in a bad way about this one.... Too damn young....
I don't think Joe Oliver's position would fool Boo-Boo The Fool.
Thanks for the RT
better than me, I have been craving 4 Lionel Ritchie all week, since saw him on Ross, didnt dare put it on in salon though aha
i hope i cross your mind once in a while just so that i wont feel pathetic for thinking of you all the time
Feel like shit. Stress has gotten the best of me.
Please remember that Saturdays class will be canceled due to a funeral
when is yalls next show?:o
WMYB just played on
Great interview with Gordon this morning!
GAME OF THRONES IS THE BOMB discuss
lol it's a good thing. it's always nice to know someone gets my musical references
See ya at the big A weaver
Love is circulating the earth. #
thank you! Integrity is something I try to model for my students!
Hi Rima: Thank you for the #FF! I just recently learned what that was--I appreciate it. Have a good weekend!
writing RFPs, finishing up and interaction prototype, and putting up two dev previews...busy busy
I AGREE ALL DAY ERRDAY!!! Better then what makes yhu beautiful !!<U+2764>
i just want to procrastinate, but i know i shouldn't. the sooner i get these last essays & exams done, the sooner i'm free.
Happy christmas eve EVE!
#ASECS12 this is part of Carey's forthcoming book on Quaker abolition movement in 18c.
“: I love your bio.” It's funny because it's true.
I don't get this clown either....
Haha! RT : I could tell you where I keep my keys but then I would have to find a new hiding place
why are you pissed?
i just caught up on reading your blogs from July up till now i always enjoy them ...have a Happy birthday cheers!!!
in the home stretch now. exhausted but feeling the promise of the future! hope to see you soon. :)
can you comment on the plane that made an emergency landing today at TIA>?
Catching up on glee :)
u in blimp
#NFL Players Assn. appears to be doing everything it can for me to lose interest in pro football.
RT The new #DPC Technology Watch report on #IPR and #DigitalPreservation is at the copy editor now. Won't be lon...
I guess I'm a little bit skeptical about never. Not even a non-romantic dinner for two?
Cool stuff planed for Amici's New Years Party! You should make your Reservations today! Infact stop in tonight for dinner and make them! :)
Hope you are having a GREAT week! :
RT : "#WEATHERIZATION WORKS!!“Last year, we relied less on foreign oil than in any of the past sixteen years.” #SOTU #energy"
thanks for following us :)
did ya finally get some sleep?
oh no I forgot.. you bend over for Desta ;)
your FIRST ONE??!!? Grrrrl plz! You probably never had a speeding ticket. :)
Toddler couldn't sleep. I had to sing "Downtown" to her twice.
woah. Intense!!! Hope they end up making 2 and 3 as well! What did u think? Did u read the book before?
so where is the best place to vacation in the carolinas? i am thinking charleston. any advice?
Two words for all the single ladies out there: Handy. Man. Marry a guy with skills. They are invaluable. Love you honey!
Is there any way to see the Acrobat menu when viewing PDFs in Google Chrome? Kinda like in FireFox?
the fatigue will eventually I promise. :) Give it until about week 12-14 and all of a sudden you will feel better
Gynecomastia & advanced alcoholism? MT : Ppl ask me if I take steroids. (I have terrible bacne, miniature testicles & breastlets)
finally got the christmas tree out XD now it needs decorating ^^
Not a buy, but I think Joe Hart was their best player.
Awesome! RT : Great! Had a performance Friday Preparing for another this thurs w/
Just picked up my graduation robes. I want to cry.
imma box a nigga when i get back
i dont sleep lol nut yeah im up you up aint it pass yo bed time
Yoghurt sounds perfect to ease out the spiciness or any acidity.
That is a tuff thing to live up to. I've worked with & nobody can compare to his ability to dev, deliver and coach
RT : been telling you this for a year!!! <= This is true. I just need to listen to you more. ;-)
my parents would do the same -_-
beautiful day to keep work, work, working -- art don't make itself, you know! Oh... Wait... Sometimes it does! Outside I go!!!
a big woot out from me!! Girls next door, unite!
My parents live with me sounds way better than I live with my parents
So my iphone took the morning & afternoon off. I guess I do work the shizzy out of it. Tminus 20 minutes & I'm back in touch with da world
Damn right I'm bout
Awesome ! Glad you dig it! I will send you the press release as soon as it's finished!
MT : TAL's show was great. I take such inspiration from them, hope I can do something that good with games someday.
