Just saw somebody taking a picture using her iPad. Yes it's a stupid looking as it sounds...
can't wait. loads of fun!
Rusty is a water dog that HATES the water. Yup, he's a crazy pup.
Thank you for the follow,you broke the dark number that I had~! #IOweYouAGlitteryBall~!
Half way drunk :)
I wouldn't be unhappy if he joined the Avengers in the next movie, though.
My childhood friends were selected based on what kind of snacks they had at their house.
It will end when someone else says, not me now.
okay you got noise tonight...lol
#oah2012 maybe instead of vanity spots for "commentators", the last 10 min of sessions could be reserved for questions
Yes, all four teams were incredible this year and we hope you are able to make it out to see the 10 talented teams competing!
were u from
Why must #heatplayoffs & NBC Thursday sweeps be on at the same time?
Im the only person up
We are going to show you the connections within Universal Mind through your questions! Live at Miparacon.
Take advantage of those #PostRace massages! Then take an ice bath at home and yup, you guessed it, stretch!
What's your #leadership style? Inspirational leaders share excitement & enthusiasm for their organizations' vision to unite and align others
what's wrong
beautiful morning out here in SF!
My all time favorite movie RT : Freddy Got Fingered on a long ass drive back to Tally.
Having a heart and being afraid to love someone, is like having wings and being afraid of heights. Take a chance in life.
#Smiles is that right
Yay I go one direction !!!
Can't wait for Bulls game tomorrow.
2013 Jaguar XJ Ultimate -- An Ultra-luxury Sedan With A Hand Crafted Interior - MarketWatch (press release)
Here with in chicago ohare airport. Cheers!
hahahah i know!! -.-
President George W. Bush's call to action regarding immigration reform was not just a response to recent population shifts
why does string cheese only taste good when you peel it?
It's a BIG difference than you Fat Hoe.... only yo fingers can fit a size 14!!!
guys don't care about that though >.<
If the school board wants us to be alert and focused at school, they shouldn't have it so early.
Happy mothers Day to all the Dads that earned the right to hold that title
"my religious beliefs,I believe in one God.I don’t believe in religion." --Jay-z..he's an idiot,read this quote carefully lol
I need some sombreros, a 16oz bottle of hot sauce and 3 watermelons...or avocados...whatever is easiest.
thanks!! Don't know what I'm doin! What happened to rits?
Karen is a dumb bitch! The writers just LOVE Katherine and want her to shine and wants everyone to love her. I HATE HER!!
No need for a blazer?
Hi Butch, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
Yep. It's less than ideal, but you're right.
'Horrible Spouses... You can't live with them, you can't live without them'. RT: What should the sequel to 'Horrible...
but how to complete the trilogy?
Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose.”
Beautiful day even with the slight chill in the air. Wonder if Vine is wearing her long underwear?
Sending my love from America! RT : you should come to germany!!! got a lot of fans over here in hannover ;)
Congrats buddy! How fun! : Guess who's going to the Critics' Choice Movie Awards tomorrow night?! This guy! (Major HT to )
great job!
Thanks for the follow and RT !
“: RT : *blushing* available for .edu email users Newish feature: press 4 to record/ dl/email"ned2try
I just got a press release from the Library of Congress about a music event (they are honoring Burt Bacharach). That's pretty cool.
what was it?
I wanna go downtown and adventure :D
yes! In Niles dude.
Good luck and Mohegan Sun has non-smoking tables
Thank you! RT : Congrats on the Best of CES. I look forward to seeing the service when it comes online.
Omg my signal is back!
Thanks for the birthday card, Would it have killed you to throw some drink tickets in there?!
I'm happy to introduce you to them. Just e-mail me at jack at metajack.im.
Seeing Rock back after 9 years out is like......seeing Hogan back after 9 years out.
Thanks Kevin. I guess I'm buying a book now :)
80 percent can look like 100 so aim for 80.
I'm blaming Twitter for my future stomach ache from overeating. #myfavoritefood Unfortunately, I can't get my favorites, Chunky's calling me
I had a neighbor who wouldn't date until his child was in high school, like 10th grade. Don't know how he managed.
we just got a boxer puppy and soo many people have asked if she is a pug because she is only 7wks and tiny
I was not implying that you had not. I simply think he can play a little. He passed my eye test. That is all
yeah, even Im here, expected a few more on a wed in NY.
Bulgarian weightlifter jailed for drug smuggling
Aaron I'm So glad u won the Superbowl. U deserve it. U should be the MVP of the leave. Fantastic season!
First time since February that I've actually stayed in english for a full period
The take on the Indianapolis Indians tonight at Huntington Park, 6:35p! Get $5 tix if you mention social media.
yummy, love their breakfast, enjoy xxo
I gots ta write me a character like Jayne, he made such a fun guy -not bad, but not entirely good either. Need a story 1st tho
El Toro in Lex is the real deal Mex Rest unless y'all know something I don't elsewhere-BH
Bom sounds like she's saying "Boy I don't care, with my hot hair" LOL!
Get TAN for the SUPERBOWL*Specials* From 9a-noon ALL BOTTLES of LOTION 45% off! Buy a 10 Pack of UV or Instant Tans and get 5 FREE! AND MORE
“: Get to deliver a truck full of toys to Seattle Children's hospital today :)” sorry I am missing this go
Congratulations, Quinn!
Fabulous! If you follow me I will DM you my email and some info. Let's chat!
Yo, I'm seriously thinking of moving to LA from Vegas in the next few months. How was the move for you?
VNSO remains closed as of 5/17. The pump had to be shipped to the repair facility. At this point we don't have an anticipated reopen date.
Had a great time at the Eclipse Midnight premiere! Enjoyed the fight scenes and the back stories.
how are ya doin? :)
Oh thank goodness, I now have my face planted in front of the stream. That was near freak out lol
Dolphins over there juggin. Fuck y'all man.
when will we get to know the casting?? eek so excited
Oh, I don't wanna lose you too :)
Negative -- we all registered as individuals.
Where have you been, love? <3 <3
What does being a mother mean to you?
haha yes I do, you told me yourself
some of your tweets crack me up!!
Going to bed *^^* Jaimie's graduation party is tomorrow:) Good night TL<3
lmaooooo ok now ill give you the matching pimple one but tu no sale only your mouth and sesi dimple
Job Opening: Senior Recruiter to manage recruiting activities including partnering with hiring managers on strategy and candidate selection
Girl in bar drunkenly telling life story of being a comms major, then PR person, how being talkative makes hubby feel bad. Shut up.
Does anyone have experience with #UnitedHealthcare #infertility coverage? I am trying to get a copy of the #rider and #BuyUp option.
": “Surround yourself with only people who are going to lift you higher.” Oprah Winfrey"
pulled a muscle in my arm and now it's all tingly ):
Bob Britt says "Worse crap I've ever seen"...
If clients keep threatening to "get a college kid to do it", you either are not imparting your expertise or #PR needs some PR.
The beauty of Alien is how perfectly composed it is, from the opening credits onward. Set design, camera movement, music all fit together.
WTF is wrong with these Packer receivers?!!!
: You're a funny guy, Logan!
Ok, Schoolfeed, gotten a lot of requests lately, seems like a social network aimed at being a virtual yearbook, where'd this come from?
Why can't I reproduce a problem a client has with a #Joomla google map module? Works fine for me on all browsers, cookie settings, etc. sigh
all i did was try to help you and make things better, and what do i get?...a broken heart.
then do it
The director of #Kony2012 just mentioned you - did you go to #USC together? Fight On!
Late night, headed back to cincy. Listening to the Pat Metheny Group album "Speaking Of Now"
Turnbull wants the person who deals with off-campus behavior is a "very senior" member of the administration
I've decided im going to use twitter more. #1. Fantasy football: excellent for my football knowledge...bad for whatever coolness I have left
Just found a girl who loves shows as much as I do. SO excited for school!
I hate the term "social inclusion." Cant think of any inclusive environment in which kids can only learn social skills.
Busy day of scoping, drafting, reviewing, and delivering projects. My clients have been so active lately - I love it!
Final day of dew tour :/
can't wait
Hi, love London - chat,chat /US
There Is NOTHING That Compares To Seeing NYC From The Air! 6 East River Piers 212.9676464
Anyone read about the "nodding disease" in Uganda? Crazy sad.
The website is now live. Get your free Ebook, Marketing 2011 for the Health Care Professional www.TheOTHERMedicalEducation.com
Farmers Markets are spring up: Organic items at farmers markets can be nearly 40 percent cheaper than items at neighboring supermarkets.
“ girl you crazy! We missed you tonight at the homestead. #SKCnation sad day tho :-(
well its working well anyway get happy before i get angry cause your sad :D pweety pweese :D
u welcome....
At up for trivia night! Dream team:
Probably won't be very chatty night. Dealing with a sick dog. :(
The TAASK played Sweetwater 420 and Decatur Earth Day Festival this weekend. Thanks to all our fans that came out to show us some love!
excited to see again! Getting ready to go see them perform Jimmy Kimmel tonight!
Happy 329th Birthday to Philadelphia! On October 27, 1682, William Penn founded the City of Philadelphia. Join us for a tour to learn more!
my primo leo is home! great minds develop great things.. just gotta bring them together..
Thanks for the RT
There are two great days in a person's life - the day we are born and the day we discover why.
Want a chance to win 2 VIP tickets to Euphoria Music Festival? Follow them Use #euphoria in a tweet. Winner announced 2day
It may be a big word for 5 a.m., but I bet it still made you laugh a little bit. :) Thanks for flying MKE!
Cuz we are living in a material squirrel and I am a material squirrel
thanks Mark, I'm considerably younger and lighter skinned now but it's nice to hear from a fan ;)
Can I copy your homework?" "Yeah, but I don't know if they're right." "I don't care."”
It would be awesome if we could get the political party focused on unfunded wars and upper income bracket tax cuts back in power.
Thanks for the follow and for subscribing to the blog. Following you back!
beautiful boy. 4?
plz follow me :)
Why the heck is Phineas & Ferb always trending??? I don't get. Spongebob is way better...
Hey pretty lady, Album coming in the fall and coming to the D in the summer July/Aug... We def have to meet:)
excuse me who are u
For some reason I think that's because fan pages with timeline on mobile haven't gone over yet...
Mental health expert says Loughner is dangerous and needs meds. Predicts judge will approve forceful use of anti-psychotics
Today is not my day...
What an awesome performance today at the Statehouse! Thx for following BAA and promoting youth art!
Sweet dreams, tweethearts<3 I know I will!;)
See every problem as an opportunity to exercise creative energy- Stephen R. Covey
It was funded in 4 days! That goes to show that the demand and interest is out there!
Had a long discussion 2 weeks ago if Corn was a vegetable, fruit, grain, or grass. Take that Tomato!
Our patent pending Vine-to-Capsule technology preserves the grape polyphenols, ensuring quality.
BBQ and pre game party at my house
Because I have a terrible memory (and haven't seen the new movie), I didn't even know who he was!
Will you be fired tonight if your show drops below 6? Or will the SRC wait until the end of this awful series?
just wanted to say that I am absolutely loving your Wal-Mart hate today.
I do all the driving, you do all the drinking challenges.
Holy Shit Now alejandro, joe Ely , low anthem join for Woody tribute with audience This land was made indeed
It's crazy to think that could be reading this right now . <3
I envy your dreams! Mine last night was about True Blood.
Dexter Season 3 to ring in the New Year
Eating m&m's in bed. <3.
listenin to damn 10 yrs since god took his angel #ONEINAMILLION god bless true legends never die
Classic breakfast in , wa yummy
I know...watched Cuba city this afternoon n memorial tonite...good games. R u heading to Madison this week?
Tiger, Tiger, Tiger!
If #chocolate could sing, it would sound like
U ONLY HAVE 1 HEART, WATCH WHO U GIVE IT 2, BEC IN THE WRONG HANDS CAN BE DEADLY,
It's like they run in, throw rocks, break the glass, and then make YOU feel bad that the glass got broke in the first place. Instigators.
it's creepy how eerily perfect 's tweets suit my mood.
#tie2011, so much learning going on in the google sites class, reworking some of my own websites
I do appreciate non-conventional cover versions of songs. There's at least one good one per episode.
Wine Words of Wisdom: "If a life of wine, women and song becomes too much, give up the singing." ~ Anonymous
Curious about the debauchery that was a part of while in at Disney World? Listen to Episode 57 this weekend!
3 years today, i love you.. :)
Are there any #MBA admissions or #GMAT questions we can answer?
my whole body is burnt..
Just saw It was Sold out in IMAX 3D in PGH, A-freaking-MAZING, Going to see it again Sunday
It's gonna be out of control! The video guy will be filming sun
Yay!!! Great news
RT Bajwa_21: How u gonna have a fridge with no drinks?
Thanks for rec. I will have to try it out.
Had a blast last night. Finally made some new friends. :)
Oh ok cool cool im coming
that is a different word for you
so what happens to Osama Bin Laden's Facebook account?
playing , come and check it out, in the lounge!
I only say what everyone else is thinking. ^_^
We just updated our rep prescriptions for bodyweight exercises across the board. This will crank up the heat on Home & On-the-Go workouts!
Billionaire Nelson Peltz Offers $7B For Family Dollar
You would have to check with
I saw that happen at a male strip joint.
If your birthday is today, do you celebrate it on 2/28 or 3/1 the rest of the time? I've always wondered about this.
Its called drowning. ..
RT : I don’t have a very clear idea of who the characters are until they start talking. JOAN DIDION
So happy Monta had a debut win! Im thinking the Warriors office now realizes what a mistake they made.
Everyone follow !!!She has amazing tweets about Justin and Life:)!!! She can help you gain followers just DM her:) RT if u did
At bagel street, Plainsboro. First time in 15 years in this town I'm in a pubic place and every single person is white! So strange...
Just saw a he/she!!! It's hannah montana!!! Shes got the best a both worlds!!!
I am at Franks on Harper and 12. Would anyone like to join me for an exciting day of madness?
waiting, waiting, waiting for tennis to end to start 6pm news
So nice of the #Braves to spot the #Rockies these huge early leads before ripping their hearts out!!
Cannot get enough of this gorgeous Indy weather. Enjoy if you can!
Somethings in my brain just don't turn on at the right time, so that is why i am slow. Sorry...
Thanks for the warning.
flourless chocolate cake
is my hero. breakfast tacos in class? Yes, PLEASE.
oh! how much? and is it real wood or the fake wood?
thank you- www.jazzpiano.it
Satan knows that if he can control our thoughts then he can control our
Dude in my English class... grow up or go back to middle school where you belong.
We're excited for Halloween! Hopefully by Sunday, we'll be seeing a lot of matches using !
im going to tweet Rob Dyrdek and tell him you need to be on there maybe if we start a trend he will make it happen
Listening to Assemblywoman & @ CA Senator Fuller @
i wish i had him,if so my life would be so much better.
I don't know which is worse...the people who work out the week after NY or people who only go to church on Christmas.
Tweet. Why do I do this? Don't know.
not going to school.
Yeah, good times | they just bring so many memories back of things we experienced oh god that right their sounds so wrong SORRY
ima wait till the go on lunch break and steal all the hammers, and saws, ugh. dese maynes really den gone to fucking trippen.
I think I've discovered the opening shot for the trailer! :-)
I'm so tired ;( my owner left last night for a fair.. That's when I brought in a cute bassett hound from across the street ;)
lol ye ye but first I'm watching this UK game
No kidding! is run by a homey of mine from West Village in
Head ready to go SPLODY. Matthew wants to use his money to buy a new Transformer, but bad mommy wants the couch.
wish I could get "boned" :(
there's always room for one more.
We have "yolo - you only live once BUT for mexicans it's "Yoco - You only cross once lmao!
Packed perfectly for two international trips in the past 3 weeks and still managed to forget my headphones for the work commute today. $&!%
Yup he's the one in my picture with me (:
Today is.. hmm.. It is... It will be better at 4pm!!! ;D
mornin run on an empty stomach
Anytime sir RT : Much love to for the gear and that jcole cd
and I are sleepy and getting our money on!!!
YAY AND I DIDN'T GET LOST IN BAHSTON.
“: He lost his virginity before his father.”
#Ambition is one of the best albums of the year. Give this dude some awards!!!!
To my surprise, the movie is really good! (The cocktail sounds potent.)
Like from Twilight zone: Winter weather advis 4 metro region,2 or 3 inches, except 3-6" north and northwest of DC beltway.
see! I think dat last tournament was my last lmao
wat do them things mean , i always see ppl tweetin tht ?
she's the sweetest, right, right?! ;)
Relaxing watching idol on dvr with life is good work at 6
HEY! Follow !!! She is HAWT and AWESOME ;D
Whew! #fistpump RT Unless you're planning on helping me move my son out of his frat at Mizzou today, you are safe!
Thank you!
funniest thing ever just happen LOOL .
Being a mother is learning about strengths you didn't know you had, and dealing with fears you didn't know existed. ~Linda Wooten
S" a confusing milieu of misinformation,disinformation,rumors+the occasional fact"
Shoulder kitten purring loudly in my ear and tickling me with kisses. Does it get any cuter? I would say not.
My bad haha like I said I don't know much about that XD
In so much pain #ouch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
folks were distraught by what they say saw as a flippant dismissal of the quasireligious experience of aesthetic encounter
Bet, what we doing... Lol
yeah we can live forever duh!!
#ThingsIDislike are people who dislike one direction
Todd from our team is registered to attend in November! Has anyone else already committed to attend?
it'll happen.
-_- damn when can you text?
Nothing sums up the proud Mexican spirit on their Independence Day like drunk college girls in sombreros screaming for more Patron!
For anyone at #bblatin at Orfanato showcase looking for nice cocktails and snacks walk two steps to Corner Bar on N Miami + 10th
Its Official
RT : RT made it to So proud of them! It's like the best of #slgt came together & opened the perfect store
LOL! RT : Never share a room with this girl! RT : A3. Smother him with a pillow!
Simmons, hurry up with the homer article about W#1 against the heat. We all won on Tuesday, let's celebrate.
Reading Frontinus' history (97AD) of H2O engineering in Rome. Fascinating.Getting H2O to and thru cities no easier now goo.gl/qI3vY
Well shucks ! I'm telling you, emotions are running high on this show... Can't help it!
Thank you for the fb comment!
Did goo on my finals ! <3
Here's a rabbit,
& I miss reading news about you two, guys! I don't know anything about you for weeks :( and that's so sad.
"Pity nor fucks were ever given" -
M&A Tip of the Day- The more you watch your bottom line the better your valuation will be when you go to sell your business.
prove it lls :P
Watch Raising Hope Season 2 Episodes online follow me!
The Heat/Knicks game is so uncompetitive I'm not sorry for stopping my viewing for the Caps/Rangers.
I need to do laundry so bad, but I'm just not feeling it.
The Black Bear Inn is Opened on Mother's Day. Who else is?
I am a Washington artists that specializes in Georgetown scenes.
It's incredibly amazing how jealous I am of Chachi.
Let's hear about those PR's falling at Regionals!!!
Wow. Put out a request on FB and Twitter for an invite to Google Plus and got it within 41 seconds. Love the Interweb.
could it mean"hire right"?
People say life never give second chances. WRONG! Every "Today" is a second chance that Life throws at you. Be smart enough to grab it.
Allow yourself to get comfortable with not being comfortable
I've now unsubscribed from 's newsletter 5 times (which I didn't subscribe to), and keep getting it. That's spam.
Good Morning XD
not answering my question.
I want that sweat shirt
Every leader needs to stop .... stop and take measure of the people that make them who they are. For those people are not constant or unwi…
Leonard good game jojo my mom said hello
people only gossip about the most interesting people.
I'm having a hrad time understanding what the Twitter hype is all about.
YAY! Giants won the Super Bowl!!! :D
shut up dad. Braves suck
bummer, dude. RT Annoyed with work
same here! I need company! ;o
hey I saw ur video on youtube. I was wondering if it can work on a HTC EVO also ??
"oh, I have a neighbor named Glomer Ulus..." hahaha
Clearly I haven't fed The Goggle enough past data to receive relevant rec's in new playpen. Although I'm sure is a fine person.
RIP Dan Weldon!! Godspeed Dan... Very sad day....
#YouWereCuteUntil I saw you in person
Haha.. Swish in a big spot again!! Let's do this Swisher!!
If anyone is a fan of Friday Night Lights (the book), "After Friday Night Lights" by Bissinger is Pick of the Week!
"Doing is the truth of being" - Rupert
I either wanna do soccer next year or baseball. But I don't know if I could due to me probably sucking in them.
Dolphins reportedly to work out LSU's Morris Claiborne, others - NFL News
It's the Post-Steadicam for all us Shaky Photogs. :D
happy new year too !
Hi Ronald, Thank you for following! I am looking forward to your tweets!!
Bonus points for anyone who can get a pic Brangelina will be @ AMC-Georgetown tonight screening Land of Blood & Honey
RT : Farm Fresh -two dozen farmers will be on hand to talk about CSA at Urban Ecology 1-4 March 13th
When do you get back? I'm leaving for Japan on May 12.. would love to hear about your trip.
All I want is to go to Yiannis tonight.. Is that too much to ask ?!
Wow. How did I not know about ? So cool.
awww well you better not miss that then...
Correction makes a mean lime drop.
me too! Where are we going?
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer20
I should have had a V8
I Made my mom, sister, my baby dog,And more than 100 people to subscribe in KEEK OMG jeep subcribing i want to win this
Just let me know when your coming?
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME.. PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD.. I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS!!
the power, i mean tower of babble? lol there&#39;s a science to it but what am i gonna do write a paper on it and give away years of st…
The girls do not have a sense of proportion when they are painted, drink and fall in love.
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not!
She's A Lady - Forever the Sickest Kids
Tellingly, he is a real estate agent...
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend except that guy with no friends :(
Double Middle finger to those racist losers. #Winning DUH!
coming from you, that is huge! Hoppity hop and thanks a lot!
are you good with your #productcampSTL presentation idea?
haha oh thanks yea ill definitely try it! :)
Wedding?! We need to catch up . . .
Congrats to the #Galaxy and #Real Salt Lake for making the MLS cup. Any Sounders fans want help selling their MLS Cup tix? we can help
haha I'm split doe.
Thanking god for a new day po$itive pu$h
Thanks so much for sharing our job posting!
Who you liking more for Week 15, Avant or Manningham?
Think it's time for another delicious looking blog post!
I'm in Chicago. Wat should I do? Anyone have any ideas
: I think it is the snow. Well at least here. It has been a painful winter so far, but I see light at the end of the tunnel.
"Only God gets his todo list done each day." on Biblical #productivity "...save some work for tomorrow guys." - my Bosnian friend
Cold nights make for great game nights!
Took a test today I failed no just kidding! Crap u people who hate glee and shake it up!(I don't know how I got from tests to glee hehehe!)
Says Redskins still have 31.1 Million to spend
GM everyone
Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop.
There's something about #Foxfield that makes me want to pack way too many dresses for a weekend trip...
On a top secret mission at Fed ex office and the dude keeps coming trying to help me. Geesh.
Integrity is owning up what you listen to when no one is watching. Did I just stream the Gummy Bears theme song? Perhaps, friends. Perhaps.
if someone hates you for no reason, give that motherfucker a reason.
Im tired of making others happy before I cam smile with myself. Ever feel like that?
I'm art of the crew... And we are awesome!
Thx for the RT! I think she said it again -- "robotics" ... super cool.
30 bags of Sweet Potato Terra Chips.
Learned so much from at dinner tonight!
Now onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Brian McFadden
Max & Ruffy's fans in Oregon, you can now find our treats at Animal Crackers! www.animalcrackerspetsupply.com
We're not very good but we're a dang sight better than
some Mom's feel like they live in a zoo!
you were so in the moment - Thanks! You are so awesome to work with!
MT : Any last-minute teaching-related links for March Teaching Carnival ? Send them along, please (billiehara)
#liber2011 As we bundle info-related activities and the pattern of transaction costs change, so too will the boundaries of the library.
That's what I was thinking! Haha
I'm not even texting you. What you talking about dry?
Make my day. Follow me. <3
How Fast My Phone Dies At School <<<<<
ANNOUNCING MWSA 2011 AWARDS-Historical Fiction Event-Beyond Those Hills by M.H.A. Menondji - Honorable Mention
it's in the four seasons next to the legg mason building. It's awesome!
Order sent Monday to Hilary in CA!
That's so fucking dope. I will take a break from this Reggae and listen to some muthafucking Circa.
But hate is a very powerful word : p
"Take those skates off, Man."
Eli Manning could throw a football through Chuck Norris's heart.
have a great time tonight ! Bummed I will miss it. Family stuff...
i might be goin' with my family as a mother's day gift. gotta see what everyone's deal is first.
sure, Y not? RT : Here's a question - would you work for an employer who asked for your social media passwords?
This outward Spring and garden are a reflection of the inward garden.-- Rumi
Check out 's tweets for updates on NJ's efforts to legalize online gaming. Everyone should be following him anyways.
Thank you for the follow. I am now following you in return. :-) madebyfletcher, StuartL_Johnson, Linkaon, revmedusstock , Galaxy_Theatre
smh you JUST LOVE to blame things on me huh!!!! smh
If Gonzalez is gone for the year, hard to continue to have faith in the season...
AWESOME to hear on over the weekend! A taste of things to come for the upcoming return of FNX alums! gonna be GREAT Radio!
I think I choose "Jackass."
We open early for #MarchMadness today! Get your seat because it's gonna be crazy for #UNC and #kansas at 2pm!
TONEY PARKER SAID HE WANNA WIN ANOTHER RING FOR TIM DUNCAN.
FB PUT ME ON TIMEOUT...BACK 2 TWITTER THEN..THEY PROB END UP LOSING AFTER THE SOCIAL NETWORK WAR IS OVER
Congrats to my fav athlete of all time, Mr. , ranking 22nd in his first #NASCAR race.
like jupiter & mars. we own the night.
Wow!! He missed the field goal.... I'm stunned
You don't know shit about me so stop the assumptions.
FO SHO PIMP! lets do work. let me know when i can hear that mixtape..im looking forward to it
Someone get me Cal Ripken's cell phone number. He's not responding to the big "8" spotlight I've flashed over Camden Yards.
killer night in Tempe last night... just waking up actually. Let's do it again.
thanks a lot!!
Congratulations to all the winners at #PremiosJuventud. Happy 8th anniversary! See u next year!
Shoot :/ just messed that one up
The strength is in the analytics it provides on pins you upload through its system. Have fun with it!
I'm feelin Daniel's tattoos~
RIP: Comedian Robert Schimmel, Thanks for the many years of entertainment. You will be missed.
Not exactly sure yet still going through getting cast together
Went to the Moxie Theatre last night. Ok, Apparently, I'm still in love with drummers.
thinking about Paris in Springtime, so when do the gardens start to bloom? Is March too early? Is May too busy with tourists?
Thank you for listing us as a top story!
Also, Ms. Barr, I will write you a lovely story about a good student and dedicate my next book to you if you don't make me take math again.
why u so amazin?
And people wonder why I'd rather watch sports nearly constantly? Gosh
My fav Lykke Li just joined Miike Snow on stage. Loving this!!
xoxoxo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> be safe on your road trip
Peace out Ebanks.
wish i could be there too! think you all will be explosive together!
Graduation Day!
I thought it was good, just not as good as the first. But the special effects reminded me of original.
thank you. And bless you too!
I wish I was more like >>>> lol
Word! RT : #MentalSlavery is much worse and more detrimental than physical slavery could ever be.
uh yeahh, and when you win the show you on the show most times so gotta win.
ugh, I know.
yes omg
I've seen lots of flossing. So gross!
RT : Less than 24 hours before the first free practice session of the 2012 season!
#facebookjustbought me a bottle of vodka
nothing bored af
Wow, Baylor bears rock this house?! The SEC will accept any disgruntled Big 12 fans.
In time I were able to keep him, and I kep him till he went off in apurple leptic fit
Great run !!
#ilookForward to a giant stash of instant noodle kimchi bowls calling my name back home..
Off to my appointment with the pedorthist. I'd really love to be running again someday.. someday SOONER rather than later.
always tweeting!! :)
I hope u r not having a bad day?
I got the same thing on my iPad
The eight nominations for FOLLIES surpasses the seven garnered by 's RAGTIME in 2009. (That show went winless on Tony night.)
You don't want to go to Easter, but its already passed. Wtf lol
read for #iowahawkeyes to beat purdue!
The only thing I hate more than reality TV is music-based reality TV. But damnit, I love
I just know you can do it, man!
my best friend is an idiot. *bangs head on the wall*
": George has my heart, and by "George" I mean "the bar"" bahaha George is my main man
Even though it is a documentary, it was funny and I still can't believe they make wine in AZ!
RT - Good luck to my boy paul fenaroli 2nite vs the jacksonville jaguars! Love ya kid.
Hahaha...VERY happy birthday.
Awful judging on the machida ramage fight.. How can any one say rampage won that?
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.-Jack London
Haemonetics Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire Pall Corporation's Blood ... - MarketWatch (press release)
There are few things better than happy hour sushi
lightning talk on hard due date feature - moving ceilingDueDate and globalDueDate to circ matrix
Bold Fusion with and ... Hoping for a great event!
Days like this remind me why I love livin in Cali!!
Louisville's getting a little chippy
Low 40's. Football weather. RT : how cold IS it in Chicago?
fuck it. No one can say the Skins don't have an interesting off season.
Everything Joe knows about decision making, I've taught him. I'm incredibly proud of Joe.
A simple hi, hey, hello, or hay. Would make my life you don't even know haha.
good fight dustin even if it was a loss u still rock
#FF #marketing people:
shut up about
I feel another fight coming on with the vacuum do you two even know where that is?!?
Dear Pizza Hut, I love math. I don't love your pizza.
“: #PAUSE. This bitch just fake mentioned herself... From ME. Where in the ENTIRE FUCK do they do that at???” o_O
Tweetup's a possibility. Depends on school schedule & my 10 month old's bedtime. Let me know details when you sort them out.
Good morning friends!!!! If you ever need any temporary or temp to perm employees please feel free to give me a call... Im working at Offic…
so many commercials!!!
tweet about the workouts you coach!!
Barbara Gruska of the is one of the coolest people on this earth
its weird lol
Gas, Food, Walmart Gift Cards, Watch www.gasandfoodvideo.com then sign up at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I will supply leads each week.
Thanks, Graves :)
Yes, indeed :) !!! Time to crazy tweets :) RT : Time to tweet now ;)
I wonder what is doing, im so nosey
ya we got it by a really bad storm today a tornado touched down in our city
September was a GREAT month for CD/DVD duplication AND custom t-shirts!! Let's stay on a roll. Hit us! We like it like that.
Happy birthday to !!!! Love you! XO
Don't be hoodwinked by Big Aspberger's. It's all a racket.
1 tattle telling cousin-->": I'm telling ur MOM! Bahahaha RT : Fuck Shit Bitch Ass God Damn...(No family on twitter accnt
Happy St. Patricks Day
Just learned tht "la tortuga" means "the turtle":))
hey i am a huge fan of the hunger games, no lie. also it would mean alot if you followed me back and i love your videos. =)
In da clouds
when you're on omegle and someone pretends to be and promises to follow you on twitter to prove it hahahahaha
It seems to fall somewhere in between Fireworks and the holy grail. I'll take progress over nothing, though.
she's going to perform too? AH! EXCITED!
Congratulations Trent Richardson. #Browns fans are lucky and glad to have you part of the team!!!
you guys really need to b checking one of sfs best undiscovered bands seriously
I need a nintendo 3ds ... That's something I'd wake up for.
Busy making cards for Mother's Day and Get Well for friends. I love making my own, more personal and saves money.
is ecstatic to be in the studio today! great weather
I have good days. This is not one of them.
Time to lay the smackdown on this final.
ugh I miss you so much
Debora - I detest exaggeration
1400 is better than nothing. Honor sleepytime and make up for it tomorrow :)
#Smoke will win this race in his 14th try. Daytona is notorious for numerological coincidences.
I am tired Beloved; of chaffing my heart against the want of you; of squeezing it into little inkdrops, And posting it. ~ Amy Lowell
& iDGAF who gets offended .
Happy Friday!!!!
Grab a friend and come to swing dance lessons tonight at 8. It's so much fun!
Charles Blow is blowing away Uncle Oliver, :)
Lookin' good! RT : RT : Up the block from LeBow, construction continues on the new URBN Center. Here it is from behind
I could really appreciate you in my life!
Saying there are no good men left creates that very experience for you.
#DeepestSongsOfAllTime "Alyssa Lies"~~ Jason Michael Carroll
Did you know: a great source for Potassium (K+) = baked potato? K+ is important for muscle contraction & regulates fluid & mineral balance
She tweets! My goodness. Hope all's well in Badger Country! PS Joanna Goddard's Pinterest feed is excellent, worth a look.
Sixers don't deserve to move on.. They beat a bulls team with a Hurt D Rose jokim Noah
Scotland Yard Pub: We have our own special "Plate Pizza" and it's getting great reviews. Stop out tonight and give it a try.
Past 2 days have been crazy!!!
I was at the wrong Soho House
yes you are right!! Colorado is bi polar!!
6 mths ago on 12-11-09 I lost the most wonderful man I have ever known..I miss u Daddy!!!
Hey you're cool and I know ur good :) follow back me please :) thanks a lot :)
welcome & im pretty good (: lol wassup ?
What are you working on today?
RT : Final #Nuggets injury rundown: Harrington (knee) will play; Chandler (hip) and Fernandez (back) are out.
I'm loving tweets. This mane is coming correct on relationships. I give u 2 thumbs up hun! Job well done!
It is unreal autocorrect doesn't correct itself. I spell it wrong everytime I'm trying to blame my shitty texting on it
I taken all you faggots on and the best insult was "dick-rider".
Returned from beautiful trip to Haiti
You don't manage people. You LEAD people and manage things.
NP Miss Me
It's better to give then to receive, but it would make others feel good if you gave them something back.
you here?
alright get that piggy bank of yours and let's go! Lol
Gotta say, using an iPad for a menu last night at Temezcal was very cool
Royals game tonight >>>>>
So, I've got an African Grey named Justin & a macaw named Morgan. I REALLY wanted a HORSE, lol
I can't wait for December , best time of the year ! <U+2665>
Stubbornness made me a Survivor. Diligence made me a success.
Salt water taffy is where it's at! All day mealing baby
Show 2nite at The Box Office!! Fireworks,The Swellers,Man Overboard,Transit,Last Call,Wolf City show starts @ 5pm
i'll let her know when im not laying down lol
can't wait to see you guys too :)
Congratulations UK! Not cool UK students! You should have just bought some champagne from us and celebrated like civilized people.
Real niggas do real things
I think looking at food all day has made me extra hungry today
Thank you!
Thanks for the RTs -- you guys rule!
. Just wait. He'll top himself next week
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them
Grover Cleveland, 22nd and 24th President of the United States was born on this day in 1837
Great idea! and cabs smell so nice, too.
What a choke job by LOLhio State.
Give mommy some milk
Welcome to the Lightlife, June 5, 4-8, Fire on Water, 518 N. Water Street. Be there. First hour free shots of Nuvo, Shejay Dj Venus on music
lmao oh stop, i love meeting my subscribers!!
Game locks for cert at 2 months before launch. Team has a beer and says, "OK, now for all those ideas we couldn't get to for launch."
Yes, Maxwell Drew Johnson.
Tonight I'm watching "Larry Byndon", a film about a used car salesman in Bisbee AZ who wants to be a new car salesman in Tucson.
Quiche of the day: Ham & Cheddar
BRB . . . .banging head against wall until I pass out!
"Red Velvet Whoopie Pie" is a pretty decent sequence of words.
Great job getting it done.
CAR FIRE: Mcloughlin @ 26th, closed in both directions, use River Rd as Plan B
so this guy re-tweets it...#brilliant!
Ha, missed you too dog. “: missed a good time #not”
haha!! I understand! and Thanks! :)
Now I want to see the movie for the gazillion time!
Fantastic - see you on Race day! #cure Pls remind your friends that online registration ends Monday, April 30, 12noon.
thanks! what up?
cute is good, but compatibility and new user is where it's at
I really hate when the bottom of my foot itches, because I can't scratch it without laughing.
I'm happy to say that "coffee" is one of my top 5 words I've tweeted on twitter!
"Simple Song" - The Shins
but everytime i try to read, i fall asleep.
Running the las vegas marathon on Sunday. 12 Weeks of training done and one long race to go! Can't wait.
thanks jacob, look for a new one coming this week.
Please come back to Orlando soon. :( i wasnt able to go! Your amazing!
Thanks for sharing this event with us and our twitter community!
Hey , huge fan of Big Bang. You a fan of country music? Would luv to have you on my LA morning show on sometime!
Ahem...hopefully this isn't the last time I'll tweet these words this season...but LET'S GO HAWKS!!!
We're really gonna' miss you Dana. Peace and success in whatever you do, wherever you go.
whoa whoa...?
Next #show is Friday the 13th at the PRESS ROOM in
actually. Im sexy and i know it.
feeling better?
How will you get rid of unwanted body hair while at mcdonalds? You Will McNair it.
hey hun...how you been?
Coffee nap coffee
Does anyone that goes to UM have tickets to the DIPLO show tonight?
Im might have hangover in the morning
Very good game tonight Jay great job!! Best D I've seen this year! You guys were great in all 3 phases!
dm I read your note about Apple & textbooks. Would you be interested in a call to discuss defense strategy? (920) 450-5404
hahahha me to!!!!
totally have my nails painted that lavender color by Sally Hansen!
Does your organization provide rewardsrecognition to employees based on values? For intentional culture don't you think you should?
THANK YOU!! LOVE YOU!!
miss you
Bring your business to Texas. No income tax or low business tax and real estate state is the cheapest
6 carries for 14 yards? That's like me giving up 2 home runs to Delmon Young.
Yankees/Wall St/Finance vs. Tigers/Mo-Town/Industry...#Detroit wins.
"Don't trust words, Trust actions."
Why do I love soo freakin much..?:) He is so #flawless :)
So tired, going to bed. Have a nice night everyone!
Pleasant Valley ES and Galena High School will be closed Friday January 20, 2012
Barnone with new german friends lol
Great way to start the week!
Girl Come Down Cuz You Not That Fly
just getting ready to eat & you
Follow me?:)Thanks!!x
it's a souls companion.
I have this thing called emotions and it consumes my life tearing me to pieces
is that tonight's bed?
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY sweetie! xoxo
my favorite part is when you hit your hat off alexs' head and it hit the "good juice" into the trash can :)
True True But BITCHES Love it lol
#ThatOneEx that can't just face truth and keeps blaming u when it really doesn't matter anymore
I'm one of those bad things that happen to good people.
I wasn't sure if it was you! Hah. Are you staying/living near Haight?
This should be interesting... RT : Finally! Brands can message fans and fans can message brands.
once my ankle is healed we goona hit up that gym!
w.e not finishing the reading. i have a sparknotes app on my iphone ill finish this i school
pop it, lock it, polka dot it, country fivin', hip hop hip
brain freeze
ahh sorry I forgot! I'll do it now!!
Its sad how someone can go from being the reason you wake up smiling to crying yourself to sleep.
Sometimes it does though...then again some people are just pokers indiscriminately.
Childhood is like being drunk. Everyone remembers it except you.
:o no one texts you
Good Morning! My wife is off to break a world record this morning! Good luck ! You can do it!
#takenote: the word of the year for #2012 is
“: Knowing what to do isn't enough if you haven't developed the self-discipline to do it. #success #leadership” Agreed.
i swear this time i mean it <3 :)
Coloring my hair today...I'm scared..I've always had black hair
Consumers rather than citizens? which side are you on?
men fall in love after they GTD 90% of the time anyways. Most men see a girl & think sex, but we use cont.
Do I have any Atlanta residents following me?
Rock chalk Jayhawk. See you Monday haters.
Welcome to Twitter! Surf and Wake sessions coming soon...
Mom was happy to hear I'm alive and ticket-less.
RT : People and rubber bands have one thing in common: they must be stretched to be effective.
“: Hitchcock says Halak is out for the series” this complicates things for
I'm waiting for the music award show with Warpaint as winners.
REALLY enjoyed your March Madness "Bracket Babes" story @ 6 tonight. Well done. Always appreciate your work.
IF YOUR AIR FORCE ONES STRAP IF HANGIN SCRAPIN CROSS DA STREET ...YOU ARE NOT PIMPIN
hey were you at La Bottega for the inkedMagazine & MGK event last night?
It's Reuben Tuesday! Pastrami, Cady Creek Swiss, St. B Abt 12 Sauerkraut, and Russian Dressing on Grilled Rye. Any Reuben fans out there??
Ok I'm following you now!
Not sure if I should thank you or hate you! Still recovering from 1 too many ritas...those things are strong! DJ was rockin too.
hey there sweet girl! Hope your day is lovely! Was just thinking about you! Xoxox
Its sad when you've been working on stuff on your laptop so long that when you're not on it, you still think "CTRL S" after every sentence.
pitch calling tendencies. Frequencies of different pitches & in what counts/locations. Oughtta keep you busy :)
I really hope I don't have to drive tomorrow
Most helpful asset for women business leaders... Networks.
Zoos furnish the live experience of animals, but books give you the accurate info. -
A3: Regardless of what the court says, providers will still be working at data exchange. HIEs not part of ACA act.
I love so many people but you the most and my mommy and daddy! && family!<3 ... Family always comes first in my eyes. What about yours?:)
So you think you know how to be safe online? We'll see about that! Don't miss my Lightning Talk at
" #MentionTo- a new friend your becoming real good close friends with-- "
that is great.
I'm so ready for this week to be over ...
" Cookie Monster: Today me feeling blue. Oh, wait: me look in mirror. Me actually blue. Me know what can cure this: COOKIE.
Its Monday in #PDX. What are your tricks to get through the day?
I played with the Timeline plugin a bit this morning and, yep, it only seems to do the blog posts…working on a fix this weekend.
Successfully pulled off moeing the lawn after it rained without it cuttin off on me. All it cost was my left shin. Damn this shit HURT!
What's for lunch today? Join us for one of our five lunch specials for under $8.99 (including a drink!)
Edmonton scores with 56 secs. left. Oil Kings win 4-3. Lead series 3-2. Game 6 Sat. night at sold out Rose Garden.
Lake time
Can't wait; learned a lot!
steph. call meeehhhh okay we need to win this competition like now.
our room smells like burnt pizza rolls. Thanks !
just checked it out and liked it. have a great day.
I know u get busy but be honest u said u wanna get to know me too so we can go on a date, do u want me to stop trying ? Be HONEST
So Americans don't sing the the star spangled banner anymore
Everyone who comes to Shop at the Sip and Sale 2nite gets first dibbs on All, New Arrivals!! Plus 20% Off?!?! Don't Miss Out Ladies!!
So Jeter plays SS everyday until Gardy comes back? Then Nunez comes back in exchange for an OF? Who leaves for Andy?
i thought he would never see me liking that photo HAHA!!
Thanks! My b-day was actually on Sunday, but today was the first day I had time to pick up an ipad. I've been busy!
": Mel Kiper Jr just called RGIII the "missing link" for the Redskins. Racist! #espn #nfl"SMH
Just us Wednesday night a Busby's West in Santa Monica! $1 drinks!
your going to drive an hour or 45 minutes just to meet me
guess that makes me a weirdo, I've loved coffee my whole life :)
Tonight justin and brody had soccer practice.
I feel lost
Has accepted a position with lowen Corp as Director of Installtion Training and Certification.
Happy to say, a "Daily Kate Fix" is not a vice I struggle with.RT Need your daily Kate fix? The latest photos of Kate Middleton here..
I'm quite secular but my boy probably knows u! Plus we're #1 in Houston Sundays w/ our Gospel Sunday!!
you're such a emo little fuck
Have a cocktail & a pedicure. :-) Your friends <U+2764> you! RT : Totally need to get out of this crappy funk of mine.
he was in the movie space balls. That's pimp
is trying to adapt from Hawaii Standard Time (HST) to Eastern Standard Time (EST). My travels have taken me from Hawasia to Floraiti!
Hahahaa my avis a joke :)
Wrong! will back me up.
my vitamins also taste like butt :/
is my new favorite site. has far surpassed my love for pinterest
You can't choose what stays & what fades away.
Drink orange juice for Vitamin C.
Cannot compare Lake Wazee to a project of this scale.
damn! xbox360 GONE ipods GONE baby's first pair of diamond earrings GONE.smh cnt help errybdy cuz dey will getchu..hate a thief...
you should go to MCCSA! I go! it's soo fun there!
What genre are you interested in?
Time for bones!
The day starts out well: 1) Duke lost 2) Michigan lost
Thanks for the RT ! Praying your day is going wonderful!
Understand needs of other side
JAY-Ism #7 -"Remember that the hardest moments in life teach us the most about ourselves".
you're my first amendment hero of the day!
The last stole the sack. - German Proverb
Coaches, how many times have you seen a late game failed FT blockout that killed a comeback effort? Happens a lot...
i wanna do bad things with you!
Thank you! (:
the twins need to get their ass beat
RT if u want some #FF love
oh, fun! Just let me know when to show up :)
Ha indeed!
Great meeting you! And thanks for the 411 on baritones. Nice piece of trivia for my next dinner party! :)
Call now in request "dats my chick" leggo will jammit too
- we're back online, have you been able to download the album yet? If not please email us at
New relationship status: It's complicated w/
Morning! Another day! Another opportunity to get better! Mediocrity shouldn't be an option, Greatness is mandatory!!”
Had an awesome time Bravi dinner. Want to thank The Keilly's (JMK) for great bday dinner and St Patty's.
Thanks nope single
What would you like to see us take part in coming up? Please, reply back!
I know! there's no chance of my becoming a Body without Organs while grooving to this.
dont put on fronts for people if folks dont like yo fuck em. be your self and if they like you cool. and if they dont like you thats cool to
: You can't fight poverty with bake sales
no he was being modern and meeting people where they are. Bet if u looked @ audience there weren't many ties being worn.
Do you remember when people used those 'check' things?
It has been a month or two. I just posted about it on Facebook and suggested it to some friends. Keep up the great work!
Really? Hula hoops are no longer allowed on the mall? This reminds me of high school...
Arnold Schwarzenegger became a U.S. citizen on this day in 1983. Yeah, thanks.....
were do I know u from
That's true. There was! Ugh!
SNTV - Celeb Says What? Celebrities say the funniest things, especially when our cameras are around!
Seriously, how much bad t.v. can one person watch in one day? I am coming very close.
Slice of the Week BAY VIEW: ham, sweet peppers, and green onion! M!
my peaches from there also sucked, and I'm in Georgia!
Sometimes I clean out my freezer, climb in and pretend to be an eskimo.
#reasonsibeliebe : he is the most talented person i know(: cmon guys lets get #reasonsibeliebe to trend!
working the dance floor at the beach party...eye candy for days.
Always forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.
The bottom of my laptop gets warm when it's turned on. Waiting for the Consumer Reports exposé.
Ron Paul fires up crowd in Maple Grove! He is proposing to cut one trillion in one year.
chilling...how you doing
How about Victorville? ;)
At work, just ate an old tuna sandwich, and a half of cookie (other half unknown) Why did I do that?
I won't tell nick because I have no idea what this means! ;)
nice piece on artist Ron Mirello in current issue of City Beat from your pals at SD Home/Garden
Slogan for the Lybians: Gaddafi must go! 40 year of hell is enough!
I am currently compiling a list of people I would definitely punch in the face. PayPal me $1 for your copy & ensure your peace of mind.
Can I just say how much I love my father? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
That is very tempting. Who wants to join me? :) RT : Sit on our patio today for lunch and we'll buy you a drink!
Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry. ~Gloria Steinem
Either Sam Hurd just bought a ton of cocaine and spread it all over Chicago...or it snowed.
Oh, yes. Who do we talk to about that? Is there a council? Some sort of tribunal? A nap panel?
hey girl hey. miss you :)
dont tell me wat to do
God raise up messengers, like Paul, who build a grid in the church for prayer without ceasing. 1 Thes 5:17
It's times like this (live tweeting) that I regret being a terrible typist.
: You are a visionary! I'd so be down with that!
sent em to u bro.
Could you PLEASE help get followers? Theyre hosting a benefit concert for charity soon and are new to twitter.
All right Rolen! We need some runs!
What do you call a relief pitcher who cannot hold a lead?... No Holds Bard.
Oh, I'd LOVE to give it attention. What's it feel like to be fucked by a pierced cock or do you take the piercing out?
just let us know! We'll make sure you have a great time!
haha yes sounds like a plann :)
take a picture!
finally a day without homework thank god
"Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart."- William Wadsworth I love this quote as I am a HUGE fan of journaling...
“On some real sshit, chase your dreams. They’re so fast… Just when you think you’re about to catch up, they slip away.” - Nicki Minaj
Happy Bastille Day and Vive la France. Creator of all things beautiful.
I'm giving finding a real job one last shot first
Congratulations to Erica and Gaby, whose MA presentations set a standard! Next slate is scheduled for May 8, 6:30, Library
love your blog-- those dogs put a smile on my face:)
N O
today is also my little cousins Birthday he is 2
As much as I love the walk-off wins, I'd prefer they stop blowing leads
See them always as open and thus the doors shall be. Johni Redd
why go narrow?
I don't get it. Why would someone look for a random opponent on WWF and then resign after my second move?
so great having you home!
We are closed today! We will be back at the cart tomorrow.
Spent two hours with the guitar, working on these Ramones songs for The Roxy Suicide. What a workout! Think I'll watch a kung fu movie now.
So tired of my mom forcing to go to church EVERY Sunday.
Let's make #HappyBirthdayToOurFirstLady a TT
Rihanna and Chris Brown? What a joke.
Fiori's off West Liberty is very good. Same family at Warehouse Cafe in Bethel Park. Excellent even reheated.
whats your favorite sport or football team?
I've watched #flashpoint ALL DAY & I love it
So ready for Friday! MAM After Dark: run up to the runway
Loca reuniting time soon? June 3rd <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I already knew this about you.
. equates Twitter to Spaceballs and somehow makes it work.
#Knicks and #Rangers win.
I'm too loyal and too focused to be losing and be hopeless
when ur downloading porn + it takes 4ever, yr connection sucks. when ur uploading your novel & it takes a min, you just have so much to say!
Time for church && the gym.
LAS PALMAS WITH MY FRIENDS
Tim to John: I'm gonna hogtie you like a lil... like a lil salad.
I'm not sure. He got it back from school but idk if his parents let him have it
still writing and finishing
Buy stuff at wholesale clubs. ie: tires are cheaper at wholesale clubs than at chain or dealer stores
Just learned a new dance.its called the
Oden and Roy got hurt
Mythbusters just confirmed that doesn't f around on 376...was that a g6 or a spaceship
We should have had her come and document Web Slam this weekend.
there are just so many things to do at Tokyo!!
Is Will Ferrell going somewhere or am I missing something?
I JUST LEARNED CHASING THE SUN ON THE PIANO!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
What Does It Mean to Sell? Ask the U.S. Supreme Court - Huge implications for the pharmaceutical industry
been great fam. How bout you bro?
Imma Hit You Like A Ton Of Bricks No Renovation !!
Museums: what precautionary steps are you taking to prevent damage caused by Hurricane Irene?
#GOP DUCKING&HIDING from REAL JOURNALISTS b/c is AFRAID 2 tell America he 'stole' MILLION$ from Amer workrs&hid it n $wi$$ acnt$
I hope none of my friends get John Mayer tickets
#xeroxdrupa Less than 30 mins until the next special performance by du Soleil in hall 8b - Join us, you deserve a break
ha!... No need to be mean?
do you know who mikaylas best friends are at ICON?? :) and dont say everyone lol xD
Nothing is more beautiful than a smile that has struggled through tears.
Goin In Tonight w/ at
Hi everyone!
So sad!
On my last day of school is when I have the most exams to take.
Be kinder than necessary, live simply, Love generously, Care deeply, Speak kindly. Happy Holidays. May all u r wishes come true!!!
Amazing how words change - like "REFRESH" - now it is F5 on your keyboard instead of being re-energized for the day - I need my own F5 key
sweet dreams everyone :)
Today is 11/11/11 Happy Veterans Day. There's snow on the ground here whilst my hubby enjoys sunshine in Hawaii. Maybe shoulda gone w him!
I know... no need to go gorilla on me.
I feel some teens take their relationships WAY to seriously like i get the whole "in love" deal trust me i do
Homemade Kofta Kabobs by transferred into my homemade chicken noodle soup. Pretty decent trip to
i want P!atd tix from
Hey bro I sent you a couple e mails
It seems so anti-climatic to finally watch The Help since it took Netflix 6 months to send it my way.
:'( I miss you too cuzzo. I miss all of you guys :/
I have almost $100 to spend in LA :)
Get ready. Tomorrow is going to be a great day! A lovely #toptional day.
im the same way i cant sleep until the dishes are cleaned n clothes are put away..
DJ BANDIT 7 p.m. to Midnight. You will get a wide range of reggae tunes. log on to E2onair NY #1 - A REGGAE STATION MAKING A DIFFERENCE.
Everyone best be on their way to the beer garden.
when I am in search for new musics a couple of my first stops are and
Hating everything is overrated.
Watching in 13 Ghosts! Loves that movie!!!
Happy Birthday! Have a beautiful day! :)
The real decision is to levy the tax and issue bonds. Once bonds are issued, city can't turn back.
« So every body going to the zoo...»
What? Where!?
Gotye is jammed!!
are u coming to class?
I feel really old watching HNJ volleyball. It's legit been 7 years since I've played on this court.
Performed Ave Maria at grandparents 60th wedding anniversary. Became a Godmother and watched my grandparents renew their vows. Very moving!!
Hang in there!
of course!
I know it is a drive, but I have an opening on Saturday at 1:15pm (I'll pass along the living social deal to you) no joke!
My stupid DSi is dying (As in breaking) & I asked my mom for an Ipod touch & she said no. I hate being so stinkin poor!
YOU WON!
Sutra Lounge welcomes guest bartender Lauren Golay and DJ Kidd tonight for Sindustry Wednesdays, $7 You-Call-Its, and Penny 'Til You Pee!
25% of American kids under 6 are raised by at least one foreign born American. - Census via
I'm really excited! And that was mile 1, still had enough in me to run 2 more after!! Walked a little & still had 13:12 ave pace.
I know it sucks it really is a great show, it's all good tho it's like the last show I watch on network tv. Cable is better
“: Why waste your time you know you gonna be mine, you know you gonna be mine.”
Talkin bout practice! Not the game! Practice!
honestly what the fuck a test on the whole world tomorrow meanwhile i'm taking ap european history
60% of the time it works all the time.
When will I learn to wait the 2 seconds necessary before entering my conference call password?
Choreographing a "Go Away Rain" Dance Native American Style. Anyone is welcome to join in
Today in my music class My Name Is came on<U+2764>
i really didn't like april one bit. thank goodness may isn't being as harsh.
they come and go, at the end of the day we continue doing interviews! Lol! (insider)
Come see us for breakfast tomorrow... we open at 9 a.m!
It's okay. I've worn Depends since I was 23. You know, just in case.
I hate ants. Passionately.
Theory via is he went full-on A Scanner Darkly
thanks for the follow glad I met you
Beer, Burlesque, and Babe (the blue ox) party tonight at the Minnesota History Center! Woo!
This is a quiet study lab SHUT THE FUCK UP
Happy Easter to You too! It's been Beautiful!
Perhaps a few of our female officers did that today, but we haven't heard anything about it. RT : checked out chicks at UNM?
HAPPY GET SOME PIE DAY!
When learning theories interfere with each other, deeper learning occurs - D. Gibson's simSchool
Having a bad day? Follow his tweets will keep you laughing and wondering. Anticipating his next tweet? Follow Now! RT
Just braved #MillerMothInfestation2012 to see #SuperMoon! Too bad I can't have a margarita to celebrate w &
The forecast has shown rain, but so far it's been bright and sunny! Hurry up and get here!
All my nightmares escaped my head
Had a great weekend, made lots of connections, ate a lot, found some great items and had a ton of fun!
Yes! This mess is crazy
Time to get textual with tonight! We got our weekend stud hangin' too! 6-9-8-2-2 on your celly!
You're killin' me Smalls.
What's BA's twitter handle???? Guy is a trip!
As a player, the hardest part about season is that you have to live w/ what areas of your game you did or didn't improve during the summer.
Problem is, those investors only want to invest after Sundance. I'm doing something less glamorous - simple TV deals.
I like Lady Gaga, very creative, haha. :)
Umph... My local news anchor
RT : The beauty of failure is that it backs you into a corner and forces you to learn a valuable lesson that you......
I second this: “: another idea - City North? Lots of vacant space currently.”
is tweeting.. not going to ask... see ya
awww, well at least you always figure out a way to fix it. Keep double sided tape handy too..or duct tape! Lol
Why does every new band I check out sound like U2? What the hell is going on?
Follow on #Facebook, thanks!!! We are a private postsecondary school for Latinos/Hispanics... gracias!
Working with brians the best. He's real slow
Improved lung-cancer screening by combining blood test with CT imaging
Why Brands Need to Stay ‘On’ in a Digital World bit.ly/nXFGaY (via )
Tired. then vegas
GRAD SCHOOL in the fall!!
For real. Also, ppl are stepping forth as fans. I'm hosting a watch party for the PPV at the end of the month. You in???
I love
Glenn Beck told you these Protest where comming, why don't you give him that much,at least he has the whole picture 4 u 2 see.
lol (: I know I'm getting all these replays -__-
Margaret Mitchell
I am not above drinking caffeine past 7.
I left aside my #Kindle after using text-to-speech to proofread. 15 mins later it went on power save saying "Screensaver."
A Smile creates another Smile. A Smile is the first step for Humor to be possible" --Alex Port
is the 30 day number accurate?
thank u 4 the encouraging words & song. It was lovely. I hope to continue my studies as long as I can. How r u doing these days?
#sxsw is beautiful thing. Sleep well friend!
And I'll go back to sleep and wake back up around noon...like clockwork
so was it any good? WT EDITOR SARA is/was #reading The Bell Jar by Sylvia Plath, about "depression & such. how emo do I sound?"
hahaha exactly! I should put a sticker on my car saying I think we should castrate arrogant morons like him! :)
idk. I want to do something. But i have contact aptmnt tomorrow at 12
Feeling super productive today!
finally found a McDonald's with shammy shakes
Group project - A project in which you are forced to do all of the work of the lazy students that the professor decided to group you with.
If you haven't done so, give a look-see. www.thewritelifeshow.com
yes it is lol
Thank you for the follow! We watched a couple of pie sessions, so jealous. WANT TO BE IN VAN
Last Night and Tonight Attended Two Opening Receptions for the World Reknown Art Basel Art Fairs- BaseTents and Arts for Better World @ SOHO
Mike Leigh's latest film, Another Year, is profound and heartbreaking. My favorite film this year and my favorite film of his.
just saw your tweet from forever ago- thanks! I'll check it out!
So True! RT : #Libra is easily hurt but recovers quickly.
Andre 3000 features are ridiculous
Is It True Peace Died....
Newsroom Blog | Kris Allen Talks New Music, Shares 'American Idol' Secrets
Amen RT : Thoughts n prayers go out to the Navy Seals. True heroes
Another #Drupal multi-lingual site gotcha learned: make sure to auto transliterate words with accents in URL paths.
I will make sure the folks of San Francisco will be happy to live here ,and that includes the 12,000 homeless
We love Actors!
Lmao Gabby is crazy!!!
listened 2 your pod, SP who yet 2 break out/ good value 4 Royals n future, H. Bailey, Morrow, Nolasco, Bedard come to mind
Fashionably late?
I miss my boy he has been coming in 2nd to school and that will change tomorrow!!
'Okay Stephen, so there's four downs, and they have to get ten yards...'
Unless you're getting paid to promote their name, or are a model, don't wear name brands outside your gear.
Now following u back....
Thank you. You too!
I have something for you guy. Pancakes? no. waffles? no. mcdonalds? no. go away. its not food. goo awaayyy
At the parks mall chilling
Merry Christmas! My daily prayer for you = a Life of Heaven-On-Earth: Perfect Health+Protection+Prosperity+Happiness+Companionship! Love You
5 years- $110 million for Matt Cain, what? Wow, Hamels and Lincecum owe you a big thank you. They will get bigger deals.
western half of US
Knew something was wrong with that chick. She just wanted a baby. I am NOT the one.
Got new highlights
hahha she was my inspiration for sure.
I am the curator of my mind.
Wish it was on Saturday..... but Happy National Picnic Day! What's your favorite picnic foods?
Stop texting me
I just followed on here. I'm hungry.
Never tried Greek yogurt - is it sour?
Not sure about this one, actually. He seems to have wings. Maybe he was designed by the gods themselves to be shirtless?
ha my bad
Good luck John.
AGREED HONEY BOO BOO CHILD!!!
AW!!!!! TWITCAM'S HAVING TECHNICAL DIFFICULTIES AND I CAN'T WATCH THE LIVE CHAT NOWW!! :( Can anyone please give me a shoutout to her??
lmao they always pick the one that everyone else hates and say "i see a diff him/her" till the wedding is canceled
is proud of Dead Parrots Society who won CIF's College Improv Tournament last night Fantastic performances across the board.
#HockeyMeans a rough, tough, rock em, sock em, action sport for (us) hard-working middle class people. Never a dull moment in hockey!
That awkward moment when and i are the only kids in student council who aren't going to prom.... Good thing we're juniors not ...
This is one of many examples to Austin to realize how much we love him :}.
providing more ear-gasms than a box of Q-tips
my blog
“: lmao seriously? you're late” fuck u and ur itunes
we are now rollin' w/Google Analytics REAL TIME (beta) for all of our sites. awesomeness.
Well yes. RT David Beckham is a good looking man.
Not Your Average Luxury Home For Sale In Rockwall - double sink vanities
Congrats! RT : ...Closed a deal with TACA Airlines. Will be making 4 trips to Chile...producing a conference in Santiago 2013!
Fuck mark cuban
. I have long been a fan of Elena, thanks to ! So happy you featured her, her style is so effortlessly chic!
Ok Redskins, let's not be stupid for the next 3 days.
#personalFowl roughing the turkey, 15 yard penalty, re-eat first round.
I would make a great incubus
I had a Dark Chololate w/ Bacon...insanely good!!!“:
In other news, apparently Anonymous made good on their threat to blow up Facebook. Or maybe I'm just being locked out because I'm a git.
lool okay, I'l figure something out! Let me know. I miss Disney World!
On that note it seems that I have some pretty amazing friends that actually care about me enough to try and comfort me :)
Retainer, old man shoes, and shorts that make me look like I have a really bad camel toe. Let's go school.
my legs hurt, my personal trainer kicked my butt last night at the gym
"Game of Thrones" RT : best title sequence ever? domestic or foreign. tv or film. go.
Jay, get off the computer, the 2012 national champs are playing right behind you
bhahahahaha so many lolz WHAT A HOOKER!!!!
back from #nyigf and all i can think about is #nss. great to see everyone and looking forward to may!
The Guardian: "Few things sum up the pre-recession madness [like an under-21-y/o] footballer paid £5m for three volumes of autobiography"
OPENING DAY! #Mets vs #Braves at Citi Field. 1:10 PM 1st Pitch Temp: 53. Sunny sky. Have the sunglasses and spring jackets. Let's Go Mets!
fruit ninja = me addicted
lol idk cause some shows are scripted but it looks like it's gonna be good either way
aint u dat girl off da taco bell commercial?
So excited to go to Lambeau tomorrow and see the W in person! Go pack go!
As soon as I go home, I'm hitting up BDUBZ
COME HOME
gay marriage in Maryland, soon
The rumors are true! We'll be there in September!
These high school confessions? Omg.
Y'all so bada** you're making up new concepts. Everybody get their #BalletTime on!
not quite. The core cost on a 4L60E is $350, so that is what is charged if a customer is unable to return that core.
HAHAHAHA i love this woman.
Take my advice if you're rocking a Quasimodo look like me don't use the 360 camera online, you're just asking for trouble.
2morrow 3/22 we will be serving in Berry Hill on Bransford & W Iris fm 11-130.Come on by and see us!
RT : starts in 15 minutes!! Don't miss it.
well see if I'm about that life tonight?! I want to go see that new movie with my wife Ms. Good!!!
Some days there's just not enough coffee...
bb cream can be worn alone as it will even out skin, reduce the appearance of pores etc or as a primer under foundation
I love how tiny my grandma is small dainty thing ^.^
S/O to my new follower
Having flashbacks from the trip with my brother several months ago! We shall see how tomorrow goes!
At the end of our lives ... we all ask, <U+FFFD>Did I live? Did I love? Did I matter?<U+FFFD>
i dont wanna just tell me
Hanging in there in on #Friday the 13th
#BeforeIGetMarried you cannot be borderline a 'pretty good cook"...either Know or learn
Found few A drive discs, too. They're even funnier looking than the older floppies.
I was a beverly fan RT : and Last year I was a Vicki and Beverly fan.
I'm gon need a son asap lol
Only if she can pour whiskey on you! RT : - Can I have the stool next to ?
I NEED AN A&R
this saturday at
Agreed. But I like comparing them at all. Perhaps a Lincoln/Vampire Hunter-style mashup is in order
Hmm. Maybe I do need to check myself before I wreck myself. Hehe.
don’t have too many of the same thing accent elements in a room, like a wood stain or an accent color
Apropos of Nothing :: 'Statler & Waldorf' are the names of both ornery balcony hecklers from original 'Muppet Show'... lp
Yes! And coincidentally I'm now drinking Honig Sauv Blanc with a Thai salad at J. Alexander's in Chicago. A great summer sip
You are a little girl Betty.
Eat your heart out Thierry Henry on that goal by Darlington Nagbe. Timbers rewarded for making him the No. 10. Great finish. Class.
started with wes helms
#TeamBlake all the way!!!!!
so yesterday during a sesh i dropped the blunt and the cherry of it fell on my chair so wen i put my leg down i burned a whole in my leg FML
Launched in 1977, Voyager 1 is a mere 16 light HOURS from earth.Nearest star Alpha Centauri A is 4.37 light YEARS from earth.Cosmos is HUGE!
Got to love PR professionals convos on ethics! Topic: "Added value"
: Sending u a big welcome to Twitter Ewan. You are the sweetest guy & inspire me & others with your charity work.
On International Volunteer Day, we thank all of our wonderful volunteers! You are terrific partners in the CRJ mission.
I'm bout to throw some Purell on this bitch ass........it stank
Cool! I've been great/tired...poundin' out these edits cos I got a full request on my unicorn story! Due in on 6/1. :o)
if anyone can tell.. i'm trying to follow back all the simpsonizers following me :p its taking quite a while, but ill get to you.
NF MIGHT SEE YA THERE TONITE
We are doing it again this year!!! Booking ticket soon. Save me a spot on the boat
RT if you are a leo
I am so tired of being taken for granted. :-(
you're that dude brotha.
well stand up then aha :D
Hell yeah bro. You still at work?
Hi Bill, received your book today via EO, thanks so much! Can't wait to dive in. Looks promising. Congrats.
Thanks for following!- , , ,
Got like five minutes into the first episode of Bored To Death, decided Ted Danson smoking weed was too weird for me.
just a heads up you two are sending out some spam.
aw, how are you ?
Social media: not a sales tool, a quick fix, a news feed, or a fast friend.
Thanks Have a great day at Destination ImagiNation tournaments!
Unwrapped a whole bunch of tech gadgets at work today--Mac Book Pros, netbooks, portable dvd players, headphones, etc.
Just shot an entire performance by with a polarizer on and didn't even realize it. Must say the #MkIII is an amazing camera.
When no one text you back
OH: In the 1940's and 50's people would fight ALL THE TIME. They didn't talk about their feelings first, they brawled then talked.
Repost away, friend! We'd be honored
follow back?(:
Are you coming to First Friday? Stop by and support one of our fav causes. Open bar, snow and a fab DJ. Plus, fabulous company!
Glad it's not too often - thanks for getting the word out!
It's like they sat around a table, passed around the bong and tried to ANALYZE while being high!!!
Did you know that we're open until 7pm? Stop down some evening after work.
Holy crap... Anthony Bennett just committed to #UNLV This weekend just gets better and better!
Props to for winning The Voice!!!
It's bad when a straight club has better music than a gay one...ridic!
have you lost your mind?! :)
I will be there in an hour.
“: Big East just extended an invite to the Sorbonne.”
So Gnex is that much of a game changer?
We're working on it as fast as we can!! Thanks for the feedback!
Only one good fountain in the whole school near the garbage
I sent ya another one
Glad I decided not to go to the #Pirates game tonight. Only thing worse than the Pirates would be watching them in cold rain.
agreed was a pleasure meeting you. :-)
first game Jc has ever won.
My hummingbirds are out today :)
Everone I left asap and I'm now at sub focus middle far left...one
please tell me he went yard?
not lying you are the liar
Honestly I really don't think black girls need to wear make up. And that's the #NaturalTruth Ruth. <U+270C>
You will enjoy it!
Thanks, Jeremy! Glad you enjoyed it! great presentation at umbc! Definitely feel more prepared for secondary education.
Did not have the goggles in the preview. But now I hope one of the other contestants pokes him in the eyes.
#nce11 teaching is not a revolving door for bright amateurs
Awesome "Local Boys" reference during the beaver game.
HELLO INDIANAPOLIS
I'm thinking I need a blackberry next upgrade
On my way to work -___- I would be soo much happier if I loved my job, thats why I will continue to pursue Modeling I love Modeling! :)
": Right about now..." The funk show brother right about now
lol I got "Kelly is made of honey, Instrumental, and mistrusting. With a dash of fanfiction." #RANDOM :D
After finally watching THE ROOM, I'm a little baffled. Yes, it's hilariously terrible, but I've seen much worse. Why so much of fan base?
RT : The only reason I watch boxing is in hopes that a hockey game breaks out.
#Teamfollowback Don't forget to mention Twitter or FB & receive 15% off your purchase(excludes tobacco products, herbal incense & Kratom)
got a call this morning at 5AM from Syria or at least that is what the 963 country code was. Would not have answered regardless of the time.
Doesn't everybody start on the Beatles, Zeppelin, Stones, Hendrix and Sabbath highway?
What r u doing... Where u What's ur plans for ltr...
I'm coming back there to lay down. And put my feet all over y'all
thank you. You too.
2012 will be a great year. Why? I graduate with my masters and get to go to Europe for five weeks.
I think is one of the best friends on twitter. She's been through so much in life. Yet she keeps her head up. I love her.
OMG HAHAGAHAHAH that is brilliant
not gonna lie. I take pride in finding trends before everyone else does. :)
wow... Stealing that one.
Talking mom into letting me get my septum done, yeeeaaah.
I'm done with the first year. Three more to go!
no science fair- but u could bring it back- if u let them be rebels:)
Wow #SKYSCAPER has moved up in iTunes so fast! Love the song!!!
I saw that story today. Congrats on the great honor for the Angus clan.
met with two members of Congress yesterday regarding our event inside the Capitol with DC foster youth.. New date will be confirmed today!
Most of the shadows of this life are caused by our standing in our own sunshine. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
You're welcome; we've been having more outages — the log shows cyberattacks. China, Arab world, Indonesia, Brazil — the usuals.
i don't care what anyone says, KG is the man. i love his intensity.
If you wanna build your love up, put your hate down.
Happy Friday!
Hope you had fun judging this week with the MAO!
maybe we'll run into you this time!
Thanks for everything!
Make sure you kiss your mommy and daddy today and tell them how much you love them!
I'm trying to do body shots at this rave
you forgot to remind me to give you my JB posters
didn't they kind of do that with meridien? If I remember right you couldn't use any of your old abvb media.
I'm readin a book on how to get rich...
TK: In Houston, if you plant a "Y" tree, it will grow!
I've supported Sarah Palin, Hank Williams Jr, the Dredded Packers & the most liberal state around all in the same week. A bit too much? :-)
What is your email?
11 hairs to tie and the Marilyn Monroe will will be done! /celebrate
Official Summer Jam 2012 Cypher (happening ON STAGE AT THE EVENT) will be sponsored by yours truly. Stay tuned for more details.
whats going on tonight bro
We love you.
Took every drop of energy to NOT punch this raver with a kony sticker yelling on the streetcar
My iPhone autocorrected bachmann to 'Bach annoying'...just saying.
Conspiring with and Hahaha.
sent the remix! did you get it??
aw hell
a lot of 1D fans have said that
this mufu*ka got all the time in the world to talk to everybody but me...fu*k ya!!!
Those are some hot shelves! Now fill them with hot typography and design books!
Trippin off my nigga and we on that good life
true. When yo black ass coming back
great review! Thanks, hadn't thought about that movie in awhile.. missed any biblical themes, enjoyed the breakdown
I don't know why I didn't choose to get a bdubs or a qdoba gift card
Which is better at describing a community of kids, parents and elders: "intergenerational" or "multigenerational?"
Followingback “ Follow back :D”
so wimpy I did not go to Billy Goat-how many did you fit in Tavern?
Day one house and dog sitting... Set off the alarm when you arrive and spill a bottle of corn syrup on the floor.
I just realized that I would much rather buy a new MAC desktop than a car.
hahah but you're blonde!
Sending you good thoughts on finishing one of them!
Your past does not determine your future. Keep going - God has a plan for you. ~ Dr. Tony Evans
QUESTION!!!! CAN NON MEMBERS BUY PUFFLE HATS???
A Racine alderman is accused of choking & striking a pregnant woman. I'll have more on the story on Ten at Ten.
I wonder how many will fall in the wake of the Great Pujols Drought
C'mon Crew ! This is the game we've been waiting for 29 years
And you think I'm dumb. RT : Oh not that Phil Simms
Those who cannot forgive others break the bridge over which they themselves must pass. -Confucius RT
Looks like we are playing "they might not be" Giants next weekend. I am really going to enjoy sending them home in despair. Go PACK!
especially when we're in the field with no bathrooms, or showers !
Many people die with their music still in them
Andrew, your site is such an awesome reference point for blogs
Mark Quigley w/excerpt from evangelical Lutheran church of America features boy on path to serial killer
i want some chocolate covered strawberries, y'all.
There are no strangers here; Only friends you haven't yet met. - William Butler Yeats
-_- Not Now
Help your team understand the "why" so they can help you with "how."
BIEBER FEVER is around my whole class the girls all singin baby&somebody 2 love at de same time gotta join in (I love u justin)
K, imma talk to you soon :) i will miss you? hahaha mwah!
Equinox, NY State Department Of Labor Unemployment Insurance Division, & NYS Division of Employment & Workforce Solutions...
not anymore.
Awesome news, Andy!
Yes! I worked with for years. They are awesome. I'll send you contact info...
Sorry, Thong Number
well, what if I took off the shirt?
Can't get Katy perrys firework out of my head.
I need for the other grown person in my house to understand he is just that GROWN!
Ikr, its kinda late anyway…so I guess I will write an post! ;)
Happy Friday! What are you up to this weekend?
FUCKING THANK YOU. Finally someone that actually knows what they're talking about when it comes to the Avengers.
they know it Rob, "just way too much work to handle vital affairs"! #stop being dumb
I'm trying hard not to see me when I am sleeping.
LMAO that shit so sad, bruh. They play with yo' emotions, man
Don't let other people stop you from going after your dreams! Even if you live them.
Had the pleasure of a conversation with the delightful this morning. Thanks for the intro!
NBA is back baby!
Yeah, it was actually a legitimate question, but said it was because Tonto wasn't a Ranger. Makes sense
You are wassup, Florence!
YEP! & I'll b very clear again, I'm NOT refer'g 2 all Christians, only them that use it 2 hurt others, lest II b falsely accused:/
Holy Shit almost set the WHOLE house on fire.......maybe they won't notice
"There is always a certain peace in being what one is, in being that completely." - Ugo Betti
#20ThingsAboutMe; 15. It really annoys me when people can't tell I'm being sarcastic.
I agree with Jordan & Jeff #bb13 Big Brother is not the Rachel Show
If you don't see yourself as a winner, then you cannot perform as a winner-- Zig Ziglar
oh man I bet, but I'm sure she forgot about it instantly and knew u were just trying to take care of her
Thank you!
Fletcher "Heatley's been a star for us. Dany's scored a lot of big goals for us and been strong defensively. "
oh no =( im sorry hm what type of work are you interested in?
where I wanna be by donelle jones
Today in Blues History: Nov 4, 1991, Bobby "Blue" Bland inducted into Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
just dedicated "The Bloodiest Gum" to all the #TinyGiants in the room!
thanks me too!
Turn of the Screwdriver
way to go dbacks
Who on twitter lives near buffalo?
“: (615): Remember how I haven't seen my step sister in like 7 years? Pretty sure I just made out with her...”. Wtf???
Will we be seeing you tonight at our Fall Meetup?
Great show tonight!
sleep. tomorrow's my last day of school for the week since im going to ny again this friday.
Every once in a while, when bored, you just start plucking freakishly long eyebrow hairs, right? Back me up here people!
This Chicago vs 76rs Gm 4 is tight right now !!!
I miss you. Nah I'm just being sarcastic. I can drink beer without you monitoring me. Sincerely, Boyfriend
Modernist Journals Project now on Twitter!
Young angels if hate us tell us burn in heaven. (:
I was born in Bamf to be honest. But they exported me because I was to big of a Bamf
Remember when Leighton Meester was a singer?
“: lol. WHA!? Dude next to me has a small dog inna bag at the conference. #ICSF” should bring the dog up on stage
“I never expect to lose. Even when I’m the underdog, I still prepare a victory speech.” - H. Jackson Browne
Superior Plus Corp. Announces 2012 First Quarter Results and an Expansion of Its Hydrochloric Acid Capacity
Great sentiment!
Music causing an out of body experience right now. :P
Nice to meet you!
Spencer:"How's school?" Sam:"I don't remember or care.". lol
Yesterday was a great day with friends. Today is time to enjoy the weather.
<3 thank you!
#ff she's consistently funny and usually inappropriate
Thanks! Kudos go to for that.
The power of God can be conducted through cloth and handkerchiefs, but God prefers to use people like you and me.
I'm askin if you know what bills I have that are still going to your moms house so I can change my address for them.
hahaha I wish! lol I need to find the rest of the season (:
I am a experience home remodeling contractor working with great kitchen designer.
Do you overshop to project an image of wealth and power? Learn how to stop: www.stoppingovershopping.com
Fascinating (not unexpected though) that just about every single week of my college security degree, ethics enters the picture.
Batch edit is something I very much hope we can include in v3; that's the current goal. I think tones should be "bring your own"
Google homepage is quite good fun today, if you fancy a strum :).
Psst, do it by next week & you'll get a sweet window cling & maybe win football tix!
I can't stand myself at all.
Free shipping for gift shop orders now through September 23rd
YOUNG PHAT 4 PRESIDENT MIXTAPE COMIN SOON!!! CHECK OUT THE NEW SINGLE "GETTIN IT" ON YOUTUBE!!! MIGHTY MPIYA BUSINESS!!!
:Not most used terms 2 identify thmslvs, but Hispanic or Latino been used @ some point by all respondents-Pew Natl Survey Latinos
I love that style, where was it found, hand done or font family?
tell Chris McCarrell I say hiya. I love Bloody Bloody Old Hickory
Thanks for the follow! There...may....be a keg...in the gahhrahhge
I completely agree with you Adam.Rad and Kost. need to be taught a lesson about TEAM for all players to come.Rad was overhyped.
break beat RnB is my favorite
For I know the plans I have for u, declares the LORD, plans to prosper u & not to harm u, plans to give u hope & a future. - Jeremiah 29:11
Tplush with a huge steal! Let's see another walk off W tonight
i wish i could sleep. tomorrows gonna be GARBAGE
Free show tonite at Blue Nile in Nola!! Zero Dialect and Xdefinition!
7am yoga tomorrow. if i post it on twitter i have to go...
we talked about wat?? :o but sorry dude ://
I need a partner, what's Steve up to these days, he'd look great in a cycling hat walking around the store.
playing in 3 musicals this month...one down, two more to go. so excited!
: new track out by Orbital... First one in a while? I'm into it.
#followalibrarian: 'cause it's a non-profit working to get eContent into libraries!
I'm surprised you didn't say "wow really wow" =p
Very excited to head to #fye2012 in San Antonio tomorrow--any advice for a first-timer?
So excited!!
This is super exciting! I highly recommend Star Cast Auditions for aspiring actors! They're awesome! :)
atleast your heads not popping out..! lol
Starting Ken Burns' Civil War 5-DVD set right now!
Aging in America: Seniors start feeling a loss of self worth & don't want to be a burden. #linkAges aims to find solutions for this
Tavist Smiley and Cornell West /Frick and Frack have had it out for the POTUS since he won off.
Check out Google's homepage today. It is really cool!!!
- Haha. Yeah I just don't like it very much. I never saw anything special with it.
haha did Krista hijack your account?
Amazing how far and fast broadband and wireless technology has developed since 1996 Telecom Act passed. I worked on 1st spectrum auctions.
One of my original text posts on Tumblr has 3 notes. I feel Tumblr famous xD
The love that we're making is so amazing
Apparently we have offended these officials.
love the new web site! It's hot!!!
Glad you enjoyed it!!
Keep it short. Buddy Media showed that posts with 80 characters or less received 27% more engagement.
Goodnight Alex<3
Am I the only one that hates hipster tumblrs?
Bealefeld: 50% arrested for murder, 50% arrested for shootings, 65% arrested for armed robbery have prior gun charges.
I miss tweeting here. Waah. But I found the password, so you know. Things are good.
There are three signs of old age: loss of memory ... I forget the other two. ~ Red Skelton
RT : The moon is as full and bright as a new dollar. Get out to your lodge meetings, brethren, and Ride that Goat! OH1888
And tonight I'm on the brown like Bobby is
My pastel drawing looks pretty dang good so far! Lolz
OMG ! Guys ! Thank you for support ! And if someone need my help ! Just You can tell me Guys !
Hey ! I've been good, just keeping busy. How about you? Are you still at McNally?
what does Kentucky have to do with it?
Just when I thought this work week couldn't get better...it now will involve and some tater tots before it ends.
That's actually oddly comforting! I feel like my brain has been checked out for weeks, but it's time to reengage.
In '09 nearly 80% of people with disabilities were unemployed
I see little upside to this era of "news & analysis." The adversarial set-up, obvious sophistry, ignorance of the talking heads.
I'd way rather still be in bed watching cartoons & eating breakfast with over working this stupid job
Is even old enough to drink here yet? ;)
#ireallywant to be tan.
Preparing simple, easy #snacks for the week on sunday helps. This week =hummua & carrots, string cheese & apples. Next week crackers &cheese
Excellent movie...Well Done! Go Red Tails!
"ain't no rest for the wicked..."
Praying about what I really WANT to do in life. The more I pray, the more I realize it's whatever God has for me.
he annoyed me on charmed
The first rule of fight club, is you don't talk about fight club.
yeah right!
I think they lose too...but by 5. I kind of wish nobody would pick them
the education connection commercials are the most annoying commercials on TV hands down.
My phone battery can last longer than most relationships these days
Sanjay Joshi: map of location of historic to present Seattle genomics players; a small community
"I wanna touch the earth,I wanna brake it in my hands"-cowboy take me away<3
I hate when people do or see or even hear things and they act like its brand new but actually it be old as hell #extraLate lol
summary appointment from all the tests tomorrow. Hoping for some answers!
| We'll keep our eyes peeled.
vagina busters
Quality haircuts even when your budget sucks
Hectic and busy day. Loving it!
Explosions in the sky
Don't let some good pass u by
thanks Jessica!
gotta feeling my party finna be live
It's offically saturday... I get to see the most awesome person that lives on earth in about 9 hours! #cantwait #causewereinlove :)
Cuddling up in bed ASAP.. Thinking about my love :) sweet dreams twitter folk..
Brother called to tell me about MCA & we swapped Beastie tales. Like he said, it feels all wrong Adam Yauch is gone. RIP & thanks.
Full house for the game at Whiskey Tango!! Fun night with the game and the unplugged show later!
thanks Joseph! :))
! Just what the end of Monday demands.
I feel you. When time change, so do a few friendships.
my guy Deion looking Klean in the avi now that's swagg
I love that takes time to tweet her peeps(;
We are still on track for highs in the 80s and sunshine this coming weekend! How will you enjoy it?
Thanks for the #FF love Have a lovely weekend!
Lol my moms mean, she told my cousin to take me back to Virginia with her and bring me back when summer's over with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Using my tweets from et al.'s #Latour panel from #4C12 to cite them... hm... how to reference...
Xmas Tweets: Dad just notified my wife that she has a white spot on her left cheek (the inappropriate one).
First person to tweet 2 breweries participating in this year's Beer Lovers Fest wins a 4-pack of opening day Summerfest tix!
mitt romney would cut all safety net programs that help people who lost their jobs & homes during the bush fiasco & use Same FAILED policies
I want a mcchicken add bacon n cheese light mayo!
lol I just noticed n I was like wtf? lol and im go lame n do ma hw :/ I got sick yesterday I had a fever :/ so
Waking up at 5 am for sticktime. Here we go.
and sometimes it really really sucks why you going threw it
RT 6am coffee,cookie , shake,gonna be a perfect Fit Kit day. Brother. HH
where are you all going
if u follow me I'll die.. much love<33
I want to learn French
9:30am and already pumped for my steamy night with at
where you guys staying at ?
i have a new phone! DM me your number!
"Social Media is the new neighborhood."
;) that's another Smiths quote from the song Panic - Hang The Blessed DJ!!!!!
where r u going to watch it
news was already out there. Easy to find. Google it.
I is sorry that I had I clean my room <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
New goal in life, now that Jim Bob and I have both moved to KC, I need to become his wingman. Someone find me a Facebook page or a phone #
Rocky I is a great movie
Here I am
good, I'm coming swimming
this is gonnas be a great battle
Yes...I was supposed to Go to this game and decided not to..why
thank you! If we don't have dwill I'm jumping ship.
I am so happy!
To make a Beastie Boys tribute mix right now is hella trendy. DJs should have been playing those records all along.
Who said beautiful woman be the worst is a dayyumm lie ! Ugly bitches can be just as evil or worst . They got some fucking nerve -_-:
Have I mentioned this before - #ATT is the worst company, biz or personal, I have ever dealt with.
thanks! Hopefully Drew's not too tired and grumpy from staying up all night at chick fil a!
Wonderful meeting you last night and thank you for posing for photos.
Thank you for the love!
Thanks BK! Hope all is well with you, man.
Manchester City does it again. Three goals in 20 minutes... 1 more to go in 5 minutes to qualify, great game .
Today's Birthdays: Actress Zoe Wanamaker is 63. Singer Stevie Wonder is 62. Basketball Hall of Famer Dennis Rodman is 51.
We need more interactive admins, message me if interested. thnx.
Live and Die in LA. It wasn't a good thing though haha
Emerging Behaviors: people, brands, and how we work.
Favorite part of my morning bus ride: catching the same bus as the grandfather taking his 4 grandchildren to elementary school.
Marriage is spiritual, so why do people seek it thru means of the world?God ordained marriage, why seek a husband/wife like the world does?
love and be left.
lmfao I hadn't noticed! Of course lol, I work in the afternoon but we can go study in the morning.
the movie starts at 10p thursday. Yall live near eachother right?! What theatre is closest to yall?
The things people say.. On the Internet..
lmaolmao of course.
Human? Uber? Ayatollah?
Had a great Meet the BBJ in Annapolis today. Great feedback from readers
I am praying for your family, Nick. I am so sorry for your loss. :(
Y U NO FOLLOW ME ;[ ? I LUV YOU !! FOLLOW ME ZAYN I LOVE UU !!! SO SO SO SO SO SOO MUCH ;D <U+2764>
Today is NEW Lutheran and Wrightstown. Tomorrow is Rattlers all day.
right? :-) I def know that feeling :-)
I guess I pushed one of those buttons. I just have to be careful what I say now on Facebook.
All I remember is the sound. Uh oh.
oh ok xD I was confused. I love the nude color as well. And all the eyeshadows are really pretty.
My 1999 high school campaign: Know straws? No straws.
Waiting for him to wake up while with tori(:
Just because the tag says Bebe that does not automatically mean it's cute! - Lauren Correa
We're open today til 8pm...PS --- X107.5 is doing a live broadcast from 3-5pm today at 7411 West Lake Mead..... Lots of tastings going on!
#watching #SouthBeachTow on #trutv It's my new no. 1 show to watch on tv
Thanks for following us!
If Denver doesn't want tebow, I bet Florida would take him back.
Month of Febuary Pro V 1's and PRO V1 X on sale $36.99/dz Nike Drivers $144.99 Full Beg. Sets w/bag $199.99 includes 10 buckets
just a streak of misfortune
no i dont gabby fr fr . Chill all that out . You told everyone in pe i liked him .
At our Westminster, MD Camp we will have Derrick Mason with Lardarius Webb, Haruki Nakamura, and Ben Grubbs scheduled to appear so far!
Party down for Chinatown. At fundraiser - Georgetown
idunno, what do you ?
": The Bible never says "Figure it out" but over and over it says "Trust God." He's already got it all figured out!"
By Rush's reasoning, most Americans are sluts. We all pay for sex in one way or other, maternity leave, treatment of STDs, vaccines, etc.
Hey bf! There's room for our sissy pooh now. Someone backed out.
yes you are! and #rad!
Wow. Houston as a city has its own WiFi. Slick!
: see you all tonight!
Def party rock!
Classy Sunday--Spent a wonderful afternoon at Torrey Pines Lodge Taste of the Craft; a classy event of food, farms and California wines.
That's okay - I forgive you. ;-)
:) RT Thanks for the follow Trade your clothes for something new...to you! Such a great idea!
Austin goes for girls that are fun, makes him laugh, and has pretty eyes. (:
damn man, what kinda regimen you got going on for your traps? I gotta get on that. And where do you go tanning? Lol
RT : RICH Tip - Take 3 minutes each morning, eyes closed, focus on breathing, and 'see' all of the things in your life you...
be there I'n a minute
Entry Fee $675.00 2012 Contestants Will Receive After Entry Fee Is Paid Rhinestone Crown Custom Sash
Dick Vitale talking live during game about his gift basket... WOW...!!
It was the longest most amazing days ever being on set with
doesn't understand twitter
just got done watching the last episode of WOWP; Awesomesauce!!! really great ending for the series
And when you think you like it, I promise you gon' love it
aw that sux. Hopefully your fam can make it up when you get home! Congrats on great yahoo scoop too
My left IT band is incredibly tight this morning. Taking this is as a sign to not workout today.
So tired!
I think i love you..
Oomf keeps me happy.... Its weird in a good way :-)
RT #Tornado advisory in effect for #Tokyo & surrounding area.
I can't handle this game.
to all my #followers Add me on facebook.com/titoreppin4richyandmono
Even though your birthday is in 2 months, doesn't mean I can't start writing and making you a card you'll never forget! :D
79 year old veteran gets Citi loan mod approval after several declines using #Save Your Home book principles get your copy today on Amazon
i aint been on here for a min
It's an interesting post, though oddly limited in describing what's actually being done in classrooms.
Headed uptown. Hope I drink so much I fall into a coma.
Miss already
Tim Duncan can play on my team anyday
Provide contact info etc and I will include in list offered to book groups
Victorian home, contemporary taste, I can do that
Anyone know a good place to watch Breaking Bad online? Need episodes 1-4 in season 4. I miss Walt and Jesse
“: Yes, I COULD go to your meeting this afternoon, but I'd rather get something done instead.”
How do u not get #kevindurant the ball everytime down the court! Straight beast
Big Apple Bagels with the girls <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
could I drop you a quick line on an exclusive story about a new multiplayer game?
Sometimes i just don't get it
tonight, we are young//.
Watching Monday Night #RAW with my son is fun tonight!
When you are down to nothing, God is up to something.
So far nobody has came through my #openhouse, but on the bright side it is beautiful out.
Love how always brings it...
you're here...
yes of ActionMan Adam or whatever. hope you'll consider it one of these FCBD because that would be awesome!
I feel so much less alone now. "Scientists estimate there are at least 1.5 million ants on the planet for every human being"
Kya! I just saw the cutest little ducklings xD
Congratulations to the Boone Co. Lady Rebels. Tough loss in the 1st round. Great season Ladies!
It means there's a possum living in your kitchen...
While tempting, I'm going to stay in today to finish a project.
Nomar was part of the segment?!----the guy who sulked on the bench back in 2004 against the yanks in that epic game....ironic.
thanks little bro for the support , when u coming back to the ATL ?
Join us Saturday, April 28th for a tree planting event in Bolton Hill. Meet up at the Fitzgerald Park 10am @ Wilson Street & Bolton Street
LOL YEAH IT DOES BUT I'M GOING TO TRY TO BE ON MORE
Shut. Your. Ass.
phew you scared me. Don't do that! Yeah my dad took care of it a while ago :) Cuz its kinda hard to do from Barcelona!
ReTweeting Poised Creation might increase your lifespan! ;)
Ciao for now. Have a beautiful weekend!
ayee . i miss you too. i cant even think of da last time i seen YOU lol . can u ?? haha
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>“: ugh it's the left I just made a large purchase for my vehicle <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>”
Shout out to our family & for 23 YEARS of BREAKING RECORDS!!!! Congrats!!!!!
I might pee my pants!!!
I'd reverse, through the legs, 360, off the back board, slam on you if I was coming in this weekend
you are my heaven. <3
Is Sharon going to play outside in the middle of a corn field? That's how it goes in my dream.
When will it be on I-tunes Jon? keep up the great work!
I Just NOW got a twitter
I am going to try Qwest instead of Comcast for high speed internet in Denver. I will be reporting back. Oh yes..
FOLLOW ME AND ILL GIVE YOU A TURTLE(;
Happy Birthday to my good friend and roomate !! Please follow him so he feels like less of a failure.
very good observation, we will remove the ones we reposted so as to not confuse the voters/likers....
Jonathon Brandmeier is back on the air in Chi-town to do mornings on WGN-AM. Viva Johnny B!
sorry, no recommendation made
great job on todays live "big chop" at Natural girls Rock!
bad kids
ah! Not sure but condos might be creepy!
Good fan, you are. Much support, you give.
HEY i havent talked to u in since like last year :O
"You may have to give up a day at the beach so that someday you can own a beach house."
I am mug proof!
thanx so much for the kind words, it brightened up my day : )
Ramping up on a little HTML5 browser caching fun... cool stuff.
Great to meet IRL! Re: " thank you for an amazing tour of your library! It was so great to meet you both.”
RT : Be impeccable with your word. Don't take anything personally. Don't make assumptions. Always do your best. ~ Miguel...
Truly amazing when you send someone a google doc and they return edits in a Word attachment.
uh huh *Power to Fridays*
I wish I could throw up cause I'd feel 1000% better
QoTD: "It's not who you are that holds you back, it's who you think you're not." (Unknown)
Sleep when you're dead, baby.
The ex-hippie/burnt-out 70's stoner contingent at this show is thru the roof.
Bout to c it again...
No my fone dying brb
Thank you Deborah, Mark & Jason! I've already met w 2 people from your meet up who I may work with.
you need to follow me so I can DM you. I was going to tell you something today...but I can't tweet for the world to see!
Thanks Jamie!!
Couldn't decide between going to the GDC or SWSX, so I stayed here in LA on my BFB.
On my way above the clouds
What you on
I'm telling u girl!!!! Its bullshit but I guess we should be used to #HATERS by now cuz lord knows the pack has a lot;)
Home from the gym ! Now eating
looking forward to more great #craftbeer in Hillcrest and sampling your brews!
Grant Hill sighting!
BernCo Commissioner Wayne Johnson calls on fellow Republican Commish Michael #Wiener to step down. Says board may remove him as vice chair!
Hahaha. Holes in the knees might make me look badass, but a hole in the crotch is just vulgar!
"I want to be part of something that empowers and inspires women," says woman who, in one instance, yanked off another woman's wig in fight.
guess i'll recut my undercut or something like that.
thanks for the RT!
Listening to Katie Dunneback's presentation "Reading Tectonics: Ebooks and Libraries" at Handheld Librarian 5
Servers and workstations should be kept off the ground have some type of cover at all times to protect them from sprinkler damage.
finally in sync with west coast time I see. In town for Almost Acoustic Christmas rehearsals?
Sorry! I unfollowed everyone who unfollowed me!
Should I shut down the account?
What Nook do you have? I thought the new one was supposed to be pretty good in the sun.
My condolences ;-)
YES<U+2665> and they should flash as well;D
#MahoneOnB96 TREND IT!!! :)
I can be so awkward at times.
Watching game of thrones! Yeeaaaahhh!!
and all of the angels they'd sell off yer soul for a set of new wings and anything gold
how old are you?
Already signed up, asking the boyfriend if he's willing to get up that early, too. I'm low on hours, can I count his? :)
If they play graduation music, I might cry
&Its about to get even better tonight xD
Jefferson's Marcus Stamps puts up the numbers, and the grades
I need some new music, any suggestions?
Unintentional, twitter has a mind of its own. Or, I just hate you. You can decide.
killed it - appreciated the name drop haha
Dnt let em hold u back.
Lol i pictured the shrugRT My Instagram name is ChubbyNiggaDoe, therefore youn should expect A LOT of food pics
lol id be more motivated to get out of bed if my nigga was holdin his own....
ok so just so u know is a famewhore think about who shes dated and when I MEAN REALLY IM A BETTER HUGGER THEN HER
Water from the drinking fountains is fucken gross!!
Everybody can "no exit" with siri. #GlassHalfEmpty ESTRAGON: Yes, let's go. They do not move.
It is nice to know that Carl is terrified of people sharing information about him.
Brands don't just want views, they want signups, followers
Nope only sal. acid-face swells up like an oompaloompa! I found a mint masque that shrinks pores... trying it now.
Every storm is seeking, something.
you mean his entire administration or Just the President?
this where the days huff those where the days!
I'm just tryin to chase a dream but I'm no
Our Line Dance Class is tonight (2/17)! Ladies, will you be there? Fellas, will you be there?
I been single for a yr now smh
` watching #FamilyGuy wishin i had something to do in the morning
It's pretty exciting! Let us know if you go!
Greg Oden averages 20 games a season. At this rate he will have to play 78 more seasons to catch Kareem Abdul Jabbar.
In bed. Crying. Don't bother.
cheers mate....for us dads they tell me a girl is good value! congrats. Good days ahead
naw you can use them for your mix tape there my promos..just give me a shout out..aight peace..splitzwizard
Oh man, definitely mac n' cheese! RT Hey foodies- pot pie or mac and cheese?
time keeps marchng. we r not on this world centuries to be able 2 accomplsh everything we want. #focus to avoid many lose ends
With about to shoot "Indelible" waiting on wardrobe.
HALLOWEEN COSTUME PARTY!!! - October 15th - Halloween Costume Dance Party - 21+ $5. - 815 V Street - Backbar
Planned Parenthood "Sentiment: 15 to 1 in favor of Planned Parenthood on Twitter (1.5MM related Tweets)" Stats are amazing
Yes, I described it yesterday as "pure gold" RT : did you see the account? It's fantastic.
I love Steve Blake. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
#NowPlaying: Out Loud by
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA OMG YES! i can't even- omf xDD NIGHT
ijs Kobe cool he just haven't did nothing I haven't seen yet u gotta remember mike averaged 20ppg at the age of 40 # WOW
Sometimes we waste our moments. We don't take the time to say the things that are in our hearts when we have the chance.
"Every man dies, not every man really lives." Which movie and who said it?
Broke down :( least its hot and I can get a tan.
Glad to be doing me
that was an invite
Good for you! Congrats!
I have the CD's!!! let me know if you would like to purchase one!! they are only 8 dollars! Just email me @
Well if the Lakers don't give a damn why should I? I'm going to bed.
When the "to do" list reaches 3 pages, you know the start line is just around the corner. Breathe..
we'll buy you a sandwich if you get us in. :)
lol..welcome to my funny world
Badgers are going to lay the hurt on #Orange tonight.
Hear tell us how failing made him successful! Watch our NEW SHOW "My Big Fat Failure" Feb 26th, 9pm on
Mulherkar Crew will be at Wayne Horvitz new place in Seattle, The Royal Room on Fri. 1/6/12 at 9:30pm .. The New Lions!!!!
get on twitter and go straight to tweets.
Happy Sunday
I said no such thing!
The Fall is every bit tearjerker I'd thought it would be. But it was a great movie!
why are u so god damn depressing? you're 14 and crying over how shit your rich close-to-perfect life is? get real you ignorant child -.-
Tonight I'm going BLONDE!
Making money like your moms making food .
Pacific Beach: 2-3 ft + thigh to chest high occ. 4 ft. Looks Pretty Fun :)
America is the best half-educated country in the world.
Fed. Time for nap?
is green RAMPS-flavored?
Rangers fans hv a prob w/Wash resting players mainly bcuz of losing 2 n a row 2 KC. won last nite. doesnt bother me. + its early n the sea.
Free speech resolution fails...Why am I not surprised?
haha no. Don't see them hanging with OKC anyways if they make it.
RT : Oh well you know , I thought I was part of this family .. But FUCK YOU all then!
Haha, yes! Those 2 seconds of "Please help me out here!"
Nice! Good luck with the move!
their vegetarian buffet is outstanding. Abusing of stereotypes, I forgot I was eating vegetarian. Service is amazing, always
I have a lot of trouble not freaking out when people trap me in a corner on the subway even though there is plenty of space to avoid it
i just want to do everything im not supposed to right now i wanna fuck i wanna shoot heroin i wanna run away and wake up in an alley ugh
I wanna move to a place where the guys have accents, or where one direction is
Could really use a spare tank.
#Xicano007leftTwitterbecause he's busy giving away roses and sandwiches to the ladies at school.
And now I'm pissed off at myself for being pissed off at myself, because this is the lowest my A1c has ever been.
Watching the premiere of Alcatraz. So far so good!
I'll chip in a few dollars, too. Hell....I'll help him haul boxes out of the Governor's Mansion.
drop sticks
Baders get a pair of hits in the fourth but strand runners at first and third, After 4 innings, Wisconsin 4, Michigan 4.
I love how all of Lville fans comebacks for our NATIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP in basketball is football. Y'all beat us once out of the past 4 years.
Target security guards ready to receive protesters
Stuck in Minneapolis, MN for the night. All flights are full, All Day! Not such a bad city to be stuck in. Gonna head to Mall of America!
Is 1 Of The Best Rappers!! Today Nobody Cares But Tomorrow They Will, Nobody Cares But Oh Tomorrow They Will, They Will
When Your walking home alone, see someone scary, and pretend to be talking on the phone with your dad about his new gun ;D
Idea 4 another #Spartacus prequel? "Spartacus, the Early Years: Boo Boos & Sandbox." Jupiter's pee pee!
catching up with an old friend is always good, i miss the good friends I use to have
Whoever spends the most tonight gets their name on the BIG check that we are giving to Children's Hospital, get spending! dealshow.com
"Humility and the fear of the Lord brings wealth and honor and life." (Proverbs 8:13)
lmao... Take it easy my friend...lol
do that shit and record it lol
Perhaps Al is worried about people pirating the feed from his Mobile Uplink Unit.
You bet-- I wish I could make the conference but I can't... so I live through those who can!! : - )
OH GOD YOU WOULDN'T DARE, and I already ate them all...
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Cinnamon Pinwheels on-site at Acme! Order NOW for the Holidays! 614-732-2803
Their gross
Its official now.. R.i.p maidelis :* <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
nice! Enjoy your last few hours. Safe travels my friend.
Lots of good discussions this morning at which unfortunately seem not to have been live tweeted.
LETS GO GIANTS!!!
Super-stoked to see #wowps finals! Not so stoked to wait outside in cold-ass Denver.
#ThinkLikeAMan -hilarious. There were some truths in the subliminal messages like women bring favor, clarity and affirmation.
Tonight on 10 How about renting tools for just $25 a yr., there's a place in DSM called the tool-lending library.
;) RT : That looks like something FIERCE.
Awww Congrats to you and Tan on your baby boy! Love yalll! :)
#ThingsMyMotherSays RT : #RejectedMittRomneySlogans I don't know any poor folks, but I'm friends with the people who own them.
Your first goal is not to force interactions; it is merely to connect, to share the pleasure of doing something together, to experience...
Live at Regal Cinemas showing previews for Jeff Bridges True Grit. Did you know? More women dig Josh Brolin than Matt Damon?
New NCAA games are up! SEC, Big 10, Big 12, Pac-12, Heisman Hopefuls, Top 25, Undefeated, NCAA night games - crazy fantasy action!
I agree. Chocolate cake.
As a result of both of these, we are witnessing a almost total dismantling of all social gains, advancements, & government.
Need to tan today...
Crazy is just another name for someone who knows how to have fun. ;)
I make EVERY DAY Motley! \m/ ;)
Remember 2 check out the moon 2nite at 11:34- 11:35 when the Moon lines up with the Earth & Sun to become brilliantly full.
hell yes we need ppl
where did u see/hear?
The Bell's Rich Jones will be talking about #coleg session Sat. at 2:35 pm with Ken Clark on KFKA 1310 am
that's a good start
IKR it sucks
Correction - from "The Crisis" RT These are the times that try men's souls. Thomas Paine
this feeling<<
What a kill
L.A. is getting Closer and Closer !!!!!!
“: Irrelevant people will never effect my life.”
what would u do as the Grizz GM? Do u package ZBO/Rudy w/ OJ to find star level playmaker or just simply fill needs
wow, mine too!
MAX DELAYS: Equipment is blocking the tracks at the Lloyd Center, expect delays. Shuttle buses in use
you will love it!
good morning beautiful people
Watching the spanish teacher cry
i need no nigga !!!
TRYNA GET ON WITH YALL HOLLA AT ME FOR A PHOTO SHOOT
then again I don't have all of the facts.
FOGC Will have some action tomorrow!
I guess he can afford to give a coach millions, but players can't eat dinner!
FOLLOW WE BACK:) 10
I agree with that
And we love you for it, Jasper! ;)
nice. Enjoy it :)
Tennessee, USA
i miss you to!
While #technology has changed the way that we work, the human element remains the critical factor for any kind of progress
but he is a hottie boom body!
Congratulations on your US deal Elena, Igor & Remi! You're truly an amazing group and we can't wait for your US debut.. <3 bri
All we do is smoke and fuck
Nick Offerman's giggle is the best
last night > :)
That WHSmith picture was brilliant! Should put it next to an autographed Dawkins book and see which one gets sold first
BESIDES ASTROS what do you guys think is the best headset you can buy for your xbox? HELP ME OUT! that doesnt squeeze your brain to death ha
RT : When chicks call u Daddy but u ain't they father tho >>>>
just relaxing, what about you?
Look, the TV I can live without, , but , my prized can opener? Et tu, Cathay? BTW, I just lol'd at the board room table.
Pretty sure no one stands a chance against BC. Just saying.
WUCF at the Maitland Art Festival today! UCF Jazz Profs hit the stage at 2 pm...
Fraser says he's not an outsider
I'M IN THE MOOD FOR MEXICAN I HATE YOU >:E
they could probably be playmates
Going on 4 days without headphones. This is killing me!!! So...anybody got an extra pair? Haha
Mom's awesome. We should call her
Tuxedo Brownie Cookies Recipe Planning to watch the Oscars this weekend? Why not have a special dessert to celebrate? These tuxedo browni
Ba-ZING!
no prob! Thanks for all your help.
S/O to at City Year Milwaukee!!!!
“: Twitter & Facebook: I rebuke you in the name of the Lord! #TryingToFocusOnSchool” good deal! The post will be coming 4 yrs!
“: By week 5, Tebow will have Snooki at Bible study.”.
why do athletes on my floor YELL in the hallway when they know it's finals week?
followed srry it took so long!!:)<U+2665> -anna
We have not tried your line of toothpaste! Any chance of getting some samples!?
Professional hint: if you are submitting videos of your work and it stalls or fails, we usually just move on. Youtube > Vimeo.
im at the high dive. You have failed me!
Wtf are we doing in #la I'm exhausted.
Knives and Pens!!!!
Today is just -_________- I need philly.
and u guys had me rolling yesterday on the show
How can we be expected to teach children to learn how to read if they can't even fit inside the pockets?
Wrapping up some SEO analysis for HTI Medical, winner of drawing for customer appreciation. Fun to look at other people's code....
“Do you know the difference between your smile and my smile? You smile when you are happy, and I smile, when I see you happy” #lovethis <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
You say "bad bitches only" but I'm wondering "do you even get any bitches?"
Rocking with the fam tomorrow at 7p. Stop by & watch us wreck shop!
ok we have a winner will direct message the winner at 2pm eastern time
Do you have a iPhone or a iPod Touch If you do? Go to the App Store Go To Music Than Tap VEVO It's free to download so try it today.
+2 RT +1 “: I'm sorry but Further Seems Forever cover of Bye Bye Bye is now a bar staple for me.”
hey talk to ! Its his music. This is just the his fan page.
We're at 590 followers, help us get to #600Followers by the end of the day!
So I'm not the only one who does that huh? lol Ketchup, cheese sauce and salad dressing are our friends here!
It's funny that the media was concerned that it would be irrelevant once players had a direct line via social to fans.
Hoping the rain holds off for a while. I want to ride home with the top down and fertilize the lawn this afternoon.
Look at Thad! & young Danny pushing .400. couple a badd boys! i have the next round #frickers/durtybird
In this modern warfare wit my dawgs
thanks Sherri, hope you can make it
awww thanks girl! BTW Your workout regimen inspired me to go to the gym today. I sort of slacked off - but you are on it!
Web stuff's only going to get easier Erica.
#Rush on VH1 Classic!
My daughter Isabella, gave me a huge hug last night and tried giving me a kiss for the first time. It was awesome.....
NAME CHANGE!!! Hey all! I changed my user name. I use to be "cavaliers60.". I am now "cdoades" so friends can find me easier.
Nice to see so many Clevelanders biking today #biketoworkweek #happyinCLE :)
^NB It's easier than you think! :) What type of printer and what type of computer/OS?
no problem. Thanks for the kind words!
Thanks! Bought it! :)
Only a couple of weeks until Christmas!
Life is so precioius, every moment should count! I am living out loud, period!
Homework! lol... among other things. I never get my To Do lists done because there is never enough time in the day! (sigh)
Funny how you can go from talking to a person everyday to not talking at all
RT : a diamond backs fan got kicked outta coors field for throwing back a #Rockies HR ball lol
Anyway to get George Zimmerman off peopl will be satisfied
Hopes he knows what the fuck he's doin.
can't wait for the gypsy cat to be back! Hope home is treating you well, cat.
“: #Rockies down a touchdown....thankfully another game to flip to #Nuggets” exactly!
Ok still at work doing paperwork!!! I want to go...
Data is not information, information is not knowledge, knowledge is not understanding, understanding is not wisdom
I just finished watching that Greg Kinnear movie about the guy (Mitt Romney) who invented intermittent windshield wipers.
have you seen the hangover movies?
You ain't kiddin'. Who'd a thunk it would be such a royal pain in the tuckus?
Check out PDXCROSS. A group of photographers who get down and dirty with Portland's cyclocross scene. www.pdxcross.com
Hey I'll give everyone who 'likes' With the Band...Karaoke's facebook fan page $1... (just kidding but do it anyway!)
Nasty ass people on this bus
yes fuckin way!! haha my moms actually legit! it doesn't even hurt!
“: #MentionTo someone who always in your mind.”
Philly is the first to strike, Crowley from Dawson.
Today is an excellent day! Presentation in class tonight! #springbreak next week! #triathlontraining going well!
Happy Leap Day!
Each year, Vienna Woman's Club gives $1,000 to students headed to college. Last year I was honored to give keynote speech at awards event.
welcome to twitter Keith
It's a beautiful morning. Everything is on Sale at 10-20% OFF. Dbl punch drink of the day is our Peppermint Mocha!
Thanks again for the many ReTweets!
Hit me up if you need plans.
well, your name IS mikey, and you ARE adorable and blonde... I'd say you're practically halfway there!
any bday plans yet??
Can't stand when people don't take me serious. Feels like I wasted useful time.
#c4l12 The Q is, shd I get 6 or 12 crumpets to take home from The Crumpet Shop? They likely freeze...need room in the bag for Hop Henge too
thanks Rusty.
what up brah?
RT this if you're going local for
Yes, but from a different angle.
Just finished presenting to hs seniors how to write personal statements thru Young Urbanites Unite! Lloyd is doing great work!
OMM and I are looking at the same moon!!! Haha <3333
Word Up !
Welcome Back, #MarquetteGradStudents! We hope you all enjoyed the ice cream social at orientation last Thurs! Pics to come!
Houston Hoops over Tampa Titans 50-37 in first pool game at AAU Nationals.
“: Much of what being decided for our country is being decided on falsehoods-
Y'all, I know I am about to sound like a bad Mahomie and stuff but, who is Dave? Like Austins uncle? Manger? Will someone tell me?/:
Great!!! Packed house for "2011 Part 2" Party!..full report later on!! USA 2 Mex 1 as of 9:40 Go USA!!
Girl you can have whatever you want, starting off with my last name <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
crowdsourcing video! We would love to know more.
Awwwe they got back together (:
The parade loves you back....you and all your lil leprechauns!!!!
do it. It's a classic. At least all the stuff at the actual party.
Dorian Finney-Smith leaving Virginia Tech. Should have kept Seth Greenberg.
GOD is a selfish GOD he will not let any man take credit for his works. It will be done in such a miraculous way it will be nothing but GOD.
if you have a problem with me, say it to my face. Don't just talk shit about me with all of your little friends.
At El Barco on Ashland having a margarita de tamarindo which is the best drink I've had all year. I love tamarind!
Very weird to watch presentation that just happened in London and see a pic of my local cheese shop guy. #drupalcon We love Bob!
I am MAN enough to admit when I am wrong! Can you?
Staying quiet on Twitter because I'm sitting with family. This game has been weird so far.
Very cool! Which one, LK? MT : Fun evening planning a thera-prov workshop w/a former improv student of
yeah,i kinda figured :)
In a society in which it is a moral offense to be different from your neighbor your only escape is never to let them find out.
When doing any advertising, consider tailoring your message to the appropriate audience. Change methods based on who your target is.
Cool. I've used almond on other bassoons, but haven't yet oiled my Püchner myself (it's way overdue). Perhaps a good Sunday project.
The DNF of financial services.
Currently have nine Gchat windows open, all but one is listed as "--- is busy. You may be interrupting." I call bullshit, you IMed me :P
It's existential crisis day in the copywriters' office.
It is not work that kills, but worry. ~ African Proverb
wanna go downtown ?
love those, thanks for sharing Daniela!
As only New Yorkers know, if you can get through the twilight, you'll live through the night. ~ Dorothy Parker
I'm really tempted to deactivate and block #facebook and #twitter until I'm done with this semester #senior =
fuckin bitches is working out lol
insideview, thanks for following us on Twitter!
man now I'm really sad I'm missing this trip! XOXOXO!
YEAH BABY ANOTHER 123 FOR
It may not be a fun present to yourself but I'm sure your car appreciates it :)
Nice portal 2 intro....
"I won't deny it... Imma straight ridah You don't wanna fuck with me." - feelin it today Tupac! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
Fleshed out quite a few of my #BlitzBlox game play ideas - been a great all-nighter. Now to write it all down and get it organized.
Hey Jaime- think we should go public yet? haha- thanks for following. We LOVE patients!
Not you, junior.
Got my new pow skis today. I might have to head up to Crystal to get my fix this weekend.
today l did a 3-point contest at darien lake, and l didn't make a single shot.
I would like my life to be a statement of love and compassion--and where it isn't, that's where my work lies.” <U+2015> Ram Dass
college starts back up in 3 days..computer programing..i cant wait..im getting restless
GENTLEMEN? RT Ok, this is getting ridiculous. Where can a tasty bitch of a certain age find a proper boyfriend? Seriously.
Let's just say I win ... Lol
love me some mac miller! haha
I want a booty!!
#imthetypeofperson that is locked and loaded for the coming zombie apocalypse
Joel McHale shirtless = best reason ever to watch #Community!
Spending time with my friends and family :)
Just got back from the Alex Ross exhibit at the Warhol. If you haven't seen it yet, GO! It's amazing. And it closes on Sunday.
No problem- thanks for taking time to respond.
4 more days until it's my turn to play
Conan? Like Conan obrien?! Of course!
If you have a project or need related to acting film or theatre please feel free to post on our Twitter page
RT : Did Jeff Kessler compare himself to Alex Rodriguez to justify his $5.5 mil package at Dewey? Read that way to me....
Does anyone else's iPhone say 4g after 5.1 update?
Looks like great things are happening for you right now - Congrats!
OMG you scared me I thought you ment you and !!!!!!!!!!
i need so more follwers can yall help me out
Appreciate the kind follow. Would you be open to connecting RE: a wellness experience? Thanks and happy holidays! :)
OMG So Kool Gotta Love K-Stew
Yay! 's Trout Pout is one of my current favs!
Awh :( I got bad spots too. We were lined up for 11 hours and got in the back. We just left, it was ridiculous.
Lol!!! Even #snl forgot about Ron Paulo their opening sketch.
mos definitely need to pour some liquor out for them, cause they died..lol
The night has just begun! #Vegas #Military come enjoy a night just for you! $2 You Call its & $1 Drafts until 11pm!
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOO I KNOW. fuck your life. and send it too mee!
"The Green Mile"
It's okay #Brewers fans. The cubs will still end up in last place this year.
The World Loves Andrea Swift!!!
Friendship needs no words - it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness. Dag Hammarskjold
All I can say is that we're now in a different world about what constitutes a celebrity
Anyone have or know of a Brausse BF750E for sale? I have 3 people looking for one so please contact me! . 888-BRAUSSE.
I got a funny story Lil bro: row you talk to ghetto Me: you dont know what ghetto means Lil bro: yes i do *whispers to mom*what does it mean
How do I get tickets to this?!?! Ticketmaster and ticketweb don't work :(
What happened to Kesha? Did she fall off the side of the earth or something?
Happy Hump Day! Retweet if you're horny!
Thanks for tweeting the article about me winning, guys! I appreciate the mention :)
Good morning. How are you today? No really, how are you?
Gray & drizzly: good weather for St. Patty's! Cooking up some corned beef, got Guinness & a copy of Finnegans Wake (to read tipsy) ;-)
JUS WHEN I THOUHT LIFE COULDNT GET ANY WORSE, IT DID, I REALLY DONT WANNA BE ON HERE ANYMORE, LIFE HAS BEEN DEALN ME BLOWS ALL WEEK
Chick-fil-A = Yummy Chicken!
why don't you have cloth towels in your bathroom?
On a date with my best little girl friend!
HA HA too funny!!!! LOVE IT
You think gnats are bad....they aint got nothin on "Love Bugs"
Ah. The Nats will take back the park by paying the umpires to eject all of the Phillies.
Young, rich and flashy I be where the cash be
The new Giant at Harford and Taylor is awesome. A real improvement over all the supermarkets that preceded it.
with my twin !
Morning Doll! We really did start a dating site project and researching it is appalling
hm. I don't think she's "beloved" enough to cause such a strong reaction as shonda hinted. Hope it's her though.
I'm letting go of the thoughts that do not make me strong.
Look for reviews in new Video Librarian: Woodmans, Priest of Love, Romantic Englishwoman, Keaton shorts, Sound of Insects +more.
Dear One Direction, please. kiss me on my mouth.
Too funny. It was a little sloppy, wasn't it? fun though.
Awesome idea! Thx to our troops. RT : Ok, what time do they tip off? This is taking too long lol!
Everyone else is like aye i gots an ipod hit me up and dis shit is yo's bring da money
the silence is really quite odd ;)
I usually google the subject line, address of sender, or part of the body of the email. Usually turns up what I want to know.
The key to a good tittie sucking is the intensity of the eye contact.
Man is mere flesh and by flesh can be undone. But with God the eternal soul cannot be undone except by His command- Priest
Deff wanna go to Miami for spring break.
Hey all the website is up and running! go and custumize your own apparel!
When, not if, I see The Vow, I hope I can pair it with Woman in Black and get all my catharsis done in one day.
Swoon... Wait. I'm falling for that legendary Irish charm! Falling.. falling... >RT All women are stunning
PLEASE FOLLOW .... SPAMMING COULD JUST MAKE YOU MADE ... #YEE HOPE YOU SEE THIS TWEET
Snow, golf, snow, golf. Make up your mind colorado. Bi-polar global warming.
SATURDAY SALE TOMORROW - Shop our exclusive PC & Apple backtoschool bundles.
go luck tonight me and my son will be cheering you guys on tonight go bucks go!
could be worse... Could be curling instead of Ice hockey...
Follow Me Please!? 77
i feel like i cant even think straight, my brain refuses to function anymore
#mymomsaid flowers always impress a lady!
When I was little I faked being asleep so I'd get carried to bed.
sad to say but the more ppl say that , even if i do wanna come back i wont .. its too many states in this country smfh
loved China, now on to JAPAN!
I'm sold on twitter. Thanks all! I miss
But that was then and this is now
I love those! I've been wanting to try the choc just haven't gotten around to it yet
I see Mike Nelson has adjusted his Channel 7 pin.
Works for me!
Lets not pretend like you're alone tonight.
omg ikr and then with this crazy weather :)
TWO THUMBS UP... THREE IF I HAD ANOTHER HAND LOL
that would be a good laugh.
Ready to learn from at
wow I ate that way too fast. I'm never gonna lose weight
Amazing show with tonight
Hi Nice article! How do you think such an idea can be successfully implementation?
idk..he told me to ask u....no details lol
when i wake up tmrw i better hear the Lakers won..............
Do you remember your favorite concert?
I think men talk to women so they can sleep with them and women sleep with men so they can talk to them.
Woodfish back in the studio July 5th! Finishing up guitar tracks and laying odown some background vocals!
and yes, you've earned the "yoga goddess" title 10x's over :)
" guys have certainly made me feel not just physically adept, but more confident in conquering my goals & dreams in life"
they didnt accept his resignation?? what dramatics so sick of it. would never want to live in Sanford
Maybe even Skype me
Everyone Follow He Is Cool(:
M... Melting Potatoes & Pearl Onions
#Ireallywant to go home!
Is that Greenberg up on stage with Emma Stone?
...I got proof
What are you doing?
we know people - looking into this as we tweet.
and what is that weird twitching mouth head thing kenya does? It's like she has a neurological disorder. It's distracting.
Happy 18th Birthday :D
Difference in school & life? In school, you're taught a lesson, then given a test. In life, you're given a test that teaches you a lesson
Lmfao (x “: An emo vampire probably bites himself.”
I'm officially over Starbucks turkey bacon sandwiches...it was a good ride
Can't sleep
If Facebook were a country, it would be the eighth most populated in the world
My head feels like a balloon and this cold medication has me feeling stupid.
Watchin whats love got to do wit it and Tina turner was buff as hell
wow. just watched your youtube. brave woman. I support you 100% and thank you for your beauty and bravery.
All signs point to Lauderdale.
I Wish I Could Get A 'Good Morning Beatiful(:' Text From You<3
I'm 2 minutes away from cursing out my step dad.. As I say this my mom has changed the channel to the game w/o me saying a word! LOVE HER!
max is the best!
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference
its so so so god!
Pink White Black And Purple haha
Make you play with the stick Ovechkin. Appreciate that ... let's go
Thanks for the #ff love. I'm hilarious but you're so damn easy to laugh at. :D
don't flatter yourself baby
Does anyone think the packers should re-sign will blackmon?
Nice looking yard. Your son did a good job! Lots of hard work!
Call and order your lunch from Shorty's great lunch special selection starting at $4.99!
At #NJSHA conf. by the beach in NJ. Looking forward to my talk tomorrow on the future of cochlear implants. I'm bound to learn something.
I liked the lace up boots.
also if you want you can follow our personal accounts: :) We follow back :]
will u follow me?
Sex On Delivery O_o
it's hard to believe but it's actually cold in vegas than in chicago
when you and ur gf get in a fight and then slowly and slowly things get back to normal <3.<3
shit me and u Both!
$NCVT only 23 million shares outstanding and an estimated float of 4 million shares, we really like this buying opportunity.
I love that you used the term scammed. thanks bro.
RT : Live from the set of The Abolitionists (coming winter 2013), a staffer in costume with Producer Rob Rapley
cinnamon swirl bagel w/ honey nut cream cheese and a peach
Hot laps were turning some mid 13s
Thank you for coming to our screening! So nice to see your faces in the audience.
When tagged that he was 31. I hope there is another that dons the name Shogun.
Members Card New York Rangers -145 (25 units)
i dont think your hot .. I think your SEXY . (;
RT : Great talk with from Lars Remodeling and Design ... Great Business Mind ... Even Better Family Man
Wow! I decided to go with San Francisco after much deliberation.
Seriously who do I have to blow to get my boyfriend to fuck me right now? Sweet Jesus
Somewhat disappointed that I didn't see SUPERMOON.
Thanks to all the parents who have commented/messaged me/texted about Owen's torticollis. I really appreciate all the info and advice! :)
Church with the familia then out to lunch! It's gonna be a great day <U+2764>
Found the lyrics I wrote for my acoustic song I wrote in 2005ish! #Sweet!
I can clearly see a version of myself in which I marry & have kids in order to escape from this lifestyle, since I can't seem to do it alone
shout out to my new follower :) follow please :)
just one year. But still! So man businesses fail after one year, but I'm still here!
awesome! Sounds like fun :)
You're freaking wack and don't diss me!
Did you know, our students have interned w/ & many others?
Furniture Sale!!!!!!
BElieve, I believe
Excited for the trunk show tomorrow from 3-8pm ! I think I might find the perfect cocktail dress!
"You can't force creativity." Observation from my teen daughter
I needed the good news
nice to have a songwriting contest run with integrity out there!
yes sir. I knew a very happy husband would catch it
The friendliest #chase bank in Chicago must be this one on Clark and Barry: counted 5 reps saying hi and/or welcome.
Our online store will be open very soon.
I can't sleep either...
starting lunches tuesday. sorry for the confusion.
would have taken just as long :( and I would have to transfer lines twice
We want to make the parking situation down here between stadiums a mess in September and October #orioles and #ravens LETS GO
Some roster rules of note: 1) limit of 3 players from any 1 team
Eric Clapton killing it at valley view San Diego!
Just to clarify, that last tweet was from two days ago. Verizon took its dang time to upload.
Everyone follow its for a great cause folks!!! The world needs more people like this...
Enjoying reading books rather than internet media lately. At least the plot progresses and the characters learn and grow in novels.
woah woah hey, what are you and doing on my facebook profile
Paris? Budapest? The moon?
Hell yeah :) And you know I'm down for grub! Let's make it happen this time!
Cause we're all just kids who grew up way too fast.
Why thank you kind sir and no there is nothing wrong. Haven't been tweeting long and have been trying to understand the
Check out my report 2nite @ 10 on CBS58! I spent an action packed day with a group from the MKE Co Sheriff's Office which catches fugitives.
Tebow led NFL in Red Zone TD efficiency last 2 years. Scoring=winning. If Manning wants to win, should've DEMANDED to keep TT as a 'player'
I'm on a smear campaign right now! Lls
right? Although I can imagine the look on my Mom's face when she saw it was a Lowe's gift card.
Thank you for those who came out to Apartment 720 last night for our Birthday Bash, it was a blast!!!
Omg Christopher Plummer is so inspiring! What a career & winning his 1st oscar at age 82!! Never give up no matter your circumstance or age!
Of the bright green color of lush grass. You know...a VERDANT.
Paint or sleep? It's a toss-up. Paint or sleep........
To all Firefighters, EMTs, Police, & U.S. Soldiers: Thank you for your service! With glasses raised, here's to you.
arm okay?
i love my school ha ha fucking with black kids. so funny
What did you think of the "Newsweek Cover" with Obama being The First Gay Marriage President? Story by Andrew Sullivan!
Last day of school tommorow
Stevens-Acevedo, amazingly, says that attending #cunydhi a year ago & asking for help/collaborators led to successful NEH start-up grant
I hear the GOP has trouble with addition.
For processing, SoundGrain is a kind of unique granular app that I've started to play with. Free.
The Bay Area has a warm breeze today. Summer is on the way!
Gimme that shit!!
follow me please!!(:
Happy V-Day i love you so much babe
Sitting here bored with nothing on TV
Not laughing at 's innuendos and then making her explain why they're so funny? Awkward hilarity ensues.
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly Girl u ugly as Fuck
oh will then i dont know what to say . - . -
agree. The sunglasses especially. Why put them on inside, and then pull them down when you want to see something? Lame.
throw hard in arlington next week. We will be there.
Ketel one and soda, strawberries and balsamic and Castle, House and Once Upon a Time on the DVR
Wow! King Henriq! Just Look Amazing! :-)
None whatsoever. I just love it that much.
RT : Find Chameleon at our booth on Red River in front of Beerland & at at the #FrenchLegationLawnParty TODAY!
Whoa, Craig Counsell has thought of a comeback? Please, Craig, WE NEED YOU!
I'm listening to an interview I did in 2009. My accent is so thick. I love it.
Who had the brilliant idea to turn the power back on???
To hurt our RPI I assume RT : What's the point of BracketBusters for the Valley now? Losing the CAA is a big loss for that event.
You only ask it in your head, then shake the sticks. The first to fall out is the answer. The kid interpreted the monk...
Mary Jane never fails me. She such a sweet girl. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Sadly no. Just liked your quote. So nice seeing you this week!
“: Gotta get rid of my "only when I need something" associates.” <---
FOX 7 News at 9 is on!
The Miss Universe® preliminary competition just finished and it looks to be an amazing pageant on Monday (NBC)!
he's just a ray of sunshine right now. writing 'i love you' notes, putting them all over the house for us. always telling us sweet things!
We are a white out #azspaseries w/
We can't wait to see you either!
Fat s/o to the boy for getting to the dance a 2nd straight time. Go hard from the tip cuz!!
Late night chillin in the lab like a mad scientist....Rippaaaa!!!!
Night everybody.
lol not! Every one keeps asking but no one is $$$
Reminder #Packers fans, follow for your chance to win a #GEEBZ shirt!
thanx for the follow
What would you like to see more of? If you answered with more fiction, then pester your writer friends to send us some of their work.
ima sugar high from too many cookies T.T
what a sad depressing state of affairs
you never even knew,well the truth is about to come out
Board backs $15.4M sale of Cleantech Manufacturing Center land to Trammell Crow to build 300K sq. ft. for sustainable industries.
Why is it 11 and I have yet to eat dinner?
At to hear talk from Frank Deford, one of my favorite sports commentators. Catch his commentary Weds on
Thinking of #jonstewart monologue in my email campaigns from #Obama emails"Hey" is not a good subject line!
When all you do is consume things to galvanize and feed your pain body, you will eventually consume yourself
Happy IPA day! We have a lot of yummy options... if you're so inclined...
SCOTUS also ruled that the US may deport immigrants without first getting permission from the receiving country.
A blonde locks her keys in the car. After failing to break into the car, she says "Damn, it looks like it's gonna rain and the top is down".
What’s the ABQ event? Your tweet doesn’t give details or a link....
Stop and see us in Pasco while you are here, we'd love to chat about #innovation & what we're doing for entrepreneurs!
Love it RT : Sleep is for people without access to the Internet
Love this. Thank you for sharing.
Maria! I was hablaing spanglish. What's the correct way to habla los words?
You think you're so cool cuz you can pee standing up.
Great news as we just confirmed a great DP for "Cell." She won a Student Academy Award for a short she worked on so not too shabby
Looking for a place to eat tonight? Why not visit one of the Dining for Life supporters & give back to charity. www.yourluckydeals.com/blog
When you feel like giving up, remember why you held on for so long in the first place.
Will found out the hard way tonight that they mean business at Buffalo Wild Wings when they say "Hot." And he thought he was a hothead.
Proto Pro-tip: Practice your presentation, make it lively, and refrain from a dry read!!
They are talking about people and the #Beatty's harassing me after stealing from me. You will soon read about it in the press.
Stay focus attack the basket take smart shots
Yayyy!!!!!!! RT : 2nite Me & gotta start lookN at flights <U+2708><U+2708> for LA WE COMING
Italian American Cultural Center is so nice! They are putting up a bocci court...my life is now complete haha.
ah, now I understand. from the pic, it looked like you had some sweet highlights mixed in w the strawberry.
Sinking slowly, the water is higher... Desire
SM is oft more egalitarian space than galleries. Should it be where museum takes on more informal voice?
What it do Peoples, checkin into the world to see if ya'll feelin what i'm talking bout through my music. Let me know how u feelin bout it..
I say i hate u but in reality i cant stand being away from u more than two minutes but u be a bit#h sometimes
We Are Providers OF Quality Gifts For Any Occasion #Discounts #UniqueGiftsForMen and #UniqueGiftsForWomen #Return Policy:FREE
thanks for the mention! Glad you're finding the insights and gifts series helpful.
*Singing to Aaron Carter* I WANT CANDY! Beka: "Get in my van!" XD
Oh wow damn that sucks for #Celtics lol
staff photo shoot day = hilarious. Can't wait to see the photos!
Who wants to move to SF and be my roommate? Hmm? I can assure you your life will become 1000x more awesome.
There sure has been a lot of awesome this week...70 degree weather, #cocoaconf friday, new iPad this weekend, hopefully more awesome to come
happy 4th Greg!!
Pictures lie :P
is an example of a idea born out of social entrepreneurship
Watching #SMASH. The chorus cattiness is a little overt - don't they know those comments are for AFTER someone walks away?
slow day at the office - more focused on work.
I didn't find anything for me lol Ima go practice see what I can come up with
I don't even know why I'm up right now being that I have a busy day ahead....
When you retweet by accident <<<
Yeah Marvin Smith's Series 119 vimeo.com/bugalusmith is healing music as is all his over 1200 videos. He is amazing!
Old school 007 is pretty rad, but his shorts.... They're really short...
Destroyed another kickball game NBD
Sitting in the office while everyone is off for spring break. Check.
I can only DM you if you're following us. Send a note to marketing [at] decide
I'm so glad you like them! Best in the biz if you ask me
Last years in Eastern Conference Finals.
Not about Tate or Manson, but makes references. It's one of those movies that is better to just watch 1st... Then research it.
Air Algerie refuses to reduce prices of flights to France, French authorities say
"Me too! :-) : If you want to trade Patrick Kane...please tell me know so I can laugh at you and then block you. #Blackhawks"
And you will be taking me as number 2 of 4.
I wish these doctors would tell us the truth of what is wrong with my wife She just wants to go home
I ask everyone to wear pink tomorrow please xoxoxo Consuelo
Yeah, right, Twitter :o
Watching Charlie Brown Christmas. Can't get any better than this! Oh wiat, it can...Snoopy dance!
Today my path was crossed by a black cat. Stalking a turkey.
Very nice!
We just wanted you to know that we think we have the best fans!
why are you not at Hollander?
Stay strong, d00d.
put that thing away
ditto!! “: I know it's time to leave the office when the zumba music and screaming starts #wtf.”
Madonna is not good
It must be somewhere around here
It's only 3 miles from me! I've been sleeping easier at night now that I know I can obtain a gourmet cupcake anytime I please.
How do we create economic prosperity by cutting services for #children who need the most help?
you suggesting he might actually be human like the rest of us?
that's nuts. I may ask you for an address this weekend if I can make time. it's out of the way but not that far out of the way.
thanks for the follow, what's up?
St. Paul is the only place on that list that would be ok...and that would be just barely!
Come stay with Comfort Suites Fishers, mention this tweet and save 10% valid until 1 am 3/4/12
lmao my favorite movie!
that's rad!
better have went shoe shopping today!
omg lookin cute:) ... Hope you have fun!
What's good Wi??
Walk it out Chi Town's D Rose! 100 bucks says he is back next series
we should! and then we should probably live tweet it so everyone knows how educated we are.
You're all kinds of famous and stuffs. I'll have to make a fangirl shirt now. :)
The studio is definitely going well. We should have a studio video up fairly soon!
lmao but if like observe the video u will see them
There's the YMCA summer program, parks like Garfield parks have summer day camps for kids, etc.. I can fb message you the links
Phew #exhausted need a va-k asap!!!
no they aren't idiot.
thank you ... so much more rational a spelling. Another interesting music industry/computing industry divide.
reporting tonight Mogadishu #Somalia Makes me sad that whenever top story is #Africa, its '3 D'S' Death Disease Desperation
John Lozier welcomes the 50 formerly or currently homeless consumer leaders among more than 700 conference attendees.
home. such a wonderful word ;)
Glad I seen my bro Denzel tonight tho
hi there! interested in joining a new website?
It was great Guy - a mixture of kid stuff and a little catch up work but a good weekend. How was yours?
Really.. 130-170? How does a forty point range make any sense?
Report impaired drivers.... You never know, it may just save a life
you're funny. :-) miss your face!
A fiery, passionate victory speech from
Has she even had to drive her own vehicle since she had a hit?
Something about how she wanted to look pretty in her pretty dress and show her face, so it would be seen all over the world?
#mithril is probably my favorite hashtag. Also, the silliest.
I'm blessed to be able to come home and spend the day with my mom and family. I know some of my peers aren't able to today.
I know it really has! Don't forget we are face timing tomorrow! ;)
google hangouts, Skype for internal; twilio or goto meeting for external, Skype in a pinch
Must go to the gym and then maybe for a run, just to get the stress of yesterday away. Then I can attack this day. 1st stop...Disney studios
Downtown L.A. this morning. Divorce/custody court. Hopefully it wont be too ugly.
We're working on Beijing
I'm in Orlando, it's 72 degrees and everyone here thinks its cold. Silly Floridians.
I might have a first time gem being this is my first novel
If the Leafs game is on the NHL Network again tonight I can confidently say I'll never purchase Center Ice again
Detroit artists about to #TURNUP this summer.
haven't started, i have a final today and a paper due thursday. wanna send me yours?
no way. Backlund was crazy and locked ppl in the Chickenwing. That was crazy. Remember when he SNAPPED!?
Thanks for reminding me that I haven't listened to this song yet today. Time to change that
control for poverty and our schools are as good as any in the world.
LETS ALL GO DIE OUR HAIR PURPLE!!
I just bought: 'Electromagnetism: Nature's Force That Shapes Our Lives' by Lawrence W. Fagg #cua Physics
at work with no biggie smalls...ugh...you can see the bind I am in...
If you spend your day doing nothing how do you know when you're done?
Proposal of a 7 story car dealership next to an eventual rail-stop seems crazy to me...take the rail to buy your car? uh...no 2120 SW Frwy
#WebGreekTip - Import your Google Calendar, here's how: Go to Calendar ... File > Import Google Calendar ...Voila! gCal imported!
So apparently I get hard off bananas with my imaginary penis thats in my pants.
My aunt & cousins got drunk last night and my aunt was asking for a soft taco but instead she said ta sockos! God I love my family :)!
Hanging out with my Lil Brother, 1st time in a long time. He better not pee on anything. I'll disown him completely this time.
Up here in the states they have so many options. They will f*** with u today and move on to deh next tomorrow.
I had been in dark but; now im in the light.
“ retrospect JAWS used an awful lot of Piccolo &Oboe music I kept expecting 2 c gay merman appear JAWS 2 is where it's at" WRONG!
so im at S$'s with i have a quiche in my left pocket n some leftover glitter bombs under my shoe from last night. <3 Selena Gomez
I hate how all of this is happening
Can't wait for The Twelve: A Novel, the follow up to Justin Cronin's The Passage
Wicked gusty at tonight. My weak-sauce Helmsman rating did not cut it with dockstaff; found a skipper and crewed instead.
R.E.S.P.E.C.T Plays A BIG Part In Your Life !
Freaking awesome! Where and if what?
Healthcare is a need so let's not call it obamacare
“ 1+1=3 if you don't wear a condom.”
Hope you work out a lot.
you'll see when I rape you and you're Xbox
let your smile be your umbrella
Russell Wilson will be a starting QB in the league one day
Booyah! In your face other complimenters!
Jogger91: Surely somebody out there can tell me if there was a baseball player at the Baseball Causus session Tuesday????????
Got a Big Math Test This Morning.. Hella Stressing
Enjoying Web Afternoon? Give our sponsors a shout-out! Say thanks to and
Awesome to see you too ! Great event,
made my night.. <U+2665>
ya dude going clubbing sober is interesting and annoying at times! I've been doing it! -Annalisa
Heading back to LA to spend weekend with family and my Valentine
If you want power so much that you are willing to kill to keep it, then you are unfit to govern human beings, let alone animals!
Wow. I'm sorry to hear that, good luck.
This summer looking pretty GOOD (: Things are surely coming together .
#ARealBoyfriend is a lady. -Sarah M (lettuce)
School after being home sick for two days..... -_- summer come faster!
#SpringBreak wrapping up in #Houston, TX, Time for the pina coladas and Coronas to disappear... for awhile.
Wow. Almost a full sleeve. It's beautiful.
He said if I didn't like it talk to his lawyer. So I asked for the number and he's now made his tweets private and won't speak.
Junior Silver Dancer clinic is coming up March 24th!!! Go to keyword JSD for more information!
Really good question, NYC with a country outlet. Or a South American outlet, like Argentina or Mexico.
The photography talent at #SATWNZ is absolutely incredible.
Okay, so if Fringe is coming back next year they've gotta be bringing back Community too, right?
Will you and Alex record it? i cant watch tonight, sorry!<AB
thanks for the shout!
no it is because I want to see who they like most :)
Kaito, ace ventura, riku, and more this weekend at #GMXv3 lets go!
I miss my best friend!!!!
We're excited to celebrate #Easter tomorrow w/ our guests. #Easter eggs will be hidden in very sneaky places!
dylan n I are visiting family.
#APlaceWhereTheSunIsSilent best band ever.
I've run out of things to tweet, now that finals are over. In other news, an obscure tv show is filming outside our apartment.
My quest is not just Philosophy but Philosophy packaged in speculation on what makes the universe tick. That is science, with mystical look
This woman never ceases to amaze me. Paula Deen is making Peanut butter cup brownie s'mores. Yummy
you're welcome :-)
My friend it is already here ... Just wait until Media catches up and start printing headlines about it
theres not really any right or wrong answer for some of the things we do. set answers only exist in math.lol
Fireballs? Why not! Hugh Jass with and !
Yes (my interpretation). His is a physician-directed ACO facilitated by a health plan. "Hospitals will have to switch mindset"
That awkward moment, when your fixing your nose ring in class and it looks like your picking your nose.
It's Friday, Friday, gotta get down on Friday.
UGH Well I'm In after Skool Rite NOW SO. :/
Trying a new product?
will the Champions Tour ever make its way back to Nashawtuk or another Boston area stop? Been a few years now
Oh grad school, why do you torture me so?
World Poker Tour Ireland Main Event Begins Today
woah harsh words!
My teacher talk to much!!!
#PlansForTheSummer grind wit my eyes wide...
But that dunk block was embarrassing.
Not a big fan of American Idol this season but I must say that song "Dance with my father again" moved me. Miss you Luther
you should follow me ;) we also should hang out one day!
It's still lob city when the lakers are playing. Just that Denver is throwin the lobs up! Lol
we call that "sand"
One day I hope you hear this, I pray you doing better. This is what it sounds like, if I sent my dad a letter.
I took a hiatus from twitter for a while. Thinking about joining the land of the tweeting...again.
Excited For PUNK'd On May 24..:))
Planning a trip to Canada's Prince Edward Island. Biggest concern: How puffed should my puff sleeves be? Must consult Anne Shirley.
I don't care if it's raining. Taking a cab makes me feel lazy.
When asked... "Why do I have more wrinkles than my twin sister?" My 1st question, "do you spend more time in the sun?" Ponder that today...
Me too! Skype from our phones sesh
BREWERS IN THE HOUSE ... #THEBANGARANG is already poppin off...lets go!!!
Whats up Ohio
looks fun. Someone please make me run!
yeah... I was thinking that too haha
when there is will, there is a way
what happened to what?
: Lookin for new friends wanna follow?
guess I'll just blast music. (:
you mean 3
Woo-hoo 1,500 Twitter followers! Kids Fitness really matters, lets spread the word #followme!
He has NO future. Our young bench is way too strong. He's a footnote.": If Santo wants a national political future(out now) #gop"
Thanks for the #FF We love you gals :)
back to da money$$$$
Stone tiles can be beautiful but as natural product they are less uniform in color pattern & require more planning for use & installation.
Hey 'Murica, I figured out how to stop all the bitching. Let's just all agree to call it "Artisanal Marriage".
There's still snow in them thar hills
Take a shot of thiiisss
My entire week went into error 37.
Had a Rockin date w/my babe - Cant wait for the next one! :D XoXo G-Nite ya'll!!
Honestly, I loved your version better than Usher's! You did an amazing job tonight!
Finally, at long last, reunited with CAROLINA'S!!!
if you do go back to that 1, you might see me every now & then. I might be the only black guy in MA with a Ron Paul hoody lol
game on lol. I installed diablo on my Mac air haha should try it out now.
If I #RT sumin bout textin that means DM ya # so I can text u
are you serious? Barkley hosts #SNL about as often as John Goodman
#np Let it be-The beatles.
i think that the nation should demand an apology.
So bored.
thanks, I will check it out - I've actually got someone working on a new site right now though
Can't wait for #4squareFRIDAY !!!
he probably thought you were a hot girl
#truthis I get severe motion sickness so easy!! Cars if I'm not driving.. I mean throw up sick... And movies with a lot of action! Blah
Hey im so bored at school follow me!!!:(
HAPPY NEW YEAR! Happy life, happy thoughts & happy everyday to you & yours. :) God bless you & your loved ones always... HAPPY EVERYTHING. <U+2600>
Stop staring at the clock!!!
nvm u must not know English
The traffic meter turned green as I approached, no need to slow down or stop.
Mario Lemieux is widely considered one of the best hockey players of all time.
Rob want u
Reese's peanut butter cups: the perfect lunch.
On my way to palm beach
I shit you not, my lodger has watched Flashdance twice in 24hrs..she's 31!
I am with 9News. Did you witness the incident at DIA? Can you share any pictures or information abotu what happened?
Good Reds win. Now it's all about the Masters!!
Lebron totally ran over Rondo, how is that not a foul???!!!! COME ON!!!!
If people can't deal with you saying fuck, fuck 'em.
no critter snuggles today, sad to say. i'm out of town.
I love you :) haha
Never Again Truth Orwellian
A surprising amount of software lets you install it even if you decline the EULA. Latest example: AMD drivers.
(2 of 2). Is there a dif? Actor changes, but both farcically imply BO could have done something and just didn't.
The Senate is voting now on student loan rates—RT if you agree we can’t afford to double interest on college loans.
Close!! I'm turning 12 this Sep.!
oh look up every avenue- what ever happened
The Best FOllowers!
you know which 1 I'm partial to...tho the lyrics no longer work. we have sluggers pitchers & heart
Fuck all haters I see, cause I hate that you breathe. I see you duck, you little punk, you little fuckin disease
": The Red Sox. I'm a mASShole." I like the red sox also.
or is it an actual film noir? haha
How about the "Governor Walker Program for Kids Who Can't Read Good?" #zoolander; Serious answer: "Right to Read Program."
Waffles w/ roasted pecans, pumpkin/persimmon butter & maple yogurt.
yeah I'd say so, Chicago is looking pretty solid thus far. Speaking of, headed to Wrigley for the first time this year
Making a baby don't make you a man.. taking care of one does. How do you bring a kid in the world an run away? Be a Father to your child
is dark
KING HENRY!!!!
GOGOGO! See you at the :20!
You should try to go to Lincoln Park Zoo, one of the last free zoos in the nation. I'm going next month sometime.
lol yea im broke so i culd use some money
are you playing at WT Phoenix??
Zombie can't sleep! Just ordered breakfast for delivery yum
awww thank you so much! You're incredible! Can't wait to play our tunes for you again!
So, what type of music do you have?
6k...that's aggressive.
oh ok yeah and i left preety fast..i had to go to work
hahaha yeah, exactly like the EMP.
Looking forward to a nice evening with and his lovely fiancé...
Spot trending now in Marina del Rey, CA: Cabo Cantina - Pub (live updates)
Dear Jeebus.... Please let me not cuss anyone out today.... People make it almost impossible but, I'm trying.....
thank you!
I swear! I thought it was just me. I guess it's all of us without socks.., :P
Last night was crazy! Rewind!!
how you feeling?
Follow us on twitter:
yea, I can't lie I was a chubby baby too but nothing, stressing over workk :/ what college you goin to next year
Can anyone recommend a good print on demand service for prints / posters preferably one with a well documented API?
We know you like #goodmusic, you're following us! Go listen to
We have a new member on our team to keep your faces feeling refreshed, smooth, healthy, rejuvenated & relaxing
RT : RT Use baking soda as a scouring agent to scrub sinks, bathtubs & tile. More #budget cleaning #tips:...
1 of the best things my wife and I do is "shots & shopping" where we hit favorite shopping areas and grab for shots at bars between stores
#TIIP4P Matt Donovan: survey finds disconnect between expectation that mentors/managers generate content and the fact that they don't.
Joe Walsh, Springsteen, David Grohl. No Foster the People?
Wishing all the moms out there a happy and healthy Mother's Day!
Mike-mike! Hello there.
Teachers need early access to iP - push the boundaries...what CAN'T devices do.
. Hoe do you like this photo?
Don't forget our special 5th sunday sale April 29!
Bad idea of the night...watch a creepy CSI then a scary movie - then go to Central Park at 3 am. Excited...
that sucks you guys back home now
did I send mine to you!!! Can we have signs ...
Working on my last article of the year. Ciao, 2011!
Wedding was a success they both looked amazing! Time to eat praise God!
Hard to believe there may be 5 WhereCamp events this year - SF, Nairobi, DC, Boston and EU
do you know she was at Seminar the broadway play with Alan Rickman too? Not in it. Just there.
Santa's coming... Did you hear that....He is an angry elf....All quotes you will hear between now and next year..boo yah!
nobody asked
What model do/did you have?
DALLAS PLANO ALLEN #BlacklightPartyOct22 BE THERE!
no it's only 11.41am here
It's weird watching this game. As much as I hate the Bears I just can't convince myself to root for the Eagles
Frank: Do u have brownie, cake mix for the brownies Amber: No..Well maybe @ work F:That's why we need 2 go 2 Wal-Mart A:I have jello.
#askjason ASK ME STUFF(:
ok the next 2 weeks are terrible for me, but i can squeeze the story in sometime during the day :)
yum! I love the color what's in it?
RedOakDiner in Montgomery had INCONSISTENT Customer Service on MothersDay: some tables very happy: fast service with their waitstaff...
's ears must be burning. I've been singing their praises at #nafsax for making our regional website transition so easy!
Like last year!
I'm with you there. I didn't have any expectations going into it, so I was impressed.
RT : margaritas. Responsibility is for losers
Bruins Win!!!!!
Ohh, really? Maybe that's why my Mom didn't want me to ask my Dad abt his time in Korea.
Loving your website and services BTW :)
nothing but love, keep your ear aboveground, here it comes
. Is it the same? Eminem makes statement for Chrysler (Detroit authentic) & Brisk (edgy). Lima(even 2x) just a pretty face for the guys
gonna take a shower then hit the covers(:
Ready for Monday
Gleason used to rack balls for me when he was a kid in Brooklyn and in Long Island. - Minnesota Fats
I think manufacturers should make it a point to make safety gear as inexpensive as possible. $500 for an avalanche beacon is crazy!
follow back :)
Can't seem to think of anything to get the wife for Xmas....
it was great! Had home made Italian dressing with huge cucumber, too! How's the children of the cornbread looking?
Just died a little after seeing
Well done is better than well said. - Benjamin Franklin
- Congrats on the move! Inked will miss you.
I lost my phone. I really wish i had wand in moments like this. I could be like"Acio phone"! But no..Damn muggleness.. :)
Lil riddle/math question, if NJ=G+T+L and CHI=NJ-T+L, what does CHI=? And to the old man next to me, pick ur balls up off the ground!
My wife gave birth to our second child this morning. I'm so thankful to God everything went well!!
RT : "The word philanthropy comes from two Greek words that together mean 'love of people.'" my new fundraising book
Absolutely! Have a fabulous weekend!
Funk Master Flex
Lord, Father Son and Spirit God, send your angel today to release me from my prisons, keep me in you way, and send me to specific people.
Where the buffalo roam
Beautiful day in DC, lush Cherry blossoms everywhere!
your twitter links do not work :(
LMAO IM DYING“: llam at bitch u aint been to my house i knew it was only a matter of time llam”
Thanks for the RT! I'm happy my post reached you. Thx
yeah, forget mornings! Boo!!
A1) As a child, we see possibilities as endless. As a adult we put our own artificial roadblocks to what is possible.
Im so emotional right now, Im crying over everything and anything right now
ooh really now
just tweet once! lol
Bo worries. Looking forward to it. :)
Don't Freak Out Yet, There's Probably A Simple Explanation!
RT The killer app for undergrad research is EasyBib. Zotero is overkill for anyone but honors thesis. /via
Back from the DC United game. Got home in record time. Now watching the Euro 2008 Championship
let me check websters and make sure you dont need cursed. I do need a good smoke tho.
Loved the "End of the World Party" Idea! Someone please run with that!
autocorrect is nice... some of time... kinda. But when it comes to _learning_ proper typing style it is a hindrance at best.
haha hell yeah no one's more clutch than Kobe
Thanks so much for noting me in your tweet! I just got back from a trip and am behind on watching but will comment when I catch up!
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be. – Abraham Lincoln
Malik you finally inboxed me . I'm going to kick your ass forreal
i always pretended i was afk. i was mean
lol me too that and so co I just like to drink lol
My Facebook is stuck on a picture of kevin hart using the bathroom(:
Heh. "your pull request was seen by tenderlove on May 16th"
Just walked by a booth called, "The $40,000 Money Tree." That doesn't sound schemey.
so happy for you!
I have to agree~! LOL:d
Clinton: "we're the only country in the world that has a major political party that denies climate change"
Just heard for the first time... Diggin it. New obsession.
Romney's basic pitch: Obama has failed, but basically everything he's done I'd have done - or else I have done - too.
por favor no flirting on my TL I'm about to throw up
FlavorsFtLauderdale Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
that was super annoying inviting people to my grad party
lol...does it? You picking me up tomorrow right?
What is the greatest girls name ever????? Everyone tell me what you think is the best girls name ever
Last week for ads in the April issue...we have special prices for FB friends, hit up for more info
Cant wait to find out which Mixtape Coast2Coast is puttin me on
I'm pretty excited to learn about this database I didn't know of, called CQ researcher. This is the nerdiest moment in a while...
My first friend! Hey, are you planning to go to the book club this time? I would but am having trouble getting into the book...
Thanks man. Tryin' it out for a little while.
DETROPIANS! We are about to launch our first ever Loki Films Kickstarter campaign Thursday. Last minute tips anyone?
Come on, Will!
#20thingsaboutme 20. Last but most importantly, I am a Christian and I love God with all my heart. <3
Omg last day of High School, its gonna be emotional!!!!!! I'm crying already :'C i'm a little bishhhhhh
it's my bday since it's 12:30 wer I at plz make my bday wish come true and follow me
yeah or obey of those army trench diggers. :-)
More recalls... Don't we spend way to much time on this crap
Mission Early to Rise a somewhat success this morning...#productivity !!!
Museums I'd like to work in: Western Museum of Mining and Industry, Thomas Jefferson's Poplar Forest, Burlingame Museum of Pez Memorabilia.
3) Practice, then reflect. Grade/eval more on reflection than practice. (Helps with group work anxiety.)
At the Back to the 80's Dance! Soo much fun... Not really Lolz =)
get ur lazy ass up
A4: Gr8 idea w -best is free #MLB #ExtraInnings preview, watching now...haven't checked but should b tons promo there
Josh Hamilton now has 17 home runs for the season. The San Diego Padres' entire roster has 12 HRs in 2012
Hi Glen, Thank you for following! Hope you have a great week!!
carly's really not good live lolol
I know what I was thinking… but didn't realize the later records are so weak.
I try to get back at all of my fans
aggregated. bc it's all about curation now isn't it.
Well off to bed I go. Gotta wake up early so I can start setting up the school. YEAH ME!
what the balls.
Oops. And now my stomach is definitely mad at me.... x]
Over my dead body
When the green flag drops the bull shit stops!
Where do your favorite come from? I'm in search of the ultimate wings. I have an unhealthy addiction to GOOD buffalo wings...
Need a caterer for an event? Our mobile sushi bar can go just about anywhere! Contact for your next party
i think you ment to tweet that to yourself <U+270B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0086>
Reputation is what the world thinks a man is; character is what he really is. Anonymous
What is going on?
Anyways I still have to do my history project and test corrections for bio. Then I need to make a psych bag
“: You are crazy if you can't ACCEPT what each player has done or doing. No need to debate the same stuff each night.”
Tonight, 8pm, Emma Bull and Will Shetterly will be joining us for dinner and drinks, and favoring us with a brief reading of all new stories
M… shaved calve heart pizza.
chillin with the cestie derek :PP ---> mY pAnDa wont B backk for a WhilE she caTcHing thoSe Z's so hmu if U wana speak to Her ;-D
I'm gonna shave off half of my hair and dye the rest blue. Guys are gonna be all over me.
That moment of happiness when you find out that everyone hates the same person you hate.
Hockey silly lol
Who invented black jelly beans? And why in the hell are they in MY bag? Blech!
95% of the sentences I say I end with the word "yo", just because
Alright. I gotta stay at school all night tonight.
Is "Where on Google Earth is this?" an acceptable parlour game?
Love you too and you will get your song tonight :-)
Stupid Andrew instigates shit.
Walker will be playing with them as well:)
You may now eat the bride #JackInTheBox pure hilariousness
- More of a personal discipline/responsibility issue... we can't use every deficit in our community as a "right".
Enjoy your weekend!
Actually, I heard recently that professors' retirement accts perform well b/c they set them up and don't touch them for 40 yrs.
awesome job bro keep up the good work
my new hero MT : I've found a justifiable non gratuitous reason for including "Everything's Coming Up Milhouse!" 2x in a presenation
Ilyasova is on his grind.
I'm not sure of the details about my great grandfather, I'll see if my dad remembers anything else:)
the ridge
If you could have your guitar strap look like whatever you wanted, what would it look like?
Haha omg I love the mixtape! You were right its definitely 18+ lol
": "The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate." - Oprah Winfrey #quotes"
FACT: The Chipotle burrito weighs one human head.
Congrats on the win today! I'm stuck on the East Coast with lots of rain and no snow:(
this better be good.
Oh yeah its cool. You can play Audition with my friend and not text me. *secret* im lying. Its not okay.
That's what I like to hear, ma'am! A nice, formal apology. You are an awful friend. But I forgive you :-)
#Giro Glad to learn that dossard No. 108 has been permanently retired. It was a terrible shock to watch Wouter #Weylandt die on live TV.
Same old shit just a different day.......
#liestoldontwitter... But truth is u don't have no gas
here is an idea...EAT SOMETHING!!
RT : Glad to have speak @ our #meetup on the 17th providing the venue & Jerry B from providing refreshments
Especially via social media, think about what those who are connecting with you want to see and hear. It's about engagement.
#FF Have a great #SUMO weekend!!
Still smiling from the M. Ward show tonight. He played everything that I wanted to hear and Conor Oberst came out during the 2nd encore!
She keep her shyt clean I can hear it squeak when she walk
Vidal Sassoon, thanks for making us all look good. RIP
Rock'n the house in Orlando! Go
I should hope so
I went back and started trying all pass words I ever use, finally I got it. I did not find support in Twitter help for this problem...
Nope! Down 3! Heading home
I am loving the #Google home page today (:
Which was the moment when I impressed you most?
Come join me and the crew of Jersey Shore show this Monday, at Aztec in Seaside Heights. Lots of free of Bleacher Creature T-shirts
What are you watching?!
Thanks for the FF! We loved having you at the #ALAconf and enjoyed the tweets! Hope to see you in MD for the 2013 show!
Well, that makes sense . . . was curious if there was another reason, industry wise . . . Thanks for the info!
kudos to ms. williams!
I like the pic. Cute kid's
We are beginning to gather in the parking lot!
People that eat by leading with their tongue are aliens or lizard people. And don't get me started on the fork on teeth scrapers.
Ww have to choose the live shot for the back still. We will do that on Monday :)
Mosie you have almost made it 16 1/2 years as a loyal faithful friend,but now it's time for goodbye. I will miss you 12/1994-05/2012 Love U
Thank you! The Revolution continues...
Ah no :( Now I feel bad for wishing an infection upon it. But get it done forrealsies.
Confidence, Composure and Consistency.
which concourse/terminal are you on?
I think fertility clinics shd b set up n back seat of chevys so IVF women everywhere can feel they got knocked up just like everyone else
“I use #PLDLinux with #XFCE on my x64 machine. While wearing venetian-blind shades.”
Shake that ass hunny :)
Thanks for the follow Laredo Daily (LaredoDaily)! :)
isn't that what We have kids for? To get the remote when ur too lazy?
Is Say Somethin going to be on iTunes!?! I missed it!? I forgot you were in a different timezone! )':
haha that's awesome! I might have more then I should tonight, but it's ok lol
I love my advisor.
"fear not, for i am with you."
Never frown, because you never know when someone is falling in love with your smile.
Super jealous about #AmazingRace folks headed to Buenos Aires. I'm sure I'm a portena at heart.
Thanks I will let you know
We lift ourselves by our thoughts. We climb upon our vision of Imagination is more important ourselves. than knowledge.
It's all good! Do your thing! Your second choice career perhaps? Life is too short to be miserable 5 days a week :)
Don't think. Just do.
Congrats to Pablo Bermudez () for winning baseball Player of the Week.
What is Gus's mother's name? Cindy (pg 55) or Emily (pg 230)? Maybe I'm reading it wrong.
rlly?Aww:/no i stopped also:(i thought u were like some random person frm skool lol:)if u c anthony will u say hi to him 4 me?
If the NCAA Tournament started today, who would you pick to win your bracket?
wow that was quick! I will have to download it tonight!
I hope you make it through babe!!! LOL
see ya! Haha
#imsofuckedup I told my best friend "I'm so hot" when I walking like a giraffe upstairs. Do giraffes walk upstairs?
WOO CONGRATULATIONS! that's totally awesome
Welcome aboard Mr. Saturday.
Tony Auth's Sketchpad | A Change of Seasons Tony Auth's sketchpad on the change of season from Thanksgiving to Christmas.
ha that's my dad :)
thanks Sergio!
On Deck: Baby Shower....It's A GIRL!
Go go Gomez!!!!
RT #NCSC love getting the history of the charter school movement from Bill Clinton himself!
Might want to try ol' fashioned emailing too?
Just so that the people know. My "Hand Me The Crown" will NOT be a free download. However will be available on iTunes and Hard Copy..!!
Are y'all going to post photos of these new jerseys at least?
Just watched a thriller on Netflix. Would like to see #QR sidebar of film background details.
I can create a "Kardashboard" that gives you herpes when you drill down.
I had a dream like Mr. King (number two) But when I awoke I found it ain't true
don't you just hate it when you get cozy & are almost asleep, then you have to go pee?
M. Sweet Freedom. Thanks for the heads up! :)
I'm going to assume the poop was in high heels and she was picking it up. Man, LA IS weird!
you going to simone's
Tried some great restaurants in LA thanks to some of your check ins.
where I can download this amazing song I love this version
GL: thanks Claire, Jim Lee, Christine Balance. Start with moment blessing for ancestors all over world whose sacrifice made today possible
Picked up a graphic novel.. and heading over to the gym... feeling like a character in a Manga.
Lights will guide you home.
Is that the sweet taste of clean water? No, it’s the sweeter taste of making sure Iraqis have clean water
I will circulate your photo to my staff and tell them to overcharge you. If i can find a sober-ish photo of you. Ha ha!
I wish seamless could deliver bowls of cereal.
follow me back pretty ? :)
Two shows tomorrow (Wed) at 1pm and 3pm at Broadway Comedy Club. Get tickets in advance. We sold out today. Dont miss out on the fun!
New brilliant idea!!! Starting new trend for birthday party tomorrow -- follow the cray-crayness at
i want to write "there are a multiplicity of" but word is saying it needs to be "there is a multiplicity of" & now i am confused & annoyed.
Happy Birthday!!!
what's strange is that someone i believed to use twitter A LOT actually has less tweets & followers than i do. i've been back for like 2 mos
Bummer! I fly out tomorrow. Enjoy the 'fun' portion of #sxsw for me.
If the BBC was a person we would be such wonderful friends. We'd have the best time just hanging out all the time.
aye, what's Roberts twitter?? (:
it's the same color as the Italian suit that we looked at but I didn't buy it. I got a slightly dark grey one from express!
sweet....I went to second light at daybreak....got .2 little tubes, I was happy with the sesh!!!
Awesome!!!!!! Tell Sai at the Cashew Nut I said Hello!
arepas! actually so much better than Coupa in Palo Alto
Cruel pants
That sad night a night before school..
And we just added watching Killer Elite (starring Jason Statham of course) to our night :)
No regrets, my tweeps! We most regret what we do not try. Do it. Live it. Write it!
u got 2 other dues when he gone...<U+270B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
I love your blog
bout to hit the sheets!!!! good night everyone =)
A very special thank you to everyone helped put this #movember in action here in Baltimore. Donation totals coming soon, stay tuned!
Eating a pop tart and drinking hot tea
when the hell did that happen??!!..seriously..whats next..skorts?...lol
New Orleans Pie The Series is in negotiations for a full 2 season run and distribution, we are about to go viral people!!...
For the new followers : if you want to ask me something or you Neef more followers just tell me !!!
Thank you! :)
Buying tickets to 's concert tomorrow, hope I get m&g :)))
#kidscasting just 35 minutes left to ask kids casting agents how to get kids into tv and film
I <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A> thunderstorms.
dude that's what it's all about! The enemy was defeated and death could not hold Jesus down! He saved us all! He's risen
you get robbed pat?
Hat-trick for Thierry :-)
Gonna play Black Ops with my bro
"The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance - it is the illusion of knowledge." Daniel J. Boorstin
Due tomorrow = do tomorrow.
RT : you coming to bvu lunch & learn tomorrow? --> Sorry. No can do, BIG prospect meeting.
Here we go...Carlson on the Law on
“: Work was a bad choice.” I hear ya.
#1ofmymanyflaws I forgive people too easily
When sends you an 11 min video called "how to Twerk for dummies" <<<<
Sitting at the mall with Paco bored as fuck lol
Hey man, I'm looking for a job in NY, any leads?
FischerWhat is this life if, full of care, We have no time to stand and stare?W
If God is for me, who can be against me?
Good morning! Making that magic happen! ;)
Happy Mothers Day
10% off for you on cell phone accessories, repairs, phones, pager repairs. Just say you're a Twitter follower.
This #HungerGames race thing is hurting my feelings. Even in the middle of all that's going on.
haha...the worlds' big enough for both!
I'll take a follower whenever I can!
#SometimesIJustWant to be a fish and forget everything in three seconds
Sir, I wanna buy these shoes, for my momma, pleeeeeaassseee
aye broski, u gotta true friend in And you can do better alot better than that hoeski. Get well bro
that's crazy.
cat is snoring like a bad boyfriend
It's getting harder and harder to carry this big ass sack around.
;-) are those the so-called thousand year old eggs ?
Taking a break from the studio, hope to get out before 5:00 am!
Praying my little heart out.
What??!! When & how did she die?! That's awful, she wasn't that old!?
"we need people from all sectors to make the movement"
Thanks, Jessica. One of these days I'll actually get back to writing for the blog.
Family Guy.
New to Twitter and trying to connect with #SLPeeps - hope this works!
Judge me by who am not by what you think..
Love it!
I am profoundly jealous.
I could eat trail mix al day <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
i love how we had a random lunch at the ranch market :')
Thanks for taking it! I appreciate it.
Never give your time to someone if that one never respect ur feelings.
That's how it goes. I've had a few servings already myself!
About to call my baby in a few a talk till we fall asleep <3
you said you were at the movies alone. Your FB status said married. So where is she tonite? LMBO.
thank you :)
Private Practice, Grey's and now Scandal. Good stuff!!
Popcorn popped. Almost time for movie night.
So I'm at work to tonight, it will be a long 1
Derby day on Monday is going to be so fucking
See this is what I'm talking about. lol.
Good Morning Twittervillers
Its a wrap
Countdown......#9days till
BZ: "The gene itself is not necessarily deterministic; it’s what’s being expressed, and how the body is responding to it."
: Oh, you're having a bad day? In 1976, Ronald Wayne sold his 10% stake in Apple for $800. Now it's worth $58,065,210,000.
Need Fantasy Baseball help? Tweet right NOW until 5p ET. Ray Flowers () is there to help YOU.
That moment 50 of your friends post on fb that they're now "an alumni" and your little Latin heart dies inside.
Did the plane leave without me? #ThisiswhatIgetfornothavingasmartphone!
That's true he's from Canada.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you're singing your heart out in the car with the windows down and a car full of people pull up next you...
Hm, what to wear?! I've amassed quite a fetish nurse wardrobe & I have to plan my nurse outfit for next Friday's show.. Any suggestions?
Im at tutorin watchin dis act of a play (practice)
I'M SO HONORED :))) bahahaha! Love u too girl!
Yes! Me too. They are creepy.
Happy Mothers Day!
SWC's Gotham St. entrance will close for construction Monday, May 21. MTS buses will stop on Otay Lakes Rd., not enter campus.
amazing poets
Do you currently use a LMS and social learning?
Two words: Bird. Internet.
so lucky!
Recruiting for a Regional Account Manager for a client in Chicago. The Account Manager will drive sales of software solutions and services…
She Give All Dhat Brain And Still Haven't Learned Shit
One of the virtues of being very young is that you don't let the facts get in the way of your imagination. -Sam Levenson
Why are there never enough outlets at tech conferences?
thanks fam and happy early birthday!! Live it up bruh!!
have fun tonight and stay out of trouble you crazy kids.
damn settle down over there!
Cleveland State also loses their 1st rd NIT game against Stanford, 76-65. Bad night for NE Ohio teams in NIT.
Whaaaaaawhooooooo it's Friday.
Microcosm through Macrocosm: flash flood of quantum perpetuity: psychopyrotechnic efflorescence of omnipresent cognizance.
When I say that I won't tell anybody my best friend doesn't count.
she pissed me off!!!
LMFAOO IT WAS A JOKE>
I have to but I can't do it v_v an Good Job
i`m such a good driver
it just makes me think of a child's drawing of "home alone"
Ok let me find out otherwise!!!! That's a BET!!!
thunks are like a pop on steroids. it's not natural. But since my back feels better, I'm going with it.
Happy Star Wars Day!
you cant always have good luck , so i will understand & Also thier is always a next time !
Good Afternoon !!
Who is this Chris Rock impersonator?
GOOD EVENING TWITTER FAMILY, Dove Style Magazine has great articles & info on health, fitness, finance, celebrity interviews and much more
Family should be a little more about supporting each other and a little less about blaming each other.
Did you see this Dave? www.skyspark.eu/web/eng/index.php
Happy birthday from San Antonio TX, April, and may you celebrate so many, many more7! ")
Thirsty Thursday,Cinco de Mayo style...
Lots of questions on Juan Mata and Arsenal. The interest is genuine but I think it depends on other deals. Don't know if it will happen.
Q2: That one day at a time works and so do the 12 steps.
Be sure to check out Bandwidthmusic.com! Great indie music online store!
went and rented Footloose again, I should really buy it. (;
Thank yoU!!! Thank you!!! To everyone who came and supported A.Y.S. Grown Folks Game Night. It was a HUGE Success and it was alot of FUN!!!
Get fly or go home #1 rule Shay Shay
It's long past time for some sleep. Better late than never.
the best one)))
that's the easiest decision!
Almost to Texas for SXSW!! Party on!
Don't ignore Facebook, rather, plan for it: A tale of two organizations’ Facebook responses to crises (from )
yeah I use it more for bookmarking a la a better pinterest, but I get the issue with my site, for sure. Though so far my seo is ok
“: Someone needs to invite a alarm clock that emits the smell of bacon.” mmmn YEAH. ;D hahahahaha :P
teacher talks about bill clinton & brings up sex i start cracking up then everyone stares at me like a dumbass.
Thanks! : Such a fun, creative idea!
but Lambeau Leap is OK? As arbitrary as defenseless receiver rule.
Even an angel can end up falling
Random. I live on Kestrel Place. First time, I've noticed the bird in a book. Twice. The Soldier's Wife.
- YW! As always, thank U for all the great financial tweets.
Oh, you want the cameras out of your face? Please tell me more about how you protect your anonymity while you sign a release form.
: sick Drum KiTs
This weather is beautiful! Thank you Miami! (Now if I could just get off work to enjoy it!)
Thank KSDS for wonderful live jazz programs! Kevin Mahogany charmed and wowed the Saville Theatre crowd with vocals & humor tonight.
Oops upside ya head (the big headache the bigger the pill) (the bigger the doctor the bill) W.E.F.U.N.K. Say Oops upside ya head
Watching this piece on the Congo's Kimbanguist symphony orchestra...pretty darn amazing stuff!
learning how to camp may or may not be easier than learning people better.
lol thanks :P
rocked my Stonehenge audition & has an audition tomorrow for my first PAYING gig! Oh yeah, got cast in another short too! A good week indeed
hold on, let me go find the nearest toilet so i can throw up. since when does chicago want boston boneheads running our teams?
Khloe isn't really a Kardashian? That explains so much about why she comes out being the ballsy yet normal one! XO to Khloe.
Come rescue me from this place please..... thanks.
He has decided to cut back on the episodes. Will broadcast occasionally, but no longer every Friday night.
I love NY!
State of Nation's Children missing from speech: Children’s Leadership Council Urges Renewed Focus on Children
Caught Squawk Box this morning on You're right, much better than Morning Joe.
That Photoshop is so sweet, it could be pudding. So I guess both?
Love is like a fart, if you have to force it; it's prolly shit.
Getting a tattoo isn't crazy. Shutup Caroline!~
homework loo
I love you, Susie, and we've only just met! Thanks for the follow!
Did the Aluquerque , Santa Fe, Taos trip a couple of years ago...great scenery & great jewelry, too. Have fun!
! Look At Me and lOoK at u.! Now tElL me nigga... WhO's JeAlOuS oF wHo?
That sounds perfect for you. Hope you like them! I just bought $160 in shirts...and moved across the country. I need to wait.
Awesome! I will try today!
I'm sorry to say that it simply just does not work that way. Businesses and consumers are NOT going to conform to what you created
Gotta do what I gotta do
#CulturalMuseums Symp on (re)presenting America-on culturally specific museums.All male presenters this morning. 1st afternoon panel:6 men.
Tastes like FREEDOM. And a little bit like gasoline.
Not to difs your Linneaus emulation, but isn't the near-f-as-s only ufed internally or at ftart of words? Or do I mifremember?
MVP Media produces videos for Prison Fellowship&#39;s Angel Tree Football Clinic at Stanford University and Operation ...
Did you know NEW #CRE Brokers Get Free Email Blasts? Sign up with PL today or contact us at — 888.889.1063
#NamesnMyphone Y DID I?
Server problems tonight? Unable to get email on laptop, iphone or #cox webmail. Help!
We should should jam soon.
#kanyetweets First the New Yorker, then Josh Groban, then some Grandma in a rocking chair. Please, not the Muppets next.
Quote of the night: "I'm certainly no saint."- Chuck Moran
RT : You may not feel or see it, but believe that God is working in your life right now. –Joyce
it is changed now?
56k at 2nd break. Playing good, feeling good
I just noticed lmao.
Tough loss for the Giants today...need Pavano and the Twins to knock off Doc and the Jays to salvage my baseball Wed.!
dress n heels .
Its starting to look alot like Christmas!! Not realy! Haha
You're always welcome!
errbody like Song/Poem writter....he goin in on his tracks
Thanks for following!
WHAT? Carroll Shelby died? WOW... that is fucking terrible....
A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool. #Shakespeare,
Delegate RT : Problem is, how could a principal find time to keep an eye on, say, 14 teachers' social media interactions?
Looking forward to seeing some #bt2012 tweeps on the Koka Booth Lawn tonight... Who's with me?
my little sister was talkin' to somebody on the phone w/ someone and said were just all fried lmmfao!!
Hahaha funny! And thanks for hoping it'd go well :)
Thank You to everyone who came out to NBM Baltimore and ISS Atlanta!
Making big dreams come true requires 4 things: organization, communication, dedication and follow through.
thanks a lot Danny! It did help me :) Just need to finish the speech and hopefully study for some. ehhhh
orientation! Straight from #TribeFest to the next big thing! 1500 people in Vegas, then 700 miamians in Israel. Amazing!
hint...it's the country you live in! ;)
Law and order svu with out stabler sucks
1.. ? Why would anyone have more than 1? RT : How many twitter apps u got on ur phone?
I've seen miracles just happen. Silent prayers get answered. Broken hearts become brand new. That's what faith can do.
"Right now, statistically, it's probably one of the best years I've had," James said. Like he doesn't go home an compare every night.
hmm y but #teamfollowback if u dont follow back?
My eyes hurt so much!!
Once Again., From First To Last. Only One Guy Has Been Different... /: I Swear To You Im On The Border Of Becoming A Lesbian.
If a dude got a bald spot does he get a hairline?
okay i didnt mean it like that in okay do you charge a lot to be a producer because i need one bad
WTF WTF a gazillion times... No school again what the hell! Curse u snow!! T__T
Muscles are 72% water. When body is dehydrated, strength and power are diminished. Drink every 15 min during
Biz op in Tulsa! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Contact us!
Happy Labor Day U.S.A. !!! Happy Monday To The International Peeps :)
“ Some days, I love you. Some days, I hate you. Some days, I miss you. Either way, I think about you everyday <U+2665>”
“: “: Never mad at crimped hair” I wouldn't be mad if that fad came back!” I want to crimp my hair!!!
RT : #pla12 say "yes, and" instead of "yes, but" to keep conversations open!
LOL!!! it's pretty good for a laugh!
Feels like a friday and its makin me mad .
Part 2 of my story is up guys :) Check my favs!!
fuck am tired
When your leg falls asleep and when trying to move it, it tingles <
Goodmorning Have A Good Turkey Day[:
it must be hard after putting so much practice into your diving, to still lose.
hey Joe good friends with joey coco diaz you should checkout my baseball podcast i met you at zookeeper premiere
Hi David. I have an opportunity for a SharePoint Arch in New Haven area. Know anyone? Can you help?
Working with the negatives to make a better picture.
I miss you so much..You don't know how much it hurts me.. To not see you today..but I'll probably see you tomorrow so it's okay :)
We recommend going 2 see Roy Hargrove &Grill N #Hollywood this week. Everynite this week thru Sun. Brilliant #trumpet player.
Let me shut up yo.
In a few years I hope to catch the world by the ears!
Babcock would be happy to help recruit free agents, also doesn't think the team will make many trades, more free agents instead
its all love in da end wen it come to me keeping it real wit someone
Nats skipper Davey Johnson says Bryce Harper may require a stitch or two on his face, may miss a game or two.
wheel sometimes we have those moods about stuff.
Good Morning,today we are at 7100 Commerce Way in Cool Springs **NEW LOCATION** from 11:15-1:30 with the FINEST country fixins in Nashville
Love families that have multiple weights. Would love to be able to filter for that.
Weather today in Vegas feels like I am in an X Men movie and someone pissed Halle Berry.
"sometimes the best way to live your life is to choose the experience that will have the most anecdotal value" yes!
I gotta talk to her
True true :P she will have a major complainingfest. Haha
Just when I gain a little confidence, in a strange way you remind me that I'll never be good enough
I as an American citizen would like to say that I'm very sorry. Now how about, you're sorry for beating a blind man & his family?
Also plz follow superdj . Had the place rocking yesterday. Playing ATCQ "Can I Kick It?" after each FG? Genius!!!
This episode ROCKED! Made my Halloween month that much more fun! Thank you. Oh and on a side note to Clana...if Lana ever
It is Tuesday at 8pm, time for #AmericanPickers highlight of my week!
please participate in are contest that starts 2-10-2012
Respect can get you far . . .
4 hours of sleep and somehow I'm still functioning this morning... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I dunno, I think it "pops".
in regards to my last tweet: all remixes completed so far, more artists are currently working on remixes!
It's finally Friday <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>.
sorry to hear that, email us with more info and lets get to the bottom of this!
What a fun idea: everyone contribute a flavor! RT #literaryicecreamflavor Woman Hollering Cream
The Kaiser's sorta seasoned at play-boating. Here's a tip, when cutting through rapids don't gut/ingest the froth/suds/water
10's 'cause we're bringing rock n roll back ;)
I wish I had a girl who looked good I would call her
I survived the USF Provost Roast! I am blessed to have such a wonderful group of friends and colleagues. Thanks 2 each and every one of you!
you know we wouldnt have too much fun without you.
why thank you, have a blessed day as well :)
Glad I hadn't raked the leaves yet. Those 60mph winds cleared the yard nicely!
One of the researchers is 's own Dr Heather Hausenblas!
no problem! :)
awe, tomorrow's picture will make you more like this <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
haha, I could be thinking of another drawing too...they start to blend together :)
Good seeing everyone !
We just got some new *White Master Kush *
Well, I guess its about time I start my homework :( Killah test tomorrow
Many thanks! Enjoy the events and keep us posted on what you see! Or want to see.
Paris was the worst!!
Our fundraiser begins NOW! Enjoy a great meal while supporting Encore! Help us raise 'dough' for our children's theater!
Congressional District 9 was won By Bigoted Orthodox Jews and Jewish Mayor Kochs, They're are so many Illegal Aliens Asians/Latin and Jews
free posters online
There's nostalgia for something that had a big impact on your life, and there's wishing it were still the norm.
#MensReproductiveRights You have the right to a conversation w/your partner before sex, about your feelings on to abort or not to abort.
STOP SHOOTING
. Excellent essay on vision of world, not size of government, motivating policy prescriptions.
Need to increase your total accounts receivables that you are factoring? There are usually no fees to do so.
I hear ya...the colts fans I can handle...its those damn boo boo bears I can't stand!!!!!!
Goodnight twitters whatever time It might be there :D
then monday night there will be cocktails?
--Well our cats goin to be gone she ate both of the fish:/ #DANG!
is hot! i needed to say that lol
Whitney Houston was one of the best singers ever! A real gift from god! There will never be another Whitney!
Smoking with my mom in the house.... I feel bad ass lmao jk
damn straight. Lmao they sell waffles too??
It has been a FANtastic morning on , previewing Opening Day! Thanks for riding shotgun with us and following along!
Thanks for the RT Andrea!
What a nice day 2day
It's awesome =] and yes, hanging out with one of my best friends later =]
It was a response to 's comment that there's a #thatcamp hive mind. Cool w/ a C was a typo & a pun :)
I am indeed in Baltimore, visiting my best friend, !
Aw thanks! I wish I had that much confidence in myself
RT Another saying I hate..." It was just meant to be." Silly way to deal with things not turning out the way you wanted them to
OMG I'm so sick of covering Tebow. There are so many players being traded and signing right now. Cover some REAL players!
mmhhmm that's what they all say. You were just thrilled I tweeted you ;)
If your desktop site is a buffet, your mobile site should be a nutrition bar. I like that.
goodbye manhattan hello Minneapolis. En route to
i give up -__________-
Did you plan your day? Are you working your plan?
Lol. It's Been Awhile *in britneys Break The Ice voice*.
Chicago Portfolio School is looking for instructors for Integrated Concepts, Information Graphics and Marketing your book. Send your link!
nope. I'll be sure never to hold the hat near the skirt.
Thank you for the follows!! Happy Wednesday!
shaq BS clips got game
Talent is not learned. Agree or disagree?
are you ready for your review?
#C.A.C.A Fuck our lives dude. Fuck. Our. Lives.
This crazy lightning needs to stop…
“: Palestinians hurled rocks in drive-by attack on Israeli civilian car near Nablus, the vehicle was damaged.” // A...
diggin your new avatar!
When I'm home alone, I blast the music
i wonder if facebook actually "knows" that i "have adhd", and has started showing me targetted ads for that reason, or if its just guessing.
RT I think I jus told on myself in tht last tweet lol >yea u did lol
Morning, everyone.
I love Mr. Wonderful from the new album
can you use #gianttoolbox on air lol
You can arrange for it to be more or less forgiving. You can turn off the backspace/delete keys...
Not yet but it's something we've got on the list...
I think I figured it out. Folks, watch out for the #AntivirusLive virus, and, obviously, don't pay for the software as it's a scam.
is my role model i wanna be just like him in the future
Ma'am, all I would like to do is zoom zoom ah zoom zoom... Preferably in your boom boom, with your explicit consent, of course.
Grinding In Tha Booth
All those farytales are full of shit. One more fucking love song ill be sick.
it's annual PMP time...
Can't wait to play Toronto again! we've got a whole new record that will destroy you!
aw, hope you feel better too!
What did I say that you like? would you like 3 songs mp3s just tell me what email address to send them to you.
I also think Frodo and Samwise's relationship is quite a true love.
My friend think he's smart. He said that the onion is the only food that makes you cry. I threw a watermelon at his face.
You know things are getting bad when everybody talks to everyone but you and you dont have anywhere to sit @ lunch..
"where you go i go. what you say i say, god. what you pray i pray. what you pray i pray."
oh ok
Hope everyone has an inspiring Sunday!
I feel ya.
i don't have a definite plan yet but I was thinking maybe in the summertime even though I'm sure it will be super hot
Oh, finally! The perfect way to get her back: steal the unicorn!
Interracial love is all good but get some general act-right in public, bruh.
When was the last time you created something new? Were you just copying a competitor, or did you actually create something new? Try again.
It's a damn shame that #TerraNova is the worst show I've ever seen, especially considering I've seen multiple episodes of Joey.
For those that want to follow me I am here to fight mortgage fraud not perpetuate it, you will someday answer for your actions.
Good night I had a great day with you at the park explain health problems that teenagers these days deal with don't rub to hard
I was doing really well with this Linked Data stuff until they started talking rapidly about vocabularies and relationships. :(
Such a charming way with words, Meg! RT : Sandy cold feet and planets overhead.
ugh. Almost. Damn it.
more than a couple loll
Okay..that new SWAMPS song..let me pit.
I loathe boring powerpoints and clip art equally...
- It's a pity that this kind of news no longer shocks the conscience.
Chevy is killing it. Great ads. Great branding. Good job guys!
#keepintouch with the old thoughts and RIP'S that keep us going
When you buy a magazine just for that one poster of Austin.
will u plz follow me. it would mean the world to me!
happy birthday
It never gets old when my dad goes from blasting inappropriate rap music to heart-felt country music.
Hi Julie! Thank you for following me. Hope your weekend is wonderful!
Always a great feeling!!
Back to the grind on my #screenplay. Trying to keep pace with amount of page numbers with
Di and I are headed there in a bit… was the wait long?
wrapping up a long day. A client upgraded her home office with a new #iMac and a #HP desktop along w wireless HP ENVY Printer. They r ballin
By the beard or Zeus...haha...
Mother's Day is just around the corner; Personalized gifts available at NYC Printing 123. From Personalized Mugs to Personalized...
Your acct has been hacked & is sending dms with links to malware. Time to change your password.
thats society for ya-.-
I actually have that I will check it out.
Headed to Madison to cover the turning in of recall petitions by Democrats.
The new "Cover 2 Cover" album from is almost ready for Mastering. Summer release planned.
- Open the calendar event to edit reminders, make sure you enter an End-Date, let us know if you need any help
When your name pops up on my phone screen, my heart skips about 748293 beats.
Excited to be back in philly after 2 yrs and to speak today. Brushed my hair for the occasion.
Yes, I'm going to Sunday but hope to go Saturday and Friday somehow. I'm from Seattle and live here again.
And hell begins now
Ryan Holmes just answered my question about social media and privacy live! :) I'm constantly amazed by the connections soc media can bring!
(cont) What is more surprising, friends as #tradesecrets or #MySpace is relevant again?
I hate when it's cold outside and then I go in a warm place and my glasses fog up.
yeah I got sick like the day after, no body aches, just a cough, runny nose. Finally getting over it.
great follow for bruce updates “: JOHNNY 99”
LED news: Taiwan Tekcore Installs Two Dow VaporStation Central Delivery Systems.
I LOVE MY MOM AND DAD. Thank u both for everything
True that!
I never find the need to be on my phone around my parents.
No patience.
That would be the most productive day ever. MT Twitter, Google, Facebook should join in [on SOPA blackout].
New Acting Resume coming up soon!
Whats some good websites you use to read up on health & fitness? (Workouts, articles, etc..)
"I can't use my phone left-handed!"
. Yes! Bc I'd seen that, I knew she was perfectly cast the moment I saw HG trailer. In both, she is fearless protector of children.
haha then I guess we have something in common. :)
The #Superdome show Jack wrestled on in 1987 actually drew about 3,000 fans, just 57,000 shy of his projection
Apr 14,1942: Nicolson diary: Roger Keyes is bitter against Winston. He feels he has lost his courage and capacity for taking risks.
AWH! #blushing How are you Mr. Ulrich? [:
Our giveaways for Thursdays Nutrition Through the Bump Event are SO ROCKIN! We can't wait to give them away! Everyone takes home a gift f…
I got a pair of tix burning a hole in my pocket...giving 'em away in 5 min. -
Have fun...RT Bookin it to Milwaukee to work a little and play a little. Taking Lil Fin to his first Brewers game tonight!
aww, and i'll still be in fla.. Have fun.RT": this time next week I'll be in NC!! :-)"
No you dont, you just assuming
You know was one of my profs at Duke?
Words with Friends with Benefits
I love it :D
If Rep. Schmidt loses her primary, it would be the most shocking primary upset since now Rep. Roe beat then Rep. Davis in 2008.
I love it when We're confused so you just say I love you<3
thanks for the mention! can't wait to see you there!
wrote the book on "“ignorance, belligerence, and dishonest rhetoric."
It's choice - not chance - that determines your destiny. ~Jean Pierre
can't get on the train without a card or a marta pass.
you too. Go #Packers!
hahaha! Hell yeah!
Don’t let the past steal your present. -Cherralea Morgen
I miss you to Jess RT : Just seen my homie CORNDOGGYY the gas station!!! Aww i missed that guy!!!!
So Liverpool lost...again?
We'll miss ya RT : Last day at the offices & playing "Time of yr Life" as I'm leaving. ha. thx all, ive rlly enjoyed it
me either..kinda bothering me -.-
twitter is better
Think I might OD tonight. Love some of you guys. Remember me, a worthless human being.
Snow in Chardon--check! CHOCOLATE POMEGRANATE MILK STOUT! Yep! Come try one for some early Valentine's Day sweetness!
lol you tagged Kayla twice......someone's still drunk
It's the big 4H show / auction - hubby has bidder# and will be bidding via phone to support the kids
yeah, no problem! also. yeah...totally can hear that. haha
There seems to be two main communication styles on Twitter - functional insight, and daily life insight. Guess which is the valuable one!
no worries homi.
#Tigers OF Delmon Young reinstated after suspension
#SignsThingsArentGoingWell Leonardo DiCaprio is in your dreams. (Not in a good way)
hey..checkout my bros music vid on youtube...supra-My Dreams Are Our Dreams..hes a rapper who talks about real things..
congratulations! October babies are awesome. ;)
This cougar ass lady just looked at me.. Then smiled at me. Smh
Hi Jessica, suggested me to meet you about our new product called the cellhelmet. We would love to show you.
No, but it's the perfect time and place for traumatic brain injuries!
oh my gosh, I love the feeling of being caught up and having a clean desk and calendar. It's like a cool breeze on a warm Summer's day :)
What stands out more: white font on black background or black font on white background?
Romney thinks people should discuss his assaults only in a "quiet room"
aww thanks! We have to meet up at a meet and greet or something!
I'm just kicking it out here you know, that'd be great for real
we should be ok... No Cubs fans!
I think Nicki & Nas could make a great couple <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB>
You're on! Thunder in 7, Old Raj Gin martini for me; Laker win, your drink of choice.
Buy properties 30% below market or more : info.sunnyislesmiamihomesforsale.com/
Also, the guys behind the Old Style Bar Project are available for advertising spots...we've both got a great face for radio...
You did a wonderful job. It's beautiful!
i called you. text me =D love u too brther!
Garrett Carey:1952-2012. remembers him for his gentle spirit & proving that supportive housing is the solution to homelessness.
Where are the high notes?
follow back:D x
Practically perfect people dont let sentiment muddle their judgement!
that quote really resonated with me too!
hey woman, you were in Monday's paper. I have it, if you want it?!
“: Mayweather on 24/7. Great tv” -- it has been unseasonably warm this year...
2012 Phenom Camper ° Jr Phenom: Gerald Lawson I °Rising 8th °Honolulu, HI °Travel Team: Le Jardin Academy Bulldogs °Point Guard 5’7
A little girl with autism puts her bicycle helmet on when I'm around; I must be "hazardous!"
is Zubrus on waivers, i see some reports online... but ???
efff. I forgot today is Thursday. Sorry I have completely failed you. Lmao
Thanks for the follow :D!
harry's when he says "us"
#OWIF: "I and my companion, Randyl, merely wished to see who climbed aboard our society's boat. You see, something smelled fishy."
I'm almost beating mom on my playcount #embarassing #whoops (cc: )
Totally fired up after seeing lead guitarist extraordinaire rocking it out again with tonight!
How's that song go?
my feet are falling asleep. and i just took some tylenol, I realized shortly after it expired in 06 :( sup???
Its kfc bitch
lmfao yeah fuck no, school can do die.
"They lump us together like we're one big uterus." -Lizz Winstead
": Happy Founder's Day to Theta Chapter of Latinas Promoviendo Comunidad/Lambda Pi Chi Sorority, Inc. !! GREAT BBQ EVENT TODAY :D" :)
would you like me to go for pictures
ughh dont feel good .. should start my spring break hw..
call me por favor c:
Loaded up on more Dev training for 2012
whats up twatters? who is doing something exciting today?
Producer loves story by on PSU grad students' idea to help Portland "food deserts" w/mobile grocery.6:30pm
Austin has a 'Mickey Mouse' pillow. <U+2665> RT if you wish you were that pillow......what Austin lays his head on everyday (;
I know..I do not spam, but please send a tweet to him? Please, We thank you always
First day back to school. Omg it's hard.
Can you persist until it becomes habit? I know you can!
seeing Nick Jonas in T-20 minutes <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><U+2764>
Fire Queen, Ben, Ciro and I might be rollin friday to big i.
I hope Secret Service are behaving over there
Nothing like an evening pole dancing class at to make the day seem so much better!
I have just finished and put up on Amazon Kindle and print on demand my new book, " Toni Attell's, Just Kidding! Stand-Up Comedy for Kids …
we played just outside eustis Florida. It would have been amazing to see you. Next time we're in Florida for sure!
He also shows that a Turtle can talk trash.
RT What are your favorite healthy week-night recipes? // lookin at you here chef dads,
Been a long day!
Directing my first short movie, a 1920s love story.
Can't decide what's worse, more traffic or more Humpdashian news
Never get tired of listening to Gets me every time.
brb while I go ya know kill myself
whoa girl. Check you out! Def need to. Food down there SUCKS.
Yuck Claire Foy well I'll still give this show a chance even though I still dislike her!
I love how my aau team plays, we play hard, we play together, we play with trust, and we love the game! Good weekend
that is very odd, sir. Lol
Dance like there's nobody watching; love like you'll never be hurt; sing like there's nobody listening; and void where prohibited by law.
no response? I guess hanging up on callers is how adults handle things
ADAM BOMB
oh no:'( #RIPAngel she's in a better place now.
OMG the new Naruto movie...waking up early tomorrow to eat breakfast and watch it, study, then go for my permit and some errands. <3 NIGHT!
Thank you for your quick assistance!!!!
Don't make plans for tomorrow night unless it's getting down to Vegas StrEATS! See you there.
Really? I thought all website betting was illegal except if done in Vegas. I hope I didn't cost you a million dollars!
Hey everyone...only a couple more days to get your deposit in for the Heartland Worship Institute before the next price increase.
Where do you post proofs that a customer hasn't chosen when you know it's not always the art work that disagrees with the client, perhaps m…
You are very welcome, When I do pencil drawings I always use Prismacolor for their bright and clean colors. New to Twitter.
Medallion hunting. Coming home with $10,000 or not coming home at all.
Thanks for retweeting me!
Just left the Lanvin, Givenchy, Carolina Hererra and Zegna showroom...oh how I wish!
little poison for the system.
Thank you so much for the RT. We appreciate your support:D..
Bleacher Report: Dallas Cowboys 2012 Draft: Evaluation and ...
Dontcha wish ya girlfriend was hot like me!?
My desire to hear new AHAF shines even brighter, I just don't want to pressure your creative flow
Whenever I fill out an application, in the part that says "If an emergency, notify:" I put "DOCTOR". What's my mother going to do?
I'm so proud of you!!! <3
. Creating articles is cool.
I'll keep up the fight, & you feel free to bring the nerd rage when you like. Good stories are worth it (the fight & the rage)
went too hard on those shoulder presses yesterday eh?
Jessica Sanchez: 'Bohemian Rhapsody' - USA TODAY (blog)
Glasses broke -___-
CSR Strengthens Its Audio Platform with High Fidelity Class-D Amplifier Technology
Watching Once Upon a Time on ABC. I think I'm hooked.
I know some soldiers in here (where they at, where they at)
i can't wait to go deep sea fishing tomorrow
Wait, cold stone or corner stone? Either way you are fucked! It's gonna come outta your ass or your mouth! Haha!
And more exciting news! is nominated for nominated for the 2012 Mallets Instrumentalist of the Year!
… your books are amazing I can't stop reading them …please follow me:)
Girl on the train walked by with a beer. yup!
...as a Pir in a dream?
Bi-Polar Bears usually attack without warning, then sob for hours while eating leftover walrus.
Best high ever RT : coffee after a three month hiatus is unbelievable.
#peoplewhomatter God,my family,and <3
A little Nascar....a little Indy....a little Vegas.....hm......
Brilliantly done!
A very happy #LaborDay! "Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life." - Confucius
I want to go to sleep but I'm hungry
We've got our first EP Fear Of Missing Out on iTunes. Please check it out if you've got a couple dolla bills.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Wow, I'm only 100 away from 1000 followers - neat.
Thank You so much for you support!!
Ibanez reaches after Chris Davis boots the ball. Two runs cross the plate to even things up at 5-5. Ibanez credited with one RBI.
Bathhouse in Vegas?
i am true to my own heart
Oh it IS trendy. Along with "I thank Jesus/God/My Goat for this award." Fuck that. But in terms of BEING humbled..
How nice--to feel nothing, and still get full credit for being alive.
Don't know who had more fun on that walk me or Toni
and I can't wait! Is going to be there?
I hope someone figures it out and does something because this guy has made way too many errors to play as often as he does
I be buying thangz just to buy thangz.
GOODNIGHT PLANET EARTH
Have a happy and safe Cinco de Mayo tomorrow!
Thanks for the follow. More importantly, thanks for speaking for the trees!
Hi im a hater, welcome to the internet. Smh
South Carolina i'm coming for yah... Get reaady South Carolinanians
Las Vegas tonight
We need to start celebrating greatness while the prsn still exists. Lauryn Hill is one of our many legends still living.
I want Vic Fuentes, end of story!
loving my Kansas Jayhawks #RockChalk!!!!! #KU Bill Self so proud of the team
jus in the studio wbu beautiful
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
I know, right?! I can't wait to be 21! But at the same time I like being young haha
Please hide the fire extinguishers
hugh hefner has the slip and slide that goes down the hill on his back yard at the mansion
It's time for Bob Ross!
TY so much, Adriana, for the RT of my blog on consequences of zero.
how come? Followers getting upset? Lol
- 5DmkIII silent mode & RATE button have been awesome for street photography while traveling
I dont get why yr fellow boingers keep blogging about the "side projects" of paten toll Nathan Myhrvold as if he deserve support.
is it my imagination or did the visual.ly embed used to have a share button? and now it's gone? i could be imagining things...
#sinceWeBeingHonest people are gettin crazy about how funny they say you are..
Heyy #RObotz! Got some very exciting news for you coming soon!
RT "Bored UCLA Student Joins Libyan Rebels." With any luck he'll be boring us to death with books about his "brave deeds" in no time
Oh..so can't wait for the #Devils and #Rangers to faceoff in
When written in Chinese, the word "crisis" is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity. ~JFK
I smile cause I have nothing to frown about
that's crazy how you and your son making the exact same face! Your twin
all happy memories. It's tough for sure. Hope you're having a nice day too. xoxoxo
really LOVED your talk. Not always sure soft dev is the place for me so super cool to see lean principles used elsewhere
#dontyouhate when your stuck at someones house...and there getting drunk or buzzed.. and you wanna go see your bf/gf really bad!! well ik
talihuffyq Green Car Congress: Volkswagen posts best March sales ...
I just hope the ticket I booked on Continental for ALA from CLE->LAX on Wednesday is not borked. LOL
forward to seing u on the 30thtwinkieclark
Where does the time go? Playimg catch up!
Did you guys read those recent parenting articles from and ?
Escaping the Nazis, Dr. Lise Meitner achieved her most famous discovery-nuclear fission.We need more #women in Science!
Congratulations Todd!
Awww and no Justin isn't following me I'm still hoping for a follow someday!!! Is he following you??? :)
I was in Rome 8 years ago and saw #redpants everywhere, I'm glad to see it's still happening. It makes me smile.
RT : Last Ocean League Game ever at Bev. Gotta end it with a bang.
Those cantatas there are great - plus w/ the conservatories + Handel & Haydn, you get the Mass in B every year!
excuse me. Season3 is great. Wacking Day.
Feeling down :(
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your updates and tweets. Cheers from San Diego! :)
I sure hope so. Still don't think he's ready for Martinez. But all signs point to it happening.
Today's social media tip: Think about all of the possible responses you could get from a particular hashtag before you implement it.
Ha. RT : Colorado's standing over in a corner being like, "YOU KNOW WE HAD AN #EARTHQUAKE TODAY TOO."
Two words:
Well, just earned themselves a well-deserved unfollow.
Amen RT ": Ur life is the biggest prize"
Happy "birthday" angie
i had no ride and no time
#wallycarmine just sounds ridiculous
Last nights pep rally for Exteme Makeover: Home Edition was inspiring. Great to see all the support from the community!
Go follow the most amazing guy ever he is the most amazing ever!!!
I always liked that line. :-)
Crying Doesn't Mean You're Weak!
Watching Cookoo's Nest for the first time. I never knew it was a Taxi prequel.
hi thx for following me, let's tweet sometimes have nice day.
Finally made my Amazon MP3 album purchase to test out Cloud Player. So far, I love them both.
ha! RT : I turned my phone on "Airplane mode" and threw it. Worst Transformer ever.
Eek! My cat had escaped outside, but luckily we found her and she is now safe and sound
Big Ten A's kick off the season tonight at Warner 1 at 7:30 PM! Come watch Jones, Padgett and the rest of the boys as they play Schoolers!
nope I'm headed to Noodles & Co
“: Mango's <3” Yes! We ended up there on Thanksgiving night after the lost souls party! Do a Jagerbomb for us!!!
email us your your address well send you some!!!
The battle for the basement! Go
Did everyone catch that Washington Generals burn against the Yotes? Wow. Red Wings = Harlem Globetrotters?
School's a bitch this semester. Sorry I haven't been around. Money is tight so I may have to get my ass fucked in the near future.
sorry, i love you but I'm reppin' my nuggets gear right now. Even when the lakers lose. I'll still love you
Yes, in fact is a big fan of Nirvana.
Somebody with the initials CL has a birthday tomorrow. Turning 21, right?
#ItsCrazyHow You can be there for your friends all the time then when you need someone to be there for you noones around .
Philadelphia's Achilles' heal is its biggest (in size) sports stars' Achilles tendons.
#Huge RT Win a Trip For Six to the iHeartRadio Music Festival!
The best things in life are unseen, that's why we close our eyes when we kiss, cry, and dream ~unknown
RT : Todd helton has been fitted for contacts. Look for Jimmy armstrong's story on Denver post website. This could explain slump
Rooted my Droid Incredible today! I love #cyanogenmod!!!
And now celebrating the flyers win with apparently one of James Vanriemsdykes best friends who lives in newark... Shots.
aw, just a wee disagreement! :/ <3
One week from today Debra Dean will be in #ROC for #IfAllofRochester 2012! Do you have your copy of #TheMadonnasOfLeningrad yet?
I'm really tired tho
nice! Glad you liked it! What CF did you go to?
One of our projects this week involves text analysis. Want to use text analysis for your course/project? Stop on by for a consultation.
you forgot brilliant and good looking...
My Dad just tried to bribe the hostess to cut the line at Red Lobster. Ain't happening. Not even in Vegas?!
This day in 1949: San Diego's 1st TV broadcast by KFMB-TV, Channel 8. Not everyone had a TV then, so people gathered at appliance stores.
NOW broadcasting @ www.getrichradio.com Brian Moran! Listen now and win the $1000 CASH prize!
that moment when you click on "4 new tweets" hoping that one of them is a picture of Julie on her wedding dress<3
I can't imagine how proud u must be of Austin :') #SAYSOMETHIN <3
Thanks for the #FF!!!
I hear you!
Context might be important for the situation...
LOL OMG!! Komen maybe? RT : wish somebody Hint, Hint, Corporate Sponsor wld give us opportunity 2 retreat
You, sir, are a man I impeccable taste.
It's #LEAPDAY. Hope everyone is wearing yellow and blue!
Apparently, I've got that boom boom pow. Who knew?
Got every tpom dvd so far!! :-D
Bring home the ACC title!!!
#bartrivia tonight at #whiskeytango Starts at 7!! Get your team together.
Rams their competition in the NFC West keeps em in the hunt.
Lovin' the profile pic! And glad to see you back on !
RT Sometimes I feel like I'm at the end of the road.
30% chance of rain ='s 100% chance of bullshit coming from forecast.
I'm glad you have each other! There was no way I was going into the theater... not even for two of my favorite men!
“It’s only fair 2 warn you Jody,” the man confessed. “I’m a #Golf nut. I live, eat, sleep & breathe golf.” Read on @ www.icugolfstories.com
i love
#snip.it is most interesting, thoughtful, fun, informative. Highly valued by me. Need more conversation, but that is growing.
Woowee! Congrats, well deserved.
Put the little things aside and focus on what really matters
How can anyone ever be with a C? Its mediocre
was you cold today?
what in hell did I just do?
You know what... I got a list of those who LIKED my shit... and believe you me i wont forget... lets ride!!!!!! fuck it
We all wet our lips to prepare for a kiss but it never came
Wow, the email traffic in the office has sure slowed down in the last hour.
Cant wait to be back with new classes! Took a break to have a baby :) We will have more to post soon. Nama!
RT : Bring our troops home, start making stuff in America, make unions strong & single payer healthcare
I wanna give your heart a break
Tonight!! Great night planned.
Spock is by far who we are most excited about for honorary degrees at commencement
Its Simple Bra
pick any day next week. U know we'll take care of u. Just shoot us an e-mail! Thanks for the mentions..
downtown, tonight!
yeah u right
Lets go #Brewers so ready for this game. Win or lose this season has been amazing! Mke is proud of you. Let's get that W!
New form of intellectual disability discovered
its not.. & I'm freakin' pissed!
The same Corporate Executive Heads that said TA don't have a market placement are the same ones that are offering the deals now. SMH
I'm not going to take the same old Sedan...or the new one.
My Friend Renee just registered for the County Music MINI Marathon!
Oh trust me, i give big kudos for saying and doing what he does, takes Huge fuzzy balls of titanium.
I'm going places. It may be straight to hell, but at least I'm moving.
#Milwaukee #PickNSave on #LyonSt. Thank you for the great #customerservice. You really made my day!
@ the Library: I just sneezed HUGELY and scared a patron. whoops. Blame the pollen.
Thanks For Following!!Excited to check out some of your music!!
still too darn warm, I opened the doors too soon today and warmed the whole house up.
Watching #TheAvengers. Review to follow.
#PUREHOUSE RT : Tonight & will keep terrace grooving! twitpic.com/6do59x
These girls are nasty
I've seen some examples. I know has done some great things with his participants.
if servicio postal doesn't have it be sure to email us at help at goodrock dot com :>) they may send it back if u don't pick up
The #Revs are looking actually decent and the Sox might be on the verge of actually winning back to back. Knock on wood.
really wants to watch role models but cant! ugh
Full Plaza schedule coming this evening.
Arboretum adventure has begun! Headed for a picnic in the park and a day in the sunshine.
Aj Pierzynski will not be driving to the stadium after his speeding ticket last week
its no prob fam. I got yo back Mel. ;-] so... am i buggin too much? Or just enough? Lol
because you are tweeting about it 15 mins before it starts ...so no I won't be there. Can't wait to see one of ur shows soon
Why thankee sir. Where in the U.S. are you touring tonight?
oh lala ...enjoy chef
i know you can fly you didn't just fall from heavan.
Mixed Martial Arts coming soon!
you Ok? Gotta spend the night in Dallas?
Remember that song from Cool Runnings? Rise Above It. Yes.
Alex looks like an angel when he sleeps. :) these are the kind of moments that make me adore my job.
At the Cloud Road show, HP acknowledged the iLO and embedded lifecycle mgmt had fallen behind competitors, trying to leapfrog now
thanks for the follow! Let me know if you need some new furniture or new mattress! You now have a Mattrezzz Guy!!!
It's my birthday weekend great time last night but on to the next one.
Tonight's Music and Movies Event Has Been postponed. I will let you know when it has been rescheduled.
We experienced site difficulties overnight and apologize for the inconvenience. We're back up and running now. Thanks for your patience!
lol, how could you not want to.
Day 2 of my "Vampire Roadtrip" To Atlanta ----> Awesome !
Hey Scholars, if you could create, peer review, and publish your own journal - would you do it?
Shelbyville Screams is coming. Please RT!
Thanks for the RT!
Just ROCKED that nursing final.. Summers so close I can smell it!
Thanks for the agreement!
Someone come over, i'm rather bored.
UPDATING STAR CREDITS! FOUND YOU TUBE LINK FOR MY EPISODE OF THE BILL COSBY SHOW - “GOING THE ROUTE” - (#1.11) – 11/30/69 RODGER- MARK BROWN
No. you're grounded!
BIG fan tfar. Lists feature allows you to keep projects organized. No learning curve. Lots of ways to access
miss my son <3
I need twitter training.
Dear BA: You can't "Set up" a "natural" rival.
Ramon noodles an grilled cheese for lunch ^_^
realtor? Try Heidi at Restaino.. will look for #... wanna meet for coffee? yoga? wine?
I had one of those moments where you fall in love with a band instantly and all you want to do is keep listening.
prefer music but ill listen to all submissions. make sure its at lease a high quality mp3
Thanks for following me, it means alot! C: <3
good nite big bro
Wouldn't it be great to see a picture of Logan grabbing Kendall's ass? Or Carlos and Kendall actually spooning?
ill be working on the hat soon it will be your power up
#Playoffs where amazing happens
Congrats on the new position with ! Happy Friday!
Im so excited forbyou guys. Share some pictures, please. Send love from denver to him.
this is true.
Thanks for the follow! I was a journalism student too! When's graduation?
well at least I don't wear in n out shirts lol
JANEY!! You left me waiting at the alter. How could you??? hehehe!
I'm having too much fun. Must stop!!! NEVER!!!!!!!
Suck on This
Christmas episode was deep.... Great episode guys!
Classes for kids and adults begin this week. Find a complete schedule at www.brevardartmuseum.org. Call 254-7782 to register.
nah. Go with good ol' Dodger blue.
Do you still use Google+?
Back in Denver yahoo!
RT : what says you need at : sunglasses, scarf, fleece...hair spray won't help.
CP3, Bynum and Kobe on one team would have been fun to see; but, ultimately bad for LA. All 3 are injury risks and you have no depth
How do you bounce back from your failures?
So sorry to hear. Can you follow us so we can message you back? Want to figure this out and hear what happened.
FunnY'Fun
your shrimp Acadia was amazing!
White people- John I think we should get some franks Mexicans- ey ey Rudy, go get some wienies
thank you, love!!!
": Your born to live the life you deserve, to express yourself, to be only one person and one person only. And that is, you."
There's a guy walking around on the roof and it's terrifying. Noisewise.
I'm surprise, cause gang members always in trouble
This was an excuse actually used on board my ship when I was in the Navy. "Sorry Chief, I was laying in my rack sound asleep and I was dr...
Can you please give me more information about your may event so I can post it and get my members involved?
Looks like I am having an offsite by myself.
they're both mighty fine personalities, Bij. :)
Thanks for the mention in your Sunday article! Are you coming to bike the next Cleveland Critical Mass? :)
Jeff Suppan's perfect game has ended. Imperfect game has begun.
I'll totally accept that from you. Not from the T, though. They must remain privatal and do things privatally.
I'm very new too as of Wed of this week :) you are on my favs!
one more chance for the Sox If Pirates get more and/or Sox 3rd out so am I! very tired,ain't given up quite yet #gotobelieve w/no enthusiasm
This phlobotomist is super nice. Laughs at my jokes. I apologized for asparagus for lunch.
Thanks for the RT Greytdog. I've had several responses, and I think I found someone in Anchorage who will help me. You're awesome!
watch A day in the life of freak_unit
with and Jamie Long for #girlsnightout! Love my friends...and #happyhour!
Frustration keeps rearing its ugly head! Well I'm just going to stay focused and push on. Just a bump in the road.
Anytime Facebook wants to put out a functional app that is Fan Page admin friendly...that would be great.
Bin Laden, you now realize why nobody uses the "add your location" option to their tweets. Because they don't want to be killed.
Looking for a wardrobe change?? Stock up some amazing T-shirts
That's the UK band you were telling me about last month, right? :)
i have a crush on my best friend but i dont date friends
thnx mama pat for lettin me followin u on to twitter
Just got my parents omahasteaks, 67 including shipping for: 4 sirloins, pork chops, chick breasts, stuffed potatoes & 2 sole! saved over 100
DING DONG THE BITCH IS DEAD! ": Ohio St head football coach Jim Tressel has resigned #ncaaviolations"
Sometimes I'm lazy, I get bored. I feel scared, I feel ignored. I am happy, I get silly. I'm just an ordinary girl! (:
School starts Tomorrow #sad #kinda glad but it my Freshman year
That's no Cinco de Mayo on #ds106radio Sure sounds good though :-)
Even though the heat lost they still my team
Heading to the #whitesox home opener with my hubby!
#ExpertVisibilityTip: When wkg w/corporations, remember the people you're working w/may think very differently than entrepreneurs.
Chris Edmonds live from Walt #Disney World tomorrow morning.
whoever marries josh devine or his brother is one lucky bitch!
I wouldnt suggest it , I heard the class is a force and Dr. Diskant sucks as a teacher
Black groups are always the loudest -___-
Let me be your hero...
These announcements would be better placed on...twitter.
George W. Bush endorsed Mitt Romney for President yesterday. We don't need Bush 2.0
may i bother u for a ramen house rec?
Pretty sweet mixing from
Fuck you Beethoven. I don't wanna play your shit.
it's a thing now
I like Tofu when it is marinated!
Girls/Ladies do yourself a favor. Check over your shoulder, put the phone down and LOOK AROUND! Where are the REAL MEN not CREEPY WEIRDOs!
whose all going to that color class tomorrow?
ah! okay! Let me know!!!! Milly&Giuli time is much needed!
Lol!!! you tried #crossfit! this made my day!!! interested in a little more? check out :) great day!!!
Are you on ? We are! Type "Life Slides Down" in your search bar and enjoy our debut album Faulty Wiring.
Happy Easter <3
I'm in love with God.
Lovin that new
From London to Ibiza
I love the #entertainment business I'm there dude!
Are you taking on any new clients
Band merch printers & CD replicator saving the musician money with Top O' the Line products for nearly 20 years!! It's what we do & love it!
Holstein with mad cow disease was lame, lying down - Coos Bay World
In the event of my demise.. There's not much to say.
<U+2665>.<U+2665> I LOVE YOUU!!! Je ti amo:$!! YOU ARE FCKING GREAT!!! Believe capital H-I-M(8)!!!! FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!!
Honestly you did it to yourself, so don't blame me.
I need to go to the hospital
yeah....got a glimpse here in town...very bright!
Just saw the trailer for RIPE. Can't wait to get our hands on it! Beautiful!
Also- the Popular page... Another instagram mystery. Everyone brace for 10 million pics of my cat and an accompanying YouTube page.
One week left of class then a nice break to finish a few paintings.
Fighting with the guy you really like <<<
Hey WWE Universe! Hurry up and tune into RAW. Already there? Good, now put down the remote and hop on Twitter for the rest of the night!
Where are you from?
With your blood in my hands, the purest romance will conclude.
But your Italian vineyard sounds awesome. I'm very fond of Brunello, Barolos and of course and IGTs and some whites.
Do digtl "representations" help explore the dual metaphor (body + perspective) more so than other representational technologies?
Elisha Justice was offered a scholarship this evening from Coach Rick Pitino. He will sign his LOI tomorrow.
Only one word comes to mind, there's only one word to describe....Holy.
I'm ready for a good show tonight!!!
It's always 5 o'clock twice a day.
im new to twitter..
Saltine crackers and grape juice taste the same coming back up... just in case.
Off to London tomorrow
When it comes to Casey Anthony I'm on #TeamHangThatBitch!
Off to commonwealth stadium with and go cats!
#mycrazyobsession with a beautiful voice
This is gonna bother me the rest of the night. WHY DID I GO UPSTAIRS?!
Boredom Hill no more! Mazel tov.
Ew, Summer A starts on Monday
#relationshipkillers RT There are many girls who would love a commitment loving bf. I am not one of them.
#6WordSciFiStory - I'll see you in the past.
How is it that a nice cruise around town with the windows down on a night like this only amuses me and no one else.
Worth the wait! RT: is a legendary #Seattle food truck. I saw people wait an hour at a food truck event!
34. ”Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.” - Truman Capote
just went up a mountain an way to many bees and we almost fricken rolled the car ugh what a day :/
aww thank you! :)
Not yet. My doctor ordered me ANOTHER thing to wear. Electro magnetic belt thing that helps with the fusion. Shits weird.
Cardio blast is no joke! But I feel great!!!
Tired of having a 917 area code? Change it to a 212 area code...we have plenty to choose from starting as little as $50.
i CAN NOT WAIT till this year is over.. i can't stand anyone at north anymore
I told you to be patient and I told to be fine and I told you to be balanced and I told you to be kind.
#Fitness #exercise Excuse of the Day: I don't like brocolli! What's your excuse?
thinking its cute and funny when a lion is trying to eat your kid through glass!!
and I'm gonna be 100000+ more fucked up :D
Salsa is fun. Keep it that way.
My auditions went great! And got to see my girl Dakota Raen Robbins - who was auditioning too!! : )
Scorpio sun, Aquarius rising
Because the maximum enrollment is actually set based on the student/teacher ratio rather than some random number.
« you don't care.»
head, will have a tomorrow again in a hell filled with pain, abuse, drug, lifeless job, poverty, death, war, homelessness, etc.
aww today's your birthday??
just called Stephanie "Spanish." Like, as is her name was Spanish.
whats up man!?
Who is the best foreign band you have ever heard?
lmao yeah they gotta do better than this
youre really gunna make me do this....
I'm afraid ALA for me this year would be all about RDA/FRBR and I'm all RDA/FRBR'd out (or will be by then). Thx for input.
“ If you rarely give a little more, should you really expect to get a little more? ” Sam Parker (1965 – ) Co-founder of GiveMore
Someone RT me a good Coldplay song please
Spring is in the air here in Pittsburgh today! :)
Help SoldiersHome win $25K in This Place Matters Challenge! Vote at tinyurl.com/3dljldk
Every day of my life, friend. Every day.
The Jerusalem Post: material and cultural loss of Armenians was enormous
After 3 its a distant dream :) MT": was literally in shock after first was born and I COULD NOT JUST READ."
+!|.++ SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX.. SEXY..SEXY.. GOGO DANCERS....SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
No wonder i feel like i'm in 2 places at once. ;-)
#Celtics with the lead at halftime now time for season finale of #HIMYM LOVE THIS SHOW!!
If they don't have chocolate in heaven, I ain't going
i have too much road rage today.
Train is keeping me up this morning smh
Louder than love, thats what we were. We were louder than love.
Hey I just met you, and this is CRAY-ZE
Just got stung on my nose it hurts
I'm joining the Catholic Church during tomorrow's Easter Vigil. Does that count?
All life is a vortex of experience centered around the one tweet you didn't think of.
make sure you go to Prague and get the street vendor cinnamon rolls!!
if i saw austin, i dont think Dave could hold me back.
Upstream. Great restaurant RT I'll be in Charlotte next Tuesday in time for dinner. Any good recs?
We're in CHI and roving #AWP. What's good?
Good point. Yea Nadal is actually exciting. Djokavic looked like a douche when he ripped off his shirt in the
When your mom asks you where Rack City is and she's for real. #oldpeopleproblem Hahhaahaha
Nothing happens, unless first a dream!. Carl Sandburg
wait a second...you're in SD???
Yessir! Can't wait to hang with you + this weekend!!
i hope >.< RT : It's okay. The pregnancy test will come out negative RT ": I'm so nervous, omg"
Rumors include a Diamond! : Stay tuned...we will be announcing Auction Items for our April Monopoly event this week!
Everyone that has BTN, at 7 check out #UM vs #IU baseball. My man Eric Jacobson starting at 2nd for UM.
I hope that someday, all the hours I spend working will count towards one job instead of split against two.
(FRIDAY) GRAD BASH @ STATUS... GRADS FREE ALL NITE - ALL ACTIVE UF GREEKS IN FREE BEFORE 12AM - ALL VIP GRADS DRINK FREE CHAMPAGNE
My voice is dying again because I'm crying ad screaming about #Avengers again.
we skyped last weekend
Plus the RG crowd was electric as opposed to the Memphis crowd being shocked. small nod to Clips for road game and time remaining.
Get your ass back to work. Major breaking news tonight. SDPD officer shot.. doesn't look good.
Just arrived in Austin hopped into a cab with the saxophonist from Duzhekew and heading into the #SXSW madness..flightdelays
I am thinking 0 - 12 - who do you think we will beat on today's performance?
Jenny McCarthy should play the crazytan mom in the movie of her life. No. In the porn movie of her life.
Welcome to Madison!
Avoid overeating: Prepare your plate before you sit down. Lean protein should be the size of a deck of cards.
Dang why you gotta make it sound so harsh?! lol
has been nominated via Twitter to be our new Dance Group of the Week! Congrats!
Have to study for biology test and ECA algebra :p
if I made a video of me rapping your songs, would you watch it? lmao
keep us posted about your discoveries! Please!
WHAT!? I am just watching episode 5. Can't believe they didn't buy those jackets. Think you're right: BROKE.
New pic published: Portraits of New York Why this site is called Portraits of New York
Time for the bikinis!!
sorry, I had to run cuz I have to be up early early, and you know me, not the best morning person...soon though :)
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> what do you have to do?
It is wise to apply the oil of politeness to the mechanism of friendship. -Sidonie-Gabrielle Colette, writer
No prob man! We're pumped to have ya in the ranks!
With their 3rd round pick, the #Seahawks selected Wisconsin QB Russell Wilson.
At final dress for for John Musto's The Inspector. The orchestra is laughing already... It's going to be a funny show!
He's "too busy" to pay attention to anything that doesn't involve him.
- thank you cuz. <U+2764>
hey Skip i didnt know we were playing The Venezuelan national Baseball team today
Body pump is really really hard.
Really bad start to my day this morning.... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
hey Chicago what do you say
I miss desperate housewives, just going to watch some of this season
RT If You Want Your @ Name To Be In The MB Poster I'm Having MB Sign August 16th (Must Be Following Me So I Can Write It Down)
I get to go to Wisconsin with my boy soon (:
Ruling in a cruel way and then having me feel hopelessness in anything I say or do! Never!! Oppression and Depression deleted from earth!
Somebody explain why there were 4-5 horses grazing near railroad tracks in North Philly???
Hey Jay Leno! Why you gotta hate on Milwaukee?!
When I was little.. people used to make fun of my lips :/
Vision always comes before mission. You have to know where you're going before you can figure out how to get there.
Will do! RT : We would love it if you could write us a review on the iTunes store! :)
Happy Mother's Day
I stay late to school
I own 'The Name of the Rose!' in French and English. :D
Omg! Go home already and stop ruining our parks and preventing those who have jobs from putting food on the table.... ~<U+FFFD>shelley<U+FFFD>~
And the #Houston #Astros win it!
Enjoy your day :)
ten minutes of spartan football was more exciting than the national championship
EVERYONE! follow and !(:
Hello Katie! Happy Monday
Hello Restaurant Report Card! How I love you. Thanks, !
Another actual PR pitch in my inbox: "You hear horror stories everyday about stolen iPads." You do? Horror stories? You need to move.
DAMN LOLL
smh see you tried to play me already lol
Hey, ladies. I can't be everywhere tonight, so watch out for yourselves. But if you do see me, come by & say hello.
this niggas name is worldpeace and he's elbowing niggas in the face.
when ppl stick out their hand in lieu of a hug to pass the peace while saying amen to sermon on gentleness, kindness or love
Audition for the independent film "That Bitch" today.
Excited that people are (finally) coming back to the city!
So many people ask if I'm related to Kobe. Obviously not, or I'd be livin large, doin' big boi thangs.
IT geeks fit thecategory of stupid, no class, no style and look like trash
the other Citeh opted for a tour of Asia. Everything I heard the real Citeh was locked until they decided Asia.
Recently found & finally other directioners from new York!
yeah <U+314B><U+314B> it is going to awesome
Yes..you're right. But the order was faxed and now I'm waiting for results.
I can do that :-) do you work there?
someone will eventually die before the block #Keyes #reaction... Wtf
20 years ago the NBA lost Magic Johnson to a life or death situation. Let's hope the NBA doesn't lose a season now because of money
I love it when you a wear a pair of tights so many times they become crotchless.
on me her do
Okay GOOD! :)
Thanks so much!
damn i lost my phone
Looks like a number of tweeters are upset they won't walk away w/ a formula for ROI. Thumbs up or thumbs down on this panel?
Thank you kindly!
Guess that was in a fairytale
an article about a typical scam in ur hood
Thank you! I'm excited! :)
Why live life knowing the outcome? Thats boring.
yay! Glad to hear class is still kicking ass and taking names.
yes ma'am... I play it everyday against Raven.....
Her azz suppose to be curse out but I let her slide because she ain't worth it..that's why I wake up say my prayers and belike f**k a nigga
Technology takes center stage at educational conference - Imperial Valley Press
At LA Asian Pacific Film Festival screening short I was in. Love filmmaker energy at festivals.
has a low tolerance for drunken, promiscuous freshmen. True life: I am an RA.
Congrats to you & our Houston Cougar football team on the HUGE win today over Tulsa!! We're proud of you guys!!
Orioles looking good but are they for real?
It was tough. I just had to look through my list of followers.
"Maybe it's not my weekend but it's going to be my year" I love those guys, such a great band.
got my tank and wore it to #crossfit. Everyone loved it! I'll take a pic in it soon! Def gonna order more when I get a job!
Is Chuck serious w/this "Melo being the best offensive plyr?' crap. U btr recognize, son.
Art Fact- Jackson Pollock was nicknamed 'Jack the Dripper'.
Missing Survivor AND the Pacers game because of work. Not cool!
I'm in the mood for love.
OH: I don't have any feet pictures.
no, she's giving one to us in class! chapter 13 :|
Small government is the key to an American Recovery.
Blue isn't blue until blue turns blue and when blue turns blue it's possibly blue and when blue turns blue, blue is orange.
The truth about PM and pastygate: he ate a sausage roll: David Cameron has been offered a lifeline in the great ..
and Barry Bonss is at the plate
It's a beautiful Sunday afternoon and I am setting up my makeshift studio to film a commercial audition. Only action on this one. Here I go!
oh hey just thought if say that snobiggie shaved ice is AMAZING!!!! :)
Do you work in the service industry? Take a break and join us for SIN night tonight where we have tons of specials from 10 p.m. - close.
What are you looking forward to on #ReachTheBeach? Sunset over haystack rock? Great riding? The camaraderie?
still poppin fire works?? so what bitch
awe i'm really sorry to hear that i know how you feel, i had to put mine down last year after my bday =[ i'll keep you in....
Haha, might have to quit (for the day) while I'm ahead.
I know me too. I thought it was finally finding its footing.
This guys last name is Twogood. That's gotta b fake.
lane Happy Halloween!!!
Possibly. Local paper here in #cville is doing some good things with social media.
You're welcome, keep tuned
Hey i'm a Mahomie/Belieber.. (:
Had a GREAT time at the Chicago alum event! :-) Someone needs to plan more events! (Not me, I already do that for a job)
Cassette tape!! Now that's funny!
Alright, Ben. Stop saying "classic" like it's hilarious. It's almost as bad as "clutch." You're one step away from the lowest of lows.
It's already in the 40's on my early-morning walk to work. Winter is going to be really hard!
I've never had one of those Carvel Whale Cakes. What was that whales name?
gay :s tomorrow afternoon I'm coming again! Around 12 or 1?
On the bright side, a lot of great dinosaurs are unclaimed. California should be T. Rex: big reputation, struggles somewhat in practice ;-)
Don't even get me started on Phaedra with her over the top celebrations. She is going to ruin her chid. I. just. can't.
Charles, I'll follow back when your timeline says something other than, 'followback?'
OMG I love Danza Kuduro by Don Omar lol idk what they sain but i still get down to it
In the studio today recording lead guitar tracks for our new song 'Feel'. Coffee, McMuffins, and amps! This is the way to start the week!
I agree. I should have gone this year. I have been playing "I wish I was in New Olreans" by Tom Waits most of the day.
As much as it hurts, its time to move on from you://
Yay, stuck at the DMV all day.
#ThankyouThursday to new followers look forward to #dogood tweets
Hey im a girl im 14yrs old and im weird and fun and my dream is to become famous and smart and live a happy life come
If I Had A Gun, I wouldn't use it because I'm MacGruber!
lol its not always my fault my mother so times takes her time getting ready!!
ha ha
Glad to see #RedSox winning, but they need to do that against playoff teams, not just doormats. Now looks like Crawford out-elbow surgery.
Thanks for the laugh, Pau!
Know the difference between confidence & conceit.
And by the way... Why did we work so hard to make pictures so clear with expensive cams to have the quality degenerated by a program?
Everything's on me.
when Im driving I pretend Im testing 2 b a stunt driver. guy in the passenger seat on his walky talkys saying, shes good. Shes really good
RIP Dick Clark.
that was kind of a boob shot... Thoughts on black at a May outdoor wedding?
lightning is so pretty<3
It was great seeing you again on Saturday at the HU graduation. Thank you for all the wisdom!
The Clippers are called "Lob City" but it's the Lakers who lead the league in alley-oops! #lakers>clippers
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. Einstein
Used to have fast internet here in columbia heights, but performance is slow as molasses today. Whats up
I wasnt that drunk... Dude... you congradulated a patato for getting the part in toy story!
lol.let me know how it is....are you also having activation problems?
That stupid grin you can't get off your face when you really like the person you're texting.
WILL YOU BE THE FIRST TO ROCK A YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS T SHIRT?? TIME TO GIVE THE YOUTH VOICE A PLACE AT THE TABLE! AGREE?
I'm touring the 2nd Ave Subway now w US Rep John Mica, Transportation & Infrastructure Committee Chair, and officials.
Agreed. However the bowel movements are horrible.
REALLY trying to resist the free fries today.
Lets go to GoodWill ? (; bahahaha
I just checked my call log... I'm off tomorrow tho, feel me in on the cruise
Nahh I'm good..taking a nap :)
that's gorgeous!
Check that, Wake should find out if he can knuckle that stupid crystal ball into a brick wall. I mean seriously?
am I loved or am I hated?
Our community members understand it is a competition with only so many awards. They see other benefits beyond the prizes.
oh no!
Vinny do a Donna Summer dance tribute!!
Prom Season is approaching...what is your favorite memory from your prom?
#Little500 pro tip: Be cool. Police are everywhere this week. If you're underage, don't drink. If you drink, stay out of trouble.
Next trip is to Foxwoods for the 1200 main event in may. Who's gonna be there?
she's a friend fromfb and I was goin to audition for the bbw project but I didn't make the cut$
Sky Lounge Night Club your place to be in St. Patrick's Day!!!.Wear green tonight and no cover, no line. Great Drink specials!.
We're at booth 1112. Come see all the new books and say hi!
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime - let's hear it for Ren and Stimpy
missing the lone star state today, it'd be so nice to go for a drive
was at majestic, now dane
thank you well ill see on monday if the radiologist calls us I can get another X Ray to see how bad it is
New Nike #Bears jerseys are sweet!!! Well done!
he is! He makes friends with my friends e_e
I Love Jordan Benker Because no one is doing this. i feel alone.
hello! lol. i'm alright how bout you?
"Oh, so what you're saying is that the records are *old*? Pardon me, I misspoke. Old records can be thrown away."
RT : Authentic leaders build more leaders, not a bigger following.
Stay away from old triggers
#Scandal was so good last night!!! Unexpected twists and turns! Can't wait to learn more about the "Gladiators'" pasts! <U+263A>
Great UK tour! Now onto our month-long US jaunt...Sacramento tomorrow night at Luigi's
OK MAKE SURE ITS GOOD MUSIC
I might go see but I graduate next week and I have finals bullshit to do. So no promises but I'll try.
No thanks.
Too bad LA, Miami and Farmington were so far away growing up.
Hey eveyone, Biz Kid$ Real in rochester is asking all of you guys to come support us @ the Corn Hill festival this weekend July 9&10, 2011.
was amazing on #americanidol!
really impressive. I gotta get moving again.
thanks for the follow!!! Very appreciated!!!!
they cheating OKC!
Agreed. And yes, I'm a
I am just glad the "lost year" is behind us...
haha i punched a wall playing basketball!
New Photos..check out my "looks" photo album.
I saw 21 Jump Street last night. Some pretty good laughs. BTW we need to catch up. It's been awhile.
so now that Samsung released the source code for the Samsung fascinate how long until we see an official release of sweet cm7 :-)
I dont ever wanna leave
Reaching out to use your phone <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
RT : if u know of any RN,CRRN work comp jobs could u let me know?i wanna move & my lease is up in 1 month
Wow....quickly down to 4!
I like your shirt! :)
Thank you for telling my life story in song. Time to slit my wrists.
"Bodies Hit The Floor" Mutha Fuka In The Deck
mine is 2 we get out June 10th
How many licks does it take till you get to the center of a tootsie roll pop?
#dickinsonproblem no attractive people
“: Maybe I should just turn into a media robot and follow the norm.” well that would be mighty boring
Joy is the simplest form of gratitude
Making muffins since 7am...
Bet It Sir i Need Some From Yhu
Guess I'll go to popeyes even tho it's for coons.. Lol
Make sure you are following us on Twitter for tips on exercise allergies this week.
You should also check out , our other cataloger on the Time Capsules project!
that's dope
Making coffee cake today (for the first time!) hope it's yummy.
We all have that 1 person that we always have feelings for no matter what. Just one look, and it takes you right back to that moment. :)
I know right?!?!
if you think im pretty lms.
Are you gonna trim your pubes? or just suprise the lucky lady? HA!
Just got back from the gym, second time today! 2 A Days are back.
Patrón we meet again..
Getting ready to go take on this day & make it a great one!
Don't get me wrong I like sluts cuz they the quickest way too to a nut and They KEEP YO CHICK AT HOME IN CHECK CUZ SHE KNOW WHATS OUT THERE!
Damien Hirst taxi doodle fetches £4,700: An autograph book containing a hastily scribbled sketch of a shark has ..
We hold renovation ed sessions for free 3x a yr! Also a V2V bus tour 2x a yr.
Missed call from the old man, can't be good !
Congrats on landing a gig in Milwaukee! Means I will definitely have to head north and visit soon. I'm well...job searchin'
Dick Clark had a miscarriage? - Gonzo. Wow.
umm you should
haha! Yes, subtle ;)
Captain America!
the New York Times. Hard to find in Alabama.
feel better!
Kentucky Basketball is a joke of a program. They saw 2 losses w IU & UNC on the schedule and managed to cancel both in 1 year
Man I was telling my cuz that story yesterday lol
Going to the shooting range.. let off some built up tension.. sorry I'm not your typical female #ILoveGuns :)
Failure is only a temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success. #TAF #followngain ? #TFB ? #500ADAY?
realizing too that world exploded while i was off-comm writing today; can't tell if i feel like a good grad student, or a bad sociologist.
nice pics of warblers
Ask Bonni Graham about her "bring me a rock" video recording story
Jonny Henderson: Real-life Superhero
Making some incredible plans... :)
Love her! RT : Tonight the host of #CMChat, will be our guest on #mediachat Be there at 10pm EST
most definitely. EMU for undergrad, worked at the Sidetrack, and grew up in Belleville down the road.
These kids have no respect for authority.
Don't miss out, Neon Party Tonight ! The best gay Sunday nite party just got hotter!
When Tom sits behind me in bio and attempts to choke me halfway thru the period....... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Had a great time with ! Now on to Nashville!
If you're gonna play, then play you're cards fuc*in right.
just looked up Gregor Mendel. He doesn't look a bit like I've always pictured him. I'm strangely disappointed by this.
And so we shall go to war.
I like it what's your favorite from Sierra Nevada?... On road?
There's cake!
Importance in digital advocacy - showing up to events is rare to Grandia - too busy. Online allows participation
Ah! We have to hang out! I'm taking the SAT tomorrow morning so basically my Dad has me on house arrest.
So much red at the emmy's! Love Lea Michelle!
lol he is so silly
C'mon Captain.
I have a small circle i hardly fuck with anyone it was a choice i had to make people was using me for my money i dont like that :(
Lmao!! I will be there tonight, but not in pants. RT : i never see anymoe and when I do hes usually not wearing pants
We can also make something in red & white now that Badger football is starting tonight--Go Bucky!!
According to Alabama backup QB Phillip Sims is set to transfer for personal reasons.
Occupy the U.S and rob it's banks
Hollins is an enigma on the glass. Almost never out of position, but rarely actually grabs a rebound
Qdoba half off for college Students... BET !!!
I'll try that (FamilySearch). Thanks!
i wish i said more to you saturday . but i had a fun time ! & so did my mom (:
interested in ways that companies have introduced IM or ebulletin board technology in workplace .... more or less productivity?
One of my brothers is gay and the other loves Code Red. I'm a very tolerant sister to those deviants.
you going?
yea 2 times
Wow! All 16,000 comments from BPL compass process to be posted online in one document
The idea of all-out nuclear war is unsettling.
Yes. My parents and her grandparents were good friends.
Everyone please follow
please email us at and we'll fix 'er up!
Oh my I love you
No ma'am! just some sections!
PAUL PIERCE JUST BLOCKED THE SHIT OUTTA JOE JOHNSON
Took another workshop to use Prezi. Just don't care for the movement. Maybe okay as stand-alone on Blackboard?
Just talked to an old friend and it was nice catching up....
Hate is a form of envy.
So you're all out Wisconsin...Awesome! And I agree Packers football is the best!
San Diego in a bit ;*
"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog." Anyone notice anything strange about this sentence?
when i don't know what to put on, i put on built to spill.
did you steal Dorothy's shoes?
It's a beautiful day it p-town!! Think Boats and NW Boat Sports..
Reduce your cleaning time, Spend more time relaxing! Hardwood floors have less dust & allergens than other surfaces, & are easier to clean!
School boring this morning
Team party today
lolololol. Have fun..
I feel so refresh I'm back on track <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Have you heard Cary Hoffman's astounding resemblence to #FrankSinatra? If you haven't, witness it live tonight at #Sofias!
3 outs for another Indians win!
At Denny's with and Dirk diggler
Just recently found out I could turn that off!
hi Mikey
woke up and couldn't breathe
Looking at my body in disgust ugh.
Doctoral programs need to be more affordable and accessible. Reform must go to the core of graduation education, says Berman.
ok sure....your boasting...we def will have it early i dont know about you tho....also we are in the USA i will have Madden 11 early
I want some money for the shit you fucked up at my house
true. I wonder how many SLPs look at actual images or just go by radiologists' reports?
"Just as a small fire is extinguished by the storm whereas a large fire is enhanced by it - likewise a weak faith is weakened by predicamen
Yeah, I just picked it back up. Watching it is a bit!
Join us tonight for our Pilsner Event!
yeah its right up there..is there anything in other sports that compare?
You have GRAPHS for self evaluation? I have lots of pictures of me talking about things in front of people for Essay 2.
Thanks to my broski for last night
Which loyalty key tag program do you like best? What rewards excite you?
Thanks for your kind words. We look forward to your article on picky eating in the JULY issue of #AADigest!
Rob Keith - "Diversions" Chill Out Series on friskyRadio now, smoother than a dolphins back - Enjoy !!!
Oh sweet electricity! How I miss you when you're not here. Never leave me again, pls.
Hahha yeah :) gonna stay this time <3
The latest by July. But maybe sooner. I
Please purchase your DOC IT T-Shirt to show your support for OVARIAN CANCER MONTH SEPTEMBER. Thank you Doc It Foundation Susie
But where the sluts at?
Turned on the #Buccos game to see an awesome walk off! Nice, Pirates!
so much awesome goodness playing with what can i say? i'm a sucker for glockenspeil. GO SEE THEM.
Rock and roll is your enemy.
dm me alex. please? ive been waiting since you followed me......... ):
me too haha
#SocialMedia101 starts in 1 hour w/ &
Agreed! RT : #GrnBz innovation forum - Hanna Jones at Nike, owns innovation and sustainability! Makes sense.
Just bought the Kindle version of "Administering VMware Site Recovery Manager 5.0" by
The funniest thing I've read all day. RT: THIS...is Barack Obama! signs on to be NBC News election correspondent.
Cops nab burglar by earprints An alleged serial burglar was really a Dumbo. Cops in Germany nabbed a suspect wanted in nearly 100 break-i
Love getting insights from Lehrer about the presidents and their debate performances #INConversation Looking forward to reading Tension City
yup everyone was very threatened by them for a long time
hey did you post chapter 31 yet? :)
Thanks to friends with cable, actually going to see on Castle when it airs tonight.
Looking forward to caring on tradition...3rd annual Plinko de Mayo this weekend
umm...there's a hurricane outside
WHAT THE HECK???? it better not end that way!!!!
I can't believe I am just now following you - I thought I was! This is why I need an assistant...
i think it's funny that my mom is even starting to catch on about how i feel about you.
Shhh. I'm not really here.
At this point I'm just waiting for #Raw to end.
can't wait to see you on and iCarly
Its not me.
Jason is the best pillow ever:)
LOVING Proof!
Two days at the track. One off duty and one on.
Im here watching the Spanish station as if i know what there saying smh
Well look at that, it's Wednesday and you know what that means! Happy
This American Life on NPR
Up early and off to a fellowship meeting in Denison
Hey! Been tryin to reach ya for Bo's golf tourn! Call when you get a sec!
Start of a new week, what will you DO this week to get you closer to your DREAMS? Less talk more do!
Very cool! Thanks Colin
We come to love not by finding a perfect person but by learning to c an imperfect person perfectly. Not if u r a offbread ginge..
RT : <U+262F> Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving. - Albert Einstein
hey brother how goes it?
: I'd put the blue flame up against either car. Structure 2 rally race anyone?
It's in North Park. One of my favorite parks in SD and a great place to watch fireworks with views of DT and Coronado :)
Well I wish we won 2 today but winning 1 is a hell of a lot better than winning 0! Plus we get extra baseball tomorrow!
don't remember much of about the original so I can't compare it, but it was pretty good.
why are you following me?
lmao! Hell yeah that was scary we didn't even know what to do so we just laughed
No one will ever be Kobe
Great weekend. WI in the sweet 16, Paul in the top 10. Love me some Menarch Madness!!
Oh yeah! I'm so glad you got to come out and enjoy this corner of Tejas.
Get out those brooms! And make them stand up by themselves...
I found You can't tell a guy his long lost friend is tweeting breaking news.
Happy Sunday People : )
her name is michonne.
Do your job David, just like the cops are even though many oppose this.
thank you very much!
the post made a good save
Junior 3D Artist (London) *Contract* for more information contact .uk
Haha! No doubt. We already started with Campfire Ok.
When's the poetry slam? I can probably learn to play bongos pretty quick. just sayin'.
Writing is risk of exposure of ignorance & the joy of self discovery of knowledge as the process of writing takes place....Michael Dyson
+1 for GoodReader. Some of my peeps prefer iAnnotate -- ugly, but effective.
GOOD THEY BETTA NOT BE DATING OUR BOYZ
Congrats to the Denver Rolling Nuggets Women's Team and their Championship win in the Women's Division of the NWBA National Tournament!
Please tell me you're going to lambast Castellanos tonight on your show with many shiny graphs & studies! If I said please?
omg sleep
just watched the chelsea vs. barca game...what a great game! I don't, in general, root for them in the #Bundesliga but Haupt Bayern
The way you treat yourself sets the standard for others
RTOh, what a night it will be! Business leaders, innovators and individuals alike please join me!
I declare the Internet a passing fad!
6:16am - Online tracking shows my new phone is on vehicle for delivery!!!! In Sanford!!!!
She ain't gotta tell me want it she know that I know she need it
haha huntermark would make the remix & become rich off of it
Congratulations! You deserve it :)
This sucks right now<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
What a day...
Ouch. Thank God for laptops and recovery features. RT : Power outage= lost work. No bueno.
thanks! So it's not a problem with my authorization.
Yes, all are well! God Bless!
I'm glad Egypt will be remembered for something else now besides the Pyramids...and King Tut. Now that guy was a ruler.
...with the sole exception that he did not pretend to use electricity or magnetism.
TUE Dinner App Special: White Cheddar & Zucchini Griddle Cakes w/Coriander Seared Shrimp, Watercress Fennel Salad
Got myself a reputation, won't turn down an invitation.
on article on reduced gray matter: look up Cognitive Enhancement Therapy- less loss of gray matter w it,good 4 severe cases
going for bagels
Oh Taos streets, you so crazy.
Ur sitting right nex to me
Reed, you should have made the top 13, would love a follow back.
Thanks for the RT, glad you liked the article!
Didn't get in da house to 5 I don't know y I'm up now
Gospel at the Gallery Memorial Weekend...Tired of the same 'ol ready for something NEW! YA KNOW?! Spread the word like ur mouth on fire Ha!
well, that's good, good luck :)
what can you do for an Altell customer whose account was bought by Verizon and their phone no longer works?!
GOOD WORKOUT TRUTH, ALWAYS ON GRIND MODE
if you like hip hop and filthy sub drops, we're the band for you!
Kefir's going well
Awesome Into Montage!
Another busy evening at Golden Valley Chinese Cuisine in Mesa. It's amazing to watch Tom entertain guests and stay on top of orders.
I itchy :I
thanks for all the great info. u r beast
I'm not engaged to him
Does anyone ever visit the Herzog winery in Oxnard? Tierra Sur for lunch or dinner is INCREDIBLE! Delectable!
at least it was interesting! No more shit talking until the #RockyMountainShowdown!!
I need a moment of violence.
do you want to come over tonight after work & go thru my shit?
This is not good....Hawks hanging-around.....
2A District baseball: North Thurston 5, RA Long 1.....RAL to play Cent-MM loser at 6 p.m. Wed at Fort Borst Park
i love you<3 please tweet me back,. see u in april in NYC<333333
How is Hotmail ActiveViews different from [Active|Open]Mail? Both allow you to mashup emails with application functionality.
I never said he was at home.
Watching Live with Kelly and Josh Groban is the co-host! He's so lovely.
hey!(: can,you follow back?(:
Today 1946: Mellen, WI received 11.72 inches of rain within one day setting the record in Wisconsin for most rain in a 24 hour period.
You never notice me :| please follow back
Hit "LIKE" if you'd rather go out to dinner then cook tonight
I've been awake since 4am; damn this jet-lag! If I'm fading at bar just set my shoes on fire and order me a whiskey.
Still you are so lucky to be there, being from the States I can only dream of being there.
I liked how Frankie followed like people he has met! We have more of a chance of a reply! Lol
Officially done with classes for my freshman year!!! :)
feels good to be temple run champion
JV game over, time for the Varsity!!
thnx again! :D
yeah, everything is on it's way to being better - massive heart attack, emergency bypasses, last rites... nothing too big.
ONE WEEK LEFT! Enter for your chance to win a ride w/ TODAY! www.Facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance
If ur seeking but not finding, maybe ur seeking what YOU want, not what God has purposed for u...
well, heck, just reuse those suckers! no one will ever notice ;)
What's up?
Refuse to die. There is a greater need and importance for you to live. Good men must live through and for change. send
<U+2665> fRidAy FrIdAy - <U+2663> - ParTy pARty <U+2665>
“Tell him that his ship is now ours, and if he and his crew want to live, they must surrender immediately. Otherwise, all will be killed.”
I'll be my way back to England by then!
YES! Happy Jordys Day! (:
I miss people so easily. I wonder if you miss me as much as I miss you.
nice first day run, keep it up
Dang & it looks like I will have to buy another one. But I'm going to get this 1 fix just 2 have a back up
The Collegetown Shuttle is running on its regular schedule today!
How wonderfully cosmological SolarBeat is!
Chatted with Linda Hartung of Wire Lace, in #Tucson today. Her work is astounding! I may have to take a class of hers at Swarovski!
Good read
#gratitude always u've watched me share #art long time #muchLOVE 4bringing #DWTSLV here giving my hubby #job w/his
in terminal, try "heroku logs --tail" to track down Heroku errors
Ima get that grammy soon fuck ur magazine voice
i'm sorry, but from the pictures i've seen...ALL prom dresses were...well INTENSE
All that candy got her hyped tho
we hope to see you talented peeps at Low Spirits tonight!
Dear #DC does any public establishment have a good funk or #soul dance party? Inquiring minds want to know.
": The crazier the bitch...the better the pussy"<-Killer Kung Fu Wolf B****
greetings to you too girl! Hope ALL is well!! :-)
In the tri-city area (VA Beach, Norfolk, Chesapeake), there are only 389 foreclosures - This represents less than 7% of total properties...
Good. Ch1mp, you would have gotten more than just a message saying whore if you quit. Your videos are good.
If You Don't Have A Stage Show, That's Most Likely Why You're Not Being 'Booked' For Shows. No One Wants To Pay To Come See You BORE Them.
#Stunned #Browns Brandon Weeden
#Earthquake #aftershock ... short but bullish.
My pleasure. It freed my busy mind. I'm sure you've already found Basecamp, right? That consolidated my projects & to-do lists.
This day is taking forever. Seriously, COME ON!
#somethingoomfsaid is super offensive.
evrybdy dies but not evrybody lives.
also i wouldnt be too surprised if one of the boyz start dating people from code 5 tbh
Congrats on finishing your taxes everyone! Time to relax!
is so freakin' sexy.
Sure going to miss seeing play at Denver
Does he know the difference cause its pretty obvious to me which side of the line you're on.
Looking for Gameplay programmers with #ps3 experience for the
Any great pre-race recipes? Running the half this weekend and need all the help I can get cc:
Reimold reaches first, legging out throw from Nunez. Ruled a hit. Nunez looked like he could have gotten it for
just a few more pages of this capstone paper
Weekend to do list: see chess exhibition at Cloisters, buy the good artichokes from Fairway on the UWS (UES artichokes are inferior), dance.
sitting here watching national and wondering why my mother didnt but me in dance classes when i was little like everyone else
The best fans in the NBA belong to Utah jazz and NY Knicks.
Aawww, that is so sweet of you. I cannot eat lil chickens.... or wee lil pigs. lol
You know it's going to be a good day at the office when there's donuts AND cupcakes waiting for you.
Does anyone actually call Kobe.. Black Mamba?
Know what God means to you can help do his word and the word of God will follow you as you follow it!
#Secretly I love new single
It's really helpful. Interested in building future certificate opps. into grad student prof. PD in the future.
I must have some lame friends.
I just got to Gold level at Bring on the free drinks!
Good night fuckers
After making your son watch paint dry all day, why not treat him to an game at tonight?
don't listen to her, you got one and thats all that matters <3 you deserve it you are an amazing angel and an amazing girl :)
"Goodnight my dearest love, sleep well. You are beautiful. Have fitting dreams." - <3
sweet icon!
TONIGHT! 8pm DENNY LOVE with nest+rest. LEGGO.
Even if he was high and paranoid that someone was following him, that's because someone was!
The Rage clinched a playoff berth with their win Friday night. Now they are looking for the #3 seed and have 2 games to clinch it.
haha which one you listening to? Miss you too, how's America? :P
's Joan Lippincott about take the stage to tell us all the latest in
Break the bad habits by incorporating the good habits.
You're very welcome!
I'm a brute. RT : A1. I think a rickshaw powered by would be FUN!
Getting the scoop on lymes disease symptoms. I never want to have it
Well that was an awkward conversation.
that's real
:) *snuggles coyote*
I was being smart....I thought you would hate the taste of Tyson...
I like authenticity, patience and skepticism as next gen librarian virtues
ha bro im a freshman
OK, we're moving on from 5Ave and 3St in Park Slope. Thanks to Julie for stopping by on her way to work! We'll re-emerge shortly w/ cube.
I agree. Don't like Gore vs Pitt, especially not being 100%
Ooh la la
opening the scriptures is my inspiration to writing...pouring my heart out on paper....
Moving up.
Hope you win them. A couple of our employees will be on the floor!
apparently there are thousands, yes thousands, of branches/trees down in Central Park
Good to know, thanks. I'm not a big breakfast eater either, but have been trying. Greek yogurt works well for me.
I hate picking up the phone when I'm asleep. I am NOT responsible for what I say or do during that call !!!
I worked there last year!!! <U+26BD><U+26BD><U+26BD><U+26BD>
What to do with all the new free time?
Personal Twitter Goal: Always have more followers than tweets. So far so good
I don't even want to fight, bicker, or argue anymore. It's so pointless -.-
Waking up to my fire alarms going off. Fucking awesome.
Roger that
Sign up for pay by the month car washes in January and they only billed me once... free car wash for life??
"MAD COW IN U.S." #huffpost Did they find my ex-husband??
not as bad as I thought it would b at the half.
In class my arm is about to fall off from writing so much 2:50 cant come fast enough :((((((((
Don't go tell your mama, cause your mama had already died.
I was at SAM 1997-2001. Worked closely with Chiyo, and ran Thursday After Hours (like 2 think I "kicked" TAH off for real)
Seeing a Fraggle Rock calendar referred to as "vintage" makes me feel far older than I need to on a Monday.
your tweets don't make sense
Proud to announce that new film will make its world premiere in competition at in January 2012!
Congrats and good luck to all the Boston companies!
This mf smoking weed at the bus stop -.- smh .
Thanks for following me Steve!
#HappyMothersDay! We Republicans salute the hardworking women who get by with only two Cadillacs.
Looking to go hard in the paint tomorrow UMC. Ask somebody to come to church with you in the morning! Tell It!
How can I get en electricity yellow jersey? I wanted to buy one but before I knew it they got discontinued. #sad :/
and its never anything good.
Always makes my day (: <3
already made the first star as one of the
hahha thank god we stopped talking
Oh no no no.
Now following fellow Rice alum
Cool! Do you have any more stuff ? I'm starting there on Monday
They're stealing an hour from us tonight. Make sure you would have lived it to its fullest.
Apparently 2 summers ago I stayed in a hotel less than 2 minutes from the new Barclays Center in Brooklyn and had no idea about it.
Sad because you dont notice my existence:( i love you<3<3<3
So we fix our eyes on what is unseen and not seen.
Down at the Georgetown waterfront labyrinth working on our #dance is the answer piece with local artist Jenna Buckingham!
:) that's awesome! I was trying to find it, thanks!
"Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way." Booker T. Washington
Your great at what you do! its
it really is BOWS ALL THE WAY
Another commercial casting today... it's getting busy!
at least it's not broken
promise, I cant wait for california.
i love it. tehe
u a hilarious
I know youre not going to the game!
All reviews and my Tim Burton Q&A filed and the issue closed, I'm about to enjoy a rare night off. I'm relaxing already...
ah man now I want nachos. AND DORITOS.
#MyWorstFearIs to lose the guy I love
DONE bro!
robbed! You were my pick to win lol. Could you call my radio show this afternoon?
Romney spoke about all the oil we have an how to be independent. I guess he is going to nationalize so all oil stays in the US? Idiot.
i wanna make a book filled in with encouraging words. please tweet me any word you wanna say to Japan
check that...never mind.
SO excited for #HungerGamesLALive tonight at midnight with !
is this Chieh-Ming Wang all over again?
safe ...exciting...unforgettable travels ....
she obsesses over eli but every one hates her for ruining eclare
Let me know how we can help!
I'm not sure so I'm trying to find out for you. Will let you know what I hear!
London! At 7pm doing screening of unseen #archival film from , Getty Images Gallery, Eastcastle St (under the helicopters)
Now blogging at www.jacksonlawson/wordpress.com
also we have a new girls brand zuly on deck this week! get your exclusives ladies!
FISHER SAVED THEY ASS SMH
Me, too, actually. At least we're now clear on the path to immortality. *slurps coffee* Huzzah!
Look Amazing TODAY! *Tanning Specials* Buy 5 UV Tans and get 2 Free! Purchase ANY bottle of LOTION over $50 and get 2 FREE HT60 Tans!
#oomf needs to worry about herself and only herself! Don't worry about me hun!
Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot.
thanks for the RT!
stupid how was yours?
Supporting our friends at an event for the #Baltimore market
aafmiami has improvements coming soon! Stay tuned.
My pup is 7.4 pounds - and really not growing. Aww doggies!
Posted an update on our website! #diyrocknroll #getdown #kickoutthejams Now to get on some new music!
Thankfully Time Magazine didn't pick Sarah Palin as Person of the year. Zuckerberg is a better choice.
I like your sixth sense
digging out of email after only 1 day out of the office. How is that possible?
Private Practice time...hope this episode lifts my mood...
hello mr.jerrymy bieber :D
follow me scrap
and onions
Finna go pick up
What do you look for in a tee shirt?
You dumb boy. Enjoy your 14 hours of sleep idiot. RT : you're the worst love me and
Thanks for the tip on , looks interesting!
C'mon Union!
Graduation Party This Saturday. Hit me For details.
was busy with school. finally on summer break. nice to be back! hope all is well w/ u!
Fraser to voice recognition prompt: if you don't understand Scottish, away back to where ye came fae! Me:Dude, you're in America. Him:Dammit
Hey Marika! Got it this time. :) Thanks for Tweeting us.
hey, well, I intend to have a grownup job someday TOO :-P
where does one get those?
3 days until #BOYFRIENDvideo!!! IM SO EXCITED! RT if you are too!!
How many people just said "down goes Frazier"?
thanks hon!
RT ! “ I suck at texting back.”
Your boy needs to show uo now Jen!
thanks,, I appreciate it. I will keep you in mind. Yer still a great friend xoxoxo
Thanks Dom, had a blast! Hope 2 do it again next season, which means I F'd up & BOK's save me!
People posting camera phone pictures of rock stars on jumbotrons. Paying hundreds of dollars to watch rock stars on TV.
"The people want the fall of the regime" was taken from the 20th-century poet Abu al-Qasim Al-Shabbi's "Will to Life"
Cherish your friends and family.
I don't like the Three Stooges, and even I think that new film is an abomination.
...mine never are.
10 Tips to have a cleaner home from
I really want to do more one-on-one digital literacy instruction in the lib. Everyday I'm finding a huge need for these skills to be taught
174 phillip; glide right space... ---> there it is! Or is it?
Nights like tonight are exactly why I love my big.
For being the airport for the city that never sleeps, LGA shops sure close early.
It's all about the outcome - so great job!
It's National Etiquette Week! Stop by the library to get your books on manners, please and thank you...
Oh & thanks for the email; my reply is epic!
Thanks lol RT : RT : This place called earth is something else....... U r something else lol
fuck. i have the algebra eca today..
sounds dope I bet that made for a great discussion. Think it's in my top 10 (well whenever i write a top 10 movies list)
I'm exhausted already and I have a million more things to do *sigh*
2 hyper dogs. 3 needy cats. I might go insane tonight.
My high school graduation is the 24th of May. (: then college starts back in August.
I like the humor, but there R a lot of serious problems & that is what we deal w/ mostly. Check out R work when U can. Cheers!
Life can be unfair.But just cuz u were a bitch to me,doesnt mean I will be to u.
Your welcome!!!!:)
;) mine too
NEBRASKA Cashed in another Winner !!!! Jim Jones Voice " Ballin "
There's no greater feeling in the world than the feeling of being a sexy, confident woman.
give them a listen whydoncha! either way, drinks will happen this thurs fri sat sun or mon? then craziness ensues! enough options?
reading the best book evr! #HeavenIsForReal !!!!
Good morning beautiful ppl didn't sleep worth a fuck bout to go mae some cash tho
I predict a new trend. Magenta/Fuschia eyebrows! I'm on it!
Hallo Thanks for following Newark Twinning. Viele Grüße!
Cold bitches with horrible hygiene -__-
Don't let people tell you that God can or can't do this or that. We can't comprehend what God is capable of doing.
then do it!
TY! RT : "Turnberry Isle Miami made each and every one of our guests feel special."SH
Both Facebook and Twitter are the best platforms in the digital space today.
It hadn't set in the United could really win yet, so I wasn't as disheartened as I could have been. Still not rad, though.
The East German police's wonderful term for rock bands: Beat Formations.
agreed that was not a fun drive home.
Better luck next time!
I'm going ti have a few beers later.
Good Morning! What is going on today, Milwaukee?!
If you don't already receive my FREE monthly #acting & #modeling tips, sign up here and you will be sent a SPECIAL BONUS:...
Aww that's so sweet! And a fabulous day it was with you my dear, love & kisses!
Being a farm kid made me a resourceful, creative, confident person. Learn how to handle large animals and machines, and you can do ANYTHING.
It's dark and grey... but there is a high 60 degrees today. We'll take it!
I will put the word out RT I m very proud on this .that me follow i dedicate my #bigcock to your #blackteen models
anytime girl! :) glad you're on our team!
The show is selling out quickly!
Thanks for the S/O!!
Hacked by :) I LOVE YOU DARLIN' :)) You're amazing :))
let's do it! Hahaha I already know what I want next lol
I miss you too baby <3
Thanks! My playing is a good example of how God, through redemption, can take something very flawed and make it better.
wish I had made it. There will be more.
Apartment Shopping in The A.M !
Bynum's reaction to Blake Griffin's dunk >>>
Seriously don't want to work an 8 hour tonight.
Thanks for tweeting the article!
Oh, nothing, just watching star my tweets.
Most intense workout of my life. Feelin the sixpack
Great Story, took a lot of courage.
Coffee. Jon Brion. I am awake early on a Tuesday. Not waiting for my day to start. I am making it happen.
You, sir, are INCREDIBLE.
yes it is! And if u do get tickets to 1D get the 8pm show
Predictable. “: ...and buys the table tequila shots. #uhoh”
Good point. Wonder what B&T Bewery Beer goes best w/ bump of whiskey? U have a thought based on label-making?
Happy saturday to all..chase dreams!!!
Thanks for the follow Senator !
Ha! Not sure I can afford your digs ... RT : So, um, anyone wanna buy a house in Mequon, Wisconsin?
where you work?
Power walk on Taylor Mtn this morning. Her majesty, Mt Rainier, should be spectacular.
I WANT to listen to music while I work, but can't sing along because my office is open. Lame.
Advantage, Deftly.
I think every year is the same. Its just that we're growing up & other people decided to walk the road that has many grimey footsteps.
If you call your mom to tell her your pecker fell off like you say...record that...it would be some funny isht
Work question. Cyber liability insurance: Do you speak it?
chocolate cake AND muffin in the office today!
Don't nothing concern me accept homework and reppin my hood.... Hampton baby you already know lol
#TopOfTheMorning #WorkHouseFlow my nigga. It might not be that fast $ a mf use to, but u best believe I dnt have to worry bout Tha drought..
Considering what we were doing for halloween in 1977, I'm glad my 16y/o wants to go trick or treating.
That's a sportscenter top 10
No matter how many times I think I'm out (of InD CS4), there's always a necessary freelancer pulling me back in . . .
TO playing for the IFL, get your third rate cheesy popcorn ready.
hah yeah i know x
Robin: "Get over the separation anxiety of getting rid of your pet customizations."
I was just about to say the same thing!
KJFHKJNHSRKE. ANNE'S TWEET. BRB DYING. OHMYGODFEGHRHD
I feel awkward
then make a purchase with me! I feel like its Christmas :)) hahaha I'm way too excited for this... What time are you free?
Are you going to see the new Twilight: Breaking Dawn?
Grammys so far so good!! Awards shows are so motivating to an unsigned!! www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic
#Rangers on BEAST MODE once again. Condolences to anyone who has Rick Porcello on their fantasy team.
When I fill out job applications, I always write "911" for my emergency contact... Because, what's my mom or sister gonna do?
Haha. Thankfully my Monday looks like it won't involve me walking on the window ledge ;)
Listening to Un Rinconcito en el Cielo & my friend says 'We sang this in elementary school. I went to school on Westside.'
but are you on board with "Katniss?"
Up working until 1:30 am...today's going to be a long day traveling!
At the 5 min mark Denver leads the 29-22
know one told you to be all drunk up and lose your finger shot lol......
dont start with me blood...
hehe let me know :)
If you only look at what is, you might never attain what could be.
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
got jokes?
this is for the girl on the playground who fits into no sand or water box so she sits backwards on the swing n sings to her own beat box
where i come from we just count that as a win and walk away
Definitely about to fail this Chemistry test.
people that live in california... not virginia
I'm done for the night.
Kristen: "Why would you have rats as pets?" Me: "to feed them to my snake" #truestory lmao
you like the video bro?
National unemployment rate is 9.1%. Agricultural areas only have 6%. No foreclosures there. -
Are the Bulls made of glass?
A great big "Congratulations!" to as it's a big achievement. Very happy for you :)
Btw, it's "ourselves" not "ourselfs".
“All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them
Good Morning! Was your Monday as great as mine was? Let's keep it going for today! I hope your week started off GREAT too! :)
He is Chris Paul. RT : How did Chris Paul make that leaner?
I'm going to start a cause. It'll be called, "Joey's Potential Cancer Fund". In case I ever DO get cancer, I'll know where to go.
Masterpiece Theater 3 is better than 2 :)
I know, right? I had no idea what a 'sound' was geographically until you piqued my curiosity!
yup i'm sure she has one
that was one of the things they left out of the Bible: "the gayz shall inherit the earthz."
Lovely nights with 't wait for English tomorrow..
It's a #followmonday kind of day. More Haverfolk: (cc: )
Jus hopped out the shower. iSmell like old spice : )
There is no such thing as a really rich victim. ~ T. Harv Eker
I love gin
Logic update today! Maybe Apple has some love for its users after all?
I HAVE TO FUCKING BABYSIT FOR YOU
I love your voice! I really hope you get to perform "Man Who Sold The World" on #TheVoice this season!
Good Relationships don't just happen. They take time, patience and two people who truly want to be together.
No matter what i do im always wrong. my brother was right....im worthless
Bout to shower try to relax :(
Just saw some due washing his car IN THE RAIN!
Apparently my brain went on vacation.
I hear ya...me too.
Will, since you won't tell, let me: Will's fav 80s movie was Colors & fav album Straight Outta Compton. Issue dead.
the old beast? There's a new one? I am the one and only!
If I didn't have school I'd still be on that shit
congrats, forever prosper
So, did anyone go to any shows this weekend? Anyone find any new bands that you would want us to check out?
#fucklove i wrote that on my hands lol
It's really cute watching Paul McCartney sing along to Rhinestone Cowboy.
Thank you so much!
"at a distance you're strong until the wind comes, then you crumble and blow away."
I can't wait more for '''The Getaway''
it is the practice test for the California BAR Exam. It is insane, I won't even pay $.99 for an app
RT : Help us reach 4000! RT to enter our
We decided not to attend this year. We've been the previous 2 years and would really like to go back as invited guests sometime.
Morning everybody <U+2665>
Mike Pelfrey became the #Mets' pitcher to start on opening day without having won a Cy Young Award since Al Leiter in 2002.
Super hero day here I come.#fuck yeah
I'm not a racist I have a friend who has a wife who works with a guy who lives with a girl who's sister has a black friend.
& I dont need a watch...the time is now or never
Up to 2 million people were put out of work from the mineral trade ban and de facto boycott of mineral trade.
Okc turn up right now. Look like me on 2k
2011 was the best year EVER! I'm going to have to work hard to TOP it?
damn. that sucks
Easter Weekend and Bucks post party at Whiskey Bar and The Belmont Tavern. Bring your grandparents ;)
I wish I was Jason Bourne lol
Thank you Netflix for having the Wraith in my queue. Charlie Sheen and the best cars of the 80s.
Oh goodness. I hope I havent wasted my time thinking I was special -_-.
Interested in getting a year's worth of income in 1 weekend? Exhibit at www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com-Dallas, Houston, Ft Worth & Arlington
DId you know free income tax preparation assistance is available for families earning less than $50k and individuals earning less than $25k?
As you should as you should.
#SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex Katy Perry – I Kissed A Girl
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Joshua Vazquez °Rising 8th °Stratford, CT °Travel Team: Connecticut Elite °Point Guard 5’10
can't tonight
Is that a move to clear cap space for #Manning?
Thank you! I look forward to reading the book!!
lmfao yezzz my fingers to work like that ! Sure I don't promise anything
Whatever you can vividly imagine, ardently desire, and enthusiastically act upon, will inevitably come to pass
Extreme weather condition in Miami for tomorrow too. Cuddle up at the Aladdin Hotel ;)
Feeling happy and stressed at the same time? Haha, whatever :)
You're welcome! Great ideas and examples for Pinterest and education. :)
“: #Rockies game against Pirate postponed Monday because of weather” - It's just one guy, his eyepatch, and cannon on the field.
aww :) i love you more! You're like my sis for me and more! I'm gonna always be here for you
An Espresso Book Machine wow, how cool! you are so cutting edge :)
merry xmas
yo he's jus pissed he still lives at home wit his moms, and he hasn't came out the closet yet!
RT : Need to loose weight like now
Thank you. I'm hoping my three hours of sleep didn't show too badly. ;)
Yes you did. You must be so proud. ;)
thanks! we will keep you guys updated, more videos coming soon.
>>peanut butter and raisins son!!!
around 1200 channel views on youtube now ! keep them coming !
lol! and the Heatles could use more rest! RT : Rooting for the Magic tonight -- don't want to work on mothers day!
Just saw Jeff Van Gundy at the rec center!
what??? How I do that
what about the other 25%? :-)
follow me Dylan :)
Thank you too Jamie!
happily taken? For how long?
When ever you say dodgeball I just keep thinking of that movie!!
There's always next year...RT Agh, I wish I had known about that!
FROM A SCALE 1-10 HOW EXCITED ARE YOU TO GET UR BRACES OFF!? :D.
My lil bro killin this rack city. I'm might gotta leak that b!!! Lol
In every action, word, tweet and class continue to strive for excellence
#glowstickofdestiny *umbrella hits Angela's ankle*
Looking forward to the #MMAF2011 where I will be representing look forward to meeting everyone!
Not even these fancy jelly beans can take away my desire to itch my newly found poison oak.
Frustration is starting to kick the fuck in... im punchin walls and shit at my job!
When i speak in Love, i speak in Gifts.
What a great piece. Absolutely loved the ending.
i love being able to watch the Cubs all day.
she pretty much is with one big exception...
I hope you have the read.... and sorry for my spelling errors Love u
I liked it. wondering, should I keep following you or am I not special enough for you to follow back?
I work for the Obi-Wan Kenobi of publishing. He just came into my office chewing a Twizzler and said "Good work, my young Padawan."
I heard Xenu finally got his green card.
I know Buddy Nix is VERY open a/b the position he is looking at taking. He has liked CB/LB from what I heard.
Well, I suppose... Only for you. Go Pats. :)
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG .... now tht i got ur attention go and follow ME!!!<3 <3
Yes! RT I like the whole single, party, fun, flirty thing. But I love the whole taken, he loves me thing more.
Single Chef starts in 5 minutes - www.theroomlive.com see me do my version of Wings & Cheese steaks! Yum yum
was hoping #beatfeet would catch on quicker
oh my gosh I never said that! Haha eff you josilyn
at some point you and I need to discuss Cabin in the Woods.
The first reader who gets their car repaired will get an additional $200 off. Put thrillist in the referred by box to enter.
I need to go to the apple store tomorrow to get a new phone -____-
Eating blackberry pie
Spread the word that opens back up tomorrow! xoxo
Congratulations to Fairfax County for the #MarkLogic Excellence Award!
sorry, just noticed the later tweet
Or do we measure leaders against what the situation allows?
Everyone follow !
"every backstage is a frontstage." writing today on how to better use Goffman when discussing social media
Always a pleasure! RT would like to thank it's 2012 Title Partner, for their support of
Sorry for the slow response. Thanks for the RT on Kim Blueher's loan package presentation in
Phil Rizzuto was so afraid of lightening that he'd leave the broadcast booth at the first clap of thunder.
RT : The #E4AVTour keynote is about to begin with the one and only Gary Kayye from
no doubt
Ok I can't wait for the game tomorrow
'We Got the Beet' - I'll be back for that one :)
Not finding any account info with the number u gave. what about the HFC MAC of the modem? DM me
Taking it back old school at #indyblackexpo in #indy all weekend
I'm loving the new Recovery, Shadow Fill and Clarity tools in Phocus 2.0
thanks for the welcome home tweet! Miss u!!
hey stranger lol
Sean Hannity is a racist bitch!! How can you be on the air every day hatin on Obama 366 days a year. I hope he loses his vocal chords.
You are loved. Happy Birthday Ladybug!
You forgot to mention the spandex! LOL. Hope you like our pizza too!
awww, you just missed it by a year! But does that mean you'll be hanging with Beckham and Donovan?
The Tennessee sun is hot - music sweet!
Perfect!! See you soon!! =)
#wierd, I'm in the mood for #Christmas ....in chicago.
Good luck. To move into the clear & focused phase on 2 brands we're working on. Currently peeling back layers to get there.
Billy cundiff and kyle Williams are gonna be unemployed and have a great friendship
RT : Congrats to the Churchill Winter guard who won the Texas Color Guard Championship today in Pearland.
Ready for some R&R and my first trip to !!
Ze- bout to go to a Party.
testifying now at the Capitol for kids' oral health
hey what are you doing tonight ?!
What if #Apple Computers took their awesome profits and built factories as nice as their new main office, and paid workers a living wage?
Ok Toronto - I'm coming home and screening Timeless at Ame on Mercer on Dec 22nd! Hope to see you there!
Word is that 1.4 million people in Georgia have done early voting; after standing in long lines and waiting for hours!
I hope god helps me open the door quietly! Haha
“: u wasnt gon do nothin”you know that's a lie
acording to Luke i live in a Trailer Park....Aha
The Notebook<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Neylon: Networks that reach a critical group of participants are when qualitative change happens.
12hr shift 1hr workout... It's time for me to catch them <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
5 Guys is the fastest growing fast food chain...good guys do finish first!
My wife just said "A League Of Their Own" is 20 years old.
My brothers comin over and fat ass asked me to fry fish & potatoes!! ONLY cuz I love em
Work'n on my mixtape. I go hard in the muthafuckin paint
“: Oops...I crapped my pants!” ...yeah... I know...it was up your back kid
Curious to see if these predictive models actually work... consistently.
hahaha me too and I loved Lizzie mcquire!! Lmao I miss you!!! :(
C'mon, gun freaks! Man up! Explain to #Trayvon 's Mama how YOUR Sekint Minmint Rites are more important than her son's life.
TSOI-LA heading over to The Echo to see if we can get into the free Oh Land show. Here's hoping we have more luck than the band has hype!
Any #elpaso bloggers interested in a bloggers group meetup?
have you watched it now? Omhg.
I'm trying to talk my mom into talking me to see may 26 I really wanna go
you have no idea how many girls you just made fall inlove with you
I wish I could explain to you how I feel, because every night before I go to be you'll all I think about.
can't wait for August 18! Meeting you guys will be a highlight of my year!
Yeah, about 30 minutes. I'm sorry, I hope your day gets better!
I need somebody to mention me my twitter dead
Greinke's ERA went from 0 to 6.75 in one day! Nows the time to re-sign him!
Why do they have to play Scotty!!! Dang!
Anyone know of a good video for Transatlantic Slave Trade?
Mexican food in Bethesda. Hm.
Good Morning Tweet Friends! The sun is shining..do something YOU want to do today- #INSPIRE yourself to #ACCOMPLISH something #Meaningful!!
Hahahaha RT : Everyone up here is amped for karaoke night since Whitney showed up.
Some snitch at school told my principal that I was cussing on instagram(she hates cussing). Stupid snitches.
0 stuff, but nothing's working! Customer Think
thankyouu XD your url please so i could follow back
Goodmorning <3 What are you doing today?
the deed has been done. Need redemption from that.
“The awkward moment when it's quiet in class and your stomach decides to make that dying whale sound.”
isn't this like your second one? :p
"let's get fucking weird tonight! jesus christ is in the house--i've seen him!!" --some random dude on stage @#wastedface w/
DNS Agency & Events...Everything you need to BOOK A STAR! DM or Email me for the Price List.
DOUBLE ALBUM!!
thank you. Check out our song creatures, let us know what you think. Look fwd to following you
#IB7 rocks! Just heard Greg Dekker of steelcase...cubicles r not cool!
50 followers in 7 hours!!...send in your pictures folks
Baaba Maal is all grown up! So much soul. I'm so moved, thank you.
nightmare city. maybe result of nightmare schedule. ready for a getaway with my love and my friends.
u save me some?
just saw UK plays when I work on Sunday... they better not expect me to do a damn thing
TY for the follow! I'm enjoying AZ right now
YES IS ON
Congrats to my Bestie :)
I put it on str8 porn he ask with in 3 mins he had me sucking his cock then he pulled my short off started to jack me off then he started to
agreed, kevin says he is a bum... yet oriaki averaged 9 and 9 on championship team year when he got minutes on a good team
#theawkwardmoment when you realize you can see completely through your shorts at work. Um. Oops.
I love your cover
Bye Boy Bye ,
Join us next week for more wrestling action on Underground Television!
So what time is the #megamillions drawing tonight? When can I start spending the money?
- That was really punny. ;)
Spotted some snap pants. Woh Nelly! People still own those things?
GO FOLLOW AND YOU WILL GAIN UP TO 500 FOLLOWERS .. TRUST ME...
I asked my neighbor on Tues who he voted for and he told me he didn't know there was an election. Huh? #wiunion More people need to WAKE UP.
If you're one of those people that has keyboard click sounds enabled on your smartphone, I'm judging you.
love u justin !amazing music amazing look amazing persona
it's a new fashion trend!.. don't worry, we've all done it.
So today is National Be Nice to Lawyer's Day... bahahahaha like that will every happen
You make yourself blush! “: oh stop it, you're making me blush <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> RT “: you beautiful person you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>””
And now it's fine again. Saw a few people with sporadic issues with it this morning. Oh well…
Love that kid
Urban children need to know that someone cares about whether they stay in school, off drugs, and out of jail.
night twitter
sounds great
Firefox generally does better for me.
has a great tv show and she's funny. She's unique! is a barbie wannabe and totally a phony! She's a disaster.
- oh, I knew you weren't serious. I was just reflecting on the incident. I was just saying I wasn't completely without blame.
Dumbass #criminals in this crazy world we live in and these judges really be letting them go fucked up system
going down tonight!
I'm Not Ready! Need much more practice!
come over, if u want. I'll be at the courts son!
My mom's co-worker was tryna talk to me today, and she better not say nothin to him when she goes back to work lol.
I voted for and . They have my endorsement and my vote. Oh, and I voted for myself: Kris Bailey :)
I think I found out who got they ass beat
What did you do today? :)
On zee way to zee show!
every time i've been offered "the usual" at a restaurant, it was the one time i didn't want the usual.
They call him Mamba like spice but he top shelf like croniK ha #Get em Kobe
People Trend #CastronovosAtAlbiviFriday for (:
Thanks! MT Our #FF goes to these great museums!
Build out of our popcorn facility has begun! Shout out to for your help. Get ready for some gourmet popcorn D.C.!!!
Cosign! RT : Adele (looking GORGE in Armani) is simply gonna sweep every category she's nominated. Rightfully so.
Let's get curing!!!
That, to me, is the EXACT definition of winning. Lucky, with a degree of competence. :)
Being stylish is knowing what suits you. It is dressing to emphasize your assets and minimize your flaws.
On a whim I bought some Smashing Pumpkin tickets a few weeks back. Tonight is the show. I guess I'll go. What the hell.
yea I'm planning on being there for the sp game. Always a solid wknd.
Maybe the lesson is that the best shade is tied to specificity? Don't say that they suck, say *how*? Generic bitchiness is lazy?
Hey would you be interested in playing with the Baltimore Media Orchestra!?
Early good night my mother bs'in tryna make me go to bed earlier
Don't pull me down, this is where I belong I think I'm different, this is where I belong
It's going to be 35mm & 2D at the Ritz!
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you! (Revealing my true geeky colors here.)
Slap happy o'clock.
I think everyone ought to get wealthy and well-known and do everything they ever desired so they may notice that it's not the answer.
I hear you, but it matters to me because the team I love and root for isn't really trying to win.
yea she gets so excited like Liam on Christmas!
Remember after that Yankees game when Ben and LL had a postgame meeting with Bobby V? I think tonight might be one of those nights.
That was a bust!
Coverage of Cristo Rey Jesuit's 1st-ever commencement begins RIGHT NOW: Check out Baltimore magazine's story on CRJ's outstanding seniors!
Fling dirt enough and some will stick.
I'm sleepy and bored but I'm really horny thro tmi
#FF: LGBT groups at Christian colleges
Perhaps the only way we can be truly free is by neglecting our dependence on foreign oil and wiping away the blood money.
should be ashamed..I'm in atl and he mia
Just had a discussion about the pending hockey theme
#Santorum at National #Catholic Prayer Breakfast in WDC RT : gets a standing o at
what's good homie
Intimacy is not purely physical. It's act of connecting with someone so deeply, you feel like you can see into their soul.
There is only one person who can measure your success. That person is you.
Never interrupt 's nap time.
hm. The plastic 'teeth' barrette works, from behind. We could do margaritas and have a hair party:-)
I'm so thankful to have a daughter who is a morning person. Although the excitement of #takeyourchildtoworkday certainly helps :)
Gonna get LINsane tonight. Yup.
Haha the #C4 is normally $50-60 a can and they were running 3 for $100 they just threw the other stuff in
If it wasn't for the pain I felt yesterday, I would not be the person I am today !!! :)))
Ima try this sleep thing one more time
my mom shes gonna make a twitter account later !!! lmfao im thinking like what do u thinkk??
writing new music :)
I won't be marshaled by these tiny jabronis
It's official. I am now a PUBLICIST! Yep. I'm so cool.
1) Watch porn 2) Win the lottery 3) Meet Barbra Streisand* *The only three things I'd rather do than suck a dick.
It's Friday, Friday...remember Rebecca Black? She gave the best day of the week an anthem. #NoHate! Haha
IU Vocal Jazz Ensemble today at 4:00pm in Auer Hall! Be there!
Still looking to find those who believe aquaponics is a key to conserving water, stopping pollution, fresh healthy food, and green jobs
My battery is at 50% & its barely gonna be lunch.
Impress your mom for Mother's Day w/ American Express® Simon Giftcard®. T&C's apply.
I was just checking on my son and she fucked up the whip
Tweet me if you tried to look up Cody Beebe and the crooks- waiting on you!! I will follow you if you do!!!
Million Dollar Listing is coming on tonight! Who else is going to watch it? You can really learn a lot about real estate from that show.
Has there ever been a weaker Champions League group than Group G?? I've never seen anything like it...
No Promise(:
sweet. :) i'm alone with my sister in house because my parents went to a party, haha. <U+2665>
bro did u put the RUG shit togather, cause I'm seein it everywhere...or is another group of rug niggas who jockin styles
What new thing will you #recycle on Tuesday Nov. 15, #Americarecyclesday? I'll be on local TV news asking people in my area that question.
Swear, my life sucks so bad sometimes.
Friday... " Its Mr.Nasty Time" rofl
Thanks for the #FF :. Have fun this weekend. And say hi to for me.
A random Pennsylvania number just texted me a pic of the entrance to Wrigley Field. I'm at least happy to know it's sunny in Chicago today.
The way you love me .
My mood right now <<<
Im literally just throwing on clothes nd walking out. Im way too tired
Who can braid the dreds up for me real Quick???
We can't wait! Looking forward to having you here and seeing all the great work.
. -- "I am an accidental philosopher of things bovine."
Why is your show called PDXposed when almost all the episodes are not about Portland? Still, It's a great show!!!
Damn, sad to hear the passing of music revolutionary and friend to humanity. Adam "MCA" Yauch - Time to listen to some Beastie Boys
yes, yes we do ROCK!! So excited for our magical cruise onboard the Fantasy!!
My friends always say how I'm obsessed with Eminem....I'm past obsessed. Its officially love.
cannot wait until wednesday!!! ah #boyzhitabdcagain gonna be amazing <33 follow?
who wants to go to The Secret Room tonight at Treehouse!? got 2 guest list passes to give away! First 2 to like this get in +1
I dont have to stereotype and be racist because black people got that covered already
wtf haha i almost tweeted that same one.
the ugly side of living in the "tendernob"
you on your way to GB?
Thanks for coming to visit us crazy kids !
If I was a super hero I'll b the hulk and just fuck shit all up lol
ATTN: FASHION & BEAUTY MEDIA PLANNERS! New website w/ adv. opps for celebrity stylist contact
Lakers are playing not to lose instead of playing to win. This isn't good for them
everything about the berrics is awesome.
Do you need to hire Fin'l Analysts? Know what companies have them? We can find EVERY SINGLE ONE of them inside those companies! Remarkable.
i felt like i was in a bad kdrama
Tornado virus!!!
Just took the fastest stack of bills out the atm... don't worry tho, it'll all be gone by tomorrow.
RT : Making money while sending jobs overseas and bankrupting companies.
I gotta come see !
Thinking of all my friends in Grand Turk today. Be safe! Go away #irene!
"What can be done, will be done." #Entrepreneurship and the changing #American dream. "I have a job" by
Want us to follow you? Then tweet about us telling people to check us out and we will follow you :)
Man what i do too :( RT : #WhatIMissTheMost Dallas, Texas
I got it ;P
No, typically the migration is pretty seamless. Only problems might be if you had a VPS w/root & made custom changes ^CH
Come to square 80 for the start of #springfling!
thanks mike!
Capturing the historic beauty of the national pastime in prose he does not mangle./Roger Angell
Congrats to #DCCharterSchool Stars. Way to go #HowardU Middle Sch of #Math &
Omg looking at the upcoming fall fashion trends, I shouldn't have thrown anything away, cuz they're back out again.. I love fashion!!<U+2665><U+2665>
Dennis rodman going to do a Topless basketball game?! I'm coach!
This is my nightmare....
Happy Easter!
Here to let you know, if you're going through something keep holding on to God Unchanging Hands! He will never leave you.
I'm at whiskey bar for the first time ever. I have an unbelievable urge to survey everyone in the place & see why they are here.
I said sorry already like 10 times, why keep bringing it up?.. You do something wrong ad I dont bring it up like a million times..
Thanks for the tip. I ended up watching a youtube video and using a DIY repair kit from the auto parts store.
Just saw one of them drunkenly faceplant into the ground. Wow. you would be rolling laughing right now.
Peach roses are so pretty.
doesn't it hurt like a bitch ? I cried my first time lol
And to embarrassing.
I miss you too, I always get a good laugh with yo ass
must be a pretty fucked subject lmao makin that face and all
Back to Stucco, excited to successfully complete our projects! Thank you Albuquerque for the opportunity!
yes'r, cleaning AND loading LOL #RedneckJokesAreTrue,
thanks for the follow!! I was shocked to see a hip hop legend appear on my twitter peace
first off, i'm totally gripped by the winnicott, freud, jung weaving in and out
Von Maur is playing the cheesy inspirational music on piano. Gotta love the Von...
Received the best email this morning from detailing improvements his team has made to my Geolocation plugin for
I always say centered food equals centered behavior,
those are seriously how i get all my friends though so.
What a great show. THANK YOU!!!!
I went to pick up little dog client today, but she was sleepy from nap & wanted her tummy scratched. Sweet. She's usually ready to walk me!
Ugh! So, so annoying!
Its really disturbing to arrive home on Easter Sunday and finding you have a robo call from a candidate received during worship time.
Just bought oldest daughter a gr8 Cookies & Cream Shake at Pinecrest Wayside Market.
One more second I'm gunna strike oil... Flo Rida finals week!
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!
Awesome Ill be in Vegas May 7th-10th!!!
my duties called ;)
What if it was GG Allin shitting Google doodles into the Dropbox logo?
Anyone else experiencing an unusually high volume of local authors visiting to sell their books to us?
: Can we have a public comment moratorium for some public officials? Just until #Indy is #smokefree. Don't screw this up.
That was awkward !
EMPIRE STATE OF MIND
#dhtrial jury foreman showing frustration. Jury dismissed to return Monday.
working on collabs, hit us up if you wanna get on a song!
iwas being mean cause you were being mean first :(
RT Like the stars may your love be constant. Like the earth may your life be grounded. Like the light, may your spirit shine.
I've already played hookie too much :)
we live in fishers. Would you recommend any veterinarians in our area?
Oh sh*t. Just discovered I am older than the mother of my nephew's wife.
r.i.p donna summer.
Here here! RT : We do too! Up next: the logo!
They call it Valentine's day, I call it Tuesday.
Oh Harry.
interesting wsj story. trying to decide whether it's a big deal. thoughts?
“: I love my bros forreal, they motivate me”
Thanks for the mention.
you know it! Although a beach front evening in Charleston, SC sure sounds good!
CBS Radio's Sports Steamroller of Love is indeed heading to Philadelphia, where WYSP will become a simulcast of WIP on 9/6.
is just down right sexy
House 3 @ ECTA has ruined my social life.
Vernon Davis will easily be a top 5 TE with his talent and Harbaugh's system...despite having a mediocre QB
4 P's of Persuasion: power, positioning, performance, & politeness. Other's perception of you in these areas is your reality.
But it is all so good!
When all the other U.S. cities get together at reunions family picnics are they jealous of Las Vegas or ashamed?
GM soon followed with the Cadillac Escalade
Going back to my old ways with these
what?'who?
"Sweep around your own front door before you try to sweep around mine..."
Everyone follow @ RocRoyal_143MB
Listen to "Fuck me baby" by Huey Mack. This remix is so much better than the original.
Vegan going mainstream is an interesting concept. Because there is greater access,it is easier than ever,and where better than www.blpdx.com
yup! And very crazy
Omg i havent been on this thing in forever....how does this even work! Lol planning on watching degrassi 2nite wit all my buddies! again...
london gentlemen? No, no, black beards delight
A big #FF shoutout to the Friends of Greg's team for their support over the years. They are the top fundraising team each year! Thanks.
a patron thought she had to file her tax extension with me.....
I don't trend stuff.That's not how I roll.
wuz up hommie stop.n by to show luv
RT : Drive me back to the bridge
fair enough - vegetable/fruit juice suspension and smoked tofurkey, onion, sprouts, spinach and munster sandwich
Don't tweet that! Your tweets control the outcome. Think magical 9th. Walk offs and so on.
U have a car yet?
Evening 'burgh...did you have a nice Mother's Day?
I am so sick of living I can't even explain
RT : Seems no one is safe from Goldman layoffs: At least 1 person cut from PR department this month.
Man so jealous.. I want chinese.
Hopefully landed another website Job and wrapping up A la Carte's website hopefully by middle of next week. Wish me luck!
Apparently Jon Temte spends half his time pointing at trapezeii.
Loving The Person I See When I Look In The Mirror...(Words 4rm Mr. Production "The Guy" A Man Of God Pursuing God Full Time)!!!
I swear Kevin always answers my calls <3
Can I use Bitcasa from more than one Mac? Or is it limited to one machine? Asking before I set it up on my work computer.
#ScholarsThursdays starts next week but tonight everyone's a scholar! 2-4-1 TAPS AND 1/2 PRICE APPS after 9 pm #EthanKeller will perform.
I like that! I like to push my limits too...I'm in for another 10.. maybe join you for 50... keep me posted...
If that's your ho.... That's my hoe too
I think your silent moment started after you tweeted. :-) Happy New Year.
Demise of Isidore-of-Seville is a pity; it included a Web-friendly massaged clone of Halsall's Atwater translation of Procopius' Anecdota.
I know right. Awful.
u know u rep MKE to the fullest :)
day two of migraine.
Hey , good luck! Hope this twitter feed provides help in the process:
my b kid just saw this now, ill give it to u at school cuz i wana give u a wav. file anyways
seen all the fifty states, never the U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS!
Thanks for the kind mention!
please follow me :))) i love you !!
Glad you like the LI post! Good thing the reading app isn't auto or everyone would know what a fantasy nerd I am.
Pretty excited for lunch today Tea House in the Third Ward with !
Live Tweeting all Marathon Monday! Follow for updates on all 15 of our AMAZING runners!
- Yes it is.....marvelous Monday morning....so much still to come....
I'm actually a supporting role in the movie "Finding Bliss" this summer. Not sure about releases but I'll keep u posted!
Jeff Van Gundy doesn't believe Josh Harrellson's nickname is actually Jorts.
LUKE BRYAN. MARRY ME PLEASE.
There's no i in Teamocil, but there is a u in ! Which means you should join our team. Jerks.
I think some Dodger fans are going to find a way to blame this blown save on Broxton.
Fresh set :)
Woodlawn st has been fucked up for almost a month now!
“: Tomorrow is primary election day. Get out and support Arthur Kohl Riggs at the polls and start WI moving forward again.
I hope you like the kid I paid to wooooooooah at you today. He said you were so awesome that he was giving me the money back!
Don't slow down for the ones that wanna keep you back, keep up with the ones that will push you forward!
Storm has killed the power in my area. Stream will be back on soon. Sorry...
Coming up at 6pm, Timbers Army vet Shawn Levy joins us, plus a free pair of tickets to next Saturday's match... TI30 at 6pm on Ch 12.
...just finishing some articles on social media and athletic recruiting.
why is it such an important job? Does the earth really need more humans? I think we have quite enough already.
hey Z!! What's shaking??
": woo hooo...we are ready....some of us a little wet already ;)" That's the way we like it =)
If you feel unwanted, let it go and get the fuck out. #AlliNeedIsYuli (:
Seize opportunity by the beard, for it is bald behind.-Proverb
really good Q: "what is "community?" Can be big or small, but Q for you: at what age are we allowed to participate? 18 & Voting?
Way to go!!! Best Friday Ever? Quite possibly.
beautiful weather! I wish it didn't mean horrible tornadoes, and just be normal like it is at the other end of the world!
This real time Google Analytics beta is really cool.
Wouldn't mind sending Starlin here. LaHair not looking comfortable vs the lefty & likely gonna see breaking balls
Just texted ya <3
We are about to see if fear over Super Bowl parking or fear of not learning prior to a test is greater on a very quiet IUPUI campus
gary, you make me blush. What a bromance we have
Thanks for the follow! Please be sure to follow my company, to learn about career opps, recruiting trends, etc.
#Boss right?
word lemme know!
I'm intrigued by the photos! Sounds like a fab new book. (BTW, am reading HUNTRESS arc now and love it!)
I can already tell this summers boutta be the shit with & .
David Borne' is playing at BBqbeach FRI and SAT from 6:45 to 8:45! Come out for great music, great drinks, and the best BBQ nachos in town!
stats is fake math, nothing in it makes sense
Previous tweet nearly caused a car accident...
I don't want to go back to school today. :/
grow it out!!
If you're a fan of There For Tomorrow, Woe, Is Me, The Venetia Fair, Ionia, or The Narrative then us w/ Q's! Interviewing tomorrow!
I've been everywhere!!! I miss ur hot ass! I get back wednesday so I will def b seeing u out! Muah xoxo
I know how you feel. I'm staring at my grandma's necklace that my dad gave to me as a wedding present. I miss her.
“: Selling my espresso setup today. - Hey I might have some interest in that.
thanks for the love feel free to check out our videos on YouTube and drop us a comment :)
yeah lol Gurl I'm looking for a book for a project lol
The free agency Miami has to invest in a Big man and a decent PG
The Louisiana Research Collection will close early tomorrow, due to Tulane's closing at 1pm. Catch us at the #Saints parade, #whodats!
Got out of the pool and my head was bleeding...who says swimming isn't a contact sport
Please welcome CupidStar to the Max life
It was great! Yup, 22nd :D
Nice presentation at #USF today! Enjoyed it and like #Canvas a lot.
funny how no one else seemed remotely upset at the end #whatwhy?
I'm running the Race for Hope 5k this Sunday in DC (running being a subjective term in my case). Is anyone else?
I guess the Truth won't be calling in tomorrow
What NO DOOR?
Yes!!!! So excited for
How yall holding up?
So, who else is stuck with family and debating the proper amount of time to wait before fleeing back to civilization?
Thanks for eveything good luck in Cincy #PatsNation will miss you.
in penn quarter. i stumbled onto it after a meeting, and i'd been meaning to try it for months. :) great new italian restaurant!
It will change, just give it a little time. If you click on your profile you will see that it appears with old tweets.
I'm On A Boat Take a good hard look at the m'f boat :P
so are you saying that you or Justin has shirtless vids??? Either way PLEASE POST THEM! we are ready lol.
Do you think Eddie Murphy's girl still likes to party all the time? Do you think she was on something? I hope she got herself some help.
Call now to receive ½ off your second pizza when you order two. Who Hooo!!
Powering through and seeking my creativity before I call it a night
Back up in the gym lets get it
thanks. We really appreciate that. We look forward to handing you some of our projects so you can check them out.
Plus your new basketball team was made to look like chumps. 60 dollars is pretty excessive though. Sorry. :/
Did someone really just ask me out? Loving life.
Traffic on Reisterstown Rd in Owings Mills restricted to middle lanes b/c of water.
For the S.
I could meet you at nine?
Thanks for the sweet re-Tweet!
if u in cincy on Ch 4 2nite...public access channel
Do you DeeJay in a club?
According the official rules of skunking, this is officially a skunk!
Send me a pic of you, and I'll tell you if you look best with Peeta, Finnick, or Gale :D
MOVE THAT BUS!!
Dammit im drunk >_< , for some reason, it helps me work though.
The ref didn't see the freakin goal in front of him!
It would be like really awsome if RT this and followed me! but we all know thats not going to happen:(
It's true if you see it on t.v. The American public must see advertisements in order to know what to do on election day. =money
Congrats on the National Book Award nomination for #salvagethebones !
Congratulations, I hate you
Ok I'm going to bed.. unlikely that ill actually fall asleep though... So more like ok I'm going to lay down in shock now. Night x
Thanks for the follow you guys rock! Your service helps out so many musicians
Black History Month Is Coming. Now Day's We Don't Celebrate It The Way We Use To. Why Do You Think That Is.?
thank you! i do have to admit that our new elevator isn't that much better...
ah! A giant beard face!
Randomly started listening to your "Before The Future EP" and So far so dope.... Keep it going yo.
Welcome to the twitterverse!
if so, at least you still have 100 bucks? Yay Monies!
so jealous!
Yeah, I did that...
love you too
I only kiss her when she on it #rickross voice
Something tells me Cliff won't be an academic all-american...
I never saw a sign but I'm definitely in illinois now
will keep you posted
To all 2k11 year-end best-of list compilers: Any who do not include WOODEN BIRDS 'Two Matchsticks' needs to find a new hobby.
Local mother breaks down in court. She's on trial for withholding cancer treatments for her son, who later died. at 5:30 on
Love how preaches droid > iPhone yet everyday from him and I get random old texts bcause they have to turn phone off
there really anything better than turning on the TV in rehab, and finding that the last episode of Grey's Anatomy is on?
I don't get why your ignoring me ugh it's annoying -___-
How so? BOTH HAVE A LOSING CAREER PLAYOFF RECORD. that is a fact. Indisputable. There is NO logic or opinion to debate.
me too :( its not a forshure but for summer ima goo,
Reportedly, Rahm is not returning calls from the Ricketts, so they can kiss help from city goodbye.
Gonna be a great day. Art Institute with an old friend, touristy junk, hangin with the guys tonight. Plus, migraine is finally gone.
RT : No power at the Albuquerque metro office campus. No classes at this location tonight. Classes at Kirtland AFB are going on.
same way with us :)
rough quote: 20th century, valedictorian memorized the most information, 21st century, there is not going to be a valedictorian
Crazy long weekend away with the girls at Beachmere in Ogunquit, ME. So much fun we rebooked for next year. Now back to work today.
Yay! We're not all being radiated (as far as we know)!
thanks for the follow :)
140 - 149? Um, was there any D at all played during the T-Wolves #OKC game??
Damn! I was on avail for that. RT Pentagon accuses "Chinese actors" of being world's biggest perpetrators of economic espinoage
instructional designing :)
Still figuring out your Easter plans? Why not take away the stress of cooking and make reservations at Beckett’s for Sunday Brunch!
oh sociology how i wish you were a little less boring!
Hey! We haven't talked in FOREVER!
ordered shrimp and grits at stella sola as app and again as entree. can die happy now.
can't believe 's performing like 3 hours away from where i live.
just made me want to run out when I saw it come up!
Yeah, Brad Wing. The 31 teams that don't pick Brad Wing next year inherently suck.
Apparently that #Black Friday sale was crazzy;;
Happy Anniversary!
hit u back in a few
#cnndebate what's your response to accusations that your policies create racial divides?
omg I KNOWWW . the things I do for the boys , my goodness ! They better repay me back with a kiss ya get me ? (;
Just like before I should've told you again, that I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
Senator Hann defends his decision to review grants
save the drama for ya mama!
In or near Palm Springs? Know someone who is? FREE live talk Better Understand the WHY of a child's behavior. 5/10 6pm contact me for info
just put the feather back outside and nobody gets hurt.
We'll take whatever game you've got: A, B, D, Cornish; Bring it, and we'll bring our vuvuzela's to show you what we think
Working every other day makes every day after the other a Monday. That's not good. Although would it make the end of the work day a Friday?
Better then Bill Ayers list, he just wants to kill all of use. And he is working as a colleague professor, spreading leftist hate.
So I wonder if 5/3 has offered to buy 's twitter handle?
Busy week is over. We're getting You?
#TenThingsToKnowAboutMe I used to be a dancer/Cheerleader/Gymnist
CHI: I'm DJing a loft party 2nite w/ (DM me 4info)
Im So Determine to Get SIGNED To MMG LASTKINGS OCEANGANG YMCMB ALL THIS WORK PAYS OFF
Good morning family ... we are focused on making today more incredible than yesterday ...
what are some the advantages and disadvantages of the school budget
Basketball was fun!!.
Great response to Smokey webisode. You also make an appearance in the Game Show sketch, coming up next Wednesday.
My in-ears are fixed. Thank you Jesus!
So excited for Raw tonight! Forget wearing a suit to work today I will proudly wear my shirt thru all my meetings
Hey Jordan - how are things going? Thanks for highlighting my tweet.
Alright South Texas get out & enjoy some Live Music this weekend! The weather is JUST right...
i saw that i never online in skype baby :)
youre not fat AT ALL. dont let them get to you babydoll! xx
Should we start a WRD Gilmore Girls Fan Club? Please tell me you're a Parenthood watcher.
conflict brings about change
Throw ya hands in the air, if yous a true playaaaa
I need to start a load of laundry before I leave the house tho...
What's your subject? Should teach health class. I had Home Ec in 1968 :)
Show this friday with and LI stand up! BC'S Pub Bellmore, NY.
After 2 weeks of losing my groove and wrestling with my alarm clock over my 0515 swim, I finally got my groove back..for a day anyway.
Florida overwhlems you with physical ability but their offensive execution is very avg..not a great killer instinct
who are you talking to?
that's awesome!! I'm really into vb I play it for two seasons outta the year then go to a bunch of camps during the summer
Why make dinner on a Monday when you can just order a pizza.
: nope but will tomorr! I hope is participating cuz their mac & cheese = Everything!
I have been to the Red Iquana and it is definitely worth it!
I Watch Spongebob Everyday After School
Olicity and Co. shooting some video footage here at R2K today!
how bout a fist with a sweat band on it!
ohmygosh me too!! Aha me & my family went out to eat. We do it every Friday(: wbu??
American Beauty
We are making every effort to ensure that the inaugural staging of the VRWF delivers a memorable and enjoyable experience for all .
that's sad.
I'll bring the bird cage
taylor lautner = pure sexiness. if you can pull a body like that off, then you'll have hundreds of girls knocking at your door.
Half off Starbucks frappuccinos from 3-5pm. Excellent. Also frappuccino is the hardest thing to spell ever.
I'm going to get a new laptop.
Wtf is going down tonight?
I got a bootleg copy of the artist. Good quality but it is black and white and missing sound.
Sad to hear about Pineda labrum tear. I've done the SLAP twice now and it's no joke. Never the same.
Having a great time @ dress for success!
An hour late for work on Mothers Day. 395 ramp from GW Parkway closed; Route 50 closed; stuck in traffic... I want to shoot myself
can't wait to see my sailor come home next month...almost there!! <3
RT : If you play a Nickelback song backwards you’ll hear messages from the devil. Even worse, if you play it forwards you’ll hea...
is my favorite person on this earth
stop tweetting ever 2 seconds & come over already!
The day already started...even for those who haven't moved yet!!!
Follow us! We Flollow Back!!
Emily, did you get tickets for their 2013 tour?
ROFL ! Nice Tips :) If you ever get caught sleeping on the job... slowly raise your head and say, 'In Jesus name, amen'
How about Tony Todd?
H A R L E M BOUND
I just want to say to ALL the USA troops. Thank you!!! Thank you very much and good bless
could I please get an RT for an amazing singer/songwriter, #levilowrey?
Big Girls MOVE Big Weight
Everyone send him silly string for his birthday, he loves that. RT : Today: The final day of my 20s. Onward!
Night x
i felt so pretty tonight<3
Can't fuckin sleep
hey Alis how are you :)
This cat always has a bitchy look on it's face. Maybe it needs a cat vibrator or something. Do they make those?
kind of sad that Karl Malden was only buzzing for about an hour (and got replaced by sree)
heck yeah!
Heads up Ozaukee county, warned tstorm in Washington county moving in next 10-20 mins, pretty much entire county.
You're welcome. I encourage City Kitty. Or euthanasia.
Braves first in the league in Runs, 10th in OBA.
Dallas RT : If Khloe & I take a city what city should it be??? #Kim&KhloeTake...
PLEASE HELP US TREND!
didn't c ur tweet n time, but I did tivo the episode. U were Sharp! That should've been ur trip!
AMEN!! RT : Racing season can't get here FAZZT enough!
yo what's up! Let's go for coffee miss thing! Lol
#know12 ServiceNow being used beyond IT: notion of incidents exists in HR, Facilities, etc. Services projects, not just IT
I can!! RT “: testing testing, can you see this?”
Watching the waves roll in from the Gulf of Mexico, wearing a parka and flip flops.
It might be 7 months always but our plans for SXSW are in the works. Support Live Music!
Lmao it aint nun else to say !!!!!
#FF Super group, wait til you see what we create!
All I know For being rusty and all The Patriots looking GOOD...No Tom Brady on the field either...
You said "I love you". I said it too.The only difference is I didn't lie to you.
your first WHAT now? :) hi!
Red Sox winning again? Could be the start of making up all those losses. Not that I care, just an observation worth mentioning.
RT : ...Real Estate BarCamp at the Guthrie Theater. Join the conversation. #REBCMN [Wish I could come!]
Follow right now! This summer, our sports mgmt students will be all over this great Olympics travel site, live from London!
You shoot me down but I won't fall
doing good;) thanks!!
Up all night <U+2665>
"At the end of the day, it's a back-door rate cut," said Dustin Corcoran, CEO of the Cali Medical Association, which represents physicians.
thats great!! i hope you get to join the dance team!!! <3 im happy for u james!!:D
what the hell is this weather featuring David guetta
A true adventurer goes forth aimless and uncalculating to meet and greet unknown fate...
tell me what happened
something a hardass would say:) haha
You said you wanted to get signed. They pay for affiliations, laying bricks has been in my fam im connected like dots
I give you painful truth i know you want lies
oh. think your gonna get me sad cuz you cussed like no. your just being dumb!
I'm a priest.
"With girlish coquettishness and embarrassment , Nina makes way for him on the bench beside her."- STRANGE INTERLUDE (1928)
That is my dream playlist for yoga. My dream.
and they're definitely not disappointing - dude has skills ;)
Ppl r bad liars :p
Fourth day straight of feeling terrible <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7> blehh
what kind of protein shakes do you prefer? I'm looking into a few brands, but haven't tried anything yet.
Hung out with Chef Yang of #livingsocial. Thanks to for the hook up!
Grammy night dinner - Chicken and Spinach Orzo pasta with Brazilian Cheese Bread. My wife can cook! Thank you good Lord :)
yup haha u gotta problem with that :P
What's your BEST piece of wisdom to new Event Planners? Please share and we'll share your shares!
I love the swag of your spirit! You are absolutely amazing to me. God made you special not only to Him, but also to me.
when you fuck with me/you'll always want more, I'm so damn addicting like sex to a whore
Scored my best game ever: 221 pins!
Yay!! RT: “: Time for the ride to work listening to and Karla.”
MY BABIES AH
Peace out Manhattan. It's been real. I'll visit soon.
#layoff news- #California: UI Code change: Establish claims under alternate base period set by law no later than 4/2/11 (previously 4/3/11)
looks like tamar is tired of being in your shadow #bfv getover-it-tamar.com
New England Patriot Brian Waters and his Lovely Wife Yolanda at The Spa Bar for his SURPRISE BIRTHDAY PARTY!
The worst thing would by the Tworture
Yp\ou're so welcome! Once my laptop gets fixed I'm gonna doa video(:
Most discrimination on the basis of conviction/arrest record happens when employers review CCAP.
Getting my hair washed :)!
Give us a call as long as your in California we can still help you 949-769-3400 call on Monday OK?
Glow bowling and rolling nothing but strikes with and
T4: Much like CMIOs, linking the clinical perspective to the data is imperative for quality to improve, IMO
How bout YOU dm ME >:)
im gonna Beg and Make my parents get me Tickets for ONE DIRECTION!! May the odds be ever in my favor(; haha
Talking about importance of everyone having the right to trial by jury. That's why we're here. Hadn't thought of it that way.
#loveindy is it happening right now? Any admission charge?
Learned at that Shirley McClaine will be honored with this year's AFI lifetime achievement award in June. Very cool!
If you can't make it, go to HopePark.com at 1130, pastor David Perez.......I really miss my church family in Nashville
It sucks that web I need you the most, you're not here.
me too! I'm KtRnst.
GLEE Sneak Peek: Is Mercedes Dying??
"you is kind, you is smart, you is important." :)
just left (;
#libmade barriers to innovation/space - could go mobile!
Thought I was going to have to come out of the bullpen to give you CPR.
" to move to NY city would be so big..I would paper the entire United States." this should be in the Onion!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME
Happy birthday!
I think it's hilarious that the LA Kings are leading the series 2-0 against Vancouver. I'm a Bruins fan, what do you expect.
Enjoyed it as well! Real bevs sound good
Wowzers. 5 wins in a row for the !
Congrad, to all the accomplishments, Toni and Black whats up
Wow...I actually was looking at that page when you asked Q12 and thought you might ask that question! I know the answer!
'Be present.' Great inspirational talk by #IU athletics director Fred Glass at Boys & Girls Club fundraiser.
10 a.m. is too early to break into the tin of cookies my co-worker gifted me for my birthday...right?
&&' Just Here With My Frieendd &' Listenin to music (:
GASP, they need to be stung
Oh! I had no clue it was in CA. Just thought since you're 'here', umm, yeah. We will definitely contribute. No doubt.
Sabres I'd attempt to unload, in order: Sekera, Roy, Gragnani, Leopold, Stafford, Gaustad.
PAT! You go in! What address didn't work? Not going to CAUS tomorrow... still want to help. I appreciate you thinking of me.
I Make Irvington Look Good . . . . Ask me how!
Duh, where have you been?
Arthur Miller and Marilyn Monroe? Is bringing to DC?
Starting a new scene at the Pearl Cup.
yeah Cupid alright...
Things I've Googled so far today: ballgowns for men, satin ball gown drag queen, design wedding dress online.
its worth the wait
they need to dump Beckett.
Birthday celebration is at the midpoint ... hoping for things to become truly unbelievable in the next few hours.
Last night I wrote myself a letter. But I forgot to sign it and now I don't know who it's from.
well I know we dont know each other like that but im your friend and willing to be your friend.
no worries, it'll be fine. Just really caught me off guard
I'm twatching !!!;) him
I shoot for the moon. But I'm too busy gazin' at stars
There's a special place in my heart for departing senator Olympia Snowe.
Jersey Shore's Deena Cortese didn't risk interacting with her fans at MTV..guards whisked her to town car..crazy chaos
I hate it when I plan a conversation in my head and the other person doesn't follow the script.
Follow my original account:
depends on the week and some other factors. Wife is pregnant with our first and we are learning a lot.
We're not the same person we were a year ago, a month ago, or even a week ago. We're constantly changing. Experiences dont stop. That's life
When u want to get something out of life...surround urself with people u don't know
how yu get to grades ready mane
I feel sorry for you.
Honey Magazine slated to relaunch 2012 stay tuned!
Search until you find a costume that you truly like and that is well-made
I hope so! I thought we'd be right on time.
What is truth...but a meer interpretation of your own perception?
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean whenn its sung in a song?
Wonderful day filled with observing our government at work and our people making their voiced heard. I <3 DC (again)
Organic farms yield less produce, require more land: study
sick and tired of driving all my family members and their various friends everywhere!!
Servant leaders are mission driven. There's more to this than us - Vicki Clark
Have you heard of ? They have an awesome ginger like you & have done covers of WTK.
At this point in my life I'm really great full for giving me happiness and peace this past month <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
It's wonderful to see you on Twitter. While I don't leave cello's in taxi cabs, I have a bad habit of locking myself out of my car!
#Wegmans using local produce as a loss leader... hurting local farmers. cot.ag/nmIQ0f (via )
date night with my main squeeze :)
Congrats you are the retarded offspring of five fishfrogs having butsex with a squirel! Gotta love south park! Haha
Butler goes on run to bring it within two, trailing 21-19. Kameron Woods has five points of the bench, sky is the limit for this kid.
Congrats to the SD Girl Scouts for their successful Cool Women Luncheon! Inspirational women who give back are being honored!
Going to this guitars and stars Thing for work look for me for a free shirt and look for the tattooed dudes BOOOOOZINNNNNNNN
.haha, im trippin' hard. im kinda hungry too... fuck!
There are a bunch but, I care about making artists like you visible. You guys are so talented and I wanted to help.
Does anyone else find it convenient that Ashley Judd is standing up for some issue in the media just when her new tv show is out?
Don't do them like that. lol
RT : #Bears head coach Lovie Smith 54 years young today. Great guy, darn fine coach.
I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and Fries
All last-sessions-at-a-conference should have a DJ. Thanks , , and all!
What I'm hearing is that it's enough to duplicate your twitter content. Big G is watching & indexing.
I love ya music cant stop listen to ya cd's...
I now have a new account for NSR, it is NSRIndiana. You can follow me on that account as well.
Maybe I should just leave you guys alone.
#First20SongsOnShuffle #2 Devil In The Machine by Liquid Stranger
I'm so glad they didn't mess it up!
Mayor Rahm Emmanuel says "Day of Reckoning" has come and its time to fix chicago's pension mess-chicago tribune
I gotta get up early! >.<
The best way to prepare for death is to live life to its fullest
I didn't but I will. Thanks.
THIS MY LAST TIME GETTING THESE TWIST... 11:30AM TO 6:30PM??? WTF??? SMDH.... THEY MADE ME MISS THE AWARD CEREMONY... BITCHES???
Just checked in using my iPad. Going to ATL for conference.
Do something spontaneous today. An act of random kindness. Report back what you did.
RT : Tell me about a moment when you knew for certain that your path was correct. How did that make you feel at the time?
Good morning 2012 Celebration attendees! Remember to follow #CLbrT2012 for conversation about the conference!
I have simply three wishes: 1) to go to heaven 2) to b loved bby atleast one person 3) for all this drama shit to end. Its getting old.
Ball so hawrd my ankle hurt
fuck yes. new song to be named "one of these days alice"
hit us up on that Facebook. W.facebook.com/thecellarsf
Lemme ask u this..do u use a house ball? RT : I'm planning on an 800 series. Disco lights only fuel my bowling skillz.
#WordsINeverWantToHear I dont love you anymore...
#ireallywant to not care what you think of me
you bout ready? I'm here at Reese Hall. I can head over whenever
Ready for you early! Double Punch drink of the day is our German Chocolate Mocha! Remember it is 25% OFF almost Everything in Bookstore.
I'm good ma...when u come back...u need 2 come by...
Please stop sponsoring American Digger - a program that encourages exploitation of our heritage for personal profit.
I must be scary. Only free seat on bus is next to me & some woman prefers to stand.
Sigh. Third rejection in a row on things I've had floating out in the world. Cue existential angst.
“: "You can't be free if you don't reach for help..."”
Being the only teenager in the car without head phones is sad! At least the radio is on! :D
If you die in an elevator, make sure you push the up button.
nigga, you go to sleep haha
Happy Birthday L!
I don't think realizes how popular she is in the
Just went hunting super fun.... But got my phone taken away last night like and hour after I found it. :( UGH!
I'm guessing that the fans that get the most upset are people who are life long fans or they bet lots of $ on the game
We need to do a podcast tomorrow
Like #Smithsonian, huge nerdy ideas brewing between #thirstdc & #NASA nerdettes & - get on this!
Yeah, it works out to $5 per site for 10 sites, and down to $1.50 per site for 500 sites.
Good strategy...but I have perseverance. So close...yet so far...
stop your gonna make me cry
oh! Really its on mine! But it's not on YouTube for me :/
Ha! RT : Phew, glad it's morning! Lady in hosp bed opposite me sleep-argued with herself ALL NIGHT. In different accents! :o
You have to have the TASTE to win, the WANT to win, and above all....the WILL to win! Now conquer your Sep. goals!!!
...while school-books and newspapers typify the busy, civic, and educational existence of the United States. (1850)
no problem! and thank you, glad you think so! :)
Glad I have a bunch of friends sitting downtown risking their ass for these NATO assholes what a joke, be safe brothers n sisters
Britain's Got Talent is back!
“: Making hot dogs takes water and fire. Making cools dog takes sunglasses and a dog.” huh?
« either you fwm or you don't ain't no IM BETWEEN ISH miss me wit that»
- Click here------>>> to find out this about how to get this for free!! hahahaha
University Pres. Rod Erickson says he wants the Penn State community to learn "not just the legal thing to do, but the moral thing to do."
Especially when it's the color of a pet's fur.
If our chakras weren't already open, we'd be dead.
Check out these amazing musicians! Let's give 'em a grand Twitter WELCOME! (o:
Independent Massage Therapists offer a personal touch to their longterm clients.
Thank you for following RIFT. This Chilling story that is based on True Events will be at the Leammle Theater in Beverly Hills on April 29
yeaa , but chris coghlan is just straight up beautifull !
A friend walks in when everyone else walks out
au revoir french homework
RT : Marching band members, don't forget about your physical forms.
They got you? RT : Spanked by Twitter API. Ouch. Be back when they let me in.
Nice site darkroom. Is it a custom WordPress template?
Getting my #ala11tech nerd on!
what happened to John Kerry's face?
It's so good when somebody loves you back. I'm talmbout a 50/50 though. That's love.
losing those two games against the Yankees totally ignited the Red Sox current momentum. Let's see how it lasts.
RT - So who its gonna be gabbert for jacksonville jaguars or newton tenn?-?
S/0 to #super booty that shit go
I need another WoodWick candle. That one you got me was phenomenal. Where can I get one?
SERIOUSLY! I remember looking them up and a picture of a street sign came up. Look at them now.
who cares. Do you fuck is the real question
Healing the hyperbaric way
Shouting Out to Pat Pope @ #ISDIP2012 from her home team in Cincinnati!!
RT Happy mothers day to all, enjoy!! U deserve it <U+E32E><U+E00E><U+E14C><U+E10E><U+E41D> // THANK U.
Knew a good portion of these people. Mayfest is dank.
Failures are the tuition you pay for success. When you have a setback, choose to react positively and learn something.
#GEMARocks is running a bit behind schedule, but be sure to stay tuned to #WGTB! We'll begin the broadcast as soon as the show's ready to go
So I thought we were learning new research 2day, but I attended a great #MSM-related #hpv training today. I'll share when I get the slides.
Just added a new payee to my online banking. Does it ever end?
mfw my internet completely evaporates just as I deliver the death blow to some #zerg guy.
tell me how I trip over my shoe lace...when my shoe is tied?
That's not my weapon... I am just shooting it. :)
Don Mattingly: What a Young New York Yankees Fan Saw That Made Mattingly a Hero - Bleacher Report
we love you too:)
You had a great tasting! Have you tried St-Germain + Whiskey?
Sometimes the world is way too small.
Today is #SexySunday ... Heading to a shoot with the fab & MUA ;) Can't wait!! Time to get #sexified. Xo
Now that Bieber's tour is over, it's a possibility that he shows up at Chris's concert in Pittsburgh. :))
shutup and come be here with me , miss You. Smile
Hi! Been a while hasn't it? How you been sweetie?
You got that right. My dream car is a 1968 Dodge Charger. I used to have one...OMG that car was amazing and I miss it.
Roasted some cauliflower with coconut oil, dressed it w/ tahini, lemon, olive oil. Pretty much the most delicious thing ever
My love affair with my Nissan Altima is fading fast. It has an engine rattle that sounds like $$$ flying out of my wallet.
looking for an imaging specialist for ideation and visualization work in packaging + retail/channel + motion + interactive environments.
To A Great 2010!
Oxy Mo: Amature Expert (..or as we'd like to say... Intern!)
so not "Reggie"? Duly noted.
Thank you!
I didn't know they gave out rings at the holocaust ahahah. Love this movie
Kareokee is fun....well watching it lol
What the hell... auto correct shouldn't even have that word there... );<
I CAN NOT STOP LISTENING TO YOUR SONG 11:11!<333333333333
i had a dream about a fall out boy reunion, in human form!!!!
hi Sebastian, years ago, I met you through a mutal friend, Eddie Ojeda who knew Chris Mc. I actually opend for you at toads.
Working on a cloud quote.
Takeaways from Day 1: Tech can be used for good and evil 2. ICT enabled not ICT driven 3. Locally adopted
he's pretty good, what's he make 5k a year playing in Yugoslavia?
was curious myself about pump.
You know who's happy about all this Mel Gibson stuff?
I know right.. I supposedly still co-own the collected DVD with Nicky ... where is that guy?
creepy cat lady!
thank you!
Lolk. I'm done with you.
Injustice could be eliminated, but human conflicts and natural restrictions cannot be removed.
You're adorkable :)
Imagine if NBA overtime was sudden death LMAOOOOOO
Guess u gotta come this year ;) RT : CMA Fest Memories 2011 me & but sadly missing
I saw a video of you eating shit out of a tree in the middle of the lake today. Ashley and I had to re-watch like 3 times. Ha
No one wants to see your bear claw. Pull your shirt down or wear looser pants.
are playing live with the Koffin Kats @ the otherside in Tulsa, OK on November 18th 8pm
I loved the finale but mad at the same time that i have to wait til next spring to see the shows next season u deserve an award!
What were some of your favorite dresses from last night's Academy Awards?
My #Zoom360 has arrived!!! Hello, kid on Christmas morning!!!! Could I be more excited!?! Simple answer.... Nope!
Before you “assume” try this crazy method called “ask”
Watched "My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding". Interesting...women married at 16 and becoming housewives. Rare for them to know how to read/write...
Yay! It's an amazing book. And congrats on buying a house!
Hor d'oeuvres, live music, and an open bar means happy people at our booth at
Bruce Willis in The Jackal.
not in Detroit
Suddenly, Jay-Z can't name *any* Meredith Brooks songs.
Thanks, I had a great time! I always enjoy talking to smart, engaged students.
Enjoyed the piece. An aspect of trails and highways involves groups of minority descent.
no because labor day is the next day so you will be safe lol
LOL! I'm coming back soon as I can afford it!
Yes. This makes the Trayvon Martin case even more absurd.
Starting to lose faith in JPMorgan
I want MORE INK.
A two-year-old is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it. - Jerry Seinfeld
my personal is I don't use it anymore so we could just use that :)
dropping my mixtape real soon go cop that from your local bootleg man im spittin fire on the mic
Your attitude is shit. Goodbye.
Go some place you've never been before. RT : Shout I go to Costa Rica instead and save Hawaii for the winter?
Beavis & Butt-Head. Tonight. 10pm. MTV.
Awesome! Is there a good local scene out there?
hit clean hockey check, Letang leaned down late awkwardly and got bulldozed. Shoulder, not elbow, and contact point was chest
“: “: M... Should I do a shot while I'm at home?!” what u think bout dat?”
Mind your own fucking business. What I do with my life should be none of your concern.
Feeling good today.
omg- that is hillarious... sad, but hillarious - gives a whole new meaning to "pizza face"
You too Sir
Burgers on a truck? So brilliant it borders on diabolical! /cc
I wish someone could pause time and just let me sleep.. I'm so tired
If a problem doesn't make a student go hm, is it a problem at all?
Not too bad, my shower was cold this morning :( but I got Starbucks and I get to visit family this afternoon =)
I have to think what I want it to be.
Now I confused the heck outta people
Car I just passed had a "need a Santa?" bumper sticker and mr. Claus in full costume.
writing. new shit... inspired
the only daughter.
I need some of that heat
Bus ride home is already a comedy of errors with a slightly rage-fueled driver. Should be a fun commute.
if you study it isn't bad but I didn't crossword is due also
woah! Blast from the past! How are you guys?
Ha. Those foghorns better be real in this pea soup or there could be another disaster on the river!
My Indian porn name is Watch n Wack.
No not yet! Isn't he at his prom? :)
Oh it is so beautiful!!!
I love the eat-your-way-out scenario
let's dance in the moonlight.
Enjoy it!! <3
It's important to set goals.
is freaking out that I have a birth mark
something like that happened to me last week. I just flipped out my switchblade and scratched my head. He shut his mouth.
yea but I got me a cold glass of H2O right beside me
except that handle doesn't exist lmaooooo
Oh, I can do better. I just need to know what meaning needs INCLUSION
Obese player ARE dying at age 43, at a much higher rate than suicides. NFL players now are bigger than ever.
My moms a bitch, my dad's an ass, my sister is psyco, & my brother is an idiot !!
Beautiful tasting you put together there. Thanks for sharing your discovery. Cheers!
"Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish."
Ok I will work on this and send a link. This is cool!!
Even though we aren't together anymore. I love you so much MAL <3333
That exciting moment when you're about to try a new cereal you've never had.
Got simple #JNI example working with #jamvm on #OpenWrt #Kamikaze 8.09.1. Finally progress is being made.
Could you please please credit that cover video to "Wax Ecstatic & The Pympster"?
Take a seat Mendenhall that was a nasty hit Nada!!
do you remember having coming to Washington, Everett at the events center ? just wondering if would do that again?
I fear for your safety ... badgers have sharp claws, you know.
aye bro you get my text?
come on wit it fwm
Happy wedding day to my dear friends Tiffany & Lennon!! What a great day & so honored that I was a part of their big day!!
That's the end of the Knicks season... Sad day ....
newsletter? My blog?
I always do! That was a sweet deal ya got! Nicely done!
what other occupation. Freedom plaza?
Don't tempt me! Beau & I will be there, eating your food & preserves, and stealing his honey from his bees. Forever.
I'm already starving and ready for lunch
Eating every few hours helps to diminish cravings and stabliize blood sugar.
Yay, got my nails done :)
"Modern man is confronted with the task of making more readjustments of human values in one generation than have been made in 2000 years."
ah its nice out sucks I got a ton of work to do.
I don't like when people sit on my bed... That's why I always lay my Hello Kitty blankets when I know someone is coming haha.
ICC and WIPO launch Spanish version of "Making Intellectual Property Work For Business:" See ICC website.
My teacher sounds and looks like gigglie puff I swear
I LOVE YOUR HAIR SO MUCH!!!
I just met a Jew. Weird.
Sounds like a plan. Have a great weekend.
I put my phone on airplane mode and threw it in the air
Just heard a crazy rumor that will be giving out beer tickets to everyone who sees PANDEMONIUM on opening night.
assistant coach Buck Williams not extended. Contract expires end of june -
Good things come to those who work their asses off and never give up.
This is me too tonight.
I'll always do what is asked of me, but I am not a fucking mind reader.
Lots to mull over after--> RT:: Saw Becky Shaw last night Theatre. Comedic yet darkly satirical. Highly recommended.
Use software to track strategic plans. Libraries need to show accountability when working with admin ... and, you know, generally
When you are the strong one ppl don't give you permission to hurt
New Badass Images From Disney&#39;s Brave Put Katniss Everdeen In ...
my policy is always to NOT let companies store my CC info. Customers should have been made aware of your former policy.
fuck the D.E.A, I.R.S, and U.S Marshalls for the shit they pulled today at Oaksterdam #RIP to those who lost there life over a fucking plant
Good morning twitter!!!! Woke up feeling real great !!!
seriously..why am I here?
Hey Matt, my dear friend sent me here. I voted for you. Hope you get it, kid!
u2 thanks
#dumbthingspeoplesay If homosexuality is a disease then can people call in work 'gay'
Up early in the AM after a beautiful night. Ready to do it again next weekend
The officiating in the 4Q of this game is SO weak. For both teams.
I wish I could just stamp an image of Peggy Olson headdesking on some of these papers.
I love Snow Drifts from #CaribouCoffee :)
I absolutely loved the film 'Bottle Shock'! Pretty much anything about Napa & it's amazing wines & wineries I love!!!
Mayor press conf at 1:00 to prempt growing support for alder resolution extending time for tent city to stay on Occupy site.
Fresh out of practice now a long day of class !
Beautiful shop~Great new location on Montgomery Blvd in Mossman Center!
hey what kinda drums you have man??
where did I leave you?
YOU'VE GOTS A BETTER CHANCE THEN I DO
Me thinks that the moment my legs begin to move, my thoughts begin to flow. ~Henry David Thoreau
PM contacted Parcells 4 input & BP asked him if hes heard of Jamie Moyer, cant throw as hard but still gets outs Via
Before twitter, celebrities used to sit dead for months and months completely unnoticed.
Adele's voice gives me goosebumps
thanks for the recommendation! Having dinner at 5 Napkin Burger on Lincoln Rd with
ready to do work son whatup?
Being listed totaly rules. i mean if i belong in it and all that junk. high five!
Join a Recession Proof Company!! Work from home and make extra cash!
Remember when Google+ was awesome and totally going to replace Facebook? Ya, I'll stick with Dropbox for now.
Last night I felt like I was in a production of Waiting For Godot with a soft rock soundtrack
all night? that's a 30 minute gig! and that's at 4! :P
LOL! I think I know the subject... Maybe... maybe not! There are DMs
#goodhostess #goodsport. Now the The Bachelor is over, what is the next train wreck to watch? I can't find any...
Looking for something to read in Central Park? Check out thousands of titles at The !
We're alright I guess haha. I haven't got any photos with Uncle Ted, not really allowed cameras backstage
ANDRES. ANDRES DON'T YELL AT ME. YOU'LL DAMAGE YOUR BLACK LUNG EVEN FURTHER.
Just found out the boy I'm following on here has a girlfriend. :-(
Finally over you, phone buzzes, great here we go again<3
Finally got to see #TheAvengers! Such a good movie!! Well worth the wait! Chris Evans and Robert Downy Jr. are pretty bad ass!
- it sure is! Delaine! Great to hear from you. email me at mike dot webb at propublica dot org
I'm so tired from last night just laying in bed reading and tweeting and hopefully napping soon.
***Oh Noes!*** My raffles won't load... is it me, or are you having a little hiccup?
Whichever makes me popular…
only tickets left are for season ticket holder for 2013
Stop lying about me...and i'll stop telling the truth about u.
Can't wait to see Moore, Gordon and the gang under the arch tonight!
cafe press is pretty decent.
haha thanks bud(: I love you too.
Sully scoring = Tom Hanks figuring out how to make fire in "Castaway"
and Chris Bosh lol
JR Carnival (kiddies carnival) will b held @ Broward Regional Park on Oct 2nd...it's a FREE event! Bring out the family & support the kids!
Yay! Keep us in the loop and holler if we can be of assistance. Pa'lante como elefante!
I have had a great time teaching social media classes this week as part of Tech Week at the Library. This afternoon: Hilliard branch!
it would nevel
In the evening news why do they say good evening when there is nothing good in the news.
You sound JUST like the people who bash and hate on TNA just because of their insecurities. Instead you SHOULD BE FOCUSING ON TNA
Have a great time in London!
hey, we met at #RCC a while back, sorry it's taken me so long to connect
Thanks for sharing this article. Very informative. :)
I feel like the artist we have in milwaukee now can get us some labels to come take a look. But we need to go hard abd not be a miltown star
Thanks to you too! Glad to hear you liked the class. See you tomorrow (good luck in the AM!)
Today's youth are digital natives and marketing natives
Please let it snow lots tonight and tomorrow!! I want my very first snow day!! And to make a snowman!!
what about Barry Levinson's And Justice for All...Pachino a bit over the top, but featured a great turn from Jeffrey Tambor
I feel like a lost cause
just cuz the majority think its cool.. doesnt mean it IS cool.. Fuk the popular belief
“: Wait...were u on msnbc or channel 4 back home? ” he was on THE ;)
Just checked into studios #daydreamsandnightmares June 2012
You are among friends. Everyone- always- everywhere. Life is good!
sorry kenflo clearly won edgar deserves immediate rematch 4sure it would be an injustice if he doesn't get it!
#Bison fans sound loud!!!
lol no seriously..what college did u end up goin to
With the end of the Iraq War flying Michelle Obama and her entourage to one exotic vacation after another is the military's largest task.
I am so happy for you guys . . . young black men . . luh dat!
It is almost time for #CMLbookchat!
Pretty&CHOCOLATE!
#sunburnt in #march <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+263A>
No early bird this time around, just 12-8 PM. Also figuring out shows for June & October. #EarlyBird will be back eventually!
Screw this work thing...... Lets just play music
Oh cool. I've heard good things about Moonshine.
it's exactly what happening
Thanks for the RT! It should be an interesting event.
Worrying is like a rocking chair, it gives you something to do, but doesnt get you anywhere!
“: So N. Korea was less crazy With Kim Jung Il?” scary thought isn't it?
So pumped for kings island in a week.
Miss you too. They keep taking my phone away.
Survival of the fittest. Let's go Brewers
Retweet if you believe in God!<U+E41D> Keep scrolling if you don't!<U+E232><U+E233> (Remember he's watching)<U+E41D>
the fast brown fox hopped under the lazy dog.
I hate it when u refuse to go on a truck stop date
I CANNOT BELIEVE THAT JUST HAPPEND AH! HAHAHAHA
I think your a great actor. Maybe we will get to work together one day. :) please follow back!
Man if only Watson dribbled the ball out to kill clock and get fouled with maybe 3 seconds left dang smh
Some people have bad hair days, I have bad Zumba days every now and then. Today was one of those days!
: im glad u didn't haha even though i got a few sips of ur southern comfort
nope not that guy... was like 3 years ago... can't place his name short stocky guy with a beard
loves the text I just sent her && she knows it. ((;
You understand. :)
can't have the Knicks/ Jeremy Lin ... That was a rough game, they won today tho!! :-)
Are you over 40 and noticing your face is not as fresh as it was in your 30's? We can help w/ our signature "Belladerma Mini Lift."
Congrats to you both! Yay I get to see you then too! RT : Congrats to co-winner ! :) cc:
haha jess and I are gonna go on jerry springer!
I'm sad :( I no longer have a PC to make music on :( & not sure when I'll have the $ to get a new one. This blows.
Back on the left coast for a few days in #PDX! It's nice to be home, but I'm headed back to #NYC on Monday.
I b back I'm bout to take this shower real fast
Not bad logic :-)
6 LIKES AWAY AND YOU ALL GET THE NEW SONG!! LET'S DO THIS!!
You just made my weekend! There's a Jackson Brodie tv series?! I may be clueless but I have plugged-in friends.
There seems to be some kinda spambot being spread through direct messages, so watch the links you open...
thanks for the good juju! ;-)
More and more often lately I find that cartridges aren't charged with nearly the usual amount of juice. Not happy about it.
Feeling sick :(
Ppl always tryna tell me wut I need to do I guess cuz I'm not living my life to their expectations
Just wanna get this quiz over with so I can go home
thank you !!
oh yeah I gotta get you some episodes of Eastbound and Down, watched like 4 new ones last night, funny shit!!!!
Yeah, doing #pdxtraffic is a change for me too. Having a good time. I'll be back in the weather center tomorrow morning!
Unacceptable for an actor on a tv show to deliver lines with their mouth full of food. First and last time I'll ever watch Happy Endings
cant wait either =)
Librarians should get a pad and a plug and get away from the reference desk.
is it safe to call him Broadway Tebow?
When and AJ was on I never missed a show. Those were the days. #ImissThem I love Rocsi and Terrence but
I still don't understand how/why Twitter will unfollow folks I choose to follow and suggest folks I'm not at all inclined to think about.
We've been trying to get in a commercial but his hair is in high demand these days!
sounds good
On the road again!
Cass! Or John. Either are acceptable.
Like the universe, Bryzgalov has been humongous big in the net tonight.
Thanks for posting! I'm just getting started on Pinterest and appreciate whatever help I can get.
Those are the three things the ego is doing all the time. It's very important to be aware of them every time they come up.
Looking forward to your commentary!
As soldiers of Christ "No soldier gets entangled in civilian pursuits, since his aim is to please the one who enlisted him" 2 Timothy 2:3-4
Perfectly put.
i don't know what I'd do if you left me, so please don't go away.
no it's just teresa
don't ever dare to talk with me!
Great. I'll send you details of the conference.
someone tell him there's only a script for weather when there's a guest
your only as small, as the world will make you seem.
will do. Thanks!
I was happy at first, then looked at the calendar to see it's 2012, not 2006.
TIME 2 GET OFF MY FEET & SIT ON MY AZZ!
We are so close to the flower district. Surprise your sweetie w/ a bouquet, a bagel & a latte! Stop by the font desk and grab a city map.
wow in 140 characters? ;-) “: well hello! future of women's soccer in the US #wpschat”
I'll take that WARNING risk!
Sorry to hear you had a rough morning! Hope your day got better!
Thank you. Consider The Orphan Master's Son, A. Johnson; Touch, Alexi Zentner; Civilized World, Susi Wyss.
Girls golf: Wilsonville moves back into tie for 1st in NWOC after scoring 193 yesterday to win match at Quail Valley. Liberty 2nd (179).
It's opening day. We bought one of everything! On second though, might want to wait until the madness dies down...
Daydreaming about my summer routine...I'm over it...2011-12 school year
I just found this account. I've liked you on #facebook for a while though!!!
As long as your chest is pounding, you can rest assured that you're still alive!
im gonna cut myself a big piece of cake because I deserve it
Crash on WB 94 near Puetz rd. will close the interstate until 7AM says 3 semis, two cars; one truck driver hurt.
: Mathematical Mischief is a newly published book that encourages 4th graders to write about math. www.mathmischief.com
books books books
These are not even iMessages, just every new IM message triggers Messages to open on the other machine.
Saw Queens of the Stone Age last night Amazing show. But had a hard realization that I am, in fact, too short for man concerts.
Thank you, so was yours!!! Super-excited to connect w/ you at #SYS! So much awesomeness will be in that building :)
Dreamweaver keeps crashing, so taking it back #oldschool with Notepad.
I swear thats the only bitch that understands me
how can you drive traffic to your #Facebook page with real-world #marketing tactics?
Thanks for sharing, hope your food was delish!
She sends her love.
In class with Krystal!
Absolutely - it boggles my mind that potentially superfluous credit card debt can be wiped out but student loans can't be
good idea to check with first about Accessibility Camp DC (Canadian Thanksgiving weekend). Have extra bed at house.
Thugs, whores, and Josh Hutcherson. Lmfao just kidding nothing much talk to
Thanks for the follow! Friend me on Facebook too!
Why is it that the end of the day is when all the work comes.
I was just thinking about that today. I went to buy some and a pack of like 100 was like $4...
heya Pete! Thanks for following. :)
Thank you and Welcome to all our new followers.Come on out to Elmington Park on West End 2day and get some good ol country cookin
Super Tuesday!
Will twitter and facebook quit changing?
#Rememberwhen Austin skyped his fans for free, when it didn't take spam for him to notice you, and remember when he would dm us regularly.
. has taken over #ClosetSundays! Packed out house! Best gay party on the strip
ah yeah!!! And let's not forget mister high five station!
so glad you they tasted #delicious! :)
Very excited to feature our NEWLY RENOVATED apartments! Stay tuned for more details!
The request that Derrick Fisher make more than 20% of his shots.
Its been far too long - let's reconnect over coffee or lunch - how's your schedule next week?
what a dope crew u have (prof pic) lol
Fab day even though it's cloudy and raining.
Tired and sore. Goodnight
FOLLOW THEM THEY ARE PART OF THE MOVEMENT WE FOLLOW BACK
Slowest people EVER
It was a hearing. I don't believe there was a vote
If you follow us, please follow them
Uncomplicated Woman: #4 She processes past her emotions into her #PURPOSE!
Haha. Maybe sometime I will tell you.. just not on twitter!
- There is a Joss thing about names and naming one's self.
What has Jason Garrett done to show he's the right guy. 49ers Harbaugh has done more with less.
#uxweek begins. I'm surrounded by nerds like me
Some times i wish i was a full time student & didn't have to worry about bills
better....going to jump into the shower and get ready for work....you should be heading to bed soon....talk to ya later...
Great "Run For Their Lives" walk/run!The generousity of spirit, and the healing power of our community, Lach's Legacy is fighting SIDS in SD
Resources are things that work for you. Resourcefulness, is about YOU making things happen.
“: Did y'all see my girl on Law and Order?!!!! Awesome huh?!!!” You should be so proud of her. Now go have a drink or two or...
taking ideas for this year's peep dioroama. entries due friday. mustaches and marshmallows reenacting the pedal keg ride?
Wait, What??? RT 3 hours til & it will be just like old times #isthereashowtonite?
PLease follow! It would mean the world to me!!
Suddenly, my early to bed Wednesday, late night Thursday #relayforlife routine seems like a terrible idea in light of a 2-fer this weekend.
You take away the pain, and I thank you for that. If I ever get the chance, 'bet I’m paying you back. I’ll be waiting for that…
"I'm getting paid to dance!" - A coworker, on his last day of work.
If God wanted us to fly, He would have given us tickets
Josh Johnson should forget Sf and Wash, dial up Denver. I bet they'll pay well for the right backup. And you could be "the future"
I can conquer the world with one hand, as long as you're holding the other.
Thanks for #FF!
Just made reservations for next Friday to try the menu and cocktails - SO excited!
I don't like (nor understand) the trend of blogs / news sites changing their text color to gray instead of black. It's not easy on the eyes.
Still basking in gig afterglow. Next up, and My new year's resolution is coming along swimmingly.
Just had legitimate celebrity sighting in NYC airport. Now feeling slightly paranoid as everyone I see looks like they *might* be famous.
*Yawn* Im tired tonight so im gonna head offline. Goodnight all! :)
Reaching into my full pocket, I found emptiness.
Feelin like its time for a lil' nap
porn today - since I shouldn't really be leaving the house right now! I sometimes forget how "bad" some porn can be! Lol - but at
Baruch offers students endless opportunities to succeed like interning abroad. Attend the Int'l Internship Extravaganza today to learn more!
ha ha ha ha ha ...very astute observation...CHEERS TO THAT!
I love your undies I own some exactly the same lol
Nothing inspires confidence like a white smile! Got a Valentine in mind?? Get a whiter smiler just in time! www.kravitzdental.com
Check out my cover of Adele's hit song "Someone like you"
Birthday shout out to my one and only Harry Noots!!
Lol. I don't see any reason for you not to do it. YOLO.
I look forward to a detailed blog post.
Its Music Biz 4.0. All of an artist's creative assets (music, lyrics, videos, feedback,downloads) can be held in one online destination. .
word! #winning RT OK I caved to your #PeerPressure and also bought America The Beautiful from !
So none of the 3 Mega Millions winners have stepped forward yet?? How much of a slacker do u have to be to put off $100 million?? Slackers.
Will you be making a trip back to the Midwest at any point? Hopefully I'll have a chance to get out to NACMA another year.
procrastinate now. don't put it off.
I cannot be the only single lady on Twitter who perked up at that long list of qualities.
just getting started on using tweetdeck
ooh me to, just wait till exams. :o
looking forward to tonight's #OUTauction -- great art and a great crowd!
SUHWEET. Awesome to know for after APUSH exam when we want to do movie analysis but don't want them yelling out.
I'm HIGHLY irritated that there is no #parking around There is 3 weeks left of school-the construction really couldn't have waited??
this was supposed to be about me...
Making a Difference! ArtWorks! Gwinnett Awards Volunteer of Year nominees are Charlie Rhiem
follow me? i LOVE OTH :)
Slogging through my Works Cited pages--and enjoying it. That's weird, I guess?
thanks, girl!
She got a four thousand dollar watch that she doesn't even watch.
June O'Donal speaks about her book "The Fryeburg Chronicles" at the Friday Local Author Series today at noon in meeting room
Ok the bottom of the fourth didn't work out for the Crew.
J-Shin VS JHustle New MixTape Drops March 14...... Titled (Alter Ego). Make Sure You DownLoad That....
welcome. Trust me off the record I've been trying so hard for many but just bad timing it seems.
Wishing on those fireflies.
I can't wait to get back to Institute, although it won't be until next Wednesday since I have my interview with my Bishop Wednesday night :)
I will talk to the right people lets see what we can do
let's not forget older adults choosing to live in cities
happy birthday ily ( ;
Sadie and I are heading to for their birthday month party. Sadie will be 2 on the 20th!
Thanks for following Justin.
shut up
I miss Austin's braces already lol
I'm waiting lol
For me personally, Having at #Edcampss was a highlight. Fantastic experience! Thank you.
I'm hungry..
when? I didn't think I had to work today, but now I do! I work from 2:45-5:30
People ask weird private stuff on google looking for answers. Write articles that answer those questions about your service.
#PlansForTheSummer Take over the world!
My temptation may not be your temptation but you do have a temptation. Humble your soul/turn over the plate.
That awkward moment when someone is staring at someone with crazy eyes &you tell them 'stop staring'!Then you realize its their natural eyes
Michelle Obama vacations in Spain and cost the tax payers thousands of dollars. This is like Nero playing his fiddle while Rome is burning.
avengers, knicks are about to get finished off
Don't scare me girl - it's Tuesday here in the States. I hope you have an awesome day wherever you are. Be blessed, be proud
Looking for a legal job. Do you think maritime law is a good niche to go into because of piracy? I can say "Arrrgh" well-:)
Margaritas on the beach in 3 days.
Thasss the kinda dude I been looking for - and yea you get slapped if you lookin HOE!
A girl just performed her poetry and everyone clapped....did they not realize every word she spoke was an insult to America.
Girl you got gas money so I can drive you home.....
TMobile should hit the million mark before the weekend is over!
I need a #polaroid instant camera to borrow. Anyone I know, got any ideas? Need by the weekend. And film please?!
If the right one is always wrong then it might be you
I am a leaf on the wind, I am a leaf on the wind, I am a leaf on the wind...
Moving sucks
The #newWorldTradeCenter is already the tallest bldg in lower Manhattan. Keep it going!
yea for sure im always looking for writers/singers, im in chicago but location doesnt matter really.
#songsiwillnevergettiredof - I Wanna Be Loved
well share the love (;
I'm holding on, but I'm over it.
A #FrankSinatra kind of morning. It is a
your happiness and vibe is part of why I love your band so much. Can't believe I have been listening for over 15 yrs since 5th grd
dm Can you tell me who the national correspondent at Gannett would be for Education. I'm a former colleague of Andrew Oppmann.
Got home yesterday, we'll have to swap stories! Certainly came out of the trip with some beer and booze suggestions...
I may have a Happy Meal when absolutely necessary...but no Big Macs
You must trade mark you tattoo
you would think that LeBitch paid his fans to talk shit after Lakers games...cus it never fails...win or loss.
Why does Republican Congresswoman Mean Jean Schmidt from Ohio always try to get face time with the Prez/
I can't wait for prom with !!
WORKING ON NEW MUSIC .
if you like a girl , then dont flirt with other girls .
tell my liver that
Tonight, my WNC J101 students are presenting their final projects style. Well almost: no booze.
Students, alumni, state legislators press Vanderbilt on &#39;all-comers&#39; policy
u never anwser my texts....and ur like never free haha
yup. He's fine & he has lost a lot of weight & gained some muscles! >:)
First week of 2012 is over. How did you do with your resolutions?
OMG I H*T MY COMPUTER RIGHT NOW
goodmernin! *in my granny's voice*
Awesome. Consider yourself penciled.
Funny. We just watched that movie Monday night. And, yeah, I love that too. Aunt Josephine is one of my favorite characters.
I think some have never had a major reaction so they aren't careful....
We're big rye fans over here. Look forward to giving that a try.
dfrguvbkl me too! My mom only let me get it cuz i agreeded to go to prom cuz i really dont wanna, it's really expensive!
my nigga out there tryna practice on his 2K moves
Thank you, it was so great to have you at NYC. You were sitting near the front & wonderful to watch your reactions.
call the store before you drive up to confirm they still have the burgers. 248.538.4600
FYI only: sending my guest blog post by tomorrow :) Will email it to you for review + consideration
shockingly, shelling all those peas turned out to be super not fun
SHUT UP!! You're beautiful.. You are, you are!! Believe me. <3
Well my hands are a wreck, and I'm never paying money for this bullcrap again. So superfluous.
It's spread inside! Hoping to get a pic up ASAP. Stay tuned!
Stupid ass Mf
very good news!
karaoke yourself
A great website needs (3) elements- great design, user interface and content. Some people just miss the mark on this.
Early morning baseball ^__^
um actually I work a double on Saturday and a double on Sunday so you hush!
that's really gross...
Developing a multimedia network is hard work. But oh, am I going to turn cartwheels when we launch!
Good keep me posted little bunny
your NOT dying.. you can't be.. I haven't gotten to meet you yet! You are forbidden to die until AFTER we've gotten to meet!
lights music >>
i'm glad some of the followers i had from the very beginning are still with me today! <3 thanks!
What a fun time at yesterday! Was great to rep & with such amazing youth & staff
We are at over 100 follows at 96 Facebook likes! Thanks, everyone!
Why do people wear plastic flip flops ?
Special thanks to #annesetnor for being awesome and and #shannonkiisk for moral and emotional support! Ha!
Think ill go see a concert tonight at the emerson with zach dave and maybe some of my buds from decibel!
I love online video for marketing and I'm okay with auto play but if you don't let me stop it when I want, I'm gone.
if it is I'm a 100% prego haha
Let your tax return turn you into a homeowner
!!! RT : "Go For it now, the future is promised to no one." -Wayne Dyer
in the one after
Family time is the best. Enjoy!
Had a blast shooting the Infomercial for the CHEF BASKET "Its the one kitchen item I can honestly say I use every single day. I love it!"
Mirror Mirror, Snow White & The Huntsman & Once Upon a Time...how many versions of Snow White do we need right now?
"This very day can be the first day of your new life. It's all your choice." -Robin Sharma
We r all born w/ gifts! Why not share them w/ the world!
Hold a recruiting planning meeting with the recruiter, the HR leader, the hiring manager, and, potentially, a coworker or internal customer
They may be closing schools across America but at least they are opening more casinos.. What are the odds?
obama boston
Our generation is fcked up Smh :(
<I am now. I'll send you the CD if you want. check her out on Youtube. Just PM me an addy
Fill in the blank: My favorite ACTOR is _________________ .
I'm posting some at the HS on Friday. I know you'll guess one for sure!
Adam: "What do you think Ohn da moo means?" Damien: "Uh, on the moon?" Lmfao
Got some great shots from #summerfest fireworks...got a surprise visit from too! Good times.
“: God can we please get rid of Deandre already?! #idol” NO not yet
are you around next year? I could use a language partner
you are so funny, was checking out the other one too, where you said, "haters are your motivators!".....i love it!!!!!
Super excited to give my dad tickets to see in January!
Congrats ! Looking forward to it! RT Amazon's "Learning SPARQL" page is now up and ready for pre-orders amzn.to/lEXtGo
Although I hate being sick, I'm glad that it happened after guard was over!
its going good can't wait to graduate and hows things with you ?
Guess how many points are in a quick mist on a single serving salad? Zero. Zilch. Nada. None.
CyberStationUSA.com give me some details about yourself
“: I tell it like it is if you don't like it I'm sorry ...”
no way, but more inspiring.
Oh baby , why'd you have to be with your mom at the mall ?
RT : New line-up for Belltown Restaurant Tour is set to feature Local 360,Rob Roy,Shiro's,Branzino & Spur.
Rolling w an Irish Saturday...“Bangers and Mash” Omelet- Irish Style Sausage, Cheddar, Mashed Potatoes, Caramelized Onion and Jameson Cheese
t(-.-t) Mayweather... Cotto still fought good!
It's weird, on IG it seems like everybody feels obligated to like one of your pics if you like one there's, lol I do feel it sometimes
blast! Damned borderline lactose intolerance
#Jets-#Chargers...looking forward to the post-game handshake. Go Bolts!
think the soup was my favorite!
I miss seeing you everyday... HateLies<3Trust
It feels like spring in Indiana! You would never know it's the middle of November!
u on ps3 add me limmit52 I'm on it joint on my lips controller in my hand
Why does everyone always want to be followed?
The kind of day when your worst class is the best of the day. Woof.
Radio(hed) pe
Tell us one cool thing you're doing for National Library Week!
Hold your head high , your middle finger higher , & let him know what he's missing .
I'm 90% sure I'm fixing to #RAGEQUIT everything
watch it woman
hello everyone, i am very bored :)
maybe my mood, took a long time getting anywhere and I enjoy fantasy - try SERAPHINA instead
hey dave whats up you know me
just opened Twitter!!!!!!
Super Sad True Habits of Highly Effective Writers... loved it!
Looking at Adjudica, we should have had you there at Next time?
Cant believe im sick..left wk yest and went to the hospital...
They've had the better chances, but I don't know who makes me more nervous: Evans or De Gea.
+1": Maybe I'm misjudging this thing?!!! (pause for thought..) ...Nnnaaaaaahhhhhh! Nope. Non. Still not panicking!! ;)~ #DCIrene"
no problem !(:
I tried to follow can't
Adele's boyfriend looks like Chris Farley with glasses.
I'm so sick of fights, I hate this.
Watching #basketballwives and is a boss! I love her and !
Jiro an absolute treat. Best doc so far. Left a smile on face, in my heart.
Rooting for #I'llHaveAnother... RT your picks!
Right hip is in so much pain, hoping to get it checked out soon. Seriously tired of walking with a limp.
We don't cut cookies, we give you a personalized, professional haircut at affordable price! Win-win
my dumbass went all the way to work thinking i had to be to work at 9 this morning
Tim Thomas ridiculous Save.
This account enjoys the following #Wordsmiths | *
T3: should be continuous professional development rather than CME. How's that for edu-speak?
Stop giving your $$ to oil companies. Stop buying plastic.
Well...duh, William. I don't know what that is. Describe it to me...in detail. Don't leave anything out.
5 more days of this
doesn't do tail call optimization, does it?
anyone know where to play tennis is #NYC that doesn't require a permit?
Dear lady who watched me push the elevator button and pushed it again 4 seconds later, I got this. Love, Tim
still ballin like im bo diddley
lol is that right?
Well. Terrible start.
Meeting up with a veteran/avid cyclist near Wilmington. Gotta get some tips on business and bicycles. Away we goo!!
Mercury Retrograde - GREAT 4 rewriting, cleaning out closets, hearing from old friends, throwing out old STUFF; ideas, habits, relationships
What time Phil?
Sunburn. Ouch.
Quote of the day: Show me a guy who's afraid to look bad, and I'll show you a guy you can beat every time, Lou Brock
Yeah, I realized my mistake from your original tweet & was just having some fun quoting Beavis if you didn't catch it. :)
haha you're still a kid bro :)
Gotta love for the
i've voted so many times for already, that it keeps giving me the same security code. :D
Had a very nice quiet night in. Looking forward to brunch & #SanDiegoZoo today! Can't wait to see the
Hi Dave
lol I had a proud moment
Go with Nexus beer instead!
soo good to see you!!! Sorry if I was aggressive or needy!
Omg what a freaking game....going crazy
Pay Day Friday.
let's make a webseries together about both of us and our first names called D&D. (See what I did there?! Dungeons ref!!)
What's going down tonight?
I'm sorry what language are you speaking? Sounds like bullshit.
At the Pasadena Courthouse representing the BCS streaker.
#LAKERS going back to the championship
Special Education Apps. highlighted in Apple's iTunes store this week.
This is not the time to be asleep. Get up and speak the word over the home and family. Pray for the leaders and schools..
Ugh! Something told me to stay HOME today
start trumpeting that horn up to some of your national 'coworkers' lol
It matters not; The game was over when #Toronto scored 4.
Thanks for sharing our blog posts!
how are you :)
Claire and that squirrel baby be crazy Yo!
What makes me mad is that people have bitched for years for CoD to be different, and when they finally change it, people bitch...
Mets dump KRod. Let's sign Prince Fielder! Move Ike to the outfield after Beltran bolts for San Fran.
Yes, the rest of the season doesn't matter.
I am! So much energy nothing to do! Wtf???
God's sense of humor is an impotent male virgin whose girlfriend is five month pregnant.
At the UMD American Politics workshop
All you need to know is GB chillage on SATURDAY :) springtime fun with friends.....of either gender LMAO
whatt. hahah yeah he's my 6th boyfriend :p the other 5 is in OneDirection <U+2665>
Heyy Big head ! How your day going
is everything ok man?
Friday Humor: "A bird in hand is safer than one overhead."-Author Unknown
wanna get DP'd while we have our slap fest?
great weather in South Texas today
Overall it was a good day <3
Heading to #altsummit tomorrow, will be tweeting mostly from if you want to follow, but maybe here too. Anyone else going?
i also like to pretend im married to a guy named Niall.
*hughughug* I love you so so so very much, my sweet girl.
Talk about your good ideas! These guys are too smart !
Anyone still there?
my buddy just introduced me to them this week. i couldnt believe i never heard of them before!!
“: #YouWasCuteUntil u turned out like every other guy” I'm not tho lol but seriously...
let's drive around Santa Monica and force him to record new music
H-A-T-E hate this halftime show.
": whats ur fan page?" Oh, by fanpage I meant this twitter account x) sorry for the confusion:P
Hopefully I don't have friends who won't be friends with you if you show up for a movie in workout clothes covered in flour ()
Who got tickets to see the premiere of my new music video today at the El Capitan Theater in Hollywood? Comment if you're going!
Getting an old school shave and a haircut at Vicks Place. Just not two bits anymore
you have the most wonderful singing voice ever u sound just like jb sike!
the screen, for sure
Strive to be better*
so immaterial at my aunts house abduction omfg princess is huge she's so buff lol
that wiz beat pretty hot fam
Thank you! We try!
chinese is not a gender. its a race
don't even get me started on that one
“: Would love to see Wieters make this 10-4 so I can relax.” umm ok!
nice one
RT" When your just texting someone then they just dont reply..." Kinda gets you like this> ThingsThatPissMeOff
The think like a man movie fuckin up my pussy. She talkin about I gotta wait 90 days
Child please. He was in no way in shooting position.
So true. Happy early birthday!
JJ would be perfect. Love it. Love her!
Public Charter School legislation to allow for innovation and options in public edu!
lol, true though..
I wish someone had told me sooner.
Did you know that Jack Johnson was the first African-American world heavyweight boxing champion, in 1908?
Letting my nigga Slick whip
RT : You're amazing! So glad you could participate in conference, Diane, & excited to hear what results at Wildf ...
Join a trendy new Aquascape forum at www.tankscapers.com
I really hope that wasn't about me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Just realized I am moving in one week. Think I should spend the day being overwhelmed on couch instead of in cube.
Why is Noah keep switching on lebron
All my #Kubuntu systems lose the printer dialog, and I cannot fix it. Time to switch back to regular #Ubuntu!
sorry for the questions i just saw u live in chicago i do to just wondering if we have played against eachother.
what's Boudin?
already followed =)
Integration is not just the opposite of segregation. Integrated thinking is far too rare right now. We are trapped in aimlessness of variety
Thank you :)
haha there's no point in wearing underwear under a long dress lol
If was real, everyone in SF would be moving away from dozens getting murdered daily.
Going to #californiaTortilla after the gym might be the reason the gym isn't working.
Remember that save by Fleury at about the 19:00 minute mark of the second if the #Pens should come back & win this game.
Mike Napoli should be starting consistently 50/50 with Yorvit. That man can swing the bat.
Heard on the radio today for the first time,with <3
Um, I believe it will...
Getting lost in Indy with my brother and
I know. But remember that you're strong.
thoughts on Cassel and Kolb bringing hesitation to teams wanting Flynn?
I think i had an AWESOME day because i had a dream about last night<3
Diana Greene remembers her life by what she wore on certain days. Come see her performance "A Dozen Dresses," Thurs, Feb. 9, 7 pm FREE
I am on tilt already, I was thinking ahead of time, just fast fwd his K's!!! lol
Irish Reynolds give us a new video | Learn Football Freestyle
Once when I was a little kid I asked my mom for Scooby Snacks and she gave me mini shrimp...
i think looks gorgeous on regis and kelly. lovin the hat and make up =]
My step-son's mom told him that we were brain washing him because we talk about God & pray. :-( Hope he sees the light.
God's morning tweeps! ROLL CALL!
Thank You! RT : I love ! I hope you are following & subscribed to their eNewsletter!
Nerdy conference is super nerdy. Just walked past a guy working on UNIX on his iPad. I didn't even know you could do that!
No fat chicks.
YOU TUBE THAT SONG..ITS HELLA SICK I HEARD
#idRatherHave one true friend than 100 fake ones
Belay that order! Make that 2030EDT! Or maybe we should just say 8:30PM. Military time is confusing.
Get Ready for all things #Vizsla in #Denver this week! Vizsla Nationals at See you there :)
Sorry! Happy almost graduation, by the way!
We're open until 11:00 am. ...This Thanksgiving morning. Come 'on over!
Black Velvet... Guinness and champagne. New favorite
Got back to NY from Baltimore yesterday. It was worth the trip to see #LacunaCoil headline!
Thank you!
lol it's cause I'm ugly
Great Holiday Gift! www.diversityplatinum.com
Good morning.....I wanna go home....
you mad bro?(;
RT : Thanks for the coupon code. Just another example of great customer service // No Problem!!
haha aw. Congrats!!!!
Awww I'm so sad. Davy Jones died! He was only 67. I think that even that age is too young to die. #RIPDavyJones we'll miss you!
Ricky Williams is trending because of his #DLHQ interview. Cool to see the show growing
Thanks. Know the area well. Will be there visiting our children for the holidays. Hope to go!
RT : Q2) How does your national culture influence your own beliefs about learning?
oh I never knew
Wether you want to Buy, Sell or Rent REAL ESTATE in Miami Please give me a call or if you have general questions please inbox me.
Gig's over, and I'm sore from hauling gear, but it's gorgeous out. Time to find my second wind!
Windows 7. Moot point. :)
It's a beautiful day today in the D! Let's start it off right on the Magic Stick rooftop before
let's go C's!!! Gotta do work on these sixers!!! #Celtics #RoadToTheFinals ....
#saturdaylibrarian-ing bright and early! Just like a normal day, only weird.
#TVD this thursday. Can't believe they're back again...grr I am so so so excited! Who's excited? :)
This place has a very interesting menu. Thanks for sharing - will have to check it out.
Sources report Miami will select Tannehill
This is absolutely insane. I still stick with we need 1 or 2 nhl D Men.
Warren Hoge asks Stefan Wallin if other countries applied to be trained in #peacekeeping by Finland?
lol - I'll take three cupcakes.
not alot but im up gon be up here more and more promoting!
you gotta check the chair out in person- its so cool!
This interactive prototyping tool looks like a work-life game-changer: ! /Thank you !
Whichever one is easiest and scales to Freebase data (25M+ nodes 500M+ edges)
SHOUT OUT FOR ANYONE WHO FOLLOWS !!!!!!!
Bummer that I missed #DWTS tonight... I really wanted to see Driver dancing! <U+2665><U+2665>
MY FUTURE IS 10 TIMES GREATER THAN MY PAST
I say that because I would freeze, drop, and sob when confronted with such a demand!
You charged me TWICE for my coat--and you said order did not even go through!!
Wonderful; would love to see!
Still installing
why are we living the same shit right now? I love you.
Yes sir, building #Joomla #MobileWebsites for all phone and tablet devices.
I FOLLOWED
But I'm rooting for all the way. I can't even begin to explain what that cup win in '94 meant to my dad. Go Rangers!
Love reading your blog!
Wake up with us and hang out ALL morning long, on the ! Happy Tuesday!
Well, the same way they pushed folks out of the Madison protests they are gonna use on Wall St. Apparently it's cleaning time. Whatta crock.
So. Many. Things.
Bitchy substitute teachers<<<
What does it take to get a possible post on your site?
Getting another #listing on the market this weekend! #arlington #realestate #openhouse Sunday 1-4pm.
At the Carlsbad Village Faire today. Beautiful day and tons of people. Leaving now with a bag of collected trinkets and brochures.
I've had it for awhile. Auntie brought it down from the islands for me!
I know it's late but I'm still undecided as to which costume to wear this yr. Hm?
to 11:11 and now to #SAYSOMETHIN !You have improved so much,I'm so proud of you!<3 I love you ; your song is perfection! <3 6
just look on the brightside your roughly 6 feet tall
I like to bridge the online/onsite gap with an interactive, tweeted exhibit tour.
It seriously feels like Saturday... -_-
Do you guys have a facebook page? I couldn't find it :(
Is your business still offline? You'd better Catch Up or else you're business is ghost.
And all my momma followers
. Still no response? Why don't you just refund my damn money & I'll book the flight thru You clearly don't want my $.
music will never die
That's what being Funemployed is all about. That, and television.
Super powers activated! Good book news for all!
#pcpgh6 myths session good info regarding not worrying about numbers. Interested in asking how do I convince advertisers of that
Are you celebrating Foursquare Day today? (4/16?) What do you think of this checkin app?
well ill let you guess why not.
I hate when I'm eating cereal and the last 3-5 pieces are like "Catch me if you can!"
Cool. Will definitely be by this weekend. Love summer afternoons at Rocklands.
It some talented brothers in this City and its bout to be on we gotta stay focused
School is optional, right?
Stop being a jag off and text me.
Met Dr. Auma Obama at a reception in my honor while in Boston. She is the sister of President Obama and may be seen tonight on
Huh, I don't get how #Klout can call me a "specialist" when I'll about anything from Lady Gaga to Stevia.(#Booksbooksbookswritingpublishing)
Congrats to :-) Won without a coach. That's impressive
practice generative listening - discovering what we know, sharing, and opening to possibilities - to be vulnerable a bit
I'll happily take a dose of ePDA when the IRL you isn't available <3 And the bloggers can blog on as they please
I'll let you know when I open the box. The only bad RR experience I've had was some Elder purchased by friend locally. Was aweful
Goodmorning I hope everyone has a great day, tomorrow is friday guys!
The brain does the thinking, but the heart knows more about love than the mind can ever comprehend.
chilling at the cribb
Wont go home without you - Maroon 5 >
When keeping it real goes wrong via Listen to your audience! There are challenges involved with change.
What are the best things to do in
When you are successful your well wishers know who you are BUT when you are unsuccessful you know who your well wishers are.
I'm looking forward to the watching the #LAKESHOW tonight!
CONGRATS. I cant' wait to read it (and hopefully you'll autograph it). I wish you continued success!!!!
bring me a souvenir!
Yay! MT Join us in congratulating , who graduates from Rutgers Camden, er "Rowan" law school this afternoon!
THUNDER AND LIGHTENING!!!!!<U+26A1><U+2614>
Seeing " magic johnson" as a trend and thinking it has to do with
Bitch nigkas have bitch tendencies, enough said.
Poland is in 5 days. Holy smokes. What am I doing?
I once read that printer ink as a liquid was more expensive than rocket fuel
Sister's shoulder stabing my ribs . O_O
I thought the color was off on my TV. Man that thing is loud... but I would totally wear it
#amwriting #rwa RT : So has anyone ever written a choose-your-own-adventure-style romance novel?
“Trust starts with truth and ends with truth.”
Duck duck nigga lmao Kevin hart
oh hai. I'll be changing it soon don't worry
Gonna miss y'all so much next year!
That's the only thing I want right now....
.... I hope so. I'd love to meet them before my birthday this year...
Sometimes nothing makes me happier than a meal consisting of only deep fried foods. It's the closest thing I've ever felt to true love.
Harry Potter vs. Twilight / Justin Bieber vs. Jonas Brothers / One Direction vs. The Wanted / ICONic Boyz vs. IaMmE.
CURVES ROCK!
Are you in Buffalo? Stop by our booth to learn about membership and check out our silent auction!
I'll call him & be like all manly & say : yooooo date bri okay bye lol
That tweet was sent seconds before I saw you outside the building.
nobody asked me? How do they get these numbers???
We all have a Shakira inside!!!! #SHEWOLF :P
I'm everyones good luck charm :p haha jk.
On a packed flight surrounded by people with raging colds <sigh>
Flag House staff will be participating in 's pledge drive tonight! Be sure to tune in, or call to say hi!
Hello! Did you still have the Honda Center tickets?
Yes, we only have lo-fi recordings, as of yet. A full-length is in the works, sounds roaring like waves, waiting to hit your shore.
SCANNER: 4-car crash on southbound 225 just south of I-70. At least one car disabled. Rescuers en route.
#WhatILoveMost a shower after the beach
#ImTheTypeOfPerson that wants to be better, do better and expects the same from everyone else.
Burn Notice Marathon. Yes. Please.
Why don't wireless providers throttle users that don't use data instead of those that do? What do they need speed for?
What all?
you keep me off drugs, so thank you. Ash Wednesday
iowa western >>>
Best of luck in the NFL Thanks for your time as a Badger.
Smile for today. And smile for tomorrow. Smile for it all, even the longing and the sorrow.
“: So Joni Burke just called the KAIOS party a dance .... Lmao” Hm
and finally, The raising of revenue for the support of this program was to come from the reduction of swollen fortunes from the top.
Ever sent a paperback book through the wash? Not an experience I wish on anyone.
#nowplaying Animal Collective's "Sung Tongs" album while catching up on reading news, articles, blogs, etc.
#GOA2011 Show floor just opened for the day. RT : day 2 of Graphics of the Americas
I wish I could share with you the circumstances of why I was excused from jury duty.
I doubt it. I think he would benefit more if Suggs were healthy
sorry steve jobs, I blame our intern for freaking out. want a fruit basket?
OK, I'm hiring for a Data Analyst in Boston. Email or DM me if interested
I think I should read fewer novels in the genre of "well written but nothing happens." Maybe a good thriller next time.
No women, no cry<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+2764>
Bring Back Ringer 9
m it's almost time for nighttime, the time when liberals all meet in dark rooms and try to turn our great country into a China.
Happy Monday! Network drive is down.
The Sky :)!haha just kidding get ready for School! You
..a levelling effect on society, eroding markers of difference + encouraging a civic-minded+mutual respect b/t cultures.
Sometimes Mike Conley is Isaiah Thomas and sometimes he's Mike Conley.
I am looking forward to reading your son's book.
Today is a wrap!! I still hear the fire alarm going off in head! Thought I was at a rave!
are you really?
Gotta find time to go to BN and buy my grandson.."GOOD NIGHT MOON" yes thats a family tradion bedtime story...lol
I think it's appropriate that my library school career will end with receiving advice about job interviews from a stuffed koala.
Do you find Cup4Cup is worth the price? How does it compare to other blends like King Arthur or Pamela's?
Trivia is hard tonight!
Editor consultation proves helpful...shutdown and reboot accomplished with no issues! whew!...dumping and dwnlds continue unabated
How u get into dat lol RT Finally i'm out of twitter jail smh lol
Attempting to quench my undying love of tex-mex with Sarah.
We haven't thought of it yet...
Stop posting pics of the jacked up lookin' tatts yall be gettin'. It's such a shame.
The world must know. Where can we buy our own pair of your awesome pink sneakers?
Just drove over the Georgia state line!
RT vannella: i dont even have a dog.... RT Everyone's in a relationship and I'm just sitting here like "...I love my dog....''
New Artists "pianobydave" has just joined SoloPiano.com!
I wish I was your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves.
riding a bike in the rain(: you?
Sunday Funday. Upcoming: DUBLIFE Wednesday, Party Rock'n Thursday Night w/ Dj Rye, GG Cherry Noir launch party Friday, Still Saturdays
Small break, started #reading "Amelia Rules! What Makes You Happy" #kidlit #graphicnovel It opens w/Valentine's Day! What are the chances?
trying to forget someone is like trying to remeber someone you have never met .
Ack! Just committed one of the deadly sins & replied to a discussion list instead of the individual.. sigh. In my defense, I was just added?
Thank you to all of our new followers!!!
I could not care less about Chelsea but *gulp* Loserpool has scored 3 times already? The heck is going on?? O_O
Don't ruin your questions by prefacing them with weak statements like, "I don't want to seem pushy, but . . .," or, "You might not want...
think you could download and burn the Ray J porno? I really wanna see what all the fuss was about.
Hi Federico! Thanks so much for the RT!!
Debate over America&#39;s appetite for cheap meat vs. public health concerns
So everyone get your 1933 throwback jersey this year!!!
Hope you enjoy the Yourcenar article. She's one of my favorite authors. In particular, her novel "The Abyss".
Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky. Conscious breathing is my anchor. ~Thich Nhat Hanh
Had some amazing photoshoots today! Excited to post pictures :-)
had a really sad experience yesterday... heard a really rough call... I admire how you guys do what you do...
Starting Jan. 9, you can borrow books from Howard University's libraries. ALADIN Catalog now has HU books, including health sciences & law.
#TeamPeeta or #TeamGale? I'm definitely
At the air port.. Flight leaves at 5:10.
Confession #2: Sometimes I just lock my bedroom door, and when someone asks what Im doing, I say "Im going to sleep." When Im really singing
So sick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Biggest issue to signing #11 is $ Letang will be due. If they want to stay together, 11/87 must set precedent of taking less.
Let me know when you wanna take a break from plotting. Let's go to this week if you have time.
"Success doesn't come to you. You go to it." - Marva Collins
odd that the survey i received did not come with a sae, i have to find an envelope, write the address and go get a stamp to return it.
I miss my people... But I'm defiantly loving Boston.
Don't worry. They fall off at about 8 weeks. ;)
i love <3333
Had a great day with and the #Experis team at Lake Lanier today! Great team event!
PickUpLine: Ask: Do you know what winks and screws like a tiger? (No.) Wink.
Woke up, Got dressed, opened the front door stepped outside n realized, no coffee in hand yikkes ran back and got my fix ..COFFEE
When makes fun of me when I hit my
Like the idea of creating virtual opportunities for more members to be included!
Who Sheet on the Sheets? Speaking of shit, the White Sox R playing like Sheet! It's Minn Twinkies 3 Chicago White Sox 1 WTF Chuck???
Planning to go to LA on the 17th of July so my bf can show me how they do it in Cali :)
Go USA Hockey!!!!!
I hope the special shapes balloons will arrive in time for the Balloon Fiesta. It would be kind sad without them.
puttin the bass in it RT : the next stop is the east side motel
Playing "Touch and Go" with today at 4:40 pm in Times Square!
New iPod..Let's not drop this one in a fucking sink, -.-
Sharing with my soeur - her French is advanced enough to understand almost all of it!
To my new & old followers if your not following then your wasting your time on twitter!!
You are so gorgeous.<3
Library Bill of Rights. Freedom inquiry access advocacy openness.
"Bowling Alone" like only human bowling on the lanes alone. Here's hoping can hook herself out of traffic soon.
you would
what hilarity am I missing? Being in the Dallas market, I'm getting the Derek Harper show.
I want to go out!
OH YOU KNOW WHATS STUPID MY VPN CLIENT ON THE MAC
Are you interested in cozies?
will tix be available at the door tonight?
But they'll play their best game against UK.
Thanks For braving the cold weather Metro Center Ficellenians! See you next week!
yea man! Wish you were coming. Golf and drinks are overdue btw
Of the last 36 hours of my life, I have worked during 18 of them. Now I can sit =D
It's so hot in New York !! I need to hit the beach stat
Join alums for "Sunday with Monet" on March 4 at Call 244-4871 for info. Tour, reception, presentation.
RT : Tonight we spotlight Genevieve Sangudi, MD Carlyle Group, who'll receive the Distinguished Alumni Award at
FINALLY finished my biology project.
Who's coming to our show Nov 28th @ Hi-Fi? We're sharing the stage with The Devize Want to hear more new Rosella? We'll be waiting for you
Well what are you going to do when you wear a tuxedo! You need to know how to tie a bowtie!
I know but still related piece
i bet they will do it while im in school
Anyone seen the new #iPhone4s commercial w/ ? I have 1 question why is MY #Siri so retarded- I mean challenged? #tradeyou Lol
wake up! Lol
Yes I do!
Thank you, and I am following you. (MaSalam Alaikim, or AhlSalam Alaikim in Egypt? Mostly the latter in Kuwait 25 yrs ago)
Preparing for the "Abby". Picture's up!
paper mag huh? You guys are keepin it hip...
Only ONE hour and TWENTY minutes till show time at the ! Get there early for seats and drink specials!!
Comical to see all you grizzled NFL writers trying to fathom the Tebow story that is about so much more than winning games
Am getting ready for my three softball games. Need to lead stretches, take team photo, develop our Serene Green FB page, to generate fans!
Then why doesn't she run for the white house
Let's keep it really real. Really. Hope u have a chance to check out & dig u some Secret Skwirl. Really. Best & success.
VAY CAY SHUUUUUUNNNN has officially began!!!! Soon I'll be in cbus!!!!
Being hella crazy and dancing (: let's FaceTime !!?
you're pretty talented if you can tweet whilst your hands are in your pocket I give you props fizzy
not tonight, but could do geek lunch with if you're around downtown tomorrow… I always trust for introductions.
Strong minds suffer without complaining; weak minds complain without suffering.
I have found my <3, as u will 2 my bro~much luv & xoxo. U WILL GET THRU THIS, I DID~when u nvr expect it dear friend. Trust me;)
not man enough to go noodling don't care to put my arm in holes under water not knowing what is in them LOL
We're playing at tonight with Baby Tears and The Fucking Party! How could you not want to see those bands?
After all these years sponge bob is still hilarious to me
*drags you* biatch!
Yeah, I KNOW!
When I post a link to 1 of my Etsy items, I immediately get ~ 10 views. But I wonder if people are actually clicking on the link for real?
just got in from a Saturday night hit. Was fun hitting with Johnnie Miller (keys) again. Going to shut it down. Got church and gig 2morrow!
cheers - it was good to met you too! See you in Cyprus perhaps.
Of Rocky, Rambo and the Rookie - IlliniHQ
Any expert will tell you that if you want emotionally committed relationships then people must be allowed to be true to who they are.
that's ok we had 2 beers down by 6am
Who are you looking for big things out of today? I think Matt Cassel and Dwayne Bowe may show up big. Hightower for AZ could put up big
Praying. Hope she's ok. RT : Sister Julie heading for hospital basement in Lexington KY
I don't know what Sheldon was thinking, that sounds like a delicious dinner to us!
Doing my MIL's taxes today. Joy.
a muffin, a really good cup of coffee, and two Advil. ;)
Let's go federer!!
Guess I ate to much cotton candy
inhouse or agency? RT : Q5 What other skills do you feel are important to breaking out into the SEO world?
AND U KNO IT SIS IM ON DA EDGE OF MY SEAT DEY NEED TO GONE CLOSE DIZ YUNG NI66AZ OUT
Thanks for your follow. It means a great deal to me!
Got wonderful presents for Christmas, thank you to my wonderful family! So excited to use my new backpack! Yeah buddy
I love to see & hear about the community based work that the players do during All Star week
Goldman Sachs cut its forecast for U.S. second-quarter growth to 1.5% from 2%, citing weak consumer spending. Not great for
"Ugh, not another booty call." - girl, "What? No, I just need my treasure" - pirate
Bought iPhoto & wish I could try. Servers: "Unable to Check for Update" for hours, so can't get iOS update in order to install.
Learning about Leveraging Strategic Partnerships.
waddup bro everything good?
To complain is always nonacceptance of what is. It invariably carries an unconscious negative charge.~Eckhart Tolle
RT Just Watched that soulja boy movie on netflix lol, looks like they recorded it with a Flip Phone
Lavender cupcakes and flowers are what May Day in Seattle SHOULD be about :)
Heres what scares me: cam newton is too similar to vince young, hes a man amongst boys, hes the blake griffin beast of his sport
Please contact us at christian.g.zabriskie at gmail dot com.
Awesome!!! which 70.3 and how did it go??
There is a hottie sitting beside me woof!!
thank you so much ! I really enjoy painting them :)
i wish would preform at Santa Ana
Great day of shredding in May. Can't ride a chair lift in Montana in May. 1 of the plus things about Oregon.
But Haters stay~ RT : In this business, friends will come and go. The ones that go were never friends in the first place
I was a cadet at an all-white southern military school. It gave me a quality 19th cen. education. The most important lesson?
your gorgeous :D
I like women who look like they were beautiful in the seventies but now they're just angry
A guys just said he saw me perform before and love the show. He is a server for the event. YES!! I have the staff on my side!
im at wit my daughter at her dance class..baby mamas everywhere!...lol..
so I am the real Jamaican but we also have miss who represents for us as well #respect!
When you're gone the only thing is moving on and remembering what's left of memories.
Very sad I can't watch Sixers/Celtics, but I'll live tweet what I assume is happening. Rondo is killing it, Sixers taking awful jump shots
Brain Floss: A "Time Magazine Survey" said 59% of Americans would rather sit in a Dentist's chair than next to someone on a cell phone.
What am I in the mood for tho?
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/21/2012 and was under her calorie goal
cops were looking for a stolen silver civic looking vehicle that did something bad around 9-10 AM
me to!
“One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness.” Josh Billings
Im still under the impression that is going to date me...but seriously
See you there!
Ovah!!! USA USA USA
Haha got you fam RT : s/o to for the brew at the last minute really came through tho lol
Don't explain yourself to anyone. Your friends don't need it and your enemies won't believe it."
#IThankGod every night, because he wakes me up every morning.
fixed up and cleaned off commuter bike is making me feel
“We can’t just cut our way to prosperity” President Obama on tax cuts for the wealthy Americans and cuts to funding in areas like
What the what. You can get liquor at cvs, all night??? I found the mother land. My people!!
Might go job hunting for a part-time job again today
more temptation: want some easter chocolate?
Every program has at least two purposes; the one for which it was written, and another for which it wasn't. ~ Alan J. Perlis
YES. let's arrange a girls club night like old times or AT LEAST come for Hoboken nights with Donna!
SHOOTS OUT TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS...!!!
Whenever... DM me ur number anyways man.
Dunno. They are a sales company, not an engineering company. Shiny graphs that makes bigwigs look important. Hate hate hate.
;-) Perfect example of "show, don't tell".
Sprayed a spider that was on my ceiling with sink cleaner & that thing dropped like a kamikaze. I'm out of there hahaha
get a hold of me if you are looking to purchase a CD!
what you doing babes x
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT >> !! I WILL BE DELETING THIS ONE SOON!!!
I like to stir the pot! By their the pot, I mean crash the party of course.
Paseo Del Norte & I-25 improvement project will go to the voters. No date for vote determined yet.
Well, it's great to see the Bozo Show is back in Chicago. And when I say Bozo, I mean Theo and Ricketts! Not hiring Ryno huge mistake!!!!
idk how to block you via cell phone but when I get home I will do it.fuck you I have never hated someone in my life so much
Mink Sundays 21+ No Cover Relaxed but clean dress 903 E Bitters NO COVER!!
Chris Rock just earned tonight's Oscar MVP award.
thanks for checking it out at least! if you know anyone who might dig it feel free to share it tho :D have a great day!
All things William Bradford Huie.
Are you stocking up on products during #DoublePointsWeekend? Now thru Sun get 2x the #PurePrivilege points on all your purchases!
Fair enough...
Fine. I'll give it one more week
Poised Creation is beginning to formulate a network into entertainment!
Good talks about tile rendering technologies from
Ah, got it! It's good to connect- let me know if you need anything or have questions!
Sometimes it's hard to read long blogs after writing in 140 character segments for a block of time. :0)
cell bandwidth is pretty much maxed out here. not much more out of me today. that lolla app sponsor is getting some awesome roi.
Money Monday will be shooting a segment on us tomorrow. We are so grateful for the opportunity & will keep you posted on air date.
I'm making you my business manager.
Students: Please bring your textbooks to class tomorrow. They need to be signed in & shelved.
Cosentino: Practice. Top students do 30 practice cases and have read 40 before getting jobs at McK, BCG and Bain
At 4 I'll release myself from the study cave to exercise and shower, only to return to the study cave.
“: Just got up to go get dresses...str8 up dropped .Cant walk #werdnot” you're buying your prom dresses too?!
Yeppers, awesome night :) ...except for trying to figure out how to pay for at least 8 years of med school :L
Hung over but totally worth it. Awesome time on Saturday with my best friends and my partner.
For those of you that have standard visitation this month will have a 1,3 and 5th weekend. Meaning you get 2 weekends back to back.
text me babe
Been a long day - but pumped to be in Austin for the Austin GovUp.
Recruiting Rankings outside the top 20 teams are like Self Labeled Experts preseason projections....absolutely worthless
In search of Black Professional Orgs in Chicago...
I Want You Back ,, HA NOT.
2 tests down, 1 to go.
I could not agree more. They should already know how to play.
There are 2 kinds of creepers. Theres old man who watch girls... Than theyres .
Have one for me - wish I could be there!
already did!
He seems like hoot! So meeting him would make my day for sure!
Red, white, blues in the sky, summer's in the air baby, heaven's in your eyes.
FOLLOW PLEASE!!!
I'll go over later and take u chocolate ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>I'm sorry it sick
tweet: blogblackmiami Vereen is speaking quite well.
Weather is so crazy that both Lake Shore Drive and Wrigley Field are trending right now.
HOLY SHIT IS THE NYC CONCERT SOLD OUT ALREADY
Love passing out on school field trips.
awww he does!?
Same lady who was dissing Charlotte thought Freedom Park was in the hood. SMH.
Last night in Vegas. HELLO Albuturkey.
T-minus 26 minutes until booze slurping time
Thanks H! You too!
I love Modern Family.
#Foxtrot Extracts, Translates, and Loads data for seamless automation of unstructured MEDITECH conversions, reports, and dictionary updates.
Dont have the heart to unfriend my mom on FB, so I deactivated my account. Only for a little while though. Email me
Why cheat that makes u look weak... I stole this ^.^ but its the truth .
I'm trying to get the Max Payne 3 Let's Play intro done by tomorrow. Hopefully it would look good in power point.
I'm so tired
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better. ~ Pat Riley
30 Second To Mars- Closer to The BOHH
Hiding at work.
Ha, I'm hella moded! It right, just chkd it & responded. LOL ops, my bad cuz
Will be in St. Maarten one month from today!
Thank you:) Sorry none of my replies went through... Using a new app now though. Hope to be back in life soon.
Man Rousey is incredible your a world class grappler what do u think of Rondas grappling skills?
In class- Teacher: It's 11:10 but I'm giving u 1more minute to submit your work... its 11:11! Me: You know what that means(; Boy: Not again!
Happy New Year Aplin Familyj World Wide Hello to th AWSOME NUMBER ! DICK LARK! Every one Tweet a Happy New Year to Dick.
Don't let one lie control your life!
Our next $1,000 unsigned artist showcase will be on Feb 21! Wait till you see what we have in store. For info on the event: 347 249 9441
Come say hi at Blu on the 23rd floor of the tonight... we have a sweet treat in store!
This time I get to watch a protest from the "employed" perspective. Gotta work today, but I send my support & energy! Get em, 99ers
It is a great time to buy in Las Vegas!!!!
laying in bed.....in pain...can't move my leg....out of pills.
You may see a faster response and better experience to just tell the user. Have them give credit or take it down.
I love you SO much, you're my idol, I admire you =)
Didn't think orientation would've been that long.
Two of my four (soon to be 5) grand daughters
SEA TO DCA sad to bid adieu to Seattle and #c4l12 it was lovely.
Hope stop raining when I'm done at the shop
Watching C.A. right now, and i'm white as casper the ghost! You are a woman of a certain age, start acting it!
Gettinf REALLY stressed out right now from rl matters... <=(
oh dear lord...please tell me that is Vinnie's?!
Headed to find #Roc's Eco Park to drop off this dead microwave that has been sitting in my living room for roughly a month now...
lol...my son grabs the fries b4 the napkin can go on.
Sometimes I just want a
Daddy's money and palace. Daddy was clearly the Sugamomma. Belle got her own.
Don't you hate when you get that one text where you're just like, "How the hell do I reply to this?"
and what are your thoughts on plural marriage?
Staying light out longer works better for those of us who hate getting up in the A.M. Thanks daylight saving!!
There is no such thing as a mistake as long as you learn a good lesson from it.
#Indiana offered a scholarship to Eric Gordon's brother ....he is in 8th grade.
trying not to be two serious :)RT: Sounds serious. RT: Sean from outside Detroit, learning about XML this week
me too. And 24 in two days <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Intro to Kundalini Yoga this Sunday the 15th Arabi. Join Steph at 6 pm to explore the benefits of the #KundaliniYoga style.
great tweet!
wants a Mcflurry...
I'm trying to be thankful that I'm his friend but idk..
Fill in the blank! Nothing gets me motivated more than _______.
heard some 2 yr/old-sounding clips on radio. no, I don't miss tv! ("it's my turn to talk" "you're wrong" "it's my turn" etc)
You can't build a worker for 6 months then decide they aren't ready and swerve. They were stuck & they failed.
now that's what I called prepared!
#FF Follow this New Englander sports loving guy with an ass that won't quit
Great dinner! RT : great to see everyone! Cheers!
You say you like guys with great personalities, well I've got 4 of them, so you're gonna love me.
Yolo is the stupidest saying ever
Every night before bed, getting up and running at 7am sounds like a fantastic idea. And then the alarm goes off...
please shop at Gelsons & Stater bros if their is a strike! Good / Fair employers!!
anyone listening to us on Spotify?
Send quote to a friend. George Bernard Shaw
RT : In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. Bill Cosby
which one?
that's a great photo of the moon! Super zoom lens?
I need to sleep...
I think there's a special section for bladers
I wish I didn't live in Las Vegas /;
ha! You are geeked about fireworks lol. And random...but were you on the jumbotron??
DRUG EFFECTS ON HUMAN SEXUAL BEHAVIOR - ...
Been quiet on the Twitter front, but only because I've been busy. Commercial as well as some pro-bono clients. Details to come soon!
Swag on Lou, Niall by the fire and he's eating fondue, Harry knws bout me, Liam knows about yu, say hello to DJ Malik in 3,2, flick. <U+2665>
Ready to smash this fucking finance final
Wow. 5 TD's in first half - NFL record. Gronk continues his dominance. This is a different Patriot team
Phone died while i was waiting on my boss to call back<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
We finally have plums on our plum tree!
Remember Albert's Jewelers? They had the commercials on TV with the old man looking into the camera going "SEE YOU AT ALBERTS!"
LIVING ON A PRAYER
You love those movies don't you? :)
Today's lectures will be on the problem of slavery; and one on European colonization in the New World (mostly Spain and France)
Going to get my makeup done at Mac!!!
RT : That is the last time I buy a rocket on eBay.
The sad thing is, I actually thought you were different.
When i move you move, just like that CLASSIC LOL
The difference between the Pope and your boss. The Pope only expects you to kiss his ring.
RT : Vegan hair smoothing treatment on Botanically based, good for pregnant women. 20% off w/code ljmom...
im chillin bro can complain
I hate it when females are stuck up what the fuck are u mad about damn?
Bar Owners:You have 10 reps to worry about. I have 150 bars to worry about. No I didnt forget your buckets,your #96 on my things to do list
follow back
I like Butler's move to the A-10. It will make them more visible in the east and expand their recruiting ground.
Had angst-y dreams about teaching & writing. Thus, this morning I feel like I've already worked for hours :-/ Maybe walking Grover will help
Sources indicate #Facebook #IPO already oversubscribed, based on road show success. IPO #valuation could be greater than first anticipated.
follow me
can you imagine if had done that? I remember when we were in kenosha last year. my ears exploded
I might see you at the airport. But anyways, let me know if you want to play basketball.
Today is beautiful
Being a vampire used to be awkward, scary, and at times stressful... Then twilight came out.
Can't wait until May and June! Its going to be crackin!!
I hear ya J!
Next up will be the 2009 Tony Award Winner God of Carnage by Yasmina Reza. This will be co-produced with Kansas City Actors Theatre.
I'm buying Lauren a pool tomorrow
. asks Fletcher about his switch from the GOP to an independent.
Watching Nick Cannon on Comedy Central.... Say wat ya'll wanna I like it!! HA! So, THERE!! Yea, I SAID IT!!!! lol
69° at 9 in the morning! Gonna be a great fall day in Milwaukee!
loan mods and real estate investing , freaking out...work...
good point. Also I think it's time for Dantoni to go. It crazy that they were better before the Melo trade.
or you could just tickle me anyways. Coz I'm awesome.
Just cause a Guy gives you a little bit of Attention, Dont mean he Like you.
Lay off Mitt Romney, liberals. All he was doing in prep school was trying to Etch a Letch.
Glad you like it! Yes, teas are on hiatus for 2012.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>hope your happy
Church had such a good message I'm just gonna stay for the second service!
SO jealous! Have fun!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
It may amaze some people at how many people go into making concerts and shows take place.
I understand honesty, but he is now encouragaing others to vote 4 RS over Newt & Perry. Not good.
The Speaker is doing everything he can do to skip over Bob Marshall from speaking!
"Set the gearshift for the high gear of your soul, you gotta run like an antelope out of control"
happy everything to everyone!
wondering if my neighbor is doing trick-or-beer again this year?
thats a lie beyond lies .
Anybody have notes from the GIS session on Sat?
Sick and irritated = Nikki flipping some damn tables!
The killer Spurs beat the slumping Knicks 101 - 92
He pissed me off for the first time today , but said the very thing he needed to say <3
b2c Sales vs. Marketing as the lead -- depends on the product. Retail operations are often the first line
My new web site will be ready this week Chefyoni.com
Having been to Stubbs and Iron Works, Stubbs has a bit more atmosphere!
thanks for your purchase! we usually do not do ticket giveaways for the weekend shows - but you never know! keep an eye out
Welcome to Twitter! Well you got it if you were referring to a Twitter account..
that was horrible.. Ohmygod.
Wish some things were different but I guess you just have to live your life and hope for the best
Finding that living in "Einstein Time" breeds lots of creativity. Feeling that you always have enough time allows creative flow to expand.
Hey there is a new dead line 2/19/12 (:
Happy to provide some comps for hotel guests, too, if you can use them. Sophisticated music lovers will not be disappointed!
#BackInElementarySchool I was such a fat, ugly ass nigga with the ugliest hair of life D:
“ Sometimes u have to be with wrong person, in order to appreciate the right one”
fashooo i'm down..wuts good with the nwi team, u playing with them?
I have went against a lot of greats and always gave a good challenge but in tired of being the underrated one I want to be #1 the best
Perhaps it's time for a Pogue's Elements of Tech Style? Strunk & White is 50 after all.
Harbaugh is awesome!! Serious balls to run that play.
love yu to
maybe you have a good point on that one. Tabata and McCutheb were good, young talent
Why can't I vote online for the French 2012 Presidential Elections?
Use hold fast hangers in your camper, boat, or RV
Adams Poway Bath Remodel is offering 20% off to Diversity Platinum members on a full bathroom remodel!!!!
shut yo pie hole big claps
been battling a headache all day. time for oblivion.
Am a big fan of ! Actors, if you don't already have an account...sign up for one now!
dat rock. he got grills nowww.
The books are better the movie does a pretty decent job actually
TRUTH aka Ciroc day, aka Patron day, aka hang out with fine ass women like day lol
you are welcome and your sculpture is amazing : )
23 hour day today. good luck getting to church on time yal!
PAID SEARCH MARKETING SPECIALIST PPC (Portland, OR ...
Have you downloaded "Torches" for free from our bandpage yet? Check it out!
Thanks for helping! RT : I had a blast at the #Milwaukee99. Thanks for putting on such a great show!
If you like Golf and Baseball today is as good as it gets! Masters has Tiger & Rory going at it until 7PM. Tonight Red Sox vs Yankees
that is true. moving up in the world, i suppose ;) oh LA... so small yet so big. or are we just spoiled?
Don't be scared of Moo, she's nice. Despite the blueness of hair. She makes blueberry flavored milk. {Wiggles brow} Yum!
well done, sirs.
lol yeah, I would wear like mid-thigh jean shorts from AE, and a 1D shirt and sperrys probably. Lol, I go casual.
RT My aunt and her kids live next door to us and both sides of the house are blasting music lmao
Bucky you need to do a show at Red Rocks in Colorado.
hey love! are you back in jackson yet? :)
RT follow this man : what's good I'm trying get famous too
Back to the black hair, about time.
God could not be everywhere, and therefore he made mothers. Rudyard Kipling
i love your hair Omni
Cool video! Love the tiger.
for real I had to drink alot of water and that USound dr was pressing all on my Bladder SMDH! And she got gel in my bellybutton
The Brewers will turn this around soon, I promise and this needs to wake up the lagging players that every at-bat is vital.
oh shit I just realized I need to redownload the app since I recently had to restore my ipod. Gimmee a few sex
Last nights hacker seems to have caused me to lose a lot of followers. But at least he/she is gone. Sorry again, for the annoyance.
hey I know this guy and his cousin's friend's goldfish died. Can I get a RT for support?
We hope you are out taking advantage of such lovely weather. Our neighborhood sure looks good on a day like today.
hey bella nice to meet u iam a muslam belieber <3 #muchlove i followed u
Oh my god
Sorry, pal. We should know better than to joke about pancakes.
Hmm. That's not enough info. What's the conference about? And what would I be talking about?
I am really glad I'm the President of National English Honor Society and not Public Relations "Gelast sceal mid are" ;)
applying for 4 jobs this weekend....maybe i'll finally get hired
McBride is awsome dont know how those guys can handle the pain i could not
All these guys seem to do is try to get something (anything, apparently!) for FREE. Sad.
jack's hair just totALly made my day 100% better. yep.
UCLA. I start March 29 as Director of Library Special Collections there.
Sportscasters, you will sound stupid if you call them the New York Football Giants.
I dig your style man. Keep it up.
Real Recognize Real !!!!
Being so hurt where you actually feel your heart hurting. <
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
OK now I'm really gonna lay down n attempt sleep. These 22 hour days can't be good for me.
I really wish I could piss on people and sleep at night but I'm too righteous for that!! My conscientious would kill me...
Crew is on the road to ! Playing at the frat before the football game!
thanks for the love!!!
You know it babe!
Mission impossible
ABP loves COLORADO
sweet sweet sweet Pennsylvania Spring time Sunshine.... are you jealous Seattle? I would be :-)
“: Before I die I want to meet Josh Hutcherson.”
My ear hurts ;p
Johnny, Thanks for the follow, and info on Film Lobby. I'll check it out. Cheers!
I really wanted to meet you and your adorable dog last night in chicago!
I'm hungry u should get me a pizza a 3 meat one from yo jobs cause ain't noboby cook please and thanks bro
That grosses me out more. I'm a vegan.
Coffeemakergirl knows three languages so that's pretty awesome!
We need 4 hugs a day for survival. We need 8 hugs a day for maintenance. We need 12 hugs a day for growth. -Virginia Satir
Just now leaving babe's house, Thank #God for the #Miracle healing& that she feels better. Time to take this crosstown bus ride now, *yawns*
Driving home from Downtown LA. overcast but a very chill feelin day
says, don't wait for others. Engage with them first. Be creative. My nephew asked me why I post questions on #FB often
Nothing to do. Quiet house. I need something to do.
#BestAlbumEver Suicidal Tendencies' self-titled 1983 album. "All I wanted was a #Pepsi. Just one #Pepsi."
I don't have the gas to :( wahhh
I love and her music <3
Saturday and Sunday are suppose to hit 72. Anyone want have a Sunday Funday? A.K.A Kickball? Baseball? Flag Football? Basketball? Crochet?
your welcome
everyone follow
does anybody else agree that the restrooms at casa de fruta should be called casa de pee pee? or am i alone on that one?
I don't know who or what Kony is but I guarantee it's not as important as everyone is makin' it seem. I know I should look it up but, no.
watching a repeat of chopped...I really think they should've let you thru the next round!!
Yes, and you're also going to want to rip your hair out.
Some coldstone sounds amazing right about now:P
Humm ... What is your blogs name? Can we see sum of your work?
heading to 2nite for #beatresearch ft. & fam-if you were for #PicoPicante you need to come down
even to the states!!?
I can't breath when you talk to me,i can't breath when you talk to me_
what u think was going to happen when u that cute lol
Blood red moon tonight. Must be the end of the world.
I cannot get enough of Mark Twain right now. I can't believe it took me this long to get into his work!
You are awesome. Just thought I would tell you.
is the site live yet?
I'm strangely very okay with this.
I don't know why guys like boobs, which are all fat, but when a girl is overweight, they can't accept her.
Bout To Take Me A Nap For Tonight .
First time doing this wizard. Wish me luck!
Good night world...
Okay. Just need to maneuver!
ill be there next month we better see eachother !
yall are garbage
never should have involved myself in this!
Is that your chin?? lol
Your Welcome! Thanks for the S/O!!
I wouldn't go that far. It's not THAT nice.
You need to get your mind right.. Do not come over uninvited an sit in someones house, your officially a stalker
Make your New Year a Prosperous Year.
Have a Super Sensational Sunday......SPREAD LOVE
"Dance like there's nobody watching, Love like you'll never be hurt, Sing like there's nobody listening, And live like it's heaven on earth"
#DWCdc student and parents are enjoying campus. Many have commented on the beauty and Safty of the campus!
Idk why but I'm so jolly right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
...protesters. Responsibility for things happening in police actions fall with police.
hey bro, u mind if I repost your sessions bid to Facebook?
lalala follow us please(:
cj and Amanda Blount ...they are awesome
Oh, sorry! ScanTailor doesn't detect rotation. I'll try to find the one I'm thinking of.
5 hour nap time...
lmao, nahh i was just smiling and laughing at them!
Been working as an academic librarian exactly 1 yr. today. I'm still in one piece and love my job (mostly).
Zambia Commodities Exchange Expected to Resume Trade in May - BusinessWeek
Who needs tickets for April 27th with Affiance, Hawthorne Heights, The Plot In You and more??
Excited to meet with tonight to discuss engagement/wedding photos! Any words of wisdom?
11:11 I wished to meet you
I'm so excited I can drive now <U+E41F><U+E41F><U+E41F>
I licked the silver spoon, drank from the golden cup and smoked the finest green.
Anybody else getting followed by spammy slot machine companies recently? Clearly they haven't seen my bank account.
Where the Cancer's at?! <U+264B> -Stephanie<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Good luck!
Sweet! Thanks Meagan.
There's been a disaster and the phones lines are very jammed.
Kindle and PSP going tonight, plus more! Bid Packages start at just $7.50!
Amen! RT : thank god for hockey, beer, and country music.
L-tryptaphan kicking in...must...reach...couch...
Happy #Valentine's Day everyone!
Headed to the for game 6. Time to end this thing.
Music takeover
Trying to get enough sleep b4 my overnight shift. Forcing myself to sleep when I'm not tired really sucks..
How do they go from -no I don't have to pee to oh my gosh if we don't stop right now I will pee all over the car- in 3 seconds flat?
Roid Era, possible bias against him by voters?
Supporting a client through a media interview on how Girl Scouts shaped her entrepreneurial spirit. I love these stories!
I just wanna see you strip
One of the favorites, Bodemeister, draws no. 6.
RT RT : Blackberry's #tacky<<< why don't u go #Killyoself ... I'm sure yall prolly hav an app for that
Valentines day is a disaster waiting to happen.
#yougottaberealspecial to fumble the ball twice. Way to go Kerry Collins. Go back to retirement.
well thats good!
I agree. Taste was not in question, facts and journalistic integrity were. Give us a shout next time if you...
We're growing.....get ready!!!
where u been mah dude ?
Excellent choice!
M girl I'm ALWAYS right lol
Only #Whitney can disrupt negative media for almost 4 hrs...now that's GOD!
c ya Monday #get your butt home
"Two weeks for me to fall in love with you":')
things come together.
Overheard: "I'm the private chef for Stephen Colbert's lawyer."
Serious question, Is #14 on uwm a girl or tranny?
Again the has of a pool of all WORM's (White Old Rich Men) to choose from for president...not much has changed in the last 70 yrs
Guy at the Keith Jarrett concert tonight: "Play the colon concert!" Keith Jarrett: "Did you just ask me to play the colon concert?"
You're thorough!
Same argument I made at an Invisible Children screening three years ago
Wait, Whitney takes place in Chicago?! Wait, I'm watching Whitney?!
I prolly got shit coming for fucking my homeboys woman and I don't know why I did that .. That's why relationships can miss me ....
Not too late to put that baby in reverse and pick up the legend Ricketts and kicked to the curb: Ryno!
#FollowHeffrondrive or Die. It's that simple.
Haha, oh I bet it is. I'll let you enjoy the show tonight. :) Tweet ya again later. :)
First day back to school jammn to #WZRD. . . Def was a springbreak to remember
I am so proud of for winning freshman county! Haha we're
VEE response has been great. Very busy. :) Your practice looks very high-tech. Do you have a TRS 5100?
well I guess we will have to see
Oh my god oh my god. Lakers let's go!!!!
follow me <3
Norms routinely dissolve the thickness of experience.
try drinking a small amount of viniger
You're trying to make me jealous. But if I'm at the gym with you I already have #EyeCandy win-win. ;)
Never thought about it. Maybe. :D
Twitter threatened with lawsuit by Israeli law ctr for allegedly 'aiding' terrorist groups, al-shabaab, Hezbollah via Kevin Flower
At the #craftspokenhere reception celebrating #contemporarycraft. Everyone looks amazing!
Teen Wolf comes back in June :D
hey, I've been meaning to ask, do u like guacamole?
kinda creepy
oh sheet, good for you! in quite jealous >.>
:thank you!
Hey fellow Redsox Fans! This was bound to happen... is at the game right now.
Free Intro Night--Create a 1 yr breakthrough in only 3 months!! Rsvp email .
nice dress!
: some years more successfully than others... "Always knew tours controlled the weather."
To err is human; to admit it, superhuman. ~ Doug Larson
Still feel so ill! But can't wait to see my princess later
Thanks!! I might encourage my family to pick up on this tradition too LOL i doubt they would tho! ;)
Excited to be starting with a new drum student tonight. I learn just as much by teaching.
Thank you so much! You're the best :)
#ThingsHoodRatsLove Bad Weaves. [¡-¡]
1/4 of the way done with grad school: officially a quarter librarian!
RT You know you are an addict when you are recovering from a marathon and searching for more races hahahaha
I will just make the kissy face with my fingers while Brock hums Celine Dion's my heart will go on
Thank you for being patient with me. I appreciate it. This weekend, I am taking out the lady. Trying to play tonight.
Drose acting a complete as.
Beautifully said
Hear ye hear ye my twitter massacre his begun I'm going to be going twitter wild for the next couple of weeks …Fuego out
Good Morning Latina Trailblazers! Opening session of the Latina Leadership conference begins w/ AMAZING Latina Trailblazer panel
you know it man, likewise! Cheers:)
I like to pretend I still use RSS with over 1,200+ subscriptions in but twitter and fb usually comes first.
.______. Y'all are so mean to him
is that a fridge next to your fireplace?
"TRAIN WRECK" is now on ITUNES!!!
Mimosa and a blow out!
me too!
Never. Ever never.
haha I'm gonna survive
Replacement laptop has arrived. Thank God for IT.
All construction jobs are temporary no matter the work site. Private contractors run the project. So, you make perfect sense.
RT Breaking news: the news has broke!// I swear I didn't touch it!
To enjoy the glow of good health, you must exercise
tucked?! Lol yea but we get out June 8th
Congratulations on your #LPGA Women's British Open victory! We look forward to seeing you at the 2010 Safeway Classic!
I have no excuse. I'm waiting for Amber's hair to be done too...what?
If I knew this was how it was gonna be, I would have been gone right at the beginning of you and me.
Keep head buried firmly in sand until forced to acknowledge existence of social media.
that is badass... i love it!!
cuz like if u like hang out with them nd they will make fun of u nd mocking u i hate them nd i dont hang out them
Malcolm Brown of takes the mic to explain Learning Analytics (& terminology creep).
and it's a dogs world
I miss #Jeremy #bonnie #caroline and #tyler when will they appear again? =(
yep. Oh and a whole bunch of veggies.
Know your self worth and you recieve all that you desire in life.
Notice me please <3
<U+2606> "You don't have to be afraid to put your dreams in action." <U+2606>
I need to go to bed lol. That one hurt, gotta sleep it off
RT : Who's talking about you online? It takes seconds to make or break your reputation on the web; protect it accordingly!...
poke back! We will for sure!
Looking for a PR contact. Please contact us.
Best part of the pub crawl- Jeb at Pix Patisserie pulling out a bullhorn while I'm singing Happy Birthday to a woman through mine
how are you? <3 WE LOVE YOU.
whats the point of living when what your living for isn't there for you anymore. It's like there a whole new person.
Only yu can be yu, only i can be me :) <3
will you be showing the coaches on the bench, or standing up giving directions to players?
Didn't it hurt when you fell from heaven?
RT : #alecexposed #alecwatch Are corps writing off ALEC activities as "charitable donations?" Just wondering. RT'ing this.
please follow me :) i love you !!! <3
that last tweet was an ex pic lmao
Follow me, I follow you. Unfollow me, I do that too!
Minnesota fishing opener now less likely to be moved up a week as MN Senate doesn't have the votes. live on KSTP-TV at 6pm.
lets go J-HEY…..
this should be epic
if your band magically turned into the spice girls who would everyone be ??
I was in stress lately. But I am fine now. Thanks! How about you Kuya?
I just want to let you know you have amazing talent, and don't let the haters get in your way. We Mahomies got ur back :) Ily!
so Im making today my weekend after 7 monumentally stressful days, heres to sucking it up & spending time with family, im almost home too <3
First post baby run!
Happy Thursday! Just starting with a big hello. I will attach a picture later.
We had a great kickoff event today at the park. Lots of interest from the residents on going green. Are you Brian's son?
Ow! Cat just scratched me..i have the craziest cat ever! It has the weirdest mood swings its so friendly & then so mean out of no whr!
Wes made me depart :(
Some days, I wish I could run the whole darn catalog through Google Refine. Today is one of those days.
The tallent show is bouta be funny af this year
Seeing toxin tonight with !! :)
Merry. Christmas Eve. We are here for you 9AM-6PM for all your holiday gifts & everything on SALE. Come on in shop, support, & SAVE!
Excellent NFL preview section today by and others in today's paper - one of the best I have read. Buy yourself a copy.
Really, what should I do when I want to offer a woman my seat on the subway and I can't tell if she's pregnant or just heavy?
Great to see is now making you exercise to travel in and out LAX.
1D Own Our Hearts :)
Top of the lineup due for LA. Gordon,Ellis & Kemp
The problem is our people vote on the basis of caste and religion not on the basis of honesty and development.
Helping Salish Sea Expeditions and Odyssey map their scientific data. Framework is in place www.maps4kids.com/odyssey/BIMap.html
yeah I'll hit u up if I get one
haha! Love it.
Pleasantly exhausted after a full day of fun & swimming at#countryspringshotel #funtimes :)
I was born ready
Neva waiste your time cause you'll neva get it back. #real T
They started selling Medalla in SoFL last month - You can get it at Craft Beer Happy Hour for sure 2x1 ;)
First day of insanity.
#FF all the amazing hayniacs :D
is killing it at the knitting factory!
It's apparent to win a Comedy Award you must have a beard and hipster glasses, oh and be white of course.
“: My sister is my best friend #YallBeJealous ” - thank God your mother raised you well....
and I (well, mainly Solon) have some thoughts about what makes that online creepy feeling so...creepy...
oh hell I asked for ice cream so now I have to bring the goods ..Lmfao y'all suck
Andy Van Slyke's son was called up by the Dodgers. Does that mean I'm old?
hes not on :P
Gottlieb: Bell officials were completely unrepentant. Mtg went on for 4 hours.
Giovanni needs to leave lmao
Archiving in #SeeSaw? @
Enjoy the rest of your unexpected day off!
Saturday school with the 6th grader. I'm the only parent here and it is AWESOME b/c he is SO EMBARRASSED! Muhahaha!
wow... Rooting against Wash, you really are coming back
I love you bus tweets. Makes me feel like I'm in college again.
Security Tip: Prevent employee theft - investigate all losses, even minor ones, at once. Most embezzlers start with small thefts.
Ha!ha!
Will there be an action (in Indy) relating to Shut Down Corporations?
going to shower and then sleep
Of course! You're a cause after our own heart! ;)
sometimes im just not ready for the truth
We've been checking out your site and products and love it! You guys are really creative keep up the great work.
I swear I feel like I have no energy left after that workout I just did
RT " This time tomorrow will be fantastic."
Good Morning Tweeters, lets make today a good and productive day. Happy Holidays!
btw, what happened to your other twitter accounts? I saw you blocked a lot of people and then same with your FB? Consolidating?
this is bs!! lol
Rondo with the chest-bump to the referee and the automatic ejection
wtf, who puts 3 o's in doors anyways?!
lmao hahahha he also got the same height as u guess thats y u love him so hahah
I just sent that to my sister. Priceless. I can't believe some people are real.
My first Mixtape will be off the meters
Hope the sun comes out! Gloomy days make me lazy.
Its wake & bake & i helped lol!
Getting ready to watch DC United game. Let's hope they can get a win and not another tie!
Insomnia is a bitch.
I don't want to be your 'favorite', or your 'best', I want to be your only & f*ck the rest.
My smart objects are starting to feel like Inception. Editing a layer inside a smart object inside a smart object.
yea i know...... its nice to meet me
Hello twitter.. We meet again..
Breast Cancer Survivor Singer/Songwriter " Ebony Diaz " www.metooyotambien.tv Incredible story!
Follow us! And let us know when your in Austin ;)
you guys put on such a fun show - and fri. i almost caught you - was in line to talk to Joel Hanson, you popped in, then left!
#FridayReads Wastelands: Tales of the Apocalypse by AND From Bretton Woods to World Inflation by Henry Hazlitt.
Thanks for putting me on your "Best of Twitter" list!
hs basketball round-table?
Barbour fit modeling gig today!
we shall see
well more like my maker is working off stuff
Love that George Lucas knows that life is lonely without the idea of God.
Studio tonite ... Can't wait
You can feel the momentum changing at #MSG as the first period ends.
Star testing is so tiring and the shitty test isnt even meant for my grade THE FUCK IS THIS SHIT
good seats especially the Redskins game?
Thanks! You guys'll get a kick out of our set this time. Raided the Lakeview Pantry's expired stuff to line the platforms!
haha nice nice. Any luck?
Darius is tweeting the same thing from both of his accounts -_- only my pops!
BOOM ! Bridge P0Wer !
I hate feeling like I'm not good enough.
Ugh. Cedar fever.
says go the where the people are instead of sticking a stake in the ground and say this is where I want to be
Don't feel bad. There's still TONS of time left. Hop on.
bahhahahaha just saw this! Wasn't me!! :)
I need bigger espresso cups
Cannot wait for my stay tonight with I'm counting the minutes.
I love how thats my first tweet after like 40 days haha
oh god, hahaha.
In other new, Bob Costos is all bottom teeth.
Twenty years now/Where'd they go?/Twenty years/I don't know/Sit and I wonder sometimes/Where they've gone...--BOB SEGER
Wow, the rain is really coming down! YAY! :-D
it's 4:30 in the afternoon...
there's always next year buddy
who decides what book goes INTO a school library?
Making funny videos! With : )
#Hawks jumpers not falling so far tonight. Can't always settle for 18-footers.
You're killing me here. If you aren't going to jump on this $200 season ticket offer, I have to assume you never will
Dunwoody. Audiences expect journos keep analytical distance from the issues they contend with.
Woo! Thanks for sharing my song.
Don't blame Jesus for your mishaps just let him kno wat happend so he can fix it
perl, css and velocity, here I come.
- you are most welcome. Our pleasure being a part of something so great
Haha! Isn't it great? An amazing social experiment. Had no sea how many people would respond. Thx for playing along. ; )
so they need to flip the model: "these people are pinning the same types of stuff" so follow them
Busy day today, thanks to friend Lobo and Amber, photos looking great! Now back to reality :(
Want to see a group that truly gets digital revolution? So impressed w many national political reporters and reporters covering media beat
Breaking records this week with Snow Emergencies. Tune in to my news at 7:03 PM on WCCO Radio.
oh good point. That, and all the TV time, press, and money they could ever want!
Sliders, Nachos, English Cheese Dip, Potato Skins, $6.95 each in ! (SW corner of Scottsdale & McDowell Roads)
I did
haha all ur cadbury candies, and whatnot. Delicious :) and the 222s are those good aspirin that make u feel good n sleepy haha
The boys are done for the fall. Can't wait to get back together in 2012 for a big spring season!
polls in US suggest ppl are divided on Trayvon, but I agree shld let evidence emerge.
Thank God its Friday!!!
man really wanted to go the hotsprings i hate fuckin #hippies man !
also wishes she didn't have to work tomorrow...
You had your chance and blew it, now step aside and watch a real nigga do it [;
I think Samuel sings it. I'm listening to the full version and it sounds like him.
I think I should tell him I like him should I bc I dnt know what to do
... really? That I did not know.
As they say 'common sense ain't so common anymore'
When Google makes its own beer, and you can take a picture with the can, they can resume talks about taking Facebook down. Summer is ideal.
Workouts are good. I decided to extend phase 1 by a week. Figure it can't hurt.
rumor has it you are using some of my old equipment in this tournament coming up, represent them well!
that's not very nice
oh snap zooey deschanel is going to be on the cover of marie claire for may. i have to get it
12oz curls my man! All Day
Love in perfection... is the heart of God... and Jesus is the proof.
Looking forward to shooting again tomorrow!
Girls know more than u think
Men without hats
Beautiful day today - colder than normal
We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory. -Cicero
On the bus with my boo's & 'leyss ily yous guys
finally getting on 395... Thanks for the help... I'll shoot Glebe over I think
Anyone else cry harder when Mercedes sang "I Will Always Love You" on Glee than when J. Hudson sang it at the Grammys?? No? Me neither...
Even when they were assaulting me, ganging up, deriding me, sniping & snarking, at least they responded, unlike my purported colleagues.
hey dumbass you tied the season series w/ the celtics does that mean your as good as they are? Negative
RT : Tonight's #journchat topics: "media myths, advice to new journs in digital age & online photo ownership. Join us 8-9p ET
"Mom, are you still banned from Morocco?" She says it was only a 5 year probation. And yet she wonders why I prefer to travel without her.
I cant wait to get home &. Eat ice cream ^.^
your tuesday is my sunday night, thus my monday morning is in 9 hours.
We'll have video of the Mayor-elect's press conference at the White House later this afternoon.
yes. Not me this time
sign up for what I just tweeted. $50 gift card to Sephora if we get invites!
I looveee the color pink !!
Next time you see someone wearing sandals, push them down a flight of stairs. It's too cold for that shit.
I have Paper 3 for Physics tomorrow!
love you guys <3
Murphy has improved so much! wow!!!
I think my parents are leaving tonight, thank you jesus ! !
A squirrel keeps biting into my butternut squashes!
A1: For me, it's the smell of the book, the feel, the pages I turn and re-read. I'm sure I sound old!
I am your wife..
Thank you for reporting on this.
Meeting a ton of fans on the tour in Florida!
oh lol.. Followed
Feel free to DM me contact info. ;-)
What religon are you?
me too thanks for inviting
HOW SWEET! I will cherish it FOREVER! My foot does kind of feel a little better!
nothin but were going boy hunting tomorrow at school ( ;
Mint is wildly popular & a good place to start. Also check out the community & tools at
No, we think you're an Oregonian. Come join us! But bring your own job, we're out of them here. But Kombucha's on tap!
My March Madness picks are about 50/50 right now
Brookside Dental is awesome! you can find them here at
lololol I call Ross you can have Austin! Lmbo!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
milk and dark chocolate peanut butter cups are both insanely good.
just delivered 2000 imprinted 36" beach balls. What a great summer promotion!
Guess what guys?! Recent homes sold for 96% of the listing price, 57% reduced the asking price at least once, this from NAR's recent survey!
. glad the book helped. Makes our day to hear that from you guys :-)
how very Aussie of you...
do you need seo?
Miami has better weather.. that is all. Miami fans are delusional.
Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving from where you left them to where you can't find them
Totally had a wonderful night last night. Really looking forward to Sunday to see the babe ;)
#Np Future - Turn On The Lights
Writers: The correct way to publicize your work is not to spam people asking them to "let me know what you think" with article links. Thx.
Lmfao on glee they sang WMYB. Thats one sign as to how much 1D has grown famous.
We'll be tweeting from #TheACMG meeting in Charlotte later this week!
"Cody has big feet ;D you know what that means"<<omg this HAHAH
Q for digital/e-recs archivists: does yr repository manage Red Book CDs and DVD-video in born digital workflow?
M taste like Gin! Lol
How is everyone?
mystical/bone crusher lmao
Low class scumbag Philly fans!!!! Cheer for a injury? Low life shitty Philly!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sally i love you!
we're having a pep rally during school today for the homecoming dance tomorrow :)
Dodgy run in in today's stage of #ParisNice, good job avoiding catastrophe
A #BFSportsMoments - today in 1990 former #Olympian #JesseOwens received the #CongressionalGoldMedal from U.S. President George H.W. Bush.
I'm not a nerd, I'm just not stupid like you.
come on by and check our scene
thanks for the follow!:)
your movie Spork was on TV! :)
we will be back next week, something came up and we are at Marquette campus...sorry about that.
sorry world I have to isolate myself from all of you.
Where's the "like" button when you need one? Good to hear.
U a dam fool crazy ass
Fish comes to mind...
It was pretty busy @ #innotech, we had a booth right near the registration table. We r still trying 2 reel in cell phone donations
Seattle in October
AB thanks for the follow, hope you are doing well getting ready for the season
Dear Krissy, thanks for following!
do conservatives not realize that some women take birth control to avoid symptoms of menstruation? even sexually inactive ones! not "sluts."
So I hear Oliver Sykes is dead? Hmm... #RIPOliverSykes. If its true you are dead :p
Um promoted?!?!
“ I got Ohio State by 5...” as a #Kubball fan thanks for saying that and locking up the win for us
More! YES!
I miss unguided bombs SO much :( Dive bombing a tank or AA weapon and pulling up last second... Look back and watch the BOOM
Posted a new song yesterday so check it out! Off to do some crossfit! LIFT OR DIE!!!!
well that sucks! It always looks like my pants are pulled way up! But their not! Haha.
nigga you don't want it! But add me AnthonyConroy
hey sweetie, don't worry about that party nigga being cheap talking bout $3 an hour plus tips...
omg when I saw the kiss between u and I was like Olivia I'm going 2 kill u I was so jealous ..!!!!
Very rare to see Ray Allen argue foul calls.
R.I.P. TO ONE OF THE GREATEST LEGENDS OF ALL TIME....MR. DICK CLARK<U+2665>
What live music are you seeing this weekend?
I can't wait to finish tomorrow's meal, so that I can kick up and enjoy the meal he's prepared for tonight.
I'll be ready in 5 minutes
yes.. its good
good luck! it'll be great, i'm sure
oh yeah I got some striped stuff at h&m recently! but honestly have also had trouble finding inexpensive summer basics!
catching up on the show #LostGirl ...you are amazing on the show.
You know that you're over-exposed to internet memes when the word "nomination" has a multiple meanings.
I'm really not that excited for MW3 to be honest
What do you suppose Yankees fragance (Past/Present/Forever) smells like? Money? A great sense of self? Babe Ruth's glove?
bro shits tight
Country Roads?
Wonderful #review on !
I be going... I be going hard...
: Maria what?
today lets toast to the future cause right now shit happen its highschool we almost done so things gonna happen we almost grown
Check that. 10 speakers. You can mix faster that way.
you can not blame me!
kk u have a cute dp
RT : R.E.T.W.E.E.T if Gaga Is The Biggest Inspiration to you!
says the vast majority of newspaper stories that have been read over time are not "actionable material" for consumers.
The #Cardinals are the 1st team this season to score in double-digits 3 times.
just a few! Congrats on the new projects!
oh no <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>girl talk soon!!!!
Gay Romney spokesman quits over &quot;hyper-partisan discussion of ...
#STAR #astrology planets in the cadent houses (3,6,9,12) are "between worlds", metakosmios in Greek, which means "interspace between worlds"
I know it wasn't game 7, but it was GLORIOUS to win against the Flyers & take the series from the Phillies w/ a Pedro bomb!
thanks for thr
life is confusing does h e like me or not ?
Tonight I'm spinning at public house and club kiss from 10-11pm on 1035 kiss fm Chicago & 1035kissfm.com!
Blastin dark side smokin in a candle lit room
MT : I've received no shit from peers about my work on Dinosaur Train, though I've no idea what's said when I'm not there!
Random Ammons visit? Sure why not.
Stick drill!!!!
Heading over to to help out with America.
It's not about the money; It's about what you spend it on...
I would love a tour! Is there a number I can call? Or you can contact my publicist 972-953-8846
"The world is ran by CREATORS of things. Maintained by purchasers of CREATIVE things and populated by those that CREATE nothing!"— DJ T&B
#smash really? Fun number but pretty sure you just jumped the shark...
so true
Thanks Fox!
Thinkin Bout You
True! I also can't get over the fact that all male gay sex means they turn to a corpse because of their intestine?
I don't know. I'm still on the fence about it with the profile of my museum in mind.
I just came back home from going out to eat with da fam
'I gotta run these streets cause it aint enough for me n I never look back. Gotta keep my mind on money on money' maxima
post the link then.
"The beit midrash is a conversation between equals." - me in the chatroom just now
bahaha I'm not hyper tonight
Clickbank Affiliate Tips - Making Money Online With Clickbank
Finished my Spanish homework!
You're ridiculous! They don't know what they're talking about. LeBron is the best player in the NBA. Period.
That's awesome. I love seeing your work and tweets. Reminds me of Pat C. He would be proud. p.s. I'm one of Edna Cs cousins.
--- this dude is out of control.
ok great! Looking forward to it..
Asking your parents AFTER you already made plans.
Uncle Ben With great power, comes great responsibility.
Rob Lowe said literally on "Who Do You Think You Are?" teehee!
Vegas was great, but my feet were not up to the challenge.
you drag two icons together & it like starts a box
You're Welcome. You should come back to Houston now! OR make that Dallas show the best ever! I will be there for my birthday!
SOMEWHERE..&&ND WHERE YO MAMA AT?...
Kay I'm back assholes aha ^.^
Hi beautiful weather. I love you.
I havent been on this twitter in forever
We finished the d3hotel if you want to take a look at it
are u listening to One Time?
longhorn is the shit!
Thank you for the FF, have a wonderful day. <U+2665>
wait are the Internet tubes clogged today or did you really just send this almost 10pm?
Then Jessie eating apples off of the floor... Karla being the emo one in the group... Lauren... insane... Brandi all hyper... Oh my...
emily_rushing: excellent "AALL Conference - How About a "Less is More" Approach?" this is good advice to #sla2011 #sla2010 too! ...
I don't mind spending time on the person i love. Especially if he doesn't feel good
Obadiah 1:17 KJV But upon mount Zion shall b deliverance, and there shall b holiness; and th house of Jacob shall possess their possessions.
I hate sneezing.
about to leave work. day off tomorrow. what to do tonite?
got my preorder of #kissthesungoodbye <3 and the #undeadheart music video is amazing
We are the hero of our own story
never have I ever worked there
Your such a lier..
Booster bought it. Go snitch. RT : Just got passed by Anthony Davis whipping a Benz. Fishy business.
Getting psyched to shoot a challenging role Saturday...juicy stuff!
We're at the Social Being Social Media Seminar at Comfort Inn and Suites.
Uh oh Sun flares for 2 years.
Anyone have a #chromebook saw an ad for them the other day and am really intersted. The reviews on arn't very good though.
Finally sending a belated birthday gift.
The difference between kinky and freaky: Kinky teases with a feather. Freaky uses the whole damn chicken. OMG I AM LAUGHING SO HARD!!
It's not down. Make sure the specific server you are using isn't down.
WAKE UP!
dat one of recording starts tomorrow!
Please use that to plot migration patterns from US Census data and then share the link again!
Adding content to the new and improved website,look for some sneak peaks of new music from
At work making money
which do u like better? Twitter sucks 4sure
I hate the dentist ughh
Amy will be in Dallas, Texas Feb. 18th and 19th, not for a concert, but for her son's state chess tournament.
Lunch with Steve Cox, President and CEO of the Council of Better Business Bureaus.
Me too- I peeked in the windows last weekend when I was for Easter-egg hunt! (w/ )
Bored af.. Somebody text me
At - We tried cupcakes and toastie slices. M! TGIVegan!
LET'S GET THESE FFs in!!!!!
sigh. melt down.
I really still don't know how to use this damn twitter.Or the new facebook timeline.Or instagram.Or linkdln. Whatev.Im pretty n I can sew.
Happy Intl Women's Day! "Let us reaffirm our commitment to women’s rights and move forward with courage and determination" -
Lunchh then class...:(
I'm at the Wiz Kalifa er I mean the Burj Khalifa in Dubai, UAE -- tallest structure in the world!
Selecting wedding wines at D'Argenzio in Burbank. Unique pours courtesy of winemaker Matt.
Congrats. We'll miss you down the street RT : Happy to be joining Panthers. Hope to show off my leg & be punter from day 1
Don't miss out TODAY! *Tanning Specials* Buy a Tanning Starter Bag for $59.99! Buy 3 Instant Tans for $49.99! Buy 5 UV Tans, get 2 FREE!
15th is what I'd expect. With the Saints O, that's good enough to win the Super Bowl if things go right.
Update on the ARC research project: all the books MATC has on iOS seem to be from 2009. To the Googlies (and the University)!
huge bummer!
Myles i might be wrong but i've thought that from the start. (had to switch accounts from
HEART, JOINTS. FIT AS A FIDDLE. HE FELL MADLY IN LOVE WITH HER AND I CAN SEE WHY HE LOVED HER PASSIONATELY.
U were better 2 me then I've been 2 myself. For me there's U & no 1 else. How sweet it is to be Loved by u. I wanna Stop & thank u baby!
Or ignore my tweet.
thank you Hun for the follow. Always looking forward to meeting new folks. I can see that you are interested in Laws of attr
So Kim K and Kanye had a thing? That would literally be the world's most vile couple.
Your 22, don't have a job and still depend on your parents?? Smh... You're not getting any where like sweetie
#BreakingNews: City of Anderson announces Spencer-Ockomon lawsuit has been resolved. Follow for updates.
dude. I was thinking the same thing!
I saw paola at staples we were like OMG She was asking about and said she fine MEAN too
I KNOW! lol
That thrust justin did , OMFG I cant breathe ^__^
thank you, updating now
You lucky bastard. I really want to go to an anime convention sometime.
lol,well that sucks bro :p
Wish you were on GH. No disrespect, but I love Blair much more than Tea. We all know on OLTL that Blair wouldn't leave Star.
Late night/Early morning working on the contact list for this afternoon.
Attending a piano concert at Saints Peter & Paul Church here in Potomac Md. Honored to hear Mr. Howrani perform the piano this evening
oh cute pigtails!
So we're being asked that if people (according to polling) want return to basics-how do we fit that in the edtech message
damn damn a$ap. goldie.
Why no pool?
Don't sell drugs if you don't have a pistol. Most importantly don't have a pistol if you not gon shoot.
A sun filled #FF to our newest followers!
haha k kinda had a feeling u would lol
"Are cities good or bad for the environment?" Lot's of talk about Pittsburgh, sustainability, and cities.
Are those big mean Bacardi bartenders abusing you??
Gotta be a team player, right? RT : Vampire Diaries fans... We've decided to replace w/
So I get home and there are 10 cop cars on my street! Holy eff!! This is cray!!
Sex Scandals all should face jail time for using the system for PUSSY
I will literally hang myself if Obama becomes president again.
what up big ang?
Why wasn't I ever a Chaser of the Month ????
Suggestion – Ninth, Do whatever builds a connection without making any points.
Happy Mother's Day for all the mother's out there! :D
TONIGHT...Brass-A-Holic Wednesdays at The 12 Bar on Fulton Street!! The rain won't stop us from gettin it in...see you in the building!!!
I'll throw your Qs out to our Braves Live crew and see if I can get some answers tomorrow.
Messi! Pedro! Yawn! Goal number 4. Messi needs to score a few more to ensure the Pichichi.
Thanks for the tip.
I meant to say
Mark your calendars! This month's meeting will be next Thursday, January 26th. More details coming soon!
Fuck Hollywood, I'm moving back to the Shtetl where a Jew can be a Jew once again without the influence of Goy philosophy and practices.
Awesome Town seemed exceptionally awesome this weekend. Next time you're around let me know.
Whew, wildly productive and tiring day at #SCAA2012 a little jet lag...also might be coming down from 16 shots of espresso...CRASH
This week=Lots of: Practicing Trombone, writing Cello Sonata No. 1: Twirl Her, Listening to Sigur Ros, Playing Megaman X and Running.
IM A TRUE RELIGION PHIEN
The reason why alot of people in this game dont make it is because yall so busy hating on the next man.Instead of hatin work on your craft.
thanks, so are you.
As of today, i'm rockin' that
Sex with no head is like swishers with not Kush
Dare we predict an airborne toxic event?
getting a library card is a pivotal moment. it's the first piece of ID you have. maybe first time someone says "i believe in you"
haha ok deal! I will text u soon! :)
completed her food and exercise diary for 06/06/2011
The person who sells shovels has a lot more gold than the person who has to dig for it.
done and retweeted.
I love Rina
20% of all our sales today will be donated to the Japan Relief Effort via the American Red Cross. Hope you can make it.
LL Cool J
ahha and wow how long was it ?? i have a english one on tuesday :/
Aw man Dell killed the Alienware M11x? :( I'm going to see if I can get one when they clear out extra stock.
oh hell yes- love it!!!!
okay okay. God is movin ya! Nice hows the baby?
Going to sing now, at Kelly's at the Town and Country Hotel in Mission Valley San Diego 7:00 o clock show time. Come on down!
They got the whole summer off man. That's how good they are! ha! at least Larry is still in town!
Freaking want sum crab legs!! Lol
but good luck to you!
this country was founded on hate, and survives solely at its altar. Or Mammon's. Which is almost the same thing.
How hauersperger moved me away from today. <<
yeah, too crazy,SMH.
I was so stressed out! The girl i'm replacing is also "training" me and making it *very* difficult. She ended up going home :/
is listening to KRANK by and
: Thanks again for your time today ! It was a really great discussion; leaned a ton!
I should just mercy kill mine it's so mothballed and neglected.
Just wanted to tell you again, AWESOME show in the Bing Lounge today!
Thanks for the RT!! Have a great weekend!
I wonder what else we would find if anyone actually read his damn book. MSM? Anyone?
301 W. Washington St. Right at the corner of Washington and Senate. Stop by and see us.
In typical Vancouver fashion, it's raining. I'm supposed to be loading the car with all my belongings right now, so that kinda sucks.
maybe tomorrow
Thank you very much, Tyler James Hansen, for your support! We appreciate you helping us move this project forward!
I predict #MANCvQPR second half will be Man City 80% possession and completing roughly 600 passes
If I didn't have to work I would be outside looking cute ugh
Oh, you're speaking my language. RT : We are clearing out our cellar. Cantillon 2009 Lou Pepe Kriek special. More to come.
If I had a wiener right now I'd pull it out and pee on this annoying chick!
eating a salad such a trill
Let's go Bearcats!
tip #6. Include whole grains and fiber in your diet. Try breads such as whole-wheat, bagels Spaghetti and oatmeal are also good choices.
people talk big to hide the fact that they have nothing! i apologize my nigga - we'll get em on the 24th!
Hope you heal quickly.
Thx for following!!!
this better be a joke omfg
Lmao!!! You know they need employees.
aight...door will be open
Dear people of Linkedin, We're here to connect. Fill out your profile contact info (email/phone) and we all win. XOXO ~Recruiters
There is a lot to know about Christmas tree safety. Go to oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com or www.oklahomahomerepair.com for more!
#CommercialFREE this hour. Fill in the blank! My favorite song on the radio is _________!!! - Bryan RadioNOW
That meeting just cost me 20bucks. #Pittsburgh parking strikes again. Yinz need to get out here with some paint!
& if one more dude calls me LilMomma , ima SCREAM >_<
This girl wouldnt shut the fuck up and i had no chloroform so i just took my shoe off and held it over her face worked just as well
Does Hazard, Kentucky sound as good to you as it does to me? Damn, it sounds pretty good.
Snagged myself an audition for #Disney's #GetConnected!!!
All i know is that im not ready for this season to end
thanks bud
& , u guys r with ? Is it me or do u get to do all the fun stuff in comparison to ??
making dinner
Lmao! never thought of it like that until now XD
Good job! For some reason I thought we were talking about closet rods though... that's what NessGuyver fixed w/ a belt. ;)
Ah i love this song!
Q4 We read about many different new classification systems in #libraryschool last term, but I think Dewey/LC is so ingrained>>
Rob is the mother. I did not expect that.
our Ability athletes are back from 5 days of Speed Races in Winter Park racing SG, SC, and DH!
My numbers aren't going up...I recycle!
I had to have those too! Feels weird! (but better than a breakup!)
If I have to get a <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089> because got me sick ima be pissed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Not a fan of business travel, but I'm glad I'm going to spend some time in Memphis and California this fall. Not ready to wear jeans yet.
nice write-up on CoffeeScript... the first part about debugging nailed it... sticking with JS
some bitc- female was talking about the Boyz today, he was like "Madison is a girl name haha. Thomas is fat." and I was like 30 seconds
had SO many good scenes like when you gave up Trevor or funny scenes when you married Jake whatever you choose should win
have no clue, I guess I should find out as well, lol
Today's #FullPinkMoon heralds the appearance of the moss pink, one of the first spring flowers. Also known as the Sprouting Grass Moon,...
We are doing a huge raffle on Saturday with some serious give aways. Like there is a lot of stuff to win. Raffle will benefit local charity.
yes, good luck! sounds like a fun gig.
Rise and Grind. Pregame at 11am on
I'm going to hold you hostage in my Christmas room!!!
So great to meet you ! Love what you did with the TLC promotion in NYC today. Enjoy NYC.
What said. RT Just tell me when/where!!
you mean me right?
I had to give up the blog for now. The candle melted.
apartment hunting makes me poop
Beautiful girls, Inteligent girls!
"[D]oing something is what has been done historically." What do you call Occupy movement? The 1960s? Bring it back in spades.
The Omni Orlando Resort will be renovating their guest rooms this summer from July 15 - October 1, 2012.
me too. Have you been on tumblr? That can cure bordum
Watching Dear John
When you sit there listening to a friend talk about how hot she thinks your cousin is knowing she don't know you're related to him, Lol.
: Where is the location?
Dawn what time does your event start tomorrow?
i DM you
Yes, they are and their Commander-In-Chief ain't no slouch either !!!
Every time i listen to motto on pandora, rack city come on. Those my fav rap songs
they are, but no bro's ever made it through the gauntlet.
I love face timing my main man love you bud <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><U+2764>
in end June 11th but then finals and regents -_- wbu?
My baby girl is also 7 months old today. Mommy loves you soo much Leah! #proudmommy (: <33
what about tomorrow, Wednesday? r u back on Old Slip and Water?
FOLLOW ME
You're welcome tweetheart! :)
meg is mad that i told you she was peeing... oops! hehe
hot yoga last night, spin this morning...i will be lucky if i can get up from my desk at the end of the day.
"I'm leaving all of my money to an orchard that will grow edible me shaped fruits."- Mr. Burns
We're gonna Bang you tonight! See w/ & Lando tear up the stage. www.inrareformcomedy.com
hey what's ur email address?
Lollipop Monday's.....improptu performances, celebs, come check it out for yourself!
Wait wtf, my hair is like drying straight... #soconfused haha I have wavy hair?
Why would someone want all those tattoos on their body? That's going to look crazy when you get old
Yo, where my homie at? She's been MIA like she balls with D. Wade and the Heat.
rule #1 I don't do business with strangers...
u r gonna need it! It was so sad! :(
aww I wanna see the roller derby <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
times like this i feel like all i have is myself
talk about a manic monday. it isn't over till a solid workout at !
RETWEET if you are a true believer and #showyourheart for
oh no! Hope you're ok!
Boston here we come...uh oh
I've held the city down for 3 years
I love van/car heat when you first get in..
LOL . you're naughty.. but amusing. They never respond tho. y bother? Phone WBC
Check out the ICSF schedule on neybor.com. Check into sessions to earn badges
accept my request lil sister!
So great to feel the love and appreciation at #thatcamp for librarians.
What happend to your steelers my brotha, oh thats right they got TEBOWED, great game though thought Pitt was gonna pull it off
Going to get a quote on some scratch removing for my car. Yay for pearl white, way to make things 'spensive!
Celery sticks oh yerr
HOT AS HELL!
So much to do in soo little time
Happy Memorial Day! to all Tweeters, stay safe and keepy your heads up. As long as we have our health and strength N E thing is possible.
Worried about toxins and how they effect health? Join us1/11 @ 12 in the Rines...McKay Jenkins speaks about "What's Gotten in to Us?".
Uhm I have no business being ,up this early. Like I won't even get ready for another 20 minutes.
Excited to wear my #Bucky wear to the office tmrw to celebrate #MarchMadness ! #BadgerPride Cc
Ima blow Boom ass up if he keep playin with me !
"But we cant know better until knowing better is useless."
and my response is none of ur dam business lol babysitting is a challenging task..Bottomline is babys are obviously carrying shanks in their
Besides, what's the point of growth for growth's sake, especially if it's at the expense of others?
Why is is so cold this morning!?
Thanks for your kind words. You may quote me but please be sure to credit the publication it appears in too.
Remember when we put counters on websites to let everyone know the lack of traffic we were getting? I really liked the green digital ones.
Thought of our confab about faceblindness when I saw that 60 Minutes would do a story this Sun. Should be interesting.
Try Barrel 44 Whiskey Bar once and you’ll be hooked. Then we’ll see you again, and again, and again, and again.
Today at the library, just call me Jimmy Olsen.
hey there. How ate you?
Surgery then traveling to a conference - just not enough time in the day to get everything done :)
thats the motto lion yoro. (you only roar once)
What are you going to be doing in Nash? I'd love to see you!
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear We're Out Of Weed
I freaking love midgets(:
There needs to be some sort of international regulatory authority on weave/braid hair coming out of China. jeez
What about your existential giggle fits?
you're welcome! Thanks for your email this evening as well!
Romney reiterates opposition to gay marriage, believes marriage should only be between a man and a woman and another woman.
Happy 4th of July!!
Omg he is amazingly funny I'm in tears
loved your Vegas show..can't wait to see u again ! Xoxo
Well the second episode of Girls gets a 95/100 and three gold medals and a MacArthur genius grant all at the same time.
Me, in CQ Today: Top lawmakers back the administration's legal rationale for killing U.S. citizen Awlaki, but some want it made public.
saw it! Shoot the puck contest!
Nothing better than a fresh fade!
I am on a quest. A quest to buy a frisbee.
At The Gym! Becoming A "Super Saiyan"
No Friday Noir for me
I'm going to cry tomorrow..:'( I don't want to get his braces off.! He's so adorable with them! But I bet he'll be even cuter!
yay! How about we repeal the #Chicken Tax, for ONCE AND FOR ALL?!
S/O AngelGE go hard all the from the GOV LN
Dora: "What part did yo like best?" Me: "I liked the part when.." Dora: "I like that part too!" Me: Bitch I wasnt finished
Spring football games today Michigan on FSU on
Looking forward to getting the drink flowing through my veins tonight along with the roids.
for sure he is quite the love doctor!
SEO NEWS: Convincing Upper Management aka Justifying your Existence - Whiteboard Friday
oh yes definitely. Kanye is the authority on everything!
Thanks! Yep, I know! I used to hostess at North in Kierland back in my high school days! :) Love True Food!
Beating #RoyHalladay is always satisfying. Great W for the #Cubbies tonight!
Why can't Taylor shoot? It's driving me nuts!!
awesome job tonight!! :)
45 minutes of weight loss, BOOM!
Eat nothing but breakfast. Cheeky's, Kings Highway, Palm Springs Kofi.
Nba playoffs are starting this weekend !
I'm drunk lol
Not worried, the pack will put up at least 28.
Thanks for the RT and support :-)
I think this extracts jpegs etc. from PDFs but I want the actual underlying page images. Hmm need to learn more about this...
Husband just tried to mute me with the TV remote--he wasn't doing it to be funny, his hand just made the move unconsciously. #i'madelight
For me, '92 without question. It was raw. Still is in many ways. I HATE that shot.
Eminem is King Of Music #RT IF You Agree !
swear I meant weed no blunt lol
hell yeah!
I found the lack of moral rebellion in the Hunger Games book frustrating, until I realized they were probably saving it for the sequels.
No problem, thank you too! If you're into sports, check out our podcast on iTunes, we have a new epi we just finished yesterday!
what are your choices?
watching Ray's FS feed and even they disagreed with the call.
i dont know why you told me to check twitter when you said something that rude. i cant even believe it.
thank you!
Just spilled coffee on me at the office. Dang it.
The organizers met the chartering requirements, and we welcome all groups who have pledged to support
It hurts /:
Ep #12: December 11, 2011 Rob and Ryan lament a remake of 'American Psycho' and discuss the latest Hollywood news, box office and casting
OBVIOUSLY! i also heard there is a crepe truck now with bomb smoothies
What a beautiful day in Austin!
A woman in the U.S. is more than 7x as likely to die of pregnancy-related causes than a woman in Italy or Ireland.
on the radio though >>>> <U+2665>
Is reading "Body of Lies"
PS Is it your weekend yet :-)?
Prefect conditions for whale watching today, saw 2 this morning and 12 this afternoon. Wow the whole fleet is heading back to Alaska
We were hoping to #spottheshuttle outside the office. No luck
I sent one of my best friends a bottle of 28 y.o. scotch for his 55th birthday. UPS "lost it"..which is code for "A great day driving 4 UPS"
ill probably be at panko. but i will.
Its... not important.
Strangers Save Trapped Fire Victim | NBC San Diego via San Diego
No network will do a deal w/sleazy boxing promoter or pay the $$ they want. More $ for promoters/fighters this way #care less
I saw your Arnold shirts at urban outfitters in orange county. That was a nice surprise!
I'm prez #flipclass at #NCTE12 in Vegas. Look me up if you're there. Also be presenting at
you can add to the list.
“: what is the point of tumblr?” let me know when you find out! Lol
Hamburger Helper is never fully ready until the hamburger is ready to accept that it needs help.
you shud do dinner with padma and all the money you get could go to a foundation...I would love to have dinner with you.
Happy First Friday everyone! How are you getting your Art on?
counting down the hours and minutes until Thursday
have sum juice on my behalf lol
Da bulls is John lucas team
Thanks for the RT, Jared; it's greatly appreciated! Let me know if I can ever help you.
those girls are so young!!!
I am not going to stop tweeting you until you follow :)
RT #Warning DM Scam "Twitter might start charging? see this article" tries to steal your password, do NOT click.
Tonight! 6-8 at Like The Spice Gallery 224 Roebling in Williamsburg BK opening of the gallery White XMAS!
Yep. The Heat are going all the way because the refs want it, NBA wants it, and $$$ wants it.
I can't remember the name but it's authentic mexican right off of Harvard Square.
oh yeah! Just made 40 bucks babysiting! :D
Omg cnt wait until I get off
Found a tactful way to tell coworker he takes too long on calls. Hopefully, he'll take the hint and we won't get so backed up on his shifts.
really Tryna to get on the #GATrain at 5:15 put me on put me on
Nothing quite like coming home to two very happy poodles. Ugh, the sloppy kisses! It'd be so cute if it wasn't so gross! Lol
Between takes...cast just chilling for the moment...
I Still Show Love Even When I Feel Hate
<U+2764>RT : Love is not meant to be held in. It's meant to be expressed & shared. Express your love & it will grow. #TDL»
is a force to be reckoned with. Impressive. Energy with substance and accountability.
Don't try to run zip code game on me bih... you from a suburb you joke. I been around sucka.
T2: When I did finally share my story, the positive reaction I got confirmed that I'd made the right decision.
Camilla Belle was my favorite by FAR. your thoughts?
man, that's awesome! Glad to hear it!
Home Ownership and Investment Real Estate: Part 1 - The Wealthy ...
I'm getting a tattoo this week. Hopefully you will like the idea I put together.
At Chipotle havin my favorite meal. With my favorite person
Thank you!
Aww, the sound of battery backups chirping is starting to get on my nerves.
This nigga look like turtle with the shield knock off!
WHOA WAIT WHAT???
What's good y'all..... Guess what we got for Christmas....
Great to see you two at the Fillmore! xo
$476,000,000 and counting... #megamillions This would certainly help the house hunt. And the student loans...
How poetic RT : The heart is the same size as the human fist. This explains why we fight for what we love-Mic Phelps
but when Gates socks Frieze from Xavier it was over
I did it to see how it was... it was awful. The average was maybe 10 levels when it should have been 15+.
Half the way to go
Well ladies and gents, this will be interesting.
not while I'm living =P
on screen literary cabaret: Are we doing what's right for children or Microsoft?
no way you could've predicted all of the Bulls injuries.
OMG. My new Incredible is incredible!
thankz 4 followin me! u so cute! how old r u!
Just played "Just Dance 3" with Sarai. I'd never played any of them Wii dance games. It was so fun!
edim v Kiev!))
a show in Williamsburg, Brooklyn- thoughts?
A man attacked in a train. He says Metro let him down. reports. Near record temps tomorrow and Caps on home ice. News4 at 11
I read a lot of "poetry". It's nice, every now and then, to come across poetry (sans scare quotes). Thank you.
#hicss listening to ricardo gomez talk about perceptions of connectedness in Columbia: libraries, telecenters, and internet cafes
WAIT STOP CAN WE LEARN THEO CHOREO TOGETHER AND MAKE OUR OWN VIDEO
Dear Girls: #FACT You can lose up to 20 Lbs in 1 month using this one odd trick WITHOUT diet or exercise
goodlookin out, Jeremy loves his fans..
Finishing up some mixes.
Yes...which program? RT : would that be sufficient material to go to grad school at ?
Hey ARE YOU FUCKING READY FOR TOUR!?!?!?
Register before June 4, and you can save $50 off of the $200 registration fee by using the code SLA10V.
I enjoy grocery shopping way too much.
It's not even 11 am and we're already over the 11/11/11 meme. This doesn't bode well for the rest of the day, does it....
RT : WOW! What a crazy weekend! Mega downloads coming out of #Italy! Thank you!!
Lmao at everyone's angry tweets<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>thank you #finsdraft<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Indeed, but we LOVE college basketball (we might be a "little" biased)...
Beginning drawing is like my math class but with less doodling
Looking for #syrian teens on twitter to tell their story to american students - know any?
GREETINGS LADY FOLLOW RACHEAL CHECK MY HAIR OUT
bring her to my house shell let you be there I live in the whitest area of new ken lol & If she lets u stay here we can go to cams(:
Thank You For follow me!:)x
Kids carrying big sticks w/ them on the bus
Agreed! Ever had them in the French Quarter?
I need a massage so bad
Finally back at work in sunny LA. Taking bets on how crowded will be tonight...
thank god. If you said no my second choice was Tom Aldana.
H.Koltys,a former judge, created . after his own custody fight to help parents protect kids/avoid problems;check it out.
Don't come at my girl like that pussy nigga RT : tighten up jitt you soft
yes. Shut down before one. My friend thought it was fun. She's not a regular at these things.
it's a change of pace! fun to wake up with folks and have a little fun :)
No matter how nice & charming I may be there's always that look people give me, trying to figure me out!? Why? I'm just a person just like u
great tips....makes.me miss teaching creative writing :)
RT : dont cry in your beer, you'll just be watering it down...
Sounds like a great story.
thanks for the follow! digging your designs! have you checked out our specialty waterbased & discharge inks?
It took us longer to pack. They are only coming for one night and we'll be there all weekend.
Awesome new movie from just screened at Hammer Museum. Best part: trip to Bhopal to meet people they allegedly "traumatized"
The City of San Diego took away at least 20 parking spots in Mission Hills, on Washington St, to put in a bike lane. What do you think?
Damn, them church gigs. Those who pray Jesus pay. Church.
sounds good JJ!
"Standin here feeling like a love struck romeo, all I wanna do is hold you close and steal a little more time, is that such a crime?"
My wife is back home from California. The boys and I survived but I am glad to see her.
You are probably better. :)
no! I'm so sorry!!
praise the Lord that is over....I'm hella confused...seriously....
when ur actions dnt match up with what u say, after a while all I start to hear is bs
What I tell ya boy!!!!!!!!!!!!! Them Giants was the real deal son!
Thanks for the follow Matt!
THEY WON'T DANCE TO GIVE ME EVERYTHING OKAY. I know it would be amazing if they would but they can't cause ADBC doesn't repeat songs.
I still am not sure what the hell these things are. I'm especially intrigued by the encounter in Riverside, CA in the 50s
no i hate gym
Had a fantastic time at #muse2011! Can't wait until next year!
Are there casting calls for "most ignorant MF'as" on Fox News or am I expected to believe its a coincidence?
We have three mobiles and what is it that has my daughter mesmerized? The ceiling fan.
I'm starving..... Damn school!!!! I could be eating if I were at home!
So proud. I suggest iced coffee - so much easier to chug.
watching jennifers body
Electric Daisy Carnival 2012
Ag & life science #librarians here for #USAIN12: didja know that the Am Assoc of #Museums is also meeting here in #Minneapolis?
You'll have to tell me more about your story.
Seeing the Diego Rivera fresco expedition in person at MoMA is pretty awesome, to put it mildly.
What CIA is not an organization of spies?
don't be so glum :) its temporary!
#dedicationtomyex You made me scared to love, and I have missed out on a lot of opportunities. so thanks for fucking me up. :)
What if money was raptured?
none okay <;3
Hope everyone has a great weekend :)
U ROCK:) RT seemed silly buying tix in June but in retrospect so glad I did w all the madness going on,right ?
Get the brussels sprouts. They're insane.
Today is going to be a good day..
FRANK! how are ya? hows the weather and what you got shoved in your pocket tonight? [please don't say my iPhone]
Right before I unfollow someone, I send them a tweet that says only, "fart on you". It's the equivalent of a digital crop dusting.
It takes sacrifice to achieve your greatest goals. Joe has realized the importance of sacrifice during this competition....
you lose?
Yes. We would be interested
did you put those flowers in those urns? Enjoy Puerto Rico!
Thanks for the follow !
"I can't shake this feeling that we belong together." - Robin on her relationship with Barney
you show that picture to her ill show your gf a picture of you in heals
Married with children! Polk high football rules!
Thanks...Happy Mother's day to you too. My mom is so cute...watches NASCAR too...lol!
It always is and Inman never seems to plan for it. Weird!
thanks! lol yeah that would probably be a lot safer for me :)
I'm fine, just having fun tweeting, percolating some thoughts :) How are things there?
dammit! got taken in by this "liquid pencil" by sharpie. it's basically an erasable pen. stupid marketing.
ahh who was your favorite character??? o.O
just did a survey of the group, looks like most of us are gonna go for the bug tastin! :)
- thanx..hope U have an amazing weekend
text me (:
let me look in my magic bag
Can't make up my mind .....cut some bangs or no....aghh decisions
The one day there is no one in the tutoring center would be the one day I don't bring homework
Thank you! We really appreciate all the local support!
Not in the best of moods :/
what u talking about willis??? no way xoxoxox i love u
Great show tonight! Thanks to all that watched our set! :)
hahahahahaha, ai Brian
Haha! Just hope they weren't the first things you found in the hamper.
LMAO! Love it! I need to hear that song again.
“: Chicks 4get all about their man when certain nigga's walk in the room.” Ricky Rubio?
oh thanks :)
Hilarious! So glad I didn't kill you! xx
my laptop took a dive, littlest wont leave me be, forgot sages dry shorts at home when we went to swim class!ugh long day
To decrease information overloud - pick 2-3 task & implement immediately. That's key
</3 im sorry :( I completely destroyed my phone. ://
climbing trees
U are beautiful & classy..stay away from the GHETTO Trash Tami. Let her keep her GHETTO status in that circle.
thanks for the RT!
Put in some work on the revised contemporary this a.m. New direction will allow more development of main male character. This is good.
yup, and are you sure you don't hate me?
Very low scoring first qtr- Cherry Creek up 7-2 over Rangeview. Winner plays Ranch in the final four.
can I have some??
Phoenix Az has fresh cheese curds ! See U Spring Training ! Arizona Cheese Co. !
I agree.
Can you still get email where I've been sending it? I do have some ideas! If not, would you message me with a new address?
Beatriz Lara, Chief Innov Officer: "the difference between the DNA of a chimpanzee and a human is less than 1%, but it is an important 1%."
ur right.... I should just join em
My face hurts.
The Power that lies within you is what the world is waiting for - consider it your contribution ~ Lidy Flom
Lets go
The sound is so good I might cry. Just been to so many shows with so-so sound at best. But this. Yes.
When your older should you cut your hair short? What age is older?
Sometimes we are given more than we can handle. For that we have talk therapy and anti-depressants.
Someone has been heavy-breathing on this conference call for the past 20 minutes and everyone's just pretending they can't hear it.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 92
OMG! There is a potato in the pool
WOW! Tremendous Hockey!!
Almost 2am and I'm still up... Goodnight
little black dress with fishnet and eyepatch
"That's crayyyyy" "She thinks I'm craycray" Okay who decided to eliminate the 'zy' from 'crazy'? To the people who say that....No. Just no.
Car crashes = #1 killer of teens in U.S. 's highway bill doesn't include word 'teen'
You're not "cool" you're just annoying.
I'll not go to sleep until you follow & tweet me something!:] I love you both so much!<U+2661>3
Gtfo! You don't know shit. I've been looking for a job asshole.
Wednesday night is ladies night! Ladies??? Come spend the night with us at
Decision 2012 is more just an election yr. it's turning out to be life changing. Left or right of the fork. Jump! The water is fine.
If all you want to do is make money, the very last thing you need is imagination.
Thank you, I'm flattered! And in such good company, too! I'll be back to #wjchat soon
How is #yououtyoduckassmind trending? Unless everyone is tweeting the same question . . . that must be it.
I hate when hubby is away kmt hence the reason I am up restless at night can't sleep without my freezer
or you could run like me ;)
Trust Your Sensei: The most Intriguing film of the Summer is "Take Shelter".
Some people still have yet to learn .. IDG1F
Who's at our farmer's market tonight? Get anything good? :-)
im a brown cow
Florida Realtor
Formula for loyalty: sense of trust, sense of belonging, greater sense of purpose. kane
We really appreciate the many businesses, venues, and artists we get to work with everyday!
Absolute domination thus far. Shana is super strong.
This weekend has been pretty amazing made me feel like I was a teenager again. :-)
Know when to come in and out of the shadow.
Somebody just called me, growled, then hung up.
hi Mark, yes, will update my profile soon.. looking for a great theme for my twitter right now
Valentine's day will consist of excessive drinking
Happy first winter Snow Day!
JNC in Chapel Hill
thanks for hanging with us in CITYCENTRE yesterday! :)
girl...it will feel good...either way I hope u feel better!!!!;)<3
Wow, congrats on being named MLS Breakout Player of the Year for 2011! You definitely deserve it!
"In addition to its responsibility to protect its SSL and DNS infrastructure, Go Daddy is a frequent target of electronic attacks targeting…
LA-bound for 's baby shower!
I take my wife everywhere, but she keeps finding her way back ~ Henry Youngman
:: great to meet you! good luck on your side of the world!
Is marijuana a gateway drug to gardening?
And now?
I wanna c project X
Don't ask a reporter to advertise you - they have a job to do and it's not to advertise you.
This calls for a stiff drink
This is the fate of those who trust in themselves, and of their followers, who approve their sayings. Psalm 49:13
#MyThoughtsDuringSchool she has a boyfriend and I don't ! I'm going to die alone
Any comment on the rumor that NBC Sports may use their trade exception to acquire you in a sign and trade?
your eyes are so beautiful your smile so contagiouse! <3
I dont like the feeling of not being liked. did that even make sense?
I am so pretty, thank goodness, 'cause I'm not so bright~
You need to make your content discoverable
... but there is no excuse on the planet for throwing your helmet at (toward) an umpire. None, never.
My friend AJ says to me all the time that the best writing comes between giving up and despair.
No, I didn't know you were in LA. Did you move there or just visiting?
I wish I could just sleep all day!
Great opportunity to get seen on a UFC televised card. Millions will be watching. Get your company noticed! Private Message if interested.
I still love PB&J, best sandwich. Not toasted.
"Wow, you totally beat me to it! Not fair!!" - LOL
Thanks, Cathy!
Want to help a student teacher with his #homework? Which part of #stopstealingdreams do think every student teacher must read?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : I guess Pittsburgh is a state now. Oh.
thats good ,,, keep up the good work .. stay in school and stay focus
RT : Sneaks Up Mixtape Artist.... Last Call for Submissions...get at me if you want on...
seems to fit the pound tho
Thats a really good tool bc they can provide you w/ insight too.
LMFAOOOOOOOOOO where the fuck are you going with the fucking braids? ahahahhahaha
The human eye can detect 10 million different colors!
Is the MN #GOP broke? They have some bills to pay and may be evicted. We have the story on the
Hope you know that when it's late at night I Hold on to my pillow tight And think of how you promised me forever
Aplomb - n. Complete and confident composure or self-assurance.
Thanks for following me. Hope you have an amazing day :)
It doesn't matter if you're a fan of the Riverdance or not. Get 10 people to dance the Riverdance for you to shoot. Keep that camera steady!
Oh the people of Walmart..
INGE goes yard to tie it up 3-3!
Week of cardio complete... Back to the weights on Monday!
okayy:) no problem already did:)
The key word is "manage" the top line. Too many people focus on the top line and forget the bottom line. Recipe 4 disaster.
Personal $$$ 101 continues TONIGHT. Take control of your finances w/the help of this 8-week course at Boise. RSVP for your spot 503.916.6139
Vanity is my favorite sin
tell me you're coming to see us and at Analog bar for their industry night Nov 28
Hope you are okay! SO HAPPY you got a TD reception today - you deserve it!!! BIG ((( HUGS )))
We just got yelled at for riding the dirtbike in the neighborhood . Lol . Cheyenne was screaming like a little girl ;D
Watching Harry Potter and the Longest Camping Trip Ever.
Ouch. Rose torn ACL and MCL. Out for playoffs. Easy to blame Thibs, but just a freak injury.
red one definitely(:
RT : People worry, and God smiles.~ Hebrew
Gotta stay focused
I wish! Brody jus get in where I fit in. NH RT NIGGA U A PIMP!
Cards are in the air for our 1-3NLH and seats are going fast! Come on over to get in the action before you get shut out ;o)
no Im not
did you have an urge to herd them and drink?
Driving to Chicago. ETA 8:22 AM using Waze - Drive Social
my apologies...but I'm working. We had a momentary Twitter meltdown. But the ODP tweets are done.
You know something good is brewing when you're excited about going to a meeting. Can't wait to make happen. Please follow us!
UW 33 Michigan State 24...and back to Pasadena..
come to nebraska and follow me
thank you and today i keep forgeting to post it but it will be up today!!
Some body need to entertain me
In the House tonight....Not really feelin it!
Morning All back @ it...9-5
:) me too :) I really wanted to see them!
I agree with most of what you said except for the longer the Magic waits the more Dwight wants to go. It doesn't matter what
they hire anyone to spin signs these days!
Here's to a great weekend! What's everyone doing? Holiday parties?
as they say, "Friends don't let friends drink at Starbucks!" :)
what time on Saturday is the #EuroCup ?
thanks for letting me know we tapped it ;-)
There's something about a smoothie that says, "Oh I'm so full, but I still want chick fil a!"
What are your thoughts on the school merger settlement?
Cool place, huh?
omg . ugh. .no comment
THIS!! RT : I don't say, "He's fine for a white boy." that's dumb. If you fine, you fine, doesn't matter the color.
Could not resist
Should'nt you be dialing?
time for some scotch
Just signed up for great program! You should check it out!
Happy b day jamie!
flip-flops weather still
should text me when he wants to smoke <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Im really happy with how my storys coming out so far c;
Another middle of the night fire alarm. Yep, I live in a college dorm.
North America's Premier Premanent Makeup Artist.
Many corporations offer casino games for the grownups while the kids are playing on the inflatable games
happy mothers day lol :P
when you were yonger like 8 or 10 did you ever think you would be a singer ?
let's go #Lakers I am finally dressed & ready for #MingleMondays w/my bro holding it down
STFU. BELIEVE IT OR NOT. kbyecutie.
got a great shout out last night by Amy Wheeler, introducing the amazing Winnie Holzman.
Check out Twitter!!!
Rough day at work. Very rough. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Ron Wood says Rolling Stones headed back to studio
Awesome!!! So glad we got the Sean seal of approval! Can we put the video on our website? You'll get credit of course! =)
:D Thanks!
lollol I kid, I kid.
are you?
Having a great time at #thematketingexpo Great speakers!!! Mixer at 4:30pm here in Carlsbad!
all the time. So much easier to keep working than transition into home duties
There's this misconception that you have to be all put together to come to God. Nope, not true. He loves us in our brokenness.
damn lol that's alot of tall people!
I don't need a perfect relationship, I just need someone who won't give up on me.
lol that's what she said! ...ok i'll stop...
One's Mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions. #quote Oliver Wendell Holmes
Every day the #VintageReggaeWinterFest draws nearer and nearer! Mark down February 19th on your event calendar
One reason the #Celtics are winning right now: heart.
84 degrees in Phoenix today. And, what am I doing? I'm inside cleaning and working. I think I'll do lunch on the patio.
I forgot I needed that shit off him
totally agree on that one. Grown folk make grown decisions.
I hope u had an amazing bday! It was so fun. Im so honored that u dedicated a candle to ur twitter friends, it meant alot;)
A politician will stand for what he thinks people will fall for.
and he gives himself away with that tweet. LOL. Not to mention the other obvious patterns.
I swear I look so much better right before I fall asleep
I'm mad at all of u
Sorry, I just have to pee..
I wish I'd written this tweet but it's from Everybody in the U.S. except the GOP will spring forward tonight
Just caught the final few minutes of The Voice. Whoa that was powerful! "Nothing without Jesus!"
Capt. Simon Tufts of the USS Defense has spent the day sinking old ships in the Charelstown, SC harbor to block British war ships.
LOVE 's hot red pants on the Morning Blend today!
#ILikeObamacare because I'm unemployed and can't get health insurance. I'm trying to find a job, but most of my interviews are for temp jobs
Treat yourself to luxury!!! Check out our amazing Memory Foam Mattresses!
Is there someone up top I can complain to about getting reimbursed or some account credit due to the months of no signal?
Nice but why is it on the floor?
I dance, therefore I am.
I share a birthday with Ruby?! Bitches be rulin' the 7th of April.
Lol the Man (Torterella) has the personality of Tree Bark... Albeit Angry 1 Word Tree Bark. :D
hmm gym today && then hanging wid Will ( :
Mavs on the 's red carpet!!
Thanks for the #WW! Hope your week is going smoothly.
are you coming to Pickles?
In sunny Salerno,Italy-I'm singing with Salerno Jazz Orchestra on Thu 17th @ Teatro dell'Arte-Big Band,baby!!!
Will be seeing my long lost sister tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
LOOKING FOR THE BEST HOT SAUCE AROUND CHECK OUT !!
Dell Tech Support line SUCKS!
I needed that nights rest!! Feel so refreshed now! Bring on woekouts
RT : Happy Milwaukee Beer Week! (Think it's a coincidence our two-year anniv is the same as Milwaukee Beer Week? We don't.)
I sure am :D
Someone's got a grumpy face RT should have dealt with #OccupyDC by herding all of them into the shack and setting it on fire.
Newark loves u back. Anytime u want to hear what Newarkers are really up against, give a shout. Sadly, aint a damn thing changed
Happy Hours! Thursday at ! Friday at Don't Know Tavern! And Saturday is the big feast at Noble's!
you're starships music video is AMAZING <3
My demand gen team has seriously been talking about how to run a FB dating campaign for me and for a coworker for 30 minutes.
Tons of people are walking around BestBuy to physically handle electronics before they buy - they will still order online for convenience
At White House, Joliet mom calls for Illinois to allow more large families to ... - Chicago Tribune
RT RE: Shane Doan. Once in a while in this hard world, good things happen to good people.
Act like a boyfriend , not a jerk .
"I'm coming back. Write it down in big letters. I'm not going out like this." - Mariano Rivera to reporters today.
Never really paid much attention, but a lot of black girls smoke cigarettes...
#YoMommaSoFat fat that her belly button makes an echo.
its great you are a role model for parents with homosexual and transgender children. I know it was a struggle but your a fighter.
Happy Baby Mama's Day.
lol next time i do my hair and take a picture i will try that!!:) and good night!!:)
very true!!
Two weeks in and never happier to have moved to a BB Bold!
Let's avoid that 6 minute cold spell and remember how to rebound and get out of the Chi with a victory.
Mike Tirico mentioning LBJ without a ring...he should also point out that Jerry West and Oscar Robertson won 1 each.
If the namesake dog at Red Hots is an authentic Chicago hot dog, those people are out of their damn minds. But they're onto something
Circumnavigating Mercer island... Oil changed, late start, pretty day
Oh yeah!
I learned that my work could extend beyond the patient and family. I was able to influence health-care delivery for entire communities
RT : Walker leads Barrett 50% to 44% among likely voters, new Marquette Law School Poll finds. It was Walker 48-47 two weeks ago.
Okay finished Hunger Games trilogy! Need audiobook STAT! Working out with book is much easier than with music!
I hate when people judge what right do you have?
whether you are right or wrong, NeVaaDans get to choose. It's a bit of a worldwide custom, from what I gather.
Thursday night classic. Gotta go win at volleyball, brb
I'm not sure. Let me ask
Michael Bay better not mess up the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Across the country Eve Ensler is making bank today. Too bad she's close-minded about gender or maybe I could have a job.
what about Doc? You think he lives in that conversation?
I know...SMH
ING I just realized the girl who plays ally on remember me plays Claire on lost
Truth! RT : Almost no one I admire more than a great writer
Gearing up and looking forward to presenting to new TCU faculty at the New Faculty Orientation.
How do they not have the stuff to make a cobbler and you in the DEEP SOUTH?
Stupid sunburn. Die<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
he'll no
What if this time I dont say hi first? Or text u back? Or leave u wondering? What if this time U'RE the 1 left feeling completely messed up?
Strawberry Kiwi Juice & Chocolate Chip Poptart , M ;) <333333
you cry too when you watch it? Aww
Im sure gsmes are better after midnight but I just never adjusted my schedule. Im heading back to Tampa monday. And keep grinding HR Tampa.
tune in right now...channel 12/2...my video will b shown
Yew Smell like toilet water
- fixed it, thanks for pointing that out!
...we are finding customers who think so as well...
have fun this weekend! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>
Hi. Please cheer me up? No? Okay :)
Long day, think I'll watch a movie. Feeling privileged as a beta-tester for #seenth.at - can't wait for when it's finished!
I wanna trust #OOMF but I cant
Exploring the Austin grocery store scene with She's giddy, like an acrobat in a mattress store!!!
I'm feeling that today's a morning #onblast #igettooexcited #jamming #BELIEBER #perfect <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00BF><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
RT : will you ever cut your dreads.
Got some great ideas for teaching digital projects at #thatcamppenn, kind of wish I had used some into the class I'm on my way to teach now!
Just some classic rolls
Really don't wanna be up this early >.<
Hey fellas... I'll be playing you on my show on Monday. Saw you'll be in Dallas 6/1. Want to come in studio?
What's it going to take to get some sleep around here #toothache :(
Meet w/over 40 recruiters from the broadcast industry including April 18 in Vegas
thanks so much hun! Have a wonderful Sunday!
Took an ambien and now I'm hallucinating. Fun shit!
It's only Tuesday and were already looking forward to Friday & Gather your friends & lets party DM us for tables
cute pic, love your style Jeffree, you better work it
Always tired after lunch, even if I dont eat
everyone should.
Good conversion!
That is the 1st time I have had someone hang up on me because we done have a grand piano for public use.
Tui gets in the shower when I get out and tries to catch the drips coming from the faucet lol such a weirdo
Work work work
I FUCKEN LOVE THAT SONG! .... NO LIE(:
Hm. Two excellent comedy shows + rub elbows w/ the talent at workshops and meals. Like compressed summer camp for comedy nerds...
Congratulations to our very own DAN ROOT on his victory at SHOGUN FIGHTS VI tonight. Come celebrate with us and the SEXY LADIES TONIGHT!
LOL that works too": That's very very true!!! Don't hold a grudge stay up and plot revenge!!! Ha ha"
Big Show went out like a sucker. Shame. Laurinaitis is a punk hoe.
I know we all want essentially the same things. A clean state with opportunities for our kids.
yep, love how WI is the center of gravity there - look how its influence spreads! (spoken as a packers fan)
Bouta get ready for work..... Sad to see my bestie leave :(
Smart people learn from their own mistakes. Smarter people learn from the mistakes of ot
:) RT : Ok I gotta go now. Goodnight! <3 & btw thank you for following me! :D
Pirates already won the series against the Nationals. I'm sure this will mean nothing later on though.
Glad you had a good time! We will be holding plenty of events like this coming up! As we get more of them I will let everyone know
Uh, Facebook? I did not ask to have "trending articles" put in my timeline. And I don't want them. Take them out.
DO IT!
What's in the Bxx? WHAT'S IN THE BXX!!!
Are all of your menu items #soyfree and #vegan?
I'm saddened by watching my extraordinary renewables colleagues retreating from the industry, which is under assault from the LNG boom
#first40songsonshuffle 18. fall out boy - of all the gin joints in all the world
Live music for your SF and Bay Area weddings and corporate events: jazz, swing, blues, Latin, standards, classics & more! TomShawTrio.com
Will this be announced by email or fb/twitter next time? thanks!!
yes! Mention anything like that, totally helps
Shot for me-drake=amazing<333
Dear chocolate, Goddamn you. Sincerely, Kevin.
I love Pocoyo.
Thanks to everyone who attended my #ebookhorizon webinar today! I really appreciated seeing all the tweets! :)
I'm not a lady-parts doctor, but I'm pretty sure that Rhianna has either a UTI or a yeast infection
yes, yes I have
hi! thanks for the #LIAL11 see you in boston!
I think is creepin lol love him he's so sweet:)
Have the Bucks announced if they're still doing Andrew Bogut bobblehead night on April 9th?
Still haven't opened my backpack yet. If only fontbonne didn't have homework....
Hey man - I saw you going back and forth with a certain ed pundit on KIPP and realized we should connect.
Committee members want to make sure proposed parking structures are not empty.
Shout out to and for supporting my love of the sax.
you guys work with boston models??
good morning to you hun! It's raining and a bit cold! You have plans for today?
I live like off eastmain but I be everywhere sometimes
My plan for this week is to assemble my first QAL blocks. Can't wait to see the finished quilt top.
Good morning Twitter friends!! I hope you all have a wonderful day!! Going to make some tea and get this day started!!!! :)) !!
except for minor heart explosion
Effin Christ. Gotta get off this late night snack habit.
Kickin it here at the house, waitin till 5 p.m. For practice.
I am registering for summer classes. I will get my degree eventually. I WILL!
Happy National Nutrition Month! What’s your best nutritional tip for the masses?
Flatland, you suck.
Clear alcohols are for women on diets. --Ron Swanson.
Sitting here with an empty stomach, i also notice so is my heart.
I got 2nd place man.I was rite there.lol
Quick shout out to my cousin Mazol Tov on the new job.
unc made 11 three's an still lost
look at you tryna look cute nd stuff lmao tried.
Sunday's are so depressing
I thought you didn't use twitter, missy!!
Lipstick and Lace now offers gift certificates! W.lipstickandlacemakeup.blogspot.com
I'll be the everything, to your nothing.
I really wonder what the hell people think. Please don't underestimate another's intelligence
Pulizzi: Without transduction, narrative vacillates between biological and technological artifact.
You don't love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear.
Chick flicks always get in the way of homework.
OMG...that sounds outstanding!
When a girl says "WHAT?!" It's not cuz she didn't hear you it's cuz she's giving you a chance to change what you just said
Thanks for the follow!
Today: PHP DomDocument win, Tenants in Action meeting w/ , pushed updates; grading; taught #IML400; met with local HPOZ
Thanks! Great to see you.
Nike shorts!!
So tired..
Tweets are due on Monday. We also just finished ch 12 yesterday. Review on Monday optional, no class Wednesday. :)
#20ThingsAboutMe 14. My oldest brother was born 1972. My nephew was born 1991. I was born 1993...yeah....
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY CAKES!! ENJOY UR DAY!!!!
oh that sucks
#Thanks to all of our followers. Nearly 200 of you on less than a week. We're gaining support quickly and #loving it.
Shirt credit for today goes to !
Why do I always eat #junkfood when I'm at the airport? Sugar high!
Thanks! It was great. Have you had a chance to visit yet?
Schools teach you how to work for money, but don't teach how to make money work for you. ~ Robert Kiyosaki
I have iPad...is Xoom better??
Now I gotta go to work and listen to this bullshit! SMMFH
Good luck! We <3 our
I come home the 7th but then I fly back to Tokyo on the 13th
Does Burress remember his article from pre season bashing Giants and Coughlin ?
Haha wow their hahah oh god now I can't stop lauhign see I didn't even spell it the right way cause my hands are shaking :) !*)
its gonna be a GREAT Show. See u 2 night.
Phinney Ridge's Cancer Lifeline raises $235K at annual luncheon, to provide support/services to cancer patients/families....
Hey, the outdoor farmers market is back today. Hello, summer.
I 3 hour final, in a room with no electricity...
More than anything, So fall when you're ready baby, let our kiss count the moments & our hearts set the pace.
This whole not talking situation and pointless arguing with Chip is aggrevating af omg.... -_-
Breaking Bad: free gift with every purchase of meth cook.
Happy new year KJ!
Tonight it's you on my speakers, with Whatcha Say, my favorite. I love u Jay <U+2665>
ima get mine wrong or right right or wrong fuck wit me i will take yo life thats why i got to tell the whole truth
I had a great weekend and a great teacher in
DINNER IS IN THE OVEN!!!! *DaKota MERCINARIES VP*
Take a look at the bright harvest moon at sunset tonight. (It allowed farmers to work late past sunset.)
RT : Always tough when you have to leave your family for a period of time.
Prepping for the WSU #BracketBusters game with coffee instead if beer. This 11am game time is weird.
Up bright & early to work the info booth at Walk the Watershed this morning!
Baking my feelings.
Congrats to 's on his first #SX title!
Hey there! Trying to keep up with #sschat. I seriously learn more in an hour here than I did in all my teacher ed!
I'm gonna to cheer when my likes reach 50 finally!!! Been a long trek getting there.
Sex Advice: When giving oral sex .... NO TEETH!
actually the CEO and Founder did. He just watched it for the first time ever.. It was amazing
You ought to attend our Eye Opener Series. You'd enjoy them. Can I add you to our mailing list?
Thanx for the #FF's! Back at ya! Hey #follow here
We Mahomies are all differt people. But one thing we have the same our love for Austin! <U+2665><U+2665>
CAN'T MAKE IT TO HUSTLIN' STEAKS OR JUST, DO NOT WANT TO LEAVE YOUR HOUSE? HU$TLIN' STEAKS NOW DELIVERS CALL 215-877-1906 HUSTLIN STEAKS
The mid 90's Spiderman cartoon had a pretty sweet theme song.
Hell na I don't want to #kickit, #hangout or #chill w/u. I kick it w/my peoples, my fam, my friends.Try askin a woman out on a #REALDATE. JS
Dear NFL Draft: If I wanted to watch 30 minutes where I already know where it's headed, I'd watch a Seinfeld rerun.
Hi, this is Jessica w/ regarding the manufacturing facility. Please contact me at Thanks!
I'll make sure it's your favorite flavor! :D
I'm assuming you though i was talking about the Underoath thing, but I was actually talking about the free music :P
I have such a massive boner right now.
I’m coming straight for your heart I’m bringing light to the dark It’s gonna catch like a flame Everything’s about to change <3
so do you use mustard or ketchup on that type of infestation?:)
Headlines by Drake
Looking for #event space? MiamiShared's got you covered! Email for more info!
Thanks! We love the super-soft no-feel too!
while you're at it, it's the same here....lol
Anybody else thinking this is impossible? Just outrageously impossible?
got it. and got it :)
#HowCanYouExpect there to be food in the fridge after you just checked 5 minutes ago and it was empty lmao
Women aren't just a "special interest group" to be considered. They're over half the population.
i've never considered myself a speed demon until i moved to LA. you guys are maniacally sloow
I once had the opening song to "The Buggs Bunny Show" running in my head for a month. "...on with the show this is it"
I want a dog named Monkey.
Every tomorrow has two handles. We can take hold of it with the handle of anxiety or the handle of faith. -Henry Ward Beecher
you all fucking annoy me with your drama and it's gotten to the point where i would rather stick needles in my eyes than come on twitter.
so you are saying you are human
Him and no one else
Rehearsals for Our House have started!
at the mall (:
I wish I ordered one of your 6pack lunch boxes. I have to pack lunch for a 12 hour track meet for John & I
Definitely, DM us with an email address and we'll be in touch :)
Who all came out to the show Saturday hosted by !? What did you think? Favorites?
lol i know, now they get smart. -___-
O___O it's my birthday
HEY DONT GIVE UP :)
Hahah well starting Tuesday, you'll be seeing a lot of me at your casa. Don't get too excited!
My computer and I have reached our capacity. Time to unload and refresh!
I want Pizza, Breadsticks and Minute Maid Canberry Apple Raspberry juice
There's a Hello Kitty-themed hospital in Taiwan.
"Who's planing Mike Kelley retrospective? Nothing launches an artist into the cannon like suicide." "It is the ultimate artistic...thing."
I lost all respect for ihop...
Dont feel like going to school
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 27
I just noticed my iPod got scratched when I dropped it in the morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
I'm in impressive company for my presentation at Javits Center on June 12 @ 6:20pm on Healthcare in the Cloud
I guess a 30 minute nap is helpful :D
Hopin' my man BUCH is tearin' it up for the "Yays and Nays" of the Guitar Endorsement World.
& I are SO BUMMED we are not at #SourceCon. Show us both some #sourcecon love need good notes/tweets!
I hope we're all feeling better by Christmas, it's been a yucky week
Wishing my apt building had an elevator right about now
bella cant you follow me please.
Amazing PAID summer #internship opp @ Universal McCann SF - Knowledge Management/Innovation. Please RT & DM me for details!
Interesting comment from that they r looking @ buying SR125 toll road. Didn't know it was in bankruptcy.
Kimmel: "To me Ron Paul looks like the same guy who's unhooded at the end of every Scooby Doo episode"
Create your own topical directory about your field of interest
Another reason for the D3 model across the board. D3 allows the student-athlete to self-release.
Falsehood always has a powerful verve in the minds of those who do not possess the facts!
Welcome, Sia! Glad you could make it!
Writing a Prayer for Financial Healing today (('cause don't most of us need a little financial healing!)
Listening to "Dance With Me Tonight" in my car, and the car next to me starting dancing to it and gave me a thumbs up.
You're most welcome darling.
actually I think scala is included in the functional languages meetup that hasnt meet due to no one proposing time & place
QPR should be happy to give us corners, we never do anything with them
I want an android this time.
can I ask you guys a personal question?
haha you'll sleep like a baby
Ha, thinks I know a lot about "White People." Fantastic, my plan is working to perfection...
Jus ready for that day...
10-13 feet predicted by Surfrider site tomorrow a.m. at La Jolla Shores of all places. You there?
#coffee...the Great Elixir!
Yes, it's for Octoberfest... will be changing soon. PS-We've had Pliney The Elder, we just don't have it right now. Stay Tuned.
Anyone want a free $30 of store credit to #DTD? Retweet this and follow for your chance to win!
Thanks for following back. Much Love & Peace to you. Stay On Your Vibe.
You guys are putting out a vinyl? Also, who is engineering?
You probably wouldn't worry about what people think of you if you could know how seldom they do. Olin Miller
1 MIN LEFT
I bought nexus gear homie not corre stuff
Sitting here trying to think of some shit to type
dont hate. I'm not a fan, but dont be a hater!
I want my future boyfriend to name a star after me..omfg that's so cute<3
Hell yeah!!!
Good point. Didn't realize that. Even more reason to end it quickly.
yourweekleydose haha no, that would have been pretty awesome to inherit a beer pong table though.
That seems like a crazy marketing scheme.
another sunny day in San Diego
Come on Horford, you're better than that
thx for the follow, we're working furiously on the next great Cloud App Platform for building enterprise cloud apps quicly & easily
Broke up With my girl last night so I went to the club
wasup you are cute
I'm so territorial when it comes to someone I care about
Just got a car for an early birthday present. Not a cool car but its a car :D Can't use it ti'll i get a permit though :L
Andre with the spin cycle
I'm great. Acting. So is my brother. Have I not seen you since the Jr. Formal when you went with my sister? haha How are you?
heyy can u send me a downloadable link for that beat u sent mee??
S/o too iloveya name :)
Don't feel like being in the house<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
www.jw-imports.com - specializing in South African wine imports! Yum!
#MomentWhen you Do stuff for you and nobody else =)
Damn you, free lunch and delicious-looking pastries. Don't you know I can't eat you this week?
Need hair models!!! send natural hair pics to deadline march 30
YOU are #bananas ! see you at five ;)
Ah! one of those days..this slipped right by me...next time!
not a chance
"Live in your strength." - My "Yogi" tea bag quote.
RT Happy birthday ! Good luck at the !!
Anticipating #EPIC leg workout in the a. m.
okay, thats cool.! :)
Playoff time lets goo
my phone sucks. by the time the call id shows who's calling they already hung up smh
why would you ever want to change the rules? everything everyone has ever worked for has gone to waste..
sampling tomorrow night 7PM! Featuring Brad, Riverwest, New Grist, Fixed Gear, IPA & Bridge Burner!
RT : RT : "General Washington & President Lincoln" appear at St. Paul's N.H.S., Sat., Feb. 11, noon-4PM...
i did, so you better.
once u get a grasp on wut life is really all about... living it won't be as hard...
Hey your personal #drupalcon sponsor slide was just up
I can meet with you at 1:30 today. if that won't work, email me three times that work this week.
A peek behind the food scenes at the New Orleans Jazz Festival
I'm on an unsubscribing rampage. The ticketmaster email sent me over the edge.
haha I like that songs
Happy Cinco de Mayo to my familia!
Rivers is a beast, this chargers game is great.
Harrison Ford sighting in #DC yesterday
Just informed the TSA that the radiation from their body scanners makes me turn into #theIncredibleHulk. That didn't go over too well. :D
Very cool. I travel down to the city every other month or so. I'll probably be going sometime soon. I'll keep you posted.
hold down the power button and the home button together for like 10 seconds
We want to know your favorite new hairstyle! Feel free to post your favorite on our wall!
Our Hero just wants to be your food buddy, Noah.
Rodgers, times have changed. I'm clearly biased but Brady's lost a step, it's all Rodgers now.
My coworkers are a lil concerned I wore my hockey mask to lunch on this Friday the 13th
I ask for water and I get another PBR... LMFAO
please teach Brock a lesson! Hes a total jerk! My 7 year old nephew is ur biggest fan and hes gonna be rooting for you tonight!
destination: reached.
S/O To :) #TeamBeautiful Watching Your Grandma's Video On Facebook Lls! But I Miss You <U+2665>
THE BANJO is silent tonight: RIP Earl Scruggs. Thank you for sharing your many gifts.
freakin I'm tryna retweet yo stuff and it won't even let me!
We gotta Power...!!!
Just walked into Hollister and immediately remembered why I've never been in one before.
Had a Nice Day Today. Idk Why It Seem Like I Only Get On Twitter At Night.
Will you be at CIL again tomorrow? and I will be there and would love to say "hi" and share some news
Its been a long night of praying and miracles..time to rest.
hey so um you are P E R F E C T <U+2665> . NO MATTER WHAT EVERYONE SAYS!!!! kbyee (: oh & ilove u . <U+2665>'
I should've skipped school
I love your attitude Mocha
To all who are and have served in the US Armed Forces, your courage motivates us. Thank you.
Glad you all enjoyed the event last night. Hope to see you again soon!
Check out our newest photo album on #facebook at www.facebook.com/crzroadtrip! We had a great time on our trip to #Auburn!
I agree about show! I love her!
RT @ neenjames #NSA -nj it was nice meeting you.
Making a dent
Paula Deen is still my favorite cook! m....everything in moderation
Another #snow day! I wish I was still in school in #Philadelphia! Today's clue is coming after noon, tomorrow is #prize day yay!
Are you an entrepreneur in Milwaukee? Join us tmrw at 7:30p on the roof of !!!
free mini cupcake?!? I'm so there!
What a game!
Not in the greatest mood ..
Great day for the Austin Food & Wine festival! Looking forward to mingling with some great chefs and sampling their works.
:)) your welcome but its a cool Avii
Studying for Romeo & Juliet...
On my way to the gym get my work out on!! Check out my facebook page handmade hair accessory!
I never stay up this late on a school night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
pretty sure I saw you at Potbelly, I work there! How was it?
Mark Reynolds has more home runs than Albert Pujols this season. Eat that.
I only lie when I need to keep our love secret. <3
leggo I need the friday flyer up ASAP... let's get a phone conference going.
I'd probably hope that my automated job search email from Monster, Careerbuilder, Indeed, etc. would pick it up.
Headed to the cowboys game!
Every time I log onto twitter Nick crazy ass talking bout something lol
It never fails there is always a weird person at the laundry mat when I go. Thank goodness I don't have to come here often.
i wish hockey had more exposure too. But nascar is a huge sport. Big time $. Nascar blows out hockey. Golf is a trillion $ industry
Fuckin mad nigga in this school don't no how to stop fukin with people cuz they don't hve shit else to do
New Music Coming! Yessir!!!
i would do anything to sleep for 1 more hour... i got 3 hours of sleep last night.
tell me how it goes
they are. but only if you like me. otherwise, you're fired.
juliiee text me
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber 94
Off to start training at Public Outreach.
Quickly becoming one of my favorite times of the week
#oomf was on Skype last night licking his fingers then rubbing his nipples lmfao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
circle a shape ha ha
Awww yeah...SAXAppeal on the air now! Georgetownradio.com, click "Listen Live"
imagine me and you, I do...... not
I wanna stay up all night doing nothing with Luly.
: I'm in for a tweetup at
Bottle of red and ready to rumble. Heading to Miss for some fine dining and a likely dance break.
I love sarees your so beautiful
that's awesome! Did he drop the stick first or was that a double 3 goggle while holding a lax stick (skills)
Saw u @ House of Blues in Hollywood, CA back in 2000, a Black Elvis Christmas. rocked wit u. That was the shit.
We're looking forward to the summer solstice next week. The Sun #Tarot means higher awareness. It enters Cancer, the Chariot, perfect drive.
U say ur not gonna fight cuz no one will fight for u
RT : “#MarchforBabies walks are a slam dunk event for anyone who wants to help give babies a healthy start,” said Shaq....
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection. -Buddha
++++»always has great tweets
Heyy are you doing the Stickam chats in Sundays?!
Great run... but the pit stop? :( RT Excellent 6.5-mi run, complete w/ pit stop behind undisclosed tree along river
haha! Down I've never been on a Thursday. Should prove most enticing.
We love your profile pic! Stop by our booth and grab one of our Mobile Tag buttons. (We're in the technology section booth #911)
Psycho is a pretty good Mothers Day movie. To me.
Excited for tomorrow! :)
believe in yourself and there will come a day when everyone else will have no choice but to believe with you. -Annalisa :p
RT : Free comedy show & pizza tonight at 9 w/ Sean Donnelly, Calise Hawkins, Matt Wayne, Chris Lamberth & More!
A man period? It's when like.. when you're being an asshole it's just an excuse to be an asshole.
I appreciate the passion. I got your message. Hopefully this is something we can do in the future. More tweets won't help:)
thank you sweetheart<U+2665><U+2665>
well kevin at least she cares
Answer Your Phone While Skiing With These Neva Ski Poles [VIDEO]
ooh excellent, I'll be on later.
Disgusted the horrid accusations now look like they're true. #Dupedbybetrayal RT : you are impressed with denial? odd.
I heard it was your birthday. Hope it was a good one. Keep on keepin' on!
Anytime you want to talk ...
Isn't it amazing how the right music will relax your muscles and ease your tension
If your tired of doing the same shhh every day then change it dont sit back and wait.....
ShoutOut to you should follow her ! :)
Glad to hear it!
What a way to blow it
totally looking forward to next fir.
“Fuck them is what I say, I hate those e-books. They can not be the future… they may well be… I will be dead, I won’t give a shit!” - Sendak
"ORDINARY people are used to make EXTRAORDINARY differences." ~ S.M.W. ...Let YOUR PURPOSE be CLEAR... it is YOUR DAY... it is YOUR YEAR. ;)
I love how many Syracuse fans are still talking about the Wisconsin game.
and to top off a horrible flight, they got the golf clubs, but lost my clothes... hopefully i can fit in my bros suit for cousins wedding!
thx for the follow....
GET WELL SOON MAMA I LOVE YOU
m.... i have brownies waiting for me at home. now that you mention it, i might need to stop for some ice cream :)
so I've decided that I need to start tweeting again. regularly. I think my faithful 15 followers are getting sad haha!
Hi Sammi, we're glad you enjoyed your meal with us! Follow us for special Twitter/Facebook deals! (you can tell your friends too;) )
Craving #siracha on a Hawaiian pizza.
thank you so much! I need positive energy right now
Lust fades, so you'd better be with someone who can stand you.
Nothing much, final year of school :) have a son now, so nothing much! wbu?
Certified in Public Health (CPH) exam approaching rather quickly! Study or wing it?
I've heard good things about it...I've been to P.F.Chang but not Peter Chang.
<U+E106><U+E106><U+E106>all mines lol
Quantify it in relation to 225m and legend status.
Maybe I should wear dress shirts and ties more often.
America, time to cut thru the BS and get People back to work. I will any candidate how in the housing market. Americans can work now.
Taxonomy Division accomplishing great things after only nine months!
Law&Order SVU
The last 20 seconds of Happy Endings just made me laugh so hard!!!!!
hey community! How's STEP working for everyone? I keep getting timeout errors :/
“: This is the time of year I start debating whether sleep is more important than the playoffs. #NBAPlayoff #MFFL” Nuggets!
I'm all for Santa but lets not forget he was trespassing. With intent of B/E
Okay, I have decided that I am going to see both Think Like a Man and The Avengers this weekend.
Its snowing and its only october
I will when my arm is better
Hugo's hwy 100 Franklin. Jakob's Pub is in the lower level. Used to enjoy the place.
are you still playing golf??
<--- Beyond LIVID
bullshit news always seems to find me. glad im kickin it with all the homies tonight.. smh
merry christmas too :]
why arent ya'll following ??....... I'LL GIVE YOU GUYS A SHOUTOUT TO MY 913 FOLLOWERS!! TELL ME WHEN YOU FOLLOWED HIM!
Nice to see that the #Caps goal horn sounds just as terrible on television as it does in person!
ee2 is able to demonstrate better perf than existing core ee, api surface area has been quite the debate.
Raven from that's so Raven is lesbian???!!! WTFFFF
Hug a random librarian. Buy them a drink. Tell them that their tweets inspire you.
Nor should you have - flawed logic! Boo, Advocate. The only 'mos in SLC are Mormons
#ToriandDean will patsy stay till Hattie is 1or will u stay longer
NO SPOILERS. But we can talk it out offline.
I feel like I'd be sketched out being next to Lady Gaga. She's so creepy
": If you could have but one thing in life in endless amounts, besides money, what would you want?" - Honest, caring human beings.
Wine = Sleep.
Oldie but goldie! Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
For our next podcast, and I discuss marketing (good movies marketed poorly & bad movies marketed well). Any suggestions?
i need a true RIDE OR DIE... fam. wont even ef wit a nigga
I'm starting to get used to my new healthy lifestyle! The first couple months killed me! Lol. Now, not to bad! Peace<U+E011>
Can't wait for #drwho series 6. Finally coming around to the 11th doctor and Amy Pond is growing on me. April 23rd cant come fast enough!!
on another bright note, the #yankees are winning :)
We thank Deborah Richmond for bringing to GulfCoast students the wisdom of the Jewish Foundation for the Righteous. Her students r fortunate
just watcher ur guys battle - wow brought chills to me and tears to my eyes. Wonderful
Worked today. Working tomorrow. Apparently, my neighbors are PISSED. Wait. Ok. It's cool. They aren't pissed about my work schedule.
if you lie to others u also lie to yourself... just be real
1 day i'm going to be a millionare. The Lord didn't call me to be busted and broke. nope not I..maybe you
& Jewish Volunteer Connection became #OpOliver's newest volunteer groups today.
Campaign fun! Phonebanking this evening @ 5p & our MEGA-WALK Saturday @ 1030a. Join us & bring real representation to Irving! 2912 MacArthur
Create a WOW!
not me :'( but maybe some day you will come to Canada ;)
I Laugh In The Face of Nutritions
that's what I'm hearing.
Having one child makes you a parent...having two makes you a referee. TIE YOUR TUBES!!!
haha oh yea;)
I'm a bit disturbed by my attraction to Tommy Hilfiger menswear.
Long day at work... I need a drink
"I can't decide where to preorder from"
wow, has a lot of energy, especially for a Vegas morning
running on a treadmill >>> running on the road. Especially when it is 90+ outside
BEST TWEET EVER FWD: : 10 I love u and care 4 u and u do the same 4 me
Never thought I would say this but I need some shopping advice.
You are your thought...think with caution
Everything is edible, some things are only edible once
the walters has started publishing exhibition histories for 5,000 art objects. people look, interested, sometimes buy...
North Ga Stamped Concrete We Do Patios Pool Decks Driveways Etc Give Us A Call www.ConcreteGeorgia.com Thanks
Thanks for the CRE weekly!
RT : Republican state Sen Pam Galloway reportedly plans to resign from the Senate today.
Haha, I think I've given out 3. Does anyone even #Bump anymore either?
Midnight. Jeez time flies. Goodnight!
Actually your account is active and has been since that day. Did you try to log in?
I think you're intentionally coming while we are gone. you should stay an extra week and just hang out.
MusicalStop.com The one stop shop for All Indie Artists! !!!!!
I am thinking of starting a blog with my translations of ancient Greek and Roman smut. Talk me out of it.
Bahahaha. That would be funnier if it wasn't true....
ALL FANS SHOULD HAVE SIGNATURE :) we can do that! ^^
Juries in a bit
WI Scholars rally late to beat Milw. Young Legends at Chicago Spring Classic. Homestead's LaMonte Bearden played very well.
Every thinks tht they should be perfect for a guy; but all of us girls r perfect inside & out</3
This day couldnt get any worse can it ?
I'm bout to stop claiming Memphis I'm changing my name to Bartlett ten Ken
are you hehe and same here babes I will come next week though we having a few drinks and am I sleeping next Friday babes x
Princess ladyfriend playing a last min show @ Merchant Cafe in Pioneer Square Saturday night! We's gonna tear it up!!!
Shid Was Good G!
And yes Im talking to you bruh! U bold enough to say u the best, I have something to say about that. Yup!
Thx! RT: Osher Center at UCSF opens, giving alternative medicine a new home
cool. So wat are u doing?
Remember your College ID tonight. No IDs + No Free Chicken = No Fun!
want another speed rack? We have one that we don't use. $75.
if a bra is called a "over the shoulder boulder holder" then is men boxers called" under the butt nut hut" ? Lol
LOL so true. Im a big fan of Spike Lee's movies. Do The Right Thing is my favorite. He also did Tales from The Hood
RT "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" is over. Don't confuse w/Obama's economic policy-"Don't Ask, I Don't Want To Talk About It."
your mom isn't bad!
I had a dream last night that I was sitting behind Malkins parents at the Pens game. I dont know what that means really...
Im about to make some
Random Pet Peeve of the day: People who use two spaces after a period.
Hey, where you at today?
lol what? I wouldnt doubt it, but id love a link to toss around twitter :>
The rest of the field is determined by the NCAA's objective Pairwise rankings system and sent regional sites
I love 'Take Care' by and !
enjoy your reviews-got the HTC Vivid..i cant see the display outside in daylight.glare.skyrocker better? opinion btwn the 2?
Mountaineer love in section 18, row S, seat 5!
Going to my dads office #boringashell but then goin to applestore.. bye guys need to buy some things
AIRBORNE ALL THE WAY!!!
In this case, ecclesiastical parishes pre-1837.
The princess walked in just to take more attention, 'cause after all, well isn't that all that I've been after?
I Need Sleep.
Okay, I've already lost money on Facebook.
Thanks! Pretty pumped!
Alternating weekends between New York and Chicago. Gotta love summertime.
its a good job not many people from other countries dont see the munters on kyle if they did we wudnt have a tourist industry
We are located at the 215 & Tropicana exit, across from Walmart shopping center.
Ik they say mahomies dont hate on anyone, but if u say Im not a mahomie cus I hate on the haters then ur wrong, I'd take a bullet 4 Austin..
Very interesting day already...never a dull moment around here
Happy Hour from 4-6pm! Enjoy 1/2 Price wine, beer & sushi! Happy Friday!
Man ... SMH ... I can remember when folks wanted power ... Sayin What they would do when they got it ... Well Guess what ... SMH ...
Just watched In time!! Really good movie!!! Is so hot!!!!! :D
Sorry about that. See you next week!
Celebrating Daddy's bday at the #SaltLick with , friends and family!
Im 0 for 2 on romances with fobs. Bout to get benched back down to the minors
in the archival community this type of incident is known as "benevolent data loss". like when (thank god) the Smashmouth masters were lost
I love You!!
Wow... Some of those pot-heads had really elaborate signs, they must have had their coke-head friends help make them!
ok so has everyone seen the #Avengers by now??
First softball game! #leggoo (;
What's up there Butter nuts? RT : Hey there fruitcake, what's going on with the podcast?
We're here w/ & learning about the Spring 2012 Partnership for Parks grant program!
How Much I Work This Week <<<<<<< BUT The Money I'm Gonna Make :))
Universe, you've been swell. Really, just the bees knees.
oh no po! Sit and down with a bucket of kfc and some dave chapelle
Sounds fun
My shit better get in today or imma be so pissed. I've been looking forward for this merch all week!
RIGHT!? First round on me :-)
Thanks for following my twitter. Let's help make that positive change!
Thats not how we do that missy , lol we keep it professional
me to
#FF Lets have some fun today. Happy Friday
Please Follow
Digging through a competitive review of HD video cam manufacturers. Amazing to see the wasted marcomm dollars.
I was bout to tweet something but I forgot what it was just that quick smh
Staying in touch with my ratchet side
well, maybe a bit less now that I'm up. Where are you headed?
I miss the bourbon at Bourbon House! I mean, crab fingers...Yeah. That's what I meant.
Congrats to Gill Warner (Tulsa office) who closed 2 Walgreens totaling $11.5M last week!
Nah, i'm in LA for a few days before tour starts. Be back in July! “: ur home? Lets hang out soon!”
#1982 #humblebeginnings #firstdaze RT : This house will be a home shortly; awaiting
New salon on N person st appears to be thriving. Like 15 smiling ppl in there - looks like a tv ad or something.
#AmexZappos Finally bought myself some boots. Feels silly in 75 degrees but I know I'll need them eventually :)
Followed up by "Let It Be" ... God dammit ... Pandora is toying with me
#UFC TONIGHT WHOOP!
Did you know that...Washington, DC has the nation's highest percentage of residents with college degrees???
Success isn't measured by money!!!!
Haha, we wish. This is still all just wishful thinking. We're not ready for one just yet.
Long day at work, can't wait to go to sleep. working on some new edits(dj's stay posted)
yes, that's quite mythical
not sure, but he wins again today
We are open for dinner! if Uncle Gus ate all the burgers, come have the pizza and salad buffet!!!
Don't ask me a question, then have a go at me because you don't like my answer, prick.
Bingo is about to start -- new folks are here and lots of room for more people!
so tired but not sleeping till you choose :-)
Disrespect.. Tho a matter of perception... Is so very ugly. And it hurts
thanks for noticing me! <3 im like screaming ahaha, omg i love you so much<3 (:
Why I love my Blackberry
I'm not sure if it's just me, but the interwebs seem sloooooooowwwwwww today. Anyone else?
why not?
keepcalmanddream I hope you like because that is pretty much all I reblog!!
Moyer's going to be taken out soon, his retirement home has a curfew of 9
Sox Game Day: Going for sweep at Seattle
Call me!!
Power outage in Mission Hills/Hillcrest. Earliest possible will be back on is 6:30. If ur planning 2 come in tweet us 2 confirm we're open
Have a great weekend everyone!;-)
Thanks! Will do!
You own my heart, He's just renting <3
I wanna be a baseball mom when I'm older. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+26BE>
Having an all vegan lunch!
haha that was funny! Chop chop chop da squid! :) <3 u
See you in a half hour?
Can not wait to brave the storm for first full rehearsal!
listen to
No time to walk the
Trekking back home...
because theres a difference from being a mahomie and supportihng austin, and just plain be psycho about it.
CinemaCon: First Look at Ang Lee&#39;s Life of Pi
Colo Avs falling behind the below .500 NY Isles... Not good...
ha!! thats how roll sometimes!! :-)
And I'm evilly glared at again.....
Great to meet you at #rethinkmusic !
haha... that is so true and sad.. i was in that situacion...lol
Halverson: NCLB emphasizes low risk solutions
Here at work we have King Cake straight from New Orleans
she just added an "E" to the name.
Ty David ur the only one who cares!!!!!!!
Join us today for our next ft. Lisa Snyder (UCLA) who works with 3D architectural modeling. 2PM Arch Rm 1111 (HT )
Wish you and Jess could be celebrating St Paddy's day this weekend in Chicago with me and , hope you are doing well!
My driving record was tarnished last week so to meet my crush I was thinking of just hitting his car...I'm full of amazing ideas. KEEPER!!!
In Burlington, Vermont for #nelaconf11 - looking forward to it
Apologies to Rufus Thomas, I just had to ban you from my Last.fm playlist. I think there was about a 1/4 chance Rufus would kick it off.
The Other One>Spanish Jam
Wow, thank you. This made my day!
had delicious FrozenWaffle FrenchToast for breakfast = Yum!
+1 RT : "you should think about me say a prayer for me"
yes -- very close. No wonder it felt bigger than a 3.3 Kiddo slept through it but the dogs were shaken awake.
Ah cant wait for friday!!! 3 more days !!:)#BingoPlayers!!!
i know. i felt it. dont cry...its not a bad thing..it simply means i miss you
is safe! Yes<U+2764>
We almost gave up! But we are back, number 11 here we come cc:
My brain is fried and has left for the day. I have nothing left.
Woman just said to me, in a voice that would've done Squidward proud, "Have an amazing day." I think she really meant it.
pretty is what you are.beauty is what you do with it.
Oh when?!? We'll be there twice this month! :-) No doll, still in Seattle. I'll be making a trip down to LA very soon. :) xo
go like our page :)) then we can be BFF's
did you get the cal listing I emailed you for #SEMpdx local search event with David Mihm slated for Oct. 12?
Yeah, I said some things in anger. My bad. It doesn't make it any less true. Run tell that!
ROFL at me man im funny
lol! Nah, just venting a bit. I'm straight!
hahahaha right????? He's such a clown. I say clown cause clowns fuckin suck. Fuck clowns.. fuck bill o'reilly too.
Erp this is a horrible day! But i get to see sophia today!:)
Yeah! A rush came in for Nike due tomorrow. Still not done!
#Positiviity-Life is a railroad track-good & bad at the same time-great girlfriend wkend at #BigCedar followed by Dad's hospital admission.
- check your salad. It may be bugged. Sorry...that was so bad!
RT ICYM: Richmond's Fourth Circuit Is Stage For Next "Lawfare" Battle Against Military And National Security Officials.
Hey buddy...where are you?
I know there's no slide at HoHoKam, but Where you at ? Haven't seen you anywhere.
Seriously just heard a guy say "I know London inside & out, and if yiu like #Guinness, go to London."
Spend no more than 2.5 times your income on a home. For a down payment, it's best to come up with at least 20%.
It's been a good day. Welcome to all our new followers. And thank you to everyone helping us build this into something special.
I'm bout to change my name to 2roseries
Wishing you a world of peace and happiness now and throughout all the seasons of the coming New Year!...
Most definitely! Subfields prob. have more variance between years as well. Glad that history is on an upswing though.
We don't like to choose - there are so many great ones through history&more to come, we're sure. We'd love to hear ur list!
actually they are great! After a day or so they broke in, didn't need the inserts at all
Local 19 wishes everyone a safe and happy New Year!
#nwpam11 if you hang out at #nwp long enough, you can work with anyone.
chi town goodmornin
please support unemployment compensation for victims of domestic violence it could save a life
Mrs. White is calling Tyler G's mom in class hahaha
I think I need to do the same today. Been putting it off for way too long.
watched #sharktank for the first time tonight! Loved It!
I'm not going anywhere. Well, crazy. But that's it.
im so pissed. thanm steve had to tell me off like he always freaking does -__-I am so angry i just want to cry. tech hates me
Trebek looks so coquettish on the Jeopardy! Online Test wait screen. Just gonna type my phone number in for every answer
Shout out to the #NACUA members who woke up for a morning running tour of SF!
I wonder if uofm's whinny ass #occupy the bigten movement is happy now that Gholston has suspended?
Happy Hour has started! Stop in and enjoy a refreshing drink, Mike or Shannon will be sure to take excellent care of you!
I think dimples may be my kryptonite
looking forward to another sat night service with the moto family!
Whatever. Fuck it
I DON'T MAKE POEMS !!!!
I didnt know about it!
hanging out about to go smoke at my cousin house, you?
I love people
Attorney Bus Dev: Become a trusted advisor. Clients want to know you feel their pain and care about their problems and concerns.-JW
on surface it looks like a paradox, but a badly managed, badly funded (TIF) site can exist next to thriving one.
Michal Roszival once again proving that he can take a shot, but still never take a shot.
maybe the earth can throw you a bone soon and erupt somewhere. Hopefully.
Nomore luv. Nomore pain. Nomore drama. I am tired of trying. From now on. It is all about me & God. Becus 2day has been a true wake up call
Yo why can't Maine South play home football playoff games?
“: I didn't want to let go either.
,no baby i love you
I miss the pit crew.
“All journeys have secret destinations of which the traveler is unaware.” — Martin Buber
JAZAKALLAHU KHAYRAN This is a statement of thanks and appreciation to be said to the person who does a favor
yes sir
#FF to the most beautiful woman on Monday night television - ( comes in a close second - most beautiful faux-femme)
guess that means you have to get the Galaxy then. #IceCreamSandwich and all!
Merry, Merry, Christmas and a happy holidays to all of you from us!!!
I got a couple artists I wanna work wit that havent been out in a min for whatever reason... not gone say names but thats my aim
best lunch i've had in a long while. mostly because i just got to sit with my husband and we talked. no interruptions.
If you ain't feeling my rap, I can just be like mute spitta.
Getting ready to video tape a comedian tonight. This should be a lot of fun. Hopefully no jokes about the awesome camera guy. Haha
If a guy tells you he is different, he is just like all the others. If he really is different, he'll show you, not tell you.
Just saw Hugo, keep an eye out for the Ben Kingsley kid, I think he'll go places.
Writing a stupid story for English...
Your avatar is how I picture you looking every time some one says something wrong about Priest mechanics.
what's goody homie
you settled into the ranch?
Sounds fun! Enjoy!!
Lying on my bed thinking of all the good times we had together
Too young for a legacy
Richards I love you
Cringe 3 & 4 creepy guy from Lonely Island and ensuing scene
Dinner > chest hair
Now I know what my next read is going to be; sounds like this could be a go-to resource for history bloggers.
Customer Appreciation Sale tonight from 5-8! Come in for great deals on bike before the weather breaks! Hope to see everyone there!
10-handed = cramped & tight for the players. Smaller pots/tips for the dealers. And a slower game/less rake for the casino.
Someone needs to create a basketball gym w/ a humidifier. Bball courts suck ur lips & hands dry. I bet 9 of 10 coaches carry chapstick.
If you've been through alot of hardship, it's because God is preparing you for something great!
since when does music have an expiration date? :x
If peyton were to sign with Denver I would buy a jersey the next day
Speaking 5 different languages for me confuses my english.
Thanks RT : HAPPY BIRTHDAY
It was a barr poppin party.
Right now on the TJMS: Jacque Reid goes "Inside Her Story"
“: 38% of college students can't go more than 10 minutes without checking their smartphone.." What about 26 yr olds bored at work?
Never has U.S. seen such explosive growth of seniors than now. What will #SDMayor candidates do to prepare our region?
Hmm the single life isn't bad but having him is so much better
the template is incorrect, but yes, we're accepting sans serif - problem resolved. thanks!
happy birthday sweetie! Are you having a good day?? :)
YOU WENT TO FANTABULOSO ?!
I'm such an old man. Just had my first Skype session with someone tonight.
Joe Buck? No thanks. Radio for sure.
Hoping Brandon Couto impresses #Jaguars in OTA's enough to catch on with another team after Scobee returns. Good kid
I kind of miss being in a relationship.... Having someone to love, cuddle with, laugh with, && stay up all night caking with.
another tweet test
Platelet Adhesion and Aggregation
Headed to airport in PAP, amazing time here, but ready to get home to the rest of team Moore!
Come on Lakers
Laura Saggers live at Hotel Angeleno night was a complete success!! SO happy! bring on the next one
Today started at 3:30am....when will it end?
literally will start any minute
Everybody follow hes all about family and $$$
#break!!! #np SO Fresh ,SO Clean
Splitting up, in business or a partnership doesn't mean giving away your power.
cars 2 is excellent
Fool me today and I'll fool your face
Lost your home in the Central Texas #Wildfires or know someone who did? Let us help, receive 50% OFF License Fees. www.danze-davis.com
Bring it on 2012- I'm ready for some good times!
We in the same picture, but we all got different poses.. -lil wayne, holla ;-&#41;
4) Niall taught me that it's okay to be different and to laugh at everything.
hows your birthday going ? :)
I feel compelled to keep watching the montage I put together today and it makes me cry every time... I guess that's a good sign.
I want ice cream more than you could possibly imagine right now.
When I picked my son up from lifting, he informed he just had an autopsy, lol. I guess I don't have to feed him dinner tonight.
oops!! Real smoky in there too.
No beer?
thanks so much bro!
Don't you fuck around about Hobbits! I'll kill your ass!
I Slept in until noon....
I was reading a fanfic bout him and on my notification got twitter pop up..so press,straight away BBomb tweet.
I CAN'T HEAR YOU. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
A competition to be the only one who gets your attention? I'll pass
Lms For A Too Keep It Real & RATE . . . #BallinHardButNeverPlayedASport . .
Im not a fan of a lot of Tyler Perry movies, but anything Madea is hella funny!
No problem, we can do an ebook or just put it in the mail. Drop a line to that email and we'll send whatever you prefer
Great Job tweeting on the graduation TM!
Favorite song-of-the-week: Stereo Love by Edward Maya (extended version only) - heard it in Budapest over and over, took forever to find.
They're lucky that you're around.
Less than a hour till its game time. Let's do this shit #jayhawks and show the world we ready to take over. Get wild
Fantastic job last night with and and all the #OksanaG cast. We did some great work these 2 weeks.
What freaking retard would put actual contacts made out of diamonds?!!!
A crash involving a service truck and the trailer it was pulling has snarled traffic along Cincinnati Road near Northern Elementary...
love the #EMLife hash. Good to see you today.
Going to the Y
I don't see why everybody wants a white iPhone. Everyone knows the black one runs faster. #joking lol
new favorite band: Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros. Listen to "40 Day Dream" This shit is raw.
Quack Stew... sounds good.
so who gonna step up and be minnys number 1? harvin?
Happy Mother's Day!!!!!!
Fellow b-school early birds: who's started #bootycamp already? What's your favorite Aha! moment so far?
The Purpose of Spectacular Wealth, According to a Spectacularly Wealthy Guy
: Will do!
thank you! It is being worn by Bella Heathcote (Dark Shadows actress) In this months InStyle Magazine. Thank you again!!
6 degrees of separation is now 4 degrees due to Facebook!
Ughh there's this one girl at my new job who doesn't like me :(
sometimes a happy dance is in order.
in lieu of flowers, please pass healthcare.
Lf# As a child Derrick Rose used 2 practice his free throws...his coach said he must stop shooting from the other teams line
thank you for the prayers.
Gotta big day tomorrow hope it go well it time for a change happy day are coming again Ben having a hard time latelybutikitbettertimecoming.
couldn't be better ;)
I just want to get over being sick!!!
happy day to u, lady!
NOMEANSNO. That's right.
I'm getting a little bit stronger.
A3 Superstar or not, constant drama, etc. will hurt marketability for Dwight...BUT I would still take him on my fav team!
I hate repinning wedding dresses from people who are actually engaged.
Heading to the office today to fine tune the business plan, and finish the new business checklist that seems to be a mile long. Also a for…
Over 11,000 + fans before the release of the film... keep'em coming!
Oooohh that's exciting! good luck with all that!!
Nana shouldn't leave Zayne with me. I'm gonna make this kid have diabetes.
Respect my grind is almost done
b ok without knowing You don't always have to have the answer. If you don't know something, admit it, and then take the time to find out.
14 Pro Football Hall of Famers say that Dad should be in the with them :) Wonderful!!!!!!!!!
We wish you and your family a very Happy Holiday! We hope you're enjoying a day of family, friends, and fun.
it was so lovely hanging out! I love you. Thank you so much. <3!
I swear its not one thing its another with this stupid ass car
FUN! RT : RT to win the #liveonkomo grand prize: stay at , tickets for and a "swinked" package from
Great day designing Beat Well icons for the brand. Website will start being coded tonight!
You should tell !
Hey Josh, my brother, Anand, lives in Eugene. Is it a good place for tea?
is this the start of your long form Joaquin Phoenix performance art?
Congratulations to my #UBTHD family on their fierce graduation. Future Tony winners. All of you.
My great aunt just thought my dog dexter was named tuxedo?????
tell me about it.. Ily2 ;)
My mom can buy shit for Erin but never for me.
2nd dude already on. $350 minimum bid.
No invitation? Ok.
Football!!!! oh sunday what a beautiful day you are!
Graduation is SO close! Can you believe it?! These next few weeks are gonna be the most emotional weeks of our lives! ='( We love you all! <U+2665>
Friend of the year
Steve Jobs originally denied he was the father of his first child, Lisa Brennan-Jobs.
PUT ME ON HIM
did you seriously just use yolo?? SERIOUSLY. wow.
PBS KIDS GO! Web Series Oh Noah! Offers New Videos And Games
It was heLL hugn on my momma from a jail cell -2Pac #Based on a true story
we need a country music Jesus to come and save us all
yeah they do I have four of them
Campbell County Republican Mass Meeting April 19,2012 Offical Call | Advancing True Conservatism in Campbell County Virginia...
Foolishness! Why no one prosecuted by Feds for robo signing? Bunk!!
Did the ref say "Allstate Super Bowl"?
Eric Ruijssenar's lecture on surgeon Abraham Staats of Rennselaerswijck is about to begin.
aww im sorry who ever did that to u!:(
not entirely bro
I like Brooke's dress today but the jacket is overkill~
thanks! What you sow is what you reap.
Weed love it, not a drug. Wedd is not a drug, it is medication.
Have a wonderful adventure on the Road to Hana!
did someone say featured? Lol I want to be featured!
Obviously I did ;)
CHEESECAKE FACTORY
Great design thread RT“: We're live tweeting tonights Generate panel discussion. Stay tuned for some tweets.”
Thanks for the RTs
Man those Doritos tacos are great!
I wanna get shocked like Powder. Imma stand in the rain
Am I the only one that finds it wacky that the iPad simulator's chrome doesn't look like the iPad itself?
I am not so good at getting DM's hit me up on an instant messenger: yahoo= AIM=dochollywould
Hi Ami, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Not one Council of State candidate responded to my tweet yesterday (that you RT'd). So much for fighting for every vote.
On the day were born we all start to grow old.
Ok good. I think the breaking point was not even mentioning TVotR or Radiohead in their best albums of 2011 discussion.
": Soccer nerds, please stop me in all of your soccer nerd talk." I do believe u started so u deserve what you get
How good are you at detecting lies? What clues do you look for?
The Current Analysis #EC12 Wrapup - Farooq Muzaffar, Verizon Building Value with the connected enterprise.
Sitting with Heather in English... We were watching To Kill A Mockingbird who!
Since he didn't specify marriage as being one white man to one white woman, he was a liberal to the audience. (2/2)
We have an awesome bluegrass band in studio today... Join us on 9News until 9am.
oops meant another Liz, but hope you're having a fun night too! :)
you've been throttled. AT&T sucks ass.
Have u wacthed x factor usa?
RT : By 2013, there will be 140 connected devices per person on earth.
Married to the game rock a chain instead of wedding rings
spirals for the win
The Matchbox 20 Pandora station is the best work/daytime station. Don't judge me until you've tried it.
Are there any librarians from Vatican City in the group?
Gotta get up and drop my car in all this rain. Enterprise, you better be one time with my rental so I can go back to bed.
I love my ibeats headphones, but not when I'm eating chips! Talk about eardrum blowout!!
I have 3 finals in one day...AWESOME *in my sarcastic voice*
[We live. We learn. We grow] Some people find fault like there is a reward for it. -Zig Ziglar
Harvy Dent, the new Dodgers closer.
Never lose control of an irate customer at your #startup. Design 3 resolutions, have them pick 1. They get choice and you maintain control.
What are your ideas for job creation in #SF? Tell us w the hashtag
I am planning this semester for UST Web Dev. course. Your #semanticweb talk was a hit last year, care to do another?
Hahaa! . Yup! XP
now if i know it's a stray from the goal and still chose to do it, i should know that Love wins! love always wins!
Wow Kirk Herbstreit usually has a fake looking tan but today it screams Syracuse
what's wrong, baby?
Girlz who are ready even when they #dont get ready >>>>>>>>> ohh and >
let's talk.
but I think someone might have been!
A herb seed burnt me drop my L spotted through my perifial this nigga tryna murda me v
awww I can't make it :-( but my friend Lisa has entered :-)
Wonderful opening keynote about the license to lead
i need a coffee iv.
hey, man. Thanks for following.
Just getn done with the studio 9hrs
Out at my favorite Iocal Italian restaurant for MD. Yumm! Waiting on dessert.
nelson-type y'all are the best
Welcome to uh twitter look out for the Whale ;)
Ariel stop I'm gonna get you back just wait ! Blake don't listen to her she just gettin me back (:
Good luck tomorrow, my sweet little pumpkins. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B9>
White people drive so stiff
Can I move 2 CA & go on the road w/u? The Twitter Cousins? I can carry a tune. UB the pretty talented 1 & I'll b the funny 1
22,253 Votes Total in less than one week! are leading with 12,140 and creeping up with 10,212 votes!
Have a gr8 one & enjoy! RT : I'll be teaching my first Intro in Engineering class in about an hour. Wish me well.
“: Got that dub in the first round! Got Sheridan next round. #cantbestopped” <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
i was born to be a BELIEBER
i text u wen i woke up and before i went to sleep ...BOTH YA'LL !! and what did you say?? o...ok thats why ya'll 2 wack lol
We enjoyed having your perspective as well as those of the other scholarship winners.
yum! My mom loves making these!!
I expect a call'
nahh I'm playing
Nashville has a pulse. Not dead yet
Thanks so Much!!stay dry & safe this weekend!!
- now Dante, we all know is allergic to cats!
RT : #eLearning Global Giveback Competition - What a cool thing! Great for grad students to build resume.
Look for my session summary later today on htt:\\www.lorisatter.com
i'll msg it to you! Hope you had a great weekend:)
Appalled re: Daniel Choi's story on the Moth.
nice! Say hi to all the girls!!
I will hate it if one of these days I will tell my biggest dreams goodbye!!!........
Is it a door closing or a much better one opening?
It's Steve Justice I just e mailed Chuck and Max concerning your book you r writing. Cheers. Sorry it took so long
follow me
is thankful Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman-Shultz won the battle against breast cancer. Thank God for her many successes.
im going this summer we all need to go. like seriously!(:
“It’s True…You “Can’t Go Home Again.” …Something About the Rent…
This isn't much better than the smell of #coffee as soon as I walk in the office in the morning. Lovin' life!
About to tweet one of my verses don't steal my shit without me knowing.
Happy Valentines day to you Jessica. Hope all is well.
And meet him too!
Happy Birthday to my inspiration and love of my life, Brandi! I bet she'll get a kick out of some neat surprises later. :)
just bought a nice chess set
I had a lot of tweets to go through and just tweeted without reading them! I saw them after!
What was the best #golf #gift you every received at the #holidays?
aww!! how sweet! that's a pretty big commitment though!
This smoothie tastes like Earth
i was so scared to do it, but i officially have (short!) bangs
Do you know that you can shop for perfume and colognes directly on the facebook fan page www.facebook.com/perfumeseven ?
wtf? I got no notification of this tweet. How about 6:30pm tomorrow? Or lunch?
Apparently I need to practice counting more often. My word count is much higher than I thought. Good thing.
you already know. and "extraordinaire" is not an exaggeration.
thanks bro
45 degrees and raining in Lex, saw both parents in jeans and jackets, 2 kids in shorts and short sleeves....
let me rephrase... maybe we just came up with the name of the EP. HA!
are you guys releasing a new cd any time soon!?
I remember watching it all the time as a kid. I'd go running around with my shirt half off, flexing and rawring.
you ok bestfriend.
#Patriots yes I hate the other team that much. Do what you gatta do Tom!
May 26th, free show at the TCC. STAY POSI
a good friend of mine, Brad Spoolstra, is a mgr at Defender and said he'd introduce himself at your next engagement there.
OMG!! CANT WAIT TO SEE U HERE IN LAREDO TX!!! SO EXCITED!! XD
Clarity is the counterbalance of profound thoughts. Luc de Clapiers
love it! so pretty :)
hahhaha you tweeted the fake Louis :)
We'll message you on Facebook.
Shared models forge collaborative creativity and fire innovation.
You set off fireworks in my heart<3
Girl you know you got me gone
you know I am (;
running into people in the hallway
Lots of buzz for tonight! Who is going?
copyright fail v. succeed misses point - it's a means towards an end "To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts,"
Catching the rest of "The Walking Dead", Then too sleep land I go..
Today I will see #Chimpanzee! That is all...thanks.
Health is Wealth. I teach People to Make Money and Have good Health. Call me Today. 1-888-920-7848
I got side-tracked with the reckoning numbers. But, soon, I will be expounding upon the reasons as to possibly why the Maya disbanded.
TSA announced that sex toys r now able 2 be packed in carry on, but travelers must remove from bags like a laptop 2 show batteries are out
Living the life of a broke girl... Paying with exact change
Loathed the sentimentality (stripping the novel's satire), & the whole 'Jenny must die for her sins' part.
Double coin weekend is nice, but can you fix the kickoff glitch?
i love this book(:
Thank you for the follow. Delighted to follow back! Saludos
Woke up on the couch just in time for school :-)
Jonas Brothers leaving Disney
I'm pretty sure if you get to school at 7:30 and it takes 12 minutes to enter the parking lot. THE NEW POLICY IS NOT WORKING.
syllabus syllabus syllabus silhouette silhouette silhouette oh oh oh oh
Steam cleaning 15 year old carpet in a heavy traffic area is like putting lipstick on a pig the pig is still ugly. Call me, the professiona
I'm gonna lay here until 7:30.
Follow and RETWEET your friends! Wessssttttttt!
Yep sometimes reporters make up words... Its alright no1 except the whole city is listening...
The tickets go on sale to the public in just a few hours! Who else is trying to be there wearing red and gold war paint?!
Why yes, my boyfriend is a professional ultimate frisbee player.
Every Ranchero music video looks like some cowboys that found some instruments and decided not to dual and play music instead.
Hanging w the girls
Thanks for the coverage and feedback. We're looking into the bugs you mentioned.
One of the reasons I love being a librarian is how we all help each other out when needed.
My girlfriend goes while folding all my laundry.. "all of this stuff you don't wear you should donate." .... Hahahahahahahahahaha
Mom's getting her nails done and I just got my eyebrows waxed!
Some Peoples Children!! SMH
have a lovely night tonight!
I think I wanna bring LMFAO to Chicago and do a flash mob... That would be #epic!
Today is Pi or p day! p is the symbol for the ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter. Have a slice of PIE to celebrate!
Have great trips!
Who says you're NOT beautiful?
#Ihateitwhen people say FML... you should love your life
I drink to your “drinking a bit”.
You all our the best followers in the world!
thank you :)
hey ms allen it's me how are you?
Tonight CSO season finale, w piano phenomenon Lang Lang - C U there!
The Metrowest Colonials are proud to welcome Dan Larouch and Joe Ferrara to the Colonial Family! Welcome Home!
what did u think about Dj solo new joint ??
I can't ever spell the sounds I make ... Damn man ..
reading and thinking about THE DISREPUTABLE HISTORY OF FRANKIE LANDAU-BANKS -- recent printz honor book
Got 6pgs in the #writingsprint. How'd you do?
wass poppin player everybody safe from the show tell sis i said wass good it time to pop this shit off IRS IRS SOUTH MOBBIN
Good start fins! Beds is crazy good
Movie Time!!..
It's *so* good! I want to go see them at a festival in Montreal in August... You should meet me there! :)
Has anyone read the R.A. Dickey book? Any good?
#BoyfriendBroketheRecord . oh my, im so proud <3 congrats biebs . you deserved it . #followme .
thanks a lot Bruno, I appreciate it!
Sweet Tweet RTs: keepn it real social networking. Retweet that what its all about anyway share don't be stingy!
look at you! lol you nd malik were too funny!! :D
Where are you located?
Its decent marcus on his way up here too
#FREESHOTS Get a free shot of espresso in your drink today!
Blithe Field and art history make a focused evening
Kickin back watching Madeas Family Reunion again, and eating some frozen yogurt. Yeah I'm a live wire lately! ;) Enjoy the weekend everyone!
Take Flight While The Weather Is Beautiful! 6 East River Piers 212.9676464
lmao your to funny
“The dress must follow the body of a woman, not the body following the shape of the dress.” ~ Hubert de Givenchy
“: your husband cost us the game.”. You're a tool.
no sir. Picked them up out in LA while I was on Vacay
Awesome bro thanks! #digdeep with whatever workout you have today!!
i need you to weight lifting at lunch or before school. I know u can do it!
ill think about it
Miami-Dade County is run by a strong mayor who runs the government along with several deputy mayors.
“ I love proven mfs wrong...especially when they think they're so smart too...”
I think imma post a video of me singing today
limejellous: RT : #sla2009 In Oregon and missed the SLA Conf. in DC? You're in luck ORSLA's hosting a recap dinner on 6/30! http: ...
Im one of kind dats y most of my exes say im hard to forget
No one here at the car wash. Everyone's afraid of rain!
Beautiful isn't it?
another $1000 and I will shave my head.
“: "Gulf Widens Between U.S. and an Increasingly Hostile Karzai" Now can we leave #Afghanistan ?”. Fuck em let's bring em home!!
The Regents aint so bad you know
GOD BLESS AMERICA -- Bobcat Goldthwait's new one-note comedy that showcases a ton of dogmatic rants, the best of which is about JUNO.
Don't forget to change your clocks 2nite. It's "Fall Back" time again! And good luck to everyone running the NYC Marathon tomorrow.
Does one's cock grow with age (similar to ears & nose)? I measured my dick on a whim tonight. Turns out I'm 8 and not 7. Weird.
Happy Monday all! Any heart healthy events happen over the weekend that you would like to share?
Wow. Can you please not type on this account. Insults are not wanted here. Please. I'm asking you nicely. Thank you.
The film typifies why I'm proud to be apart of and their commitment to putting an edible garden in every school.
Hitting on someone seems like a jerky thing to do. "I know you're doing your thing, but I thought you'd rather be talking to me."
please note at least & I are not in the same room while tweeting together. ~ There's a joke in there somewhere.
The long raincoat+sandals look is never flattering, but it's what we have to do in order to get Chinese food.
": I watch it like every morning!! :)" and everynight. Lol.
Confirmation today. Thinking of my Aunt Janet.
Good job Browns....landed a horse!
Kinda just witnessed a small plane crash. Saw the explosion at least.
Pirates prospect is throwing No-hitters. So expect him to be abducted by aliens or something.
We took & made another Step of Progress in the Pre-Production of the BILL W. & DR. BOB play in Pittsburgh.
Melancholia and introspection, it must be November again!
Thanks for the follow! Would you consider doing a story on Me and my book The Vallie? Child Abuse Prevention month is now
A shout out to MY friend, be a friend and follow my friend!
no... I wish you could. But you woud wake me up anyways then <-Kelsey xoxo>
Dot Hill Innovation Protects Data from Shock and Vibration
Walking in or tweeting about our 22nd Annual AIDS Walk TODAY! If so, please use the following hashtag
Holiday Inn Ozone bar in Oakland is pretty damn packed
Thanks! I was wondering how to do this.
Consumers in Wisconsin are now protected from unwanted text spam under the No Call Law. Those registered for the no call list protected.
Congrats to our friends on their new additions on 3 African lion cubs!
So They pay $1,000,000 for commercials of starving kids, but they can't feed them ?
Hey, mom, the last 21 years weren't that hot; you didn't miss much.
Love the way mcdonalds make u feel
I'll post, Matt Hunter's random photo. Where's that phonee.. -___________-
Red wine compound can combat Alzheimer's: Pre-clinical and pilot clinical research studies suggest that resveratrol may prevent diabe...
thats good & ive been good just going to school in atl!
Can't believe I made it to Friday morning without spoiling : One World winner. Not surprised with the outcome.
The New iPad finally released, Apple fanatics, get your tents and folding chairs ready for the March 16th release
yes. absolutely! Who wouldn't love 20 versions of mac & cheese?!!!!
"Grace makes beauty out of ugly things." - U2's Bono Vox &
My score is 11. I improved it by 1 point over the past day! Thanks
I want this to trend for you Robert #TEAMTURQUOISE !!!!!!!
What is typical Jawanesse food. What is in it that smell bad?
Pres Clinton: I hope there will be more and more charter schools
thanks bro I think it will be a great fight
S/o "The only lawyer im calling is " Thanks home team
I am so not ready for hell week. I don't need anymore bruises.
The article is by Mark Galli, who also authored the textbook on Francis that we use in iConnect, our first-year class.
#SJSHARKS finally got it done.
I appologize for 's behavior, we just find you very attractive.
I should have asked my grade school teacher to get one of the guys from Teen Wolf to be my prom date since her son casted them!
I just know that we're meant to be together.
We Want Believe Tour Tickets ! I'm gonna be broke by the end of may but oh well yolo
yeah, it sucks. But I just don't want to move or sell my house... My parents divorce is for the best tho.
but how big was it? :)
Thanks for the follow!
Watching #wnfae, amazing Skullgirls play. Then I find out they're not putting the rest on stream? I might just close it.
I'm at Mohawk (912 Red River St, E 10th St, Austin) w/ 23 others.
Oh my God, the Komets and the K-Wings will be back in the same league. SHITSHOW. I WILL BE AT EVERY GAME.
Homecoming in 2 days!!
One more reason to love Lowes over Home Depot - my Bosch orbital sander was $10 less! That pays for a couple beers with my brother. :)
congrats to my boi skippyg n his 1st youtube contest ...google tv!
Memphis today, san diego next week.
S/o to for being so gawgeous. Follow her! :-)
The most exciting area of library & info science = the new! Digital humanities, data curation, librarians in unexpected tech roles!
Can tweet but can't text?
You have to decide to change your life. You are worth it! People will notice!
forgot to charge my iphone ipad will have to do now
at your show at Up Comedy Club its not goin' to lick itself
So sit TF down
Fight night starts in a minute someone is getting knocked out!
Still trippin off the dude running an tripd kuz his pants fell
Complacency and laziness are why Americas in the toilet. Too much bullshittin and excuses not enough blue collar mentality...get it done
Von Erich's chase of NWA title drew lots of screaming teen girls. Very different crowd than Junkyard Dog drew.
Checking out the new version of Fancybox. One more thing to update with the PikaChoose redesign. Thanks for the great app
aww thanks same to you ;)
#90sproblems having to get off the internet so somebody can use the phone
I mean look at mine...
ill dance with you tonightt!!
It's a live show where, if chosen, I would get on stage and tell a story about motherhood in front of 300+ people. Am I crazy??
Kottaras showing some early muscle..playing well.. But no where to fit him in to ride out hot bat
Thawing out
Found it. Bed.
fill it up kid, you deserve it!!! So much
Talk about the worst injury u ever had.
text me
Great shooting today!!!
I hope folks at CBP enjoyed that flyover more than all the dogs in South Philly
I'll go check out your page now... You're at 894 - WOW!
Yep. It is the main feature of the second disc. And awesome, thanks for sharing the Chuck!
I've realized if I ever want to reach my goal of living by myself I should probably stop spending every cent traveling.
If they won't listen talk louder you are you're microphone turn the volume up
#HighShit RT i was planning on not waking and baking this morning but like,its routine. my point is im
Scottish shopkeepers report their worst December since at least 1999, according to the Scottish Retail Consortium.
Just bought 's new record! Sounding great! please support..I produced track 11 "Lost".....
I raise my kids better. I don't know you. RT : LMFAOO DON'T REJECT ME AS YOUR CHILD BITCH! I will stabb you! Lol
packing for Miami :) next 10 days in sunny flooded Miami... lol
I'm talking about Europe...
Acer 10.1-Inch Onyx Blue Netbook & an Unlocked Blackberry Storm tonight!
Scarlet Moon by Debbie Viguie: Little Red Riding Hood Grows Up
Thank you to the always wonderful Kelsey Carmody for the awesome job she did on my hair/make up!
Great catching up over lunch today, let's touch base again soon.
can you tweet justin bieber and tell him to follow me ?
congrats Tim
yeah no kidding man
My mind has nothing on it but you
me too. Stomach flu for Christmas. Humbug!
Good Morning to my fellow Twitsters <U+E04B> Nasty outside. Have a Blessed Day. @ <U+E036> listening to "Inside Acting" Podcast, Very Interesting.
well e-batch the plan is continue to work for the bucks. playoffs next year. mark my words.
I won my game! Literally! 46 shots & not 1 got past me! We won 5-0. Just thought you'd like to know since you were so excited!
If you don't want to Fuck wit me don't Fuck wit me then
gonna be up late
All Nighter With My Nigga And Some Girl We Just Met On OovoO ^__^
OK HOMies. December is Rocking already! We are getting the bass tracks done for the new songs and almost done. Let's finish the year strong!
Just woke up and I feel really good. :)
Doggie sweet kisses in the morning. Thanks Blaise!
I get the guy with the great haircut.
Sunday is food prep day in the McBrandt house. It saves us a lot of time during the busy week...how do you guys make eating well easier?
"Life's too short to listen to mediocre hip hop." - Hannah Levin on KEXP Street Sounds
This the first day of this week I didn't wake up feeling like shit :)
Gonna listen n enjoy this album hopefully.
You tweet, we answer.
Right I happy danced all thru the house . I ain't sad one bit lol
They say every time a glock rings, an angel gets his wings
Day 3 of #SKDMakeovers is underway! Photos coming soon!
Beltre sorta bit it on that grounder. Really enjoyed watching Elvis laughin at him while his glove covered his face.
In order words #tempus fugit :) and it can't be slowed down.
The woods is dark brown, Cardboard beaten under tires, After winter rain
#rva #chick # I think today is their Grand opening event.
You don't wanna know haha.
I want coffee and food right meow.
Unless it backfires and he comes to associate you with things he dislikes as much as Bowie.
seeking bass, lead, keys and female backups.
At my sisters about to get my eyebrows done home today, but back to work tomorrow at 6:30 am
Big night, you excited or nervous
creepo. careful not to be alone in the parking lot.
have a blessed one
Mayor Adams, Many thanks for the follow on Twitter.
Looking for an Asst job w/ a health coach or health counselor so I can start taking classes at #IIN Institute of Integrative Nutrition HELP!
Party for a Purpose! Over $100,000 raised tonight for SEI kids and family! #SEIPDX #WellsFargoHere+Now
Diss committee assembled! So far one told me to read more Tom McCarthy; one, more Lem; one, more PKD. Beginnings, beautiful friendships, etc
Stay TRUE to YOU....the Money will follow!
The Dark Night Rises = Inception 2 (minus Juno plus Morgan Freeman)
(•) (•) They miss you ahahahaha #justsaying love.
I know, but it *did* get me out of a bad mood. I'm still so amused by it
damn meat u done fucked da man pussy up
MAYSONET!!!! GRAND SLAM!!
I Wish Maddie Would Shut Up
Hahahaha I BOMBED the math section on my PSAT
Rio Hondo Community College
OMG your post today is AMAZING! I just tweeted about it! I had NO idea there were ALL these other services out there!
Did you know that Dumbfuckitis is contagious? I'm afraid to leave my house without a filter mask.
#webservius integration docs are online at www.webservius.com - any feedback would be appreciated, contact me for beta invite code
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. - Steve Jobs
Tonite we will be Bad Boy Bill... taking pics and an interview!
just for you! Pirate Face is back up! Thanks for letting us know your interest in it!
now bro.
tonight MSG will be like McKale
EP Release at the Triple Rock Nov 21st with Gloria, The Chasedown, The Fast Track, and Our Life Story! TELL ALL YOUR FRIENDS! =)
#PowerAlley w/: #Cubs & #Braves join us. Tee time: 10aET/7aPT
Bitch relax, Your relationship ended. Not your life.
That awkward moment when someone retweets you and you smile (:
Happy Birthday to Trunk Club! Come in and celebrate with a beer and try some clothes on!
If u want gov ppl to participate in ur event u will need to make it free, local, & outside of business hours.
that's not fair ):
that's all I need. Someone to be my wifes partner in crime. She seems to do pretty well on her own!
patience....pahahahaha!!! It's going to be a long 5 weeks of it....
Psh, women ; ) RT: The women are sitting in the kitchen gossiping about 'tacky wedding practices' I lit with the guys & watch soccer
Beer fairy I so love you
Congrats on the "NFL record that will never be broken" on top of the fantastic season!
Rediscover your ability to#feel. It will help your chattering #mind be quiet. #Depression isn't a feeling it is a defense against feelings
"State of emergency" framing (both state- & nationwide) shifts blame, allows leadership to avoid accountability for bad choices.
The curse of the Beckett-bino
3 minutes added time? Seems like Cech has wasted about 6 on his own.
Man, I've been sitting on 89 followers. Good thing tomorrow is friday :) *wink*wink*
RT Who wants my 1500 tweet(:
Varsity 2012 - 2013 i love my life
New favorite movie, Greenberg.
RT : : For high achievers, the finish line is a moving target. To stay fulfilled, enjoy the journey.
Oh yeah? Cool. :) The thing I like most is just that I can post the pics straight to Twitter and FB. Makes life easy!
Alex Radulov... long story but we drafted him and he played for us from 06-08 and then dipped back to Russia while still under
Sports heros in Boston are like crime fighters in in Gotham City. You either die a hero, or live long enough that your tee times get leaked.
have you seen prada's color block sandals?
Email a screenshot or photo of your online shopping cart on to for your chance to win! (2/2)
hahahaha and where does one find a motorized chair at that hour?
Merry Christmas to you too!!
Severe T-storm warning continues for Jefferson and Western Waukesha counties until 4:45. Hail/High winds still a threat.
Hey back at ya! That was awesome! :-)
They say we're mediocre. They say our fans suck. Don't care.... GO #HAWKS!
shoot me text Nicole please so I can set this up. 323.481.1161. Go Latalklive.com and check my previous shows. It's legit!
yeah I must admit to stealing it from your FB - I'm still so shocked by it!
So proud of you Austin!:')
Follow my baby She's beautiful. She Follows back.
If you have cold, MODERATE exercise with increased fluids can actually make you feel better. Don't exercise if you have a fever.
Thanks for the follow!!!!!!!
OMG they have girls in ABDC7 just like iconic boyz bringing so many memories crying inside because here with family
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook .VICTIMS: who only post about how 'EVERYONE'S their HATERS" &"ALL their FRIENDS are Evil" & "Life Sucks" #REALLY ?
Joan Didion on California: "You can't live here and not feel that an apocalyptic moment is imminent."
Maybe I thought wrong.
Another blog giveaway is in with works with you're going to love!
I wish I was the age I am now on the day I was born.
#thatdepressingmoment when you realize you have school Monday.
That was the best Live performance I've seen, including when I saw her in Va Beach, she is on FIYAH!
I can only imagine what it will be like for Vinny to see the boyz on ABDC again. Without him.
I would think most people that follow him & fans in general would find that information useful.
Impractical jokers>>>>>>>>>
The NX driver is taking a totally new route back to #OceanBeach today & I'm pretty sure there are no shocks on this bus.
oh I like your icon pic u look so cute lol
There's a place called 420 munchies open from 4:20-4:20! Someone take me the conversations and things I learn at work.
Life teaches us many things. One is to learn is how to be happy. We are born happy, but life gives us wounds and hurt to grow whole from.
so, so confusing....
rack city bitch, rack rack city bitch
Omg no D; lol I can always steal you another one boo!
wow! That's amazing
So NOW the refs see roughing the passer
I'm stackin my money muthafucka, You can stack them broke ass bitches if you want to. I only stack rich bitches who give me money
Even old people bump Adele with the windows down
Random!!! Belanova is at Plaza Bonita!?? Why am I not there!?
i like ALWAYS have nutella on mu face
I like Portuguese*-*
: About 50% of breakups now occur via text message.
Id rather watch baseball tonight than his show. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> okay that was a little to bold. but regardless he's a moron.
RE: dropped Hard Drive: HAHAHA you suck! I'll fix it for you! bring it over B. (all content is subject to search)
I have so many finals to do<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
If your happy and you kno it clap your hands :D *CLAP CLAP
good morning!! ;)
Horrible Bosses
“ “ A relationship with God is the best relationship you can have.””
Your call is very important to us. Please enjoy this 40 minute flute solo. ;)
9:27 left in the first. Delaware and Lindenwood still scoreless
FOLLOW ME
For today's #ecochallenge, I promised to use no paper. Promises + runny nose = need to change shirt. Happy Earth Week, Tweezies!
Absolutely priceless!!!! If we all had that faith, maybe we would never fear anything! :-)
Wanting to say it but not knowing if you feel the same
Wow. Iphone takes decent video. Just made a little movie from a birthday party. Easily, too.
Waking up in a bad mood, and hating everyone that talks to you
Twisting today at The Elks Club Wakefield, Ma. from 2:30-3:30 PM for Bridgewells Holiday Party
Snipper of the week Shannon Dohar! We chat her up about New York and the best summer movies...
I am not your boyfriend I am not going to get all the shit you're saying are care but I am your friends I am not going to let shit happen 2u
We're really close to 3,000 followers! Won't you help us get there today?! RT! Thanks!
I know pero no tenia $ ! LOL ! Dude I missed yuh at lunch these past 2 days /:
happy leap year hump day!!!
There are people with torches walking down 5th Avenue. #what is happening
Shouldn't the zambonis come out before overtime at the #Masters ?
Ghostland observatory playing a free show at ACL right now...get there now!
Muahahaha I beat ya to it! >:)
Im so sleepy !
Today has been one of the best blessed days of 2012 !!! #LettingThingsGo AMEN! !!!!!
CBS news van was at the Bay Area Games of the Special Olympics today. Watch for me & my class (all in blue!), just in case we're on.
Almost let the day go by without wishing you a happy T-trouble-free birthday with some extra points for cake
Come out 2nite -> #OrlandoaLive at #TheSocial 8pm - $5 cover - Live music, Art, & "care-give share" table !
I'm talking about game 2 as far as that 5 point thing, but the game still not over though
"wintry mix" is a qt way of saying the weather sucks today
Goodnight. I hope this rumor stops and Jake gets his fans back. Love ya
also wonder if IRS will have issues
We will be The Park Bar tomorrow for Bush's acoustic set at 12pm!
What techniques do you use to create time for songwriting?
It was so good to see Superstar Fitness Trainer Chris Powell and his beautiful family yesterday! We love it when they comes to visit. :)
it's Friday bitches <U+270C><U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
ok im done with this 1;)
your set? No sure didn't... but i think you live pretty close to me, unless you were just in my area :) how are you?
Biggest panic of my life
We recommend Mandela's autobiography, "Long Walk to Freedom," which is one of our favorites.
haha some bitch hoarded all the ptv song titles as tumble usernames l o l
haha the sickest fuck I know.
It is a never ending thing, I unfollow all the time and then follow new people and then say who is this? unfollow! good luck
Dear Ronald, thanks for following!
Damn typo I mean him lol
yeah I wouldn't wish that on anyone. He doesn't get paid enough.
Public Art on the Street-ArtWalk 9/24 and 9/25. Express Your Art on canvas. Downtown Grand Haven. www.ghartwalk.com
Really starting to dislike my family at the moment.
"Dogs are outstanding!"
Also, my itunes account ot hacked.
Mashpee for the weekend! I had the itch for the Cape. Hope all is well!
#ancientgreek of the day - <U+1F00><U+03BD><U+03B8><U+03C1><U+1F7D>p<U+03BF><U+03C2> a<U+03B3><U+03C1><U+03AC>µµat<U+03BF><U+03C2>, <U+03BE><U+03CD><U+03BB><U+03BF> ape<U+03BB><U+03AD><U+03BA><U+03B7>t<U+03BF>. - An illiterate person is like an uncarved piece of wood."
Two very attractive boys just came to my door and asked if I needed yard work. SO CUTE!
oh nothing at all lol
that's what I'm saying! lol
There are two adults acting redic in the booth behind us. I'm ill
hey was a song some months back that chu mention was like a girl singing about sex or something with like 80's beats need a title
People talking about how they want love at 14, 15, 16, and 17. Baby live your life first and love will find you!
are you and in nyc?
New album (Blues at Alvas) has arrived! Official release will happen in September.
that's where you shop bro ?
Thanks for spreading the word!
Super excited to perform at Girl Next Door - A Pole Dance Soiree tomorrow!
I haven't seen you with purple hair yet.
We are!
Off to do sit-ups, push-ups, squats, and the like at boot camp. After a full day at Disney. Me, oh my!
I have such a craving for seafood
nice dude. temecula doesn't have enough music. are you going to be in town for the KOS screenings around July 10th/11th?
Wish I could sleep in just one day for 15 hours.
You are the greatest(:
Todays NFL games show that nothing is a given. Everything has to be earned. Rage are you ready to EARN your spot at the top?
I know they're gonna slam Trayvon for his tweets.. Look at this nigga twit pics
"#ManUp! When I was a child, I used to speak like a child ... But when I became a man ..." 1Cor 13:11" ~ Solomon
Cox Business implemented Xactly in 11 weeks, with 16 plans and 700 payees. Now up to 21 plans, 800 payees
On episode 3 of Girl/Girl Scene and I love Evan !!!!
Mo has a concussion.
The judge I work for saw my bracelet and asked if I was a monster. I am a #LittleMonster forever and always! I <3 GAGA
The technology is powerful enough to easily track four people simultaneously, providing the familiar multiplayer experience at its best.
Did you get to try the Spicy Bulleit? How did the event go?
Wow I thought he left twitter for good awhile back. I guess he just changed his name?
I use (Lol) way too much ..but fuck it though that's my homie
Twitter Tip Pt. 1: Want lots of followers to get your MSG out, keep your tweets like Hansel & Gretel's breadcrumb trail...
Space bar right!?!? Lol
Card fans just walked off A LOT of turkey pacing their living rooms
Seriously Myers?
You are too kind for the #FF! Have a great weekend missy!
yep. PCBs and R&B
is trying to say hello again. Four tweets... 0,1,0,1.
M fresh strawberry pie ..heaven.. Anna millers Oahu
If a kid isn't happy, what's the harm in him moving on? Better to stick around and be a cancer?
Dear Rachel Hubbard, Stop fucking spamming me.
Excited to be at The Summit
What a 2nd half! The Atlanta #Falcons outscore the Panthers 24-0 in the 2nd to win 31-23. Matt Ryan threw for 318 and 4 touchdowns!
I couldn't agree with you any more!! When can WE catch up?! :)
Back to work manana, I'm ready! Also Thur. Live at Ember, Anaheim, Friday Xalos, Anaheim...Sat. todavia no se?!?! Have a goodnight!
You don't not sign a free agent because you "plan to draft a QB." The draft doesn't always go as expected.
It was a great class! Glad you enjoyed it!
it must suck to be stupid too
Your life is an occasion. Rise to it. – Suzanne Weyn ~
Thanks to and others for coming out in suppor of the WV Young Dems!!
Tyler, The Creator
Lahskshskshd RT : Stay for tonight, if you want to.
"Peace is that brief glorious moment in history when everybody stands around reloading."
Yes like my site The Academic Support Link. Appreciate it. I also research and provide content to education sites.
Watching TV & find myself wondering - how many would like a Do Over on the whole "that Steve Urkel is HILARIOUS" opinion of, say, 20 yrs ago
yes! manic panic :)
aww thanks Gracie. Any new recipes yet?
goodlookin on the retweet, follow back.
It was an honor to have you there! Thanks for being part of the fun!
I've no doubt you're right. I've tried to ensure that supporting materials are as engaging as possible (format, content, etc.)
What yall doing ?
Working out... Sexy Monday...for you.
trying real hard to stay out of the candy today. it's SO hard.
fairly low on the funny scale.
I don't care what people say about this song. They use to jam to this shit. Admit it.Vanilla Ice - Ice Ice Baby: via
RT : You've been waiting for it and now it's here. 50% off racing all this weekend!
yea thanks bro
Oh, it's about to go down! Keep spreading the word and keep getting #stocked!!
But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated. -Ernest Hemingway
DesandNate, you are the key to my heart.<3
hell yeah babeh
S/O to and see you all at The Virginia Event on March31st!
Thanks for the great feedback and response. I can't wait to connect with you next week
Can we all stop for a minute and bask in the irony of Bristol Palin telling us the importance of raising a child in a traditional family.
thts my area and don't worry bout that yu drive ?
You tlkin bout Mb right?
OK let me let you in on something... When I explode its like this Ima tell you how it is nah wait I won't IMA HIT YO ASS then i will hmmp.
I don't think I've been this tired in my life!
RT : Starting tomorrow, by popular demand, we'll be open until 9pm on Weds and Thursds. Thank you #bikeDC for the suggestions!
Comparative rhetorical analyses have included C. Aguilera & S. Gomez, Children of Men & The Road, Coke & Pepsi.
Of all people to sit near me on this bus it would be the fella who smells like soot. If you don't know what I mean sniff the sewers. Nasty!
Dude story of my life. Fucking awesome huh?
Watching Human Centipede! Its Like Fucking Nasty! This is the first movie that has made me puke and cry. Its Insane! #ScaredOutOfMyMind :(
Mentions on
Hahaha, you did change it to :P
Hugging tall boys. <3333
well thanks!!
He he. That's even funnier.
Great column.
im sure i already know..lol
(Daniele Vare) Diplomacy is the art of letting someone else have your way.
Yes. I think making boards of items in their environment with target sound, obviously vocab, categories etc
I hate it when I'm wearing socks and I step in something wet. rt::
Listening to the Bach Inventions in headphones mixed w/café's loud noise pollution of early Tom Waits sounds suspiciously like Schöenberg.
Well...My hair looked really great for 3 minutes in the bathroom this morning.
3 runners at bk of pk ran into Wyoming septa stop. Man who saw them do it: "everybody can't be honest with 40,000 people."
The man's wife, heard the conversation and said to her husband, "Does she realize that the porch goes all the way around the house?"
Loud pipes , loud kush
Finally taking my shit in this weekend... hopefully everything is recovered
Women will never be equal to men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are sexy.
Men like to cuddle too lol
Id buy as much as possible. RT : Students in CA propose not to take on debt,....
Join us this Saturday at Malarky's, we will be having our ladies night while parting it up with Slowburn! Come have fun with us!
RT : did do it just for fun tie n to mud puddle story by Robert munsch-LOVE that story, really any Robert munsch story
Face is sun kissed
I found calling the check-in guy 'captain' waives the fee.
Dont forget, we're taking over finn mccool's tomorrow night from 9-12. See you there!
off to the Radio... back to work.. :-)
RT : OKC was young, and not experiened, Utah was missing players, and Phoenix plays 0 defense. /true
were jb today
Smart alecky is my thing! You now have 1 loyal follower!
alex told me to tell him to follow me. im so not use to this whole twitter thing. gimee time ! only had it for 6days
I have a film idea about a man so obsessed with , he moves to Houston just so he can spend his days at the 3 stores on West Gray.
If u a dude watchin #BGC reunion right now hopefully u layin next to a vagina...if not????
« Feel and smell #GOOD»
Its real --> RT : goodnight.
Man I need 8 more followers till I hit 800
So cool! Can't wait to check it out!
Tom points out that he only mentions God, not Jesus, so not explicitly Xian.
Circulating Microvesicles Demonstrate Promise for Cancer Testing
ya basically plus a love story hahaha
NO SIMON COME BACK
Me too! Haha ": Now following and couldn't be happier about it, lol."
If you are interested please inbox us your email address thank you for your interest!
I love I agree it's the BEST radio station in Philly!!!
all good, but sadly will be in Chicago on business. Is there another time that's good to chat?
A cat pushed into a corner will fight. A coward will negotiate.
Go up to them and say "Hi, I play in the NFL." Either that or treat them to #sushi! RT Any advice on how to meet women?
Avatar is on!!
Now following ---- followback?
#notetofemales stop saying "play your position"
I just want class to end, only 10 more minutes then free time xD
Cutting off the curls! Back to short hair!
I'm hiding in my office with the door closed and the lights off. Tweet me the password if you want to come in.
Luci Westphal is in Atlanta. Screening her new film, All God's Children, at PushPush Sunday at 7:30. Free.
Rick Siskey - If you want to be successful, you must be obsessed with obsession and out work the competition
damn girl let me get some a that shit u smokin on... U look high as fuck n ur avi
Celebrating birthday!
“: Oh No my rough tough cream puff can't go home! Fingers crossed for DD! #DWTS” me too
If only it really were all a bad dream! Will be in touch with dates if I make it to London. Looking forward to catching up.
Wordpress has versions?
last day of class this semester! that begs the question: why am I still on campus for another week and a day?!
TGIF! Shedding the stress of the work week and getting ready to spend the weekend with loved ones. Yay.
Some people go through their whole life living for other people.
HOLY SHIT KAITLYN YOU DRIVING IS SCARIER THAN SEX
In my own personal #GOP competition, I wonder if I will make as many or more calls for than I did for
LOVED 'Salem's Lot. There are spots in there that made me choke up. King just knows how to tell a story.
gest got a #facebook after so long i did it i sold out
Let it be.
I need to be somewhere near my bed in the next five minutes.
Making plans for Opening Day... Milwaukee is the place to be April 6!
thanks for joining me
JOIN US IN Congratulating our NEW BROTHERS to the Eta Lambda Chapter!
With four days to go- Both sides claim it's time to compromise. Watch CBS19 for the latest on the Debt Debate & hear from Rep. R. Hurt
brought the list of names we brainstormed for eschec back to Cincinnati..Dragooned was the decision thanks for your help!
Thanks so much. We have much more where that comes from and we love what you are doing as well !!
what is the other song for the midterm he never emailed me back!!!! :(
Twitter likes you a lot but isn't ready for a serious relationship right now.
1st had a sprite commercial, then does mountain dew, now nicki has a pepsi commercial...can u say endorsements.
This is why ppl don't get 100% from me... Then wonder why
i want to have a very special fight. With you
Food, friends, skiing and of course dogs: “: Headed to in 36 hours...powder , drinks on ”
It was confirmed by a high school volunteer today that I have better taste in music than S. TAKE THAT HUSBAND!
Me? Jealous? Of you? Ohh honey bless your heart<3
my spirituality is beginning 2 take over me,i'll transform into a precise image of GOD,let your heart lead u n may u be blessed n everything
I think your feet are bigger than my whole body.
Doritos & life savers gummy bears
thanks so much for following!!!
A Janurary show with David Lindley in Bend Oregon! Cool! This has me excited! (I like excitement)
My life is yo Entertaiment....So watch me....ill live it....so I hope u catch my gud side......
Glad we could help out!
3 year old is carried out of library screaming they don't want to leave. Cut to 14 yr old: "I don't care! I'm never coming back here!"
Honing in on comp. goals 2012; 1 choral piece, 1 organ suite, 1 extended piece for str. 4tet. Now: nose to grindstone.
I agree, we're being robbed of a full month of mid-50's
Yes we ship to Bermuda, are you looking for any fragrance in particular?
wtf you serious ?
Merry Christmas!
New spot "Hostel Earphoria" hosts MINES / Room Runner (ex ), + more. 9PM. 34sixty4 w. Divurzey. Don't be a dick. BE THERE.
Once again VMWare has updated a product and completely changed its name. Thanks for making things easy guys.
Oops! Forgot the photo... Coming next ;)
"Has the baby arrived??" calls have already started.
You must be talking about the Ginsu Knife spot.
are you gonna dress up?!?...:P
There is no silver bullet, but technology is a part of the solution.
lol seriously. you dont just sign someone for that much money and have him sit. lol
Who is the best foreign band you have recently heard?
Thanks Little One :)
I'm leaving at 8:30 tomorrow morning when you decide to go back
Thanksgiving with my family was GREAT....just wish i could've seen my favorite cousin! but evrything was good, and for that i'm thankful for
I love my Momma , She always Puts me First ... Today Im going to Put her first .. (:
hey Austin's friend :)
Sat 9/3 Mark Towns "" Solo #Guitar at Kings Harbor, #Kingwood, TX 7pm - 9pm #Latin &
gud look time 2 follow u
Happy Birthday, Brett!
22 more days. :)
right now...
go Tony!
:/ what does list you 20x mean.
If SMC wants Cartmenez as consultant, I am available, not paid to provide solution. To tier fees is morally wrong.
#Faith RT : We need these wins!! RT : We'll get the W nxt time
Alas no peeps diorama for me this year. Maybe next year I'll be 'over' my Peeps/Pokemon loss.
Just previewed the first two episodes of 's "Girls" at Doc Films, and it is Good. Viewer, I clapped.
I like T-Rich but if they gave up 22 or 37...
Surely if this is our year :)
Today is going to be a great day, I can feel all the possibilities!!!!
I've spent too long trying to think of a Daniel Dae Kim/Daniel Day-Lewis joke, so I'm just going to put it out there. Similar names.
yes you did!you said that none of my favorite bands and people loved me!!!
Another day, another dollar
Sometimes I say crazy shit to ppl.
I'm ready for whatever God brings me !
I resent the email just to be sure.
Sounds yummy!
good suggestion. I think having an extraordinary parent is key factor since it's an inherent daily modeling relationship.
my place tomorrow. Everyone is recording
"One of the redeeming things about being an athlete is redefining what is humanly possible." -Lance Armstrong
Maybe it's my age, but I'm partial to Chocolate Chip Classic™ RT : Favorite holiday cookie? Ours is def snickerdoodle.
1. Purpose and Vision (without #2 this does not exist).
Get 'em both drunk
I need that tank for work! ;-)
hey Jesse! How long is in LA for?
No ... Cash Cab has been cancelled!
needs to get on twitter and follow me so he can be
All those, yes, and the great Mariano.
cant wait for the tribute at the #VMA tomorrow!!!!!
Played a little volleyball and badminton on the freshly mowed lawn! Beats going to the gym :)
Ellis to was so sweet I replayed it twice! Thank goodness I still heard Jon's diss on lol...;-)
wooooop. learned the plucking for the intro of safe and sound! goodnight:)
Pam Slater-Price and Dave Roberts to hold press conferences same time/place on Thu; leaves little wonder for who she's endorsing
Thrift Town on El Camino. Spotted them last week and came back for them. Never had luck in Dixon. Good haul!
LIVE #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "DATING...Is Investigating for a Future Investment."
That's what I figured. Thanks!
Wayne Meisel: we need to wake up and engage in community service and social justice movements as we meet them.
Thanks for the information!! I really appreciate you!!
Stand-up Comedian Mike Lemme () and YouTube Sensation John Mingione will make their #patCAST debut next week!
im just hanging some of my clothes :)
"Remain true to the earth." - Friedrich Nietzsche
Pretty damn excited about my new Rieker boots. My formerly frozen feet are thanking me too.
Come check out our awesome jewelry and sculpture displays from MS. March's Coronado HS class.
Were on another journy today guys. :)
U silly! RT : Oh lawwd. is following me on Twitter. She knows better.
"Communities aren't created, they are courted." - Henry Jenkins
Thanks for the innovation, and for the follow :)
Klaus and Caroline <U+E328><U+E328><U+E328>
Taylor Gang or leave your coke stash with
and she looks really hot on the video omg
Yes it is sculpting time xx
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest. Mark Twain
Can't do #morningjoe anymore, but found 'brien's almost as smart & edgy as our #nerdland #uppers shows
I'm excited about Adobe Creative suite 6
Thank you for the mentions - great info on your Copywriting Daily, proud to be part of it!
yeah I hear ya lol
My life.
what you think about the packers?
Yeah I'll Just Ask Ms. Kirky Later On Next Week .
#regalodenavidad: Listening to our Paso Nuevo Band's first-ever CD!! Pls RT
About to go take the free haunted elevator ride since V is asleep.
I just watched Oprah's interview with Whitney. So honest, transparent and pure. it is replaying on OWN. Please watch. It tells the truth
keep going if u want o get up to 400 tweets .
Big buf with a what- trick?
the boys are busy though and they get on when they can & if when they do you're not there its nothing personal I'm sure
must be going on an adventure... Have fun!
This has been the roughest most stressful year for me one thing after another, it ends NOW!
Thanks for following!
Yet I'm still waiting on a reply.. “: I text back fast.”
Agreed! Sox have had the same problem year after year after year.Maybe Ben C should learn how to do his job, PLEASE!
Pick me! I LOVE frosting!
Top secret picture! Probably shouldn't have posted it....OH WELL lolololol
Desire a #naturist special getaway $100 per night visit us
that would be cool!!!
Going to see "One Day" @ Regal Theatre (Union Square) - perfect way to end the weekend!
Hi Dave! Your McEvoy video got huge kudos at a retail meeting on Friday - everyone loves it! Congrats!
#Huguely trial resumes at 9am. Defense promises to wrap it's case. Will Huguely take the stand? We'll keep you up to date.
Tornado sirens are going off. Whoo scary!
on the way home now.. Will do my best to listen in.
I agree it's a runaway race for KD. Kobes prime vs LeBrons now, Kobe way better
Maybe I'll just tell him half the cool articles I find and post on FB are from Twitter...
Trying to stop saying 'Good question' when someone asks me something I don't know. Also to stop saying 'Stupid question' when I do know
[ I don't mind spending everyday out on your corner in the pouring rain..] ... She will be loved
RT : "I can accept failure, but I can't accept not trying." - Michael Jordan
thanks for speaking at Hamilton Baptist Church today
Ugh. Gates is fat turd. That's Fonesty (Fox plus Honesty).
have a great trip man!!
I hear ya. Still, I can't believe judges wouldn't tell their clerks to find a different source.
fresher than a peppermint! Ohhhohhhh! Lmaooo
#OTG #WEAREOTG #OTGLIFE Making music should be a extension of who you are, not who you want to be!
Look on the bright side - the aircraft will *definitely*not* BACK into a mountain
my cousin Dan is getting married in Illinois next month-i am so happy 4 him! i hope we can make it&visit family in Indiana 2. I <3 Indy
Yeah, The Prince of Tides is on tv again! I love it when a film is adaptated from a #book and it is almost as good as the source material.
TVs went on sale the year I was born. They were lousy, but good service. Now they're great--but lousy service. You can't get one hooked up.
Tune in to the DeWitt Law Review at 2pm on AM 580 WDBO Orlando
Follow on twitter for updates on upcoming products!!!
Yes, I thought that was you! RT were you at the 6 am class on Tuesday & 5 am class today for ? :)
I think the frost burnt up my Oregano but everything else is fine. We've already had a couple salads:-)
Yes! So when ya coming to visit?!
Sometimes I try to force myself to care less, because I care way too much.
Sorry I missed your Fail-off. I was stuck in a meeting.
haha yeah usually gives me good advice.
sometimes uses bad grammar intentionally!!!
DL Walter Curry on air w/ #1620amTheZone's Mike'l Severe for the #Nighthawks radio show rt now @ #Dave&Buster's
because public transportation hubs experience a high volume of traffic, yielding a large quantity of donations.
I 4 got how much fun it was to hang wit my sisters and cousins
oh...nvm den D:
Thanks ladies for the #FF mention. Right back at you and have a great weekend!!
I know that I'm not, all that you've got.
forgot to put my ankle brace on. oh man what gr8 start to the day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
No, just a record of teasing or standing by when I shouldn't have and once stealing someone's fancy eraser.
I need sleep and food no more partying for me..unless something is well worth it
this Mims Move song is taking over down here
As far as I know, I really enjoy Android phones versus the Iphone. =)
You don't think I got home at 6 this morning and now I'm just waking up? Well I am.
we leave the base out to charge but the brushes are covered in a cabinet. #youwannafuckonme?
you guys quit?!
“: #indy #foodies: wins James Beard Foundation "America's Classic" restaurant award. One of only 5 named this year!”
Excited to head out to the #imediasummit this weekend! I think this is my 6th or 7th year!! Will be great to see all of my imedia peeps!
Happy Fri the 13th! Don't walk under any ladders, pet any black cats, or open any umbrellas indoors. Other suggestions for things to avoid?
if you grab him by the collar ... Something something something if you grab him by the pants you going make him dance lmao
In one of my fantasy leagues I traded Roddy White and Colt McCoy for Aaron Rodgers and Devery Henderson. Good or bad deal?
Always consider your inventory as cash and count it consistently and thoroughly. Use OCRA to simplify your invoices by calling 303-333-OCRA
RT : I miss you guys! #Texturelove -- We miss you too!!
When I read tweets about a decomposed body discovered, I immediately lose my composure.
Definently not the self-help section..=)
I'm more afraid of the frogs.
talking to my boo
JB of SS just said Watson has an X-Factor of 111 degrees. Saying his shoulders turned over 150 degrees away from the ball in his backswing.
sweet! can i call you now to schedule for tomorrow?
nice reminder and beautiful picture :) hope your weekend is fantastic!
it makes me mad when people say "yeah I'm a mahomie. I love austin BUT he didn't used to be good and he's not really talented". Wut is this.
yes. That's what I strive for.
And I eat like a savage lol
Even Trey Wingo cracking jokes in studio. Like hearing Tirico, Jaworski, and Gruden isn't bad enough.
You can’t just assume that everything will always be the same because things change; especially people.
Why cant i stop thinking of you ah
Nothing is funnier than randomly running into your DAD at while you both should still be at the office.
Photo shoot with #Jackie Howard for Austin Life Style Magazine!
Check out Monica and Shail's engagement session in NYC featured in South Asian Bride!!
Still recovering from the loss. It was a special season, looking forward to next year!
You know what they say about men with big noses... More boogers.
I bet this is the best day you have had in a long time Tebow leaving denver
boys have more ass then girls now and days
Need to speak with someone today if possible. Please DM. I'm available until 3 PM.
officially - I belong on a dude ranch.
Beautiful people use Afrosheen...
think I'm gonna try to make it #marchmassness with a cut in April
good night...
how does this make u feel? “: RT : Goals for 2012: Thierry Henry- 9; Kenny Cooper- 9; Philadelphia Union-7.”
You may want to reconsider your breakfast of choice. Consider cereal.
check out Dagnomusic.com its free sell your music and keep 100% of the profit!
Good to see you as well I'll send you a link to the next one I make so you can see how much they stand out from the crowd
Okayy, so in Mr. Katz 's class we did a weird CPR "emergency" with manicons && desks all over them...
LISTED THEIR TOUR DATES!!! I have July 23rd circled on my calender!!!! I CAN'T WAIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Watch at 8 to catch covering departing for #ReturnToDuty. This it it. //
Not sure where today went.
I like tacos.
What a day.
But I know one fact I'll be tough act to follow.
This is so true! (:
get me out of this class hahaha you know I wanna study me some earth science!
oh I thought you were going today for final review
": Spot on. RT : While T. Richardson is class of RB class, don't underestimate NFL impact of CHRIS POLK"
Good times!
I need something to do today
fucking iPhone auto correct. Piss me off for what iPhone
U aint following so i cannot DM u RT : Yea, been a long time. We'll meet up
hey its me mary w., please follow me back. :)
this was a collective effort that should be the pathway to future success
ok... let me know if it does :)
it's simple. Beat us.
That awk moment when you think it's payday but can't remember so you don't want to ask your boss for your check.
Just sitting here, doing #Codecademy, eating peanut butter out of the jar. That's Friday afternoon.
Wow, that's saying a lot. RT : omg, so good. best post-apoc book/s I've read since the Stand
if u dnt take yo shinin ass to bed
San Antonio's trusted name in t-shirt & custom apparel screen printing & embroidery. Hit us! You'll love the prices, turn time & service.
It's hard considering how much they're demonized and punished for deviation.
bol, we are thinking it will be about the same here! Noisy fireworks and noisy Pugs barking at the fireworks!!
i love you too :) <3
Just landed my UFO on planet FUCK YOU! And it feels FUCKING FANTASTIC.!
The little girl singing "Feliz Navidad" in the Hyundai commercial might be
The kids are Allah right
What's good ladies and gents??!!
Iidk i dnt think he scored yet
thanks for the tweet :)
at the library because this is how i spend my monday afternoons. mhhhmm
is that a serious song request?
why does it need to ID your sex? YOUR sex, right? also, wouldn't "gender" be the thing it needs to ID?
The lakers are playing so bad it reminds me of a Chargers playoff run
Not yet, but working to make it real. Right now, just looking for feedback, suggestions, advice. Hope to be live by the fall
yah, it was really good. Suprising ending.
ok, but if you look at my internet history, i'm researching a movie about two male centaurs kissing!
If they're talking a package deal, it would have to be either UK or UNLV, with UK being the highest on both of their lists.
they just played our song on AGT, swag. #countrygrammar <U+270C>
Tasting the 15-year aged Oolong we got in... Great stuff. Complex with notes of dark honey, dried grape/ raisin, spices and a long finish
Yayy Britney got an award! :)
#Flizzor gonna go #supersaiyan on these fools
That will be a mistake. For Veras would have rather have kept McGehee.
a simple stat, the number of STOPZ every team av per game.Simple way to see who struggles offensively.
My Stance: Parcel Tax – Don’t waste money pursing an idea that won’t pass.
I've been looking all day for decent gifts!
To Canon 5d or not to Canon 5d... that is the question
Sun slow to appear, but eventually we'll get sunshine this afternoon...highs in the low 70s.
I haven't been able to get in any of the online games at all. Meanwhile, already beat campaign on twisted difficulty. :-)
: reading Silencing the Past by Michel-Rolph Trouillot
RT : RT : Read The NRA Show Daily <U+25B8> today's top stories via #NRAShow<U+25B8>...
this just in....tweeting ur mega millions ticket does not improve your odds
dancing like a complete freak
and thats how its done!
at least she knows we don't do any of her homework she assigns.. Why take notes if all her quizes are open book
it made me twitch a little bit, that's about it. Haha
people bitching over who texts who first is funny af though; like really? that's a "big" problem? get yourself a therapist LOL
FACT: This new 40 lb. bag of dog food is just unprocessed poop I'll have to pick up again in the yard.
There's really no point to this mini graduation were about to have.
It's a cool place in downtown Long Beach. You can get tickets at the door for $5. Which song did you like the best?
the spanish water will have rice and beans in it
2 hours at the gym?
STOP. Hammer time.
It's not even stupid it's actually amazing.
talkn bout the rims?
its ok I got it working now
Happy hour starts at 5! Come in for food and drink specials to start the week out right
Good morning, TGIF! Looks like another beautiful May day!
to the good part!
All Seaside employees & residents receive 20% off any lunch or dinner entree for Appreciation Tuesday!
1. Go to google. 2. Search for ‘flawless homosexuals’ 3. Look at the photos 4. Laff. RT if you did it
What's on tap tonight ?
Call me when you get to Toho. I live on the C-37 canal between Hatch and Kissimmee. 863-696-1011 Shop, 863-696-4438 H Kevin
madden next week? I havent practiced, but I'm like Iverson when it comes to that
The Wings of a Dove Bar
got my phone taken away:( ah i just know i have a lot of texts!:P
y u watchin it still
Like a commercial ? RT Before I die I will have a bonfire on the beach
Need to reach someone in Portland. Is Sanskrit on parchment flown by owl still the local preferred method of correspondence?
I woke up this morning to my baby girl wide awake, singing a song. What beautiful music.
this is AMAZING! You have a very smart 6 year old! I hope she get a popsicle afterwards!
Shout out to new follower Organic Mineral Makeup. Thanks for the follow!
#HappyMothersDay! Mom: Thank you for making it look easy … there are nights I curse you for that!!!
Another group asks why I focus on African American youth. Well, the following stat is going to reveal why. This made my heart drop
Bout to hit the road, carrizo springs here we come, pure O.T. Today makin that paper...
Friends don't leave friends at ghetto ass parties by themselves... I did have a good time though
I just lost so much respect for you
I wanted to turn in my japanese homework early but sensei left when I was about to turn it in.
watching and brittany make enchiladas #nothavingtocook :)
You sounds to be lonely. Don't worry. I'm always here be with you.
My number boy bye
He's next up on 'Dancing with the Stars'...
I do everything I do everything I'd do anything anything for u
Thanks for sharing that. Well, Sainte Chapelle is really beautiful (seen from pictures - haven't been there) and quite big, too.
if no one show buys tickets to the shows, them i am glad. does management think your fans are millionaires or something?!
Sorrow looks back, worry looks around, faith looks up.
This Town I'm From Has Ruined My Life! Should Have Stayed In The City!
What is new normal - shrinking budgets, cloud, consumerization, high expectations How does IT stay relevant?
Digging my way thru corporate mazes attempting to get to appropriate persons to speak with. Amazing how many corps don't want inbound comm
Hey buddy...you can do this....
Congrats to Lardarius Webb on his new deal. I'm fucking PUMPED that he'll be a Raven for the next 6yrs!!!
Sam Elliot gravelly drawl/voiceover for Dodge Ram ads indelible, and a 'stache on par w
Jut bein nice and u talk shit
Like wats up wit ppl n dey logic!!
For the record, I wasn't driving and 'tweeting' during that last tweet.
are you guys going to make any new videos??
that awkward moment when you watch someone get fired...interesting night last night
TaxLady says:IL 1099G reported NET of Use Tax Paid - wrong! Not how it should be reported on 1040! My software got it right on proforma.
When you are down to nothing, God is up to something.
#High Money The Mixtape!!!
I am officially broke
Got dang it I was rushing & not paying attention & took some of my dogs allergy relief thinkn it was mine #:/ loll
Via - goes hip hop in admissions video campaign - fun use of Storify!
"We have 100,000 Facebook fans, but those fans have all come to us organically"
We're offering automotive repair services at our 12520 Nacogdoches location. #ASE MASTER CERTIFIED MECHANIC
I've hash tagged #JetsLife so damn much that should make your boy an honorary Jet, lol...
Paone finds request for $$$ outrageous, spent good after bad money and now full circle.
Yes! Let's do it. Mine gets in around 11:45. I'll meet you near the taxis, and I'll wear an orange UT shirt. :-)
Thank you love! :0
Removing clutter from you workspace and living space can really calm you down!
When you become AWARE of your thinking, your life changes.
he's so bad. I don't get it. It's mind-bottling
"And you wonder why i hate you" sheesh thats how you feel about obunz(-_<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>)
Haha, best tweet of the day! (even though it just started - I'm sure it'll hold up)
#SWEETDREAMS #AKA'S FASHION SHOW TONITE!! THEN WE'RE TAKING OVER YOUR FRIDAY NIGHT ONCE AGAIN!! &
We're Back! Havent tweeted in a while. So much is going on here at VGI. We needed to start tweeting to keep you updated!
Billy Gillispie out... Donovan to UK, Grant to UF? If that's the case Alabama you lose.
I'm watching this doc on Harry belafonte. You seen it? Incredible!
You know you play too much tennis when you are sitting on the court right now with a laptop reading this
I don't have iphone...I have a droid my touch :)
Good Morning Everyone :)
Coding in 2012?? You gotta walk before you crawl. Reverse that.
Seriously, you haven't been able to do it in years. Let's make a bet on it.
Mine and conversation right now is pretty much priceless ! Hahaha
order stuff online then RT: Never ordering anything offline again!"
Thank you for an amazing first day of shopping The Ardor Collection!!! :) Keep those orders coming!!! <U+2764> www.cultuschichi.us
SHIFT 7: FREE CUPCAKES from , FREE BEER from w/ own mug. RSVP is.gd/veA0np
Took an Acadia load to salvation army, returned home to The Boy asking me why the center of the basement is flooded - yeah that's my Sunday
With all the hubbub against Fish for his myopic pieces, its worth noting that the good people of DH have forced his hand. Huzzah!
Los Angeles SLAM Pro Basketball Organization Of The American Basketball Association (ABA) searching for a city to play 2011-2012 ABA Season
Tech terrace sucks. No houses allow pets
as you should be! I just fixed your name.
Had to help my cat chase an ant today. There is nothing like rediscovering the power of teamwork
i want to see the vow!! might see it tomorrow. who wants to come, text me
Tomorrow"s anti smoking graphic ads is a small step in the right direction . what about the non smokers who pay the price too ?
Haha yea, where my pen at?
I saw the play later. It's a shame, but i tend to shy away from replay in MLB. But, if it was reversed, could have had tie or W.
Rather than waiting for the action, what are you doing to actively attract action? Do you blog? are you in a street team?
why do I keep finding myself around 90s rockstars? Rob Schultzberg continues to amaze me with his drumming and beer supply!
Last night I watched Chronicle and it was so good~ although some plot holes annoyed me. I wanna watch it again.
I am heading the Fulton St. Walk this spring. May 12th to be exact. I'd love to connect with you.
haha if u want help I'd be happy to do my best :) u can DM me anytime - I'd be doing some lucky guy a disservice if u don't
a relaxing or frustrating dumb?
Hey, , what's the point of the signin sheet at the BTD if some dude is just gonna yell 'Who's next?' and take whoever shows up?
This has been a shit week but I'm done with finals and looking forward to a 3 week vacation from school!
So I hear Bon Iver received a Grammy. Does that make them not cool now?
Boozer and Noah out... and asik in and we come back?
Judge done asking questions, taking evidence, looking at affadavits of service.
#3WordsForYou YOU ARE BITE-SIZE!! :3
I was hoping for the same thing! Ah well. Next week could be his-- won there like 6 times.
Already thinking of some ID's for my wedding day. Any ideas? (mainly directed to my 9-1-kix crew)
I'll meet up with you eventually. I have to give the account over to the next person at some point (I think)
My heart goes out 2 Kevin Na who's fought the demons & just hit it in the water. My foot goes out to the guy who sang na na na na, goodbye.
I told him to run up and down the hallway a few times... to get the full effect.
"Doing more with less is a slogan, it's not a sustainable solution." Yep.
Greatest in history? Hey, , he's in the building but you're not facing at #WM28!
I like that you love her so much! She's a badass! And "Who You Are" has the greatest message! Inspires me! :)
Hey David! How's the music flowing? :0)
still in focus group land.....
- aha! Thanks for clarifying that. I saw the fb post and then nothing in the Sun ... April 1 indeed.
(See patches of farm land and irrigation canals while landing) "Hello Michigan" lol
People dissing other peoples when they dont even know them.
you are a very wise woman, have a great dinner!
Good question! I wud think soon, I will try to find out what I can
Had lots of fun at our school fundraiser last night! Feelin' it today.
How I Saved Nearly $1,000 Buying My New Car
We're number 8 on the ReverbNation Blues charts.NEW music comming:)
on a limb. Yes.
I'm a survivor....
Dear God, 4give me for the sins I'm gonna commit...
seems that way
Love learning about & teaching art? Become a volunteer docent! Call 512-453-5312 x104 or email for more info.
Not comparing you to crack, but girl, alot of men would be addicted to you! DoYoThang!!! #SwayInTheMorning!
we smoke dope all day all night
Don't change., ii like the way you make me.! C.
Yes. But did wish there was a way to talk about that without everyone else having to read the OP. Alas, hate is hate.
My phone ain't rang all day -_- oh we'll just shows that I really don't have real friends *shrugs* all I need is god,me,mom,and my dog <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Dear God, are we that old already?!
la ink got cancelled..what kind of world do we live in?!
Memorizing poetry to make good use of the time. First up, Gioia's "Words". Accepting suggestions for more.
Why must bands pointlessly argue on twitter?! Just shut the fuck up and let the kids listen to the music that they enjoy!
put these kids to sleep already.. getting sleepy but gonna stay up til 12 atleast
how was hangover part two
HUT UP!!! GET OVER IT AND LEAVE ALONE!
Stray crawdad claws on the sidewalk
We carry a wide selection of Electric Strikes and Door Strikes to fit every door configuration at affordable price ISDLocksmith.com
“: Happy Bike to Work Day. Hard to carry my wheelbarrow, shovel & hoe. Maybe I should get a trailer.
im going to make your day with two words...frozen nutella.
When people don't have their voicemail boxes set up. ...
Malin Alegria's new Border Town series book "Crossing the Line" dealing w young teen Hispanic angst "Leer da poder"
I have to go to a cheer meeting, without What the heck am I gonna do?
The Oreo cookie is 100 years old today! Come celebrate with a waffle cone of Cookies and Cream Ice Cream!
“: "Blogging is intraveneous communication." - Sam Bee
Caught a gut shop-lifting condoms today but I left him off.. the embarrassment that everyone knows he's a dome-wearing pussy is enough
There is nothing worse than a sexually frustrated terminator.
awesome idea. i think we also need examples of practical hands-on projects 4 meaningful tech training
Apply now for MA in DH. Current students doing text editing, tool building, instructional design, game studies, etc.
Our #TeriyakiChicken is new and improved! Try it w/ free range chicken, carrots, snow peas, edamame, and organic rice w/ new sauce recipe!
ugh! so frustrated.. im trying to vote for & but there is not vote button so i cant! :/ *tear*
u mite as well be my twitter wife lmao
Spurs are good. But the Thunder are way too athletic for them. But I don't think they can guard KD, Russ, or Harden.
Attention Cardinals: Your Welcome!! -Eagles =)
thanks bro. The shorts are snug but the socks still fit. Troop 939! ps Congrats on the new gig.
Got a day off from haha
I thought I had responded to this, but maybe I did so just in my head. Regardless, yes to all of the above!
TDKR needs up it's marketing. I'm only anticipating it because it's the sequel to my favorite superhero movie...well second favorite now.
Thanks for the hospitality and amazing BBQ! You are my personal BBQ Jesus :-)
To disprove "dog hater" accusations, Mitt Romney straps Guatemalan housekeeper to roof of station wagon.
looking for 345 followers :D
You'll have first dibs! RT : Yayyy!!! Send me link Joy! Thanks!!!!
"Then it is Saturday, and Sunday comes afterwards."
Thank god for cough syrup I guess the flavors don't have any flavor lol....Off to bed I go maybe can't sleep probably go to sleep at 1 a.m.
the closest I got was watching three musketeers in 3D...
I guess I'm tired. That's why my eyes are red.
I watch every new episode of #MadMen without every actually watching it because of live tweets.
only way to tell if that ball was fair is if there's a camera angle perpendicular to the pole. TV angle isn't accurate
OK I'm FEELING ABSOLUTELY SUPER FABULOUS TODAY!
You never disappoint us!
Nice catch Streeter!!!!, now that is concentration man
"Wade in the Water," new program of gorgeous spirituals, tmrw 8pm! Tix available online or at Wentz Hall!
Realizing I need to make myself more friendly
not too long ago, 2010
If you don't like kids don't teach?
You can only fight so much for a relationship until eventually you just give up.
Tomorrow is Dr Seuss's birthday. Will you join us for a party? Will you? Will you? Story time from 12-2!
we should. Quickly. Tell me everything about it in 140 characters
your welcome! If something like that happens again, plz send me a message if yoir okay!
because Taylor can do whatever she wants
I will search all through the night. When I find you I won't let you go.
susiedavis said it is the best spinach chicken salad she had ever had!!!
One of my all-time faves.
": U got talent #nowwhat? Ur talent is Gods gift 2 u.. What u do with it is ur gift 2 Him"
- Thanks for letting my girlfriend and me take a picture w/ you at Taste of DC.
A Lonely liver suspended in liquid. ~ Bleeder, Alkaline Trio
re; and as always thank you for letting us know. You are such a great viewer!
Never make the one you love feel alone, especially when you're there!
You know when you trip over nothing at work and a single tampon flies from your purse?
Licensed Security Companies across the nation turn to us for their Security Staffing needs,
Thanks lady! It's an oldy, but a goody ;)
Venison Sausage w/ Oregon Blueberry! Blackberry Double Chocolate Brownies today!
hendricks makes gin? ;) “: I'm partial to Bombay Sapphire...that flowery stuff...Hendricks? Not sure about that...
invited DAN SNYDER to the #WHCD?! ARE YOU INSANE?!
swiper! No swiping!
who do you have #wynning tonight?
If you make your living breathlessly wondering whether Obama's old girlfriends might dish dirt, you need to
#MelloyDodge has a full line of new, pre-owned and certified pre-owned, cars, trucks and SUV's! There's something for everyone!
Don't worry thats what sore-losers say. Go I am sure they'd have sympathy if we lost.
Do you like huey lewis and the news? their early work was a little too new wave for me tastes...
is the only human you can workout with?
Getting an Etsy account set up and will be posting items for sale soon! -J
The hit! Twitta constantly tells me i have 50 new tweets! Save us o' Obiwan, your our only hope!
really? you were up to like 3 a day, right?
My husband and I loved your breakfast burrito - any chance you'll bring it back???
Debating -- do I go get lunch now or just eat the Larabar in my bag and keep working?
question...is corey hart the worse x2 all star in mlb history? << richie sexson has to be in the conversation, doenst he?
cool, dats good ta hear
Looking forward to #GuysandDolls with my girls tonight !
I always appreciate supporting projects by people who have themselves supported projects in the past.
for me too, they gon gimme my pay check. Lol
The BEST Google Doodle ever !
Short notice, and I don't own the rights to most of them, but if you contact their distributors, there might still be a chance!
That's great! And now that I'm nearly done, I should revive my personal website. And cross post my #hyperlib posts there.
My dog could have caught that
Is radio slowly getting extinct? Which media will survive?
but what if photos are on charity site? use then (for reference for gift officers)?
So, Jerry Brown consulted with Republicans before proposing 13.3% tax? "Move2Middle" is just a call to support tax increases.
If I had a British accent I would never shut up
waiting on ..... WAKE UP WATSON
La ha today was on point
Dismay prospect: vs. World Series. Considering that match up makes watching cricket suddenly seem interesting.
Smart Money Monday: Financial Tips for New Parents
Who in your present belongs in your past? Let the wrong relationships die so the right relationships can live.
Enjoy the simple things.
Q : rate , date, cuff or duck. Can I get tha number A: 9;Date/Yes/Cuff/& Yes You Can Have My Number
There is a dog in your future.
The Lakers look Turrrrible!! Black mamba will have to regroup his squad for game two or this could be over quickly.
be there soon enough we got something planned
Gunna clean my room spotless for my mom
Early night cause early morning night twitter!<3ill try to post pics when I arrive!
Bridal Party : Fall Wedding Menu: Charles Levine Caterers & Events
:D I'm gunna make you and Ashley cupcakes for your birthday;**
What if its spam ? RT : if u dont answer someones tweet back u are not cooler then them you are just boring
“Some people never go crazy, What truly horrible lives they must live” (Charles Bukowski)
But I prefer to scream about ice cream, figuratively. This has been my summer of ice cream.
it's College Football day :)))
Bitches are really sensitive nowadays!!!!
yes prophetess, I receive that Word. We shall run for Freedom :)
But what will MTV do for reality shows now?
make it me, and Sonnet 130. And really do justice to that phenomenal last line. I know you can.
TONIGHT is UPTOWN FRIDAY NIGHT at RAS HALL!!
Down goes Duke! Down goes Duke!
Run for cover, it's storming out there!
Why did I just find out that there is a show running at I really want to see... that is closing today? Boo.
probably saturday after kai's game.
Its cold and snow! I want spring
Thinking about that Ur2Girly Accessory Line by I gotta cop me a few pairs of earrings and some feet/ankle bling
Agree!! RT : Happy Birthday to the woman I was named after! Great lunch! And seeing there was great too!
Taylor's in a terrible mood. Could hardly offer his teammates a high five as went to the bench.
i almost guarantee she knows the deal
“: Just saw a four-car accident by Bryant Lake bowl...girl is sandwiched on the sidewalk. How does that even happen?”
Hi Mark, thanks for the follow!
I think he's decent, but Hollins needs to play him more and earlier. He doesn't do anything until he absolutely has to.
lolol c': okay
Thnx to all who came to F/N last nite! Hope to see more of u this wknd! Tell us what u thought & tag
already am
RIP Donna Summer
You Are On Your Phone So I Have A Chance You Will See This. Hahaha PLEASE FOLLOW
My 1000th tweet go to my freaky babies and my baby Damien!!!
South By Southwest in Austin, TX.
Tuesday night Paragraphs will host for their March meeting. We love feeling like part of the community.
first loss by the hands of a Greek.
I got a tattoo at that place on Yale & Gold. It was good & reasonably priced, but I was just getting a real simple tattoo.
All is fair in love and brunch
Bitch see me!!!!
Wow. #Bucks get rid of and get Kwame Brown?Oh, and Monte Ellis.Good luck mate! MKE will miss you all you've done for the city!
Gettin fucked with some long lost friends ;)
ugh. ~> "Quick research. UL has not swept a two-game series with #UKbaseball since the 1970 season"
I'm using #backbone js binding to simulate an afterInsert handler for the first time.
Saying goodbye to a best buddy today. Love you, Parker.
O just heard that we'll be getting restocks of Ttereve Monday, AMiRA jewelry, and brand new line Lemon Kissed.
I think of it as more north or west. Midwest I associate w/Nebraska, Kansas & Illinois & that general area.
Watching sun-glittering puffs dance around the surface of the Charles River. Can hardly wait for to be open again...
I wish I could go to the event.
40 more minutes! I'm getting so exited!! :D
Need that bulletproof face
I'm at my gran gran grandmas wanna go like at 3? Who you with?
Rihanna- Skin ;-)
finnaly back home from chicago...i missed home
Trying to see what all the mystery is about with secret social media site Waiting for my invite...
will you marry (OR ME) ?
A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones. (Proverbs 17:22 NIV)
We ordered ours through FSR, Inc. here in Cville. They're an approved UVA vendor, which we had to use, but they do good work.
I love everything about you in your dreams when your sleeping snap back in to reality and get that heart broken baby
RT : peaches and cream, will FOREVER be the jiz-am lol
thanks 4 following. I got to hear you speak in October at 5stars hall of fame clinic. Hope to get up to providence.
Happy #Malbec World Day everyone! What will you be toasting the day with?
looking forward to checking out your tweets! :)
Love my bad boy image
90210 Was Good.
who is this I don't know mike gucciardo
i may just do some at home, but if you want to go, I'll do it!
catch you later!
Awesome! A lot of people are barking about Zodiac
goodnight taylor and thank u for follow :) im chelsey
I'd like a Jesus with cheese please with a coke and tears. GIGGLES! omg I'm loving this so bad. (tears are fries at Jesus-Burger)
Hey Billy! Keeping busy with ! Whatchoo up to?
Nothing reduces the odds against you like ignoring them. ~Robert Brault
and your mixing
It's gotta be more than Dat to bring me down
great to see you at Skillshare. Follow me back so I can DM you.
“: I wish I was single, ohh shit News just came in. I am SINGLE lol.” LOL
I'm not crazy ! I'm just a person who thinks that feeding my neighbour with cat food is normal !
What happened to the days where you could wear a Bob Marley shirt and not be considered a stoner.
Miami is going to win it all for sure!
Sometimes it's not the pain that makes you suffer, it's your own negative thought that makes things seem worst..
I hate when people just go to bed early and leave me alone #itsfriday!!
Good for you!
ok, i like ones that are spicy with lots of cheese
what would you put on a JARBEE T-Shirt? Best I've heard so far is “Drink JarBee Coffee or I'll Kick You in the Beans”
Thanks! Looking forward to the weekend!
answered the email. cleaned the truck. off to work.
If you allow someone else to determine your happiness you have signed up to be a puppet on a string!!!!
Thanks Kurt! Happy New Year! Hope 2012 delivers great fun & inspiring moments!
With the way this game has gone that shuld be enough 4 Rangers to advance.
; hey i just met you, & this is crazy. *
It's a shame no one got my "the pee wins" tweet cause I totally thought it would be featured on "I Love the 2010s."
Bin Laden's death renews argument over enhanced interrogation techniques. Did they lead the US to the terrorist? at 5:30 on
Well you made it to Wrestle Mania! yay! Yall lost, but thats okay. At least you made it!! :)
Lifted up
I could get use to this whole not caring thing........... suits me just fine
My question with my doctor is GIVE IT TO ME STRAIGHT DOC. Have MITT ROMNEY ever gave the PEOPLE or the NATION a STRAIGHT ANSWER? NLD Mom.
(AP) -- Maryland governor signs measure legalizing gay marriage, joining 7 other states and DC
thanks. I just retweeted to my followers. Send me the recipe and who to credit and I'd love to post
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: Don't just use #Twitter as a promo site. Keep a dialogue going - let people know about other things going on too.
“: Why is Billy Donovan's hair pointing at his nose? He looks like The Last Airbender." // Of course you saw that movie....
Amy was rockin' a bump-it at her wedding or what? Doctor Who: now Flirty and Fabulous.
Thanks for the support!
Yall bringing some cider to this announcement? RT: NC Gov. to make Asheville economic announcement
Don't forget to recycle whatever is valuable from 2011. The rest you can just toss out in the regular trash.
Hooray for marriage equality!!
Do you have hydration and pigmentation concerns? Make an appointment for our Organic Stone Crop facial.
Tonight's show feat. 's corporate chef Chef Nino w/ a dish you can easily make at home. 7pm, WLAE-TV Channel 32.1 or 14.
the only thing that matters to those sheep is what they're told matters
Happy Birthday love xoxox
$5 Belvedere Cocktails $5 Grey Goose Flavors $4 Sailor Jerry Rum Cocktails Not valid days when Cubs Play at Home All Day
just building a website...
Just reading your tweets crack me up & make me smile!!!
When ur a student at UK, you get use to it. Thats why all this conf realignment isn't a shock to me. It was my college experience.
so, which day for woodburn? I wanna be there when you're there...
thanks for the shout!
RT : #FF Gonna be a great weekend at the
Why R women so upset. He wasn't going to date you. Elway is not a Liar
So excited to have coffee with
a nice big twitter happy bday
Chris, I like the idea...I'd like to hear what ideas you have!
Are you going to watch Henry Ian Cusick (Desmond) from #Lost on Fringe tonight? 9pm Eastern on Fox.
Saw a Twitter account with 57,000 followers and zero tweets. What exactly are you following?
The official #Vinylmation Facebook page has reached a landmark of 7,100+ likes. That means a new sneak peek is coming. Disney Afternoon?
I'm staying tuned.
i doubt ima go to the party that's going down * shrugs *
Just experienced Titanic 3D with #twitterlessevieandcolleen It was epic y'all.
Android media tablets have collectively taken 20% market share away from the iPad in the last 12 months..
Just got back from a walk...feeling healthy!
& u feel losing a gm by 1pt is the same as losing by 50? Obviously nothing is diff in W/L column, but I dont think they're the same
28 #Repub govnrs say #health-care law’s #Medicaid provisions impose crushing costs during states' #budget shortfalls.
Awake early on a Sunday.... Ready for summer. Big changes happening to the band.
Multiple shout-outs to books by fellows such as and at
“Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.” ~ Thomas Edison
yea wee 'talked' lolol
Austin tweeted you AND your meeting him:D he really likkes you (;
Brewers parking available at Doyne Park for $12 (53rd & Wells) Opens 10am, Closes 10pm. Tailgating IS allowed. Alcohol NOT allowed. Go Crew!
Why must planning take so much work and thought...? #asdfghjl;
I can guarantee you that in 8hours every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #8HOURS !!!! LEGGOOOO !!! 67
went to this event last year and it was awesome. Met some of the guys very down to earth. Fun can't wait.
like he was actually fighting with you back?! And you made him lose?!
Hahahahahahaha -- oh, you were serious. No.
And don't get me wrong, I wasn't disagreeing with your initial statement ;)
Have the best weekend ever! You deserve it. Ravens 30, Steelers 21.
Late night munchies for some chocolate-chip cookies.
So whatever happened to your plan to make money with a 3D printer?
Chuck Norris can hit you so hard your blood will bleed.
Surescripts set out to just fix #backup but found could help solve problems on a broader #data mgt scope
Like this if your breathing don't comment if you aren't~Ashley
Agreed. I also had some big issues with the second one. First one is fantastic all around though.
Most excellent wrap demonstrating powerful use of strong mind against ice demons. Proud of your accomplishment! Dark roast time?
Morehead St. and outside chance with UCSanta Barbara
yay! One more week <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
RT : #Civilunions & other bills in #SpecialSession will need to start at square one, then work thru both houses.
SSBG helps 22.6 million people and 11 million #children with vital local services.
don't lie!
Sex with a girl sounds fun. I'd like to try it someday.
Happy shopping! With and !
My whole body feels sick! Glad my homegirl is here to take care of me:) not a #goodmorning so far :-/
Enjoyed listening to answer tweets during last night's win radio broadcast.
how sweet is that !!
#mbmbam overheard at funeral "I wish she'd buck up a little." In ref to emotional state of the widow who lost her husband of 40 years.
So, I can't look up. My kneck is in tremendous pain. Do I know any masseuses or drug dealers?
Why dont these touch screens come wit the lil pen or something its hard to tweet when ur nails done ijs it come wit nitendo Dsi wtf
Even if jelena did break up its okay. Justin will be really sad, but life will go on. He has his #Beliebers forever
RT “: Absolutely deplore any system which rules players out of major finals on cumulative yellows.”
ooh, do you know who? Hopefully for something fun!
Let the generation of the broken heartache be restored!
Anyone know anyone who can teach a member of our cast to conduct an orchestra with an air-baton?? www.kefproductions.com
10,000th tweet goes out to Jordany Valdespin whose first major league hit tonight was the game winning three run HR tonight.
mirror mirror with my fellow sontags
Washington sports won't win anything this century. Who wants to make a bet with their grand kids money?
OMG WE SHOULD SO START THAT LOL JK
Good night.
unfortunately i dont. boo hoo! i usely do meat in oven. i know not the same.
Watching aladdin in class ((:
I'm afraid much of that requires a passing grade on the O.W.L. I'm haven't even been sorted yet. (Thanks for the link.)
Productive day in the edit bay!
I was left unawares. But I thought, well, he cares.
Tell us more :-)
So, the 1195740 Maya Xultun number is a K'awil base value & the 341640 Xultun number is a fractal multiple of the cited Maya Companion No.
more like telling him the cat, having just clawed the eyes out of a dog, decided to off itself by jumping in front of a car
ah! Small world! I was there from 2007-2008 and then I transferred but it's a wonderful place!
I'm pretty sure if a movie is ever made about my life, Jennifer Lawrence will play my wife.
Sent my leftovers home. Lol
Adventure time >>
Last night in Houston! Hanging out with the EMPs at the Hilton. Join us!
got a very cryptic robocall: "Are you aware of the tea parties happening across the country on Wednesday?" click.
Got to get the car fix
Photoshoot pushed back but this week will still be productive
not my thing....
time to brush up on your Benedict Anderson!
It's raining...
Pregame talk by Coach Samples for game 1 of #SCACHoops tournament.
You need a space after DM for a direct message.
=UPDATE= We are open for buybacks! From 10 AM - 10 PM. Stop by after your finals because we have a ton of cash and free stuff to give!
#SJSharks have now made playoffs 13 of the last 14 years.
I wonder if British people sit around trying to talk in an American accent.
goin to bed!! night guys!! :)
43 VOCABULARY WORDS BY 8AM?! No, no prof, I don't have any other classes or a life, thanks. FORTY. THREE.
LOL that's my team of boos!! You, sir, are a starter. RT what's team Jette? I'm in, whatever it is, lol.
I'm presenting a brief history on cocktail bitters tonight @ Mr. Rain's Funhouse, the American Visionary Arts Museum at about 10:30 tonight.
super bowl tonight stop in $25 all you can eat and drink stoli and horny goat beers and food at half time. 2011 s 1 street
I love the feeling of rubbing freshly shaved legs together. Smooth. :-)
Hopefully soon! I was trying to learn The End of Us but I kinda gave up after the first quarter of it... xD
Car battery sh** the bed at the gas station across from the radio station.... Wtf
we have the same prob on #Android - Droid Maxx
Finally got Tweetdeck back in shape. Phew. That was an ordeal. Hope you're well!
lmao you make my day
Starships were ment to fly hands and touch the sky
Seventy-four views in seven hours for my class stats. Not too shabby for the first day. Go me! :)
My little cousin is watching Matilda, got the DVD for Easter. Lucky girl.
whew! was worried for a sec ;)
sorry I didn't tweet you back sooner j fell asleep Lol maybe we can talk later on tonight if that's ok wit u?
do you think he'll sit there tomorrow...?
im so bored:/
Hey it's Brian... Are you taking me to Surrender with you?
Happy thanksgiving to all gettin ready to party
The Noodle
Canadian consultants are the best. buzz words like "prOHcess" don't annoy me nearly as much when spoken by our neighbors from the North
Baylor is looking good against TCU!
..well good evening now lol..
Kind of excited for grocery shopping at Whole Foods.
no more Windows for me, next notebook will be MacBook Air - any comments?
Something Borrowed <3 cutest movie ever
We believe that The Bible has answers to life's biggest burdens. Come find out what financial freedom can feel like at #SPC this Sunday!
We'll be playing 2 brand new songs this Saturday along with an old one we've never played live called My Kiss. Join us!
ROFLMAO I forgot!
86th Street Pub has spent $12,000 on security.
We had an awesome time Thanks for letting us participate!
please please follow? It would make my life!(:
What an exciting finish!
“Some people talk in their sleep. Lecturers talk while other people sleep” <U+2015> Albert Camus
Congrats to the Wisconsin Men's Track & Field team on their Big Ten Championship victory - Proud to see them win it right here in Madison.
Best dream ever.
lol (; That funny moment when someone talks about you and you don't give a fuck.
Say a pray for us please.... Inspection of our future home today =)
Live video broadcasting software is preferred by the young generation so that they can share and broadcast the videos and live performances
bhahaha same here bro!
Let's head back to reality, I'm not here to see this.
20mins left so nervous please pick me :-)
Best Teen Wolf yet!!!!! I love you
It would be great if someone could teach me to respond in that manner.
Real men like meat, only dogs like bones ...
Producers send me some heat at
party tonight. Need to get out of this apt.
Did you see Moneyball?
whats his facebook url?
Is that a sly dig at me lol
Home Bank is a proud sponsor of "Heels 2 Heals" Charity Event Oct 1st.
Under the fucking mistletoe is where I'll be with JUSTIN. That's right
T1 - is it really that different from reviewing any other business? do business owners ever win fighting with poor reviews online?
All black everything ...
JUST SAW THE VOW. OMG JUST AMAZING -KENN
Pat Riley you are officially on the Hot Seat.
welcomes Lou O'Boyle as Strategy & Performance Coord. Psyched about recapturing such great talent & excited about the future
There are twice as many kangaroos in Australia as there are people. The kangaroo population is estimated at about 40 million.
is teaching poi class tonight at C-HAG, 6-7:30pm @ 1208 W Marshall Street RVA! Object manipulation practice canceled.
Absolutely! Thank you! RT Wonderful evening! TY & the rest of the crew!
fasho ill hit u wen am back in the bay area
Tony "Russo", the cat burglar
Halloween is quickly approaching, crawling along the baseboards, blowing cold air in our faces. Forcing us to turn away.
she adorable! Not ugly! Lol. I love that girl so much.
If u love your Mom and your makeing sure she is having a great Mothers Day Retweet This R/T R/T R/T
Watching Breeders' Cup races
please come visit this summer, for all of those reasons and more! Weekends are booking up, so let's discuss son!
Lush Puppy has decided that power cuddles are needed, and I am happy to oblige.
RT : For our #barcamptampa followers - We lost one of our original supports this Tuesday. died Tuesday
My mom killed my giga pet and having holographic charizard meant you was elementary school king
Oh yeah? Hopefully it's a good closing of a chapter.
Yes. Maybe one night next week.
Socially mediated technologies can become extensions of us in ways that blur the boundaries between man/machine. Resistance is futile.
Three weeks after traveling to Russia is still unable to credit my airmiles due to "system issues". You can do better Utd.
omg (american reunion:) i remember the 1st day i watched american pie. unfortunately i was 2 young 2 understand more thn half the movie smh
I mean... My zipper
I feel Newt Gingrich best articulates my views and is the candidate most likely to achieve substantial change.
RT : I love the fact that no matter how much email I DON'T delete, Gmail still tells me that my Inbox is only 8% full.
it's 8:30 and i'm going to bed on a saturday night.
Staring at the dead body during a movie to we if you can catch them moving/breathing
You think you giving me shit you can hurt me. You need to think again. I'm in some grown shit here. Maybe you need to do the same.
VEGAS IN FOUR WEEKS! I CAN'T WAIT!! :)
You're here, there's nothing I fear, and I know that my heart will go on<3 #AMillionForTitanicFans ~
Ok... So what's the secret weapon for women? Clearly I'm missing the point here.
your always at work lol
Reason allows humans to free themselves from primitive, superstitious, and dogmatic beliefs that keep humans ignorant and irrational...Locke
Deuces Lacey ; you stupid immature bishhhhh (: talkk shiit about my brother and get hiiitt bishhh. Oh wait..everyone in the city hates you(:
++ RT : A2: Proposals are important, yes. But more emphasis on being where your customer is...more on ones plate.
Oh Italy RT : Fiorentina have sacked their manager after he physically assaulted one of his own players
I can't wait to add (Georgetown University - The McDonough School of Business) to my LinkedIn account :)
Thanks - I have not seen you at any Dulles Chamber events. Have you been around lately?
did you get your braces off?
We have arrived in albuquerque. It took five minutes for a person to yell rebels suck! Live at 5, 10 & 11.
Heading to Taming of the Shrew at the Barnacle tonight. What a great night for some Shakespeare!
I just need to check with my dad, who should I invite?
Need to take sometime from Orlando #Really!!
I want proactive
My 6-year old niece loves Indiana Jones and Star Wars so much. She told me it was created by the same person.
ha thanks (:
lol i gtg im in the mountains
Happy Birthday To My Daddyyooo. (:
steamy showers when you're sick >>>>>
“: thanks Mike” <--- no problem , I'm going to start going through some of the UK boxes now
I told ya!
Insanity in individuals is something rare; but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs it is the rule.
#BackInElementarySchool I used to spend my whole Saturday outside even when it rained
sold! I will let you know when the budget allows and plans are in the works.
Not too bad, ty. Still trying to wake up. No excuse either. My wild nights are done & over with. :\ Hope you have a great day!
I might just drive up for $3 pints...if I cam find a designated driver to come with.
my typo of the day: ungrad_e_s instead of undergrads. Typo in a sentence: You are undergrade; report to the concierge for an upgrade.
I don't like saying goodbyes. I'm not very good at it.
The Frantic at Cool River tomorrow!! Homer Glen, IL 21+
some ppl are really annoying
I am fine tweeting you back from the plane to NYC spent the weekend in Miami.
You niggas don't even rap on beat
interesting! Thanks for the info :)
RT : "All my life I had to fight!" Ms Sophia ~ The Color Purple - will this always be the narrative of Black women & girls?
way to jab at me "virtually" .that still sounds weird x) A bucket for my cries.....I know I won't. Well there's plenty more ;)
Hey, sorry, just saw this - we actually could have some things opening up. Can you DM me your email?
Warren East High wbu
We are correcting the link, and she will update you when it is resolved.
me too! I've got all the Mexican food I need in the south valley
lol she cummin on her time
My special report on the Wieden & Kennedy guys behind the Dodge/Chrysler Superbowl Commercials. Sunday 11PM KOIN 6
Teaching a course about libraries in the context of the school of architecture. Bibliotheca I and II
i cant:(, but im going Orlando,Florida in 2014 Spring Break and thats when Austin goes there right!?;o
Once we have more Q1 numbers in, they will be posted at our website.
u were the beat reporter in #Pittsburgh for that story. You and Scott are the most twitter-fluent news folks cc:
tv appearance for what?
Holy shit, I can't believe I've forgotten how much I adore this era of Celine.
too late.
I would love for you to keep hip hop and hope for black women alive..seems like that's not the direction you're aiming tho....
Alphonse Elric is probably my favorite character in anything ever.
I can't be the only adult pushing 40 that still has one-person dance parties in my office to brainstorm. Right? Right?
Ok so for real this is out last week at Villa complete wit the MyCy dance break!!!!!
In honor of the first day of classes, tell us #dbualum, who was your favorite professor at DBU and why?
Real Pro systems has some really good templated sites
Return on expectation is about the executive conversation not just the report. But what are the distinguishing characteristics?
Dear boys, choosing restaurants that are closer to you, and inconvenient for me to get to, indicates a lack of manners. Sincerely, your date
i was once stuck there for 9 hrs. bought a bunch of postcards and sent them out. there's a mailbox in concourse B!
not sure but look at your ingredient list. The first thing should be a meat not grain
horse Eddie in the house...
U rite bout that bro. Especially those that double as artists, producers or writers themselves. & OMG school musicians.
Sometimes it lasts in love? Is it just me or is this sentence fucked up?
thanks man, appreciate it!!
Hey Pete. I have meetings till 5pm EST. Can meet at 5 or later though. Also can meet tomorrow if need be.
<--Love this! Lol
Awww! That's no fun! Haha...... Good effort on your part! ; )
wow, love for both of you just increased like whoa!!!
I love it when ghetto ass black girls as to touch my gauges haahha
might try to kill us
Previewing tomorrows big UFC on Fox fight. One on one with Velasquez and Dos Santos tonight at 10.
Dallas....God, guns, girls and burritos.
Sac fly by Mayberry scores Jimmy...1-0 heading to the top of the 2nd
u might hafta come fix this
That awkward moment when u realize you LOVE my novels :)
RT I want to bring another cigar around ..which cigar avo or aston
Where can I get sushi after 10 on a weeknight?
please follow, i'd love u forever if u did! x.
Thanks for using ShowClix William! Have a wonderful time :) Happy New Year!
Ugh! A SECOND bird's nest is in my front door wreath. The birds were busy while I was away. Good grief!
ask yo parents to write a check
pineapples bitch
Sales support admin, export asst, sales co-ordinator, credit controller, warehouse op, chef de partie - lots of permanent jobs!!!! Call now
hope you are up to no good being bad and corrupting morals...it's tough trying to do it all on my own.... :)
Success isn't for the chosen few,its for the few who choose.
Why? RT Now I feel like crap, son of a bitch man seriously
Rule of thumb. Unless someone looks like they are ready to deliver right in front of you, save yourself. Don't ask if they're pregnant.
There should be a store in Anchorage, AK!
So we listing Jordans as assets these days huh???
Time to take a new job, accepted an offer today. Just give 2 weeks notice. Moving on.
Twitter is so much better on the iPhone.
Looking for the clicker to my TV and found my phone I lost a month ago
How can we help? RT : Wedding ring shopping. Not my thing AT ALL...
Goodnight, I love you, & I'll see you in the morning.
Asia, R U ready?
#OTPCrew Love to see you all this week!!
keep those phone cameras ready for #pghmarathon #Jagoffs like #PeterParkers , cars that go the wrong way, people doing stupid stuff
i just wanna fly, put your arms around me baby, put your arms around me baby
Happy easter Justin! I love u, can u follow me? please<3!
"This is the definition of hell."
hey Phil! I like your face, will u marry me?
I need some sunshine sent my way...
one of the best around and a really great guy!!
I am the broker selling the great domain name 'WingSauce.com' Let me know if you are interested!
Thanks! That cannot be said too often.
oh yeah, add political stickers and that's a *doozy*. I just steer clear and observe with child-like wonder.
Finally, the food pyramid was scrapped. Wonder how much inpact this really had on nutrition in America tho
Nice Quote: It is impossible for a person to learn what they think they already know.
I'm going to playing basketball
Having many convos in the office RE trusting companies. If you feel you know an employee well are you more likely to use/trust that company?
Im not in love with my money, i just never waste an opportunity to make more.
Tv station promoting the video i'm doing geting people to be in it I hope no creepy people show up >.<
Sweet Debbie's is now offering sugar-free and fat-free organic power muffins!
That's so Raven of you.
CASTING FOR Trailer Park Housewives REALITY TV SHOW SET IN LAS VEGAS (Las Vegas, Nevada). Email -
awesome!! GO YANKEES!!!
"Tell me again was it love at first sight when I walked by & you caught my eye?" #OwlCity Deer In The Headlights <U+E022><U+E326>
Here is something we are in desperate need to borrow. 5 ft metal T posts. We need about 25. Any help out there?
Never say "can things get any worse?" because they can.
did he say that in a video?! Lol
I promise i just followed him come on.
Heading to The Conch Republic this weekend! Margaritas on me!
Inspired by experienced practitioners and scholars imparting their wisdom on the next generation of LIS
Remember how hard it is to change yourself
I'm rarely called "weird". I wonder if that's because I don't try hard enough?
Wow: First time two ND players have gone in the first round since 1994? #sadtweets cc:
Higher education can't be a luxury, it is an economic imperative
What title can you create that is provocative and unique? Here's an example: Warren Buffett Invests Like a Girl
Well if you do get a DM that says there's a bad blog about you don't open it!! It's spam!!
cool and I'll have to make one
A1: APPs will continue to be important--which ones depend on how reading habits change over time. And they are changing.
Hi Sarah! Are you looking for a new apartment in Chicago? We're a free service and would love to help! :)
then it repeats more and stuff. New song!
6+ fashion designers.
The Wanted If you could collaborate with anyone who would it be?? #t4starslive PS: I love you!
Thanks Cary! I should be home around 6:30.
Haha.THAT'S what it's for!
i think religion was created as humans tried to understand and explain senseless deaths. and to try to figure out what death is.
Secondary infection of other organs like the heart, lungs, kidneys & liver can all be affected when dogs have periodontal disease.
Good riddance to the Big 12 RT : Robinson blocks Pressey, knocks him to the floor, no foul. Interesting to say the least.
Yeah thats my start date! ill be on tour the 23rd-30th in March
thanks for the follow
OMG! Just finished cleaning the whole entire house all by myself. And i am so tired!
and it loves you right back
minus the Justin Bieber cameo..
Yup. Totally smitten
Let's do this boys. Make it a 3-1 game. go CAPS!!!
Because that's what Directioners do! We have no limits, unfortunately. Haha.
ah, just not my cup of tea
At a new salon and already not getting a good vibe..... Ruh-roh!
Confidence is sexy.
Good times hanging with at the Cellar in the Village.
butterflies butterflies *flapping of the arms like a chicken* is me and new dance move :) and
CONGRATULATIONS! A well-deserved recognition for some of the finest work of the season!
Tweet about peanut butter. Lose five followers. HOW DO I PLEASE YOU PEOPLE?!
Go Colts in the Super Bowl!
Two years ago today my mom passed away. They say it gets easier with time...hope so.
wow, talk about whiny, bitchy hypocrisy!
Idc what time it is , i always gotta have breakfast first
no! dont do it!!
So many cute kids in the shop today. I haven't been able to resist handing out starts and seeds to all of the tiny new gardeners.
And when I see you, I really see you upside down.
RT if you saw boxers on the side of the pool, so he was naked ?
At the end of the 1st inning in gm.1, Idaho State came out swinging with 0-2 jump start on the Viks! Let's get it going,ladies!
Friday Factoid: Sylacauga marble was used to create the bust of Abraham Lincoln, which resides in the United States Capitol rotunda.
He's a hugger.
good blog! See me on Tv or see you at Cellibrations ! Lol!
SHOUT OUT TO U GUYS! GO FOLLOW THEM!
Tickets are now available for our inaugural concert! Sept18th.
GOOGLE IT
Thanks for the shout out.
Why is the Cabaret Festival seemingly full of musicians and singers? It was the same with the Walk of Fame Festival's emerging artists.
yeah sounds like a great present (note the sarcasm) :P
Agreed!! “: #COLTSTRONG has yet to be trending in Indy. Lets get it rocking peeps!”
I think only you can know what your rightest things for you are, as you know. Plus, even if and when we make mistakes, we get to.
Thank You for all the support,concerns,questions etc this semester but we are finally back!!
Just replaced my windshield wipers for the first time. Can't believe I've been paying someone to do that.
Yum! Serving up African Kick Chix, Persian Fruit & Lentil Rice, Shirazi Salad,Baba Ganoush at 's weeklong Organic Care Workshop
The only thing I regret from Monday night was letting convince me to try hashbrowns 'all the way' at Waffle House.
Movie Nite :D
Save Big Money At Menards !!!
So was there only one season of Firefly? On episode 14, assuming it's my last. :( Just cried over Mal and Anora's bittersweet relationship
Officiating is the unc/ncst has been horrendous.
they were pretty good. I enjoyed watching them. I get the feeling they will be even better watching hem a few more times.
work and strees and no ride happend i have no friends left :/
The wrong way with a little result is better than no way with no results
Can Dirks pitch the save effort? because he's pretty damn clutch all the time and I don't trust our closers right now
I Messaged My Future Wife .
already recorded some need to get some more beats
Add your great mechanic to our database!
RT : Peyton Manning selects Denver, per AP So it must be true. And I must be the last one to know. <<tell people u were busy
Attn: Webb Students, May 19, 2011-All Library Books are due! There is a very high fine of $30 per book, for books returned after the 19th.
RT : RT : Technology needs to adapt to us, not the other way around.
I love when my mom just doesn't text me back. COOL KAREN.
people wanna hire photographer say 'you're gonna get exposure. the idiots don't know photographers get lotsa exposures
Any recs for an excellent bio of her? I want to know more now! I mean she helped Sinatra create such lovely music too....
Thanks for that, Lenny!
“ 24 HOURS, I WONDER IF IT'LL TURN INTO 48”
thanks for the #FF shout out! We're honored.
Not sure about events but I will be #habitat for #Humanity build event.
Super fun last night! Go check out !!
Ok guys Whitney's dead. Can we please stop complaining about NBCs programming now?
PMGroup has introduced a special referral program that pays you $200 to $400 for a couple of hours of your time if you're qualified.
A stunning L.A. day and a good workshop with the CD of It was great to see so many Asian American actors at it.
And now! for the FIRST Council meeting of 2011! Go #TEAL!
3 in standing water in my alley. Awesome
It's completely sunny outside and it's raining
Help: Updated to #TweetDeck v0.38.2 & option to send longer tweets no longer appears. Anyone have same problems? If so, how do I fix? Thx!!!
Wow. The LA times has John Simon as the 67th best player in CFB and doesn't even have Jon Hankins ranked.
Its a Busy Day at AvantGarb- Wishing you all a WONDERFUL Monday Afternoon!
My son also has a CHD. He has Tetralogy of Fallot.
and give us great advice , that helps us get thought our days. That shows how much they CARE about US
I am hoping someone is writing recaps of the Batman trailers so I can follow along.
thanks we were up by you. Had lunch in appelton picked up dog from a rescue in GB
What is your go to Arizona Adventure?
Finally home, let's see how much sleep I can get in two hours before going to work. Props to for sharing driving & company.
Got the perfect valentines day gift,
No idea. Find one yet?
Duh! Everyone knows it takes a proper *gruntsnortbelch* to get the attention of a REAL woman.
Yes I am presenting with a colleague :-)
After weeks upon weeks of racking my brain over a short film I want to write, one Fred Neil song put it all into perspective. Inspired!
RT : I tell her "I'm thirsty baby" she brings me juice i say "NO NO NO Lay down and spread them legs i want your juices baby"
Finished recording drums for one of our songs and currently mixing. It's coming along great.
I don't see how they are in business. There CEO doesn't look like the sharpest tool in the shed, ya know?
I thought that too!
die laugh! ;)
Has Highlight given you the initiative to connect with ppl you don't know based on common interests or friends?
Many phone tracking apps will over ride a phone that is on silent and sound an alarm?
any one in particular?
Alright we get it Rihanna...you're a straight slut that likes to get fucked. And apparently ya don't mind an ass-whooping every now and then
Thanks for #FF!
in last night's clothes smelling bad with nothing in my system except black coffee.
100% agree RT : Customer connection is an INVESTMENT, not a cost.
Feeling centered after my workout
thanks for sitting down with me and We really appreciated the time to share our story.
Finally outta workk !
Was Davidson the Lawrie ump?
Okay, I won't lie...I'm obsessed with in general.
See you in Berkeley, Ryan!
neww york in the us lmfaoo !
The NJP has a new tune posted on Reverbnation. Have a listen and become a fan!
Hey everyone ;)
Wikipedia's contents can be explored on several complementary pages
Whoa! Felt the earthquake in Sunnyvale Y! Campus... guessing 4-5?
Nice job on show putting perspective on UK-UofL rivalry
My mom just ruined everything
Tweet ~ Tweet ~ How are you doing?!?!
Good Luck Dude!
Men will drive around Manhattan forever before admitting they can't find a parking space. Women are too practical & don't give a rat's ass.
R.I.P. been knowing him for years since our 2 Party Promo teams merged in Dallas/Arlington UTA ( #HootieHoo Ent. )
Guess its a lay in bed and listen to Wiz Khalifa. Day. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Happy Halloween!!
Knees, now bitch.
i did it (: & it went shweelll.
Dudes: on your online dating profile, please don't have pics of your genitals. I WILL tweet them with your name. Try me.
San Antonio Stand Up for underground art forms! #DMCSATX this Saturday at ! Doors open at 8!
im so boorreeddddd <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I almost feel bad for him here the word ALMOST
Just speculation on my part. I'm Jewish, so is Gregory. He's Orthodox. They hate Obama. Tired w/MSM.
NEVER wish you never met anybody, because whether it was a good experience or a bad one, you still learned from it....at least you shouldve.
You have been a great Captain on a great team. Really a pleasure to watch this year.
- Oh def! Time for a girls night! Let me know. Miss & love you too!
Love and electricity are one in the same, my dear. If you do not feel the jolt
I can't wait to go to bed <U+E403><U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C>
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
Definitely green. :) x
Finally home!!! #IloveyouDenver!!
Praying for the guts to plan a mom-tot (kid) massage trade workshop - and maybe a weekly youth yoga class. Feeling gun shy.
Too. Much. Pollen.
best senior prank ever!<3
hi i saw you perform last week in DC. you sang a beautiful song that i remember referenced a queen. what was it so i can DL it
students have o Phones and I have 5 computers in the classroom, plus my iPad and laptop, & access to a computer lab
you know it lil bro
Hines Ward breaking Keith Rivers jaw will always be a great memory
that's exactly what I was thinking. Has to be a bot.
RT Poverty is a holistic issue. Schools are often obsessed with narrow, fragmented solutions.
I woke up at fuckin 430
Um...why do I feel like Emily just got confused over the guys names...and therefore picked the losers?
#CapitalOneBowl that was a bad move by not a true #husker for doing that man. Disappointing
In case you want to follow the newest Charger -- ...
False start on Casey Dehn, that'll back the Cardinal up to a 3rd and 8.
Tickets will go on sale Monday (19th) at HIGH NOON (ET)!!
Don't Forget Tomorrow Bus trip departs Staten Island, NY at 9:30 a.m. from Clove Lakes War Memorial Ice Rink, Victory Boulevard, Clove Rd.
I bet you still read it.
Winged outlaw sprint car racing coming to Maryville - WVLT
we have such an odd sense of humor...glad you're my daughter
ur doing well..!!
That HTP moment when I'm walking out of a sports store and a crusty older guy mutters "Cutie"...
A failure will be a stepping stone to success. <U+5931><U+6557><U+306F><U+6210><U+529F><U+306E><U+3082><U+3068>
I'm still here! I'm in the Dee Ellin track right now. Happy to talk.
Time for bed! Great night!
i really wanna go to the zoo...
For your motoring pleasure - Johannesburg Sunday World
You're welcome! Nice to connect - and you'll love #smcsea. Great crowd, great friends to make.
Millions of jobs can be created just thru the housing market alone. Unemployment can be cut by a minimum of 30%.
LOL! Seriously?! xD My last day is May 24th. We only need to come back if we have a test or something xD
wonderful. i swear i just had my phone. and now i can't find it anywhere. gahhhh
When he called it Booty Beat. Reason why I hate FF is because it is always the same people listed, defeats the whole purpose.
#RIPBig we will never forget you.
Did you know May is Barbeque Month? And on warm day like this a good time to pick up some bratwurst for grilling tonight.
Pretty little liars in 10 min!!! HYPE :D
aww! Why do you have to try?
There are some upgrades to the lift station at that corner and a Duke Energy project working in that area.
If submitting films via Vimeo or YouTube password protect it to give it a bit of exclusivity.
t-minus 1 hour and 33 minutes until May 1st.
Thanks! I now have 3 nieces and 1 nephew :)
ME SON IS DEAD AND YOU MAKE PUN!??!!??
IPad I for sale...
i love twitter...
On campus at Marquette all day! Need tickets, tweet or DM us!
Impossible is not believing in change.
I've decided to be a stay-at-home mom to my chihuahua. It's a personal choice I am making as a modern woman.
Thanks for attending the panel!
feels that circles are more about sharing information w/ people who are interested and less about privacy.
#askbilas How do you like Lexington? Have you been to Parkette Drive-In yet?
Enjoying life and gotta say I'm happy today
Love the art. Very unique!
Anyone out there review prog albums? We're looking for more feedback!
Is u ur girls bitch cuz ur wip-t.......Follow me,n I'll follow u
You're cute when you scream.
025hollytravis is inappropriate
Specifically ate right before lunch meeting so I wouldn't be hungry and what did I do? Ate the lunch plus key lime pie dessert.
No class today! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
saw Haven in Paris mentioned in !
Frown upon (that sounds like a pun haha).
We hope you all had a wonderful Thanksgiving!
find me for your AWESOME sticker!
Stevie Wonder, to me , is the best thing that has ever touched the music business. Beautiful.
Yarak family Thanksgiving wknd Star Trek episode count: 3 (so far)
#askriancosta If you were trapped on a desert island, what one thing would you wish you had?
well deserved, give him my praise please! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
The show was so crazy I walked out with cuts on my chest and broken necklaces from people clawing at me!
Tractor in parade beeping tune of "This is what democracy looks like" as crowd chants along.
8 Runs in the first inning - * blankstare* - Really? #Tigers - *rolls eyes*
We are 1980. Great song!
Who will receive the Jean Allard Glass Cutter Award at the #BusLawSpring Meeting Luncheon today? We'll let you know once it's announced!
Life will kill you.
Or "Let's Have a Civil Conversation about your Redneck Past and How it Gave Me an S.T.D." Box office gold!
Hunger Games was a very well done flick and we got to see what the 1% has in store for the rest of us 99% in the future.
Hahaha no problem!
I got it in at the gym during my breaks at work.
What you plant now, you will harvest later
Life without love is like a tree, without blossom and fruit.
follow me please(:
I will admit I have hair envy from that pic;)
Na Bring That. I'll Whoop U In That Too. I Got Live
wait, do you really live thur? Ha
Didn't you know that already?
Been so busy I didn't realize we signed 2 #cubuffs as UFAs! Welcome to The Jungle Tyler Hanson and Rodney Stewart! Do it #buffs! #bengals!
Haha. Let me get some! This shit will bug me all night.
u mean the singer dr.drew??
wishing it was the heart of saturday night.
#Gratitude: hard/satisfying work, shade plants, organization, warm weather, lending a hand and the kids... Always the kids.
Wisdom is like a baobab tree; no one individual can embrace it (African Proverb)
:) stay tuned for the correct answer..meanwhile, send us a direct message with your address so we can mail u a shirt for playing!
#3words: "ok it's on"
Thanks for coming!!!
So welcome! We are headed back to WDW this Friday!
YAAAAAAAY! this makes me so happy.
I registered for #4c12 mostly to attend RNF tomorrow
New friends
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind
i hate how the weekend is almost over.
wanted to see' think like a man' tonight
I got to drive the grandma car <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Note to self: don't arrive at work 45 minutes early
Wearing my favorite pair of underwear drinking all sorts of stuff, holding a boom box while dancing
They say to write what you know. I say write what you love.
Game watching at tonight. Early bird door prize drawing at 7:15 for those in #CBJ gear. bit.ly/qPmI7F tees available
Keep looking my way. My head is held high. You wanna bring me down? I dare you to try.
Tiki Barber to tryout Wednesday for the Edmonton Eskimos ().
Train from Tarrytown, en route to DC. A chance to chat w/ the folks from the Nat'l Academy, still standing after their annus horribilis.
Allow God to be your neosporin this morning & heal that open wound from the outside in to begin a work on the matters of the heart
Good Morning everyone, how was your weekend?
thank U for the info
98% of the people that go downtown aren't even there to shop. Just tryna get chose.
no display would be complete without Ozzie Guillens copy of the Communist Manifesto
How was dinner?
!!!o-o!!! Somebody tweeted 3 goggles yesterday...gotta get this trending! Lol
any estimate when your systems will support 810px?
Another day another dollar, naw, it's about making an impact with your actions and inspire the youth.
a java developer just told me nobody actually 'writes' java code anymore... it explains so much...
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe Cherish every moment in life, for you will never have that moment back..
Lol see... I mean I've heard of it, just never knew it'd happen to someone i knew
so was in my city yesterday. & I didn't get to see them. </3
ha yep!
#VIP #Philadelphia k lo k mi
At the same time, it is a story about all disenfranchised people who have suffered domination and oppression.
I love you babe!
Giving my 111th tweet to <3 love you Austy.
hey thanks!
you're supposed to be quoting We Ain't Them! Or one of his other new songs
Elephant bar for lunch m, what a perfect Sunday so far! Can't wait for church later tonight
people got me wondering, "where is the love?"
Bejeweled is turning out to be a perfect remedy for those long gazzillion-slides-powerpoint-induced conference calls.
who said those were bad things?!
RT : RT : Oh, I didn't tell you? Must've been none of your damn business.
shit bosh suck anyway..garnett will give em the biz.
resting up to hit the town this eve.
Secretly back in rockford
Lord...I surrender. This battle is not mine but yours anyhow.
Always remember dreams DO come true. And I hope it comes true for you
R.I.P Joe Paterno you are a legend and will be remembered for that!
#1 reason I need an iPad - ultra portability for Internet access during conferences!
And Canó with a good hit!
RT : They need to sell them shits, so you can make REAL tacos with them (This man gets it!)
Anthony "Showtime" Pettis at Off The Clock today!
your covers are amazing!!! Keep up the good work :) follow back???
Let's try to talk HIEs next week, Don!
Looking forward to meeting some great new people tonight at for 's
Thank you and for having me on the #PR panel today! I enjoyed your insightful questions!
defo liking the linkedin / twitter "linkup" (way better than facebook linkup)
just told me Rick Ross was in town and I missed him
It's intensified now w/SC, Twitter, FB + more $, demands. MJ never had the power to fire PJ. As such, Howard has to deliver.
What does it do? I'll give it a go.
im so nervous for the interview tomorrow
you are such a dork ;D
May the Fourth is here, and so is #Avengers at Cinemark! Celebrate at ...be sure to make reservations...
Doctor said "have you heard that song, I like big butts and I cannot lie..that's your baby." Hm 4 more weeks to delivery.
Boy!! i dont care!!
Money Saving Tip #26: Do a “maintenance run” on your appliances.
what am i doin? oh yeah thats right im doin me
you and
JCPenney Is Quietly Firing Lots Of Middle Managers Across The Country
Are you a "time elapsed" or a "time remaining" kind of person?
come on? I know you got my tweet. Let's hear the bullshit you wanna start with someone tonight
#ifidiedtommorow id visit dorn becker childrens hospital for most of my day
hats must be big business over there huh?
THE FIGURE STUDY...From the beginning, it has been, and remains a favorite subject of artists. Let the human form be your canvas.
yeah.. She's like a rat on steriods mixed with a hairless cat and a piece of shiiiit
CAnt B MAd At Someone When U KNow You've DOne Dirt to. KArMA Comes BAk. Fast. Especially For ME.. I dont ever get away wit Shit SMH.
dont really keep mayo on hand & was pleasantly surprised by how easy it was to make. librarian slash personal chef sounds perfect
i hate when you make plans that never happen
Mark Brouhard, who came into season as starting RF, has played in only 5 games due to Moore's strong play.
yes sir!
Thanks to #HCR kids cannot be denied for coverage due to a pre-existing condition. Happy 2nd birthday #ACA!
John 8:32 And you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
Does Working On A Computer All Day Ruin Your Vision?
Ar u planning a party ? We cut help u
Putting together a Bible Study on diligence, anyone had a revelation on this or want to add thoughts? Please let me know. Thanks
30 Rock should be live every week
Fuck yeah! I'M BACK :D
Forget the box-office results. That in itself is a milestone.
what's wrong?
Just looked in the cupboard for pita chips only to remember that I had purchased them in a dream.
You're a NOOB. :p
you rock. Thanks :)
Just booked my tix to come see you and at ! I can't wait!!
I agree with whoever said theres a lot of "ghettoness" to this site
sounds great! Let me know when you have time! I live about 5 minutes from the gym so Starbucks, chill place, library works.
how cute is that?
Go hard in the paint ;)
My pops same way... but trust me, it skipped a generation... lol
nice little movie pat--
no me my mom and dad are all taking turns
No! Bummer. I wanted that to be good. And did I see you in the #Illusion this weekend?
Just realized I have yet to do my taxes. Crap.
recognizes Martha Selma Beck as first African American troop leader in central Indiana
My mouth tastes like death! Make it stop!
Forever Loyal Ent is grinding..back to the streets with it..then the college campuses, and always the Internet grind
you went to jerrys and didn't ask me!! :(
wades gotta come back in ready to take this game over or we just might be in trouble..we look rough in the post we take bosh for granted
Very sorry to hear that, Erin. Condolences.
we missed you! where were you at?
I second that. If only all NBC programming was so compelling.
Happy Birthday
we love having you here! Hope the whole situation smooths over.
Spent a majority of the day working with my iPod.
Woohoo!!! Made it through the gun range without getting shot by cc:
Dude what's up with Tiger Woods? 2 doubles and vogue in holes 15-18.....
de nada my friend :)
Bloody nose
Today WILL be a good day. Know why? Because I'll make it one.
"The MOU constitutes action that effectively forecloses due consideration of project alternatives or mitigation measures that are essential"
watch it ho. some of us have that naturally.
I can't wait for chinese christmas!!!! it's going to be so much fun!!!
IS SHE YOUR GRANNY GREYSON?!
The avengers premier was ahhhmazzzing but it doesn't feel so great this morning
gotta do that more often! Love you!
Hope you had a great Christmas and Thanksgiving , Sorry I missed your message past .
aw she's so pretty :)
Im sayin...misery loves company": If you know someone is already taken, please respect their relationship.Don't be the reason the
oh well then you'll be in for an extra cool experience!
Goodnight twitter children.
I have finally recovered!
i live in florida.. but call me maybe(: i'd die to talk to you. Considering i don't have much anymore. /:
Whew, what a fun weekend! Now, just need a weekend from the weekend!
There have been so many great lifeguards over the years at !
Thank you so much for the support!
Ugh. I'm such a cranky mom today... and I don't like it.
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there :)
To the tiki Bar!!!
We appreciate your RTs!
WOW PEOPLE GETTING MISSING AND DIEING THIS WORLD GOD I TELL YOU PEOPLE PLEASE PRAY AND STAY TOGETHER IN A GROUP!!!!
Happy birthday, ! #goon #Quaker can't come soon enough
Thanks for following! Likewise, interested in sharing your knowledge with our friends and clients.
All I know is if I make it home during FB season, better have her cousin hook me up with tickets! lol
Now we are watching the Anchorman version of the "Afternoon Delight" video.
And Tiger still appeared to be a devoted husband.
I feel like a fat as.
Today I bought some pots and pans with my sister but purposely didn't buy Giada De Laurentiis brand - her big head and man hands scare me.
#FF anyone brave enough to live in Houston is ok in my book.
Getting new sidewalks and curb on C St NE. Happy chrismahanukwanzakah
Gotta see when youre down there ": #SXSW here I come!"
Ditto on that. RT : A3. If I could afford for my personal Biz, I would hire a PR or SM Pro..
Someone spent a lot of $$ to send us an overnight envelope w/an empty toothpaste box & misc. pieces of garbage in it.
1 of 4 in Harrisburg seems reasonable.
Lets go Penguins Flyers suck
Finally, both nose rings are back in their rightful place <3 FUCK YOU PANERA
Mayweathers defense is what makes him so nice
yes u got that right, somebody had to do it lol. Have good night
My dream of becoming a "Mustang Legend" has been crushed! I'm so disappointed, I knew I shouldn't have done that Tiger pep talk!
Woahhh, what?? I thought I killed him...
yay for a cubicle! You are missed!
Chillin in the room, tryinna figure out what ta wear
I can and I will do all things thru Christ who strengthens me.
smoked ribs with friends ...what are u up to?
- & Amy. Maybe you want to bring some of the others down?
Haven't seen a single tweet about spinning or hot yoga yet today. Thank you, Super Moon!
That commercial about the sea calling makes me so nostalgic. I miss the ocean.
Thought it'd be good to tweet that I was almost killed by a cat at 1 in the morning. I should really get paid for that. =3=
hell yah man! Silver surfer al day
SEX SEX SEX 69 SEX SEX SEX bLoWjObS BAHA this is my 669 tweet
in sessions all AM; hope to see u!
With Peyton Manning set to join the Denver Broncos.. Tim Tebow will join the Saints because he loves thy neighbor as he loves himself
I am Cali less tonight. What's going on in KC?
once we get profitable, yea shall have one!
Gotta have roots before branches, to know who I am, before I know who I wanna be.
Its been an weekend...started with its complicated then mamma mia w my god daughters now on to iron lady <3
next, he's not really that good. There are MUCH BETTER PLAYERS than he that should go in that slot aka Hugo Viana.
Best day ever :)
I have to eat Qudoba because there isn't a Chipotle in Louisville, KY. Would rather eat Chipotle.
Not sure if there's acoustic stuff on there...
I'm doing well, Money. Thinking about going to Pittsburgh in July for Cubbage; let me know if any interest
I really don't like debra messing. She has a face I feel like smaking. Just sayin! ;)
Grateful for all that I have
Anyone close to the Jacksonville area that wants to help us out with a project?! We will send cookies as a thanks!
My actions would be illegal if dogs, cats, even pigs or cows were invovled, but bahaha their not! MORE FUN FOR ME!!
lol jordan had hooped wit pneumonia, kobe gotta booboo
yep(: how was your day?
Im tired..
is Donnie from The Wild Thornberrys
7 days left until #hungergames ... it isnt normal for me to be this excited... no fucks are given ^.^ rereading the series. ocheaa
are there currently any discount codes available? I tried using the one displayed on your Facebook page and it doesn't work :(
*takes off prosthetic thumbs and waves* Hello! I love your name!
I must have missed you! I concur on Heather's awesomeness, too.
- glad to have you!
I'm working on it right now with ! You might say this search engine itself is part of the adjacent possible.
Yout not holding stacks if you work at Five Guys Burgers and Fries so miss me with that B.S
get on tinychat please
Olympic boxing hopefuls hit North Vancouver
Off to Nob Hill for Small Business Day.
hahaha uh I just tried to tweet back but I put 23 instead of 22...
Mari Restaurant New Brunswick NJ. Great dinner considering my vegan taste...
Wish I could have went to wango tango tonight.......but sometimes the beach is better!!! ;)
I feel like I'm in Spain <f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>
at least the pitching has been superb...wait, never mind.
I just learned that the word Pumpernickel translates as "Devil's fart". That's amazing
Smh cheating on me already!!! But that's
Created new wordpress personal injury blog for Washington accident lawyer Rob Kornfeld. www.washingtonpersonalinjuryblog.com
Yes tomorrow we are OPEN!! SHARING SUNDAYS.. family style !
Awesome!! Youre the best! Whats your fav tune? RT : I liked the page and subscribed:)
That tweet was for you.
But I also saw a curvy (not size 0) woman in cute pink stretch cord skinny jean & floral tunic. Looked great!
There is a free concert with Algebra Blessett and Julie Dexter performing next Friday. You know me..a thrill for a deal! Bloggin It.
why are you grounded?
All this shit for what tho????
I prefer Longmans because it never uses the word in the definition and it to comes with CD
San Diego humane society at El Cajon Cal Coast office today with our pet of the month Kirk! 12-5pm come meet him and maybe take him home!
i care
im off to bed bitches mwah x x x x
I just saw that too, and I had the same response
Thank god I didn't drunk tweet last night.
FOLLOW OUR BANDS:
The Watsons and are amazing folks.....congrats!
help yoself out.
RT : #talentmindset - some of us have it and we can help others build it with data. Like HR Moneyball, right?
TRYIN to convince my staff to let me go to some horse races soon y'all. They keep bringin up somethin' about TORNADOES last time I went....
nice! Thanks for letting me know...looks like I may need to place an order for a stamp for my invites.
Happy hour 5-7 with half off drinks and $5 apps.
draw something during commercial!!!
Austin if you really like me you would follow me.....because I love you<3
hope you kill it tonight. Beaches one of my favorite songs
why don't you have cable?
I want to visit New York again soon, other then "Book of Mormon" - what are some great shows playing in town right now?
The Foals. Damn.
I got my invitation to #districtfile from my CoS. Had to sweet talk him a bit because it's supposed to be only for Sr. staff.
would you like to be the director of recruiting for a leading accounting firm? If so please e-mail me.. I can provide a solid connection...
excited to announce joining the tonight on is talking BCS Playoffs and MWC/AQ
Not being able to eat at all.
Big Texas Cool Down ages 8u-10u-12u- and wr u have made. We will take a few more.
Gratitude is the golden key that unlocks the door to complete content.
Sorry I haven't been on alot. Toenail is really sad :(
how is this scumbag still in the NHL it makes the whole sport look bad.
So 1st Family Entertainment is cooking up the 2012 mixtape who wit it? "WHAT'S DOWN MUST COME UP" oh go follow Cousint_GIB FALLINGUP!!!!!
god i hope so
What is blended learning? Instruction that combines online and f2f instruction.
it's pumpkin spice latte time and that always reminds me of you!!
I AM A CHILD OF GOD!
watching sports is more difficult and anxiety-ridden than playing!
I don't see you tearing apart 'good guys' like Crean/Buzz who cut half their team yearly. Not that your commentary matters.
congrats and I hope all is well!
tweet me. tweet me,
Best part of Bmesh in trunk: return of all the old awesome projects put on hold til they could use Bmesh code. C'mon, Unlimited Clay!
Girl I've just been chilling out! When is your bday dinner again?
This media should get off Meta World Peace's dick.
Thanks 4 the shout out, keep supporting the
is it the state archives that is responding so quickly to your FOIA?
Congrats to BC on the win and especially to Jerry York for his 900th! Outstanding!
Good morning to my beautiful followers!
So if your baby leaves and you have a tale to tell just take a walk down Lonely Street to Heartbreak Hotel.
Create and nurture your unique personal brand. Stand, and be known for, something. Make sure that everything you do is on brand.
#sxswfedora flash mob? Who's in?
I still have a blackberry :( but I'm gonna upgrade to the Android bc it's the real shit.
I don't always pay for friends, but when I do they're hookers
congrats to you Glen! That's got to be fun gig. We were just there is Santa Monica at the studio with you all.
we're still in Miami.
Yay i have a few different places to go for New Years! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
And when I simultaneously attend my first game. RT : the phillies season will turn around when pat burrell appears.
It's a precarious passageway of prose!
Wanna know how to treat a lady? Protect her like a daughter, love her like a wife, respect her like your mother.
Germantown, NY - Columbia County: my fave motto of all time "Columbia County - a great place to be." Wow! Creative! I aspire to this.
summer is here! #bonfiresUSA!
lol thanks ha
This week's #prize is a giftcard to Chickes and Petes, follow us and be ready to #play and #win Wed. at noon
Don't quit flying or quit drinking....just get a Step Ahead. When you let us drive you to the airport you get more sleep!
Art walk in downtown Los Angeles tonight RT ART WALK TONIGHT! LOVE ART!
"Diary of a Mushy Fruit" - Edible tales not accepted by Pearson
Some twitterbots, I just don't get.
How about choosing to think: I can do anything I set my mind to. My decisions are powerful.
“: Gotta get into an ATL state of mind <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>” <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5> #DungeonFamily <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
Greek lemon soup is ready!!
I wish there was a way for both the Heat and the Clippers to lose this game.
Being John Malkovich. Done.
“: Everyone needs to show some love to for one hell of a career. Congrats man.” so well said!
Lol, i just heard "Don't wanna Try" by Frankie J. Sang this in court during my divorce 2007 held in contempt of court $5,000 fine. Worth it.
On my way home from the quince(: Getting some Taco Bell because I havent ate since 2 in the afternoon!
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble.
more to the study hard
All caught up for the first time in over a year. The calm before the storm feels good for a change.
lovely RT : Condom
Right! They won't face their fears but then they blame everyone else for their failures!
RT : 6 DAYS UNTIL OPENING DAY ! Today's giveaway: for a chance to win TWO FREE TICKETS, retweet this!
alright I'm gonna stay right here in this relationship an I ain't movin
they are ... do not you see as they are pulling the plug...
": Relax, you're freaking us out" #yogabbagabba should be on your network
it was pretty cool!
Time To Sleep <3
I think that tchrs should embrace #tech first. Top down takes too long.
Please try yogatailor.com : class canceled! Is there a really great video/podcast/anything I can watch instead? Dying for it!
Thanks for the folo, I enjoyed the screening of #ThinkLikeAMan last night and interviewing your co-star today!
It's always bittersweet to leave a job you loved. I felt the same leaving Indiana.
After Lunch "Itis"... It was on me real bad...
By the way, I have no idea what a "secret code" is but I'm TOTALLY jealous that you have one on your business card!
Romney offers something that Obama never will: freedom. Obama's vision is enslavement to government for all
The gates haven't been open ten minutes here at Lot F and it's packed! I love this place!
I do the same thing & then realize I don't need to yell. It startles the cat.
Justin Bieber is ruining Twitter
Make that $$$, dont let it make you!
If you're not rich 'blame yourself'! --Herman Cain
hahhahahaaa im late to the party
Jammin out to Memphis May Fire's "The Hollow" so good!
what kind? Lol
Love is not proud
Fanny pak.you leave.
Okay time to finally buy some new Kobes
Nuh-uh, you tweeted you we're going. Can't back out now. ... Sorry we'll miss you. Get well!
Love is giving someone the power to destroy you but trusting them not to.
Listening to the talented singer/songwritter (on the Dirtdobber Blues soundtrack)!
"Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding about ourselves." -Carl Gustav Jung
Watching Christmas Vacation. Love that movie!
The place my dad works is in the top 10 top secret places to work. Lol
I'm getting stronger without you baby
..lol tell me about it!!
Uh why are we up?
had me a nice fluffy gal to dance with too mane ooooooweeeee!!!
The Person Who Has Time For Gossip And Slander, Has No Time For Success...
Palm springs is real lovely right now.......just saying.
I'm jealous!! Have fun!
they are open 10 am to 4 pm
Jack the ripper. Curious to hear why
About to watch my big fat gypsy wedding. Those people are crazy!!!!
i told you to come lolol =p
lmao! how?? :) only when needed aha! jk.
Never thought I would say this.... But girl, YOU UGLY! You should go and hide your face to save the rest of the human race from sudden death
Obama should remind them what he said about the Citizens United ruling last year. I bet no Justice will be shaking their head no now
Aww she's beautiful!
to the girls who don't have a mother >>> this day can be for your grandma, aunt, sister.... (: your mom LOVED you <U+2665>
#goofynewsteases - "Why drinking water may actually be good for you and hydrate you. at 10."
If she has lion king on DVD
Andy please ask Jimmy if he listens to Phish, or any kind of jam bands. Thank u have fun, and have a cocktail for me! Smile 420!
Oh, come on, get off the moral high-horse...what is the NFL Draft if not for [mostly] baseless speculation and pessimism!?
Thanks for the RT David!
<U+200E>$200OFF EOL MacBook Airs & they qualify for the $100 AppStore credit ! VERY limited quantity.
Fuck dawg can I have a peaceful day
lol i hope you can get here, so i can show real entertainment.
#22 You will be Missed. Steeler Nation Member Says THANK YOU William Gay..
A resource for African-American Documentary Filmmakers. Good luck! Hope to see your doc soon!
NOW FEATURING...#FREE ESTIMATES!!! It has never been easier to have your electrical just the way you like it. Mention Twitter/FB get 10% off
The focus this morning at the WEDI #ICD10 forum has shifted to
With Red Sox banning alcohol and rules about spring training now in effect, you'll see a whole new Sox attitude. Francona was an enabler
We can tell you are as excited as we are!
FDPV performance at Casa Vicente in 2 and a half hours! 375 S Stone Ave.....be there!
I'm going to quote you on that last sentence in my next grant proposal! With whom did you study CN? Are u in Canada?
oh, no doubt! > though strengthening digital literacy skills could be a piece of the puzzle as well
are you asking me to hang out?
This is why I don't use adsense until I'm partnered -_-
Long weekend!
Dang Seth Greenberg was fired?
If u like Justin Beiber you'll deffinitely like Barney & Friends!
why you say that?
Cant stop watching the trash! RT :
When I wrote this I thought of Eric Kelly! "Oh I'm a lifegaurd, I'll save you."
Andy, thanks for the retweet! :) The physicalness of that artwork is really quite amazing.
You're welcome Julia!
If I hadn't met him in person, I'd strongly suspect that is some sort of cyborg based on his superhuman output of late
There's one more :)
I'll send a courier over w the comedy astroglide, asap!
By 1840, 2,818 miles of railroad track had been laid in the US. More by the time I started travelin' in 1888.
Child sexual abuse doesn't take the weekend off, folks. Those who suffer from abuse suffer 24/7.
Happy Mother's Day to all of the good moms out there.
Do you sometimes find it hard to give other people love advice because you don't even know what to do with yours? I do.
No! It's disappointing.
on spring break with the kids so have to be next week unless travel sched hoarks it up
Totenberg: Kennedy has been known to change his mind, and Roberts views himself as a leader and consensus-builder.
Twitter is refusing to let me link to M. John Harrison's excellent piece on cosplay. You should go to his blog and read it.
Rested for 8 hours in Skyrim, then woke up to discover it's snowing. IRL.
Back in bx bitches
seriously fucking up the program today
There's a certain Slant of light,/ Winter Afternoons –/ That oppresses, like the Heft/ Of Cathedral Tunes" - Emily Dickinson
*~i was sittin on da phone all day tryna win dese summer jam 15 tickets to see i gt #3 all da tme #follow back...(=~*
+1 MT : Has considered BEWITCHED-Darren spoof for last 13 #Community eps - new actor play Pierce in each one?
Looks like loads of fun. Did u get to ride in it?
I'm here to make this day special for you..
I love in-flight internet! Flying high over Oklahoma right now.
I don't understand why everyone loves #mistamau he's a fag in person(:
New to this whole "ratchet" term lmao from what I see on twitter this morning sounds like every chick in Los Angeles.
Ran out of coffee at home and having to wait to get to work to drink their black soupy shit coffee. M...black soupy shit...M
Hi Kat! Yes, I'm working on an in-depth story about social media. Feel free to DM me :)
how's the discount world
LOL! It's CRAZY HOT! Now's the time when hydration becomes crucial here in AZ! Tons of water and a coconut water a day is great! :)
RT : RT : LET'S GO PITTSBURGH
I'm building it myself and having a ball learning everything :) Sorry I can't be more help on that one.
doesn't even matter. In 2009-10, tickets were lower but nobody gave enough shits to show up. Still.
dang it.. Thought we were in business
I know. Amazing. Makes me wonder about the personae I am seeing here. Maybe the douchebags are really nice afterall!
How's your grab bag helicopter? Fly ok?
hey stacie, email me @ and we will get food to you one way or another! Promise!
I mean is 7 cops really necessary for a guy dumping water in the Library?? #SMH #Really??
sounds great. Lol, me and him would make some sexy babies!(; lmao.
I sometimes wonder why people lie about having sex with people, like who gives a shit really. People been having sex for years...
Thanks to and for the #FF today!
you should probably show up in person, rather than call.
": Damn you ppl have thin skin!!! Please STOP following me, I'm NOT following you!"Amen Kyle! They need to get out the kitchen!!!!
im gettin me a weddin band from me to me;)
on way to Jacques Pepin event. See you there.
Robert is working on the new menu with Irma and Mingo...All I can say is WOW!
I focused on smart posters and tags during the panel. Take a look at Twitter feed to see what I mentioned. Thanks!
I don't need Revenge. I'm just going to stand there and watch karma screw you up.
appreciate the follow. Hit me up for photo/ video/ studio time
Beach tomorrow??? Or maybe just go work at the church and then watch tv all day who knows?!?
Pinto will eat your face.
fuck you we are skating to 711
nah team
oh ok sure, right
yeah I know lol she's a nerd just like you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Omg why am I still in a bad mood !
Rick Siskey is getting set up on Twitter.
Not eating much, but still not losing weight? Cancer? Can beer give you cancer?
Who is Mar?
Thanks! hopefully we'll keep up with this thing. honestly we keep around for the shamless shilling ;)
hard work is overrated :)
Sounds like fun. Which countries?
Whenever straight men say bigoted shit like "women aren't attractive when..." I want to ask them to post a picture of their wife/girlfriend.
AMEN “: Very sad for hard working, brave equality fighters against #AmendmentOne #NC. BIG THX #NAACP, deep bow to #PamSpaulding”
Is there any doubt this Rangers-Devils series goes 7 games? I don't see how it doesn't. Thoughts?
The Senate losing another moderate Republican with announcing she will not run for reelection. We moderates are a dying breed.
sorry i havent been on ive been busy but ive followed everyone back <3 -anna
this is ruining my buzz really really bad I don't know what we are going to do
I don't get why everyone and their mamas hate on Kobe. Give the nigga some props.
RT: ": #Libra brings energy to dead atmospheres.". So True
whoop whoop <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
i almost answered the question thats whats even funnier...had to do a double take lol.
sounds good you know where I'll be, and tomorrow I'll be around for the games too
Just met with the Long Center. Exciting things are afoot!
add e-40 too
ruining teachers lives with food.
Heavy mixture of joy and hurt right now. Through it all God is amazing and I'm humbled to think of how He loves us.
So basically, Eagles building around scheme that didn't work well rather than talent they have/had. Nice!
Let's go #NYKNICKS gettin HYPE!!!
Just because I'm Haitian doesn't mean I'm not black my skins still black isn't it?
Jenna just made me a sandwich. Thats a good woman.
wait wtf is going on
pristine blue or bromine for u hot tub buffs? anyone? i know the pristine costs more but maintenance is less..
Things will get better :)
yes - another reunion soon! Are you guys coming next Saturday? I will be there!
You can also check out jenfek.com for more band info
If being gay were a choice, I wouldn't be hanging upside down in a sharks mouth in my profile pic.
I second that Lori! “: Hey Ellie always glad to tweet you!”
IT'S THURSDAYS THURSDAY GOTTA BE HAPPY ON THURSDAY CUUUUUS TOMORROW'S FRIDAY FRIDAY YEAAAHHHHHH.
@ all of hwy 287 to Amarillo is a speed trap. Especially near Esteline
This is not the #Jabril game
aww yes, best day for a wedding ;) the sky looks amazing.
#Golf #Tennis #Pool #Beach #Dine That's All I Really Wanna Do
A bit shook up and pretty sore but yes ok, thank you! RT: girl, we need you safe and sound!!! thank the universe you are alright!
thats horrible. I love Friends!
Hi! Out of curiosity, Why did you select me to enter into your tweeter message?
Beans are a great meat sub. For heart health, base a meal around beans instead of meat at least 1x per week- we like #MeatlessMonday!
#accordingtoasource is a great reporter but that was just a rumor.
Thanks for the RT, Nicole!! Hope your week is going great.
oh man, i super duper wanna see it!
Habeas corpus? Is that how you spell it? Wait, guess it doesn't even matter anymore. THEY ARE TAKING YOU.
damn it. Ima peer pressure the fuck out of you the next time I see you haha
It is what it is.
I would have preferred almost anyone else.
I need to taste it or it isn't true sorry
Is it only Tuesday?
Good Night Ari <3 I stayed up till 2 a.m. today to see your tweets :))* well better luck next time :DD Bye Bye! LOVE YOU!
Just said "yar boo sucks" during lecture. I blame .
why is my twitter acting weird?!
not even dat
Hey<3 LA and u?
I have full confidence that you'll get there and most likely sooner rather than later. :)
Always nice to start the morning with a little Ingolf Dahl.
thanks for the vote of confidence Mark and likewise your awesome.
thank you for the msg. My apologies I put the wrond address in. I guess im not the savy twitter I thought I was. C U THERE
For SHSU, Gatlin (Bush) and Bootle (St. Thomas) each scored 6 points. Darius Gatson (Klein Forest) had 2 points with 3 assists and 3 steals.
You tweet way too much.
... It's embarrassing to watch adults give up their independence and authenticity like that.
I know what it means you don't hear it everyday
I'd love nothing more than to hang out and have Korean pastries with you! :)
Larry Powell, California school chief cuts his pay by $800k. What a great example 4 every government official 2 follow.
...and to WMSE producer Jeremy Kuzniar for is role in De La Buena and Erotic Adventures of the Static Chicken WAMI victories.
I know I talk about giving second chances and how rare they are but..do NOT think I actually give
i hate having to say goodbye, it sucks!
lmfaooo works always interesting w, even though she tried to kill me?vbki ubhcgfcvgkm
heading home from the dunes..10 days.. i need a shower
A good friend of mine is looking for a job in the title industry as a closing agent. 10+ yrs experience-ctct me if you know of anything.
Woahhhh haven't tweeted in days! How is everyone??? Most are asleep rn tho
... as if divining a secret. As if the show didn't open w/the main character announcing those very things ... to her parents.
Welp, we may not get two. But I garuantee will get one of those trophies!!!!
the city bus serves to remind me of one thing: take the work shuttle instead. oh, and the smell of stale urine.
My new nightly prayer is "please god, don't let the Ender's Game movie turn into the new Twilight."
Oops! Rain on beach volleyball at
. Wouldn't hurt if he was easy on the eyes. And cooked. And did the dishes. ;)
my laptop keeps playing rolling in the deep I think its because its a dell[:
Made me think about the way things are Made me think about the way they could be
Welcome to twitter ..
I would use my jesus powers for gambling for SURE!
If you come out, there might be belly rubs. I'm just sayin'.
Off to Court and then the rest of the day is strictly downhill.
what's goody Carolyn!)
Have your Frosted Plastic Business Cards in NYC printed with a full color process at an undeniably easy price! Perfect for business...
damn you
Loved seeing tonight...been way too long and I better see you again soon.
came to take this drug screening witha full tank..dying in the waiting room right now
even that what?
Lil mans 3rd bday party, wish it was warmer but at least no snow!
I wonder why rob hasn't tweeted .____.
Sam Hurd-Nino Brown.
America's one of the finest countries anyone ever stole
Im a little box-shadow crazy right now. Especially of the inset variety.
You and the cast are awesome and are gonna go on to do amazing things! #TheSecretCircle was just the beginning for you all.
you will always have good peeps around u when u r a good person so good for u only here good thing about u
men its year not going that good
Damn do you ever work? LMAO
yeah ur rite, that shit is kinda nasty, lmfao
Welcome to Oxford Property Group, Michael Pitman!
No one wants to quit when he's losing and no one wants to quit when he's winning. - Richard Petty
I mean to control the frames within the animated gif.
Happy Easter
watching behind the scene of Janet's tribute to Michael Jackson on MTV. awesomeness all around
Good luck (:
Thx for the quick reply. Could you pls add it back on the next one?People could think it doesn't exist if its not listed.
#ravens now need help at O-line. But I've heard they see value in the later rounds. They may trade up to get Stephen Hill.
Ali stated “I am the greatest” so often that he believed it & so did his opponents, giving him the competitive edge.
WOW just sang the roof off the house!!!
Looking at finding out how many days cuz want to do parks but don't want to buy park hopper that is too big mid-April I think
Yikes forgot & our host from #LBYRPreview in my earlier
heading to NJ for bamboozle this weekend!
Mustard lover's spread it on (I'm talking to you ) w Sat's 1st ever Mustard Fest at T.B.D bar in Brooklyn! 224 Franklin St 12-5 PM
Should you go to Ohori's? Sure!
Anybody going to the WGA Asian American women Showrunners panel tonight? If so, I'll see you there!
interim city CFO calls for 1.8 cent property tax raise. w.out, city would come up $15m short; still, hearing relatively rosy projections
True. Re: yr earlier comment on wifi spots at conference: When will CONVENTION CENTERs have quality wifi?? It is the 21st cent...
Conor is having a blast with this clapping song
indeed - what a throw! (on both the fake punt, and the TD!)
RT : is rocking her keynote address at #EnvisionFilm. "We can restore ecosystems. It's not over until it's over."
Platform full at Farragut N and only 6 car train to Glenmont.
Union GRIND BOLD flavor is Breakfast Blend.
Teacher's take on tech. in the classroom.
": "What is one thing you would do if you knew you would not fail? Now go out and do it" #Quote #Movie"
The temptation to get, have, and be somebody often leads to feeling like a failure and consequently depression, “Just BE” namaste.
.... I'm dying over here!! Lol. I guess I'll have to make some :-)
Obama interview comes the day before he's in Los Angeles for a fundraiser at George Clooney's house
Rep. Gloria Fox says Roxbury deserves to have the Dudley Business District revitalized. Together we are recharging our neighborhood.
i called u
.... or adam which ever is prefered ... Will you marry me ? (in 10 years ?) :D
Rumor that Dan Gilbert wants to buy the Cleveland Indians??? What doesn't this guy own..
GOOD MORNING ALL HAVE A GREAT DAY!
The ugly cant call someone else ugly...life just doesn't work that way.
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
This chick hahahahahaha chill x) RT : - you think you fresh , shit nigga im ripe .
RT : RT if you like #insects ... like #butterflies, #ladybugs, #bees, ... :)
When you appreciate what you have, then what you have appreciates in value.
#SMWSportsBiz loves pinterest, #SMW12 in general loves pinterest, we love pinterest. Definitely the next big thing
thanks. "someone" who needs to see it done right?
Yes. RT : The best thing "new" lesson being able to create again. The past four years were too much dismantling.
Good morning. Time to start my day.
It's been a long good day.
Nothing says CNY like chicken riggies!
I keep being inadvertently jealous of because she's there to give you a squeeze and I'm not!
How are you going to #CelebrateSpring? I'm going to get an Iced Coffee from m... I feel so intelligent drinking Intelligentsia
Don't live in FL just an acute follower of the legal system. And as an attorney couldn't get by without my beer.
I love eating lemons! #Yum<3
So many McCutchens, so little time.
1,000!!!! WOW CANT BELIEVE THANK YOU ALL.
Why waste time on something that u know will never work when u could be putting that time into something newer and better?? =)
hahaha I assume half of the song lol
When I saw your acc I saw like "WTF, WHY BRUNO HAS ARI'S ICON? IS HE CRAZY OR WHAT?" Rofl.
Merry Christmas, everyone! Enjoy the day! From all of us at Houston360Live.com!
Oh crap oh crap lunch better start soon!!! #Austream is starting soon! Exciting!:)
See, when I publicly ridicule the Beavs, they turn around and prove me wrong. Two forced turnovers in the first quarter?
#love and
Bothers me when I see kids that don't understand common courtesy act up uncorrected in front of their parents. You know where they get it
Doesn't everyone know second hand smoke is dangerous? Selfish people.
This might sound like a stupid question but how EXACTLY does this OLLG ticket thing work? What if 2 people from the same city get it..
Sweet couples makes me jel :/
Bad new$&good news1st bad news,got noway2et anywhere Credit cards maxed out to $4,000. I got only$100&got 2 shape out lost my cuts&build
Thank you..yup, that would be awesome!! This business it's an adventure...
Lmfaoooo!!!! my ex-bf just *67 called my phone and had his gf cuss me out LMFAO WOW WOW. HES DATING A 6TH GRADER...WOW THATS PATHETIC
Asda Finance Highlights Top Tips for Taking Your Pet on Holiday With You - MarketWatch (press release)
In a perfect world, this wouldnt happen.
i think i might drive to georgia after class. wug amount? i'll add it to the tab
Thanks for sharing our $1 deal. Enjoy the weekend
“: I go where I want, I do what I want.” RT you go girl!
Granny talking about me over the phone: "She ain't big as a mini." All these years in Michigan & that Arkansas never left, haha.
So, I came to the conclusion I'm obsessed with Sofia Vergara. She's a total goddess, and she's everywhere. Bella :-)
Betty White America's favorite GGGGILF is 90 today. Happy Birthday
So SRO Tickets, but found a great spot. Too much fun! Go #Brewers!!
LOL it's old school rules...b4 the time of google. Like using your phone to look up trivia at bars
Today is the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia. <3 Love as thou will!!!
Oh, Marxists. You guys are so cute, even if you're wrong a lot. #LeftForum (cc: )
food in Spanish. duh
"other than not signing autographs", cause I know you think I'm an unprofessional asshole.
Thanks for following, and @ ade_pix!
Let's say I'll die tomorrow, somebody please tweet to Austin telling him that I LOVE HIM SO MUCH. BIGGER THAN THIS UNIVERSE. <3
follow me back please? :)
mother mons†er
saw you today and wanted to say hello
hahhaah…we can def help with series A. Impress them, son…impress them! #FUNDING!!!
"I can believe anything provided it is incredible." -Oscar Wilde
secret svc cavorting w prostitutes? Raping women for $ is more accurate.
Great point. RG3 has my vote for Heisman. Luck- sorry-had your shot
In Warsaw now
wrong shoes dudette, gotta have more ankle support
Gotta love legal drugs i.e. coffee
Major buying behavior in #tech may be #ego. Ex:
bah, SKATING BASKETBALL
thank god shes doing better . I ve been praying for her and her famliy . God does answers prayers
haha that's cool, tell your people to watch sloppy Sunday # 3 lol
They are Laker Fans im guessing but Clippers are only down by 8
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me16
Why call them tea parties when you are protesting government spending that just lowered taxes? Contradict yourself or find another name.
Stop Teasing us!!!!! pos
and El your icon is so pretty! Not to sound like a stalker who watches icons lol.. :P
I miss my babygirl )):
ok they checking IDs so make sure u got urs
Because people won't use condoms.
I'm gonna eat grapes like Dwight haha
your a Goddess...need to spice up my marriage...PLZ recommend a DVD...love u baby....
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my little bro
helen feeds me some great seafood every wednesday around 3pm for dinner. she calls it the crabs special
I'm way too bored.. Typing my assignments, but I'd rather be reading my novels
DM whenever you the chance. No worries. Have a relaxing night.
I know I'm gonna sound like a bandwagon rider, but I love watching the HEAT #respectgame. Dwayne Wade yo
When im bored i like to text cha cha.
know u had a long night thank for the info. I figured they knew who they wanted but waited so signing bonus would be less.
Loving life right now
Its my one year anniversary on #twitter... where are the flowers?
Hi! Glad connected us! Nice to meet you here.
who can count~ how many adventures~ start inside a stairwell
Love how there's a beautiful Sun gleaming down on me! No more rain! After 3 weeks of rain I'm happy to see that sun! Loving this weather!
Best part of the day, when the kid I tutored opened his Christmas present and exclaimed 'My tutor baked me cookies!'
my order is scheduled for delivery on monday. fingers crossed for an early arrival on friday- want them for the weekend!
“: She has a beer waiting for you at Happy Hour. #ShesAKeeper”
haha thanks!!!! And will do to both of those things!
Is doubling Kobe really worth it?
Can you follow your new sister pls:-)
I'm good how u doin boo
I'm thankful!
it's a great song when all I have to do is see the title and now I can't get it out of my head nor do I want to!
Just because someone wants to talk doesn't mean it's about themselves.
Thanks for sharing!! Follow us for new exercise tips daily!
For Women's History Month Nina LaNegra invited me to talk about my photography of women at HALEY HOUSE CAFE Roxbury,MA tonight (3/22/12) 7pm
Why aren't drapes double sided so it looks nice on the inside and outside of your home?
thanks for the follow :)
Hi Cleveland! What's your favorite museum?
So sad I can't go to the Gym because I mess up my legs SMH BACK @ It Monday :)
Sweet! Time to get this going! :)
Plus, Cleveland Park is blowing up with St. Patrick's fun. Will RT the best of...
I agree RT : Good morning SUNSHINE. Its going to be a great one. <U+263A> <U+2665>
so HAPPY ITS FRIDAY!!!about to get ready for work...
"Don't find fault, find a remedy." — Henry Ford
We're planning a special treat for the moms at driversselect this Friday. What are you doing for your mom?
Excited about #nbmbaa11 this year. Scheduling interviews now!
the teacher was giving a lecture about grades dropping.. she thinks they went down bcz we're lazy? NO , austin's the reason mine when down .
1st #meatlessmonday at the Starr House was a success. Rice & Bean burritos and salad. Thx for the inspiration &
RT if you're taken.
Talking about the Expo--what's going to happen to it now that CS is in BK? RT #slaverybyanothername is Expo finalist
That nervous feeling you get when you talk to someone you really like on the phone for the first time.
Me and 3 females in the CL
What I learned about Disappointment in life's journey:"Disappointment is just a distraction.Learn from it,Laugh at it & then Let it go!"
Now time for a nice hot shower (:
Aw, that's awesome. I'm so happy for you guys!
Back home!
lol I see, well what goes on Friday nights, saturdays its reggae night.
Anyone else going to SXSW?
#WhatIWantThisSummer to get my ass to America and hug Austin as tight as i can. & prove them bitches wrong. THAT I HAVE MET HIM. (when i do)
Last week I contacted the Sean Penn charity doing work in Haiti. This week I will connect with an orphanage in Zambia.
is grooving to some Alternative music!!!
Realized I haven't tweeted in a while. So here I am. Hello.
LOL I hope and I'm 17 (;.
"But shit its still my favorite & he aint talking bout me doe." Hello then who am I talking about people? Ok whatever you wanna believe tho.
OK, responses confirm that trailing whitespace cleanup is a circlejerk.
server error when trying to invite friends from app :(
All the #MightyTaco hype. So frivolous. (I’ll probably go there one day. But I won’t wait in line.)
you dont know me but Wanna be bestfriends? :)
Long runs are only on the weekends. I don't know if I'll do 10 again though. That took like 16 hours. Lol
if this girl don't answer phone imma go ballistic!
Singledom........ Dinner? a pan of cornbread. Beverage? a Mini bar bottle of vodka.
I'm gonna HATE tomorrow
Why is Jennifer Aniston so HHHOOOOOOOOOOTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!???????
“I'm good, but not an angel. I sin, but am not the devil. I'm just a small girl in a big world trying 2 find someone 2 love.” Marilyn Monroe
Woke up this morn & a layer of flesh was missing from the roof of my mouth. Damn you delicious late night Edisons pizza!.
Another project done. Thank god. Another to come soon. Night.
Yeah, well, we drink in our HOMES. ;)
COME ON GUYS GO FOLLOW SISTER RIGHT NIW AND HELP HER GET TO 70k!
Wow! It just showed up on my timeline! Crazy Twitter. Been thinking about you lately. RT : 4 hours ago. I feel alright.
you must love that weapon.
Otay just let me kno the plan
Good morning :-P
wow. congrats (on bringing in the child, I mean).
Success doesn't sleep.
Everyone sucks
Can anybody tell me what the crap is going in with iPhones?
- our newest member of creative team. 9 days in: kid is a game changer. lights out!
Sleep wins every time!
“: If you mean anyone on the roster as of late...Jinder Mahal. Personally, not a fan...he's kinda boring. You?” Same
2 more sleeps and a silly amount of work stand between me and a whole week off! A WHOLE WEEK!!!!
oh no I need help lol
Time for dinner and a movie
:)) RT: Finishing up the day with a refreshing drink from
had a blast today! Like any other concert ;)
got back from a long weekend in lenox ma, i would NOT recommend going there on the off season. ew.
I'm just sayin'... don't diss the canned cranberry sauce. And it's stuffing, not dressing. Period, end of story.
Dear Auntie Em, hate you, hate Kansas, taking the dog. -Dorothy
Inevitably people will see I was right about the Casino cartels and Steve Wynn. Monopolies are never good. Even worse is Corp Fascism
“: I honestly miss when she's not home..one of the funniest/most entertaining people I know”haha thanks <U+2764>
Totally losing respect for #fakeskipbayless dishes but can't take it
We're attending the ... are you?
what's up sis! Just chillin
Commission business meeting is in session.
Will be starting our Thanksgiving road trip soon -- 450 miles of interstate, here we come!
hop off me. You should change your name so it doesn't cut off the Wolfinger
it's a deal
Day-wind, breaker. Perfect!
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention I think I'm pregnant. Bahaha.
Im in the Chicago suburbs.
Congrats to our SVP Blythe Robinson for being selected by Legacy Magazine as one of SFlorida's 50 Most Powerful Black Professionals of 2012!
great to hear that. don't know which "big move" ur referring to but i'm always on the move :)
“: seriously ?” My invitation must've been lost in the mail
Bye April
Enjoying the sun, the gym, then writing on my screenplay.
Aurelien Collin has scored 2 goals in the first half, 2 in the second half.
Looking for Great Holiday Program Staff in NY, San Fran, Orlando, Miami, Atlanta, Seattle, Boston and Chicago! email ASAP
this poor kid still had
RT RexHuppke "Check the list once. Check the list twice. Rub Rudolph's nose. Tap the sled. Check the list..." Santa's OCD is getting worse.
Going to taco bell when i leave from getting my hair done
I left my house at 6:40 this morning and just sat down at my desk. Thanks, MARC!
Chicago looks so tight when its cloudy..
lololol! Your comment on it was funny as heck tho. Like an old lady n the corner watchn EVERYTHANG lol
Jump. Jump.
I hate how people post pictures of people with cancer for likes and shit on facebook
What about the Packers?!
#SymhonyCrack cures.. get addicted
Whew.... after two hours of talking... fixed my printer again. Hate but need Wireless setup.. grrrrr..
#2hours then i can sleep!(:
Having so much fun with and
Scoping out austin-original Boathouse Grill www.boathousegrill.com for possible Homeless Coach shared meal
Eating the photo version of our rhubarb pie - this pie is awesome. Tart, sweet, a little herbal - totally different and delicious.
that's life's way of keeping you from a bad situation...you'll always be able to obtain what you're truly meant to have
This Bosh shit might affect us more than I was thinkin
haven't been for awhile kiddo.
working on some server moves, should be up tomorrow
well we definitely will spread the word that the customer service at is quite slow on being helpful :) good day
Seeing the reunion between you and Joe. Amore!!!! bravo!!!!!
Great client meeting today!! They just get it! Love when that happens!!
Baker!!! DM me, please. i have something for you brother. Thanks!
amusement achieved.
Brock is finally back after how many years? I lost count...
Just looked up to a young girl staring at me. I smile, she smiles. Then she starts reading her book, The Holy Bible. Oh Girl, been there
Thanx for the follow!! :D
New cash clown banger racks n bands ft cap1
Got 2 do wat i got to do. she will learn to leave me in the house alone and let me mind wonder...
Too bad i didnt twitpic these lil girls on Little Miss Perfect cuz they look too grown
Feeling pretty geeked about The Avengers in IMAX 3D this afternoon. Hope this one is worth the hype and not a total letdown. Reviews!?!
Fun night at bitter end. Thanks to those that came out. Happy birthday Xio. Grotto tonight. C U There.
LOL! Yeah, you're right!
Gallery night tonight! Check out BYO Studio in Bay View! Hot Pop and Too Much Metal Showroom in the 3rd Ward &The Tool Shed on the East Side
I've been sleep all day.
Thank you so much for the follow mention... XOXO..
You named your team "Skulls of the Abyss." Are you baking cakes & carving pumpkins or are you a biker gang?
I just auditioned for Jmcasting
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME <3 [: ? 3
thanks so much. Take a listen to my music. www.mevsmyself.net
I wanna get in tha shower but idk if my boyfriends coming -_- cant wait till he gets his phone on friday!
REMINDER: Jean Howard's coming to Emory! Talk on Wed. at 4pm, colloquium at noon on Thurs. Both are taking place in the Kemp Malone Library.
what is this?? i'm so confused!?!?! a type of Chipotle burrito? sweeper? new car? :)
I wish this very same thing everyday!
Lol! I'm watching E! News
& Thx for following!
Dear food conmmercials we dont take our precious little time to eat a small food item. we eat like theres not gunna b a tommorrow
Being sick is for the birds
That makes so much sense, because when I think "Zizek", I think of Robert Plant wailing
I'll be rolling up on your office around 4 today to see Aaron. Imma come find you both after.
Some awesome performances on The Vigil last night. Thanks to all the performers, and everyone who braved the rain to come check it out.
Yikes! That's almost as hard as the elephants. You did a great job...wish I could have been your slate boy!
no problem! :)
such a tragedy. rip whitney
Upper case jokes own the night!
cool kids never have the time
I will be missing while on this flight. My routine is disrupted.
i LOVE our double bestie dates c': , , and especially today at red robins :D
#ijustwannasay I am extremely jealous of those shoes
Have fun, Als! ": China=amazing! #loveshanghai"
blame the wife!
Had fun last night(:
oh my gosh. YES! summa is coming up so let's make a date to hang. (: yeah. it's been to loong. miss my little shorty. lol
RT : Economics is to entrepreneurship what quantum mechanics is to chemistry - the basic science that underlies everything*
Imagine if the boys had to take a ship to America, like one of those battle ship things
same. But it's so dumb I have no idea what I'm doing lmao goddamnit
So does unnecessary trolling.
lol.. Night Miss
Haha, okay then. We can schedule this for whenever you seem to find mi casa. Lol, :P
yea. Same here! Ppl are so mean to me, it sucks!! :(
Agreed. Still the facts are so different to what they report abt Wilders that it has become deplorably irresponsible
Tasting the wines/foods of Italy's le Marche region w/ historian Francine Segan at the Princeton Club.
Maybe we'll see his cute neighbor next time? It's really the neighbor I'd like to see..
Exactly =D
There's no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there's no end to it. - Henry Moore
Our Aztecs make it to the Final 4...
Awww thanks. You are too! <3 :D
A4: To avoid burnout, I try to "walk away" for a bit. Take a step back, do emotional inventory. Usually I uncover a surplus
Question for Bob Carter tomorrow: Will there be any diesel engines introduced in US anytime soon?..as available in the other markets
But a part of me feels this is normal for them.
RT : cc RT : One of the fan clubs for the new Follow
I've been using since before beta & SXSW 2010. Pretty sweet, LOVE the live voting.
if u say so
I agree
NBA-Miami turn the heat up on Knicks
“: Every revolution has its squares and in #Egypt #Tahrir Square is finally earning its name: Tahrir means Liberation in Arabic
OK! we're gonna need a bigger truck. Only req is to never, ever tweet about anything currently trending.
how about his almost fight with Ira newble??
For a project! I was listening:P
someone needs to dig this back out since you think you too good since you graduated college. This is PHD quality ass.
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithVagina No Country For Old Vagina.. Follow me
Oh stop, you're making us blush. ;)
that's one no-dot slider from Romo, one swing through from Cuddyer
Thinking about offering personal training sessions on Saturdays here soon. Anyone interested?
4 more follow my back-up ? (RT if you did and you'll get an SOLO SHOUTOUT)
woodys on abott is wear stray cats go to go to the bathroom. or at least thats what it smells like..
A postprandial nap....
Ah!! I love making people freakin' smile ! :) <3
“: damn straight you will!”
Already please follow me please follow me
I do most of my ready where everybody else does at work
: You so hot you took out the severs!! Could not load up!! LOL!
Can #physicians use #SoMe to #learn?
How can taking a "communication perspective" change our relationships and social worlds? Find out at www.cmminstitute.net $2500 awards!
society has failed this kid. He needs to get involved in sports, community service. something that makes him feel a part of society
Sexy Baby Records made a Facebook fan page thing for me. I don't dig Facebook that much, but you know, I dig people who dig my stuff.
Twice (and only twice), video games have made me cry.
Great win by the boys. Spurs are screwed lol
Yes they are! Sorry I didn't see your message soon enough. How are you?
you're a quick learner.
I just dont get along with rugby players
We have bigger problems than that bud
Guys, no training camp + new pieces. Struggles were bound to happen. Once Odom gets right we'll be fine.
I forgot how awesome Neil Patrick Harris was in Glee..
And during the rock concert Rock sings about Cena having a backstage affair during his interview.
TY for participating in the #agencyblueprint discussion
Apologizing does not always mean that you are wrong. It just means that you value your relationship more than your ego.
Bedtime nighty night
Hooray, I'll have to test it. (Now...what do I want to get off my chest? hm...)
If u love someone u would believe anything that person says !
i cant help but laugh at 16 & pregnant. LOL.
Somedays I don't want to be just a piece of #ass I want to be cared about just a lil...but don't be confused I still want to be your
my life sucks now because just saw what said on facebook 2 me sad
I hate you both so much right now.
good morning
New posts Coming to the blog: Creativity in Recovery, The Art of an Opinion, Importance on Taking a Stand, The Unheard Voice of Treatment.
Trivia is so much fun...especially when there are big team arguments over the topics-like: oldie sitcoms -thx
We have $225 dollar ounces any strain mix and match!!! come and see us today!!! Open till 9 :)
I tend to get annoyed by the same scenarios I'm about optimism and progress. If there's no progress then there's no me
I am. Can we still be friends?
That second lap really killed me
tells me you might want a #onechance watch......They are pretty schweet FYI ;)
Dear IRS: Please cancel my subscription
I hope they get their shit together by the playoffs
well we're going.
Hear from relatives of the victims of a triple fatal crash on Morrissey Blvd on at 5pm.
Oh I'm so happy!(: I've never been this happy. Yeee he likes me back!(: so happy
Our new kitten seems quite content to chew on my fingers and the corner of my laptop at the moment.
Taken by the most beautiful girl in the world.
Dear world: I am not the one, and today is not the day. Test me if you wish, but consider this a fair warning.
"did I just hear, eat my cookie?"
let's go babe (;
is amazing and beautiful and smart and she and make it okay to be normal
Damn look at Philly
Nope, and i am not from Africa :/ I am really referencing "boaters" children. 1st generation American.
Do girls typically hand each other toilet paper while pooping?
Ok that's true. He texts me from the gym all the time when he should be at "work"
hearing you on V103 was awesome!!!! Man you sounded good!!!!!! We were tripping!!!!!!!
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire. - Arnold H. Glasow
When you read this, I hope you think of what we could have been.
That does sound pretty good right now
i finally have a day off :)
Awesome. Congrats on your success!
hi Jerry! How's the Mrs feeling?? Great I hope
'Cause even the stars they burn Some even fall to the earth We've got a lot to learn God knows we're worth it <3
ok dude, welcome onboard!
#supportlocalmusic Live tracks in a few minutes. Requests? let me know in the chat-room
I'm locked outside my house OMFG.
Let it be known that is King of everything.
Thank ya ladies! Come lick the floor with me. Not even kidding.
"It's a pity the the film companies are so far behind. Well, in a while... There won't be any film, just videotape."
Field day tomorrow.....blah!
My desire for chocolate has now surpassed "wanty" into "needy". I guess I should do some pushups to forget about the craving.
#dallas Need more time in the day. Did you know we offer free pick up and delivery!
I have a song for every situation
Anybody else going to Mariners game tonight? :)
You can turn off the sun but m still gonna shine.
I'm not allowed to frighten the straighties like that any more.
Wassup, yuh still got mi a plate? Mi hungry enuh :]
Had a very long and productive day. Goodnight! FINALLY!!!
Don't infect us! =P
You got turned into a tank?
That's the best way to celebrate. :) Congrats!
So. Fucking. Annoyed. Don't make pplan's with me if you're just going to end up doing something else. I'm going to stop clearing my schedule
European car shopping
Almost to 8000
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING
GO WOMAN GO!
please tell my you have pother pics with me and pat ahaha i look so bad in that one! and yes I know im late on this :P
“: If I whispered your name out there would their still be a spark?” best tweet of da day!!!!!!!11111111
art is able to express individuality in a way nothing else can. It also helps provide beautiful, tangible history and insight.
I think the Facebook NCAA field idea is ok, but I'd MUCH rather see how social could impact the idea of brackets.
Finally off work. Now let me kick this weekend off by grabbing me a drink
Love 's fresh, positive voice. Just like her designs: ": It is raining today in NY...good for the gardens ! Love Diane"
No, East campus, lock the side doors, I"d love to walk all the way around. Sweet. Thanks so much.
Wow, so sad... He's a true hero, now walking with his Savior...
Squandered Cs going 2-18 from 3PT too RT : Such a bummer they blew that game because Turner/Andre/Lavoy played really well.
RT Surprise #Mom with a relaxing weekend at Point Grace in Turks&Caicos? One call - that's all #MothersDay 888.209.5582>>LUV!
btw, y the hospital?
I know, sorry for the delay...we're just figuring this twitter thing out;)
What a cute family, Beverly!
Those things I get in my dms are so freakin annoying someone is posting bad shit about you like no stfu
Looking to be a great weekend at the tree lot! All Doug Firs $20 or less! Canned food donations to the sunshine division get you $5 off any!
I was thinking Northern Iowa.
Let's see if this swing is there today...
Fado in the USA!! At El Pastor Restaurant. Starts in September with Salome Cardinal. Fim de Semana Fadista. Fado in the USA.
Eventually, That was the plan...
wat makes me mindless is i never give up on anythigg im beautiful and im smart<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>143
Twitter whoring adjourned. Time to go to work to moonlight as a 40 year old stay-at-home mom that cooks a lot.
let me know should be wild def. And we can skip depot maybe leap frog a few bars for best drinking efficiency
The new paradigm: build a TEAM to help you and your career. Collaborators, agents (who freelance, too), managers, director!
All those looking to sponsor our conference and receive prime advertising hit up my inbox
did you get my messages back
Son getting all kinds of cool invitations for A&M activities over summer leading up to freshman year. Such a blessing.
lol a little late
or sleep is for the people getting up at 6 tomorrow…or today
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. ~Og Mandino
Someday I will learn how to get off the Internet and do my work. ARGH. I should have majored in the Internet. That's my real calling.
Am I the only one who doesn't like Love and Hip-Hop?
loves it when the federal government gives back some of the taxes they stole. I think I'll get a new laptop. And some weed.
Plan for the worst, hope for the best!
Super 8 is a shining example of sci-fi nostalgia relevantly created in a an era where bad remakes and unoriginal content reigns.
Oh, thank God we're doing an episode where everyone feels bad for Rachel. THANK GOD.
carme, its because theyre breaking into AN ALL OUT FUCKING WAR OVER HOW WE SAY HARRY AND ABOUT HOW THE ALBUM WAS #1 HERE
why don't you wear ties? what can we do to change your mind? :)
I'm gonna die tomorrow
was great but gross tonight
and I are guilty of judging people right now
Your NM_Pella_Fella has changed email to and the mobile number has changed to (505) 225-5538.
Now I'm getting yelled at bc I said the sex in 50 shades seemed run of the mill...I can't win w this book.
June Stahl rules!
good u don't have to get a hotel up here bc it's to high and I won't have to get a hotel down there just bc u got a spot <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
My you are quick witted! :) I love my new fancy balls! #golf Let me see about June 4th...thanks for the info!
Talking community management with at
Gah! Ive always wanted to experience an earthquake and I missed it! : /
the jews are doing it right
sounds like my kinda day :] Im in the clouds right now haha
Almost 3x as many #jobs for #college #grads than last year, reports.
the sad thing is I'm still at home eating. I'm about to leave I swear haha
kobe raped a lady Ryan!
I would like an espresso machine.
you would have loved it lol
I like how I got my hair done 2 days after I met you. I wish I looked prettier in Tennessee. :|
#GhettoHalloweenTreats - cough drops.
No, I haven't had a chance to thumb around with it yet! I watched their video on the website though! That's great! Can't wait!
On the train. must've chosen the loud & active section. I swear everyone's on #5hourEnergyplus I had to leave to go sit in-between cars
Love gazpacho! What's your favorite recipe or version?
! Did you see brought home the gold #dcedu #edtech. Good stuff happens when Hoyas innovate!
Bad spelling sorry
RT : I typed that one handed. The other hand was lifting olives into my mouth.
Stop in today and taste our soup of the day, a bowl of hot mushroom soup with a green onion garnish that will blow your mind.
Looking for a way to kick off the first day of spring? Come in to Coop's for Rib Tib Tuesday and you won't be disappointed, 1lb for $8.99!
cardboard pencil boxes and scented markers.
check dm in a minute.
Look out pizza man. You dress like pizza you get treated like pizza!
so sick, im in love.
Waking up in the Mourning to find out I have no mutherfucking Cocoo Puffs for me to eat my breakfast #BullShit -__-
The 1990s were the decade of decision for our species; we didn't take the steps necessary to ensure our survival.G.Smith
Just waiting while does the longest interview ever.
I'm excited to see how devs hack, mine, and break Siri to come up with novel user experiences
RT : Girl don't we all! “ I wanna be a billionaire so fuckin bad” >> me too!
I've watched it, rewatched it, watched it drunk... every time, the movie just underwhelms...
So ready for her to leave !
Im in the mood for tacos
#KCOMgrad Dr. Leavine challenges the graduates.."How do you want your patients to remember you?"
How y'all day been
Anyone going to Avicii at Red Rocks this summer?!
You've still got about 20 minutes to get to Manta Ray Bar & Grill to catch the sunset. Was a beauty last night. Tonight?
(2/2) famous/rich and pull mad bitches. but when your 45, theres a great chance youll have some impairments. it'll be hard for
just one of those days...
Missed our first Info Session? Don't fret! #UBAKPsi will be having their 2nd Info Session tonight at 7pm in Jacobs 122!
Happy Birthday to my Mom today! :D
What makes Jason Terry's unstoppableness so unstoppable?
Wishing I was attending #railsconf this year. I'm doing a lot of the other events, but not the actual conf. Have fun, those attending.
Boomers worry Senator Reid's Dream Act (tuition for illegals) will become financial nightmare for state budgets as spending and taxes rise.
The most imaginative people are the most credulous, for them everything is possible
There is if you're a catholic, that's what I was thought anyway.
Aw so cute!:)
RT : Hello new FB friends! TODAY ONLY! recieve a free cupcake with ANY purchase!
Is it possible to wear a bluetooth headset and NOT look like a massive tool?
Shoutout to for following ! Follow them
Here comes the rain
Question from audience, will there be a long term #rental market? Laurie Goodman of Amherst Securities Group says yes.
Follow back .|. XD
Baltimore Airport Hotel Connects Guests With Faster Internet
My song is on! WOBBLEDY, WOBBLEDY, WOB, WOBBLE WOBBLE.
My dry cleaners pick up receipt doesn't have the store hours printed on it. Is this common?
playing what??
Thanks for the RT!
How do you fight like a Hoya? Show by raising $48 in 48 hours Now-Wed @ 12 am
~SJ rules about meetings: no spectators were welcomed & no power point decks allowed~Frightening for some but very effective
icecream! And champagne. Those are our go-to! :)
if u know me then u know I am not usually in the mood for jokes after a loss
damn, stfu already!
Packing for Texas.
thank u I will! Make sure u do the same! ;)
My shoulders are tense. I blame Ravel.
yum! Sounds delicious!
#GWAS or vote for Murdoch
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. ~ Benjamin Disraeli
Got your email! Pumped man!
2. a person characterized by action, as distinguished from one given to contemplation.
You absolutely started it. Are you PMSing or something? Have some bad Judge Bean's? Mad about James Franklin's rise?
i bought a second ticket, if you're interested
would like you on a record before the album gets finalized fam.
Talk from the lines. How someone assisted a consumer.
It's a evening.
I have a very deep love affair with
Finally found someone I can trust!
No more holding our breath while the truth all breaks it
Driving across AR is very slow going on interstate 40
that should read simi-valid
Thanks, Angela! I am, fortunately. :)
This really isn't something I want to discuss across Twitter.
#wow lol RT : Liz Lemon can get it!!!!!
No matter what austin dose or where he goes We will NEVER leave him we will ALWAYS support him and grow up with him through everything.
Cabin in the Woods was *awesome.* Now hanging out while the wife makes herself fish tacos. Oh, Sunday.
send dem my way ! Stage name to
Dark Lord Day--April 30th. Who's going?
America has a fever. It's sick with Democritis. Liberalitis. Liberals think drug companies make us sick? OBAMA is making AMERICA sick.
I would love to learn more about the changes, hope they are great ones
Was in alterra for 3 minutes and got a parking ticket
you're drinking beer with Jayden? Maybe Auntie Wobs is a bad influence- she has about 20 years before that's legal....
RIP Steve Jobs. Thanks for helping us to see tech and computing as beautiful.
A rewarding DirecTV High-definition Dvr Assessment That it&#39;s ...
Making potato salad to go with turkey burgers for dinner tonight. There's just something about warm potato salad that's gross!
What the heck happened to our defense?
Have you ever taken a gigantic step on an adjacent path that's sort of in the right direction?
oh okay!
I can't log in using twitter anymore. I don't want to loose my points. Please save me!
May your life be as awesome as you pretend it is on Facebook.
Jessa: Axe deodorant smells like sugar-free Redbull tastes.
summited a song (Look At Dis Dude)check out song for me please send feedback
Custom gifts starting at just $10!!! www.TheArtPlant.com
#troma is kicking ass on comcast thanks to it's fans!!! over 1.5 million views of it's movies last month!!!
what do u want to eat
It's national senior skip day... and im going to be at school -_-
goo goo dolls and train usually go on between 1 and 2 here, so yes if you make it up that late
yea there are but at the party im at there are none...
or maybe you hid it? ;)
RT alot of people all at once >
Im not going to wear my retainer tonight..thats how badass i am.
love to!
Not if you program while running on a treadmill?
Oh boy, tell me your fantasy.
I am with you my friend! Recharging for next week!
at school im not obsessed but i do talk about it once a while
Dinner at #Pinktaco w/
Nice Niagara Falls shout out Mark Bridges! Congrats in the costume #Oscar for The Artist.
you have to go on a date with ll.
Absoutely. Maybe little cartons of chocolate milk, too.
tonight gunna pop! Rooms at the W hotel for after party!!!
Hey All ... my phone is busted and won't be repaired until Tuesday. In the meantime, please email or Facebook me. Thanks!
considering it took me 3:02 to run a 1/2 marathon last year, I think its fast
They say that all the current tools they have out there will soon measure #nikefuel (not sure if that includes ipods)
eating ice cream when its 40 degrees out?
yup that's me :)
hahaha Yea nd i saw u asked fur help on facebook !! LAMO
thanks to all who tweeted since my last tweet RT : no #ir12 tweets in last 20 minutes help I'm going through withdrawal
Council wants to look at ALL opportunities to reduce waste - recycle, compost, gasification, landfill, etc.
Does anyone really understands what the The Occupy Wall Street Protesters are trying to accomplish? Nobody solves problems by creating more
Off to UCLA tomorrow to recruit at the Career Fair and then going to meet the A2Z-OC team on Wednesday!
Orientation Was Okay(: Hung Out With Some Of My Girls & Now The Guys Are Coming Over ;P
Nice!RT So far: 75% wine, 25% ride. RT Giro d'vino with & Ride, wine taste, repeat.
Curious George is my favorite EVER!!! i want a monkey =(
Time for a nap
Courageous elementary student addresses the BOS telling them how important FLES is to her and her future, asking them to think of children.
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
I'm awake... and I have no idea why. Blah.
Wish I could hear what is coaching Flaherty on in the OF but I love it anyway:) Hold it down out there 10!
Please replace it with a public domain image, perhaps from his City Council days or from the Port.
I still wish I was 5 years old.
Calling it a night night tweedos <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
At least its not sad sobbing!
Watching Contraband #badass movie
thanks for the follow ...;)
1st to Tweet "Ready for Kinect" wins an Xbox 360 S!
I just started reading "Ashes" by ilsa J. Bick, and i'm already hooked. I can't put it down. :-)
did ya see it yet?
Just left Okanogan, WA home bound. Verizon doesn't reach everywhere.
Who is the best summertime band?
Just ate venison for breakfast. I am a caveman.
My bffl is bringing me on vacation<333 love her=)
Shannon and college friends haha
yeah I've looked at it tonight and it seems like it. I'm def going to test it on thurs!
#DEFCON: so apparently ip v 6 is not global conspiracy, it was done in humor. I feel better.....
also, I'll marry you if you come to OK...
Good thing I made that back up account tho. ;)
Nice save by little Timmy.
Life Of A BOSS
Hey now! RT : By the way, I place myself in the "turned on by thunderstorms" category.
Check it out people! Be on the lookout around midnight tonight on itunes! We will be releasing our new E.P."Dirty Little Things" Thanks! -RN
I never thought anyone would ever make me smile, laugh, and capture my heart as fast as you have <3
Happy 13th Birthday to the baby in the family, my little sister Adrianna Reneé Darden! #TheyGrowUpFast!
Stopped by my page to see if anyone has taken notice of our Ministry for Abused Children...Be Blessed and Thankful!!!!
Finished one site today - on to the next one.
Quick Fact: If you are in a room with 22 other randomly chosen people, there's a 50% chance two of the people will share the same birthday.
run back here!!!
ok thanks.. I have one more question, how much is it?
#NP Sugar Shack...
indeed give me 10 min
. and I are trying to get motivated to keep writing today by listening to the Game of Thrones opening theme on repeat.
watched an incrdible Fire game tonight in a 2-2 draw against the KC Wizards. 60 degrees and under the stars in Chicago. Good glass of wine.
Enjoying Cirque du Vin tonight. Fun fruity red wine that is very refreshing.
Not even excited about heading to South Beach. Woo...
I'm not mad that you like her instead of me or sad for that matter, I am only mad/sad because I thought that you cared and I wasted my time!
you can do it, jaim!! Xo
My favorite is that Boise State uses TIMES NEW ROMAN on the web. See any issue of the UPDATE.
#FF -a fantastic writer, - a librarian extraordinaire, - Music know it all, - Food Truck Fanatic
: NSF and NEH require grant applicants to specify how they will "retain and share" their "data" = ?
Don't beat yourself up over something that is now the past. Instead accept it, Learn from it and Move on.
that's pretty much the only reason I use hootsuite.
Coming by for #freedonuts this morning? Can't take care of America as a whole, but we got you covered!
Either is fine. We big boys. ;)
I agree!!!
We feel your pain. Our skills at #wordswithfriends are a bit limited. - Bryan
Today, 10:15 a.m., Bible class at Marietta Adventist Church, The Lost-and-Found Stories of Luke 15.
~ I'm going with #Mclroy but might pull it off #couples is in the lead right now
True excuse used by my Store Manager.....I fell in the shower and hit my head, there is a 10 foot snowdrift in our driveway (only snowed ...
" My performances have finally caught up with my ego. "- Ato Boldon
hittem low and counter with an upper cut! but really don't fight it, give it to God. He always wins!
hell yeah lol
Just want to share this short article from only4gamersscam
shit kicking it low key with my new girl quailisha lol
check what out??
Some bitches are gonna feel so stupid if they show up on Saturday.. Lol i even feel bad
Life has no rehearsals, only performances.
Best advice gave me was to stay grinding! & I have. saved da msg from myspace 2. it was da #bestmoment! I miss talkin to her!
Problems in the mind that make you lose sight and go blind
Of course! You know I'll always make time for -
I guess he just didn't catch my eye. For me it's something about their demeanor .. I guess
is uploading a new build to id and Microsoft!
I hate the "Billy Donovan is 0-6 against Rick Pitino" argument. Why in the world does that matter?
Thanks for the Hottest Bartender shout-out!
Man why do I fuck with weird girls
Taking my Ma to dinner
One more day and I can say goodbye to 14 hour days! At least I will have the choice to study after work and the languages I choose.
Eddie Murphy improvised many of his lines in Beverly Hills Cop.
Getting my hair done :)
Spending Saturday doing homework. Makes me miss college football that much more.
Big Fan of Anne Kaufman!
Thanks for the chance to write this series Bora. It was very fun.
You okay?
Hook up tonight at Room 101! The place to see and be seen.
i have never been to an in-n-out burger. is that bad?
you're a cheap date
I'm at DIY Business Conference in Brooklyn, hope to learn a lot and meet amazing people
UlH defense is horrible.
Time to find a new football team. Where Peyton goes, I go. I'm sure Jim will be sad to lose my support.
So tired of dealing with Internet Explorer & design issues
#OneThingImSureOf is nothing can happen without the support of God, Friends, Family and Fans
“: Hamilton has 4 different songs on his list this year: This Life, I Used To Do It, Sing A Song,and Showstopper” ..Thanks!
RT : Buffalo may not be the prettiest girl for Mario Williams, but they're loyal and do the freaky stuff.
Thus, you make my point about Steveie Blake
#CI can live with library, KM and IT. Wherever it lives, key is to integrate intelligence into BD / marketing
Good Morning Luv :)
pssh, i've been givin you all my best moves.
NV Delamotte #Champagne. Consistently one of best small chateaux. Fine mousse, oakey, minerals, pear, smoke through the finish 88 pts
50.4% of nations population made up of majorities
moms going into the ER right now :( im going in the morning :( plz pray for both of us!!
So stoked to go see tonight, but now the problem of what to wear is on my mind....
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 52
"Pretentious Twerps?" I might have to tell my mom you said that! It would crush her since she's a such a fan of yours!
I c u on 106 n Park
I am so lucky to have such funny people in my life.............
Alright alright, homework then workout.
#fixreplies boo twiter...boo only ok for people who know how to distinguish replies and mentions and the new folks don't bad form :(
: maybe. Today is an anomaly due to class on Sat morning and Really late night. Paper, dance/party, papers, etc.
Good Morning #Baltimore. We finally made it to Friday. Make sure you get your Mardi Gras tickets for Saturday!!
LOL Ok! Use #Suffolkaccepts to connect with your class. #fingerscrossed :)
u r very serious LOL
Lol we get it from our mama, thanks. lol
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
come through..got purp??? #weedless right now
Man, I'm tired. So tempted to cancel baby's spot in infant room child care at gym this morning. Don't do it, Sara. Go to the gym.
If this was a drug case, everything may well be answered rationally: Martin suspended from school for drug susp. so he got it somewhere
Happy National Chocolate Cake Day and it's Friday? Party Party Party!
7605770636 he said call him
Not every rock wants to roll.
Thanks for the repost!
what?? thats not due until may 5 i thought
WTF is up with all "Someone is making horrible/bad cmments about you"?!?!Shit is gettin annoying!!!
i know! I said it loud && proud too!
Welcome to Paradise!!
I love moe's mindset on the course, such a great quote
I'll get you some cheese that can steal.
In a world full of people you can lose sight of it all and the darkness inside you can make you feel so small.
I hate when single people use their lack of relationship as a means to get attention. Why can't you get attention by being a decent person?
name one time
Santé! RT I'm excited to mix up some drinks w & Thanks for bringing us together!
Your move, Gotye.
tonight's reading will feature Alexandra Teague, Thaisa Frank & Noriko Nakada. 7pm @ The Good Luck Bar. $3 donation, cash bar.
this is like the Shaq BS last year, i dont think he'll return even near 100%(if he does), good thing AB is in #beastmode!
I'm going to kill whoever stole my toothbrush
I could've been a doctor, Should've been a lawyer. I go to court so much, could've been my own employer. #GUCCIwhatshappenin'
I can see the fire from my house O.o
I don't share your flattered feeling when Don Istook contacts me. Of course, he's my brother. Let's hope his TTRS Audi races well!
not Danica's fault In this one Pack.
Im Bloody Mary!
U have the most amazing smile out there mami. I wish u nothing but the best. Hope, u will follow me like i am u
Happy hump day!<3
We vote you implement this idea immediately!
oh wow :) that gave me the giggles
That is no surprise, Bilbao keeps their Basque players when they can.
Tebow in first three quarters: 3-15 45 yards, INT. He is
" To all my tweets have a great weekend "~~~~Kisses:)
lol laying here wit my boyfriend bout to fat
"If you are willing to do for a year what others won't, you can spend a lifetime doing what others can't!"
Just had a work-out in the gym nearby: ony 2 minutes walk. So no excuses possible!
Sounds like a great event Scott.
My main focus tomorrow is my
never fucking mind.
Bout to leave for work. Have a good day ppl.
I NEED a new phone so bad
thank you for the input and the website to check out.
Lehigh! Wow, my wife will be so happy
Thx for the thumbs up on Hereafter. I was debating whether to go see it or not, now I will.
Do jumping jacks while you make the cookies! :)
Santa is the west's version of Shiva
That's the way uh huh uh huh I like itt.
Thank you Twitter for bringing dignity back to patents.
It's ridiculous I have to drive 30 minutes into Ohio to get heavy cream. What's your beef with heavy cream, Kentucky?
I need to get out of this house as soon as possible.
ah man, did our new DP get hurt?
#DesperadoLife or slide off!
RT I'm having a GREAT time in Corpus this shit is
look forward to your show tonight on i'll be DJing before & after your set.
Be thankful that the death in THE AVENGERS wasn't the death of Cameo Stan Lee.
Can we still vote #dragrace #PhiPhiOhara for the next drag superstar
im gonna dl. It see if I like it.
question- "pepsi, or coke?" answer- "trick question, beer"
Where is a good place to watch the fight this weekend in #DC #Arlington or #Fairfax?
YES. I just saw it. Two words..Chris Evans. And it's an awesome movie :D
Okay!!So Whats up(:
Cvs runs are the beat runs
surprise. She just didnt tell u til today lol
Offered a show at burning man 2011!!!
Programming will be starting on Tuesday, March 13th!
RT : In our school decisions, create equity, not just equality.
Fresno CA
It's 12:20am - do you know where your librarian is? (answer: on a shuttle bus to Corvallis).
man things are well bro... How are things for you?
Getting closer, let's hit our goal today of $75! You donate $1, your friend donates $1, easy as pie! indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
i'm not sure what "sport" i'd play in such a shirt... perhaps yachting or plantation owning.
welcome to 2011!
I love too much. I can't live without their crunchy peanut butter w/ flax and organic trek mix. But I get lots of staples there.
awww man u called me out n sh*t lol
- Just Got Home . . Pissed TF Off !
Thinking too much and feeling like a horrible person. Oh heavy thoughts.
A man who treats his woman like a princess is proof that he has been born and raised in the arms of a queen.
The details. OH THE DETAILS!!
Happy Easter
doesn't matter for me
Lol I am hard sleeper, what can i say haha.
Good luck to on their Math EOG! Pray for me aswell because this one is gonna be HARD!
#artsummit world connectivity depends on authentic reciprocity, not all give or all get
Judy in the Sky dance party!
Making bacon. No, literally...actual bacon. Its been a long day so I have to eat more Atkinse-like.
Oops! Rex did it again!!
When iI hit my funny bone its not really that funny.
Just thought of another academic shibboleth: Goethe, a name I wouldn't speak aloud for YEARS. Also: Nietzsche.
Existenz in my pants!
RT blasting house music while working out >>>>>
if they can't market it with the main buzz word, what's the point?
will we ever see a rerelease of the state book its impossible to find
I would barter off like eight generations of my future ancestors to be able to go to London Fashion Week. Accept my form of payment!
We're just getting started, but we plan to, yes.
We achieved picture lock on our broadcast edit of our documentary. Finishing today!
I'm pretty sure every time I go on Twitter, you've just gotten off like 5 minutes ago. #Ridiculous #YouWillNeverFollowMe :(
"I never knew words could be so confusing," said Milo. "Only when you use a lot to say a little," answered Tock.
#raw10 Rappers have over 20 people on stage, but only 2 perf. The others, shoot dice, smoke blunts, discuss politics, drink cough syrup, etc
Great book RT : Happy World Book Night! I'll be distributing "The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks" by R. Skloot.
ill be there , cant wait to see you
I want mozzarella sticks.
#bestbreakupexcuses your my cousin
WANGO TANGO tomorrow!! I finally get to see perform Live!!
I have a vague recollection of an alleged sexual assault in the house, Wasn't enough evidence tho.
We have FREE passes to a preview showing of from #HBO. See our last tweet for the deets.
No Classes today at the Conservatory in observance of Presidents Day.
love the pic. My favorite pics of my babies are of those cute little toes! They grow so fast, enjoy every second. Congrats
Running on pure adrenaline as I continue my #research info this fine Monday:)
#Hockey is very unpredictable. The last two years the caps were stellar in reg season and lost early in playoffs. And now they're advancing!
Tomorrow is national kiss day! Uhh oh! :D haha
Q7 I've got a librarian friend who's getting a second masters in New Media Studies.
I havent even been on here in awhile becuz there was no reason to.:/
I work all weekend hoe
Now THAT is impressive.
When I lay in my bed I think of all the thinqs me n him are hidinq from ppl.! It upsets me alot because were doinq this two them.! :(
RT : New version of The King's Speech will be released April 1. “We are thrilled the PG-13 version of The King’s Speech......
that's true.... Aren't you jealous.
can't wait for Saturday playa! West Side and some microbrews. What?!
Tried out the AF-100 at a recent show in Burbank, exchangeable micro 4/3rd lens, Compact Primes with an adapter, fun!
Paradise by coldplay :)
... my hometown and a great place on a great lake... See you tomorrow in Minneapolis... Enjoy Milwaukee!
My first earthquake! Much more disturbing than I could have expected to feel the floor moving in a basement.
yes that was cool today... when i heard the music i felt like suiting up
Lunch outside 65 degrees.
We are working hard to get our paperwork done! We are hoping for late winter/early spring...
Let's go after states like on Sunday. I can't go today...
Starting to worry we may not have enough booze for #NTCSFParty. Might need to send out a gang to steal some from
Instead of asking traditional risky questions, interviewers should ask behaviorial questions based on the required skills.
You guys did a great job!
Some things God reveals to us are hard to accept by others.
Aw :( I live in Dallas, Texas but its like 262 miles away... My parents wont drive me... Maybe some other time :/
You're welcome!
Finally got that over with!
lol ever since i got on twitter i have non stop been on it day or night.
My young Padawan, they will make you write about what you wrote about someone else's writing about a writer
I'm in the convention center. Where is everyone else?
praying for you guys today!
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
I love you and you're just amazing please follow me
Congrats to our boys on the new album's success.. Well deserved. Can't wait to catch up with you crazy kids again!!
HotShots photo show opening in conjunction w/ rock musical; 120dB ...
lol Awesome. Im thinking tonight I will stick in a scary movie
dear partner in crime, we will be writing a book soon.
Dry Cleaners, check. Photocopies, check. Next on the agenda, packing!
If you include your middle initial, You're 99%more likely to be a douchebag.
No public ones scheduled, but we do private training if your employer is interested.
just use that big ass graduation check u got haha
no problem!
no....she's not yours you bitch. you don't deserve to be her valentine at all.
understandable that it's not a children's app, but the attempts at finding a date via bingo can get interesting
Don't forget to </close> your tags, for your site may pay the price
yeah. That's an extreme example. How about tattoos? There are plenty of cross tattoos. People just get to pick that it's fine, but
~ Hey Earvin, Our Spartans looked great tonight!
They're so awesome! Have fun.
Good game 49ers and Giants
“Small acts, when multiplied by millions of people, can transform the world.” - Howard Zinn
check to see where you stand and make a note of your renewal dates.. as you will have to give a notice period before you change!
Thanks for the follow!
Collin probably should have 5 goals..but a controversial call vs. LA negated an athletic header goal
Hahahahaha I'm all good, but I did learn that me and hurdles will NEVER happen lol
Should be a great day to golf in Denver tomorrow, 89 degrees yeah!
EAPH trying to tango....
OMG! Pleas erase that from your precious little memory!!lmao! !!!!!! How embarrassing!
Didnt dude try to kiss him? RT : Will Smith Was Dramatic As Fuck huh???.....WOW o.O
that smile tells me everything I need to know about the album :)
"I'm not here to make friends. I'm here to get to the front to see Obama" --lady next to me at the
Quick Q: Is the scottish rite scholarship also posted online in Admissions Center? Thanks!!
Where are you tap dancing? Sounds fun!
I stuck my junk in those hand warmer slots QBs have
Awkward moments aha
I know I didn't even get to watch it ):
ah, those guys! Shhh! Secret! (:
thank you Belize is a beautiful country. Looking forward to learning more from you.
I luv the cheesecake factory but if u don't get a both you are always all up on someone else.
big dev day today!
RT : Sad night for equality, freedom, common sense & democracy in US. See results in NC & IN. "Weeping may endure for a night..
My second audition is today! I'm happy and a bit anxious at the same time, but I know I'm ready!
The funny thing is I know more amber Coles than I can count.
ehh. That's true. :I yikes. That would be tragic.
He has to bite his lip and grit his teeth; I take it to hide the truth and not slip up with the truth.
Just had banana bread ice cream at brusters in calcutta. $2 cones all night! $3 waffle cones
As soon as the sun shines again!
60% of women say their husbands are better cooks than they are. I guess Asian women were left out of this survey
It is so Fuckin humid,
I'm pretty sure I saw that "It's gonna be May" meme a long time ago.
If your take care clinic opens at 9 then why is your provider still not here?
the true Beliebers are the ones who will always be with you
Marco Valenzuela is a superb computer graphics (3D) artist! Thanks for being with Poised Creation from the beginning!
And so begins a cycle of all front-end development work for the next few weeks. It's always feast or famine.
i am such lady i am classy sassy and got an attitude dnt no shit from nobody cuz am a boss
": A honey butter chicken biscuit would be heaven right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>"
Seriously!!! I like answers. I'm kinda done with mysteries. Unless they're on tv. :-) Not in my life.
I think if it was provided with other applications in an all in one package app, we could create a fully participating USA
You are One In 6 Billion
Don Henley sounds pretty sweet on the Fusions speaks
You're not a REAL Adele fan if the only song you know is "rolling in the deep"
Not sure I understand the distinction yet between "kindling" and "logs"
"Success" is NOT the best "revenge". Death is...
Worries linger about Nickelodeon&#39;s ratings slump
Team ugly dow
I try to but good night yellow lol
im trying to hear a song wit. Wes Nyle, young Sam ,and KP(prod by KP) VERSES in that order. #myOpinion that would be Filthy
Got a brazillian blowout on my hair .. We will see if it makes my hair silky smooth.. 8-) .. Off to see Salt .. I love love Angelina Jolie
I haven't drank in three days, it's a problem they we need to solve...
In the car with the girls blasting Chasing The Sun!!!
Gave some of our volunteers a sneak peak of our new website tonight. They loved it, we're excited. All will be revealed very soon.
<U+2605> <U+2605> We can help you with one small detail for your upcoming wedding......or we can help plan the entire event! <U+2605> <U+2605>
MWW Designs will soon offer custom Facebook layouts for musicians and DJs!!
RT : In lupus, something goes wrong w/immune system. Autoantibodies attack healthy tissue & causes inflammation.
just avoid using any ACME products and you should be good. You'd figure he would have sued them by now.....
i need to learn the art of the book review. hey, that would be a good blog post...but not for me.
I've lived in #Arizona 14 years and I am still no good at its geography
Feeling the urge for an atmospheric shooter. Think I'll replay both Bioshocks!
thank you- this was the longest labor ever ;)
Cartel - Matter of Time
Another successful KMEA show!
If you drink coffee why not drink healthy coffee! This is the best thing you could ever do.www.energyconnection.organgold.com!Drink health!
happy easter , follow or rt me maybe i will never say never you will follow me one day (: love you
- alright, cya soon!
nothingg just in the car... I have a horrible headache.
thanks Doc
is it just me or white tea always smells like tomatoes?
I'm hungry....... BRB im gonna go get a pickle!!
I'm gonna start calling you Debbie
Nice dinner at last night and sitting in the sun in the Marina today learning lines and reading. Lovely weekend.
hey girl I know a company who is looking for a female Dj for essence festival, are you free? If so I'll forward ur info
i hate it when u go 2 the bathroom and the toilet seat is like freezing cold for no reason
thank you! :)
i have yet to find him on here...i will make him when we are roommates
you were great tonight but don't be TOO great
I will take the OVER RT : Over/under on football as a mainstream sport: 15 years
nowadays, its only cheating if u get caught...
#Suns vs #Clippers is a good game on the low
thanks for letting us know, please email we would like to hear more about your experience tonight
remove thyself from twitter
btw...I got a new job...WENDY'S FTW!! hahahaha...
It's crazy how Avatar can represent how humans destruct anything or anyone no matter what just to get what they want :/
WE welcome "Shuly Wigs" to AgooBiz // The Social Commerce Network!
My phone is freaking me out omg
Well apparently they have a good reputation... may need to check one out! ;)
Officially off to #Aruba. If you need me, email me. I'll tweet a lil in btw the HORRIBLE hours at the beach.
Damn I ain't been on Twitter in a minute.
Watching #milliondollarlisting makes me want to move to #nyc real bad...
ryan grant ?
RT : Remember kids, you can't spell "AVENGERS ASSEMBLE" without "ASS".
#Mallorca! Beaches, Mountains, Downtown It's HEAVEN! RT : What's your favorite island?
Thanks everyone for all the RTs on today's post. We need more bike + driver unity in the ATX. Much <3
We have to wait until cali turns 12.
I dread getting the results of that test
Sounds great! Do you know when Richard and Robert are coming home?
Ha! I hadn't even noticed that.
Just let it go via
Craving some hash browns.
Honestly you are a waste of my time. You are useless as a man, especially a faithful man! Be gone with you loser ass!!
I believe a team should be rewarded for hard work, a strict adherence to fundamentals. -Phil Jackson
I feel like a canoli
I'm honored. And congratulations.
U got that right, my friend - this is NOT going to be fun - hopefully they'll come around..not holding my breath...
Our vendors help keep us looking good & dependable to our clients, and that's why we continue to do business with them!
Hey, , I agree with and we need celebratory \m/TACOS\m/ tonight! :-D
sorry to hear that, I hope you got her insurance info
Busy! Dyslexic kid looking for recommendations. His dad actually.
I went geocaching for the first time today with !! It was a success. New hobby?
actually I do but sometimes... its like ya'll are trying so damn hard. Just my 2 cents, I'll keep letting you school me ;)
I was an emotional wreck today. Oopsies
Matt, People die all over, not just in SoFlo.
almost hit a goose!
It's #Women's Equality Day. Thank you ECStanton, SBAnthony, ABloomer, APaul & the unnammed activists who helped give me the right to vote.
you can work and graduate. I did! Really not that hard
Enter our new sweepstakes for a chance to win a free session and photo credit. Click on the tab under the cover photo.
Theres never a second chance for a first impression.
Let us put our rain slickers and umbrellas to use! We'll deliver one of our knock-your-socks-off, piping-hot pizza to you! Call 521-9800.
but you did prove that you think about his back catalog more than he does.
i cant believe your I love you for that!! follow back maybe!?
Reasons why im weird- if I get a turtle I want to name him Glen Coco
I have at least 2-3 Winnie paintings sold :)
Go Big Red! RT : Cornell dominates Syracuse 12-6. Imoressive performance for the
I am addicted to pistachios.Yummie! I can't seem to get enough. I'm glad it's not drugs.
April month celebrations will take place in Kwa Zulu-Natal.#South Africa. Wonder what great things are in store?Follow us!
you're so not my baby, it's making me crazy
“ Lmaoo im single i can do wtf i want...” You ain't No Real BestFriend Nomore You Juss a Friend Nbs
oh maybe it's just the wild kind
Sun and showers today in Kentucky. Nice leap year weather!
How is your morning going ? RT
ahahaa watch me throw water balloons in your face !
imma bout to block this dude
"Hey you should text me :)" - said no one ever to me.
Show your support for independent artists!
UR welcome :). I like being a member of JLM. We are volunterring all over MLPS for
What would the 1% wear? And how can I get the look with a 99% budget?
So is it 200 degrees in NOLA today or am I just ill-equipped for exercising outdoors?
a billionty is not a numerical value. Perhaps a goodleflop of power points.
God, Dave Mustaine has been being such a retard lately I might have to start liking Kirk Hammett out of spite!
Oh and today I am all about positive energy. So today I chose to radiate love and acceptance towards all.
YES! Thanks so much for the help! Craig and I have been trying to figure out the name of the book and its author!
Merry Christmas Eve my idol. Thnk u so much for being the wonderful person tht u are!
Whoa. RT : This week, TSA officers found 29 guns in carry-ons, 24 of which were loaded
aw hun I would love an iphone too can't afford it lol :P x
Your show often goes long and my DVR cuts you off. Please rectify. Thanks. Can't wait to read #drift!
I couldnt agree more with that one. Nicely put ;)
Who is your Crush? Aww, you should tell us or at least give us a hint. :'( <3
Good morning darling!!..hope your feeling better!!!..have a wonderful weekend!!!
Kris Joseph might be playing himself out of the #NBA draft. Dion Waiters on the other hand...
For real.. Laker fans are true fans and always stay Laker fans..
Hate it when I see a truck like mine - only cooler.
Can't wait to see at the event this Friday at Equinox!!
This is a minor edit.
Can't stop watching #criminals minds -- might never get to bed!
We'll have plenty of shirts Friday @ the Conservatory for Night Beats and the incomparable
I have a feeling likes crack, he keeps talking bout crack. Da fuq?
Decided it's definitely time to start planning a summer trip....
So I'm watching Fantasy Factory, and they showed a hamster attack. This hamster attacked someone, and it had an outfit on.
I am selling directly. Email me at for details
when you see me ?
Thank you also
British accents go well with tea. American accents go well with 7eleven big gulp diet coke.
Up looking for a good coffee joint. Don't make me go to Starbucks long beach, don't do that to me
Why are people lying on me and making accusations about me that could really damage my career and reputation? All I do is try and be good
it's was a quick trip but was certainly an adventure.
In honor of spinning at Dell's VIP event at #NBMBAA. Let me know your favorite S&P song. I already told you mine!
very cute profile pic Kris! Just noticed it!
Hope all the Occupy OC protesters protected themselves with sunscreen towelettes over the weekend!
I love writing in because of their consistent coffee and atmosphere, but their consistent air conditioning always makes me cold.
This basement smells like a pak'ma'ra refrigerator.
EVENTUALLY one of these shots will go in, right????????????
Started dinner to discover I had exactly 1 of the ingredients I needed.
very nice! gogogo...1st is yours :D
Why? Because they support social signals, says
Production Live Online - 2011 Celebration of the Arts II & Film Battle Royal. Tuesday November 22nd, 2011 at The Greatest Bar!
yeah he's all stealth and whatnot
Last day for Portobello Mushroom Wedges, get them while you can!
On behalf of #puce: application accepted. From our European office.
that's pretty much every day RT : Please RT if you woke up and realized "Wow, I am obese!"
Wow, thanks so much for the high praise! We're glad to offer a little comfort food on dreary days.
What is up with you're eye?
He really did make me smile<3
#TribeTrivia: Who else did the Tribe acquire along with Pronk from Texas in 2002?
Happy New year everyone! First meal of the year is midnight snack of toasty baguette w scrambled eggs and robluchon cheese!
I have a few fascinating South African friends, but have never been. I'm following your instagram now. you'll see me there
Had a beautiful walk through the woods to go with the lovely weather outside.
Hopefully soon!
Did you enjoy Light-up Night? Let us know!
RT : Happy to announce joined twitter! Follow him immediately Someone who RTs this wins a personal tweet from him
switching channels between coach carter, gridiron gang, && 8 mile!.<3(:
he said it on some of his songs! Smh
Learning how to tweet at #LASAC with It hurts.
Someone better be saying "J-10!" "Hit!" and then Liam Neeson falls backwards off the dock.
Thank you for my gorgeous glow! You rock!!
Love me some Kentucky! #IllBeBack RT : If it was based on cities mine would be diff but I've got NC State -7.5
Welcome to the team! RT : Tomorrow morning I start my job in the office of the Brevard Symphony Orchestra. Super excited!
banged my foot up at work.....definitely starting to feel it.
Tonight is White party Hit us up for tbls n guest list. 3109406309
I just don't buy her therapy sessions at all!All for show. A REAL doctor would NEVER do those on camera
i can't understand that! PLEASE STOP!
Looking forward to #showb tomorrow! Need to get the robot ready!
so let's talk about making some moves!!! Inbox me ur contact info..
Ok so I guess I'm officially a resident of Sarasota, ok time to get to work...Let's line up some shoots!
President Magruder welcomes all and invites participation in the Pledge of Allegiance.
Bought my first car cash! everything in my name! OMG!!
I'm really looking forward to this afternoon's #voiceover get-together in Cincinnati!
Broccoli Cheese soup haha
April is comig soon! :-)
it's an early session. You're right about tomorrow
LOL Hey you!!
Thanks much! Glad to be a part of it. And great meeting you too!
Wise guy
If Toniqht's A Accident then Tomorrow We'll Recover .
If you like Rabbit Proof Fence, check out memoir, "Of Water and the Spirit" about African boy taken by missionaries.
jenn you are literally a piece of feces on a stick
Ew is my boyfriend on his period too?
Nope! But they manage and strive forth which I respect. When you're that big, you can't win em all.
hahahaha. I think he's going to pass up my dad in height. btw - lunch one of these days?
anyone else have that ONE person they cant fucking stand at CF?!
I think my first sentence after sitting up was "Wow I can see!" Hazy but not blurry. Pretty darn amazing.
Thanks for following. Looking forward to ur tweets!
Aint smoked in soo long , I think Im cool on it now.
worst jobs situation in all 50 states is right in WI under Walker's watch. Anything else missing?
Off to SOAS event--away from Twitter.
Watching Ocean's Eleven on TV, been awhile since I've seen it, love the various dynamics between the characters
hey, how's it going
Do you think the fact we're not allowed to curse on the radio is what makes it so utterly tempting to curse on the radio? Fuggin FCC!
Sock puppet! Sorry, that just came into my head. I needed to shout it out, but twittering it (?) will have to do.
go get that W tonight go Spartans my boys!!!
a technical glitch...of course. So, I waited extra long for mine.
they are called queens....
I like to give a shoutout, SHOUTOUT!!!! :)
An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have. The older she gets the more interested he is in her. ~ Agatha Christie
just added kendall hunter...why did I do that I caught the tail end of the conv
You are so so so welcome!!!:D
lol I didn't end up unfollowing him next time ur over we'll screw with him
IM GUESSING THAT U JUST GOT SIGNED BY A RECORD LABEL:)
Fall enrollment appts are now in your UDSIS Student Center
digital media is beginning to conquer alongside the higher education significance
"Never get out of the boat. Absolutely goddamned right. Unless you were going all the way."
nice response there, Tyler. I already have some predictions. #cantwait #TeamTyler Thanks for responding btw.
thanks! So far I'm loving the way it looks on my wall.
Dashboard Test
RT has u covered with umbrellas in this rain! Comp umbrella stations at L'Occitane and Body Shop. Comp S'bux coffee and cocoa!
#AllBetter RT : ALEX RIOS NOW 2-FOR-39 WITH A RUNNER ON THIRD AND TWO OUTS SINCE THE START OF 2011!
Our Scottsdale location opens Feb 1st at Vans Golf Shop at 8720 E. Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd.
Just two more
ignorant bitches
An investigation into the relationship between media and the press, and what gets highlighted? Who's receiving text messages and [1/2]
Congrats on a hard day of work!
Step 10 often forgotten task - document your experience! Full text search doesnot work; syntax rules differ #sqlpass 10 steps to SQL cloud
Bacon is my best friend.
Come see me about Internships# Teen Summer Program Expo# Newton South High School# Newton, MA# Monday February 7, 5:30-8pm.
cool, I'll hold you to that! Have fun 2nite and have a safe and HOPPY New Year from Froggy 104.9...thanks again!
still looking for a big girl job..
my phone is pissing me off so dam bad I am going to brake this dam phone..
Military, law enforcements, employers, sports, etc use drug tests, hence the higher demand than otherwise would have
Pretty nice. It's great you're providing a mobile site (too many restaurants these days aren't).
Great news! Hampton Inn/Boca Raton has been added to the ever growing list of hotels!
We only want to say: Follow the suggestions of !! ;-)) Have fun!
Priceless moment on Portland news. 2 guys behind the reporter holding up paper signs.
#iStoppedBelievingInSantaWhen ... I never stopped believing him, who would trend such a thing D:<
I know what you mean about ice cream sodas. I love them, so many places make them wrong, like with crushed ice plus ice cream.Yuck!
there were some awesome platforms in your pres that I had never seen!
they're so obnoxious. I have nothing to do with them.
Landed in Rome. One hour here, then off to Ethiopia.
Every minute there is over A thousand Tweets on my home page....Lolzz...Can this get any worse (>_<)
At home about to get in my bed
A positive parent/teacher meeting, a new SEO account, and gaining another new shipping module customer equals a highly productive day!
I, The Skyline... was too sick. Best friends for life. Check them out on our top. They're the best. <3
Thank you again, #clinteastwood, you rock and your commercial was awesome. BTW, Obama is an idiot.
Where's all the mahomies??
word is wind. my happiness has more feeling then anothers negative opinion. so I will love as I want, blowing in the wind lifted by my joy
is the loveliest lady "in the know" about TV production :)
The house is full of models, stylists, make-up artists and photographers for a high-end fashion shoot today. O la la.
Dance show tonight :)
Thanks for the RT!
Nice day to go outside
She didn't? Maybe we're just drunk and hungry. RT : Totally thought Bachmann was going to refer to the $5 foot-long.
thanks you are cute too yes it's me lol. I tried with a friend on here and it is just too hard
Better wear a glove dude. You don't want a bunch of hands running around #Addamsfamilyproblems “: brb gotta get my hand pregnant”
I'm loving rye rye outfit!
International visitors reaction today to #arizona in the news: "there are other states - Alabama - that have also raised concerns"
It's the little things that count.
Hey how are u? avril
caucusing tomorrow? Or is the mimimum age 65? ;)
If you missed any of Michael Bergdahl's interviews, pick up the podcasts on our website! Today we talked about setting expectations!
Still have people to shop for? Give them a gift that is beautiful enough to be showcased in their home for years to come!...
Congratulations to - you are the #SFIMA raffle WINNER!
- Thanks for all the good times. Come visit the new office! Cc:
lolol I know right it wuz soo funny. & he had me on when he wuz dance-ing haha (:
see you soon!
Tired bed time:)
Hey Blake don't listen to some nerd who bases their twitter and life off of reality TV. He is a talentless prick.
DW who's your money on this weekend, I got Shields, "Rampage" and Edgar?
Thx for the add Have a great day!
Always good info when following
Back in eastern standard time
#rise&grind Thanking God 4 blessing me 2day. On my way 2 work. Jus gonna leave it God's hand and enjoy the day wit a smile.
Why is it every time that I like a guy, they like someone else?
Already following.
Dawes? Jesus Christ that's unoriginal. Writing is official dead. Long live adspace!
Oh that would be horrible to lose your game. I had played two hours and it got deleted.
Follow for ethiosoccer in DC
Vegetarian is an old indian word for "bad hunter."
Everything's golden, my man. You?
Sorry for the wait Cece dropping soon...
Testament to Ideo as real holistic designers: they were hired to solve behavior change problem -- unwanted pregnancy
i've been wearing you hoodie everysingle day<3 i think it's time to make a change and buy your 11:11 hoodie(;
Happy Mother's Day from Las Vegas!!! Hope u didn't forget!
I've tried two of your java recs. so far...gonna try this one too
buck buck
haha - sorry dude. Friday is my social media day!
what is RepSpace
tx for shout out. Happy 2 b in such good company. rock on kids...
RT I want a STRONG drink right now! Yea yea
I need those :-)
They need to hire some good out of work college grads.
Happiest place on Earth motherfuckers.
This weather makes it so hard to do anything but lay out <U+2600>
Hey Mike, looking forward to learning more about tonight! Talk to you two then.
In honor of the big game, our football shirts are 45% off. Have some football fun! www.brewcityonline.com
whatcha up to?
Enjoying a Sidecar, after a long lapse: 2 brandy/cognac, 1 Cointreau, 1 lemon juice, sugar rim. An exemplar for sweet-sour balance.
is that Marvin Sapp album a blessing?
40's of High Life, records and a whole lot of fun.
Can't wait for May 31. I'll let you know what happened June 1.
Only 285 days until Christmas -- that means we're less than 50 days away from the first all-Christmas flips!
Good nite del
The Question Bridge:Black Male Exhibit will be linked to the African Burial Ground beginning Jan 13, 2012.
Yes Gettin My Hair Cut !! Thank God . :)
Follow your bliss & God will open doors for you where there were only walls...(yes- i need some walls demolished...)
Miami Dolphins: "We're a real NFL team, we promise!"
no I didn't. Thanks for the shout out tho...
well after caps lock police got on ya :p
#whatifindattractive authenticity, a man who is not afraid to be himself, and can commit being to considerate of the woman he loves.
FWD:FTH : #Anonymous calls on twitter users to get #FuckTheHouse trending due to the passing of
- Thanks for the link Ryan!
u're about 2 blow up when ur film comes out! I'm excited 4 u! I read w/ u n a CDs Room 4 a film w/ Zac Efron. U blew me away!
Moving along with sending out an updated draft at around 3am.... Crossing fingers..
good look ditto
Shocking news! I just heard a person ask me if we had beer ! We have 130 beers ,including my fave on tap,Boddington's !
This mosquito in my bedroom keeps coming back for more; it must be Italian
oh nvm i forgot what i asked you thats cool though were close in age!!! :)
where u at Hutch? This Noc!
yo! Happy Birthday!
Taking a long lunch break to go put in 2hrs of volunteer work @ this Elementary school the kids gonna love this activity:-)
Would that there were a way to discretely photograph this dude's handlebar moustache!
LAC posted about Molly Moon's Homemade Ice Cream Shop in Seattle RT : please share! Where do you find that?
no way you're the only one lol
Employees care more about how fairness was reached than if an actual fair outcome was achieved - fairness process.
Wishing the same! RT : Best of luck to the #IMC Team with the #NSAC competition tomorrow!! You guys will rock it!
There gonna make me come out of retirement like Jay Z.
I know it's just the way its going okc speed lol
can I get a RT or a follow from the best CF in baseball?!
Thank you Donald. We do like our soups!!
Whenever I go to a keyboard, my fingers go to the wasd keys out of habit.
Join me at Island Divine in La Jolla, May 5th!
“: After his endorsement yesterday George W. Bush says he's "looking forward to campaigning with Romney" start in Iraq?
My own bf is whipped by his uncle...his 22 still lives at home asshole niggerasshole cuntfaced pothead and still virgin uncle.
Well I had the homecoming coronary assembly today. I escorted my friend Makena. It was pretty fun, I wore a tux. Pic on my facebook.
"wondering, what's the point of going out, we're just going to end up back here anyway!"
I think I'm turning Japanese.... I drank the Bubble Tea and it's everything everyone says it is
How about a long hair?
Ok, I haven't left, yet. But, I'm teetering.
marine corp band kickin it 4th and st ch they are a containd ruckus and sound great!!
Wasiting for more snow on top of the 30+" we already have. Love the soothing Organogold green tea.It strenghtens my immune system,no colds!
oh great there go's the husband YELLING his lines....
Benchmark Treasury yields seemed to have no ceiling and MBS prices.
if a big guy with a white beard stuffs u in his red bag, dont worry, i asked for u for christmas(:<3
Im scared. .
maybe after school, what time do you guyz get out on Wednesday?
Watching the game in Seattle in the Snow
is making us hangover burritos. :)
what time is your reservation at?
Did you know #LA has a Noise Enforcement Team who, sadly, do not have a twitter account, but do hilariously call themselves SOUNDBUSTERS
teaching a masters level class -assignment to define "instructional design & technology"-what's your definition of the field??
And it's the Indianapolis Pacers for Christ's sake, they haven't had a Playoff run since 2004, i'm sure their Twitter feed is overloaded
added ya:)
All because of two points...
you have a big derrière! Do it, I need to remember my pw to vote
tempted, but was quick stop-over. did have time to walk from canal area to Yats on Mass & liked what i saw esp Vonnegut mural
Go pacers good win tonight make me proud !!!!
Absolutely! Anytime away from work is a good time. ENJOY
Watching the first episode of Planet Earth Live, which aired last night. Too much Richard Hammond, not enough wildlife!
This is too much for me...c'mon lakers. COME ON!
Goodnight babe <3
I hate you!! lol I want that so bad
Dear Mother Nature, please bring on the rain & wash this nasty yellow pollen away before I sneeze all over my #Subway sandwich.
Anybody from my 540+ followers want to help!?
Trying to get over a migraine -- this headache is going on something like two weeks now...
That doll "Cynthia" Angelica had from Rugrats was ugly as shit. Why would u wanna have a doll that look like a bust down & a crack head?
Is sleeping considered going analog?
damn, you a lucky ass bitch
Off to lunch now, yes!~~There is no cure for birth and death, save to enjoy the interval.~~~George Santayana
Milwaukee so damn GRIM
I just finished listening to 'Bossypants' by Tina Fey. She is my hero.
congrats on the 1 year celebration
Merry Christmas everyone!!! Hope your enjoying the holidays :)
i also like to load up on tincture containing Yin Chiao, Goldenseal and Echinacea
and we're back. the grad student in me says thanks for the lunch... but now we have Dean Ernest Wilson on equality in ntwrks
what if the one that got away come back...
When no one shows up to the open gym but u and the coach
is opening workplace flexibility session at #VASHRM12. Will be interesting to hear about this new workplace imperative.
What a joke. Show is rigged! “: Get out of here. Two nines? HE JUMPED OVER TWO STANDING PEOPLE. #DWTS”
70 - 96: I'm done. Where's the remote.
both ugly words
oh heeyyy there CJ! Welcome to our account :D
im actually excited for school today :}
Man i wish she knew
ppl tryna tip me but I don't think I can accept them. :/ im just turning them down.
who stole my spine? who did this?
been there, done that. Have her go thru the McD's.
looking all suave and sophisticated!~
I am me. psshhh who else could I possibly be ? :)
Check out my site @ www.wix.com/camaydavis/MayDay-Inc
At #ate2012? Stop by for a button - "KARMA ROCKS", "MISSION POSSIBLE" and other motivating messages are available!
#aigadc's newest Board of Directors member. WOOP!
Every time I send myself an email, I forget and ten seconds later get excited there's something new in my inbox.
Just sent an email with a description of the events as they've unfolded since 20 Oct. Any help would be great! Thank you!
Watching Lucas oil off road series
proud of you, you look great!!!
Oh, I'm watching. I don't know if will start shaking and tossing his glasses for effect
Being lazy tonight.
Some of these laws were introduced by women. I doubt many of them stray far politically from their husbands.
Love it.
Valentine's day is just around the corner! Share with us your plans!
Can't wait for tommorrow!! <33 gonna be awesome(:
I'm all pills and legs.
Narrowed search for letterpress operator/studio assistant down to 2. One disciplined + crafty the other a bit wild + arty. Tough choice.
you say you loyal but truth is you're all over the place! Get over yourself!
Dude! Last weeks episode was insane! I have to watch the last one now!
the legend is the only person seeing the muppets with Sarah
I am so excited to join the world of TWEETS any advice?
What is your workout of the day? Squats? Bench press? Curls?
I hope u got me some autographs? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><U+26BE>
#TheGrind don't let up, and neitha do I!!
Watching and tweeting to at the same time.
is a good daddy. <3
Tough times don't last- Tough people do***
Fight fans! Come meet stars tonight @ Potawatomi supporting their teammate RT
If you are in AA or NA or CA or??? do you avoid red wine at a Catholic communion?
Nope! Sounds fun, though.
The Civil Wars won a Grammy! Yay for them!
Will be there, if in town!
Online somewhere? RT : Good report this morning on Wentworth/EAJ.
unfortunately the meeting was postponed. but I will definitely keep you updated!
who is that?!?
I'll take the fall, I reckon...
first day of twitter,amazing!!!
So glad I get to hear from my baby this morning. Make my first day of work better. I love you baby girl.
Just, you know tweetin about the birthday
“Blacking out is so nice. I love "fill me in on all the stupid shit I did" storytime with my friends every morning”
Let the wild rumpus pause.
Allowing your kids to listen to Waka or Two Chainz or the like should be considered endangerment.
BEST. SCHOOL. GAME. EVER... ahaha .. FISHH!!! A FOR EFFORT!! 'Guys i need help' 'GUYS SHE NEEDS HELP!!!' we're too cute.. :)
will be boys. Mojave Desert without sunglasses?!? Now that is crazy. Good times.
I actually wanted to send something for mothers day but I forgot it :(
Hmm. If you can think of a way where you can still live there after the break up? By all means, give it a try.
Wrap with paprika roasted sweet potato, black forest bacon, cilantro pesto, avocado, shallots, peppers, and chipotle sauce. win
“The difficulty lies not so much in developing new ideas as in escaping from old ones.” - John Maynard Keynes
can't wait to jump this weekend. Get to do what I love in front of the people I love. That's what it's all about!
I was just introduced to EpicMealTime channel on YouTube by my highly cultured husband. I shall never eat again.
i want to sleep in tomorrow but I can't, stupid work meeting
Today is my dad's birthday. Which makes me remember that it will be MY birthday in 3 days and that will be GRADUATION DAY in 25 days.
Subscribing to that hashtag and all mentions, hoping it'll be a thing.
ADV ENG I: I'll be back tomorrow! I sent an email to you all regarding the reading schedule! Sorry for any confusion!
you got a point there. After all, they're the guys with all the ladders. Maybe we could shoot the cat down.
#GetAustinToTheTop10 RT if you LOVE Austins lips(: (EVEN THOUGHT HE DOESN'T)
The worst disease in the world is hate. And the cure for hate is love.
My girl aint got no stomoch
I wanna see! Lol
Look twitter! I use you! Use you!
YES HUH
Tonight, I'm going to blaze up while listening to Style P's "Good Times" and then watch a marathon of HBO's Weeds while doing garden work.
As long as he doesn't feed it after midnight, he should be OK.
LOL yes and i watched the harry video omg
I love sleeves!!!! Let's chat in the New Year! I have a warehouse full of fun!
Danny: "Why does Ben have a cabana here?" Ike: "He likes the sun."
it's insane how easy, and fun it is to build web apps in node with expressjs, coffee script, npm and redis...feel so much more lightweight,…
Hey guys, plz follow me. ! If u do i will tell selena gomez offical to RT u! WOW or what!?
do i need to know what the prez of dunkin donuts is doing at 2 am?
Good work by & - use #SWAAFF & Southwest will give $1 for you up to $100K to Armed Forces Foundation.
I keep writing for freedom. Thru don't like when I meet em.
Everything is perfect.
Check it out! All new! www.abrownbaggourmet.com
“: #Skeetones are killin it! #mpmf” LOVED your set!! Hope you enjoyed Cincy!
Done! And...can we be FB friends so I can add you to Lexy's Power Users group for hosts? Pretty please!
RT : Global Meetup Day is happening May 17! Find out what our SoundCloud Heroes are organizing in their cities...
T4 Simplify administrative processes. Too much time/mental energy spent helping patients navigate complicated system
Just had lunch with Mandy at Camino Real in Murfreesboro on Ride Out Ln. Fantastic food! Stuffed pabllano pepper and steak fajita!!
Gap is open again! #followme to help support
I think it's just some small animal rustling around in the back yard
#rudygay is killing it today. Go #grizzlies!
vodka? Good luck with your trip w/ kids!
Thanks! Would love to learn more about Waverly-ShellRock and , would be curious to hear what's going in EdTech in IA
I used to be a fornicator... BUT GOD!
How did your paper go?
ah very tiring. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> and yours?
Actually had to reschedule my trip because of the rain and my reliance on the CTA. Hoping to go sometime this week.
Amazing Jewish Culture Week @ SFSU. Concludes tonight with Jewish Trivia Shabbat. Thank you to our amazing staff who made it so memorable.
will make sense if you view previous replies to original tweet...or not, haha. Discussing new names for film formats
Watching #idol! I haven't really been watching this season; I like to watch when the top people are left (aka the really good ones lol)
Bed Bath & Beyond on a Friday night. just added a yogurt maker to the registry. Now it's a party!
No 4 on the #Top10favouritefilms related to #travel is Star Trek. How could we miss this series for all its got packed in it. A must watch.
Why does this US Coast Guard chopper insist on repeatedly circling my neighborhood and apt. building...and why so low?
I'm in for a #SOBCon poker excursion!
I feel really happy and fulfilled right now, even though I was busy all weekend and hardly slept due 2 heat. Life is life. And that's good.
off to work.
Thanks to the team, esp and for joining the #ChewOnThis convo
Oh. Okay. That's cool.
Be sure and follow to keep up with the app my team developed this weekend.
I want some cake tonite.lo
re: readhead...January is always the best time to try a new hair color!
Happy earth day!
Back from Minneapolis!
yes that face . theres definantly a reason behind it and im sure you know what it is
I LOVE being a part of an amazing, Jesus loving church, WestMemphis 1st Assembly!!! I always leave feeling better than the way I came! ;)
How are you two? Are you working today?
Perhaps the greatest gift of this artist was his modesty.
Listen 2 the LiAmi Lawrence Show Wednesdays 9-11pm(pst)on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM The cooliest Jewish Show-not for the depends or denture crowd
*Fire alarm goes off* Teacher: ok kids single file line Me: MOVE BITCH IM ABOUT TO DIE!!!
#FF (whose profile alone is a marvelous read). Greetings from Florida.
#20ThingsAboutMe #8: I'm in love
HI & great to know we are building at #mom2summit! Enjoy the weekend
my brother is in love with you can you please shout you him out
aight, when I get some material I'll hit you up
I am the master of my fate; I am the captain of my soul. ~William Ernest Henley, "Invictus"
2012 Keeps getting closer and closer.
Boy boy boy oh boy. I think the more aware of our sin we become the more we love Christ.
I had to change my underpants after last night's epic win. Not because I was excited. The diamond inlays were beginning to chafe my thighs.
thanks for spraying your gay ass colone in my house you french poon
Hydration Specialists are hydrating the South Bay today! Be on the lookout for ice cold Coconut Water!
you just need to keep predicting a loss, then they'll win
well I didn't perform...just drove through late last night, but hopefully will play sometime soon!
what a nice surprise! Thank you!
Smile. You're beautiful. Don't let anyone tell you any different.
Been veg since Feb; parents still in denial. Gave us Outback Steakhouse gift cards. Wish they would accept instead of trying to change us.
Again, can't sleep!!!
SUP UR CUTE
radio for the rest of the day on
nice touch with the "Snow E. Mann" Happy Holidays greeting
SO like.. they are gonna give me an all expense paid trip to New York to present!! even though i live in N.Y they`ll pay for my hotel
RT thank youu, (: Happy Birthday :P
haha kiss the summer hello. but honestly I don't even care for anyone else playing just go for him and leave!!
and David Segui. He can glove it
Wicked. What a fantastic show!
monday ill official live in cali =)
The Durant strike hurts but I feel better about the Mavs at 0-3 than I did at 0-2. They looked so much better tonight.
As a child/baby, I assume?
Maybe time to just admit I'm a flake. Sigh.
As a reminder, is offering free HIV tests thru 12/8 at 19 centers. 800-230-PLAN to find center nearest you.
Need a civic focus? Volunteer votehenrybrim.com.
I did now fallow me yo
Hey!! I'm liking Austin more & more each day. Still finding my niche though...
I love procrastinating
Sbux gift cards top reward for watch and reward on
Interesting post from friend in India: "There are only two type of people on this planet - 1) who have an iPhone, and 2) who want an iPhone"
Busy busy week! I really need some rest, my day starts in 6 hours. Work hard & love what u do. Even if Your tired! It all pays off!!
My 1000th tweet...What happens to a dream deferred?
- you are never over #MostVotedPlaylists ft -Lolipop
let's go
I believe that if you're healthy, you're capable of doing everything
Evangelist... guru... consultant... specialist. Is there anyway to describe a social media career without sounding like a total hack?
twitter must really b havn issues w/ hackers.every day I get different email from random ppl, that ppl b taking trash bout me -don't click!
u da talk of da town who is dat
A good prompt is worth 1000 words.
hai, i miss you too. Check your texts.
Makesure to LIKE our FB PAGE! www.Facebook.com/MindMystifyingDesigns We are giving away a free photoshoot when we reach 500 fans!! (PLS RT)
Hands on the wheel >>
Still strumming the strings! Et vous? Need NM fix badly! Taking good care of it for me?
#GWU happy #MeatlessTuesday! Come in and get your frequency card stamped in either #GWJstreet or Pelham Commons
Phenomenal...thank u for energizing our Vikes! We believe in u! SKOL!
We shred around the clock Monday thru Saturday; Closed on Sunday.
If u can breathe the way they taught in birthing class, u get mom of yr award. I couldn't do it then, much less in delivery rm.
Am I A Psycho ??? Seriously...I've got a Final in the morning!
RT : Trey follow her plsss! She won't bite unless u ask her too! Then ur in trouble! Lmao!!
and the open twitter for the first time in a week experiment has come to a close, thanks for playing
good to know.
ALL Foundations have a responsibility to look for people who can make a difference. They did not apply? FIND INVITE & FUND.
her phone is right here. So first off you're a liar and second you're still a skeez I'm putting a stop to it tomorrow
MacWorksLLC office still off the grid. We are however providing full support. Yesterday we restored an OS X Server on it's last breath.
During the past two years, the US military has lost more men and women to suicide than it has to combat in Iraq and Afghanistan.
I TEXT YOU! haha.
awww too bad !
Damn! I love my twitter friends. They are great!
i'm downstairs with your dog!
im not doing anything iether. What time is it where u live?
Watching Katt Williams.
At Tampa General Hospital for Childbirth class with , very interesting information.
only thing worse than an ugly girl is a girl who's almost cute
Mark - glad you see the potential we do. Let us know if you want a live demo. Would love your feedback.
Our acting group continues to inspire me with their dedication to working at our craft. Great commercial auditions last night!
EVERYBODY follow the GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH!!! #teamfollowback GO GO GO!!!
Word Of Life Regional Church - Guelph, ON - Canada tomorrow morning! Night y'all!!
Awesome avi BTW. Darryl Dixon is the man.
Just brought back all today's varieties to be enjoyed by all of us at - Tasty business
Heading out to Italy for your study abroad program? Then you’ll experience being part of the world’s biggest pasta consumer with Italy...
Follow us on Twitter and choose to receive updates from us on your device (cell phone) for instant updates, changes and more!
Love your blog
RIP Maurice Sendak
I don't how I'm supposed to feel seeing everyone talk about how lucky they are to have their moms when I don't have mine.
I love Blake! :)
What I wish Obama would say in tomorrow night's speech: "Listen people, stop being assholes. All of you. Just stop. Right now."
Big Time Rush played at State Fair last year.. Where you been? They're a Nickelodeon show/group.
#DearDaughter ~ Some..Want An Experience. Some..Want A Servant. Some..Want A Queen. His Investment..Reveals. -
sorry that was literally 12 dms back but yeah
I wanted to get the pink and blue one.it reminds me of the Miami colors
“Lack of loyalty is one of the major causes of failure in every walk of life” Napoleon Hill
cute clip...something we all hope for... that dharma pays off or at least keeps us out of debt! Thanks for sharing.
Hahaha (: So, what're you up to?
Headed to tonight? Look for me I'll be insides P-Thugg's beard.
I hollered at that whole 'New Rules' segment. Too funny.
SAGAFTRA. Great idea, terrible name. What do you think the new union be called?
Congratulations how does it feel to be an all-American? - I have to pee
#starhawks a base building shooter? I must have!
Let's go Bron-Bron, stick it to those haters tonight. Enjoy those draft picks Cavs.
“: Redheads will be your backbone, if you're really close to them. #thehairoscope”
My mom sings that to me every time one of my shows opens. Ok...opened. I love
"If you don't know who you are by the time you become famous, that fame will define you." --Oprah via Ricky Gervais
lucky you
<3 I'd trade my soul for a wish*Pennies and dimes for a kiss*I wasn't looking for this*But now you're in my way <3
Just suffocating in pollen over here. That's about it. lol
Can't wait to see a fifth at her as soon as I do
good shit today...Next time imma be ready.that was my warm up haha
That could have used some tweaking.
You're welcome (for the #FF).
why are asian women obsessed with hair buns and sexual innuendos?
you're welcome :) xx
I know and I'm semi ungrounded o.O
To college students: do you want the extra cash that can help pay for next year’s spring break? See how our SaveUSA program can help you:...
Were?? As in Past tense??“: omg you were so cute!!!”
follow back!?(:
Tracking Dugout today.
In Boise Idaho now and headed tonight to Hells Canyon for a weekend of Friends, Family and Fun. I love reunions. Woohoo!
Spring Antiques Show Blossoms In New Hampshire
#SometimesYouHaveTo grow a pair and get over it and realize that life isn't easy so grow the eff up please
Looking for an inexpensive way to #BNoticed this Holiday Season? Imprinted continuous ribbon is popular
Good to know. Thanks for the info.
$3.50 24oz Iced Teas! Brew up whatever you want!
HEY could I get a follow from you guys?(: It would be amaazzinnnggggg!!!! I've had such a bad day
I'm taking English, Spanish, French and Italian. I think next year Chinesse -.- FML too many languages!!!
Sorry wish i knew. just know the first 4 weeks. no teams
okay sure :)
Wishing you great food, even better wine and a very Happy Holidays!
Immediate challenge: explain nuclear fission in 250 words or less.
Sorry for the lack of posting! Hi Twitter and the #ROC ! How is your day going?
I have so much yet require so much more.
that's insane
imagine what burgers at work would do for you?! :)
When you showed love and respect to Carol Channing.
Never ina million years would i find myself applying for a JC
Brought up to respect the conventions, love had to end in marriage
RT if you're coming to see perform with your Cincinnati Pops this weekend!
Got 2 fantasy drafts today.it all kicks off at dave & busters.
Get on AIM and talk to me! or else... afteritendszach
Lol, I haven't seen any of them and thought it was blasphemy RT : husband has never seen The Godfather Part II
Having coffee and watching 'This Week' on ABC
ever considered that social networking is the advancement and evolution of social skills? Very important in this day & age
Just landed in NYC. Thrilled the weather is good!
Abundance is, in large part, an attitude. ~Sue Patton Thoele
Love Crunch added another member to it's retail family. Off the Tracks, in the loop, down town Chicago!
#WhenAustin tells us how much he loves his Mahomies. <3 RT if you'll always support him!
Thank you for your feedback, Chad. We'd love to hear more about your experience. We always want to find way to improve.
Finally made it! :) RT : Packing for in Miami. Excited to present with + !
Hanging with Kim and marley! Wooohooo Brady street was good to me tonight:D
RT this if you have tried the "Snooki" lotion!
Peace love and
Raza lets not wave Mexican flags or put our hands on our hearts during Mex anthem but after the US anthem scream que viva Villa!
Dear Michigan, warm the eff up, I wanna play outside. Love & Stuff xoxo
I think everyone is beautiful
llmfaoooo oh hell
With hearing from Hayes about admin's plan to permit 10,000 MW of #renewable energy on public land this year.
Bryce Harper is the best prospect in .... Well forever.
“: If I wasn't married then I'd probably be buried beneath books and magazines on A&E's "Hoarders."” word.
He is. I was just fantasizing.
that's pretty funny
Yay! That's great news. A lost pet is scary -- and crazy-making -- indeed.
RT : YES We Do! #ncph2012 public historians rock
Finding a necklace you thought you lost a year ago.
Prints limited to 100 hand numbered pieces. Players / Former Players / Parents reserve the print that corresponds to your player #!!!
Fiend is recording scratch bass tracks for Forbidden planet!
haha no it doesn't. You're just jealous.
Speak2Tweet service connects Egyptians with rest of world
1 month with my license and i already got a citation for speeding, diablo meng
a great alternative to Picnik is
Yes! RT : Life is too short to wake up with regrets.. So love the people who treat you right.. stop stressing the ones who don't.
Just the fats, ma'am.
thanks for the follow Edwin!
“Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops.” Thomas J. Watson
This semester needs to end <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
I need a secretary
have fun!
Pass the word! Get me to 100 page likes! #100 and whomever referred them will get a free portrait session!
": Hoes cuffed, real ladies single, the good die young, the ungrateful ones have everything.. Smh the type of world we live in”<3"
See a #Broadway show. Gotta catch Alan Rickman before he leaves. Going to see SEMINAR today.
: Let's plan a brunch and wear our boaties! :)
Last Friday of the school year <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
i knew i couldnt escape basketball i love it too much
Presenting my first story tonight !
Bitch I'm a star
Max is classic! Those shows nail it and should be more widely viewed. This Glass-Steagall as talisman is wearisome; misses the pt
From the API team, many thanks to and for a great dinner and evening!
At the dentist: Woman: (to husband) How many cavities does JJ have? Man: Two or three. You want me to go to Chuck-E-Cheese and get food?
I want to eat both
M fresh air
Too many people, too much sun and way too much fun
S/O to all my new followers! Special S/O to all my old followers! Thank you, I appreciate every last one of you. RT Back to
Craig Carnelian: a key to success in musical theater is not having a fallback career.
The NBA CATS still all consider themselves #BBNFam and I think that says a lot!
That shit hurt for like a week too. That couch can burn in hell where it was made.
No lie.. Have an hour? I watch #scandal :)
Driving to buffalo to see the bills (cheap preseason tix) 4 out of 31 stadiums done
has So many ladies.
You called?
Don't worry about me bro. I will be there!
Yeah, next wks photoshoot is at Pier 39. I love pier 39, San Francisco
Contact Me Through Direct Message For Discounts at MusicalStop.com !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When nothings right, go left.
if I told you, I'd have to kill you.
Bluntin it up..rollin through the islands on way to the keys. And it is so fucking awesome
RT : There’s always enough time for the things that truly matter. If the time isn’t there, the thing doesn’t matter
my last day is june 5th and i have school today :(
Its saturday and its NOTHING TO DO!
Facebook app won't work on my phone. Blerg!
Where's Ricky Fowler's orange today? It's even Thursday!
Hey - please come back to Austin sometime soon. Couldn't go to your Stubbs show this summer and still super sad about it.
yeah I was there a couple hours before you but it was still a good time
Why drink and drive ? When u can smile and fly
see you at 6...early morning wake up call
Hey INTERVIEW PLEAZZZZ
Its going to be a Bon Jovi Friday on !!
petstore goldfish or goldfish you won at some random fair? it makes a difference ya know...
Wondering what's the best bus to take to Zaanse Schans 2morrow. Looks like the best option we have to see windmills in 3 days.
play the this year in Houston. The play the a few times in Houston this year. I'm pleased with this
hi Bonnie, yes it's Michigan. I double checked the report to be sure:)
STEPPIN ON THE BEACH DO-TO-DO-TO-DO!
Texans don't let you kids go to college with guns.
going after Gibbs but not Gillespie gives me same sick feeling I had c-ing CTodd sitting w Cantor dinner
Authors, publishers have authors who buy 40,000 copies of their own books at a cost of $1,500,000 to promote them. Whats your budget?
okay and thats pretty, how you gonna do ur hair??
Dusty Baker continues to kill this team. Batting Phillips cleanup not only hurts Phillips, but Votto is getting nothing to hit.
Question from audience: What about the federal reserve? Norquist: Ron Paul has done a great job of leading effort to audit the fed
;-) TY It's not easy, that's why I'm here in #blogchat ... to figure out how to make enough to feed them all
In America Anyone Can Be President That's One of the Risks You Take.
You could do ATX to DET on Southwest and take the Via rail from Windsor -> Montreal. That's a lot of time on the train tho.
129 miles to go(:
Defending my thesis today! Super nervous!!!
we will definitely have a very futuristic and enjoyable Dunkin date!
overlooked authors at NPL: Mary B Morrison she provides very interesting plot lines and mind blowing themes check her out !
": Rejection doesn’t hurt, expectation does, lying doesn’t kill, denial does and forget doesn’t heal, forgiving does"
Looking forward to presenting with tomorrow in Bunker Cardiff <U+263A>
blocked you?
I hope ;D
Check out the many ways to say "cool" in #Spanish, by country... in a calligram map!
- I'd love you to meet her, Lita! We'll be out tomorrow in am for church, not sure about after. But call when you can!
It isn't necessary for teachers to be knowledgeable in children's pop culture, but it sure does help you understand their questions
omfg :( not my babies
Why do I find whistling absolutely despicable?
anyone wanna talk? <3
I Cried When I snapped back into reality and realized what I had done.
Thanks to all my lovely sorors and friends...it was a beautiful event!
Good wine is a necessity of life for me. Thomas Jefferson
Think I'm gonna have another drink tonight...definitely will put me to bed
Be urself & think for urself; and while your conclusions may not be infallible, they will be nearer right than the conclusions forced upon u
Great to meet you today at the #LatinoLeadersLuncheon!
: letting people know "island view" means many things including parking lot & freeway can help when deciding 2 book.
Noticed that too! Read an article today in Canada's Globe & Mail about Canada's high roaming rates in contrast to Europe
Idk depending on what else he got to work on
Can PLCs Improve Your Golf Game? : Totally Integrated Automation – Resources for the Automation and Engineering Professional...
Sorry, #smbfw peeps! Duty calls and I can't be there with you'ns guys. :'(
They leave the results in the hands of Allah
11:11 gave up on that...
Who wants to talk? XD
: because I said I was in pain
check out the film Examined Life--I think it's available on instant view on Netflix
For a special celebration on Saturday. Need an egg peeling gadget-invention!
Happy hump day! Bring some friends, share some food, and plan for more over the weekend!
Ive got about 8 from Austin , but we used to talk al the time.
If anything, at Torres' appeal they should just tack on more games for the crap his team pulled tonight.
All pussy has a time limit. Bout three to six months....if u luccy!
great and you?
Aww! That sounds super duper yummy right now... Urayamashii na~
2.7 MILLION entered in Verify The Recall's database 2 validate signatures not fraudulent. #WIUNION to lose election even if they get recall
I can't wait when is it coming out? And please follow me!:)
Happy Birthday I Love You<3(:
Hey , did any of those UWM students happen to ask about your train wreck of a record running the City of Milwaukee?
We'd love to join you! What are you jamming to?
will pass that along, did you get an iced tea?
Hope you feel better. Not many librarians here today.
She Has A boy Friend ! oo:
Sad you missed it, too -- no worries, thought .. I think I can let it slide :)
me neither! i'm so excited:DD
As gloomy as this weather is I don't feel like dressing up at all.
And its Electric Slide Friday!!!! #GOBROWNS !!!!
hi back! yes, mos def..sorry, couldn't resist. :)
LOUD NOISES!!
1945: As the Nazi threat dies, the Red Army rises (World War II)
Word-Nerd Trivia: A MALACOLOGIST studies mollusks.
I never read beyond The Sword in the Stone (which I loved)--should I put the rest on my list? A few weeks of relative freedom.
I have enjoyed Spreadshirt
Magic play today, Preds play tonight. How many wins do you think Orlando comes away with this Cinco de Mayo?
LMAO Dom was the first one to book it running! But it was fun running for us haha Even though my jeans were killing me
Beautiful day = yard work
you always wanna be an asshole to me but then when you want something you're nice...NOT HAPPENING :) sucks doesnt it.
I love my mama.
That is the hugest way of knowing if your stuff is any good, if it excitesyou when you re-read it! If it doesn't,
hahaha do u think she noticed?
Checkout the new hotspot IVY @ our Day Party, Saturday, 8/13. U dont want 2 miss it. We have exciting giveaways, awesome drinks &great music
The three P's of social media: people, process, perseverance.
If, after the first twenty minutes, you don't know who the sucker at the table is, it's you. ~David Levien and Brian Koppelman, Rounders
Well......all the drunks have retreated to their own rooms and they aren't throwing anyone in jail...... tomorrow should be interesting.
Who first added what became the standard intro for All the Things You Are? Was it Bird?
Never slap a man who's chewing tobacco. ~ Will Rogers
Bummed that I missed #IACP2012 in NYC. But looking forward to next year in San Francisco, where there will be a huge #vegan contingency.
I lost my faith in you a long time ago
your son and all the other Boyz are such an insperation to me! They're very talented dancers ! I hope to meet them one dayy.(:
RT : Our Prevention Awareness Day rally starts at 11:00am today at the State Capitol Steps in Lansing.
Partly cloudy and cold tonight. Find out who has a chance to see snow on Sunday... coming up on 10TV News at 6!
I am afraid to lose you. I know what love is, it is because of you.
I'm in! Can't wait to see ya'll.
“: We really only have 8 days left of school”
hello bates!
Now they cite Kennedy as a champion tax cutter. I think the top rate went from 90 to 70% when he was in office.
Lazy Sunday.
Aaaaahhhh feet are so DISGUSTING
just watched last nights SNL, and Lady GaGa worked it out! AH-MAZ-ING!
.: Use of household leverage a contributing factor to rising inequality
Cracks in the concrete are just reminders that you can fall apart no matter how sting you are.
It's the SHAFTA win, that's why!
Getting setup for the SOLD OUT Atlanta Chef's Expo starting at 1:30! If you're there be sure to say hi to our cameras!
Animated short category didn't do much for me this year. But looks like I picked the winner!
We are young by fun, so good.
Jeez it was kinda nice when I went to class! Now it's cold!
frosted flakes are my new favorite snack
At flipburger. So looking forward. Waitress asked if our whole party was here twice, a bit too aggressively. One in the party now ticked.
Out bowling with . First time since high school
Hit the ball very solid today but lets just say my touch was off. Just reactivated ny #USGA #GHIN No. (luv my no 0111010)
i need suggestions of my first tat...idk wat to get
I was hoping the O's could have split the series but oh well still tied for 1st
NYR I do believe just stole this series!!
Ben Franklin~ The Constitution only gives people the right to pursue happiness. You have to catch it yourself.
A man who enjoys responsibility usually gets it. A man who merely likes exercising authority usually loses it.
You are what you tweet.
Out side with my cousin ^_<3
I can't believe got more at than me.
Let's go Brad! I don't want to see Correia in the rotation NoMo
Have a favorite Silent Film actor or actress u like?
I don't know
I will not be denied!
I saw him in my local diner last weekend. Total wobbly-town.
years ago yeah. xD
omg me 2 finishing up trick or treat candy help!
clearly that is false
Holy smokes, enjoy. I fell in love with this band two years ago. Can share some YouTube videos I took @ a show.
well I'm going to both dates the 5th and 6th NYC and Poughkeepsie. but if you don't want to go to the NYC date I just go
I will be contributing to the Martin family defense fund for Martin v. City of Sandford. Can't wait.
“: Damn, you change your relationship status, and boom, all of facebook suddenly has an interest in your life.” So True!! Lol!
yes.<3 ugh. can we just go back to april 26, 2011? please. vgfhjfdskxz.
we've been fooled into thinkin we need others to be happy .
You weren't perfect but you made mine perfect.
#aDudeShouldntTellAnotherDude bro you look really cute tonight
play some FEZ!
Calista needs to get her roots done...
Beam for me tonight gentlemen. Difference between home & KS awareness that good whiskey doesn't hide in purple bag
Started listening to Xmas music while I say in traffic this morning. I figured it was allowed since its November...#toosoon?
Do us a favor and give our brand new summer intern a follow...she's pretty awesome!
Congratulations! Well deserved. MT Coming home with TWO fairly heavy Best of the Web awards! Thanks again!
Oh SNAP
still working. going on 14 hrs...
I think I knew your dad!
but i love you.
Can someone point out to that Tijuana & Ciudad Juarez are 600 miles/995 km apart?
Great day of meetings on #capitolhill #lobbying for bipartisan efforts to promote #energyefficiency in homes & buildings.
": dykes are the best IDST" yes probably easier to understand to and probably give better oral than men too
value is an understatement. I see data in a whole new way now. Looking forward to seeing you again - where are you speaking next?
Just sat in my room for 3 hours thinking .. Finally calmed down , now we wait
Lawmakers say just three bills left until everything goes to Governor Dayton.. The end of #MNshutdown is in sight!
Good night everyone take care & god bless, Dream BIG. Don't let no one say u can't make your dreams come true.
Holidays are approaching- Why not a chess set for your favorite lawyer?
This sounds awesome! Have fun writing it.
your tweets crack me up Hahaha
Playing guitar and keys tomorrow with Emelo at VZDs- 10pm folks.
damn, i forgot to do my homework
the future Jeremy Lin!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
good afternoon
Hi, thank you for the RTs!
I know right ...
i hate being woken up cause a dog fight broke out in my bed<U+E421><U+E416>
Lee: You are all experts. I encourage you to insist upon building stronger, equitable communities.
A penny with 2 nickels makes way more noise than a full piggy bank!
Lederach stressing the importance of imagination in social change.
On behalf of the entire Focus Magazine staff, we want to wish everyone a #happymothersday!
Another Sunday at work. It wouldn't bother me as much if I didn't feel so much like I'm being forced by someone else's greed.
Time to debug
Riding in Vans with Boys Pt. 2...GO!!!
“: Dear Girls: Stealing a guy's hat off his head is the equivalent of us pulling up your skirt.” Amen!
We've got free tickets to the first 5 ppl who come in and show us this tweet!!
Fat bitches need love to
Turned the air off in my hotel room and opened the windows and door...
forgot my pocket cheese. blood sugar crashing. will i fall asleep or go aggro?
yeah, please do. or on here, so other people know about them too.
Jersey for brunch <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
i cannot wait !!! ah, it's gonna be so exciting !
They must be sustained for a minimum of 20 min for the body to receive any benefit from the exercise.
NE Wash DC raining tie down outsde stuff MLK events cancelled No drumming today. Bummer... Big blow on way ... More later
Listening to "You're the Best" theme song from Karate Kid right now with & -- wish you were all here.
I know what you mean! Which one do you need?
back at you woman!!! Luv you
Sometimes love wants to do us a great favor: turn us upside down and shake all the nonsense out ~ Hafiz
Hanging another exhibit today-Artists In Praise-using our artistic talents to offer praise to our Lord & Savior.
Welcome! But you should really thank !
brought some food home & my 8 yr old son eats his dish and says "dad, tell them to back off the garlic!" watch out a new critic!
It was worth staying up a bit later last night just so I could see the #Devils beat the #Flyers in OT!!
Here's a clever idea, put it all on display. When someone ask, say they're all pieces of art or that they are collectors items!
At Detroit Country Day HS for a screening of Miss Representation with Jackson Katz and Rochelle Riley. So excited!
Who's drinking with me tonight?
oops. Well its dark and I'm on my phone lol you knew what I meant.
Coming Donnie? We're having a convo at #tweetea, feel free to jump in :) RT : Who's going to Social Good Detroit?
Tnanks for spreading the word about our 2010 season! Happy holidays!
whats up with egypt?
I wish I would've stayed my ass in south Carolina
The lion does not concern himself with the opinions of the sheep.
Funny that you brought up the lingonberry sauce. I thought it was cranberry. A woman corrected me :-)
Bummer!! Working both days!!! Don't have too much fun without me!
love you<3
Boo! If you have an issue with them tweet to They are very helpful. And welcome to #francamp!
#ABestFriend Is Someone Who Will Always Be There For You<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> And I Have My BestFriend/Cousin<U+2764> ILoveYouAlicia<U+2764>
Can't wait to share! I feel like I'm keeping a really good secret from everyone.
Ok seriously one of the funnest NYC nights of the year! You guys are awesome.
Or ask for podcast gossip... RT Now in hour 13 of workday - send love, jokes, questions, cherished memories (of me, DUH)...
Im hearing noises D: my room has ghosts
An explosive Tweet: “: I gotta dig bick. You that read wrong. That awkward moment when you read that wrong also. #mindblowing”
Vote 4 u a million!! Go Donald & PETA!!
It worked pretty well except I know a few little droplets got on there when I took it off my head
well this is not one of my favorite days..
is at work!
I'm so proud of my niece Graduation Day Today class of 2012 Toledo University<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093>
I need to have sex lmao I'm in a dry spell... 2 weeks...
And what about you - what is your favorite song
Mat Gamel is really playing well tonight!
cause you're my bro...enjoy
I'm in a van en route to Houston, so that was definitely a doppelgänger. I'm heartily waving back in my mind though. Hi!
devastated. Hope you're all ok and back on your feet ( wheels?) soon!
I cooked a Chicken Noodle Casserole today. I'm getting good in the kitchen.
I want to be on the beach everyday this summer
Happy Mothers day.
Sometimes I wonder y... Then all I have is my music... thank god 4 rock music!?
IT'S BEEN A YEAR.
idk why even bothers... NOT 1 of ya'll are HEAT fans... smh
Gilbride, Jacobs does not get short yardage 4th downs!
u butt daddio
Just purchased the downloadable audio for our library collection. Who reads?
I just don't even have words to describe my happiness.
I wanna sleep .
same thing i was sayin
Hahahahaha! Oh gosh, finally SOMEONE who understands there was enough room for Jack on there!!
Yes, we have also seen reduced costs. Mostly in hw.
Long slow boring day, ready to go home & put a new computer together. What a fun Friday night!!
haha girl u wish u did :)..nd lol i want a rematch
Yeah, those images look like standard digital B&W images. Kind of boring.
Change in plans . . . Going to Fun Spot instead of Magical Midway. Oh well.
Do you know if you go to our web site and type Instinct11 in the Promo code box, you can get your card for only $19.95 and start saving?
I'd buy SLA merch and songs for me and my friends.(; oh, and fly out to see you guys, since you almost never come to az!(:
Everyone follow us!!! And like our Facebook page :D
If you don't put down the paper and the beer, I will be forced to get dressed and drive all the way to Madison just to babysit
346: I'm Friday night tired, and it's only Monday. I'm in big trouble. But thankful, at least, that I'll fall asleep fast ...
Oh what a beautiful morning:)! Have a wonderful day friends
Bring Your Baby to Work Day?
you text me! New phone (: same number tho
Fists will fly at this location
So unnecessary to be talking so loud about your fraternity
Wow! That's a super fan! Well, they are good.
oh god heav
Sample Whiskey’s at Scotland Yard Pub on Tuesday, March 27th from 5p-8p
i wish i culd stay #Yung4evr..keep me from all the headaches Nd pain of life. Evrythin was care-free wen i was a kid, now evrythin' got hard
seeing my dreams turn into reality is the most beautiful feeling, happiest girl on the planet right now
You got it Meaghen, hope all's well in Norman! I'm broadcasting the OU v A&M gm on April 7th.. can't wait!
“: Sneaking your seatbelt on s l o w l y when you see police.”
Cool! Despite popular reservations, I'm really excited about possibilities w/ Cloud computing.You should blog about this!
At the Madison Kid's Expo with Carsten and Lindsay. Very surprised, but he's loving the fire trucks.
Enjoy The Summer :p !!!!
Getting a pedi with <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A3>
Today is a good day. Hot tea and chocolate chip cookies are the way to go.
Thanks to our latest backers: Evan Kerrigan, Whitney Hess, Whitney Hess, Ethan Resnick, Kendra Shimmell, and johanna kollmann!
That was a good movie
Nice Boys don't play Rock N Roll.
Thanks brother.
Love has no boundaries and people always sacrfice for the one that holds their heart....
ITLM is off to a great start and The Martinez is such a lovely hotel - They are really giving us the five star treatment!
Weekend needs to get here already
so glad to hear that! Have a great time!! :)
you'd be the best looking kardashian the world has ever seen!
aw you had me fooled. I was picturing peruvian baby girls! :)
beautiful sister. How are you? Did you see I launched my website?
I'll follow you anywhere
Startup Hiring: 3 Ways to Look Beyond the Resume
The world is not a stage so forget fame and search for originality. Solid reminder from
good luck on the music video. You go Glenn Coco. Lubba jew.
ty for the mention... :)
": S/O to for noticing the talent in some small town country niggas mayne! #SALUTES" :) u know it!!!!
I think men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage. They've experienced pain and bought jewelry. ~ Rita Rudner
So what does everyone think about Joran Van Der Sloot's 28 year sentence?
i am no longer talking to you
It's actually caused by Alfred playing a prank involving the Bat Binoculars. You'd think Bruce would learn.
Stop by our shop on for an after lunch treat! Magnolia Bay Toffee is sweet, crunchy, and oh-so-delicious!!
Why are there 10 helicopters over Hollywood?!!!
We're here but I can't answer for so I'll give them a nudge. Their program proposal process is separate from ALA's.
The powers of Netflix at work.
Ninjas round here aint scared to let it "Go"..!!
it's worse when you have to go ALL the time! Or wake up 5 times at night.
Respect is in the heart, so that's where I'm going to start.
Thirsty thursday! Hungry everyday!
I fall hard, but I'm strong headed so I be over it quick!!!
the best part, is there isn't any lunch on the plate. Only snacks.
Of course!!!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 305
finished game at []_[] with brilliance. Struggled in bowl game. Seemed winded. Would like him in 2nd.
that photo is also on my FB profile!
Sounds good, lock it in with Pen. I will move my meetings around on Monday to make that work. See you then. Hope ur Pops is well.
Whhhaaaaat?!!!! I am JUST NOW seeing this hair. You are my hero. i salute you.
Geron Completes Enrollment in Phase 2 Clinical Trial of Imetelstat in Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer
LOL guys they sang WMYB on SNL and they remixed it and said something about being gay.
How does a FREE trip for 2 to Glen Helen for X-Fighters Intl Freestyle #Motorcross sound? FOLLOW US to enter!
I think your Mario jump celebration isn't getting enough attention
would rather be gardening, but work calls.
The volunteer meeting is scheduled for tonight @ 6 pm at the Tubman Chavez Multicultural center at the corner of Euclid and Market
That's Heaton... I'm not very good at this tweeting. I admit it.
"There's 7 of us and 8 of them. It's not gonna work out." Yeah and there's one of me and I dont mind going out with all of you (; <33
Can't stop listening to
I will not vote for Romney. Romney<----middle to left!
thanks! we're happy to be working closely with and on our mobile initiatives
Mark Greene: strategic reduction in collections, prospective and retrospective (yes, deaccessioning), based on new collecting policy
I think it's time for me to take an East Coast club tour. NYC Nightlife is dragging a bit lately.
Word of mouth is NOT JUST social media.
shut up mr.87%
Yes you did and it is fantastic!!!
I open my arms and wish you were here.
I'm looking for an #intern who can organize my wife's shopping lists by isles & shelves in which I can find each product.
Change your password
we need all the help we can get.
CARTER 4 IM GOOD I GOT YA BABY MONEY
So excited about cycling 4 the Big Cats. Cycling Tampa to DC...to help pass a bill.
#NP skinny love by birdy Love this song
thanks for the cd!
Im your 5000th follower...congrats guys
I hate when he acts retarded
wish you were around for another day 4 pep talk
Sounds like a great way to start a Sunday!
we'll cheers to that! Have fun!
Prince is a Tiger?! We need to come out of retirement!
i feel like this year is going to be a good year <3
Can't believe how awful that Physics exam went..
I've been good! been busy with school and work. and yes i know! been a long long time! how have you been?! :)
As the Queen.. Would say it! " Thank Crunchie it's friday'..
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for kindness. ~
RT : Good morning everyone happy Easter and God bless
I thought it was only me lolRT When I hit another car my first thought is to drive away lol
Watching the #cnndebate. We need less government in this country. What specific programs would each candidate propose to cut first?
I shall listen to imagine dragons till I fall asleep :]
yo u still here ????
Reflecting about things experienced and accomplished this year. I think I'll dub it "2011: There and Back Again (Who's Insane Now? Oh, me.)"
I gotta think of a title!!! Huuuummmmm what. Shall it be?
Thats whats up RT May 17 & May 19 I will be hitting the runway thankful :)
It's a good change. DIVE was one of the harder band names to google.
The upside is, maybe, I don't have to pay for it.
That's a goal that's going to get ripped off! BS
you know you aint bout it .
Condom Slogans No. 9: If you're nude, tube your dude.
Me too! Joking aside, I always wanted to be an architect so I just build stuff. I don't really play the people part.
Yeah - on the second line.
Ima get that pussy.
So that's how it's gonna be now, huh? Every new electronic beat with any sort of bass is going to be "WHATEVERIFEELLIKEstep?"
LM councilman Dave Allan gets digs in about higher ups at San Miguel Fire District: "I look at is as a failure in leadership at SM"
I'm just ready to see you guys. I need four days of non stop laughs :) and eye rolls from you!
Can't wait to pimp out in the future episodes of Kartrashians!
Kings Island today :)
kids up at 2:30 am making transactions! Impressive
Work flow!!
Whoever convinced James Taylor that it was a good decision to do a Christmas album should be punched in the ear
They going crazy right now. Damn
Mmhm.. Hey Allan RT : hi favorite person in the whole wide world lol
Going to try leaving Ubuntu for the weekend and using the latest #ChromeOS on my
You know what, since last night Free picks weren't very profitable, we're going to give you all tonight's picks FREE as well!
Listening to music to incorporate into Fair Play movie
I'll be releasing the EP later than expected! I have the opportunity to make this sound ten times better so it'll be worth the wait. :)
No doubt. Hope you are doing well, Champ!
YES! I scream!!! I am coming back to your party of the country to find the love in it again. :)
What's your favorite animal?(:
I think I buy those at the Bruce co. here in Madison. :)
Thank you for the mention!! May you be blessed in abundance and love! Create a beautiful evening!
Get your butt back home!
First hammock nap of the season complete. Bring on the summer.
Thanks for following: , , and
you should! you awesome
I think there is a way you can transfer that over. But IDK. I have my passwords saved on FF. but not Chrome. lol.
Appreciate your prayers this morning for God-inspired words as we head to FBC Clarksville and the awesome women there!
However, when it's pouring and I'm wearing a dress running home barefoot trying to keep my hair straight for tomorrow...I'm not too pleased
i'm from new york but i'm here at australia..:))
That's what I try to do with our blog. MT : also ones that share health info in an accessible, easy way.
You never get a second chance at a first impression, but you can make better choices next time and that awkward moment will be forgotten. ;)
Thinking M. Ward at Auditorium Shores
I can't seem to find the stills, mind linking em to me :)? Sorry I'm replying so late, I had to take the dogs out and ended up
awh <3 i love youu ! Ill see you at stevens graduation (;
Twitters changing in june? Or is that just a lie & spam going around?!
Miffed at how many Chief Audit Directors still ignore cultural risk.
You can listen on demand bro! It's on M-F 10PM-1AM ET. Here's the link www.nickandartie.com. It's 95% sports too! GREAT SHIT!
"Scentless Apprentice"
cmon, lets be honest...this was expected
I use #hemp protein powder, I love it! It's called Nutriva.
LOLOLOL OMG TAKE THIS OFF HES NOT MY BOYFRIEND OH MY GOD I CANT BREATHE. LOLOLOL
That sounds promising.
#2012wish: To gain weight.
Every man dies - Not every man really lives.
what did you see??
So....are all these rumors true? Is the SOPA bill dead?... looks like it
R u interested in a Feature Film Project Starring and a Few Other Name Talent?
People Who Connect People:
going good! Looks like you are pretty busy too!
#LiesToldOnTwitter RT : <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> I would have brought u some! Lol
Forget those 5...68,000 strong will have your back this Sunday - Go Hawks! BTW, Daniels steaks are the s**t!
Can every one please pray for my best friend Destiny Taylor? #GetBetterDestiny <3
Oh yea...free trial... That sounds kinda creepy...
my question is:how come the woman that i want to get emotionally attached has no problem with "just sex"?lol.
one day i will travel to minnesota
ACTORS: Be sure to update your profiles :) We've seen a few outdated ones today. Looking out for you... yea you're welcome. :)
Basket bingo with my mom:)
LittlecBeadles: Im not a rapper dont u see I leave the singing up 2 the Biebs, changin the world would B quite a feat just say YES I CAN ...
lol kick the bucket? What is this language yu are speakin?
The Frantic at Beat Kitchen in Chicago tomorrow night with All Ages! Get your tickets before it sells out!
There are few things more fun than watching a president's joke get lost in translation.
WHITE HOUSE CALL-IN CAMPAIGN Flood White House Hot Line - Tell Obama to stop wasting federal resources on medical marijuana 202-456-1111
M about to sleep so good.
Taking out the archery skills again today for an audition.
I love summer. But man it makes it tough to work sometimes.
Again... If your absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present for my success
Game Tomorrow Against Hamilton!Psssh Nigga We Got This!!!
Prizes provided by Madcatz of course! Shout outs to !
Bitch Say What?
#Creepyoldmantweet Thank's for the follow!
in reality (:
My girl old fashion after a nite on the town we finish off smashin
in da morning. Call me instead, I'm bored as fuckkkk.
is a #badass (:
Yeee buddy, got the 3rd & 4th book for the Hunger Games <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
If yen fuccin wit me dnt fucc wit me
i love open fight night on impact wrestling
Up til 7, up before noon... That's just how I roll.
Working hard on organizing the 2009 Wild West Veterinary Conference!
do you believe in horoscopes?
I miss those old ppl at the nursing home they were so sweet especially Mr. Jimmy lol
WOO HOO! Snowstorm is a must then! :)
Woodfish and friends return to The Saint in Asbury Park on March 4th! Get tickets at www.woodfishmusic.com
You always bring me down, I'm sick of being pushed around. I'm not gonna change you can't make me.
Ha true. To funny
And ppl think *scientists* experimental rigs are expensive: MT We need lawsuits to get answers to unresolved copyright questions
#CirqueID was awesome Loved it!
~ 'Bring out the dancing lobsters' (;
": Thanks again for being a guest expert speaker at tonight's #Waupaca #ESeed session!" No prob! Loved it!
All the way from Los Angeles, we've got Freak Juice going on stage tonight at 9pm. Come check out these West Coast cats TONIGHT!
It's days like this I really need my Mom to live in NYC and not DC.
Thanks for the follow! Have a great week!
You try to be reasonable with someone.. I mean fuck!
hahahah she really cant do ANYTHING no lie
If you don't like em then you hate rap.
I just wanna make things right before you walk out of my life
Billy Bob Thornton is the best choice for a role in a movie that calls for a drunk!
Looking for a scanner for those paper and photo documents? Ask me about the hand held Flip Pal.
Thx for follow back ~^^
Watching #getbuckets hm yeah
Before Drake started saying #YOLO....Did you all think u can live twice? or....
steak sandwich w/ extra cheese whiz, philly hots (the dried out blk peppers & pickles
Thanks, Matt. I knew it was either you or Lisa. Mechanisms and Always Already New need a CTRL-F/<U+2318>-F.
thats a nicer version of no thank you
Lunch specials are the Sweet 16 Burger and Hot Corned Beef and Swiss
My lips look like honey but ill sting you like a bee <3
James is right, as usual.
Not a bad idea. Would be pretty entertaining after a few swigs of 2 buck chuck.
what is the website for e-textbooks for high schools or has textbooks on pdf? thanks
Good concept but both square and foursquare are not ubiquitous enough to make it work… other ideas might!
RT : As 2 how 2 have a happy marriage THAT cannot be condensed into a tweet.
C Hackett kicked my butt at East Liverpool Country Club today. I made no pars. But I did a fist pump after making a bogie.....
but not Lauren
i'm officially one of those guys who stands around the office water cooler talking about
It's very calmbeforethestorm-ish in Austin today, literally and figuratively.
you have the iPhone? Don't see that one on mine:(
So my life story goes a little like this...
AUSTIN MY BIRTHDAY IS TODAY PLZ WISH ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY AND MAKE MY LIFE COMPLETE
Just left dance class and it was the sh*t!!
Johnson &amp; Johnson - Shareholder/Analyst Call
Nice! enjoy man
also I'm definitely regretting coming here sans jacket. You're right
ohh awesome! just text me when youre in town :)
#thomasdavis is a beast!
go to the red house the left at the rooster an honk twice so uncle Buried don't shoot you.
Um, jealous!
I dreaqd going to earth science
haha cuddling. Do you prefer to be the big spoon or little spoon?
The things people worry about.. some people really need to get their priorities straight.
RT : I wish Amazon separated out p0rn books from erotica. The "erotica" top 100 is at least half straight up cheesy P0rn.
dont know you that much but morning...hope you have a great day.
Real work? No idea. That's what I fit in between tweeting.
When you look better than his ex>
Relaxing in the country! Ready for some down time after a busy but fun weekend!
You're always addicted to something! :)
been busy doing some networking. Just wrote some lyrics to the first of 4 tracks I received. how y'all doing tonite?
Went to pow wow @ #SDSU & the #latinofilmfestival yesterday & spent this morning cooking with my gma. So much culture in 1 weekend!
Both Winston Churchill and Ted Kennedy have biographies titled Last Lion. Somewhat akin to putting G. Lucas and Kubrick on the same footing
That was dope tho won't lie lol
SALE! Get 30% off seasonal merchandise. Stop in to see what we have in your size!
Were there any lyrics in that song?
earliest I ever been done with my makeup <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Good start.
Agreed. At the moment listening to Tom Rindflesch discussing Unified Medical Language System developed by NLM/NIH
#nytm just gets better and better.
I think the Lakers will win tonight, but Ill be pulling for the Nuggets
all fine-tuned athletes need an off-season
Business... MBA... :/ neways good luck tomorrow lol. i'll be back soon... don't worry soon as i'm back you'll know
Great job today! I still wish you were headed to Butler, but I know you will take over at Purdue. Keep up the good work.
“: Taking photos for first album! #newcountryband”. I'm so excited to see them :)
Just remembered the time in my basement when I read a certain female's status update and you guessed who it was with 0 context.
Shelby, glad you could make it. My daughter has gluten sensitivity so I appreciate the challenges
wait for love=)
Since when did Pregnancy become a disease? #HCR is going to bankrupt the Country which I guess U don't care!
My better half <3
Those who stand for nothing fall for anything
You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
it is very cool looking indeed. How are ya>??
Axford coming in for the save! #Brewers lead 5-4!
House hunting is not easy when ur picky b. But wtf...... I want wtf I want. Period. The gawd damn end.
Oh my goodness I get to hear my final mixes today!!!! I'm jumping up and down on my bed:):):)
I find it interesting when ppl I enjoy following have passive aggressive beef w/ someone. Case in point: & Erik Spoelstra.
Ur not any better than they are fel..
yea... id tap that ;) pahahahaha c(;
Best news all day! RT Joe's has a new seasonal menu..Pork Chops w/ Spaghetti Squash, Parmesan Halibut & Artichoke Stuffed Sole!
. Haven't heard trade rumors. Pierce is Celtics' captain. Too good to ever be a Laker. We're oldies but goldies! GO CELTICS!
I need a babysitter/nanny in elm grove/brookfield or greenfield areas. Please rt
Since my family is moving to Kentucky, I guess I have to pay attention to this game....
woot airrick! cant wait for another awesome show!
His critics are ensuring his re-election. Thank God!
people-watching with you that includes tall men racing up the steps is the best - thanks friend for bringing me along
Your n needs checked out my a doctor. CHECKED OUT BY A DOCTOR
Makin me laugh haha :)
Isn't a jog down high street the best?
We were talking about random shit and Linda of course lol
I've got a fever and the only prescription...
#FF because she is amazing <U+263A>
Cheese Eggs & Potatoes For Breakfast
Jealous of the peeps at #cil2010 . Maybe next year.
San Antonio , Texas baby (; lol you ?
dear , performing the self is not an invention of social media
Got sum softball.!
Happy Texas Independence Day
Stay positive, and get better!
“: I want to go on a road trip this summer”
DuBois: "now all abt #workforce. 12th gr is no longer finish line. #Comm_College can play a role, attract business w/ 1 phonecall"
i cant believe this my lasy day of school;) it came so fast
Oh yeah and played defense
Not much of a hunt in Werth's beard #justsayin RT Who's up for an Easter egg hunt inside of the Beard?
of course you likely. What don't you likely... Ps make your appt for to see the Nu
i saw you at the birthday bash @ the dc star night club, you put it on us,
Great stay-cation. New Stephen King book, sleeping late, holiday treats. To come: discussion on writing project, family night at movies.
some new rnb beats
wow we are so old. Juniper needs one of the Fisher price tape decks
S/O & For Being in the building 's lounge last Night
Argh - I've got that ga-ga bitch stuck in my head w/ all her "rah rah ooh la la rah ma-ma" crap. We need to have her euthanized.
Send me some ;) RT I will start makin the weed brownies again next week
Give some World Piece this holiday season! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
So, are you fellows planning on touring anytime soon? -- From a listener in Connecticut
Ok, stop. I wasn't inviting you to discuss your politics with me.
Love it. RT My mum's ringtone is She's cool. Yep.
4get gun control, we need bullet control. If a bullet cost $5,000 there would be no innocent bystanders. -I love chris rock
Releases from all sorts of grabs and holds
So sorry for your loss! Thoughts and prayers coming from NC for you and your family.
Do I need Adobe Acrobat to create PDFs with fill-in forms? Is there an alternative program?
school night
Thanks for the RT! Hope your day is going great! See you at the Man & Woman of the Year Luncheon on March 22nd!
if i fall if i die know i lived it to the fullest if i fall if i die know i lived it missing bullets !-best song ever !
good luck gurl!
I hate that -.-
Good to hear I am about to take a nap for real like I said chill mode :)
u mean todays game?
just 1 so far.
Evidently. RT i think i finally figured out hashtags!
Love hurts sometimes when you do it right.
Inner peace and love is all I want, both so hard to find. But instead I'll settle for sex and alcohol.
And who says nothing good every comes out of a committee? Hooray for today!
Why did the chicken cross the road? ... Because Beckett, Lackey and Lester were not pitching that night.
I like the dude who looks like Me photobombing in the background
thanks I wanna get higher
Talent. I originally wrote that tweet after seeing Jeff Huson jump on the desk like a frat boy again. Prod. is still great
Get out the wet wipes
Thank you, sir.
thanks. It's been a few days. I have to get back on track.
Think I'll just stroll over to the local grocery store. I'm sure it won't be that crowded.
nah craw I sold mine... Like yur style tho goalie...
I love being in march madness groups with people from UT who always pick the horns to go far no matter how awful we look.
Good policy. RT "Anybody who's not throwing a fit can come to my birthday party."
If love is eternal, then why is life so short?
Love this!
lmfao thank you ^.^
I was just gonna tweet that you HAVE to be enjoying this!... RT : Come on OKC keep the intensity up!
Finally getta work out in PT
I Hope The Weather Is Nice On May 5th ! /:
President of UMBC is on NPR right now and stated "You do not have to be rich to be brilliant!"
in an attempt to forget my brain melt ysdy caused by statistics, I am drinking coffee. COFFEE.
yes u won. u have a great voice. You r the
London peeps: I'm staying at the Novotel for the 3 shows. Is it a total wasteland out there? Must learn to use the tube, if it goes there.
thank you! You are very fabulous yourself! Have you been to #BArCongress for a drink. Ask for Leo, he has the gift to gab.
Student scholarship winner are supposed to find out today. We are all holding our breaths. I think a dozen of my students applied.
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past. "Patrick Henry"
I leave to get my daughter from school & the #Tigers are down 4-0. I get home & it's tied at 4. Sounds good to me.
hahha you're so going to have to learn the train schedules now.
lol when is this? I'll be on campus next week if it's then
Getting pumped to rawk the treehouse in columbus Tuesday 7-12!! Playing with Zac McFadden. Music starts at 10 PM.
Stop trying to turn people into you. Instead, go out and find people better than you. Jordan Adler
In dire need of an energy boost. What's your favorite pick-me-up?
Miss world 2010 has almost completed her reign!Congratulations to her!!
booty man what what!!!!
“In the happiest of our childhood memories, our parents were happy, too.” -Robert Brault
We have 14 points.
go n with your eyes wide open !
No whistle on the ruckus underneath but the touch foul out top must be called.
Its going to be a great day! Excited to board the train at 5:45p to head to #Chicago!
Super stoked bought Zumba Fitness 2 for Wii. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
Is your mind rattling creating a B2B marketing strategy? Hopefully this helps - people "buy" expertise from people not a logo or a company.
Who sings "Dancing In the Moonlight"? If you said Van Morrison, you're wrong...
Ladies Night!!! Friday 3/30 from 4-7pm at Roots Salon!! Free chair massages, nails & makeup! Free color w/ $25 in products!
Hate is only adimiration in disguise! -KB4H
I can attest to this source. I found it intuitive with good examples for designers or non-engineers.
#HappyBdayJoeBrooks I love you so much! <3
Thank you Daniel...All the best...
Sometimes my cat starts purring when I make eye contact with him.
Lmfaooo! "Squirrel" And "Whale"
Had a fun time working last night on a website. Owner was open-minded and willing to try my suggestions. Wish all were that way!
Dear I promise 2 not ever in my life cruse at you or disrespect u I promise 2 always love u and care 4 u i gtg luv u
You must determine what elements within #CRM are most beneficial for your firm. Enables firm strategic plans. cc'
I am really diggin my Hartke 2100 Pro bass cab! "true"tone and very good build quality,I don,t need much EQ now at all!...FAT!
Special thanks to Mark Keefe at for emceeing at ! "Don't drink and Trike!"
you are such an ass
Many thanks for the folo!
Thank You for the article!!!
If u r over the age of 15, stop tweeting abt the #VMAs. There are more important things to discuss, like the fact that Bloodsport is on now.
Watchin da greatest rapper alive eminem
It's the last day of class & student presentation day in #LIBR046! I love seeing all of the different research projects come together!
lol i have like 100 things to do for u..u should come over, costumes to finish
at Logan's on sixth street. Come by and chat Selection Sunday with us.
like the new website design!!
I just saw yo sis, u weren't in the house were u?
Bawbawbaw, BRICK SQUAD !!!
I enjoyed meeting you and loved your enthusiasm today!
looks good
"a g0Od FrieNd kNoWs ur PaSt, aCcePts ur PreSeNt & bELieVes iN uR FuTuRe!" i l0Ve my fRiEnDs..!
Had fun riding back/forth to TN w/son. He went to UGA game w/my dad. Listened to JayZ/Kanye. Love 2 tracks in particular. "Preach."
Good morning Friends! ! I hope everyone has a fantastic day!! ENJOY!! LAUGH! PLAY! DANCE!! and SING a bit!! Don't forget to hug!! ( ) ( )!!
who's da character on here dat u like?
My first house will. Def. RT : My next home will have a hammock in the yard.
oh yes! #DanceMomsMiami premier!
I mean, that stuff happens. You shouldn't be embarrassed, everybody gets little tweaks here and there!
Thanks for the follow BellinghamStories (BhamStories)! :)
yes! I think it's all coming together.
It is essential that we get her back in captivity. She has been last seen on Patapsco Avenue and Washington Boulevard in Baltimore Maryland.
Ohh lovin life right now! But then there's so much homework.. -.-
so nice to see you again.
Giants and Cubs
Twitter, why won't you let me change my profile picture? WHY???!!!
Going to soon! Healthy Willamette exhibit sponsored by the Portland Spirit! Learn how valuable this river is to our community!
Westview vs West Linn tonight!! Lo's first home game :)!! Let's go Cats!!
All your doe is sour, I don't mess with Lemon Cake- I wrecks it steady N deadly just let me demonstrate
imagine wolfgang playing at the superclub!? 0___0
... come peep my stand up act tomorrow at show starts at 8:30pm. you know i got jokes.
“When I say I want to photograph someone, what it really means is that I'd like to know them. Anyone I know I photograph.” -Annie Leibovitz
I do believe this novella's close to completion, y'all. Might be able to blow through final edits by the end of the weekend.
I think he looks like Eeyore if Eeyore was a middle-aged Caucasian huffer.
I am sure you have been wondering what I have been up to. Lets just say a scarf a day keeps the doctor away.
Just a tad bit. Lolzz
That dude just did that!!!! I Believe I Can Fly... He sang the devil out of that song!!!
1) Jordan 2) Kobe Kobe is the closet you can get to MJ.
I'm screwed...
|..|~. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Stay focused
First Elin, then Hank, then Teddy Forstmann, now Steve. Tiger has gone through some massive breakups in 18 months
hello there, hello there,how are you? I haven't seen you in a while.. :)
how you been?
blessings! safe journey!
Hahaha, needed that :) xo
thanks so much beautiful !! ;)
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore. - Andre Gide
People that put 'LOL' after everything even if it's not funny <<<
"She just gets me so mad" "stfu" lol someone didnt get too much sleep
On my way to Just might have to go for it and order one of the junmai daiginjos.
Thanks for the reminder about the water! Always reminding my clients to drink more!
two can play that game. If my life was a bowl of cereal, would be the milk.
Sometimes, despite what we may want, the door just has too many locks.
why you so hot?
lol u little ass cldnt even go yesterday
So stoked! Encore Beach Club opens tomorrow! One of the craziest pool parties in town! Hmu if youre down!
Three great one-on-one meetings today with Duck Biz Lunch attendees. And huge props to Peoples' Sandwich of Portland for the sandwich! The …
#ff love you mandy! x
fo sho get some rest see a doc if it continues
Love the motivation in the AM! ": Desire is the key that opens the door when #opportunity knocks. Good morning everyone. #BeGreat"
so Joe Maddon
Dalglish out of the Liverpool job! Good riddance, he was taking them nowhere. Put in Martinez!!
#twittertools UseQwitter: Qwitter e-mails you when someone stops following you on Twitter with a message.
. You're very welcome! Thanks for sharing that great quote :)
Bend Brew Dr. lovers – We just tapped a keg of Spiced Apple Kava at the Bend teahouse. It's the perfect complement to a Thanksgiving feast!
and this is why you have the greatest Milwaukee website of ALL TIME
Starting to re-think things..:/
We hang on to the older travel books for our time traveling patrons. It's all about service.
The #BeachBoys are performing live on the #Grammys, but where's Uncle Jesse? It's not the same without
and there's nothing wrong with that. Chili's is a place of no judgment.
uh yum.
haha well...yes... i hope not!
"recovery from interruption takes 5-10 times the length of the interruption"
We had a great night at Wildhorse. Special thanks to for coming to visit. Love ya Lucky.
I was fine just a guy living on my own, waiting for the sky to fall
Where are you going? I'm so ready to study abroad ...can't wait til next year
lmao but forreal i would be so happy... Like the world would be complete
The instant they catch feelings steal they love and be out in a minute - Dark Man X
Flop City going against Manu and Tony... No chance Flop City gets out with more than 1
#FOLLOWFRIDAY Happy Friday.
Yeehaw! The 45th annual CMA Awards air tonight on ABC! Who will be tuning in?
Seriously fuck distance. And america
Ladies....get ready! has a new segment on #HighHeels by ! Stay tuned..don't miss the latest fashions/best deals!
I passed, I think I would ball the whole way through
Flew in C-130 today - first time in 19 years ... Very professional troops we have in the WV Air n Army Guard. Proud of em...
Me too and my twin sis ;)
I have no idea how I'm gonna let you go and everything, but I have to.. this is so hard..
I'm hoping for a playoff win tonight!!!
RT : Thoroughly enjoyed 's talk on today in Trinity. Love the idea & the execution. >>Cheers Ian!
Wow! What a brew day. Cheers!
I need a better system.
RT : i will change the world.
itch itch papyrus is sitting on a booster chair right now
just made it back to Missouri
Volley Ball Tryouts!!!Agh Can't Wait
Thank you ;D
My wife is gonna have a man who gonna work all the time but still GON put it down on her and be there for her and the kids
@ I so feel ya on that, mofos really be thinking they sneaky.
dead serious! We can take 4 classes! I'll find out when it expires, cause I bought in like November
haha gotta love it been so many years and he comes back with fuckin emperor \m/
Wearing a pretty cute summer outfit right now :)
it's entirely mutual my friend. Safe travels!
the way I've seen the issue framed is the need to keep the fund going for coming yrs.
ONE DIRECTION MAKES ME SO ASSKLJ BROKE.
Gotta love Thursday Night Football, let's go Tebow!
happy birthday!!!! your an oldie but a goodie! haha
The girl infront of me goes to FSU, within two minutes we become friends.
woah when was this what
ONE person has texted me all day. And it was for like 30 min.
I wanna get married so I can get me one a them dresses that look like a haystack made of tulle.
Less money we spend on the bullshit, the more for the weed
the best :)
I think you're right! #salamiandvodka on both Network buses! Right and ?
TWEETING IRRELEVANT ISH BECAUSE YA KNOW YO TO THE FLICKING LO
love ya too moms :)
Only Speak Good Things.
Ha thats a sick skin!
I may have caught the plague by talking to her on the phone.. Wish me luck, gang.
RT : started deliberation this afternoon....continue tomorrow.. I'm the foreman! -- Hiarious
Now on Youtube , Amazon.com,Itunes, Cd baby, Rhapsody www.rickeyleewatson.com and catching fire ! who will be the first to interview?
oh my gosh. Did you get tips from ??
Time is more valuable than you think. Take advantage of it now.
not yet but I am turning it on now...
be happy to help - are you in DC? If not, virtual coffee also works :)
New 80app: ReturnKeywordPages - returns page content when keywords are matched
So I was just informed that I have to have surgery. Ugh I'm so scared
I would say yes. You need to be clearly independent if u r used as a sub
I think it's really sweet that my neighbor thinks i make a living doing comedy.
#Ravens get first home Monday night game since 2007 when it opens against
Looking forward to tomorrow :)
sorry for what!? What did I do!! I'm sorry !!! Make-Up sex ?
Ight tell the close homies. CLOSED invite unless I okay it!
Imagine getting handcuffed at the border 'cause you share a similar name and birthdate with a felon
Sounds wonderful!
yeah between that and Snooki having her baby then we're doomed
Finally going to try and sleep or nap.
Do U know anyone whose currently renting but wants to own their own home? The Helping People Buy Progrgam can help. www.HelpingPeopleBuy.com
School vouchers and the religious subversion of church-state separation - The Guardian
I would die if you said happy birthday to me! (:
Wow! Very good recipe! Healthy dish! :-)
#BlueAngel directly overhead!
so glad to call it home, it is amazing :) we have a guest room. If you can deal with dogs, come crash and surf!
Darn it! Seems like there's no way for me to see The Guard on iTunes or Amazon on Demand unless I buy it :(
word. secondhand smoke is really sucky.
To paraphrase Sartre's Roquentin, "5:30 am is either too early or too late to do anything you want to do."
Good evening, Ms. Blythe. How's your headache, better?
That's right, midnight: I'm in bed and you're not here yet!
So I Have An Amazinq Sonq On #REPLAY ... #BOYFRIEND .
It was nice to be home for Thanksgiving. Got to watch one of Coach Palczyk's practices...he's a great coach.
#Spurs v. Celtics tonight. We won't be there til 5 today bc TNT is doing the broadcast. We have to write media passes for Sunday's ABC game.
Lions should have picked him! RT : Decastro is a beast. Has a nasty mean streak. Solid pick for Steelers.
So DC is the most literate city. How do we keep this up? By reading to kids. Check out resolution read and read aloud to kids!
We are kicking the Lock-Ins ass!
on the side of my foot
You too
I missed you. Next year I'll scope out a spot again. I think we'll have even more folks.
Man them lil sex pics ppl be putting up just reminds me everyday that I ain't getting none lol damn DAMN DAMN! lol
Shouldn't it be called a "near hit"?
RT : I can't decide...The Giving Tree by Shel Silverstein OR Love you Forever by Robert Munsch
How can Romney accuse Obama of "hiding his intent" while also saying the prez is intent on leading the country to ruin?
Life's a process of becoming, a mix of states we have to undergo.
everyone go follow cuz she has cool nails and i dont!!!!! <3333 jkjk i painted them!!!!!
i miss the days when people actually wanted to do stuff... & not just drink.
so can I
Our team won the company bowling tournament last night.
Not all Packer fans care about #16-0, it seems like a distraction and I'm glad the Pack don't seem to be phased about it. #YOTTO continued.
Disappointed to learn #homeworkdanceparty isn't popular... come on #gradstudents !
Okay thunder going on&Ihave a stomach virus thinking Osama ghost is gonna pop up on my balcony door,there's nothing I can do but puke on him
Looking forward to meeting you as well!
I hate when I can't sleep -.-
I'm ok if you don't like anal, oral or doggy style... just don't expect a return invitation.
Gotta go and rest for awhile...still trying to get used to my own time zone. xo :{)
oh goody good good!
Time to start planning the day-after-christmas dinner again
Courage in the mist of fear is the choice that all the great players in the game of life made and so must we
New followers #FF Thanks!
Just looking, probably getting a crv or rav4
If your company uses printed coupons you should look at the response rates of mobile coupons. The difference is astounding! www.zesmo.com
colorado bound. looking forward to exciting racing , seeing friends and cooler temps. go !
I will. And I absolutely love your new Twitter picture. L. O. V. E.
Lisa is taking way to long to email me back. I WANNA SEE AUSTIN SHE NEEDS TO HURRY.
RT ADTR apparently didn’t make up their minds when they signed 3! 4! 5! on that dotted line
Every time I go tanning I get burned
*turns up*
Old people and pranks, I'm listening.
do you honestly think your talented?
I lost three followers today, But I don't give a flying fuck cuz I got over 1000 followers today. Smiles from ear to ear
Nothing gets me wetter than hearing Michael Bloomberg speak Spanish.
loved ur character in just go with it u r madd hott
Agreed, particularly appreciated his advice just now that libraries need to get written into grant apps for NSF
Awesome snark from one of the few non-TV obsessives on my feed. You just made my day! *love*
RT : ACCEPT and ADJUST and SOAR!! Let's get it!!!!
she's Mexican, she swam the river. She's had enough to deal with in her life!
GO TALK IT OVER GUYS.
Out here quadrupling
My daily deal sites story will run again at 8:30. With two Seattle businesses: Sting Ray Auto and Citizen (cafe.)
Thank you! Awesome show :)
can we get dinner right away? i worked through lunch :(
Go for a it But sperreys would look Better if you have some!!!
The people that just got engaged at the game<33333
something I didn't realize until I taught classes, grading exams sucks way more than taking exams.
- for the record, I did speakerbutt in 2009, but yrs are better & bigger.
Half of this growth is emerging mkts. RT : Coke aims to double biz by 2020 ; lots of talent needed in emerging mkts
Didnt even know you were here lol RT : Ok. Sacramento. Small crowd. I'm about to do the best show of my life
#FF a band and it's members that I'm looking forward to work with: -
"Serena you do sexy I just want to eat you up." Gotta love Ariel
noo... i never really paid attention to the random singing/dancing lol
YOU WOULD
I know man. If nobody paid them any attention they would have nothing to do.
Man overboard >
thanks a bunch for the MCN tweets from all of us who didn't get to go! Much appreciated!
When people can walk away from you, let them walk. Your destiny is never tied to anybody who left.
Ah I know tomorrow and everyday it's gonna kill me </3.
I am honestly going to be terrified to leave my house and work as soon as the assassin starts
They love to sell them at a snails pace when your in a hurry.
Shawn Thornton is an offensive JUGGERNAUT! He's matched his career high (6G) and surely has his sights set on double-digits this year!
Growth...can't stress it enough. Don't get caught up being stagnant. Admit ur faults, realize ur truths, and keep it movin.
Always. Always is an appropriate time to drink chocolate milk.
I'm with my baby all the time. I don't think it's been a day since she been born that I have not seen her.
CANCELLED: Tonight's Open/Tech Night at the PRC. Sorry for the inconvenience. We hope to see you at the PRC soon!
RT : or you could get married at lollapalooza on Friday afternoon, and say the rest of the festival is your reception.
We're there! You name a green event and we're going to be at it! Thursday at the Solomar will be a good chance to collaborate!
Tape has started selling out! If you want tickets, you'd better get them now. www.pinkbananatheatre.com. This show is going to be amazing!
Always the case this time of yr RT truth is there are 50 teams who could be between 15 and 25. Put em in drum & draw names.
that's the plan :)
I love all these people who invoke Jesus against SSM. Check the bible people. Jesus never said one word about it. WWJD indeed.
#MunicipalMonday=came up with this today. Objective 1: prove I care about where I live. Objective 2: make enough $ to live somewhere else.
Happy Fat Tuesday. Tough decision... hmm, Leonards or Champion. ^dy
Attended my 1st bluegrass concert in a cathedral
Hey what's your instagram? I looked you up but there's so many fakes :p could you tell me please?:) Thankss!
haha google it! Or ask your dad lol! If you organise this part... I'll sort out the tshirts :)
You can bring your mom
Conditions are so good! Omg
I'm smiling today.
The Hobbit always makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're making that into a production too.
excellent. can not wait till the 20th, going to california/L.A. no telling who i mightt see? hm ;)
Joe n Tewan funny
can't wait til tonight!
Just see me when we meet eye to eye
maybe you should go to a therapist and talk about these dreams
weeppppaaaa I hope you know how to cook bc that's the way to mans heart woahhhh
My mommy is the best mommy ever, love you mama bear
Mac, mama, Tim, Alex and Andrew!(:
you must have trouble finding pants that fit... With balls that huge, and all...
sounds like A+ studying to me.
Dive's on-air interview and performance is coming up next on 98 Rock Baltimore! Stream it live at www.98online.com
are you available to speak in my class this spring on SM and sports promo??
ok thats good enough i guess!
I haven't seen my hubby since Dec. Two hours to go.
#WomenTurnOns A man who can hold an intelligent convo, established, has a nice ass, can really cook, has a mystery to him, & has nice lips.
Diana said thank you!
Haha. I can probably fix it at some point... mid January... but for now it's just awkward. -__-
i aint gonna lie to you, I'd lose my virginity to Justin Bieber. HAHAHAHA i have no life.
Yeah, that hurt, but I still love you boys. #SKCNation for life.
Must be some phenomenal coffee beans.
yeah and im one of those 10million fans. One day you will follow me, I just know it,(:
Putting in Work..!
blah blah blah, whatever.....
damn smh, that sucks hun. i'm sorry.
Telling you what you want to hear would make things super easy for me, but I don't root my friendships in falsehood.
FilmBreak. That's all I have to say.
surfs bars were incomparable the way he strings it altogether, personally yeah
Thanks for the follow back! I look forward to meeting and working with you this summer as well. What a great year to be in D.C
Cognitive surplus MT : for twitter followers perform function of extensive support team--as volunteers.
thank you:) all the dads appriciate it
Love you Detroit!!!! xoxo
If I'm having the Public Burger does that mean I have to share?
Hope Rick brought a red tie to change into at half. Always wear a red tie gotdamnit!
Thanx so much for the mention and RT! Sending off a copy of the book to Spain today and sent one to Singapore last week. :)
Wish I could spend mothers day with my amazing momma but of course she's at a soccer tournament.
Just thought and should know I had to listen to 'That Thing You Do' again this morning. Maybe more than once.
This Sunday it's goin down! The GHost Inside @ Shadowplay Lounge!
yeah, cause your dick is so huge.
Back from the beach with the family. A little sunburned, but had a fun time.
Bahahaha they don't call me captain obvious for no reason.
Two positions open at ARC San Diego in Development & Communications. Visit www.sdarc.org & click on "Careers."
how many extra teeth do you think has? Best smile in the game!
DEPEND ON U!!!! I HOLLERED @ SO MANY FAKE PPL ON THIS TWITTER SHIT TALKIN' THE SAME THANG BUT IF U FA' REAL HOLLA @ ME
I work on #goodfriday, that's not so good.
Harsh words ? Lol & what else?
I don't trip when I walk up the stairs !!! I just freestyle walk ( ;
Some people think Hagrid is a hottie RT I look like Hagrid right now.
“Remember, the acquisition of knowledge doesn't mean you're growing. Growing happens when what you know changes how you live.”
“: Got a wifi DVD player today #winning”>> wtf is that ??
Thanks everyone for the support for the cardio Thai box class. Looks like I will have a great turnout. Can't wait!
chillin wb you all
should just road trip to ATL for the night...
Stern fans, rerun of Grillo vs. Tracey on 101. Just fantastic.
that sounds amazing! I hope you feel better! :)
ok send me a request Latoya Benjamin..Its a pict of me so I shouldnt be hard to find
So maybe I like him So maybe I hate him So maybe I like him a lot more than I planned I definitely hate him
god, i can't wait for #summmmma. ;)
took me all day to think of one :D lol sorry :/ ... how about... Austin Mahone Rules!? :D lol i know.. lamee
My kickboxing class kicked my ass. As soon as I get out of bed I challenge all to a duel!
The CASHER says take the UNDER in the Purdue/Western Michigan bowl game. Under is the play..
twitter says I am similar to you... swooning
Life continues after the grave or after the death of the physical body. There is always much to do in the spirit world/Heaven.
Great Seeing you at the Good News Foundation Event!
at some point I will have to stop...like before I get diabetes.
Sucks to be you, Steelers!
just came back from playing at a wedding. I saw the happiest couple in the world :) God bless!
TWISTED FACT: 33% of women admit to having flashed someone at LEAST once in their life... (but I think it's more lol)
Low 40s today and tomorrow with a mix of sun and clouds. Get out and enjoy it!
dude your my hero, hope you dont go to jail
I know right! I really want to go to that concert! :)
THIS IS RIDICULOUS LUXURY, the new EP from comes out TOMORROW on iTunes, Amazon MP3, and Bandcamp!!!
: Share your favorite moments!
Missing Upper Laterals
We love the cool weather outside...just wish the rain would stop so we can open up the Go-Karts!
I've been really deep in old world wines lately and this Seghesio Zin I'm drinking tastes like sweet vanilla alcohol...it's overwhelming
But for some reason lots of people have done it. Thus Metallica, Avenged Sevenfold, System of a Down, etc are out on youtube.
108 is clear of lamb urine this morning.
hey sorry didnt make it on wednesdau mom said u will b at zbar 2nite huh??
True but while ness is cleanin I'm gonna take a shower
RINOs and globalists mourn the loss of Lugar on the Senate Floor. Heeheehee
in case you couldn't tell !
I have a buyer looking for 100+ unit apartment complex to buy...something not on market. Contact me if you have something!
Free drinks !!! Quick!
Im Not Finna Keep Goin Back X Forth
Many thanks and hope by mid summer we will have tons of traffic so will need many trucks!
And I'm also feeling the effects of last night
lol....so can you!
I either blew up my mac or it needs a rest. Heads up, clients! :)
follow me Robert....I feel like this is a lucky day!
#sickAF #sicktweet where the hell did this cold come from?!!
Ever notice when MSNBC has Fox video, the idiots on Fox are shouting and commenting with hate in their voice!
I feel like tonite is game 7 for the
This girl >
If art has a purpose, it is to interpret life, reproduce it in fresh visions.
yeah yeah yeah !
be frustrated in the direction of Brownie. That whole roster is mismanaged & their rotations/positions R mishandled.
Delegates, Senators represent people - not counties. Questions on multi-county senatorial district restrictions very legit.
Airplane! Pilot
bout to record another video of my studio session
Where does one purchase an Oklahoma state flag?
RT np: Refused "Shape of Punk to Come" - Lyxzén's screaming makes *my* throat hurt--I still can't make up my mind about this.
Thanks tweeps. WE DID IT!
Favorite restaurant in LA?
First adaptive program at Oro Valley Parks, Recreation & Library, Arizona; register on the Oro Valley town website. Parkinson's Plus
renting to most illegal immigrants. (Court challenges have kept the law from taking effect.)
RT this if you read it ? :)
don't know if I have any2hope good luck2&congratulate cause$can't buy me fun or luv
She solicits work from a wide variety of poets, many of whom people might not consider "nature poets"....
How do ants always know where the picnic is?
Samuel L. Jackson doesn't deliver tomato soup, Zooey!!! It's gazpacho!!!
Just a matter of preference!
Following from afar: CIC Digital Humanities summit and their exciting blackout. Our fab colleague Geoff Morse attending for NUL.
A bowl of Creamy Curry Carrot soup with a Grilled Cheese and a pot of Ginger Lime Rooibos would hit the spot tonight
Good job Rommy!“: Today my wife Jo and I celebrate our 62nd wedding anniversary. She's the best thing that ever happened to me.
im just messin cuz its 2012 haha, either way Im makin this the best year of my life goin all out!
'has anyone ever told you you look like a handsome dog the bounty hunter?'
So excited...we are working on our new music site!! It will be revealed soon!! Much love everyone...
The Miracle Set®, premium age-fighting products works by: Removing dead skin cells; Reducing fine lines and wrinkles; Rebuilding the skin.
Why was SnoopDogg the number one recommended follow on the Curtis Library twitter? Maybe I should start using him as inspiration for posts
What are your plans this weekend? Have you filed your #taxes? If not, come see e and I will take care of you!
I agree
#pricesthatshockyou $21.99 for a case of silver bullets??!! You gots to be kidding me!!!
Thank you :) that means alot RT : I just thought I'd tell you that I have so much respect for you as a Dad
Everybody Watch Your Back .
wait...seriously? RT : No Tommie Frazier in the CFB Hall of Fame. Who's marching with me to burn it down?
Everyone follow! And go to youtube type in Payton Rae, you'll love her.<3
Hello everyone! :)
That awkward moment when me and my sis think is following her so we freak out but instead we find out it's someone else D;
Behind every asshole is a girl who fucked him over.
On the job. With an HVX200. Making my rate. I thought 4K was here?
I knoww :/ ugh usually they don't start this early
They're Taxidermists, Charlie Brown: The Story of the Van Pelts
Ebon youre so perfect. i love you and I will forever be a lurker<3
Loving the new book. For a guy who doesn't own a TV, you sure know a lot about The Real Housewives. Just sayin'.
Visualization without action is like daydreaming. Get out there and do it!
someone text me please :/
Boxers need to do more glove signing. I'm sick of hearing boxers coming to LA without doing shit for their fans.
thanks for the follow. love your company name... classic milwaukee!
Hey! Do you think I'll be needed for any more Funder Games stuff?
Did u know that the green splash sticks from Starbucks was an idea from a social media follower? Hey, thanks whoever you are
aweh! Tell him hes adorable and I'm his admirer from far away
10 minutes in our nephew asked if it was over.
Rack city, bitch.
awwwwh xD did you get my crepes picture? .__.
Going to the PBA's Annual Widows and Children's Holiday Party in NYC today! - with !
Just enjoyed an incredible performance of Beethoven's 9th by the Seattle symphony and chorale. Amazing!
: Well somebody send me an address already ===> : Insidious was scary as HELL, I need a sleepover buddy like NOW!"
Daytime and games today make me a happy boy.
finally. My old Nexus One was starting to show its age.
preping my feet/legs for tomorrow's match... they smell like chocolate
What color is a chameleon on a mirror?
Green Bay Packer Jarius Wynn honorary chairman of
partnerships are welcome in the biz world :)
#Education/pay cuts, Bill Freeman SD,"this is about priorities, education has not been priority since No child left behind"
"fifth third bank." that just kills me.
gotta get up. gotta get moving. gotta see a friend of mine.
I hate listen to women's stories, it makes my balls itch
Check out this rappersmusic! Tweet him he will give you a link!
Please Recycle something this weekend...
Either I'm great at packing or I've forgotten a bunch of stuff.
Know I'm out on a limb here, but I suspect people will be split on the definition of "real goods." Eager to hear your take..
Son excited about going with me to his first Ohio State football game where we play Michigan. Promised him @ 5 I would @ 10 & he remembered!
Congrats on the patent -- Now go make some amazing ISH.
This girl just shot the halfcourt shot under-handed on college gameday.
I'm so tired! Goodnight!
congrats to #ellen for such great tv adds for #JCP during #oscars!
What's the world doing? Anyone have anything fun going on tonight?
I want to be the white man’s brother, not his brother-in-law
Will I ever sleep before 3 am again?
now we all know that mayweather can only win with cheap shots.
Going to chachi's workshop today! :D
Watch them in that order, or at least Wedding Crashers, IT, 300, and Center Stage.
Sorry I haven't been on. My teacher decided it'd be cool to take my phone at school today and turn it in to the principle til tomorrow.
TEMPLE RUN!!!
Soccer: Prem: City loss puts United eight clear Manchester City's pursuit of the Premier League crown looks to be all over after an 85th
get off wat days though so I know
Back from beach with the fam
hope u have your best game tomorrow!! Want to see some Salsa dancing!!!!
So we can go together :)
who made the beat for DNA? Shit is good.
Tha Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay goes to... Wooddy Allen 'Midnight in Paris"
TONIGHT: Join us at Alexandria's (5-7pm) for our March Monthly Happy Hour! (Next month: 4/11 at !)
Grilled pork chops w/ Penzey's Pork Chop Seasoning, Sauteed Baby Red Potatoes and Steamed Broccoli. Oh and dinner rolls! Dinner is served
oh ik what you mean... she inspires me to be a better person! god i love her..
I always deliver nothing less than a #gamechanging experience.
Why must everything require movement + effort?
Happy Mothers Day !
Well this is awkward....#OhWell lol
You a stupid hoe! Just kidding I fucking love you birrrrrrrccchhhh! <U+2665>
What am I doing with my life?
That was the best one yet!!!!!! that was pretty cool
Follow us on Twitter for exclusive content, pics and more
Hey thanks for following us! How did you find or hear about ?
bro do you have a band behind you? how old is your group?
can't wait to read it. Make sure you get the speakers right, and who was really there :D~
What does pay for the real fans who pseudo paid for their own tickets?
The homeless is still homeless the poor is still poor yet we find billions of dollars to fund senseless wars...
Tweeps: How do I add a location to my tweets? All settings say I should be able to, but it doesn't seem to be working on my iPhone.
So much hearting!
I think im going to have a massive closet cleaning day.
Down-to-the-wire conference proposal submissions for with ... nail biting fun!
What happened at the asw show tonight???!!!!
Watching #NLIL12 right now, sessions with were good, if I do say so myself:)
I should be doing SOMETHING on Friday night. Since I'm getting up early though tomorrow, I'm going to make this time "movie time".
Enjoying a blue moon on the back patio. Slight breeze in the air = heaven
Uhm so im just sitting in my room and the whole house starting vibrating.. haha earthquake much? Everyones taking about it now >:/
the fast red fox jumped past the boring dog.
Come on down for Christmas in July tonight from 8PM-Midnight! $500 cash giveaways, Ugly Sweater Contest, and $5 Snow Cone Bombs!
I am waiting for the shuttle but last night Adobe threw an amazing party. Food everywhere performers, music and a great crowd.
Say word
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
I shoulda just not tweeted about the game cause you know as soon as I did Syracuse scored 7 unanswered
Great eat
forgot my lunch and debit card today. but at least my work has free cake for my cakes day
Recipe for success = successipe
congrats on your new baby boy! your bands music has changed my life :) best of wishes to your new family!
Im glad i got my bestfriend back
We're not doing floor seats, lol. Thanks. Are you no longer coming to NYC?
Funerals never get any easier
thank you!!!!
solid game. I got respect for IU but UK is just too much. #BOOYAHH you vag bag
I'm now writing/blogging under 3 different Twitter aliases ; I've become Sybil
I didn't think I'd need to wear sunblock to the park. I was wrong.
Get ready for my new single, PH "No Better" ft studio preview tomorrow!
Have to keep turning the volume up on my tv because the howling wind is so damn loud out there! Winter has definitely arrived in NY!
Still down for me too...garrrr...
please follow me! <3333
I've been thinking about Zen a lot lately, so that scene hit home for me too. Terrific movie, thanks for the tweet.
RT : "Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen." ~Michael Jordan
I could call all anime fans hateful bigots because of my experience with a few, but I don't
- Keep your head up! ((: ALL your fans love you so much! Including me! And thats like...Infinity fans. <3 were here for yah.
leave me out
RT : See for updates on the two USC students fatally shot this morning. Here is latest DT story:...
Hunger Games the book, pretty damn cool. Hunger Games the movie, made for fools.
do you play zombies?
#FF An incredibly witty and talented writer
Oh fuck, people here wanna talk to me too...
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes! I really appreciate it and miss you all!
That was a highlight in my daily reading. I suspect Dale Carnegie would not approve! ;-)
France Unemployment Near 10% Fueled by Laws Election Omits: Jobs - San Francisco Chronicle
Thanks! It's a beautiful day in L.A. I hope you're enjoying your Saturday too. :-)
I'm 12! A 7th Grader :P
I hate tax season ads almost as much as I hate election season ads.
Easy choice: incredible neighborhood!
The #JavaCookieShake from #JackInTheBox is to BOMB!!!
I was told the $8.75 was for Guinness and Corona only.
i bet you are
tweet us today!!
won't there be a long line? sorry for asking too much, its my first concert lol :)
champagne and scallop oyster pancakes? Yum.
LOVE. THIS.
You "tweet" more than anyone I know... You coming over for pre-game?
Just saw the supermoon its shining bright right now.
Not a great way to attract #Packer fans to your bar to watch the game! Hopefully there are enough Bears fans to go there!
Study Study Study Study Study Study Study Study Study Study Study Study Study Study Study Study Study Study StudyStudy Study Study Sleep :D
Good morning
We discuss US / Mecxico, Usain Bolt setting record in IAAF, Vick, Pitino, Kurt Angle, Baseball, Racing, Footy, Carolina Hurricanes rap song,
Someone on ebay was selling a factory sealed copy of Breath Of Fire 2 for $900. I'd be lying if i didn't think about it :D
Completion of iPhone application with Google chrome plugin to sync it google doc
That fried alligator at Pappadeauxs be on point.
2012 film watching! #48. June 17th, 1994 (Morgen, 2011). Documentary taking a look at June 17th's history on the sporting world.
I just met my doppleganger and he flipped me the bird.
yes they do. Not that different, but cultural differences
it was mad cops out there
yea Jr that is the match of the century!
Lost luggage :(
Ford's ambitious strategy calls for it to make a quarter of its vehicles run at least partly on electricity in the coming decade
Survived first day back at work after a two week vacation. Feeling pretty darn happy, actually. :-)
Success is the progressive realization of predetermined, worthwhile, personal goals
": Seeing "With a Bang" at the Phoenix Theatre. Thanks !" #indystage anytime, cuz its awesome!
Just remaining quietly in the presence of God, listening to Him, being attentive to Him, requires a lot of courage and know-how. Thomas M
My mom is literally a part of me. You can't say that about many people except relatives, and organ donors. ~Carrie Latet
great lesson in anything being possible. :-)
I wonder if you can die from hiccups...?
nope , borrows from facilities. It may be ...misplaced though.
My friend can help! He's a magician here in LA & I'd be glad 2 get you in touch :) RT : Can anyone help me go to the magic castle?
“: Just followed as an homage to #legend” Me too!
Susan Derwin has a class specifically for beginners, Thursdays 6:15pm & Alycia Saturdays 9:00am! Both perfect for beginners!
never call your mom and ask for alcohol -____-
Doc Rivers looks pissed....smh I know I would be Celtics WTF happened.....
Anyone know what do you reccommend me get my taxes at like H&R Block, Jackson Hewiet, or idk.
Quincy Jones on O, didn't realize his idea was making TheColorPurple into a movie, stillnot over the bassline in Thriller...pisces genius!!
so sorry to hear that love! We will be praying for you! Remember that ur better than that and will make it through!
uh prob leaving at 6 or around then. U? It's at 630 right?
to summarize what I just watched is impossible. Man City showed extreme adversity to score two goals and win a title that was slipping away
Super tired
Writin new #music for the studio tomorrow!!!
RT : Waiting on the the Republican rebuttal to the halftime show.
BTW, curious, your team's out of it, so who you root, root, rootin' for in the post season?
They coulda fit a Frankenstein into that dumb Twilight story. Some of us aren't fruity vampires OR werewolves. I'm a
“Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone
the government's not trying to charge more for light bulbs, the George W. signed bill wants us to use less electricity.
Excited for the Ableton Production Workshop today! Get my learn on!
Can I get an I love you pic?<3
Doing laundry.....smdh!
hahahaha...I was timing you, B! Lol
@ the Library: My water bottle leaked in my bag soaking everything even me, thru my coat & sweater. That was one wet bus ride to work.
I only agree that the interest rate should stay the same. Part of the tuition problem is public funding for for-profit schools.
Are they REALLY talking through Dionne W. talking???? What the....
So much for always being there for me.
Don't forget that Pizza Shuttle delivers late! We deliver until 4am on Fridays and Saturdays!
Could you explain what this means? :P RT : "If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." - Einstein
I've largely stopped reading emails during the day...
Memphis weather <<
Oh, I ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEE you will never see the Astros in last place in the NL Central again after this season. EVER!!!
"It's the fucking meesy mice! I swear!"
Was never able to comment on RTs via Mac OS but thanks to my Fire and Tweetcaster I can now
Everybody watch #WTAE tonight for the news on channel 4... there's a story that involves me
i think im getting very addicted to pinterest!
just not gonna eat anything from now on maybe that will change the mumbers
this is so CRAZY! i just saw you(: BRB while i get myself together.
I would love to tweet right now but I'm too busy screaming watching #Final Four championship game! Kentucky is just too strong.
I want to retake my photo!!! It looks like a flippin' mugshot -_-
ah I see! He has sleep apnea and got a C-Pap. It was so bad that he quit breathing & they woke him up & said "go home".
Robert Peel's policemen were called bobbies because their employer was named Robert.
I totally take back all those times I didn't want to nap when I was younger.
got it. I've alerted our programming department, thank you for the heads up.
I bet my fellow patrons are super enthused by my tv selection... Most annoying episode of #FamilyGuy ever - surfin' bird
MTV TRUE LIFE "I Got My Ass Beat" | "it's only twitter" ...til someone gets their ass beat, recorded & end up on worldstar.
Excuse me, goodmorning twitter
baby :3 yeah, i fell into the peer pressure lol
I feel like death right now. Fuck my life.
had a great lunch date with my love now if only I could get in a quick nap in before my home visits
i think that was the best trailer
Starting about now: workshop on Collective Scholarship in Digital Contexts #scms12 St. James room.
they did? Mine still works.
vancouver market this mornin'
You're welcome. Be sure to tweet us about your acting stuff.
We know eachother like we jhave spent eternity together.We are going to spend eternity together.I love you like no other.
I got your book and can't put it down. The best pro wrestling book I have ever read. Thanks for being so open about your career.
What's the command for hat trick again? :)
Proposal: News orgs abandon the word 'hyperlocal' in favor of just 'local.' We can even say 'localism' if we want to sound innovative.
I haven't cried over someone so much in my life. I hope we get to meet again someday. I seriously feel like I met my soulmate.
Me and my spelling skills. Haha I need a to help me with that proplem. ;)
I can mash potato. I can do the twist.
I just realized, I never sign on here...I need to do that more often
I got an iphone <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> that's all. lmao RT : JayR loved me when i had a blackberry idk what happened
Indy cars, never watch any more but sad news,
shoutout for me please
Such a great pick up! Two discs of awesome!
The food channel has great programing for quick and easy dishes. TWEET YOUR RECIPES Paula Deen
Rwanda Coko Coffee in the siphon this morning... So good... tons of sweetness.
RT RT : Im ready to get off work n ain even there yet--Lazy! ««i can feel that way all i want! Lol i work 40 a week!
Damn im ready 2 go home
Great time with great friends at dinner last night. Now...opening Scotland Yard Pub on Sun for the first time at 4pm.
I get cutting your finger...but banging your nose and stubbing your toe?
Trying to watch a movie
love you and all but hush
Teaching with video content? May want to check out for discussion on open policies and practices. (Thnx to for link!)
Doesn't my cat know I can't type notes for #preslps if she's being so cute and laying in my lap?
brilliant as usual
RT this so it can trend until sees it or until he tweets something about it ohkay?
Who cares who's on Chelsea Clinton's wedding guest list? Or what kind of cake she'll have? Or what her mother in law's lover will wear? Gag!
Applied for two positions already. That's great for pre-9am, right?
Somewhere in MI, there is a republican voting who is wondering how that Southpark episode with the douche and turd sandwich became reality
Sounds like an awesome mommy moment! Kids w/ #foodallergy are deprived enough - sometimes a special treat is warranted!
these are the times where i hate facebook.
#thirdwednesday! Each month we & pick a local charity to donate proceeds to. Today is Fill your belly for a good cause!
This May, we're celebrating Food Drive Fridays! When our diners bring in canned foods, we're donating them to !
Tostada with strawberry soda >>
We hope you enjoy it!
I hope I can flow the story.
Stephen Adley Guirgis' writing is the truth! Having fun rehearsing Our Lady of 121st Street
Love it when our dev guys just gets shit done! very happy today
I still have a serious crush on janet jackson
Girl shut yo mouth! (In Coach Dickson voice) You know I love you.. :]
no kidding! There was a 3rd one too...What's that last one? Let's see...Pawlenty, Bachmann, & um....I don't...I can't...oops!
I promise I was supposed to be born in a different time, I have thought that since I was young. I'm not made for this.
um that's what everyone says till they find out cost of living etc
Struggling homeowners, if you are facing #foreclosure, let us educate you on how a #shortsale can help! www.chicagoshortsalegroup.com
5/21 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Ray Ellin
skeet skeet
Skinny girls run the world because fat girls don't run.
Early game tonight 5 PM. Leaving work straight to game. Getting pumped to old school as usual "Fat Boys Are Back". Hell Yeah
What was your favorite CMJ show??
#FinanceFriday Securities aren't always what they sound like...but neither are Risks.
It's raining cats + dogs/web managers+social media managers outside the hotel!
please don't :)
Initially sounded like city would definitely appeal arbitrator's decision to reinstate Officer Frashour. Now Mayor is "studying" options.
Today is mother's day, but every weekend is non-mother's day.
Nice anticipation call by uk ref
Ill throw 10 down but I be ballin on xbox tho
Pretty cool that Adm Mullen is in the fail whale posse.
good morning world
I think works for the Department of Redundancy Department.
Then yes, by all means, we must not let that happen.
I've got 70 followers? Wow! Who knew! Anyway, I played duo last nite w/Sean Gough. Damn, it was killin', @ least 4 me. I'm gettin' betta.
i wish i lived in England
We're back at 'em on Good Day Oregon this morning. Catch Debra Gil and me from 7:00-9:00 AM! I'll have your latest forecast.
follow back? :)
I want a Magic Jack.
#mitt2012 Yes because of people like u #Mitt! Properly COMPENSATE the REAL workers not CEOs, COOs, Managers etc!
Im lovin' it!:D
Thank you for your commitment to Portland and the Trailblazers!
doing good...just saw this...how is your day going?
i remember we use to talk to each other all the time... Good times
Taking a break from tweeting until someone lights a lamp. Please, God, let it be Boston.
RT : RT : Students don't care how much you know until they know how much you care about them.
best response from customer service so far - "we need to follow adobe policy" is the policy to NOT help me?
How is everyone doing today in the #ROC ? Dreary day today - not very much to look at today. Bring on Spring!
Are you going to start livestreams again?
When in doubt, look up
Can I send someone an ebook as a gift? Seems easy enough, but can't seem to figure it out.
Pat Zavella from ucsc: new immigration policies challenge the core of family reunification laws, tearing the social fabric.
anyone know if there is a wordpress theme that's easy to customize? especially the header picture?
I keep thinking I see you, or something I imagine looks like you, but, uh, yeah, when!? (have fun in portland)
The day Follows me :o :o :o, obdjdjnjndnd ill die.
Working on a spot for Paintball Asylum. Should be pretty epic.
Thank you:3
love the 'missing' sign, genius!
About to go through the gauntlet of decorating the gingerbread house. Sticky mess ahead!!
the guys need to come back here again ;) they promised us Chipotle and more beaches !
Bye Bye Bulls! You and
OH WAIT. Irrelevant, because the rules say that it must be this way.
aw thanks for watching and for the kind words ! Hope all is well
Chatting with the product manager for Google +. Have any questions you'd like me to ask?
What's the name of that app? Have to get it again.
Dad- "Help your mother clean the house." Me- "Can I finish my cheese first?"
The the hell is Kin Folk St.??? Lol
Successful night of development to say the least...
Otherwise things won't work...or last for that matter....but give people some space too
Awesome RT : today is perfect. why? because i have jim morrison on vinyl. so....... (-:
i dont think i will ever be everything that someone wants.
what meeting are you at???
Ya we are different but oh well...and <3 you too!
You were saying?
Health Tips: eat greens or your body will balance your pH by drawing calcium from bones and teeth!
thanks for sharing!
Crying is healthy.
he is where I get my weird side from
I'm am gonna be the first one to get a doll!!!
What do you like about the show Million Dollar Listing on Bravo?
bi(: follow me(:
#youmightbeghettoif you wear your house slippers outside.
Thanks Natalie for following us back. What are you looking to do with your degree?
In my mind I have killed you thousands of times.
What did you make? cc
RT if u see this and i <3 when u notice ur fans:)
Pulled out my old Ovation Legend to play & just strumming it makes clear why it has been my main guitar over the last 17 years... magical!
hi my name is _____ and who would I look cute with??
The Weather app on my iPhone thinks it's Saturday and 39 degrees. Last I checked, it's Wednesday and 49...
did you get the skype text I sent you..
Deer is thrown out trying to stretch a single into a double, and the Brewers can't get anything going in the 4th. 3-2 Mariners.
Thank you for the support! :D
Just flew on a 9 seated plane across the Atlantic for an hour. OMG!! Thank GOD I am on the ground. OAN, Maine is simply beautiful!!!
If people saw how I acted at home they'd probably never talk to me again<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
RareRO is currently under maintenance! please come back after 10-20mins.
how about this weekend while I'm gone?
God is in control! I am excited to see what He is going to do!
house hunting!!
Thanks, Bob! I hope you had a good one.
400 wins for Mr. March!!!
this is epic!
There is also Girl Genius for that sort of thing. But don't let that stop you from growing the empire. -G
we just got done! D:
Alien relish!!!
first day on live tv tomorrow... nervous, but extremely excited!
i think i'm being followed !
Today is the day where no one cares if you get fat! :) #happythanksgiving #fattytime!!!!
oh, well than DAM go you!!!
we will have fun this weekend ;-)
wow ridiculous. That's how one of my friends is. Always all up on man ;P
cannot wait for the race. How's that chassis gonna handle, do you think?
thanks for following me!
my mac is back online ... back to coding :)
follow back please
There are high end proprietary printers, or you can get a simple inkjet like Canon ip3600 or other Canon inkjets
real life happy hour talent community!
ya kno i just realized i got alot of pretty wen dat i followin and that r follown me shout out to all ya get at me
i called a friend & he answered confused, "wait--you're calling me on the phone. like, not typing. are you okay?"
I hate this. I just want it to end.
My diploma will make up for that $8.80 its never that serious to be stress over the less
You'll have loads of fun! Enjoy!
maybe not your childhood. But your fertilization, up for grabs. Re: tomorrows DSWS
thank you :)
Excited about the free showing of "Tapped" this afternoon starts :30
I don't think anyone should be locked in except past champions :)
Lmfao. Go to bed biotch. 'For I pimp slap the shit out of you!' Haha, I love you too Jessie x333
listen to me, you and your saggy ass jungletits can just get the fuck out of my life.
hope it can be resolved so we can start having dogfish again at our corporate events...
Great Italian food at Pepolino on West Broadway...
I'm sorry what stuffed crust pizza?
Cheers to the morning's HunterGatherer symp for staying right on schedule! Always great when things go like they should...
The Region 7 AOSII panel will begin around 10:00. We are briefing the panelists now.
solid comeback.
to bad he dropped out....man can even win his time slot let alone an election!!! #you're fired
"I sing and slappada bass in ! :D" The first time I read this in 's bio, that was when my R5 obsession started....
Gilgamesh was an honest man, Gilgamesh.
Need that manager contact young broadie. Hit me w/ a DM. Keep winning fam. peace!
Move to sunny San Diego! Coder/designers, pls see me at
How many times a week do people ask you say OMG ???
I love when Meatloaf randomly comes on my iPod... It just makes a day better
Still wondering why my 1350 hipoints couldn't be restored.
Minor Set Back for a Major Come Back !
The one in Rome is still there. The one in Long Island won't make it through 2015
I've been in a dress/skirt mode lately. Am I getting old?
happy birthday! 4/20?!? Light it up girl! Hahaha, just kidding. Have a good one!
Recommended book: Michael J. Neufeld: Von Braun - Dreamer of Space, Engineer of War (hardcover and paperback)
Sitting here at my pawpaws funeral. It's about 2 start. I hate crying!!
best sleep of my lifee tho.
2 things to live by ....Stay Hungry and Humble #Livin #
Thank You..You 2..LOVE YOU 2..
Big fan of Sessler. Super cool guy.
Well..I think imma give up. has too many people to tweet him...Well you know what.I take that back..he taught me not to(: <3
// Awesome! Thanks for the shout!
Yes, exactly. That's why I was thinking about interlocutor. It's a dialogue of a sort.
yeah, who thought we'd have girls in bikinis on the twitterfall?!!?!
If eats shit against Duke, the Occupy protesters should take up residence in his dorm room—or at least his locker.
Jose and I are already pushing for Celts-Heat!! (And we all know how good the Heat are in big games!!) I say Heat-Thunder (or Spurs).
Ya need to be on DAT " Hood General's " Holla at me I GOT CHA A FREE COPY !!!!!!!!!!!! North Memphis Alday !
dear , Hahaha, you've done well if you can make me choke on a cheeto while laughing at your tweet:P
"There's a look in your eyes, a silent cry, to be something unusual." - Wolf Gang
At Chiles Center and ready for daughter and fellow grads' big day at graduation.
Fathers do not forget that this summer the 5th weekend of the month falls on the 31st of July, meaning that you keep the kids till Aug 2nd
Am I the only one seeing the Pats winning by 2 touchies tonight?
I've always pictured you as a gangsta rapper.
Do you know the seven secrets to success. Stay tune. Post your answers now.
Someone brought me 6 pounds of gummy bears EEk!!!oh no hehee
Confusing monogamy with morality has done more to destroy the conscience of the human race than any other error.
I respect the work you did on Nolan's EP. Salute!
Try to control me... This won't end good!
lots of discovery layers for catalog - which one to use? each product has different indexing
me to can i
#signMcGee gotta keep them together.
It's going to be a busy Friday! Lots to do before the weekend.
yeah. Is it still light outside where you are?
no, no, no we make the low 50's at least. Already 46° and sunny:)
just got back from LA. Now officially living in San Jose!
I'll be presenting a concealed carry course this Sunday at Hope Rod & Gun, McFarland. 9am-1pm. Contact me if interested.
tell me how it is!! It looks very funny lol
I honestly thought Kim Kardashian & Kanye West had already dated at some point. But if they had, I guess it would be on video someplace...
good luck!!!!
100 followers! I feel special ;-)
Great shoot! Wrapping with post-sex interviews, then we've got a Business Meeting. Strong end to a good, long, hard, day. :-)
Heard at Van Gogh exhibit in Philly: "this piece is a tour de force of wit and charm". Indeed.
Any pearls of wisdom today? 'Cuz I got nothin'.
i will have to ck it out! I heart soaps! Btw...i need a vent session! We need to work that out soon plz. :-)
thanks so much !!
Can people jus keep it real?! Quit lying
ok(: So how you doing? Im fukkin bored!
does your mom HAVE to take you, or could someone else?
The cutest thing about dogs is possibly their ability to seem completely content with their confusion.
A kiss with a fist is better than none.
“: “: Mac miller a spitter” Precisely” nah
i think you are the most beautiful girl in all the world.
wats it called?
good don't ever stop listening! spread the word! and the feeling is mutual #obsessed : )
Perfect love isn't loving a perfect person, but learning to love an imperfect person perfectly.
I don't want to hear your doomsday scenarios!!!!!
I was waiting for someone to say something
On a roll like Wasabi
#tastemakersKS Very simple.Look at Apple.Great products, that work. Music= meaningful, melodic! MTV/vh1/ Radio sell ads, not music.
MT pens mind-blowing piece in upcoming re: promised time/work saving robots
Mr Cheeks is @ #Uptown tonight.. how bout that
lmao I know right?my bad ! I'm deff. Gonna text you more!
#Wholefoods in Kailua?I think im going today! #wholefoods #kailua #gluten free #organic #fresh produce #lamb #hazelnuts #pizza #egg plant
"I can accept failure, but I can't accept not trying." - Michael Jordan (not my dad, but the other MJ haha)
Why is the world against drug sellers? What is wrong when nothing is ever right? What is war, when the people never fight? It ain't hard
Wow. Apple is now worth more than Microsoft and Intel combined, $317.6 billion.
Right here getting ready to watch Lakers Lose. “: #TeamCeltics where y'all at?!”
#watching back ........ dont forget to checkout the free download link
omg I cant wait #LoosestAussieKids wohoooooooooo u rock Josh
<U+266A>Just for tonight, let's get lost<U+266A>
our mom and dad are going to be down in #Vegas soon for their 2nd year anniversary! Can they come by and pick up treat 4 us?
Attendance looks SPARSE in DC. Maybe 7500? Maybe?
Should be reading scriptures, serving someone or something more Sabbath-worthy, but I'm watching golf and superbike race instead.
Can't wait to see you tonight! RT : I am pretty excited to see the new upstairs Might hit that up tonight!
The ones that bring you home
Im having a #blondegirlmoment with this spelling thing tonight...
Never regret anything because at one time it was exactly what you wanted.
Just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to, doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have.
chance to improve chemistry
SUPER excited to be a Featured Artist 4 the Showcase in May at !! & + more !!
I am reminded how much soccer is a mental game and understanding where we were and how we got there, the mojo is missing got to find it
word of the day: surfeit (v)-to feed or supply to excess; satiate-(n) overindulgence in food or drink; the disgust caused by overindulgence
I am no different from when I was single and when I'm in a relationship, Im simply just happier and smiling more often, so shut up (:
Good god, I may actually be revising an article in a way that's useful. It's good to know I'm still able to do so!
great to meet & friends last night in line to get Draft tix. more than 1,000 fans lined up for night 1 of
r33c3: Plus, I'm tired of explaining to co-workers what the word 'librarian' *really means* in the contemporary context.
Thinking about Public Enemy's song, "by the time I get to Arizona..."
Uh jst burnt my tongue from the coffee -___-
Thank You for the compliment! GO MANU!!
trying to sit at the same table with u bro....
happy thanksgiving hamshooz!
If I don't sin, died in vain.
Congratulations on the new role..oh by the way love your cookbook,its a staple for me:)
Beware of the medical practice to alleviate symptoms. “Profits are in the treatments not the cure.” Follow me and cure conditions!
hmm..i kinda get your point. But sorry if I'm being annoying.
I know exactly how you feel.
Had lunch at a brewery in Old Town Witchita. Now making the return trip to OKC. It's been nice knowing you Kansas.
#WhyYoShoes look 2 times too big for you?
#NZWineDay begins at 7 p.m. CST ! Tune in with the live broadcast.
Other men said they have seen angels, But I have seen theeAnd thou art enough. ~ by G. Moore ~
Lurch has 7 sinks in the house. You better get started Lurch. Gonna be a long night.
Congrats goes to my "master" friend for landing a job at the Consulate General of Canada in Chi town. Way to get after it, dawg!
#Coolstorybro No, I mean really. I'm not being sarcastic... That story was pretty freaking cool. Tell it again.
Shouldn't DHoward have learned from LeBrick how to ditch a franchise? Don't tell anyone make em assume ur staying. Once season ends-bounce!
RT : In Memphis today for "Have We Overcome?: Youth and Workers Organize Our South" bringing students to reflect, learn & organize...
AOL, 1994 (or thereabouts). And now I feel very old.
Hdkdhrjehdnfnddm. I need to stop worrying
What a great throw by robinson lets go michigan
I may have to watch it once
3pt contest next, let's go team heat, JJ and Rio!
Thanks for the counteroffer... I will check you out. If I can make upto $1600 per month without sponsoring we have a deal
noo. I wanted too!! Sobad thou! Like the line for the stageback passes was so long!
just saying bye...
The response time of the DVR box for Uverse is way faster. I feel the TW system "thinks" more.
So wait, why weren't the Pixies on the Scott Pilgrim Vs. The World Soundtrack?
Sweet, Thanks!
thanks for the follow!
Ambition is priceless some thing that in your vein and i put that on my name "My Ambitions" -Wale
I love getting birthday presents early. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Quote of the Day: Do what you can, with what you have, where you are....Theodore Roosevelt
Lemieux translates “the best” in French.
Senior Fun Day tomorrow! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
What is a cynic? A man who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Holiday Special $10 off all car door unlocks & home lock picks Christmas Eve !!!
my boys said im bender off futurama lmao, cuz everytime we go out to eat i just drink beer
Tungle.Me is an online scheduling tool. Connects to Gmail, FB contacts & calendars. Super useful. introduced it to me
Today's Google doodle is just about the cutest damn thing in the world. Happy Valentine's Day, everyone! google.com
It will be Bev and Lance and perhaps PRINCESS LILY! on this Sunday! please pop in and tell us what!
Me: "Dad I want to go to a 50 cent concert." Dad: "Here is one dollar, take your sister to.
you are very welcome!
GO YOTES !!! 8 MINUTES TILL THE PUCK DROPS!
To breathe is to receive on the inhale, release, and give on the exhale. ~ Maria Carter
And shouldn't he be applauded for a quiet 30/100? Doesn't draw attention to himself. Hit well w/men on base, did all that was asked
Just took the coldest shower of all time after a decent run. Feeling like a million gucks.
Good Morning #COSrings. Its time to kick of a new week. Looks like we are starting out with a full house.
Having the stomach flu is like having the regular flu and food poisoning combined. It's terrible
When u dwn and out dont nobody trust ya,but when get bread it seem like everybody love ya.jhigh eatin good like im livin. Wit a fat hoe.
You've got some nerve.
one of my son friends got shot n the head by his girlfriend..Praying for Mike D..n the hospital n ms, stuggling for his life
your the third hot seach on google!! congrats!!
Decorating your house? This is a message from the future: don't wallpaper that ceiling.
Women just don't "get it".
Tangier, Jackie, Tito, Jermaine, Marlon, Michael, and Ray Guy
yes I know ;)
Happy Thursday!
Oh thank you!!
cool cuz imma need a pretty lady by my side ;D
- Yes. Both so powerful and sexy. You don't find passion like that everyday.
That strange feeling when you have a #MegaMillions ticket and realize you may be carrying around half a billion bucks in your pocket
#empirestateofmind #rollcall if you grind out till your time is out
Not positive Kyrie and Tristan were born the last time Michael Redd was good...
I'm ridin round wit no tunes, if I see another mf with headphones and they shit ain't broke... #Ungrateful Mf's
I Hate When People Do That
wat u head shaking about XD
Bitch you wasn't wit me shootin in the gym !
#CrewLove trend it? :')
Uw milwaukee school of continuing ed learns more about social media
Coleworld we living in, it's below freezing
A belated thank you, and right back at ya ;)
@ home with It's a netflix night for us! My movie on the flatscreen, his on the ipad! Lol!
I dressed my cat up in a ballet tutu. with a puppet hat on her head and a dress that's suppose to be a pumpkin for a dog.
Really running low in the energy department today. Hoping a good ballet class changes that!
Apparently my husband is a Packers fan today. *sigh*
Yea, that slowed me down as well...that, or words you can't really draw
Connie, thanks for following
RT : RT : There are a few spots remaining to enter the #musselbowl this Sunday. registration - 610-279-9606
LIVE! from 508 downtown, Minneapolis. www.ustream.tv/channel/djjohnnyd
interesting choice, i like his game
thanks jimmy. do you play draw something?
@ @ how can u tell me? now im mad
Young Joc's lyrics are not allowed on my TL..
the latter is quite an important skill :)
Understand what u trying to say
just trying to find out about what's been happening while I was gone(: what about you?
CHALLENGE ALERT! Take a picture with your Fit2Go bag, and you will win a FREE Fit2Go T-shirt. And, may we add, it is a great exercise...
“: Don't be stupid - how can you fall for the same lie twice?” if you really love that person, it's hella easy to fall for it
LOVED the dragonlance series! Have you read the riftwar trilogy by Raymond E. Feist?
How is it possible that I'm married to someone that doesn't know what Ravenclaw is?
burned 106 calories doing 20 minutes of "Walking, 4.0 mph, very brisk pace"
dude yes. chronically late to EVERY party. hate everything then love it 2 years later. it's science.
only if you promise to respect them in the morning.
did you guys see: RT A group of us were planning edcampatl! Happy to join forces!
Congrats and the team, tcrn.ch/qKiAXH
My life misses you...
Gotta kill fo the llama
I am tweekin' the tweets tonight, ladies and gents.
If you think knowledge is expensive, try ignorance for a while.
Got some great songs on it but I don't know the whole thing. I will dip back in on your recommendation.
anytime Bud!
I am definitely ready to be off work...Lord help me.
is talking about behind the scenes at
That's good to know. Going to skip the jelly next time...
Lol sure will just go with that (:
All designs will be printed on American Apparel and for a good price. Comfortable and thrifty!
Don't forget Throwed Thursdays every thursday at Reject Sports Bar in S.A.!!
Come to LiLLiES for all day Mon Happy Hour! $3 Drafts, $5 Rails, $6 House Wine, and half off appetizers when you buy a drink!
Miami Beach
Who let the crazy people forcing their kids to yell about Jesus into Earthday? I don't want to see fetus pictures.
you can come live in the brown house! But only brown people!
Wheels up to ohio....
and ever, amen. RT : I doubt John Edwards will be convicted, but his extreme ickiness is confirmed forever.
if ur in Miami,try Boutique on the Go or SHOP Eiphany, small businesses that treat their customers extra special.
What makes the perfect finding aid? I don't think we are going to solve it today, but we're sure going to try.
Today's intention: I will make someone glad that they came into contact with me today.
#GoTribe With the 3rd pick in the 2012 NFL Draft, the Cleveland Browns select Pronk's Donkz
Thanks for your continued support Chris! “: VOTIS ROLLEY #Baltimore ”
Caught them:):)
Please help Liam and his family! Thank you!
& so excited to start school on may 10th!!
is searching for a Project Manager with a strong Insurance/Financials background in the Madison area. Please call me at 414.203.2451 or em…
I think we can put a fork in the Tim Tebow Era of #Fantasyfootball relevance with the Manning Signing
At buffalo wild wings my favorite place!
Franchise Tax Board - We are open today, December 30, but will be closed Monday, January 2, 2011. Happy New Year.
welp she got youu beat on that one!
She called dude Jar Jar Binks!! #GleeProm is hilarious!
What a great way to start a sunday. Beach Chair, Binoculars, and Beer. Watching the walk of shame parade on Garnett....
RT Creighton beats Iowa Western CC 1-0 in the first 40 minutes. Game vs. Colorado School of Mines beginning in the next few
Yes, I'm using old templates with table after table after table.
someone talk to me im soo0o0 bored right now. any of my hockey buddies around, hit me up!!!
yes I went on Instagram and it kept saying user not found:/
It is just a matter of when it will happen
We hope you have a fabulous weekend! We can't wait to see you!
No worries. I used to think the same thing & now kind of let the "feed" wash over me. I use it to find interesting stuff as well
Lst Fri #real #estate word unscramble trespass, 2days WORD:tgypoorhap HINT:land "If had 8hrs 2 chop tree, wuld use 6 to sharpn my ax" Abe L.
you obviously didn't see the big boy weight I was lifting munchkin. Had to go
Legal experts: Boulder County violated sunshine laws with Ben Pearlman discussion
Thank you!
Thanks for the #FF!
omg you did ?! Dude, I wish I woulda known :(
Can't wait !
Don't sell your hair to a wig shop.
Only a few more days until its mine...
There's no way I'm gonna pass the AP english test tomorrow.
Yeah, introduced me to too. Great stuff!
Is it not enough that artist make all the money now they tryin to take our jobs, what the fuck is the world comin to!! #Artist becomingDj's
Congrats to client on signing a deal with the San Diego Chargers!
2 women team bringing wellness to your company, office & event
CCA releases new #education report: "#Remediation: #HigherEd's Bridge to Nowhere"
Fridays are somehow magical! LOL
Weekend Promotion: If you purchase a book online Saturday or Sunday, receive a code for 30% off any used book online on your next purchase.
Make that 2. I only use it from computer, too.
At checking out some of their newer carts.
Thanks for the mention! love the idea of your blog -- I need to learn more about African art, so I'll be reading.
If you're not following , you probably should be ;)
Had a great time at yesterday! Sry I missed you, but rest assured Suzanne did a great job showing me around :)
Dude that's awesome! About the points.... Yeah being social is good sometimes :-)
Thanks to my dude for shouting us out!
Make Los Cabos at the Legends your pre game, or post game destination tomorrow, when the KC Wizards take on the Columbus Crew!
which makes me worried... Don't know if I can take another sci-fi letdown.
so i started watching gossip girl for the very first time today on Netflix, & the shit is pretty good ^-^
Why so nasty?
Which female acoustic artist would you like to see in the Musicwood documentary, let us know & we will listen.
Cause we BOSS
Why twist my words for something simple ?!
got suspended for 2 days
Can't wait until my birthday i hope my b~day is better that last year. :-(
Yeah, that was a little over the top. Agreed.
haha, if I come, I'll sit by you! Promise! (:
The kitties, however, seem happy to have a clothes playground! :)
o really “ When I'm on oovoo or Skype I mute the Mic when I have to fart o_0”
fans are insane.
where you work Dukes?
Hoe you're as slutty as a bowling ball, you get picked up, fingered, thrown down an alley and still comes back for more.”
Apply yourself. Get all the education you can, but then, by God, do something. Don't just stand there, make it happen. ~ Lee Iacocca
haha! I spit my coke out!
God is good <U+E41D>
RT 101 G street in San Diego...rally for SoCal grocery workers
Sometimes you have to quit thinking so much...if it feels right, it probably is...so just go with it...
Yeah, can't guarantee that will taste as awesome... ;)
Wake Up With Chemistry is definitely my favorite part about Mondays :) Love my Chem girls
Interesting how every time I stop to get a room,only the presidential suite is available. Repertoire
Lol I guess noot. xD And No! I haven't really :( Lol. AND ZERRAN. MY MOM FOUND MY TWITTER AND SAID SHE MIGHT MAKE ME DELETE IT :'(
Law&Order this week was #creepy, because the Australian Heeler actually was creepy! And I love dogs. Scarier than his owner by far!
#B4USleep Don't forget 2 thank the man above 4 we are nothing with out Him! I have a lot of great ppl in my life n I thank you..
no, not yet! i should have been clearer; we anticipate uncorking the MITH wine soon, once we have tasty cheese to go with...
Security Guard: Snitch with powers. Lol.
lol they're such a pain sometimes!
Beautiful day in the upper 70s, this awesome weather continues!
send me them flyers!!
really enjoying #communityjustice2012 conference in DC so far! Hope to hear something on domestic violence courts later!
When someone says "One Direction" and you turn around if its your own name...
Football Friday #FF Coaching 5 & 6 year olds at 5 PM and pick up at 6 PM til Sun down!
actually feel bad for Lautner. He was badass in Abduction but will be remembered for Twilight
Great. RT 1st day of 2012 is off to a great start w/a glass of 08 Pousseur Syrah & some serious house cleaning
ohh, bo! Thats too bad /:, only one person has my twitter from school, the rest dont. Cant trust anybody else haha.
dang I forgot down here in the south it's Coke lol
um I put my resignation in yesterday-beat ya to the punch!
How in the world is Dan LeBatard's TV show still on the air?
People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges.
Off Work Super Early >>>>>>
Powers out in pb. Weird
DANG i 'liked' something on facebook that i didnt mean to... now i feel ugly, poor, broke down, homeless, slutty, dirty, rude and fat.
RT : The will to succeed is important, but what's more important is the will to prepare. ~Bobby Knight (via )
there's a difference! lol the thumb is in, the difference between ily & METAL is the thumb. silly goose.
I wonder if there will ever be a day that I do not hurt or am not injured... physically. Go frogs.
Lol... All day
Some of us are going to check out "9". Looks pretty good. Then its off to see Junkie Rush a little later in the evening.
The best fan of Taste&Tweet is Thx for all the support. You were there for us early on -- thanks
AP: Plot to bring down U.S.-bound airliner using a bomb around the one-year anniversary of the killing of Osama bin Laden thwarted.
Hell yeah! Hook em horns!
perks of museums!
#Likewise RT : I just wanna....show ya how much I appreciate you...
At least he might see a world series this way.
Yes it is, have a inspiring day -To your success.
time to haul ass back to the kitchen
I'm using BBM for the first time and it made me think of you! How are you?!
We're looking for someone that sounds like Fred Schneider from B 52s.
My thoughts are with everyone in Japan who the quake and Tsunami affected.
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to exchanging ideas on here. Happy branding!
My mistake for not including the hashtag #fixlists RT :
Tweet your #NBAplayoff questions to I'll answer as many as I can.
thanks for the RT!
Yes and Yes.
Wheels up RNO to LAS to IND for #afs11 - can't wait to see everyone.
I firmly believe Jar Of Hearts is the worst song of all time. Of. All. Time. Serious.
"I hate to say I told you so but..."
I absolutely Love your network!!!
new icon wipers for the Crx now I can see where I am going
#MIFF12 panelist and Miami's own & chris miller have the #1 movie in the country this weekend! great opening, congrats Phil!
it's obvious austin -___-
Matthew, sorry to hear about ur experience. Have u tried reaching out to ? They can assist right away.
"Eden Fridays" Happy Hour Lounge on tomrrw will be postponed til next Friday, May 11, due to a private event. Stay tuned 4 details
Lol Yeah Especially If its sunny Then Ill Be outside C: didnt you start your spring break already?
We have an fantastic Channel Partner deal for 2012.. Call us for details: 0844 8802010
when your down. You have hrs and hrs of your dad on tape. That is so special to have. Keep praying jay he was a great man
cheers Jason!
wow... should seriously get an award
Fail RT hell no
No worries, we'll wait for you!
That's right! :)
Couldnt be happier cats won and with
Good Night Tweeps <U+2665>
Read an article about child sexualisation. Such a troublesome trend!
I was at the beach and played volley ball. We had a great time! I just got back from my yoga class. It was hard working out I'm still myself
Thanks for checking us out!
Born for Stardem..Blessed in my Existence!!!
You are very welcome. Love you! :)
The Kingston Trio & New Christy Minstrels will be sharing the stage at the Philharmonic Center for the Arts in Naples, FL. Dec 11th @ 8pm.
We need to enable access to content whether it's being produced by us or others.
<U+2665><U+2665>Somewhere the one I wanna be with with's somebody else... God I wanna be that someone that you're with...-Nickelback<U+2665><U+2665>
Love Pacers guard George Hill - came from IUPUI. Just goes to show no matter where you attend college, you can make it to NBA.
Getting ready for booty boot camp! and I are gonna get our butts kicked again! Anyone wanna join? Girls only!
When I look at you, I see forgiveness. I see the truth. You love me for who I am. Like the stars hold the moon <3
Hey do you have any roles for someone 5'1 new to the acting scene?
how was the rodeo?!(:
Batteries finally acquired. Fires and CO will continue to not be detected upstairs again, but in a much quieter setting.
no cause I know the answer
i love you.
boutta go hit the room wat u on
: orange has been proven to stimulate the sexual organs, aid in digestion and help strengthen the immune system' BUFF STATE
90 degrees, music panels all day, psycho catwoman & transformers right outside here in Hollywood, awesome?
LoL That happens a lot. I don't even bother explaining things to anyone anymore. It's exasperating.
Pay Attention!
Kansas city still
"Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words may never hurt me." Isn't true. Words hurt. Just takes a strong you to not listen to them.
Lon Safko was our guest today, talking about social meda! The on-line system was glitched, but you can listen to the podcast and catch up!!
Here we go. Got White Sox where we want them............
“: Moment of silence, honorary 10-count for Bert Sugar. We'll miss him. #boxing”
Everything gone in the blink of an eye.
follow back?
Addicted to tattoos, itching to get a new one
Funyuns: the toothless, crystal-meth addled whore of the chip world.
And we're not done yet... RT : Thanks to all the generous employees out there! We appreciate your support.
follow me plzzz
Another special guest at the BC last night... ... Did Miss America get her wish? Coincidence? Hm
cafe centraal, old German beer hall,
let me rephrase <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><U+27A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Hi Mike, Yes, I use it when I want to travel light and it's tack sharp! My favorite go-to lens is still the 24-70mm :)
It's always a pleasure seeing you!
we can hooks it up. Just hit us back when you know what you want to find out how to get it.
Don't be hatin' the memes.
_-+.+! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
me: can i go planking at mikki d's mom: y would u wanna prank mcDonalds? the older they get the dumber
RT : Yeah....a little something called ME! - No, I brought ME! I just forgot YOU!
haha really? And he's 15? Okay he's cute. I call dibs. (;
ah! awesome! :D i got sad for a second! do you like the song? :)
Surman @ #inplay2012 - ability to view source of web pages, see how it works and remake, is primary driver of internet as a cultural force
"why is it purple?" "cuz that's some good shit"
tell me
I bet politicians skip the gym on the day of the
how nice are those facilities at vista peak? you going to be in 3a to start?
I can't stand her anymore.
I met some really cool ppl @ Sundance. Oh BTW: I just checked out your reel on YouTube... #SoAwesome! Great creds & performances
I see nigga biting #teamnosleep trademark
Rest In peace Sarah we will never forget you!!
Account API into alpha on Monday. Want to participate?
When waking up is the hardest part
Great to see Greg Steimsma get valuable time in a Celtics rout of the Heat!
Good Morning!
wow at this time? haha :) have fun love <3
It's our word of the month :) RT : Tonight's word is apparently Eye-Talian
wish I could go to sin city with u
I'm playing at #TheCoup in #Clarksville Friday upstairs, and downstairs with the #billygoats! Show on Saturday too, at
The real upset tonight is that the Twins actually won a game.
“RT : Someone should text me,tweet me”
: Will be hard for Baylor to beat Kentucky, when #iubb does it tonight.
It is! Simple, sweet, all anyone could ever hope for. You post it to someone's wall, well, that's serious. ;)
I can't believe I have to read 17 pages on diapers for tomorrow.
Thank you!
Now Tebow throws the longest pass of his career and then runs it in for another TD! Go Broncos, 13-6!
At church with babygirl
Stay tuned ... two new vendors coming !
lol gabriel that's a different Cassidy xD that's not Cassidy Saunders!
If you can't accept losing, you can't win. - Vince Lombardi
how your day so far today
Connor snodsmith is the love of my life
Wrapping up our latest animation today while also getting it translated into Spanish!
chef in philly & 2nd one in suburbs, send resume to please pute chef resume in the subject
Work hard. Play harder
I like it.
really craving some kan jam right now.
I love you, you sexy son of a bitch. No, I'm kidding. I love mama mahone. <U+2665>
Belated congrats to for move to DC to work for WashPost! Better stock up on great Tex-Mex and BBQ while you still can!
hes still doing in class exercises i guess
Well.... I feel worthless... Awesome
Just leaving the NYU Press reception for Robin Bernstein's 'Racial Innocence' -- ordered my copy and got to talk to some alums.
Hi Looks like your back!! I'm kinda back...had my wisdom teeth out yesterday!
Thomas a Kempis~ Carry the cross patiently and with perfect submission and in the end it shall carry you.
So improv, handheld cameras, location shooting, low budget. I taught a Dogme '95 class 4 yrs ago w/ some mumblecore.
I honestly can't wait for #revenge tonight! It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!<U+26A1>
are you serializing the entire book?
Lanfranconi for president!
He'll stop doing it when he hits one off a real pitcher. He will be on his ass. Grow up Cody, act like u been there.
The Chevy Sonic can go 488 miles on 1 tank! What fuels you on LONG rides? Tweet us w/ #chevyfuelsphilly & be entered to win a $100 gas card.
Thanks so much for the #ff. I'll respond when I can.
fuck you Ferny I an 5'3 okay!! So shut up!
Hey Lisa I need to get you on a track with Gloomy, can you get by tomorrow?
SAIR Atlanta Conference Attendees: Stop by the IOTA Solutions booth to learn more about Dr. Matthew V. Champagne, Former ARI Sr Research
It looks like the weather is going to be summery for the next few days maybe it is time to get a new pair of shorts
300+ top prospects for the 2012 #NFL Draft converge on Indianapolis this week for the combine. Who do you hope YOUR team will pick up?
you crazy, lol
My Heart's a Stereo, meaning I have one on the left and one on the right, and in between 'em there's a place to play your tapes.
u betta put that seat belt on and drive da speed limit
I'm always so undecided about whether to keep my hair blonde or dye it brown.
happy birthday ! :)
You pray to god to get one tweet from ur hero celebrity? oh dear lord just NO
Love shopping at #burlington!
Just started your new book - fascinating so far! Excited to hear you might speak at in #Baltimore on your US tour!
As a Buffalo sports fan this is all quite unbelievable.
I'm so sick... Someone please cure the common cold right this instant!
2pac - temptations my favorite song
Observing the smooth tact of well-dressed homie explaining to TSA the many uses a metal grinder has..beyond grinding weed.
i just loved it so much.made my heart swell
please let me know what the vet says Tracy
Omega 3s help moisturize from the inside out. Grabbed YL omega blue; took 2 doses. Cause mama doesn't have time to moisturize
I better than you AND I KNOW IT
indifferent to passion. He agreed with the writer. What is the most important are the relationships one has in this
of course most interesting will be to see what comes of it.. my gut reaction is they should be cautious w/ response, if any
LORD JESUS! they dance really perfectly for their age
And the room I booked only fits 30 people! This is an excellent problem to have. <grin> Looking for larger room.
we really do need to go out soon!
Thanks for following us! Do you use apps in speech therapy?
Looking for info on natural query language and syntactical parsers. Secret project.
This is where grinding pays off
Congratulations for winning the fantasy basketball league!
I love the outfit you have on in your icon pic! Lemme get that tshirt and those jeans! I have a similar jacket already ;)
Best signs I saw on the course today: 1. Runners make better lovers 2. Don't sh*t your pants 3. Go boogers (a little kid had that one)
That Ben C. guy is quite the charmer...
Good Morning!Waitin 4 Scotty to fix me breakfast
RT : RT : what's the best way to booze it up at home?! Just add Vodka
I wish I actually had time to make all the awesome stuff I find on
RT soundcloud.com/zedd/slamthedo… This is being released tomorrow on !!!!! Excitement-5000-pro-HD
in a half hour. tons of good music on x-mas stuff too.
I'm back at tonight at 9! Spin the wheel and I'll show you my stuffed animal.
Great day yesterday! Hung out with great people and mixer! Looking forward to a very busy weekend!
well long time no talk.!
It's Friday! What are your plans for the weekend?
test away!!
We read it in prison last fall; the rough and the deadly were immediately accessible.
OBAMA!!! Thank you!!!
I have a million musings on Coach, that may require its own blog. Designing Woman sucked after Delta Burke & Jean Smart leftz
All it takes is one person to make you want to change who you used to be and to be a better person.
the only side efwect is my contacts get all dry from the heat and spices
Bitch don't try to pass this off as sticky rice, just admit it, you forgot the oil.
Lunch with Saruh is wonderful.
Fuck you, space bar.
You eaten at Acqua in White Bear Lake? #1 restaurant on OpenTable.
I don't know what "restaurants" are trying to pull. Food tastes better without pants and they're ruining it.
Just used FaceTime with my mom... The world is going to end.
When I let go of "how it should be," I allow my mind to quiet and I feel more at peace.
Good. Better. Best. Bested.
The nation's avg. mortgage interest rates near all-time lows. 30-year FRM averaged 3.91% last week, down from 4.77% last year!
I'm so tired of people taking me for granted.
Nothing! Phsyco parents....
you are such a qT bbyqurl
Have you fulfilled your potential yet? If not now when?
New Show Coming in Feb. <U+2665> I hope yall ready to be seduced by
I feel sorry for She is really upset...
Ask and you shall receive. Now, I hope you're cheering for the mountaineers to beat the tigers?
Hey -- if you wanted to order really amazing Chinese delivery, what would you choose?
league knows BC has more years behind it than in front if it. They know it can't support revenue stream. On same page with NBA
great, thanks for the feedback. It is the promotional video for the US Premiere of NOTHING by Nic Balthazar.
Is it a coincidence that the song "Celebrate" came on as soon as and I hot into town? #dontthinkso :)
atleast we know the pacers should have won...
Tub of ice cubes please.
Good to know! I'm always on the lookout for good beer.
I just ate a really good with at Go @ yourself.
These are my #TwitterBestFriends (:
Like I told you after the Milton Bradley signing: "Sorry!" TM
Lapel Community Band Performance on Sun. 9-26 @ 3 pm. Tickets available in the box office. Adult $6 Student $3. Doors open at 2 pm.
...and our power just went out. Neat.
Let your kids Feed the Woozle. Note: 5-second rule doesn't apply. How cute is this? From & Gina Manola; review
I don't always watch college football, but when I do, it's not usually this entertaining.
10 more days of
Focused on my future
even though i cant be there since i live in narnia... YEAH! that would be awesome! have fun :)
Thanks. I am pretty bummed. Going to try again on Monday.
when are we not excited for Packer football?
TREE OF LIFE tonight and X-MEN: FIRST CLASS tomorrow morning for Jim. Seems like a good way to kick off a weekend, eh?
And thank you to the wonderful serving staff who put on the luncheon! It was delicious.
Get FREE medium drink if U mention #Twitter w/any breakfast or lunch purchase!
ahh forgot one,wasn't a crush though but
it's the first of the month. good chatting with you...kinda ;)
Mpls police chief Tim Dolan opposes Shoot First Bill saying it will make the job more dangerous
Mammoth activates and adds him to 23-man roster
No ones really tweeting much so...Helloo. ;D
At home. Beer. Movie. Bed.
Between , Concerts in the Park, and all the other rad events in town, #Sacramento has got it GOOD this summer!
nothing planned yu need to make me done hot wings Lolz
If yer dogs stare @ you while on the comp how long can you go b4 you give in to their mind control and get up?
Call me what you want, but I prefer Long John Bronze's.
The Shelby County Players will be holding auditions for the holiday production of The Best Christmas Pageant Ever Oct 10 & 11 @ 6:30pm
i love his accent
Static Demos, Cupcakes, and Hair Raising Photos! Sound like a birthday your kids may dig? Visit www.thebakken.org/birthdayparties.html !
information sent. Sorry in advance for all the messages it took to explain :)
Note to self: do NOT play tug of war with a cyclops while driving!
Happy Easter Weekend! Hope you are chilling and having a good time.
follow me here please!!!!!! :D
Just heard KStew was seen hitting LAX so she will be in NYC!
Woman reigns in her family circle, making happiness and every virtue possible, and spreading harmony and peace throughout her domain. (1850)
Dear ChDC-L list: There is no need to reply to a misdirected email with a roll call telling the entire list that the title is not yours!
I tried to figure it out once but gave up. Would try harder if I really wanted to have my music on my phone. Cheers.
SNOOKI IS PREGNANT?? the world is ending.
haha i think you have told me that before...
Saddened by how horrible women can be to each other because of their own insecurities. We should be support & empower each other.
reloaded on new train with an announced departure time of 5:20. Kinda hard now that it's 5:45, isn't it?
Abandon hope all ye who enter Cliff Shuttle.
I love getting 13 pieces when I order a 12 count chicken nuggets! Yay for chick-fil-a!
It's great man. Really like it..
that makes sense. Thanks!
Yep, because the #MahomieFamily is BIGGER! I love you so much <3. And i wait for you know them <333.
Hey guys... ya ever pop a woody when getting a physical from a female doctor?
Betty Sawyer Evans, you will always be the girl in my LIFE! I LOVE YOU MOMMY! YOU ARE THE QUEEN OF MY HEART!!!
Hair yesterday... Gone today.
Bad Habits- Destiny's Child
#Chicago’s historic Soldier Field becomes first North American NFL stadium to attain LEED Certification
Texas would drive me crazy! Not enough TREES. But I DID love 'Second-Hand Lions' :D
I have worked on my essay and graded. That means that it is tax time (groan). Love tax, but hate doing taxes.
I had the wolf in me. So did Nina.
So Carolina Rep Chair asked to predict winner other day said he wasn't good at that cause "I thought Clemson would win bowl game"
thinking about watching some of 's YouTube videos..? Sounds like a good way to spend my Friday night! (: <>
my favorite person to follow
went home this weekend to get my stuff for #cancun aka spent all my money shopping
not much, just blowin trees and watching criss angel. wbu?
Gettin the nails did :)
What movie?
chillen , hearing about how fake u is
Saw three guys doing "Arnold" presses at the gym tonight. Not one was doing them right. Has no one under 50 seen Pumping Iron?
I feel like this guy needs help. Take 's offer. Don't be stupid.
Lol what I do?
Your house.
Hey - thanks for the follow. U still in S. Africa?
Morning!! -_- You should have some Papaya for breakfast.
So wrong - "Store prices all end in 9, except Wal-Mart. Guess shoppers there can't count to 9, so they stop at 6." -
garage right now?
PS Bianchi is just upset that Urban took all the good CDs in the divorce :)
Ha!! yea but this food is losing the battle
thank you sir glad you enjoy them! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Hey everyone, the Libraries are all decorated for Valentine's Day and have out new displays of movies to get everyone in the mood for V-Day!
We’ve seen a significant increase in companies adding talent over the past 90-120 days. All of these positions are net-adds, not replacemen…
class with Brad Taylor in a few. ;)
u have by far the hottest ass, ever. I want it!!! Haha
is Danks in line for the win if the lead holds? Or is it Reed?
OMG i cant wait for movie IN 3D ahh its going to be like hes Right in front of you<3 there is a GOD!! <3 EEEP
Aaron; I live in TX. We pay a hell of a lot more for insurance than we did in Indy, and it's crappier.
Thanks...A lot(:
Guess that says something about me lol!
VOLTURE (cd release party) tonight
safe to say
Time 2 rock the A-rod jersey Mr.two Dozen
If a man should gain the whole world & have not charity...
Thx for the shout out
I think it was 8 mistakes, not deaths. Probably more deaths than 8/10000 er visits.
I'm using it to jumpstart me back into working out!
of course !! #Delena and #chair forever :D
oh my
Q1 Students need a connection to "their" world. How does it affect me? This is the question my 8th graders always want to know
A few Drake tickets were just released for tonight's show!
About to beat the shit out of my punching bag in the garage
Nice! I just have an old bottle of Chivas. The chicks in that show are great. just great...
Ha! Yeah, too true. I think I did meet both versions. I think my first encounter was in Sam's basement.
At the opening night of Forum Film Festival. Opening film #Mama Africa left the crowd excited for second feature #Lucky!
i cant believe i got sick. tf? i never get sick...i wanta go die
who IS the $LEXG/$RAYS crew? I still haven't received a single mailer on it
#rollcallnyy a. Palm Bay, FL b. gave me 1/2 day off so i could watch it (and he's a red sox fan lol) c. sure
Yeah... Good to see you too?
I "came back" a few weeks ago. I've been following you on this account for a while. 'Cause you're #awesome!
#SKC gameday the biggest game of the season so far, lets bring the power back to the east and continue our historic run
": RT ": you have a gun rack? okay." so thought of you! My little hick!"
love your background!
Archives can build media players that accommodate edge-to-edge digital scans of MP film, setting up a dynamic of format semiotics.
Hey big man can I get a retweet? Today's the anniversary of my divorce, I'd love to forget about it!
We are looking forward to reading your tweet fellow traveler :)
it's okay cause if you called me during Power Rangers...you'd get no love lol
at least you know.
Sunny Day Real Estate
My brain is spinning today. Must get the ADD under control!
Earth called. She is pissed. It's march and 85 degrees out. I'm Colorado. Time to turn on the A/C so I stop sweating. Shit.
Jim Boeheim about to join I hope they ask coach which Bestie Boy is his favorite! Or if he'd called TO 2 get Berggren in game?
So grateful to be here, to be alive, to be able, to be healthy.
Whoa!sup w/these boots? OK that's enough! RT my black ass actually blushes when u wear those boots
make your plans - THIS THURSDAY NIGHT - for THE CRASH! coming soon.....details of our upcoming V.I.P. PARTY!!!!!
Let's go Giants ;) <3 (even though everyones for saints) ;P
Tmy step-dad
WHEN ARE YOU GONNA PUT ON A THONG, GREASE YOURSELF UP, AND BEND OVER!!
How is she still on American Idol!? She's not that good!
that is so cute
u got kids?
Last year I speed walked (2:53), this year is walked 50%, jogged 50% (2:39), so pretty easy to gain 14 minutes :)
Proud of RT's today from , , , ! Lustre Found is so getting there.
...And I love superhero kids. So how do I blend an urban YA story with superpower future? Hm...maybe I just did...
I'm digging this Instagram shit. I ain't gotta tell U what it is... Nothing better then a visual. C 4 yoself
thanks for coming out.
“: Don't ya hate it when your blackberry goes really slow and u feel like punching it in the memory card !” HAHAHAHAHA!!!
A black #CafePress #tshirt with white #CCP #logo in size M to first person who #posts a #review of any of our #books on #Amazon in Oct.
wow yur really hot !!!!!
Spring has sprung. Change is in the air. Why not switch up your new favorite tea blend?
It's hot n TX but im kool azz a fan man hold up
It was great to cook for you and Madison. Thank you so much for all the nice comments.
The joy Luck Club.......gets me everytime : (
Wife and I sharing an Ichor Quad big bottle.
Ryan is a sicko
Tomorrow me and my mom are wearing all red and im wearing my , Mahone wardrobe for his birthday
Side note: lol @ Orioles fans chanting "check the standings." I mean, I know they'be been irrelevant since 1997, but its May friggin 14
client that switched to us from another provider just told me its like night and day, heaven and hell in comparison. loves us. love that!
Pundits predicting Kucinich will lose to Kaptur today. Either way, it'll be interesting to see who remains in Congress.
I'm really just waiting for that person that when I say, "I'm okay, just tired." They hold me tight and say "I know you aren't and I'm here"
I'd like $1 million of that thank you
Broken fucking hearted
Disney or dream works ?
when are you going to have direct flights to the Gold Coast?
today's reference question was about hot air ballooning
Live like each day is your last! Love like you have never been hurt before! Sing like no one is listening! Dance like no one is watching!
sorry that is just awful to hear #signdayisworse <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
LGBT Family Group Praises Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand - Broadway World
music makes the world evolve... only if you listen.
Super pumped to have sushi for dinner!!!!!! And no work tonight!!!!
Don't miss out today's showdown of WWE: SmackDown at Thomas & Mack Center, Las Vegas in a few hours. Call us now for tickets: 888-493-0004
Yup... Got an iphone!
Happy Monday ! I hope you have an awesome week - must chat soon!
please for my girls
I don't blame Joe Person necessarily, but there's a real lack of dedication. After Gantt left they clearly didn't care.
I'm gonna fly over and slap you!!!
i was thinking that i wasn't hungry for lunch, then i realized i have indian food leftovers. in which case: all of it now, please.
We agree!
Every time I hear a drake song on my iPod a shed a tear
you talkin to them ?
Hey ladies, sorry for my late response. I've been on a hiatus :) What is left of a story after Scream 1,2,3 tho? haha
My diverse college education has given me an incredible skill set for 2012; however, employers want specialized training.
Roses are red, I have a phone. Nobody texts me.. forever alone.
school is so boring i want to get out of here
Oh crap... I see what you mean... I clicked on it out of curiosity and typed in my username and PW... Let me see if I can cancel!
Leo will be playing guitar with our good friend Kristin Leigh tonight at Opening Bell in Dallas! Starts @ 7! Bring yo friends!
but its such a monumental day! I just had to tweet about it! Ha
shut up okay! Don't tell me what to do! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> I'll become a body Builder and be all buff and you will just be a stick!!
Over with the boy. Meh.
#FF Follow my new Coaching & Consulting Company!!
In Phoenix the last few days we've been seeing waxing crescent as a U instead of a backwards C. Is that normal in winter?
Visited #cabotcoop in #Vermont! Can't wait to get started on K-9 wellness project with the help of my fave #cheese peeps!!
thanks, Jan!
The only time it's acceptable to be awake this early is for setting up a #bbq smoker. Bo
$/O For The Texans Video
That's beautiful!
:D I got the fold up Wayfarers but I saw these matte Tortious shells and made MD my excuse lol
i miss the hubbie right nw
This life I'm livin I don't ever want it to end
Sad to say I didn't make it, a coworker did for her birthday
It's 11.11.11 and 11:11 o'clock in California. I'm making a wish.
We made our way up to the attic. The water was rising too quick. I was able to close the door down. And I held the door down with a stick.
This is TeErica hacking your twitter. . I love you Jordan(:
All I hear is f bombs & little girls screaming.
And now we're stealing the car,And we will drive to the stars, I will give you the moon, It's the least I can do (:
Start the conversation so I know it's real.
This decision will be talked about FOREVER from here on in the world of Baseball
Elisha Justice to Pikeville. Had a strong feeling this was happening for a while. Definitely needs to be closer to family now.
4/14/1776->Commodore Hopkins:I should be glad if you keep a good look out to see the Coast is clear before the Continental Troops embark
Yay nichole is staying, she will see how wonderful I live when they are gone,,,surviving only with almond milk and some fruit yummy
I grew up drinking #Shezan mango juice. If I could I'd definitely import it :-) And f*ck all bigots and mullahs in
Happy birthday! Hope it's a great start to a wonderful year! cc
I'm not afraid of nothing
Beavis/Butthead made a bobble head doll of himself. Seriously, dude?!
Made the best bowl of Guacamame EVER <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>. Lit the fire, time to watch The Descendants.
Each day i wonder whats going to happen to me?
u first
Having a day in which all of my suggestions are being ignored
Yay Americans! People are finally getting over themselves..
Who's up? I'm about to test some equipment on a livestream, if anyone's bored, I'll put the link up in a minute. K? K.
officially named today. Congratulations to all involved.
you guys need to get ur butts to arizona! Lol
MTV Pool Party at #UTA - Mavs Place apt. Visit our fb fan page for full details and FREE VIP wristbands.
The receivers are holding onto the ball. A good sign even if its a spring game.
Reading papers in preparation for the Modernism and Neuroscience seminar at #msa13. Looking forward to the conversation.
Could you believe that my homework assignment for tonight from the director is to watch a movie... I love what I do=)
Please follow !! [:
OMG! Dollars for Junk Cars is the best. I schedule a pick up with the company, a representative came out to my house, evaluted my car...
Had a blast hanging out!
Can I please go back to sleep. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
such fun pics! hope to finally meet you lovely ladies in person soon!
shouldn't have wrecked your old one
dr monica quartermaine
Bring back the El Camino please!
At the Dentist -_-
I don't even wanna say anything bad about Nicolette because i'll get hate...
good point
yeap..u like it?
OMG DONT FORGET!!!!!
I miss you. Simply as that.
How can you tell if a violin is out of tune? The bow is moving.
Wow. REALLY underwhelmed by the line-up this year. Good thing I didn't invest in a 3 day pass.
I'm a slow reader, plus everything is better over sunday brunch ;)
Nothing like climbing over the snow banks and falling into the street to start my morning!
Spit on a banker for me.
just hangin hey can we hang out tomorrow for the bruins game?
Test-based "reform" is rooted in perception of horribly unqualified teachers infesting r schools. So far frm truth, perversion of reality
Yes. Seamless and awesome!
People just seem to be so creative nowadays with their insults.
Anyone know if Benkovitz is open Christmas Eve? No hours on their website, and no luck with either phone #. Help!
The FHS Powercats and Alliance teammates, the NDHS Honey Badgers, win in Round One of the Finals, 77-30, to take a 1-0 lead in the match.
It was incredible! It took me a minute to even realize it was the wind.
damn... i have some tooxD
from my cell
yes indeed. I'd prob like the guy more if he said he thought leonardo was sexy. O.o hahhaha
Immature poets imitate; mature poets steal. T. S. Eliot
YOU ASS GOT THAT FROM ME
Already at Holiday destination-Hope everyone else has save travels and a very Merry Christmas
The sandwich that I just made>>>>
When you hit Richmond make sure you seek out Mamma Zu's for the best Italian food ever.
Pinterest is coo
So excited for on the show this Thurs. Tune in to On Health & Healing to hear a great discussion about Quantum Leap Thinking.
is mad handsome!! Goodnight (:
Danced so hard in class that I cut my face with my nails
Bet there are plenty of Cavaliers (of both the UVa and Chevy kind) in Nebraska
#npr #foxnews #CNN what has happened to unbiased news reporting? New idea real unbiased reporting, could ppl even handle that
I've been tweeting too much negative crap lately. Let's have some fucking fun this weekend! in StPoint tonight, MPLS tomorrow!
I think he needs snacks, too :< RT : ron paul do you need a hug
yay! Now I can watch too!
brees definitely looks good, favre on the other hand probably should have retired......
ah. All amazing! :) so beautiful
Good morning Twitter! Off to Cambridge for some estimates today. Enjoy the weather :-)
Been trying to gain youtube subscribers before I upload new clips
Fucking Rockies... what has happen to the D???
I'll check with the boss
That's gross! RT : Q3. Most unforgettable food you’ve ever had? Sardine liquor...was revolting
Death gotta be easy, cause life is hard.
yeah there is no need for 18. Extra games overseas games? I really don't care for any of that.
Hey Alex!
I just got the coolest $1 coin! Abe!
had fun unpacking new bee keeping supplies at Ford Rouge today. Don't think I should run the honey extractor in my office though...
need a contact number to book you and lady asap
Thanks John!!
just do it ;)
good find! although even then, media seemed to miss like 95% of the story...always the "heart of darkness" stereotype.
You treated her like crap. Now your on to the next one. What a player you are. What a baby. Cowboy.
You have the freedom to choose between a variety of graphic headers, of which you can choose at your discretion.
#NF - recommend from is good for me
It's 5am and I'm watching Borat.....
watching 'the professor' play a solo on letterman. never disappoints...
Mass exodus from Manhattan to Yankee Stadium
And a good morning to you! Wishing you a wonderful Thusday :)
where do you play #racquetball at?
RT Send prayer request to ! God is Love.
Hope to finish polishing "Blood of Angels"this week. Sunny out, but I want to work. Still, I appreciate the sunshine.
I appreciate those who appreciate me but excuse my bad habits an mannerisms
What number? Does this have something to do with a videogame? I don't like those much. They promote violence and beards on men.
How sad.
What Austin looks for: 1. Personality 2. Humor 3. Smile Me too Austin, we're meant to be.
Just finished day 1 of marathon new faculty orientation...but they do cram a ton of information into a short amount of space.
please just click the follow button it will mean alot i love you(:<3
An ex is an ex for a reason!!!!!
bout to put in Field of Dreams. As much as I love A Walk To Remember I gotta go with Kevin Costner tonight
Lizzy Rapp Bauer, Jewish domestic servant in 1930's UK, on learning ropes of English cuisine (giant roasts, savory pies)....
I just want to eat all the food I'm seeing on Tumblr right now.
That awkward when you already said "moment" in your head before you even read it...
RT Thank you. Will look for to Shulman's photos on your website and watch Visual Acoustics when it comes.. Nov 6th
says what it does about wade phillips.
Make sure you all get out there and eat! Last week of restaurant week!
Hi ya fellow "geek"
Go Pack Go!!
State of Denial, State of Confusion, State of Delusion, etc.
why don't you just shove a bobble head of bertuzzi up your vag
Lol , I can't see it right now (:
Best of luck to the Social Media Mkt Mini-MBA class tonight. #RutgersCMD. It was a pleasure.
it's later! When will Get $.
Yo!.. i wanna be in it :p
I had a cheezit thrown at me earlier today. Middle school girls can be so cruel
so excited! I can't wait. I will enjoy every second. I have that nervous feeling right now.
FACEBOOK IS DOWN EVERYBODY PANIC
I repeat my last question--I've never heard of Creative Cloud! I feel so behind all the time!!
Waiting to board to go to Cali
Just saw a Raccoon outside. Didn't know they had those in Whitehaven.
whats your next period?
Anyone know of there's gonna be a second simpsons movie?
Saw Daek Shadows. Will see The Avengers Tuesday. Shadows was GREAT. Perfect fun and style I was looking for. I never watched TV series BTW.
why did I laugh at that for 20 minutes?
that's good... That just means u been gettin it
I got my #Anticipation2our tickets who got theirs ill be in oakland
In Brazil he will also be conducting a Military and Law Enforcement Seminar
I pray you were blessed last night during our kick-off celebration of the life, death and resurrection of Jesus Christ!
definitely! But for the avg person, even kids, if you stop people from looking at your data, photos, messages, it's good.
Love my ipad, any #slpeeps would, wish I could give one to all i know, enter the giveaways
DO IT BIG PIMPIN!!!
Don't tell me crap about my bestfriend and expect me not to tell her.
"Come on I'm Dean, and my hands are so clean. At this moment, I am stapling" -- literally just sang that to myself as I stapled things
these boys saving so many hoes they should be a hero
I have to say I REALLY missed up in this bitch. I'm glad he's back in action & ready to take over the world one step at a time
Happiness !! yeah yeah
you don't think that applied scientific knowledge goes into the selling of books? Hm.
Tell me when and what time :)
Ridiculous lines to see The Avengers. Ugh!
Yatchs yatchs yatchs going like a wild man with . I love reality dreaming.
that is my shit!!!
Global Household Appliances Industry
A long time ago I got my first PC. It was an Apple MacIntosh SE. I owe Steve Jobs a debt of gratitude for that little pc. I wish him well.
law and Order SVU** (LOVE IT)
Wow!! So pissed right now words can't even explain i swear!!!:/ i just wish he could understand. . .
How much like prostitutes do these politicians feel with their billionaire patrons always leaving money on the nightstand?
The early bird gets the ... (coffee?)
I love all da movies ur in u crack me up
Why so many cops put today?! It's not quota time yet.
I've actually got some energy this morning! YAY
YES! Plans are getting under way for a COLORADO BEER GARDEN at the fair this year! Local brews galore - and lower beer prices! WOOT!
"I don't give a flying fuck or a rolling rim job what you or anyone else thinks of me." -Sara Rue as Gypsy 83
RT SarahPalinUSA: “Commonsense Conservatives & lovers of America: ‘Don’t Retreat, Instead – RELOAD!’| Really, Sarah? Really? Crosshairs...
We think so too! Glad to hear that our coffee holds its own against the best of them.
Tonight at in the MIX : HipHop//REGGAETON//Top40 For VIP Reservations or Guest List "TEXT" 503.258.7335
Welcome to Twitter, UVA early Americanist !
where u watchin the game at hoe
Lockout over!
Let's get fit for daytona beach spring break baby follow me
Nice night!
Charge that shit to the game LMAO!
Follow :Back
I think I may be too sensitive. I've got more empathy than the Greenpeace Women's Choir.
whats going on twitter
It should say ZD <3 JV RT : I want a custom license plate but idk what I want it to say... decisions decisions.
Newt Gingrich is a joke!
Is it true? The king of pop is dead? Rip Michael.
that is too cold! Wow! Y'all try to stay warm! How does like the snow? Does he wear a lil jacket outside? ;)
I think I'd actually prefer the last one.
haha yo tonto? You started it. Well maybe not homeboy...more like facebook acquaintance XD
Today in 1878: The American Bar Association was founded in Saratoga Springs, NY, by lawyers from 21 different states.
Sounds like you've been there.
Stupid is my enemy stupid hoes is so whack hahaha lol gtta love it
We'll be inside the Brown Center for The Vigil tomorrow night due to weather. Jerk & curry plates from Kader's to keep you toasty.
It's snowing in Portland!
OMG u guys sold out MSG i just went on ticketmastr it told meRETRY
It's Political Tuesday on #bizasiaamerica: a Russian flip-flop at the top, a VP on the run and some twisting in Israel. 9pm EST, 9am Beijing
Headed to Kissimmee for the Yankees game! Should be a great day for baseball!
Homework & then sleepy time <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> I'm still a baby I need my sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
The nocturnal #cat crazies are natural exercise time. Encourage it with danglers/feather wands to focus energy.
You could still spend 10minutes here every few days :p
TK website asks $79 "service charge" and travel sites don't. And the call center quoted a price $300 more. makes no sense!
The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure you seek. ~ Joseph Campbell -- Share Awakening ()
Avon Golf 2012
wow! Haven't laughed this hard since H.S. is the one of the funniest man Alive!
I concur. will be our dance off representative, and because we voted she's now an elected official as well!
um, two day slumber party is what that sounds like.
is this a bridal party or bachelorette? idk what i'm doing hahaha
Bring your performance skills to the stage TONIGHT during Open Mic from 8pm onwards!
When you mention a just deployed bug to the developer, you don't really want to hear "Yeah, I noticed that."
u know what is still pretty easy 2 do when u have a twisted ankle? chewing on a bone. that's what.
will do
I've read Mitt Romney will have some shameful words for the people of NC. Something to do with only allowing one wife.
Shit gets real
If you're in the SF Bay Area, come see me sing some harmonies tonight with Sugar Candy Mountain at in the Mission District.
of course, now I'm all environment conscious, so I'm pushing for innovation in transportation.
back please? ;)
REALLY!?!? Wow, I'm pissed.
It sucks knowing I will never be as pretty as her for you /:
We're looking for Left Milk beer. Does anyone know where we can buy some? Glug glug Thx.
Ok just ate dinner at Little Buddha next to members of Pavement. But that's not as cool as running into KS peeps
My sister Amy will be playing a saxophone in the New Years Parade / London England this Sunday Go AMY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You tell Stephen A. Smith that I said he can laugh all he wants but the Spurs are the better team this year.
I try to be honest with you, and you start blowing up. I thought you trusted me...?
Agreed. Sometimes digging in the sand is just as productive as building a sandcastle.
Put on your dancing shoes....
Looks like I'm doing the ”stomach bug diet.” Just in time for 's wedding.
Gender-responsive = strengths based, trauma informed, culturally competent, & relational.
Bad at bat for Gomez,, cant be driving it to warning track with runner on second and one out
& Thnx for the shout out. Much appreciated & right back at ya.
Austin makes us smile. <U+2665>
#WorkSmarterNotHarder RT : the early bird gets the worm
beautiful day in LA to.... #gym and #work?
I'm done eating
Love it! Which color? Wouldn't you know my dear sister got me the sparkly red ones for Mother's Day? *swoon*
Awesome! You'll bring incredible energy to the Start Small, Win Big challenge!
$500 seems a little excessive!
Sammi....hit below the belt!!! Everything is fair....
Just got word the 1d tickets have arrived. Is this real life?!
Can't change the truth ,But the truth can change u..
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.
Another Great day, Weather is perfect outside cloudy and cool with a little bit of drizzle. lots to do this week, good things are on the way
Day 1 on Raw Detox Diet! No meat, no dairy, all good.
Pretty sure some virus has wiped out more than half of our office
Some kids need to grow up and take responsibility for themselves. Mommy and daddy won't always be there to do everything for you.
The ferry wasn't bad, but with the cost of it and the hotel stay added to the flight, price was not far off from flight to Vic
Current interests:
who's Bad!?
Good morning to all of u friends god will give u favor peace joy prosperity..when u put him first in ur life who woulnd!!!
I will always put my friends before any guy. Ever.
Did you get some rest and relaxation this weekend?
Passports are tricky little guys.
I was following her but she didn't follow back and she didn't help me gain lol
I've been wanting to ck out renegard art fair in SF ... not worth it? Too weird? Not weird enough? ;)
prices start 30-60 on cuts with design
Fight in the shade
QoTD: "You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life." (Winston Churchill)
WHAT DO U MEAN OBVIOUSLY?
my nerves are so high my hand is shaking when I try to draw.
| Call me directly at 218-8256 in between pizza's! :-)
Boy , You're fucked up ~
if it were twenty years ago, i'd be in serious trouble.
or just getting to the point...
What sounds good for lunch? A Turkey on White or Sweet Onion Chicken Teriyaki on Wheat from SUBWAY.
Try the Garden Panini : hummus, spinach, cucumber, artichoke, grilled eggplant & roasted red pepper on a ciabatta roll!
Nite twitter world :)
I'm LA all day my dude!! Just left LA Live
turns out if u click your heels twice your actually end up in my house cleaning, making me breakfast and then buying me lots of presents.
He chiseled it out of West Virginia coal, and had it turned into a diamond.
that's insane!
Last day to follow us for chance to win $50 gas card! Winner named 11/1. Double your chances to win & "LIke" us on Facebook.
No show tonight!!! $4 sabbaths (black butte porter and spire cider)! Party.
RT : i'll move into a/glass house just to throw rocks,i/embrace the danger/
follow back? ;D
Finished dancing my ass off in my room with my music on! Gettin my moves ready for band banquet! ^_^
RT Diet Mountain Dew you are made for me.
you are
see you there! I am at orientation as I type!
If we want to make wise decisions, we will look beneath the surface and ask some key questions.
Cain affirms that the harassment charges are baseless. He’s never even paid for sex. Partly because of his “30 minutes or its free policy”
It's April which means it's fair game for online bathing suit shopping #fridayinmyhometown #orchidboutique is my first stop.
tyler just called crystal lesbian. lmao..
thanks for the idea! what were the results?
TGIF! And a special 'thank you' to for helping with our upcoming contest!
Come on zipper follow me even though pesca doesn't RT : My friend follows one person, me. "twitter is useless & boring"
Thanks, Ryan! That's our #1 too! On a different note, this tweet reminds us that we still owe you an email!
I know all my Love bugs and Teddy bears are following :)
": To most #Capricorn's love & sex go together & are meant to last a lifetime."
same here. Always felt safe with my parents.
RT : Being a frequent flyer means there is a load of carbon consumption I could never pay back...
Damn, I got all excited and thought the real Fat Boys showed up to beat box around the office.
I'm. Laughing. Out. Loud. And really want a root beer float now ....
I don't even know who that is.... hahaha
#GoodLuckEleanor I wish you the best in your exam
Word homie.....I'm going to slide through for sure.....
lol shid how can I forget
UGH, I finally decided on how I wanna get my haircut and mom goes on about how I'm gonna hate it...
come on cnet u gotta do better. I just read the article regarding texting while walking. A bit different than on ur site
long time-ish no tweet. that's a lie. haha okay so just fell in love with #onedirection all over again!
wow we have time travelers. Hugo on sell on ebay. Crazy.
hi Rob! I do try ;) what are your wants/needs? You might check out Apollo for integrated project & contact management, it's nice!
Chuck Wicks will be at the 99.9 Gator Country FREE Spring Concert Series at the Jacksonville Landing March 11th.
yeah . fine too babe (: uhh I'm going w my guy . How bout you darl ? <3
If i ever cme back to tx i wil go to SA n stand in front of ur hze n smile all the tme cuz thts were we grew up together have a safe trip(:
Anyone else think that YouTube is saving the Music Video?
Enjoying a nice, fruity Ethiopian Yirgacheffe Cafe - nice work on this one !
RT : You don't want to know how much traffic we are getting on Storify right now. This is insane. Fantastic job to keep servers up.
team Razor! Cause who doesn't like a little danger? ;)
Thank you! It was yesterday.
can you translate mesmo so video in english for me..i love the song but i dont understand the lyrics...:)
lol it was well worth the good time! Can't wait to see you guys again in January
Blessed are those who give without remembering. And blessed are those who take without forgetting. ~Bernard Meltzer
John, Thanks for the follow. We enjoy the Magazine and reference articles consistently. Looking forward to Sharing!
lauren I honestly want to cry.... I'm not positive, but I'm like 75% sure </3
This place depresses me
I think I'm going to get a haircut tomorrow.
sounds like a good time. Well do a premiere when you get back to LA
That McDonalds commercial was sad :/
Yeah, the name of his business is rather misleading. I'd rather spend my $$
I just sent peOple dm see if it's u
At venetian las vegas... Weather is perfect.. Partied at the paris the night b4. I kissed a girl, and I liked it
RT : "An eye for an eye will make the whole world blind." - M. Gandhi
YOU chocolate.
How to ruin your own day: 1) Find a funny tweeter like or 2)Pick a funny tweet of theirs. 3)Read all the replies. 4)Cry
Cycling is cool, and basketball is uncool.
everybody started yelling when they tried to back that ass up
Wow. How did that ump call him out on that pitch?!
The Silk Tie likes Jason!
Omg good, you finally finished! lolol. I'll talk to you tomorrow, bye. love you.
RT : You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him. -James D. Miles
hard to believe since I see no R bumper stickers and few GOP grassroots gearing for the election. Hit me up a Facebook friend req
We love following book people on Twitter :)
. It was great to see Dwight Ink at #aspa2012!
its the sun.. wear sun glasses.
Um soo he did not text me today blah ugh :(
oh my gosh! Me and you watch friends whenever it's in tv!!! (: and I love 80s movies and music! I love dogs too! I have 2 dogs!
Wow, I've seen more bigotry in the last few hours than I've seen in months.
Got my coffee fix!!!
Tonight we've got Justin Roeser spinning some crazy good vinyl starting @ 8PM. Come let loose and dance with us!
This is not how i want to spend my friday night snowin & me walkin outside with my slippers wet from steppin in the water, dealin with drama
I gotta have some money to do my pageants withh <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
Wow! My eldest will spend summer/fall working on wineries in France & my youngest will intern in Baltimore & study in Amman fall semester.
I need some throwing shoes, but dick's doesn't have any reasonably priced ones /:
MT : Tonight 6p CAS522 - "What to Wear" w/ Susan Callender! Learn how to land your DREAM
I'm sorry to tell you that this clearly means that your heart is full of darkness and pain. --Your Horoscope
When you give up on your dreams, you give up on yourself
We spend too much time wondering why we're not good enough but not enough time listening to the reasons why we are.
I hate when all morning you wake up like once an hour and feel like you can stay up and then once you have be awake your so tired!
HE'S MAH MAN
Retreat , If Your Hawwwwtt & You Know it :)
to say the very least! Health is one's most valuable asset after all....
ohh shit u mexican im not but i ate enchiladas like a boss c;
& some folks deserve to take a bow. I rather concentrate on those!! Encourage Greatness!!!
I shall always defer to you two on matters of strength.
Showing vulva #art to a stranger met at bar has similar effects to actually showing your vulva to someone met at a bar. Interesting.
I'm a family man... Don't ever cross that line where my family stand.
Whether you plan to bottlefeed w/ breast milk or formula,it helps to properly equip yourself w/ a supply of bottles & nipples ahead of time!
Gearing up for some great shows this weekend!! Let's go have some fun!!
that sucks!
Glad to hear you were able to keep the funding. Thanks for doing so much to benefit youth and the community!
Glad its blessed u. RT God is using ur book in a HUGE way in my life & student ministry! We need more Joshuas!
Today's Get Energized tip: Use ceiling fans as an alternative to air conditioning.
Best of luck! One of the students here is working on a social media agency. If you need any help, let us know!
Ur welcome! ": thanks a ton for the card for cooper that was really nice. Catch you at the track!"
bro, your twitter avi is busted.... #whathappened?
Bo! Bummer dude about the comics! Keep your chin up!!
It's too bad that there's not more of a collaborative culture in medicine. Family Medicine has a lot to offer to trauma.
Hello, Cher. I got you babe.
I have some stuff Friday. Let's not call it off yet though. Email me your sched fri/mon/tue and lets find something that works.
. is this getting picked up nationally at all? This a shame.
Haven't had such a good nap in years!
So glad fellow radio bud is a tweeter like & me. Need to get Kelly Craig off her trophy buns
I just love it when I click on something and it brings up something totally different.
What's your favorite restaurant and why?
P.Y.T pretty young thing <3
"Business as usual doesn't work anymore." Totally true.
Convinced that the basketball shorts I'm wearing right now could out-manage Fredi Gonzalez.
you're welcome. Did you CD make it yet?
Ladies find you ONE SOLDIER don't be a G.I HOE
Transcendent Man is worthwhile regardless of claims of being overly optimistic
Hahah heck ya!
what is the process to try to win the Buckeye tiks???
I like the new video. Very pretty!
Ever notice how Merrill hodges tie knot is ridiculously big?
Netflix rocks, sign up, it's free first month! U will love terriers Tv show, and Lillyhammer with SVZ
Muwahahaha, the transformation is complete! cc
Oh hahaha. I've seen a picture of them together a few times, but that's about it.
URBAN DICTIONARY: You wasn't with me Shooting In The Gym U did NOTHING 2 help me get 2 where I'm @ now so putur hands back into your pockets
song ideas anyone? (: tweet em if you got any requests!
Can't wait for my 4 hour marketing class in 40 minutes!! Not...
Tonight is hitting the stage at at from 730-1130 pm, this is one show you won't wanna miss so come on out!!
that's actually a great idea.
Off to Uproar Festival!
awesome. You are so good!
This chick said my ass was too big pahahaha!!! Girl f*ck you, yo flat ass and yo sagging ass titties... smh
grow up
ready for round 2, and ?
we will have to try and get a show up in your neck of the woods soon!!
its about that time for a lyrical homocide! Time ta brainstorm and zone out on this shit. Ya know how I do!
Its almost here! 24 hours until !
I Hate
I want another one of those Oreo sundaes it's hot AF too!!
lol! RT Every time I see that Samuel Jackson iPhone ad I want him to ask Siri if Marcellus Wallace looks like a bitch
Fanny on Alexander
Uh in Mississippi right now.....shit got real lbs
Wow I'm tired oh well fuck it >.<
I have no idea?
Just talked to a gregariously hilarious listener 'STREAMING YOU IN STUTTGART, GERMANY!!!" He was awesome & is coming to visit.
Sorry followers, looks like I was hacked. Please ignore any product endorsements. In fact, boycott those products!
Thank you for the fabulous follow - amazing , Fashion brands meets the best!
50 cent is life.
Monday = almost done ready for lunch nap and then hw I guess
Suggestion for NCAA: Have men's and women's final four always max 5 hours drive from each other. How great would that be?!
Agent meeting next week! Friends are the best referrals. Thanks friends! xoxo
RT : Happiness is a way of travel, not a destination. -Roy Goodman
um I think so yeah but only in front of friends that I'm close to!
Hoping you win #nextironchef! *fingers crossed*
There's the boy whose mother keeps our savior cooped up in that tiny little bottle.
nobody says galore......any more.
So today I had a hard time explaining the difference between a Chinese factory and a concentration camp. I'm obviously a good algebra tutor.
Justin,He Won't follow me and he just ignores my tweets :(
I like that you had students vote on ideas for how to improve the library! And I'm glad my idea is under consideration!
WE'RE FUCKING LOST!. Google maps to the rescue >:)
Just keep consistent and see what works. If your groups grows slowly, that's ok! Have fun with it.
So glad for this. Sometimes I think we are on reverse!
come on Bruno can I get a simple shout out? Please!
Is it inappropriate to use the term "ghettoized" to describe something that has been (wrongly) put in a limited place / role?
You can't hide passion for the game and he just exudes that! I love it! Wish D. Rose was playing but I'm a Doug Collins fan
Thanks for the memories Prince!
In the battle of Monika's dress Vs The Wind, I have to say I think the wind is winning. You're welcome 3rd street.
yess!!! Are you done with school??
you have some interesting tweets. It looks like we have some common interests and passions!
Dear Facebook u suck jk loves you but jeez stop changing :D
M gurl, you know it. ;D
Hahah that's great when the catcher moves his glove outside to get the pitch and its still called a strike....
Got a tattoo \m/
Darth Vadar was at the door??
what a slide into first! very close!
Feeling like I'm back in the Pacific Northwest with the cloudy-rainy weather
yeah yeah invented MVC and ActiveRecord :)
Wow! I'll Have Another wins #TheKentuckyDerby! What a great race!
happiness at work is key, and so often overlooked!
Clarion call for building an innovation economy in Md. from of
Shit got real in his background lol
And yet im practically just a stick :( lmao
why is it so hard to get you to follow me?
Stephen A vs Skip... Always fun.
It's 10:23pm. I have a puppy, a new shirt and a hangover.
Wow. The best play on the court, Royce White, needs a rest. That doesn't sound like the best player. He should need rest.
I need a beer skeeee!
Beautiful. Send me your email address, and I'll do the rest!
No way! That's my old playground
nobody likes you.
RT : Nick Denton: "Anonymity is at the heart of the internet and discovery of truth through the internet."
13 year olds blowing boys instead of bubbles
Listening to really loud music so i don't have time to overthink.
I thought that was a pretty decent analogy but maybe that's because I've been in too many knife fights...
ha ha, stylish!
You wanna know why iJevers hating on Austin? Cuz your giving him attention. Maybe if you'd ignore him he'd shut up... HATERS GONNA HATE.<3
OUR PRAYERS R W/ & HIS FAM 4 THEIR LOSS GOD BLESS U ALL
no trust me there's nothing to be jealous about.. I'd rather be hot than cold ngl
Excuse me I'm Sorri I rele such a lady
What? Shame on you Rutgers. Maybe pay a kid's tuition? RT RT : Snooki got paid 32k to give a speech at Rutgers.
Blushes...n jizzes n his pants at work...opps! RT : ooooweee SLURPS! :)~*
So will Cory Booker award himself a key to the city for saving his neighbor from a fire? What do you give a hero mayor? Maybe Rudy knows?
there are worse ways to go!
": And I fell on my ass lmfao"drink more beer it wont matter what you bowl
where u at
Apparently being wide awake right now means a revelation about my life.
"Love does not care to define and is never in a hurry to do so." ~Charles Du Bos
I definitely will when tommorrow when I can follow more people, twitter is being stupid lol
I have been annoying my family all day...I keep making up bunny jokes ...They are hoppy this day is over!
I don't know why Whedon fans get so huffy about the infallibility of the man's work. It's cray cray.
Doc = DR (my initials); Jazz = a style of music I aspire to play well; 4 = a very cool number :D
Industry is the soul of business and the keystone of prosperity.
The parade is downtown tomorrow morning at 9:30am... Check out www.milwaukeeparade for the route, and we hope to see you there!
past 5 mins was the scariest of my life
"It's easy to identify people who can't count to ten. They're in front of you in the supermarket express lane."
It's always me against the world.
OMG yes I can set up a Bristol tour for you we can both go on if you want! And I'll work from there for the day. Let's do it!
I really wunna go to the mall but my madre won't take me :(
NEW YORK<3 LAST TIME YOU CAME HERE I DIDNT GET A CHANCE TO GO :( PLEASE COME BACK TO NY<3
Disbelief in magic can force a poor soul into believing in government and business.
nice! I'm interviewing Pablo & Mauricio, the dude in your pic ;). Excited! ?s for them? :) :)
My 1000th tweet goes out to my prom date, , Counting down the days til the 19th (and then June 1st ;) haha!) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Happy #AdminProfessionalsDay to all our multi-talented, hard-working #admins!
where we at ?!
General Douglas MacArthur Men are governed only by serving them; the rule is without exception
Makes sense. I misread your tweet. Carry on.
#IMATS was a blast...now time for some Shows! ;-)
If my sissy takes me I will
It's not the fall that kills you; it's the sudden stop at the end.
Very cool! Scoring algorithms everywhere we turn....
I'll take stats and competition over an argument of MVPs, All-Star games and games played (when both over 1200).
Bout txt ray goodnight, nd call it a night #goodnight y'all: )
Birthday party, cheesecake, jelly bean, BOOM!!! (And I feel fine...)
The beach house I'm staying in has an elevator in it.
Romney's black man prompt is back. Maybe he had to go relieve himself. He looks like Lawrence Fishburne in the Matrix when Neo was dying.
I hate how I think so much
anyone who is exhausted and still bustin ass...boo-ya!
Does Wisconsin know that they don't have to shoot only three pointers?
I don't think I've ever seen anyone pluck a violin like is right now!!!
maybe, better ads will mean there will be fewer of them? I'm stretching, I don't think this really helps the world in any way
Finished reading 'The Hunger Games' last night. Man! I could not put that book down! Cannot wait to start the next one!
The SquE-Z- Coolest invention for your drink since ice! (pun intended)
Nothin' like a real NY "everything" bagel, and it best have salt! Gahhhh...
"O Lord Jesus " Rom. 10:9; 12b-13 "...and rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.”
ah I can't log out of twitter :o
what's going on man. Are you guys still looking for records for VALI?
#SongsIKnowOffByHeart Rocky Raccoon...I could be here all day
all late! LOL but congrats u at 829 followers now :) I have to catch up lol right!
Where are you kids going to be? I'm starving.
lmao nope I don't wanna spend my summer doing work. So it's gonna just be her there
"...conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal. Now we are engaged in a great Civil War..."
#WhatYouShouldKnowAboutMe I'm Calm and Laid back most of the time so DON'T think I don't like you OK???
Week 15: Sun. Dec. 16 @ HOME vs. Denver Broncos (1pm)
One day, I will have thousands and millions of followers. #Inspired #Motivated ..
On Air! Go to georgetownradio.com and click "Listen Live"
very cool ...some time soon I'm gonna do the same .. I want to take it to the next level ..
After a round one series win? RT : LA about to riot.
So Damn sleepy, it dont make no sense but Fuck it ima drank 2 I sleep
secrets secrets are no fun unless their shared with everyone lol ;) <3
If I can just forget about the roasted garlic, mustard, blood, and islay scotch and just focus on the comfort level these jeans have......
Living room chants! RT : I am, I am jerseyed, scarfed, and hatted up probably driving my neighbors nuts
Tommarow is friday! That maens it's the weekend! But dang, I wish this rain would GO away.
Nice day out = a lot of my students calling in "sick." Oldest one in the books, kids.
wel no 1 wanted to talk well imma take a shower
please, please do tell.
I just googled my name lol
thanks for follow me :D
When I see the Zooey Deschanel apple commercial I wish I could be professionally cute too.
man I got to say it you killed it tonight and have been growing.. can deff see it bro.. keep up the hard and good work!
RT : Weigh ins about to start. How many of you #UFC fans is this your first time?
If you don't mind me asking, who's your fave of the four?
If you call yourself ugly I assume you're fishing for compliments.
around 6 skylar dayne and the command sisters are playing and me of course:)
Does anyone know of universities w/ supplementary programs for PhDs that emphasize digital skills, interdisciplinarity, or media projects?
RT Everyone calls karma a bitch, but she always fucking with everyone, sounds like a hoe to me.
And people say the #bigten is hard to watch?
no problem.I can't help, bacause I don't have amazon kindle, so i tried to help the way I can :)
if you listen to my songs tell me what ya think good or bad i would like to hear what you say
A church should be g by what it does outside it's walls, not inside.
Must be a strong support system for faculty and students.
Thanks. Good luck on your 10x app!
Watch the film if you get a chance. He really did a wonderful job.
F#ck the Sun God!!.. Could we get a little rain? the grass is dying and it hurts to walk on bare foot.
hey , you ! yes you ! , that ATTENTION SEEKER ! , _l_
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
True! Hehehe. Also, dogs without leashes. And loads of quietude & space--both imperative for poetry editing.:-)
I am excited and I am getting ready too. Can't wait to see everyone!
ALL I WANT FORCHRISTMAS IS FOR YOU TO NOTICE ME! NSN? 7
you espresso such confidence, but is it grounded in reality?
midnight party, coo
Hey Jan thanks for following
- Oh China. Promise to re-build stolen drone secrets cheaper and re-sell to the US for a 1/3rd of the cost.
M-Mindless. I-Interesting N-Noticeable D- Decent L- Loving E-Enthusiastic S-Successful S-Sweet!! All adds up to MINDLESS
I loved on #agt, but the next two seasons' knockoffs just seem like copies to me.
needs to get online! There is nobody to talk to.
ooh la la
tv time
Resilient Soul's Health and Hair Expo was excellent!!!
People aren't going to bring me down .
I see that I'm going to have to truck myself to a quiet library to get this editing done. sheesh, how much procrastinating *can* I do?
There is nothing like a dream to create the future.
I'm a swaddling machine! I think I'm going to swaddle next!
If I Die Tomorrow, tell Austin Mahone I love him.
AKA Redneck Mimosa // “: Wine mixed with Gatorade is my recovery formula for life.”
Are you really at Nickel Nickel?
is giving us the best early Christmas present ever! #PutYourHearsUpDecember20th :D <U+2665>
well, the are destroying the red sox. cabrera and fielder putting in work!
Check out music from A.Lee Legendary on Reverbnation!
It started as "Wolf", then put "Crazy" and ended "Rabid." Someone please have with a veterinarian.
Goal FIU in the fourth minute: Di Croce lifts a ball over the keeper, brilliant cross from Uribe.
#busterolney can't get ONE player to go on the record to bash Braun? Not one? I think the quotes are fake
Live Remote Broadcast from the El Rio in the Mission District starting in 10 minutes
Enjoying my day off, and the fact that i actually don't have to go anywhere today for a change. Tired too, so maybe i'll catch a nap later.
RT : Come to tonight!!!!! Its going down. Experience church the right way.
I'm selling my Nikon D90 (body only but I could drop a lens if the offers is good). It's in great conditions.
The best way to make people remember you? Borrow money from them. U will never be forgotten
hey so i love u and i live in NYC... is there any way i cld meet u? plz . ur my idol!
Going in a circle should never be considered as moving forward
I give the \M/ horns to for being a bro :D
What's up with Hulu turning DOWN the volume on ads this week? I'm not complaining. It's a bold strategy, Let's see how it pays off for them.
“: There are about 50 #Kentucky fans at Houligan's in Daytona Beach, FL. Pretty good little turnout. #BBN #WeAreUK”
Lmao. No wrong but good one.
Thanks to for the mention. Love to hear what you think about the show!
New music coming soon !!!!!!!! In the mean time check out my joints !!!!!!!!
so what up?
Several minutes were just shaved off this show by giving the award to Woody Allen. Thank you jeebus.
you sexy ;)
Any hunch on who's the favorite? Adrian did a heckuva job getting Edgewood to the tourney.
where are you
A study showed 66% of people r afraid of either losing or being separated from their phones....sad kinda. I luv my phone being quiet
love this place..
Sometimes it's just weather messing with your car. Techs usually won't do anything unless it's on, though, in my experience
Thanks for following and and
If I could go to LA right now I'd want to go to Skylight Books in Los Feliz.
Was a good chill night tonight with , , , , , Traci, and Amanda.
How long the map feature on shown traffic in current time when searching for directions? I love it!
Safe travels to all those headed to #alamw12. See you in Anaheim.
i'm going to paint a masterpiece at the new space in #dupont tonight - can't wait
they lose by one. we lose by one. this is going to be a good series.
dang, and I'm keepin you up. Well goodnight and sweet dreams.
You #ASSume. Im actually a rational centrist with Libertarian leanings. The world is more than left and right you dolt.
“ The show is going great #kokodennisshow”
A bump, often. Persistence, always. Success, soon! Good luck!
“: Get that lightskin joint Ivy <U+E402><U+E402><U+E402><U+E402>RT : Alright I need a girl for this video shoot, any suggestions....” yea she bad!
what's your reasoning for rooting for the Giants? I'm kinda undecided still, just curious...
ERica Newland, #CDT, 1st speaker at privacy panel--new challenges: drones, monitoring TV shows you watch from stray E-M radiations
Interesting that Nicki Minaj is playing the Paramount & not Bumbershoot. She'd fit the fest's Katy Perry/Black Eyed Peas pop star hole
Luby strikes out for 2nd out, Bluff still has bases loaded in 6th, down 2-1.
ok so here's your hamburger its duble cheezburger lolol
#np what i be on
#WorstBreakUpExcuses It's not you, it's me
Honey nut Berlioz!!!
o..... Sorry wrong commentator then....
I'm redefining my coaching niche...I'm going to work with mothers and wives, especially those with an entrepreneurial spirit...
Ha! That's awesome.
i like (my world tour)
follow back ?
Wonderful decision! RT Registered for at Looking forward to some great presentations!
bahahaa i was in your lunch today but you werent there
rock If your golf game was as good as your twitter game you might break 120.
Make the most of your extra day tomorrow! Maybe you could treat your team to a Leap Day Lunch or Have a Leap Day Promotion. Enjoy!...
the winky face is actually weird, I feel really gay when I send it to people like im a pedophile or something
Who's your favourite youtuber of all time?
Doing homework with the Ray <3
did yall find land n Midland? My husband knows someone that can help! The guy is a preacher out there&knows the whole town :)
I needed a laugh tonight. Jim Hunter just said this game almost has a playoff atmosphere. HAHAHA.
1634 society learning and developing our trustees with a leadership session today
Keep your head up princess. If not, that crown will fall.
I hate my English class. The teacher acts like he doesn't know how to freaking teach <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Going to get a tan, 1st summer in years I've had a tan. As a good friend mentioned no more pasty white.
Hope the planet Earth enjoyed her day yesterday! Did you help save the Earth on April 22, 2012?
yeah, oh my gosh 1 more day
-________- When you cook me something amazing then I will do the same for you
okay sure :)
we gotta all catch up when I get back from Orlando ;)
Stanford took down Florida State 3-0 earlier this evening. Duke is now up 1-0 at the half in their match against Wake Forest
I will j rob
The Pauly D Project is the real life Entourage of 2012 finally the wait is almost over 3/29 cc:
My nanny died tonight so sad :-(
There you go, drunktweeting again.
“: Raise ur hand if you'll be at the #10Day Concert June 8th...” we got a fat sack for the GREEN room!!!
It's a fact. Since 1977, NEH challenge grants have leveraged $3.02 billion in non-federal matching funds for projects across the US.
it seems like mayor bloomberg made it illegal to be a new yorker who doesn't own either a yoga mat or a pair of lululemon pants
Going to meet up with a fired up potential new O4E Rep that wants to make a lot of money....Lets show him how
Wake n Bake
lovely little 'pep talk' w/ mother dear. #shitasianmomsay knows~
Obama is still my choice, despite all the disappointments.
I'm home now cutie <3 (;
Wow. Been a while sinve I tweeted. That was Feet Of Destiny, but it went bust.
How long does a harp stay in tune? About twenty minutes, or until someone opens the door.
"And they all lived happily whatever after."
ha ewwwwww ima put you in jail too
Its guys like u that make girls not trust men.
“: Seen the ghost again.” <--- drug side effects
Lol, no one wants to meet me(:
got cast in "THE POLITICS OF CONFLICT" filming in Feb 2011.
it's Sunday without I'm feeling suddenly bored. I suppose the real world beckons.
This trophy tour is BS. No love 4 NKY?//Too many college degrees in area to truly be part of
#bemilwaukee #gobucksgo RT : Great win! Back to The Mil another tomorrow!
If wishes come in rainbow colors, then I would send, the brightest one to say, Happy Holi
“: i would have gave up anything for you .. and now we dont even talk?.. how the f*ck did it get to that?”
Good morning friends. Up and ready for a beautiful day. God bless :)
Laughter rises out of tragedy, when you need it the most, and rewards you for your courage. -Erma Bombeck
Its the Playoffs...RT : Why is everybody about to fight?!? WTF!
Man I'm in the mood where I just wanna fuck shit up or fuck someone up. Man I need to smoke smh. Whos with me?
watching Mulan because of out little tweet session we had the other night .
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK EVERYBODY STOP & GO HIT THE FOLLOW BUTTON NOW >> ¦<U+25AC><U+25BA>¦<U+25AC><U+25BA> TOP MALE MODEL HE FOLLOWS BACK!!!
Laviolette is LIVID that Malkin did not get called for a trip about 30 second before Grossman got called for hooking.
Damn! Why so many?
Now if that dp doesn't take the wind out of the sails, I don't know what would.
Classmate: "You're gay & your Dad's a pastor?! How does that work?" Me: "Well, I fall in love w/a woman & my Dad tells me I'm going to Hell"
happy mothers day <U+E437>
yeah, a guy was trying to get home and he used stationary and falsified info. They called to verify and he got axed
"I think that all that is false may more readily be reduced to notions clear and distinct, distinct from all other notions."
#GodSon on one lol
Our rehearsal space is getting shut down by the evil landlord. Occupy Sound Asylum! Oh wait, that was the sound of nobody giving a shit.
oh, I'll be fine & doing legs again by this weekend. Just a couple days of discomfort between now & then :-)
Thx for comic. Even so, I've got to give it the college try.
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our US Reshapers! What are you doing to stay on track and be healthy this weekend?
you pat the dog. you screw in the lightbulb. and then you just go crazy:)
Anybody need GPS for their car?
yay awesome mail!
whyy does it seem like there's never enough time?!
No, you're unique!!
Happy Birthday !
Dinner tonight is fresh greens and vegetables from Dad's organic garden, and fresh home made garlic bread. Ah, this is the life.
We will go see it! :)
YUM!! MT : Marsala and Roasted Garlic Wild Boar Sausage with Bacon-Garlic Mayonnaise and Smoked Gouda Cheese
Lord forgive me this watch I bought, I know that shxt had co$t a lot.
I need that....
if you're in vegas tonite.. jazzyjeff playing at Rain inside the Palms.. Also Tarzan, Tribe Steppaz, & Chuck B @ Forte
Too tired to code, too excited to sleep. Thanks, #cocoaconf :)
he was certainly one nice specimen of the human race (:
you do dogg!
At the CES press event in nyc today, getting a peek at what gadgets we'll see at CES in january.
Keep ur heart open nd love will find a way in it <3
Have a great weekend everyone. Stay safe. Be cool to one another. Don't take any guff from those swine (Police)
I'm pushing in school tomorrow
yah I know I've been slacking /:
#SDCChiHack Best Open Source goes to GatherPeeps- so many great apps!
Things are looking up!
loveable rogues please go through :)
Tonight is going to be poppen
lol can you believe it! Lol miss you!
Nokia prepping ‘hybrid’ devices and tablets, admits it failed to adapt
STAND UP FOR WHAT YOU BELIEVE IN EVEN IF YOU STAND ALONE -support your locs
"For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the...
The new Dexter was awesome. Lookin forward to seeing which direction they take it this season
It's the Beasties for breakfast.
Bruins have forced a game 7!!!! Come on guys make us keep on believing
Faith is like electricity. You can't see it, but you can see the light.
Sitting outside Poncho Villa with &&
im listening to the radio waiting for them to play it (:
I don't need anyone who doesn't need me.
I need a vacation.
PBO - Cut deficit by $4 T? GOP - NO! PBO - Jobs bill, fix infrastructure? GOP - NO! PBO - Give 45 million health coverage? GOP - NO!
"It's time to apply the same rules from top to bottom...responsibility from everybody." TALK TO ME, OBAMA!
Interesting fact about Ayn Rand.In her senior years she collected both Social Security and Medicare.
Ah, I'm going to bed. :b I'll text you like tomorrow or something!
At least you did not have a Suzy Kolber moment!
With #TheAvengers hitting theaters exactly one month from today, we thought we'd drop you a hint about our advance screening...
RT #Huguely has pleaded not guilty to all six charges, including first-degree murder, reports
Now that I got to see a good chunk of the Brewer game (though it started 90 min into my shift) I say good night to my peeps!
Montpellier is also off to win this year's Ligue 1 title! Very good team. Enjoy your time at home Laeticia. T.
Observed on MARC: man licking crossword section of newspaper.
That moment that lets u know u made the right choice>>>>>
#Surgery Tip: Find an experienced surgeon with whom you feel comfortable.
I'm good. Could be better if our team made it to XLVI! Then I might have to change my handle, and that could be a pain. And you?
Love you bro! Thanks for the #FF!
She's cheer captain and I'm on the bleachers .!
dude dont let anyone bring u down people r just stupid, u know ur the bigger person
Thanks and - will keep you posted. Hoping to avoid last minute curve balls.
*phew*… Still trying to piece together funds in the event you find me worthy - the source of most of my immediate stress.
I understand!! And I remember my kids dad not getting that either.
I'm back on my shit
I think when your first "fight" in a relationship is over whether or not you cheat on words with friends. You're doing really good...lol
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 9
This is our situation, and the current drop in oil prices is a result of the fact that our economy is again on the downside.
Huntsman: Cites optimism of American people, ability to assimilate everyone
its early but im bouta make some fried & baked chicken for my lunch
bitter beer face
Without my iphone, I haven't listened to music as much as I used to. Not happy about that.
Where do the Red Sox and Yankees farm systems rank for prospects in relation to the other MLB teams?
And we r raised w/ Him, Death is dead-love has won-Christ has conquered; we shall reign w/ Him, 4 He lives: Christ isrisen from the dead!
I absolutely LOVE reward systems!! Great idea Ashlee Nicole :)
In sheer volume of what is written about an author, James #Joyce is second only to Shakespeare.
reading all the sweet notes people wrote me made want to cry. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> they're so cute, i love my friends. <U+2764>
Edmonton Oilers 5-1 over the Avalanche at home. Good to see Foote back on the ice.
Rule #2 Never throw out you leaves before the second brew
good seeing you tonight at the club. Let me know if you guys need help on the set!
I guess I wasn't paying attention then!
Everytime You Know I Dont Lack.......
me and will be there too yayayyyy
ANOTHER DAY IN THE LIFE OF FITNESS, BICEPS, BACK & ABS!! STAY FOCUSED STAY POSITIVE RESULTS DON'T COME OVER NIGHT!!
My taste buds can take only so much, twitter! ": made some ridiculously delicious-smelling pear/pineapple and strawberry jams."
thank you! Happy weekend!
What has been seen, cannot be unseen... But I'm sure as hell gonna try.
Dang!! You're an extreme hippie then haha, right on!!
Will there be a steerage class menu?
you just blew my mind.
what is keeping textbook companies from creating more interactive etextbooks?
Collin Ray is a freaking beast!!!
I'm annoyed by this but it made me realize the older I got, all that matters to me in a sporting contest is the RESULT. Try radio!
Pickett re: funding agencies - they are trying to direct positive disruptive change in education.
If he don't stfu with all this bull shit he talkin ..
I'm surprised the nets aren't on fire with the way this game is going. I mean at this rate we could top a HUNDRED combined points.
that link shows page is down
hey everybody i miss you all
Worked my ass off tonight
serioucly fuck you... i don't need this kinda shit from you.
Drinking: Angel's Share, @ Samuel Horne's Tavern
We agree! Thanks for your support
What the hell is non dairy creamer.
men I tryed to come n couldnt get out of bed lol
Let try a 69 just one time -_*
Agreed! RT Ignore what the competition is doing, it's already been done. Pursue what seems impossible but is how things ought to be.
Thank you!
Today I stand on top of a mountain and sing "It's the best day ever!!" Happy Wednesday Tweeps
i been legendary 7136322069 MONEYTALKSMORE i live in the city im from and i put on, dont gotta move cause im a landmark
you're a trooper!
#kids Mansion & Stable Tours at Hartwood Park, Fri, May 11 10:00a: Tour the 16th Century Tudor-design Mansion and stables. Call ahead for...
Hiya how are you Have a nice weekend xx
I also have an email that seems strange
We all know i never start worrying until about 5 hours to kickoff anyway. I predict the exact weather we had Saturday. :)
I didn't catch it. Today, I'm very busy with my side career as a mediocre email designer.
We're shooting the #Summer2012 promo videos today. Stay tuned - we'll later post some teasers!
Birthday shoutout to ! Hope you have a wonderful day!! I am blessed to call this man pastor.
Hahahahahaha great announcement!!!
Thank you for following me! I will follow you as soon as I can!
Awe I'm sorry. I hope they are okay.
Real Madrid or Bayern Munich?
I rarely use my library nowawdays but I just checked and we do have an online magazine/newspaper database. I just need
I'm sure you're torn up over it :)
“: WE ARE GOING TO BLOW UP iTUNES WHEN #BOYFRIEND IS OUT!!!!!!! #24Hours #1Day”
more like mr. Sexy_pants..
Have you read The Taste of Salt by ? Lyrical novel, meditation on the toll substance abuse takes on families.
Awww poor Chloe :(... She has freaking abs WTF??!
I'll definitely save my money, but you better believe im also going to buy a shit ton of clothes with my new job.
Really... Is there any good new music out there?
Taco City!!!
how cute robert farts LOL
"The profession of book-writing makes horse racing seem like a solid, stable business." - John Steinbeck #amwriting (oh my)
Happy birthday to Shakira. She is my starting five
That awkward moment when someone says new avi! and their picture hasn't popped up on your phone yet..
Gimli, good sir, you've taken No shave November far enough...
It's mine, but someone must have taken my Ronald Reagan mask out of there. I need it all back.
Oh haha because I know a bunch of girls in 98's because of odp and most of them are on fc Dallas
Get ready for the 20/30 Club Nite Flite event this weekend! Get your tickets asap if you have not yet...
Realizing my head phones are held together mostly by tape and a prayer tonight means I'm probably due for a new set. Again.
G.M.N.I.: When I'm fatigued or in need of strength, I find solace in my baby, Sarah Bellum. She ensures I'm never weak-minded.
We are hosting the Happy Hour Tonight, starting at 5:30pm! Please stop by #TheVault to enjoy some refreshments and ping-pong!
Would love to send it! To whom should I send it?
God we praise you on this day!
u got it!! He's awesome!
Harry is so hot!! I loved the performance it was worth the wait!
So glad I'm meeting for dinner tonight because this day is just not going my way...
Man...who u tellin! I just play mind games w/my kids, "That new movie will b on Netflicks soon. It looks better on our TV".
2012 Presidential candidate Jon Huntsman in DC next Wednesday, June 15 speaking at the Young Professionals Fundraising Dinner
everyone go follow go.. go now.... push follow
I just saw a super fat dachshund that moves like a harbor seal.
140 characters can't contain the volunteers and supporters who made #nciv1story conference happen. But thank you all!
It's hard going out with friends that have no kids... Only because they don't understand why its hard TO go out in the first place #noplans?
I mean, hello lenders, we want to spend MORE money - at least help us get rid of our condo. Such an emotionally exhausting process.
Sorry! It has many entertaining comics in it, so that's the short answer. Best as PDF. Email for more support
Aw yea! =) RT : had a great time playing in Vegas can't wait 2 comeback!
My card to the highest bidder? RT : #dsum12 a digital conference would make more sense if people could go digital
He's only been in the bottom 3 once I think, right? Should be interesting. Hasn't been a female winner since season 6.
so tired
Given how hard it is to find true simpatico b/w pw & dir., we could make a wee lab to find it.
I'm hesitant about DC movies, I'm hoping they can make better ones like the last few batmans & Flash would be interesting
if i eat 37 sliders it's cool because they're tiny, right?
Missing my babe but I'll see him tomorrow. He needed some me-time anyway.
is off to early vote today. Whomever you choose, make sure your voice is heard.
he`s my heart , my world , my EVERYTHING
Zayn! You might get pregnant and die. Just... just take some rubbers though cause you can never be too careful
shooting a quick commercial in downtown Columbus this sunday!!! 10am -3pm
Why thank you for the trophy!
I played around with his tree software (I think that is the name). Would love to explore origami and math. R u doing this?
Yes. The bubble covers most of campus, indoors and out.
Take back your online privacy. Try Safe Shepherd
no boys allowed.
# of Facebook shares...highest factor in new SEO ranking factors 2011 per
you Better:3
LOVE IT - couldn't agree more!
2 tote bags and a lunch bag! Whoop!
2 busy 2 "tweet"? Never. Just busy filling in for AC who is fishing in Canada.
We're busy baking up a storm. Plan to stop by tomorrow morning to sample some of our new muffins!
Bastard humidity gives me Phyliss Diller hair. Or #Wayne Coyne hair. Same thing.
Lmao it's some fake ahhs people in Marion fool, but aye iAint gone say nun! Cause im straight long as you dont approach me with the BS
Pizza puff and french fries for lunch
#littlemonsters follow me and I'll follow back. Paws up!
GU's own artemis kirk wraps up the presentations at this AM's meeting. now Q&A...
I was just bumping to that . .
fb me all my work is on there
cat glasses; no suit. No knife fights, but evidence of Guinness. And a classful of satire students amazed!
O. M. G. ICONic Boyz
just stick with me lol youll know
hahahahhahahah mine is to my whole body is dead
So JLo's new commercial for clothing? perfume? We did that song in #showchoir a thousand years ago! I've Got the Music in Me.
Big River tonight!
S.A. THUGS VOL.3 HOSTED BY FADE DOGG & BIG RODDY COMIN SOON...SMOKE SUM THANG BITCH...
I believe DDT causes cancer but because of lack of data, I don't know that it causes cancer, says
fair to ask what an equivalent private sector job would pay. I'd bet an analogous-sized private biz CEO would make much more.(1/2)
The holiday is about 3 weeks away RT : Hey yours is a great place for some chips and salsa
sure - today or later this week?
No more Pro Bowl? Thoughts?
10, but missing the right brow tine, coulda been a lot bigger.
Dude, I really thought that'n was gone as well...
The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.
want to be able to tweet from my website.
Who graduated the same year from the same film school as Whedon. They were classmates.
Kobe is nasty. Smh.
just finished the amazing sunrise series! Literally left be bursting with joy! Starting the bailey Flanigan series right now
I dreamed you said you would be praying for me.
Try these: Cries of Humanity, It's Not Just Me, My Hidden Manor :) They are all on facebook and reverbnation.
There are some great things in the world—you just have to search for them.
The people down the street are partying on a Tuesday
I called it 2 months ago
or mortal impulse, at that time they appeared as the counterfeit of God's man.
Skipped it. Not thrilled with prospect of seeing Charlotte Gainsbourg doing ugly things to her privates.
u not my bottom bitch no more
Are you willing to stand up for the library in the community? Do you want to kick up some noise and demand libraries in our community?
Im sleppy... i guess its nap time :)
Thanks for the RT! Happy Friday!
hehehe (: your welcome cutie(: what are you doing ?
Aww I am a big girl
You are the BOMB in so many ways, such a leader, yet a BOMB team player as well, you encourage me and I appreciate you so much!
I love sushi! Sucks ur not here
I'm finally getting allergies here. Itchy eyes the past few days, and now I can't stop sneezing. Blerg!
We gotta ball soon
Is it really MAY already? Let's get those diets in order, people! Cut one vice and see a change fast.
lmao they sent me to run a errands in the back, i wanted to say hi too... that place gets too hecticc
Biked to the beach with my babe n the kayaked all day and now for some bomb Mediterranean food ;D amazing day for sure!
Love between two people is such a precious thing. It is not a possession point blank!
U must be from London!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Our website can be translated with one click using the toolbar at the bottom of every page. Differences won't stand in the way of
404 on book signing url
So sad. RT Very sad to hear about Adrienne Rich's death - I wrote my senior thesis on her poetry and greatly admired her.
#MovieFactOfTheDay There are 1500 cuts in the film "300", and about 1300 involve some sort of visual effect.
lol thats a tad bit scary
Where is that billboard?!
Examiner: U did fine.but do u want to learn 5 simple n easy steps to parallel park? Me: Sure ... Examiner: Now u can impress ur friends :/
heck no I'm hittin up taco bell
I'm back on Twitter just to say I'm gone Oct 2nd for a year...I think >_>
Good report Wolf... keep the focus on the money!
I would go with Smith...at least he's scored lately. Bickell looks lost out there now. Just saying.
haha what do u charge
Kemp finished April with a .417 batting average to go along with 12 homers and 25 RBI.
Looking at the box score in from Wilt's 100 point game. Attendance: 4,124!
your promises they look like lies your honesty like a back that hides a knife ....
Italy! What about you?
in this common era plenty my friend.. Better watch out before your D starts Fallon off
Nick Mitzevich of the Art Gallery of South Australia. Picture: Kelly Barnes ... - The Australian
papers to run as a candidate for mayor of San Francisco as a write-in , with 16 candidates
The Indiana Pacers are so irrelevant I didn't even know they had home court advantage until I turned the game on.
Dan, I am just calling you out on defending some players who also screw up. Yes, Hawkins screwed up, but so did Loe. Team game.
I ve seen you come outside maybe 2 times in 6 months
oh your having issues with ipad? the app is glitchy on that thing.
T.G.I.F. #whewww | Im T.A.F. | Wut dat mean? | $100 to who guess it __________ | yea right | LOL
dem party of wis taking action to recall of republican senators.their careers in the balance yet they will take a knife for walker
"Earwax" IS SO an acceptable Scattergories answer to "Things Found In New York
perhaps it was dadboner himself
Time for wvu to go to the sec and be done with this realignment business
"Journalism is printing what someone else does not want printed. Everything else is public relations" - George Orwell
lovely picture, and lovely to chat with you tonight (even if it was about quote unquote serious issues).
ONE YEAR ALREADY?? wow :)
you're home, we're away!
that is a possibility. I am off on Friday.
9:30pm on a Friday Night, & I'm SO sleepy!
Why didn't you C bet?
when you get in trouble in the hallways at school for saying shit. ahaha.
Randomly thinking
Watching #TheBachelorette bc I have nothing better to do with my life
Found your web series randomly, and I have to say I very much enjoyed it and am looking forward to episode 5.
Sen. Rollie Heath arguing that the 'intervention' definition argument is beside the point.
chocolate eyes
u listen to common?
hi :D could you give me any acting/modeling tips for an upcoming actor/model?luv ya!! :D
The first police car was used in 1899 in England
no thanks...
GRAD STUDENTS - Tomorrow is the deadline for completion of incomplete work (grade I) from Spring/ Summer Sessions.
In North Carolina for a nice Thanksgiving Dinner with family - And, of course, all the dishes I am going to make! M Yum!
A special thanks to my sister and and my play brother for coming out supporting me last nite at webbers
that cake is awesome! Hope u had a cray happy birthday :D
How could I forget my boo. Happy Mother's Day young lady
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent. LMAO cx
I'm discussing the importance of transparency and information dissemination in our government.
I'll put the order in! :-) Keep an eye on the severe weather though.
Link is returning a 502
i hate school then i love it
So wishing I was on my way to Chi-town for event at #ufconfox2! Gotta babysit the GF's parents' house.
LOL, that is precisely the way to put it.
I love that song. The world doesn't know it, but Drake made that verse about me.
when will my coughing and sore throat go away??!
that's cause we rule Lil sista. LoL. Nava was a clutch pick.
no, he's not.
Hard day! I don't go to school I have free day with my friends...
You will have a very warm welcome right from the moment you walk in because you immediately belong to our family.
All weekday lunch services are now from 11am-2pm.
May is Jewish American Heritage Month. Let us celebrate the contribution of American Jews in our community and throughout the nation.
Had A Wonderful Weekend :)
look at my face -__- what do I look like lol
Just left the offices to catch a ride with were still hard at it.
some of our most iconic brands are re:imagining classic campaigns while embracing technology.
Lol ok. I don't like mayweather. I just like that fact he's friends with Justin. Lolol.
Arts & Leisure: Bethany Cosentino With New Sound on x2018;The Only Place x2019; Bethany Cosentino is no longer hiding on the new Best Coa
Yes! What do you like 2 pin? RT : if you're a fan of #pinterest watch #CNNSatrudayMorning. I just started using it. i'm hooked.
You also can't spell, so it isn't that you are drunk. You are actually stupid.
you're gonna do great !!
My two favorite teams in baseball are playing! Go reds!
Wars and elections are both too big and too small to matter in the long run
Congrats to for getting onto the blog squad. Way to go zydrewdus ilcasskus.
spending my Saturday in the ER
cuz you're gay ?
Amateur video: Shocked Costa Concordia passengers escape sinking liner
There goes the no-no. #Reyes singles to right
make that add my badges and widgets to my blog. Help greatly appreciated
Watching #NBAPlayoffs and an ad for the movie 'That's My Boy' comes on... looks like another Adam Sandler dud movie on the way.
okay im coming(:
will join for her live recording and Birthday BASH TONIGHT AT 7:30PM at Divine Faith in Atlanta
What did he say? RT : did yal see what Jordan Farmar tweeted?
The Pit does some serious tailgating at the games!
MUCH, MUCH better job by the crowd tonight. By far the loudest it has been in here.
I'm saving your tweet for life.
-|+--~ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
thanks i try *struts stuff*
it is to be expected
im not tryin to get kicked out of school and if I beat his ass like bobby he will press charges !
Walking improves my thinking. Being lost in thought while walking puts me in greater danger (oncoming cars, soakers).
and why did you put a photo of your "Instagram"? sorry, It difficult to believe in you.. :S I hope that you understand.
you should've next time we pray they bring all 14
If you want it don't stop till you get it..
anything scheduled for the east coast?
thanks! Good luck to you too! You have to let me know if you hear from him!!
you guys crack me up. It has a pee valve. Not sure if I'll use it all the time or not.
RT thurs the weekend, right?#SO to Wisconsin women running on weekdays so that they can drink all weekend
is live in Livonia with the latest on this morning's deadly crash. Tune into News10NBC at 5.
Big things happening in the world of google! Web nerds take notice!
...And I’m proud to be an American, where at least I know I’m free. And I wont forget the men who died, who gave that right to me....
Who loves Rock Band? Paradizzle's got so much Rock Band it'll make you freak right out of your pants! For shizzle!
tell her I said have a chill birthday
*tear* where is my beer?
Sexy Emma Stone, I want to date ur ass, take it how u want it...
#Mojitos after work. Hurry up please.
Damn I haven't been on here in forever
When I wake up in the morning I give thanks!!!!
anyone ever post a logline here? seems like the perfect way to practice saying the most with the least amount of words
It never really ends ;-) RT finishing ferris bueller's day off.
“: Let's all bask in the irony of Bristol Palin talking about the importance of raising a child in a traditional marriage.”
... Liking the new shirts.
#youknowwhatsannoying when you are really hungry and no energy to cook.
in a upset mood right now..gnna take a show nd then bed cuz i got work in the mornin.
sounds cool. More details on the program?
well...it's really sumthin, I have to say. I am equal parts excited and horrified. ;)
Follow Chair of who is the epitome of giving selflessly to progress the common good!
so sorry to hear that.
Good morning twitter people :)
Love Q&A sessions conference! MD- "Low Vitamin D may be linked to food allergy, less anaphylaxis in Florida" More sun & fun?
#oomf probably loved Burger King's chicken fries as much as i did...R.I.P bk chicken fries ={
hahaha okay will do!! Hahaha boy band.... XD yall crack me up! Love you guys! I'll get 'em out soon!
Wrong Joe Buck, that's a #packers TD.
Future means dealing with the Gang of Four: Google, Amazon, Apple and Facebook
maybe Roy is waiting for Seattle to get a team again!
I love me some 7 jeans!!!
Neck kisses are the best though.
you should have told me to flex or something
Calypso Cafe in Leucadia is on fire.
Hmm... Google+ doesn't believe that "Grover" is my real name. This coming from a company named "Google".
i got the oneclick app to work last week. Am downloading manager to mac later tonight.
why don't i live in the uk
Happy Birthday!! Hope it's a good one!!
General Assembly full of stupid. RT : Rep. Wanda Brown is embarrassing the entire state right now.
Thanks for your support! Check us out on facebook! facebook.com/stopthebansd
RT": I prefer socializing in the internet more than in the real life."
iPhone full of freak hoes.
I'm so bad at missing tweets. I didn't see it. I'll DM u my number. Hit me up anytime!
Tuukka looked bad on that goal, but Chara backed off too much. Chara has not looked good for a while. Bad giveaway behind the net.
I I I I Were Out!
RT : Nothing makes a woman more beautiful than the belief that she is beautiful. - Sophia Loren
NBA TRIVIA What team won the very first NBA game?
anyone else having issues with soundcloud mobile app not showing your stream from people you follow?
Virgin America is by far the best airlines I've had the pleasure of experiencing.
It's going 2 b 1 of thos ... Interesting days ...
Still confused why Sarah Palin would go on a bus tour, but refuse to announce any dates or times?
On a boat called "The Jungle Queen "
La Grange, Knights of Cydonia, Cliffs of Dover, Through the fire & Flames & one ^.^ Well i like them all.
looking Good (: <3
Thank you for the mention!
Bilbray voted to defund Planned Parenthood. will ensure ALL women can access reproductive healthcare.
I need to stop sounding like she's going to die every time I make her laugh. It's not like I can just stop being funny.
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people.
Hapy with it...amazed Glenn fell to #41...could have moved up in 3rd to get better reciever..surprised about Drayton Flo
- ahh...i caved. Just got back from an awesome bike ride through Bemis woods. It was pretty damn nice out!
doing what I do best bro. Just came to say u have awesome work
yeppers...so when you wanta I'd like my nipple back.
Conversation has veered away from tables and is now on the lazy youth of today.
Hope we have a future frontcourt with and at UK one day
she probably has been hurt go rescue her
in the city now gawddd
Universal Truth: If you photocopy or print out one personal document a year at work, that’s when the printer will jam.
Almost back in S.A.!! West Texas showed mad love!! S/O to Cream from Swagger's, Rekluse, Ese Busta, & Smuc!!
"You're killing me smalls!"
I miss you!! IM DOING SCRIPTS BY MYSELF LOL....
Earnest people doing really good work has been the big + for me at #ITC12. Tech/media sophistication, not so much.
What do you enjoy most about being a #physical #therapist? At the same time, what is most challenging?
I mean it is the truth i would be happy if u did u have the best sayings ever i like gettin on twitter and seeing them:) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
First episode of Torchwood. I want that spray lotion. Imagine the fun!
glad you liked the article! has some great comments
Better than doing it during the day when people are thirsty and trying to rehydrate.
Pull the string, and it will follow wherever you wish. Push it, and it will go nowhere at all. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Hell yeah we do
Now back to studying.
I’m sweating as my silver Accord idles in a long line of cars waiting to cross the border.
Guild Wars 2 may be the first ever game I get the 'fancy tat' edition of. As long as $150 doesn't somehow convert as £150
You should talk to He did both Livingstone & Archimedes spectral imaging. I believe costs falling
lol well I'm getting tired soo ill tweet ya later :) lol bye!
- Happy to help in a small way. Looks incredible! Good luck!
That's what irritates me most, that they call themselves a "baptist" "church"...more like an org. dedicated to hate crimes
I am warming up to this Monday night at NBC Nightly News thing.
Haha. I had information overload too! RT : My brain hurts. Thank you for everything !
She too bad to be mad over a nigga...
K whts ya numbr ill hit u up
<---I hope this is his twitter...
Check us out in the January issue of VCPN, our Auto Lensmeter is featured in the article "Out with the Old..." by Larry Guess LDO
Chicago Ridge Mall iz ghetto now though for that Aldis -_-
fuck I cant wait till i'm back to 100% ; day by day (:
is a great Director !
I've just never been much of a smoothie person . . . but the kids like them--I could be a nice mom and do it for them!
Next thing you know, Lil Wayne will be doing Colgate commercials! lol
ah...gotcha.
Trying to get to follow you is like trying to make the floor talk. Not gonna happen.
You're welcome. :)
thanks so much for the mention!
Noon maybe?
I wanna sleep but Comedy Central is too live right now. Tom Papa is hilarious!
your optimism is inspiring!
can't it be both?
HE IS SO STINKING CUTE.
LIVE! at The Epicentre in San Diego! FEB.18th w/No Bragging Rights! ..be there!
Hey how are you.. DM
we got this 2maro!
/ if he beats the patriots once this season he has a chance of being successful this season.
Yeah it is, how about scpa
yooooooooooo!... I miss laughin with u my friend. =/
Track meet todayy, i wonder if we're gonna win ?
-- Will Rogers #quotes was a favorite of my Dad, Reminded me of Dad and some fond memories of him. Thanks for posting!
I am too. Dx
That nap sucked dick. I need to start turning off my phone when I try to nap.
#quotes I'm doing everything I can to sabotage my career. It's a little thing called "fear of success".
RT : The glare is kiling me! RT : Manu's bald spot gets worse by the day. #Spurs (BLINDING!)
I can't wait to hear what y'all r working on! love u guys
Shut up!I'm gonna lose 8 lbs.
Good day for the warriors yesterday. Shouting to da panthers running in ky today
WHY do you have an alarm set to go off every 9 minutes starting at 7am when you don't get out of bed until 10?!
beware the thieves of imagination.. <3 bri
So yall really think okc gonna lose this series?
Yes I know I misspelled- trying to avoid solicitation :)
working on new songs for our holiday show and Christmas eve service :)
maybe. I'll let u know.
LLN. In 6th period today i almost fell asleep because we were watching this video on the moon and the light was off and i was really comfy<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
I loved his mirror and his dog toy was questionable.
OMG . . . . things are gonna get easy some day
Turning from the game.
He takes shots at Bama and others just like he does UK. Some takes are funny, it is what it is.
": this bitch is cray! #crackinmeup" if you only knew!!!!
I spent the last 30 minutes of the Pats game pacing around my living room. Been there, my friend. Hang in.
The trucking industry is pretty contestable.
breakfast report: david terrified by pop-up ad. "hey, it's just kelis!"
So many people hating on Christina Aguilera. Which is exactly how I know we would be besties
Has gone Cat-5?
Just a little bit longer till the semester is over and I start my summer of traveling!
Our artist lineup is growing be sure to check in on the new artists that are working with Poised Creation.
Melancholia on Netflix! I'm so there.
Thanks for date night at La Jolla Playhouse
I feel fantastic today: focused and motivated. Feels good!
In ten short days rates go up for the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon/Inaugural 5k! Sign up now for best price!
Money. Today. Money. Tomorrow.
soon to be featured in the German Wochenblatt....nice
Problem w/ display of diacritics in various languages? Adjust the font settings using the 'Configure Font' option on the Setup menu.
Yeah! When's your birthday?
Architecture is the reaching out for the truth.
watch the NHL will insist we throw octopi on ice to slow pavel down!
Love or hate Bo, he deserves a face-to-face with the kid, not just a generic phone call.
Apologize for the unannounced early close, the wind was a bit too gusty to keep my canopy up and the rain finished the deal.
Been looking at your website. Nothing independent about it. Reads like a wish list of radical left issues. Cover blown! ,)
Love when our customers repeat!!! Don't miss the chance to try my new spring menu!!!
Spent to much money this week -_-
BIG DONKEY SMASH!
yeah it is!!
going to a big turkey dinner tonight! :D
All i can say is wow, dam, wtf, hm, gotta get it
#GoCougs Nice win over the Beavers tonight. Congrats to and his players. Time to beat Pitt!
Who has iMessage??
Google must have figured out I'm female. Now I'm seeing cosmetics ads before StarCraft replays on YouTube.
Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
ill Watch that too!
The eve of the eve party tonight! DM us to reserve your table & #MVP at the door for free cover
Thanks for posting this article. We open August 19th!
Congrats to for getting the "Volunteer of the Year" award!
I just cant get you out of my head, I want to kick u out of my head, Get the Faak outta my head. >:/
I followed you!!
MUST B SLEEP
I don't exactly understand the importance of the religion of an elected official, however 16% of Am's believe Obama is Muslim.
When beautiful girls go for ugly ass guys
so bored!!! X( relatives left a/b two hours ago...and there is nothing else to do! the house is even clean.
you MUST drop the Eleanor Rigby remix! My buddy and I still talk about that since the last time you were in the Chi!
o my belly is stuffed.....I need to burp! Thank goodness for a coke!
Maybe next time though! (: how are you guys?
#thenewgirl is the only show that makes me laugh aloud. Koi in my dress!
S0S S0S job/internship hunting need tips/ideas
congrats! what an awesome year
Oh ard , i gotta come bye one day And yea i do :p
that pass by Rodgers looked a little Farvesque...meaning wanted to get credit for 14 not just 7
Unquestionably awesome. RT The Mariners will take the field tonight to a Beastie Boys song in remembrance of MCA.
I heard that. That's the way to do it.
I enjoyed #KrisyKreme's twice! I'm good for 6 months. It's so sweet it burned!
Winn Dixie Sold for 560 million and Jacksonville Jags Sold For 765 million Really nfood cost went down
I read lots of English stuff/ listen to the BBC all the time. Day/Month/Year makes so much more send.
MONEY GRUBBING ASSHOLE!
This is your life and you have the chance to make it great. So today's Text You is "I want to have the best life possible" Now expect it!
Most people use being HONEST as their reason for being RUDE. There's a difference...
Well hello!!!! Thanks a million for the RT! Your patronage of Williams Paint Recycling and our events is greatly appreciated!!!
#SoYouLikeBadBoys #RonPaul doesn't take money from lobbyists, doesn't give in to bullies, and will drink raw milk. He needs a leather jacket
Sidewalk ramps must be ADA compliant. Contact the Streets Department customer service at 215-686-5560 for further information.
What a masterful finale to #PersonOfInterest. I will be ready for Season 2.
AYE BOO. How was the biology test? Didn't study and have it soon. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
I need some new followers to follow me I will follow back
Oh, LA, you looks quite lovely in grey.
whew....crazy weekend
Free shot of Powers w/ checkin & we also connected to untappd.com gotime.com. Like us & we'll like you back
Reboots of Sommers' "The Mummy" and "Van Helsing" which are amongst several library titles the pair are reportedly planning to 'reimagine'.
You can SANG!!! Go on, girl!!
ima go too I miss you
I'll def keep this in mind over the next 2 wks. I think a post about how pubs and scholars define "value add" differently.
Im totally cursed with the #dude factor. Damn you chromosomes.
Personal pursuits excite students
haha pshhhb u being nice no im like the nicest one frm all u lame pple haha lmao u know u love my jokes girl o i still see da fly
At the end of the day, a 5th field goal doesn't cut it, game is much different if they get one touchdown...
this is ryan sko,my facebook, google and youtube accounts got hacked im making new one so be on the look out for my new account
Thanks! Sounds good.
I'm a dick because I'll poke @ you & I'm an asshole because I'll shit on your thoughts, beliefs & you, if you're into that sort of stuff.
OK Go video is so funny! :)
Run it in that thang like a crash dummy!
holy fuck! That's a lot of coin for a VHS
Playing Firehouse 13 in Providence, RI TONIGHT! Doors at 6, show starts at 7. Its at 41 Central St. GET THERE!
Just butchered my face with a dull razor...ow
Stop telling me to eat corn bread. I wanna gain weight not cellulite.
ugh but don't worry. That means u gon be here at around 12? Still early!!! Lets get drinks too. Lol
Steve will be emceeing at the Funny Stop in Cuyahoga Falls all wknd. 8 &1030p showtimes Fri&Sat Come on down!
is there a list of dnode middleware?
Who knew I had such cool neighbors!?
America's Most Authentic Vintage Swing Band - Glenn Crytzer and His Syncopators. Tonight at Twins!!
The importance of outsourcing your recruiting efforts to The Emerald Agency offers many advantages.
Let's go !!! Seth Curry & Austin Rivers looking good!!!
I am hella horny today...omg
happy birthday 7!!!hope you have a great birthday
hahahahaha #dead okay 1 more time, don't blow it lol
Take a rest; a field that has rested gives a beautiful crop. ~Ovid
Purplespace is sending good vibes your way. :-D
Cherish every moment you get, you might lose the best thing that has ever happened to you </3 never got to say goodbye
I'm back Teusday
To make eyes really stand out, wear and eye shadow that's opposite of your eye shade on the color spectrum.
I voted so many times
And yes...that was some
this weekend hopefully
good thing Charles Lang Freer wasn't a prick
Headed to another town hall in Garfield this a.m.
matt flynn and phiblin shall soon reunite
yeah, if you feel hungry for chocolate, that's actually your body telling you it needs iron. Chocolate has iron, thats why>
Well thanks sweetheart. Sorry I missed ya. -BF
Anybody wanna give me 5,000 dollars to get my air conditioning fixed? No? Okay, see you all next winter. Moving to Antarctica for the summer
Valid RT #Aries see life as a contest, a contest they are determined to win.
The excitement of learning separates youth from old age. As long as you're learning you're not old.
Damn it I was having a good day too and as soon as I get off the bus going home my brand new aviators went under the bus and were crushed
Watching "TheMmarriage Ref" on TV. Hilarious!
Get over ur self dude
I love that show too!!!
on this boulevard
Ideating w Guy Kawasaki to get his Pinterest followers over 982! "it's a ghost town.
Prof. David Shakow’s “A Concrete Shoe for Brand X?” on prior judicial decisions published in ’s Scholarship at Penn Law....
Don't go to the usual suspects to find your costume
-- You're the best! Now time to recruit some more people :D
Glad you're enjoying the program!!
dm me your number!
I really want inside to Qin.
already asked my Facebook network... thinking about getting a Droid- any suggestions or models to avoid?
": eat qualls 1.125 million & get him the fk outta here." thats all he makes? I definitely agree.
#Seattle to #Maui on $370,RT including Tax!! Come see the Sunshine!
Rehearsal at 1pm... time to make noise...
im a 17 year old girl
When one leader uses the other as his/her pawn
I'm sure you've seen weirder shit, right? ;)
Welcome Julie Sweetwood
I love you BG eminem is beautiful xx
I could really see if I was on here doing my thang, but I'm not doing shit
i love you all!!!!
Surman at #inplay2012 - kids expect the world to be like #lego -combine and recombine cultural elements to make what you want
gotta big ass head lol
I'll always be one who cares about supporting the music scene so, you're welcome =]
Blues at the Bluseum this Sunday starts at 1pm! Bring a picnic or get your food and drinks at the balloon museum! Tix $10. Gonna be rockin'!
A6: have multiple eyes triple checking everything. Weekly conference calls 2 review social plan was helpful.
#lies RT : of course you're a classy lady we just have look at your tweets with in the mornings lol
..most black females come across so sour and bitter sometimes>>
ONE DIRECTION
Thanks for the moral support at the convocation speech &
I really like BYOD because it creates a genuine convo about using tech responsibly.
People who get plastic surgery dont appreciate what God gave them
Watch out world Joyce Thomas is on Twitter. Stay tuned for great weight loss tips.
Awaiting the call to possibly buy into another franchise. Hoping the deal looks good!
chinese for dinner ^_^
I need to wet my snake;)
I'll be there tomorrow til monday
when i say i like someone i mean it when i say i don't like someone i still fucking mean it
Marcia Griffiths live on February 19th at the
good just getting off
you both look beautiful
Thanks for the RT, Ann. And *great* to meet you F2F finally last week!
If you don't like me I'm cool with that, just don't pretend that you do......---
"Maybe in another life, when we are both cats." Name the movie... ?
965421005 is the order number and 648341550 is the case number - please help
Guys go crazy over a girl's smile
tweet-tweet racer lady ;)
editing the first #PhillyDrawAThon Blog, should be up on our youtube account later tonight.
NP: Someone To Love You (:
Last time I was in Los Angeles the #stlcards won the #worldseries. Just sayin.
Book outline done...one step closer to pissing off everybody I know by publishing stuff. Woot!!!
Im gonna go home and take a long ass nap
I followed!
Everytime I hear paradise I get all into it lol
Your posts are always so good, but this one is extra good. Thanks for doing what you do :-)
The only guy you need on life, is the one that proves that he needs you in his
Ouch. Speedy recovery wishes!
RT : I will miss everyone tomorrow. Markis leads worship and brings the word. Don't miss it. Bring someone with...
:) Thank you, James!
Djokovic takes Sony Ericsson Open title
hahaha I tried. I tried.
Fight Week/Vlog Week!!
What American literature decidedly needs at the moment is color. music. gusto. the free expression of gay or desperate moods. -Albert Barnes
the gym is pretty vacant. I think people are fearing post Mardi Gras burpees.
We Are Starting To Plan The 3rd Annual Top of the Hops Beer Fest in C'ville In September! Stay Tuned.
Thank you very much!!
I second that motion.
imma sucker for an accent. lolz :P Will dm ya when I get to work.
My yoga teacher had a handlebar mustache. I have mixed feelings about this. Definitely reminiscent of a creepy carnival man.
EVER SO TEMPTING. Which one is this? It's not the one by your house, right?
thanks for reading them!
#mysuperpower I wish I could play every song ever made. Just by hearing it.
This squad is NOT a 3 or a 4 seed imho
Team Bohl's quarterback is in Tulsa till Saturday. Hoping I can score a few touchdowns by myself.
Why am I hearing random thunder outside?
playoffs, is Morey a genius?
Meeting with today!
key to retaining gen x/y libns so that ur succession plan can work is 2 make sure they feel heard & hve developmnt opps
the Cure is much more depressing, hell 1/2 of Tool's songs are about anal sex lol what's depressing about that! Haha
CANT FOCUS ON PSYCHOLOGY NOW...WILL COMPLETE IT TOMORROW
#night. stomach hurtss.
Hour 2 of the show is underway! Sekou Smith of Hang Time Blog on #NBA.com will join Troy at 1130 to talk Playoff Hoops.
Ugh niggas make me sick
places you can get fined, jailed, or worse just for holding hands
Actually, I think Montgomery County, MD's eval should nation's model. No offense to MA.
Hey. Whats up?
. it has been in the ICU (locked to a poll outside my apt) since the accident, i'm pulling the plug and putting it in an alley.
Hiding in the subways for sure
whats you and brianas video called?
Lol, I know u ain't just say freaky uh oh let's talk about Breee!!
what else could you ask for (relaxation)
Talking about Einstein at 1:34am is a great idea. Einstein is the man.
90210 is such a great show. Full of
LMAO ASSHOLE I NEVER WROTE THAT -_- RT : It feels so good RT“: I want to do that! RT : I was
some women are too stubborn and bullheaded to know whats good for them....dont trick it off buddy!
my twitter unfollowed wtf is it playing at.
Social Construct is a firm dedicated to planning events with character, whether clients are offbeat & quirky or refined & traditional.
Going to to study and drink Tangerine Ginger tea, my absolute favorite drink right now!
“I once worked with a guy for three years and never learned his name. Best friend I ever had. We still never talk sometimes”
will you tweet any good updates for us unlucky ones still w/o a stream? Please and thank you!
Catch up on the weekend headlines as well as BREAKING NEWS this morning on NBC San Diego. We're less than 5 minutes out!
": YOU'LL GET ONLINE WHEN WE SAY YOU'LL GET ONLINE :)"
Burt Kalisky, Verisign, #GlobalINET #InternetSociety meeting. Interesting discussion of how soon will robots not humans run the Net?
Alright you have to be dumb to volunteer for this but its kinda awesome...
Your moms will love us, trust me.
You can not complain about rain California, the other day I had to deal with frozen fog. Two weeks prior? Four inches of snow! Cry babies.
see that why i dont want to go to jail because some doods gonna turn into something crazy
#ThatAintCool if you think your better than everybody else
yes, how did MLB approve it? It's so goofy!!!
Dang we having power outages
Hot guys at the gym make running six miles totally worth it
Can you please sing for your fans? Pretty pretty please :-)
no problem so how are u
Those are the best kind of week! :-)
warranty is up :/
Shellac nails - where have you been all my life? <3
Demi allegedly went to a divorce attorney but she & Ashton also went camping last weekend. Sounds a lot like Brad & Jen.
loving the brisk fall air. how could you not be happy on a day like today?
See? Not funny at all. Sorry :(
RT : Tacos may solve everything.
10 more days until
good morning
The EPA’s Renovate, Repair and Painting Rule, otherwise known as the “lead paint law”, is now in effect! Be informed on how it affects you!
A woman asks if this is the train to Sea World. There is no train directly to Sea World, I say, & her child cries.
Are you living in Chicago?
Congratulations to NBA champion Dallas Mavericks! JKidd and Dirk finally have the ring that they deserve!
Haha great quote! RT "Beer, now cheaper than gas, so DRINK, don't drive!" -- Quote of the Day
The girl kicked me to the stomach...with a few more punches it was a tie but they awarded her another point. I took 2nd but the poor gir ...
y'all tryin to figure out the me tweet/?
so true! wish we were together nomming pork BBQ :)
Maybe we have a lot of friends in different states and countries who love to fangirl :P
Hop Off Le Penis
LOL. That looks terrible! Of course it is something I want to watch. Thanks for pointing it out. :)
Mention u follow us on twitter and recieve 10% off your dinner or a free dessert
I better see you!
haha ,well for what its worth you look better than his wife lmao..
Who is your help in time of need?? The Great I Am! The King of kings! The Lord of lords!!!
C'mon 6am....my freaking eyes are dry as hell and burning ;(
Thanks for the follow !
I'll mess with those... They are super clean!
Scared much :D
Message to the young cats: never get braces as a grown man.
Truer words were never snarled, my man. The crazier the concept, the more enticing the game, if designed properly.
I had the laugh of the day today before the Honors Society Induction.
hell yeah finally
Hey Hon what is doing???
I would like to network with used equipment dealers...printing press and converting equipment. Email me your contact info:
Out psyche-out. Peace out!
ugh oh I'm scared hah
U right! His numbers r better then #Favre #Brady #Manning #Marino #Kelly #Star #Montana at this point!! Hes the best ever!!
why take Tannehill this year when youre gonna be in position to draft Matt Barkley with the #1 pick next year?
I disagree, learning should be part of your work. Learning is like rowing upstream...
The most wonderful time of the yrRT :Friendsmas with and Finally starting to feel like the Holidays!!!!
is absolutly beautiful inside and out and its almost impossible not to love her to death
Are you a wiz w/ #graphics? Do you understand video #production? Do you know how to produce graphics for TV? If so, reach out. Awesome job!
Good point
Glad you liked the foie! TBD when 9000 quad will return; just went thru 2 kegs, so time to rotate. Will announce when it's back.
Movie trending now in LA, CA : The Roommate (live updates)
I'm gonna do it this year!
RIP Duck Dunn. MGs/Stax bass player on some of the grooviest soul and blues songs of all time. From Otis Redding to Aretha to The Blues Bros
having fun! Happy bday !
Unintended result of gaming in museums: teaching 21Century skills & museum literacy
Lucky you! Sleep on the flight!:)
just went to a raiders ggame with my dad. so much fun.lol those chargers were really mean to me though
apples and nutella
If you're out by city hall for the next hour (until 2) stop by and get some hot chocolate from the Biz Kid$
In flagstaff so about 4 more hours to Vegas
foundations students, have you stopped by Pizza Shuttle to see our Andy Warhol cow?
I found an excellent place in Calgary called Seoul that you should try sometime.
Some things are better left unsaid.
I know my heart was broken when he told me that but I'm just going to get me another card so I build up
Watching the episode of Happily Divorced that I missed last night. I tend to miss things on tv. This is what the internet was made for!
Thanks! It's an awesome class.
Getting the game play all laid out for music festivals & of course SXSW 2012!
Hi. How ya doin. I'd like to tawk to you. But you don't ever talk back. Oh, and everything you do is adorable. So tell "Her" to back off.
We're trying to raise $100 for the WWF ... 10 cents for every new follower of this week! Please RT!
#tigers and Rays. Both 3-0. $10 tickets. You really should be here.
so awesome!! Are you going to attend SYTYCDX, Vegas?!
fuck Three Rivers
Give the gift that keeps giving. Genealogy, learn how to start tracing your families past.
front of stadium ny statue of Billy
I manufacture you hoes , put on your makeup bitch
NEVER!!!!!! We can agree to disagree, and that's all! #Realtalk RT : ADMIT YOU WERE WRONG, KEVIN !!!!!
classic track.
I Put Some Money On Yo Head , Yeah Thats A Paid Thought
Just live your life !
New YORK!! American classics: opera guru, Robert Ashley, tonite @ St. Mark's Bookshop, 7pm.
Amazing night of baseball! Wow!
I guess this is what happens when you blow up the team after you win a cup. Yet it wouldnt be the first time my team came back from down 0-3
sleep sleep and more sleep.. then off to Maldives for our honeymoon :)
I miss my Kreuzberg coffee shop (and its Quark)
Damn! It was only 2 hours ago. :(
Wow Tevez, wow. That's a whole other level of douchebag, congrats.
VAcoeds.com is coming to SW Virginia this August. Check out our site for updates, details, and job opporunities.
How did I miss that?
Got Bitches On them Mollies Rollin all Damn Nightt .
i would agree
trying new items at work. I've never wanted to pound Pepto more...
is so sick of looking at content for the website - however, rocks, if you need copy check them out.
We don't make it rain, we start
Definitely RT : i bet barack obama says "goddamnit, joe!" w/in the confines of his office at LEAST 10-12 times a week.
Just got back from watching "The Phantom Menace" -- yet again! It's supposed to be in 3D. But, aside from the titles, it looked 2D to me!
Subway for lunch makes me instantly think of ;) This sub's for you!
should you do something for someone who has never done anything for you but will cause you minimal effort?
When she says sorry say so am I.
Well done!
I had a great birthday :) Thanks to all the people who made it that way!
i'm slick without the lubricant
follow back please lmbo :D
X FACTOR FINALS TONIGHT
thanks! Glad you like them. :)
Walking the dog while sweet husband makes breakfast. More pretty art modeling this afternoon thanks to Life is pretty rad. :)
The type u drive a benzz real slow 4
congrants to you too, fancy pants!
Cheering for , my other hometown team, in Partially Frozen Eight contest vs. UMass-Lowell. Go Dutchmen, beat those hyphens!
following(: how do you have so many followers??
I know, right! & gosh darn it, if I want to eat kids, that's my choice!
Ironically going to go home and read more articles about how latina lawyers tend to feel isolated: attempting to meet both professional and
Amazing company. RT great to be sponsoring event today. We're aiming to hire 20 more in the next 6 months.
Why not ask to speak on Web Dev?
#mkenye2012.....live on! twitter Ball drop celebration, Wine & Liquor giveaways #2012 champagne toast...Models , Bottles, & much more..here
yea I had to blink a few times to tell it was Jared Leto!
happy #Bunny day back atcha
it never signed me out of formspring haha thats where im tweeting from lol
i love your life
Happy birthday Jay z i love ur music and I'm a big fann and happy happy happy happy birthday too you
not a chance in hell I would sign that.
12 days until Revo San Diego!
Congratulations! We received a similiar award from this year, and it boosted our passion. We are so proud of you!
Having a great time with my team members at the game!
they're all over the place!
that picture you posted still has me laughing
D-cup? Tiny? Only in "The Land Of The Giants!"
Bickleys class today...
Thank you!! We love you!!!
Why r u drinking ketchup? My magic meatball told me too feeling random!!! I luv penguins <3
Your pictures are sensational!
I know... I have a "chat-alohic" challenge. So many great convos, so little time!
I have about had it with Phil Woodman. Enough. No one wants your expired groceries.
m lucky!
3 out of 3 correct on the Slocum Memorial Quiz! I've always found the story of the General Slocum morbidly fascinating.
#Vikings look good in their purple pants! SKOL
YAY!!! Twitter jail can be a beast!
yeah, the intro from "Careless Whisper" just popped in my brain.
Urgently need #German trainer to deliver business #language training in #Lichfield area. Please RT if you have language contacts - thanks!
"Content shouldn't be a wall of noise" Dan Roam
Congratulations to the 9 graduates of the FACT program!
What does #drupa still have in store?!?
this lady just got a bowl of white rice at chipotle? just rice...
absolutely! Um, oh you meant upright. Lol.
Jan, a woman with beautiful heart and spirit, Happy 46th Birthday. Embrace and "Enjoy" it, u deserve it. Much love 2 u.
unprotect your tweets fag
It's not that... looked like you did it for work. I wonder how time management works for creatives. Pay by hour, pay by effort.
People that post there number on a social networks for attention <<<<<<<
The Weeknd at Hollywood forever....why do you have to be sold out????!!
It aint no church n the wild huh? Well tell me who u think I write 4? Folks wanna call this gospel rap... nah homeboy this sacrifice
Anytime hun so what's the next concert you plan to hit?
someone grabs your hand, slaps you, and than says why are you hitting yourself makes you want to punch them and say why did I just punch you
flying F16's in Colorado this week
To what?
what the hell? they killed aka cane on Y&R today.....no, please, dont go!!!
LOL I know and I've been voting every hour just about hahah I hope it works
THAT's Y we have so many Cali transplants! Tell whoever spreading the secret ... it's a secret! ^_^
welcome to the Patty! Happy St. Patty's Day! When will you join the team?
in the bathroom: "POWER PEE!!!"
Ok... I can blame you.. LOL... just kidding
#Cavs have recalled F Luke Harangody from #Canton. He'll be with the big boys for remainder of #NBA season.
nigga you spelled my name wrong bro!!!
Nf ": #nf in ya world now #follow a real nigah back baby :)"
#ImSingleBecause I refuse to settle for all the junk out there.. I rather wait it out til the one who is perfect in my eyes comes around
Is that woman really wearing music notes on her dress???? Awful.
I'll take it:)
Lets Go Pens. Make the haters eat it!
so no word on the co op mode or what? zombies?
Olde wobbly at the controls
only in your dreams haha <3
Excellent choice! Enjoy!
Loving the homemade banana bread my roomie made:)
You can't even tell I burned myself. My hand is red on red.
you got flashed what
I got some comments back from reviewers on a paper of mine. Can I send the editor a "Revise & Resubmit" recommendation on these comments?
Today was a good day. I got a new bookkeeping client!
As much as i want to check how you are doing, i will avaoid it! I should stop myself! I don't wanna know anything about you anymore!
Q. What do you do in case of fallout? A. Put it back in and take shorter strokes!
Good question to ask #Hopeless editor - Joshua, is voting an illusion? Whaddya think?
scored the best deal in wireless. If you have T-mobile or want to switch to tmob and are looking for new phones talk to Jess on Eagle Road
Really? #modonna? thats the best you can do #nfl?
Mardi gras event is finally here. Tonight 9pm Ida noyes hall. Comes get your fortune told and eat free food while listening to lovely music!
:O holy mother of god
stop talking about Geraldo and Newt. They are distractions. Keep talking about
hi:) yes I'm here at fondue area
shut up
he is jealous
What moves you? Celebrate this love! <3 <3 <3
if Pootie Tang had a larger vocabulary, he'd definitely say: "#dontlebronme."
Banging your head against a wall uses an average of 150 calories an hour
Hey all you vampire diaries fans a new episode is on tonight at 8
Only bros know how to turn around a shitty week.
Listening to Russ streiner, co producer of night of the living dead at "film industry panel" for allegheny county bar association
Up way too early like a kid on Xmas day. Downtown and ready to race!
My friend Jeannie just told me about the Bar Method. Are you going to a class?
Either you learn enough that you want to or you have been hurt enough that you have to
I'm going to support our friends Any #OpOliver supporters wanna come?
Old school nickel back :)
Oh ur just bunched up wit excuses aren't u?! Lol :-) and why not its not like ur gunna be tracked down
do u have a good sports blog where u take a stance on a topic? if so, reply 2 me- i'm interested in posting it on blog (you'd b contributor)
House proposes raising taxes on the families of 5.5 million low-income #kids to purchase two submarines we don't need
go get one
isn't it amazing how technology can positively impact a child's life? Love it!
#UVa shoutout FTW! Happy Founders Day! :
Thx push RT : Happy Mothers Day!!!
I smell GNAR
So, am I wrong, or is Hawk wrong? I thought it was "Tank," not "Tanks."
Following back followers now. Having to unfollow some unfollowers to add them ... Thank you for following!
They're Filming the movie "NOW" starring Justin Timberlake. On set watching them shoot this scene.This is a action movie be sure to see it.
Wild Thursday's is jumping
How does someone text 3 or 4 people at once? I freak out when I text 2 people at once and my phone goes off constantly.
Getting ready for my Moms surprise party :) how are you?
"they see me TROLLIN, they hatin'..."
Caught the ending on the radio. Glad I missed the best game of the year probably...
SMASH SMASH SMASH SMASH SMASH SMASH SMASH!!! I can't wait!!! Why must I wait 4 and a half hours!
and then in an instant, it was on CNN. She had passed. I couldn't believe it. It was so positive and then, in an instant, she was gone.
heck yea is sold!
picture of champions! Go
Go RANGERS!!!! Put up them antlers & get out your claw ...
word RT 90's R&B was THE SHIT, current R&B IS shit.
thanks for following! MT Mondays soon?
If Twitter was a school, I would have a perfect attendance. If Austin was a subject, my parents would be so proud of me.
Cuddled up wit my hunnie watchen BRIDESMAIDS , I can watch this movie over and over again and still laugh at it like if it was my first lol
Take a moment this morn to appreciate what you have before you set your tasks lists. Care for what you have as well as what you want!
nobody love me like you do.
it was still fun trying to figure out what song/band I was listening to, haha :)
is it on YouTube?
@, <U+200F> , Thanks for following!
damn I hope to marry a woman like yo momma!
I view TED as an avenue to change the world. TED is 'Ideas worth spreading.'
good to be home with my loves AJ Nala and Ariel
it was streaming on grammy.com you missed *nothing*. If colbie calliat had farted it would've been infinitely more fun.
Hope everyone is excited about a great weather weekend! Enjoy it!
Hating, & then loving, & then hating every other day. Lol.
iTunes quit urking me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
:) lol i have been listening to constantly this past week i'm like been there done that! See you Thursday!
for what?
u know i been good
Fear is the reason we don't take action, and anger is why we get stuck. Remove the two, and watch how your dreams and goals come to you.
RT : With every civil right there has to be a corresponding civil obligation. ~ Edison Haines [[great quote!]
RT : "Do not approach me when my headphones are on. This means you, waiting to make your move. I SEE YOU." - funny and appropriate.
AND IM ROCKIN MY KSWISS TODAY!!!!
New website almost done also! Music clips, show dates and locations, bio and media & much more!
take a picture of the actual burger…I want to see what it looks like :)
doing it right now as we speak
3 bowls of peach yoplait yogurt paid off, the show was awesome! Everythings PEACHY
Lol your face (:
Passed right by my old friend's house....
Enjoyed "La Carcacha" by Selena on Pandora
get to create some live background vocal charts today... Folgers, do thy work!
follow me please ¡¡¡
I love threatening text messages
Get Austin Mahone Verified <3 tweet it too me and ill RT it! :)
A month and you still don't know how to use it???
Ha!!! Sad night for Lakers fans...lol.
As opposed to the usual tech startup route: coders who learn to market by night!
Brought the nieces to a short film shoot so they can see how we roll in LA. Now they don't wanna leave.
: I recommend the jidori chicken torta at It has gravitas. A torta to be reckoned with.
i want be your dog sitter :DD i love you, send to zayn a hug from me please :DD follow and retweet please
Great photo! Do u have more?!
Good morning!
Hit up Nine Fine Irishmen & #Blackjack at with Didn't get to drink-and-schmooze with this time. Next week!
I hope my neighbors enjoyed that.
Thanks for the retweet!
hot start? 6 of 1st 8 games are vs playoff teams?
I think that after uploading the video, could not stand my brother laugh!! lol...hahahahahahaha WTF!!
Going to hunger games myself tonight. So much hype around this movie its time to check it out!
Thanks for the follow ! :)
Heading to chitown...
too cute such cuties
I really hate everyone except for
what pickle? Haha
down to snuggle?
#IMBLASTED haha everyone get it trendning girls and guys come on get it trending
At olive garden with the most amazing birthday girl ever!
I AM JUST SEEING THIS AND WTF I HEARD ABOUT THAT! Ugh so lucky even to have an awkward moment with her!
GoodBye Gato!!:)x
#SocialMediaTip always be truthful
Thanks for the RT!
Anyone from Philly that doesnt think we are the most brutal fans in the world...is obviously not from Philly really
Local players competing for Canadian floorball team in Slovakia
#AUNEPAD How can be best report on NEPAD? asks Prof Richard Mkandawire Head Partnerships, Resource mobilisation and communication, nepad
in LA
Just have her vacuum around you.
My brother almost got suspended
yay gonna beg verizon for a new phone in exchange for the same phone, not working cause I broke mine
TALK TO ME oMFg
I accidentally switched to the new twitter.. now I'm stuck on it. Mofo.
Thanks for shout out! (:
looking forward to playing with you in Sheffield.
I been singing I told the storm all day.
LET GO of whatever makes you stop!!!!!!!
Don't get your hopes up, reception is spotty at best...
do tell
The strong shall over come all!!
but really LOL
I avoid shopping on Black Friday like the Black Plague.
good move -- it's painful. I had to walk away from the coverage.
Moth Complex songs "Swarm", "Feel Alive" & "Carbon" feature in the upcoming movie "Nightmare Box" which just shot in London :)
I love it.
I try to maintain a health balance between the two.
Come now guys let's give some credit to AMZN stock back in 97 it did great
haha you're so crazy Evan;)
You're welcome! Keep up the great DIYs!
Strawberry/banana smoothie with protein powder. can't beat it.
what site #? I got roman candles, a pissed off opossum and revenge in my heart.
Nothing feels as good as being a mom. I love it.
I do that also. I may get foreign edition covers as well if I like them.
#thestruggle in these hallways
hahah I guess I'm just unlucky!
So my Twitter Account was hacked... Had to change password.. UUHHH!
We're giving away tickets in the western burbs tomorrow to the advance screening of #MenInBlack3 on May 23. Stay tuned.
.'s virtual Republican convention really ought to look more like the Imperial Senate
People shot me with guns and arrows.. And I didn't die OR wake up.
Happy Birthday ! tipped me off :)
why you watching them outta order?
Yawn. You fucktards are boring. Piss off. I got a game to
Congrats to #BP30 getting taken by the #Ravens I'm round 3 of the #NFLdraft #templepride #templetuff good luck down there to Bernard Pierce!
I'm sensing an A+++
Watching #CAHA Tier 1 State Finals in Lakewood,CA
Who's waiting for #HowardStern tonight? I can't lie I am, should be funny LOL
u look awesome today
#HowAboutWe; do what really makes us happy?
i like how i can understand that in spanish when you tweet it:)
And they're *still* showing Titanic 3D at my theater of choice. Three times a day! Sweet Jay-zus.
WILL YOU PLEASE COME TO PITTSBURGH, PENNSYLVANIA ON YOUR TOUR!?
"and as she held her baby close, she realized that she needed nothing more than her touch and smile...just the two of them alone....."
Im ready for vacation to be over, but not ready to go back to class... #BERKLEEONAMONDAYMORNING -__-
A country can be judged by the quality of its proverbs. - Proverb
Contemporary Event starts today! Select styles in Men's and Women's premium denim brands for only $59.97!
Touchdown in #PasoRobles for a weekend of winery visits
*All I ever wanted/ All I ever needed is here in my arms/ Words are very unnecessary/ They can only do harm.... Enjoy the silence......*
Had a great session for yesterday. Ferber, Gold, & Allen were awesome. Brorby's studio is killer. Gonna be a great record!
Your support means the WORLD to the student you mentor and to us, !
Joe Hite is on the keys tonight.
you show come learn how to flip at my gym in Miami. and Parkour Academy
Got your request for a free QR code. If you did not get 2 e-mails from me, check your spam folder! :D
“: Call Me Crazy but I #loved points too much to miss free throws lmao I wanted to shoot every tech...” - lol we kno
I love bassnectar.
A history nerd, proudly! RT : Everyone who retweeted that last bit, or answered "I don't think so!" is a nerd.
hello there to you!
Celebrate new year's eve-eve with us tonight! We have live music and ....beer!
Thanks for the love and wish ya were here! Ryan says hello from
"Some people want it 2happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen"-M Jordan Championship game 2night!
we do but.... I am not suppose to interrupt.. lol
Ya is the man. I've been listening to a lot of NFG Pandora lately and ATL comes up every other song
I agree. Justin has an eye for sure RT : Job very well done and for the
it's OK ben
You're amazing!
I got a spot in the hang out - are you participating too?
Amy Lee is General Lee's cousin, untrue story. Plus she's hot and whiny.
The administration KNOWS what Paterno will say & how it will devastate the University There is NO excuse 4 any if this activity
If I make it to Texas for the Marquez fight I need to get me a #GodSpeed shirt. Been trying hard as hell to get one!
Last question! Question #5: What company based in Lutz makes awesome Flight Simulators?
THATS EXACTLY WHAT IM SAYING, you either have the killer instinct or you dont
- April Fools! *tweets photo of him wearing a bald cap* ;)
it makes me not want to get an industrial omfg.
It will learn. Just give it time.
Shut up. I was talking to me.
"Blend" would imply several synthetic cannibinoids. What about the detergents, binders, psychoactive compounds?
tweet tweet, haha i just tweeted
I think imma just order alot of stuff that I need.
USE THIS COUPON for $39.99; full discount off 97 min Battleof Atlanta Vid; go to www.xwarrior.tv; type boa3999 at checkout! Enjoy!
#rbs6nations I reckon Italy could take this one
that's blonde?
Finally changing up the profile pic... giving Fremont some digital love.
Los said "mommy that a ugly green shirt u have on change it it's too little"lmao
If you are in the airport there is no need to wear your sunglasses. Especially if they are 5 dollars, they don't help your appearance.
i know ugh i don't even wanna start watching it without elliot he's so beautiful :(
#cxo I think we may have some significantly different views of "wow"
Concerning? Reviews???
'And I've never bathed in yogurt...'
Platypus Diversity (tm) - "Action By Choice, Not By Necessity"
“Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.” Thomas a Kempis
Step Brothers gets better every time I watch it. It's good to break from work and have a lot of hard laughs.
no): lol who's it by? i'll look it up..
Which one are you?
187 miles till LA
Sleep on me if u wanna take a dirt nap!!
I don't necessarily believe in family over everything. Blood can be just as useless as water. Anybody is capable of fucking you over
I know right!! Gotta change that
Thank you. I'm excited & humbled by your statement. RT : u r most welcome. I am inspired by how you started to give.
Order sent to Carly in IA!
So pumped to play in the #octocatinvitational. Our team looks mean as fuuuuuuuuu... :-)
we wish! We will have music just on fb just for you :)
oh really?
sittin' next to some bitch ass nigga
...and C only concerns itself with text -- not movies, not music
watz good ma
Job hunting and now I'm tired.
If you're always a victim because your wife says so, you need to turn in your man-card.
Skipping school for the rest of the week. Going to London tonight to go see Justin Bieber with my 3 best friends :)
well then: Good Luck - Good Luck - Good Luck
Im not feeling good, but The Weeknd will help
was a blast last night hope we make it ti round two and good luck to the kther great bands
Long day.
Ahh the smell of burning hair in the morning.
oh thanks!
who cares?
I really hope so. Good luck to your team.
Guy in the band before us smashed a guitar. Too bad he was a giant fuck-face and his band sucked.
Connecting with the ultimate source of love is possible through discovering the hidden power in your heart.
Beautiful day in San Diego!
If I type a bunch of f-bombs in a row, will I feel better? Or should I just turn off the #Brewers and go to bed? :(
That moment when you want to sucker punch the girl next to you cause you know their cheating off you
Alex has been asleep for 13 hours, that is gonna be one energetic kid today!
where will you be around 9:30am?
They didn't even put up a fight.
Thanks for the RT. I like your web page. The graphic design of each view of the woman is awesome. Take care.
are you taking reservations for Mother's Day Sunday brunch? also, your voice mailbox is full. thanks!
Peaceful Day from Landons Portable Medical Records!
Heading to SF for #MPINCC !! Can't wait to see everyone ! San Diego CVB will be in booth 419, Stop by !!
I play I spy on college campuses.
Time to duck and cover! Wait to smoke outside till all the bullets fall back to ground!
loved it! Showed all my friends here in the USA :)
Planning the first annual Chicago Quiet Night house concert with ...stay tuned!
I think that I seriously have a crush on
Just read your interview with Filner. Nicely done under the circumstances of a conducting it in a moving vehicle!
very well than.
Owl City is so friggin' awesome,it's not even funny! ;)
ugh, please shout me out punk? (: lol
~MARKETING MEMORIES~ Corporate & Private Events <U+2605> Bar/Bat Mitzvahs <U+2605> Event Coordination <U+2605> Event Management <U+2605> Guerilla Marketing <U+2605> Consulting
hoping kristin wiig wins for best screenplay for bridesmaids
come spend some time in Los Angeles. We do endlessly circling low-flying police choppers better than anyone.
Is this Barbra Walters on 60 min??
I need a purple kango i lost mine ugh!
but it is said we are without excuse when it comes to believing God. Look around. How can anyone say there isn't a God?
Hanging out on our boat with morning coffee is the best. Besides working its my favorite.
I Love <3
Kunitz, Cooke, and Staal!!!! Let's Go #Pens!
Happy Tuesday, Ready to build community and care from the heart. #letseducate &
Thanks for having us
we had a burger today, but no brew!!
Cataloging folks- what is a good wiki option for cat dept with folks of varying tech skill levels? Has anyone implemented one?
At the dentist....blah
Tweeters don't have to say "Juuusstt Kiiddiinngg" after their tweets... People already assume it
#GoWildcats RT “: how's murray st. doing these days? Huh? Yeah, me neither.”
:( You are better off! You're strong don't let him break you down!
This "gooey" rice that my mom and sis prefer... Ew.
hahah thx I'm trying to comeover today if u wanna hang
u both realize Jordache and Bongo totally match, right??
I just <3 Wisconsin... <U+263A>
So cool!!! Thanks so much for playing my music!
I touch the sky, get the clouds out my fingernails.
Know your audience and customize the presentation to their needs. True for all training mediums.
Wintry roads are said to be "slicker than otter snot."
Spring yet? Get a jump start by calling ur NM Pella Fella to take advantage of the new sale. 40% off installation. Call Jeff (505) 918-6339
I am really, no longer a club/party goer gheeshhhhh. It's like I have no urge to go clubbing anymore. From 18-21... Those were my party yrs
Thanks! Lets be honest our students rock! I hope I'm not to old for camp & that GINORMOUS Water slide!
There is nothing in which people more betray their character than in what they laugh at. -Goethe
I'm just trying to use Twitter for good, not for evil.
Swear, if one more guy says ''I love you'' within the next month<<<<<<<<
So last night we were on the subway,so we started talking about how do strippers hang on the pole. And me no upper body strength Lmao
Q: Can u follow me plz plz plzzz im beggin for murcy haah anyway I luv u and i never been to any of ur concerts and Peace&Luv<3
#305Love all day
iight. remind me to do that in the morning
#YouKnowItsRealWhen you smile at every text they send you <3
My pleasure. That's the problem (and blessing) with #TCOT. We have work and families which take priority
You try to be nice & bitches fuck you over. They gonna see the real bitch act a damn fool. Ima be that bitch you hate 2day.
Dear god. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> I got it alright... I can't even think straight right now.
#seniorshealth, OAA is crucial to senior health. Is #Obama committed to advocating for #OAA #reauthorization ?
Why can't Colin Firth host the #oscars?
“: Who did Hortford play for in college?” gators
yes please. So nice to catch up!
Do you do #spokenword or sing #karaoke? Come show us what you got TONIGHT @ iLounge - 1287 D Glenwood Ave - 7pm-10pm. Free parking & hookah
the jam
Thanks for including me in your daily.
The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything.-"Denis Waitley"
Impressed seeing our disaster recovery plan in action last night. Way to go, Ops team!
Oh, just wait!
Ok #ROC when did the Orange Julius store leave ? More then 5 years ago right?
It was great meeting you on Friday, Sarah!! Good luck with your training for the Ironman!
I love you and your husband service!!! Moved to NC a few months ago and was looking for a home, I think I found it with WSF!!
Argh!!! I put sunscreen lotion in my hair instead of mousse - it's too early for a Sunday! ;P
I more mean, "Who can get the most signups!!!" types of contests. Uh isn't that our jobs ;)
killin it tonight!
Already starting that delicate dance where we attempt to camp NOWHERE near these idiots in front of us....
WOW!! have you seen who's ahead in votes for the restaurant makeover?
Just made it back from our last Missouri show night of the tour--the cat pee did not defeat us.
omg, what is this? hahahaha. and ASKJHASKJA TONIGHTS EPISODE I FKN CANT.
We just got them posted...tell your friends to vote for you!!
hahshahaha I have 4 of his movies hahaha! Those movies are just took much!!!
Now I know what white trash feels like everyday. I had to climb into a dumpster, today.
NOT THAT I'M JUDGING THAT OR ANYTHING.
The played like crap yesterday but at least there was an awesome new Restaurant Impossible last night. Thanks
my only problem is i got TOO MANY ideas for this arm so i never know what i really want
you really need to come visit me with mom and dad cause
Some things have just never happened to me before. It makes me wonder smh
I really need ppl to add me on Oovoo! How will I ever learn it? Get at me...dutchessceo1
Open today & tomorrow 10 am - 4 pm for tours & kids activities. Beautiful plants for sale in our Garden Shop!
Gas is so expensive in California. This is nuts. Told my parents to get a Prius 3 years ago and they laughed.
Justin made the show.
Lol well it aint my fault he's annoying + not my type Hahaha.
LET'S GO CLIPPERS!!! LETS GO CLIPPERS!!! LETS GO CLIPPERS!!! #RiseUp #jonnytee "Friday Night" June 5th King of BBW Night Clubs
what is we went the opposite direction on #OneUppedBands ? Novemberists, Lukewarmplay Silverfrapp, Sports Talk Radiohead
Sometimes the only one who can appreciate you, is you.
You have your own man and your own little family so why you steady blowing up my dude? That's right, you're a whore. Kick rocks bitch
& I did they didn't think it was as funny as I did lmao
Brrr!!!! It's getting colder! Have you bought a new coat yet? RT if you have!
There are no boundaries
OMG I would love it if he did. That would make the happiest girl in the world! :)
Happy Blueberry Pie Day! Yum my fave:)
The word #DIET does not necessarily mean eating less or eating things that do not taste good. DIET is how you eat.
Guest from Burgatory are featured on today's show! That means MILKSHAKES and BURGERS are featured on today's show! Stay tuned!!
heyy there stranger how have you been?
thank you so much for following >__<
Cannot wait for at and to catch up with tonight! Just what I need on this hump day.
Not enough Ellie Goulding in my life.
Skrillex means to smell really, really bad in armenian
Maybe me ? Please <U+2665>
Happy mothers day<U+2764>
Man is a real ass nigga he said he was ready to cock back on Bubba...lmfao
It's the #SundayMorningHangover on Talking Playoffs, Draft and Mark Lyons and recruiting with
are you sue? my jello shots are pretty damn hard to pass up :P
Teach me how ta dougie :D
Looking for strength...long day working and worrying about Dad. Another stay at the VA hope to know more soon.
haha well no matter how you found out, I'm glad u did! I'll hit u up when I'm in Lawrence!
I love you nose, even though we never see eachother!
Miss'n all of you! Dance Class next week!
Just wrapped up #TT with the elementary crew.. Rainy days definitely have an effect on the overall mood props to all teachers
not much, Im bored how bout u?
SANTORUM BEFORE'UM!!!!!!
Happy Thanksgiving!!! So thankful for everyone in my life right now! U all rock my world!
Friday - Fun Day. Working on projects! New Golf Website coming soon - and Troy Bassham has written a book, waiting on quotes for printing!
I am horrible with money Dx
Do you know your family's history? A friend recently learned his older cousin was imprisoned in Dachau for resisting the Nazis....
I will consider this US Open Cup experiment a success if I can pull 30 people to the match. Start small I figure
I'll text you.
A Badge of Courage makes a beautiful tree ornament and helps out a woman with breast cancer. Donate today!...
I changed all my passwords to "incorrect", that way my computer just tells me when I forget. Ha!
I love when people I've never met remember me.
you'd be too busy playing with yourself
Thanks for the tip. I'm looking forward to it
RT : Sea post clerk was considered a prestigious assignment. Titanic had 5 clerks, including Oscar Scott Woody.
We ate @ a Ali Baba last week for the first time & loved it!
I believe I'm in danger of becoming a good man
Jrhighers who are in a "relationship" &you cant stand to be away from them? Wait until you are older & actually have an idea of what love is
congrats <U+2665> :D
New behavioral attribute I am looking for more in top-notch #eyecare #job applicants is Patience. Patience=Compliments=More New Patients.
i bet you would,be one sexy llama ;)
You're so obnoxious
what's eversave?
Creativity is a drug I cannot live without.-Cecil B. DeMille
Wow. You've never seemed that happy when you're working. :)
Still tired
can you please follow miss mimi pink please:)?
Join MLK Choir tonight at 8pm at Balboa Park's Spreckles Organ Pavilion to ring in the holiday season at December Nights!
Let her. She don't know what's up. RT : Oh shit. Swizz is talking shit! Like, ALWAYS!
You guys have absolutely no idea how much I'm looking forward to sitting on the couch tonight. No freaking idea.
around here the cats have more say in what furniture goes where than I do!
No pulse
Well, what do you like? Melodrama, romance, comedy, drama?
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any.
Thank you!
Tomorrow's almost here, get your sweetheart a gift certificate today! We have delicious Dark Chocolate facial that won't go to your thighs.
¤ No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut. Sam Rayburn
#4famouswords that's what she said
Hey check your
thanks ma <3
loved your article on Pilot season.
Browsing w myy new Nook Color which is also an android tablet. Pretty cool! Yogi likes it!
one week experiment: trying to create twitter addiction. can you handle it? will you care?
this twitter thing is gonna take a while to get used to.
Yes, yes, yes!
Don't fall for the latest fad diet. Eat a healthy diet w/ lean proteins, fresh fruits & veges & healthy whole grains. Consistency's the key!
And all in eastern & central time! :)
that's a good thing then,you'll be remembered when/if he blows :) that's a plus
That's what I said! They trippin. Lol! RT : A new season of ABDC started and no one told me? Smh
Good looking out, much love!!
The dang power's out...I want my ceiling fan on :/
loll I have the same name as u! #RandomTweet my full name is eliana lmaoo
lol why do you need an excuse?
Hey there, girlie!
Zito vs. Zambrano tonight #Giants #Marlins let's go fish. Suck it
& congrats on your graduation!
i didnt leave, twitter spazzed out.
"Almost equal is not good enough" ... well said Tanya
omgg it really does
I’ve loved for a while. Good service, affordable, carbon neutral.
don't get lost on the way back to Wisconsin. Good luck
Did your yellow friends help make this tweet?
#cody who's the person you go to for dating advice?
#PlansForTheSummer < - - - #DominicanRepublic & go visit a friend from #Jamaica that I used to go to college with
Well 2 would be later this week...so let's hope it's 2. 4 would probably be lottery.
been chillin on my way to work
I hope kobe breaks his ankles... Lol
love your bio. isn't everyone just tryin to look cool in ray-bans. haha
What happened today??? #friday 13th
Wow @ #DRose draining that long 3.
I need someone to buy me a ipad today and I'll pay them back on June 31st.
thanks for the RT today!
Apparently "Carmageddon 2" is coming in the near future!
very sad. First tape I ever had was license to ill
Thank you for the RT!
#woftreats good advice
let a Mexican do it “: Gettin an oil change today just cause....”
It feels like Spring is in the air today.. because we are open today with our new Spring hours!
World Peace with the nice cheap elbow to the chin lol
- well way to go Astros! - any team that beats the Mets is okay :-) - hope there are some good games against the Cards -
Im so leavin this house
We're locked in for #sounddiego live w/ ! VIP hour presented by
Gosh I love shopping. I've been shopping online all weekend.
22% of physicians have an iPad
Keep it Moving; yeah yeah, to the K.I.M
My polo!!!
naw twitter doin some bullshit..when are you bringing your music thru?
Working on my next drum cover which will be Never Dead by Megadeth. This is a track off their upcoming new album. Awesome song!
Can u please follow me back!!!! :)
Just got a complaint about a story I wrote for almost *12 years ago*.
My cab driver just exchanged cabbie gang signs with another cab driver.
b-day celebration w/muh family(:
FRIDAY NIGHTS BELONG TO #RITZ2 x1
RT : I exist as I am, that is enough--Walt Whitman
Thanks for coming out. It was a great time and look forward to you being at the next one!
Boulder-bound bus now back in Broomfield. US36 closed apparently. Well, now we're back on 36.
Thanks 4 following me Karina ! I am following U as well, nice to meet you here on Twitter
Putting in that werk...
Thank goodness for America airing old episodes of - just the right amount of LOL moments to relax us
ALEX IS AMAZING NEEDS TO GO HIGHER!!
Email, mobile & socialmedia go hand-in-hand. Optimizing your email for mobile & social can give your business 42% growth in email & social.
need more fans/followers? follow me & tweet me and I'll be happy to help. I have over 9K+ followers :) <U+2665>
i guess we not talking tonight ;/
Only 16 more days to Fashion's Night Out!! Stay tuned to all the latest news and events www.fashionsnightout.com and follow
BC u have guilty feet = got no rythm
I love The Real Housewives but I can't deal with these OC bitches, not a one of them.
holy crap. Ew.
A thank-you to the panelists, and we're done!
Ready for #FF -- great peeps to follow
hey nick can you follow me please man
thanks so much for the great article!
Schools almost over & I get a huge pimple. Great <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
birthday pizza at ellas
It's disgusting to see 1st Growth Bordeaux on wine menu that's 5 yrs old, selling for huge $, but should not be drunk for 15 yrs!
it was on disney jr.
nah cuz I live in midtown
In-store special all this week - socks, books and accessories are BUY ONE, GET ONE FREE through Sat 12/10. Perfect stocking stuffers!
says the guy who didn't get out of district...
fun!: 1 HOUR TIL SHOWTIME! ** COLORS WEEK ** Wear Comedy Cafe colors (Red & Black) FREE ADMISSION to ANY SHOW TONIGHT(8 or 10)!
Happy Birthday to You!!
The smile on face when I surprised her with sunflowers >>>>>> Such a great feeling to make someone you love happy :)
Please tweet us pics of the merch u hav picked up on this tour! Would love to c the new tshirts! :)
looking forward to maxwell next year. Bring it on ladies and b/c we all know you will be living there
AJs vs QQ...no Ace...25% of stack gone!
"I thought Ed Davis made an 18 pt shot."-- SVG on the ovation for free pizza at the buzzer.
Watching lightning run across the sky.
At the whaler getting some drinks with warren
Don't worry, be happy.
:) got some biz to talk bout.hit me up soon RT ": hey cuzzo"
Liverpool tracking AZ midfielder Elm - report
you all should throw George another party next weekend too so I can come! :)
Doing an inventory of all mine and 's DVDs. Holy moly, we have a ton!
Successes of other cities w/ streetcars has been downplayed. #KCstreetcar = big investment. But what does #KC have to gain?
This person stopped talking to me cuz I didn't give their drunk ass a kiss. smh
: tahaa no promises.! =P
true that! clear eyes. cc:
He should know.
Here at my work....same place we did Max's bday party! It's going to be fun! The jeans are sizes 1-22 AND
If your dogs ever go missing, I recommend searching my apt...I'm not well. And they are so ridiculously cute
Here I go, have to admit I'm totally scared.
Hey guys, be sure and check out our single "Carnival" on our Facebook page or at myspace.com/everglenn! =)
Literally DYING over all these upfront pics. So jealous.
so sweet. Love those dancers.
I am so, so, excited! What's next?
TGIF and make it a double!
I heard your TXT read by www.DriveSafe.ly. I will get back to you soon.
Good morning to you too my friend! :)
Thanks for getting back to me.
Welcome boo! [;
Okay Friday I did miss you ...here's a big Rock Hug
All right, I've been hangin' at 799 followers for 2 days now & I can't hold my breath any longer! Help a girl out over THAT hump, will ya?
lol I have it in my room! It's been in the same spot for a month , lol I'm free tomorrow after practice, I'll txt you
Up at c & as about to perform
Good Morning! Not sure what I am going to do with myself today with no football on...
Thanks to for hosting the #ELIfocus learning analytics webinar! Beautiful setup here.
My final garden zucchini and some over ripe bananas, I see a bread coming together this cool foggy morning. . perfect!
The came to see my show today! he's awesome!
Wifi and fiber optics for downtown #Indy: A good idea that will generate city revenue. Do you agree? Call in to the show now: 317-736-0950
no problem and thank you as well! Drop us a tweet anytime!
If you don't know about you're missing out! So get to know and tell others too ;D
Today was all about good vibrations at Arrae Creative! RT if you had a good day :D
As much as I hate him, he's a legit journalist. I won't take that away from him.
I drive entirely too much.
Takes a lot of dedication and months to prepare for it. I'm sure everything is also mind control.
yeah but then you said "I'll follow you anywhere"
Any promoters or marketers around Boston need an event to hype, try AABP's #beerpong tournament tonight @ Hennessey's! 9pm. Msg me 4 info.
You have had too much dew I think.
Huge props to with the assist
I can't forget about that.
are you lost in the mirror ?
follow me...
Someone should shoot puck off your face. Injury is not funny.
I think you mean "word from the street walkers."
wth! Did u say anything to them?
I am trying to break your heart
So if I'm neighbors with lots of awesomeness will be near me.
cool :D I'm not really in Kansas I live in Missouri but like I'm right on the edge so ya lol
Going to usher on Friday for a Mexican beauty pageant. Conflicts of beauty apparently exist in every culture.
Last 2 picks have been reaches. could've got Weeden as our 3rd pick and Schwartz with our 4th.
I've just recently become brave enough to let go of the rules that have been pounded into me over the years. Feels good.
At least it wasn't replaced by salt...
So what did you think of the show? Sound issues will be fixed of course but my head size will unfortunately stay that same!
That awkward smell on the elevator that makes you wanna take the stairs.. :/
"Without You" Apache Chief (Feat. Denny Love) is now available on iTunes! Go get it!
I know, right? It's like someone shoots me with a shot of lethargy!
We're a customer of yours. Will you tell me about the GCC search tool?
Being loud is easy, learning how to listen is hard! Luckly I never do anything the easy way!
#royals pitcher Bruce Chen's 3 runs hels given up in the 1st are the result of the ump not giving him called strikes on the corners
Friday Night PARTY!! Come hang out with Vegas' FINEST! Message me for FREE ADMISSION! Open 'til 6am...
is there where you and the crew head to atlantic city and pull a casino heist? or are you saving it for Season 3?
r.i.p. macho man randy savage... :(
Meghan wants to hangout this weekend.
:') I'm so proud to be a part of this crazy family we call mahomies! Haters Gonna Hate, Mahomies Gonna Love! :')
timeshEASY is a Time and Expense solution that is 100% focused on the Staffing, Recruiting and Consulting industries.
RT : giving a shout out on air to Culinary Local 226 while on radio
some of these girls i talk to are very wierd
Come on They lost 3 times no matter how close. SP lost to good teams and dropped. We have 7 shutouts out of 8 victories.
Purple menu and Amy X performing Saturday in Oakland. a few seats remain
There was a cricket in the office, sure there's one in my house now
I just blew out the electricity at with my funky music mix!
csu eastbay if everything pan out rite
Courtesty of: - "I might not have arrived yet, but at least I left...."
Saturday Night! 12/11 will be hitting It will be an awesome nights with an amazing afro peruvian dance band.
RT #Contest Update: RT and Follow for your chance to win the Grand Prize: #Porsche 911 Watch.
Orioles, they won't be around that long, Yankees will
If trouble is found in the likeness of her face, then my memories leave my mind bedlam...
I need a year long vacation <U+E04A><U+E017><U+E01D>
awesome! If you could just DM me their # I'll set it up.
you have my ring! I guess you have to hangout with me now ;)
I know(: you don have one either(:
Back from the library after 3 hours... Call me nerd but it's one of my favorite places to go. :)
Just watched Kristen Arnold and Kile Hotchkiss in rehearsal, dancing so beautifully to my music-very excited about upcoming premiere at LPR!
Really pulling hard for you guys!!!!! Beat 'em!!!!!
Benedryl hangover. This stuff is powerful.
i get bored quick or you just not fucking interesting
Best.Sex.Ever. I think that's a soft porn on Cinemax. Either way, the monastery is closed until I open that thing the f up.
welcome to twitter
my greatest wish is to wake up one morning and to see that my tub has been re-grouted and re-caulked.
Planks, planks , planks!! work up to a holding a plank for a 90 seconds everyday, you'll see some results in 6 weeks
Clippers Knock off Grizzlies in Game 7
Grrr... Saw King Clawdus (sp??) once and now I can't find him anywhere. Anybody coming across Thundercats toys?
RT“: That video of the lady beating the baby <<< #HeartLess #Die”
Getting used to my new phone...so many menus
“He is the happiest, be he king or peasant, who finds peace in his home”
WAIT...does #BUENAVIDA mean good living / good life?
Thanks for tweeting my story, Jon!
And look what happened to him. RT "...LA? That's just a parking lot where you buy a burger for the trip to SF" - John Lennon
yeah that's pretty much what happened <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
But 4real what is sweet water cornbread??
As happy as I am for Chuck Pagano - damn. Another quality coach leaves the nest.
I'd like someone to steal me one of those curly blonde children on the carpet...
Children's competitive ballet - talks with director Bess Kargman about her new doc Fascinating convo coming up
Cannot wait to see the look on Owens face when he sees our movie
Actually had productive meetings today. Who would have though it possible.
no problem :]
: Rushers! Tune into Nickelodeon NOW to see our brand new episode!
is a bully who punched me in the face and gave me a bloody nose. #rude :l
Hey sorry I fail I just found out I have something due by 4:30! I think I'm just going to attend one tomorrow...
My money is on, the last time Costner spoke to Whitney was at The Bodyguard premiere.
I think I just may
Interviewed an author pubbed by the house I used to edit for. So fun to talk about both sides of the book-creation process.
I did best friend. Did u???
Another day, another mass of braying morons to convey to their pointless destination.
thanks u too...sorry I'm so late
Also, the Burke-Gilman is H.O.T. today!
I think it's Durant time
Omg life is em em good
#IfYouKnowMeWell wait... you don't even have to know me well to know how much I love Ariana.
Texas road rage is fun to watch.
Measuring #sentiment by computing minimum net paths between focal word and 400 +/-sentiment words in texts New version of OptiComm software.
Holy crap that was to quick
"there is nothing to fear, but fear its self" You apparently never met my teacher
Sad to hear that MCA of #beastieboys passed away. He was a part of hip-hop's early success on radio. Licensed To Ill still one of my favs.
That is very intriguing, thanks for the share.
No wonder no one likes Philadelphia. They cheer when someone is hurt. Has that hamlet been relevant since the constitutional convention?
i don't hate Jelena, but i deffinetly don't love it.
Entrepreneurs Get To Do WTF They Want!
prolly not my favorite episode
If ur the last table at a resturant get the fuck up and finish ur convo at the bar
making a run on the self esteem bank.
Lol ": I Eat Her Ice Cream She Eat My Ice Cream Cone - Lil Wayne #WorstRapLineEver Fucking Trash !!!!!!"
I do indeed. I won't be at Cospace today, but I'll bring 'em by tomorrow.
Cause shes bittersweet, she knocks me off of my feet, and i cant help myself, i dont want anyone else....the click five- just the girl
Pok Pok NY: Living up to the hype.
- great seeing you last night!!
haha, nope. The world knows muahahaha. ;) The movie did justice to the book
Really enjoying the new Kindle Fire Santa brought. Any great books you suggest?
I honestly can't wait for #revenge tonight! It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Crew love
my friend sucks at #aoe and wants to get better! What do you suggest?
calendared and looking forward to it.
Running is not easy stuff. I miss being in shape.
I miss the sound of your voice <3
#fullalbum whole album Sixteen Stone now playing on stop by and turn it up.
I love my bed
Any boys going to be in Denver next week? Up for some steamy sex??
So sorry to hear. "May be interested..." is a cruel sentence.
Can't wait 2 catch up on it all Nate! Happy 4 u RT : Sad that I rarely tweet cuz this has been the most amazing times of my life
jus hit me too..
Join the at "IN THE MIX" May 17th, 2012! COME NETWORK! BUILD RELATIONSHIPS!
My sis keeps telling me I'm turning into a werewolf because I have been burning the fudge up since like... all the time. I think she's right
awww thank u!!!! <333 haha thats awesome well please tell ur friends about my stuff then!! and maybe grab the EP =P
Broncos will beat the Raiders Lakers Fans so Ha!
Thanks for the #FF love!
Jus made the best salad !
I always watch it in hopes that the winner will make it up here to Saratoga in August !! :)
May the odds be ever in your favor.
Best way to reach me is nick[at]teamtreehouse[dot]com
sir! You're here? Say hi:)
she needs to
When the world says, "Give up," Hope whispers, "Try it one more time.
Yea, I know. It's too bad that we aren't in Idaho at the correct time! What a shame! :(
Genius of love...
Watching paper soliders
It's new service...LI was just here last week to brief us on it. I think its launched!
Hahaha. Maybe a nice penthouse overlooking the park?
We don't need new political candidates, damn it!we need a new system. We need to flush the American "dream."
For Louisville people, the Phillies are treating the Nationals like DePaul day. Occupying stadium and expecting wins.
Man date! Off to see The Hunger Games with
Finally changed my bio :D
everyone should follow our tweets :D
#TEAM_FOLLOWBACK #FollowingBack #teamautofollow everyone! I need one more follower :>
I could go for a margarita or some kind of tasty drink....
ah! thank you!
Congrats on the #webby for best magazine!
You are one of few chefs that I'd go to battle with anywhere, anytime #believethat!
Yup. Still holding out hope!
We love our stickers. Thank you!
Idr that show ):
All it took was patience
thanks for coming today, hope you had fun!
Sesame street is so lame... I'm forced to watch it with my neice...
People often take my Kindness for Weakness ;; but im threw dealing with unnecessary issues
oh, sorry. B______.
I wish I could remember how the hell I ignored people before I owned a cell phone
#Thoughtoftheday: "Hate, it has caused a lot of problems in the world, but has not solved one yet"-Maya Angelou ...& this is why i do ME!
Pledged.Excited yet terrified at the same time. THANKS!! If you were close enough, I'd chuck at rock at your head.
Let's do this! RT : Join us today for HAPPY HOUR 5-8pm on South Beach! Music by - Check it:...
it's ok I understand
i just want to be happy
I get home and Jodie wants to watch "A Leap Frog's A Tad of Christmas Cheer." Why me? It is only April!
I hate you so much right now
The start the season this wkd! Win your tix to tomorrow's gm vs. and passes to our pregame tailgate this hr w/...
We need either less corruption or more chances to participate in it
Its Tuesday! $2.50 quartar lb All Beef, and All Beef Polish sausages! Try it with my Garlic Jalapeno Aioli and Chipotle, Fennel Catsup
not really man, but its about something somebody did wrong.
At ... come get some nachos! Biggest ones you have ever seen!
Hey every body go follow shes NEEDS the followers :]
I did and my syrup is from Vermont...simply the best
everything shitty always rolls my way :/
Finally getting to introduce my Chicago friend to ! At the Entry for Cave Singers. :)
apparently my mom is as old as barbie..
Bout to take it down
#NFL end the lockout now. that is all
On a celeb role today! Spotted: Bobby Moynihan from SNL, Zoe from How I Met Your Mother, Ann Nathan & Santino Fontana from !
Because they don't die by it or depend on it.
I got up and went for a 30 minutes walk this morning. I have been walking in the mornings for the last 3 weeks and I am addicated to it now.
here's a question for the unit, how does he get girls looking like a douche?
It's so nice outside :)
not as good as your Veuve de Vino cocktail recipe!
Can I cast them or what? I think they should hire me as casting director. lol :)
You very welcome!! We're so happy we brought sunshine to Bayview on this rainy day!
Slangin' burgers at Brave the weather. Get your face rocked!
Get all your #NBA playoff news in 1 place-www.USSportspages.com
Resources table: institutions as resources, humans, natural resources (place-based), collaborations & true partnerships
Understanding human needs is half the job of meeting them
Yeah... humans have been using their images of God to justify their violence.
You were so right when you said I'd been drinkin', what was I thinkin' when I said goodnight.
All females arent bitches and all bitches arent females
at least we'll die looking cute!
we love we have a review on them! Thanks for the shoutout
lol yea I do.. Gotta fill the sleeves in and imma add color
Felled trees, blinking traffic lights, sinkholes, etc.... tell about any #earthquake casualties you see
That is fantastic!!! We are all in trouble.
There comes a time when I'll throw my hands in the air and say fuck it, it's just getting old!
Hey ladies (:
I can't take shots because of my gag reflex.
this monster's going to take a very monstrous nap.
Reading "The Blessing of Declaring 'Never Again!'".
MT : Blame myself if I am persistently frustrated about the same things.
. what about "Jay-Z and Kanye West Present: Watch the Throne II (A Nick Schurk and Tony VanHart Production)"
Sleepover with the girls! Movie time!! <U+E12A> Even tho it's like 11:00am haha
America comes upon great depression, yet Americans remain stupid #SuperBowl Man
MBA, which may take longer but make you more marketable.
Ima turn into a hot wing
Ugh how culd u not miss me...u
oh pinterest. Haha, no new plugins till we upgrade our php version (without breaking the site) I'll give it another go soon
Whoever gave first place votes for Kawhi Leonard and Iman Shumpert over Kyrie Irving for Rookie of they Year needs their vote revoked.
Ready for day 3 #AI!
So are we doing the dark lip again? Saw a TON of it at the #MetBall last night. I'm scared, gurl.
STEAMED MUSSELS Maple walnut Parmesan chip 2008 Riesling, Charles Smith ½Kung Foo Girl ½, Washington 89pt
Awesome, oh wow Like totally freak me out I mean right on Toros sure are number one
With that avatar, YOU'RE disowning US? Hello, kettle, this is pot - you are black
You will get the write up soon! I hope all is well. Be Blessed and thanks for your support!
After school naps >>>>>>
With all of the events happening in Chicago this summer your commute may be disrupted. Have your office prepare by downloading Visimeet.
Haha, perfect! Let's just say it was for the first reason.
Avengers not bad
uh oh I only vaguely remember that boat ride. Hmm should I even ask?
This a fan account.(:
Thank God you are okay! Get some rest! Don't over do it today! Giving thanks! REST!!!
freaking out. where are y'all?
If You Can Make Me Laugh Your A Keeper
haha nice! i wish i could go to the beach.
huge hit. Hope it breaks him out of his slump! Go O's!
Dumanis begins by saying she's made tough decisions, and we need someone to make tough decisions in city hall.
Your smile is your best accessory ~Love Dove
On my way to my festival in gregmont performing in a little bit :D
DeansLIST - #schools could track student behavior choices to watch for student trends.
Am I too old to write the girl I like a note that reads:Do you like me?? (check one) __yes __no __anal?
I hope you been ok:) like school so far?
When you gone be back in the city big cuz?....
I don't know if it's cause I'm used to seeing my nonexistent ass but Nicki Minaj's ass genuinely scares me
Looking forward to the working with my new medical students starting this week
Jackie Brown (1997), first time on film. Last seen on 28 May 2008, on DVD
living on a prayer is playing now...i may or may not show them how Badgers do it. Dont know if they can handle this. :-)
What are you doing, thinking?Talk to us!
Randy last I heard you suck dick,, you cock sucker
joined the club....
You bet! Here's one now. :)
#AskVP Joe, is it true that your going out on a comedy tour after politics?
Is becoming a rapper/DJ a white kid Canisius College things, or are white suburbanites everywhere trying to make it big?
Thanks... my 26.2 time is 4:24... but I'm hoping for low 4 by EOY. I'll channel my inner Alex and finish strong.
": Prince Harry's plane has touched down in Jamaica."
All things Cannes
it should be shipped out already! You may have to ask !
you gotta own it if you want it c;
Never mind the cash, I don't have the wardrobe to pull off
So much to say...
Now testifying: Carol Goss, President of Skillman Foundation
haha I didn't mind the music.. But the mouse head is a different story!
you've got my vote! Good luck.
- Thanks for the RT. Looks like it's getting chilly where UR. I trust you're getting your thermals out of the closet...
RT : Tornado ON GROUND around 450 South/1000 East in Montgomery county. Near SR 75.
y u on my timeline??!! Lol
awesome ppl of the world, you are the reason why I love my life! Can't wait to be a daddy in only 28 days!!!!!!!
ok, Atlanta Branch NAACP. Meetings are monthly at Nt. Ephraim Church, usually second Thursday.
Thanks Matt!
please email song to
I feel like everyone's five when they use I'd cap that.
Hollie was really hungry, and I love her speaking and singing voices. Honestly Phillip with those facial expressions scares me lol
You will know that forgiveness has begun when you recall those who hurt you and feel the power to wish them well
true even so the new stock exhaust sounds fantastic especially with the flaps open
Not Trending Yet Come on #wildwesley you can do better
Woo! #Packers!
Ah..now I remember why I dislike Santorum so so much.
Re-reading the creepy, twisty, funny THE WRONG MOTHER by for mystery book group
Big announcement on Recall Walker Effort from at noon today. We'll keep you updated on both sides here at
They really aren't. I think we max out at 4 lanes in one direction and that's only through large cities.
wishing she could twitter faster. Maybe I'd get more work done.
Start having fun with less worries n life becomes easier.
I'm looking for love. Real love. Ridiculous, inconvenient, consuming, can't-live-without-each-other love.
This is nice of puck
Tornado siren! Better put some pants on
Lasagne in the oven. Sick little boy on the couch. A day I'm thankful to be able to work from home.
I absolutely think that more people should have beer summits to resolve differences.
Thankful to be with family, our abundant thanksgiving meal, and social media!
Now if only Mitt could do it.": Paul Ryan, my favorite politician, is demolishing Obama's demagogic budget speech earlier today."
where do I get one??
I guess its a chill at home day. -.- yay!
The goal of life is living in agreement with nature
Does the senior need #medical care or help with everyday errands, hygiene and home care issues?
&quot;Transformers&quot; producer has new films in the works - Chicago Tribune
Just finished giving my dry-run presentation on #hydraulics. #or11 here I come!
biz a usual. good weekend. Jen took Mom's Day early to enjoy an all day Hair Band RockFest sans kids y'day in-laws 45th anni.
RT : Happy last day of classes to some #IU students, good luck on the first day of finals to others!
team 11 cheated!
Looking for something to do? #Something2doOnATuesday is always good times. #TacosandTequila will be flowing!
Who needs sleep...apparently not this girl!!
Stevens grabs the mic. He points out that love and friendship got Richards nothing in the end. But his determination for gold has paid off
I can even barely read the board in English class! & okay. ;P
Well It Better Be Like That...... Haha Just Kidding
aww baby your cute ;>
Whoa, Really? Never? Is it natural? Lol This is some fascinating stuff here! I'm interested! Tell me all about it! (O___o)
Then we will make it so.
I don't get it, where do you hide the liquor? I've found bellies work best.
<sniff sniff>
? RT : Who wants to teach me spanish?
I JUST GOT A TWEET LIMIT ON
Hanging with my tomahawk girls tonight!!!! Yah yuh :)
I totally remember Joe from RW Miami! Life is full of strange coincidences.
hahaha, thank you. Tragedy averted! :)
You as well, Dorothy! :)
Don't let your special someone go out tonight without a tan! Come in for an airbrush tan $35 per session.
aw I hate test lol :p
Hi ! thanks 4 the RT, I am now following you , follow back please?
Damn you.
i Followed back.
nothing bout to go to bed z
I am pretty sure will sellout over Tracy's cold dead body. :)
AWESOME! Thanks for sharing.
ready for tomorrow?!
I've now learned to trust no one, but myself. Freaking backstabber.
how are you going to do that? Unilateral talks w the Iranian govt?
We do have a new digital media studies program, but it looks like they only offer an undergrad major at the moment. :-(
,you are my dream, There’s not a thing I won’t do. I’ll give my life up for you, Cuz you are my dream. <3
You must! You must!
are you seriously in a theater? Lol
Watching X-Men The Last Stand <3
Keep telling myself im not gunna get shity about it, when deep down i am. Damnit, blake was right ;/
new youtube interface
Eminem lovers 'FOLLOW' this fan page...
Welcome to the club RT : I wish I was seeing Avengers tonight, instead i'm cleaning out my fridge and making plans to run away
i bet you can find it and make it ;)
Watching Celebrity Apprentice
Your crazy by the way, lol
Wow - not good
Horace Grant is up their in that pantheon as well
or even just a reply. It would honestly make my life!!!
HAHA. Chances are they will do that for you, if I had to guess lol.
Who is excited about #kylestock at 4am?
Me too! Nice!
I'm not having nearly enough fun -- I am alone -- without and the rest of the #nurfc staff at
thanks for following us :)
I'm ready to kick some ass today. ;)
Not ready for it to end.. #trueblood I wana do bad things with you! 27 mins & counting :)=
i am em28alonso we talked(You and i) when Sarah was at hospital all mg condolensces.!
Happy they were returned to you. Sunglasses are always nice to have & a bummer to lose :) #Lost&Found
Children are the most desirable opponents at scrabble as they are both easy to beat and fun to cheat.
Warm welcome to
: The linked article "Four Things Your Morning Routine Shouldn't Lack" includes positive thinking. :)
In for the Kill - la roux/skrillex remix
GET READY YALL! HERE COME B-DOGG! JANUARY 6TH IM PERFORMING AT CLUB RED @ THE YUKMOUTH SHOW!!!!! THEN IM GOING HARD @ THE MLK BBQ!
: Great starting point. Focus on whatever it is that makes u, you. You were uniquely designed. Find your gift! <-- Agree!
I just had to find a faster way to your page page so I mentioned you to get there faster by clicking your name
Such as?
7pm meet you at irving park blue line station?
where you guys hoopin today?
RT : Please RT Documentary about struggling families shows human face of America’s economic crisis...
Just got another new client:)
5 more school days...
my pleasure. It sure was an experience being in the same room as him. The man pulls no punches whatsoever!
I haven't seen/heard of any CIAA party plans. For those that asked, we will not be protesting or picketing.
nothing will happen unless a bunch of people report the same person :)
thank you!!! :-) yes I am so blessed
Wonderful. RT : Was able to make some serious decisions this week thanks to the reflections of #reverb10 /
music in the air!
thanks! It was definitely crazy!
Ooh I like!!! I want something like that with the slip removed to wear as a swimsuit coverup. ;)
"I just got a sweet job washing dishes, only thing is I have to wash the meat dishes" I seriously just overheard that in a bar.
Thank you!
Do you have #kids ? We have a bunch of #toys very cheap! Some are up for #auction right now!
#1000AfricanWaysToDie questioning your parents
NO-- especially if they continue to assess state and federal income taxes!
Celebrate President's Day by enjoying some ice cream with us!
Crazy ass people at carrabba's holy hell!!!!!
I bet thats a nice lil weekend paycheck.
i hate when i have to go to school in the morning but i cry every morning bc i dont wanna go to school bc i feel like i have no friends
Awesome! We'll see you there! as soon as I land back at home sun, im taking a taxi to !!!
gorgeous day here in Calif! January...but only needed a sweater today. No coat! Yay!
before the battle? Jermaine
Ah! Hahaha! What songs are on there anyway?
lmao -_- what? Y'all weird.
"Over the years I have learned that what is important in a dress is the woman who is wearing it" - Yves Saint Laurent
Baldwin and Buckley are eloquent speakers however Buckley didn't stand a chance in the debate.
I hate Pitbull.
On the new Crazy taxi pinball machine!!
Hey dudes! Got a lot coming your way, so keep checking Deathbeat Jam's twitter for more!
Ladies and gentleman my instacanvas will be up by the morning !!!!!!! :)
#nosleepgang usually on purpose, now I can't help it.
We will be closed for lunch today due to kitchen repairs. We will know later today if we will can re-open for dinner. We apologize!
106 & park ain't even good anymore
Getting my training in so we are ready to get up and running!!
I never wanted to be your whole life. Just your favorite part. <U+2665>
In palm desert for a couple days. This city is gorgeous!
“: And I'm wrapped w/ my morning news anchors from NBC7 - back there tomorrow night!”. TY Melissa !!!
If she can't hang with you because she isn't aloud to date
I spent this whole game looking for ways to travel from NYC to DC with a small pet. There are none.
Can I hit it in the morning?
Even though it's raining, it's a beautiful day cause God opened my eyes this morning.
Quoting a Lady at Smith's grocery store. "Is crab & lobster covered by EBT?" I'm buying her seafood w my tax money. FCKU THAT
<U+266A>We Don't Even Need To Fight Everything Will Be Alright Nothing Even Matters But You & I<U+266A>
needs viewers to send in their own Touchdown Dances!! Just shoot on your phone and email to: Thanks!
my intentions are vicious, ruthless and ambitious
LOVED seeing you in WI today. Can't wait to edit/share my video footage from the breakout session. (+ loved yer #Breitbart words)
...through an interesting military career outlining the sacrifices made and the war-torn places visited....
Things I do when stressed: eat & clean. Things I've done at layout today: eat & clean.
Thanks so much ! :DD
If you are not willing to risk the unusual,you will have to settle for the ordinary.
I am by no means an Avengers comics fan, but that movie ROCKED. Insanely great movie. Can't say enough good stuff about it
are you ever like self conscious in a locker room
yea sporting that #PinkMink coat on top of that epic gears shirt
NO ONE can kick my ass better than I can >)
Yep! Seems to go hand-in-hand with the worry thing!
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
go get 'em!
Trivia time at
Sounds awesome...best of luck!
my ? for the Pres: what do Detroiters need to do to ensure we are a good place for the Fed Gov to invest and partner with us?
Tracing our roots with the release of the 1940 census. Join us now on 90.3.
We're off to Campo de la Cruz, Santa Lucía, and Manatí today!
Another pearl from the Dowager Countess: "Don't be defeatist dear, it's very middle class."
I took my septum out about three weeks ago and it's still not healed. o:
aol AIM dumps the running man logo, the famous purple Yahoo! SF billboard is going away... what is going on?
Is it aimed at treating prostate cancer? Often there is a choice b/w surgery and radiation for that.
Let your Wicked creative side fly
What was it like working with Aaron Tveit on A Girl Walks into the Bar?
Tomorros shosw 20 tic left but we're doing a special pay what you wish for our twitter followers on NEW reservations. Just mention the
It's haters like you who wait til we lose to start running your mouth. I can't stand that shit.
Avengers was a great movie that made me tipsyly note that teraflop is a funny word. Yay drafthouse!
to the after party
:) i cant wait to see it
Finally off work (phew!)
i'm being tested by the Greek gods
It's a nice day! I'm gonna go for a walk. *step outside* what the- THE SUN! IT BURNS! RT if this is you. :)
thanks for the shout !
I'm watching Rebirth Brass Band at New Orleans Jazz Festival 2012 watcha wanna!
Its amazing out
Hi Marlene, thanks for following my twitter.
hell yes!!!
can you send us more info??
it's a daily must
All athletes follow and add the facebook page at facebook.com/lacedfacts
Just got out of another top performer meeting at work. It was fun. :-)
TY for the mention!
Marshall-ism of the Day: “Time is the great equalizer. How will you invest yours?”
What a delightful meal we had! The perfect spot to celebrate Valentine's Day.
I have not talked to #oomf in a min thats my nigga.!
A-Town Veteran, the official #urban#fiction #novel is on #kindle for 99 cents.
who is excited for this game? Who is going to win?? I have a feeling the galaxy may take a close match over RSL
great reminder! sometimes we're waiting for others to cheerlead us to victory... nope!
Oh thanks!!
where you at bro why anit you showing up on monday night raw
I miss u too! I work today het off @ 5. When are u gonna come see the new house????
hahaha!! I've always been creeped out by the possibility of a bus falling on it's side when they take curves...
Loving Chicago Midway airport: comfy seats and lots of outlets for my laptop
Interesting note about Farraday. We have terrible Poddy Mouths...
yeah I know.
home watchin the a-team best line ever: Lt. Templeton 'Faceman' Peck: Alpha, Mike, Foxtrot! In other words, Adios... Mother..
Busy Busy Week But I just won an ipod touch from !!!!! Cant wait I have been wanting one since they came out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ffollow me doe
I knowz! I love me some Jesus and Mary Chain too!
Muldoon Pizza waitress: "Do you guys remember how many beers you had? You drank us out of Michelob light."
#threewordstoliveby TRUST IN GOD!
School is a mess....when u work hard towards getting it...
i'll take note of that. Thanks Jenna :)
Yeah, I'm glad everythings back to normal.
You should come by early because I'm pretty sure I don't understand backbone correctly :-)
It was all a conspiracy, lol!
Wowan in front of me is reading a book called Getting Things Done. She also already received a cc award tonite.
we out of here
Italian Birthday Cake vinyl: 7" on top of a 10" on top of a 12", covered in mini-cd's and shredded cassette tape.
we just saw Street Car Name Desire!!!! Fantastic Play and performances
Steve Kerr is an idiot!
mother in law
Wow! That's amazing they raised that amount of funds so quickly! Looking forward to checking out the film.
I hear you, I saved up for a while for mine. But it's a keeper. ;-)
Wow, Thnx Man, Rewind, 2001. UR prime time show. I got on stage with Sheila E and sang "Baby One More Time". u gave me ur email
Easter sprinkles start today. Aw yeah.
Last week, pizza week. This week, donut week.
do it. It is a fantastic co-op game easily accessible to all levels of gamers from adjacent to experienced.
Keep your head up i got you bro anytime
#cavs game tomorrow. suck it, lakers.
Pulled hip muscle (I think). The waddle suggests prolonged pain. This sucks.
I did not jus get bit by a mosquito:P
Brand new everything ! #Swagg,!
Tweeps: Let's share high-brow, conceptual Halloween costume ideas for this year.
"what was the ballpark like in evansville, indiana?" "it didn't even matter."
About time to invest in that umbrella
Herbert Clark Hoover~ When there is a lack of honor in government the morals of the whole people are poisoned.
It's not as good as I remember.
Puberty clearly went right for One Direction.
Happy Mother's Day! <3
Monster jam (;
A person can apologize and we can forgive them, but sometimes we just can't forget the pain that they gave us.
I've never liked that phrase. Yours is much better
Gonna try & sleep with this horrible sore throat.
just made my morning seeing him Live on my television. Haha
Sittin in the jacuzzi,beats on,thinking n relaxing
What r u talking about ???
MY GO NO
Between the orioles and caps, I'll never get to sleep early.
So, just a coincidence on the avatar? ;-)
is still busy ;o :cc you have no idea how i miss our awesome conversations :\ wish I could talk more with you as before
No I'm not dead >.>...not that anyone cared to ask or anything :3
No I don't want to plug in my phone right now-low battery. If I refuse then I will be forced to stop reading my ebook-the only way I'll stop
Yes!!!! That's awesome! Thank you!!!
They should start, Barnes at point, Ebanks at the 2, Hill, 3, Gasol, 4, Bynum, 5. lmao Bring kobe old ass off the bench
me too! Teddy has a nice life
my name's cleatus. i like chewin, eatin spoons, but mostly i like tying my balls to a stool and throwin it against the wall
Say. It. ZAYN IS VAIN.
Timeline is soonish. I'd like the survey asap. Final question is contact info to schedule the interview in 1-2 weeks.
we are??
Need a DB
Without question, it would have to be Twisted Metal.
Whose ready for the jams?? Can't wait for you to hear em!!
Stop burping right next to me and go to the Fucking bathroom
She said " Bugatti I'm in love wit ur songz" I said" which one?" She said "Uuhh I like em all" Love his songz...
Hit me up homie
Testifying on SB 1238, Former State Sen. Penfield Tate says we can't keep importing an educated workforce. We agree!
yay for Saabs. Most of the design of the 900 made no practical sense but I'd buy another used one in a second.
I never have to work with my boss gotta love it!!!
Thanks! We like that one too :)
As an #Aries you're a pro at trying anything new, always filled with invincible energy in other words, you're the perfect first date.
Boston is no match for the Blue Shirts. Richards was a great pick up! Go Rangers
Ok just makin sure you got it
Lmaoooo RT : and I'm dead...build your leg strength up
congrats- that is just GREAT
I appreciate all the followers... I really do but I don't like when they don't have a picture to show who they are. :/
Getting booed is the least of these Brewers' problems.
the Brewers only have 5 in the lineup.
#stress is going to drive me to the edge! I don't handle anxiety well....and I am full of it lately...Keep on keepin on, right??
God gives us different passions so everything he wants done in the world will get done. Never belittle someone's Godly passions.
How is Ethan??
A social entrepreuneur utilizes new media platforms to influence positive change personally & on a level of service
RT You never really stop loving someone. You just learn to try to live without them.
Looking forward to the world of twitter!
He who sings scares away his woes.
yep setbacks are not good! Thanks
I turned on my tv and channing tatums face is right there.. <333 ah my day has been made [:
on my vacation until jan
HELL!YES!Btw, I'm thinking you should roll out your mixtapes, not just release all on the same day. Let some excitement mount
They say stop, I say no, they say Pries, please don't go, well what if I die they night they shot, how many life's do I got?
Flight booked and house rental secured...end-of-summer trip to Maine 8/26-9/5 !!!!
There goes my plan of fleeing the country.
Oh sure, have him there "in office" the week I am NOT coming to see you. ;)
is just working here until a good fast food job opens up
Don't Stop Pop That Pussy Lemme You Doo Doo Brown !
I want to be in a Pepsi Commercial.
You too! I'm finding my migraines are getting worse w/ age (like everything else.) See you later!
How 'bout our CHILI GLAZED CHICKEN SUPREME, pickled baby carrots, danish bleu cheese sauce, celery water
I swear if Noel goes to play for Bunk from #thewire...“: mystery team is Providence. Still think he goes to Georgetown.”
dont say that! Embrace that shit :) just dont let it run you
naw the orig place got leased so ya boy been scouting. DM ya email and I'll send the link.
I followed(:
we must hang out :)
Picking daughter up from piano
She say she fwm da long way
turn dat got damn music down!! Lol!
hope the wedding was went good...
"you're only on page six?" "I'm trying to read and watch tv at the same time."
we need to get south Florida standing by the panthers. Sun sentinel needs to start reserving space on 1c. It's our year.
"This food, was not satisfactory"...there was a mouse in mine.
no probs bro. I can't wait to be workin with people like yall. I love the way yall are passionate about the craft.
We're back to our regular hours this week! Come check out our new spring colors - we are getting new things in every day.
Sweet! Have fun, that should be a good counting workout!
Milly, your straight is showing. -
So let's do it like they do it on Discovery Channel
Happy Mother's Day Weekend. Share with us a favorite meal or dish that your mother used to make when you were young! #f&fluvsmoms
how would that even work? O.o
For Food Allergy Awareness Week we're chatting w Join in 1hr:
We were recently told that the LoBurn is our best roll ever. Which do you think is the best?
Beer, Sweet Beer.
yeah, you were all about screaming that last night... To be far it does only happen once.
miss u hiefers!!!!
I have a lot of academic setting & clerical exp, but it doesn't seem to cut it with the lib jobs search. Le boo hoo
missed the convo but I assume "Mandigo" is a guys funstick?
I'm watching the wizard of oz, and you came into my head, DOROTHY<3 hehe, please tweet me?:) ill be forever happy<3333
Hot dogs! Yum(:
Am I blind or is there no Big 109 and 320 6m today???
true dat! Debbie was the other girl! Ha I love it!
Hate being cold.. That's why I'm not in NY.. It still be 40 something degrees in the morning
Who's watching The Bodyguard tonight on Lifetime?
#NBC must have heard my threats about starting a riot if they canceled Parks & Rec. We get more Knope next year!
yeah for real! She is taking over the internetZ
You're welcome! Happy Friday to you, too - hope your weekend is awesome!
help us get more followers, RT if you support us!!!!
Back to my santuary for a good night of reading.
f4f? Love ur quotes about austin
Awesome! Thxs for thinking of that! We'll see you there
barely got the ticket link 4 in LA 5min ago instead of 10am. everything below $50 is sold out.. sux some were $35!! bummer
Srsly!! RT If this weather would just stop being so dang beautiful it would be easier to sit in my office & accomplish things
I checked out Tag'z today. I doubt I'll ever buy my meat somewhere else again.
Your 2011-2012 #MISL #MVP....GEISON!! Thank you for all that you did this season Geison and Congratulations on this well-deserved honor!
she's awesome! And congrats on your mortgage!
i received my permit, without ever operating a motor vehicle before in my life lmfao. i should really learn to drive now.
These Monday right refs are hoRRible
I am not sure about the #JonathanVilma suspension, because while he looks to be a ringleader of the program, a season may be a bit too much.
After all these years, I still enjoy watching
Im too paid to be fighting with you broke niggas
will anyone get sleep tonight? this is huge night. doubt anyone will go in to work tomorrow.
your wish has been granted.
#THE BIRD IS THE WORD
uuugghh that's what I need to do
noo way they would love to see that goyne face of urs
your welcome bro?
I hope everyone has a great Halloween and be safe:)
and seems to me that is repeating the narrative of "community decline" -- the ur-narrative of sociology.
yea, i just thought it was ridiculous. Install this for free chicken. i'm not that hungry, lol. How u doing today?
Microsoft: Macs 'not safe from malware, attacks will increase' - ZDNet (blog)
Problem w/ twitter is celebrity women think people want to hear what they think. Lol right sweetie, ur famous b/c of ur intelligence.
Can't believe I had to pick up my 5th grade sister from someone's house bcuz of bullying. Unbelievable. Don't mess with my family
Ya, I'm ok thx...my b/f is def not tho. They burnt his whole leg ruined the carpets in his car & will need to attend to this.
are you doing an Omeka workshop at #MARAC spring meeting?
We Blasting tonight at Cities restaurant and lounge in L.A. tonight. Happy Birthday!!!...you know who you are!!!!
RT ": The weekend is a time for peace and quiet. Because no one wants to hear loud noises when they're hung over."
come with!
ur amazing i love you! retweet if u love me back!
tweeted next set
Dear girls that cried when they got their belly button pierced, uhm I didn't even feel anything to cry about. LOL.
Fuck it, I'm live tweeting the
I miss you! :( English sucks without u!!
dirk smith is an awful man
Busy bee. Maybe
Glad I'm a Grizzly Fan.
Why does it have to be so cold :(
Heating up some hormel chili. My favorite.
"Chicago seems a big city instead of merely a large place." - A. J. Liebling, first to designate #Chicago "The Second City," 1949
Im good man hbu?
but that's what it says on the bottom lounge website...... :(
On my way to The Chocolate Bar for a red velvet cupcake.
#IfIDontGetBelieveTickets I'll sit in front of the entrance of the arena and cry. Who knows, I might as well get lucky..
Thanks so much for 23 followers on my first day! My other twitter only has 15 followers and it has 500 tweets and I've had itsince 09 thanks
Html and css dominate my life right now
immaturity pisses me off the most
The price of fame is that you are envied, copied, and then discarded.
umm i just bece a tweeter and i m still new to how it all works but are random people you dont know supposed to follow you& do i followback
We played at eat at Loews. They had us in the round and the staff were awesome to us..Great venue.
So far at #occupytimessquare, cops and protesters are behaving, each on their respective side of the barricades.
Anyone else wondering if Nolan Ryan can still bring it? The Giants are eating this up.
yeah, the cartoon is funny!
[]I miss my baby <U+2665>:'(Dashawn <U+2665>
How the heck are you still lyng to me still?
And I think imma get my micros today...
the marlins are expressing interest in everyone! I even got a phone call
yes. I was. Perhaps I Might I have seen you though I stayed for only 10 minutes because i had to leave to meet w/my tenant.
Thursday evening
Oh boy! are you sitting? 14 almost 15. Yeah, yeah, I know, part of my problem w/ the biz. But I am catching up to myself. :-)
Saved a worm from the clutches of the hot pavement.
are you gonna tweet me today? (:
CASTING NEWPORT'S FINEST!: If U or someone u know lives in Newport, RI is charismatic & is in the know - let us know!
RT IF YOU THINK SHOULDN'T HAVE GOTTEN DETENTION FOR THE COWBELL INCIDENT.
When he says hi and you just can't stop smiling.
One of the best ways to analyze is to just design something. via Michael Allen
Playing a 25$ rebuy. Had AA cracked by 45o in the third hand. (after i 5bet pre) Rebought and have doubled up since.
: ) Hey kinda like that one!! I got used to =D That's a LOUD smile!!
This Caps Rangers series has been incredible.... On to game seven
Sorry I should have started with, hey everybody. Hope your all enjoying this beautiful day. Stop by and see us @ the public market on sat.
when you link your XBL and PSN accounts to sometimes it checks in for you. It has done it for me on occasion. 'AT'
Growing up, all I wanted was a father figure. Me & Mom alone every dinner.
smells like grill for as far as the nose can sniff.
Dreamt that the storage wars people were bidding on my stuff
Historically, most CardiANAL greats still played like crap. #BeHereAllWeek #HaveYouTriedTheVeal?
where?? I would love to know!
How did it go?
In the we hours of friday morning
Young and living my life.
Different from the original, (the band who did that originally are playing in darlington :L )
oh true... That's messed up
I was and I wasnt...all it takes to score is one shot...but they had their chances
Can never trust a hoe. My head all fucked up.
Sharing is caring. Unless its an STD
i didn't know that. Rookie Maldonato on the pole! This will be an interesting race.
Two location scouts today and some b-roll shooting. Looking to be a very busy week.
Who precisely composes the "counter-jihad movement"? Ppl who question th legitimacy of "militant Islam"? Victims? Dissidents? Heretics? CIA?
60% of ol retail prodcts in dept/specialty/on line stores can b manfactred in our #America without raisng d csts of d prodcts to the consmr.
you are amazing and i love you in the Big Bang Theory<3(:
And you follow fellow NC'an , right? Brilliant music, but I think you'd appreciate John Darnielle's tweets.
It's not so pretty today! I'm congested, so you didn't miss out. Are you going to the Marquis event on Thurs? xoxo
Well, then take a carnap pic!
What do people in China call their good plates?
look how quickly my brother trades teams RT : I've never wanted the bruins to win more than I do right now
lol blah fine have fun without me :( haha
Can't wait for another successful year!
Passion and Rebellion, sounds like your archetype is "The Catalyst", just like !
Our Mobile Adoptions Unit will be at PETCO today from 10am-2pm 3601 Old Airport Road Suite C
who tf are you? Take yo young underclass ass home bitch
how do you get so many followers
I still love your crazy churchpoint ass <3
im just praying he sees it :)
I'm officially making it standard to reject any and all resumes, while scouting talent. It just seems like the right thing to do.
Level one Hazmat, Tremont @ Mass. Ave, traffic is a mess...
i think i have seen every episode with my lil sister lol
I wish too but, hopefully I can influence people to wanna help and do what I do!
why don't we just hop on chat roulette and see what happens?
Hey! For my new #philly site. Just sent you a direct message.
That shirt was a good purchase. Gets similar rxns in real life. You flatter me, sir.
4 double cheeseburgers with no buns with a side of hard-boiled eggs.
let me put something in ya life !
I think I want to buy a zoo.
sorry we missed you. We ran with T2. Did you do frontrunners?
nice to have a friend like that then
THINKING BOUT U
All Time Low's acoustic version of Break Out! Break Out! is beautiful <3
I like this one
No that's not Bill Paxton I'm referring to. It's Tim SomethingErOther.
TRAFFIC: - Lane Closures/Maintenance today 9a-3p - NB Hwy 151 just south of Sun Prairie. Only one lane open.
The importance of good friends should never be underestimated. similarly, it was once said "you can judge a man by the company he keeps"
In order to achieve success, you must put in work to over come the obstacles.
Wait.... You're paying $20 a month for Vonage? and VoIP works for fax? News to me on both.
Watching The Last Unicorn. Cause I'm that awesome.
#Cooked... #Ate... but I want pizza!
yes i can link you if you want?
yea i know im awesome like that lol ": It is always somebody that gives me a reason to laugh."
Lmfao. "glad y'all are leaving" BAH. alright.
Ditto! Can't wait to see the dynamics shift when Uma Thurman shows up!
I'm gonna try to come up to Reno! :) I'll txt and let ya know have a great one if I don't tho! :D
Hey Rebecca! iLuvU&UR MUSIC! #BackOffHaters! RT&FOLLOW PLZ! &i have LIKE A LOT OF DREAMS&U r my one inspirations! #MuchLove!
Some chicken wings.. that does sound good!!
10 pages paper due in 10 hours.
“: no lead is safe in the playoffs” Memphis proved that last night LMFAO
Wonder when its going to flat line. : $EURUSD hourly looks like an EKG chart
In five years no one will be using a mouse for any input. Nice demo of touchscreen moves
#imhappiestwhen I'm with the ones I LOVE! <3
yess! Score and NO ONE can use them(: unless they know pass a 1D quiz haha
OH MY FREAKING GOD HOLY CRAP #CANTWAIT #SOOOEXCITED #LOVETHEM AH!
a let me know if you wanna remix "she the baddest!! the beat snatchin!!!
gm freak mama
shes from london her name is jessie j she has a song called price tag thats all over youtube
Day 1@#2012c19 Overcoming post-recovery neglect of A-A texts; boredom as archival possibility; and the affect of environmental materials!
Vacation starts now! So excited! Road trip with my baby!!
People who complain about their job on Facebook and Twitter are idiots.
#QuestionsWomenH8 "Is that a real tan?"
I stand by writing every day, networking as much as possible, and never being pushy... Also, sell out the first chance you get.
Back in Waunakee for the week
follow me
4 homeruns in a major league game. Holy shit
my mind is on
As much as acting as GM of Moto is great experience/practice, I miss our real GM! I hope he feels better soon!
WE ABOUT TO MAKE A MOVIE BRO!!! SORRY FOR THE DELAY I'M A LITTLE TWITTER ILLITERATE LMAO!
H.O.T.M. Housewives of team mindless (; lmaoo
Movie isn't as uncomfortably creepy at the book! Struggled with the book-movie was good.
thanks for the follow I'm passionate about Santa Fe and Taos
Called it "ramblings and theories" and made a sticky. Yet I have more research invested that 99.9% of forum posters on tpt.
So many complex ideas get reduced on Facebook to: here's a long cliched statement you should post to your wall for this group.
Have to be up at 12:30am to stand in a line all day!! Tomorrow's going to be a long, fun day.
In 2010 495 girls were exploited every month on the streets of Atlanta - Wellspring Living, Atlanta
I think your riddle just stumped me there ..!
oh hai, i just wanted to tell you, i love you. a lot. <3 x
back in the day you could take ya kids to #LightUpNight w/out chaos...now noone is safe after 10pm
Right on it is on now
Jogging 60 minutes a day. Life is good.
Indeed. RT : reading all the upset tweets about feels like too delicious schadenfreude.
Dude, i swear! RT At Sam's club and just had to grab a hotdog... They have thee best ones
I WAS JUST ABOUT TO SAY THAT!!!!! You read my mind!! :P
What exactly is IRONIC about this? RT "There's a dude at the #occupyseattle protest with a mac book pro #ironic"
rejection from a friend isn't telling you to keep trying, it's telling you that you should just stop and find a new friend:/
you're an asshole! Don't be mad cuz I evolved and you look exactly the same as in 94 lol
The Avengers was fuckin aweeesommme. Thanks to another great movie night
lol.....don't get mad cuz the truth hurts, am just picking, trying a lil fun with u
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 74
you going to carlos house tomorrow for his birthday shed?
F*ck it! Im following ANYONE who Follows within the next 10 minutes. #HURRY IM CHECKING!
whats everyone up to on funday sunday?? enlighten me~
RT - New England: Doing it the 'Patriots Way' (winning zero titles) since 2005. Get over yourselves, ya bunch of entitled...
Mostly online learning allows you to access lectures day and night. You can review what you have forgotten or need it brushed up.
Tonite at with 10 girls - The Only Tuesday Night in Boston - behind the bar, top that Ha!
If wrinkles must be written upon our brow, let them not be written upon the heart. The spirit should not grow old.” ? James A. Garfield
I just ate the BIGGEST bowl of cereal ever... And I do NOT regret it!
The main message of #Philippians is to "Live as citizens of the gospel of the King."
I signed up; will check it out. Happy Labor Day Weekend!
yup! Next time, I suppose.
LOL! How so?
whoops, sorry! Really didn't think the scissors scenario could be possible.
Yay beta-carotene, lutein & zeaxanthin RT best veggies for eyes are carrots, spinach, bean sprouts, endive, celery, and cucumber.
well im going to work on temple run, maybe now i can reach my goal of 2,000,000 yes barely but im working on it
UHH I should be WAKING up to HOT BREAKFAST...ITS MY DAY ha whatt???
lol Mariners EL OH EL
Bieber's really annoying about the date thing. u should call him on it, yank his pants down right there... theatre, darling.
The film is as tough as adamantium. Wolverine from the X-Men will vouch for that.
i think thats the only way i will be able to move on
I don't want a girlfriend, but I really like sandwiches.
Not only The Roses, but now The Happy Mondays & Inspiral Carpets also reforming & touring this summer? 1991 all over again.
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether Britney and Justin..no couple ever again like them! #TeamPinky #Team Stinky
Happy New Years to you Legacy. From your biggest fan, Antoine. Got your cds and love ur music. I would do anything to meet you
Hurry back to DC. We just have earthquakes, floods, hazardous heat, and really, really mean mosquitoes.
a'ight. sent to your name at your initials labs dot net.
Gratitude is the cure for guilt.
what is your preference? Whiteboard vs. Chalkboard
My motivation right now is seriously lacking
Haha ur funny. Can't believe that's my travel list last 6 months! Weird 2C it in writing like that. Signed, Bond. VanderBond.
Can we please talk about how awesome the movie Dazed and Confused is?
When you can fit your toddler in your LV bag it's time to recalibrate.
": ..... And not a single fuck was given today."
“: I find the moral outrage against a guy smoking weed absolutely hillarious” agree
I am listening to Nick Cave's Murder Ballads.
Still grindin the cash games nearly every day, thanks for asking ... Might play a few tourneys at
its okay!
Know your worth><:(
Ya see a guy with one leg, he's got a story
Gearing up for Artemisia's research study - If you are a Colorado botanic garden, zoo or other museum, did you make our list?
#birdman hasn't played a minute for Nuggets since March 25.
Did it Hurt ? . . When You Fell From The Whore Tree ? . . && Banged EveryOne On The Way Down !? <3
I have gone through every article I can find. The 115th touched a nation. It is amazing how many are affected by each unit.
I Don't This Shit Is Old Stfu
I think I love the internet too much.
hahaha that is hilarious
And the holiday weekend begins! Time to sit back and enjoy a cold one. To all of our tweeps.... be safe, responsible and have a blast!
The Mentalist with Richie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I am always happy to connect with RVA tweeps! Thanks for the FB!
for ur kiss monday ;D
What thing? :-)
same thing with adele's boyfriend!
That one guy who you think is gay but is really a pimp?
see one of our cutie engagement pictures! featured in the 4th anniversary issue of on pg. 294!!
NOPE! Smh! Just hit traffic in Marietta RT : r u serious? Yal still havnt gotten home?
With everything i got (:
2NITE @ UB's Broadway/Dobson "The Life&Times of the Blackbelt Theatre" Tour with Copywrite and Planet Asia 21&up U don't wanna miss this one
the food itself is different from Superior. More trendy/Americanized. The owner had no experience running a restaurant. The staff
Just discovered our TV package includes the sports channel showing the Rugby World Cup in U.S. - unbelievable excitement!!!!
I love you too crazy! :* Be safe if you do anything tonight. I hope I sleep too! >_<
Ewwweee! I have not. RT : 28% of employed Americans have had an affair with their boss.
Thanks! I agree!
hey! If you dm me your email address I'll send you some info:) hope your having a great day!
He's bleeding :(
are amazing and I f*cking love you. Come be my best friend and make me die from laughter everyday, okay? <U+2665>
Motherhood: All love begins and ends there. ~ Robert Browning
One more hour in the waiting seat!
#coworking is not a real estate play. Good luck with that
Can't wait for some JELLO and Nicki this weekend!!
same I have no life. :(
. race day! Good luck David Morgan Adam Burden & in Indy!
Having a cookie n cream shake
Wait what?!? What happened?!
thats my mama on my background!
Systematically addressing my "procrastination" list. I'm down to one task! I feel good! :)
Contrary to popular opinion, most purchasing is not based on the lowest price. Service is a key component in many buying decisions and can t
My mom drove me to the bus stop(: its to effing cold!!
that's awesome..I'm getting better..but I still freak out when they screaming
I had the exact same thought.
NASA Contractor Bids to Continue Flying Space Shuttle
're welcome here any time!
Thanks, man.
Silver Diner at BWI is *not* in Baltimore. All of BWI is not in Baltimore.
"An entire forest in the Northwest must have given its life in Xerox paper just for this one f**king trial." - Uncle Junior
how are you so funny and cute? that usually NEVER happens :) ha ha
yes! i produce and direct commercials for broadcast and the web. contact me
Nights like this make me wish I had a cat. Dog walks are no fun in the rain.
Smith: too many jury-rigged ontologies put out by riffraff. CTSA'ers need to standardize their own in their fields.
Why am I hungry??? Huh!
Nice coverage & show looks fantastic. Check it out! Sneak Peek: Cirque Du Soleil's TOTEM Headed To San Diego
Just added her as a facebook friend so I could secretly spy and make fun of her. What? It amuses me.
give shot out to my homie sike tonight! Hes gonna be in the house keepin drinks filled. So jealous
It's all that technology, all I can say it's all that technology for kiddies :D
Thanks for the follow Cesar! We are following back, Go Devils!
RT Brand your self like a product. This includes marketing, promotion and everything. People trust you then trust your products
My last night in Wisconsin for 10 days...
Dex: Y G O L O H C Y S P : Now thats what I call reverse psychology. Me: HAHAHAHA
Good luck w/your thesis!
lol for now i promise
We've landed at Farragut square, 17th and k, window opens at 1115. See you then
Guilty as charged C-SPAN's No. 1 fan -> MT The House just debated an amendment on dead polar bears in Canada.
Aww, have a great first day!
HA! That's the one! So to speak. The first time I saw that my jaw hung open and I may have cried.
A10. Burgers served hot off the grill juicy grass-fed beef with onions, cheese & pickles!
Holy cow has it been 1 month since ive used this account? Im sorry guys. I promise to be more active on here.
Crappy sports night :(
RIP Ralph MacDonald.
I must admit the Pacers are better than i thought
What was your favorite article in Issue 3??
Washington Redskins 13 Carolina Panthers 23 End Of 3rd #redskins #panthers #nfl (Via )
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
So many auction items, so little time! Only 1 hour left to peruse the silent auction tables & make your bids - don't miss out!
: Final Four tip times: Louisville-Kentucky at 5:09 CT. Kansas vs. Ohio St at 7:49 CT.
Hey #ABQ! #TGIF! What a hectic week it has been, enjoy the long President's Day weekend! Stay Safe!
At the #Pella holiday party! Really great to meet all those partners, wives, husbands, sons and daughters that help make it all possible.
Who wants to be at my mercy? 4-course dinner this Saturday for $25 at where your menu is at the "Mercy of the Chef"!
At magic time machine
RT Voted for Cameron Whitten today, your turn Portlanders.
Imma let the top down everyone I shoot thru... To give em motivation even tho they hatin
I miss Instagram...life isn't the same without my iPhone :(
3 somes every night fuck it let the dice roll.
EVERYONE, go follow ! He is cool as beans :)
Restlessness. MT : thanks for follow! Curious when profile incl "Deleted old twitter w 40000+ & restarting" Why?
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die tomorrow. James Dean
He followed me like last month and RTed mee
I can't RT your tweet (because it's protected?), but I'll resend. 88.9 is a great station. Thanks for the challenge grant.
That's cool, but I still think examples/websites/images/videos would be fun and potentially inspirational.
I leave for tour
In a shuttle going 2 #Sundance where 2 guys are having a deep conversation about the galaxy. Interesting, but so deep that im lost in space
First night of #Halloween festivities, what are you plans? We're also in need to some costume ideas!
Steeltown Entertainment Project: Connecting Pittsburgh with Hollywood since 2003.
yeah I think I saw you while I was rock climbing....your grandma was kicking your butt
McDonald's serves 1 percent of the world -- every day!
overlaps with this summer. May you two incredibly important events in my year please discuss & handle. Thank you.
Thank you, Kathy!
Whoa cab driver - don't need the attitude. If you would have gone the way I suggested, we wouldn't be sitting in mass traffic.
90% of the time
Guess what borough I am From.
Glad I'm not at SXSW this year. I can actually enjoy my birthday this time in a moderate climate under the shade of a banana tree.
Smh whatever. Going right back to sleep
Get your bitch ass in the kitchen and fix me some pie!!!! - Cartman
After three attempts to get me to numb up, the new crown cemented in. Feels incredibly smooth compared to the temp.
Establishing trust with prospects is critical to creating curiosity in my offering and getting them to admit needs, pains, and goals
Don't know what hand pies are but probably better than agreeing to make feet pies. At least you've got that bit of optimism?
I am too! The change between day 11 and 14 were miraculous!
I didn't realize things were that bad if that was the best part.
Just finished an office luncheon... maybe I can still catchup on the #weddingmarket chat!
If everyday flew by like this at work I'd be content :)
RT : Don't forget to buy your $5 ticket at the #prsms registration table. You could win a bike or GC
text me in the AM to remind me
sometimes it be twitter cause I notice I wasn't followin da one I been following but I didn stop follow some how it happend
When will Treyarch/IW update their engine? Every new game has more or less the same graphics, just a little bit updated ._.
Lord all I am is Yours<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Have fun with Sami and Emily, Amy! Good running into you this weekend. :) Cheers.
all caught up on 'girls'. It's annoyingly really good and more annoyingly getting better. I like it!
did you have the cream cheese from Bruegger's Bagels? Theirs is definitely the hottest i've tried!
Only gripe here about Distrust That Particular Flavor is that it's not 1000 pages long. More please!
How do you make your boobs bigger??
B/W came out like 2 wks before the 3DS. That's a license to print money that they willingly passed on.
AJ Green and Patrick Peterson both got 10 or lower on their wonderlic. Both made pro bowl as rookies. Claiborne will be fine.
coming to seattle anytime soon?
i dont know what im going to do without all my senior friends :'( ..... Which is 95% of my friends lol....im gonna be a loner.
glad you'll are jammin! Kitten fed time for some more <U+E13C>. You'll be good<U+E405> catch you later! :)
well I get a little tired of the whole live in the moment crap
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal.
Exhausted from that midnight screening of The Avengers. So worth it though. That movie is the shit!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!! I LOVE YOUR MUSIC SO MUCH!!
Finished two face, just needs a few touch ups, then on to mr. freeze. Mr.Freeze will be painted later today in the afternoon. Goodnight.
#GIANTSCHAT Hey Lance Thanks for holding it all together all season!
Had a fantastic dinner with and Paul Ott :)
Rockets collapse fittingly ends with a...collapse.
Congrats 2 the Chargers on their BIG win! 35-7 over Denver & back 2 .500 on the season. Good Game Bolts ;)
The NBA's crazy schedule this season is definitely wearing on my enjoyment as a full season ticket holder.
Nobody is going to take you seriously if you take bathroom pictures at high schools.
How you doin' today girl?
Im not having a good morning o:
Here in Market Star Global/Allerent Consulting we offer different packages that would suit your need. If the first three packages don't...
So proud of
that song that im not supposed to listen to just came on pandora *-*
Holy crap! My house literally just shook...
I go into a yoga position and blow myself dry.
awesome, will check it out!
Dude making money drawing cats...dream Big
If everyone watching #DWTS tonight could contribute just $1, we could make a film to let 19 million abused men know they're not alone.
last second, can't go to the game saturday. Let me know if anyones looking for tickets. Appreciated
I'm a joker, I'm a smoker, I'm a midnight toker.
Where do you work?!?!? They NEVER take us to the beach :)
One Monkey don't stop no show, but 2 red monkeys would make dat show super Live!
yes it does
np -- sorry to bug you
All good! A #madmen drink.
Whoa... Beautiful, is that your home view? It does look like paradise ;)
Happy Mother's Day!
Happy Valentines Day! I hope everyone has a great day! :-)
what happened girl?
Your older by one day! That reminds me of this sophomore kid named jeremy who likes me, and Im exactly 1 year & a day older
lmao i'll give it a shot but idk, doesn't seem like my type of movie.
#myplansfortheday laying in bed an try to get rid of this miserable cold:( yucky
I got my 2nd wind
waaazzzaapp my little persian? You're the only reason I miss Rockville :)
I hope not. The whole thing is lunacy. I'd like to vote that we don't waste time doubling down on laws already on the books.
Dating me is like buying from Ikea.My directions are useless but if you're smart&patient you'll wind up with a nice cheap seat for your ass
Interesting topic, but the link doesn't work.
bee yoself honey !
Is that the sun comimg out!?
Goober baby
one week away from moving into home. Can't wait to get my business doors open!
Wearing my #19 jersey under my suit today. Welcome back Nicky!
I'm a Beast I'm a Beast I'm A BEAST Say it three times CuZ I Know its right
Home from #Chicago. Ate my way thru the entire city-Volare, Frontera Grill, Sunda, Gibsons, Masa Azul, Chicago hot dogs. Now off to the gym!
Thank you :-) have a good night (or day depending on where you live); with metta.
Is it just me or does the guy narrating the #Pandora #McDonalds commercial sound just like #AnthonyBourdain ()?
Dahling, that necklace at your vow-renewals ... POW!
haha sorry terrible attempt at humor
on Wu-Tang Clan's wiki page it states that the band is:" 1992- Forever ". Long live the kings...
Overall I'd say a pretty successful trip to
chop? Like chop suey?
Hey! Have I mentioned how awesome is lately? Very. Very awesome.
Elliot, here's one Blazer fan who knows u got star written all over u man, hang tight, wuiish you'd play more!
Rickie Fowler has played the 18th in Even par this week at DA Points in +1 and Rory McIlroy in +2.
There is no way league will suspend Doan or Smith. Doan has star card, and Smith is too important to the team (he's 99%)
Now following follow back
Makes Me so Sad , But I Gotta Leave You Alone
so this whole thing is a real posibility? I'd LOVE to see you w/ Lebron
You too!!!
If I had the pleasure to cuddle u I would die a very happy man sexy thick mami XOXO
neologisms ftw!
"It is only dirty universalisms that will help us against the powers and agents of still dirtier ones." Bruce Robbins
God willing, this is the LAST time I EVER ride this train...
Just entered the 2010's. Expect to be inundated.
Hey Phi Flyers, what year is it?
Amazing weather in Nashville tonight. Perfect.
LOL! Too funny.
yeah...just a brief shower/sprinkle...tee it up!
Scream 4 is just waaayyy gory
S/O to i appreciate the Follow fam
I wonder what life would be like if we had sounds effects for everthing we did, like cartoon
Yo Homie, got any new mixtapes? Get at me
I found a 1D poster in a mag i bought for MB , aha , ironic right ?
oh yeah! you're the coolest freaking secue out there!
This weather is fogging strange.
Nice summer weekend! In May. Portland highs Sat 84 & Sun 87.
Good question. My kindergartner knows who George Washington is! RT : do they even teach civics in high school anymore?
I wonder if the Bills released becaue I never got a reply on him signing my Sports Illustrated.
#IWishYouKnew how special you are. There always will be only one of you. Always. Enjoy every moment of your uniqueness.
Dear Maybe with that refund we get for round 2 we can get some just added show Springsteen tickets? :)
I just LOVE working on Sundays. Well at least I love my coworkers.
who ever had any doubts? Oh ye non believers!
On our way to looking forward to meeting everyone at 3pm!
justin bieber wants to be twitter friends with ellen!!!!!!!!!!
doin me haveing FUN live life
Everything you do just annoys me!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Tonight at Grassroots (20 St Marks Place) with Adam Kolker, Ugonna Okegwo and 9 to 12. No cover. Come hang!
ohh yeah ;D hahaha. & si. I have no where else to go. Are you??
was that a quadruple John Wall shot?
I'm not in the mood to get fucked up tonight, idek why. This isn't like me lol
Getting excited thinking about the possibilities for next year...
I don't really use pencils unless I'm doing my check ledger. When it comes to pen: I like Gel or liquid ink. I rarely use ballpoint
Ashworthington! Great seeing you tonight, Although I was disappointed you didn't throw yourself at my feet like last time.
Age is never a deterrent to brilliance or compassion. My teachers this week, Zig Ziglar at 83, Maggie at 8. Who are you listening to?
I thought he went with someone cos he said something about picking up his date!? No I'm still working on the fanmail. :(
Wish they would hurry up. We are starving!
easy 4 u to say
Rick Pitino in a white suit is one of the highlights of all the college basketball season, including
$305,000 smh. I dare him to say no deal!!!
Governor Walker held press conference at Tommy G Thompson Youth Center today. Well done.
“: What the hell does the "z" mean in "LOLZ"? "Laugh Out Loud.. Zebras"?”
they are...but the Portland Timbers are sponsored by Coca-Cola
like your marrying Karen but fucking ivy oh ok now I get it! I used to love him he was my favorite lil Indian
think I'm a hit the wait room up today .... Get back in shape
I wish we could wear shorts at my job
he is washed up. He is a thing of the past. His prime was in 08.
S&P just downgraded France's A rating. Time to plan my Paris trip!
smfh ! !lmaooo u might b right. last time i porbably did see u was at school, and whenn did u leave op? ahha 09?! lmao
yep yep..i'm getting drruuuunnnnk. U down?!
Congrats Johnny! RT : Last night, out of the blue, I found out I got a top 5 song on Billboard! I can't believe it!
Leave all the afternoon for exercise and recreation, which are as necessary as reading
did ur daughter enjoy her prom ?
what can i do?
We offer a free market approach to success in the music industry!!
I check into a lot of locations..
I wonder how is doing ;)
Hey it's BK, wanna pick a Triumph song to kickstart Bumper 2 Bumper? PLZ keep in mind we used BL Light Show yesterday. Happy Siestafest Eve
RT : shoutout to anybody w/ ambition ..the grind is beautiful ...appreciate the downs as much as the ups
I should be at Keeneland. Dang it.
way to rock it and be a real man!
I used to love rollercoasters
RT : "Don't let your yesterdays, become your today." Leahdeleah
I'm going to sleep now. Night.
I need to feel butterflies everyday: that strange sense of accomplishment, confidence, excitement. That would be some goal
The Bucks down by 12 to the lowly Wizards w 7 min to go. They lose this it's pretty much the dagger in their playoff hopes.
across 110th street
"You shoot like Ray Charles" -Dano haha
TONIGHT!!!! Green Iguana Anderson Latin Night!!!! come see myself & Mandii dance the night away :)
Thanks for dining with us! Love seeing folks check in! How was your pizza?
#nflredzone = Greatest. Channel. Ever.
Is that a bad version of The Black Keys' "Lonely Boy" in a Home Depot ad? Or just a really bad ripoff??
Even though my boyfriend drives me crazy. At the end of day, I love him to death <U+2764> . I can't imagine my life without him
marshaya just went to sleep...
Morning! Life's good here. Ran a half marathon on Sun. and now getting back to my writing. How have you been?
and Shawn Wayans had me LMAO ! Thanks for the laughs!!
Ah, Myron Lowery. I lived in Memphis for only 18 months, but I'll never forget the fist bump. Hilariously ridiculous.
Watching a lil stand up comedy. I love laughing at the end of the day before bed.
4 mile run today - nice 2 b back running/training!
tomorrow evening till Thursday morning
I was nervous!
Hell naw! Cocaine is for white people , with tiny little noses , I'm black , my nose is like a turbo on my face, I'll be fucked up for life
(which aren't mine, I think you know) and a couple of fish. (: and then this new lynx.
Happy First Day of Spring <U+266B>Time for spring cleaning & upgrading.Prefinished Ipe 3/4x3 would be a great choice.
I will take good care of you
First word of The Anthology of Creepy Words according to us : "Goodies"
Don't forget to watch Monster Man on Syfy tonight!!!!
Yes. Midway businesses were trying to change that by rebranding the area "North Bay"
Alumni, students, recent graduates, lend us your Twitter time. Sports biz at #sbchat w/ and friends. Tonight, 9:30 pm ET.
Thank you, that so sweet <3 And I'm glad. You deserve a good day too!
Remember, never use household cleaners to clean your pool or spa. Desert Pool Cleaning only uses the best chemicals to service your pool!
Partial Insomniac. Nice Person. Sometimes Brooding.... Partially inspired. Nice Idea. Sometimes Boring - John Cusack
America, the land of the constitutional scholar.
Wow just hit my 1,000 tweet! I'm so fucking excited! Like this is a huge fucking deal for some reason!
They're coming on.
Yes INDEED!!! ready when you are :)
Shout put to all the nurses out there! Happy nurses appreciation week!
Versailles, KY is known as "The Horse Capital of the World"...at least until Margaret finishes her project in our back yard.
If anybody can overcome the devastation of a Tsunami, it's probably the country where the word originates from. Pull through Japan!!!!!!!!!!
I shouldn't say the entire cast of SNL. I have love for talent. You know who you are. I guess I'm flattered.
dude don't have your digits talk to the man he is here with me
Got a show Friday December 16th at Tropy's Bar and Grill with Deserts of Mars, doors @ 8!
Let's just Drink to get Drunk and tell Eachother Everything; For a Drunken Mind, Speaks a Sober heart
That should read, Shouldn't that be Kris Hump For Free?
YUM! Would love to try it if you find it! RT I have got to get my friend's recipe for baked kale with garlic.
have u ever seen me read a book? Am I a character in said book? Lol jk. I will read it
Hahaaaa he was pissed off that! RT : " who" lol “ he was on ten”
I love it
are you going to repeat the workouts, or try something different?
Screaming, cheering, honking and sirens. Ha.
Thanks for the #ff love!
You were born to be real, not to be perfect. You are here to be you, not to be someone else.
replicants will start a war with Iran because that's what republicans do.
More Rain, means more mosquitoes. Having a problem with bugs? I think I finally have the answer...
I'm sorry, I don't speak Starbucks.
#RickPerry is so scarry he make Mitt Romney look good
Just jamming to my iPod waiting for 7pm to come around:o)
listen up, its a banger when i drop bars... an im shinin off the top like cop cars
not excited to drive to indy tomorrow with the first snow fall!
Tim rowdy head butted Blake...LOL
Now following you too!
Thanks Tracey - You do the same.
#ABDC can't wait to see !!!
I've determined that my life is funny if I stand back a little and take in everything I've done so far.
well then just add me as a contact and after we are done on facetime u can delete my contact from his ipod
What's #Griffey Jr. think of #Tiger? WWW.ussportspages.com
In 48 hours my girls will have no more homework until fall. I think I'm more excited than they are.
andrea.... haha. who else?!
still not sure if I like the #newtwitter....it's going to take some time. anyone really love it?
you sleep?
almost home #FACT hello #650 ah puppy how are you?
While recording the Jazz Lab band concert a man approached me and said, "Why you don't look like Mark Streder at all. [pause] Thank god."
Thought I had my AD... NOT!
What are some good websites to use for planning out a trip (best rates for flights, hotels, etc.)? Thanks in advance.
Dude 's ad for #SecretsDontMakeFriends is everywhere! I see it on so many sites! :D
In the lab once again and just starting. It's gonna be a long night.
SO excited to see Steel Pulse at Belly Up tonight! Who else is going?
If it makes you happy I'll just keep my eyes open and pretend I care about what you have to say.
Today's focus (for me) is on connecting. What is your favorite way to connect to others professionally? Over lunch? Large/Small Networking …
Thanks I will! She's 16 is that ok?
I would have been one mad bitch
RT : You gotta love standing in the AT&T building and not getting any data signal.
Wiz Khalifa-Work Hard Play Hard
!!!!! RT : I'm pumped af for this ass whoopin OKC about to put on the Lakers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Lunch @ pho thaison definitely suggest others to try this place out
4. Invite someone to go for a walk with you. If might just change your life.
Happy #EarthDay! Do something good for yourself and the Earth today :)
Stop losing count before one!!!
iTunes is on some bullshit right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I swear I just saw a man walking a small bear on a leash in Poulsbo....
It feels good to be back on I-10 after the unplanned detour through Hattiesburg.
Im SOO Sorry I Messed Up Your Cup Mildred!): Please Forgive Me(:
If you love Heartbeats by The Frail request it for Soundcheck tonight on LIVE 105! text: 36105
FBR Raises $550 Million for New Mortgage Insurer - Bloomberg
IE, you are one major pain in the ass to code for.
: Yep I sure do
must be! Ur tweeting for the first time since the parting of the Red Sea!
goodnight. i need my rest since I have dance ALL day tomorrow. hooray.
Lunchtime=machine head and treadmill.
Tomorrow morning we are offering a FREE Outdoor Workout! Please join us at the corner of Russell Ave & South Shore Drive in Bay View from...
Altho the Juvenile Detention School is now a Doller Tree
15 minutes till I am getting dinner and my nails done with !
All my moves are calculated,if don't show love it's very much so intentional
Thanks for your tweet about Scrubly Luis! We appreciate your support!
stoked to be back in the land of potable water.
What Are You Thinking About?
Hey, let's play a game...tell us some good lyrics to use if we made up a LevelUp rap!
iPad2 fans, we'll be posting pics on our FB page showing how well Padlette, iPad2 and its Smart Case get along together. Stay tuned.
It's finally over. Let each day from here on out be better than the last. God give me strength to never go back.
Then they're probably bots or people who act like bots, no? :)
I love DC!
R.Thomas on the way to the stu!!! #FatTweet ha gotta go runnin tomorrow!!!
Anything can happen in 2 games but Caps organization should think long and hard about trading Ovechkin..see what kind of ransom they can get
Imma #WALIEN and I'll always be for c:
I think they could have drafted you at 23 and he would have loved it.
Knicks just delaying the inevitable.
Lakers do not look ready to play so far
WHEN WILL YOU FOLLOW WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO?
u really messed yo ankle up nef
Woo Friday finally . Ima kick it wit my niggas
What a week - Earthquake then a hurricane. By God's grace, we're safe and doing well...and we have electricity. Thanks for the prayers.
you are just a scared little girl. you'll never marry Stiles. i know that for sure. He'll die and you'll be alone.
ugh , fuck Walmart and their low prices...
• It bothers me that ANYONE was born in 1992. That was like, RECENTLY.
You've got this!
Please file that last tweet under "stupid shit my Mayor says from time to time (meaning, hourly)".
Looking forward to a likely Spurs-Thunder Western Conference Final. Both have "Big 3s" and chemistry for days.
Breaking News - Facebook prices initial public offering at $38 per share, stands to reap $18.4 billion - AP
worst posession of the year. Classic bo. Brilliant right up to the moment when its time to step into the elite...
Dame Judi Dench was in his trailer while he was naked, and she called it a "monster", lol!
Daddy's graduation today! How cute:)
"You must safeguard your soul, you can never sell, never surrender or let them steal your soul." Exceellent point from !
Happy Valentine's Day, Celebrate Responsibly ;-)
I hope so
"Daddy, I love you, don't run into any cars or trees." --my 4 yr old niece to my brother as he walked out the door this morning. Funny kid!
i still like it tho
"what did he say about me?" "dont worry about it he was high" "why do you say that?" "because he thought you were attractive"
RT '' Your focasing on movies right now? Lol'' So true! I'm def addicited to movies & I started shooting a new one recently (:
Psyched for the "How to Win Friends and Influence People in the Digital Age" workshop this afternoon! Carnegie's principles still apply.
Systems Admin contract to hire for growing Madison company. $500 referral bonus avail!
Get it Meryl!
My jobs plan won't cost the taxpayers a dime. 1000's of vacant homes across America equal jobs, lots of them, unemployment cut 50%???
yay you're tweeting again! Now get a freakin pic Joel!
I should, shouldn't I?
Just got evicted from my cubicle without a 5 day notice, too lifted to care. All I need is a computer and my work.
Me and The Terrortubbies took over Seattle and ruled the Summer. Now time for the Tubbies to hit the books... DADDY LOVES and MISSES YOU!!
Well, she DID actually get engaged :o !
Horrible way to end the Half
Great experience ! Officially have my wedding shoes :)
1. I don't understand why any1's surprised that a self-absorbed white chick in her 20s imagines a whites-only NY. Her world +
lmao me too
Please do!
Dominated my information systems and argumentation exams!
Nice guys finish last.
Omg these cramps <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
i love my job....if only it paid more
Learn from your mistakes. Employers should examine why accidents occur and try to find ways to keep them from happening in the future.
Great idea! I'll have a "Coming Soon" board in the library this year.
Are either of you entertaining the possibility of it being a step towards putting him back in the 'pen?
Thanks for the shout out !
I didn't see that. I'm new to The Onion. Were you offended?
Spring cleaning tip: If you buy something that's just taking up space, donate it to a food bank, church, or homeless shelter.
So much for that Niners defense.
I'm pretty sure I can afford more than taco bell lol
Your love, your love<U+E32A>
Hello, hope you're doing well. Will there be a Twitter song to go with the FB song?
shall I suggest our favorite place???
been waiting for the "new #iPad" for about 4 months - will be my first iPad - sounds like it will be worth waiting for the new version.
It's way more noisy than I'll Sleep When You're Dead. That still had a hip hop bounce to it. Full Retard is the only thing close.
Everyone deserves a second chance. Wait not really?.
You are so talented little lady :) Keep'em coming!!
Can't wait to watch NY1 in the morning and learn why there's a search chopper hovering 100ft above my building and Impalas circling my block
so good
#ihatejordans because they take up all my space in my closet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Will, We create custom twitter backgrounds for many Pro Athletes. Would love to do 1 for you free. Follow & DM if U R interested
Just voted at Alecia Ashman Library on Far West Side. With 4 min to go I was voter 1037 out of 2045.
I'm a fan of doodling!
Criticism is something we can avoid easily by saying nothing, doing nothing, & being nothing. -Aristotle
If I could buy the moon, I'd hollow it out, fill it with chocolate and create the world's largest Lindor Truffle for everyone to share.
it is kind of your fault..... :P
Aww Thank you. No matter how hard I try-I just can't get into music, tv , or movies. Perhaps it is over-stimulating?
The way I wanted chicken wings and I got them thanks to him . <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
ohh.. im not a directioner so i wouldnt know what to call them
went to sleep right after man Lol
I Wonder Who Discovered Farting...
they were On it today...
Yes, I am interested, let me check with our ED.
Happy new year
Well if you ever need to stop off for a midway beer, the door is always open
Its not our differences that divide us It is our inability to recognize accept and celebrate those differences One god, One Aim, One Destiny
At Kristy and Marcos ceremony <U+E312>
Thank you! RT "I Surrender" is beautiful! I lost myself in it.
Check out the big brain on Brett! You're a smart motherfucker. That's right. The metric system. What's in this?
I'm tired of trying to make people happy and giving them advice... I really dont need to hear your drama..
lol ok ill turn around
created a kids'exercise device connecting their bikes to the TV via a radio freq signal. Video on our website
hey can u book mee?
you know me too
Be sure and "LIKE" this page, and look for us when we return to rock the brand new stage on Dec 16!
Ahh,Only 4 more years until College.
sir you murdered my phone. I need a new one!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: I knew it was a matter of time till they ended up on the naughty list
By trying we can easily endure adversity. Another man's, I mean.
Covered the consulting spectrum this week. Extremely talented agency owners and extremely talented graduating students.
7 is not a color! Fun times
"Sea horse radish. The gnarliest stuff in the ocean"
Thank you and for hosting the Digital #Marketing SIG this morning!
ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED! Congrats!
It's , I love my little cousin :-) ohh and follow me.
What did Miss. Lawrence think about that? RT : Using the "f" word is never acceptable......period!
If it's pie and cake I'm going to start freaking out.
Happy colors and great prices! Thanks for following!
Gotta say, throwing hay in 90+ heat really built some character in my younger life. Farm kids are raised to work, it's not a bad thing.
sure does
woah, check out the big brain on chad.
Today is bitter-sweet. I'm going back home in beautiful Florida, but I'm leaving my Mom today. :'(
Niggas be like Kenny...what u doin??? My reply always will be, "Tryna get a million by tomorrow" if dat a hustler then what am I???
I'm not cocky, I'm convinced & it don't take a whole team of people to know that either...yall bitches just madd cow...sit down & shut up
boutta get ready for MGT Class...
LOVED the Killers cover tonight on by #TeamCeeLo & #TeamAdam. Still don't know who my fave is but they were all great!
2Chains is hot right now
Watching things crumble away slowly... It's hard to hold on to all the pieces....
WordPress 101 is at 11am - I'll see you then! Be sure to introduce yourself!
....she dirty work....displaying herself as clean...she dont know I smell it though..
After much confusion on what to eat for SB...I AM GOING TO POPEYES! NO style!
Great to see giving some props to our military at the #Pistons home opener. Now let's get that W
I'll trade Jack Jones for T Sizzle anyday. I'm unimpressed. What's Jack Jobes ever done??? Our returner is an all-pro.
'Bachar Yerian' & 'Miss South Pacific: Beauty and the Sea' show at 11AM at #RedJacksSaloon!
omg yes heres another one I love!
Coach Mark Turgeon was a good four feet onto the floor by the coach box to chastise some lackadaisical defending by his squad. Good fire.
nice. I just finished b-law and starting marketing management in 2 weeks. Good luck! Lot of dry reading
Thanks a bunch!!!!
Me neither! It's weird. But oh well! Sleep is for the weak! :D
miss your face :)
Hell of a knockout
If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves. Thomas Edison
Oh james....RT : That awkward moment when you can't do a swimming practice with the team..
do a book signing in Chicago!
First panel of the day: API content sharing. We'll see if this tweet squeaks through between Fail Whales.
"A handful of soldiers is always better than a mouthful of arguments." ~ Georg Lichtenberg #LNYHBT #teaparty Especially American soldiers!
For an obvious baller like you, $550 shouldn't be difficult to come up off of. It sure as fuck wasn't for me.
So what are your plans for the weekend? Is getting some Island Frydays included?
What happened to turntable.fm? Oh yeah, the attention span of the internet
#wordoftheday Some people say what I am doing Sunday morning is fatuous, but I will run the Marathon in spite of them. - Thanks Tracey!
How can you not be romantic about baseball. <U+26BE><U+2764>
Just picked up the book Breaking the Habit of Being Yourself by at
Jenn bought it off ebay. It's in her purse.
true. But the cost of living is kind...
Sorry, I should put it into better context. I was going through quickly until I saw the Proxy section. Then you had me captured.
do you hear something lmao
because I do haha kidding :D
C. Sounds like a Woodberry Kitchen kind of night. Feel better :-/
Colby stop tweeting that to my virgin twitter ears. Lol
#FF & Revel’s doin’ it right #itsTimeForYouToRealize DJ Michael gets your weekend off to a great start!
Missing our chats How goes it?
#yatesyateslauyates get your priorities straight
Who said it was allowed to get cold again..Heck everyday I never know what to put on..it's bonkers!!!
= ) its been forever since I've seen you too!
Yo I have a FREE south stand ticket. Will be at LSP by 615 with it. How bout a RT?
that's probably for the best.
Here's To Everyone Who Have Major Trust Issues , This Ones For You .
Thanks for the article man, I was pleasantly surprised when I saw that!
Jane Wellman of the National Association of System Heads is up now
Sonofabitch. Beastie Boys were on my list of bands to see before I die. Such a bummer. RIP MCA. Blasting "No Sleep" in the studio.
RT For SO MANY things should get 3 [turds], but "pinch" only 1 for his 'mountain out of a molehill' BS 2day.
/ Welcome old VU Exec. Council buddy from 1981.
tweets about it
Our Support our Troops campaign to reunite soldiers with their birth families was a wonderful success! We are proud to be of service to them
Opinions sought-- Halo: ODST. Worth a used buy? Need something to tide me over till Halo 4.
I love my Spanish class
They want 15 minutes of fame even all their gonna get are vicious replies from awesome fans who love their band <3
the trouble with trouble is it started out as fun .
Left with 97% now at 35%
yes! Here for the biennale and Gallery weekend!
Meeting later today with #BillyHos Bar & Grill to talk about their #SMM. We love our job!
yes!!!! Studying right now lol
#BTTR we're here! NE 127 st and US1 (5:30-10pm) Come sling some sammies with us! So excited to be here!
tell me about it. Finally seeing mine after 3months for two days then he leaves foe five months.
It's ok just started watching it with me before
Chaperoning a school field trip to the library. I don't fit on a school bus so well anymore.
Im gonna die at school today
We know how to put it down fa sho
Happy B-Day What to get the man who has everything???
nothing like a beautiful sunshiny day<3
Love the new Evanescence album! Will be posting a review soon!
Who do you guys think should be named Playmate of the Year 2012? Could make winning the Ultimate Playboy Giveaway pretty interesting, right?
And? It's okay. lol I didn't make this batch, because your BF won't come over. But it's still Houp-n-Day. lol
guy... i could of fixed everything up but no i had to go and dig a grave 10 ft under
which city are you in today?
Unless shes cinderella she'll probably leave you for some other fella cheat on ya and never tell ya
it kept popping up I was like noo! Grr . Lol (:
Margaritas are Irish today too--just like the rest of us!
RT : #HealthTip Massaging your feet with oil (especially during the cold season) is the best way to relieve stress throughout...
Erudition - dust shaken out of a book into an empty skull. Ambrose Bierce
There is nothing to do here... Going home now
HEY! The Beastie Boys are too young to be inducted in any damn Hall of Fame. And I hope the Twitter rumors of MCA's death are just rumors.
I am... I asked him to be the 400th person he followed but he ignored me:(
Why must it bug me so freaking much it's just so weird
how did the interview go?clint
CGI is to film what film was to books...
- check out www.elephilms.com and vimeo.com/elephilms
Yeah. Literally. I'm an eco-terrorist in that way. I buy picks all the time.
just my second baseball practice today..... AKA the greatest sport ever!!!!!!
Beautiful morning in NYC. Off to Dance class Drama Book Shop. Central Park. Just me, myself, and I.
* When I Tell You To Follow Me Back. . . . #BiTCH'FOLLOW'BACK!
Transformers tonight. Fucking pumped.
Sectional Champion, New School Record, State Qualifier, #RoadToState Check #OneMoreWeekOfTraining Check #GoingHAM Check
Amazing & wonderful responses from our audience! Thank you for your support & love. So glad you can join us in the excitement that is ALICE!
I'm about to see #alvinailey at the auditorium theatre :-)
Thanks for the RT!
Meeting Allen Hopper tonight at The Actor's Company!
"Effect change outside of government" sounds like something someone says when they go into community organizing, btw.
Monthly would mean grant funded or corporate sponsor. Do-able but takes quite an effort. But I'm not scared. :)
no sorry
hope all is well.
Telling people that you're such a bitch just makes me want to say yes you are instead of tell you how nice you are.
Also, I'm thrilled to be able to sleep in for a few days after tomorrow. I'm exhausted.
shout out to all KIDNEYSTONE PPL What Doesn't Kill You STRONGER! & you ppl make the rocket world go round LIFE IS A BLESSING NEVER GIVE UP!
i want to make garlic fried rice today. i will make garlic fried rice today.
When my boyfriend doesn't text back when I need him too <<
always a pleasure. See you soon
Teacher: Do you have any questions? Student: What would you do for a Kondike bar?
my penis is 59 years old.
Keepin it real in #Cleveland #bonethugs all the way to the west side
idk i found it on face book
Bumpin Ready or Not by w/windows rolled down & getting the most ridiculous looks at red lights has got to be the best.
Hoping my fiance and her team win the Daytime Emmy for her brilliant work as Co-Executive Producer of "How Do I Look"...here we go!!! Seco…
Finally got my presentation proposal, which will be co-presented with a friend/faculty, submitted for EDUCAUSE 2012 Annual Conference
I would. If you do not have eye contact in #sales, you do not win! It really is everything!
haha well she pushed me!!!
I feel like you don't want me anymore . <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Saving the world one clever tweet at a time, am I right?
What the HELL would we be recruiting for? Omg.
If U know U R the Epitome of FUNKK, can give the Prescription to being elegant, sexy, soulful, and a stunna'...follow back Dr. FUNKKNU
Are you talking about the link to our facebook page?
why does elf take so long to ship?! :(
What's wrong?
thanks! just trying to get the word out. =)
It be like that ": Getting high just to balance out the lows"
Im following back every person who follows this account :)
Looking forward to attending my 7th #IDBmtg in Uruguay on Friday with , and
Best idea. I'm gonna be Odermatt's new Mommy.
I might just do the same
you too Becky! Doggie playdate soon!
I bet I would get hella love if I lived elsewhere. Chicago is full of haters! Niggas & Bitches r 1 in the same
RT : Mention 'Tax Break' to your server to receive 17% off! Take advantage! It's just for today!
Man Eric Hutchison is getting down
Thanks for the retweet! God bless.
Just tapped Lost Coast IDICA IPA.
"I like when my bitches dont wear no clothes "
I just got this magazine with the cutest pics of Selena, Demi, and Ariana!(:
To some lawyers, all facts are created equal.
If yo cat fish got bones in it I'm not eatin it
just confirmed 3 more Seattle-ites coming with to the June 10th show at the Showbox in Seattle!
Having a great time at the KISS cookoff. About to perform...get over to the Roundup tent!
Come out & Enjoy!!
Congrats man. America always gets it right when they save you. Thanks for keeping it real.
Phone is ringing off the hook....
Anyone notice how sad the stock market is acting. Hope your short selling lines are out. The Cloud of misdirection
Surfers and people on the boardwalk at Long Bech just when waves go up and dawn sets in.
liked your article "DISHed Out"!
WHY YOU NOT ANSWERING MY TXT OR CALL
Successfully reinstalled old OS. Just reverted to a Timemachine backup. Thanks for your help.
#ShoutOutToo she PRETTY :) everyone needs to follow her.
thanks buddy! It was a lot of fun.
~ I will be in Deland (my home town) from April 14 thru April 24th. I will also be at BCU Int Track Meet.
GIRD YOUR LOINS, FOLKS. RT HEATH BELL WARMING UP
What's up
I want you so bad. Thinking for too long about it, gives me nausea
Ha! Thanks and for the RT! Together, we can put a stop this two-space, crazy world!
A belated (but no less thankful) thank you for the #FF!
cocky much ?
I'm embarrassed by the way the Rockets have played in their last 7 gms. They don't resemble a playoff team at all.
ya I know no reason too
Hahaha Then When your causin went to pick us up haha
Hell of a crowd on hand for this series opener with the Rockies at
Man, 2nd period on a-days is the most annoying part of the day
check out my good friend
RT ": I SALUTE YOU 1OO BABY BOI! SATURDAY...WE N THERE!"/ oh yeah cant wait and I salute yo movement too
We need a vaca! #Cabo anyone?
Stopped in Lil 5 to try and find a shirt for the show tomorrow... Any suggestions?
Is so ready for
Follow me please baby! You're my life, 143 so much! Never change, you're voice is amazing! I'm your angel :3 kisses! bye *-*
you can do better than *this*, bro.
That just ruined my night. Thanks for that
when ya coming back
I just heard a NIGGA say he fucked up because of slavery.... fool you 20 years old. I can see if you said racism
U like Matusz using BA's glove? Guess they became friends when Matusz forgot how to pitch
It's like #ZigZiglar says - "Are you a wandering generality or a meaningful specific?"
It's all about the peanut says Katya Anderson
On that high life aka that fly life
I must be out of the loop on this FXLeauge 'stuff'.
sun's coming up! it's so nice - I feel like a orange, banana, berries, ginger mix of
# InterviewQuestion Why would you be good for this job? #Jobs Show excitement and why your skills match up!
$3 tap beers all night tonight with Juice and Laura!! Don't forget about our 80s New Years Eve party! 80s music videos and movie clips on...
retweet that ass boom
You coming to my gathering Saturday at 12
Just watched a woman fake-vomit into the back of another woman's shirt
Listen , if you think that cranberry incident came between and me, you don't really know either of us. Who made the gravy?
. We had a blast at #HSC2012 and would love to get involved with idea! Do you have any events coming up?
Totally! I understand an artists choice to photoshop at their choice, or the person getting photographed. This isn't about that tho
they're cool as shit.
": Should ALL coaches have background checks?" Yes. And also CPR training and concussion education.
Dilated pupils 4 eye exam = knowing what it feels like 2 "meet the sun." ouch!
damn phone was trippin but ive been around workn were u been stranger
I'm glad you have fun man! Def come say what's up tomorrow
Yo cat, I think you're awesome and cuddly and everything, but laying on my laptop keyboard while I'm trying to work simply will not do.
#Vince Young currently has bigger numbers than #Peyton Manning in 2010. Just sayin
When might you do something with us Baylor grads in DC?
No, it's that I'm always early and the rest of the world is late. :-)
We lost a follower. We can assume, then, that a follower has died. RIP, follower. We'll always follow you. :,)
They should boo. That probably reminded fans of the Falcons game a few years back where they booed like crazy. Well deserved.
The 2012 Rickshaw season is sure to be an exciting one! Some big plans ahead!
Salem used to have one at Market and I-5 back in the 90s
In your guys' opinion, what's the best company to use for self-hosting a site?So many to choose from and very little personal knowledge..
Jennaral Travel: God
Sir, could I please have my left eyeball back? Oh, it's probably skewered on the end of the umbrella with which you POKED ME IN THE EYE.
Collins' UV curable ink technical data sheets are in the works!
Check my tweets from lasts week...I posted a pic of the boots! Miss you too...have you booked your flights yet? ;)
Happens to the best of us :) Thanks for the retweet.
The question is generally directed towards the usual customers with amnesia haha
omg that's cool!!! Were almost soulmates lol
she is real:) haha
Why hello, Motion City Soundtrack.
"The heart of religion lies in its personal pronouns." - Martin Luther (1483 - 1546)
are u obxing
gonna try out for a movie peeps!!! yeah man yeah!!!
when you go wedding dress shopping go to posie patch bridal Superstore and request melanie. It was the best experience I had!!!
exactly! And i unfortunately joined it today. Changing my radio alarm tomorrow
Yep, that's a mummified bull, preserved between 300 BC - AD 400 in nine layers of wrappings.
Don't say I love you, don't call me friend unless youd selflessly trade ur laughter for my tears & ur health for my pain.
it's just like cold case files, it's just like cold case files!
I love your accent and your laugh. U and Liam, Harry, Zayn, and Louis are Perfect as a group... Pls follow me..... <3
Yo, be careful driving back all tired!! Your pic is adorable btw it's up on the site and Chris'!!!
Sounds nice! I've never been myself, but it sounds beautiful. Thanks!
That was a total butcher of the National Anthem...
WE need good people like #ElizabethWarren to make our LAWS Help her make it. #VOTE for her and
Oh, it was more of a sad oversight at a moment of transition -- no great story, but it did set me on the "Graceful Degradation" path.
RT : RT : Pretty cool thing by the Mets. So far, each batter has walked out to a Beastie Boys song.
Anyone want to help me trend something for Ariana?
Thx, & gave your art some airtime! RT : Great job on the presentation today! You guys killed it! /cc
Hi Steve -- it went fabulously: the tech was great (and early, even!) -- he replaced the box and all is well. Thanks again!!
they had SO much time and neither was destitute. No reason for lots of issues they CONTINUE to have. They "merged" awhile ago.
You are my most favorite illusionist ever so I wish you the best. Happy New Year. P.S. I love your show.
I just finished a 1.28 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Also, I don't understand paying hundreds of dollars for a test prep class and then not coming.
Thanks to everyone that rolled out to see and I off! ...
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 40
Water is composed of two gins, Oxygin and Hydrogin. Oxygin is pure gin. Hydrogin is gin and water. (I raise my glass to this one).
#WeWillAlwaysSupportAustin i cant describe how proud of i am i will never stop supporting him no matter what:)
hell yeah dude I couldn't take those damn bugs and I was always hula hoopin lol
My middle finger salutes you
if I do it during the week it has to be early. If I do it on the weekend it doesn't matter what time.
There's nothing gayer than a guy posting a shirtless picture on Facebook.
Keeping it classy!!! It gets you free stuff!
Can someone send me a picture of the night? Go to bed 10p-11p it's light out and up at 6-7a light out.
follow back
Hey, - why can't my login email ever be found? Why do I have to constantly reset my password just to login???
Thanks to everyone who sent texts in for the video contest! We will have plenty more chances for you to get some #free #soap!
Watching drink a beer right now is killing me a little bit
lmao worst place to trap haha ;]
needs a money miracle!!!!
nickname for shaq,THE BIG CHILL,and the movie was ka-zam,not shazam
- thinking about starting to blog again...
Someone just walked into this bar wearing pajamas. I have now seen it all.
Netherlands listed by the UNODC as a top destination for victims of human trafficking.....This is so disturbing via
After termoil and issues... I am finally ready for ASL 201!! Cannot wait!!!!!! :-D :-D
I think the neighbor is on Twitter (or their dog) because 2 secs after my last tweet - barking stopped
I'm on my way! 12 pack? Did you forget who you're "married" to? That'll last us the ride home hahahaha!
RT Rihanna = Red hair. Nicki Minaj = Pink hair. Lady Gaga = Yellow hair. Katy Perry = Blue hair. ...The Power Rangers are ...
I KNOW(: but thats okay because awkward people rule the world just wait ill be president
Want to find out who's going where tomorrow at the #NFLDraft check out they are legit!
FedEx, night shifts. Been here since 7, just got out..
So much excitement about #SOPA, if only there were this much excitement about fighting poverty or other global problems.
The past two weeks have been great. I accomplished a lot and on April 2nd, my career starts. Feeling great.
hey man thanks! You should check out our YouTube. \m/
Whole Foods Market is turning two at the Maui Mall! Join us on February 24-26 for special entertainment, giveaways, and birthday cake, too!
wow! this is good stuff! Thanks for sharing!
Kevin Durant breaks Twitter (and the Mavs)!
RT #iheartvodka Did someone say vodka!? "I put that shit in everything."
o Manly Man Dan here. Look out for Dan the Man...can't handle a salad. Also, unrelated, I want bacon.
Only 19 yrs old Wow!
I can link you to it if you want
You can now book a table at Sustenio right on their Facebook page! Go to "Book a Table Online."
I Love You
That tricorn hat, colonial uniform, and musket don't quite fit Senator Hatch, but I must say the powdered wig looks great!
Hey Danny St.Johns is the play I know those kids playing tonight their gonna show up -8 is better then NFL tonight
#Aztecs Basketball Banquet Date has *CHANGED* to Wed, April 6. Double Tree in Mission Valley. Call 619.594.6444 to sign up (Hurry).
Well said! Promises are made to be broken :) Who doesn't breaks them? Life is all about finding certainties among uncertainties!
thanks for the RT you're totally helping put #chicagokent on ALL maps!
Blah blah blah blah.. blah blah.. blah blah blah blah...
RT This week in
The website is back up and running! phew..
I'ma do you with the lights on cuz yo face so pretty
I think "not ONLY about Romney" might be more honest... and accurate.
i will on saturday lol
officially back. We can meet in person for tixs with cash or I accept paypaly & I can email link to print them out. Just let me know
"One forgets words as one forgets names. One's vocabulary needs constant fertilizing or it will die." -Evelyn Waugh
the chili packet? That's worth socking away for future use. Thanks for that tip.
Who wants the over on #metsanity lasting longer than #linsanity?
congrats love
Spartans of Michigan State!
When or Dubie make it to the NBA I'll marry either one so I can be on Basketball Wives!
As long as we can get away with murder let's all go on a killing spree. #caseyanthony would be my first.
Only Followed U Cause I Saw U Ina RT. Follow Me For The Real Swag
at the spital
finally at home :)
in case you didn't know this already, I LOVE MY CHUBBY ARMS! Just sayin'!
i want a porkchop!
Rick Perry "retired" so he can collect a state pension while still governor. So, maybe he's not so stupid, just greedy, cheap, and a cheat.
#RT If is your pride <U+2665>
Big brothers-they are there to sit on u. Care for u but don't. And sit on you more. But most importantly love you then sit on you again...
Love is absolutely vital for a human life. For love alone can awaken what is divine within you. ~ John O'Donohue/RT
Being tan=GREAT. Tanning while having a small cold, thus turning the cold into a raging fever where I can hardly stand?=Not great.
spaghetti + meatballs or meat sauce. discuss.
motorcycles!!! <3 going for a ride.
lmao I know that, but that emoji meant I hold my head high. lol
Im picking the packers tonight 34-13
I was an extra in "Game Change" and just attended the D.C showing of the HBO film. Can I be seen? Yes, for a half second.
Last Messiah of 2011 for me today. Looking forward to singing in Cincy's Music Hall with great colleagues + orchestra! Happy holidays!
Even today there are material remains from secret missions in the desert. Anyone want to go on a road trip?
Happy Black Friday! May you be safe and polite today to all you meet, and may you choose wisely while spending.
Meet and talked one on one with Kevin Martin- FCC Chairman.... he said as far as he know the tranfer on digital will remain the same.
If only u would notice me... oh well i love you anyways!(:
No, we don't have a scanner. We barely have functioning computers.
an tell them don't look bacc...
Sometimes your knight in shining armour is just an idiot wrapped in tin foil....
lol smh at that tweet i saw
technically yes. However there will be a completely new structure, etc A form will still need to be filled out to have on file
If I had a dick I would pull it out and piss on 'em
I want to get on a "most eligible bachelor" list. How do I become more eligible? Does that mean becoming more lonely?
just got out of the hospital. took too many blue pills when billy came over.
GOOD! Because no one STOLE our jobs--the corporate execs GAVE them away. America needs to wake up to this reality!
Sometimes, you just have to enjoy some reggae
The Circle of Sorcerers, my first fantasy novel, is targeted at 81,000 words. I'm at 75,000 with 11 days to go. Oh, dear. :P
#halsteadannual Diane Ramirez is an awesome leader. Elegant, knowledgeable and innovative.
u live in the #clt area?
Tim Bray (co-creator of XML), regarding the iPhone: "It's a sterile Disney-fied walled garden surrounded by sharp-toothed lawyers."
Just watched Facing The Giants for the first time...its got me messed up over here. Two Thumbs Up!!!
ball,ball,ball!!
My girl mad at me cuz my BM CAME OVER
Give it a chance
I am in for raffle. paypal? Tomorrow?
The is the best coffee to wake you up in the morning!(:
OK..let's see what this Sunday on Stars has in store for me...
Today's quote for my fellow artists, Art is either plagiarism or revolution. So let us start a revolution!
Commission walks in, a hush falls over the room.
Wrapped on 'Eden' for today. Now back to Plain, Wa for more 'This is Ours'.
Who we got winning tonight? I'm thinking the Mavericks knock this one out!
Good morning tweeps let's get this day over with
Booking model development shoots for Sept. Contact me soon for #photoshoots before I'm booked.
Key themes: deployment of mothers, surprise of women in military situations, publicity
Who is Deangelo Hall to be talking about anyone,how is his team doing this season? Why is anyone listening to him to begin with?
Aw I can't wait to marry you my baby doll!!!!!!
“: I'll be there!” looking forward bro!
I remember where I was
I despise nights like these
: According to my bracket, you'd have to get past Indiana, Michigan State, and Ohio State for the trophy...
YouTube sets its on. You just upload your caption file and it chooses font, size, etc. Exhibit ones for captioning would be...
I blame his 4 years in Gainsville.
And the transformation begins!
why not?!?
i feel the same way!
it won't be cancelled, and I work tonight.
BIG HALLOWEEN PARTY GOING DOWN TONIGHT AT KLUSOZ!!! VIP SOLD OUT & SO WE GETTIN SPOOKY CRUNK! COME HANG WITH ALL THE DRUNK ZOMBIES!!
I mean....yeah.
New this year: Health & Fitness Expo on Thursday, June 21 4:00-8:00 pm and Friday, June 22 11:00 am-9:00 pm at the Italian Community Center!
dancing yes pics no I even had an adult drink very girlie
Happy Birthday back at ya!
Eating lunch using dirty utensils I found on the floor. These are my last words.
My apologies to top Las Vegas magician Jason Byrne who made it to the London Palladium in 2008--making 4 Canadian magi on that elite list.
have fun with that
Im not saying my boyfriend is thick ,but yesterday when we had a gas leak he put a bucket under it
New statistic - 56 million kids under the age of 13 on Facebook
Treating a girl well is simple. Treat her how you would like your dad to treat your mom.
I can't concentrate on Deleuze because my boyfriend is feverishly sanding his cutting boards on the patio.
So much buzz this morning about on the way to NC to workout Manning. Let's get it done !!!
I'm kinda surprised Friendster is included..I mean, they're still around, though as an online gaming site or something..
lol. no. i am a walking miracle. in Texas. that happens every other week.
Secret: There never was anyone else. I only wanted you. <U+2665>
Should have checked your profile first, I see you're from KY too!
bittersweet - we'll miss you in the south bay, but you'll do an awesome job covering the mayoral race :)
Yeah if I was to finish up my degree id so work for that's where the hotties are <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Did they really just suggest than an undefeated Murray St. team would only be a ten seed? If so, why didn't I hear anyone laugh at them?
don't know if io can ever forgive u
A friend is someone who can speak on your character and integrity, not on how resourceful you have been for them.
Hoping to get you sprung like bail bonds.
Welp. I own a house...that I can't go into yet, because she's still cleaning. and has possessions there. THIS is the American dream y'all.
Rip Junior Seau
Ultimatum continues their streak!
. : "We absolutely knew Judge Sumi was appointed by Tommy Thompson." Why would that matter?
needs anger management..
Who da hell up on my timeline....
YES! Lots of enhancements... Great. Thx a bunch. :)
It's snowing!
throwbacks on throwbacks
I am livid right now- being told it is not for sale yet orders have processed. I'll send out official word once I have it
Come on Tweeps! Let's trend for a great cause, #BeckettBowl ! Wooohoo
They do need rock-solid sound temperament.
whatever I ain't slow that all you! But no I told you boy!!
Love is in the air!! When was the last time you told them you love them. Please do so, we don't know when they may not be here.
What do you get if you cross two snakes with a magic spell? Addercadabra and abradacobra.
slow your role....not to hard!:) *remember wht we talk about!!
What a beautiful day for Autism Speaks Walk at the Rose Bowl.
Maybe not, now you have some time to ruminate on that bill and REALLY plan a consequence! ;)
yeah I think I will actually, thanks c: will you be on after?
Bout to go to sleep so goodnight Twitter so tired :)
Hello beer. Daddy's gonna turn each and every one of you into urine.
Nothing like being sick on the weekend. It sucks!!!!!
Me too... Davey Richards'ing my lust
When you align yourself with Universal FLOW you begin to take much more responsibility for what you draw to yourself.
Sorry, but I don't have a facebook. But, I'll still check it out.
what are the best exercises for explosion for football?
That awkward moment when a guy hangs out of a public bus yelling at you to call him...
Only hood bitches drink nemos
Here's a (free)tip: Don't clean ur electric shaver over the trash can...cuz then u have to decide how badly u want that part back : /
Thank you for the klout! :)
Visit ruthiebird.wordpress.com tomorrow for a #FNO recap! Now, it's back to the celebration!
Back from the park, what a good workout :-)
Loving this weather :)
- Define "traditional R&B" :)
HeeHee. Thanks for the follow. So great hanging out with you. Love you tons.
Congrats to Dr. Juanita Chinn & Dr. Andrea Henderson, newly minted PhDs at !
terrible day . -,-
#everyblackneighborhood hav that 1 honorRoll kid who dont get in2 any trouble,has a future N sports BUT end up gettin killed
Mane im fucked up, i was drank wit my nigga dj hill n we went thru like 2 bottles mane im on cloud 9
Hi Adrienne, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
#3WordsOfAdvice believe in yourself.
Thanks for the shout-out! Glad to spread the word about you at
4th Day of Video Production here w/ crew of 12, I'm camera A ;)
Probably a breaking story, about a Kardashian, right?
looking for retail locations to sell and hold our Food.
I had a rad time meeting you today. I can already tell you'll be putting that knife I sent home with you to good use.
Are we going to see you there?
The times we feel alone are the perfect opportunities for us to be productive.
So excited to go to the Blackhawks game on Monday!
From my office overlooking I-465, just saw a Books-A-Million semi go by. You go, BAM!
Pixie Lott is beautiful omg.
Thank you for letting us know about this.
#TwoThingsThatDontMix #Fox news and black people
Economic sanctions ARE violence to those most oppressed in this situation. Israel/Palestine is not South Africa.
Thanks. Right back at you!
I love Austin's eyes. I get lost in them every time I see a picture of him.
I know rite I luved he song raise ur glass n funhouse <3
I never got one from you. It isn't showing up my phone.
Think it's a very good start to seeing if your content is readable! And Word does it for you so why not?
day 2! Stop by the booth and enter our raffle every hour to win a free shirt!
My love of #TheShins runs deep. Last.fm doesn't always post, I guess.
Watching "Joe" on Netflix from 1970, with a 20 year old Susan Sarandon...so weird to see her like that
Internet down at work. Feels like 1995 up in here. I'm about to bust out my Crazy Sexy Cool cassette for full effect.
#adchat is tonight starting at 8pm EST hosted by Make sure to follow and use the #adchat hashtag to join in!
we shall pay!
I was ready the post and seen that shit and started to dying... Niggas need to step and be a father even thou the relationship
What ever you do stay focused on what you want, keep hold, take your chances, keep the light shining and eventually you find the right door
We're only beginning to explore the possibilities. We'll blog it as we do and would love your feedback!
--who knows--it does sound good though
Neat. RT : Don't think a 6:40 first pitch is going to happen
It has come & gone!
RT : Teen Implanted with Artificial Heart: Texas Children's Hospital has become the first pediatric center wher......
sure thing. What happened to your website?
Finally got my new editing computer! So excited! I feel like I'm 3 and just got my first bike.
great! :D
Some people may change when given a second chance. Then again some take it as another opportunity to hurt you and screw up that chance.
you must not know who you're talking too actin like idk this already, I've been in on plenty of sessions blowin big kush lol
Venus Flytrap left WKRP, too briefly owned Frank'sPlace in Orleans, drove limo in Sister,Sister & slipped into That '70s Show.
Not in sydney. lol :p
Happy Beautiful New Year to you and yours from Beauty Call LA
Thanks, Vu! Do I get my money back if we don't win? That was part of the #lottery deal, right?
Haha how did you like the show??? Did your pops like it?
New York City friends. Please go see my friend in #stickflyplay !!!
Control State sales led by Irish Whiskey, Vodka, Cocktails, and Tequila with annual growth rates of 18.4%, 5.8%, 4.8%, and 4.2%. Via
Tall people stand out .
of course #TeamFollowBack !!!!
#Save Your Home tips from Anna Cuevas on Michigans WTCM Newstalk with Norm Jones Wed Nov 23 10:35 Eastern Time Listen Live online
I'm dumb, but I'm not "can't tell the difference between your and you're" dumb.
thank you :)
And u no This Man!!! MISS YOU ON THESE HOLLYWOOD STREETS!!!
day 1 of waking up at 6AM. feels good to get a run in before 7.
Think about this when hiring a vendor: the person you love working with leaves the company. Do you still want to work with the company?
Hi Ruth, you can return early, just go to "manage books" in your Amazon account. Enjoy!
You've got quite the attitude for just turning 18...
$1.00 for a 30 day test drive! Oh YES! Baltimore REIA- tiny.cc/one-dollar-test-drive
Listening to eye of the tiger...can u dig it?
100 days no meat!
Missed the bus....AGAIN
Just redid my cuz's room man she has alot of pic's dang it looks amazing....:)
Smileadon. Just call me cat dude for short. How is ur day going?
did you know: UW ranks 15th on the list of all-time winningest D-1 college basketball programs
who's defending TCU in the BE? Not I
#UPS you are really one of the worst companies I have had the displeasure of dealing with.
Who's ready for today's FREE download!? #HonorSystem www.honorsocietymusic.com
Networking party...Thur. March 3 @ Legends 6 W 33rd St.@ 8PM Dance, drink and NETWORK! EVERYONE who is anyone will be there.So you should be
Congrats on the new addition!
At the concert with :D
Playing with my new HTC Jetstream. Enjoying it so far.
What is your TOP priority in life?
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Im throwing a party like PROJECT X ; )
Making caramels. Almost forgot how 2 make them...it's been about a year. They sure smell yummy! :)
where do you live?
Heading up to today for Timucuan Science Committee Kick-off Meeting! Any #archaeology research projects you'd like considered?
We bout to set this place on fire
i need some fun date suggestions for this weekend...any ideas?
We're glad you stopped by the office! RT Great weekend in Cville, but its time to head back to
I'll help you with one:
disneyland. Did not think it was gonna b this cool!
Boarding flight to Vegas
Hm. Can't say that I've ever seen Shawn Michaels wrestle The Rock or John Cena. Nothing comes to mind.
"Hey, it's a famous person's obituary! I'm going to click 'LIKE'!" There are some odd people on Facebook.
"In #procurement, while many report up to finance, there's no single organizational structure." - at
Nice to meet Rhett Damon of HomeFinder.com at
Consult with your brain, but listen to your heart.
I'm really unwell. Please make me smile by clicking my follow button.. Please Austin<U+2665> 0
Damn I don't want to wake up early for meetings.
lmao well damn
Got it, thanks!!
I wil love to work with you. you are indeed one the most talented tv producers out there!
Maybe for a weekend. RT RT : $1 million won't get you a private plane or a dolphin pool. LIES.
yo call me..if u can have harlem on three way...
Why do you think that so many criminals get indeterminate sentences? (e.g. 25 to life)
happy birthday! have a great time with ur loved ones! i wish u the best! i love u so much!<3
Got hooked realizing basso continuo for Bach Fl. sonata in E minor BWV 1034 AMAZING first movt! Drove me nuts but I think I have it!
I love you ky -sammy
Starting a Monday with & Some Beach. Again? Yes, again!
Being Super Cute!!! Kawaii!!!
So I think Adam Sandler is here in the restaurant I'm in
"caught in a mosh!"
you're very welcome!:D-Kelly xoxoxo
where in the world is sexy little laci? out on the town spending your $! but i'll be home soon.... wanna show a rich bitch who's boss, baby?
I finished the first one last night. It actually wasn't that hard to review it! I'm gonna knock out the other 2 tonight.
Rap or rock
you are perfect in every way and i just want to marry you a lot. and i thought you should know.
Do you have any recommended musical iPhone apps?
just did.
My thoughts are with the people of Japan today. Let's hope the worst is behind them, not in front.
so tomorrow i have to get up super early to pack because im to lazy to do it tonight my flight leaves in the morning to FLORIDA yay !
If your boyfriend/girlfriend sings along passionately to All American Rejects , "Gives You Hell", they are def not over their ex. Get out
Thanks! Nice to see you too. Hope I remember how to assemble paragraphs. ;)
#julia just look out for that GOP probe up your VJJ if you play too much one nite and get pregnant.
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music ? 3
Giddy w/ nervousness. Car shopping 2morrow. 1st time buying a car in 14 yrs. Guess what I might get? Kia Optima Hybrid!
Happy Birthday <U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>hope you had a blessed one!!! :-)
how so?
Wow is going to make everyone almost die! Man I need more tissue!
Helluva lot more than titular changes!! State budgets are much larger than municipal ones. Also bigger govt. w/ more powers.
thanks 4 the follow. Hope u Had a good time at Harbor House tonight!
Classroom and Self-taught.
oh damn we close
Im going to miss my mom , She's gone to Tenessee for two weeks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
I believe in Kiall. ITS REAL.
wat he say?
Fuck all my exes
Just had the best laugh I've had in a long time, I'm crying it's too funny!
nice free throw shooting there at the end.
that would be too easy. Just move to DC and marry me. Much easier ;)
haha hurry up and get on the iphone flow
I don't know what everyone's doing but I'm gonna #Fringe till I drop!
i think its lana del ray?! But im not positive!:)
Grab yourself a 4th meal from T-Bell and get ready for some Mariner Baseball @ 3am! OPENING DAY IS HERE!
Governor Schaefer also brought that same comedy to BlueRock in the past. He will be missed by us all.
The more you know the more you think somebody owes you a living
We have $2 sliders till close tonight. Fill it with any meat, any sauce, any toppings. (except brisket)
You sound like a poet. Keep it going. Im interested
My mom likes to make fun of my while I jam to music.
These acoustic song for friday sound great!
Those butterflies in your stomach when you see/talk to a cute girl. (:
Hello to our new followers! Stay tuned for our two-month update tomorrow and Teacher Training updates. Namaste' dreams.
"Can’t deny that I want you, but I'll lie if I have to..."
Are you or do you represent a small business with localized services? Go to getlisted.org and see if you're listed for your product/service
lol! that would definitely give me more cred with my husband ;)
Just Home!!! Bed! Laying Down... Using Laptop! (:
Now go out and win the last match at least...
I'd catcall that.
I Finally watched #ProjectX !! It was all about time :D
In CHI today and tomorrow with a couple time slots still open. Any takers?
RT We're proud to join , & in endorsing for re-election.
I love it!!!! Thank you...that's one of my favs ;)
Looking for an IT sales person that knows Cloud information in the DFW area. Email us at:
U & your drama gf keep all that mess away from me. For once I'm finally happy. <U+E415>
you didn't tweet me Happy Birthday yesterday, so maybe you'll tweet me Happy late Birthday today.(;
The difference between your mind and your heart is that your mind tells you what your going to do anyway.
in case you were wondering, the Thai place right by the hotel is adequate but not great.
Are motorized carts still just for handicapped people cuz all I see in them now is fat women who look too lazy to walk around
get over it
A lone wolf in a world of thieves. We r all trying 2 catch a sheep, get some sleep or catch some Z's.
Let us know! RT putting together a series of classes - any requests? please don't hesitate, would love input
Milwaukee's Daily Magazine for Saturday, April 28, 2012 - Breaking News - San Francisco Luxury News
well duh we'll follow you back! We <U+2764> you! Thanks for helping spread the word about us. YOU are awesome!
watching some show about tattooing but there are like 6 people competing for a $100,000.00
Depends...are you gonna get charged for texting? Lol.
How come I never get sick in NYC but I come home to Texas and inevitably come down with something? #ifeellikecrap :/
Great so far, Scott! Thanks for asking. And how's yours? Congrats on your exciting move!
Watch me host the Escondido Jaycee's Christmas Parade! Today on local channel 19 at 4 pm!
Let's go Bucs, my raising arm is getting restless.
Thank you!
Turn your swagger UP if you wanna be my boyfriend<U+2665> -
I'm going to name my future Shiba Inu Musubi after Spam Musubi.
How many directions are you being pulled in?
Chumley's first then walked to my first trip to Hunter's. First of many. Not funny looking. Spaz.
Temp outside is 13C & with windows open in house, it is 18C inside (thankfully)! Unusual conditions call for drastic measures.
CALL ME MAYBE!
You're here when I don't need you, but when I need you, that you're not here.
but you know it has to do with the Yankees, so it's a loss! Sad but true! :-(
well it should be on the show! so many #portlandia segments could be done just featuring real portlanders and events etc.
Evocative art suggested for the bridge b/t East Dallas & the Arts District....the creator's name....Blessing Hancock haha. Hm, I wonder....
#debt free by the new year, 2012
Every person in this bar went to my highschool. Reunion time.
Check me out on 88.3 fm reading the LA Times for the vision impaired today at 4pm!
Day three of vacation. Husband-check. Great location-check. Luggage-still MIA. Thank you UA!
Tell me you don't think of the movie Airplane! when you hear anything about the white zone on the overhead speakers...
The Immaculate Reception. The Catch. The Music City Miracle. And now, The Squat.
yo red you should have that translation available as a ring tone. People won't know how to react when they hear it. Prolly sell 2.
RT and win - Mom's rules: eat your vegetables, they are good for you! Happy
Check out the new arvR "Heavy Hitters" design coming out in a few days! its up on our myspace.com/pletelyuniquethreads and on my facebook
am not a biever fan just to let yall now :)
Tonight on Nepotism Wars! Will Smith & Jaden Vs. Tim Burton & Helena Bonham Carter. Losing team can never work together again!
thanks for the follow! i look forward to seeing some cool social media tips from you guys.
Believe everything you hear.
ASA guys. Can you help me find #Muslim owned businesses or Muslim #Entrepreneurs on twitter? JZ #Allah K
You should be asleep,.... yes you!
did he shave off his losing streak goatee, then?
Thanks for the follow!
#happyhalloween trick-or-treaters coming to your door saying "#dontlebronme"
Boutta slap the ACT with a 30 and get home to play some baseball.
Man, I have a taste for a Chicago's Italian Beef w/ hot peppers, dipped! Maybe even a Kosher hot dog with EVERYTHANG!
I have two Twitter accounts if that's what you are asking....
Running around got a lot of shit done
Excellent. I had a HH planned for Wednesday at already! cc:
oh hi sowwy my phones a jerk! And didnt tshow ur msg till now! Whts up, babe :3
Economic growth measurements are not inclusive, benefit the 1% - Alec Ross
You know you're not at #cildc when you get picked on for tweeting a session. :-)
As #stamps? No! Specific cases may be interesting (in some context), and overall they're an interesting bit of postal history.
does his best work on this #sytycd episode..
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
At mcdonadls gettin food(: yumm then back on the road.
: CNN calls Ohio for Romney
“: S/O to my followers i love you :-)”and we love you back
Join us for a Hawaiian Luau tomorrow night. 6:30
...my favorite song by Donna Summer, and it'll always be, "This Time I Know It's For Real." Was thinking about that song last night.
tell kj call me
Yes I am
I love the fearlessness of Thank you for illuminating so many voices that have been silenced in this nation!
Second day in a row LinkIn had something useful to me. What gives?
Another rainy Monday <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
That part I understand. But your Twitter account seems to mostly talk to itself? It would be helpful to understand why you +
It appears Denver mattress recycling is going to work & create jobs for people rebuilding lives from addiction, homelessness & prison.
i am feeling positive.
how old will alli b on the 28th???
Indiana ain't no easy team to beat. So y'all might as well stop sayin that.
Lol its YOUR personal opinion so whatever, I find it very fucking hilarious RT!!": nope."
thanks for the heads up. sorry you wasted all that time!
I am going out to park and have a blast
We gotta make him get on so we can play. >>
follow some talented ladies who do accessories
Though top skills is nice, you shouldnt have to mouse over to see what level it is, and I can't find people's full skill listing.
just heard the news dave, congrats bro, you had a huge part in this! Good job brother!
Definitely going to be a homework weekend...woo.
A Qdoba worker has "615" tattooed on his arm #whatifyoumove?
So many people have been inside Virgin Airlines' planes I'm not sure who they think they're fooling with a name like that
yay thank you for following me <3
LeBron should have had that ball
NEW! Limited-Edition* Mary Kay® Liquid Eyeliner all-day color. Draw thin or thicker, bolder lines. Rich purple shade. Dries in seconds
Can't help you there, I'm afraid. Nothing turned up in an Amazon search.
I think I'm dying...
-- having a feel good moment via the lulzsec -- seems like the only real justice lately is fleeting and virtual
YaYtks keep writing dreams
Faux Show opens Friday! Don't miss this one; choice works of art that play with perceptions. riverwestartistassociation.blogspot.com/
Yeah Im a Mahomie. But Im also a Psanderette, Belieber, and Directioner.
Feel empty ...
So im home from the hospital now, all in all it was a good night, however i am now back home nose deep in studying.
Some dumbo vandalized my school..
Sounds so delicious! RT : yes! Baked fish in banana leaf, red chilli, lemongrass and onion
#yaworkinhard keep it up..
Ok fellas, the dm's are getting a litte out control,got a band-aid on standby,this little finger bout to go to work on the block button lol
'Mommies Becoming Hotties'... Have a few extra pounds? Want to be a hottie and fast? Ask me how!
Peace Love and No Nuts now accepts credit, debit, pre-paid or gift cards with a Visa, MasterCard, American Express or Discover logo.
Breakfast burritos
Catch me with Neutrino! at The Lab stage at the Improv, 8:30, $5! 8162 Melrose in Hollywood!
book me bitch
My Grandma is getting stronger! She walked to rehab today and she talked on the phone! Though she still has a long way to go!
": It's not about the people who we've known the longest. It's about who came and never left."
Happy Mother's Day! With my mom and seeing Grandma tonight - I'm so thankful for them, and so thankful to be a mom - love you kiddos!
that's literally like 2 blocks from my job. I'm gonna have to go peep that
Will you speak to me in secret to ward away my fears, fight off all my demons, and wipe away my tears?
Ugh he needa answer the door...its too hot!
take a break if you need to, is understand!
Yea its gonna be a good series I agree. We are very evenally matched. U guys can score just as much as we can
yessir tonight what's the move!!!?
I agree! When. Where. What time? Lmfao.
Oh sorry my app is kinda screwy sometimes, thought I did.
I hate the DMV. Why have 11 counters and only three people working them?
we live Co hosting tune in www.radiosupa.com lets go!!!!!
I'm what the spaniards call el terrible.
rock on :D
"A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down" Arnold H. Glasow
I miss you
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> frustrated drs ain't tellin me shit my wife is not gettin better I feel helpless don't know what to do
Volunteers tackle home-improvement projects in Stamford, Greenwich - Greenwich Time
The intricacies of language... It's interesting that the words 'social' and 'SoCal' are linked by the letter/word 'i'.
Oh how i adore #actionScript :)
Oh im sorry I Thought i remember hearing that name somewhere and i dont go on the computer much cuz of my folks so ya :(
That's so awesome! And a great idea.
Today I was expected to wait one-half hour without a call or note from a Dept Head during a tornado watch. Manners
when will you be in bucktown?
do you happen to be working on anything with cam groves soon? I loved WSIA 1 and 2
Damn didn't want to see dat
Got soaked by Shamu! Freezing my buns off!
how is the raise "arbitrary"
i cant wait to see her face when she finds this out. #sneaky baster
That something is the All Star break. Some teams already went oon vacation.
#Rockies Helton up, bases loaded vs. Hudson. Helton hitting .667 against him.
Just found my phone in the refrigerator.
Kinda like becoming employee of the month…that is, you're a winner and a loser at the same time.
well just keep doing your thing man. And you'll be okay
So excited about what and I have coming up with :) community work never stop and we love doing it!
Girlfriend tried to strangle me in her sleep today. #SubconsciousTryingToSaySomething? #TimeForANewGF?
Is it weird if y'all are going out then u spill out ur whole heart to him about y u like him then he doesn't text back?!?! :(
I'm so glad for #Cougartown but 1 small request and could you PLEASE use Barb more than one ep next season?
But if they talk about how they are looking for a new aud or new way of doing things for this production, we listen.
I don't understand the question... RT is it weird that my dads mexican and he watches the history channel? lol
I'm going to bed. Goodnight <3
I wonder what would look like tan.
I never get the recommended 8 hours of sleep.
haven't met with good old Jack in a while. I Put away 2 walk me downs at OTB last night though! Lol
Just shaved my beard off in honor of the #NHLPlayoffs, which start tomorrow. Let the playoff beard begin. Go #Flyers!
There's a corsage and everything RT : Are you still waiting to be asked to prom? One lucky reader should look through tom. T-H
Planetary is what got me into comics in the first place-- wonderful stuff.
nm. Have a band Concert tonight
Its the new NBA smfh over and over again RT : Flop, flop, and more flops.
Totally digging this idea!
I know--this unquestion(mark)ably defies all exclamation.
If I gave you 1million$$ every day since the birth of Christ, it still would not equal ½ of Obama’s deficit spending this year?
Hey now hi how you doing
Tune into Garland Robinette's show on WWL tomorrow at 12:30 for Lela Cloud convo on juicing and Intelligent Cleansing.
Oh how I wish there was an iPad app that allowed for real money
i used iWeb for mine. simple and basic, but it worked.
"You sacrifice everything for them and they sacrifice you for everything" .
Good morning! :)
Ladies Love Champagne | Join us tonight | Ladies text the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 for Open Champagne Bar |
Proud of you guys man! Way to punch that ball out 94!!! #JetsNation is on to the next one...RT?!?
why i had an eli jersey in 05 but good one
We have been working through a whole series at my church on worship.. if you want the podcasts for material :)
One Direction > Big Time Rush.
A good way to scare Jeana would be to watch this show called infested!
Thank you so much for offering the live 'casts. It's deeply appreciated and wonderful, valuable info.
Templates 101 was super useful. Check out their great Libguide.
How do you know when the stage is level ? The drummer is drooling out of both sides of his mouth
Going to Drake on Wednesday!!!! #Can'tWait
plz follow me
What's a #Girlcode - - >>> do they still even exist?
The most imminent threat to US Natl Security is attack by #Switzerland b/c of Michelle Bachmann's newly declared citizenshp.
we should do a #bcft there. So I can see 's
& We are thrilled to work w/ you. & is very excited!
omg same here! my mom always laughs when some one says it and i'm like wtf!!??
We offer Nimbus toothbrushes to our patients which have softer bristles designed to reach into critical areas and remove plaque
I was just thinking ...
basketball games should be played in basketball arenas. We get enough football stadiums during the tourney.
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to your San Diego historic news!
9:30pm is a totally appropriate time to start making baked mac&cheese, right?
I could see that coming from you haha.
keep it Bay pimp!
impromptu lunch with c-lo. i love it!
A cappella group Voices just took the stage
I will not play damsel in distress just so u can feel oh so big and oh so mighty
: For the #deficit & personal liberty, please support HR 2366, GOP Rep. Barton's Online #Poker Act!
Don't forget what I said, I got your back till the end.
posting good stuff as usual.
RT to the P!.. or can't you tell I don't usually tweet via iPhone.
Perrin played at Louisville. Of course he hasn't touched a championship trophy. #BS'ing
Community is the response we've been created for. Expand yours at Foster Indy Mart.
We want to hear from you! What are you looking for on a vacation? Any answer is valid! Don't be shy.
A disappearing middle class
#AGREED RT : Rip in the flow tonight
thanks,will check it out:)
cock blockin' asses!
#ThankYou You guys were so much fun!!
Hey Shireen!!!!! Very long time no tweet!!!!
how do I get my Spotify to stop playing Spanish and Finnish music? I only want English.
In what seemed to be feces
Hey Koena, are you still going to be able to make it to our Bollywood America festival? Let us know and we can get in contact :)
So ready for tomorrow, hopefully a lot better than today
I do not feel like doing this review...
Surprised that my supervisor didn't seem to know that 3 is to 4 as trilogy is to tetralogy. Is it really that rare a word? ^^;;;
So close to 1,000 AEDs submitted! Help us get there by submitting your AEDs today...and they maybe worth $50...
lol i aint doing nun yet
Biggest drop in the #NFLTop100 ? Looks like it will be Antonio Gates who was 22nd last year and won't make the 100 this year
#Bulls 5/1 Playoff Tickets #giveaway via RT & follow them by 4p to
It's a scary moment when you're about to stand up after you've been laying out and you forget you untied the back.
How does Kwame Brown sign for $7 mill? How does Kwame Brown sign for $7 mill? How does Kwame Brown sign for $7 mill? How does Kwame Brow...
Enjoy! RT “: Got my card in the mail today! Can't wait to drive one of those little things around!”
Are you a content consumer or creator?
So Sick about dropping my iPhone in a sink full of water yesterday....I feel like my life is on pause without that phone smh
OH: I don't give a fuck about being famous, I just need to tell people they're wrong.
"The collar is his only baggage, &is a queer one. It is hung with about 20 checks, that the many persons whom he has visited have given him"
Today is a good day to have a good day!
Lots of awesome people in the Drupal Precon!
Sometimes I wish I was a child again so that it would be socially acceptable to watch that many cartoons again.
Thanks to for 14 years of dedication to the Colts, Indy, and the fans!
have brunch it's like lunch and breakfast lol
TEXT-Fitch say higher provisions for Spanish banks to spark new mergers
good seeing you captain john. see you round chitown soon.
Our phones fall,we panic.our friends fall,we laugh :)
It's Saturday morning. Shout ou t my SDA fam. Don't eat too much of that Sabbath dinner after church, today.
Major buffer paradigm shift in progress. Refactoring rules! :)
Kenny Smith saying 'GASALLE' it's GA-SAUL' and he's a 7-footer not 6'10". Come on now.
how are u?
I hat how places only ask for the ABDC ICONic Biyz to perform. They are all amazing! It is not fair...
Unknown~ The only bad thing about keeping on burning your bridges Behind you is that the world is round..
Sorry if I looked interested. I'm not.
I will! Please become a fan too!
Karma's a bitch
Yes because texting requires you to focus on something other than driving ....but I rarely try to FOCUS on my drunkenness
surprised to find it was a Victorian sin "to violate a leek" but then realized i was parsing a trans. of Juvenal re: the Cannibals.
Mix'n mingle with fellow EMPs this Friday at "Block by Block" hosted by the de Young. Tickets are just $10. RSVP to
Things We Saw Today: Batman Goatee Guy - The Mary Sue
Just signed up to try n these tickets. Lord please please let me win. We will c at 12. Hujhh. I will take off of work
FOLLOW 4 FOLLOW?
rumors of Chip Kelly to Tampa Bay are circling. Any insights on these rumors?
I miss my baby but what else is new.
I follow you :)
This summers going to be the shit.
ill stick with parachute pants... jk...
The Machine is amazing, isn't it? I saw them in S'Cruz and they absolutely killed. Good to see you have good musical taste ;-)
Master and Servant
I got it!!! thank you very much!!!
Back to Florida for a few more weeks of relaxation. Ah.
#ItsHardTo forget someone that gave you so much to remember.
RT : congrats 2 on receiving the Lincoln Gaines Award from U do gr8 work in our community!...
Dnt have to break up a happy or unhappy home cs I can find my own & have any man I wnt :)
got admitted to SDSU - Masters in City Planning
You wanna know something I like.... Ur face(;
and - Please add each other. has a question for you, Thanks!
Whatever happens, happens for a reason. (via: )
UHG - Need to see it! Have been wanting to see it forever now!
I LIKE ET
you have such a sexy tush! ;P
Yea, realized they actually just stole my wallet.
The door of opportunity won't open unless you do some pushing.
Love being mildly sick on a gorgeous saturday
You're welcome! Wish I could type faster!
I'm about to start charging for all the inquiries I'm getting...
Glad to follow other Real Estate folks. :-)
That was literally the first thing I told my sister & my niece's mom. They just stared at me & then laughed for 5 minutes.
kendrak: I see both sides. Didn't become a librarian to work with books. I also think InfoPro or the like is a buzzword and dated. #slan ...
Now playing nsync "bye bye bye"!!
so ready for spring break..
Been jammin' to this rough cut of White Buffalo for a solid 24 hours. Love those guitar riffs!
M I can smell my brownies :D
Ready to work with the Great! Holla at me!
Happy Birthday!
After nearly 40 years as a driving force in radio, Cox Media Group Miami VP Market Mgr Jerry Rushin announced plans to retire in July
RT : Got questions? Text SCPL to 66746 to ask a Librarian Try it's easy!
and thank you for the follow.
Shermageddon commute getting worse every day. I'm struggling to maintain sanity.
Gonna be a good day!!! This is God's day. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Yes - thanks to all for another inspiring #edchat - hope to see everyone same time, next week.
Just got mistaken for a member of Portugal the Man by two teens who were freaking out till I smashed their dreams with a "no I'm not."
#TeamLNC Is NOT Just 4 Lesbians We Are Here For Any Sexuality OR Race So Stay Tuned Rather Your Gay Straight / Black OR White Tune In
you were going 50 in a 25 and I was trying to drink a mimosa w/no lid.
thanks for the support!
I think that was what they call "The big inning."
'If you don't stop talking now I'll spit in your drink' 'i don't have a drink' 'i'll get you a drink, and spit in it' #Friendship haha :)
Thanks for the follow Tammy. Great to be connected!
Look closely at my avatar and you'll see a little trademark of & .....
"so fly like a TRS 80" never quite cut it
You are not alone. You are loved. You are cherished.
that is a lot of Hal in 1 URL.
Docs detail rowing recruit&#39;s claim against Iowa
Surprisingly, students really enjoy character narratives. (Even in essay form!)
Hey Amy! How have you been?
I've been pondering what to do for months, actually. Never connected that you were the founder of Unconsumption as well. yay!
- Harry styles
You act like them chicks on that show, Bad Girls.
what store did u get yours from in the A?
Whoa I take that back
It is not worth an intelligent man's time to be in the majority
Good job !
dude i just went 110mph on the highway near my place lol
Welcome my wife to Twitter!
AT&T sucks for the iPhone ... Verizon is where it's at.
I'm Finna listen to my music and try to go to sleep
Voluteering is quite a learning experience about human behavior. Tonite at I saw lots of quirky, funny, scary and fun examples.
i miss you too , i am here for u :)
I know you are my #realFR :*
is one of the best relationships I have made post high school
If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world
too sweet! Thanks.
Johns Hopkins playing Army on EspnU right now.
Spring Awakening was amazing. Props SFSU, mad props. "I Don't Do Sadness" hit hard, thanks a bunch for the emotion
I know all the songs in this movie
I fink I've died an' gone to 'eaven!
ready to give up on moneywell because i don't want to pay to upgrade something that may or may not work for me. want badly.
Little girl reading the Poetry Booth "It says W, R...I..TOO MANY WORDS!" Mom -"It says Writers & Books. That's the name of this building"
Of course I also love in addition to our Mr. Fassbender #foodallergytwin. Thanks for the heads up. <3
play me= loss
Still seeking two volunteers to help with POL state finals tomorrow from 10:15-12:30 at the Lyric in OKC. DM if you are interested by noon.
I was down in Fredonia with Graham Josh and Pat
Look at the moon tonight everyone. It's gonna be a beautiful super moon, that is if you don't live any near the tar sands.
Congrats on the Spirit Awards nomination. Well deserved!
Lol, she just called me the "boy next door"
Tom May knows how to handle the wires.
I like that boulder. That is a nice boulder.
I think I got Jimmie Johsnon as my A driver
Create your own destiny ... Happy Monday Everyone :)
hey there. I was wondering why I didn't see you Saturday. I'll make sure the person in charge has u on the list!
A systemic problem with preclinical research? Maybe. Maybe not. - ScienceBlogs (blog)
Ok so its march and it's snowing?? World is about to end
Ill have a MochaVodkaValium latte please
I emailed over a week ago; finally heard back yesterday; basically: "we have no way to track; you should have it next week"
“: Keep tweeting about your drama as if people don't hate you already enough #really #itsentertaining”
Quit sweating with your cat in your face! Or shave, either one works.
Today on , I'll be playing and everyone's fave et al!
We are blushing! Just out of a business networking meet, several attendees raving about EcoClean, our quality, the difference. THANK YOU!
and love, and dance again
what you mean
there is no charge for normal use of the platform. :)
Great stuff today from Attention takes fraction of a second, interest happens in 1-2 seconds. Wow. That's fast.
Happy 75th birthday, ! You make my life infinitely richer. May you be showered with diamonds, or at least adequate funding.
if everybody boss, then who really workin-really tho
that would be me :)
If you'd like to speak at your high school assembly, talk to your advisor/principal and have them call us! (414) 273-4670
no clue either. Im just staying in. Tomorrow is going to be a long day
More opportunities to get signatures! Come to to sign the petition to label GMOs!
iFunia Video Converter for Mac Adds 1080P Support for New iPad
Man, did it again...I AM sleepy this morning. Another TYPO that was Force Be With You not Forece... can you say "proof read?"
I went 18 years without skipping breakfast and now at Purdue I've done it a few time and everytime I end up feeling horrible.
Hoping my good friend finds his dog...
thanks for the RT. you rock!
Lol I guess SOME girls ;) RT : ...chicks claim they won't give him the time of day but $50 million make a girl do strange 'ish
Excellent! Thank you for participating Kadie!
do you know what's filming?
youre still silly... I mean ill admit i am :o
how are you feeling?
go looki at my background on twitter Those pics, would u please be able to put all those photos from that day on <3 xoxoxo
should of brought your ass to OU this weekend
Great job to the crew on the outdoor MANDIE II shoot when the rain hit. Like a well oiled machine, everyone protected all equipment. Woot!
how many meme stars don't know they're stars?
of course on mute whenever he broadcasts
Not all great things come in big boxes. Maybe choosing the smaller package will be the greatest thing in the world <3
Headed to lifetime to shoot hoops.
Last night I slept on a dormitory floor in NY state beneath a rabbit fur coat belonging to someone from Orange County
LADIES EARN $ EROTIC CHALLENGE for details call 310-806-2123www.theeroticchallenge.com
at restaurant rush's hemispheres started, a thirty min song to peel shrimp by. i feel Geddy all over.
wow. Lol. That's gonna be an epic trip man.
my head kills! Why cant I just sleep?!
Well ATL did play hard and good defense. But Doc knows his team so that to me meant he knew they were gassed
things that will be awesome soon: watching and do battle.
I have learned to seek my happiness by limiting my desires, rather than attempting to satisfy them.
Most people have to look good to have friends.
yes It would!
Hey baby come to la or nyc I have plenty of work for you but are you dtf ?
OMG. i want in the poland.
This shits so up & down..
Tired, of all the bull.
So. Who else is sitting in the dark thanks to the wind...
headaches suck:(
Huge weekend for LA Museums - lots of free admission; Matthew Marks is also open now & PST shows continue (several closing soon though!)
Come out to the britton pub for some code22 action....
Working til close Wed - Saturday, then opening brunch, come see me for a Tweet deal on HH apps and bottomless Mimosas!
Just spoke with my favorite SEAL on the phone for the first time in 4 months! Can't wait ill he comes home safely for good. :)
Keep calm and carry a drink.
Listening to say AOL was about connecting people. I can see that but TW turned them into a media company.
Remember, the Thunder are rested. Lakers still fatigue. Will be a different scenario after the Lakers rest.
I did the wave.
Without passion for game testing this may be a problem
bwaahahahaaa. I thought abt it for a quick second
#FF #thx4following - have a great #weekend!
I've missed you too :0)
Well I'm wearing boots so it is only my knees that are exposed...gotta dress to impress in the library.
RT : RT : BOGO 45% off MEN & WOMENS jeans at in Deal runs through Sun! Code "Time Bomb"
....its hot as balls. my pool needs open ASAP.
Left music vid rehearsal & now Im in the delivery room babies almost here. Im pumped. And so glad I didn't miss it.
AWEsome! save me one
Thanks, I was a bit shocked, but grade distributions might be public domain information. Still weird.
Welcome to the life on Danielle... Please pay admission up front. Sit back no recording and enjoy the show.
o lol i have a school thing at like laterish? i hope sum1 knows when lol cuz idk
It's frightening that an event bidding on men to support missions has a better turn out then a discussion addressing sexual assault and rape
Hi Brandon! We emailed you about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback! Thanks
My wife's mock trial team going for state championship repeat right now.
ha. they didn't think this one through very well.
If u missed us today...@ a minimum were doing LuncH 10am to 2pm 7 days a week @ Lees W Lake Mead...count on that unless we post otherwise..
Our subconsciousnesses can be eerily connected. I've correctly predicted the sex of friends' babies they hadn't found out yet.
I ordered a Raderberger Pilsner and my buddy say..."I thought you said you weren't eating!" LOL
For some of us, our iPods with the right music mixes are really time machines with a built-in fountain of youth
Share our page with your friends and family - everyone can follow there favorite food trucks here!
LOVE the new collection! Gorgeous, as always.
"I was about to say I wish I lived here" "you do live here" "yeah" "I guess you like the new garden" "yeah"
Mopar is quickly gonna become my Challenger's best friend!
can say what he wants,Durant is shying away due to the physical game,Westbrook is relishing it
Keep running. Long run tomorrow. Signed another new client this week. Running, working, being there!
Chilis! With and
oldest daughter went to first prom last night, very exciting...today girls are papercrafting may day gifts...now off to deliver!
what is ff I reckon something to do with Friday?
Celebrate 3OH3 today!
feeling lucky we had you to help! xo RT Have you had a chance to check out yet? Feeling lucky I got to help!
Whatever it is, it's not over yet.
Anthony Davis selected as finalist for Olympic team. In other news, Kyle Kuric selected as backup for First Baptist Church men's league
you will recover all your friends with time and yes you are still my wifey :D
Doc appts suck! Y do they keep us waiting and waiting??!? Ugh
Yes I finish rocking out to Boston's 'More than a Feeling,' before I turn my car off.
Newseum - great place to see front pages around the world - multiple languages. See reaction to major world events like those in Libya
the only way you can annoy us is if you don't win!!!!!
you gotta finish lmao
Ready to rage again? Okay.
the COLTS man
The Signature L features a six inch longer wheelbase for increased rear seat legroom
good morning
So expensive. It would be lovely if wonderful events like this were accessible to more people.
tomorrow is my first day of summer AND your birthday.. Quite possibly the best day ever????
remember you can quietly follow by subscribing to their RSS feed, but I say listening is great. I wish the Right would do it more
For every action made in haste one must decide if that act was only WASTE.
my wife an I are still thinking about you. I have the open qual on Thursday and will be thinking about u. Keep it up!
Just finished my last final & now heading home for the summer
what?!?!? delete every 4th email?
While hanging out with Chad today, I played him songs on guitar. What makes him great is that he puts up with me.
i h8 dat...i got blue eyeline all ovr my counter once -.-
Hungry again<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Cotto's son's hair is giving me life.
yay!!! You have been missed !! <3
Good grief santana needs to work on that arm again...and fyi manning that was a-cab not kipnis pretending he had the ball
How to embed a YouTube video into OpenScholar: Turn off Rich text formatting +use the old YouTube embed code(object not the iframes code).
That I understand!
A few users have been asking if we're going to update our chat application in v2.0. The answer is YES!
is almost at 1500 followers! Help by RTing ~ #1500 will win a prize & inside LATW scoop on celeb actors, discounts, &more!
someone has been here before.. a long time ago, and recently (and now)
Cartoon? RT , and will guest on tonight's show talk UKBB schedules, recruiting, nonsense.
108, and he's only topped out at 118 this season.
Change your description right now! Meghan will not like to hear about that! #inappropriate!
Little bro just wiped his ass with icy hot
I missed u!!
what have you been up to lately bro
Quick, Duquette, trade Gregg now while his value is at its peak
I hate watching news storys. Theyre all sad as shit.
I know seriously!! And then during the week they have to clean up all the damage!!!
Wow, what a double play by the #Cubs. Starlin's turn was as impressive as DeWitt's stop.
typical creative. that's the blessing and the curse in one inconvenient package.
of course we do...
Calling all young #PR pros! is looking for volunteers for the #communications committee. Interested? Msg or DM us!
having a beer and watching the NHL Hockey AllStart Skill Challenge with the kids....Great time all around
Website usability. The info isn't bad; it's just old and indicates lack of attention.
its over already? Weak.
Now I wish I woulda bought a fif
You deserve it after all the long hours you've been pullin'. Drink up!
Disembowling and drawn and quartered, read up on these techniques because body modification man deserves this kind of suffering at the hands
TGIT everyone! looking forward to the veteran's day weekend and some great l.a. rain shots. have a great day :)
Its who i am; your approval isnt fucking needed
I love some brandy
Hey, the girl isn't screaming. That's right: I trade frosties for peace. So what! (cheaper than aba)
Happy Valentine's Day to Everyone!
Don't give up, ever.
Follow me :)
Did you know that Baruch is one of America's Top 3 colleges for ethnic diversity?
I'm just a total curmudgeon about "20-somethings finding themselves in NYC" type stories.
No problem ^.^
Take a little, give a lot.
knew I could count on you
r they both younger????
Cat: Meow … Me: Meow? Cat: Meow meow … Me: Oh my lord, I speak cat.
Two cups of coffee and a mountain dew before noon. New record!
lol how about you go get me like 4 tacos, large curly fries and a sourdough jack and medium dr. Pepper.
Up for anything.. or is that down for nothing
MT : `We are both practicing Christians and obviously this position may be considered to put us at odds with ...' others
Want to come over? I'm watching "Youth in Revolt" and baking lemon bars... :)
Its always a good idea to drink
You should ask some of the #Rangers about #timtebow vs. #linsanity. . . or maybe the homestretch to #playoffhockey!
That theory is stupid as hell. Thet person that created that must have been incredibly bored and full of hate.
thanks! Cheers guys!
omg ! Me too!and so does the rest of my class! We were singing the theme song today! Lol!!
To try is to risk failure, but risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing
charleston chews! bc big league chew is my recent google searches. ha
That is sad news. RT : Sad news to report. Friend and colleague Bill Ratliff has died. Prayers for Bill and his family.
We manage recruiting and interviews for our clients #RPO - they typically manage exit interviews.
Going to the blue ridge mountains in NC to pick apples today.
Not at all...lol
#DWTS I bet can dance!! Previews look good can't wait to see it! Good luck!!
Yay if we finish the test we cn sleep in class im finished so goodnight!!!!!
thanks 4 following, Dave. And hello from Southern California.
hell nah
The enemies of tunes, on the march again. RT Cleve gets Sports on FM on 8/29, CBS flips Alt WKRK to "92.3 The Fan."
All, fell off the face of the earth for nearly 5 months to get a health diagnosis that explains so much-hope you will follow me again!
Cat daddy! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> lmfao.
We are working to develop a bio fuel powered advanced steam engine to be manufactured and built in Africa.
We even have a network in El Paso, Texas! Check it out
this weekends schedule: the 8th is giants playoff game, the 9th is the championship and the 10th moneyball comes out. Get excited!
Don't young muslims want to figure it out for themselves? Why this bondage? Do it then!
(btw, if you liked Yiddish Policemen you should def. check out Kavalier & Clay. It has a golem.)
I love sex in the city!
oppose SOPA and PIPA! they would fatally damage the free and open Internet.
Loving this season<3
Finally got around to watching pilot... I'm pretty much obsessed. New target show! :)
you have pretty eyes. so do you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> hahahahaha
Sounds awesome! Take advantage!
not the case at all :)
My sister is so thoughtful she game me chips. :)
Great D by Gasser there!!! Right back in this game now, let's show them how to
Swear when fb invite she was talking bout me when she said "leave ur light weight friends" home haha
Please #Indiana win one for the Gipper!!!!
Woot! My talk proposal was accepted for CasITConf '11! (via )
sup ma
Why is iTunes being so annoying
one thing I cant disagree with is Dr.Pepper... I think Tobe Hooper would agree!
Anyone party tonite?
It's a hoot, and always learn something! Thanks 4 joining : First time joining #lrnchat Overwhelming experience, but fun.
proven leader. takes great pride in the organization. will hold players to his standard. proven winner as coach...
Council seems to have undertones of support.
Hey guys goodmorning!!
did that just happen?...... oh my gosh.
okay I'll download them when I'm on wifi!
Did the big diner scene in Coldwood today. Another fine day in Alaska!
HI Leah Its Me Andrew
Martin got me in tears right now!!!!!
“: Big ships are built for deep waters, rough seas and new adventures. #LeaveTheHarbor”
Go SKINS! Whup um real good!
#Kegasus will be back this year for the #Preakness! Who's excited?!
Happy Easter! He is Risen! Amen!
A guy shows up late for work. The boss yells, “You should’ve been here at 8:30!” The guy replies, “Why? What happened at 8:30?”
really cool! What zoo r u at?
Anything worth having is well worth the wait...
Awesome. It's a big, fun world, isn't it? Thanks for the support!
Not sure why I goto most of my classes if I just sit there on my laptop anyways
Mazzy Star trending is the first twitter trend I can endorse.
Rocking out to "All The Boys" by Keri Hilson, while getting ready!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>
I thought jasper was about to die....
Intermission of "Deconstruction of a Drag Queen" by Katherine Harroff produced by Circle Circle Dot Dot. Great first act! Loving it. :-)
RT : Helping You Keep Your Car On The Road With Car Care Tips Weekdays During Your All Request Lunch Hour And Again At 5:20pm! ·
Any advice on how to display a twitter backchannel in Keynote running on iOS?
I'm not too savvy about these things except to know I sure did dislike the new Tweetdeck.
from where?:o
I'm not one for overstatement so I'll just say this: Harissa is the BEST. THING. EVER.
Maybe that wasn't it's intended purpose, but we can be thankful anyway!
Indy cars in Kentucky......
hey hey hey! Lol I'm hyper
I swear I practice what I'm gonna say in the mirror <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> #teamsixlove<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
huge three from Lin and Anthony killing the last minute, great start to NBA Sunday!
Me: what do you want for lunch? 6 wongs and buffalo chips. Me: I don't think Buffalo Wild Wings have that, but Canada does.
Go big or go home!!!
Great presentation by lance stuchell on unpaid internships: "if you can pay, pay"
I hate when i see my friends upset because of what a boy did to them...Blake you're dead to me.
Congrats to #Redskins great Art Monk on FINALLY & rightfully being inducted into the #NFLHOF. No.81 in your program and No.1 in your heart
Weeks turning it around!
Finding the right replacement bulb is now easier than ever with the launch of the new Bulb Selector web application from Shades of Light.
That amazing & lovely moment when you realize that is following you... Pff Makes me Happy :)
Called Tasty Bite company customer service, left msg, no response. Poor customer relations!!
For WAC. A cover letter is what skills you would bring to the internship and why they should pick you.
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT FANS
#cbrally & - What is step 2 to creating a social media strategy?
Feeling a summer cold coming on... Wonder who I caught that from
no, i'm not who i used to be; i am so much better.
#ThingsMenShouldntTextEachOther. Is my mom over at your house again?
Thanks for 18 followers. Love you all
it's a fine balance between being just drunk enough not to care and embarrassing yourself. Andy & I managed the former...
Sponsored by
Thanks to all who stopped by our booth and bought raffle tix and pull tabs . Congrats to all the winners!
I need some new music to listen to...
I have no Idea
define "online identity"
working on a logo for a new insurance company on the west coast.. hard to find inspiration/motivation today but I'm pushing forward :)
FINAL DAY for your chance to win $100 in restaurant gift certificates!!! See pinned post for details...winner will be announced tomorrow.
Thanks for sharing this. I am now following you and interested in hearig more from you.
Thoughts and prayers go out to Coach Billy Kennedy at TAMU in dealing with a tough health issue. Great guy we wish all the best
What's in your #MadMen glass tonight?
ITS TIME.... FOR AND THE MAVS TO CLAIM DESTINY AND BEAT THE #cHeat !!! #LeBrick SUCKS
I'd love to if I can work it out.
Just landed in SLC. Snow on the tops of the mountains. Looking forward to my first polygamy porter.
jon I am struggling to change the size of the font on my prezi?? X
haha "no homo" nice
MT : "The Jazz will almost certainly try to bring Josh Howard back next season. O'Connor and Corbin rave about him."
Why does the World Cup have game after the team's are eliminated? What's the point?
Dinner tonight: Beans on toast, style.
BajaLicious SO great to have you back! RT : im back! Baja chicken #burrito ! Taste Great!
Great show! Kyt :j
The #Annapolis Area will be opening next week!!!!
Dear SanFran folks: You have one of my fav cities. Please don't destroy it. Baseball shouldn't be taken that seriously.
Top 10 #Soccerisms by NASCAR FANS: She must be running on fumes.
Off to the B52's concert!
how was your day? i hope u smile 2day, because when U smile, I SMILE! <33 :)
Are you going to use screenfuse at the next Instagram Party? Ian is throwing Part Two #Instahawaii now its June 15
A woman's in pain, a woman's in woe, a woman is ill, when she likes to be so. - Italian Proverb
Excessive imitations to follow another's success route will make nothing more than just a copycat.
just delivered a platform to enable a marketplace for accelerating science.... curated content+linked data+purls+opensearch+people = wow
Don't give advice unless you're asked. - Amy Alcott
I can't believe that christmas is tomorrow :O
My favorite times of day are morning and evening because I love sleep.
This is my 'professional' feed. The other one is for pure, pure evil.
woo PARTY
I LOVE THAT MOVIE!!!!
fml so out of shape
It takes consistent practice to replace those thoughts with positive thoughts.
Actually, I think Bethany gets credit for the "me done good" line; I said "Show and tell"
Can I get camera/supplies from you today? Anything u don't have, I'll need to rent. Meet in afternoon?
so much of the beer!
These last two pages of this paper seem to be dragging
#naeh12 Transitional Living programs "It's not that the youth needs to fit the plan, the PLAN needs to fit the YOUTH
So many songs on my mp3 player but nothing to listen to.
Try Feedfoward - a respectful suggestion for another person to achieve future success targeting a behavior they have identified as critical.
I've actually on my way south to carlsbad for the weekend. Speaking at a womens retreat :)
that's how we roll!
That checkers by #primal be hittin when the night's over
The Indians are raking right now
your adorable (:
Missed you!!
Happy new years eve!! Well 2010 I gotta say, you weren't the best year...
Lindsey Vonn: Don’t Stop When it Starts to Hurt
thank you! Just sent you an email. :)
If its going to fucking rain, rain. If not dont rain ! #bi-polar. #lightswitchON&OFF.
The same fuckin' song on REPEAT!!!!! WTF
Packing up my room and We Found Love comes on
Thank you for the #FF last week: (Be sure you follow back - offer great & useful content)
Let me try this: MT "I like farts"
Q3 Definitely believe in 's "flexible attention policy." Interactions have been key to my knowledge.
Just three more days of Dance Is The Answer. Lots of free classes and performances still to come. hwww.danceistheanswer.org/when.htm
E. Tawil: Brown's repurposing of extraliterary materials one of the defining features of his writing.
one down, a million left :)
Bahahaha zombie jesus, I would watch out for lightning all day.
“: I'm a princess and you're not so go away.” (:
My baby boy is dancing in his first show in NYC and I am not there.
Someone come put in the disc of #Lost for me. I'm too comfortable to get up.
Not everyone is made out to sing, but if you sound like a wounded cat and you refuse to go to a vocal coach, I can't help you. smh
great ...nice to see good pics w/ no doctoring/digital image edits. Good job. “: none whatsoever.”
is screaming inside. Christmas music is flowing through the mall.
Am I being subtweeted ?? Bitch mention me!
THAT WAS HILARIOUS! I took screenshots which are now all over face book
Did anybody else hear how bad Jessica Sanchez sounded on those first few notes...both times she sang it?!?!
awful aunt u r
Happy Cinco De Mayo AND Derby Day!!! I hope you all found a way to celebrate both! Sombreros at the derby anyone?!?!
I love spring! Even though it officially starts today I'm so glad it came early.
how are u
You can start watching the action on and tell what you think
Joking aside, I'm generally a much happier person in the last month for some reason. Not sure why ;)
Whos ready for 7pm? ;) Have you told all your friends yet?!
thanks love!! Miss you!!
Don't Forget!! Free Coors Light Draft and Free Pizza every Friday from 3-5!! What a Deal!!
I have you finishing top 3 in FIFA player of the year too. Much respect for you on a fantastic season!
#Isles and #Habs tonight in Montreal. Can the Isles end their 5 game losing streak?
Just found out that I have been losing 100s of dollars because I was swiping the credit cards wrong
we good, and we were 38 and 2, we were good and lucky!
Natural joy brings no headaches and no heartaches.
sensationalism on the news. Belltown on a Friday night is worse. Nothing much happening down here
Very interesting post. Thanks for the link.
Interesting question, I'd like to see responses
of coarse duh. I have a crush on you still Lmfao. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> but don't worry. Aaawwwww Mac good seeing you. Next week again?
Want free tickets for you and your friends for 4/23 or 4/25?! RT this and get your name entered in the drawing!
When I read your tweets backwards I hear Rowan & Martin.
For your plans in Tucson this weekend allow the chauffeur's at Integrity to take you to your destination safely and conveniently
I'd like to have a big push again...anyone willing to suggest my idea to their friends for support of the page???
Hot single + Dope Feature = #SHOWOUT by
That the decision is taken away from the voters, and as in 2000 turned over to the lawyers and the courts.
Have you ever been at a bar so long you get a neon tan?
No LTE in TN yet? It's awesome (when it works and available) here in OH.
just ordered Caro's The Passage of Power
is scary
So me and my sisters left the bar tender a note saying how hot he was and then watched him pass it to his co workers smiling... So funny
How did I not know that John Stockton's son was the pg for Gonzaga?
I've come across one spammer on #OKCupid & surprised there aren't more.
I like! Make profile pic :-)
Music sounds better when you sing I wanna hold your hand :)
i really don't understand Barbra Walters...
Jealous! Have fun and we look forward to the juicy details :)
130 cappers posted with col.BB action and 6 consensus from their picks & that is IT NOW off to the MM party here in LV Day 2
Buffalo Blues!
I'm loving it. The new What!?
H.O.M.E.W.O.R.K. Half Of My Energy Wasted On Random Knowledge.
not sure what you are referring to and i believe you may have the wrong Joann. Try
To all my creative souls. Mark EVERY photo you release on the net! ppl can steal it if their pressed but will think twice. (lesson learned)
The only chick I need is my agent Oh no, everything stops when she hit the tele-phone. :D
I didn't even get on FB during April fools... Didn't want to see stupid ass post.
that Burleson trade looks better and better RT Patriots release TE Dan Gronkowski, team announces.
Twitter is just gonna end up like facebook if bitches keep up with this RT for a shout out thing.
Thanks for following us at !
Bomb Ass sex will have you thinking your in Love....
Losing Minnesota Vikings Stadium Battle Would Be Costly For NFL
psyched for two days of #edUI!
Taking pages of notes and I'm not even in school?!
Gracias for recent RT's! Happy Weekend!
Tell your friends to add my page! <3 spread the word!
Seriously? People who cant follow a sign to where the line starts should be slapped.
Me watching the Hawks right now "Good for you! Whoever you are..."
We got chingasos and borrachos! Pero no moon tonight
I believe so
Looking forward to being a #salesforce isv partner shortly! Government #appexchange here we come!
Trust me a few years of no playoffs and the Met players will be cute and they'll be at Citifield
I find social media very exciting. So much opportunity to connect to the world around you -- not to mention the power of social buzz.
And living wages. Such a full plate!
define "contained"?
Reduced LONG $USDJPY for +12 pips profit; 5% of the community volume is trading the USDJPY with sentiment 35% SHORT
How many times have you watched the video Bad Romance by Lady Gaga? I am on my 20th view.
Sometimes I think tweeting is lame.
Bearly going to sleep ://
Jesus no! Tell me you saved the Leopard print stuff!
People on Facebook "Like" everything but grammar
thanks for the vibes! Percocet FTW!
Yes it's early in the season, but I take great delight with each loss. Glad they're anchoring the AL West cellar.
SPLASH BASH @ FREEDOM ELEMENTARY, SATURDAY APRIL 14TH 5-7!! WEAR BLACK, $5 & BRING YO SUPA SOKAS!!!! THE MORE THAT COME THE MORE FUN IT IS!!
Happy Halloween! Indulge a little ;)
YES! People used to get mad at me cause I never left messages. I explained that I expected the same in return.
LOVE judging this firefighter calendar event with and others
Latino Decisions/Univision poll today does not account for closed FL pri. Over 1/4 of Dems say they will vote in GOP pri! More from me soon.
Pretty good description of my life before coming out, though i doubt thats what you intended. Thanks for writing. I always read!
I am bi and you ?
Every moment and every event of every man's life on earth plants something in his soul.
The whole entire floor in my condo vibrates even ceramic tile floors.
Will send photos soon.
omg michele bachmann is endorsing romney's candidacy & i cannot recall when i last felt so, i dunno, "DUH" MAYBE?????
Funny story, outside a house show last year some fan was like "PERCY!" and he turned around and was all OH YEAH/rain fingers.
what is an iphone kit? And why do you need one? ;)
first pick is an "F" Phil not a good start
i like the fish bites myself with the tarter sauce :)
I heard yo verse not the whole thing tho
Thanks! I promise I'll keep in touch :)
Thanks for the laff. Hope my tweet doesn't scare you.
I'm not an expert in politics but re: immigration i'm totally with Romney.
how are you doing...cheer up!
They're giving out ice cream & punch @ heb <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0> yum!
That was almost a Packer Nation fail...
I hear ya, Man, & ya see it more and more. Lots o crap U never used to see on a Bball court.
follow her she's a great person. Always RTing someone.
Big bang theory has no more bazinga or what
LOVE THIS! RT Money makes people wealthy, friends make people rich.
Join us tomorrow @ 6:30pm for the 's Annual Membership Meeting & Dinner at GWU's Marvin Center!
Met up with 2nd unit tonight to pick up footage for blanks; some wild stuff! :)
I said to the Gym instructor "Can you teach me to do the splits?" He said "How flexible are you?". I said "I can't make Tuesdays"
Sunday spin with Erin: She just said "I'm 4 weeks until show so I'm going to rip your glutes, quads, and hammies up" Holy smokes, what show?
I do love Pete Rose though.
DC Protests: Cornel West Arrested During Supreme Court Demonstration
good feature of u in Would luv to be a guest at one of your dinner parties would learn a lot.
Supercuts awesome soundtrack has "rape me" by Nirvana. And there are two little girls getting haircuts.
S/o to and for a great season/careers
too long ago
i wish i had a damn link card smh
this sounds amazing! We will be the first users ever to use this site?!?
Dinner - cod fillets, peas and sweet potato fries.
Patron was looking for Ravi Shankar. Found the pieces she was looking for and she (jokingly) offered me naan. I wish Devon Ave delivered!
awesome thx let you and know excited to start
Welcome new follower Good to have you!
Good catching up with today. Good times my friend but didn't get the nap I was looking for.
On vacation :-) Up getting to take and her friends to WSSU for a campus tour. Yesterday was NCA&T.
Off to Therapy I go.
Lakers/Thunder has the makings of a 7 game battle. Hard fouls. Trash talk. It's already starting and they have yet to play a game.
Why doesn't twitter have a feature to follow automatically oor unfollow automatically? Why do we have to use 3rd party websites for it?
Sometime after launch theres going to be somethinged called leap frogging, dont get jumped! Free members get jumped..
Sent a welcome tweet to #12 earlier today :)
It will def be hard for the hawks to come back down 3-1 in the series but I have seen it before.
Wow. That's Sox like. Winning run on base? Gets thrown out stealing.
#eDeweyCantLeaveTwitterBecause his voice deserves to be heard daily.
The kids say "let's go to the circus"
Study stage presence is. Watch American Idol and you can see when they have it and when they don't.
Little boxes on the hillside, Little boxes made of ticky tacky, Little boxes on the hillside, Little boxes all the same.
Do all that shit you be talkin about, While you gone shieett...netflix on the couch..
good point. I'm the rare person who prefers buying a whole series rather than watching online. Recently I bought $150 of DVDs.
thanks all those pretty faces at Tonic Tavern last night. you made the night somethin special. Yes, yes you did
KC area, Overland Park to be exact but we had girls from all over the metro. Again, this was 10-12 years ago :)
I've just realized that it's now more important to me to have hardwired connectivity near my TV than in my home office.
i'm massaging it :3
Free Rochester Amerks tickets for this weekend's opening game!! Email !
It's never to late to change things or circumstances in your life, whether your 15 or 105. Don't give up on life. Positive vibes family.
Great read, gonna pick up a bottle just for fun.
I love squats.
Do you miss me like I miss you?
been on a Kid ink binge lately, wish him and Wiz would put something together
1/2 hour more on Bart and then home. I cannot wait to see Mssr. Mousse and sleep in a real bed tonight.
yooo are you goin to mac miller tom?
Time to finish my masterpiece
Look at me now
dem say mi nah go nowhere!!
I'm only kidding
Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence
I saw a guitar collection on Saturday in Apollo, dude had a FlipOut among many many cool guitars!
YES, 1st time officially working together on camera in LA! Thanks to Edgar & his crew (incl. ) for making it happn!
stay sexy. be bossy.
cleaning the house, baking banana bread & catching up on reality tv
Shit She Said Team SUCK That Lmao Damn Straight Out w. It to !
I don't chalk the issue w/ Ruby-Processing up to the language/library but my own inability to get it, of course.
chill with the strobes towards the crowd. That's 2 people out cold w seizures!
Drug suspensions should be lengthened or shortened based on a Mitchell Factor - is the excuse more or less plausible than DM in '98
Enjoying my first Noice.
Next up in Chicago, a tax on air.
No strings attached ~
This weather makes me want to sleep all day
Its a beautiful morning
Let's control the division
#thatmoment ; when you see that guy and everything feels right. <3
A lot of people who've accumulated great wealth have not had that as their goal at all. Wealth is just a by-product, not the motivation.
": Just got done 4 hours of SCUBA training with (working on our PADI Certification). Just wait for buddy breathing ;)
O yeah thats twitter not tweeter just like saying tweet
hating you so much right now.
Decided to burn lots of calories today so I set a fat kid on fire.
me & n route
Extreme Couponing: Mom just called her kids as "my litter", and has bought enough cereal to last family 3 yrs. M...stale Crunch Berries.
We could save Hollywood! Like bringing back young Mel Gibson before he went crazy.
Some girls are TOO emotional! Get some heart.
Yikes, I'm shocked. Beastie Boys among the best there ever was.
Is that like a shot?
Chi-town baby!!
I needed the company haha
well your speaking to one of them right now
"However fierce our band was in the past,imagine me,six-foot-two,in heels,f---ing screaming into someone's face."-
no problem
That shoulder tackle screamed GTFO
Free wifi on planes is the best invention ever. Thank you
It’s time to toss the Frisbee. Who’s with me?
teen mom is soo great!
no problem bear lol:) how are you doing?
Happy Valentines Day!
New fridge today. Stainless, too. Oh. Marc's happy..he has a new little TV to watch in the kitchen while he's creating his masterpieces!
Follow Me An I Will Follow Back!!!
Dear Yahoo, I've never heard anyone say, "I don't know, let's Yahoo! it..." just saying... Sincerely, Google
I sing everything!!! Mainly r&b and soul! why whats up, are you gonna introduce me to Diddy?
SKYPE SESH WITH LARA. SHE HAS A BEAUTIFUL NEW DRESS AND COLUMBIA JACKET.
Lol. Whatever. Well it's very cleaned... scrubbed and vacuumed.
hayy can u send me the link to living loving and hating chapter 4?? Pls! <33
We're thinking a Spicy Chicken Sandwich + Waffle Fries + Large Lemonade sounds great for dinner today. Anyone else?
Goal for college: Avoid the freshman 15.
Give a little loving......But still gonna need some more
Remember, it's not about affordable housing, but about household affordability.
“Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.” ~Voltaire
I'm so fat
Headed to Sunset Lounge to add some color to the party.
Join us tonight for the Juilliard Jazz Ensembles Student Originals Concert, 8pm in Paul Hall! Check in on Foursquare to receive a free CD!
The interest today will be to see if the DOW can finish at zero or above. Right now, it is creeping towards zero.
I'm tryna hit u & see where lol call me or tell brent to
Romney: You cannot please all the people, all the time, but with my cars, the height of trees, Davy Crockett, & grits, I'll sure try
That's weak. I won't stay there.
Finna call it lights out for the night. Today was a great day. Goodnight Twerps!
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #anythinggoes because Dylan is so sexy rexy.
Los Angeles! Tonight is at w/ WheeL Up! #Reggae #Dancehall #Bashment (via )
ee Cummings you make the girls swoon
I can't wait to go fishing and hunting with my papa again!!
check your FB. I am in NYC... we should talk.
Who caught the free event last night with Ba? Please share, would love to hear feedback also what topic would you like the next? Anyone?
I'm effing sleep deprived!
#YouCuteAndAllBut you don't need to know where i am, who im with, and what im doing 24/7.
I thought u said Friday for Smashburger. Let's go today then
sweet stuff dude!
Take a deep breath. As you let it out, say “ah” or "m" or "ohm" or lightly hum. Feel your #heart opening.
Definitely. Tomorrow is Tuesday!
What's special about our show Friday with ? Well...Ryan can't make it so we will be playing as a trio!
So blessed things could have been worser. I'm glad God has a better plan for me.
Cool party on the greenhouse rooftop. New York style thanks Jonathan
There's only one important independence day & that's July 4th. If you disagree then you hate America & support Al Queda.
Cam Newton: "My parents do so many things behind the scenes that go unnoticed." No, Cam. We noticed.
Is it just me or is REALLY REALLY cute c;
Lol, well I might go to mexico this weekend -_- (kill me, forced to go) but if not hell yeauh you coming over <3
sorry about that. the show we had posted for today is actually september 10th.
needs to #getwithit and learn how to twitter
Paper chaser nigga
da lort is my shepart, for i shall not want!
no I beat you up! Boa constrictor style!
Good Morning and Happy Friday, looks like a beautiful day even with the rain!
Brandon Marshall to the BEARS......yeah buddy
I think it's harder to get to notice me on twitter than :P
“: I'm a crazy girlfriend, idgaf.”
Man I'm so glad I took those whisky shots last night.
is amazing and we have interesting conversations on the bus (:
Time to dominate this short story.
it is almost indescribable.
Welcome to the Packers Nick!
RT RT to win! Smart Balance’s new #SpreadableButter comes in 3 varieties with great taste & added health benefits.
I am unable to DM you cuz ur not following me...!
i love your boobs and long hair
your gnarly advice is needed too much but you always seem to help out so I'm hoping you can today!
Cinderella lost her slipper, not her virginity. You don't need to have sex to find your prince.
55 days and 17 hours remaining until PHISH A/C
Am I the only person who loves LA while simultaneously missing NYC??
Been an emotional wreck lately and learned that it's ok to let things out, it's all part of growing up.
I dvd'd the debate. Not a Newt fan, but he, at least out the outset, kicked ass!
i sure love me some cowboys they look soo handsome and the rodeo coming up and they dress up soo nice um i love cowboys
A simple gesture goes a long way. After your story runs, send a thank-you note to the reporter. It will make a good impression.
5 days until rehearsals begin for summer tour madness...currently working on an arrangement of "It Isn't Easy Being Green"
I love Lego video games!
Epic fucking fail. #redrobin in Monona sucks ass, friends.
it's definitely possible-our intent is to extend the reach of SA wine writings and opinions through educators like you. Thx!
wat yo punk ass been up to
We got one word for ya - FREE! Free breakfast, free shuttle to the airport, free parking...ok that was more than one word but you get...
#monsterenergydrank !!! I really need to do my homework :(
Rain has stopped. Don't forget to bring a rake and broom to your fields tonight. Let the playoff baseball games continue!
Coordination.Collaboration.Communication.3 good leadership skills.
I'm Potter Stewart. It's hard to define, but I know it when I see it.
If day 1 of this MD trip is any indication of how's it going down....whew!
Bon Appetit Makes Strides With Reformed Animal Welfare Policy
The biggest enemy to learning is the talking teacher. - John Holt
yea its the same way for me I'm like :/ ru. It in y don't you
Nigh-nigh, Bjorn & Nick~~
Enough to fund 500,000 teachers salaries? RT : You won't believe how much Robert Downey Jr. is making from 'The Avengers'
I FEEL LIKE THROWING A PARTY TONITE!!! ahahaha
Congrats you two!
that takes honor and humility. He must have thought you were a hilarious jokester. ;)
I saw that. She don't want no sauce.
Thank you for following & welcome, love being connected with other artists.
yes!! Watch it!!! It's super good!
When commercials are playing on all of your favorite radio stations <<<
5 days of school left. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes
Peds lose in third game by 3, play again tomorrow morning 9am @ Sacramento Softball Complex
OH "I think calling it a 'whimsical rabbit hole' is really reductive."
Yeah! That's awesome! I really, really like symphonic rock/metal!
Luna park with my sister! :)
RT : Thank you for making us one of the Top 25 Things about ABQ! [M...Grove pancakes...Grove anything!]
If Mad Men doesn't win every award possible for this season, Hollywood needs a collective vision/hearing/dementia test.
RT : is a better golfer than I am
Wow! We have 100 followers! It's the little things. Thanks to you all! Here's to 100 more! And remember: It's all about the music!
Do you ever feel like you don't have many friends anymore? I don't know why either, I haven't pushed anyone away.. :(
I didn't know you had to come to a complete stop at the red light...I totally just paused!!
thats what s up.
. We need another awesome car gal replacement! ;-)
women must learn to forgive, even themselves
#ILove1DBecause they have awesome music & are real and care for their fans . (:
User behaviors & expectations: users equate libraries and books. An outdated perception that needs to be changed.
Oh em gee where's when you need her!
That awkward moment when the person in the stall next to you says, "Hey, cute shoes!"
Orange juice + acid reflux + burp = tequila taste that won't leave my mouth.
What I let the boys do for fun.
Have let many angry thoughts go unshared over the last couple of days. Am grateful for the smartness and compassion of my pals.
Well, thank you, Secretary Grow. I think the conveying of the message [to Paris] would be easy, but how about conveying me? [1945]
We Three Kings, because the lyrics are historically suspect and the music is deeply annoying.
This date 1970: The ill-fated Apollo 13 launched, commanded by James Lovell who had graduated from Juneau High School in Milwaukee,
that is true. I know that he will step it up
how's your day going Kuya Ricky? :)
that's unfortunate...I've decided that Im not going...i think i have a college thing tomorrow anyway
no, no hard feelings at all. I appreciate it, use whatever stuff of mine you want, for real
lol be like yeah movie night at my house tonight ;) just tell mustard you'll be canceling on him x'D
So happy about this weekend! Leggggggo
I just seen some diamond glass speakers..shit cost $53,000
Ah & the tie in to Shannon's beautiful ,practical work sits right there on the surface as we go to .99 of the radius...
headed to work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> its gon be a long day but gotta get paid
Whitney Houston has left us way to soon. R.P.I . Babe!
Finally home! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Oh No! What happnd
Hope is happy now that I'm following her.. Sheesh.
Busily working on renewal forms for next year this morning!
its a person, and you'll know what i mean as soon as i say the name. but i dont want to but it on here! i'll DM you
giirl just saw you drive by
Playing BLUES on Halstead tonight with Pistol Pete and Geoffrey Lowe.
Haha great day but tomorrow will be better
RT : Shut up, The only test you can pass is the pregnancy one ¯\_(<U+30C4>)_/¯<< hell fuck naw!
M. Nitrogen & nourishment for all those plants.RT : A good storm can be a beautiful thing.
There's stories to tell , we've been through it all.
Feel free to wear double pants that day and restore the balance in the world!
sickest senior
I should have gotten a burn today, meaning I should have biked to Canada, but the work happily had momentum.
Thanks for the re tweet! xoxo
watching #WeLoveLucy & blowing #bubbles its just magical!!
aight let me know.
according to fatheads board.. Two.. Hop and then juju
Thanks for the follow . I love you.
: B/F parenting: children see normative femininity separate from heterosexuality; they see it differently than we do
@ the Vikings and have had a 3td game yet
Dying for it. Will email you.
Flying almost directly over my In Laws house at 33,000 feet.
YOU WILL?
wow Joined by War really knocked it outta the park! AMAZING! thank you so much!
I had a tough year but I pulled through it all. I'm ready to start all over. I'm ready for the new year.
Friday, Saturday, AND Sunday at the Owl Bar- $4 Harp, $4Smithwicks, Guinness!
hey FL mahomies! are you guys excited for Austin to come to Florida?! :D
that moment when tweets so much you wanna tell him to stfu!:)
im not the bible is im not trying 2 be mean it is
One episode into my so-called life. Me and angela chase share the same thoughts on how weird chewing is.
While we are free to choose our actions, we are not free to choose the consequences of our actions
absolutely love bright and sunshine filled mornings in downtown #Milwaukee it doesn't get much better than this!
when I was 18 I grinded up 5k bankrolls at 1/2 there. Never thought I'd see the day 50/100 NL ran there.
Ugh. why are you so flawless???
"why does she need a tutor to get into itt tech"
We're counting down the days, too! Blooms & Butterflies opens March 10!
Attend the Search Marketing Panel Presented by to pick up wristband & attend the Bing Social Meetup at Showbox Market starting at 5pm.
“: Modern Warfare at midnight glad my baby is understanding Kause I may not sleep tonight yessir” same mood..
I just told Iron Man the good news, he jumped up with excitement.
I toss and turn and to see your not there
Mr Food. O it's soo creepy
Overflow crowd at town hall focusing on Poway High substance abuse deaths.
Check out
Fuck You Turiaf, You Sell-Out! We Birthed Your Talentless Career.
Even the vocal audience lets off a good one sometimes. When the previews ended a lady cried "FINALLY!" & I coulda kissed her.
RT must read this goes on so much at my school : (
Was about to tweet something about the ASININE STUPIDITY & IGNORANCE I deal with daily, but I had to reframe from voicing my thoughts.
TGIF!Get $2.50 Corona & $6.00 Jack Daniels at Little Darlings!!! Come get crazy with us tonight and party with the girls til 2am!!!
Husband requests that i stop saying 'hey girl' every time ryan gosling is on screen.
Watching your child struggle with rejection and disappointment is painful. But an opportunity to point them to the Cross is worth it.
Where'd you see that?
So glad someone has one.. we have rain! Eeeps! :)
watches part one and two? Now they're just getting lazy.
Wait, is getting her own show?!?! Yay!!! Also: why did it take so long for such an awesomely funny woman to get her own show?
of course I do
oh okay have fun
Don't wantto get motivated today. But I know I need to
when you emailed it didn't let you?
sounds like you're a fan of our governor
YES! Who also...
#GoPackGo #GoPackGo !!!! D E F E N S E Defense!!!
best rapper alive
Nothing rewarding was ever easy
call or text me 323.481.1161 and let's discuss.
Be happy for what yho have,because there culd be some1 out there wishing for what yho have?
Thanks! We're glad you like it.
hahaha, longest night!
i want to cut my hair. but i don't. i'm just tempted . long hair don't care pahaha
We have to go back!!! #LOST Best show all time
The entire Kinetik Entertainment family is happy to have back at our Head Quarters in Chicago!
not really
Out on the farm. Great village of Pleasanton, Nebraska.
If you dont love yourself how can u love sum one else.
yess, your beyond beautiful! Your just FLAWLESS <U+E328>
are you eating enough food? and yeah the sugar looks like 1 culprit but i am NO expert. just trying to stay paleo.
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> 20
Love my boyfriend:)
S/o goin in on right now!! Waddup.my dude ??
Direct your Passion wisely*
ETHIER got only $3 mil more! Ethier and Loney should be more than $3 mil apart.
oh no!
Yup, in Bangkok, but heading to India tomorrow and then Singapore two days after. Meet me in one of those ;)
Much cooler today, big forecast coming up in a few!
makin that <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>tho
Everyone else just says stuff about Tim Tebow.. give it a try.. it works.
How do you carry Christ into your everyday life? Where does he lead you in your everyday life?
Intown boutique warehouse sale happening now. 280 Elizabeth street in Inman Park. Up to 90 percent off Bill Hallman, Demure, etc.
*Phew* just got done, I'm tired.
if your complexion resembles the color of piss #killyourself Yall khaki colored dudes r out of style
wrd ill start packing
Dennis rodman!! Topless basketball!! I'm coach
Eat at as many places as possible! RT : Just landed in omaha for #bigomaha. Think this is my first time in Nebraska. Tips welcome
Our speakers tonight do think that Jefferson gathered Sally Hemings' children.
thanks for supporting Austin ! <3 we mahomies love the Janoskians :)
Ricky Williams in a wedding dress
#lasttimeichecked we're not in a relationship so why are you blowing up my phone
We had that. You need to get rid of them before they come through the drywall. :P
The more things you consider to be a reason for joy, the more joyful you will be.
The dissertation is done! Thank you for all your help, encouragement and support!!!
Our two most recent Presidents have agreed to work together to raise $$ for Haiti.
wow!! Loving the logo;-)
“: So excited! I love shopping for my wife!!” I don't hate it either :)
Nice meeting you and your wife tonight at #RomareATL!
I will be counting down daily until the release of #TheMuppets DVD. Unfollow me if you must, for I will not be stopped. 9 DAYS.
A laugh with hugs in it! Now that's good medicine. You are thoughtful!
so true! I try to remember what it was like in the beginning when we used to fail all the time. That's how we learned.
Working on A Letter From Omdurman by Jeffrey Jones at the Flea!
is it teva or isabel? RT My celebrity crush is not well known. My friends aren't impressed that she follows me on twitter.
I felt better after I went to sleep, thank you though :)
Immediately following this morning's keynote, will conduct a presentation entitled, " #Cloud for Solutions"
Loves and really almost doesn't remember studio life without it.
Tweet time.!
My flight has wifi - rockin Christmas channel & catchin' up on work. Now if only they'd take my drink coupons..
lol it happens randomly
Seven days straight..one day off and then my week starts again. All I see is green right now
Our temporary selfishness will keep us from eternal significance. Dont live 4 yourself in the now, but for who God wants u 2 b n the future.
and i've been thinking bout forever...
i followed
going to OG tonight with family :)
RT Can anyone tell me is District 91 any better than they were 4 years ago? Be sure to vote Bryan Nov 8!
Save the rain forest
Did people answer you about this? It was a good question!
thank u!!!
Oh, she's nice enuf. Seeing people happy is also a treat by itself.
Two Clearwater schools are on lockdown as police search nearby for a suspect. Eisenhower Elementary and Calvary Christian
500 Days of Summer? Never saw it but I'm sure you're not alone :)
Please do!
I love Carlos Gomez
thanks Nicole! Hope you're having a great week & have a happy Mother's Day this weekend!
no thanks.
Thanks for the shout out. I think of you when I hear the phrase "stolen antiquity."
Money may not buy happiness, but it did by IKEA kitchen cabinet inserts that have made me very very happy.
aw, thanks to one of my favorite blogs!
¿Qué cosa te pone de los nervios? / What does get you on your nerves?
Phone restored! I am now the proud owner of an '09 Palm Pixie.
now she need to have her face BEAT by me :-) !!!!
omg! I would "accidentally" spill my drink on his turntable. What a dick.
Good morning!
Don't forget... Stock up on BUENO® Grandma's® Tortillas at your local John Brooks - 4 for $5 through April 14th!
You should eat some protein within an hour of finishing your workout to recover your muscles! What do you like to eat post workout?
Checkin me out lezbo damn on the sack :* ;D
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom. ~ Euripides
if what you do hurts people, fucking rethink what you are doing. get with the
According to the NY Times, it was the longest investigation of wrongdoing since Oregon senator Bob Packwood.
:) for me,it's so hard to get frustrated until I sit back and take stock of all the wonderful things I've got.
cool...I was a little gushy about saying hi after last time :-)
MT : "Modified tweet" added to "A tweet amended before forwarding uses the abbreviation MT."
Luv a good weiner. : I enjoy the Wieners.: Lovin the show 2day. Memories.
Some need a reminder.LOYALTY:the quality or an instance of being loyal"Lack of loyalty is the major causes of failure in every walk of life”
Registered at #WMC2012 , booked my flight tickets ... Miami Beach Here i COme ;)
S/o to all things TEXAS are a win! BELIEVE IT!!!! TX STAND UP!!!!
Only one more Monday left this year!!
I know! And still no True Hollywood Story! Wtf??
THEY LOOK SO GOOD.
Probably good that doesn't deliver: face would be buried in a burger right now...or a 2nd burger. With a fried pickle on the side
Omg!! I've just been drinking orange juice every morning. I hope that's just as good? Haha
Touch my butt again and you'll end up in the hospital.
what sentence, I couldn't find it.
1.Go to a salon in the Castro 2. Order the Back, Sac, and Crack 3. Hang on tight!
#inmiddleschool was my comin out party as far as da ladies .... Start gettn noticed
and i love Demi Lovato i'm like 12.
Today is my last day of teaching at Muncie central...so I'm buying tons of cookies.
hahaha no i dont! I'm back, im black
Hey lovely, HAPPY EASTER <3
I'm glad! We want to keep you in the loop.
Saw hunger games last night. Counting the days until I can see it again
You hear that? That's the sound of a mass suicide in Cleveland
Angie Monday is going to be crazy good buy me something at Barneys in LA hopefully Givenchy!
RT for a Shoutout! (must be following me!)
fuk fly i am fashion tryna cop that new benz wagon
Interesting comic. I like the art :3.
i want a friend name GABI.
Why Today Cannot Be Friday!!!!!
Had a good night with my girlfriend she made me spaghetti :)
hi son! lol I was so confused!
I love college football and could give two shits about this game.
Life Limitations: if you are talking about something weird in public i do not have the statistical power of self necessary to not eavesdrop
run on in
We are looking to finish today-- however, kids keep thinking of more to add so maybe tomorrow :)
I've been. By the very nature of having to visit the bathroom, I've visited your brewery! :)
I want to do bad things with you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
will do!
I'm VERY excited.....not just seeing everyone back on the Tv....but this season is going to be so "gnarly ".! :-) :-) :-)
I fell in love with a snowflake until she met the sun and came undone...
Just like Lebron scared of the last shot
11 Top Celebs to Follow is all the cute boys! RT if u agree!
what happened?
Off to school..
Impending doom...
You think I've had walls up before? I'm going to have skyscrapers up now! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
thanks! love the parks and rec reference on your blog
I need this one thing !!! And you know what the thing.. <U+2665>
"We're each other's settling soul mates."
And make sure to mention Salpidae, Gigantocypris and Coelentrates
Waiting at the barber shop....
Thanks Bill for following ...also check out for a beautiful universal interconnected experience
as you should be
you're missing attribution on this
Reading "House" by Tracy Kidder. The frame isn't even up yet and I'm already convinced I don't ever want to build a house! :)
god morning niall!! <3 I'm doing great! How bout you?! :) RT or. #followmeniall!!
I just wrote this up, too!
yes! Im super happy :D I missed him so much<3 I thought a person was gonna take me or sumthin lol but I'm glad he came back for me
Sometimes I have to stop myself from doing exactly wht I jus finished saying not to do...smh
It's time for dinner:)
Senior prom is supposed to be loads of fun. Now it's all about who's mad at who. Calm the fuck down
photo or it didn't happen!
Cuz u showed me and proved me different. RT : why would you think that?
I've had to sleep with the hall light on for the past month after watching illuminati videos.
Well I'm up and I guess I will shower now
Green and Robinson!
non of my friends watch #Castle :'( but i got one to start watching it :D
Since I'm not running the marathon tomorrow, I'm sitting around making motivational graphics for my dear friend who is.
Best day ever<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
It's time for some more #AmericanHorrorStory!! Yay!!
Sometimes I wake up face-to-face with We then stare at oneanother for a brief moment which is followed by a day of awkwardness.
are you on leave or carrying your full load of work?
#McBieburger trend this people :D
Dnt try to get involved with me when I make it.
S/O to the #flyernation on a tough loss. and You had a great time in a flyer uniform
Patron needed Study and Critical Thinking Skills in College but we don't carry textbooks. No local college had it either.
#COSN '12-13 budgets must inc upgrades 2 infrastructure & replacements 2 CPU needed 2 test/certify readiness '14 US online assessments
NEWWORLDCULTURE"S LOUNGE SKATESHOP GRAND OPENING MAY1 WIT AZ"s OWN DJ ELEMENT GIVEAWAYS DA WHOLE 9 ..haha Page Themes Page Themes Page The
too cute and congrats girlie! Welcome to the Alumni Club!
Looking forward to NFL Playoffs this weekend! #nflplayoffs can't wait.
Bulls begin in 1 hour: $16 domestic buckets, $5 22oz bud/bud light drafts, $5 effen black cherry cocktails. Need we say more?
just wrapped it up...its called "Ring the Bell"...great time filming in Florida!
I'm just going to pretend you didn't say that.
If you a grown man that can't take a joke <<<
Boris Johnson: We need more tax cuts
Can you believe it is already October? Make a day out of shopping for fall clothes and lunch at Daily Grill!
i set myself up for that one.
And I'm addicted to champagne.
Twittering Negative: Gettin Hit Up by Twitter Prostitutes. SMH. And its Sunday Morning; The Day Jesus Rose from Grave.
Well done to #combatcompany today 3 gold, 3 silver and 3 bronze at WKA southern open, 9 medals out of 12 fighters, you all did us proud!
better get more bar time logged quickly: usat.ly/uI8SHB
I can't wait to see you eiither! D:
It's the last day of the ARA here in New Orleans. Come by and visit us in booth
Damn is a scrub all these people retweeted my tweet:o loser!!!(:
That'd be hilarious. Please update if you get a reply.
: that's what I'm saying. They closing all the routes I use to get down here, so Idk...they just might not see me them days<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Ooh, I have left my chargers behind a few times. Not fun, LOL! 24-70/2.8 is killer when you need it. More zoom never hurts.
Watch at 5pm tonight! Magnolia Bay Toffee will be featured on the news as a tasty alternative to chocolate for #Valentine's Day!
Goodtimes yesterday at the summer jam. Thanks to those that came out. Next stop Bitter end on Tuesday ...
follow back?(:
omg if you don't get those i will.
My boy and I got into it tonight. And I'm glad did. After 4 years I don't think we're speaking to each other until one of us caves.
UPDATE: Car crash on Mass Pike east in Weston. Now a four mile back-up.
Getting ready for my shoot tomorrow:)
lmao u feel me i was like dont make post my number to the world ... And twitter is like .. Yea go fuck urself haha
Usually I tell people in your situation to get laid or hit the bong, but I think you need to get laid AND hit the bong.
#ideachats Make chats convos more engaging and animated. Picture = 1000 words.
Looking forward to dance this morning!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I like that analogy Chris. It is "rec league d" at it's best right now.
Who's excited for the Game of Thrones season 2 premiere tonight?
I'm very good :-) how about you?
lunch or coffee soon? I work downtown now at the post dispatch/stltoday.com. Hope all is well!
Good call.
You ever go into a Greek restaurant and think that's either the best hummus or the worst B.O. I've ever smelled?
HEALTHCARE- A college degree in healthcare insurance in one book. Get yours today and start your healthcare reform www.theprofittrap.com
"Ok : I'm holding the weight of the world on my shoulders. I'm ready to fly, I'm takin high. I got my eye on the prize"
NBC 2012-2013 Primetime Schedule Moves Community To Fridays With Whitney After a flood of renewals and cancellations, we now have our fir
Thank you so much for the vote! We would love to present for
I think better of Bleach than Naruto truth be told. Though I can easily see why people can hate Bleach (After SS arc).
its so hot outside is this really march or June?
THEN, this morning, my CPA called 2 tell me that, I never owed California anything, and they basically just stole Davis' college fund...
sweet like<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Public comment finally over on #FatCityLofts project! CCDC now discussing whether to approve permits and move residential complex forward.
I am good relaxing after a long day. U??? RT
Anyone have any recommendations? ": I'm all for the LA tap festival! Know of any tap studios in LA??"
Is there a good app for dictating voice to text? I may just finish that novel...
Why does every trip to walmart erroneously convince me that im suzy homemaker w/ a beautiful garden & bustling dinner party scene??
so did Dennis Miller, but they are both assholes for denigrating &hating Obama
There have been rumors started by our competitors in which they are fabricating stories about us! I guess we have made it!!!!!!!!
Headed over the Willy B bridge on my way to the East Village. DJing at The Sunburnt Cow from 10-4 No Cover. Funk-Hip Hop-Rock
Reading with an infant is easy (as long as u can do it one-handed). With a 2-yr old, not so much. ;-) good luck!
I'm sure it's just temporary!
Does anyone know if Jesus saw his shadow yesterday?
RT via - #Longshoremen asked #oo for a resolution calling all West Coast ports to close
Thanks for sharing. Mine's been stuck on The Big Bang Theory.
aye ghurl u need a real man?(;
stay warm Las Vegas
On May 1, 1862 The Union army began landing at New Orleans and occupying the city. Read a Southern Girl's Diary account...
Hahah better than pepsi!
oh Tully! Get it!
my life is your dream ;)
S/O Zig Zagg'n on these CROCKS!!!!
Why do my arms hurt so bad this morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
your welcome ^.^
#ketuckyBeliebers to evansville!
we love weird tattoos :)
that's all I can ask. Ha.
#RIPMCA #BeastieBoys I love their music!
you look amazing CAN'T WAIT FOR THE VIDEO SHSJDKA
Feeling much better today so more rest and meds should do the trick
I thought it was going in
just arrived in Caracas and is so excited about this residency with El Sistema for the next two months.
Today's writing tip: People like your unique writing style, not your best imitation of someone else's.
luv u Brit got the new femme fatale tour target edition DVD for Xmas best concert you have ever done 10 out of 5 stars luv u!
Coolin out!! Things on my mind...
At work it sucks. Can't wait to go home.
You want me to feed into your whispers about passionate sex, but truth is a desire for a selfish fuck
Rita Rudner~ I got kicked out of ballet class because I pulled a groin muscle. It wasnt mine.
“: Congratulations to Lisa Custodero this week’s winner of a Joe Flacco autographed photo.” I'd rather win some jail time
Aw! ...and I brought my hubby his cell phone which he forgot at home today. :)
Feeling #fearless? Us, too! We'll be at the Fearless Races on 4/14 and 4/15 at South Shores Park- come visit or participate; 7a-3p & 6a-11a.
RT: singer/songwriter/inventor
I think I'm just naturally vain. Its fun to have that big of a platform! Tho being misunderstood sucks.
Should have could have would have niccas smh<<<<<
Lolz, she would!
need to start packing soon for
come on grossman hawaii 5 o with jack lord never??
Just as long as you let us watch them.
The Blind Side :)
my album just arrived in the mail... OHMYGOSH
i will soon. we have a competition this friday in chicago. :D Brad Taylor will be there! i'll take pictures for you. :)
+1 RT : most heard topic at break? How COLD everyone is. These breakout sessions are freezing!!!
Nice. My fav? A priest, a rabbi, & a minister walk into a bar. The bartender says, "What is this? A joke?"
thanks bud, I appreciate it. I'll definitely teach you the rules before I head out of the states for the summer
At a time when states are reconsidering film incentives, we should not be proposing to expand ours.
Lemichael James is a great pick niners...
don't start, won't be none!
you need to open up the settings on a computer, not from the app.
#moverslongisland working weekdays, weekends, holidays, even on the day the world ends! most reliable service there is!
my bed lol
First Suite by Gustav Holst is absolutely amazing tonight while doing homework :)
6 PM to Close. Half off splits and half bottles!
Oohh, sometimes I get a good feeling, yea. I get a feeling like I never never never had before.(:
I think they are getting mad. Starting to snap back at me.
Love it! Keith, I'm working on a research report & wd love to interview u. If you DM me contact info I'll explain.
Georgetown College Lady Tigers meet Union (Tenn.) tonight 8 in NAIA semi-finals at Frankfort Convention Center
thanks for in cluding the article on
skips all the middle stories and focuses on big conversation pieces and hyperlocal focused stories.
Kickball Time!
Business in the front party in the back
Pizza Hut and Target. A winning combination.
Tonight at 8pm at the Lagond Performance Showcase door charge is only $5. Come on down!
Truffle shuffle!
Trivia: What NHL team roster can not account for any Stanley Cup rings????
I hate this feeling.
There is always, always, always something to be thankful for.
have you been to Acadiana? Great outdoor seating and tomorrow will be nice!
Thanks for the RT this morning!
Kick off your Thirsty Thursday celebration with Beckett’s happy hour from 4-7pm!
Hey, I'ma head to the restroom - you need anything while I'm up?
then I'll leave for work and it won't be my problem anymore! Lol
Or are your tweets by SethMacFarlane? LOL!
that's hot
- tripping is quite likely after drinking all that wine!
nothings... Nevermind, I can't say that in public.
-- we really miss you Amy and Rod!
THank you for the FF! You rock! :)
Are you into touring the ancient sites, cause I have book recommendation if yes.
At Douglas Heubler: Crocodile Tears, a heterogeneous composition of comic strips, plagiarized paintings, photos, and storyboards.
Bout to watch Jeremy Lin go ham!!!
history repeats on that turnover: RT " Burke tempts fate a lot by driving baseline, getting in air, and then looking to pass"
nothing much man whats good
#AHA2012 Make sure to stop by NEH Table this week! Officers: Josh Sternfeld, Joel Wurl, Dan Sack, Jen Serventi in attendance.
Just had a great first meet with the actress I'll be working with. First time reading with her and we clicked. Love when that happens!
Finally, we got a mention of reproduction in the mayor's race.
for the cookies or the company? :)
Sanchez you sonofabitch
We are introducing whisk Reputation with Yelp feedback monitoring, responding and more... Would you be interested?
I saw that one person I always look for today.
Free Webinars www.tdmwebacademy.com ; The best training you can get!
Liquidation as capital is vaporized. Let's not forget the under performing pension funds who are caught here
At the better living show working the booth! Come check it out!
Owing to the chaos of the moment, I cannot say for sure *whose* it was. But I am 95% sure it was not mine.
HMDHIS (Hang my dam head in shame) @ how often ya'll say smh & yolo, its done 2 death, Only Drake can say yolo and his ass is pushin it!! Ha
Morning Tweeties! TGIF have a great day :)
and I presented our Atlanta Historic Maps project at Esri Education User Conference this weekend.
pink eye has gotten the best of me today! back to bed...
Yeah it is.
Tell me. Would you take the 2.99 box of Trojan or a 19.99 bag of diapers. You pick? LOL
follow and please :D x61
nobody gonna slow me down...
... is seriously impressed by some typesetters today. O.o
We're u impressed with his impersonation of a drama queen last night.
We are looking to add another cook to our staff. Please apply in person at the restaurant.
Thinking about how to value introverts in the college admission process. What does self advocacy look like for them?
Conductive charging, wireless sync, bluetooth, why don't we have waterproof phones yet?
MLM Millionaire - Can you still make money in NuSkin? Some have made over $40mil but the comp plan is antique check out the review...
The elders tell of a young ball much like you. He bounced 3 meters in the air, then he bounced 1.8 meters in the air...
I wanna put hands & feet on this bxtch for beatin her child . He was only a lil baby . Shxt don't make sense Bxtch never hurd of condoms????
EVERYONE WATCH CONAN O'BRIAN TONIGHT TO SEE ! America's about to have the sh*t FUNKed out of'em!
I can only hope I'll be cleared to finish my senior year of lacrosse.
I'm trying to get the guys to play dominos like the Spanish people that we are :-P
haha gimmie a great excuse as to y i need a day off the 2nd week i start lmao. i already get sunday off
RT : poultry!! Fruit next ! #heymb RT: #heymb. If u had budget 4 only 1 organic item what would it be?”
haha basically but I think imma redo Sandeul. I barely said anything only like 3 tweets so, imma redo on him on saturday
hey lovely thanks for the follow
A2: Also, let's be honest - gossip spreads fast. There are ways to use gossip (tie in a celeb?) to your advantage.
love it. Art come to the rescue of humanity in tough times.
Your wife tells me we're munching carpet tonight?
dr.v let me know about the htm 531 class, maybe we should meet for coffee (lol) and chat
I'm sorry I won't be in today. I have to rescue my friends and save the world (again).
i hope you all had a good mothers day
Thanks! Also just had great customer service from Larry
R.I.P. Etta James
I hate it when it rains at school. I stay so sleepy.
feel better!
MT : Loved what Double Rainbow Guy said to me at #roflcon: "When you give love, people will give you love back!"
Have the decency to answer a tweet that's in good taste or get unfollowed, no other explaining need be put forth.
left my shoes in Minny
Leatherface's version of "Message in a Bottle?"
Thx to everyone who downloaded our #LMA12 materials. Think I might propose a session on #CI resources for next year. Send any questions!
. and both using real employees in their ads. Doesn't get more authentic than that.
Thanks, Danielle! Super excited about it!!
Did Wallace get hurt?
Miami yesterday was the billboards
lol yess but ur gonna b obsessed with it im.warning ur ..this is way better than fb!!
Johnny’s Pizza is proud to offer GLUTEN FREE crust!
“: Jessica-hell hath no fury like a ginger scorned #TrueBlood #coldgreylight”
i got you!
RT Headed into the gym after a 10 day hiatus... About to get it in!! Or maybe die trying!! >I got 911 on speed dial lol
sex is better when you can control yourself.
New favorite meal for the kids- chocolate chip pancakes w ice cream
The teaser for Looper is so fantastic I don't want to see any more. I'm sold.
earthobservatory.nasa.gov There's an image-of-the-day here from #NASA's earth observatory.
“: Anything from is fine by me!” nice
It's 5 o'clock and it's already dark out. Stupid Wisconsin...
Turning the ac on in my car. what a great feeling
follow me?((:
Paul Nicely as Edgar Allan Poe - with his women: and Abigail Wright!
hey nick :) you need to come to hawaii! show some love for the hawaii iconiacz?
Always telling myself I'm gonna do something then end up not doing it because lazy
The trip to Green Bay tomorrow is in the bag. Note to self: Make the BIG thermos of Costa Rican blend.
Well, I'm going to prom alone now..
hey I was with some rando that wouldn't let me go sorry!
thats what ive benn doing but the numbers keep dropping
thanks for the recommendation! I'm off to sleep off this HUGE meal and long day!
New day, New week, New oportunity....
I think so. People on facebook says last time they've seen me was a month ago. lol twitter and tumblr are such an addictive
Thanks! Been collecting for YEARS. Thought I had the entire collection AND THEN they introduce the territories! *geekily happy*
Chopped up not slopped up.
Loved it!
I dont really hate anybody but I hate her .
AND it has Paul Rudd in it! RT "Saw the movie #Wanderlust last night. Pretty damn funny"
Woohoo! Thank you!
Just started typing my essay that was due on Thursday last week.
mee either! im pretty sure no one finished.
Didn't do anything I was supposed too.
Screen Resolution Alert for Web Developers – StatCounter
safe travels today, see you 2moro - should I bring my upright?
More writers you should follow:
6 days left.
Good morning to all my hustlers and go getters. Make today productive.
I'm most likely going to a Younglife camp in Colorado for "work crew" for a month!!!
um actually email me right naow bifflawson at gmale
sure I'll join.
Candy lounge goin down tonight
I'm in San Francisco but go to LA pretty often (Brentwood/Santa Monica).
And most of them can only *hope* to one day be Megadeth. /cc
Watching at MSG with Pickapart, don't wanna see your face, better than, ocean! Great start!
3 pieces in the fridge.
2day another great sign for UW. wilson played well and gave the #badgers a spark. they'll need him as a the post-season begins
I'm the same way. I don't do well under scrutiny.
awsome i wish some how i could send fan mail to a bunch of celebs
Events for the week of April 22-28
on it now
I'm back... #supportlocalmusic Live on in minutes. Tweet requests. spread the word.
Let us know if you have questinos! RT : I want to do my year abroad at the university of Cincinnati! It looks amazing
AMEN! Are u missing who I think u'r missing?
'I would apologize but i dont realize what im doing wrong'
I know, let's stop using the user feedback address when advertising the sale of floor adhesive! ;p
i CANNOT wait for Austin's new music && i know it'll be amazing <3 -Ally
what if he bought you a drink the day after your birthday and told you how he lost his virginity and laughed at your jokes?
RT Roaches: sure they survive nuclear blasts, but they're no match for my in-sink-erator + hot water + lemon chaser.
Phone lines are open #Indy! Call in to the show now and share what's been on your mind this week. 317-736-0950
OMG I need to stop
DUDE DAVID TIGHT CAME THROUGH
Can't wait to see what you bring us!
Citing Islamic philosophy on this term paper, interesting stuff
R.I.P Miss Duty, Chris, Antwann, & Uncle Marion/Hairy. I miss you all and I love you. You weren't supposed to leave so soon. </3
No special meal offered on my flight home tomorrow?! Uggghhh I guess I'll just stay here then.
Word on the street is there is an OF pop up shop by my casa. What's the verdict?
nope just wish we where buyers and not sellers
I heard you were converting to judaism?
dear future, i bought you. i own the rights.
Working On A New Track With Mr. Young Sophisticatd Himself, Yung Neck, So Look Out For That Track Coming Soon!!!
I love it so much<3 makes me so Happy<3
RT : That Nickleback concert was fantastic!
Yes! Now...how do we motivate the weather...?? ;)
showed your tweet to and she just gagged. Looks like I'm staying in tonight.
Gottcha. Thank you so much for the info!
#YoMomma so crack a lacking that all she does is work!
Can't remember the last time I ate fast food...but jack in the box, we're about to become good friends.
they have butterfly tramp stamps… Coincidence???!? I think not!!!
I have a constitutional right to draw genitals on my forehead. If I do that while giving TV interview for my company, I might get fired.
Elite performers have a striking ability to get stuff done...do you?
Internet weak
Life is too short
RT : I couldn't agree more. It's my mission to have more folks want to claim the title- happiest in the usa!
follow before she commits!30
It will really make your iPhone feel small. LOL!!
love taco Tuesdays
Do u need graphic designs--> logos ,banners, flyers-> cheap prices 281.860.2877
When I notice women on the street I follow the 3-second rule, I don't spend more than three seconds taking a photo with my iPhone.
#FF Check out these great supporters of ROCK!
check out our graphic tees Txttlktees.com-let us know what you think.
I'll hold you to that...
Thanks, enjoy your day! RT : I just serviced car at and my, was i impressed! Im servicing my car nowhere else!
I'm on the team.
Flight back was a MASH unit: 8 wheelchairs, 1 breathing apparatus, 1 neck brace, 1 set of crutches, and my arm cast.
Trying to get 600 followers! Anyone wanna help?! Please :D
: Twitter: Where you go to exercise your phalanges’
We took one from the superstar softball team tonight. Beat them defensively, which frustrated them and kept the gas on offensively.
damn so many adventures to uncover on #Alcatraz it's a shame we won't be able to. It was a good show.
The hand bone's connected to the wrist bone, the wrist bone's connected to the arm bone...This illustrates a key environmental concept,too.
S.I.N. Night Special - $10.00 Slider, Hot Dog, Fries AND a beer! Kitchen open until 1 am.
#hosanna to the son of David, the son of Mary and Joseph, the only begotten Son of God -> Jesus Christ <-
"Just because you're religious, doesn't mean you've been set free" - Pastor Ricky Paige, Freedom Project
form sapped by too many miss universe contestants?
Do try that recipe. It's crazy-good!
On deadline this wk. If U send me a pitch, I will prob'ly miss it...anyway, early-bird Mon emails always get lost in the deluge. Just sayin
haha love the hash tag!
RT : ha always had a thing for hot cartoon girls
your the money man its in your name
ready 4 Xmas?
Late to the convo but just had a great bottle of 09 Pinot from Bought a bottle of '10 for my wife for Valentine's
who's holding the gun? will catch up on the Voice after the Bachelor. yes, that's right, watching the Bachelor.
"Stay hungry, stay foolish."
u so stupid!!!
Home from the #reasonrally. A bit over 14 hours from hotel in DC to home. Very glad to have gone, but also glad that drive is done.
Then why u listening.
Your not your own worst enemy!!! Not even close!!!! U like urself!!
Is there a way to crop austin out, I want it to just be me and my baby cullen.
People use it. Heavily. RT : RT : You can stop making infographics about social media now. We're good for a while.
gettin off of here if anyone one wants to talk text me
"it is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place.”
Thought for the Day: "Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement." -Henry Ford
I think collaboration requires engagement and interaction, while following can be done quietly.
you're a true professional... you shall be named
At night im alone with my thoughts.
Staying up all night because of a project...
A big problem ahead RT : NFL Gen Cnsl says intellectual property issues w patent trolls becoming more prevalent.
looking forward to to the drive tomorrow to be on NBC and Alabama Live in Montgomery Alabama at 11am.
Land of assumptions.
lmao he already said he would. But I'm scared he will see me and be like ew so yeahh. But fine I'm done, gosh.
It's the last day to see #AFT! Are we going to see you there tonight?
true Jamaican breakfast. I never got my tea though
#ItsFunnyHow you respond when i haven't said a thing in three days.
Cool, what are you presenting on?
It sucks when you are really really sick and can not enjoy a Great cup of coffee!
join us all at our famous tailgate party #power #pahr hosted by
Closing for the night. We'll see y'all tomorrow!
Working with big business can be risky (BP), but helping to change their behavior can be helpful for conservation
is quality music, sleepytime or not!
I wish I saved all the tears I ever cried for you, So I could f*cking drown you in them
Maybe that's the problem... “: USA and Kazakhstan are tied 1-1 after two periods. This is not what the Americans had in mind”
Beer, Bites, and Brushes! Lush Confection's first stop for Tampa Beer Week! Cheers.
Chocolate milk & netflix , chill Friday night (:
I set you guys an email
I cracked up when i Looked on my desk last night!
parked at the corner of 10th and Wells.
He broke that dudes nose
Good morning, luvs!!!
The plant is not trying to make a statement except to probably tell me to water him.
I'm saying it for your sake, you retard.
RT : Eating before #foodiechat yummy milkshake!
It's hot as Hell in my apartment.
Cycle of poverty: Effects of poverty slows learning in most, Learning slower = failure = push out = no HS diploma = poverty 4 ever
happy 16th birthday!:) I love you & I hope you see this!:)
We're gearing up for Mothers Day & our Community Baby Shower this weekend. What's the most important thing you learned from your mother?
Get great deals at many bars in DT with your California VIP Card! Doesnt expire till Dec. Call today to get yours for only $25 619.226.1121
4 more hours until i'm outta here!!!!!
Love it! A Maslow Level 1 Hat Trick it is! RT : Maslows 1st level hat trick
GAME ON
Don't lol
Looks like Bosh will miss the remainder of the Heat/Pacers series... #HeatGang ???
Hey , lemme get them game winnin' shoes. I still don't have no shoes from da fawr!
I don't wanna work.... At least I'll be at Dave and Busters later tonight for the weeklies! Hopefully stream hiccups will be gone this time
nope. was yellow so asked for more #bourbon - drink was still light. Waiter was adamant when bill came. Yikes.
Why do you say that?
“: Ah” what's with all the yelling? Ha
Yawn...another technical award for "Hugo"...doesn't look good for Scorcese.
Laying in bed with my dog<U+2764>
"A best friend is like a Four Leaf Clover, Hard to find and Lucky to have."
Need to lose twenty pounds
sounds like a plugin that is hanging somewhere in the code
its a tweet love lol
haha that's why I use free OnDemand pilates
Better Janet than Michael!
True. I hope you mention me out there.
one wish when I'm deceased... bury me in my diamond supply & sb's...
As a grad student from UTPA I thank you for the follow.
Can't divulge too many details right now, but y'all are gonna be hearing LOTS of music from me this year! Stay tuned....
yes, it's all about the presentation!
I was looking for you this morning!
Remember and use #cltOscarwinner for your answers on best picture for a FREE #cltbuzz tshirt
Ryan Gosling let Magic Johnson go bareback on him so he wouldn't feel so "Aidsy"
Awesome! RT : Absolutely love beautiful days like these in good ole #RVA. Going to the park for the 2nd time today w/ my nephew!
awesome! So glad it went well :)
Partying Alcohol and Sex last nite... Yea pretty much rounds up my weekend
Thanks for the the extra ticket! is excited for the tonight!
Me: "Vinnie Chulk! (Going to lose this game for sure)." : "HE GOT KERRY WOOD OUT DOE."
are you going?
Gosh! It's the same one I started with. Am I drunk?
#Apple is raking in the money. Mid-day Wednesday the store is packed and there's a dedicated line just to buy iPads.
my phone changed the word cause I spelled it wrong typing it lol
they have buckets of cashews the size of your head. Who eats that many cashews?
Play hard work hard play hard work hard
Looking for a Account/Project Manager to join the growing Cinecraft team...
Had no idea the dad from 'Step by Step' coached the Phoenix Coyotes.
It was great meeting you. I enjoyed the Tweet Up.
#ThingsStalkersDo Still your panties
Welcome to Twitter glad you joined the madness.
Pssst... Our followers/friends will get exclusive info and chances to win tickets for our grand opening celebration in May. Pass it on!
early bird gets the worm #JaFeel ? Lol
I totally suck at being a karate mom. Sweep the leg? I can't even tie the belt correctly.
For those who suffer from Pac-Man Fever, we pray.
my Friday the 13th sucked. rip grandpa. I love you<3
I want to hear "Young Homie" by on #mrchrisrene. Pls play it :)
follow me back,, can u plz share my page i need followers
We need to trend something for the guys!
you've done plenty!
Berry's M.O. “: Having fun & misbehaving as always! :) #Motorama”
Yes #PTSD from any source in a parent effects the children, those who are verbally, physically or sexually abused esp.
has me winning 2013 Democratic Mayoral Primary v. Wagner, Lamb & Peduto and my approval rating has skyrocketed to 24%!
thinking and writing about the arts at www.susanefine.com; sneak peek: the arts are what will sustain us.
Not a good week for Spanish sides in the Champions League. Maybe they'll have more luck in the Europa League
Rickie Weeks is there!
Since there's so much Larry stylinson stuff on twitter I'm surprised they don't just come out so everyone can be like "I KNEW THEY WERE FAGS
constant sifting, sorting, buffeting and standing in the way of - it's hard
Everyone go follow
Love seeing future #Badgers make Kohl Center memories. Right and ?
I can never stay mad at you. I always end up forgiving you even though you don't deserve it.
Spoiler alert, The Avengers is even stupider than Star Wars. Not that I've seen either.
United Checker Cab is now following me. Do they think I shouldn't be driving myself home?
Wait so how is only an hour and a half to evansville for you but i live in louisville and it's 2? lol
seriously! So terrible !
#WhenAustin wears his superman shirt. <3
Just try to restrain yourself til the weekend !
I keep meaning to pick that up. I'll have to add it to the to-read pile.
Sucks that my two othermean girls left & hate me. Lol who will be mean with me?
please... tell me more.
i love my mommy for bringing me food
that sounds like a plan...always a good choice
Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez can u please please please please please please please please please please FOLLOW ME!!!!!!!:)
this is unfortunate...
#DYK Marbling: The specks of fat (intramuscular fat) distributed in muscular tissue.
*wipes away tear* You raised that young man right.
The joys of our profession. It is the same everywhere it seems. Do I have the pleasure of knowing your esteemed colleague?
#Trivia Q: AMC's new series #ThePitch premieres on Monday. How is #SUBWAY involved? Correct answers 1, 3 and 5 win gift cards!
Hi,,Is Wales going to leave UK, like Scotland,don't get much Welsh news here,thanks Bob
Thanks for the support! RT : new hat. delicious food. Love supporting locals.
I'll be out In a minute
- We'll miss you too!! Come visit soon!
What's the over/under that Red Sox Manager Bobby Valentine doesn't make it to the All Star Break?
NBA defending champs Dallas Mavs 1st team out of playoffs in 4-0 sweep to OKL Thunder.
Time for bed. I have a festival to work in the morning.
Matta strikes me like Cal does everyone else. He came out of nowhere and gets these top recruits. Like Self at KU.
why not Paul?
Im glad the debt ceiling got passed so the Tea Partiers don't miss their Civil War Re-Enactments
Got me cracking upp... They silly.
RT : Time on app and sessions per day are key for app engagement.
He actually made one haha
she's the best huh?=]
Anyone ever make it through an MFA program without suffering some sort of brain implosion? Tell me your secrets!
I'm actually going to cry right now.
If you invested in Citi Group at a 99 cent sale today you are a happy camper
Thanks Elise for the Panera tomato soup. :D
haha. what are we doing this weekend?
If I made cookies we could just look at them..I am worlds worst cook
City of Promise reception at Venable- nice showing of folks.
Its Tuesday! Make Oz apart of your weekly lunch by trying our Mongolian Beef for $8.50 or Spicy Ginger Shrimp for $9.50!
Who's ready for what happens Friday morning when that bell sounds off
Get it Knox
Damn. That's a lot of boxes. Go you!
You aren't very picky if you hang out with me.
Today's Twitter Tuesday Deal @ PFP is 20% off CBK Vanilla Frosting Mix! Use coupon code: CBKVanillaFrostMix20off Today Only/While they last
It's a beautiful day
I wish Google would release an API for Play Music so other apps/sites could use it. It would be wonderful.
Take it to Express Lube. We'll change the oil, adjust your tire pressure, and vacuum the interior of your vehicle.
When you see crazy coming cross the street....
Just came back from Narnia with my bff :)
thanks for the follow. please tweet your funny thoughts and observations :) xo
A big hello to our new followers! We've got some FANTASTIC events coming up so don't move a muscle. You don't want to miss the announcements
FB will be #Facebook 's stock ticker symbol when it becomes public. FACE was already taken by a cosmetics company
Live for the now and whats here. Stop living for what may be or what may never come. Live for the day already here.<3
I can't even comment on this article.
hope you get it all complete before the rain; at least I had awesome weather to enjoy, but my hands hurt today.
good call on pick of songs! Stuff everyone could like.
Okay, any time after like 7PM YOUR TIME I'm good.
It takes more than 140 characters, so I'll tell u at the ACS happy hour next Fri.
I guess it might seem like I had a strange day if you go back and read my past 5 tweets...
will murder RT : #Kings and #Coyotes tied at 1 after 2 periods. I called 5 OTs earlier and I'm not backing off of it.
Adding a SoCal MLS real estate feed to a property management companies Facebook Fan page.
With no closer the Yankees season is done. Get better Mariano Rivera
Good answers on our Twitter Poll (Please RT!) - Whats the last professional sporting event you attended? NBA, NFL, MLB or NHL?
Scared the absolute shit out of and Bianca after watching insidious. Night made.
Fuck sex without head
To be brutally honest, we have suffered bigtime since Robert Gibbs left the West Wing. Jay doesn't know how to lie nearly as well as Bobby.
1080 is really slipping
The tournament is always fun. I'm watching earlier than I usually do.
“: If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over? -John Wooden”
#Philles radio said the team called Bryan LaHair for his input on Ryne prior to hiring him for A. Hope they asked #Cubs first.
"girls directioners hearts"? wow, classy.
Just joined twitter!
I still can't listen to the song badfish.. Thanks for that !
very interesting! retweet!!
I even take pics of myself crying hahahahahahha
Join Our Musical Town, UNCG Music Education students, for a variety of musical activities and adventures TODAY at 3pm!
What's everyone wearing on carmagedon?
I hate the oscars what a waste of time...time to hit the bed
I ran out of printer ink when trying2print the volunter application for the Make a wish foundation(cstx.wish.org),bad time2run out of ink.
saw your video wit n loved it u hav to do another
Last full day here in Jamaica... It's been full days of powerful ministry! Please keep us in prayer for our last meeting tonight.
“: I really don't know how to handle all of these white women.” If I had a nickel...
Paid, social, community grass roots...we could've done nothing and we still would've hit a home run -
Hahahahahhaa I'm prob failing math<U+E337><U+E421>
oh i TOTALLY agree with that. my mom openly told me "i really hate you...only love you because i HAVE to."
Apparently I need to come to Canada and eat Butter Chicken, Poutine, and maple bacon doughnuts.
Good pitch.
Here we go #Bills, 2 big picks here.
Retweeted a lot...
Couldn't agree more, coach. Learned about him through a Traveler's Insurance commercial and been digging him since.
Yay...I'm tired and angry and have a headache. WHAT TO DO NOW.....hur. I'm going to draw...
ready to buy this plane ticket to L.A.! Super excited!
how you been homie
Online registration has reopened, there are only a few spaces left. Once we hit 70, we're closed.
martial arts does help w discipline & focus. That had to be scary. Shudders.
Pre-Valentine Speed Dating Event!! Try a new approach to dating.Register online today only pay $15..www.tri-statespeeddating.com
so, how was the massage?? are you more relaxed than you've ever been in your LIFE? ;)
Free throws are not free.
pretty solid week. The Boston girl is a Terrible person
Exact Match Keywords Coming to Google AdWords - Search Engine Marketing (blog)
At Wall Street...
tweet": The Win! They now have a 3-0 lead on the in the Western Conference Finals! #GoKingsGo!"
add men facebook yall
haha this is truee. Im going half with my mom(:
Hello AMC Do you still have AMC independent?
so I think Rachael has to work Saturday! :( but me and Sarah will be there. ((:
Think I am sick. O.o
RT : encouraging Dizzy's audience 2 support live jazz in NYC:
BUT IT'S SO GOOD!
"Beastie Boys" rapper has died. R.I.P. MCA
Sent you a DM
Just hit you back!
The voices of Ben Gazzara & Sam Elliott in the movie Roadhouse inspire me. Not to mention the soundtrack rox!
Join TONIGHT for our member appreciation event 5:30pm. A $10 donation can help elect a #proCONSERVATIONsenate!
Game of Thrones time
I don't get why your happy
that was a great MacGyver vid you posted! I used to work with Ted Kraig. Great guy!
haven't seen em but I am SURE they are! #teamnickneedsanewwoman !
Tell someone today one thing about them or one shared experience you'll always remember!
I had 2 change my freakin costume @ the last freakin minute, how freakin sucky is that!? Freakin cool what I'm freakin wearing now tho. ;)
"'We could all learn from crayons: Some are sharp, they are all different colors, but they all have to learn to live in the same box."
go play a coffee house for several nights Use a music stand if you have to until you have them memorized--easier than at home :)
well I'm here in Chicago for a little weekend getaway , my bday monday I'm so excited aha
I really enjoyed that book. Let me know what you think when you're finished
I'm calling that one "the torture episode".
One must fight for a life of action, not reaction
Folks kept telling me last night that they knew they'd see me even though it was terribly unlikely. I got my annual dance out of my system.
unfollowing you for the draft you're ruining my excitement
I assumed it was female-to-male so hard that I couldn't even understand your tweet for a min.
Anyone able to recommend a reasonably-priced laptop, mostly for writing so it doesn't need a behemoth hard drive.
ahh ok me too I love DC and christopher Nolan but avengers doesn't look bad haha but dkr will definitely be better :D
Kudos to you, No. 1 Diehard Fan!
I am flying today...Thanks Vice Pres for making me a lil paranoid...Kidding I am sure I will be fine...Happiness is a swine flu free flight!
thank you! We'd love z feature :)
What's up with the rain #Cali?!? All bad...
Steve Walker, OFA Southern Region Director, now speaking to the !
Get home from work and see an hr. old FB posting from nephewinlaw saying baby is on his way :-) ..Two weeks early.
Happy #hump day!!
Trying to attack prog. tax system by labeling it "redistribution" poor argument. Even flat tax would be redistributive.
haha living here too, life's just going by and I'm going through it haha
Can't no dude run game on me that's a PROMISE !!
Tell us about "The Things We Cherished."
Running like a ninja to catch the bus and once you get on everyone is staring at you X[
yup...Ronaldo another player he likes. And Kaka.
Just chillin a little this a.m. Fantastic response from those attending Emotional Eating Elimination class, last night.
We might stack up our spare cash from our cap space and use it as a tackle.
with ant student section creativity, that kid was so rattleable
Buying a Digital TV Recorder |
: Grilling quail with charmoula
you have an adorable nose...
We need a big hit Tex
He calls himself Metta World Peace, but he's still Ron Artest.
On Skype With :]
S/O to MeanMugMusic! Am I right?
is Nick Brown's new profile. Just thought I'd let ya know, he's a pretty cool guy from what I hear =P
Flawless inspection from the health department! Nice work everyone!
#spotifylove and love. :) RT just found you on Spotify :) YES
I am a lifelong Democrat! You couldn't pay me ENOUGH to vote for Romney!!!!!
Looks Gorgeous In Her Twitcon (:
“: Stand4Change at 11am. Stand up in silence. Anti bullying campaign!”. You were far from a bully Blossom!
Just hit up the very classy Two Buck bar in Kimberly.
They say people with a sense of humor have a better sense of life ;)
ps need help w/ lighting? We just got a dope ass flag kit
Free coffee at Caribou Coffee tomorrow for Earth Day.
Thanks Miss Mollie! Hope you grabbed one of our #OaklandsTight albums or t-shirts.
are you referring to the ear plugs?
"Don't open a shop unless you like to smile."
.: in Private Bodies, Public Texts, returns to call to be attentive, not only of, but in, our words
Peter Shankman: If you want something never had before do something you've never done before
Chillin with my son & nephews & man the convo these lil adults 5-7yrs old have is funny but I can't laugh in their face..
Adrianne_JW: Definitely! -- RT : ChrisVestal: BTW is 140 characters really the best way to discuss the alignment project? #sl ...
Ok I'm having a Skype call tonight with people who wanna help me with the contest so DM me your Skype and I'll add you:)
Zimmerman finally bout to get sentenced
like what?:-)
why is Aaron Rodgers getting no love for MVP
Anywhere else it's,"I got 99 problems but a ***** ent one". Where i stay it's," I Got 99 Problems But A Witch ent one".
Thank you everyone! :-)
Done with all my exams
Today we celebrate a man who not only discovered America, but also directed Mrs Doubtfire and Home Alone.
anyways we're only human so yeah hahah
well, they had trouble finding it in the first place, as it was three sizes too small.
The fiction of "final outputs"
Yeah, he's getting an ego. Glad you're doing well. lost his head, so he has to undergo dino surgery (superglue)
- #7MZ6: Gave some groovy tips on how to get an "Off-Duty" NYC cab to stop!
sure, whatever you say <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Sounds like a good idea to me.
We know one fam that's doin it right manana
Now we can stop suffering through these painful stories!
home still
2 chainz is a walking dread lock
Well, the power is out at work. Time to get some coffee.
Holy cow. Ashton kutcher is no George Straight. ACMs
"unending" would certainly be the word.
When my supervisor takes vacation it's like we ALL get a vacation.
the only answer is to gain weight yourself
The moment where you see someone sexy on the trolley & they get off. -.-
"Coloring" > Chemistry HW
Yes sir!!! That's why I always wore that number and where Trey got his name!!
I have been looking everywhere for a WSU or USA track jersey to rock in support of you this summer but cant find one...
Broke the curse!
Excited about my upcoming appearance!
Thinking if I Should Call Him or Not...
I've missed you so much! Can't wait for you to come stay with me ^.^
great sir
I'm still really afraid to see Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close. Terrified. May never watch it.
I swear...sometimez I TRuLY believe that if I could like bitchez I would... Dudez will make You feel some kinda way...
Omw to Nashville!!!
Finished some dope disco funk yesterday with on to the next one :-)
#InstantTurnOn if you like My Chemical Romance
he's not really what I'm looking for
Looking for promoters to add to our staff. If your a social, outgoing person please get in contact with us, and see what it takes.
OK, I guess I should check my @ messages more often! Thanks! That's one of the rows back in the stacks.
In 2002 gave the city of San Diego an award rating it as one "of the top ten cities to cycle in." Wonder what the criteria was
just landed in Chicago
Eh, it's okay.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen thinks his 6 followers actually care
Game 5 of the brewers series about to kick off. Very nervous about this one.
welcome back to Omaha!! Hopefully I'll run into you next time I'm at Capitol :)
The Bucks continue to shoot and.... miss
i wasnt there either, im gonna go tomorrow bc of my game
Those who say that NE cheatin wasn't a big deal is a fool. U can't successfully change all your sideline signals at half
You may be right. I may be crazy. But it Just might be a lunatic you're looking for.
I am, that was sarcasm!
RT: I love sleeping next to you every night and I love checking on you first thing in the morning. iPhone, I love you.
#thatawkwardmoment when somebody tweets something they saw on someone else's profile and try to act like they said it.
Someone come see Avengers with me tomorrow! That and the Dark Knight Rises are on my summer movie list.
#umpiring later tonight!
playing cludeo. thinking of y'all :)
Wanna hear a secret? Oh wait.. I Love You and thats no secret!!<3
Loving the #HungerGames. Best way to stay occupied while everyone's on spring break
Survived my first Zumba class.
Just played Alex and Samara's birthday party and now we're shopping like tough guys
We'll have three employees there running! Fingers crossed the severe weather will STAY AWAY!
Thanks for the mention Monster Steven! MyFlik.com would like to interview you about your award winning animated films.
Thanks for the plug!
Go Follow My Bro
followed, follow back?(:
Climategate... ever heard of it, oh wait they didn't make a movie about that yet.
good idea and will do!
Thanks for following and @ TFriends2034
Super didn't realize rosslyn station was closed. Cabbing it to the retreat.
: why do you not embrace
I think I'm going to take it in the summer !
"They" keep talking about manufacturing in the US, yet it only makes up 9% of our economy.
DKR by a bunch.
you'd be fortunate, even, if that happened.
Where do you think the Rockies will finish in the NL West this season?
Second row at graduation. Walking with EVERYBODY IS ABOUT TO SEE MY JUNK. YEAH NIGGA!!!
dead is still dead. The world (and YOU) have a biased disgusting double standard. You are ok with murdering innocents - shameonu
Hard at work planning our days for SXSW! Planning a showcase? Throwing a party? Hit us up - we want in!
Tonight at Swayze's Venue with ASTRO JONES, and THE KING IN YELLOW - Show at 7pm, All Ages.
Good Morning Everyone!
Love that is talking abt internal process & change management. Huge but often unspoken topic for
@ yvette, this time she tweeted damask cheek dampened
only the flying kind.
I can never fall asleep anymore :/ #isthatnormal ?
Hey. Hey. It may take a while but you shouldn't give up. If that's what you want to do, you should do it.
school tomorrow (: good night guys!
You might also take a look at the novel "B Sides and Broken Hearts" by Caryn Rose, kind of a '90s band girl-fan thing.
Not meant to be negative. Thought the effort was short-sighted. I want to elevate the conversation and find ways to be inclusive.
Bddaa Drink Another Ensure
Im thinking of asking for my co pay back.
Marketing,Engineering,video,Mixing & Mastering production will bankrupt you and 95% of the time u dont get back what you invested.
House of pies with
At barwest in Sac watching NCAA finals and just walked in with the Suns.
"It makes me want to study harder. To do what I want to do, I need to be an example. " -Madonna U student after becoming engaged in CPV/LCAN
Have u ever thought when u judge a book by its cover it may not be what it seems if u take the time to read it u may like it
<==I would love to take my mom. She has been a great support and we haven't vacationed together in years!
All 3 books of the Hunger Games... CHECK... Spoiler alert. EVERYONE DIES! ..... (just playin) but seriously, everyone dies.
My monogram necklace came this week. I have been so stoked...but I think I'm allergic to it.
Thanks for a great show last night. Thanks to Annie's Puppy! LOL
Locally nonprofits generate $6 billion in business activity (sales, shipments, receipts, revenue, other business)! Ask me how your business…
"I miss you more" texts >
Is used to mean Harris, Dawkins, Dennett, late Hitchens & any w similar ideas, esp opposing privilege for religious opinions.
tht might be the dumbest thing anyone has said all night
it means right ear
IS IT MY IMAGINATION OR ARE BAGELS GETTING BIGGER
I'm thinking of training for a 5k. Would be my first. I know you're a runner & wondered if there r races memorial day weekend.
Thanks enjoying my cocktail!
I hate you both. Lol
I should go to work.
Very cool. I was just glad the Hollywood people did something nice, for once. Sad we won't make the family cruise.
You are very welcome! I'm looking forward to visiting your cart soon!!!
No rims at Medfield Rec, street view lied.
Damn my phone been dry for a while now. Fuck all y'all.
Us too Darren!
sorry - diff David!
"you're a sweet sensitive girl who doesn't like being mad."
oh, there are headphones in my office on my desk if you need to borrow some...
A moment of pure madness in the ManC-QPR game
Today has been a day full of everything.
Genuinely disappointed to miss on stage and I wish all at #LWS a great week! is the man!
blah blah blah and my chicken was rolling lol. I don't be thinking bout everybody I just remember who in my house lol
Go dig a hole
I got you frank. All love of Cleveland.
Going to six flags tomorrow ! ; D
In the market for a beautiful property, Stop by and see one of our many Open Houses this weekend #Maryonthesquare #Philadelphia Real Estate
Happy International Women's Day!
is killing it in the studio right now!
How is it that everytime you hug me, I miss you even more than I did before....
I will once I find my actual camera
Continually amazed at all the different forms that mental illness takes.
Ok, off to watch a bit of the crazy box (as gram used to call it). Night all!
Valid critique? RT : "Your waterfalls are too wet." --Yosemite visitor
Welcome to Chwitter!!!
You think?;)
very fitting stat for your profile photo ;-)
Great day 1 #jdcdc pulling elementary school performance data from PDFs
yeah your not following anyone
RT Will accreditation for higher ed be changing forever? Check out NACIQI & CHEA draft report on its role--being discussed
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we're through with it.
Totally not what I meant. YOU just took it to a whole other level. So I obvs went with it.
. interesting article on #greenIT. Tortise v. Hare. Slow & steady wins
Did someone just say " I'm saved from the waste up"......
I wouldn't know how to act!
lipton pomegranate blueberry iced tea, you are my new morning friend -
Nick Young has that Ray Charles thing goin on
On the road to find out
kiss me c:
hahha okay! thank you so much though for trying to get it done (:
RT : Over next 3 years, #OaklandCounty will add nearly 34,000 job, mostly high paying jobs
whats that mean?
are you at Dave's
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
COME JOIN US 2night for the viewing of BET HIP HOP Awards...
what movie did you watch?? I'm looking for one to throw on & can't decide lol ...
haha that's smart :)
RT : is the new Pete Campbell.
Work time then time when I get home (:
well I guess you'll be doing Monday in the hallway... ;) and it was quite awkward, it was the one girlfriend who doesn't like me...
Time to watch the !!
Too lazy to actually tweet what's on my mind so I'm RT'ing like a mofo. Lol, oh well.
I will pay the bill of lading in beer or appetizers, your choice. Cc:
I work, but he will be there. I expect a full recap
Thank you so much!
I need to follow my heart.. or whatever that is throbbing so loudly..
Are you smarter than ur #email prog? I sent a msg & mentioned an attachment but int didn't incld. Before sending, my prgram asked for it.
Let the music scheduling continue...
I'm confused. What does competing in your sport have to do w/ Seau?
better than its been in months! Thank you! Things are lookin up! Working on getting published!
What's the better excuse for blowing off work today: "Hey, we beat the Steelers!" or "Kim K is my ride, but she bailed on that, too."
Subienkow caught Yakaga grinning at him
1st sign a vendor UR trying to use is questionable: Person that answers phone can barely pronounce own comp name and no salesppl are avail.
Colt had all of two hours to celebrate the T-Richardson marriage. McCoy's likely bridesmaid material w Brandon Weeden in the mix.
let's go sobbing!
Thanks for the mention and #FF! Happy Friday Colorado!
you know I'm here for ya missy
Wow, that's 400!
ohmygosh! so nice. thank you.
How do you get people to engage with your brand? Just ask questions! (via )
Good night all
The MOMS Sale is coming up on August 14 - what is the most expensive thing you are selling, or wanting to buy?
Newarks Cami Anderson says None of us got in #edreform game 2 create individual islands of achievement. We need 2 reach all kids
Yogis of the himileghias
Awesome, what kind of car was it?
I want Metta World Peace to elbow James Harden again...I'm all for dirty play, makes things interesting and plus I don't like OKC
I wish i could freestyle. I'd be doing that shit all the time.
you're the best in the world xP
v #NewEngland & men's qualifying today.
i swear i fall down these stairs every day
Never give up ! On what You believe in !!
CH Energy And Fortis File Joint Petition Requesting Regulatory Review For Merger
A lot of fouls not being called.
didnt have too dats my baby team too so ima marry ray allen lmmfao
Country music always makes me cry <|3
Are we nearly there yet?
I think I'll be hooking up my SNES and 64 later this week, and then go to play n trade and see if there are any games I can buy.
SOUNDS GOOD DAWWWWWG ALL CAPS DAWWWG
Great Bio! Are you working the game Sunday?
and this proves exactly what?? His music is still a disgrace for the age we live in ...all that was just for show
live in the country? There is nothing better ...
INDEED,Babe! KNOWLEDGE bcomes WISDOM in due time. ;-) 1 should ALWAYS b able 2 answer d question " IS THAT U UNDER THAT SKIN?"
Your the reason i hate everything.
Ain't that the truth.
Why did I tell kristen I'd do this paper for her lol. Haven't evn started on my e40 article yet and its 2am. Yay
Too bad Santorum really is a hypocrite and never voted as a conservative with any consistency...but someone must stop Romney.
aw, yeah they changed the minneapolis venue 3 times because it was selling out so fast :/
Is making jokes to yourself a sign of schizophrenia? A very close friend wants to know...
The flood of memories that poured over me when I found my Skype pics... Lawd.
Done taking a shower, time to eat dinner.
ouch! It sounds like some bad hops in the infield.
nothing is impossible
yes i do
As we always say: What happens at Key's Foshay stays at Key's Foshay.
you rooting for LA?
TEam FolloW BAck Now
SAW YOUR NEW MOVIE. THE VOW. Love it cried like a little girl lol.
thanks lovely.
Lol, I'm ashamed that I knew where you were from that lil pic... SMH
RT : There is someone who looks after us, from behind the curtain. In truth we are not here. This is our shadow--Rumi
just you. Lol
Beautiful My Dirty Rich
4" of SNOW! in SPRING!
spent several hours writing some new stuff in the vein of drop C ambient. leveraging my Axe FX II to the fullest.
Please welcome ForexPicks to the Max life
How did you enjoy the sound cloud tunes?
All I got is a dollar and a dream ... Are you gonna ride with me ?
There's way more ppl who want it than ppl who have it.
i just love u so much you like a brother!!!
Foundation Rentals Sneak Preview: new home for rent in Larkspur with Kentfield schools coming soon! www.65francesave.com
Is waiting for the bus... how do people in los ángeles manage with this system?
Can I say late night early morning.... Today? I just slept an hr and wide awake!!!! O_o
seriously..i'm seriously gonna break the record for most uses of the word #seriously on twitter...seriously. seriously ? yea seriously.
Congrats! RT : Confessions of the World's Worst Missionary was selected for the San Francisco Fringe Festival this September!
how can you postulate theories like that without the proper training? everything else you&#39;ve said has been wrong and you still thin…
Cheddar Bacon Ramen Noodles? ... Surprisingly good. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
"we don't manage books anymore. We manage people." from social worker pres.
Stop at Constellation and Ave of the stars. Under BHHS.
15 hour day, amazing, dedicated, hard working cast and crew. First music video wrapped. Could not be more pleased!
Let me update my TL I feel like I haven't been on Twitter in ages!!!
Grindin on each ohter in quinces practice haha:D instead of practicin for my sisters quinces!!!
I can't wait to get back to the house.. I'm missing the highlight of most of my days.
Fun garden day - two of five new gardens got recycled beds. Lots of friends made - energy and excitement for growing food!
#nowplaying Gemini bluee.. Love days off.. gettin pumped for Pure tonight
She does whatever she can to piss me off.... Whatever
I've changed & I hate it
haha how did this happen
dude call me. I will be at my place at 830ish. We should meet there
Heading to Pasadena CA in a few mins for a sales meeting that's taking place tomorrow! Traveling on the company,
Pineapples and strawberries >>>>
#imagine Zayn taking his fingers and running them up and down your spine, and you get chills. Zayn: you like that babe? You kiss him.
im doing this one for me...not you..
No. It's 8 o' clock.
Wow how rare is that i thought that was earthquake country now so cal got tornados shit hop ppl in moble homes run lol
Good Morning TweetiePies! It's Monday and there is lots happening this morning in this here land of the free - ALREADY! Some fun stuff too!
#10thingsaboutmyself 2. I have an older brother <U+E001> and younger sister. <U+E002>
100 imma have to come down south see what y'all working with.
Yes, even though we do have our problems, I am very grateful to have the freedoms I have as a woman in this country!
Ohh. I like your tattoos. They aren't predictable at all.
Clippers head into the half down by 4, which is like a 10-point lead considering how they've played.
IS THIS REAL LIFE?!
This first lady is a trip
And 88 wants WR pay. Good luck to him. RT : it's been Gronk and Vernon Davis who have taken over the tight end position this year
jjust finished watching up, now melrose place is on.
#Romney waiting to have final speech. He's like the fat kid that needs the last piece of cake.
Let's go Indy!!!! Eat Gang Green tonight :)
what about deep-fried frosting?
I need more followers in order to follow more of you, go ahead and follow me, it won't hurt a bit.
omg. I love this.
RT : If you have been hurt in an accident or a deliberate action, and are considering filing a personal injury......
McDonalds! They have #Victorious toys there now!<U+E022>
I buy shoes like a drug attick buys drugs
Oh.. Did you buy the Janoski wingtips ?
this would be GREAT since with long sheets the emails appear jumbled up in the email notifications
why start a skype conversation with me, ask a bunch of questions and then log out? irritating. learn which tech to use for which convo!
"Bright Light In Winter" LPs and CDs now in stock at Laurie's Planet Of Sound in Chicago
“ #Autism deserves the same respect as Downs & Retardation, etc. The Rain Man jokes are NOT OK!
Jason Feinberg: "Data can give us answers but it can not ask the right questions." #NARM2012 Town Hall.
I was your 4,000th Tweet!? Well, thank you! And I'd like to say this could never be possible without Buenos Aires, and NYC.
Branch really looks the part. Like his intensity. Not as quick off the ball. Thompson has made some big time plays vs run.
on its way! thanks!
I ain't one to judge I'm just saying.
just saw the hunger games!!! AH BEST MOVIE EVER!! (: <3
I'm responsible for what I say. I'm not responsible for what you understand.
Are you looking for unsigned artists still?
This could be a great day for the Mojito... It is summer in a glass!
Been watching The Big Lebowski or The Three Stooges? Could be either. RT My 4yo just said "coitus," so there's that.
Andrew Potter, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
God bless the St. Louis Cardinals!!!
Gee really has improved thru the course of the season.
Also "just kinda weird" guy hatin' on others 4 being "hostile" has profile pic of skeleton holding a gun
“: Looking strong! Looks like it was a fun race... congrats!” Thanx that was 8.5 miles in!
Im Up Early, Waiting For My Tat Man
is like FLUX.'s cooler older sister.If you find yourself in #DC & curious about #DCArts events, Philippa's got you covered.
#FF because it's friday!!! & she's a cool person :)!
haha you got it!
": really?" Hi twubby I missed yo sexy ass! But what I do now?
Somehow I still got hangover. Guess there's only one thing to do
RT if you love jeans! Where have you found your favorite denim duds?
Shout out to Prilosec OTC, The first Official Sponsor for The "It Ain't About Us" Charity projects featuring Crystal Cartier, SA Join them!
Wait. Bubbles are over? Did you just say that? I hope you meant more in that they're just like water -- essential.
18 proud seconds
have you TRIED it though?!
Beliebers should respect our boys like we respect Justin. It's just really cruel. - Blanka
Honestly, not surprising news about gays is all the rage today. North Carolina hates them, but Obama doesn't. Duh and duh.
Do the things you know, and you shall learn the truth you need to know.
I don't take anything for granted RT Bellavia would have won Genesee GOP endorsement too if there had been a vote.
Countdown to #HIMSS10... looking forward to meeting everyone!
So busy school causes stress
Awesome, glad you loved it! I thought the Cuban was gonna be the star of the show, but Juicy Lucy's in the lead so far!
...the dreams will come to you.” <U+2015> Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture
cool part of thats me and my friend we thought yall looked adorable so we kept watching it lol(:
Once i Seen The Matt Forte Post i Knew it was you LAMEEBUTT (x
Looking forward to cooking a Mexican feast for our lovely Marketing team tomorrow - Buen Provecho!
When someone is offering you exactly what you want, why turn it down? : )
lol idk, I have direct tv so its on channel 279. It's on oprahs network lol There showing like all these episodes
you're welcome!
I will have 61 credits when I graduate. Chyeahh boy.
:-( Sorry, I hope things turn around for you.
Head hurts.
that is a most welcome change from past convention sites
Mexican player carded for diving in the box... didn't think the ref had the cajones...
The tart irony of people posting about leaving instagram on Facebook.
Man Driving To Work Killed By Wrong-Way Driver On Bishop Ford
you fuck with guys all the time? Ok ...
Summertime, and the livin is easy...
RT love ur new eyeblack. Just saw the press release & images. They look great. Well done on the design
#Chlamydia is known as a "silent" disease because the majority of infected people have no
I love you so much (:
On the way back to NYC. Had a fun month on tour with Michael Buble in the US. Now for a little time at home!
wow, just realized that last tweet was my 600th....epic. what a friggin topic to discuss for such a milestone.
Y'all: It's late in the day to say so, but follow to keep on top of news. Slated for a weekend in September.
Going to hand out "Beat The Heat" signs to businesses tomorrow. Let me know if you have suggestions on the Eastside, Westside or brip!
Stagecoach is going crazy this weekend!
A 100 Mfz can't tell me nothing
and forever ;)
How Do You Guys Know Vinny Has A GirlFriend?!?
nice socks
RT!!! Straight Up Hustler The Party Scene
Great line up 2morrow @ Elmington Park West End + Macky's Italian Ice!
and I can't stand the spurs so that's saying something
sign up for THE EROTIC .com for your chance at 50k and a modeling contract
#uhoh will probably be drunk anyway. I can't sleep either, btw.
can you call NWSports tonight and talk to about selection? #WOU we have coach Ferguson on the show before
aye im jealous!! ": I will be broke thanks to sephora"
nice. where'd you see her?
already gearing up for Felix in the Bronx on Friday. you know he can't wait.
RT : a hipster used a taxi? What happened, bike broken?
Confucius Say...Woman who puts rooster in freezer has frozen cock.
appeals procedures 4 Olympic events very short. 30 mins for protest, 30 mins for appeal. Must pay filing fee in Swiss francs
Ha! It's funny because my dad is from France and I born there but I know little of French xD
So long Cliff Lee... we'll miss you in Seattle.
Registration for the Run Like Hell 5k is CLOSED. No more in-store registration. If you missed it, see you next year!
Leave the world a little better than you found it. — Baden Powell
Plus Kobe do need to get his act right outside the court.
With pleazure. Bow down to ME, Queen!
must've been the luckiest Texan in the world
Watching We Bought a Zoo in math :)
Its Birthday dedicated Granders stay up to wish him Happy Birthday early as possible(; follow back please-?-?
When he remembers special dates without you mentioning it...<U+2665>
I want pizza! Send a slice my way...I want it my way. MY WAY!
Just answer the question. Or are you avoiding it? Ha ha ha
let the fun begin
You can have all the wine, then. :)
redeye back to tallahassee. played cash all day and made enough to pay for the trip. good times, twitter
He had 41 points so I feel him. !
Congrats & good luck to all the #entrepreneurs that made the 2nd round judging for !
Dick Clark --it seems only a moment ago we were all dancing to American Bandstand. RIP.
Sorry I don't come on twitter very much.
Visit our website to see some of our past events. That may answer your question :).
oh my Christ what oh my god.
Agreed re:
And yes, those lyrics are from his lover's Honey Funny Bunny ^.~.
Nigga in st.matinville bored as hell
Aint nothin wrong wit Downtown! Am I right?
What an eventful Thursday night
sounds threatening - hence, a good tagline for the Internet
New little practice amp just arrived...10 watt Rogue. Not too bad :)
Congrats 2 the Dept. of Student Transportation's SW Terminal 4 its GPS-VERIFIED 100% ON-TIME Performance today!
completed her food and exercise diary for 04/27/2012
Oh shit, Marvel are adding to The Vision to The Avengers this season!
R.I.P Dick Clark
Had a great afternoon
AMEN to that!
Traigan el tequila, vamos a celebrar al Mexican style
Life is a game that one plays according to the rules
CONGRATS! WELCOME TO THE BERKELY FAMILY
have not tweeted in a while!
M. Raise your hand if you have eaten at Green Leaf! M
Nun Much But Alot At The Same Time ,Imy Too
"Don't let your happiness depend on something you may lose." -C.S. Lewis
Bob interested in my hospice C/G book I wrote. Will be published in 4 weeks. Come see us at SPRING FLING Jameson Radiation FR 4/27/12
also, I'm having a hard time filling up my list... I've only got about 12 things so far
Oh no! Not the metric system! That's horrible-- the class sounds like a great way to introduce more people to archaeology.
Did you know that botanically speaking a rose doesn't have thorns--it has "prickles ?"
Quite a long day. Team USA brought home one medal today. Congrats to Crystal Weekes for winning a bronze medal in female heavyweight.
“: Best thing LeBron did 2nd half: Take up rebounding slack vs. Hibbert. Wound up with 15 rebs as M..." he does it ALL
In Richmond, VA about to hit up a rehearsal for a concert tomorrow. It's straight ahead jazz with some caribbean music thrown in.
Im sure lebron hasnt fouled until the last half of the 4th quarter
Getting ready to open up the Sugar Shack! Stay tuned...
Last night we were played on 88.3 wxav!!! Request to hear us!
We'd love to have you! It's on Wednesdays at 9:30pm
Leverage the benefits of workload optimization in the data center | IBM: via
Didn't "W" breastfeed til he was 40? or was he doing lines of coke off that old bag mother's private parts until he turned 40?
#thatawkwardmoment when your friends leave you for hours. And forget about you.
Hoping the rain this weekend holds off until after the #crazylegsclassic. Last year was wet enough!
Do you think tattoos are addicting?
thank you! ;DD
You're a crazy man. Btw, did you get the email from Amazon?
Yeah, for what?
is the #LASparks game scheduled for Sunday @ 5:30 getting bumped? haha
He gives power to the weak, and to those who have no might He increases strength. - Isaiah 40:29
Who wants my 3800th tweet?
's closet.
Poor Mister Softee. How does he get a date?
Morning world, how's everybody???
Nick Breezyy forever
Hm. I've been to a club called Dirty Rats, so clearly my standards and judgment shouldn't be trusted on this one.
today is the closing performance of Abduction! Where am I going to get my Mozart fix after today?
I will let you know; I'll fill out that form thing today.. Sorry I keep forgetting!
good morning whats new
we did not make it there tonight, some of our members may have been present
this Friday we will be in Cleveland opening for and at the beachland ballroom! Learning a new cover to debut!
which means it's instinctual lol he was born to be a star!
Thank you very much Yolanda!
I use a software tool that records everything done in video, audio & txt transcripts realtime which are sent to me daily
you too, sweetie.
Giordano had 5 int. last year and 1 forced fumble, probably will get him for cheap and at least a good backup.
Hey Hey Hey how are you? (:
“: Astounding MT There are now 70 concussion-related lawsuits filed vs NFL including 1,800+ former players”
follow me on flameup_itslou
I think most people around here are crazy busy. You might want to contact ICS admissions directly to get a quick reply.
Long day of sitting in front of my computer. Listening to Pandora Radio makes it easier... that & getting up to stretch once in a while.
hanging with and
hope all you are doing great!
Happy Born Day! Welcome to 33!
This lady needs to learn to "just say no"...
Following recent hires, #NelsonHall still recruiting for both #BPO analysts and marketing personnel
worked all day, took care of my babies.
My client, Synergy Design and Construction, was on a live news show today.
Getting used to new protocols.
RT the Italian Enterprise Technical Support account is now open to help Italian customers
thanks, straight from the source! :) will check it out!
Should You Blog EveryDay -JustSmellSoGood .com www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
We will be closed on Easter Sunday. Enjoy the Holiday!
Your Money: Enthusiastic About Car Sharing? Your Insurer Isn x2019;t
Would God's messenger be like the Unabomber, or America's karma, that'll rip through your body armor?
that makes me so much happier than I thought it would ugh
heard 2011 was a big hit! Congratulations. #babybumpbegone 2012!
yeah, fucking whatever.
I'm not too sure if I'm hungry or just bored... I'll wait to 1pm to decide...
Did you know I was a twin? Oh you didn't? Well meet me and my creep twin in April :)
I'm a fan of that too, I have a nice legal pad and sharpie pen sitting right next to me :)
welcome to twitter buddy
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile
is it possible that we're running out of 512 numbers because people have multiple google voice numbers
Word on the street is that Twitter's been so slow this week because of tweets coming from #ces09 &
Thanks. Sounds like matters are getting worse.
shit trynna see how every one is now days
and where is my invite to Alex's house...?
we don't have a deck, we didn't even have a bathroom remember? Our new Store Does! And Parking.
good looking. Much respect! Thank you!
you are the best merch girl ever
#nmsu this speaker sounds like Sarah palin.
aight I got you but minus the heat jersey
Any more JAMS students willing to give us input on an interview event, tweet #jamsfeedback and we'll be in touch! Thanks!
And even thou it eats at me everyday and every second. I still keep it a secret.
Looking for the first title since 1968
Deena Pierott and Maria Rubio will be moderating the discussion today
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
thanks for the follow! would love to be featured in your magazine! :)
inserts to plant today. jackets should be off press this week to plant next. still waiting on MMS. Tirra Lirra on short tour up north
bout to figure that out in a minute
By massaging and gently pulling on your ears once per day increases your immune system, and protects your organs and tissue
Ohshit. I just know this is going to be great.
from on The Show now!
lol, yeah well me too but that isn't translating for me ;)
chemistry.. A little bit boring^^ great :D
It's sad when I have to remind my boyfriend not to forget his retainer before bed.. he needs to keep me around.
Believe RT : I'm rappin while I'm rollin joints. True story. shit!
Hey Kathie Just Wanted To Say How ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS YOUR SUPPORT FOR THE GAY COMMUNITY HAS BEEN I Recently Came Out myself
Thank you!!
Agreed! ": Jamar vs. Juliet trending. Tears should be trending too. #TheVoice"
Energy is wasted if a toaster is left plugged in.
Review your credit report at least once a year to check for errors or duplicate information.
Victoria you're so gorgeous I'm jealous!
one more day of practice before myquick turn around trip to paris to play w miracles club yacht dragging an ox brainstorm and beyonda on sat
At least strangers at Burt's still compliment the bartenders on the picture of my ass. Never grow old, folks. Never.
is having their end of bin sale on wine, liqour and beer. Hurry in and take advantage before it's all gone.
Look at The Sheriff turning two like a shortstop!
Just got an email reminder about #BASHH tomorrow & I got all excited!
I have a toddler with a very high crankiness quotient this morning. :/
HvZMod FACT: and are siblings that were separated at birth.
Happy New Year! Mention you follow us on Twitter for $1 off an order of Chicken 'N Waffles in January!
if my googling is correct, as the crow flies you are about 3,500 miles away...
I would just like to thank the #Bears organization for having the worst back up quarterback!!
So how about im pumped for school tomorrow. Why? Cause its a joke and i have 2 pottery classes haha
download that on fb ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Nope. Hoping takes care of me. My 5D mark ii has been great up till now. Not sure why it won't turn on.
You are welcome:)
because they'd look great on you
Kmeade is so beautiful and I love you so much<3 -lauren
just a couple days, back home now, I'll be back late spring/summer for sure!!
Tanning naked <3
yeah yeah...so i had a wee bit of an issue remembering. But still got their numbers at least.
Convinced hubby to watch Woody Allen's Midnight in Paris. I think he liked it. I did :)
the coolest site around: www.lombardistreet.com
Where's the love?
thanks lady! so good meeting you
Big sunglasses are an ugly girl's best friend
"from chicago i survive any coldwar"
We're looking forward to it too! RT : We'll be staying for 16 days. Looking forward to stay with you!
Flawless flight experience. Thanks !
I LOVE the new Dicks Sporting Goods commercial with the #Rudy music!
Should be working out or drawing but bumming it for two seconds on twitter looking at pics is so much better. Lol
If you don't sound like Rosie Perez or look like J. Lo then it's assumed you're something else & not PR
RIP Maurice Sendak. Words can't express how bright your spirit was, or how powerfully you impacted the world of children's lit.
I belonged to Northern VA Electric Cooperative and still receive dividend checks
Hah! I'd be too embarrassed! Though every year we have a game night at our library, maybe then I'll make a video :)
Another day in paradise beginning in Cincinnati (~);}
So we're the sun... LOL
Chai Spice Latte....sweet Bluberry muffins? Our Strawberry Milkshake is going to bring all the vaper's to the yard!! COMMING SOON!!
Going to need that Justin Timberlake gif, guys.
dont work to hard
very good point
Retaliers Facebook Pages grow 20 percent on average as a result of these seasonal promotions on Facebook
The are #BeingMilwaukee right now
Man....Imma let y'all have that. Go argue w/ her, yall know her twitter name
taco fiesta has a kick-ass happy hour on friday. buy two drinks and there is a free buffet!
Don't forget to help defray: Donate some cash to the magic trashcan at
“: Um, yes. RT : Is Newcastle any good?” lulz. Sounds like a media day question.
said it right #ChristianConservatives supporting is akin 2 saying their hate 4 trumps love 4
I wish you'd understand how much you mean to me<3
I hope everyone remembered to Spring forward today!
The student is your (teacher's) customer
This weekend on The Trail: Corvette Show at Winery at La Grange; Harmony Place Charity Benefit and Scott Murray at the Philip Carter Winery
Trying My BEST To keep a SMILE On my Face.
Blow to DREAM ACT. Lugar defeated by Tea Party Challenger.
Do not pitty the dead, pitty the living specially the ones that live without love...
Where'd you go?
RT RT featured in today's article giving the inside scoop and practical tips on commercial auditions http ...
when times are tough the quiet study room calls your name. Best of luck these next 3 days.
When the going gets tough get a tank!!!
My train ride is long enough no longer for the two of you. But I'm enjoying the
So, the Pirates won? More importantly, which perogie came in first?
Starting to appreciate driving only once a month
FYI: British fashion company Burberry is the fourth-fastest-growing company, behind Apple, Google and Amazon.
Running burns more calories than walking, depending on time. Ex: If u run for 30 min or walk for 30 min, running will burn more calories...
I still can't believe hack ass Corey Hart ties the game. Come on #Brewers I want to celebrate a win!
"People are strange when you're a stranger, faces look ugly when you're alone."
correction NURSE RATCHET
Coming tomorrow: How to roast red peppers
you're a lifetime movie.
I find it funny when christian rappers say "I don't really like christian rap"...lol really? U think that makes u sound deep?
ya I am
Good for you, Schill
Worse, it's the Canadians....
Made it thru two 10 of 12's for "1776" at ! One to go after a well-deserved day off!
Yup still at the school
and 10 Things I Hate About You is based on The Taming of the Shrew!
Thank you so much for all you do. We are thrilled you had a great time!
RT : When ppls hoods start trending people be getting upset ^_^
Um, definitely more than fire code allows. We had well over 300 through the museum, and prob close to 250 in the room?
- PROFOUNDLY AGREE !!!!
bum knife fighting should be an actual sport. I'd love to watch that while drinking a beer. Lol.
oh sweet! Thank you!! Could you send it to me by tomorrow?!
are you at Jupiter Lanes?
And thanks to a metric ton of work (to the gram), puts within view of a beta. Stay tuned.
If your girlfriend tells you tonight I'm going to make all your fantasies come true and she thinks she's involved, she's delusional
Our weekly Specials will be back after #RestaurantWeek concludes. Don't fear, though, we'll still be bringing you our famous FREE music!
.... BANGARANG BITCHES! Get your asses to stat! The #crowsnest is open
love it!
that is fabulous and I am going to check out your book. I love the name. What is the genre?
Overdone is for turkeys and passionate people. I'm both.
I have never had a night as interesting as last night.
ts a great Day To Record!! HomeBass Studios has all your Engineering needs. Get in the Loop!!
Darling Companion, Johnny and June Carter Cash.
I have to say that little shocks me anymore, but that tweet from AB was unbelievable. Thank you for RTing.
We've been working hard on formative assessments for few years--built into curriculum.
Enroll in auto pay to avoid forgetting to pay the bill and avoid late fees. Remember to double check your statements each month for mistakes
Went to showroom in NY. Have two pairs. Been wearing one.
#SMWRoleModels "Food blogs are among the top three blog topics"
I GOT TO BE ON THE STAGE FOR K+Q IN BOCA. IT MUST BE AMAZING TO SEE THAT SEA OF PPL EVERY NIGHT.HOW DOES THAT FEEL? :)
I miss u too and thank u
last thought on Raburn. You're going to boo him cause Leyland puts him in the lineup & plays him too much? shouldnt you boo Leyland instead?
but there's a good chance I'll meet 1d since the flashmob is at the venue, we're hoping they will watch us!:)
Freshly cooked artichoke hearts with a little bit of mayo makes my inner child happy. :-D
are you moving to portland?? we need a 4th roomiee if you are ;) ;)
Watching #8Mile :) I love this movie.
Dying to know, but afraid to find out.
Playing Call of Duty instead of studying for my Anatomy test
Thank you to our generous sponsors , , , , &
writing new musickz?
Absolutely! These parents are organizing for the only thing that matters: their kids.
Polar bears
KG best fake tough guy ever.
Save the date! Regional Clinical Seminar | "Sports Vision" by Paul Harris,OD | Hamilton, New Zealand | 17-18 November 2012. More info TBA.
Focus on long term success but be willing to make short term adjustments to get there.
unless you have a badge telling me to slow down is pointless
Thank you.
James Dyson, the inventor of the Dyson Vacuum cleaner, "failed" at more than 5,100 prototypes before getting it just right.
I had a startling realization when I discovered what an epiphany was.
Where are you watching the game today? Need any good places to go for halftime?
still gives you a really tough lineup...ej is better than Jamal Crawford
No meeting for me today. Guess i'll get my workout in early!
something is addictive about you...(:
Excited for SYTYCD Vegas week today and then DWTS Live tonight with all the SYTYCD alum. Woot! I'll do my best to cover it for you.
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile TAKE HER 2 A JUSTIN BIEBER CONCERT.....YUP
yeah totally. Mhmm. Good luck with that.
. Ew. Don't leave your Kindle unattended around him, LOL.
I love you bro :') I'll throw extra hard for you!
2weeks till I'm back home ! Cali that is
And it just gets worse for the Tree
I hate that feeling when you always want HIM there because you were so use to having LOVE there..
is a social media and SEO genius! Thank you for contributing to the Theater Connects future!
REST! Mom's remedy is hot lemonade & asprin then get under the covers & sweat it out! Oddly it works.
Wanna change my avi , but idk if it'll be worth the drama ...
Yeah and thanks!:D
Wishing you all a very Merry Christmas filled with joyful memories to last a lifetime!
It's still not to late to check out our brand new song! www.byejune.com
Greetings Miss Ashley - cheers to our successful Friday!
is my fav too!!
Hear with your EARS, but listen with your HEART ~ Lori Brewer
We are at the Spectrum Sports Club in Rolling Hills for the open house. Stop by, grab a ZICO and work out!!
Ne-Yo ft Rihanna "Hate That I Love You" smh
RT : Grabbing a delicious dog from ! // Thank U!
how you feel about original instrumentals with a unique sound with no samples
followed TEAM MINDLESS FOLLOWBACK :D
So in wrapping up, what should we watch out for? Any upcoming shows, projects, productions out in LA? Or in NYC?
it's toilet tv. I can't help it!
I think I just got pranked call
crazy busy week ahead with practices, studio, shows & festivals. should be fun though!
First day on the show floor, and pleasantly surprised at the number of vendors showing off batteries, chargers. Big topic.
Never wanted 2 tell someone 2 shut the fuck up so much in my life! Bout to miss the last shuttle hm! This broad needs to shut up !!
Oh no! :( Definitely not acceptable. Can you have your friend email me with details? supportdc(at)uber(dot)com
Great job on educating Realtors about the Top 10 tech tools!
how would u embarrass me? U know nothing about me?
Thinks this heat is natures way of telling me it's time to drop the excess blubber...
I finally understand Pikachu for not wanting to evolve. I'm not the only one that doesn't want to grow up.
Happy Valentine's Day to my favorite girl....Mary Jane:)
Mahomies gonna love <3 you're amazing .
really? I think you'd be rather good at it for the same reasons you are a Frustrated Yenta. Compassionate, patient, high EQ.
You've lost all your weight…now what? Girl, keep at it every single day from now on…or you'll go back to the way you were. You can do it!
Oh yes, I've heard of those...Something else to look forward to.
Everyone needs to go get Malcolm X on Afro American History..head to amazon and get one..
But seek first the kingdom of God and His righteousness, and all these things shall be added to you. ~Matthew 6:33"
We have Hot Yoga!! See you in a bit!
I know if I ever need a smile I can Look at ur post and always laugh. laughter is the best medicine plus great friends
your a little slow ... Just a little ahhaha yeah & hair to ... How the hell is the beach going to be possible?!?!?!
i hope has a great day c: <3
Found #AFFORDABLE #flaxseed at #Hostess Bakery Outlet Shop. About $3 for a 1 lb bag #whole #flaxseed. Ground #flax #better; absorbs #best!
Wow my mom hasn't even noticed that I dyed my hair....I mean come on I don't have purple that's should be noticeable!
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars. -Charles Austin Beard
Will be guest speaking at Bill Linsman's BU in LA class on Tues. night & at the Burbank Film Festival on Thursday night. Busy week ahead!
Okay guys I'm not trying to start drama or bring up old news or anything I love griffin but what did she do? What's the flashing about?
dear life , fuck you sincerely, I'm gonna die anyway.
a #ff hello to our newest followers!
Hey everyone. Don't forget to wear Purple today, October 20 for Spirit Day
When are we gonna hang out? Do I have to invite myself over with a pitcher of mimosas or what?
Why on earth did you go to this? You knew you'd hate it...
This Thursday April 28th, at the "8-Weeks to a Better You" program, I will be talking on exercise, metabolism & the FITT principle. See you!
Busted that ass today tho... Dropped 30 points, 12 assists, a few rebounds, a steal, and 2 blocks. Leggo!
I do not wanna get ready I dont even feel like doing my hair -__- ):
actually more like 7 months lol
RT : Striding for a good future .
now im on twitter, lol
"Life is like a ten-speed bicycle. Most of us have gears we never use." Charles Schulz (via: )
Errbody droppin a mixtape ima wait cuz i been buildin my buzz errday someone ask me for my mixtape dont worry its coming let the lames shine
My site is going into maintenance mode for a day or two. It's going from ugly duckling to graceful swan. Thanks for your patience.
I going to Greece. Who wants to join me?
Heroclix tonight at the store! Super hero throwdown starting at 630pm
The issue I have is that he doesn't practice "crack journalism" which implies that his colleagues do. That's a fail.
How neglectful! Both eyes should be on CCF
still questioning whether or not #Rubio is worth all the hype ... cc:
this is bullshit.
LOL thanks Chef you know me I like to either spice things up or not play by the rules haha
Sorry to make you re-register. Once you create your account, you should be all set!
i i wouldnt trust math with much. It'd warp it and i suck at math so maybe i'd get the wrong answers all the time. Hahaha
I do know one thing though
Hiromi tore it up at the Monterey Jazz Festival tonight - she's an amazing musician.
So I'm going to do what every young divorcee who looks like me does. I'm starting a burlesque troupe. I'll see you on the road.
that is also one of my favorites.
meetup when you finish? I'm in the building.
Get well my Brother...you will be missed!
RT “: I love my relationship with my bed. No commitment needed. We just sleep together every night. ;)”
You are right <3
I like craps
RIP Dick Clark a true American Icon
This sounds like an awful idea…
Congradulations for having ur baby luv her name nd btw ur a warrior cause she was a big baby i knw u nd the hubby r happy
So while is pushing inner beauty I'm going to tell everyone to stop stereotyping based on looks. Its pointless.
well it's unfortunate but I have to
Congrats to the on their 4th straight GFL championship
I would like to trade my Mad Magazine collection for a time share in south Florida (oceanfront preferred). Please call if interested.
Well that sucks!! Too crowded to even attempt the Monday #boxing class. Boo! Other people are such a downer
what's wrong with tomorrow...
I'm gonna watch tonight!
He's good but he's no sailor.
Jung is to Freud as Twilight is to Buffy. There, I've said it. - DvL
Check out this HOT UPCOMING Artist! NEW songs JUST OUT! Links on his page
huh crappy artist
my friend & team-will pick locations 2 plant churches in north jersey 200+ sites team is drafting ths wk
Hincapie: #287g allows local law enforcement officers to become effectively deputized as #ICE agents
Arrive early tonight and enjoy free cocktails from 9-10 and only $2 after that!
RT Love, love, love that scalar. :)
Oh, Cat Stark you're such a cock-blocker.
come to UK and you'll be wearin a Nike jersey! Go Big Blue!!!
What or whose pic I want to see it lol ? ": That picture from this morning is still creepy as hell"
men without Charlie is like Charlie without problems. Jon Cryer is going to be king pimp
Rangers are amazing
I used to put that shell chocolate ice cream stuff on a spoon, freeze it, than eat it.
follow back
No dude, no plans yet. What are you gona do?
hey beotch!! Fix your thong. Lol
I really don't want to go to school tomorrow -_-
“: Those who believe the media isn’t controlled, are controlled by the media.”
Today Pitino said this and I quote, "If we can't bring it back, I hope they do." Wow. Clearly he wants to win BAD, but that impresses me.
Sometimes I wonder who Tf I am
My idea of looking cute for work completely goes out the door when swamped. Hoodie, jeans, flops, and a messy bun today
Michael Kors Affordable handbags Release - The Gamer Access
Boy it sure would be nice.
KC Gossip. No drugs. No Mass Pike. No nothing. 17yo Zach, you'd be bummed.
i mean thats just it you guys and me and whoever my date is
Awesome! See y'all tonight at ! :)
I hope you're running on two hours of sleep.
listen to your heart. <3
Happy Birthday Princeton I hope you have a great day and full of Peace&Love
If im doing something wrong let me know /:
aww you're too kind! Looking forward to our reunion in a few days :-)
missed connections and vintage crap make CL worth a
you still here i bet huh what u do here fun in chicago anyways?
What is Liposculpture? It's liposuction - a surgical procedure that permanently removes excess localized fat cells for better proportion.
Mane N' Tail actually works. Shit, my hair has already grown 2 inches in a month O:
Oh damn, it hailing in deltona but its amazing in orlando.
is truely afraid of Glenn Beck
My time line stay with some crazy stuff
!!! “: Living with a #Cancer will bring unexpected mood swings. You never know what tomorrow will bring!”
Flo could sing the warning label on a pack of butts & I'd be smitten. Florence + the Machine's new song. su.pr/2rx8NH
my god, that is just so fucking adorable... you really got the cream of the crop. :)
Natural beauty
Can't wait to watch my dvr'd #thewalkingdead when I get home ..
tickets Schmickets. Who needs em? All about atmosphere! SUPER BOWL!!
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trustht5e
His fake accent is quite bad, isn't it?
Just wondering if you are a promoter for all the follow backs because that's all I see you doing? Please share a bit
A Degree after Military Service
Twitter is handling 1.6 billion queries per day.
With what little power they have, the Tea Party caused the lowering of the US debt limit, imagine the damage they could inflict with more.
Word RT I've cried during every American Idol performance tonight, in case you've ever wondered what having PMS is like.
Ok, getting ready for the school board to make their big political speeches to the crowd on closures
Apparently I talk too loud on the phone in the office. Sorry for partying, !!!
Thanks! I just might!
sad day
The fastest growing fetish in youth today is Stygmatophilia, sexual attraction to body piercings and tattoos.
I like the name "Champs" as a moniker for this team.
great night with at gala. great job !
The vocalist has obviously studied the greats when it comes to stage presence ... Jim Morrison, mick Jagger, maybe a hint of Sat. Night ...
#Amazing how even a small dose of #positive thinking can change the entire outcome of a situation.
I really don't think people understand how much I HATE my hair..
RT Happiness or sorrow -Whatever befalls you, Walk on Untouched, unattached.-
Today's the day! Four media:scape stations will be set up on the first floor of Snell Library. Come check them out!
I honestly feel like no one is real, and i'm always being used for something.
What is that nonsense, anyway?
10 min break to eat McDonald's chicken nuggets first...
how long is too long?
we probably disagree on this, but sitting on a shelf for longer than agreed to in CBA isn't mishandled, its a technicality.
I made a note to make a list of things to do after I get out of class but I dont remember what to put on it..
All the yummy foods of the season, BBQ in the air, but keep seeing: bikini in Hawaii. Remember the bikini, Amanda! :eats girl scout cookie:
big ups to for running another family dinner due to my dropping in on #lodlam Melbourne!
Thank you for clarifying your position. I concur.
Exciting News! My new Chicago venture, "Cooking Skills Academy". Classes start 4/26. Text: CHIM to: 41513 for registration and contest info.
He didn't pitch, they didn't play.": Also bear uses woods as toilet. :
How are you my oh so lovely Canadian?? Long time no see!!! Hope you're doing great!!! Catch you later gorgeous :)
I feel like it's time for some sort of an implant.
I'm umping (yes umping) the big Plover softball tourney June 22-24. I think State Special Olympics is June 9 here in Point.
Everyone is excited for #OpeningDay. will be tailgaiting with shrimp bc it's #GoodFriday as well! :)
hahah throw some crackers
so u single
It is my wish that we will meet here again to actually continue to build a platform that addresses these issues -Achim Steiner UNEP at EOE
Man Idk wtf this professor is talking bout.. I'm just watching the clock
I'd be happy to share my thoughts.
So much to do today. But sitting on couch catching up on #American idol is more important
our followers are gold! mine on!
yow some thing bad ago happen...mine nuh know.(°_°)
hotel VQ celebrates Denver beer week with the "Buckets of Beer" package. Check it out at www.hotelVQ.com
Picking up coffee & pastries for #aam2012 Blogging 201 w'shop. Come by, caffeinate, blog! 9am, Room 207AB
very nice!
Since my kids are exactly 2.5 years apart,we have a mini-party for their half-birthdays.
#FF to who makes me feel all those things romantic comedies want me to feel.
So I visited the acupuncturist and she put seeds in my ears on points that I "massage" when anxious.Very Wrath of Khan
Neon green? : Did u get your pre-trip mani pedi ? I went for a crazy color in honor of my bday - can u guess?”
We look forward to having you stay, Let us know if you need anything!
family guy is more important than me.
Awww... At the Rangers game!! Some guy just proposed on the big screen!!
you good buddy
#ReppinMyHood BALDWIN PARK STAND UP !!!!
I am very excited to be playing at the May 17. If you live in NY and are 21+ make sure you are there!
glad you came around. #themagiciscontageous :)
It's a family Disney dance party in our living room! I'd be jealous if I weren't here ;)
Thanks for spreading the good news, Kayleigh!
I need an assistant with experience, drive, & looks good in heels & skirts!
18hrs of non stop work, and i dont even drink coffee.. this is painful....
i really think you should like whatever you want to without shame unless you like Rush. cc:
Hey everyone - it's Walker Rebate Wednesday! Take the bus, ride your bike or walk to VIA and get 20% off your bill today.
How media memes are created fascinates me.Seau commits suicide.Blame is laid on concussions. Which leads to debate over football's future.
Got the job at New York and Company! Yay!
Tortorella better keep the Kreider ice time coming if he knows what's good for him
says collaborative scholarship is a different process and has a different "feel" than individual scholarship
lol...I guess some people feel sick after getting full or very full!
Still is.
Many people say they hope the contributions they make in their lives somehow leave the world a better place. Steve Jobs' life actually did
Hello Fellow Capricorn
an awesome feeling: when you tell your boyfriend that you're just dumb and then he agrees ow ok.
#DontDoubleMyRate I,m. Sorry for misbehaving.
Watching SNL with Will Ferrell as host. I'm more excited than at the gym.
why do grasshoppers become locusts? Find out this Friday at 8:15 with the audio documentary "Lives of Animals"
Christmas is around the corner, are you ready?
my friend is a #BABE!
Anything embarrassing happen to anyone today? Ill tell you if you got me beat...
Gaaah! Just redonk! & team ginger! #makerbot here at a shit ton of celebrities!
7 innings...hm
Aw! Thanks love. Happy Friday && same to you. (:
Thanks so much. I really enjoyed visiting Lexington and all of the great professors and grad students on your campus. Thanks!
Up benefiting the #FLT fam while you just make a white guy richer punching his clock,I see you bums
“Sports serve society by providing vivid examples of excellence
You're the best!
is applesauce a viable alternative to eggs?
Amber Flirtini: 3 Olives Berry Vodka, Chambord, Bols Triple Sec crushed raspberries, pj, and cranberry juices topped w/a splash of champ!
meaning, Ginger don't give a sh*t? Err, maybe she does. ;)
Everything you say is fire. Don't you know people write songs about girls like you?
True, but Bob is also reduced to tears by bad national anthem renditions, people getting welfare, and Merton
we would love if both of you could attend our fashion show on the 16th of May
HEY ARE YOU A COLTS CHEERLEADER?
don't lie, you love her
Phone call or skype,??? :D anyone ????
Njonjo: Bureaucracies get in the way of moving from transparency -> accountability. Kenya is one of the most responsive in Africa
": hollaback girl by gwen stafini = classic ( idk how to spell her name) its *Gwen Stefani*
I got it! Being really, really, ridiculously good looking while in #Delirium Just ask Orlan.
I walk on my bus and all i smell is major BO .
Wiped out after a huge awesome first day of #minnewebcon - your director will be low-key tomorrow.
Im so sick of beauty and the beast music and guess what pops up on my pandora........
just discovering your #TED talks and I'm loving the passion and infectious energy. Watch and absorb people.
Don't you think people hate being called " ugly " when they are perfectly beautiful, and you're too self centered to realize it..
I'm not big on giving random people a chance. I don't like strangers they ALWAYS end up being crazy or weird!
gross, I hope you get awkward stares & disgusted looks all day long cuz of ur socks w/ birkenstocks.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when u call person B to ask for person A's cell phone number, u dial it.... Person A is in ur contact list
RT : RT "A man who doesn't trust himself can never really trust anyone else." —Cardinal De Retz
Your fans are going crazy to see you !!! THEY WANT THESE TICKETS!!!
is she crying too!?
Nietzsche: "Gay science...is a reward...of a long, brave, industrious, and subterranean seriousness, of which...not everyone is capable."
Well, no win to mark on the board tonight, but it's good to be at the ball fields anyway!!
.: Your duty to uphold the 1st Amendment trumps state law. Did you authorize the use of assault weapons aimed @ protestors?
Yessum! U Like it?? The whole shoot produced some Uh.May.Zing. shots!!!
:/ r/s ": I know it's all starting to sound the same"
Playing at Plaza De La Raza tonight: 10:30-12midnight...the house is packed.
Thank you so much for including me in this!
#YouKnowItsRealWhen I can't stop thinking about you.
I'm so livid right now! I'm beyond words at this point!! #GoingOff!!!
wwwhhhhhatttt up yo?? We are good! You?
Re-connecting with my network and making new contacts. Considering going into business for myself...(?)
yuppers...I did on Monday....changed my password immediately but was a bit too late...ho ya doing?
one of my favorites
George, you need a little isthmus, right this very minute! Give Manuel the business! If you now begin it we could all be home by Christmas!
Me and doing the cakewalk in the car....let me just say its hilarious.
you got to come get some this heat over here in the studio
RT : Repping my purple and black for the #rockies baseball game with all the girls today! :-)
. Love Lassaigne. We visited him in Montgeux last year. KILLER Vin Clair. My teeth still hurt from the acid.
of course! ;)
...and subsequently use me as fuel.
that reminds me of santos class... 97.3 the coast lol
Walking dead is truly a good show ...
OH MY GOD I KNOW. puberty has served him well.
Where is ?
Removed the pea-gravel sidewalk from around the edges of a pool & now recycling the concrete at the concrete recycling center off Britmoore!
At the Make Out Room...Noone makes out here anymore.
Hi luvs! Tweet me If you want a follow back! Xo
We're playing Sat. 5/14 at Double Door in Chicago opening for The Memorials...hope to see you there! Send us a msg for cheap presale tix
The flooding was bad when we got here. Water has really receded since then.
what even changed in this "New twitter"???
#OpeningDay #MLBFC The best double play combo is and Bob Uecker calling the #Brewers on the radio.
Either I have long, luscious eyelashes or the lenses on these sunglasses are remarkably close to my eyeballs.
The awkward moment that makes the awkward moment more awkward
#DailyQuote: "My most treasured possessions are not things; my friends, family and animals are what counts." - Olivia Newton-John
I won a free copy of 's book: "Managing Enterprise Content: A Unified Content Strategy!"
haha she was!
Also tonight, Market: Windowpane w/Van Eps, : Lotus Plaza, and : Grave Babies, Posse w/Wimps
Inner healing involves moving from darkness to the light.
Civic Leadership Academy talking Human Services in AZ w DES Director Carter & SVP Brian Spicker of
Airlift transports having difficulty landing in volatile air and sea of people. Circling around
I always do. What do you think ideal "Nascar"-type pass-rushing D-Line will #Bills employ in 2012? Who's on the sidelines?
Hey hoe, you see my dude Dom over there, ya, go suck his pee-pee. -Will. I'm done hahaha
Meeting with the press this morning!
I did message u my number lol. Stupid twitter. Ill dm u my cell# again.
Press release lead: I thought you might like to know that some next level business moves are being made on the internet at this very moment.
We know UNICs are organizing Holocaust Remembrance events. Pls tweet and let us know about them! , ,
You can be my superman, save me here I am <U+2665>
Good morning! Today would a good day to do something nice for someone else.
thanks! Hope you listen to our upcoming shows!
I just looked up your weather. Uh, since when is 81 unbearable? I had a summer with a heat index of 122!!
people r to listening to me shit:(
And then I was handed the hat of grant writer on top of the 15 other hats I wear. This better come with a raise.
I added something else to the new picture ;)
DO IT MEECH, DO IT. You are going to have all sorts of lewd and nefarious relations tonight. Think of me..
one and what? NOT! #ForgiveYaBen ;-}
I guess I need a girlfriend!
what is the crystal castle????
I hate women because of my mom... and she hates me because she hates men in general. Will the circle be unbroken?
i already knew that but at least you real with it and you aint no asshole
yea but she's pretty and kicks it with Rob! We seriously do!!!
what your 40
Thank you for the tip!! RT I am learning too, I have a new Canon T2i, try online classes with
Getting ready for the good times...
Going through a hard time right now.. And I feel like I have no one to talk too :/
actually what they said is sugar is toxic..so toxic they are making me wait 24 hrs.
Officially bored.
Congratulations to U-17 US Women's National Team for punching their ticket, with a 3-0 victory over Panama, to the U-17 Women's World Cup!
Fifth grade family night is on Tuesday, August 30. 5:30-6:30 in the evening!
Put #TeamQinTheCommunity, #TQiTC, or just tweet @ us and we will highlight you and hopefully gain you some SD Followers.Have a great day
#CodyOnEllenAgain LET'S MAKE THIS #1 TRENDING TOPIC ANGELS!!!!!
I love my job.. Watching videos, playing DrawSomething with and fucking facebooking all day.
Fucc you scorpion looking ass....
we <3 UR music & our fans <3 U! We would love 2 interview U.
please stay forever #thankyou :)
Telling ME to count to ten and calm down! I'm at 150 and I'm still hot -_____-
Passion is the genesis of genius.
I miss my boyfriend -_-
On SF Bay today: Western Grebe, Eared and Horned Grebe, Common Loon, Common Murre, Scaup by the thousands, Wigeon, and the usual suspects
Ah so. Hope you had a great one. :-)
Nun Layin down Listen to Ma FAV ND I hope u feel Better.
Thanks! Enjoyed your recent article on NY Startups. Best of luck with
I sure hope to see you at TED; it was great to meet you at PSFK Detroit.
He about to lose..bout to lose..bout to lose me..he about to lose me eh eh eh
hahahahaha :) your funny lol Dang I really don't know how people can tweet so much haha like BAWK TWEET TWEET TWEET !!!!!
#IfICouldIWould...I did it all already and went out in a delirous rant afterwards..
They mean the world to me <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Thanks for the follow! Happy Sunday!
what shitty photos?
finger blasting
Praying for rain. We need it
Have a great vacation to HI!! Unwind and enjoy all the awesomeness. Sip some mai-tai. My fave drink.
New options trade to be released this Friday, July 16th. www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com. Up +28.6% this month!
Why do people make excuses ?! if you really want to talk to someone trust me you would make an effort plain & simple
Practice what you preach...
my shirt is still wet -_-
RT : , astronaut & MD Anderson doc, now up. "Telemedicine is the closest thing to surgery in space."
What a glorious London morning it is... Nothing witty to say, just a beautiful bloody day thus far... Cheers!
BUT YOU'RE A NIELSEN!!!
I always loved her duet with Peter Cetera, After All. Reminds me of the movie Chances Are. Anyway, back to MADONNA...
Exactly, they like to weaken women. I don't know, probably if it doesn't get cancelled. The speaking characters are leaving.
If yu cashed out then yu ass out if im cashed out then it bring that mask out #LKG shit
Miami Vice!
What is this #SanDiego weather? Let's cut out and head to Nicaragua....
This sucks! I broke mine in the middle of a lecture last year. I hope your day gets better.
Thanks! Glad we'll get to work with you!
:D thanks for the updates babe
You talk to much man. He aint yo friend..
yep. pro tools works on mac and pc. .
Cynthia tells of damages #SCOMM causes families w/US born children.
Twitter drone
So there are no PC bangs in San Francisco? I haven't played SC2 in 12 days and my hands feel really tight & not carpal tunnelly. Me no like.
Thanks, , for making sure one of my favorite films, THE PRINCESS BRIDE, is preserved for the ages.
Go Lakers! ": Looks like THIS game is OH VAH ...."
Google docs for session notes: bit.ly/qeile8
Romo will play cowboys will win and giants will cry Bradshaw and Jacobs are on steroids
Want to get rid of that long honey do list from last year ? Call Mr.D's we'll take care of it and keep you out of the dog house.619-562-5848
in a city like mine there's no point in fighting
OMG! Yes, yes it is.
SVEDKA FOR ALL!
One glimpse of God's beauty can steal your heart, and ruin you for anything else.
I forgot my glasses. Shiiiiiit
Filmmaker wants to make CLERKS I, but as a Broadway play instead of a movie!
its called schweddy balls =P
Frank Luntz: I can't imagine in the 21st Century that we are not graduating students fully proficient in Computer Science.
Making moves We love our city!
what do you love about CULC?
woo can't wait!
Hope all the mommas are having a particularly lovely day! xo
SHES GONE! lets do something stupid(:
ugh your friends suck balls dude -.-
doing well half way through the week :) you?
He better not go to OT on Christmas eve. Too many kids are depending on him!
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow <U+E32D><U+E04A>
Will USC continue their Florida pipeline? Robey, Allen, Williams, Agholor ... Hargreaves?
I met your brother last night,he was convinced I was at your birthday last year
Thanks for following Ry!
em I'd love that. Miss you I can't stand the distance
Have some extra rime, America- what questions do you have for Your First Fish?
Mad Money video today is awesome for the real estate market. Subject:Tide Turns For Housing "Too expensive to rent."
ESL: UK vs Austria #sc2 Show match - News - United Kingdom - ESL - The eSports League esl
I'm in love with the new version Greyson did in Asia for HOTTN
will you also autograph digital versions? (tho i will also get a physical one)
TwSIG Meg Stuart Instructional Technologist. Great overview to
Powerful piece. Thanks for underlining it as an impt read.
lol I know. It was supposed to be funny. :/
Chi-Town stand up
God bless the driver that just walked in to my office<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> I honestly thing I just fell in love lmao
Hey it's BK, Alcatraz closed on this day 1963. Are you watching the new show about the famed prison?
I have been trying to figure out what our accent is like or where this accent comes from.
any amount will help us out greatly. You're such a doll <U+2764>
twitter is a lil slice of reality,, CERTAIN people need to realize LIFE is a big slice of reality
omg that's awesome!!! I think ut Austin has a good program too, and I love that there are some so close to here!!
What's on the Pandora's Box pizza, and how do you make it? Paul cooks up a special treat at Extreme Pizza, this Sat (6/12/10) @ 5:30pm.
Watching Shark Tank from the beginning, Crazy! A guy wants $ to implant a blu tooth devices near peoples ears LOL.will he get the $ ?
A: demand for factoids & human interest stories about increased (Brian Eckert)
through chapter 9
haha I know, I'd love to see someone try to actually use one
Seriously...the pressure is on!
Not to be on a hip-hop rant every day, but #LittleBrother put out music that never gets stale to me. #GoodClothes is my all-time #1 by them.
can u hook me up with a couple rolls of toothpaste
How about Asian friends. LOL RT : Wishing a very Merry Christmas to my friends in Asia!
Hey everyone! Check out my site for updates on what I'm doing...sarahacconcia.com
I enjoy cuttin' up each night with Tom, the #281 bus driver.
haha it's cool. Unfortunately, we're running out of options. Industry wants people to ride 29ers. End of story.
I can think of worse things...although that depends on what you're having for dinner. ;-)
Let's sponsor a bill!
Taxes are done!
I got to listen to more of cassidy.
okay ill DM u
Whats good it's Mike Troutman from
hate comments.
Dear loud group of people that assemble every morning at Coffee Bean: enough
Last class in New York state!
one way ticket to hell.
<stretches> now THAT I what I call sleeping in!
The very last song on #DreamChasers2 and racked up shawty da best songs
Yesir. Do u know what Im talking about? It was from Answer the Question Jerk a few wks ago (same day Wassell gave date recap)
. is at #1525NewtonStNW serving up a hot lunch today. They're volunteer driven, you should check them out!
Ugh! Stupid book.
Three days left in spring break. :-| Back to work Monday.
aha mkay then x)
well there's not abs
Mets win. Rangers win. And my buddy on #MomCaves. (Whoa!) Great Saturday. And tmw juicy steaks with mom.
Monday...cleaner's trip. A must.
FRIDAY: Bealefeld retirement; plus Werdesheim verdicts, DNA & the police, w/ Prof. David Gray , noon-2 pm
The Decatur Book Fest beckons. Erudites, bookworms, artists, explorers, come one, come all! See you at our booth.
This night is going by so effing slow
If I didn't know anything about history, and just heard this music, I'd think the 30s and 40s were super-fun.
just got done eating lol
Awww how cute
Great Dio tune.....
thank you
"humanity i love you because when you're hard up you pawn your intelligence to buy a drink" - E.E. Cummings
our sportswear team did an incredible job on those!!!
Awesome Patrice! Congratulations to you both.
Listening to Elvis's "be my good luck charm".
RT they say Michael Jacksons lasts words were take me to the childrens hospital
is on a bitching-spree!
MT David Phelps got his 1st MLB win today as the Yankees beat the Orioles 8-5 :) ...<<Congrats...well deserved...!
WHAT!!!? girl wtf u waiting for!!? That shit is the best show on TV right now. It just had it's season finale too
pick up sticks and jamba juice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Check our Facebook for a video of Joe from singing on our song "Jane" last night
the Beliebers we are like family to where you are in a time of tears and joys your uplifting us with just a smile thanks for everything
Jane & Nick!
'Xtina Is Our Naughty School Girl? LOL but we all know who the original naughty school girl right? #BritneyBitch!
oh no :( They do have gluten free and vegan options...
#MLB looking to ban drinking in clubhouses...Senators urging to ban smokeless tobacco in MLB?!? Seriously?!?
My girlfriend is hilarious . She is amazing
both are resting...
Check out Kay.Tunes www.iamkaytunes.com
can get from proquest diss db; if u want to read or borrow, happy to share this and more related material. closest library = me :)
got some soul trax wutz your email?
whats going on with my daughter
Life is like a camera. Focus only on what is important and you will capture it perfectly.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill
at this coffeeshop two pairs of men have the same haircut. One pair is friends the other just haircut dopplegangers
What about the reverse theory that if you lower working class's taxes, you can pay them less?
- check out with the full-court press! :D
he used to be a killer for the suns. He can play
I love dudes who can dance.
The first product Motorola started to develop was a record player for automobiles.
productsample Thanks for the follow!
": Yeah bra my quad gets gucci " oh no doubt.
Homeless shelters are busy this time of year. Don't add your family to their guest list when you cook the turkey on Thanksgiving.
In the words of jaxon maximas ''my girl ugly'' ''jasen you a girl, you pretty''
they been getting dumped on, someone had to make sure everything was alright
why don't you stay longer? Lol and BTW I would have def gone with you -___-
happy birthday and i wish u many more!:)
Web Training. Oh yea
thanks for the retweet!
Tired. Midterms starts next week. Yay??
forreal! She is just mad
I mean, who needs parody accounts when the real thing is a walking caricature anyway? This shit doesn't need a writer, it writes itself.
I enjoy watching homeowners talk about how they fight for space/time in their bathrooms. We have 1 bathroom & have never fought 4 a shower.
really shannon so imma bitch now smh i gotchu
It's official: you know you're back in-season when you hear the music on #MLSLive at halftime :-)
": Hello you do have a big booty?"
please please please, reply to this tweet, and yu will not have to reply to any of my tweets. "How do yu jump so high?????
hey guys <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A> I'm all for it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> Saturday?
offseason to do list... watch some of the 60 or so movies I have lying around on DVD unwatched. Currently 2 movies in... approx. 58 to go
Time to take dog out, then off 2 bed
Ref question on the origin of the cocktail, the "alabama slammer". Anyone have a fun story that they can share? Was it a UA thing? When?
I am on the fence on will he walk the walk - a big supporter I have been very disappointed in him. Real Change ?? We will see. If he helps
Ignorant ppl these dayz
I would LOVE LOVE LOVE to see 3oh!3 in concert.
I really am procrastinating the smallest things. #getonit L!
Since when is #McDonalds breakfast such a power struggle? I get there at 10:28am, the signs are still up and the lady was a total cow to me.
I'm just now going thru it essentially for the first time thanks to netflix instant. Been watching at least one a day.
The Scream sells for $119 MILLION DOLLARS. A painting. I hope it makes the buyer happy. Very happy. I'd be happy with a reproduction
oh my gosh you're too kind!! Seven hugs for you.
Get ready for another hot & steamy week, folks!
Sierra at Tahoe is so full...it closed off for the day1. Well, it was a nice drive.
I know with those people outside taking orders
I don;t know :-/ SUCKS!
um...have you heard of Clinton? Bush?
SECO International welcomes all attendees to SECO 2012. Don't forget to check in from your smartphone during your visit.
but if conservative values were pursued from the beginning we would not be having a problem, bush was no conservative
Next booth over, two teenage girls are talking religion - heaven, demons, being reborn, punishment, evil, and creation. Love the intensity!
Come my people & cheer. For the will punish the #LAGalaxy for their inequity. It will be the end of the world as they know it.
What is the most classic guitar model?
Congrats U 2 ! Enjoy the ride...awesome!
Lucky to be in DC to see the The Art of Video Games at American Art
I keep running "School Days" over and over again in my head
CAN U PLZ ADD ME ON FACEBOOK!!!! AND FOLLOW ME!!!!! PLZZZ :D
That's what we like to hear - the revelers having a good time! RT : Full House at the Xmas Show! Will be a blast!
i am blaming allergies
hey I just pet you, and this is crazy, where's the vets number, cause you have rabies
urgh they're making me mad! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
On one hand, I gain (undue) credibility from some just because I'm a male SLP.
"Intelligence plus character--that is the goal of true education." --Martin Luther King, Jr.
Craft.....that's my personal release.
I think baby cuddles are much better than pizza and sugar. and I will come out ahead on this deal. :)
Getting ready to watch friday dance break on fox 10
Creativity, not normality, has become the paradigm of mental health
Started hooping again I'm always hungry again <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
So who's enjoying this gorgeous Maui day for the Hyundai tournament?
GIRLS:If you dont give him your undivine attention then dont expect to get his
<Flavor Flav voice> Wow. Floyd got off 3x as many HEAD SHOTS as Cotto did? Daaaayum!!!!
what channel ? :$
If you are living your life not giving a F, You are living a LI_E.
Are You Going Crazy? Maybe It&#39;s Just Menopause ...
Swoon time. Cloney just arrived. I think he's got a great shot for Best Actor. ----Michael
what can I say? I am helpful. I mean, you may be weird and asian, but you are still my friend.
I wish I was at the concert!
Halleluja : Thank you Jesus for helping me find my phone I lost on the beach!
It will be awesome
you acting like one! But have a good day, & tell your friends not to ride me soo hard!
Wow! Thank you!
there should be a good amount of people there.
lol yes haha totally xD but It's kinda weird hugging strangers.
We're at the Generous Helpings Patron Party
You may have one or both conditions for several years without noticing anything
Thanks bro. Let me know if you need tickets and we'll make it happen.
The Mayor is shutting down his comments. Madigan just walked out. Rahm: Thanks for leadership, allowing me to address.
If I posted "the cat's out of the bag" I bet people would think a big secret got out. But what if the cat really did get out of the bag?
Breakfast time, its breakfast time! Feed your body, feed your mind! Make your muscles big and strong. Keeps ya going all day long! :).
I honeslty LAUGH at niggas who THINK they have game.
Jesus christ dad. Shut the fuck up.
Catch me on club kiss tonight from midnight to 1am on 1035 kiss fm Chicago & 1035kissfm.com!
Kidnapping is such a strong word, I prefer to think of it as Surprise Adoption
RIP Junior Seau
You gotta love this technology.
Please excuse my hands..
We got a ring #new york giants. Makes even this cynical ny'ers heart melt. Go giants :)
what's that stylus you're using with the #iPad ?
Ah Monday! Come and enjoy a great happy hour from 4-6. .89 oysters and $6 martinis! Promise of no Packer Talk!
with for a cut from Always the best!
You NEED a hot VERSE for a CHICK? Help on your hook!!! NEW SONG COMPLETELY? WE TAKING OVA! #TeamTakeOVER She's a beast yall.. RT
various levels of relevance - systematic -> affective. how do we get beyond word matching?
GOD im finally online.I was sick these few days.Feeling better now.
i'd feel all akward :d lol
:) WOOT! Today it is MAKE, tomorrow it is SELL, Sunday it is REST.
thats the way to take care of business.
R.I.P. Russ Garcia
About to go see Transformers in 3D!! I'm excited!!! <U+E057>
lmmfao!!! T i want to eat this joint so bad but im lookn at this clock like it's too late to be eatn this shizz
Dick in yo face put my dick yoooo face!
You don't watch soccer, Nick Janes
Dinh: "I google stuff myself."
Thank you! ^^
You're like a broken vending machine. Every time I go to bang on u something pops out :P
There is no luck except where there is discipline. - Irish Proverb
2 berets? RT I felt like ferris bueller two days ago cuz I was wearing a beret,cheetah rimmed glasses and a beret!
It's gonna be on and poppin' tonight with at
We can't even handle this hotness
Poised Creation has began developing a network of photographers!!!
We are now incorporated! We can now state that our name is Allerent Consulting Inc.
Also, you'd probably like to request to be of the legal drinking age. DD + Beer = Love
Firing McCrystal is the dumbest thing Gates and Obama could have done yesterday. McCrystal is widely respects by the troops and his peers
very nervous, im shivering o_____o
In da SEL @ club Entourage gettin wasted having a ball! Video shoot about to go down for Nat T... I love this city! They show so much love!
Mitt, you CAN'T single-handedly repeal the Affordable Care Act. But you CAN keep pandering to the low-information voter.
When will they understand to learn you must live :/
every last one of them
"You don't get to old being no fool. There's a whole lot of young wise men that are deader than a MF" Mudbone aka Richard Pryor
Ha! That last tweet got me RT'd by a Juggalo bot. Great.
Lays potato chips now has BLT flavored chips?
I understand wat u feelin' right now I totally agree
Nice. What you going to talk about?? RT : Filling in for Bob Lonsberry on Friday on 11a-2p. Tune in!
Anyone see #Colombiana yet? Curious if its worth seeing in theaters?
At our North Location we are participating in Casady Square's Side Walk Sale!!! Stop by and see what we have going on!!
at least my flats have tread because I don't burnout as quick as you do bud
Ok. Since I broke a promise, I'll have three posts coming your way!
a pool would be nice. You still like to swim? :)
I love getting questions from other youth pastors & leaders who have a true desires to reach their students.. Honored!
You bet! Try an stay active over the Thanksgiving weekend & keep moving :-)
Holy crap, is on Twitter. Burn your Rolodexes!
I'm okay. My day has been a thumbs down so far. I'm just going to be optimistic & say it goes up from here. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> How's school?
Casting for Peter Piper Pizza right now. Whoo lots of principals!!!
Haha. Fair enough :)
Thought it was incredibly well written piece with the only exception being the TeamRanking mention which 2 me was very unclear
: Gause's mother or grandmother received a text message from Gause saying she had been home in Lithia Springs most of the night?
Small update on Thor: He will go back to Norway to get treatment there in two weeks @ Ullevål Univeritetsykehus.
it def will, thank you for your prayers.
Nice. Can I trade homes w/ them..?
10:24am. Cravings for sour patch kids and other road trip snacks have begun.
Red Land High School third marking period honor roll
Ducati wipe out at Ward Pkwy and Meyer circle... Fire and medical on way guy looked confused
Splash on your bitch
I was just mentioned in the same #ff tweet as , even though her hair is far better than mine.
RT : Thanks for an idea for my next article! RT : But we MUST train mentors on how to mentor!
A job is about your next paycheck; a career is about next year's paychecks.
none?:( well alright!:/
I waited to wake from this nightmare I realized that three days had past My family was not on the roof We had finally been rescued at last.
When #Chuck Norris throws a boomerang, the boomerang does not return because it is scared to come back.
Gah, I love him soo much ..
Hope the this weather doesn't stick around for St. Patricks Day. I don't want to run 4 miles in this! (But I will!)
That's right! RT you know it!:-D I'll tell him his son-in-law says "Sup Pops!" lol;)
With so many different teeth whitening methods, you can be overwhelmed with choices. What methods have you tried for whiter teeth?
you're never up for conversation so why should I follow you?
there's a very unpracticed tuba band somewhere in my hood playing a violent femmes song right now.
Thanks Hounddog, we miss you!
So mad right now!!!!
Great website and I love your icon as well ;-)
Cubicle-wall neighbor humming & belting out mushed-up lyrics every few mins. Seems to think since she had an MRI, she got a license to CRAZY
just make sure u make your flight on weds! Dick.
God loves us unconditionally no matter what.i love it!:D HE>i
Who else is heading to the #crunchies tomorrow night?
get a chance to talk to me! on skype! my email: my user: pedro.bateta1
That moment where you feel someone stare at your ass.
I miss Charmed
So Excited For Ari's Live Chat <3
Smile, it’s contagious!
Teacher: Why don't you have your home work? You: I'm leading a protest on tree abuse, what did the trees ever do to you?
why chellz look like a R&B star lol
Best of luck in California!
I want biscuits....
And I SHOULD be doing homework...
the bird is just being a bird. stop hatin on the bird
Yup. And winners will be announced from those, too. Business gets taken care of - so feel free to relax ;)
I can't say shit about that bc I'm guilty lol :P
so ready for a new season. Tony Lucca messed up the integrity of season 2
What are your plans for St. Patrick's Day? :)
Thanks man!
": Today I will control what I can control and let nothing sabotage my hustle. Let's go!" Tell it...over and over!
Today I learned the importance of remembering to eat.
writing him in...sweet. I'll do the same.
Good start to the summer for Virginia Elite 15,16 and 17 boys.
WE NEED YOUR HELP to shout out auto-search #travel, itinerary, map, weather, exp reps, drag/drop changes
RT : wow, soul n the hole was a fawking classic my G (True story)
"Didn't you see it on Facebook?" -the new "Must've gotten lost in the mail." Both far less likely than we force ourselves to believe.
On a desert field trip, some Albuquerque seventh-graders found a 900-year-old pot. "It was like a gray pot, with zig-zag stripes," said one.
RT : #overheard "Faulkner on a Kindle just wouldn't be right."
At the most we may only have 1player from last year's team, so they don't have much memory about our performance in that championship game.
Had a great time last night at the Cindy Sherman opening at MoMA. Unequivocally a show not to be missed!
They want more? Well I'll give them more.
Who's going to the walk tomorrow?
after watching your solo on the NYC DVD, I have come to realize that you are a drum god! Thanks for the epic performance! (:
Infamous is bad
Just got to hope we have a good and fast game to night!
look like you slacking lol
Enjoyed a morning at Crane Beach in Ipswich, MA. Still on set for an AT&T commercial for the day! Gotta love it! Life is good!
QT disowned Natural Born Killers b/c of what Stone did to his script. Jackie Brown one of the most underrated films of 90s
Philadelphia looks a lot like Seattle today. Overcast and gray.
Thanks for the tweet!
I was super bummed wasn't at the matinee today, but the girl who went on for her was outstanding.
Will the new Vikes stadium have any chance of getting WrestleMania?
I didn't overeat at TG because I'm not a fan of that food but I went to Pete & Betty's yester and had a dessert orgy u were missd
: Make sure you're all calling whatever radio station you're listening to tonight an let them know you wanna hear #HONESTLY ...
Ya, being behind the camera is fun... It's adrenalin and red bull.
Also big shout out to our manager #PrettyFlyForABigGuy [F.G.C x SG]
#truth (I used to live there, and am a UNC grad....this makes me sick)
Working at Bar Louie Wate St.
Boy: She's hot. Girl: She's a b-tch . Girl: He's hot. Boy: He's gay."
good morning tuesday :-)
Photoshoot today with for Smash Magazine and then one next week for Tatted up magazine! Who's stoked?!?!?
Foster just ripped one
It's depressing laying in bed, staring at the ceiling, fighting sleep, because you aren't here.
DO IT
We had a good time though. Gotta love the Sip
I've been sitting in this recliner ALL day putting ice on my cheeks cause that's all I can do all freakin weekend /:
Just another beautiful spring day here in the big city!
The best feeling is knowing the girl of your dreams is the girl in your arms
yeah man! That's gonna be one bad house. We all def gotta link up over there.
I don't love you, but I need you.
just goes to show that anything's possible in this crazy work we live in ;)
I just really wanna kiss goodnight and wish him sweet dreams.
Happy B"earthday" to - Love you Nephew!
Wanted to go to bed early 2nite but up watching American Horror Story on FX. Crazy show but I like!
Confessions on a Dancefloor<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
Hahaha....possibly. Actually, Ms. Rossi, I'm interested in employing new marketing strategies to help develop my VO business.
Happy mothers day to all
Hey! Thanks for the follow!
The upside of this morning's funk: my monolog from Titus Andronicus never sounded so good.
Everyone Enjoy your #Weekend :)
nice cupcake picture! My sweet potato one was awesome & it kind of counts as a vegetable, right? Say yes.
or how about when Ivy was dressed to go on & Karen came back all BAM - in your face like as Marilyn?
3/4 of is facebook friends with me. it's your turn
Absolutely. Will you be around the whole show?
Praying for pastors of The NW Believing for greater and deeper things!
Please update us... Multiple people have checked and were unable to identify this siuation.
gotta work man :(
I hate all the shoobie newyorkers at the beach
Good morning people
Walking in the rain c:
I just realized I don't buy groceries any more, just take out. Chick-A-Fil-A, Mongolian Grill, Five Guys...
your my lover for life
Haha, ok, What kind of music do you like?
Naps are the best thing.
I feel sad.
have an outstanding support ticket from February 14th. Have not had a response since March 15th. Case #: 00379552
you're on the east coast?? Where?? I'm in Boston.
How You Been ?
Never trust a girl whose got nothing on
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does
Got a stain on your child's favorite shirt? Tie dye it! The stain will be covered, and it's like having a new shirt.
May the fourth be with you ...
I guess I'm not special anymore.
Great run by Jeremy Lin. Hopefully the absurd, overly analytical coverage will stop and we can just watch the kid play.
3 hours later and the Internet is back up!! I really need some good luck thrown at me!
Doing my research most of these rappers call police and hide behind security while they lead our youth into senseless violence.
Sleep tight. Rest well. Breathe in the energy of the audience. Sing it back. Let it shine through your soul. ENJOY!
I think you are wonderful and so is that.
due to a change in management for DRUGS we're working on rescheduling the interview for a later date. Get ready for this weekend BIG THINGS!
tea and fig rolls for breakfast.. the british kind
u are too funny..I see that u like to take care of ur cute face..lol are u on yahoo?
Shoe Game Gotta B Right!
This is my daily #RonPaul tweet encouraging supporters, decrying bias, spreading truth and promoting #liberty in 140 characters or fewer...
and it's funny, when we finally respond how folks then trot our how civility of discourse and respect is missing in that response
waiting on fray
Hang in there, faith. I'm sure your collab will be brilliant.
that's no help. Ill see what I can come up with. :)
Finished 3 theory projects in a day, mixed down 2 recitals. Ready to take on the next crazy 4 days at school. Finals are a two week event <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
boo...the pix is crazy hot...what u tryna do 2 kats???...lol
“All journeys have secret destinations of which the traveler is unaware.” –Martin Buber
He banged Snow White, Sleeping Beauty, Rapunzel and Cinderella. So how is Prince Charming any different than any other playa?
Microsoft 4GB Xbox 360 and Kinect sensor for only $99, but you have to sign up for 2-year online service for $15/month
Today in 1941 the Empire of Japan attacked Pearl Harbor
Stick a fork in them
Voldemort has a beer belly <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>
Hey! You can issue your three turds to Issa if you want.
follow back? ;)
Haha sweetheart please try and not let your brain wonder too far its much to small to be out there all by it self.
wasn't directed toward you......
Great game tonight Fabri! Go Spurs Go!!
come out to my bday bash tomorrow nite at noche
Tell Dan it's Hos-a not Hose-a!
Win VIP tickets for Stags v York showdown - Mansfield Chad
dont drive ddrunk or u get vigilante justice
omg lies!
"2011 American Idol...Scotty Mcreery!" How does that sound? G R E A T!!!!!
Venus and Mars
When people tell me that I need to move on <
Thank you again for the Tickle and Boogie Monster books! The kids really loved them - will send you some picks. Cheers
Note to self: Washington State is right over the river. Go more often :)
can you please tell me what's wrong!?!
USCA, 2d Cir. delivers opinion in Penguin Group v. American Buddha case concerning issues of jurisdiction in copyright infringement cases.
We'll have our brand new line of tees for men and women up within the next few weeks! Get excited!
Today is just a BLAH day!
So sorry for errant tweets! Thanks for heads-up!
now that i have successfully scrubbed all the paint/ saw dust from my body i can relax.
and Kathy took me to a church bake sale, and a little not much older than myself had baked and decorated a cake really well, and I wanted
"Rain" was the first song to use a tape played backwards, which created the strange audio effect.
"I gave you things you couldn't even pronounce." How great of a line is that?
Kudos to , a young, award winning craft beer brewer, for paying homage to Don Covington, an early North Park revivalist.
Be Massive!! Official viewing party for #thecrew Saturday at 2:00. Enter to win tickets to an upcoming game! Jameson specials all day.
After all these years of never making it past the Can Can, Alibi, or Il Bistro, taking the fiance to for her B Day!
Bad dreams suck ESP when it waking up alone
#TrampledByTurtles on letterman!
I feel you
lesbians look like Justin beiber
Still filling out apps like crazy...need a second job #ASAP !!!!!!!!!!
And there are few things funnier than a "turn off your cellphone" PSA financed by a phone company.
i wish i was seeing you on tour! oh well. Have fun! :)
So what will the MIN WR corps look like? X Berrian Z Harvin, Harvin moves to Y in 3WR sets w/ Jenkins? Did they sign Aroma?
Through 3 quarters, this might be one of the finest games the #Thunder have put together all season. Definitely impressed!
Images of 1940 US Population Census will be released April, 2012 following a 72 year embargo. Great for historians and genealogists!
I didn't get groped by TSA agents, not going to lie I am a little disappoint. What am I not pretty enough?
typical. is a
these things happen.
Rare is the day I get everything finished that I was hoping to at the start of it
#fuck i guess hashtags can't handle apostrophes.
it's in columns by MT "Hey, isn't Francona writing a book with Shaughnessy? Shouldn't that be mentioned...?"
Flogging Molly >
I know it well... Have 3 of them. Great notebooks with small rule. I really do love to write stuff down :)
Sending love from our family to yours!
HEY, I'm in school till the 31st. Not summer yet!
So Gov Perry takes full credit for the jobs when Texas employment increases, but when it starts to decline it is all the fault of Obama.
Tomorrow is Friday. .. nah really?
When someone screams at u over something stupid and u start laughing, it doesnt help the situation...but it gets funnier
already following, follow back? please.. :)
IRA came in today to see us... this girl is flawless, folks! Now it's NYC, Milano, Russia, back to LA
RT Think out side the box
I got 99 problems and they're all bitches!!!
are you gonna be at the press conference at Radio City tomorrow?
OK, I was wrong. Texas got in.
When writing a Daytona 500 folo back in the day, 'twas always an inspiration.
Have a great day! “Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision”
Hey, Al Gore, it's almost May, and it's snowing. Fuck you
Can't lie. Just saw a dude carrying a case of O'Doul's.
Hey yo you spit words of venom like you strong as a gorilla/Surfboard riding mother
Observation from my first semester of internship: I like cataloging mongraphs!
Our friends at John Tyler have TWO new 3-D printers coming in soon! Road trip to see them in action?
what phone will you get?
I love watching u on chelsea lately shes hilarious and " be there tonight at seven"!hahha
i think i wanna dye my hair back to red !
RT <3 Came to the northeast to house I miss this place /: tehee
yeah goodluck to yall too. Hope to see ya in the championship.
In Louisville, waiting on my beautiful counterpart from , here we come!
Top of the day "Once an for all" sing through inspires a spontaneous pushup contest. I love this cast. It's 15mins into the day.
that's mean.
I hope Christopher Bosh is ok. I don't want any excuses from Heat Groupies
Not from The Onion. RT : PETA whale-slavery lawsuit against SeaWorld dismissed. Judge rules 13th amendment applies only to humans.
Hi Ivan just wanted 2 say Hi nd hows life... Sincerely Miranda <3
bye bye+++6
We did! Who knew Odwalla was owned by Coke? Tell Tia Georgetown says hi! /te
insomnia - you are an evil bitch.
deffff, we could do either..or both. (:
BANDS: Send your Top 10 (or 5) album lists to by today to be included in our next year-end roundup blog!
expand their international networking territory 2 level the global filmmaking playing field
Hey you. Love ya
If it gets hung I'm moving out.
here's my number,716-462-9151, so call me maybe
This morning dove is still chirpin' outside my window. Get with it bird, it's 2:30! Or adapt an afternoon call.
damn you jack! Why do u like all of the teams I hate?! we can't hit the damn ball!!
ahaaahaha i really should be hooked on phonics (x.
hmm now u have a positive comment <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
question from a long-time fan: why don't you play "Satan Gave Me a Taco" anymore?
Damn your hot TeamBreezy
needs to take a trip far away because these bitches need their space.
Yeah thank goodness! The prevailing sanity here is reassuring ;)
I don't even know how to swim Ima be in the jacuzzi
Abode Connect allows ypu to poll and chat at the same time.
Need an experienced and affordable family law attorney? Call us today! 619.338.9500
Not only do I think the Coyotes' location is bad (in the desert) but they have the least supportive fan base. Give them to a city that cares
Working next door to a LatteLand every day is going to require a "depth charge" line item on the budget spreadsheet.
SayBayBee offers Custom Baby Registries online! We can service your needs right where you are!
Anybody have some Asian dance or musical skills and want to perform at the C'ville Festival of Cultures on May 8th? Email
Warm in sf at 6pm??? Maybe summer is here? Sweet!!
email us details please, and we'll work to sort this out for you
lol where are you so anxious to go
safe journeys!
“: I'll let him know, but I doubt he'll come. He can't get comfortable in the car.” I will fireman carry him
So when do you arrive?
wow. Conor Rhoda has struck out nine in a row for Cretin v Mounds View. Oh, make that ten. Remarkable.
I loved it but I just couldn't stop crying!!
thanks! you rock
still as sexy as when I first heard you flow. damn keep up the good work.
Thanks so much!
and then there was sleep.
Stubbs sucks
At the Greek festival in Hartford CT.
thanks for the follow.
what in Orlando? Aawww I used to come to your city to go to the park y'all got there
Many times reciprocated. I can't wait to see you again! RT : I do love and I can't deny it.
hello world
Don't just keep it all for yourself....INSPIRE!
OMG! You're So Cute(:
Polls close in three minutes and the pizza in the newsroom has been decimated
Glad to share. Good luck! :)
#GovWalker has declared today "State Employee Recognition Day," saying "state employees do great work to serve their fellow citizens."
If your engagement ring comes from walmart, you might want to rethink the marriage
We laid on the roof in the darkness The windows were crashing below I kept praying the water stop rising We had no where else left to go.
a ton of stuff a new iPod, bracelet, CDs, gift cards and yeahh what about you?
Wow we are excellent.
2 goals for this weekend... Goal 1: finish revising Temporary Sanctuary Goal 2: beat Ganon in The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past
im going to get a bunny or a puppy. i want something to love me
has inspired me so much(:
pizza, boobs, and poker always a nice way to end the evening. Company isn't bad either.
we won't fall, because its easy to get!
Developing RIver Pointe iPhone app via iLike. Be on the lookout.
this is something I have been doing already but love your article so wanted to share & get others decluttering their head :)
About to be on Outside the Loop on WLUW 88.7fm to talk about the Zine Fest only eight days away!
"We don't need a world of "A" students. I'm a "C-", myself." Duck Dynasty
Disappointed that I'll be missing 3 tonight due to The Cold That Won't Let Go. :( Y'all have fun!
This is belated but happy 1st San Franiversary!!!! Hope the 2nd year is super duper lovely. You rock! :)
Nice pic and article, Jeff!
Happy to celebrate #BLOOMSDAY with Plays & Players , and
My mouth is watering at the thought of this bbq I'm about to go to :x
RT West Craven girls seniors went from 0-23 as freshmen to 26-0 as seniors. Great coaching by ,,,great job Dave
take a walk around Lake of the Isles when the sun comes out.
guns n' herpes herpes n' roses
Additionally, I think your article is wrong to suggest he shouldn't fight back against SuperPAC attack ads. He has no choice.
Not acceptable. Please DM your address and we'll investigate.
you guys are awesome! Aloha!
is it oil or watercolor, looks like it's oil. I love it!
thanks mama...appreciate it...lol!
I'm so proud of you Lalo......CiCi
Look for cheer-y this rainy day at #cua...Pangborn basement level ENGR prof decorates his office door!
Good morning Tweeps! Who do you know wants to buy or sell a house? Great inventory; now is the time...interest rates on the rise!
me me!
Keep your eyes on the final hour...
Ex Parte Motion to Continue Trial Date in California
i cuddle with u (: cause ime COLD too
If you could give one business tip to a new up and coming small business owner, what would it be? Let us know!
LOL at these little Twitter teenieboppers who try to get mad and go off on Twitter and then they wanna block you.
I won't
Ratchett, you tell yo baby to finish eating her noodles O_o..... Its 8am thats lunch food, malnourished...
Very excited. Interviewing digital media supervisor at Corning Museum of Glass today for course research. Should be interesting convo.
Hey it's BK, Whats your favorite meat on a stick? If you must digress, ok, favorite Fiesta food? Viva Fiesta!
CHECK YA EMAIL BRO SENT IT
Catch me on MadMic radio this Saturday night 6-9PM. I'll be bringing it to the studio and catching up with what's happening for me in 2012!
I'm just glad I ran 5 miles BEFORE the meal.
In 5 min
Was feeling a little twink for a hot minute next to guys like I gained about 5lbs of muscle in 2 weeks. Thanks Patrick!
Viking Football is ready to take on the 2010 season! The first home game is Oct. 2 vs. Idaho State. Students attend for free! goviks.com
Hey curiosity seekers, what are your shopping plans for black Friday? Where would you like to see us? Let us know your thoughts.
I still bump album "The Cool". Straight fire
haha, Yeahh! I use the fast wheel so I end up getting clay everywhere. lol
RT : There's a helicopter above me in west Ft. Lauderdale. Peyton Manning must be in the neighborhood.
What are the best Nike women shoes to get ?
had a good day today with my niggas always good cant wait for the weekend
#FollowFriday to the #DoGood tweeps out there :) Enjoy the weekend!
u dnt let me ;)
Just tweeted from the wrong account for the first time. Oops! *I* wish I could join in the unconference at ALA tomorrow.
RT Don't let people you care about pass you by, because one day they won't be there anymore... TRUE
Rachel C. was awesome!! #icantgetnosatisfaction :)
I would worry about you coming down here---you'd likely get a staph infection. For realz, yo.
Can you answer my question as direct as I asked it. What is the fear of being direct rather than have to be interpreted?
Happy 1st Day of May!!
that gross. It sounds like it would hurt
#centralpark - one of the best places to gather my thoughts, relax and write.
we'll be here! I think tomorrow may be a Jammies day for us so pardon our being dressed down! :)
Halfway to #erl12... I'd forgotten how much I dislike big, busy airports
You can't write something into a contract that isn't legal. Sorry kids, you just can't.
Yes, is always inspiring to read! Read his book Quitter. :)
Thank you, we're looking forward to seeing the game courtesy of Dunkin Donuts!
I do think the iPhone should have the shatterproof shield built in rather than sold separately. If it were up to me. :)
wasn't even sure was a town but I knew it was a university) and it was bugging me so I had my dad look it up and he listed a
That is part of it Rachel! But it's more me not actually thinking I'm friends with them. I'm keeping distant from them.
Not a very timely tweet, but I really enjoyed 's presentation to the #HamiltonCounty chambers of commerce.
I always get nervous when I see there is 1 watcher/fork on my private repos until I remember that it means me.
#Bass needs to take it easy with the shooting. When it's off, it's off.
do you know who starts for Boston Sat?
YOU ARE THE BEST!
The pipes on this kid!
Been puttin in apps everywhere....n still no get back nigga need a job
so 120V & USB & what else?
Whatever, fuck you guys. I'll cry myself to sleep.
Who is going to be doing a #HappyDance when finals are over?
I voted for you!!!
Ha ha ha. it truly was one of the #bestpranksever if only for the sheer amount of manual labor that went into pulling it off
DRIFTING- WITHOUT AIM OR PURPOSE- IS THE FIRST CAUSE OF FAILURE. ~NHill
marquez vs diaz is a good fight
An ass is but an ass, though laden with gold.
Going out!
My colleagues and I are literally playing with hotwheels tracks; and #expowest in just days away. Must be Friday!
Im about to watch The Sitter then im gonna finish reading this good ass book
Off to Cape Girardeau Friday! :)
What's up to the
A Review of the Phoenix, in Seaford
probably a good idea. he's a stand up kinda guy
Wasn't that guaranteed?
So excited for Vegas on Friday. Insomnia.
Smith-Rowsey: really dealing with how smartphones create a frame around activism that elide the imperial capitalist roots of device
The Cookin' Tunes recital was cancelled-- power outage on the West Side, last week! The recital is set for MAY 16th 7pm @ Grandma's!
Umm. Joe's wife causally dropped an "im from England" response to "where are you from?" ps - she moved here at age 8.
Just saw a pic of Miley Cyrus hitting a bong
GUYS ! FOLLOW MY COUSIN . > . Your TL WILL BE BOOMIN . (:
Thank you! As are you! :D
- Hey Lady Gaga -- I completely agree moving forward feels much better than standing still or going backwards -- Yes!!
Good one.. one armed Rondo!
RT : Q1: The more we make things become "crisis" the less we actually understand what a crisis is. It changes our response
Today my friend and I are going to three yarn shops so she can put up flyers for a play she is in called Loose Knit! I'm so excited!
I really need something to do tonight.
I swear my job is like my family.. Everybody is an actor, singer, dancer etc.. Ppl getting roles.. Signing record deals.. It's inspiring..
JON HAMM IS AT CHELSEA CINEMAS. WHAT THE FUCK.
where are you looking big guy?
I hate everything
I'd like to lay on the couch and not move now, please.
i got you
Only God can judge me
that sounds wonderful! Let's make sure to find each other. Safe travels!
Be who you are. Love ur life & smile every day. Never change cause someone wants u to. You r loved beyond all measure exactly the way u are!
Republican Teabagger Rick Santorum s a phony using the same playbook where is the president obama used to describe his grandfather plights
My little sisters FUNNY Whats a Gspot? Its a sensitive spot. What it do? Well its a spot THAT MAKES YOU HAPPY WHEN YOU SAD??!
Early morning facepalm: "Message: Action 'doesRoleNameExist' does not exist and was not trapped in __call()"
40% off all SALE Merchandise!!! Now through the 18th!! We also have our student discount through Jan. as well... stop in to check it out!!
And only $5pp! “: Don't forget our quickie cocktail class THIS FRIDAY! Sign up b4 all the spots r gone!”
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
Seahawks are getting a new Quarterback and he's not old and washed up like that Peyton Manning guy. Welcome to Seattle.
Nice! I'm actually driving down, lol RT : Just got the car rental for Tampa.
No tort reform, just hot Air...Nothing new
SHHHH! DAMN MAN! “: I hear actually got assigned to a top secret CIA mission in Kansas City”
Yes, it was stapled to the instruction manual... you got that, right?
Where are some #KidsEatFree places in #gastoncounty?
fctoa this is just the beginning get in now
Sometimes i wish relationships didnt exist, so half of us wouldn't feel like loners #arentweallforeveralone ?
emotional connection is true magic
We're getting old -_-
Its too early to be this irritated..
when the sun sinks down over the the water everything is hotter when the sun goes down
oh man he gets better.
10-1 Awesome. Can't wait for game 5.
Giffords stepping down from Congressional seat, according to Arizona Republic.
Oh my, that wine was rather strong.
I hope you don't miss it
when r u in b'more?
Gouda. A damn fine cheese.
YAY! Congrats to for being voted NJBIZ's #29 Best Places to work in NJ for our employee size! So proud of everyone on the team!
Good evening!! :))
Remembering how nice it is to sit in an empty restaurant with my cocktail, cigarette, and iPod blasting.
idk r u defiantly going
Seriously Thank you for creating Bronzed Beats tanning lotios I just had the best day day of my life in that tanning bed
Many of our #Tarot readers are members of www.tarotprofessionals.com and are able to treat your question in depth and with courtesy. Enjoy!
BTW, your Klisch beer is an amazing pilsner. Miller and Bud are crying.
14,344... that is the total number of songs I have uploaded to Google Music.
relaxing at home
Two El-AL planes carrying 400 Israelis return from Cairo
RIP Adam Yauch. Legend.
[Eph2:10]We are FatherGod's workmanship, created in Christ/Messiah unto good works, which HE has before ordained that we should walk in them
I don't get it
- how you feelin?!
Ironically, vander blue and Wisconsin both would be still playing if he would've chosen Wisconsin
nice one, but I think you're missing some cowbell :)
Thank you! And let us know if we can help you with your accounting and tax questions.
love it xo
In CBS' pre-game analysis, the word "paramount" was used twice in two sentences. It is of paramount importance that they use different words
#ireallywant to find someone who will be worth my time
I was tryna call y'all ": I think that man wrote down the license plates smh"
Without Team unity the Heat suck ass
will the nuggets please turn this warning light off.. its worrying me..
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. ~Theodore Roosevelt
What's your cup size? oh wait.. let me look at your pictures again!
RT: "Apparently everyone has been won for Jesus and our work is done. That must be why no one is at work today." -JerryD
Is that because more time to address the CBA helped reevaluate the worth of draft picks?
Parents wire kids to prove teachers' verbal abuse - Fox News
NO Xplode is changing their formula to a new 2.0 Version. Get the original before it's gone!
it's cold here too. I could come keep you warm though. :)
One more hour.
You have sure been a blessing to us! Love ya much!
Looking forward to speaking at lunch at #TSW2012: "The Fallacy of Failure" - If u want a happy ending, it depends on where u stop the story
I'm not Gunna lie I choked two guys today . They stole my backpack so I had to unleash the wrath beneath me
Sunday Nite dinner with the fam <3 Wing Nite!!!!! :p eat more chicken :)))
Shortcomings of digital tools in scholarship- the move from being a useful book to being just text. Good points from
Dana, Thomas, John and Gustavo have time to talk about tattoos today!!
World tour! Now I'm at Dulles.
Im looking for a uc student or alumni to join (part time) my startup.
Horribly funny. RT : It's mother day.... So, I need to hit up a cemetery and pick up some flowers.....
Thanks guys for the delicious day! RT : Best of Ohio on Ch 411 features local fave Get it while it's hot!
Thanks for the love for they are doing great work!
u stuntin hard don't have me call ur bluff
Stop actin like your friends with everyone I see right threw it, cause me I know everyone and me I'm not acting so people like me
Try that on for size let me tell you something if you mess with then you gotta deal with me ! Call me Ellie !
Big week to start the season for the boys, few more days of practice at , and , first event thursday
HEY FIELDER GOT A HIT!!!!!
My parents are the most annoying people my god
God Mooornign :D
Q and A with the QB, Leader of the Pack Show, Rodgers World, ???
Music to my ears. #GoPack RT There are roughly 90 days before preseason games begin.
JAILED DURING JV'S NO HITTER ... A GAME FROM FOUR YEARS AGO... AH
New bike stuff: riding shoes, headlight and orange triangle for my backpack!
#fridayreads Remarkable Creatures by Chevalier - what a beautifully written book and I love the fossils!
Represent aninini *does whistle sound*
smh that killed me man.. The NBA wouldve looked a lot better giving it to KD ..
New Candidate Search: looking for a Senior Accounting Leader/Government Accounting in Cincinnati, Ohio.
You mavs fans "no matter what" must be annoyed right now?
Come On spring!!!! You"re so close.... the head is crowning push!
Great Beauty Tips: 2) Look for High Lights & Under Tones in Face 3) Always Moisturize Your Face before Applying Makeup
hearing sirens every night makes me feel safe and glad I live off Fairview :)
T:SCC?!?!!? Really? GEEK FAIL.
PLEASE put "Find Myself in a Song" (did I get the title right?) on your next album because I think it'd go #1 & I LOVE IT! :)
This Duke vs Lehigh game is making my blood pressure rise.
Stop by International Connections Lounge TODAY between 10am-3pm to check out the Women of the World Photo Essay
Why would potholes vanish when I play piano? I usually don't even run into potholes when I play piano. :^)
No minor may attend a skating rink unless accompanied by a guardian. We didn't make that law. It's been on the books since 1889. [1944]
Just checking!// RT : nono! just the season finale!
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca~ Anyone can stop a mans life but no one his death a thousand doors open on to it. - Phoenissae
Shah: Risky drug effects crucial to find when 21% of prescriptions offlabel, 73% of them w little evidence, 100K annual drug-adverse deaths.
Great quote! RT : Everything you want is on the other side of fear-Jack Canfield #quotes #rocktheretweet via
Was your thermos/flask glowing in the dark at #WrestleMania? Can you one of those bad boys instead of a flashlight!
from the safety and comfort of the passenger seat?? ;)
Atta boy #JamarRogers!!! One more week down!
Candy Rain!!!
Your icon is really cute! : - )
Good Morning :)
talks about Rabbi Abraham Joshua Heschel. Is anyone taking him to #JTS for ziyarah?
So I guess Newt Gingrich just gave up, Hillary Clinton style. Something those who give up have in common: they didn't want it badly enough.
It's a beautiful day to come down to SECCA! Plus, it's your last chance to check out works by Lilly McElroy. Open until 5:00pm. FREE
Ive lost a few incredible women along the way, I had to get in tune with the rhythm of Gentle - Sonny Long
ha ha yes I had that today
Hey I am casting a tv show about power moms, and would love to chat about it but cant find ur email any where
Charlie & Destinee's presentation is hella funny...
Aptly named Mr. Green Jeans, Brannum appeared as the handyman at the Treasure House on Captain Kangaroo from 1955 to 1984.
ants are the effing worst.
How can I know about next level if I can't buy a god damn shirt.
A British man has been arrested in Spain for drunkenly handing out money to strangers at an airport.
I hate it when hot girls in movies die....
COULD BE COULD BE NOT WHO'S TO SAY? IN MY DANNY GLOVER VOICE. LOVE YA STILL REMIXIN!!! THE BEST!!
my laptop dont wanna show #newtwitter!
followed back(:
i have the best co-owner. thank you :)
#sschat Shannon from KY, work at Ed. Coop and love the chat, I take ideas back and share and encourage our folks to utilize chats & Twitter.
I'm doing a day of shame instead of walk of shame and just wearing the same outfit all day
How are you gonna say somethinglike that ? It ain't even our fault they lost? & your taking it out like that , seems like if it's my fault.
The Jets remind me of the Ravens circa 2005. Super Bowl caliber team with no QB. Sanchez looked horrible tonight
no doubt!
does nothing but blame, nothing but sermonize
- I'll be hitting up Toronado this week for #CBC12, as well. Cheers!
I'm at the combination Pizza House and Taco Bell.
It's not about the numbers! Read, enjoy. That's it! :-)
Stupid Twitter. Somehow I lost you from my following list. :-(
damn ... changing games immediately (MLB.tv)
“: My phone always wins at hide and seek.”
#what2chainzwouldsay dead watch .. I kill time .. Feds watchin I still grind .. got mixtape PUSHED BACK .. Lebron James HAIRLINE!
You're right :) RT lol I I have a pretty good idea of who's in charge of this account ;)
Well if you guys are having another beer, then I guess I'll have one too.
thanks man! Appreciate that 100
people who say "thats not what your mom/dad said last night" are lame af. WHY WERE YOU FUCKING MY MOM/DAD LAST NIGHT?! smfh.
been working film and TV the past few months, doing ok.
BUZZ-KILL
Thanks for all your twitter love. xoxo
A person should never be appointed to a managerial position if his vision focuses on people's weaknesses rather than on their strengths.
And no, we don't know where it will lead. We just know there's something much bigger than any of us here. -- Steve Jobs
Work brings me to l'Auberge Resort in Lake Charles. So I bring my wife and have a nice evening planned.
Popcorn Principle: shut down a poll in webinars when the entries begin to slow down.
It mixes law enforcement & politics leading to unenforceable policies that cost more than they're worth. A cost billed to citizens.
you know it sexy
wishes that DC would die, pls don't kill MARC until u have stg better
What are you up to tonight Miss ?
Please follow me <333333
Hey you're in my neck of the woods! Nice to know there's some Northwest folks out there :)
Excited to begin recording on my upcoming CD today!
Me too! lol:)
Doing all my holiday shopping on #CyberMonday, while saving on lunch with i-deal from
Flash needs to die in a fire. People still ask me to build flash sites for them because they're so "eye catching". The answer is no.
Late dinner @ Bollini's in Monterey Park. Super thin crust pizza & amazing pasta, Eastside is picking up speed in the food dept.
good morning. No. I did the dishes and laundry this morning though.
IRB application was approved with exempt status. First step of many for my summer pilot study.
Amen! RT : Just so you know, ONE lie can ruin a thousand truths.
Not today...LOL. Enjoy your Tuesday!!
in class, hatin the reading and the bullshyt of law school, 3 years and it will payoff!
Don't know, just have a great fondness for them.
I saw Lady gaga perform thirty years ago, she went by the name Elton John!
1st time at circle pool w !!
#Dewey's bankruptcy heavyweight Martin Bienenstock says firm memo was only meant for some partners, according to my story online.
I've reached the point in life where I have a Spinal Tap moment and get depressed. Have you?
Our targets: CPA, family/divorce atty, personal asst., photography, promo products, bankruptcy atty, caterer, pro organizer, carpet cleaner
Bout to go in! Lol
Thank you for the summary! We think it's a great example of how to build relevant bridges between a brand and its users...
You continue to have the most adorable kids ever. Hope they (and you) have a wonderful Purim!
A woman is a mystery.
whew I was thinking it too!
at this point it's simply not worth it. Slows user experience and normal copy/CSS elements are already handled.
I'm good at doing everything except what I actually need to do.
Haha thanks you should follow me, More music to come by the way(:
no way!! You live 45 mins from me!!! Cool
2 months and counting til the season opener at lucas oil raceway! Can't wait!
Now on the move again.
I love how every character on Spongebob has their own twitter account... ._.
woman on #millionaire: "i've never even heard of the 'communist manifesto'"
5:30am is too early for me, ("sigh")!!!
When will The People Speak be on TV
paper is done! now only to study for the hardest italian exam and write a ton of tweets. blahh.
I agree. Please Checkout pureobliteration.com and post your views.
fuck , they need to carry
If Pres. Obama really wants to restrict religious freedom, I could do with postponing Easter a few weeks.
I don't trust a women that changes the color of her hair often. Who you hiding from?
Fight the good fight, Micah! I have every confidence it's a case you will make compellingly, persistently, and well.
En route to California for USITT!
HR hit 181 and "Harder to Breathe" came on the radio. It's like it knows me :)
i heard you was in miami
Tues, I'll be at the #CelebrateSTF Summer Tweetup supporting & #girlseducation. Excited to try out the yummy food!
You're welcome! It's a #youthled effort w/global consequences.
sometimes Elvis is in our dance party rotation = mother son dancing
Cold pizza and chocolate milk...
Sometimes you don't see the hundreds of people who accept you for who you are. All you notice is the one person who doesn't ...
may the good Lord keep me safe this morning, snow and black ice
Did you work with Mike Farah?
ok now i know you are an elvis artest you are maybe on my fb list i have many elvis artests
At home for now. With that full moon tonight, I WILL BE OUT and about.
It's a Mark Summers quote, right?
Getting ready for #SMCSea tonight! See you there?
I dont understand
#SocialMediaTip Be honest to everyone
I like how he weighs out the idea of driving the firetruck… "hm, fire truck you say…? hm… i guess this is acceptable."
#dollhouse finale, a lot of good, a little bit of shaky, mostly wraps things neatly.
In addition to all the things Reagan did NOT have to deal with to reduce unemployment, he also had a still strong mfg base in the U.S.
it's here, but it's march 31st. it's for team, i volunteer with them.
Lost my Poker Tournament of Champions last night due to the worst stomach pain ever I had to really just quit the game, just sucks.
I may be an atypical iPhone user, but I rarely want 'hell' corrected to 'he'll.' I curse more often than I use ugly abbreviations.
It's $5.99 sale time at Great Clips.
yeah hopefully I won't have to go
thats cause you wont stop
Who was it who said, Blessed is the man who has found his work? Whoever it was he had the right idea in his mind
When we make eye contact and i look into those beautful eyes… and i see you smile, i know that there has to be something there
Absolutely love what is doing for music. inspiring from an artist perspective AND a software design perspective.
Yea thats me.
"The sharper you are at noticing other people's failings, the more apt you will be to overlook your own." ~ St. Ignatius Loyola
Omg ladies are fight over a freakin,panty at V.S. Lmfao too funny
we were at Scrapplefest in #Philly. I liked Leidy's, Habersette is a PA favorite, people like Rapa as well - all in stores.
I was happy to see that you were performing in Boston. Disheartened when I saw there were no more good tickets available.
Enjoy debating #TeamIvy and #TeamKaren with
How does one find studying rocks entertaining? Please explain
with the best self intro ever: "I am a material culturist and I work with the stuff of everyday life."
Definitely "cookout". The word "picnic" has such an ugly origin.
so the real reason you've been quiet comes out. =( j/k
Not hitting the beach for break? Check out "Alamar," with its beautiful beach scenery- the 2nd best thing to being there!
Koh describing types of transnational conflicts of laws: what happens when 2 countries seek to regulate same conduct
Welcome to Austin!
it's ok the key acquisition of will make up for it.
A non-ideological based article? No. Economics not about equality or inequality or "mal-distriubtion" of income. UR a fraud.
« aha thank yu»
Sometimes while driving I confuse my gas gauge with my phone battery level. Not sure which is more important.
Next weeks EMT!!
A reality show? And u need to change ur twitter name. None of ur names are Natalie. U don't even have a middle name.
We're looking for a salesperson for the Ad Network. DM me if you're interested or have a lead, and please RT. Thanks.
I am entering to win an iPhone Backup Batteries from casebargain.com via
My buddy gave up drinking,he hasnt told anyone bc he loves getting away w sleeping w fat chicks...
Really surprised by this years oscar nominations for best picture :-/
The Water Fountain baby!
Thanks for the tipon Aix Weather. I'll check it out.
#ENJOY MY PAGE with alot of great tips on it for eating healthier while enjoying life.
#RIPMrsBieber :( <333 U WILL ALWAYS BE IN OUR HEART <33
I feel bad I lied to Terry, I can't believe the guys called me that and I'm mad my perfect day turned into this
But if you look at the "new school" of Porter, Scott, Spalding and Glasper, they really are outliers
Just poped these sea sick meds...tell me why all i can think about is Samuel L Jackson off Deep Blue Sea!...lol..L's Up!
I was on the courts yesterday & I was playing w/ sum guy who looks just like u. FYI, you have a twin here in Miami. Go Pack Go
welcome to twitter
Can it be the weekend already!!!?
Got mine sorry you didn't get yours
's birthday gift would come the day after I see her. Off to the post office!
Totally agree, except screenwriter RT : First thoughts on #politicogc: everyone is so much taller than they appear on TV.
The power of Happy Hour 4pm- 7pm. Vodkas infused, Gypsy performances and you with us makes for a great time! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>
Microsoft products aren't about providing quality and usability. They're about generating profit, and pleasing shareholders.
I'm almost to ratio, which validates something shitty in me.
Cuz i've been thinking bout forever ~
Bittersweet result for you today? Forza America haha!
This can't be life sore and tired as fuck don't want to do shit today because this booty job be working the shit outta me
We have some great new plates on our menu! One yummy plate; is our Duck Confit with Medjool Dates and Gorganzola!
Getting boo'd in out own house, man I hate Chicago games, they're like away games!
Successful businesses continually re-invent themselves. Computers to music to phones: Apple is excellent example. Now look at ur business.
hey there..turns out i am following you already..i dont use twitter much. good to see you again. hope acting is progressing
I feel so dumb always getting my hopes up for something that never happens
Read Pieces of Me(Imagination and Contemplation) Book 2 --see it on Amazon.com and at www.lewhagood.com YOU'LL LOVE IT!!
Bell argues essentially, yes it is. Gets us back to Douglass--power concedes nothing without struggle
Men's Ice Hockey: Merrimack 2, Maine 1 (Final) Men's Ice Hockey Drops Season-Opener Against Merrimack
Enjoying the morning coffee...trying to anyway
just ate two kiwis and now my tongue stings... >.<
Good looking out, LT. The NCAA Tournament has been filled with a lot of tight mlax games the last couple of years.
and I are FUCKING AWESOME.
Our Zuzi Dance Workshop is happening today from 3:00-4:00! Learn about yoga, hip hop, creative movement, dance improv and more!
On my way to gradventure with <3
Super Bowl? More like super lame.
Thanks to for the great suggestions for my audition today! It's great to have you as a coach!
Omfg .-. I hate being in the darn hospitals ! Their boring D;
Morning Rockstars! > It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. - Theodore Roosevelt
DIY puts designer style within reach - Fort Worth Star Telegram
Nice to see Real Sociedad fans giving Vela some love <3
Get Kenny the fuck outta here. Just let em dunk!
for fuck's sake. RT : NBC News: All clear World Financial Center. Officials have determined suspicious pkg is novelty grenade
likewise love bug! we shall being seeing you and your hot dance moves again this weekend xox get readddyyy
I do stupid things sometimes
I believe s beard could have single handedly won that competition.
Judging by his physique, I'd guess Popeye's a pretty accomplished masturbator
here's a little story I got to tell about three bad brothers you know so well...Seems like yesterday..
Happy Valentines Day to all of our friends!
Ooh And He's Going To KI Wth Me Friday ( :
I think it's only fair to throw monopoly money at strippers with fake tits
YES. Tear down this system and build a better one from scratch!
Taking care of kids after they come back from vacation is a nightmare
A path with no footsteps can only be entered by trend setters.
My tweets help me remember my writing thoughts. They don't always have life meaning behind them. Just sayin
My life is more difficult than earlier... <U+2665> Xoxo ;**
help yourself ;)
My 60+ year old boss just out partied me
lol ritee I be keepin the good songs on reply sometimes
What's with the recent flood of burger joints in San Diego? I default to what I know: veggie & short rib. M.
no it wont, it will look triumhphant and er ... proud!! ... no majestic, yes majestic .. that the winner! (weiner really)
going back to that great resto and me treating next time. xo
When i die...Prepare all of you to be haunted,..... very badly....LOL I HATE YOU AL
#amreading Scarlett Thomas's Our Tragic Universe about an underpaid genre writer struggling to #write a "proper" literary novel.
I'm desperately trying to figure out why kamikaze pilots wore helmets.
not sure if I will make it to work. I keep sweating through all my clothes.
HOLY MOTHER OF PANCAKES!!!!!! <3 I NEED #SaySomething ON MY IPOD! NOW!
. solves all my diction troubles. Today, outsize vs. outsized. Thanks Janice!
Let's be friends on battle net <3
and a big red nose
Week 2 of #insanity done! Amped for week 3 already seeing results and feeling great!
Way to take a step backward North Carolina
smodcast, action cast, podcrash, ign assemble, the mighty marvel podcast, the comic book podcast, Gotham knights online :-)
ok c drew
Evaluating a green tea called Sparrow's Tongue (<U+96C0><U+820C>). Does anyone have experience with this type of tea?
Wow.. Fire at Grand Central Terminal. Trains will not go there. Last stop as said by the conductor.. Mt. Vernon.
Anchorman II and peyton manning at quarterback what a great life!
Cars Memory Game
Fahhhhhhkkkkk Im Drunk!!!!!!!
I'm not addicted to twitter. I only tweet when I have time: lunch time, break time, off time, this time, that time, any time, all the time
I have to assume that; not having rules to follow, makes running an MLS team a breeze.
needs to answer his phone!!
that used to be my area code!
Raymond, can anyone show up to see the Ruma preso?
-- Haha! Damn my random moments.
St. Patrick's Day Pub Crawl! Call now to reserve a $20 seat for safe transporation between OKC's favorite places to celebrate! 447.2446
#chsocm ...but our logo has a pic of our building....
Farfan: now we have ownership over how we want to portray ourselves and show the complexities in our lives
lmao you wouldnt hurt your BABY cousin
I feel like I'm missing something.
Unfortunately, most music today has the equiv of a levels adjustment w/ the shadows and hilights sliders shoved to the center
twitter acting up ill follow u when I can
Only place I could stand to live in Texas.
“: folow me plz” Alright, I'm following you now! :)
Party time !
Darren named the team mang
Don't you hate it when ignorant people try to involve you in their tomfuckery? Tsk tsk bitches
you should check with a pharmacist and make sure there aren't any unexpected side effects with that combo
Your a lucky man Remyy!
You weren't "stuntin" because it was about you
Celebrating NYE with my wife and new daughter Sydney Madelyn! Happy New Year!
Homework is overrated.
Good morning #koaladancebots! I'm so upset! Uhh I miss talking to y'all :(
Ha! Not up to me unfortunately. A decision far above my pay grade.
CA State Supt. of Public Instruction Tom Torlakson to give keynote at school-based health centers conference in Sacramento on March 13.
Just saw the guy in the car next to me pick his nose... #Mylifeiscomplete :)
I'm at the #C21GC Social #tweetup at Le Booze Bar in
Want to announce your museum's upcoming events & post pics from past events? Tweet to #MuseumEvents!
Home; sick
good luck in AZ! Try not to bug each other too much with race prep. I'll be rooting for yas.
hope you are having a good night! ;)
When people ask me what position I play in softball, I never know what to say because I switched so much this year. #missit <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Leftover moussaka for lunch today. No Greek crisis here.
dude, you sent me the same message on fb like five times lol are you getting my replies?
Rum / Vodka
#swag lol but i think it's too long
I love athlete boys ?
Oh you didn't know?!? When was the last time you watched the news?? :D Shame shame...
RT : Education in Louisiana can't be an all or nothing compromise when it comes to our kids.
I should have got them early when i had the chance
learn to do it for "the Thrill" <U+2665>
"Charlene" (my ride) looks like a huge globule of pollen.
Surprisingly, as other holiday travelers get increasingly cranky, I find myself increasingly zen. Let's hope this lasts through LAX.
You're guilty of what u just retweeted!
for everyone one person you have that hates your site there are 10 that love it and share with their friends!
How am I expected to handle school on a day like this?
Are you coming to Minneapolis for AASL?
Now time for the season finale of Criminal Minds
So sexy;)
what you tryna sell?
Hey oldd bitch in 16, get off the fucking road
Wow at the airport so early security isn't even open yet...fml I can't wait to sleep
Great! :) How's yours?
Bank of America to cut from elite ranks
Thanks for the mention on your FF
because san diego is the best!
At the gym, the Tv displays on the new precor machines are too big. They obstruct my view when people watching :)
ha no he not !
I'll be at your door. debit card and ID in hand :-)
Grab your camera, go out, and shoot!
Attended my first event yesterday: a Marketing Roundtable. Great group of people sharing ideas and brainstorming solutions. Cool.
bout 2 go play b-ball i will be back #twitnation! LATER!
I'll accept that.
Left is Right | Political meeting ends in fist fight - The Keene Sentinel
Weekend starts now
following back
Looking for a fresh makeup look for spring? Make an appt. with Laura Mercier makeup artist Patrick Johnson at Blush Beauty March 22-24!
agreed...that's my forecast as well.
Who ever thought it would be so complicated to plan for march madness? It was so much easier in college-just buy a keg and order
Finally: the war in Iraq will come to an end by the end of the year. Very happy for our troops and their worried families.
Watchin' Law & Order
happy first day! What will you be doing?
#nw X-men first class. :D
Rep. Mason: "There is an opportunity here to consider some of the priorities in front of us."
Barnes and Nobles said they had Wild Blueberries and Cream Cheesecake, but their signage lies!!!!!!!!!!
you're missing the "I" and "u" lol (:
mats, who wouldn't waive NTC for greater benefit of the team? However Alf did fire that puck at niedermayer...
I'm on vacation in LA and him and Brent were at the bar I was at last night and I was talking to cam for a while but he ran
Thank so much for coming out (and tweeting) today's tour!
DM Hi. I've been developing a business HP would likely have a strong acquisition interest in. Please DM a contact if we should talk.
haha oh bummer! Anytime :-)
GOP: Jobless rate dropped because many have given up looking for work. Question: Will those people vote, and which way are they leaning?
Dats sad.. should of been did dat
Looking for any data, seeing none. RT I've seen no evidence they are effective.
Nope, downloads fine. Just never processes my check-in, or any other input. I know you're not tech support, though. :)
and private business and individuals really OWN the taxable assets. In that sense, I'm a shareholder already.
Can you see the fire from your office? I am stuck in a windowless room.
Beach with Lizzie!! <3
Maybe If Houston hadn't been battling against themselves for the fumble psu wouldn't have scored...
Night before or morning of?
Any cool ideas for packaging bath bombs?
Mixed feelings about #LOST tonight. I want to find out all the answers, but I don't want it to end!
It's a beautiful evening in DC. Can't wait to see and !!!
I cannot believe it's March and we just enjoyed an outdoor party wearing shorts. Thanks and thank you Atlanta!
lol trust me i already know my brotha, i'm the only one up right now though
he's a very affectionate drunk and he loves us. he told us a million times last night between the bagillion hugs we got haha
hey edgar.
It is amazing how much less irritating the world is on a full 8 hours of sleep.
#obama great press conference!
i sound like a 5 year old
what inspired you to do YouTube videos? :)
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Hum I wonder what happens to you if you take a shower and you have blisters on both hands? !*)
Who let the Bobcats wear the Lakers jerseys and come out here tonight?
If its free it's me.
At work for the next 4 days...
yum I'll be expecting a piece tomorrow<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
if kelly doesnt hurry the fuck up I will kill her
god is love
darn tootin'! I only satisfy my olfactories with a tall glass of sasparilla. YEE HAW! Punk-ass bitch.
Yeah but Paul Martin can only take so much, and his trade value is low as it is...
I'll be a team player when I get paid like a pro athlete.
Peter Falk, RIP, we know he will be asking 'one more thing' at the pearly gates. He was one of my favs....
and then I dropped the most important note in my pocket into toilet, pre-flush
It damn sure does... Nothing to feel terrible about...
I can almost hear Monday whispering, "Go fuck yourself."
Im tired and i almost tore my groin
RT : Coaching 101: Always do the right thing.(TRUE DAT!!)
I ate the snow
I love that place! SLU is turning into such a cool area. Lucky for you that you are so close to it.
when I see you play in Chicago, I gotta learn that pick tossing trick!
Sad. They are gonna make me wait until..... December 2nd I think to watch Supernatural. Great. :(
Step out in faith and claim your destiny today.
Are you ready for Lynyrd Skynyrd? Our 2012 Season kicks off this Saturday! We would love for you to join us for an incredible evening!
Getting ready to watch the Oscar-nominated live-action and animated short films. Can't wait!
You are seeing pain as a result God causes. It is us hitting ourselves. Why are you hitting yourself in the face style...
So glad you like it :) I saw it and knew you had to have it!
screamin HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my lil bro .. finally 16 lol love you dude :)
Is it just me,but you can tell a person is old by their name. Are there any young Agnes,Alberta,Martha,Eunice,Annie Mae,Olga,or Bertha lol
Good Morning winter wonderland! Get the kids out of the house and get cupcakes and hot chocolate
Good morning everyone! Or maybe it's afternoon where you're reading this...or night..whatever have a good morning/afternoon/night! :D -izzy
doesnt make me any stronger Maybe more patient lol I love and Im willin to wait Then I get him forever
So baby look to yesterday and maybe youll drink those tears away
FACT: GAO: procedures used by DOE loan guarantee prog “may equal or exceed those used by priv lenders to assess & mitigate project risk.”
My New Mixtape Called #Deeper Than A Mixtape# Is Coming Soon!!!!! "Classic"
what did you think about "the frays" national anthem remix???
TESTIMONY: Tanya Chanel Taylor says: And lot of ya'll probably ignore most of my post cus you're thinking "here goes another post about...
RT : My advice to interns is interview staff about their jobs, if possible; learn what they do & skills they have.
He who laughs last didnt get it.
Young forever by :D
RT : IMF & World Bank are weapons of war..... John Pilger youtube.com/watch?v=WYCH1Y… via
That would probaly be the best, however we can try to troubleshoot over the phone so you don't have to wait
I stubbornly insist on both writing poems and participating in political action.
Enerchia tip of the day: Mix #chia with Worcestershire or #bbq sauce and brush over meats before grilling.
what song?!
So true Finley really getting on my nerves
Max can go and fuck himself, don't even care anymore.
YOU'RE FOULED...PENALTY BOX $20 buckets of Miller Lite & Amstel Light... $4 shots!!!!...B4 & After the game..LOOK FOR BLUE LIGHT!
RT HAS ANYONE TRIED GOOGLE PLUS INSTEAD OF FACEBOOK I THINK ITS NICE
Been saying this about POTUS for years
Yes I'm glad is back girl u beautiful chica...with size & brains/ beauty u are a force to reckon with
President Obama speaking at UMD on Friday
"You cant be ugly and play hard to get. It just doesnt work that way. You're already hard to want." - Peter Griffin
Aahz Party and Playfulswingers.com now sponsoring SwingFest's Naughty Lingerie Party!
they will have to first get "Papa Archie's" approval
I just met you, this is crazzzzyyy
& - Do you have a link to something that can give me more info about why you think Bank Transfer Day is wrong?
In Music Meeting- Anberlin “Impossible” it's an ok pop song, we listened blind so not to pre-judge and still came back pretty bland
Enter to win a #FREEPIZZA! Just text FacebookPJ to 90210. Normal msg rates apply.
Is the US release date for "Fear Institute" still scheduled for December?
The Berquam anti-Mifflin video is no longer available on YouTube
The Avengers comes out today if I don't see it I'll cry.
The only thing I'll stop work for on a Sunday is The Borgias.
In Sydney! It's one of the most beautiful places I've been :)
Just got in from the club, I am so tired lol goodnight twitter
Im just a DM Away ;) <3
My 1st MetroEdge event Had a great time at MetroEdge Even saw there. Great people. Great event
just listen for the Meeeeah I'm the only one that makes that noise in the street
Great job today...Skip can dish it but SURE can't take it!
Having a poor customer support experience with Universal Remote
Some SD Restaurant Week first course lunch highlights!: Curried Pumpkin Red Crab Soup, Vegetarian Spring Rolls w/ Kaffir Lime Plum Sauce.
You're from Texas... You can't say pop #ashamed RT : True life: i'm addicted to McDonald's diet pop
I still take a mini vacation there every morning when I turn on my computer-background image
If bitches out again put it in his pants!!!
PBS American Masters tonight is about Johnny Carson and hosted by !
Best of luck with your talk and panel.
Finally a reason to stay up late! RT: I will be on the show tonight!
You went to the show? :o
Thanks for all the love You guys along with some many others is what makes Htown a great place to be!
So best guess is anchor text. It's the most manipulated signal in the SEO world, so it makes sense.
....at work im beat, gloomy weather has me tired, thnx goodness to coffee cooladas.....
Wondering... which DC Council candidate is most like Donald Trump?
Saw a breaking news tweet that Whitney Houston had coke in her room when she died. Breaking news?! Coulda told you that 3 years ago.
Great article!
We want them to be succesfull but at the same time, we want them to be our little secret
"WHY DO YOU WEAR THAT RUG???"
HiPSTER PiZZA
God loves me even when I don't forward those chain letters.
Posted about '39 Clues!' Hope that that material isn't too "young." LOL!
that was from instagram ?
listening to jennifer talk about morae
Paradise Misplaced
That's why I don't eat lobster or anything like that, because they're alive when you kill it. -Snooki
how much was your ticket today ? ops lol
I cant stand commercials, theres more of them than the damn tv show!!!
nikkaz is settin up for the shizznitt tonight it goes down night three of our fu%%en premiere swagg the fu%% out
A.J.: You did have hair when you went in there, right? Deb: It's still in the sink if you wanna glue it.
Interest Rates Have Dropped! Now is the time to refinance your home mortgage, take advantage of this rate drop. www.newbridgehomeloans.com
I may not be on top of the world...but I always make sure that I'm always hi enuf to look down!¡!
Barrera: A lot of people say to us, Just make all the cuts! Well that's a hell of a thing to do to kids.
I think imma call my bro bcuz he understands
Everyone is super impressed that you know all the words to "We Didn't Start the Fire."
Up now, Bullock.
i'm going to bite you.
YOU know you need a Different Lawyer when .... When the prosecutors see who your lawyer is, they high-five each other.
We are giving the Play Area a fresh coat of paint tomorrow morning and it will be closed until 3:00 p.m. thank you!
“: A great dream must go through the cycle of self doubt which leads you to complete dependency upon God.”
RT : Im not impressed until the Chevy Sonic is a contestant on Wipeout and can make it over all 4 big red balls.
Slept all day and I finally feel a little better!
We upload a copy of every transcript to our online repository - avail 24/7
"A goal without a plan is just a wish." - Larry Elder www.IamINC.biz
...& I CAN GET HIGHER THAN A SPACESHIP....
haha they're good enough (; text me bro
Sometimes there's just nothing new to Tweet about... *sigh*
Great effort tonight. RT Tight finish ! I loved beating the Italians.
Thank you Dear John for making me cry
hm ... 21 Jump Street , Friday ? :D
Wishing we were there
You're on a ROLL today!!
Skeet skeet skeet
TY for the RT. Have a great week ahead.
Kids are the future. Help make your future great with good guidance .
Thanks . Let me get some feedback
Glad you are drawing attention to the transformative work of John Hunter. Looking forward to hearing him at
The crazy part is, I think was changing 's diaper when he sent that tweet:)
Im still in L.A. i love home but i need to get back to houston were the money is!
Well you're fabulous and I love you then haha
elaborate, if you don't mind. You can dm me too
2-2 one more thing i just wanted to tell you that every year at my school we all get unicef boxes and we donate! and get $1,000
I hate getting my eyebrows done.
Today was a pretty good Friday :)
Going to see the biggest inspiration to me in my life in concert # OVOXO
Awesome! -- I just saved 51% at Seventh Heaven Massage Studio through LivingSocial!
Catalina Wine Mixer.
#Rochester Stop in the shelter today and meet our friends available for adoption. Help give them a loving home for the holidays.
not yet, but it is probably closer than Melby.
Have you ever really seen shit *roll* downhill? And if you have, wtf were you doing?!
This snow in October is unbelievable!!!!
You guys look so beautiful! So jealous you've already seen it! #HungerGames xoxo
They are probably the heaviest of them that are still melodic anyway. Very awesome! :)
While this may not be the soaker initially forecast, it still will provide some much needed rain to the state.
RT Inspiring others---Inspires me
A strong core builds strong pelvic muscles, which can positively effect the quality of your orgasms
just made the net erupt w/ the & BM tell-all interview.
Does anyone know how the $16 SSA differs from the $27 version? Is all the same information included? Can't find a sample image online.
Is that warm sun I see out on the Cowpattio? Yes it is! Git on down here for a $7.95 Burger and Bud! Giddy Up!
Off today so I'm up
pretty cool shot
My phone was just randomly playing a violin song or something o.O
drinking all the beer in Portland ... so
What is the Shotover Jet?
Now it's off to Austin with the family. A travel-filled weekend. 3 hours in the car means homework.
#IWantToHave a pet midget and feed him grapes and gerbil feet
Put my back into spasm trying to re-arrange the dining room furniture.
you look like you would be an excellent cork soaker
me and adam really do!
Should I be worried that my kid's preschool misspelled Cheerios and necklace in the same sentence on his daily report?
I love GSD I used to have one :(
I wish I could attend this! It is the same time as the first week of classes at Indiana University, Bloomington though.
thanks for sharing :-)
where do u find ur scores?
- hey buddy, you need to follow me so I can DM you
the professor isn't a Razorback fan I take it? Lol
I like the Brazillian TUF. The attitude seems good and healthy
>> Yo, looks like him...maybe he would add it to his collection. He's got 1% Chinese in him.
ha.. maybe a Dream a Little Dream marathon just played ;)
Final destination: Mayo Clinic.
going to washington dc tomorrow <3333...no school
griffin says you're a fag, but he loves you<3
#asusual i have fallen in love again........ hopfefully it's real love this time........
Casting "Not Eclipse double rainbow spoof" sunday the 11th looking for, Bella, Jane, Allice Cullen, Rosalie, Jasper, Victoria,
Please follow me(; 20
I woke up with butterflies in my stomach...how the hell does that happen?
Blessed is he who speaks a kindness; thrice blessed is he who repeats it. -Arabian proverb
Looking forward to the weekend already. A lot of work to be done before then.
Baby, next time you're gonna try to find a way to make me jealous, pick a girl that doesn't look like she's been hit by a car.
I need a gf in this state damm..
We think so, too! RT : Mexican food is the best in TEXAS!!!
follow it by their 120. You'll feel better about it.
So hungry. :P FOOD!!!
regardless of how good people in los angeles think they are driving, they are horrible....
Fight or Flight - Performance Hall of National Museum of Women in the Arts at 6:00 p.m. on Tuesday, November 15, 2011.
I am the sunset in your day
I laughed when I saw the Mercedes AmEx. You get 5x points when you buy a Mercedes with it! My neighbors must have it.
Whitney houston dead at age 48. RIP
Friday and my easy classes ? Yuhh. Afterschool basketball, then spitting with Tomas
They forced it with this iPad mini and the iPhone 5 .
Shelia Jackson is absent from the meeting tonight
HAPPY HALF BIRTHDAY LOVE <3 RT : Kinda bummed out no one remembered my Half-Birthday today.
Jersey Shore 2 starts tomorrow! Hard to believe it's about to air. Miami seems like yesterday.
#Mets tie it!
Parents (not all of them, just more of them) have no idea what their kids are doing everyday. Do u agree?
Casual Friday. Are pants optional?
You’ve Got to Mostly Hide Your Love Away
Never let some1 be a must in your life when you're just an option in there's but i still say i must have you!! </3
On The Edge is my new favorite song, ever! (:
Nice to know that I am so highly regarded in your eyes.
Fortune favors the bold.
Around 6am with good tunes, friends, and booze, one persons name always comes up in conversation Just ask
Want brighter skin??? Come in for a Spa Facial and experience our new Brightening Polish from Glo... you'll be absolutely GLOWING!
Who's going to this year? We're excited to announce that we'll be there offering LOVEPOPS in the VIP section!!!!
New Berlin police confirm three dead and three injured in Sunday crash. The latest on this story LIVE AT 5:00 Todd Hicks TMJ4
sounds good!!
everything I've been through in the past has made me what I am tody
isn't the app developer. & are who I think you want.
“: #Scorpio Career Paths: Surgeon, courtroom lawyer, executive secretary, detective, psychiatrist” wanted to be a lawyer
We are having California weather today!
gleaned, and when she also took out and gave her what she had left over after eating her fill, 19her mother-in-law asked her, #Torah 47/99
But the machines are so pretty so and so are all the people who use them! MT Silence on Apple's tax-avoiding, profit-soaring...
Yes of course.! I thank You for letting me know about that.!
Come on over, buddy!!
Michael Taussig: "Gusinde says they were offered the same price for a pair of Indian ears as the going rate for a puma—one pound sterling."
hey just saw your tweet! yes, lots of juices for about a week..it made a big difference! but I gotta keep it up..that's hard part
love this shot of your delicious cupcake! cc:
Try Mumbles on High St. Great soup! RT : & I are reenacting mortal kombat moves. We've GOT to get out of the house
how are you?
Today my daughter wanted to pray for "mommy's office!" I hope mommy had a wonderful day at the office!
: Great to connect! I catch u sometimes on air & remember your coverage of the DC hurricane last year...you're a funny guy!
I have a disease. And people are the problem.
Actually considering skiing into work tomorrow
Agreed! I'm so glad I never listened to the streams. So worth it.
copy and paste
Check these dudes resumes
Also, no Phil and Arenas' need for the ball in his hands will hurt his effectiveness. Bench depth at best...
I wish I was famous cause i don't want go to school :-/.
: sthu bout food u makn me hungry
; I definitely do not remember this. Haha, but I could have wrote this.
yep. Read it. Thing is that the city can choose a PLA if state or federal funds are at risk. No?
Landry: Florida will look first to former Meyer guys Dan Mullen (HC Miss St) and Kyle Wittingham (HC Utah)
I'm wearing my LIKES BOYS shirt with a red plaid button down shirt. I'd say my Kurt costume for Halloween is all set. Lol
It's so cold out
Hey guys were just letting you know that we love ALL of you guys that have been patiently waiting for us to release this EP! THANK YOU<33
Cuz if they were im gonna be pissed i LIVE in miami -.-
Some people are always grumblin because roses have thorns
for sure! send them over!
aw that's awesome!!:D
How could anyone who knows anything about Newt Gingrich be "eager for Newt". The man is a bafoon.
just realized all my past girls ive been involved with within the last 2 years were hispanic or mixed with hispanic
congratulations on the new addition! :)
#Yankees fans, what would your 'entrance' music be before an at-bat? Check out 's music on 'Tuesday Thoughts' www.Chasing800.com
If you do not enjoy what you are doing, you will never be good at it.
Join us, locals, & Caramel Carmela from Denver, CO on Wednesday June 2 @ The Hideaway Lounge. 1012 N Raynor, 7:00, $7! Tell your friends!
Ramp Camp. Friday. My backyard. 15 kids, movies, tents, junk food, manic panic, bonfire, & an all nighter. I apologize to all my neighbors!
It was me. No one uses my phone but me. I have only one google account and one facebook account. I tried both.
a guilty pleasure of mine, too · cc: RT : don't hate me, but i really like A Fine Frenzy.
This day 2 years ago, I joined twitter! It was a life-changing decision. I'm serious! Love y'all! <3 My first follower was
Follow - Organizer of all things digital. We're lucky to have him as an active member of the #ROC tech scene.
Hi, an important e-mail I sent bounced back. Please let me know how to get a message to you..
it's my spring break so i haven't been at my apartment! i'm here now though so i'll check this morning on my way out :}
great meeting you guys picked up the game as I'd you have played for 20 yrs
Travel postcards from readers: A yearly bonus along this coastline is the annual arrival of the elephant seals at Piedras Blancas Bea...
Stanford is so cutting edge. I loved his latest short story in "Miss Lora", I think it was called.
FLOP CITY, BABY!!!!
Listening to some great music at TheBasement :)
lol , I can't see whatever you put :p
Hope you're wearing cute underwear.
Off to the gym!
Love to carb load pre-race? We do too! Join us at the Hilton Milwaukee City Center on Friday, June 22 from 5:00 - 7:30 pm for the Pasta...
is my bestie not cause I hate her....
LOVED hearing you talk about #acupuncture on #tiaandtamera!! Natural medicine is amazing! xoxo
I wouldn't leave home without a! Try describing the inside of a parking garage though: "I'm in the slopey part"
got me hooked on turnpike troubadours. Good stuff
Awh Lebron's momma is so cute!
My HP mug is magic. Before I pour coffee in, it says "I solemnly swear that I'm up to no good" and after it says "mischief managed"
#NFLdraft is so predictable this year
I am on my 9th consecutive listen of "Dón Provótchka" ...time for a break. But I'll probably return later.
May my apps work faster?
hey and I currently living in LA and Las Vegas. But I spend most of time in LA depending on work.
Any of your staffers Gluten Free? We have a favor to ask (will send lots of Gluten Free cookies in return!)
if u and rick ross had a baby would u need a bulldozer to pick it up
don't feel bad for them. They find hot, blind girl friends.
Great to see my friend on Twitter. Chantel is the mom of a talented young man who has authored a darling book.
Umm is right. That is so not natural.
Just remembered there's school tomorrow. The weekends go by way to fast.
If you have any questions of about the South Dade Father's Day Celebration, email us at
LOVE it! That MUST have been it! (Now I have the song in my head!)
When this EP is done, it will get in the hands of Dave Grohl. We won't sleep.
Please Heckle a dog sometime please
everybody follow dudes a beast!!!
Adversities introduced men and women to themselves.
Stipeche's comments receive hugh applause at #HISD board meeting. Trustee Rodriguez remains impassive.
Mad River, Duffys, John Barleycorn, and McGees... ITS GOIN DOWN TONIGHT CHICAGO!!!!!
Congrats man! RT : It's official. I'm a second-time dad!
I'm going on the 22nd!! Can't wait :-)
Very nice to find you as well. Love the shots of Camelback on ur profile. Hiked there many times!
HEY MARK! LOOK AT THIS GUY ON THE MOUND!! LET'S GIVE HIM $42 MILLION!
Thanks! I'll be back soon for sure! RT : thanks for writing about our little shop...glad you liked your smoothie
alright, celtics took care of the heat. now the sox need to finish this game.
ok so i really need to get into my creative flow must head to fabric store tomorrow!!!
Hello Happy Monday.
hopefully we will be in Canada in the years to come.
I can't believe some people thought Mayweather was NOT going to win. Smh. I knew he was gonna win that's why i wasn't worried.
Oh my god I'm so excited for this game. KICK SOME TAMPA BAY ASS! RANGERS!! I <U+E022> you CJ you can do it!
gotta love the quaintness of the LeaveItToBeaver-era nostalgic folk. So cute. And such critical thinking skills!
god im so happy and its has nothin to do with 420, found my stolen bike
#TGIF Passions by K will be posting new pictures on facebook soon!! Stay tuned!!
This intrigues the heck out of me.
Now Preki will have to find someplace else to be surly
Uhm, awesome. It's opening day!
At home after delicious raw meal
i love you with all my heart! <3
Don't just stare say something especially if I know you
the bills haters!!!!
Fingers crossed that it's nothing major.
$1 off taps and an awesome steak dinner for $10.95 tonight!
The drive from Portland to the 'Couve is epic? Really? :) RT : Beginning the epic drive to
no. you were sexy.
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana old banana's sake
RePEc describes documents: title, author, url. Also describes people: who wrote what, etc.
Burque! Duke city's coming up! Peep this, Going to Santa today for promo to see about a possible show if u are a local artist pls FB me
a wild guess! the WELL-DRESSED guy in the back!
“ YA BOI FUTURE ON 106 & PARK #FUTURE”
"I've got my skinny pants and my fat pants" "NOPE they're both fat pants"
Heading to Churchill downs to bet on some horses! Happy Derby!
Glad that you liked those, have you ever gotten a hair cut there? It's a classic old-school NYC barbershop!
Happy B day to you and little H! How are you decorating his room?
Love Paris, just wish my family would wake up so we could get out of the hotel room!
Pray, it will keep you stronger.
Wow Kings fans are really worn out by hearing all about Griffin and Kobe. You can't hear them at all!
Great season last year I think your really coming into your own as a shutdown Conner
thanks :D and I know, is so cute and.. oh, did you mean me? lol
leadpipe lock of the day: Steelers -6 vs Titans
APD bike unit enroute to cruise UNM and check out all the hot babes, now that the weather is nice.
got though recording like 15+ mins of my new Let's play Black ops & then i play it back to find out that the sound didn't record, i'm pissed
BREAKING: One dead in #Chardon H.S. school shooting in NE Ohio.
I'm pooped. Going back to work is rough.
Another Monday almost over, Tuesday is travel. Wednesday is heaven
I knew it hahaha
love this show! And Randy Newman had crazy lyrics lol
XD I can't wait to see what you do with it.
King 2, Churchill 1. End 5. Eric Perez fouls off three pitches before delivering 2-out single to bring home Dominique Lane.
Miss u girl! Hope you're unbelievable!!
Who knew! All I had to do to get david to hush up was let him know it's all archived on google. Blessed silence, I love you.
do you guys make fun of people who sell pre-paid legal? i do...that's SO 2001.
sending humans to Mars can help lower space access costs, if you would like to join our think tank, come to our forums at www.marsdrive.com
No, wait, it was "button your shirt." wrong inside joke!
22 followers in 3 hours and we have a year and a half to go.. This is going to be one hell of a party! Thanks for the support.
Ever had a big surprise on your birthday? Not just a party but something you didn't expect?
Who just scheduled a Skype date with ?!
my cousin and we just joined him and his friends for dinner I couldn't come along for anything after that
I hate when people tell me I look like another person....I want to be original :/
Thanks to all of our most recent followers - so many!
Friday at last, although it feels like it should have been here 3 days ago.
I would SO watch that.
Scramble with (:
which is not you!
Work Hard, Play Harder (;
Maybe contacts would help! :) RT : There are only 3 elk in Arizona...and somehow all three are faster than me
Giants defense Ranked 29th not much better then GB 32nd.
You have to make sure you're at the total front of the stage and everything. Some directioners might even camp out tonight.
Since "text" is now a verb, I agree that its past tense is "texted". Saying it as "he text me yesterday" is as bad as "I seen it yesterday"
Thanks so much for the shoutout.
Goodbye social life. Hello #finals!
caching. If order is fixed much easier to put a cache in front of image server. Also allows actual dir structure with files.
Ed Sheeran on VH1 brings me back to London
Sometimes life works in mysterious ways, count your blessings and stay humble. Best sales training my Grandfather ever gave me!
on the digital divide and access to health info!
Good so far. Getting some freelance gigs, hoping for 2 days a week at Trader Joe's. #CleanupOnAisle7!!!
"When artists give form to revelation, their art can advance, deepen, and potentially transform the consciousness of their community" - ...
you're a fool!
": oh , so your not a slut ? then what are you ? a volunteer prostitute ?"
Chevy commercial sucks just like their cars
Tie dying shirts with the track girls! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Thatz wuz up I hate Rogers county!!!
looks like a BADASS move!
. Can't wait 2 see u @ ur show @ The Music Box. Thanx for dropping by w/ ur buds to announce it on !
Ok....about to watch #vampirediaries finale!!!! No body bother me for the next 45 min!!
Twitter probably got as much drama as facebook it's just we don't see it cause our TL stay moving.
nap time
yeah, to write, to listen, the world goes round!
Just got back from the dog park with and our German Shepherd Brody
'Everyday I'm Shufflin' with lol :]
Ed Sheeran + Taylor Swift.
Long b4 a teacher is blamed leadership on all levels need to be examined. Want edu to work 4 every will take leadership
Today is dragging ass lol ugh someone save me PLZ :D
lost all motivation when I had to switch libraries.
true wisco fan right there. That's why we love you
So busy w/ work lately. Havent had the chance to chat lately. Miss you guys my euroduo and lovely
wow..really?.rich people think they know better eg.bernald madoff, donald trumph
Drinking coffee and skipping church. At least I'll be awake for when I'm burning in hell...
What's up bro???? Holla when you get a chance!!
I just typed something then I thought twice about it.
and I made it through #Irene with no damage or power outages. What things are like at my place in Newark I'll find out soon.
you have the best updates - Saturday, Cedar Tree Neck Christmas tree cutting - yes!
ohh no way man, I'm a big House of Leaves fan. Definitely someone else you're thinking of. :) crazy book.
That would be pretty awesome :)
I think there is a tinier version of Jose Canseco inside of the Life size Jose Canseco and that little deviant tweets these gems
How do I contact someone at FB if I can't "like" anything or update my status? No answers on the help pages. Thx!
This justification wouldn't work in the tangible goods space. "Ferrari isn't meeting my needs for a reasonably priced car.."
I am an education major from Ohio University- Many, Many moons ago.How did you find me?
Wanna see a private show with Foster The People?? Check it below...
u my faveeee
i hope you CANT find a spoon for a microphone...
T-minus 24 hours exactly until tattoo time.
my leg broke, but I gotta do this. I put the team on my back do!
You should. I'm so excited for you to visit!
I would rather be surrounded by smart people than have a huge budget. Smart people will get you there faster. - The McKinsey Way
Well that was just a slap in the fucking face..
I hate Tetris.
Hello dear. How are you?
LOL happy 2 judge this quote contest as being as ur all on a roll- :)
Thanks to all who played the Morning Mindbender and congrats to who got the correct answer which is.....
Try our new gluten-free strawberry muffin. It's seriously delicious!
Im not the coldest but I'm learning n I'm learning fast just wait god bout to open a few doors for me just wait
The #knicks are my favorite team. Go defense!
oh hey! yeah im never really on twitter very much
Girl dont touch my protection because I know you want it to slip..well ok maybe this once
Goal setting is the foundation of fulfillment
Uh oh, Bosh is out! Might be some issues for the Heat..
we just ate fuku burger
Im a fighter
thanks for sharing . It's so imp to remember
finna cheat & Google it. Now I need to know lol.
Officially a stylist! <U+2192> Helped sonia get ready for PROM. Hope they have fun :3 #feelinlikeaproudmother lol
RT : RT : How big exactly is Twitter in 2012, this great infographic explains
I could care less how y'all feel I got the flo make a bitch do kart wheel!-chiddy bang
youre in Nashoba??!?!?!? im on call today and im at Boltons station covering for them. text me pls! X
If the world would be a better place without my brother that means I can kill him right.?
Our Voter Registration table is at West Senior Center dining room. We are registering seniors every Tue & Thu during January.
Football banquet
Another lovely dinner 's. Introverted me loves smaller gatherings that end early on work nights.
Under My Thumb.
happy mothers day.
FOURTH QUARTER LETS GO !
Hate my life..
Prediction: 1: #CrazyBill will forget he hates me. 2: He will confront me. 3 He will mentally confront me; schizo on schizo. Betting on 3..
I'll be ready when I get back in town.
UPDATE 2-UBS loses bid to dismiss FHFA ... - Best Rate Mortgage
2chainz had the rawest verseRT mercy goes in but i aint diggin the hook tho
I feel so proud to be a Gleek. In my eyes it's is the beat fan base I have ever been in <3
Making some changes.
hbo is an easy target. They better be careful or he will end up on epix like K squared.
#apps #socialmedia Yerger Tech is DC's most efficient Social Media Management company. Hit us up
Very proud to be a Sigma Chi!
Having printer problems. Getting aggravated.
Today's BTU inspiration: "Treat your friends like you do your best pictures; place them in the best light." ~Unknown
Broad shows that level of dissent when he AGREES with the umpire's decision.
Awesome Asssscat show tonight at ! No wonder everyone's willing to stand in line in the rain.
#kickinit could easily be a TT if everyone ended their tweets with #kickinit!
Great! Can't wait to have you back! RT : Can't resist the chocolate croissants; but the beignets come in a...
stop pandering and trying to bring in the youth vote. Just fix it Mr. President.
my photos of my babies seem to have been lost in my office move from one corner of the city to the other. devastated.
Read someone retweet from out loud & my sister thought i was just randomly looking up facts about vagina's.
But I am learning to embrace that side of me ... If I don't no one else will
Montana trip over. Loved Bozeman and Missoula...
lol are you serious!
Love the subject line in an email from this morning : It's time to order Papa John's again! Thanks for the reminder...
He was with me today(; and it made my day<3
Anyone checking out at tonight? Excited to finally get to attend one of these.
My grandmother always said don't argue with a fool because someone on the outside listening might not know who's who.
did anyone get back to you?
I said it's great to be a Florida Gator....
write ne on fb
That night & that time it felt so right & honestly it still feels so right.
been following since u have been on B&S favorite show u really make wednesday night special thanks
Watching the movie Coco Chanel..
Gonna get me a big bowl of tomato soup, jump into the recliner, and watch some Monday Night Football.
. Glad I stumbled upon the convo!
it's official. i hate doctors..
Great final night at Holiday Inn. Thanks for the shout out, when we do another Alumni Holidae In you best be DJing.
I like that combination between creativeness and the creative process and the organization needed to make a business successful worldwide.
VEGAS lets Get this PALAZZO
I had a wonderful Easter dinner with and the family -- now off to work to begin Week No. 2 at my new writing job
Which is not to say I don't love San Antonio. But I miss jagged coasts, mountains, and hippies.
Union leaders plan next step in Unilever pension battle
whoa. brutal.
I could be wrong, but I just don't see United wanting to get in a bidding war with City or CFC.
Moving on to some easy stories that can be done: Hearing loss, vision loss, undiagnosed brian injuries
Beautiful photos Lisa. Wish we were there.
No not #Nene!!! We will miss you.
lets get everyone to DL #ExperienceJoeRogan free from the Android Market! RT!!!
I wonder how many people at Coachella were completely stoned out of their minds and were freaking out that Tupac was there.
The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it. -Oprah
I drive operational excellence in a group of companies
i'm in that thing!
ain't nothing like some nice country fried steak m. :D
well, I gotta find somebody to buy what I'm sellin' first lol
Holy crap this was a great night to live in the Philly area!
Woah, hey guys remember Circuit City? I use to love that store...
106 degrees in PHX...I think the rubber on my #adidas is melting.
fuck this. i broke my nail playin basketball. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
How is everybody liking that Grilled Cheese Panini? Should it stay?
Carl - come to Velocity to get in some tough workouts so you can lead the Red Bulls to an undefeated season next year!
Feliz dia de los muertos! Thanks to everyone that came to our Halloween contest last night!
bulls fan
waaaiiiiittt...i'll send u the link one sec. (:
Gdnight twitter world Matt busted his ass it was a good night one love
#PdPlus quote:"October Surprise from another age. We have an 'Oct. Surprise' every 10 minutes. You can't hold anything anymore."
we love working with Augusta students!
It was awesome! RT : This house smells SO good! I hope this pasta came out as good as it smells!
Nichols: $ from cap & trade has to be used for reducing CO2 emissions. Broad spectrum but would not reopen parks or add more teachers.
Yum! Do report back. And share pics too, please.
first impression COUNT! If you don't chances are you won't get another!
aww hello NeeCee's dad! God bless!!
follow before she commits!3
‘The Voice’ Fans Petition To Have Jesse Campbell Reinstated On Show
#antenna Terk Indoor Am Antenna Advantage
meeting the building owner today TO LOOK @ space/talk about moving with the deal. Wish us luck OMG'ers! we are so close to actual space!
Planning the perfect cinco de mayo meal with the help of !
Cool! I have yet to reach the 50k mark the 3 years I've done it & need to meld it with my classes & research this year.
Good Morning Twitter!!! It's kinda early and it's already HW time!!! this ish is killing me!!!
reading and reading trying to study not going to well but a beautiful night out in Vegas on the flip side:)))
okay quintiles,i just did a study i'll be back on the 24th to get my money. Kmon KUIO I need my money you guys are killing me.
Isn't my profile perfect? x_x
#Feng Shui Tip: Energy is in our thoughts. Loving thoughts create more <U+2665>, non-loving thoughts create more negative energy. Choose Love!
I seem to have misplaced The Locked Room, 30 pages before the end. This is torture.
Show me what to do..
Samuel Greco, Andrew Markel, Galen Weber and Vetone Ivezaj won the GUSA senate election Thursday. The Village A E-H seat remains unfilled.
keep trying man!
jelly. I want a margarita. Lol
=) RT My bra keeps unfastening on it's own...apparently it didn't get the memo that these are working hours right now!
Yea, me too. I guess the system actually works for the #deadbeats instead of the #children We'll live though!
#Lenexa is still out. Thanks for blowing up my #finalfour #kubball tradition, moving a huge party to a #DirectTV home.
Um, my phone has been restarting itself every couple of minutes. I'm getting concerned...
FASHION TIP: Coral is HOT. Buy some orange/coral something this week for spring!
I'm not into working out. My philosophy: No pain. No pain.
we have two free tickets to giveaway here and kevin-john signing lynn swann lithographs. What's at pnc park?
Thx!! RT : Nice reconnecting w/ Karen Mack of ! Love "Found LA" program & look forward to partnership w/ Mayor's Office!
RT: If men got pregnant, Planned Parenthood would be funded at military levels.”
Events guide: Easter and Passover 2012
Wasup wit some waffle house?
nothing's perfect
best quote of the day "If you dont like gay marriage then blame straight people. they keep having gay babies!"
We're out at #Nasstrac this week - Meet our team !
thanks how r u?
gotcha- not far myself. actually looking to join btyne or rejoin pcc. u play those courses?
": Never thought i'd say this again in life but.....next stop: Carbondale." Oh sh*t son! Check on Tremell.
I don't think it's you. I think it's the others that go w/ rhetoric.
Post #Easter brunch ! <U+2665> this place...
RT : I'd forgive Romney the flip flops if it weren't for the white socks.
hey man thanks for following!
Shoutouts to all my family/supporters/fans/real friends.. Thank you for your prayers on my journey this weekend!! Its our time!!
Micah's not in pic but 13, 9 and Isaiah who's only 9 wears a 7! I need another job just to put shoes on their feet! :)
": LSP will be wild today. Who's gonna be out there? #SKC #Ibelieve"
rub it in - I'm at home with a heat pad and an elevated leg...ENJOY ;-)
OTOH at least I'm not in Arlington at the Sox game
uh huh sure you did. I got my eye on you...
Fado Lovers In The House Tonight! Come hear Emilia Silva...
Dumb. Not #Mizzou's fault Cal, IL, Nova, and ODU were terrible this year. Look what they did against tourney teams & record.
At shuckers shore drive... Always the same in VB
you're going to the Chicago show?! You should totally do the "Call me maybe" bit. I would! Haha!
Pivotal meaning point when the band began to suck R.E.M.'s Life's Rich Pageant is named Best New Reissue: "a pivotal album"
keep up the good work. Looking good! Happy New Year!
smoking, baking cheddar scones, so much whiskey, cathedral of st.john, no sleep, and as much mysticism as i can handle.
Should I be concerned or happy that my advisor removed my advisor registration hold without ever actually speaking to me?
Waiting patiently by my computer in El Cajon
Cool weather finally, need to take advantage!
I don't know the story, just saw the headlines but...... Ouch!!!
everything i say here will eventually be used to market to me in some way...
At this point, even some sort of change seems like a positive step in the right direction.
#dailyfeedback We're looking for songs about "ladies of the night". Results @ 4:20pm on 91.3fm.
What is your favorite Lebanese dish?
of course! and a live mariachi band..*cue the music*
Wow - beautiful day today in the Duke City!
Today - rereading 1st draft, all in one sitting. On 1, 2, 3...
i hope this ceremony doesn't ruin the chances for michel hazanavicius and berenice bejo's celebratory bone
Miss my boo ... already
Anyone up for some golf or disc golf?
And thanks for the RT!
Dudem... Where is my car
Why are we perpetuating the rude #TT again?
Going skiing with big sis today. She has been up dozens of times this year but I still plan to beat her down the hill. Shhhh.
wow... i just broke three new year's resolutions at once.
I dig anyone who digs a good drink.
I never argue. I just explain why I am right.
Today I got to touch all the gross, crumbly, rotting books.
what happened?
Is it too geeky to say reading Machiavelli's The Prince makes me want to play Age of Empires?
RT: Our Debut Album KEEP EM FLYING will be out May 8th! Followed by Release show w/ at on May 17th.
Looks like the story on #Educare is airing this morning. Tune in and let us know what you think!
Does anyone else feel awkward in a waiting room full of people?
RT Why in the world do people have kids && they know they can't take care if them?!
ah thank you so much! your the best sweetie! p.s i do miss u!
they are in the same families as dogs and wolves, so yeah I guess in layman terms they're dogs
to hell with Bozo, it's all about the return of Fizbo!! Can't wait to see the episode!
RT : S/o to food is great.lol< thanks for the support tell all your friends about us!
RT: : Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test their character, give them power. -A. Lincoln
#tweetmovies - When Harry Tweeted Sally
me of course! I sold my iPad 1 a couple weeks ago in anti caption. Surprisingly I got $330 for just the wifi 16GB model.
Bottom line I hate Mondays.
Spring is more interesting than twitter.
Can't wait for Niggas With Coke/ coke boys 3 about to bump this until Excuse my french
Ask yourself this before embarking upon your career of Real Estate Investing-Do I have the commitment? The #1 attribute you must have!
Happy Sunday twitter family & remember - kindness cost nothing and knowledge is power!!
should've been
Its suppose to be nice for like the nest ten days.omfg thank you<3
good night!! tweety-bird!!
First tweet eva...what's good? Heading to the mall w and to get my shorty a gift for her b-day. Holler!
Download our album "Vulture" on #support the
I hope you can all stay Tuesday night. I want to stream a show about what we are doing there! cc
Does he love his guy fans?
Well, you're welcome to visit anytime :)
Of course, Christopher Plummer is not played off. Not that he should be. Octavia Spencer shouldn't have been either.
no :( wasn't in the cards for me this year.
I'm gonna be at graduation on Thursday so i better see you!!
Whasssssupp #MHCCIM???!!!! Can I get an RT???!!! Who's goin to the volleyball game tonight at Mt Hood? I'm shooting on the strobes! ;-)
I m-t mouse traps that's why I am the KING.
ha I will try... wife heading out there in a few month then we all gov in Nov, miss home jut not the snobs. :-)
that's a lot of white people.
Just got a wisdom tooth pulled,which though uncomfortable was still a more enjoyable experience than listening to a Mitt Romney stump speech
I believe cheesehead tv has a list of packers bars. Not sure if worldwide however.
you should come check out our new menu!
HA!! idk if everyone has seen it though
: you're both right on. more disappointed than annoyed. i can live with all kinds of imperfection, in order to connect.
Alrighty, the ladder set is up (: I can't wait to see what people think of it! Miss you, xox!
Kony 2012 needs to be stopped.
lol Sleep is the Reward for a Job well Done Big Man!! Enjoy!
Soo much to take in tonight. But know that I will always love and support you<3
this is an intriguing conversation :)
Just passed through Hattiesburg, Mississippi headed toward Gulfport. Scenery is pretty, but no way could I live here.
Thanks for the RT, buddy!
RT House to myself. Music full blast
Why play an edit of Foster The People? If the word GUN is that big of a deal bleeping it doesn't take away the message. Just don't play it.
Watching Whitney Houston movie "Body Guard".
HEY!! Fuck you buddy
self proclaimed best tweeter on this side of Vietnam, when do you arrive in the middle of America?
singing or speaking? Either way, good on you for taking it seriously. You've only one voice, +it's your instrument.
D-rose have mercy!!
Working without planning is Busy work.... Planning, setting goals and working towards those goals is Productive work...
mating bugs- go to Florida. They have the love bug; all it does is copulate. They are escapee from the science lab.
1 more hour and it's wine time with the lovely !!!
I got the Kit Kat World Variety yesterday! Different than I expected. Cool, though. :)
for sure!
best closer ever, yes. but i am not going to tell the man to call it a day. especially based on numbers achieved.
party over here lol
So sad your show moved to NatGeo Wild. That channel is not available in Charleston, WV. My dog, Bodhi, is sad too.
AMEN! I'm stressin.
Listening to a #Zero7 type mix and realizing how awesome #chilltango and #soundsutra is. Writing a new blog, will publish soon!
u have a great one urself! ;o)
Always cover your drink
At #cc12 in Baltimore, "LGBT & Labor: One Struggle One Fight workshop" begins at 10:45am, Holiday 4.
Pfft 60 is cold lol I'm a warm weather person.
You're the one wearing dumb ass heels not me so I'm just going to walk around you and your stupid huge bags and just scoot. Thanks
yeah ..how u been??
A black woman who let's you touch her weave!
That's the kind of guy you smell when he walks by. That's not moose shit!
hmm, maybe that's what Shoppach's trying to do with his bat...
Spring is here. Buy your mate an umbrella in his or her favorite color.
I bet they'll accommodate you....hope so!
Its going to be a beautiful day in Boston! Tia's is serving brunch from 10am to 2pm
That's okay. Jumanji is on and I'm supposed to be studying.
Best food ever (:
wow I'm so jealous right now D: soo purddyy there, looks like you had fun :]
I want to see titanic in 3D!!
why we so coo
Dave and Busters is tripping with there party setup. Gotta find a new venue.
Math teacher is the biggest dumbass. We all failed a test, guess that means we're all bad students? Oh yeah, because that makes sense...
Only 1 hour left of our #BlackFriday #Sale - 10% OFF EVERYTHING in our store until 12pm today! We will see you soon!
Studying at the lib with
Looking forward to this session on "Big Data and APIs for PHP Devs". May come in handy for an upcoming project.
It you wanted me to stick around put the effort in while I still care. Cause once a girl stops giving a fuck that means your shit outta luck
It's officially official, I'll be making my travel arrangements for China on Monday. I should be leaving Pittsburgh April 5th.
that's very true haha
Thanks for the kind words. I am always in a state of shock after those things - mostly because I can't remember what I said.
My sweater-free day was a big bust. Perhaps today?
Our sales team earned a pamper day today! I'm getting a mani/pedi later. How do you reward your employees?
SHUT UP!!! Lol
ur a pussy
New to instagram... Let's see how this goes...
why r u crying?
Thanks for getting the word out about our Android giveaway to celebrate First Then Visual Schedule on Android!
lol. I'm basically right there then! On official business, of course.
Hey #TransformDH: srsly, get in touch w/Christine DeLucia (Yale) about her critically-sharp work on US indigenous history & digitization.
where we gettin' pizza when you're home? Donato's, Larosa's or Dewey's?
Waiting on the street. All the smiling faces passing by. Fucking tourists.
DEVIL GET UP OFF ME:-\
Damn what did I do for the un-follow lady friend?
Pretending is like hiding your good quality, skills, and achievements.Just be truthful even if dont care. Being honest is important in life.
Jizz In My Pants
So happy beat us to it! Approval Addiction is 2.99 this month! Download this #ebook to your favorite reader
Should have a rough cut of Home Brewed ready this Thursday! Can't wait to see you guys in action!
Tweet of the morning: "Shaquille O’Neal earns Doctorate of Education degree" (Via )
KU losing was my birthday gift to you. :)
what's good prima!
Doing great, how about you? Got a cool surprise coming if you are going to be around a bit :)
Do I lose man points by having #tanning lotion named "Snookie"?!
I totally agree and nothings wrong wit that :-)
Great Motivational speaker, ! RT : Kemy Joseph! The Art of You R Awesome!
Gooch's team pulling an amazing comeback. Sporting 3 - 2
arrrggg, cant keep my eyes open,
you are a real Golden Girl.
thanks for the follow! I look forward to tweeting you :-)
RT : I pray 4 & eagerly w8 for govt. Gridlock!!! #tcot>stop feeding this monster and it will die!!!
Oh well, eoc's are over for me I don't care.
We will be revealing the FIRST DELICIOUS LICKS FLAVOR tomorrow!!!!
We have 2 pairs of tix for tmrw's super sold out Club show; top 2 haikus wins you +1 on guestlist. Deadline 5pm tonight! xo
What is my obsession with nachos about lately? All varities and flavors!
Final film showings (cont): Very Extremely Dangerous, The Source, Tchoupitlas, Sun Don't Shine, Reconvergence, & Lovely Molly (2/2)
Was it over when the German bombed Pearl Harbor? Possibly. I think 90 percent of #Orioles games feature this comeback video in the 9th.
Only if I have Natalie Portman tag along.
#3 - Just do it
How 'bout and in Philly?
Partying with my Masonic brothers in maryland. Good night
“Customer experience is the new advertising department.” - Max Kalehoff, author
Great, thank you! We look forward to it!
Perfect Sunday evening track • RT : 10:55 The Pines - Shiny Shoes
Don't apologize for being a man; embrace your natural desires and instincts.
How about Trulucks on Westheimer? I had my birthday dinner there. Awesome food.
lunch plans? Sobelmans with the Mrs and I?
Do you remember the supply side economics of the early Reagan days.
That horrible moment when you find out that the boy you've always thought was soo sexy, is gay.... :(
If OKC is this much better than the Lakers how crappy are the Nuggets?
Morning coffee after a great night of drinks and catching up with an NC friend in San Francisco. Thanks Brian! (@ Cafe La Flore)
Nanas up on that iPhone negros....
Black people are officially fed up with 's bullshit.
YES YES YES RT : Kobe and Kevin Durant coming.
Just cruised over the 35k mark in the novel. The words must flow. :)
Every time I use the word "share" (or -ing, -ed) I'm afraid I'm going to type "shart" and embarrass myself.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!118
Really, 90210? ": CW has renewed Supernatural, The Vampire Diaries, and 90210..."
Follow , he's interested in personal communication and productivity.
Thank you for the follow! See you soon!
Glad you applied. Thanks for spreading the word!
I found where everyone in MKE was hiding: the West Allis Target's electronic dept.
I want to be part of the generation that when we leave this world, everyone has had a chance to know real love. Everyone.
SMILE CUZ... your beautiful.
ha! Sounds really fun:]
You let me down tonight girl. I hope you used this time to get your head together.
"Rock With You" is a popular song title. Can you think of any musical acts that perform this track?
If we all gave a little more emotionally, physically, and financially to just one person we could make a huge difference.
Yes!! #headshots RT : My manager: "My screen is awash in bright colors of yellow, orange, and green! Very fun!"
and this is why you're my favorite
the BOMBlette- bacon, eggs, cheese, hashbrowns
Haha okayy :p ": Me!!!!!!: I still have cookies left... Who wants some?(:"'
Happy Birthday and #FF to and
Hill's 1B ends Hamels' streak of consecutive batters retired at 18.
my pleasure!
I have waited all my life to see Roger Sterling in a pink towel turban.
Iconoclastic Invert!! :D I like it!
so much fun killing time with everyone - #SXSW house party at 3pm today, DM us for address
THEY DID?!
Looking at this formative Kentucky roster, I'd think the guy other than Davis that Calipari wants back most would be Doron Lamb.
Boris Johnson, Conservative party, referred to phone hacking as Codswallop (Sounds dirty doesn't it?)
Cool pic. Are you in Chicago today? Or is that from your last trip?
All the Chicago sports teams lost tonight.
You make me dream about Paris all day long!
loves that her face hurts from cracking up for the last hour and a half.
hope brother. HOPE
Trying out Tweetdeck again after a couple of years haitus. Got spooked by the little chirping update popup.
Miles Stroth Workshop tonight.
not disagreeing about problems that we should fix, just that attacking women and their costume choices is an effective approach
The future starts today, not tomorrow. ~ Pope John Paul II
What's worse? Forcing a female child to have sex or forcing a young boy to murder his parents? This guy makes kids do both!
Really? I agree it fules the fire!! Those that say you can't are just too afraid to try themselves.
Damn all the ladies here at the gym today lol
-pretends to have an injury from painful grass-
You look great. Very classy. Very sexy. I like you like this better.
653 on direct tv.Heat game
one of my colleagues who took TV Highway and left two hours ago is still in Beaverton. Maybe I'll just stay here.
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are in Chicago this Thursday night at LaSalle Power Co,!
Each Sub culture in Miami is so interesting,unique & awesome! What a great life here we all have living in Miami Florida <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><U+26BD><U+26BE><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00BE><U+26F3><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B1>
Frankly, we speak very little about our company, products and services – our tweets are focused on education.
Miss my mom
And I love u you, just thought I let you know! <3
Good vibes and happy thoughts <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Back to work. Does anyone know the numbers for the next power ball drawing. would like to stay home next year.
David Stern sucks...
I love Tina Fey. I'm thoroughly enjoying Bossypants, but I do almost wish it was just a bit more...memoir-y.
lol. I that case, I wish alcohol on the plane wasn't so expensive!
again, it's 2:30am and my eyes are glued to the pages of the hunger games.... I dont ever read either, this is odd for me, but I love it.
what day do you get in this week. Would like to catch up. Text if you want. 4143501423
Snuggle buddies >>>
maybe i'll be on later.. i really hope so... its hard to say bye...
I can't hear you, so I'll just laugh and hope it wasn't a question.
ok thats cool
You can't keep a legend in the shadows for long.
Exactly - like auto market research - when ask customers what they want? more cupholders - not a completely new design!
From UW Coach Bret Bielema: Aaron Henry will return punts and James White will return kicks. Ricky Wagner will start at right tackle
Also "don't let me die" is available on Itunes Now!!! Check your local listings when/where airs in your area!!! May 15 #EXCITED!!!
#glutenfree Cream puffs are almost gone. No surprise really.
Me-Lol I love Jerry! Mom-Me too! He is so cute.. Me- O.o Ma I dont think we are talking about the same Jerry...
thanks for the RT yesterday. I appreciate it.
I really hope I get a visa into heaven tomorrow, otherwise I guess I'll have to sneak over the gate...
Follow back?
Ryan Anstett is a DP/Cinematographer and post production Editor. We are so pleased to have him on our team.
Good morning, Cynthia! Have a wonderful Wednesday to you too! :-)
Trainer Trey is about to embark on a triathlon training odyssey. <Insert pun about the number 3 below>
u ASSHOLE MEGAN U HURT JENNA AGAIN IM FUCKIN DONE
Walk softly and carry a big stick, you will go far. Not in Seattle today!!!
Pissed off already this early in the morning
Enough of this cloak and dagger crap OSU... Is Meyer the coach or not?
Ole! May is national salsa month. Here's a toughie: What's your favorite local Mexican joint? Are you team Allende or Frontera Grill?
why not? LOL
Getting our booth ready for the PGA Show. Orlando is nice in January.
I don't think Vokoun had an overall shitty season.
thank you!
YAY! Go Hayley and Baby G!
Someone will hire Petrino in a year or two and get a hell of a steal
just hit 100!!!
I guess My chances of seeing her on April 22 is none !:(
hee hee - I feel the same way, book piles a hazard in my house and office but the egalleys help with the clutter
Haha King who? Dirk is the man.
is that a joke?
can never be too cautious...
He'll never make it to the NBA ..you gave him weak ankles out the gate.
Dear entercom ghost... Stop bothering the leave the studio!
When I was younger a friend dreamt I was gaybashed at a club & he promised me he'd never let me get hurt. He saved me from getting shot 3x.
So on ur show tonight was a band named "Wallpaper" with a song called "Fucking Best Song Ever." It is the worst song ever.
That song is my karaoke special
happy birthday, hope your day is amazing. :)
": is it 5:30 yet? can't wait to see the loves of my life, and #datenight"
tv sucks...pulling out the Kindle <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096>
RT : #ThingsThatINeed someone to do my hair for me everyday
On the work travel docket for 2012: Denver, Vegas, and NOLA. So psyched!
Good morning, Nick.
i love that miss piggy is on
Working with & today.... oughta be a great day!
If you ever need someone to talk to, I'm here for all of you.
I guess is hot now.
are we making waffels if so I can bring eggs, spray, syrup, amd whisk
SA STILL LOVES YOU!!!!
I was arguing for general ed not being about distinct pockets of learning but being about connecting learning & disciplines.
Wonder what it will take to move Rickie out of lead off spot...
Twilight on Telemundo!
Awh but y'all were at animal kingdom haha why not Hollywood studios or magic kingdom?? ahahaha
they hating on you sweetie
Phony reviews on #Google #places a thing of thing past? #Google listings took a hit today, many popular social sites' reviews are gone...
From fortune cookie: Every truly great accomplishment is at first impossibe.
Cant wait for The NBA Playoffs This SAturday and Kell Pavlik vs Sergio Martinez this Saturday
writing an essay i gtg
... is cooperating on a preservation plan proposal for restoration of a historic property in Cobb County. I love consultant work!
Tweetup is over. Will post pics tonight. Thanks for following. We had a blast! Learned a lot.
Yes, he is touring with them as far as I can tell
did you know she's in Chicago directing a play?
Social Media is not free. Your time is money! So when you're spending 4 hours on facebook, what is it costing you?
. wins the "name that tune" competition. For any tango tune. There isn't even any competition, really.
come by _EVilla for Orchard Lounge tomorrow.
false. Sorry to burst your bubble
My prayers tonight will be focused on PATIENCE ...I need some <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Yup Omg Geo pepiled to my messeage on FB :D He sais that hell try his best to make a live webchat!
good luck with demo day! might see you tonight.
Perhaps an important detail: <- Atheist
Thank he had the song turned up loud!
Thank you mom for sending me with a case of #vernors :)
hey stranger! Have a good day?
National e-invocing Fora already set up in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Germany, Ireland (cont)
Ah, thanks. Keep watching; there's a lot more where that came from.
Thanks for coming out! Drive safe! “: Long day at saw some great stuff. Calling it a day.”
I hope I never have to use a cane/walker when i'm old <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B4>
RT : Showing physicians their performance via HIT allows them 2 compete w/each other 2 score higher on KPIs including quality
Seeking #PMP certified project managers for opportunities in #Albuquerque. Contact me at to learn more.
Thanks for playing our song!
Wow! Part 1 of the Holiday feast! Thank you :-)
“I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel”
Where in the world are you traveling nowadays? We haven't heard from you in a while.
I think I learned all the words to that in '99 when I was at the All-Star game at Fenway. It was the only thing they played.
what are yall talking about down there?
omg yes. my friends Austin. I just hug them because it must be hard to be blind.
what for?
That's a lot of sexy naked people!!
any word on lifting the suspension? I sent my ticket 2 days ago.
lmao whatever. Ok deal. But u have 2 visit me 2. I'll never talk 2 u ever again if u don't. Lol.
Live music weekend starts tonight with Group Therapy. Then you take the stage for karaoke at 10pm!
"Many more words to describe sadness than happiness" How many words to describe connectedness? More than those two combined?
Yeah, but think of all the mayhem we could incite being in the same city.
I sent it.
im in school really bored so I thought I would try to talk to bailey soo HII bailey(:
I swear you speak a different language ... I don't even attempt to read your tweets anymore lol
NIGHTMARE ALLEY's carnys enter the Jim Crow South: "dark and bloody land where hidden war traveled like a million earthworms under the sod."
To awaken quite alone in a strange town is one of the pleasantest sensations in the world <U+FFFD> Freya Stark
“: Enjoying show? Pretty crazy watching myself on NBC. Is that the sound of grant tinker rolling over?” I'm loving it.
I don't feel good at all right now :/
i thought i saved my rough draft but i didnt, so now i have to write four pages all over again
I started shit in
Thank you. :)
"Cuz the possibility, that you would ever feel the same way about me, it's just too much, just too much."
Free admission for NM residents, this Friday at the O'Keeffe Museum in Santa Fe! (via )
James Rodgers snags the ball away from the defender for a 28 yard TD! Canfield delivers a great pass. OSU up 23-21 with 14 seconds in half.
I've been good too, busy with school & junior year. Lol
can someone explain how 2p2 could possibly be down for two weeks after getting hacked, i mean this is 2012 not the late 90's right
At this time we have no available appointments today. Appointments for Tuesday, Wednesday & Thursday still available.
Thx. Pls tell Tim from Colorado I said hello.
"I know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty or give me death" - Patrick Henry, March 23rd, 1775
Can't believe I've been silent on twitter for so long... time to get back into tweeting!
thank you for the follow!
Had a great time talking today! I lived in Oz for a while, always love chatting with people who visited. #Amazing place
Welcome to our new Twitter Account!
Haha that only works if there's a link that adequately describes my view. Then again, I don't read all the con nudie mags.
Stfu Sometimes I Mean Damn... Smh
Yea.. I fucked that tweet up .. So.. Bitch I'm grown .
Your face...i like that shit (;
Tweet your ridiculous #mylifeisny experiences, we'll retweet the best
how magical was today?
thank you :-)
wow u lame foe that
Agreed! RT : #RamonWOW #SMSS by far the best presenter of the event!
Just spent way too long debugging PHP not working properly with relative path symlinks, file_exists() was returning false.
Are your walls a dark color? Make sure you have ample lighting. If there are shadows in certain rooms, consider new lighting fixtures!
First day of class done, now I'm on my way to *gulp* Le Mart of Wall to get some toiletries and ramen til Friday. Xoxo
-.- never texted back! Thats fucked up......
Caesar Salad special today! A Full GIANT size of our crisp Caesar salad for only $5.50 served in your favorite pizza bowl!
I'm answering phones tonight-call in and donate to a GREAT cause!! RT : PRT : Help us put the beatdown on kids cancer...
the lock in
I'll invite :p
#Palomar board proposing to use parking ticket money to help keep the college afloat, with extra $1 million flowing into general fund.
I have a song by The Offspring stuck in my head.
:) hey Bryan. have a great weekend. Go Heels!
96 degrees and about to tee off. This is Wisconsin wtf
Waddup doe FLY people????
moulting of the knee socks.
Good morning! Happy Friday<U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
It's 2012 grow up and get it together, NOW!
shyt bro posted wats good wit u
Somebody told me RT : How you know RT : If they don't get it out a Jar.... It ain't LOUD.
you are awesome....from a mother of 5 teenage girls I am grateful for your message and your impact!
will realize soon that he can't hang w the real side of the TZ bridge...
rain check bruh, my whip still trippin'
Thanks for the MT
thank you! please pass around.
Happy Valentines Day <3
“Love is holy because it is like grace--the worthiness of its object is never really what matters.” Marilynne Robinson
Pizzano's pizza, best in Chicago! RT : sounds like a good time...where's dinner at?
Your failure in life will be because of who you choose to dishonour and your success in life will be because of who you choose to honour.
Check out my website and download a copy of Integrative Nutrition There is no one-size-fits-all diet – discover what works for YOU! Lear…
On my way to Disney for the day(: If you can dream it, you can do it. -Walt Disney
Thanks - Glad you liked it. How are you enjoying #Pinterest?
Thanks Danny! Wait until you see Drumageddon Manhattan in Times Square NYC. Going to be insane!
Does everybody have their lotto tickets? Mega Millions is now over $640 million!!!
#TheStepShow was fun and my Sorors got down. E-YIP
Turn off the noise, crank up the music-
Such a buzzkill too!!!
you would when im at school!
Hate a bitch that trys to be in compatition with you #You are now hahaha>>>>
How do you get 1,000 Jews in a phonebox? Throw in a pound coin. How do you get them out again? Tell them it's a gas chamber.
minutes b4 Titanic hit Iceberg 100 yrs ago, radio operator on ship nearby, refused to convey warning re: ice - too busy w/ personal messages
Sacrificing studying for some Zac Efron
especially because medieval settings dominate the bulk of RPGs! Something abt stereotypes of that time is v appealing 2 gamers
thanks for rollin' through! Good to see you again!
Lacrosse: Lights shine on New Bern lacrosse - New Bern Sun Journal
That could be a whole line of bumper stickers. Friends Don't Let Friends Tweet About What They Had For Breakfast
When will we see another Steve Jobs? Will We? Modern corporations are designed to prevent the rise of single, independent innovators...
you would ha ha RT": “: this guy next to me is so adorable :)”thank you:)"
I promise you no other nigga can treat you better than I can..
I remember i used to put "paola wuz here" everywhere when i was in 6th grade. Lolol
Next #artist showcase is May 10th @ Martini Ranch! Amazing local #artists at The Blend Showcase!
Im mad AF .
Woohoo! MT Good morning #Nats fans. Yr team has a winning record & Nats Park gates open in 24 hrs. Good morning indeed.
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow <U+E32D>
shout to p.s i heard ur going to the slide night muhahahahahah
Chris Elliott!!
how was it? Sugoui?
Happy Birthday! You're one of the reasons Houston's worth it.
Ok bar crawl on to the next one...
Models- 5 page websites. Upload your port, videos and music. 10 dollars is the price. Hit me up for details
All I ask is you assess referee performance like you do players. If a ref does poor he should be reprimanded.
I need a session today tryna get it in wit waddup lol
Fascinating: 50 Years Of Government Spending, In 1 Graph
I might have wrote some obscenities to you on FB?. :)
Hey in case I'm not on the Twit over the weekend (sometimes I try to disconnect) have a great mom's day!
bahaha just saw that. you know me well sir
Thanks for the FF! We added a new homepage for playstub.com. What do you think?
Some of the episodes are sheer genius (though some are pretty uneven). I'm a sucker for deadpan though.
working with a client on their Debossed iPad2 Cases. Thanks Nathan!
#incaseyoudidntknow I'm a Libra
Thanks for pouring our '07 Cigare variants with dinner last night, Jeffrey! (Dinner sounded great, btw.) Happy Holidays!
Got a project to present today and I can hardly talk. Ugh
Catching up on tweets
Bout to eat some cake
cut back on the klonopin.
I've used the same password since my junior year of high school.
UVa has bunches... Wish checked out bike pumps like does!
Aaron - Great picture!
"It is true that scars remind us where we've been, but they don't indicate where we're going"
#ThoughtsAtWalmart were the hooverround things at I wanna race haha
I successfully became a 13-year-old girl again over the holiday.
A Great article: moneywatch.bnet.com/career-advice/article/government-jobs-how-to-get-them/344044/
Give me a sign... Hit me baby one more time.
I need in on your teams
Possibly, this is my off week for my wed night class. Its every other wk. I'll shoot you a txt tho if I get out of work on time
Follow us and we'll follow back!
it can be a creepy feeling.
I have been reading Johns' Nature of the Book and thinking how applicable it could be to modern info issues.
yes, let's do it! Commonplace at 10? Or something later?
yea I checked out the table and it was juicy then saw the list and it had like 20 names
eh, I only did it once, some of the gals are pretty into it. just taking what the FSD crew says and making it dirty!
They whipped Him all night long.
So our last status brought up a monster of a question. Is there a song by Led Zeppelin thats truly their best?....and if so, WTF is it?
The one wish I want to come true. Wanting you to feel and see the way I do towards you.
Thank you! deserves the majority of the credit. She did the nomination and she is amazing.
Hopefully Coach Miles stays at CSU. There isn't ANY sum of money that would make me agree to live in NEBRASKA!
Spending the day in the workshop and the studio. Time well spent.
<U+200E>"The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me".---Ayn Rand (who & what are u letting stop U from your dreams?)
My phone's gps is insisting that I'm in Norman, OK. It still looks like Afton to me, but my commute tomorrow may be longer than expected.
If You Feeling Some Type Of Way Then I'm Talking About Chu !
“: Congrats to you both...our 9th anniversary was yesterday!!!! ”
RT : I'm killin my battery cause I got it looped!!!
OMG! Mowgli! He looks so cute! I wanna hug him so bad right now! He looks so cuddly :D & he's doing the superman pose!!!
i Wish People Would Stop Saying That i Have Hoes. -_- i Know A Lot Of Females. Not Hoes, Bitches, Sluts.
In 4 years is 11-1 on opening weekends. holds the only loss. 2 hits 0 ER against Binghamton. Way to leave a mark
I use Google Apps for my personal account - any chance in extending the Personal plan to include Google Apps for Your Domain?
thought you may like that - esp after your tweets last night ;)
Biggest fears: falling into sidewalk grates, zombies, and vagina.
mayday didnt come I still have to see wtk
Badgers draw Manhattan in 1st round, would face Boston College/Texas A&M winner in 2nd round
Hi New York, Hi Seth! my usual Ed Hardy shirt was torn by pigeons. It took me weeks to find that same one. I found a few & bought them all.
ha ha saw the FB comment God pants!!!
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups of the day are Potato leek soup and Butternut Squash. Sugar Free lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
Starting to think about fading #Ravens . Pollard can't cover, older on d, lackluster weapons for flacco, oher's pass pro struggles... Hmm
oh I have some wonderful news for you miss! :D
Car crushing sounds fun.
Potential of #Pinterest will be interesting to watch, new blog post coming soon Thanks for your replies!
~ I just didn't want u getting on a plane 2nd guessing ur talent. I wnt u 2 B the dominant player I knw. Just win baby! lol
Crybabies of twitter be warned. We don't care how much your life sucks. Shut the fuck up
#ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo Hate on Hot Pockets
Speaking of #MothersDay, heading with moms and family to Catalina Island for three days of fun. Leaving by boat @ 3pm. :-)
Must find the patience to keep from attempting a system upgrade until I get settled in
have a safe trip Momma! (:
So gay coffee gets cream in it, right?
what is it
let us know your favorites!! ;)
yurp it does...
Looking forward to redesigning developmental math courses talk at Innovations 2012.
Hey fellow folks - I've had the honor of sharing my story with Check it out and RT! Thank you for your support always!
"When asked if he would throw a fastball or a breaking ball, Cross replied, "Heat."" -Boston Globe
IKKKKK ah it's going to be so fun
#GOD does NOT want you killed by your #abuser(s)
Any good insights in particular?
He's being trained indoors on papers (pads taste good!). Good one day=treats/Next morning he'll go on floor not on papertray
Express Lube is givin away CENTER COURT FRONT ROW SEATS to an upcoming Spurs game. Visit www.expresslube.com to enter.
? how much? Bekay
“: If you connected Anthony Davis and Joe Flacco's eyebrows, you could circle the globe twice.”
Survey for my followers
"Burn baby burn, She's a witch, she's a witch nd I'm a heretic, So learn."
LOL!!! Cheap shot Till!! Doodlejump gotta pick up some weight tho
At home bored out of my mind, with nobody to talk to.
Just how did the supposedly most chill semester turn into the busiest, most stressful one?
At #TEDxEmory Event is running like a clockwork while the ideas are ticking in my head! (via ) (via )
Awe Avengers is a cute movie :) haha
yummy, check it out! I thoroughly enjoyed my burrito!
#BeliebersAreAliensBecause We are to sexy to be humans.
<U+266A><U+266A> Music Is My Life <U+2665>
Turning it around! Why? Because I'm a winner! :)
RT ": Man... May hands down has the most birthdays."> October has way more
Cold lifesavers are so fucking bomb.
Magnum P.I. Juniors T-shirt Hawaiian Life Turquoise Tee Shirt
very cool gun
never. on. twitter.
Hello Twitternation! It's a beautiful day in my city!
Quality is never an accident. It is always the result of intelligent effort. - John Ruskin
Making the decision about which apartment to go with is going to be hard.
It was so fun! The baseball game was awesome! Beers soon!
Don't forget has added an additional screening tonight for the midnight shorts at Oriental Theatre. Really worth seeing.
grilled cheese stuffed pretzel. YUM!
I tried to retweet your reply but I couldn't dammit. A new tweet will have to do.
that's why people love you :)
Remember #thegoldenrule treat people the way u would like to be treated...
I think you're onto something. (I'm ready for the group to leave the farm and find some consistent action again.)
"You can perform on my comedy show at ...you just need 1,195 friends to come.."- "Isn't there a fire code at this venue?"
It is necessary to try to surpass oneself always; this occupation ought to last as long as life.
Goodmorning (: so tired /:
Kill that show cuzzo!!! Yu got it mane...Im lovin how yu keep movin up like the jeffersons
#ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina For the Love of the Vagina
Take student loans out, and "there has been virtually no rebound in consumer credit since the Great Recession ended" says Jim Bianco.
Oh and BTW, Rihanna and Eli Manning are on SNL. Like everyone in the world is doing something OTHER than watching the #Spurs cook
Just let my dream man slip away
Should all response channels (phone, email, social) be real-time? If not possible, how do you prioritize?
I like William Orbit's solo music. Smartest lyrics on the dance floor.
same here hunty! Can we pack our stuff and go on a roadtrip?! ha
Then Tapie and ftp rebrand to create a "verizon" second site so to speak to not leave PStars as a monopoly. Pstars will be happy because
"ah yes the Bob Lob Law Law Blog. You sir are a mouthful."
Love family dinners!!
the basement of her house was dominated by a pedal-powered Singer sewing machine and a big dress-fitting dummy.
CRAFTY DEAL: Elisa Share (booth 163) is offering 10% off entire purchase when you mention seeing this tweet
Just Text me whenever you're free and we can hangout :] because i miss you and my jail bed. Lol
I was in the mood for a crazy movie :) It is like the first Mama Mia .. Though im going to be singing waterloo
Damn this coffee is good and chuck full of smart ass this morning. Must be all that law and order, I do love lenny briscoe
New #Brewers cap received. New Brewers shirts ordered. Now, where are those tickets?!? Come on , I am dying here.
figures. Oh well, what can you do.
I am totally team Sophie
She was great! I really enjoyed her talk.
Good work! Are you back in town?
Finally going home o:)
Free screenings: Girl in Progress at Cinemark 17 and Five Year Engagement at the Angelika Dallas.
it's a great book!
Thinking of what to get hubby for the big 4-0 coming up. Any suggestions?
This is the Make This Your Summer band twitter! Keep in touch!
I swear if one more t-shirt is acquired and introduced into this house, it might explode.
Is your business using Pinterest yet? Check out Kate Spade to see a biz do it right.
ribeye marinated in honey mustard sauce that sound good I would be stuffed too!
Stopped in to puck up winning prize then watched on news in lobby.
thank you for the work you are doing with youth.
answer me this ... What's TDA?
oh as do I, as do I.
Andrew Bynum is such a baby. And you wonder why the Olympic team doesn't want him
to pass one's life / a pamphleteer
May you live every day of your life.
WAIT THERE WERE TWO GLEE EPISODES !
Brazil's Rousseff achieves record approval: newspaper James Murdoch denies using papers to testify
well hii little birdie I miss you!!
Alice in Wonderland - Chapter 8. Child still awake. I'm sleep typing.
#WhyDoIAlways stay up late when I know I'm going to be exhausted in the morning? YOLO that's why. And because shut up thats why
Draw me a line, bent on itself, and I will tell you a story.
Why you talk so nasty
Just found out my ap chem teacher from last year lives in my neighborhood
My take: Fifty Shades of Grey appeals to adults who devoured Twilight and just want someone to talk about the sex already...
AGAIN! HELL YEAH
Wheel bearing went out in the truck God could this get any worse
Twitter is far better than FB for sure.
The correct one will be sent first thing Monday
Will Ferrell, Jack Black, or Emma Thompson as Rotwang The Inventor.
Here here RT : Even though I never met whitney her music touched all of us and we will ALL always love her..
Also is tomorrow your last day? If so, POP.
~ i've been following you for over 2 years ! can you follow me back ? ^_^
wats good twitter aint fux wit u in a min
Just came up on sum head phones
Lets go jimmy keep this lead up
why thank you ma'am
Holy tits! Wall-e is on!!!!
God may require your everything, but in return He will give you His everything, and there are no limits on God!
Job Opportunity: Linux Systems Administrator to configure, maintain and support Linux infrasructure. Interested? Call Maria at 617.262.1313
Like why would he even ask that?..
Awful hacks with no talent.
Is one of the most entertaining and best band ever i saw them at acoustic christmas it was so awesome yall keep rocking! :D
U can't keep inflecting hurt on others 2 mask your pain. U're beautiful & u would go much further by spreading sugar than salt
neat? fer sure
you should get in&out and get me a hamburger :-)
I'm making you a shirt. :P
I LOVE YOU ALSO! <3 &&I'm completely PUMPED to go on adventure, get into trouble, &what not this Sumner! #GonnaGetCRAZY! (:
If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business. -B. C. Forbes
The bulls gone when
I love thee to the depth and breadth and height my soul can reach. ~ Elizabeth Barrett Browning
June 5 may be hot as hell. How will you coax a potential voter out to cast a Barrett ballot?
Love hearing this Alisa! Thanks for making my day!
I thought so. I only knew one king haha. Allgood with you bro?
I was crying in the grocery store over my ex and then I fucking saw his mom. Awkward as shit.
She munch carpet and dick at the same damn time lol
Be quiet 20 year olds lol
Glad I'm not going to school tmrw.
sittin at da house waitin on jae n jaz to get out of skool so i cn meet them at da bus stop so we cn go to da library
I don't know about you, but I've lived in #Clintonville for 40+ yrs & have taken serious shit for it from Beechwold types.
It is better to deserve honors and not have them than to have them and not to deserve them. -Mark Twain
Mizzou and Norfolk. Brackets go boom.
You're welcome :)
Firehook offers a full range of wholesale breads, such as sandwich loaves, rolls and non-sourdough breads. Call (703) 519-8020 for info!!
do you guys come through Indiana any? I'd love to check out the dominator and meet the team.
Don't you dare be surprised!
Time to rethink my strategy....
miss you too!
thanks for the shoe tips!
Happy mood. Lol
Besides simple skin red spots and cherry angiomas, there are a several other angioma conditions .keloidsurvey.com
that didn't really work out as planned but hey, I got waffle house out of it.
You are hot with your clothes on and without! :)
I just lost some respect for Harbaugh. Keeping Cam will lead to new QB, RB, and Head Coach in the next 2 years.
I haven't gotten on either...we should get it in the next hour or so.
lol oh no!! you said he got that Big mouth bass face!!! said u look like balu from jungle book!
Dear Vanessa Hudgens, Amanda Crew and Taylor Schilling. I'm jealous. Sincerely, hope you know why.
STIX the CAT sez, "Love Dorothy Parker!"
I STARTED THAT omg famous
Nothing better than sitting on my deck in Wisconsin listening to the
flippin bad a** rock star you!!! YayYay!
RMFT!!!! : British boys are so cute.
I wonder if ABC will show "The Dictator" on the red carpet. He's there.
Interested in a follow4follow? Need free promotion? try the site on my profile. Never pay again for promo.
Watching Drake and Josh. :D
Pray. Fast. Repent.
you sir might just be in denial, I believe this one.
ooh naah dont worry i cant remember anything of that bad things i dont know why i forgot everything ;D
OMG, That is hilarious.
neil young-sedan delivery
thank you! I'll look into both of those :)
blah...im bored
weird. I'll try again.
Hi Angelo. It's his HRs AT HOME that amaze me. He's on a pace for 53 AT HOME. Maris when he hit 61 in '61 had 30 AT HOME !
We'll brave the winter! Are you coming one night? Or the whole weekend?
In terms of ballers, Pat Chung has to be up there. Ed Dickson had baller status. Jeremiah Johnson as well.
this explains why I'm waiting with baited breath to hear on my ArtPlace proposal...thanks
The votes are in: I prefer Campbell's Select Harvest N.E. Clam Chowder to their Chunky N.E. Clam Chowder. It was close.
“You remind me of my Chinese friend. Ug Lee” LOL no worries tho, u guys are beautifur
By that logic states shouldn't have anything to do w/marriage either. Plz don't hide behind "states' rights."
I would tell you to enjoy today, but I know you already are! Hope all is well, Dru!! 6 DAYS UNTIL THE DRAFT!!
Omg I LOVE this girl on Sports Nation!
Pauli :D
Yeah. I think that deserves profanity.
:Happy Happy Birthday... Baby!!!! Hope you have a awesome day!
Nice! RT : #1 pick? Hard throwing lefty with a big bat? Yes please!
I'm looking at a weird granny she has a small head
i got chu
We've come a long way from Paul Maholm throwing 8 shutout innings against the #Brewers in his ML debut.
Both my eyes are fading, no light in the evening, planted like a seed in sand and drowned in rain
Thanks for the follow!
Thanks for sharing!
On Thursdays we wear leggings
I'm not hating on Seattle, just responding to your msgs. They do a good job up there.
yes,but not in Chicago, bring back the Red Stars. WPS players r great role models.
Don't you dare cut your awesome hair....I know barbers around UK who could keep it clean and stylin'
Kicking it old school watching Goodburger!!! Great piece of cinema!!!
I remember when I was younger I though titanic was really boring... and now im like SOB SOB :( lol
wait the fight outside the inn? The cab driver had to get involved!!!
Going Into The Fashion Business :D Aunt Already Got Me A Deal<3
Tears Dont Fall - Bullet for My Valentine <33333
Had a ton of fun #flacon2012 and think next year will be awesome with Stites as the new prez! USF represent!
Mr Craven good afternoon, whats next??
I don't know that I would make it through that story - the headline alone gets me choked up!
you haven't retired yet have you?
i love you so much and i love how sweet and your hair is just amazing.
gurlll nun it ben awhile huh
no problem!! please check out our music video. i think you'll be pleasantly surprised! www.youtube.com/socontagioustv
is faster than the wings of a humming bird!
In my eyes, you're perfect.
Woot woot! Flip Flop Friday time! Come to SkyLounge tonight for a party with a view.
Everybody talkn bout the comedy show this Sunday @ Starlight Ballroom it's goin b funny as hell
shut up Noah!
Strands in nyc...luckily I have Mahalia Jackson on LPs. Stupid
Just checked the Blu-Ray! WOW! A must have item for all!
Yes it was really alive.
options for activities are dwindling--I gotta unfollow RT man with gun at farmers market @ the grove. people screaming.
Hope you are feeling better!
Life (and mystery) goes on...even at Wisteria Lane. At least that's the impression I got.
yeah me to. Now I'm singing, "She's your queen to be" Thanks guys!
Guru Guide v2 at the printers right now; can't wait to see published version. 1.2 million tickets is a lot of service desk data!
I beat you, crack of dawn!
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO! It's a fiesta at tonight! Stay thirsty my friends
I don't got the game on mute but I don't even hear the commentators, I've been just tuning them out
Gotta get ready for tomorrows photoshoot with Little =)
When I say "no thank you", leave it at that.
my dream come true RT : and you can rap all DMX songs.... ;)
Think it's time to call it a night..!
Pizza is hard to eat when you can't fully open your mouth
Looking at all these pics from the lil photoshoot lol which one ima use for the mixtape? Hm
Lets hit 300 fans today! Share the page and share the Chevy LOVE <3
Thank you! I'm still with WB till the end of January then on to Collective. I'm excited for this new adventure :)
SO thankful 4 my mom who gave me life & then many, many times, throughout my teens, decided not 2 take it from me. Heres 2 U mom...LOVE YOU!
Just checked the OWL assignment list there are alot of assignments due June 8th, favorite this tweet if your not gonna do them
Oh i didn't know you could follow yourself?
omg you freaking scared me!!!! xDD
See no evil, hear no evil, date no evil.
Get tips on doing it all at SPJ's "Backpack Journalism" program next Thursday, Oct. 13, 6:30 pm reception, 7 pm program, KGTV.
i'm craving for a juicy ass steak
do it! If will farrell can make it with bear, I think you can too!
If a problem can be solved, no need to worry about it. If a problem cannot be solved, what is the use of worrying about it?
*Silently, heading out into the living room for my phone and not giving a flying-fuck what time it is.*
She want them ray bands.
I would never want to be called "my woman". I am not property. Better half is better :)
I really want to see my texts. Lol I hope they transfer to my new phone..
So evidently I am no longer friends with
: So when can we expect a "Sho Go" iPad app?
WTF Kobe is trending HAHA HAPPY DAY HAPPY DAY
USC SPEECH - Madison Chaffin - 5th place - interpretation of poetry
Thanks for following Lisa!
Happy New Year Ladies! I hope you have a fantastic 2011!
thanks girl! And on the day of graduation is fine
Aarti, Just letting you know I'm on your team when it comes to Mishy's Mickey Mouse shirt :)
Got a new phone, & getting help for my bulimia... I love my life(:
Last day of classes, ready for what is in store for ALPFA Milwaukee next semester!
Thank you!
/ I see gamification via social media platforms becoming even more dominant in '12, creating killer new marketing channels.
This sub just yawned without covering their mouth and looked like a dinosaur...
I woke to see the Blue Ridge topped with snow. Rolling peaks sporting a mohawk of bare trees, glistening in the rising sun. Lovin' #Loudoun!
haha and i see the snapper came out!
Hi Niall! How are you? How is the new album coming along? :) xx
i thought if i could touch this place or feel it, this brokenness inside me might start healing.
Something isn't right, and I'm going to find out what.
how about the cupid shuffle
Scroggy cites degree as main reason for return.
thats the email?
If you continue practicing a bad habit like not improving spelling/grammar, imagine what your children will learn from you.
I MISS YOUU
I agree that Larry can score in double coverage
A1: My biggest pet peeve about a nonprofit sites is when they look like they were made from a template.
Join us Tonight at 7:30pm at your local Tavern spot for Trivia Night!! This week in Trivia: First in Irish Trivia, we celebrate...
“: They a doubt you until u make it” #fact and claim they supported you
Battle boredom in the bedroom - try playful new approaches to sex.
We're missing a purple Mac book that belongs to 1 of our members. If you've seen it or grabbed it by accident, please let us know. RT
#yes #Pens game on at our crab shack!! #winning!
RT : Today is the day that IE6 dies at work!!!! WOO /cc
There were big storms in memphis last night. I like storms so it was cool to watch.
If your gunna talk shit, atleast be able to back it up.
what are you going to school for?
NP! We are Orlando based and support the Orlando Community.
I have the tendency to wear my mind on my sleeve, I have a history of losing my shirt.
i wish i can take this shit off RT mine doing that too. all the activity is in my mentions
i love that statement. just for that iam bout to start following you
“: We talked, we flirted, we liked each other. You moved on, I moved on, but deep down, I still miss you.”
“: Halloween isn't really that different than any other day..everyone is still pretending to be someone or something they're not.
Hello, my loves, well tomorrow is the day I speak at a rally to congress to bring good jobs back into the community's of the District.
Happy Friday! Got any big plans for the weekend?
Oh is so cute, like me your picture <U+2665>
Should I go to Vegas for my birthday in June?
It's crazy that a Boston fan is rooting for TWO ny teams in the playoffs right now. Smh
is there an English-language copy of the Trajtenberg report available?
I cant see her
Interesting. We are going to have fun together.
#culturalmuseums very interesting discussion on race. Use your fame for good not just sponsorships
I crack up when you call him that. Lmao :p
I'm going with the old head tonight.
how are things? Been concerned about you in this poor economy.
OMG is right. How about the scissor move at the end? CRAZY!
What in the genetic roots of the African wildcat makes emery boards prime prey for domestic cats?
Steve Atkinson at Channel 10 News opening up #Teaonthetown event
All the Above is the official theme song of AEI in Sierra Leone 2011
#ThingsThatINeed some more headphones
u broke
these girls follow like twitter
Simple Plan - I'd Do Anything is on the radio. My heart. It aches with love.
If I'm such a slut and a hoe and you wanna push me then why did you say your sorry?
Agreed. Lots of poignant moments like when they asked Rita about the other women and children. And Cedella's honesty.
Music Choice|Hit List now playing Enrique Iglesias/Usher "Dirty Dancer" Euphoria 2010
Spending time at the Goldsboro YMCA this morning, asking community members what they think about city plans for new air force museum.
Whoa. Missed the FG!
give us a warm round of applause people!!
It's finally time for !!! Turn on right now!
Our little kiddies are performing tonight at the Downtown Aquarium! Come check it out from 7 to 11. Free dancing under the #HTown skyline!
Love that #IDleg prayer names Christ the only savior...then proceeds to deify Lincoln.
If you're at for #tedxkc, go see Bill Viola's video installation The Raft. It'll have new meaning in light of climate talks.
Mom & dad are stuck in Portland until Monday. I just landed in Cleveland. Have an hour layover and then home!! Stay safe & dry everyone.
I may or may not bring it in on Monday......
The big day for and Really excited and honored to be a part of it!
come visit us at awp! we're with open thread, table F15
Don't forget: the #TTOT hashtag is your connection to the community during the week, as well.
I am jealous!! Omg! I can't wait haha. It'll be fun!(:
dig your music dude! keep writing
Trick or treat, .
such a right of passage for everyone. enjoy the day bev.
Code-names for telegraph messages become a principle of thrift in a domain structured by geography, and not the author-function (Foucault).
I'll be there Wednesday and Thursday. Thursday morning I present my poster!
Nashville Academy of Rock will be performing 5/5 at 6:30pm! Show is free and we invite you and a friend!
After discovering that my scribe likes to randomly skip over 200 lines of the poem I'm transcribing, I'm back editing my Camtasia video!
wish my hut niggas was wit me!!SOUNDCLASH!!
Swedish or American?
Feeling good ass fuck!!! Text me. Hola at Me @ 305?401 4573!!!! Hit me up
Dude, make that happen! #Thankmelater RT : Hopefully I can finish #HungerGames tomorrow evening and start
what, no helicopter tracking his car like Tiger?
I wish i could change the way things happen
My favorite 2010 memory is getting to go to 10 shows on the Shout it out tour for my honeymoon!!!
It's about time Jay is showing some gumption!! I guess he's finally getting tired of hearing us say how Gibbsy was way better.
Would I change Anything About me? No Not at all Except me for who I am other Wise Fuck Em, Fuck Em, I'm Screaming Fuck Em #Rick Ross
Not happy with your butt? Come into Lexington Plastic Surgeons for a free Brazilian Butt Lift consultation- Call 888-LEX-DOCS
I just woke up in a waffle house
Come by and see us at next week! We will be giving away jetbrains personal licenses!
And since you picked up I know he's not around
Shout out to my enemies
since you're obsessed with music, you should take a listen and see if we're worthy enough to be on your iPod :) ---
'American Idol' Elimination Predictions: Not Looking Good For Jacob And Stefano
Nature FREAKS me out!!!!
"She's blind, dammit" A. Spooner
The market returns this Saturday with great fall harvests and more artists!
They changed Tumblr...
Waking up + heading downstairs to munch leftovers from last night's festivities = awesome. Candied bacon, biscuits, + pie. Happy New Year.
We, who look on with critic eyes, exempt from action’s crucial test, Human ourselves, at least are wise, in honoring one who did his...
Ugh Arlington
FAKE AS FUCK!!
hm...are you revealing something about yourself Nelly Nelle?
nope, I like it too.
no i thought i was, but its actually dallas
first time on twitter
I don't make mistakes. I make prophecies which are immediately proved wrong. ~ Murray Walker
Day 1 of interviews & field observations for a new project. Lots to do this week, but good to be working on new tool designs.
Yanks finally winning.
#NowShowing Ronald Reagan's Induction Ceremony 1981 on DVD; Criterion Collection's Stan Brakhage: An Anthology: Three Caballeros
please follow
u have a lot of life ahead of u, u have a lot to look forward to, hang in there. U r a beautiful person, u have a lot to offer!
good deed?? Ill give u some ideas.
You are cordially invited to go fuck yourself.
We fucking suck.
Not sure what you are talking about?
Going to be on The Break Room with Joe McBane from this morning around nine. Check it out
Mac Mac Mac Mac Mac
Keeping score of old scores and scars, getting even and one-upping, always makes you less than you are.
Exhaustion creeping, can't be sleeping, the mind keeps heaping, ounce after ounce of tick tock tocking into my dream filled waking.
Can we just promote Rob Wooten to the majors already? He can't do any worse than the guys we have in the pen right now.
Just attended an incredible service at the new campus in Coral Gables. So grateful for the new location in my neighborhood!
Come meet the Jager Girls and Boys at 1pm- 3pm today. Jager shots only $3
Thanks, you too!! :)
come live with me! Miss you handsome!
props for that! I envy runners...just thinking about running makes me anxious and tired.
i've been CRAVING a ginger mint slush since i tried one at Smorgasburg earlier this summer! return to 15th/Irving please? :(
top of the morning homie
Talking "scalable inefficiencies" with Love the concept...
Thanks to all the rushes that came out this semester! Good Luck!! -UB_AKPSI
Got to see a massive fog bank rolling in at sunset. Beautiful.
mr belding is in the building behind the announce table
is the #raddest person on this planet. 'Nuff Said. To return the favor, our next song is just going to be titled "Alexa"
Tanner Corbridge: Culture can eat your strategy for lunch.
Be still and know that I am God. Psalm 46:10
Feeling all the muscles in my back *clapping* :-) thanks to &
You, me and ! Great date! How about the orig first? Can't wait for a new one to open!
I got that bieber fever!
Hey Chad always happens like that. You say he I am here but you tell them that so they don't have you waiting.
the day i discovered lucky charmz...lol
Whats up internet people? I need some freaking followers
Did You Know? - As per World Bank estimates, about 40% percent of Indians ( over 480,000,000 People ) are extremely poor. - - Rao Tuthika…
It's a record breaking 82 degrees in Portland right now! What did you do to celebrate the heat today?
Felling like a good samaritan helped a lady fix her fllat just now with
It's not I started dating him or anything!!
need to write this paper so i can go to a hockey game with my fam!
I want to go to Disney World.
I miss him :(
Like our page on Facebook for more offers and deals. Richcapper777
Leon Helm, dead at 71. RIP
brewers bottom of the order is terrible
Success…seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don’t quit. Conrad Hilton
Following Decatur city council elections...We'll have the results tonight at 10pm on WAND.
I'm such a night person <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099>
Best restaurants in Dallas/Richardson/Plano for a lacto-ovo vegetarian?
alex pardee is genius
Hugo Campbell Grossman. Or possibly Willie.
You all are doing great things!!
Nobody on Twitter wants to listen to your machine tweeting. What we really want is to be loved.
another beer on the RSL vs SKC game? :-)
Gee... Way to ruin a happy almost romantic moment -.-
O yum sounds like i need you in my kitchen
N BrazilLovesAustinMahone E
Those Guys have a show tomorrow night at The Headhouse. 122 Lombard st. 18 to enter 21 to drink. $7
- hey, you're in my neighborhood! I'm a college essay coach.
Brand New Site at www.theaterconnects.com TODAY! It's the roughest possible form, but please visit, create your profile and submit feedback!
anytime! Now enjoy the weekend!!!
Stave completes another pass to Williams, 3rd and 8 for No. 2 offense. Cardinal (No. 1s) up 21-10 over White after 3 quarters.
RT : Free appetizers today @ Sprechers....get the code word at www.phreeps.com
The current state of the music industry shows you that it's not about who's the most talented...
I pooed my pants okay Bryan now it not dirt
my bad I guess I could have been more clear. Your dope!
Leif Totusek and I to play again at Shadowland in west Seattle 9pm March 26th, been too long...it's like church.
i got my schedule for school and i dont have gym for the first time ever
You have too many friends to allow any new friends.
Excellent! This is an amazing resource.
Round of Applause
Sticky D
where are you at 5:30?
cut it. Keep up the bounce.
thanks bro!
The May Friends of the Bear Creek Library Meeting
what SETisode was your favorite to make??
Mark Diaz pitching some new real estate startup idea at #rets curious to see what it'll be! Cool guy, entrepreneurship person at UMemphis
power authority & title don't matter RT : Influence is not a right bestowed through promotion, it is earned.
"if you have to cry, go outside." one of the numerous reasons i love kelly cutrone.
I'm in that thang! Lol:-)
hay loves !! wat it do ?? good morning :D
I think when we started calling each other Enis Del Mar and Jack Twist, it was too late...
why don't you text me and ask....
SAT word of the day: quagmire (n.) a difficult situation
Do it! You'll feel some relief!
There's nothing like sharing a meal, saving money and spending time with your Family. Join us for Family Night! We have Deals until 8pm.
it's late man! I'll have to think about that
What title?
its a difference from being in love with someone
Take-away from "Big-Bodied Burlesque" session: "I'm hot, I'm great in bed, fuck you, I'm awesome!"
It's time for the 2nd Annual Cornell's Jewelers #DiamondDash !!
I need a shoppin buddy! Any takers?
It's my hommie's bday.. Bout to hit her up
VERY TALENTED MY DUDE. NICE WORK.
That's really cool, man. My grandma has cancer right now. Thanks for giving up your hair for her and everyone else with cancer
I have a 6 am flight out of sfo tomorrow morning can I schedule a 4:15am pu out of SF
Why has #DynastyWarriors not been made into a #Kinect game yet?
Yes, just wasn't in the scope of what we could do w/ this story. Had to learn biz to begin w/.
good luck kid--and for the record, my emoticon rant was NOT directed at you!!!
Should I be ashamed that the Looney Tunes still making me piss my pants?
excuse you? I'm not a hoe sweetie so you better check yourself.
global industrial rain gear
When I shine, you shine. We shine together.
maybe they don't want to follow you ^_^
NYC Del Frisco's three little filets, spinach yummy, make sure you sit upstairs in the back room behind bar.
you guys are sweet and some cool peps :D
": Hey girl! Are you gonna be at The Federal tonight?!" Yes!!! Can't wait to See You In person, freakin finally <3
If someone throws skittles at you and says "Taste the Rainbow!" Just throw a bottle of Sunny D at them & say "Unleash the power of the sun!"
hair and make up done now im waitng for my clothes to be dry
Dusty is
no west coast dates? :(
I definitely agree.
#smash time
Getting that track jacket from express.... And thanks to probably the adidas 1.. There goes my check :-(
Oh and a special congrats to on his goal last night, can't wait to see him and his hair back in KC
Sure, they're a dime a dozen over there, I'm sure. I like that beard/chin profile though. That might be hard to find.
RT : Mamas don't let your babies grow up to be cowboys.
perhaps videos are in order?
someone.. It dosnt go away that easily.
RT : Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -T. Edison
Damali is a wonderul stylist who specializes in extensions and varies textures of hair. Book your next hair service now, (813) 910-2770
I'm to tired!
Could someone please give me directions to The Next Level? People are always taking stuff there. It sounds like a happening place.
Hey Bill, do you like creamy or chunky peanut butter?
Hi Jen! Thanks for the follow!
If u could wear a button that said ANYTHING, what would yours say? {"No, that's not a pencil in my pocket."}
We're attending this years NAHB Home Builders Show in Florida, January 12-15, 2011.
I do
Hanging at the DMV. Joshy is finally getting his learners. We hope.
uh too late ..
MT Let's prank-arrest some of these #Occupy kids. let them feel noble and then say, "Nah, too inconsequential."
You post pictures of you with your damn baby belly like its a fashion statement. its not cute to get pregnant at seventeen.
This is not a theocracy. We live in a democracy and my body is my own and I have rights over my body. Get over yourself.
thanks to you sir.
Omg! I meant i am always hot! I meant always hot, about the ice bar. Deedadee!!
Looks like it. I'll try and catch you next time I'm out east. Agree it was a great meeting...
it's a one day offer today! :)
Joined Twitter 5 years ago today. Amazing how time flies!
what's up boo
i aint no teacher but babe i can teach yuhh sumthing
"ENOUGH: Support For Afghanistan War Hits New Low" #huffpost Now they want $3 billion for their army. Can we pay them in Euros?
I need a new ipod
he's at one of the bar/restaurants tonight :-) i never met an actor before
Thinking the same RT : ha! I just read that as "Great in the Sac!" Which would also be a good campaign
Tonight: Manila clams, mussels and rock<U+FB01>sh with chickpeas, thyme and bruschetta. Yum.
we need to do that again.. RT : FYI, the Diamond Club is a nice place to watch baseball
Stop by 1 Day Honey!! I'm in Lacuna
#fiftyshades and The Lorax both on bestsellers list. Yay?
Dropped all my fucking money while walking home . Fuuuuuuuck .
acting is my true passion and Hollywood is the place to be. It just so happens that I look good in underwear. Hahaha.
RT : So many lives have been changed because of the Super Bowl, and this will continue because of the Super Bowl for a long...
you changed your picture. :(
its all good if it was me I wuda talked 2 u ne ways dnt get offended.
really got it going on at 10th & Sheridan #denver. Tim VanMeter is the best! #urbandesign #urbanplanning he's working Yale too!
would love for you to join us tonight!!!! Have a great show!
I also dislike the word "spatula". Something about it is icky.
hm interesting may have to stop by!!!
I Feel The Same Way.
life is not measured by how many breaths you take, but how many moments take your breath away <3
I've missed u all 2 =P
love full house. :) do you like family matters?
In solidarity with #South Africa& those across the globe! Celebrating the longest liberation movement. #selflessstruggle #Anc 100
awesome! And its no biggy
Still snowing in the metro. Snow will taper off later tonight to scattered snow showers. Expect an additional 1-2 in.
Journey of Discovery takes Land Rovers 8000 miles from Birmingham to Beijing ... - Torque News
thank you!
Good morning!
thank you sweetie
If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. Destitutus ventis, remos adhibe - Latin Proverb
I'm not complainin', I'm explainin'.
Abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz. I know my alphabet bro.
Hot damn Seattle! Did you do something to your hair?! You're looking saxy today!
Heading to Las Vegas for #ASPA2012. Please feel free to stop by the booth Saturday-Monday at the Flamingo. Let us know if you are going!
Sometimes I wonder; how many other girls he is texting while he's texting me.
Jamaica. It was really nice there, but everything just went completely wrong haha
Wow, Unscripted is really shaping UP! Shackled AND now in- so psyched!
Thanks for coming out to walk with us! Our campaign is driven by volunteers like you. When we walk we win!
I haven't had any problem finding #vegan food at #ala11. But I do want to go to this place!
grateful for a callback today....Thank GOD I have found my category. Feels like Home....
“: My Love U Are Going To Live Forever!! I Was Just Sayn I Need Ur Damn Number Again & Lookn At Yo Pict " lol ima DM it I miss u
No, I'm serious. is the funniest Twitter account ever. Not at all what you'd think.
These twitter names are getting kinda weird. Sorry I won't follow you if your name is "cuntmuncher" or some shit like that. It's kinda gross
it'll pay off in the end <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
just listen to A LOT of old music.. Or do you mean kits?
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea... does that mean that one enjoys it?
I'm at inbox zero for the first time in like a month!
My birthday is Thursday, so if anyone wants to give me tix to game 2, I'll be happier than a chola with a new Sharpie.
One benefit of the Big Hump forest fire on the Olympic Peninsula: amazing sunrises and sunsets here in Seattle.
beginning to think I missed an email. No one in class. Hum
Mikey, I know you r avoiding me yet want to watch sc/Syracuse on sat with me? Wecan talk about fausto carmona!
The Hobbit is good but my dearest book is The Runelords and they are making it into a film
Do you know when that will air?
are you listing all people or just musicians?
I am starting new private acting class on Wed. I am still working at New York Film Academy on the backlot of Universal and UCLA-Extension …
Twitter recommends me following Fix your algorithm, nerds.
IM SO BORED IVE SHOULD OF GONE TO SCHOOL:'
We were just fed a late lunch by who also brought a bunch of needed stuff. THANK YOU!!!
?: what are symptoms of PTSD?
*slaps you up side the head* oh wait, you said slap your hand. My bad ;)
Shawshank Redemption on again?
Yeah, they are! Jerks.
Mr. Graystone, I presume?
Happy Valentines day folks. It also falls on $14 Tuesday this year, so if you're going out and still need to feed the kids give us a shout.
Tonight's #RantAndRave topic is Jealousy. Join the conversation and tweet your favorite quotes on Jealousy with us
Last minute come on threw
Need a PM pick me up & near 30 Rock? FREE cocoa on concourse from & La Maison du Chocolat til 5
Also $13 you call its at sable tonight. And ten dollar green shots.
Hi Mary! Interested in helping with our #PTSD outreach effort for families and children of our warriors?
Nice! Awesome that you seem to have found a unique niche in the blogsphere
the piece references White rappers using n-word what abt the Black ones? What abt it being in #ThinkLikeAMan? RT
HRH wrote a very cute book called 'The Old Man of Lochanger', too
and sometimes i tweet when i should shhh but im off to drink tonight away
2 rescue missions completed. Dug several cars out of snow, including our own 2x. Picked up more firewood. 2+ feet of snow and counting
Since I was a kid...I'm a SoCal gal through and through :)
ha! I knew it
Jim Kramer is an idiot
do your keyword research before you start a blog
Uh oh. Woke up with a sore throat. I will not be sick, I will NOT be sick!
catching up on secret life.
Kevin Love is 25lbs lighter than he was last year which means he should move up 5-10 spots in your fantasy draft.
R. I. P to The Godfather of Go-Go Chuck Brown...
We would love to. this is what we do for a living!.
Follow us and get a “New Follower Coupon” (FEI042011avc) 10% off most of our products, must call in, one time use.
Got to runway, then back to the gate with a hydraulic problem. Now we wait.
Gmail users open our emails TWICE as often as Yahoo or Hotmail. What's with that?
@ bertha, pitiful and destitute
You cannot produce a baby in one month by impregnating nine women.
nothing comes to sleepers but dreams so i guess all the ballers still up.
LMFAOOOOOOO! WHAT YOU COOKING?
"All my good friends call me wolf"...um, sure :-/ #bachelorette #whyamiwatchingthis?
hey u! Just saw u in action for the first time - WoW! And how bout the heat? ;) jkjk hope ur nights a good one
Life has an excess of folks who are all lies... and limited supply of those who are allies.
goodnight lovely ^_•
Looking forward to a week in Vegas. It all begins tomorrow... : )
You know you're a die hard giants fan when you're family is having leftover tailgate food for dinner
RT ThtGirlyChi I saw this jacket at forever21, I was soo mad that I didn't have money on me. Lol.
I'm curious who manages the social media for Would love a phone convo w/ them, better yet, face2face
happy birthday from Detroit!
In love with the commercial.
And as a 40-something, I'm glad to have an office so I don't have to wear headphones. :-)
dont reply to me entertain me
ALEC: Always Looking to Empower Corporations
I really empathized with Thandie Newton's character.
well not really cus I'll have that plus more
FB FRIENDS!!! I want to send Christmas cards to every one of you! Message me a mailing address if I don't have it or if you have moved!
T/Y! In good company!
i gotta wait til i get $ for ms office. not on my puter. then by fall is my goal to go back.
. Hey I think you guys have been hacked! Get that password changed asap and warn your followers.
Who got the Drank...? Let's Poe Up & take some shots...... I got shit From this week i need to get off my mind & forget about
I didn't get my homework done because I had to pick dandelions till dark so that my dad could make wine.
beer selection is excellent too.
Events, location, and contact info should be floated near the top, agreed!
IF #FATE was a random dude would it be okay to walk up and punch them in the face.
I'm a supporter of Polygamy Porter! Was so glad to find it at Whole Foods.
The boy you love is in a relationship with a fucking whore
Burning a reporter with bad information is never a good idea. If they can’t trust you as a source, you will no longer be a source.
On the bus ride from Racine to Milwaukee this morning I tallied up 16 deers. That's a lot of deers.
"I get wicked dreams when I drink coffee..." hahahahahahaha why did my brother tweet this.
I need more sober friends.
Hey great crowd last night! Everyone seemed to have fun and got what they came for!
learn to love
It's so hot watching a guy tie his tie...even better when I have to tie it for him hehe
hmm what makes u think we get your tweets to our phones? ahaha jk ;) of course I do!!
- Finna Send Good Morning Texts To Everybody i Fell Asleep On Lastnight . .
No clothes on anyone! Sickening!
“The free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it – basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them.”
Just finished an awesome shoot with the coolest senior. Can't wait to post. We escaped the rain wheew!!!
THIS is where I throw up my hands and go "WTF DEMOCRATS STUPID RAWROIUODsfhajkhciuviierkjdc"
Did you know there are people who put serious thought and effort into commenting on celebrity gossip blogs?
haha sry, just what I'm observing thus far, your not even out here!
Exiled, Jackpot and Music Millennium packed for record store day. No dice for Bonnie Prince or Luna releases though.
YES WE WILL!! Living it up in America while we can!!!
Looks like new werk sched will allow me to persue some shows this summer
#WineandChocolate flowing in the tasting room Sun-Tue Noon-6pm. Bring your loved one, friends and family. YUM!
Someone is in the race for our foursquare mayorship! Thanks for coming by!
I cant wait to finish all the musical project's we have. This year is getting even better!
#brewers are 3-6 in series this yr. 12 of next 16 gms at home including v HOU, CHC. Time to get back to even!
Steven Lenhart is a goon and a fraud,..... Hey MLS suspend that flop artist already!
it is sad for the bugs lol
I know! Heartbreak.
Follow me back! is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
": The Bethel Tech Incubator!” // No doubt! Those of us who turned to the muse were blessed by the tundra gods.
Happy Aloha Friday!
I know that pink driver is hardcore to the floor
surfing, sun, family, beach, mates, relaxed lifestyle, #Cake! Australia sounds a bit like #Paradise!!!
Don't miss out Nashville. Get your team together and compete in the Green Hills CityStreak this Wednesday night for $300. Sign up now!!!
i saw at the park the other day by my grandmas house.... blast from the past right there.
Show some love to two amazing teachers and people!
"don't you worry bout it I got this, don't you worry bout it I got this!" listening to getting us through the long drive :)
Is your book in stores yet? Would love to pick up a copy in Wisconsin. :-)
What about all the people who don't have Internet access or good digital literacy?
;) tell all the boys to follow me
nope.... fuck my texting device.
In living color.
Tax breaks are not pay outs that is ppl keepin more of their money!
thanks Scott for always keeping the fans posted on before/after games, great work!!!
I guess peeps did party hard this weekend.
Dear past self, thank you for writing the document on how to locate this server in the data center.
I'm at work pimpin' the job. Always work smarter not harder
How bout we stick to baseball. No more jokes. RT Presumably, the language holdup in the proposed Tim Tebow deal was Rex Ryan's.
Sow an act and we reap a habit. Sow a habit and we reap a character. Sow a character and we reap a destiny. G. D. Boardman
So, If a bunch of midgets did the "wave" would it be called a ripple?
Gino Time! Rondo with another triple double.
How late does reg stay open for MegaStack events?
giant guitars in Waukesha this Summer?
The "50 days of prayer" for #GC2012 is devotions not a prayer guide. #disappointed What prayer needs for GC do you see?
Delighted to be participating at the Governors Education Summit put together by in Carey, NC.
Sox teeing off!!!!
thanks for favoriting the summer film series story! hoping to keep it updated as news comes out about additional series.
any new novels/anthologies coming out this year?
A deep and hip new blog by a local dakini inspired by psychoanalysis, poetry and Buddhist spirituality: dakinioftheunconscious.wordpress.com
eat it!
It's only 12 points. They can do it. Right??? Think I'm going to sleep now...
tha way i took tha head off made tha Guillotine look primitive
2 words GORGEOUS&PERFECT RT : Today is the big day Our "Good Girl" performanc is going to be hot Wish me luck tonight #ACM's
Congratulations on the hiring of Jeff Winzeler as your new #CFO, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
Haha that sucks! I don't even have a iPod! I have an iPhone :)
We are Sully's tonight, its derby week!
I love my #mac because I just installed a printer wirelessly and then printed something. Just like that! No groaning, no restarting. BOOYA!
Here "We Go" ! Nope. Didn't work. As expected.
It's not too late to secure sponsorship opportunities for the 2012 NAMI WALK! www.namisandiego.org/namiwalks
RT Can't wait :) Who should play Vint Cerf? RT : TCP/IP, The Musical
5/15-Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Kyle Grooms
GOODLUCK >.> RT : Lunch time + cleaning + interview + dinner=
that movies main character is the very essence of what martial arts are about . mamet expresses it perfectly
Nicely described...made my mouth water instantly...
roll with it!!....um...I'd kind of like to see that too!!!
Its still F.U.N. (Fuk U Niggas) nice day out im trying to surround myself around beautiful women (&) my team everyone enjoy your Friday
who dawg? Real talk
About to play a set w/ UnderGround Horns 's Place. 411 Atlantic ave and Bond st. If you're in the area come thru.
r u friends with ?
what does this even mean?
Coples to the
they are doing good. Anthony Bennett is on UNLV campus today. I wish he would hurry up and pick Cats!
see my profile hasheem? "Those who know the least about you always have the most to say."
Why does going to the Sprint store take longer than being seen in a crowded ER?
..your tweets are deep sometimes..just sayin' hahah btw,did we compare schedules?
#Askricardo what is your favorite day of the year?
nowadays with facebook and twitter you childs can have 1000s of friends without leaving your funky ass rooms...
I'm okay to drive.
Working on some SEO homework for class...
Listening to the founder of Jellyvision — just like listening to founder of Siri last time — alone manages to make the #technori $ worth it.
well good I'm glad she is ok, tell her sit down somewhere lol and no problem
Walking to the convention center for general session
your an idiot
OH my goodness, I haven't been on Twitter in forever! The whole layout is different!! When did it change? LOL
yes this is true
I think you're the man Harry (;
"Most girls are idiots." -Arya Stark
Goin out to dinner with Kenzie and Tenay. (The other owners of the account) hahaha.
I was down for the count yesterday but back to Carry the Banner today, after my Revlon audition :)!
What does a nosey pepper do ?
It was awesome last night.
Stop it! ": I did not know this! RT Help education. School systems were designed to turn people into factory workers."
A science experiment in the making! : D
Looking forward to having join us tomorrow night at The Nassau County Sports Commission Awards Dinner. CoHost CNBC Sports Show
#IA2011 Can we capture public intellectuals -- the Cornell Wests of the world -- in our civic engagement definitions?
How many of you have had a big crane in your front yard? This Big Show is this afternoon. Wowsers!
Giving up sweets for Lent? No problem! You can still enjoy something Extraordinary like our Little Italy location Cheese Bar tonight, 5-8pm.
Awake awake awake!!
The little things get bigger & better as life goes on
We usually know what we can do, but temptation shows us who we are.
RIP Junior Seau
Dear You...
might be late night byob bowling? haha
cowboy boots
Holler out accomplishments like getting out of bed, trying new things, meeting new people, and just living in this messy world.
Past my two finals now,time to go home an study for the one tomorrow
Hello how is everyone
": Student loan measure fails in the Senate 52 to 45. 60 votes were needed to advance to debate." pols need economics lesson.
i had a dream that someone cut all my hair off last night...
...I'll just take a quick picture for Facebook to prove that I was here (and am, therefore, cool) and then bounce.
well someone had to buy all the alcamahol duh :P
Follow this Twitter newbie --
thanks doll! xx RT : OMG! followed me <3 i love u even though i just found out about your twitter account recently
Without Lil Kim, we wouldn't have Stupid Hoe. Be thankful for the feud. LOL.
I posted it .. it was STL Over
If it takes 2 days to receive a handwritten letter, recruiters say hiring managers have already made a decision about you.
Come by the Brazos table We're selling Inuchan and a selection of our best books!
Amazing. Spit out my drink laughing.
Why does Trader Joe's feel like Armageddon?
Thanks, Spencer! I'll check out your blog as well.
Lmao oomf is funny as hell
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY! ! <3
Applications for upcoming programs available in Annenberg Room 6! Summer 2010 (Dublin & London), London Fall 2010, and London Spring 2011 =)
Love seeing Tyree on the sideline
Seriously mom it's almost 5 and you barely picked me up from school we live 5 damn minutes away!
Preaching to the choir here. I was just commenting on someone's comment.
Mongo by Port Brewing. Tupperware containers of soft taco bake. 2 dishes of Strawberry Pineapple Cobbler. Productivity!
maybe the best thing you have ever tweeted lol. Touché dev. Touché.
Yep I'm Da Man!
Ha ha RT : RT : Referee Marc Davis is making quite a name for himself this NBA postseason
thanks so much. Happy you enjoyed the show ;)
haha am watching east is east now haha it's so funny x
My brother is an accountant etc. I like the creative parts of what I do, but less the rest. I'm not the typical engineer, at all :)
Watched the last couple minutes of game 6 and post game hoopla again tonight. Will I ever delete from the DVR? Not likely.
”Our intention creates our reality.” --Wayne Dyer
Makes me gag seeing ppl putting excessive amounts of salt on food
As long as everything else is together who gives a shit about a gut. Just more for a nigga to hold on to
songs just never get old! Happy, sad, inspired, stressed, anything! I can always find a song to fit my mood!
Great blog! Thanks!
very true. I'm happy with that though. A win is a win.
It irritates the fuck outta me >.<
Brb crying forever.
Question 1 : Do you have complete trust in leaving a bf/gf alone with your friends?
I thought of Larry Stylinson when I saw Larry Bird :)
I went to art school and will likely never be able to pay it all back if I ever want to have any kind of life for my son
Swing by and check out some new music! We have some amazing singers!
Law of Success #7: Self-Control. Balances Law 6 Enthusiasm. – Napoleon Hill. Next law in 4 hours.
Today's answer is History Professor!!
yeah... i talked to him like 2hrs. ago... that's how i found out....
happy thanksgiving =D ps. Angry birds suck!! Lol jk
<U+25B6>Music<U+2669><U+266A><U+266B><U+266C> Volume
the 82 Braves have been on Twitter for 30 years???
living in enemy territory makes up from last year, eh?
thanks it's been a fun trip so far!
Do you have a friend, relative, or associate looking to build a new home in the Hampton Roads area? Call Crestline Homes . 499-7000.
I am interested in doing the agency tour. Where do I find more information about this? Where do I sign up?
So fam cause i got cut off with letters feel free to fuck wit this asshole Melina Gaines. dont answer her b.s. spam messages. tryin 2 block
#SHOUTOUT VOTE OUT LAWYERS IN CONGRESS
do I want to know?
Today's Sports News is damn interesting.
THIS IS A BATTLEGROUND!
RT Apparently, HCC won't accept a 500 dollar iPad without a 20 dollar cable. I guess I have another week with it
Hey, Scott! Wanted to thank you personally for the Delirium article! We aim to terrify and impress!
I called the next best thing...the concierge desk to do a welfare check.
notice one one said anything about to Florida rivalry being play out.
Nah baby u give me strength RT : Am i making you weak?
hello my friend how's it going?
When do we need to do that?
"He who does not get fun and enjoyment out of every day... needs to reorganize his life." - George Matthew Adams
I was abused as a teen by a giant wheel of gorgonzola. The smell still haunts me.
I don't care if my boy talks to girls, but when it becomes "more than friends" is when I step in, and deal with the situation. ;)
Weatherspoon went 19 to the Falcons. But I agree, there are still a lot of good players available
#RacketBoys post team up and at 'em. Early morning viewing in Santa Monica.
Dude skyping your girlfriend next to me in B&E.....stop.
i like it! we definitely need a health place here!
RT if u remember meeting me at kiss fm in seattle!!!!
I JUST MET ALLSTAR WEEKEND!! ZACH HUGGED ME!!
you are like the coolest person ever no matter what anyone sayd and you are super pretty:D
Have fun! can't wait for xmas break!
If #VCU has a HAVOC defense, #iubb has an offense that can only be described in one word: MAYHEM
At dayton, heading on back to philly via b-more after a nice visit with my family in Ohio. Be back next week :)
So far, Ive read three books this summer that were AMAZING. Currently, re-reading To Kill a Mockingbird
thanks for the follow back
Yep, I just did it, couldn't resist, one bracket with Creighton in the elite 8...call me crazy, but #rolljays <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
I'm on my grind homey, you can't stop this!
she's jazz contemp, modern. She is looking for strong male dancers. Thought of you. Show runs July. Grt exp, a fun show.
Thanks for joining us at #mastersPOV this year! Hope to see you soon again!
lucky you. I'll be playing ball in TN
#PureClass #Respect xo
: yes you are. Pls send me a mailing address. We will mail out right away.
Just watched and saw lose it in the #roush . Wondering how long it took for #JackRoush to take his
AWKWARD MOMENT: When you realize he's an EMOTIONAL VEGETABLE Tho your mind insists: "He's gotta be too old for that, no!?!"
lol. It's 3 foot deep and 10 foot long. We're converting it to a dry bar. :)
We never forget the ones who help HL, Supporting our art, pickin up gear, & spreading word. It means so much and were proud of our friends!
yea she grabbed it pretty quick. Did yours?
Content is king, however a good picture is still very important.
Getting a Virtual Administrative Assisting for your brand is the best decision you could ever make! Contact Your Thoughts, LLC to see why!
and get u followers thats wht i meant
Here's your hipster opportunity for the month, follow before they go mainstream
Will this be before or after you have the whole class stand on their desks and rip the pages out of their bio textbooks?
If you think someone is lying or crazy.. they probably are. If you think everyone is lying or crazy... its probably you.
watch it smarty pants
- do you eat at our place as much as we eat at yours? Can we open up the "trade talks"?
Drinking warm lemon and honey water <3 yes'm
my Mondays keep getting weirder and weirder. Little nap and a long run!
#ThomasKinkade was an amazing painter that will always be remembered! R.I.P
I've seen two arrests today! Crack down!
whats you facebook page
getting ready to paint flower!
Data is now available at massive scale in both dimensions for marketers - breadth & depth.
Do dogs ever do it people-style?
love that! where are you located?
What?! No badge for checking into the earthquake?
yes, I suppose it could be called that! All the angst but no boat.
Big Solutions + Small Cost = More Value!
RT England vs USA. Loser gets New Jersey.
but there is a "m" and an "e" lol
Ok na playin w/rayle na makin her laugh soon as I start laughing rayle turns & look @ me so serious like y u laughing,lol!!!!
“: That's cool ladies! Hope you both broke legs! :) #SMPP” You & unite worlds,TC!
“: Haters are going to hate.... It was written”
Hamilton homers, but Rangers fall
My emotion for today: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
hell yea daz all it is to do & fuck wit deez skeezas
I believe there4 I am I am wut I planned 2b Da man dat u c Has grown like a plant frm a seed I cant everB Nething else than wut I plan 2b
Why doesn't glue stick to the inside of the bottle?
Segmentation of an existing list is actually easier with MailChimp; ok on Aweber if you are importing names.
Sad day for #Wolves, come back up soon.
Why is everyone saying the little rock 9 is coming to our school? its just 1 person
I cant tell anybody about a long term relationship because i know nothing of the sort
Happy Dance time #Fringe is back :)
Alright peeps happy Sunday! My favorite day of the week!
I feel as though would be interesting in bed. #didijusttweetthat?
HaHaHa I love it!!
Off to a swim meet to cheer on my daughter and to shoot some sports images.
Ok Twitter, back me up: chain-wallets are still cool, right???
pls text me. Thank you
I wish twitter on my iPad showed me when people retweeted me.
Taking it as a good indicator that bankers have been inviting us to "sit down with them" vs. ignoring builders' existence like last year.
the 86 is an experience!
Math class at victory university... we're discussing the phrase "what you said." So odd
Well, it worked. Haha. Do u like the song? :p
Y r u so hung up on theocracy? When did Pak public ever supported or demanded such a change ?
do not let Britney ride in the back seat. She will try singing the order at the drive through hahaha!
Can you help me? I have our tv on and just 20min ago a commercial/trailer for a VERY vivid horror film came on???
haha okay, eel I'm excited :)
Buy a machine from ABP and we will donate a copier to your charity of choice. Call us for more details! 303-778-0500
My mom was the first female member of the Airmen of Note. I did not realize this. :)
#sustainablehaiticonference Dr Tatyana Wah is asking how to we get the Diaspora to return? Professional organizations need to talk.
What else could i possibly have? Haha
I have over heard a weaker dj than tonight at the atrium.
That feeling you get when everyone at work sweats one person unworthy to be sweated.
i will an your welcome boo
look into my eyes baby
I should really start doing my homework earlier! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I love holly and autumn soo much it's not even funny.
Love when I pamper myself...freshly done manicure <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Better 2 die quick; fightin' on your feet. Than 2 live 4ever beggin' on your knees." From the song, "Blacken The Cursed Sun" by Lamb of God.
Okay the footage I got from the show last night with is dirty man. Some girls really go HAM when they see a video cam.
Thanks to all the attendees who came to 's 1st Women in Business Conf today! We hope you enjoyed it as much as we did!
bowling with dah loves. getting over it
I can't make out a single word...uhh
Hello Becca. Really enjoyed Popstache. Is it your site?
haha right on all good. Thanks for the share!
What a gorgeous day to be eating lunch outside
noelle, you don't even care. It's our thing(;
> How's Florida Geno? Nice and sloppy slushy ice storm here. Good driving weather.
Tripping over grass!!
Only 4hrs of sleep, 20hrs of grinding.
why the hell is the gym crowded this morning? this is the bible belt, go to church you heathens
Technically I have some grading to do but I can't think about anything but Smallville.
Dear Lunch Ladies, There is D lunch everyday... Please realize you need more food. Sincerely, Hungry Students
Every child deserves a chance at a life filled with love, laughter, friends and family. - -Marlo Thomas
Looking at old pictures of yourself and wondering why your parents ever let you out of the house...
are you talking about password for your router?
Oh okay , I ask because of the earthquake . So you're okay ...
any idea how I can find a support group in NW Indiana??
hey what's up? how u been?
is it college football season yet? i am having withdrawals....
My tongue feels tingly... #TraderJoes #Kefir or a stroke?
thanks Joe! ;)
RT : yes! :) RT : To those who haven't found the value of Pinterest, may I suggest the value of fun?
Your friends should follow us on Twitter. If not & will kick kittens... just sayin
"The one who married the scientologist" -
o that sound cool Wat kind of phone do u got
Bummer we can't get it today though. We asked for it by name...
"hey that's fuckin valid bro"
..garlic stink aside, your still coming on Saturday right?
Florida is great, would love to find some more design work, but I'm sure everyone says that. How about u?
Subtweets make me laugh.
Proclaim that the greatest record in all of sports is the 56 game hitting streak by Ted Williams.
back from school :D
Dwight drama is analogous to the decision by Lebron
We were running out of pizza dough, I run out to get and my car dies. How much can I take? Trying and sometimes failing. Oye!
you look like everyone because you are all I think of day and night. Your angelic smile and shit sup cunt
Yesterday's show reduced me to tears. The love between Mother and son is so apparent <3
Thanks for the #FF and back at
I had a lunchable. Didn't help. Might, in fact, have made it worse. *stabbity*
Man I hate when faith hill sings these songs before the game
Did we mention we have AWESOME internships?--->RT : Just got to brag about my AWESOME internship with in class.
RT : That awkward moment when youre watching TV with your family and a Trojan condom ad comes on
Probably they don't have twitter. Haha
ONE PARTY BUS STILL AVAILABLE FOR TONIGHT, A RARITY FOR A FRIDAY! CALL NOW FOR SMOKIN' DEAL. (405) 447-2446. (THE HEATER IS SMOKIN' AS WELL)
let's make some more music videos!!!
I feel like a 2 year old. My mouth hurts so bad. I honestly don't care if they rip out my wisdom teeth. I want them out.
: I demand a recount!!! JK, fun contest, congrats to winners! I still thknkg was the best.
Looking forward to the intensity of this series with the Flyers.
Always here!, just not a twitterbug, lol ": Sup darl! Been a while! Where'd u go2? "
Of course, things start getting better (outside the house) when I'm about to move back. Awesome! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Make it move or u lose
Happy G Day 2 da realist Jamaican outta NMB
alex, i want to give up on you dmming me.. cause its been a while before you have even said anything to me. :/ please soon!
I miss you my dear!
black walnut ice cream is very under rated.
When your church tells you exactly what to think, what to say, and allows no free thought, what differs you from a Jehovah Witness?
Off to bed! Finally done with that dang Criminology report on Jeffrey Dahmer :P
Headed to Daytona for the Probound Sportswear Bowl! Dell Price is showcasing great athletes to the scouts today!
maternal death issues in Africa are very complex. obvious rt, but hearing from those involved, it's less academic, very real and immediate.
Will #TheArtist take best picture? We sure think so..
Sure not getting as much spam as I love of late. Getting enough but could always go for more. And I mean for twitter and not the "meat."
Can't wait to get together, chica. See you later today! You're a badass!
hearing lines of a new working class murder ballad forming along the mandolin strings of my mind
When defeat arrives, accept it as a signal that your plans aren't sound, recreate those plans, and set sail once more.
Oh, you're good! RT : Boiling the ocean
Only as good as your sources (4) - Record-Searchlight (blog)
I just ate the best dang banana I have ever had! Organic from I just got yesterday. Seriously so good!
Yeah it is! I'd love to try NaNoWriMo for the first time.
Copier jammed half-way thru the Easter service bulletin
#MrPintar also has 3 of us. Keeps u both young!
Who is your favorite 50's music group?
It's kinda like when things start going your way, something happens that makes it seem like it's impossible.
Your constant cries for attention are starting to make me laugh b
on my way to D.C.
Going to piss my pants at
RT The LORD is my light and my salvation;Whom shall I fear? Ps 27:1
Saw #ThinkLikeAMan tonight. Funny movie and a great way to end a wonderful day.
OK. Missed my first shot at lunch. Too nice not to go out. Top down, ready to go!
“: Thanks cuzo.. I need it . RT : Praying eurthing go good bruh...”We gone pop a bottle when u don
Thanks !! You're too sweet. My b-day was awesome, but haven't been country line dancing yet - tom night. I'll post pics!
mom: let's get busy! bro: let's not get busy. fangster: LET'S GET WASTED
Zaphod Beeblebrox #andypoll, Fight Club edition: If you could fistfight any figure in literature, who would it be? Answer & RT plz
For Those Informed: The saga continues, yet another day...
Goal in life: to one day be involved in something so exciting that you need to jump in a taxi and say "follow that car!"
Follow Friday << Young & Gifted creators
RT : "You Smoke Weed And Sip Cough Syrup? You Are So Cool, Damn, You Reek Of Swag."
Last day of Spring Break :( Goin to Indiana :)
Lmao nice try
Good night!! :)
I might add, I teared up a little during the trailer for tornado alley. I'm a sap.
That's so amazing!!! Fingers crossed for you!
“: I hate when people repeat shit to me ,”
Sad for me because I won't have the chance to meet you, yay for you! Local publishing internships can be hard to find. Grats!
Good to know. This is my first and all still very new to me. But I guess equity might come in handy when I figure out how.
So my audition didn't turn out how I wanted it to but it's cool :) On to the next one=
However many ways there may be of being alive, it's specific that there are widely more techniques of being dead, or rather not alive.
Jeryl Brunner: Daring Deals and the Art of Taking Risks
So, how are the novels coming?
how i wish be there.
RT : Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it. -Bill Cosby
Got my class ring today, for next year :)
I'm sorry, I forgot your name. Can I just call you mine? (:
We just put new headers on about 50 apps and websites in one fell swoop. Go #css !
RT : For the series, Heat were outscored by 36 w/ LeBron on the floor. But they outscored Dallas by 22 w/ him on the bench.
Congratulations on being the quickest person I follow and unfollow in twitter history!
LOVE BIRDS
I refuse to worry about finals/tests/research papers or grades so i dont break out for prom. Test today? Paper due? Oh. Whoops.
Kobe go kill tonight
Ferdinand Foch~ None but a coward dares to boast that he has never known fear.
I wouldn't get too excited about Oct market numbers since most of that is the result of pent up demand!
Bahahha! Thank you for that. I once went to a font conference w a graphic designer friend. She would heart this! ; )
Congratulations to the Dallas Mavericks - NBA Champs
How do you stop wanting something ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> I never actually learned that
I never count the days, I make the days count!
Finna chill wit an old friend
Got meeting tomorrow w/ Parks & Recreation had to cancel a meeting with the CEO of Special Olympic Tue, will reschedule it. Play P&R by ear
Wade had a layup...
“: Just because someone left, doesn't mean your happiness is gone. Happiness doesn't depend on anybody but ourselves.”
Shoulda been sleep got a interview today an workk
Friday night plans fell through again. <<<
Okays! Lol, no problem... :D
When I'm standing alone in public, I play with my phone or pretend to text so I don’t be looking lame as hell
I can't get myself to watch the game, I think the lobos should have been there
“Imperfection is individuality.”
you lost me at "spirits"
I've learned to do better with just mascara lol
“: Confirmed...Cool Ranch Dorito tacos are coming to Taco Bell in August. Holy balls.” praise the taco gods
lol, glad we're boutta pull up to the house in 5 haha .
Aloha! Don't hesitate to holler if you need any O'ahu tips from a kama'aina. I hope all is well.
Hey Boehner--this isn't a "tough economy" for Wall St. billionaires. Stop pretending. It's tough for the middle class because of you.
So.... I actually like mushrooms in a dish. O.o
#monstersowntwitter I love all you #littlemonsters follow me, it's my birthday. :]
thanks bro will do....
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Morgan Freeman very influential man, if you ask me
#YouCantSayYouGrownIf u still get childish things
I'm trying to talk into skydiving with us
Thank you gorgeous! Love you too!
"Retirement is more a state of mind than a stage of life." ~ Dr Dave Demko, PhD, creator of ZOOMER, Boomers with Zip! (ISSN1088-5889, 1998).
I'm good, thanks for asking(: how are you???(:
Junior Seau, MCA, and now Donna Summer completes the "they always die in threes" rule
It is a great zoo but it is very hot today! Take lots of cold water.
Don't know. I just read SCANDAL was renewed but GCB wasn't.
... feel like wanting to do something with u4 children/math/science. Let me know. Once #1 (now #7) Children's Science book Google
math puts me to sleep.
I'm learning who you've been isn't who you've got to be.
So is Victor!
you left your 'cocaine' at mi casa <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
knock. knock.
I don't know. I quit about a year ago. Took up way too much time playing a silly game.
Thanks, Noah. Once a die-hard, always a die-hard.
finally packing my carry on
Why not?
Who entered school already? c:
hahaha it must be going car crazy!! That's the only possibility!
“: lol I love kids” that makes u more perfect. <U+E106> Lol
#westoppedtalkingbecause I think ur Grandmother be setn me up leaving the bathroom door cracked at nite knowing she naked in there still
if backup was easy it would be 2008
My pops ask me why I ain't got kids yet. You should have 4 or 5 by now.
I haven't heard it in ages! lol
I slept 13 hours, Oh I feel great.
Customer Appreciation day tomorrow at 7-Eleven! Starts at 10:00 am. Raffle prizes include: Bike, Monster Car, Juke Box & more!
naw, I'm in Utah
#itssadwhen u insert too many trending topics trying to get a top tweet. #waitaminute, I just did that, eh
Hoe about just a nibble?
RT": Remember to send us your photo submissions! It's simple: take a picture of your CLEAR Device showing support for your fav team!"
#ifIcould I'd ask to work with her because I love her
I miss the sunshine already! Papers almost done!!
Figured it's a bit of a hike for you, anyway ;-)
whaaaaa??!!! You're crazy he's awesome :P
ok so I like peeta but I thought she'd end up with gale.. ending was totally unexpected!! have you seen the movie promo pics?
I want to take a "Jesus Tent" on the next Grateful Dead tour providing food, water, clothes, etc..and reach out to some needy hippies.
All in the same pool? Transformational sideboarding?
#MyFavoriteText is one from u!
Music is my new blade, To let the old scars fade.
you really coulda put bacon with any of those and had 20 of the best combinations =)
Crunch time now... days filled with NCAA tournament on and nights filled with fantasy baseball prep. Sleep? Never heard of it.
On a positive note, we only lost by three today......
Time to esacpe to my world<3
oh you know what i mean lmao
call in the national guard.
FYI RT : Today is FREE DAY sponsored by Bank of America (11-5). Free shuttles every hour on the hour between La Jolla & downtown.
I'm getting my Marc Jacobs on Gucci tomorrow
Celebrate tomorrow! 2012 Books include many titles featured in The Book Club Cookbook, including The Kite Runner...
Out this piece of shit !!
Have you seen the "Fright night" remake? He's pretty good as the vampire.
When will Miller Park host another All Star game.? They deserve a massive do over. MKE and that park is so much better now.
You don't have to dumb yourself out for guys! Just be yourself or people won't like you for who you are! -kaelyn-
Kobe is horrendous tonight.
Now THAT is old school
"Disney is pathetic" the new generation are shite it was better when hillary duff was on it.
RT : RIP Andy Rooney
Coming soon: super excited to announce a handful of new clients in 2012!
Gah. just got fooled by spam comment claiming to get multiple notifications from my subscribe to comments. oh, those wascally spammers!
I've got a comment tag wreaking havoc in my code! Rebuilding sidebar, pardon the mess!
I miss you too. 2 more weeks!!!! Eekk.
Need an awesome Cellist in NYC! Email for more details!!!
“: they are the only place that will deliver to my house lol” me too!
YogiBogeyBox presents COSMOSIS live, RASTALIENS DJ set and much more!!!
congrats on the pick. We're anxious to get you coached up as an every down guy which will make you a NFL beast.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>RT : Called me just to inform me that he hasn't talked to me all day? haha I think I've met my match
Gf wants to call me, but i don't wanna talk
Just got done with day 1 of gun show...! Went great....! Come check out our booth tomorrow at expo NM Manuel lujan building..
Happy Hour kicks off 2-7pm today. Special wine tasting open to all 5-7pm-5 wines for $14, free for wine club members! Live music :30pm
RT Be part of #AchieversTweet in @ successmagazine . Tweet your best sales tip.
Looking for a dress form for the studio...
yeah i bet. <3
Stuck on how to find research for a paper? Ask a Librarian! You can come in, call, IM, or email us. We're overly helpful that way.
Kameron Lowe: no big deal...
It's getting late and people are getting loopy here at #AAS3rdCentury. Keep that in mind Twitter Archive users. :-)
Lol you gonna catch these hands RT : or what? Lol and no the fuck they not ! They all bout that life ! Lmao
And now I'm going to get it :-)
Reactions from #NationalMall about #Discovery: "Just Awesome!"
#THATCamp Columbus is just days away! All campers need to post their session to the blog. We can't schedule/promote your session without it!
HFNY! Here's to a great 2012!
so change and come..we are making multiple stops..lemme know when you're here!
Hi everybody let me introduce myself my name is Copperrose, I'm from the band Copperrose & Bone.
to any of my new york followers: we should all tweet and ask her to have a show that can we can all afford to go to!
That's a great question. Is there a reason? That thing screams Silva!
yeah I find it better than giving my my mom a "coupon that's good for 1 hug" lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Come out to Burgers and Cupcakes 36th and 9th) TONIGHT from 8-11 for some Bingo with great prizes and $3 wine! DON'T MISS THIS!!
The only 13 year old I like following me is :p she's family KD
Dat girl so fine on b.e.t
aww thank you! :)
I want a nigga that invented #swag not some fake ass nigga who thinks he has swag get on my level #leggo haha
You're welcome!
I PASSED MY THESIS DEFENSE! I have mastered library science
