MIT App inventor (making, tinkering, remixing stream)
The two girls I got paired up with yesterday in English class... I didn't know anyone could be so dumb.(maybe fake dumb?)
Everything is gone b alright
Please let me be an extra!
RT U need to sober up right now (so t you live iPhone corrections?)
RT : Perfect for IT Finance >>RT : Wanted to share some real-world #IT tools that #IntelIT uses to plan investments...
Youtube.com tessiyah fck your last girl music video. Come back at jojo's marvins room.
11 can't come fast enough.
Playing ball with my dog before work.
vote for us on Indy A-List. We need your votes!
Congrats, Jeff, awesome!!
Once again, it takes three trains to travel 3 stops along the Blue Line. For shame
I swear is my other half who always knows what's wrong, has the same thoughts as me, and finishes my sentence before I do.
Developer keys will be included in phase2. Allows libraries to control who can build applications against our data. awesome!
Hey, girl with the dragon tattoo, is it a tramp stamp?
now i feel obligated to listen to fall for you lol
WESTERN CONFERENCE Showdown of #Lakers & #CLIPPERS would ROCK LA!! Not that I'm expecting it...but wouldn't it be f un?
#6 Your wife's not meant to be your mother Bro, don't expect her to be or treat her like she is! #GodlyBroTips #BroTips Mark 10:7
My hair is a huge mess right now :(
follow our officers/producers and
dont wanna get out of bed! but have to gotta get my day started pray the lord i get a job soon
I'm preparing myself to cry
well go buy me one
I miss my dog! miss everything about her.
but that's a tradition
My life has changed soo much in the past two years.
Leaving for London tomorrow. If Alex can't go, the fans are behind #7. And we still support you guys regardless.
Between Jules et Jim...heck, I think I'd choose Jim.
Hmm idk. its probably just cause its old
Just texted you , 501 number
I think I should go home...
T: 'jack donaghy, i'm gonna make you a mix tape. you like phil collins?' J: 'i've got two ears and a heart, don't i?'
Can I Get A Re e e e e e Fill
at work for a few then home
what's the temp?? It's a cool 63 here :)
one of my major rules: NO REFINED CARBS! make sure everything is whole wheat, multigrain, whole grain, etc.
My name is Dave Neelsen, Last Day at Lambeau producer - hope you can make it to our film tonight! Go Pack!!
#rpcvchat is starting now for anyone in the Peace Corps community. Follow
glad you liked it. Soon as I upload some of the new stuff, I'll let you know.
Here at IU
Stay tuned cause me and have some raw ass idea's coming to all you music lovers!
Kaleigh cut her thumb pad on the Jimmy Johns meat slicer tonight. At the ER. She has 2 college piano classes this week ... #ouch!
Muñoz calls out work of libraries in TEI and HathiTrust as well as IRs
True, being moved from a town where all they have is hockey to a town like chi might benefit him.
I feel like I wear the same thing every day :/
J lo's "on the floor" sounds like JPOP.
#nowthat2pacsback lil wayne and drake better get the fuck out before shit gets real.
"Today, we raise our voices for all who risk their lives for the idea that no one should be silenced"...except Chen Guangcheng
Have been busy with work...Did a 20+ hour day for a catering gig...1900+ people. Had a Blast.
I'm on the train. I shouldn't hear a nail clipper.
Water balloon fight :D
Work schedule has me wakin up early regardless if. Its my day off lol
This dude said he got only 20 50 and 100s I looked right down at his shoes and smh
I feel like shit
If a16yr ol child takes a13,11&9 yr old to a party w/o permission shud she be allowed to go another party...hell no!
Chris Christie said he wouldn't make a good number 2 (VP). I bet he makes amazing number twos.
S/O 2 my best follower <--- follow her n she will follow back Join #Team2Sexy!!!
History has a funny way of repeating itself.
you q dick sucking devil loving Wycliffe looking Nigga
Thank you!
What happened to the spirit last night ?!??!
Jusst got home from a day out with mummy bored and tired haha
and what did i say before stop talkin to me lol
Also, am several minutes into an internal Seinfeld-esque "what's the deal with thriathalons" monologue I intend to forget about by tomorrow.
I wish, in Monroeville.
In Music Meeting- Sage Francis “The Best of Times” slam poetry needed a song I'm ok with this
There is no way I'll ever be hungry again.
lm fine Thanks :) Also very tired.!! <3
it's the only one we got
Thanks for the mention #AlexanderInt miyabicasa
I did search it and saw lots of writers (love that!) but what do the letters and numbers stand for?
Today, we make masks for Vatzlav. Pictures to come.
yeah, good idea. Maybe Delaware if they don't leave too. Can't have Drexel host, too small. How is the rent at the WFC? LOL
Positive attitude + strong network + unrelenting drive =
Two more months till cali!!! :)
Facebook + Tumblr + Twitter + YouTube = Reasons why my homework isn't done.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 12
hey man…trying to download the stern show from the 24th and download link doesn't come up. do you have another link?
Today will be the day that something happens so get ready.
Haha does anyone else remember Google+ ? I think it is time for me to commit or jump ship.
I meant cokes :P
so i mean nobody gives a DAMN!
duh! of course! beignets, jazz, french cuisine, cemeteries & hurricanes! road trip, it's on
that was an excellent article, it should be turned into a Hollywood Movie.
so did JustinBieber and SelenaGomez break up or not?
r u gonna be in one?
thank you for following. Gorgeous profile pic. Glad to RT any of your great work. Have a day full of beauty & meaning.
~Only in the darkness are you able to see the stars~
I hate when websites ask, “Are you a human?” Umm no... I’m obviously a T-REX.
oh man, what fine taste they have...haha
its official ! #SeaWorld next Weekend Bxtchessssssssssss ;;
yeah, it's sad that some people don't have the capacity for change. bummer.
I heard that people who smile and laugh the most were the ones hurt the most. I laugh a lot and smile a lot; it's been rough the last 3 yrs
I'm re-wiring myself (drinking a 2nd cup of coffee).
for sure George, it's great to hear from you! I hope i get visit Kenya some day!
We offer 24/7 service and offer superior customer service throughout the entire car removal process. We are specialists in vehicle...
People with an abundance often worry about tomorrow and regret yesterday; live for today in His abundance seeing all there is to see
people who do nothing but complain over twitter annoy me...
I am following you Kali Anna can you please follow me
LA you down. LA you down, got something special for ya once you come to california.
S M H = Sex might help
When you feel good about yourself, others will feel good about you, too. I FEEL GOOD!!!
this bitch made both us sad alaysia dress her own self better then ths TEENAGER lol
There is no greater treasure than the respect and love of a true friend.
#Love doesn't hurt! It's the misunderstandings, misconceptions, expectations, pride & ego that hurts. Get 2 know #Love & u'll find URSELF :)
Thank you for the RT, Carrie!
that's cool, I'm glad it's still some strong women out here...
it's a fun group
Can't wait for results. Never would have thought to just use greens. But that makes total sense.
This summer is already starting off amazing....so much more to come ready for the road trips
I wanna know if Kristen is playing with baby Jackson on that plane ride.
#3wordsforyou obama's record? Puh-lease.
Thank you savannah!!(:
get after it! :D
looking forward to collaborating also, I have to ask though hawkeye or cyclone fan?
I love so much iCarly and
Its A Nice Day In My City .
Find hobos and fight them!?!?
pure poison
Gantner hits a line drive BASE HIT TO RIGHT! Howell SCORES and it's 7-2 now! That will finally be it for Erickson!
thanks cool guy:)
Alex Kirk is a freshman, never fail to forget that.
Heading to set for orbitz! The early bird catches the commercial (in this case)
Gotta put my Nashville loyalty aside for this one... Let's go Hoyas! First round win against Belmont --> final four run?
How'd to go? #Detropia is mad curious.
soo IMPROV WAS AMAZING LAST NIGHT. I love every single one of those seniors, and I can't even fathom that it was my last show with them ):
Pacific Stock Exchange SBIC n Trust Indenture combine $120 million split Near East Philippines Portugesa Hunc Guys
How To Repot an Orchid
RT I get on a beat in Snap like im singing acapellas-Los
Super moon and Cinco de Mayo tomorrow. Somebody gonna get pregnant.
Which son said his mother didn't have "nannies," but failed to mention her two au pairs?
Hey Alito. How's that Citizens United decision working out? Hate to say I told you so. But I told you so.
RT : "When we can no longer change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves." - Viktor Frankl
Parent trigger bill in Florida is up for a vote in the Florida House!
then dont complain
Had a great first day of summer with and dylan
I thought you already followed me before?
Life is too short...dnt take things for granted and live each moment like its ur last !
how much?
Let the pain begin . Another shoulder rehab session, Luckily there is a liquor machine in the lobby.
I would love to but I think I have a conflict. You?
happiness in a cup
At work (:
Here’s something special for all our followers enjoying summer-like temps this week - 25% OFF ICED TEA thru 11:59 PM PT 3/18! Code: ICECUBES
he killed it BIG TIME he is just so talented !!!!
Meet Kim! RT : Portland, OR students - tonight is ur night! #gapyear fair at Lincoln HS 6-8:30 pm. will b there!
Just you wait!!!!
Stretching, clawing & waking my azz up - have on this a.m. 845a PT. "Lights Out" specil preems April Fools Day!
TNDP by Nats announcer on that one.
Methinks it's supposed to be more funny that words to live by. But feel free to debate Apple if you feel strongly.
Rainbow Moon postponed, but shiny new screenshots -Destructoid
I can't wait to see this! I missed all of the Boston screenings.
Firm agreement here! RT i think a refresher on why we use controlled vocabularies is always good (seriously) #lodlam (via )
RT : RT : Good Morning to Everyone that's about to wrestle with NATO like me
RT life as a lead is an endless list of little things that collectively keep u busy, but in aggregate dont feel much like progress
Can't believe I didn't know about the DC Pachyderm Parade until told me. Bring on the elephants!
It's cool. Just play some B. Spears next time I'm out and we're good.
SO SO SO funny haha
It makes me mad because I have to hear it from someone else to know.
First iPad tweet! Thank you! You rock!
I'm a girls dream guy! Easter Sunday = sitting at local pub watching golf and baseball! Go
PokeHerPrincess thursday night is our beer pong match at Diablos. U two should roll.
2 things: sext me your number and hello this is your best bud scala. Love you.
I've been ignoring necessary purchases for far too long. 11 items and counting off amazon today
THAT'S FUNNY
im think YES!
That annoying moment when you can't find the long side of the blanket.
You go girl!
What about me?
For every follower, is donating $1 to RMHC Austin up to $2500. Please follow and spread the word.
Jus when I thought I was the only 1 let me kno we on the same Music page<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I hope Ron aka Metta World Peace took his meds
I am mobile now!
"The night clerk rehards him with vacant, bulging eyes full of a vague envy for the blind."- HUGHIE
Yay! Good result for first 501 paper.
I'm trippin off of Tupac's holographic performance , that shid mind fucked me o_O
Ravage premiere tonight. Can't wait to see everyone again. :)
well yes, young donald is skidding right back down. my mehness about him knows no bounds.
I'm not a fucking role model!!
Daiimn he got all the bitches haha
Thanks! Just keeping it classy;) Hope your paper for this week went smoothly, weather is making it hard to do homework indoors.
How can that bike move after all the steak you guys just ate with us????
was 2am the night I got there, didn't sleep a second before work the next morning.
- Yeah. It's not the mastering I was referring to. Great concept that we'll surely see more of.
A creature like my cat could only arise in evolution due to creatures such as I... no wonder people are confused!
chelle what's good girl?
I will work hard, and I will not complain. RT : Today I will ______________, and I will not ______________! RT your answers!
Were are you seats going to be?
Middle class will balloon from 1.8 billion to 4.8 billion in next 20 years. Conservation innovation is one key to meeting new demand.
Dear World Economy, My 401k has had just about enough of your nonsense. Please get your sh*t together. Thanks.
Obstacles will look large or small to you according to whether you are large or small. ~Orison S. Marden
Congrats to Celeb Board Member Hawaii State legislature recognized the contributions of #H50! Great job on all your hard work!
you're the sweetest :)
Happy Birthday
HCP needs a food truck 5:30 - 7:30 next Wednesday night (Mar 21)! Any suggestions or anyone available?
Sally should text me &d keep me companY :) *hint hint*
whoa nice! what color? I think I'm going for red or white.
I'm thinking of a master plan.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
#YergerTech at #dcweek! Stay tuned for pics later on!
Cone from the corner store lookin ass!!!
you did? Lol
NEWSFLASH: Scott Walker already has actual new BLS jobs #'s for WI. They come out Thurs. His own jobs "report" is Wed. Do the math.
no problem :]
Made a 70 on ms.bunting final ”/
Isn't that where they say "Corn Husker or Corn Cobber?"
Guess ill do just that
Hope you all had a SUPER time in Indy! Loved meeting you and KG! You guys are amazing! Your new fans will be following!!
Let the Hatch Chile sesaon begin! Starting today Hatch Chiles on everything.Hatch Chile Quesadillas Hatch Chile Chicken Salad Hatch Chiles!!
Awww screw it, I give. Brett Favre is awesome.
This week will be comprised of large amounts of studying and #advocare spark... #finals week is underway. Good luck everyone
I better find your lovin’ I better find your heart I bet if i give all my love then nothings gonna tear us apart
Why opinion of SPCA went down?
Yummy spring rolls are hitting the spot as an afternoon snack. :)
Today I have received so many positive signs. Read between the lines. For this I am very thankful..
i think i like having a digital personal assistant
What is the value of a parcel of land that no one uses and very few even are aware exists? Plow it...
Too bad your guys with iPhone picture is rachet
"Oops." "Oops?" "Yeah, forgot to lock it to the pad. Off it goes. Sorry."
Whats the pic of? It doesn't show on my ipod. Lol :p
I feel like Gloria walking around Disneyland...wrong shoe choice.
I hope to use your good wishes soon! In a holding pattern, for now.
my life is so complicated
st st stutters lol
Best jumper in basketball belongs to_________? Feel free to give a former and/current player if that keeps the offseason juices going..
Tell me more! I've seen the Cisco on-stage demos, but never a free walking one!
Hello ! Got a few presidents club lounge entries 2 use. #DoTell What r they all about? Different in ea. country? What's the scoop?
Health Insurance Infographics from HealthCompare Educate Today's Consumers on ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Design without strategy is just art. Branding should be a part of every project. Agree?
That's the #oregon offense we've been waiting for!
RT "Marijuana is one of the safest, therapeutically active substances known to man."-DEA Judge Francis Young
Ah Evans by 3rd round KO, huge upset! Don't know anyone else on the card. You heard it here first!
i mean if its what you want but you need to fuckin visit more often than not or we're gonna scrap
Who needs tickets for Sleeping Giant next Friday and wants a free CD with it?
Stole the idea from a local restaurant who makes them that way. Also uses it for bourbon hot toddys.
1lonely tear for not being able to make
I cant even function its so awkward. Omfg.. Hi guys
guess I'll just have to wear my black boots, damn, my red boots went so well with my red dress :( bummer.
Call 770.875.0244 to be an extra 4 Club Rockin shoot private theater scene;1pm CALL TIME. All ages needed including adults/parents/children
I can't wait to see is going to do. He's going to be a great one!
after I am done with work I'm game.
Will look around for your Director Position :) Franc @ sixeed
#zonamaco12 final day. Gallerists, artists, collectors are exhausted and ready for a real meal
Katz: we are in the weather business - we can predict with the precision of an almanac - but almanacs dramatically increased agri output
hey bro whats been up? all the rain kept me in today...
BITCH stop FLEXIN'
You know you wanna talk to me, bc you know damn well you love me, and you know very damn well we'll be talking soon enough.
I know where I'll be...
via "Tim Hightower will rejoin the Redskins "
Work is going to be boring for the next two weeks without my bestie. :(
I think you're cute. But you'll never know...or care. #I'mjustanothergirl
RT : Hey DENVER! Ready for a vacation!? details on how to win a SWA tix at the #SWACourt at Skyline Park tomorrow!
Your not pretty,you butt is just fat.
so i could say Happy b-day
so Bill Clinton was conservative then?
And she said "it's nothin I haven't seen before" I'm sick. This is nasty
Haha. That would be cool!
awesome, just heard about your strategy to bet against homeowners ability to pay their mortgages. lovely!
You are = You're. Just a reminder to some folks.
A goal should scare you a little, but excite you a lot.
go Monsters
Please tell me you're being SARCASTIC!!
The Grand Lodge has availability this summer for indoor & outdoor meetings, picnics, birthday parties and more! Call 503.992.9530 for info.
Who are you?
back in the stu w/ - hits on the way!!!
Indeed. RT : Early morning, you are like cruel shoes.
Homework is almost done!
u realize this happened in grafton with a AAYFL coach 10 years ago...
RT : Move your org or company to a culture where failure can lead to opportunity.
#cubs won today. sups?
Four things support the world: the learning of the wise, the justice of the great, the prayers of the good, and the valor of the brave
Been up in the lab a day checking out the future of the game
thank you my friend :) May the Lord bless you !
there is a lot of time left in this one ... Just sayin
omg I can't wait to go to the obama protest with you
I'm going to upload them to a photo sharing website in just a sec. I'll tweet the link in a few.
have you worked with us before? If not, let us know - would love to have you in for a tasting!
Hop, the movie. quite funny actually.
Weird to think how many things are different just cruisin down 95s.
I hate seeing it against my #Yankees, but Darvish is a friggen stud. Unreal stuff.
Check out Napa Hour as well as the awesome food! 2 for 1 adult beverages from 5-7pm in the bar! See you there!
Tuxedo T-Shirt Shooter With Red Vest – Black
YES it's true! Shorty's will be opening up in Boca this month. The corner of 441 and Clint Moore Rd.
It #smells like #some #nasty #ass #breath #up in #here #grody CieraMariexoxo
Size variations are popular with tile these days, from tiny tiles for mosaic applications to large, rather sheet-like squares of ceramic!!
i liked koji's comment the other night: "the haters and the cynics are just brokenhearted romantics"
Could blast Future all day. <3
RT And the time came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom. -- Anaïs Nin
i see how twitter is changing the way ppl draw attn to others in emails & fb... am i gonna be twitter txting soon? we shall see!
ahh nice. I just got it, but am fighting the temptation to play as it's a busy week.It's taking every ounce of my willpower.
I hate the devils so much, a sweep would be so sweet
Walking home in the rain with no Hood or umbrella is always fun -.-
I could frekin punch u in the face right know because I am 10 and I looked it up
Let's
Suggestion from my coworkers when I asked if I should go with curly or straight hair: half curly and half straight.
Fresh lettuce is the best!
that YA stuff is for kids, now excuse me while I go identify with this here tux-wearing phallus and/or vast gaping hole
You should be boned instead.
Skunked... RT : “: Channel surfing for boobs #fridaynight” let me know if u find any. I couldn't
I might have just bought myself a very expensive present.
Just tasted the 2003 Napa Zin we are pouring tonight in a word, AMAZING!
Stern: Injuries not from schedule - ESPN
I wanna see The Avengers !!!
I understand why they have verification but it hurts my customers.
What type of peanut butter & jelly shit.is that #ohioslang lmfaooo
project x type sh.t....lmao naw j/p
Whose the #SexiestManAlive . . . ??
how do I do that lol
Hes too nice to do that lol if he told me to i would just be like no and he wouldnt care haha
HAPPY #FLOCKINSHINDIG DAY.
RT Have camera phones encouraged unethical behaviour at the site of breaking news events? DM answer, please RT (Masters Research)
take what I can get, then wait for what I want.
I am truly happy to read that Shirley Sherrod is going to take legal action against Andrew Breitbart. She fought back and is still fighting.
whats the dress code for tomorrow?
Always claimin to be "real" but when you're approached in person you the first one with hush-mouth. lmfao!
ive come to the conclusion that were just hurting eachother...are we fighting gor love or eachother???
I hope I don't go back to slangin' yayo. Slanging yayo... to get my mayo.
Rihanna has a headache
Hey guys im a boy directioner do you guys think you guys can give me a few shoutouts to raise my followers x
You have yourself and your family . No one else .
LOL people take things way to seriously.
Skip, I love you. You'r Dallas Cowbabies will be the worst by far! 3-13. Ta"OhNo" Romo will luck out this year!
Room service is the best
i can picture the boys walking through fans saying "oh shes a directioner, another one, OH she is a directionator"
Was just faced with a dodo's conundrum. There are no words.
You've got it rough tonight, . Teen Mom is battling you for ratings.
And 4 days until the Orioles are officially eliminated from playoff contention
You never know when you're gonna wake up and a friend of yours doesn't. Smdh. R.I.P Henry. Wtf bro?!
If your bf is an asshole, leave him. Don't complain about him to all your guy friends, don't use FB or twitter to put your drama on blast.
Art Pulse is having to make some very difficult decisions this week. Growth and pruning sometimes go hand in hand...
#yougetpointsif you were a Manning fan before he Was a bronco. None of you get points!
Have fun;) muah!
A saxophone can add so much to a song when properly placed and played.
did you get your HDD needs met from Have a great weekend!
Oh shit, just came by & I forgot to ask for BBQ. HELP!!
AMAZING AWESOMESAUCE SEASON FINALE!! CANT WAIT FOR S5. to the cast and crew of #castle thank you so much for your amazing work :D :D
Ale Mary's love u but u have tempted me unduly.
NO AUDIO ON THE WEB? What Gives? I can't listen tonight! Regular programming on Freedom 970 on the web! This Sucks.
Don't fucking lie to me. About anything. Period.
Every saturday morning my grandmother comes over and either a) complains about stuff or b) ask my mom to take her to the store
Thank you for following. I sent you a direct message.
Story of my life
I wish there was 25 hours in a day
Wish didn't look so freaking bored right now
Thursday already! This week is flying by! Only a few more days till The Red Wire and Flatfoot 56 at the Gear!
We need you at the UofA.. Hope you decide to join the AZ family!
YOU'RE A LITTLE LATE, I'M ALREADY TORN, OH, TORN <3 ok I'm done (':
Priestly early user of term 'data'
Madeline is the official judge of bad game music, and she has deemed the Awesomenauts soundtrack officially worse than Trials Evolution.
Laura, send suggested additions for #medlibs in #hcsm to Thx.
That was the best thing I've ever seen
Even though I look nice in a weave lol
Trail Blazers open training camp in Tualatin. We're closed out 'til 2:30. Waiting to see players, get reaction to Roy retirement news.
Appreciate the kind words. Thanks for listening.
There is more sugar in the Powerbar I ate earlier on set than in the package of peanut butter m&ms I'm just now about to eat.
Baruch students will honor cancer patients & fundraise to support cancer research at Relay For Life tonight! Kick-off is @ 6pm.
no work today.....whats duh plan
God Bless.
Going to head into the last 9 days of our campaign. We're going to give part of the funds to the Taiwanese elders in the movie
its not, it just don't happen in Michigan
They say we're too young to love but maybe they are too old to remember.
Thanks dude! This train keeps on rollin' rollin' rollin'....
TOTS! Pretty much everyone at my work is going to VidCon!
Somehow tonite ended up with some girl faceplanting the floor. . . . while throwing up.... Picture that in slow motion.
Because, I do not take an offense to what you say does it really make it true? I think not!
#Head #Coaches from Florida, Alabama, Georgia Tech, Iowa State, Cincinnatti, Oregon State, Iowa, Western Kentucky here at Green Valley HS
you and I would hope but there's so many people who like him regardless of the constitutional atrocities he commits.
Most likely. Plus, it's probably for nude scenes which right now in my life, I personally don't feel comfortable with. :P
That picture scared me! Haha, looks pretty good! :>)
And of course how can a burger joint in NM not offer a chile cheeseburger?? Try the Chile Bliss!
U should come explore The Children's Museum of Indy's newest exhibit King Tut! W/ over 100 artifacts from Tut & other pharaohs
sent in my 1D superfan email ! its long but i wanted to answer everything to the best of my ability :) thank you
sad u never will :P
Had to cross the street through an occupy wall street protest parade today. Was almost danced on by several people, including Santa.
yes I could. My cousin lives in Tacoma too and there is a Picasso show at the Seattle Art museum.
We LOVE Mondays here! First day of opportunities. Think we'll make some CDs, DVDs & custom tees... Have a GREAT week Ya'll!!
The octo-pussy came out puss- tabulous !!
Got to hang out a little bit with some of the company members of the Dallas Black Dance Company. They were really cool!
all depends what you're trying to provoke! i think its a cool idea though, packages!
Thursday night from 7-9pm see Ben Meade, a Professor of Film & Digital Media at KC’s Avila University, curate some local short films
I draw, paint anything, check out my work...let me know and I'll give you a good special deal bro www.leocortesstudios.com
It's past noon. It's okay to drink wine now.
I've never heard Alec Baldwin fart, but I bet it would smell like Pastrami.
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing – that’s why we recommend it daily. ~Zig Ziglar
you can count that CLE - accredited courses up to 12 months before you're licensed are reportable once you're licensed.
Oh! That letter was just to say hi and introduce ourselves to you. You found us on , and we're just reaching out!
Star Wars reference in chapel.
Yes, it's the lead article in Lighting and Sound America this month -- I just haven't gotten around to reading it yet.
murder > bullying on the list of evil. :p
looks great Phil!
When I was 13, Idina Menzel sang at my best friend's Bar Mitzvah. There is video to prove it!
MU game tonight, please don't sleep on Rutgers tonight. Would be a brutal loss.
Dude, AGC is my shit. Fucking love that class.
People out here are stingy
One of my fav quotes RT : In theory there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice there is. Yogi Berra
Tonight's photo editing #playlist - a mixture of , , and my good friend Work accomplished! :)
#BreakingDawn. Not as fulfilling, feeling disappointed. My heart hurts.
tommy lee just tweeted deadmau5 an Instant santa pic!!!!!
hey, if there's free beer in the fridge and monday night football on your TV then i can surely make it five!
follow me bitch
yeah dude....I followed them on here lol
Chatting with a pediatrician about food allergies. They are seeing more & more children at much younger ages than ever before.
Your flopping is an embarrassment to the #NBA. Man up and stop acting!
Just had an awesome time at the #libmade webinar. Tons of inspiration for Library Labs ALA presentation and new podcast for lunchtime walk.
I'm excited about rehearsal tonight with :)
Goodnight beautiful world. #god bless all of you people, you guys are amazing. :)
Harbaugh: "I could have been more clear that I was referring to those viewpoints."
Not sure if you can sue for sexual harassment if you apply for a job in a brothel.
AIR 12 on the scene of a commercial fire at Pacific Dye Cast on NW Fruit Valley Road in Vancouver. Fire appears to be out. No injuries.
What did you do?
“: . eliminates another. Chip leader with 15 left! #inthemoney #ineedacharger”
Nothing like an on time on the spot elevator
So very many issues with the Kardashian sisters. So very, very many.
so. thirsty. apple juice... so far away!
Me, you, Luis and Kelly... Lets kick it tomorrow or Friday?
He can use this as motivation or his confidence will be shot and he'll play like crap..
Better late than never! :)
I is on Google+. Who'll find the other first?
I did that once. Developed a terrible allergy! RT I have consumed 20 mangos in the past month, easy.
Trying saying "gosh" in your head. Its so hard!
RT : RT : #Chopper10 is over a multi-vehicle accident on I-64 WB just past Northampton Blvd. Traffic is starting to...
its not pretty for the jets is all I am saying (if “: Anyone willing to update me on the Jets v. Patriots game puhhhleeasee? :)”
greetings twitter.
it aint the den
That would be much appreciated! RT : Great business concept! I will keep you in mind for clients.
Anytime hot stuff! Let's cross our fingers! PS, I'll call you sometime soon :)
Doin dr kinsman hw gonna do sum old stuff too and put my own check on it
I was also harassed by John Travolta...that's how strongly I feel about Battlefield Earth being a terrible movie.
After last night's W the #Twins only new to win 15 more in a row to get back to .500. Looking forward to that day.
An intelligent hell would be better than a stupid paradise
Thank you for taking us down memory lane. Ah, the good 'ol days.
NOSOA: Live 4 seasons in Sudbury you do not need to be an architect to realize that a glass atrium as nothing to do with the genius loci.
hahz loved that!
Everything is wonderful!
I LOVE seeing all these posts about people's moms.Its nice to see how much people appreciate&love their mothers :)..just like me with mine:)
it was on The last episode of community.
Nothing like new Tupperware!
Panel discussions on commonalities of the Afro and Latin Americans... food, fun and discussion. Admission is $20.00
at as220 drinking a beer. Was over at small point before for coffee. Their coffee is so good. Enjoying Harper's. where are you?
So NYC had a really nice warm weather today. I was able to go to two libraries, and then a bookstore.. Nice!
Amanda Palmer a) likes New Order, and b) still listens to tapes. My faith in humanity restored, I'm gonna go dance on my desk.
oh thats sad im prayin for him
Just had an edge of my seat ride watching the new show #Touch....it's a must see. Better than 24!
I guess I have time to run some errands then, huh? Thanks!
I know how to live on almost nothing or with everything. I have learned the secret of living in every situation. ~Philippians 4:12
In the end, #WIAA uses GB for leverage, and doesn't listen to GBB coaches & players' desires to stay in Madison. Disappointing all around.
RT: Latest on Favre! BREAKING NEWS Favre Spotted In Southern Illinois On Tractor; Presumably On Way To Minnesota For Training Camp
I have a secret promise to myself this summer to have the best one I've ever had...
I'd ask "Who's there?" but I have a pretty good idea that the answer would be "Beth."
#know12 Lillie quotes Lincoln: "The dogmas of the quiet past, are inadequate to the stormy present."
no, no kids, off on lovely bike ride in city park and pier, Have a good night! :)
“: I probably won't get any sleep tonight.” y not?
Musical...ALMOST OVER!
At least Marquette also beat them by 31.
agree with welcome to the big leagues,shows don't crowd the plate, cause I'm throwing inside.Hamels shdn't have admitted it
is Kim Jong Il your next big interview?
An opulent day for #recruiting #talent I think! Yesh Yesh!
I need to find more friends to hangout with.
talk that talk to me
U guys seen Fair Game?
Don't know too many top-tier IT professionals who want to go work for govt but many would give free advice. [+]
New Years Eve is just around the corner book your room now in LAS VEGAS 8 HOTELS TO CHOOSE FROM www.myvegaspeople.com
Free Beer Friday topic to be announced, stay tuned!
hoping to see you at some point this weekend- ! Squeakster reunion, haha :)
It is hotter than a plasma screen TV in a crack house outside!!
precisely, or another tribunal like the ad hoc tribunals.
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be. George Sheehan
HAPPY HUMPDAY my Twitter pals.....I Love You Guys
Hahahahaha lol this is my first tweet
whats wrong your acting sad :( and not DMing back! :(
Let us feed you tonight, La Salita Nation...you deserve it!
Thank goodness Brandon Marshall got out of bounds. Now Jets can kick a field goal.
when the last time you saw me pushin a whip downtown GB?
Thanks for the RT. Big loves and mwah!
The link for the blood drive indicates one that occurred on 12/19/2011. Is there a new one for Monday?
lol why are you not sleep already?
Watching Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street.
younger, by 4 years.
Thank you abc family for playing three of my favorite movies in a row
That's because Close out games are kinda easy. Go #Nuggets! Oh, and Raiders suck ;)
yea my sis lives down here
#USMNT v Argentina!
A lot of people don't know that Prince is a bonafide musician. Not just a singer w/a pretty face. He also knows how 2b funny 2.
getting sleepy
Did any of U C Matt Millen on SportCenter last night He was brought to tears over this situation
It's a cold morning! Lots of driving all over town today, hope the roads are in good shape. Have a good day!
Pounding out a short story for a contest right now. Deadline is Saturday! Putting my trust in deadline-induced brilliance right now.
take your lonely self to sleep !!
When people come into joes asking if we serve fish>>>>>>>>> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
FYI, Serra's "Two Corner Cut: High, Low" at the Menil is magnificent. Rest of show is, too.
Even Cameras Lie is playing
I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass. --Maya Angelou
I take classes at East Bank, but I've heard great things about CorePower and Tejas, if you're not an East Bank member. =)
I don't count $YHOO or $AOL either - they still exist but don't matter - no customer love, just inertia
Drinking coffee and reflecting on the weekend and what needs to be done.
you forgot to bee like duces.
i scuffed the front of my damn dunks damn!!!!!!!!
can I come?
Eli Manning is doing a great job on #SNL ;p :o
too much stuff running on your phone.
Cigarea.com - is the cheapest cigarettes shop online, really.
Exactly! I loved it as well. But I must confess, I'm just as excited for 'Much Ado About Nothing'! But when's it out?
I called him he said he is not ur lawyer OMG LOL baby birds this is weird
i just LOLed
IS JUSTIN ON FUCKING SNL TONIGHT OR NOT OMG. YES OR NO ANSWER PEOPLE.
VERY cool! Congrats! The world needs more kick-ass sword fighting, strong females in leather!!
fb so i can dm u
Only the Holy Ghost gives you the strength to endure the blows of those that were just singing your praise 7 days before.
Installing the Skyped interviews on iPad. This is so cool. Can 't wait to see everything together.
you belong with us Ben. Come on board!
Can't wait for Hector to teach me how to say 'Goalie has herpes!' in Spanish!!!
yeah, saw u. Was hard to escape. Lol. Thanks for attending!
Mr. Gold Finger =
You mean not a single tweet that we were in the finals?
xD Are you going to the btw ball?
At least there's only one more week until break! :D
In the end winner is content. Good content, sharable content and consumer-driven content will allow us all to have a broader spectrum of...
heard these young bucks on the bus talking about this Avrey dude who was dope. I was like his name is Avrey Smith...lol
Happy Friday night everyone :) Remember to party hardy, but be smarty ;)
Tried Rabo Encendido for the first time. I love cuban food.
I swear if it works I'll love (Sorry, I'm not writing the name) forever more than I already do.
Ugh I'm so tired about to head to work thank god I'm only there for 4 hours :)
wipe me down
dinner in Cleveland
I know how you feel. -___-
no one is more special really... just at a different place with a different perspective
MT : followed the howl....overwhelmed. I'm telling my stories & helping other people tell theirs until further notice.
Pale-skinned curly-haired Jewish girls with big eyes = Swoon. Especially the one in mind...
We all say shit then take it back
haha meant faster. Thanks iPhone auto-correction.
that would be my guess (at least indirectly - e.g., "that X is downright wicked")
U is fine as hell
Jahi how about sending your mailing address so you can actually come to said shower?
Sex Equation: Me plus you, minus your clothes, divide your legs and lets multiply!
DANG i 'liked' something on facebook that i didnt mean to... now i feel ugly, poor, broke down, homeless, slutty, dirty, rude and fat.
Watch the live at bayrevival.org, is leading worship now!
I love when babies learn how to plug the drain of the tub when trying to end bath time.
": A second chance doesn't always mean a happy ending. Sometimes it’s just a chance to end things right this time around."
Watch the money come, I'll never let it go.
i got u under my skin
welcome to twitter.
I Will Always Love You....
Dark shadows had a nice charm I enjoyed it. Awesome previews for gangster movies to come!
Burke? I think he's from the Capitol City of college football and the home of the winner of 7 of last 8 OSU-UM FB games. Right?
Ok back to work
Do u have armpit stains from the Austin heat?A Ketchup stain from lunch? Whatever stain it is,drop by at ,we can get it out!
Happy National Grilled Cheese Day! Who makes your fave sammie?
hahaha mines a reference to someone haha but I'm also listening to it
hey adam. Sorry just saw this. Sure send over the question if its still a question
"One Direction > everything else."
Is there a joke that everyone thinks is funny?
Thank you! :)
more big government, pandering and tax abuse. Same ol' same ol'
Preach Sister!
Church was amazing. Honest word brought today. God and I have some discussing to do about the subject matter. <3
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number so call me maybe
Thanks, man. Plenty of time to think when you're running. You know.
Off To Bed Early . Been Out All Day ; Goodnight Everyone . Can I Get One Back ?
Have you ever looked at the screen at the arclight Pre-trailers and thought, what the fuck is that blue had white blob design?
that's what we like to hear :)
I hate my iPod... and hate is a strong word.
...can we remember The Groundlings? & that most Operas had light plots so people could socialize during a show?
Will his Bug be ok? Hope it's not a difficult fix!
Happy Mother's Day!
it was true and it was fabulous! I really wish she would've done a few songs though.
Great reference on
Barry needed to avoid the fence but instead he hung out there too long. Up til that point this was the best hes looked in a long time
Got me ironing curtains #wheretheydothatat?
1000 free business cards with any order of 100 custom apparel units or more! Or 5000 business cards for $99.95 with free delivery.
KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK!! interview is still at the top of many peeps list!! #V6Mtv Go Honey Cocained !
On ma way to NYC bitches
Yay! Glad you had fun.
One if the supervisors at the women's incense centers is a man; he had to go through #gender training as part of his management training!
Drinking bud light platinum like its my job in addition to Edie's pizza and wings. I love being home
Proud of #depaul for hosting on campus today.
The people in my life are my classroom. They all almost all strangers. -- Will Richardson
Why don't patrons ever remember to take off the security tags on DVDs? C'mon ppl, don't be idiots!
Hey new people! Please follow me I alway follow back<3 and I'm looking for someone to help me with this account! Like an admin!
tough shot.
Fashion in Spain is for the young: every girl under 32 is in short shorts often paired with tights and boots. Patterns are mixed and loud
hahaha...my money is on Mecca as well, but let's see if my French speaking can open any doors, lol.
"You don't set up to innovate" - Randy Rollison
Coming from you, THE HUNGER GAMES is now my first "must see" this year. (My faves incl Brazil, Blade Runner, etc).
: As a follower, you are an inhabitant on the "island", a metaphorical reference to info related to issues / event in SW ATL.
Have a great Sunday!
Special thanks and shout out to everyone who came and supported the show last night. Also we thank everyone who been purchasing the new cd
Caught the Baltimore Rock Opera Society's latest production VALHELLA and it was so awesome. It runs for just one more week.
Guess Im gonna do something about my "incredible obesity" #nomoreeating #sickofbeingfat ...
It's all subjective, no? I saw Billy Brag twice bc of you. He's good live, has smthng to say but my ears still hurt. :-)
Premium Chocolatiers (Dairy, Nut, Gluten, Egg Free Chocolates ...
how are you??
YOU BiTCHES FOLLOW EACH OTHA LiKE DAT SHiT CUTE #Cat And Mouse Hoes!!! GET DEA
my parents fought a lot, but back them most people ignored it. That discontent destroys the fabric of love.
Obsessed with 's chipotle hummus. and I very nearly finished the container in one sitting.
#AskPSanders What is the weirdest fan letter you have gotten?
Funny thing, with Yung away I become Mr. Clean House. Some work, as in work, has gotten done, but boy is the kitchen clean.
Woe, is me
HA! NO reason to be scared! was too but did great! #twittermovie awesomeness! =D
Looking further into it- it just will. No potential necessary.
i wish i could have seen more this weekend ! :(
Tune in to this morning at 6:50. & will be on to get your Tuesday morning started!
Walked out of the room with a wrinkled t-shirt on.
ha! Agreed!
This is like the second time iv ever worn sperrys and now i know why. They hurt like a mofo.
Lady Gaga and Britney Spears' songs should NEVER be covered by the Glee cast.
Have added 2 more states to my visited list. Think my count is now 38 or 39 but have to check with the map.
When songs relate to your life. thank you
Agree, although not stated in the vid. Are there any profit numbers behind it? Curious to see the bottom line for one of them.
what's good
Bonfire friday
you're bout to get blocked.
well fly high! ;-) Btw Luvin that Avi and now
I saw something that reminded me of you... But don't worry, I flushed the toilet
Walked into bar and got paid by the bartender for a gig I forgot I played.
I'm so tired and sleepy :/
so, bambi is a disney character. right? right?
Pls. contact my mom re: an interview 4 your blog:
Like it love it or fuck it #believe it I could careless
Very funny! Was in today
Author I'm editing for just called: "I have more work for you; I can't do this without you". How nice to be so needed!
ahh thank you :'D
Ah well, don't say I ddin't offer ;)
I've had an absolutely amazing weekend. Positivity in Detroit lives. I love #Detroit!
Thanks for the Follow Monday!
You dumb as shit when you get high....
Watching Idol! When you think you are one-in-a-million you actually are but not necessarily "the one." You are unique go be the best one!
I fucking hate this class.
Help us #growthegame and provide Milwaukee girls and women the ability to #striveforsomethingmore through soccer.
Got it now. And see you know what I meant.
You are welcome! RT : Thanks for the list :)
Listen to some classic Bob Marley,hope ya like Jammin' too...
not anout me
What time is it? ...GAME TIME! TERPS vs UNC @ Noon. Check out our $9 soup and sandwich specials! GO Terps!
HEY . what you doing today ?
Going! RT : sippin' in seersucker 5/18 at to benefit the We'll be scoping out the outfits!
fire and parachutes don't go well together :)
Sounds like a great event...looking forward to it!
School uniform is the worst i know its just a black collard shirt but still.
I'll meet you halfway, at fuchsia, with shoutouts to the non-shy, non-hair-in-a-bun info pros of &
Looking at the schedule, Bills end season with 4 of 5 home games in Dec. Expect last season push.
Being left has got to be the wort feeling in the world <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Go HAM swag yolo! God stfu with that shit. It's stupid
Headed to cincinnati today. Weathers cold, lovin and cuddling with my girl Achan.. love her
can't wait to see you at #tromadance next week!
Ready for a long days work tomorrow. Have to go to Mission Veijo tomorrow for a modeling shoot on the BUS!!!! 3 hours away from the crib!
Waiter at Outback though I called him babe. Eh, maybe he and I will get married now
It is a good thing! Value for the money. ;)
PLEASE tell me how to get the involver premium app subscription, it seems like the website keeps sending me in circles!
Do not wallow my friend!! Get inspired & check out the 4 gutsy girls blogging about their QLC's in real time @ stratejoy.com !! :)
let's catch Astro fever
Wow. Joe and I have been cool for a minute bruh... you late son!
www.madisoncurlingclub.com
i miss the cold weather its to hot in florida!
RIP Whitney Houston. Grammy winning singer and actress in Preachers Wife, Waiting to Exhale and The Body Guard.
I think the night racing will catch on!
Cancer, the growing silent killer among the Ugandan population - Daily Monitor
"Its a dark shirt for a reason"-Dan. On r way to the Turning Stone brewfest. Go to Lovin Cup if u r in Roc today
One day at a time
Red Dot has $3 Pinnacle Mixed Drinks tonight! 2498 N Bartlett
Crazy ass people acting up
All of Richmond #rva is a living, breathing pre-game show today.
nd love u both
Shorty like mine ;)
girl infront of me got the last collins salad dressing... this some sick joke
I was terribly sorry to learn of the passing of John Payton-a great friend and civil rights hero from my old firm, Wilmer Hale.
#NP EXCUSE ME MAMA BY MiSH0N
so if Mick isn't here u get mad. always seems that way
Omg. Her dad is so high .
Fantasy NBA, anyone?
Congrats! RT : At the Pfister Hotel accepting #PRSA Paragon Awards for - Great job team!
cuz I don't wanna be a loner boner by myself.
I remember one time skyped me in the middle of the night in Scotland & he looked like he had been doing some serious cocaine.
Like what is doing? RT : Hang Ten! How the History of Surfing Went Digital
So close I thought I could touch it
I heard the new Soundgarden song today. Not bad, although I think what I was wanting was "Outshined" cont'd. Cravin' the heavy!
Thanks for listening, Amy! Hope you're staying cool today.
Dam niggas are so disrespectful to girls now adays.....girls deserve to be treated like princesses not prizes that is won!
What would your name be if you were a girl? Shoutout to Jada From Canada ...........
epic, soon my device will be full of different app/tweak/theme stores with no room for any of the tweaks xD
on the bright side this gives u time to find that loving cup!
Heading home. This morning went fast. This afternoon...not so much. Don't have to be back at work until January 2.
We put up my pool in March.
I hate how someone can just act like you never even existed to them.
emailed lovelyskin 2 weeks ago cuz I never received the Epionce hand cream i was supposed to get as a gift
time is ticking! Get those 5k race registrations in! www.juvenile.org
His mother was a Quaker, & he was raised as one, I think. Whether he practiced Quakerism as an adult, I don't know.
Are you prepared for the backlash? Internet "Heroes" have judged you less relevant than you were before, BEWARE!
The Honorable UNITY DOW will have an intense 4-day schedule of community contacts in ME leading to her lecture on Tue, March 27th at 7pm
Still on the set For a pilot episode!
Cashier: Have a nice day. Me: Don't tell me what to do.
What are the current trends in #education #technology?
Ping pong class?! Im not meeting you a Spin bar ever.
and its not the same without you...no really, it's cold and rainy!
boring people
Thanks! We will! RT : You guys are our favorite simple CMS. Keep doing what you do.
damn ' can at least one of you bitches out here dare to be different ? im tired of the same clothes , same hair , same attitudes -_-
>>> Sounds Good!
truth is, its powerful, I see its advantages over other cms's.
Just realized its Friday the 13th, well let's just see how this day goes and hopefully Jason will come out to play :)
haha I think I give him too many treats
hahaha perfect! Now, I need to start taking more pics on there :)
Tomatoes in gumbo? Y or N?
There is too much cat hair around this joint. Next cat will be of a non-shedding type.
so far so good
Had to switch the channel when Pauly D from Jersey Shore started to DJ on I hate watching dub step.
OK ! Let's try and make it happen!
Soo excited for lunch with :)
You and me both
like probably not for awhile
always has the skinny on free ice cream and burritos... "skinny" may not be the right choice of words...
Why didn't let fans come up 10th to watch finish? Lined up back to 10th tee.
currently at aloft. Just finished reminisces with at Knight's Lair - u missed jousting armor display
RT : Truly inspired by the #ascd12 stream...I will be there next year! I plan to be too!
do you still go on youtube?
a first for political campaigns!
First band meeting today, gonna get shit done!
Please be careful if you're out in this weather!!
You've got to give it to get it.
Richmond MBA students preparing for Int'l Residency in Budapest. Thanks to H-P and Morgan Stanley for hosting consultancy projects.
#ACWSSanDiego is finally here! RSVP to for the 7 p.m. hosted bar at tomorrow... #playtime :)!
My YouTube account is back up and running :P videos. Hah lame but I can say i try :)
What would the word cloud for all social media look like? How large the terms regarding interreligious and intercultural understanding?
Does anyone want to help me cause some Mayhem on Hollywood Blvd tonight?
What if Torres scores against liverpool ?
thanks for having me!
OH I'LL BE GLAD TO TAKE ONE (; lol
Rory Gilmore is on Mad Men. Yup, just frikin awesome. Well played Mad Men!
Spotify is charging to use its iPad app? What are the ads and commercials paying for? Back to Pandora and the like.
For Mother's Day #FF and and
Ha! I've thought that at times too. What's the saying, "dogs have masters; cats have staf"? I believe it.
Captain Planet is slated for the White House Easter Egg Roll ... I thought he went off the air 20 years ago
fluffy and buttery, oh yes indeed ;)
I think it means you've made it when you've been Rick-rolled during a live student social media-enriched program!
What a great idea! Traumatized kids need a guide entering a very adult world.
talk to about how she composites massive effects layers all in avid
"State of the Union" replaced with "Carnival of Carnage".
We here at CTG want to wish everyone a great Thanksgiving!
could you get anymore better with the remix that just happened?! That was amazing!!
haa if you do i will defiantly be there to watch (: ahaa
Get it right, get it tight! LOL Gr8 day all ;-)
Of course it helps! :) thanks!
lmao :3 and r u on fb rite now o.o cuz it would be easier to just talk to me on it -_-
Thanks! it was fun
maybe you should release the album on twitter and tweet it to people lol. Kill 2 birds with 1 stone! :-)
omg I'm dying that you just tweeted my Dickie doodle
Another BEAUTIFUL day in Dallas! Love this spring like weather!
Per C18-L: "Has anyone ever read about when men started using aftershave? Is putting something on the face after a shave an old custom?"
road trip to florida this summer? i think so
I'm pregnant. And going through menopause. Plus, my period is coming up.
#MattCavanuaghSays The Charlotte Bobcats are the best team in the NBA
We goin ham!!!
Curbside call in and pick up at #wethepizza. Almost too easy? Nah.
Why am I in so much goddamn pain?
There’s no next time. It’s now or never. -Celestine Chua
Now that you have started to pay attention to hockey, how will you help 'promote' it in Portland?
google's les paul homepage is very cool.
Lol...can't help but love Him!!!
I know! I wish the same!
I'm doing great bro! Hbuuuu
I truly believe that my haters are my motivators.
300,000 #recallwalker signatures does not include the 20 we turned in last night! Yipee!!
Hi Josh! I`m looking for entry level positions in PR/Marketing in Chicago or DC!
I know how to live lol
Church in 20 minutes.
buy Angie a vacation! :)
officially employed in the city of Raleigh :) feeling so incredibly lucky lately!
put it on a shirt RT : And I like books. I always have, and always will. Nerd for life.
I know but damn at least I thought there was gonna be a good OT
It's nothing now. Time to move on and find someone new.
it happens all the time :)
5 Questions to Ask when Determining the Location of Your Server ...
only you...
i wonder if God doesn't show us more than just the next few steps b/c he knows we might freak out & doubt if we could see beyond that?
Oops! media(at)nostarch(dot)com. Tweets or DM work, too. :)
RT : On my way to "Spinning Tales From Fremont Street" at opening tonight! 6-8pm! I'll be signing my w co-creators
Dont be Haters ..Bulls fans
and I can't wait for to take the stage!
Who's watching your kids while you're watching your ipad?
Need to hit the hay early tonight; 4.30am interview with about Redefining Black Power tune in (if you're an early bird!)
I need an ipod with more fucking room!
if he ask me wt im doin one mo time ima screamm !
when I come back a DC venue will be easy to find!
I love to give my son a big hug whenever I pass his preschool class in the hall. When I walked away I heard "Wow, I never saw that comin'!"
The #Saints are on the clock. That sounds really weird, doesn't it? It's their first post-bounty scandal pick in
Ugggghhhhhh nasty ass
will be catering for the Umlauf Garden Party tmro, and at One World Theatre on Friday. Get your tickets while you still can!
Bynum is too inconsistent. He should be putting up 20 and 10 nightly!
We always appreciate the RT's! Thank you.
okie dokieee! :) thanks for taking the time to try though!
I'm so down...but only if you take a hit of this weed first, Adam!
You keep calling them fake but u still act like there friend , what does that make you ?
I Like Dahh New
Our marketing coordinator's daughter started her savings account at 3 years old.
Actually, can we make it 4?
Never In 1st period doe, like.. wtf? ):
RT: Using my own relationship to diss my mothers relationship? I'd call that
Being a Mahomie isn't a choice, It's a lifestyle. :D
RT : Everybody should get the Android App .>>>> den get dat
Heal thy living friday tomorrow with Dr Ben Spitzenberger of Greenlawn Family Chiropractic. Dont miss it and get your questions ready!
lets hope i get to the mall to buy a dress #hope OR i get a date...
Do you think they can beat Baylor????
This is my #spa day: #Gym, Steaming Room, #Massage!! Aaahhhhhhh!!!
I hate it when I get picked for things I'd rather not do and overlooked when I actually volunteer.
The educational careers of 25 to 40 percent of American children are imperiled because they don't read well enough.
aw you went and made a tweet just about me. How sweet <3
I'm in Warwick on Friday, kinda down south? Want to meet up? Half way lol?
- Good luck to your Ohio boys in the Sweet 16! Gonna be interesting...
were pranking him. Tweet him saying stop then when he's like what!!! Then tweet him "Being so perfect!! (:"
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect, it means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
What do you think: will Emily Maynards #Bachelorette be more or less interesting than Ashley's?
Myanmar Attracts Strong Investment Interest | Live Trading News
I'm glad you watched 'good' tv last night! , always proud of all does & pretty cool to hear about on national tv!
McRib is back=gov't surplus pork is available. Disclosure-I love a Big Mac. Also, "Gov't Surplus Pork" is a band name U can use
iDon't care abt people who hate me! I'm just livin'mah life becuz life goes on! :D
Not gunna be able to see the MTT clip. Of course the only night I leave the house, this happens.
I know when I'm wrong and I'll correct it immediately. People just need to stop telling me how they think I should act.
Im a bitch? Your a bitch. Your moms the bitch for giving birth to a bitch. Your dads a bitch for f*cking a bitch now who's the bitch, bitch?
Love and Happiness
I'm surprised no one has brought up the proposition. Has Ron Paul has addressed it?
the end of April :) we'll have to link up ! Have we met b4 love
Everyday when people pledge their allegiance to the flag, it ironically reminds me of one giant cult.
“: great hope u r doing something fun! #BBNFam” <-- Lots of fun stuff for sure! Hope yours was great too!
Having a great time with the test version of the site. Gonna go do some more #Spooning!
Met Aldis Hodge the other day, from tv show Leverage & 1st couple seasons of Fri Night Lights. He's shootin his new show in Ptown. Good Guy
We should be done in 45 mins, and nick is heading back to the house : where the fuck y'all at though?
Yes sir.
CAUSE U OFFA ME , stupid
I like your make up..LOL JOKE, it looks like you got gangbanged by crayola.
Putting together a hot new website, content and forms for the 144 team Rose City Showcase 'X' bball invitational for the tenth year!
Haven't yet, but we won't rule that out as we grow...
I have an important meeting tomorrow regarding the launch. I have everything together and you pet parents are going to love this.
you gotta come here and get it lol and I still gotta put the white chocolate on them (:
That's a shame...
fog of war, king of kong
Rancho Cucamonga Court this morning.
On the way to #iug2012. Tweetstorm approaching...you have been warned.
BridalNetwork CoCo Roux - We often break the rules of traditional presentations by creating a perfect balance of fine,decadent food.
I task you to take to the street and ask 5 people to name 5 wnba players or 5 softball players
welcome to twitter friend!
I think Petrino should ride on her motorcycle.
Never not winning.
All<U+2764> No H8
"Turn the world on its side, and everything loose will end up in Los Angeles." -- Frank Lloyd Wright
Have a great week everyone! :-))
"Are you on the twitters again?" - my mom, every time I pick up my phone
All I know is these damn Telerik MVC controls and LINQ to SQL worked the hell out of me this week...but good motivation to get 'er done!
I'm sensing potential synergy with and this effort..#8W/8M
my friends,my bdays around the corner Suggestions: DW Merch(ask 4 Specifics) Books(request info) Clothes (yeah!)
RT : "Guilt" &amp; "the Gospel" are incompatible.
Signed. x
Baking a 3 layered cake, and waiting for #Diablo3 to finally be released (at 3am). It's going to be a long night.
Thanks to Dean Brabeck for the shout-out in closing remarks!
yeah, you and your friends are cool.
this is about the 7th time ive changed my background this week
This credit card is my bitch & she's paying for all my cocktails.
haha I miss you!
You're not going to win this, Kelly. She's a Republican. Satan is on her side.
agreed. Sunset Grille opened 7 minutes ago!
Right? I'm still going to look cute this Sunday though lolol
i've been listening to the weirdest stuff lately
who won the Denver Oakland game??
No! Mop up duty only!
GOOD AFTERNOON LOVELY FOLKS.. HAVE A MJ JAMMING DAY..Lol I LOVE YOU ALL..
And now we play the waiting game...
Has anyone done one of those mystudio things at the mall? Looks hilarious!
Your hair. Your eyes. Your smile. Your laugh. Your voice. Your personality. Everything you do. You. Your perfect. <3
No go with Familysearch. I need Georgia. It might be later this week for that.
#EliminationChamber yeah I'm SUPERCENA! And I'm gonna hit Kane with a stretcher cuz it's plastic
Williams Island includes 16 tennis courts, 3 restaurants and a 27,000 square foot spa!
Thanks to Jack and Jill of Baltimore and for touring BCAC tonite and learning how we keep kids safe
Denver friends, anyone looking for a GREAT condo? Ours is on the market. We loved living there - we just needed space for studio & workshop.
Oprah WinfreyWhatever you are, be a good one
I just learned that the side boob is the new cleavage. Who knew?!?!
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
In college, it can be tough to stay healthy. Check my baby boomer health blog at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
You're not even asleep.
Earthquakes--Jesus' Death, Jesus' Resurrection, Philippian Breakthrough, a sign of Christ's coming---divine activity shakes the earth!
I'm not going to work today so imdone with school at 1215
Thanks! You da man.
Let's make this happen!! “: I need more in my life”
haha! you're still awesome.
how's your chicken
Catch the beat - Sun Oct 30 2PM Peter Biedermann with "Music for Jazz Guitar" Be there or be square! Metuchen Library 480 Middlesex
Done (y)
#painter ain't throwing that fade
"Go to a show and you'll see what fans are" -B.O.B <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
Just got an app where I can add cats to photos. I'm about to test it out
forsure, sounds good to me! Lol
Its a chilly #Boston morning, global warming please come back!!!
love God, love people, hate sin
Bailed out a first time f**k up college student. He never been to jail and his dad flew way out here from Colorado. He's lucky 4 his dad!
youre good bud
I loved that you had a #NOH8 shirt on! makes me so happy that your a proud supporter! words can't describe how sweet you are
FACT: self-described salt of the earth people eat breakfast then lunch
Some of my shit should be on top ten sportscenter. Just saying....
#ForcesOfNature #Gears3 Savage Hunter cause he looks like he could destroy a city
distance from home
i love you
The Jam have opened up a 40-26 lead in Q2. Trey Johnson has 10 points off the bench, leading all scorers
Goal in life.... Get retweeted by
r u going to spin tmrw?
I've found it's on His time. Help someone today, He will help you. Don't lose faith. Meditate on Mark 11:22-26 & Matthew 13:58
We can't wait!
#NBA Great all star game!
I hate that roommate... and the neighbor. The furniture was just fine.
This season of the #BadGirlsClub was full of weak ass bitchs everyone except for my girl Camilla now das a #Trill ass bitch
We can help you market those properties locally and globally. Use this code US270911 when listing and it is 100% free.
Dusty Brown's on at Harlows, givin me goosebumps, as per usual
Thats what's up.
Plush Puppies!
omg ! really ?
So #THANKFUL for my amazing & beautiful wife ! So thankful for our bright & incredible sons, and our families. Happy Thanksgiving!
VINCE CARTER
You got it MY N-WORD!!!
OK! :) before I kiss you, where's my Strawberries&Crème Frappuccino ??? LOL :DD
Gin that doesn't give you a hangover
Yep, they are indeed ANSI approved.
I keep on moving forward with my head held high, I could do this shit forever or at least until till I die.
Now i need LA to go down in order to sleep tonight.
Please just DIE!! I'm finna bow my head&&Pray real quick...*bows head* Amen.
lol I hope You can go(:
Bring a great attitude, a smile, a flawless resume and a firm hand shake. It doesn’t hurt to dress for success.
I believe it's someone talking loudly through a quiet concert, thus acting like a shitty person.
Thanks boo!!!!
i love your name simon its cool<3 :)
I will once my limit is gone =P
ION KNW IF I WANNA MOVE BAQ TO MS OR WASHINGTON
Fencing is great....three weapons to choose from and it is harder than it looks...try it!
WASSUP DEN BiTCH ((MY MAMA GON BE GON ALL WEEK)) ALL DiS WEEKEND ALL NEXT WEEK #PARTY GETTiN FUCKED UP<U+2665>:)
i grew up on fiona, would kill to see her..."badge-wielding bastards" hahaa well put
80% of twitter is made of BELIBERS! :D
Today is apparently a day of revelations. Unfortunately, it is not a day of revelations related to the subject of my oncoming final exam.
Thanks for the RT!
Good night, everyone. Rest up for a great weekend!
Love the Chan Man! Forgotten God is a great study!
you sent the same tweet... <\Slope/>
RT : "Be changed and the world around you begins to change."
7 Locks for Tuesday out for only $25! Email to hop on it! 7-3 tonight!
smart man, no? what's the real point of a #prediction when anything in the world can happen and intelligent people know this?
I love overheard conversations, especially when people are flirting. That's entertainment right there.
are u following me brah?
You're crazy, he's better looking now than he ever was!
Thanks for coming to speak to our group! We really appreciate your time and insights!
..GOOD MORNING ALL TWEETDOM EVERYWHERE! GLORIOUS SPRING SUN & #UPPERS-- Privatize everything! WEALTH DemandS WE the PEOPLE Live on Credit!
No one knows what u are talking about ha
That's the BEST way I have ever seen to answer a question !
Great social media presentation at greater Miami Chamber of Commerce!!
lol laying here wit my boyfriend bout to eat
RT At the end of your life, you should get a rebate for however much time you spent learning cursive.
RT ": I KNOW THE ANSWER LOL RT : IDK WHY I ACT SLOW AT TIMES.... SMH" don't go there!!!!
You R welcome!
It had to be done
no =( I've got a little over a year until that happens unfortunately.
Have you ever imagined a world with no hypothetical situations?
lmao the one and only happy easter to both of you n ur familys
is it bad when I get L O S T in your E Y E S<33 ?
Been watching reruns all day. So addicting.
I pledge I will accept myself & others, recognize our shared humanity & respect our unique voices. Pls pledge w/ us.
I will be visiting my mother in Westbury today.
Today is gonna suck
Looking forward to seeing what God has prepared for today. New mercies & faithfulness guaranteed!
Why even try anymore?
I thought about it, but no. I'm staying home to tend to my neglected treehouse. But thank you for making sure I saw it. :) x
Never, never, never give up. ~ Winston Churchill
Too much tequila at work... Ya know, the usual.
Keeping it real: today's tweets.
Ur still watching it? How far into it are u?
Fire extinguishers coat a fire's fuel with a layer of powder or foam, usually sodium bicarbonate, to separate the fuel from nearby oxygen.
RT Congrats to my friend and his company on winning Indiana IT Company of the Year last night
yes we got it in stock!!!
Remember this? "louis: Little unknown fact I'm 1/16 Belgian" xx
RT : "I think same-sex couples should be able to get married." RT if you agree.
It's so nice out. I want my pool to be opened <3
I need to save too
Find it absolutely hilarious that my dad calls me "Coach T" or "Coach Taryn" but never "Taryn" I am not sure when that transition happened..
is trying to figure out both the new things on FB and Myspace! LOL!
I shall do my best. Ha Ha! RT : No problem kid, just make sure you dance like Beatle Bob at the gig. :)
The Gourmet Experience comes to San Diego October 9-10, 2010!
Can water be diluted? #deepthought <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A>
It takes time to lose weight, don't fool yourself thinking that you will drop 30 pounds in a month, if you do somehow it'll be so unhealthy
Happy Easter! :)
looks good!
awkward moment when everyone starts staring at you and you don't know why
Tonight's PSO performance with the world premiere of Andre Previn's Triple Concerto is starting! Listen on Classical QED 89.3
Yeah sounds like it. Anything in the water is fun!
Made it that much sweeter when KG got his 1st. Dirk too.
i like javale mcgee... hes a big fan of giving the lakers free points
Things I learned this wk: 1) Tinting brows makes a huge difference and 2) Coral-red lipstick looks great with dark hair and minimal makeup.
Kuchar sucking all the fun out of the closing holes...
The only sentence that's the same in reverse: was it a car or a cat I saw?
Guess im bouta smoke. Dont really do it on a reg doe
I don't HAVE friends from Texas. I'm an American. Duh. RT he must be from Texas.
twitter is telling me to follow which is a trip considering he died in November.
I feel like shit..
Tune into Twin Cities sports radio this aft for an indication.
"why was I bleeding?" -Rube Sheeber
Kicking off RUI at Sheffields in just a couple of minutes - get on down here if you aren't already!
haha good stuff
Just making sure you are in the Matrix,
Hello you are a big roll model to me and our music mean the whole world to me have a amassing day <3
yee haw!! Miss you
For the first time I guessed the Survivor winner incorrectly; I'm taking this surprisingly hard.
#ThisSummerImTryna Get A Tan!!!
ctfuup yea really im bored!!
Wondering what kind of luggage I should buy??
As Boomers prep for retirement, expect more portfolios to include investments that are in sync with Boomer social-conscious mindset, Green.
I thought I got a message that I should follow Putin. But maybe I was just supposed to read an article.
Looking at the horror section at Page One and thinking about how I'm SO over zombies.
Atleast Amare doesn't have the braids and the ace bandage... Let's get this W...
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #activism because they help bring change.
Expecting bluelines this week & officially psyched! Look for our Fall issue in Borders and Barnes & Nobles in August!
Fell asleep at the Moma. Ok.
how 'bout you just get naked now...
Tomato Romp! on North Ave and guess who's setting up shop... 1726 E. North Ave. Corner of North and Oakland. Come check out the new shop.
My foot sleep I can't walk
I Try To Tell You All My Fears , You Still Don't Care But That's Ok. -
I was given them by a certain someone. Cough, Brian Demgen, cough. I played along as any good prankster would.
It Makes You Believe
Can't sleep. I wish he wasn't an ass
The mighty God, The everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace. Isaiah 9:6. Merry Christmas.
couldn't have outfit better myself...like the contestants really have nothing to bring to the table...
R.I.P. Amy Winehouse. I'm heart-broken by these news. She was such a brilliant artist, really about to cry right now.
i want some food you should order me a pizza and walk it over here.
I just destroyed my room
Watching The Search for Santa Paws!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
I shall be off to ice-skating alone today! I need to warm-up before I go skate in front of my friends and bust my ass D: Good morning!
lmaao me too! It bothers me.. -__-
so, im not really into the super hero crap, but i still heard that the avengers is a good movie, hm, what to do.
Very nice !
#night oh and you didnt text me
there are always elections in PA. I treat them all as important even if we aren't electing the gov. or pres.
Mother's Day is this Sunday! Where would you take Mom in #Vegas?
shoots going awesome. Never saw so many bikes! Just left Harley and Tattoo shop. Getting great convo and footage.
A correction has been added, mental giant.
all about you ? then me ? ,
I got 5 of my facebook friends to like our page, can anyone beat that? ~ Jodie McGovern (admin)
the last piece of bread in the bag <
Following 168 Followers 92 this is very bad...
NewsHour Extra's This Day in History: On February 8, 1725, Peter the Great, emperor of Russia, dies and is succeeded by his wife, Catherine.
Is there a name for the "database connection expressed as a URL" convention (standard?), like mysql://user/dbname
erm, hold that thought, turns out these talks are related to family doings with relatives I haven't seen in holy crap a long time.
you should have on your upcoming season then. #mahoneonellen just go to AustinMahone.com <3
you go to LA and catch a cold . somethings we just can't figure out ..
so excited!!!
but i still love them!!
Hey guys hows your day going? :] just got home from my friend's house. It was really fun! :D
I hate being too sales-y! If you've questions, let me know. I've been in LeTip for 6.5 yrs.!
Lightbulb moment: RT : More should know: No one is born with #celiacdisease, only the genetic predisposition to develop it.
I will definitely be there
any chance I could get an e-mail contact? I have a quick question. Thank you!
Some people ask me If i stop being a Mahomie. OF COURSE NOT! I told last week that even I can't be online every day I'M A MAHOMIE <U+2665>
Music Sup and songwriter? Impressive.
lobby call 2? Sounds good! Oh wait whats that? REVISION lobby call 2:35 okay fine!
Smile, it's free.
RIP Donna Summer..
Itp lock-in later<3 theme is celebrities! Im going as Chachi Gonzalez !! <3
Hope you all have a great day. I'm at work getting my ass kicked
40 followers left to 1500 what are you all waiting for!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Pitfire Pizza Co - Pizza (live updates)
ON DA SLAP A HOE SHOW LIVE ON MFS RADIO.COM HOSTED BY FADE DOGG & QUESTION MONDAY - FRIDAY 8-10 PM
OMG! The ending to iPear Store = PEFRECT
RT : RT this message if you are cheering for the #Senators tonight on
Blue Heron Art Gallery, Berkeley Lake City Hall presents “A CUP OF JO” – paintings by Jo Lackey on 4/7, 10am-Noon
Right, I've learned I have 2 be skeptical of my own notions of love from, say, 10 years previous. Things change
Tweeter! Ooopppsss I forgot to twit
TRYING to sleep but Someone over here ! Not gonna tweet who . ! keeps tweeting and all his tweets get sent to my phone haha<3
About to eat this Mcdonalds :)
six lounge
Wonder Russell FTW!
I'm being selfish now. Idgaf
Boris Diaw is having a nice night. He has played good defense and he has 11 points and 6 rebounds. The Spurs lead 95-57 with 8:36 left.
boxes being packed......separation has begun.....anxious to get settled into my new home.....
This is the dawning of the Age of Kottaras-yeah! Age of Kottaras-yeah! Kottaras-yeah! Kottaras-yeah!
#Macbook #Air Christmas 2011 Macbook Air deals
I think we are a little as well since we jumped in but more likely we are just defending what we believe in.
hey Russ, keep trying! loves you <U+2665>.
Wow I didn't realize how much I missed having you in my life...
Well you'll have to Bottle It Up. I may be reading Between the Lines, but it sounds like ur Fairytale. So just Breathe Again.
#WhenIWasLittle my mother would always make me mac & cheese when i was sick
I wonder if they make "I <3 My Acupuncturist" bumper stickers. I wonder if it would be socially acceptable to wear one on my forehead.
mall with la bumbaaa.
"Have you seen that Criagslist guy again?" - This is my life hahaha fuckk
Loving Americas got Talent, and liking Howard stern responses
#InOurGeneration MOTHERS are burying their children when its suppose to be the other way around.
i wiah i could have been there sorry
Lunch time question: Did you like season 2 of The Walking Dead?
Finally someone with some fucking sense. She's an OKAY singer, but she isn't anything great.
Just because something has never happened to you does not mean that it is not a serious issue
Gossip Girl is really pissing me off lol.
Any sunny Friday that Cool Jerk comes on the radio is a good day.
follow me???
Drop a song a day the JNorrell way.. Fuck it I'm about to launch an attack stand by.
cry if yu need too...
what's that though?
Boy- " did it hurt when you fell from heaven?" girl- "awh" boy- "cause it looks like you landed on your face"
I have not tried either of these delights. They sound potentially too-sweet for me, but I'll try most things once ;-)
Interesting post-you need some r & r or as my sis says to get centered. :) Maybe just a shot of bourbon will do the trick :)
Those crows are clearly xenophobic.
Would love to pick up the recent Grammy CD, as advertised on the #GRAMMYs but Taylor Swift is on it, and since that, CANT. sorry
Thanks for the
#Disney #princesshalf runners, enjoy the race and take lots of pictures! Tell the Beast I said hello!
If you cut the head off a honey badger 2 angrier honey badgers will grow & seek revenge on yer ass
My arm muskles are getting bigger.
Just watched Robin Hood MIT followed by Robin Hood (w/ Russell Crowe). My Conclusion: Cate Blanchett can be my Maid Marion anyday.
That's supposed to fit in your pocket?
There can be only one LitFuse!
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW SHE IS SUPER PRETTY AND VERY TALENTED<3
Sure! Feel free to send an email if you have more questions.
#ThankYouOneDirection for showing me that you got to live above the haters.
You know, figuring out how to juggle my work time isn't easy, but I wrote 2 pieces in the last 2 days that I really like. So that's good.
Maybe an alum or visiting scholar? I'm going to check with our alumni office and see if they know anything.
Don't forget: like most gov't facilities the Conservatory will be closed Mon, Sept 5 but the Sunken Gardens will be open 1-9pm.
Great day for lessons in digital PR
Love the new tat.. if other ppl dont like fuck em... its your shit..
Make You Squirt, Rip My Shirt, Diggin Yo Nails Cause Ya Pussy Hurt, Yo Pussy Merked, I Ate It 1st, She Creamed All Over, I Call It Desert =)
I'd be less inclined to go #dcunuitedstayindc RT What if D.C. United played a few seasons at Byrd Stadium?
I'm here. I wish my luggage was.
Howard says there will be new validation tickets in January, old tickets will be taken out of circulation.
I didn't poop my pants and I finished.
Local cable companies should work with high schools to broadcast graduation to the local community.
just brought Helen Burnhard donuts into the newsroom. Entire staff descended upon her like she was a life raft. Maple bar 4 me
Thanks for the follow. I'll follow you in return.:) NannetteMencer, Princess50ph1e, white_spaces,
Backchannel will give my students a voice in distant learning sessions
Any good trance out there? Need some new stuff
When banking ovaries for young women undergoing cancer treatment, researchers ask for 20% of the eggs for future research.
on a scale of 1-10 think ya boy is over 10 and ima roc tha party like im kickin it with Hove and them
Sir Paul McCartney doesn't EVER disappoint.
Back in LA. Encenitas was really nice, excited my new tablet comes tonorrow... #finally! nite all!
just woke up ready for a coffee
Thank u, I think so too!! ;-)) I tweeted it in honor of my grandfather who passed away this morning! :-(
RT : Most of the time #Aquarians will always get what they want. If not then they don't really want it
The Heat might as well use Battier to double-team someone. It's not like it would make any difference if he just left Melo wide open.
nope looks awesome. thx.
We cant wait to see you and ur friends!!! RT : :Really pumped for Lynryd Skynyrd tmrw!! =D
& thank you! I remember preview looks really good!! Starts tonight?
We need just over 50 more followers to hit the 500 mark! Help us out and recommend CRJ to your people!
Sorry about that. The regular meetings are always on Thursdays, 1hr before openhack. Where did you see Tuesday listed?
If the Bay Area museums were a high school, which institutions would be what high school stereotype?
why aren't the republicans running him this year? man, he'd beat the crap out of romney.
“ This nigga told me he don't like my attitude. Idgaf ..”
No they back and forth
#Braves get a hit from Jack Wilson and a lollygagging Uggla can't get around third, I feel like a Cubs fan right now
All I can say is....Kanye and Jay Z look god together
Stop writing '#teamfollowback' at the end of everything ......
Just got a call from "International Who's Who". Fascinating sales call. Anybody get any benefits from this organization?
if the sun isn't up yet, i shouldn't be either. #itsonlytuesday...?
Kenny's in Foster Care on an All-New "South Park" on Wednesday, November 16 at ... - Sacramento Bee
#30waystomakehersmile..tell her she is beautiful, even with no makeup on (:
Big deal, Obama supports Gay Marriage. That's easy to do when there is no santorum in the picture.
welcome to the party!
BREAKING: Per Allen Moore, Orange Co. Jail - Zimmerman is NOT at Orange County Jail.
Line out USA. 3 minutes to go
thanks John!
I know! Really didn't like/ feel the sequel of
Why no Tweets? Are you doing a Cash Mob or planning one?
Thank you for all the #ThoughtsofaColoredMan love
Can't go wrong following publishers' specs.
my neighbors have bird feeders and there are thousands of birds outside in the morning and none at night. where are they?
Twitter haiku: Spinning ice cubes in a glass is like my favorite pasttime. I guess.
hoverboards, one time!
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. Choose to be happy!
haha yeah. Lucky elves
cool! congrats!!! back to tv or staying on the collegiate level?
let's all luv! #BeGreat and
Have you registered for the 's later this month in Washington, DC? Hop to it.
we be getting tickets when they go on sale right?
Port Orchard bound! Haha :P
Just watched Young Man w/a Horn. Available on YouTube in its entirety! Fascinating movie. Great cast! Best Doris Day role ever?
Sounds great! See u soon! RT : full slab of ribs with prohibition sauce for dinner tonight
#replacebandnameswithpancakes iwrestledapancakeonce, My Bloody Pancakes, My Pancake Romance :3
sharing new tunes kxsc.org & live video at yowie.com/show/4ez
Tonight's Special: Lamb Burger: House Ground Lamb Patty, Greek Yogurt and Feta Sauce, Sliced Cucumbers, Tomato, Red Onion, & Mixed Greens.
For speech therapy software better use of (limited) funds: PR firm or marketing firm? www.saynplay.com
Thank god it's the weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Nobody does it better.
Do you feel safe on Dallas #katytrail? Is doing enough to keep it safe? Tweet, FB or email me:
Yankees looked pathetic today
Very powerful tornado headed for St Louis!! Take Cover Now!!!
rose bowl tomarrow :) let go oregonn :)
After months of waiting, it's finally here. Prospecto Musical Showcase & Sonic Experience starts tonight and runs all weekend.
I love how kai bay sees herself in the mirror and she trys to go after it lol
Hahahahha like, eighties cotton stirrups? :x
Beauty might bring happiness, but happiness always brings beauty.
aye what u on this weekend
tweet tweet
The "change all the present tense to past tense" draft of a story is always the most tedious.
Sitting in my boyfriends restraunt reading one piecee!! Lol.. hes just staring at me!! I love him!!
we went to an improv show and he got called up as a volunteer on stage - and he was hilarious. it was a great time.
Venus beats Rodionova in WTA event
If you're local, come to our youth lit bk club at Briarcliff Middle School 6:30 4/12 We'll discuss Wonder & The Watch That Ends the Night
SO JEALOUS OMGOMGOMG
Omg its 3a.m. n I can't sleep! Ubber annoying! Ugh!!
Yep it was timed. I actually didn't get to the last two questions because time ran out!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>Guess who that is. Bahahaha!!
Surprise meeting. (Not really I just forgot about it)
Road my bike around Belle Isle 2day. It is pretty, however, there was a ton of blown around trash today. Hope it gets cleaned up.
Enjoyable pair of matches at VCU: 1st between VCU & VMI and later VCU v Wake Forest. Creative intelligent footie!
YES IM MAD !
Do you prefer fishing, lakes, rivers, steams, ponds or oceans?
we'll see you tonight Colo!
It hasn't even been a week and I'm already heading back to Fayetteville. I miss it.
And one more think we still have at list one game Genius!!! one game at the time!!
Baked gingerbread, pumpkin bread and apple crisp is on the horizon. All requests from my beloved sicko prehub. House smells yum-o.
Does the Black Panther Party still exist? Just wondering because I look great in all black.
depends where in nyc but Nobu is the best!!! Have fun fun & soak up the Arabian gulf.
thanks Tashana that means a lot ! Love u too! I'm so proud of u!!!
They should make a zoolander 2
Nothinn' much, just making break-feast. What about you? :3
Hey 101.7! Glad to see you're connected on Twitter!
It seems like everyone, eventually, gets a divorce. How many times have you been divorced? Should it be against the law to get married?
Dance Class Alert!!! ---- Do to the Holiday, there will not be Class 2night! See you next Monday Night!!!
Pres. Obama decides not to release photos or video of a dead Osama bin Laden. Says we don't need to trot them out as a trophy.
If I didn't have geometry, my life would be 100x easier/better
Haahahaha IS Addicted (: Thanks TO Me , He hella bouta need a Intervention SOON!
you are welcome Mike - hope you have an amazing week outdoors!
yea I will I know she is real busy I don't want to bug her to much.
Welcome to Florida lol
was awesome for dinner tonight!
Writing thankyou notes would be so much easier if people had legible handwriting
is now gettin followed!
yes!!! Waahhhh! I gave him a 3 second hug! I LOVE HIM!!
#DidYouKnow: In #China, September 20 is "Love Your Teeth Day."
Umm I haven't tweeted in 2 days -____-
The James McArthur Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Resident Play goes to... Ted van Griethuysen,
So i try to text andrea wouldnt let me wtf
I'm ready for lunch.
MT : Today's National Walk at Lunch Day. How ya going to do it? Saunter, stroll, amble, perambulate, prance, traipse or schlepp?
find we gettin back on our grind
The new season of Chuck started?! ARE YOU SERIOUS?! Why was I not notified?! This episode is awesome so far.
When I lost my mom, encouragement was my savior for a time. You'll get through it w/ a great support system from fam/friend
Considering the bickering over buying a house, anybody wonder if the FBI just broke up Russian intelligence
I had a dream I was living in a house in LA and was my landlord.
loving it!!
Thx. I get it, but wish you could see the monthly unique break down, by day, in the monthly report. Appreciate the reply!
aw,you're so close to 1million mahomies. :)) I remember when you only had 200k mahomies.and I was your 201,118th follower.<U+2665> :D
Justin is THE WINNER, say yes say no.. HE'S THE BOSS .
Also worth noting that the Oud has been making some appearances on jazz albums lately.
The Yard is empty. I don't know what else the fans could ask for? Come support the team!
I won't be making it in today because I have to meet with my child's Teacher.
love them..
AT&T, you are not my friend today.
I just saw a demo of some great new clickers to use in class. My take: CLICKERS = IDEAS CLIcKing! This is the FUTURE!
However, this was a first for me: flirting on the T. Not a bad way to start my day. Tall & Handsome.
recently reminded we're overdue for Tarathon. I hear you've volunteered to cook. Name the day.
Umm...negative, sir.
sweet! Found the perfect spot for your "cameo". Hope you're enjoying the other book!
Time to go eat!
I just finished a 3.90 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Whew! You broke the spell! Thank you! :)
Spring Break is excellent tailgate training....in bathing suits!
Oh well, at least you tried (I assume :-)
grandma:ur father like a butterfly jumping from flower to flower with the girlfriends me:u mean like a bee grandma: oh jaja
They boring as fuck lol RT : “: Watchin tha Spurs play makes my camel toe lose moisture...*unplugs tv*
my pleasure <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Oh btw..exactly a month and a half from now I will be Mrs. Mundo. :-)))))
love hearing voice at 5am emanating from my lap top, "suck it phoebe"
Fuck what y'all think.
"I'm your boogie man that's what I am" -kc Nd the sunshine band
Readig an interview with a musician is about as useful as listening to a visual artist lament mustaches.
Woo hoo! moves on to finals
Well... i guess im single for the night... so u can sit right on my middle finger for the night.
And blame Obama.
I listened to #SaySomethin it's amazing!;D
I met him. And yes.
Recipe calls for unsweetened applesauce. Don't have any, so I'm just going to boil an apple. This will go well.
Congrats Elizabeth! RT We did it! We are officially on the ballot for the August primary. Thank you... |
I had two events on Saturday and got some much needed rest. Now i am up and ready to work the rest of the day away.
Austin is beautiful.
well idk bout him cause he alredy went out wit her
anyone remember when stock market was a calm sensible investing tool? Today its crazed, full of greedy peeps who caused banking meltdown.
Keep following ur dreams.Im so proud of u!I hope to meet u oneday. Follow me please?Its my birthday. I love You <U+2665> <U+2665>
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-40
We stop by at least 1x a week for the Best Deal in town *.25 cent ice-cream treats* Great on the go snack!
Meyer to keep fire burning
im hungry.
Need hair best barbers in tha city of Houston easy access from 610 Jacksons Barbershop 35th st. & North Main. Contact Shep 713-835-1154
Country music. <3
Ima die a bachelor !
so awesome! My nephew loves the game, he just made it to nationals competition.
Can the Pack go 12-0? We think so!
dying to move back to the east side of la. west of the 405 does nothing for me :-/
i dont have one though and its dark.. SILLY GOOSE
RT Breaking: North Korean state TV says leader Kim Jong Il has died.
Did Country Music TV buy out TV1 cause these country shows keep coming on.
thas a good look..I feel some real good energy music wise 'bout this yr
you already know its about the TarHeels not them weak Blue Devils lol
see y'all 2morrow
Hey , when u write the word "ALERT" on emails saying my statement is ready, it makes me super nervous! Maybe "notification"?
"Share Your Holidays to Eliminate Hunger" food drive at Madison No Fear Dentistry is almost over! Stop in and donate today!!
almost hit head on bridge. Now convalesce with yummy food at Grants Pass Growers market. Green people on horizon.
Suzie is the rat friend that carries and bring gossip.
Kansas City Bets on Culture - The Atlantic
hey i've been on a trip to India to visit my family and explore. Glad to be back though :) Happy New Year!
Wax is a miracle worker!!! thank goodness for it!
Haha I don't! Talk dat talk to me yeah! haha <3
This is just unbelievable right now
Celtics to the world!
Srsly? Google scans look like crap compared to those done by
Asking who's their fave 1D member is like asking, which 1 candy do they want in a candy store. It's hard coz YOU JUST WANT ALL OF THEM! <3 x
The raccoons are making me lose my mind. I'll be spending tonight in the mental hospital, where hopefully I'll get a good nights sleep.
holds 126 million specimens and artifacts from all over the world
Oh man. That's my favorite halftime show!
Im Sayin Kobe Did Already So I'm Sure Bynum Would
Whats up world! A New day to make it happen
likes when people get applause not just for being a good speaker but for doing good work
sounds fun
Purchased the Redrock Dslr baseplate, man was this thing essential. Quick mounting and quick releasing for run and gun.
I have ONE "working digit" I'd like to show Norquist 2 let him know what I think of his rubber stamp POTUS BS.
is gearing up for Winter Camp at Tangerine Learning Center.
Learning about what is in disposables was very eye opening. Not to mention the whole environmentally friendly aspect.
don't you hate me or something?
he took Thomas off of his feet twice. I'm also counting when he tripped off ice.
Spider 3 Y Banana...
So excited! is making my day!
Had a great B-day yesterday just wish the rangers would of brought home the trophy on my special day lol
lol no im from colorado
You bet! It was great to meet everyone!
is it weird to anyone else that we communicate with group project partners over email, but don't even say hi in class?
totally agree :)
what time is the game tonight?
in other words, not the kind of close where you could get cooties from him...why ya gotta make me spell it out for ya?! ;-p
Second that- they have done an excellent job- and it's under a two miles from the house- love it!
The price of liberty is eternal vigilance
I aint been on here in a while, whats poppin in the world of twitter
the sky is up silly(;
Our $20 3-course lunch tasting menu & $19 Bento boxes are perfect for those who want both sushi & hot dishes! Korean BBQ, Kobe Beef, m...
ready to role ?
random trip to #chicago tomorrow! can anyone suggest awesome places to dine?!
love not bein able to sleep when i gotta be up mad early
We're developing a new website targeting sales of our take-home teeth whitening kit. Lets see what comes our way!
looks like ima have to walk to school again today . i swear to god im so heated. ugh
1,170 hits in total yesterday
hahah she did!
You went back with that one,but that's when love songs were about romance.
I dont trust words. I trust actions
just found out that it actually was a girl =[ crazy...
Happy Mother's Day!!
actually you have issues!
He sends his best! Happy Holidays! and yes, he is a pretty cool dude! lol
Thank you! You made my day. I'll take a big win Monday night for my present. GO PACK! RT : happy b-day enjoy!!!!
I'm getting sick of marketers talking engagement for #SM success, that's now a given. How about, trackable, conversion, results?
or is that an iPhone pun? Otterbox?
omg so it's my dream to meet you:(
i love mystery science theater
I'm bringing home wine
amd Good Morning :)
What I learned about Disappointment in life's journey:"Disappointment is just a distraction.Learn from it,Laugh at it & then Let it go!"
Hey I heard you were a wild one
Dunno if u remember but I met you with Reba in ATL.. Best friends w/ Kevin. Found u on here, wanted to say hi! Y'all ROCK!
I was like, Let's see it again!
Apparently he needed more than a weekend off. Weeks is still completely lost.
If Dieng had hit the FT would they have taken the point off?
Still love Dave Grohl
I think she wanted to brag that she had an American patient. This was out where very few foreign tourists.
Hey I heard you were a wild one <3
wash my car or do hmwrk...the car it is!
If it were the Flyers and not the Bruins, don't you think there would've been racist tweets?
#NP Till I Die - Chris Brown / Tyga
I'm just not a fan of commercials. Females are young half naked sexual. Males are fully dressed & clean cut WTF
did #BYEonRadio trend last night???
doesnt even make sense a weirdo(s)
yep, pretty much.
About to bake vanilla cookies
And I never got a call either haha..ah
Looking forward to being back in Atlanta on Friday!
Number 2: Brazilian Mami... That's ALL
lol not a chance...its like comparing apples to drain cleaner...the apps do something entirely different
ABOUT TO PRAY AND GO TO BED....I WILL KEEP ALL YOU TWITTER PEEPS IN MY PRAYER....GOD BLESS YOU'LL AND HAVE A GOOD NIGHT
My mind was only in it for a minute.
Goddamn it there is nothing the Sklar Brothers have ever done that I have not liked. Seriously. BattleBots, Cheap Seats, and now this show.
Pudge Rodriguez was so important to my family that we named our dog after him nearly 12 years ago...
My son ballin
I do know a U9 girls coach I could throw it out at him...you in any tournaments? It makes us play a lot better
have to read this, sounds great
thank ya! And for my bday present the cats r ganna stomp your dirty birds tomorrow! Ha!
Don't forget to attend 's elections forum! informatively this year. 4pm, Gowen 301
Time for sleep. Hopefully there's no more thunder tonight.
they can be such a pain in the assie ! :/
I dislike that my computer can't multitask when I'm using a certain program.
I really wish I could share with you the conversation I'm having with a software contractor right now. They don't want to tell me anything.
why is your mug ugly?
Be your own person, because everyone else is taken. You're beautiful no matter what ANYONE says. You MATTER. Think No one cares? I CARE.
Ditto that! So good to see you, mama!
In the United States, an estimated 75% to 80% of males and females will be infected with HPV in their lifetime
Thanks, Miss P.! How do you use technology to educate your students? Please, feel free to share with us!
Finally got to see tonight. Such an amazing, dream-filled night on Broadway! "To have faith is to have wings."
it's all the liberal's fault
We can stop there! lmfao
#twitterstorians I was just asked to do my first book review for a journal. Any advise?
Merry christmas all!
We all lost a great friend,Musician, superstar, a wonderful person that believed in our Lord Jesus Christ,we all miss you, love you Forever!
Man, I'm walking on their nerves. Sweet :-D
Today is the last day of calling for the fall semester, thanks for all the support so far...we'll be back Wintersession!
Hope that wasnt just to shut me up
oh dude too tired, too full and no one to do it with are big on my list too!
Followed follow me back ?
I know it's coming, I just pray im alive for it when it does.
Not yet, but hopefully within the next few years!
Youu got to live nd learn nd makke mistakes to bee a man.!
-- and we got positive listener feedback on the new Esperanza Spalding cd already!
it's done. What u doin?
Playing like that isn't going to get you any where.
Good luck today,
Looking for office help for a client in the #Repo biz... Anyone out there with exp in that industry?
6 million Vox readers out there, up from 1 million last November. via at
follow me i follow back
RT : Correction: Study Abroad-Bursting the Bubble story: California Gov. Jerry Brown will lay out details of a revise......
must have been coughing all over DRose, cuz he caught that unclutch virus
Every other city in the challenge did or are going to see the boys EXCEPT Seattle ... why?! :'(
Yes, it was definitely thinking. What, you couldn't figure it out?
It's FINALLY friday!
Numbers and Letters up now! "3", "4", and "D"! Make it happen! Live your dreams!
Another Triber from the Netherlands! Let us know if you need any help and keep us in the loop with your season.
But it was General Albert J Myer who began the National Weather Service at Fort Myer - www.Historic-FortMyer.com in 1870
you need a new phone!
Um, I suppose....not sure how to answer that one.
You're welcome - and please do! We have all sorts of rad frozen yogurt and we'd love to have you and yours!
tell everyone I said hello!
"Holy crap, we are definitely dissecting pine cones next year!" Oh man I love
I need to get some theyre real cute
Zappo's has a link in the footer called "Don't Ever Click Here." Unsurprisingly, it's for the Technology section. Crazy engineers.
#FF Special thanks to my most supportive Tweeter
The only day I don't bring my wallet, im hungry.
Still playing with the new phone! Much easier to be social!
It is entirely possible that I could be the father of Snookie's unborn child. Fortunately what happens in Jersey stays in Jersey.
Besides Joshua <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
shouldn't get her mad in the first place
Goodnight everyone keep your swagger on (:
Caps lock isn't big enough to describe how AWESOME The Avengers was. Thank you Joss Whedon for making these past few years worth the wait!
have birth ok
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Wolfgang Puck - Terminal 1 Concourse B - Pizza (live updates)
What is everyone doing on this Sunday Funday?!
WTH is wrong with you? No animals!!!???
Was on the phone with imani ..
Everyday I'm alive I feel #Blessed. So should you.
Interesting question. I'm particularly curious about the optimal marketing messages and strategies...
#Np T-Pain - Blow Your Mind
so much for studying english,,
Hey Guys what time is your meeting?
Tks for the Follow!
haha!! I'll bring my dogs leash and collar for u tomorrow... Their pretty u will LOVE them!!(; jkk
RT : AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING ARTICLE!!!!!!!!!!
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice but falling in love with you I had no control over.
Well, this sounds less appealing now. Wait, no it doesn't. :)
The awkward moment when somone slaps your butt……………and it's a GIRL.
balls are gross thos boobs are nice
dont listen to a word i say, the screams all sound the same..and though the truth may bury this, ship will carry our bodies safe to shore
isn't my texting buddy Anymore :(
Thanks for noticing!
Gonna make my brothers nyan cat birthday cake wit carlye when she gets her butt here :p ~Devin.Anne<3
RT Todays CBO report details 4 straight yrs of trillion $ deficits & is a call to action for bipartisan plan to reduce debt
Being written. Very exciting!
Yes we know you're all getting high then going to snoop..
Piercing or no piercing hmmph #decisions decisions
"You and I are not what we eat; we are what we think."
Jazz Bash
Managed to squeeze in my annual "anchor using a radar gun" standup tonight. Feels good to be back to work!
Haters gonna hate
Beautiful weather in Miami. Enjoy the day, walk, breathe this fresh air and just live this great moment!
Just signed up for the instagram android app - already an easier process.
Follow me!
every one follow shes the best
Where the fuck is my bus
You gotta take those stumbling rocks and turn them into stepping stones.
im hoping it all goes wrong , but then again i cant do that.
I saw the first star last night and I wished on it that mabe I could meet you :)
awww:( &no/: Im going to peru for a month :(
Come enjoy some new & amazing Chef's specials while you join us for Happy HR 4-7pm! Half off Shared Plates & great drink pricing!
O/U on April Fools tweets you'll get on this: 500. Srsly, I loved NFL Europe and follow UFL, CFL, like pro options.
RT : In the past 20 mins I've found that has some of the best customer service in the industry. // AWESOME!!!
I swear we have too much fun on this account.
My mother said Im fat and that i need to go on a diet . Here come the waterworks .
She was normal till I followed her on Twitter!
fish rots from the head. Aubrey needs to go. But what is $CHK without him?
Just found out that I've been awarded a Harry Ransom Center Dissertation Research Fellowship for next year! Absolutely elated. :)
#thatawkwardmoment when a guy is so super goodlooking that you think they're famous & you tell him, and then they respond to you.. #oops lol
“: Fan favorite Red Panda about to take the stage/court. #bemilwaukee” one of the best!
What's Connor's favorite mountain or peak in #SSX?
I have to try this! I will let our buddies hear about this and maybe you guys can collaborate!
Thanks for the follow! We love anybody fighting against money's control over politics.
and of course u failed again.
if ur a fan of shake it up follow me ..plez i floow back!!! i am a zswagger!!! need 200 followers plez
Hope you enjoyed your lunch!
it's really of particular use when hunting for vintage goodies, where odors and faux-ness often lurk! :)
thats crap... he just lost all his cheesehead fans now including me!
No unfortunately! I don't think there is a large enough alumni presence in
throwin a party tonight at a friends house... Lets make this happen
For MONTHS a poor man, prays to saint statue,“PLEASE let me win the #lottery”. Finally the statue comes to life says,“PLEASE, buy a TICKET!"
i make it rain on my Spanish hoes!....
side effects of reading too many 1d imagines: excessive day dreaming in class
School needs to end sooner
At BBQ's in NYC about to do some unsavory thangs to these buffalo wings!!
Pushing referees, choking women, punching a fire extinguisher. I predict the next NBA player to go down will be from an angry clown attack
congrats! Now you should celebrate by going on tour...or just come to Chicago
Tumblr just makes everything better
or snobs.
Free conference calling with 20 of my BFFs because of ?
looking forward to a WIN tonight over those pesky NYRangers and that Slovak guy they stole from us...GO WILD!
Can I just hug Blaine () now? PLEASE?
he's blasting water into his engine components and blasting away vital fluids. Should be interesting to watch.
A new/old icon was in need. I was in need of one, I mean. What ossifer? I'm not strunk.
Your #Shakespeare of the day...“: IMOGEN. No, no! Alack,”
Today Shaq decided to retire from the NBA! His best years was with the purple & gold! Thanks for winning those rings for LA!
Scion FR-S: First Drive [Jalopnik Reviews]
No wonder has so many financial issues. they can sell the appliance, they just can't get it to you. Refunds abound.
Netflix has Ren and Stimpy on demand!!!
Loved to follow but #nfb no follow back. Let me know if you'd like help with your social media my friends....
What's up Nickasaurians??!:)
Was told to do the same thing and just change each one a little. That will make you an #artist. NO! That makes ME an assembler of the same!
Here at Peter piper pizza with my friends :/ bored
Satan lives in Farmville.
Being with is like MAGIC!! :)<3
Obama is in full campaign mode right now!!
Let's play ball!!! GO mariners!!!
Does anyone think its funnier than a fart in a tin cabin that #Rahm has clearly ripped off the template from #Obama's website?
Don't get ahead of yourself
Take your child to work day is in full swing today... I'm with my daughter, concepting out several sites for her.
Thanks for the kind words! Hope you find lots of helpful information :)
Lol neither am I! (:
"If you like Annie Lennox, we recommend Celine Dion." Really, iTunes Genius feature? Really?
totally! i was just (embarrassed but) happy to make this discovery
Filming today 1130-4 at the ledges
Nice audience for Frank Batten's talk in our auditorium last night. Next up: C-Suite Conversation with Michael Dan of Brink's, November 17.
:)) RT : This afternoon's work is being powered by Awesome.
it was beautiful tho!! And you looked gorgeous-in the most manly way ;) Mi'kelle looked so beautiful!!
yeah love it! Malibu too snobby and not much there, downtown LA sucks/traffic, and downtown SD is fun for two days max
what is wrong with you
Let it snow. Let it snow. Let it snow.
i got love i got life i got faith and thats enough
favorite listserv typo of the day: spreadsheete.
Thanks for everything.<U+E414>
Thanks for linking to my blog today!
Lol I remember when swizz beatz was at the fox hills mall handin out his demos lol I was yng looking at my mom like "this man know he shame"
I hope you still remember the mahone that love you <3 1
How to beat the heat like my cat: stick your head in the hot window and your butt on the air conditioning vent. Nice.
Hey members - last minute spot open for an Intensive TOMORROW with Marci Phillips from ABC starting at 10:30a. Go NOW!!! (good luck)
I knew I had fun last night but I didn't know I had this much fun: My facebook status reads, "Today at 3:11am near Lititz, PA."
You best! Don't escape the city with at least a
": I need to be doing it with you! RT : Good morning! About to start my cardio" ur more than welcomed cuzo! fa real
Turns out they mean when they say "take with food."
im bored ); no call . bored . hmm .
Don’t design your web site without considering SEO
Just heard the WORST concert spot EVER
BO YAAAAAAAAAH! 4 MORE DAYS 'TILL NEW YORK!
That's happened to me before too.. sorry dude!
Counterfeits seized at Patapsco Flea Market worth $47.3 million
send an image I can confirm and you are in too
#ItGetsMeMadWhen someone owes you money, doesn't repay you, but has money to buy other things... Smh RT if you agree!
are we playing the Fire right now?
I will. Remember that
U should have stayed! Lol
u are clearly loosing ur senses
Say it loud and say it proud my fellow bitch!
This weather sucks!
Wimp! RT Obama agrees to move speech to joint session of Congress to Sept. 8, on.cnn.com/oli0eK
My teacher definitely just said "do do" and I was the only one that laughed...
Royal Dutch Shell in Deal for China Shale Gas - Wall Street Journal
you're welcome >;D aha
for 15 years anytime I see Mr. Link we flip each other off and smile.
It's not the events that cause the bad feelings, but the way we think about them.
Mudvayne, Devil Driver, Metallica, Slipknot, Lamb of God, Static-X, Stone Sour, Godsmack, Korn.
Can't wait for EPL Football and NFL Football playoffs later today
Walking in the sun w/ a best girlfriend, freshly painted nails, and a perfect yogurt granola parfait... All Saturdays should be like this.
I am a huge Amy Winehouse fan but you gotta hear Kimbra.
Misleading >>The key 2 success on #Twitter r the number of "followers" u have, the more u have, the further ur messages & information travel
damn that is really good!! Congrats!! :)
#Alliclass on to #FourSquare. You can check in at #Alliclass!
you and me always seem to have this problem.hopefully irvine will bring his pistachios tomorrow...
Over 300 followers! Way to go Afroheads, fluff yo fro some mo! Anyone coming down our gig or this weekend?
() In the Psychedelic Posters exhibition, "come to my dimension, I will give you candy" Hilarious.
Interesting CMA meeting this morning. They're taking a "snapshot" of the chamber music scene in different cities around the country.
going to be headed your way in a couple of weeks would mind meeting up.
Seeing March 18-20...we just saw them February 18-20. Same dates, different month. Coincidence? Maybe...weird though lol.
Absolutely! So great to see you - have a great time in Long Beach and definitely let me know when you're back. Good luck to GR!
Merry Christmas
Discovery's Making of Frozen Planet is just incredible stuff.
It's tough. I love Stephen King, but wondering if I should read this classic of his 1st & then listen to it. I can't decide!
I'd say Manny over Floyd. id say Floyd opens up -120
Robot JoneZ quotOne of These Daysquot - sweaters for women
Talking is sharing, but listening is caring. Zig Zigler
Thanks, ! It was great seeing you today.
Hey I c u
thanks were having a blast!!!
are you dead
OK I CAN USE ABOUT TEN PERCENT OF THESE CRACKS. HAVE A GOOD NIGHT
has a waiting list? I feel so left out.
Thanks for the add! It was great to meet you and Jack. 100% awesome ideas!
Everyone go follow , She's amazing, I promise <3
So word on the street is the boys are hosting punk'd on the 31st? Not sure if it's true... But can you imagine them hosting? Haha -Caitlin x
thanks puck-- stay tuned in on the weekend evening newscasts!
sad I have to miss the dc book signing! Come to for cocktails after! They will luv you there!
I'm with it if you are
FACT: There's NEVER been a confirmed case of groundwater contamination in over 50 years of using #fracking to stimulate #NatGas production.
you are my favorite!
My boyfriend thinks he just complimented me by saying I am his sickness, like a cancer that grew on his heart.
Sorry about that!
my favorite twitter account hands down
nights like these I just want my daddy, the longer it goes without him the more i miss him
Breakfast in chicago <U+2665>
it's tough! I am now googling images of them all. I need to get out the house :/ is out on the town....
THANKS GIRL:)
I was excused from jury duty! Yeah...I would have served, but it is a busy week and I'm glad to be back at my desk!
Thinking that I should have played Diablo 3 all through the night instead of going to bed at 2:30AM. Can't log on now.
and FOREVER!!
& the rest are hilarious in The Assistant! i can't wait to see in this!
Started Beanie Wells over Tolbert....nice play me #fail so far
doesnt matter what i look like to people i just need some1 i can trust no body has that quality
today ia moms birthday with her young self turning 39 Happy Birthday
thanks my love . i love you to austin
Fox News Jennifer Griffin, Dancing with the Stars Louis Van Amstel & comic Lisa Ann Walter Wed 5.25 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
my life=mission accomplished!
Crazy, right? Thanks for playing!
||-+~| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Start by researching your area. Arizona has a few things going on. Find out how the market works, start by doing theatre!!
The Rangers Bringing in Feliz next inning is the equivalent to the Yankees pitching AJ tomorrow. A whole lot of hope for the other team
#LastTimeIChecked guys arnt supposed to be tanner than girls..
I get a mini heart attack wenever u tweet meeh:D
I've had this headache since 8th period <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Thanks friend!! Much love
im so proud of u guys! u guyz came out on a newsletter!<U+2665>
it's a classic move. I first used it on with great success. The rest is history.
That nap needed to be like an hour longer.
Helping a friend that means the world to me
Barefoot? Which band were they again!? ;-)
I'm watching you! ^_~
aw thanks!! Congratulations too you as well! <3
Yeah, perhaps your version of reality. When it comes to pirates that shit tends to be subjective.
Q2: What should I start with when I am getting a bid? #WCO11 A2: don't specific the way the developer should solve you tech challenges...
Love the spine poem. More please...
Looking forward to the Business Journal Meet the Newsroom event tonight here at the City Center at 735. See you there!
's update from Cuba: We've just installed work for the Havana Biennial and it is stunning. Stay tuned for...
sorry! how was it??
Thanks for coming out! We are so glad you enjoyed your experience!
Super Smash Bros. N64. All Day.
It is what it is homie! Celtics too old to give the Heat a run for their money! SMH!
good point!
I think that was
awesome awesome can I get a followback remember watching school gyrls! Loved it!:) wish it would come back on
When I was young our phones didn’t have internet, they had SNAKE!
I hate when people step on my feet....
You're very welcome! Thank you for adding to your list! I appreciate it too! :) Have a GREAT week my friend!
Inspired. And now Sheldon is mad! ;-)
its a great system
I love the rain!
I've just experienced something horrifically awful :( wanna know what? :( <U+2665>
My dreams have been insane lately, I need a revelation! lol
sounds good; I'll pass on to the team. Thanks!
Awesome selection! :-)
prep for solar training next week at NW solar expo...
hey man! heard that Jason Sisneros was tellin you about me so i thought id drop you a tweet and say whats up! lets write! HMU!
So #Addicted to good music - XavierLT.com
Happy Momma's Day!!!
everything is good!, hopefully that last joint can work!
My first love
thank you
The fennel plant i brought inside in October is now 4 feet tall & blooming. It's outdoor brethren is 6in tall & being gorged by green aphids
They need a #CLETweetup!
awesome. I checked it out! Looks so fun! I'm next door to your pods. Come to Lexington Social. Your 1st drink is on the house!:)
You are correct. Closest thing to great was the Hyundai spot.
The new Beach House album is tops! #Treatyoself and give it a listen!
Whoever trended that thing about Beliebers and 1D being dumb, 1D isn't a fanbase. It's a band.
i knew something was up when Rafa asked to where grass court shoes. Dangerous court.
Happy Anniversary!
See what I mean? ": you heard ir fri me"
on the phone with my bestfriend <3
Clever split scenes abound in #SomewhereSafer. Great work
When it doubt, rub it out.
I had a good day with my family today :)
oh shitt thanks fir the info about that ugly little bill great uncle looking ass jaQue
I am a rock. I am an Island.
Lmao yess i think your getting it from
Will you be watching the Pro Bowl? Why or why not?
CALL ME MAYBE?<3
Ok, good luck. It's long, so give it some time, but he begins it with a bit of a bang.
that was so cunning and so wrong at the same time haha!
Cats beat 4th ranked Iowa!!
Refining #OO metaphor: It's like have 2 uninvited guests, sworn enemies, show up, fight and trash your house in the process.
Beyond the Summit: An #Everest Adventure and Romance is now available free on the #Kindle Lending Library and for purchase at $.99
Also, I know about Time Crash, I enjoyed it for the short that it was, but I mean something more official.
Exploring the Fishbowl now! Great site.
Go Bucks! take that down I-71
Looking forward to at tonight
NEVER LISTEN TO SOMEONE WITH DIRTY FINGERNAILS!!!!
I have always been a fan of the 67 camero
Ouch...good luck, Sarah. My 9 yr. old daughter is having to adjust to HER newly-broken left arm, too. Not much fun.
hmm well i haven't really moved all day so i fear doing strenuous activities may just kill me
A SNITCH nigga that's that shit I don't like.
Good look, thx you
........ New products and colors coming this SEPTEMBER. What would YOU like to see in our store for the fall?
lmao... my dumb ass
Thanks for the retweet! Interestingly, it was a friend who works the book exhibit who first told me that would be the case. :-)
It is a strategic add-on to incentivize people to get it after purchase & go to your website and enter email. Build following.
This movie battleship STILL hasn't come out yet? I swear I've been seeing previews for this for months and months
Leopard me!
OK lol there i did my job !
I want to read the one that rules them all!
I love/hate talking to really smart people that make me feel incredibly stupid
Lets do work!
We could possibly do something this Sat. I have less work to do. I told one editor I need a day off. Let me know. you n me
sorry I missed you Sunday, went by and you were training!
awesome. Umm, you're speaking English now?
Im bored
#sca2012 Re cultural change: he's seeing some real effects of his work on internal NARA staff attitudes about value of Wikipedia.
in DC tonight? Wish we could get there! Good ole new orleans boys.
heh heh..Bam..u got me lil one..shot me down...want me to change it fo u??
superantispyware is the bomb, use it.
Thanks for the RT!
I need a drink to celebrate
We may be seated farthest from the VIP table at the Gershwin Awards dinner, but we have been able to greet every performer as they pass by.
pulling another Batman stunt? Haha hope all is well<3
I will be!!
RT And I am! RT : Often, people mistake being prosperous for being materialistic. // Lol!! And spoiled!
Shout out to the hot
I really like it! Is the G soft or hard at the end?
Wow. That home run thing at the Marlins ballpark is really hideous. Who designed that?
RT : #austin #food producers, take our #socialmedia survey, will help develop wrkshp I'll be hosting in Jan. w/...
Wayne's War of the Worlds
Doc Rivers on KG offensive call foul: "I wasn't fond of it, at all."
cricket. I'm influential in cricket.
Working hard. How about you?
ikr me2 :( but never say never :)
What a special evening tonight in Pampa, Texas with Arlo Guthrie with Bob Santelli of the GRAMMY Museum. Next stop L.A.
him and Johnny Depp are like PB&J
Ok night night. Up at 4:30 just because those beautiful biscuits just won't make themselves! (you're welcome!)
Extremely sleep
thank you :)
I'm gonna light candles and shit like all about the benji for this lottery lol
Spent the evening looking at our financial position. We're still working things out but it's looking good. Thanks everyone.
Great deal! RT : Have a birthday coming up? email for special $100 bottle birthday deals!
I wonder the same<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Call for potential NEH CG panelists: advanced degree in humanities discipline required. Send c.v. to to be considered.
U want to get back ur losses...which nvr happens for me. My husbands pretty good at blackjack tho
hm... if yall watching it might be be something I might enjoy, Aud's whats the verdict so far?
I'm so awkward so what do say, just as friends we see a movie this weekend, alright? Okay. (:
I'm sorry but student teachers suck
Finally watching The Godfather!
Super shitty when teacher of color is passed over at the mic, not heard to ask the RA to come out against the Castle Doctrine.
And we're eighth in wine production.
oh you know just beepin' and boppin'. He keeps talking about "plans" and a "message". That old kook.
RT A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it.
I'm attending this year's Art Walk VIP reception party to discuss our sponsorship of next year's event showing green walls as living art!
Kids are cute, until they poop in the tub. Then they suck.
#AGT drinking game rule #2, every time Howie freaks out because he's a germaphobe take a drink
Thinking About You | Frank Ocean >>>
Told my mom im goin out. She asked my why. Cause i just need to get out
What on earth have you been googling??
My dick looks like Krum from "A, Real Monsters"
oh yay! for jimmy lol .... sorraaay am barely getting on its cause i had issues with my back lol ya no from yesterday
what about ?
did you win
can't favorite everything that I like. Not everything I like is a favorite. Favorite likes? rarefied air
Your Brewers one
lol. We just meet up at our soccer game :)
do u even know how much I love u, I hope u care for me too!!!!
Does my cousin really expect me to take vodka shots chased by lemon slices?
“: I love him more than words describe.<3 Yes, I'm talking about ”<333
let me know next week if yall do lol
please watch the game.
#POD12: Seattle Oct 24-28. Pencils & Pixels: 21st Century Practices in Higher Education. CFP will be released in Jan. Proposals due Feb. 23.
Just handed off the footage to our assistant editor Neil. Updates are coming soon :)
I am a hostage to my own humanity
hahahahahahaha oh my god
Please retweet the chicken dance rules so we can share it with our Raving Fans on the West Coast!
datavis.com got all the pastry accessories
Set the DVRs!!! I'll be on FOX nFriends sometime between 615 and 630 tomorrow morning to talk about our special operations personnel.
OMG same here.
You spelled "scrotus" wrong.
"Are you okay?" "No, I'm crying because Dora didn't give me enough time to answer her question."
21 Jump Street ! Hilarious !
The only knowledge that can hurt you is the knowledge you don't have
Preciate the follow. Have a good day
Chillin foe tired ass hell.
I know it's something you don't want to hear. But it's better then living in denial.
Oh, why thank you! :)
That was supposed to say OH: high life or mickeys. Which would you choose?
Oops-NC law banning gay marriage did not take 102 yrs to set aside;just 92-1875 law declared unconstitutional in 1967
try it
I think all the weeds in my neighborhood decided to throw a party in my backyard. At least it's festive.
the tweets you're retweeting right now are making me rofl
wow, already?!
I spent 1 hour Bowling. 223 calories burned.
and yet...still no Indy...sadness...deep, dark sadness...
Following!! thanks for the suggestion!!
Yep, it's the official account. I can think (hope) of several ways it will be utilized
Oh Whitney. I'll never forget you. But I hope everyone else forgets my dance routine to "So Emotional" in 6th grade.
hahahaha you need something...you gettin to old for basketball hahah
RT : Good Morning! It's Friday! We're excited tomorrow is the event!
RT : Okay followers, I'm done annoying you for now --> Keep on annoying me! =-)
You are gunna die
Starting Sunday, you can join the fun with weekly pichunts from ur bed!!
Was Amazing! I would buy his album.
Puppy + Hair extensions = new toy for puppy, no hair for mommy! Ouch! LOL!
I was lookin at sum sean taylor highlights. My best was when hit that punter.
Houseboating News » Marine Leadership Alliance discusses trends ...
I sure wish i was on a plane to Miami! Haha
When something is remarkable, it's obvious. If you have to ask, it's not. Ideas or web experiences, you'll know remarkable when you see it
I hate pot holes ._.
We're currently filling in spots for sponsorship deals, if your band is interested send us an email here:
"Seven Steps to Prace of Mind" book signing will follow today's Luncheon at the Restoration Christian Fellowship. The Spirit of Love is here
I love my momma everyday not just today :) but happy mothers day! <U+E328>
Start your weekend early with art, wine, and Pacific sunset views. Admission is FREE from 5-8pm today and Claire's has happy hour specials!
I couldn't have had more fun than hanging with and riffing on security stuff. Thanks for letting me hang, guys. =)
read my last tweet bro haha
When folks admit they're still using single record approach in the cat these days I think they must spnd all their time tending those
sleep on it a few days and then decide. No rush.
Pen > Pencil
yep saw that - rumored to take effect this week but waiting to hear of actual texters being blocked
I still didn't get a haircut over spring break
Keep it up!
thank u raymond. u rock. look forward to doing some stuff soon.
we are all different
Great end to a long week, my whips fixed, wrapped up another project and its #420 bitches!!!
Been listening to Allan Holdsworth... This should be a fun night!
KG + a bag of redhots = poor man's fireball
An expert is a person who has few new ideas; a beginner is a person with many. - Albert Einstein
Thank you for your support Marcella! We are getting so close to our goal!!
o well did u tell wat I asked u to ...........plzzzzzzz
I'm a bar tender
Realizing now how happy I am to have that poison out of my life. Toxic.
Today we celebrate International Women's Day. #IWD To all the women who make the world go round - We salute you!
is it raining outside?? my office has no windows. i just see a goldenrod wall. so to me, its kinda sunny...
Watching the screening of "young adult" with charlize theron ....... I will let you know if its any good! Lol
yes I shoot documentaries and short films.
I hate it when they do that. As if my ego is so huge I need teenagers to boost it.
Love paramore before josh and his brother left
In America - since at least 1776
Well.. some people are dumb. And thats that. I don't even know who this "one direction" shit is.
Wow, is going on tour but the one date they are skipping for a college happened to be my date, GA. That is depressing.
And finally....Picture locked!!!...big thanks to a great post production team!!!...u guys are the best!
you ok?
What date would you say?
#brokenhearted on KIIS FM!
hahahha that was the funniest thing i had ever seen
It’s pretty easy to be smart when you’re parroting smart people.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Bobbie Petrino is a #scumbag ask the #Falcons, what a
Goodluck to boys Lax tonight Do us proud.
redskins could screw up an erotic dream
this game just got super intense!
I think I have the perfect life.
Support R2K Studio by attending our FREE Live Music Event AND Amazing Photo Exhibit!
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love ~ Hubert Humphrey
Dash can run on water! He's like a very fast Jesus.
were u on the plane that got struck by lightning?!?!?!
I would have to agree - and I'd think that the people who watch it regularly have to be too!
The best part about sex ehhhhhhhh.....#the pleasure i give
Kino Lorber Edu Summer Sale has officially begun! 15% off any purchase over $400 dollars. Email to place your order!
EL CAJON Open House TODAY Offering $9.33 TANS ALL DAY and HILLCREST Grand Opening TODAY from 5-8pm Offering FREE TANS, FOOD, PRIZES and MORE
long did it take you to take all your posters down?
Not much sexier than Jessica Beil and Kate Beckinsale! No shame there buddy. Maybe I gotta' see that flick.
Feel like a <U+2729> with
i was just saying it was good. ;p haha.
Dad just took my last piece of gum
Screenplay: secret adventures of the dude from "Summer School" who was "in the bathroom" for six weeks...BUT WAS ACTUALLY FIGHTING COMMUNISM
Funky weird
in the market for a cheap, reliable bus if anyone wants to help us out.
I'm back on twitter after a brief hiatus - tech show & ignite law look gr8t!
oh okay! Well, for me it's 6:00.. So, for u 3:00
Hello! I am listed in the Directory, but I don't seem to find a way to buy it from Canada. Advice? :) Thanks!
#gig at downtown for lunch today
i still gotta get my shoes, supplies, and uniform..
It's so cool that you post links to our website! We need to collaborate! Who are you?
Hooray for Hollywood by Jared Lee = My Life
I wish I could sleep some more ...
A 13 year Taiwanese study found that just 15 minutes of moderate exercise, daily, increased life expectancy by 3 years!
Cry out to God to preserve the United States of America - it's not too late...
We had an amazing time again this year! This show seriously keeps getting better and better.
Used Glogster this week and had no trouble. Might be worth it to try again.
When you hide stuff people already know you look stupid
Easy. 1964's "A Shot In The Dark"...gimme a harder one!
Like it, pass rush struggled last year. September can't get here soon enough. Go Pack Go!
“: My level of immaturity changes depending on who I'm with ;)”
Seeing "The Descendants" heightened my interest in visiting the Hawaiian islands. Do you hear that a lot?
Wednesday I'll own a home.
if you've got time today I can tell you all about the Fighting Methodists ... & other less savory tales of the univ's expansion
Times like these remind me why you're so perfect.<3
Hating this weather with a cold, wet passion
well he wasn't russian and those stars look kind of fruity ;)
get it girl! That's s nice chunk of mileage!
tracert says all Dreamhost sites fail at (192.250.5.2). I'm unable to even ping DH's IP directly =/
Im happy with my relationship now Doe (:.
It's not about who you spend the most time with. It's about who you had the best memories with.
Start batteling things at home...
Even fucking better.
sometimes I read those and fantasize about the writer. So wrong.
i hate to rub it in but my STEELERS WON
5 days till Shirlington's Oktoberfest! Our tent will feature some delectable dishes and Beckett’s t-shirts!
Loves the feeling of gettin my teeth clean..dentist went rli well..at the mall with my mami =]
Gaming out right now, Trying to relax. The brainstorming for the second book is going great! Hope you all are well!!
Liverpool game I can actually watch on now. Let's hope they win.
It has been a busy day here at #AirHollywood, but a lot of fun as well!
The whole schedule is you have one. Thanks :)
ESPN to Broadcast Two Live World Series of Poker Events in 2012
most definitely!
Wrapped on Coldwood. The next phase of the Alaska adventure begins now--Denali national park camping and backpacking, Alaska railway, etc.
Well that's awesome can i ask how old yu r?
BALLOON UPDATE: Rush Hour Race off. Glow on tonight!
is that coo hah
there's better pictures but you wouldn't wanna look at them
NUBLU THURSDAY..... *WAX POETIC plays new songs from up and coming album !!!!!!! 2 Sets 10PM & Midnite... *VLADI spinns eclectic....
Make sure his love isn't just something you want, but what you need.
like it?? -MB
63 cents in my bank account........... bills paid though
: CC frosting def, or maybe ganache... assorted varieties, red velvet, yes... all of them, really.
Almost to 5000 likes! Help us out by telling all your friends about us. It would be the best Christmas present!
I'm done.. Haha so.. Coconuts tomorrow?
Always a fan!
are you still sick?
What the
Thanks much Toure! RT : #FF because she is simply an amazing woman!
I'm actually feeling very guilty about leaving right now. I'm sure a cocktail on the deck will help that.
“ , Only A Weak Nigga Want A B_tch He Can Run Over .” ' Truth!
Didn't know she had one. What's your opinion?
Ayee Pawl... WASUP WIT IT? My bad gettn back so late.tryna get it #Ualreadyknw its a WAR OUT HERE... BUT MAY THE BEST MAN WIN
#SKYFALL teaser at work meeting! YES!
Morning in kuala lumpur looking forward to a great day found the batik craftsman I met 2 years ago his work as beautiful as ever
Will you be in Jax next week with your guys? Hope to see you!
bet you said that before. That the baby ain't yours lol j/k.
Watching "why planes crash" is terribly freaky
atta boy Johnny!!
....Monica lewinsky...what it dew? (Bill)
You always leave me hangin ;) x
Game on! Go get em
I'll come save you from boredom once I get my chores done
Got the highest grade on the test in my Algebra class!
still enjoying Sunday night in SF! Have a great start! :-)
have fun in Mexico :) <3
Red solo cup = whitest song I've ever heard.
I wonder that all the time.
Saw your tweet mentions us about some difficulties that you had. Did it work out?
diversity of funding sounds like you need medical cannabis tax $?
And omg Mary I'm on the common experience retreat right now and turning in my lesson plans for common hour next week
If someone is parked all "messed-up", remember, their might of been two other people they had to fit between, and they might of left already
what u been up too
venice beach! (:
yea yea ight
He will not be out-orated for a LONG time. #hecantalk #sotu #istheactionthere?
Thanks Skip for the follow!
I'm excited you joined! Now start following people that tweet about things that interest you! I'm always here to help! xoxo
Any writers out there have any tips about revision? What's helpful for you? What bombed?
just to make you look stupid
Just finished vocal lesson with the fabulous Julia Dollison...feels good to get back to it!
And you have a very professional army crawl.
Deadmau5 coming to DC!!!
Beach time
Google moving into food - maybe I could work there? ": We've just been acquired by Google! zagat.bz/qEVoas”
I disagree with 's assessment that Moonrise Kingdom is Wes Anderson's Wes Andersoniest film. Still Darjeeling to me.
I'm dead inside.
T Brewer Trio plays Jazz Center, S Cruz, tonight at 7p! Wil Blades-organ, Micah McClain-Drums..come join us :)
yes im singel
Great new album...
You on x factor 2013?:) Thats so cool! Is it c factor UK?
We will be closed Sunday the 15th. Thank you!
Grrrr...I can't log on to Facebook on my IPhone! Help!
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Join me tonight @ Barones in the valley 4 my guest appearance in Pamela Clay's show. I'll be singing Be In Love. :))
Thanks so much; and we look forward to taking car of your vehicle needs to keep you going to where you need to get next :)
Just voted! Peppermint all the way!
Mika Tajima's artist talk has been rescheduled from tomorrow to TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6 at 7pm ! Hope you can join us!
Work downtown? Join us for the Employee Appreciation Wk volleyball tourney at Bradford (7/25 & 7/26). Registration due 7/15. No fee to play.
right back at ya!
Happy Valentine's Day! xoxo <3
Same - look forward to ongoing conversations. Best!
Had a dream James Cameron was my good buddy.
what happened that you have a leg injury?? The weather is perfect again today...sorry! LOL
Obama wanted change, so I threw a couple fucking penny's at him
just listened to the podcast. You're a huge jackass for calling Skip out like that. Should be ashamed of yourself.
how are you?
Motivation Monday: Never stop trying to reach your goals! Great athletes fail...The best get right back up!
Get me with those green eyes baby(;
- "Now go get ya fuckin plane, level, and other carpentry tools!"
Thanks boo!!!
Me 2! A good example of "train a Child Up..." :)
I see that "Bubba" is trending. I'm not really looking into this, I just wanted to use the word "Bubba" in a tweet.
worth the money. Stay for two sets of credits for two extra scenes if you go.
Ah on 106 and Park <3
Loved your article Quinten! I know I'm a little late, but you should def. keep blogging. :)
kobe has a min 4 yrs left look at his level of play. Nobody has been that good that long.
Sally Hawkins is playing the lead in Woody Allen's 2013 San Fran movie? I might have just yelped like a little puppy reading it.
I must say... you do look dapper in your picture. how have you been joshua? :)
: I'm excited to sign up with your homepage! Can't wait to hear about auditions” Thx Josh, ur on our list!
It can be, though a player would almost certainly lose the high well before the end of the game.
I fucked that nigga after his show, has a loose stanky ass.
~You may have suffered defeats, but God has a victorious life for you! Trust God to turn things around.~
Cheating isn't cheating unless you get caught,bragging isn't bragging if you can back it up
It's been a while since I could join #ELTchat but here I am! Nice to see you all, again. Glad to be back for the #ELTchat bday.
Oh wow, you've just managed to turn a failed calender into a pensive tool... BRILLIANT
RT : Step 1: Emergency mgrs need to get comfortable with social media, understand it & develop strong relationships.
I desperately need help with webdropdown which broke after I upgraded to 10. Frustrated at best!
Let's Go Brewers..... Bay Packers....probably no NBA because my Milwaukee Bucks trash....smh Let's Go Wisconsin
OMFGGGG RIGHT BY MY SIDE VIDEEOOOO
RT : What is in exactly 2 months from today? #WineRocks! This summer July 11th! Save the date!
thanks big man. Tell Coach Sanchez hello.
Catch some great modern rock with Sin Seven live at Pineapple Willy's today starting at 5pm!
where was the Crue playing last night ??
sure do...n dont use it or any club much for that matter
Kel and I need to do a web series. I'd do so working with him.
mexican people and black people are bad bargaining chips, nobody pays their ransome lol
Umm no words! RT : Omg did you see the way they were kissing? So painful i couldn't watch RT :
yo followed back
is at the car repair shop waiting for my car to get fixed. Hangar for the muffler broke.
I hate when people don't text back.
Just ate 3/4ths of the chicken pot pie. Man was I hungry.
Happy 11th Birthday Marcayla, love you!
so worth it.
Good Morning...Hope everyone has a great day...
we n der
Bride of Frankenstein
One of the BEST #NewGirl episodes ever!!
yeah i think weedgetalong <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0081>
RT : Need necessary workflow for #HIE. Must have plug and play to engineer without permission = innovation.
i do want a summer time relationship
woulld you marry me?
I have no idea what's going on in this class anymore
Heading off to the first panel of the day "Crafting The Footage"
The assumption that dog avatars are apolitical is itself a political statement.
Hope this nigga don't fuck it up
where exactly is the free parking for xfinity live
Met with the Treasure Box team at The Rock Church last night! They are on fire in the community w Blessing in a Box food outreach ministry!
i am cool just busy but cool. How things in the south? how the adjustments coming?
If you ever asked why you can find anyone beautiful, you should try looking in the mirror.
walking to super fresh with because i like food!!!!!!!
its a perk
aww :) and I'm pretty good not sure why I'm up but couldn't sleep lol
well put it this way, you're in LA, where everyone knows EVERYONE, and we both haven't seen someone like that lmfao
thank you so much buddy :) I will hehehe <3
RT : CARANCHO the new thriller from #Argentina starring Ricardo Darin a smash hit & held over thru 5/5.
I feel ya on the commute shoes but even commute shoes should look nice.
Can't sleep... So what is a man to do? Watch old school favorite- "National Lampoon's Vacation"
This! Packer Nation. Donald was in jeopardy tonight. We need full support next week. It means vote vote vote.
hey i dont blame you -- seattle has a nice little soccer following up there haha
Ahh, ok. No worries, it happens. RT : Not official. My mistake.
I am cheering for #GoCards over #Lobos on
Trivia at #RockBottomBrewery in #Bethesda with , , & Jesse. I'm no help as usual!
buy tickets!
Please see the secretary if you need a Doctor's note for your #Nuts therapy!
RT S/O too the Bitchs Who Dont Need a Weave To Make Them Who They Are
looking for sales people in nyc to sell printing
Money unfortunately makes the world go round' :(
Just listened to another #plpcc webinar. Excited and prepared for the next endeavor. Thanks and
You're welcome?
I wonder if she ever thinks about me, not on no play play shit
Jesus is born and he is with us! – Jesus ha nacido y el está con nosotros!
Did I just hear the epic Beach Boys performance I was waiting for would include Foster the People and Maroon 5??? Disappointing.
We have a pal who <3's punk, bacon in his sweets, and has lots of love to give. Can he come work for you? -Bunny and Brandy
Only Kid should be allowed to have a Hightop fade it will never be better then his so stop doing it.
haha yes :) always gifts from uncle mike!
Thanks, Trish! Looking forward to seeing you!
I swear to God I think I just saw Drake.
The one freaking shirt I actually WANT to wear is lost. I bet I'll find it after I get home tomorrow..fmlll
just do it I have important shiz to talk about
I cant wait for jesrica simpsons show
Yeah you do, before they be sold out. I hope to see you there!
FIGURE IT OUT!! :)
Is this too much for a bucket list, 1.Go to NYC to see SNL. 2.Marry Kristen Wiig! 3.Meet you and have a drink?
Which will win the ratings game tonight... #DWTS or #Final Four championship game. Tweet me back with your pick to win...
I love nail polish so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Man I gotta buy some new polish...
shoulda gone for movie night...just sayin
Did you know? “Burger Kong” was a fast food outlet on Ennerdale Street in Raccoon City. Its name is an obvious parody of Burger King.
Do popcorn and beer count as dinner? Because if it does I ate like a king tonight. One drink at 6 turned into staying out until midnight.
Good point . & I better get to see you while your home btw .
#kellieluvdown the moment u have all been waiting for...My debut single "Down" and vid, will be released Sat aug. 20 on iTunes and YouTube!
Ture #SUCCESS and Happiness can not be obtained on credit! It must "Paid in FULL" before you receive it!
It's more about being annoyed at ppl who give advice and can't take their own. Stop preaching and look @ your damn self.
thanks for the help! ill try the things i didnt do when i get home
Game of Thrones. Mad Men. Sherlock. Veep. Girls. Also, probably COPS if you looked.
Great, now I have the tune stuck in my head- "get out of your seat, on to your feet" ;) #sgmemory great friday memory lane visit
what songs would you like to hear us cover? nothing dirty, nothing too heavy, but make it fun!
Space still available on tonight's Bricktown Shuttle from Norman. Contact us now to make a reservation between 9pm-10pm for only $15 each!
Why does it always come down to money??
They let me join the YWCA even though I'm not young, female, or christian. Luckily, I'm very associative.
So sorry we been neglecting this page LOL we might delete ......
doing the Cystic Fibrosis Walk at GA Tech this morning then playing the Mountain Laurel Festival tonight in Clarkesville, GA!
what you and that short nigga was up to?
RT : Follow for today's Joint Housing and Human Needs Disaster Recovery Committee meeting at 2 p.m.
Oh, BADOO. Whatever. -Me
:-) happy friday!
what's it called?
Alice Cooper earlier this year at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ceremony in NYC.
#FF , and what's up?
I'm a weenie
thanks hun.. was so lovely to have you! you sounded amazing! looking forward to hanging out on thursday!
might be moving back to jersey this summer O.o
Some chinese in a few,some more research,brooklyn college wrote an article on Last Breath,& drinks w/my homie later.
haha sure! Whatever three hour nap then go eat ;) haha you should come home and visit I'm sure alex would like that too
I bet it is!
Looks like some spots for that #dataviz seminar with Amanda Cox just opened up. Unfortunately, I've since made other plans.
French quarter owners thinks they can open a 4 or 5 star hotel with day spa at a cost of $12 million. Looking for investors.
Every time Eric Cantor tilts his head and claps, a Lobbiest buys a Bentley.
good luck tomorrow!!! I'm sure you will do great!!
make it nasty
Won our first football game today 8 to 7 very tough game, both teams scored in the 4th qtr them first then us.
Sean Payton suspended for the year and Tebow traded to the NY Jets. One saint in and another saint out.
whats up bro,ur tweets R phuckin crazy! haha follow me back.but dont walk to close behind me,im not into that anymore.
I feel like I'm about to puke. Why am I still not over this?
right here :P
Football Sunday!! Playoff time!!
#itshardwhen you love someone and they don't care
“: "I'll believe corporations are people when Texas executes one." signs from #occupywallstreet”
Can I marry Pip? ad;lfjalsfkjd HE'S SO ADORABLE.
Overheard now:
Look who woke up lol
. How often do you travel (days per year)?Sseems like you are always on tour.
Could apply to elderly falls; seen several instances where necklace push-button devices fail: person forgets they have it on
thanks for another awesome article! Keep 'em coming, we love us some kino too!
Listen up DC Metro area don't miss DC premiere of Heart of the King A Tribute to Elvis June 24th for 50% off tickets
OMG I just opened this and I am obsessed! It is going to be my new facebook pic, thanks!!!
Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, go out and get busy.- Dale Carnegie
Yep, they'll be streaming it live on their site. do u know if its streamed on Jets website?
So happy Denver has an H&M Store. I'm in heaven. Now we need a Dorothy Perkins ;)
Give us a shout at - we can discuss your options. Thanks!
Thanks for the RT!
Esthetics and Makeup go HAND n HAND! Call us to learn the art of makeup too! (248) 477-5548
Another nice day means another nice deal...20% off all nail services today! Enjoy!!!!!
So many celebs/ famous people dying lately. I guess people die every day, but we only hear about the famous ones. RIP Maurice Sendak.
: Um, I would totally want to work for the "Wolfpack". Where do I apply!?!
thank u
ouch “: Your supporting your advertisers not your followers. $Money talks”
Thanks for the follow -glad to connect with you. Happy Easter!
I'm coming up on Friday. My mom is making chicken parm for Saturday night. I'll be there all weekend
RT : One down, 15 to go.
Passion and vision are only as good as your strategy
oh - joy and pain - that took me back 20 years...
austin has a gf
No, it froze on me too.
Kam Fong as Chin Ho. Yep, it's on right now. MeTV. Make it happen.
Tornado sirens going off on campus...
Some recent CQT stories by me: Collins raises doubts about DHS IG nominee; lawmakers worry about overcriminalizing minor cyber offenses
Now I'm getting
M piece a candy
Good Morning.... Happy Hump Day.
Dear Fat Chicks, Black Is NOT that Slimming! Sincerly, Skinny girls who wear black
We're looking for fresh, original talent.
O man o man
whats it about
Humans meet at Carpenter Wells clock tower and Zombies meet at sand volleyball pit at Murray!
Just got our first trick-or-treaters at the door. What the hell are we going to do with all this candy?
My mom is thinking about Drake... i 1/2 way convinced her but she wont pay for yours lolz
Have you seen our brand spanking new bathrooms in the Belvedere lobby? What do you think?!
Ditto that! RT : Congratulations to Mayor & on a job very well done!!
There is a place in Sumter, SC that serves a club sandwich made with chicken salad. It is to die for.
Lets beat that #Packers! MT : Saints-49ers had 20.5 fast national/35.6M viewers. Most-watched Saturday playoff game since 1988.
ya lol :p
A vessel.
In a sense, but it's just not the same, somehow!
Adopted! Pet of the Week Niko
Job Tip: Bill Russell didn't let outright racism stop him from being the best in the NBA. Don't let it stop you!
Nothing to do #CastroBrandoSwag For Brandon
Do what you love!!!
Can we all agree not to donate to until they stop playing 5 hours of new age music every Sunday? Fucking intolerable.
spam:p
Gameday. Hope the Pacers remember to
RT Tomorrow is the start of the diet! Woo. Hoo. Hello coffee, protein, and excessive amounts of exercise.
Tonight Broadway Bar 8800 Broadway!!! See you there
I love you two<33
Don’t worry about what the weather could be like. Have your child’s next birthday indoors with us! Call for details.
Oh em gee, I just used my mobile hotspot to connect my Nook Color to the internet. 15yrs ago, all that would've been gibberish.
I second that! Love polenta cakes, too! RT : That sounds awesome.
There is no beauty but the beauty of action. – Proverb
I'm eating Twizzlers for lunch. I need real food.
Now how to pay this huge tax bill....? Who needs tech support? Error messages? Slow computer? Mac? PC? I'm your #TechieWithAPersonality!
And the 4 in a row bp hr's turn into one in the game
Important, thought-provoking article about food and culture - just re-tweeted from Melissa Clark. Read it.
These pancake are fucking unbelievable.
Been traveling so long, my Twitter action has slowed...but the experiences haven't. Cool, damp thundery Carolina nights, rain & lightning>
My ass so fat I can make my ass clap.
What PETA Does NOT KNOW about Raising Dairy Cattle!
thanks Mike
yeahh lololol I'm watching punk'd right now lololol they're pranking Ronnie from jersey shore right now hahahaha
Getting a bachelor of science in graphic design is weird. Just learn another language! It's not that hard...
At old work for awesome event. Former great-grandboss is sitting 10 feet away. Acknowledge, or stay glued to phone until performance begins?
I think Alex and Jack should get punk'd now.
I'm listening to "How schizophrenia works" by And so am I.
ha am so free.
Lucio: This S Texas medical school will impact 1 million people w/ medical needs, both urgent and significant.
It's a beautiful night out in the Chi
So I found out that my great Uncle Jimmy's real name is James... (;
- what I lack in knowledge, I make up in style! And we got it done! My job was to sell it...not build it!
It's not "Ask and you shall receive", it's " Give and you shall receive "
hahaha why thank you I'm so happy it's over!
Why do my hands and arms start hurting when I use my iPad even if I'm not holding it? Maybe the position of my neck?
Nothin like sittin outside doing work on Friday.
lol, no need fer all dat! Just get ready to act a fool in 10:00
mo money mo problems mo hoes lol
boston band song list
oh god..no kidding. we need a teleporter and pizza.
Nice : Thank you Miss Jenny 1-3 grade teacher at MacDowell Montessori. I like her because she teaches me art. -Analeigh, a student
not that worried bud...just need to have some faith in ur team...
Marc Cherry never disappoints. 15 min left of the finale, i know ill cry when it's over
peacefully sleeping....
I uploaded them on slideshare yesterday... shared the URL. Thanks for coming to the preso and I'm glad you enjoyed it!
Probably a bit of both...you're big time!!
Just saw GoDaddy ad featuring Mario Andretti. I know he's a legend but shouldn't companies be promoting active drivers during month of May?
You're in vegas? Go to chipendales! LOL!
THANK YOU. I can't even look at her after 500 annoying whines of summer *gag*
Be wary of friends. They will betray you more quickly for they are easily aroused to envy. Thought of the day
didn't think quitting smoking would be this hard on me but my throat hates me even more right now lol
Should I wear my hair up or down for formal? SOMEONE HELP ME
Ah nothing brings people together as much as a good Courtney Bashathon #Bachelornation Does she have fans?
Wished my dad happy fathers day and lamented about the big 12
RT : Horrible news from #Kabul -- gunmen and suicide bombers attacked the Intercontinental Hotel
Thanks for the follow. Let me know if your ever in Dallas
It's hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember.
you guys were great!!!
Librarians can use OA as way to lead discussion on campus about scholarly communication
Who caught 's "Letting Go?" review in latest ? Fabulous review of #Wikipedia as shared authority.
Check out what an #elementary school #teacher says about using an #iPad to teach her #kids.. or rather what they've taught her.
Oh no. I'm sorry for your loss.
overusing hash tags to sound cool.
I'm confused
we love the blog and want in one day
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Along came a Spider!!
happy Founder's Day!
Strasse Haus Friday night! Get ready to dance. Set list at thefunsize.com/songs.php
Looking for a 9am? staff talk a/b the "Bringing the Lessons Home" program + effective youth engagement, rm 205C/D
did you win springsteen tix? you usually win everything so
Talk shit , get hit . Cause & effect , learn it bitch.
I hope you come back
“: brew city is not funny for that petty ass .08 cents they charging.” taxes! Blame
I'll let that Manchester tee be on you so I can wear it around & promote the band!
My coffee is kicking in and I'm a little bit giddy!
*no car RT : I want a new car.
www.southdetroitshirts.com
- check ur email! ***URGENT MESSAGE***
Red Tails was a great flick. Run on out now and go see it!
yay! Now I'm gonna have to find a way there!
In the parlance of today's inner city youth, last night was a gullywasher
a reasonable amount of destruction is okay
U could say the same about his salary ":Jeremy Lin had 190K followers on China's version of Twitter, now? 607K a219% increase."
It's all good #RedSox just gotta get the bats going before the 9th. Tough loss but that's why they play 162 games.
I swear I know if I lay down for like 2seconds I WILL go to sleep ..
Starting off Radio Freedonia tonight with Christmas songs by Prince > Sonics > George Jones > Big Star. 11pm y'all - !
#nicesuit #ChristianBale #oscars Can I borrow for my date next weekend?
David Whyte in The Three Marriages says when we don't know what to do, we pay more attention, are more creative. Great advice!
God grant me the serenity 2 accpt my congestion, th courage 2 drink foul swill, & th wisdom to refrain from laughter thru the nose
but harry and emma arent dating, right?
Finally home! Sports all day... 4/4 with bowl games thus far and on my way to 5/5 with an Auburn win!
I'm a Utd fan but this is hilarious and true.
Finshed Book Drift, writing a review for Out In Jersey Magazine. Excellent book, thanks Rachel.
Finally safe :)
Another Wednesday . Follow me...
Doug.. Doug... Dougie Doug Doug
Management training today!
they will wet the bed like they have lately
hatin ass fools
Open house continues today 2-7 PM. Kids under 12 free. Art activities for all, free ice cream for 1st 500.
Haters are like crickets, Crickets make a lot of noise, U hear it but you can't see them, Then right when you walk by them, They're quiet.
Thats lighting just scared the shit outta me
Melo's teams had uphill battle 2 get out West first round folks love to point out LBJ took hapless Cavs to Finals.
HI YER CUTE
Sorry for the late reply. And yes! Something about a deal with a local organic food shop...?
Mans got to make a living
pretty dang good stuff from my home state. Check out Lee Bains I & - they just toured with the Shakes.
Do not feel like doing my hair at all
great show Elaine
Stress stress stress stress stress more stress
For what is seen is temporary, but what is unseen is eternal.
Do you have a client who needs to master a new accent?
RT : "No man ever listened himself out of a job." - Calvin Coolidge via
2 Add I was too was once a victim of autism as a kid and soon was healed from it. I know how serious this disease can affect.
Aw, thanks for the weekend shout-out!
Tell me the truth, even if it breaks me. Always.
That's the worst lyric ever. What song is it from and why did u quote it?
Depends on what you're looking to do with/post to the conference site. More info?
thanks! See you Wed.
Nail biter of an end coming up in the race at ...
Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life.
My mom and sisters went to this ghetto ass chinese food place that served fried chicken and they didn't serve orange chicken... wtffff
I really don't think Pat Listach needed to be that aggressive with the send, but whatever its tied!
Just made a new video!! It'll be up Tuesday!! :)
The Lakes are so stupid... they should have traded everything for Dwight Howard. They are so soft
4 gram blunt i think yes !
ill sign you... here is 5 million dollars... go make me a music video!
Anyone who follows me going to #dpla west? Is #dplawest ze hashtaggen?
but it's primal, right?
Good Night....i think
Never be afraid to try something new, because life gets boring when you stay within the limits of what you already know....
Producers: Get that beat out of your head! Rent time at BoneBreaker Studios. We have everything you need to make the music.
Do I orNaw??
nothing. lol . but nvm cuz i wanted to chat with you on there but i cant ..
Good news for me--the Robert Glasper doc I've been working toward with director J. Kevin Swain has been given the greenllight...stay tuned!
What's your name?
My parents just drunkenly FaceTimed me. I'm not really sure how I feel about this.
Heard from our friends at World Team Tennis from NYC & they were RAVING about Greenhouse! Thx for proving us right!
I want to be a Grillmaster!!!
IT'S CRAIG. harry, do you watch doctor who!?
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool? - Bob
On austerity and architecture: "The difference between a mimalist room an an unfurnished room is freedom of choice." Thomas de Monchaux
Got a new leo! Love it!
Happy First Day!
Using the new communal standing workstation. It feels really good to get up for a bit while working.
But you're also fed these stories about pesticide laden produce & frankenmeat. It's hard.
At school this morning got diss by a singer this morning
Loved the karate kick on stage!
haha when you going back to the 920
Today is a good day.... The broncos pulled through with a victory :)
- Great bar & brews, cheers!
Its so hot everywhere >.<
HOME! Who needs 's great new album, Trespassing? I'm gifting some via iTuneUS. DM your email to me.
LET'S SIT ON TWITTER & BITCH, GUYS. WE'RE SO COOL. #STFU Time to unfollow some motherfuckers.
Hi - thank you. You have a great week as well.
ayy I'm here whenever you need to talk :)
did you come by
don't forget to RSVP if you are coming tomorrow morning. www.socialmediabreakfastsandiego.ning.com
They can't sit him given how he's hit and they have a LOT of injury prone players. More precise question: 500ABs #s =?
They had Beavis and Butthead that year Letterman hosted.
Let's also put those people in wacky loft spaces that no one without their shit together could possibly afford.
If #Browns pick at #6 it will be one of these: Green, Peterson, Miller, Dareus, Jones, Amukamara, OT Jones. Safest picks.
Behave with your new friend :P
hahahahaha lol are you coming to see me today??? I want those cookies lmfao
Happy Birthday the coolest cat in town !!!
has your madre said you could see me today? AND OH I GET TO CAT SIT MY NEIGHBORS CATS TODAY :3
In Pittsburgh. Apple Store, Red Robin for lunch. Yup, that's a good Friday.
Figured this was the case. I'm actually kind of stunned Maryland hasn't done it yet, seems to line up with their dean's MO
I've been compelled to live in a financial straitjacket from year to year ever since I've become Mayor. [1943]
Does anybody do #FF #FollowFriday anymore? Well, follow He's hilarious.
So are we winning the best army award tonight or what?!!
Tonight we are young so lets set the world on fiya! we can burn brightiya! then the sun!
We have got some exciting news! We are going to be launching on Monday 1/9 and we are going to be on Live Miami next week on 1/19!
I do what I can.
I guess that means Nelson Cruz should be a finalist for a Gold Glove in right field then, right?
awesome, good taste!
I'm going to see Santa Sangre tonight, . Feel free to join!
He did that with last week and I'll bet it was a lot more interesting!
well. It's about getting messy. And that's do much fun!
Actors, best way to show case your talent is at festivals! Get filmmakers on board and submit to this great festival!!!
Open season on any red birds aim high! # birdbrains
so the blazers want John Hammond .... umm they can have him
Holy balls today was NUTS!!!
RT : Interesting quote. Any other wine books you really like?>Yes, "A Life Uncorked" by Hugh Johnson is great.
I have a client and a daughter who use Mint and I think this is a great tool
Whoa, I just read the TOS of a web app before I signed up. That NEVER happens!
The Crimson Armada AND August Burns Red new stuff today!!i think soo!!;D
She didn't have to cut me off
Why is everyone surprised that privacy policies are long and incomprehensible? Understanding law is knowing a different language
congrats on your book! :)
just listening to play live next door.. No big deal ...
Ty Lawson is taking this game over wow
An English professor? Is that what I'm supposed to be doing, Lord? If so, I like it!
Congrats for landing the residency. Looks like a great marketing for all parties involved
will serve as Executive Director for next year and will serve as Communications Director.
having been on the ticket-receiving end of that while in college, I agree. Though, marginally. Seattle PD are a joke.
I got the free book...read the first bit of it...and went on and bought the other two ebooks...looking forward to finishing
A) The German cover and title are to die for. B) Sonnenkriegerin? Hello, that's hot. C) LOVE the flourishes in the US book! Gorge.
“ #motto: I'm one of a kind. I'm gifted. I was born to lead. My goal is to inspire the uninspired. I am ME. #Gemini”
500 followers it seems like it was just last week that I had 100 followers. Oh wait it was. Thanks for the support :)
I am who I am.
Sun is gone. Patio ping pong is pointless...wait. We got shuffleboard! Thirsty Thursday Happy Hour till 8pm! $1.50 PBR $2.50 Wells!!
A ritualistic sacrifice seems to be the kind if thing they would do on the #Bachelorette to kick-off the first cocktail party of the season.
If you live in #Oklahoma and have #naturalhair contact for a consult and/or natural hair care products.New store coming soon!
do your damn work ya slacker! #americaisabetterplacetolive because...,
did u receive the email?
Hey I dig your blog. Just moved to LA from NY. How long you been in this crazy town? Thx for the intro :)
Going to my HS reunion in san diego end of Oct. Any one up for hanging out and catching up while I'm down there?
Thanks for the follow can you send me some of your work?
Don't You Miss Your House From Beeing Away From It For So Long lol
awe man that's what's up. I got my cup ready right now
I thank you guys for supporting our growth. There is much more to come!
Good pillows are so important for comfortable sleep. Good mornight!
I wasn't... Surely there has to be something good about a gyno visit.
couldn't make it to the parade today? well these next tweets are links to video's that xlr8 shot today!!!!
I give and give, but she just doesn't appreciate it
I love "blue valentine" I could watch over and over again...m, m Ryan Gosylin!!!
the number.
"Great question! We're us."
When will we hear Mitt Romney Today again proved he's a liar by saying... On the "liberal" #msm news? call it like it is! #mitt2012 liar
What should i do? I don't know I just want ladies in my presence because cuddles are awesome. so impossible
Hello Keiko, what are you doing on this week's Bones? Did O'Brien take Molly for the week?
i miss hangin out wit the loonies.... im gettin xtra drunk 4 u
David Klevan from Holocaust Museum speaking virtually via Google Hangouts in
Oh, Court!! You're the best! Thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> RT: “: good luck today girlie!! You're gonna do great!”
Hey, I think our premiums are going down already.
Just witnessed an impressive display of stacking as the Depository couriers loaded 88 Hollinger boxes onto their dollies.
Doing some upgrading with your income tax return- Prefinished Tiete Chestnut 3-1/4" is one you should consider.Amazing grain & tones
let's make some magic today
I'll ping you when I'm done.
You'll be with me..then you'll leave and be with the next but you'll still be thinking about me...
How to lie w/statistics? My students need to learn to tell the truth w/statistics first. #papergradinghell #twitterstorians #yes,Cooper
Ever seen a Tundra with a U-Haul for its U-Haul? I swear I could open a mobile shoe store. We might find Hoffa in all this.
Happy Birthday!
Who loves the passive voice? I do. Screw those sentences with clearly stated agents
I'm hungry & I can't find the fucking bread to make a sammicg!! -_-
RT : I appreciate the unique being that you are. There is nobody else in this world exactly like you.
RVD is the Champ, what do you Think about him back in wrestling? Is he one of the Last real legends still wrestling?
IKR btw I actually had a thought about u in biology today
Sorry, folks...putting a picture next to a number does not an infographic make. It's gotta ADD something to the UNDERSTANDING.
"In time, a leaf upon a barren tree will grow." GREAT TM NEWS COMING SOON!
yeah I'm good babes
Ouch. My best friend once got a splinter in her tongue. But she had a good excuse because it came from her saxophone reed.
good seeing yall!
Awesome day today, mostly cus of #SandersSunday gave me a shoutout :D <21
Games r important it seems - standing room only at session: "Games: Creating Connections to Collections" #aam2012 hope someone tweets out
Hard drive failed this AM. We're rebuilding, but the service is slow in the meantime. Working on pushing out some improvements.
I know I'm your little girl... But don't you at least Want me happy :(?
"What makes you think I want you again?"
I passed a little girl in wal-mart who would be PERFECT to play Katniss's daughter. I hope she isn't scared by my staring o.o
“Ditto to : Happy Thanksgiving! Congrats my fellow winners "
your amazing :) will u follow back? <3
Check your DMs moocher RT : the ostraka and which clay tablets are on display in the hott cases?
Come on hoch #royals keep us in the game. The only hole in our line up now is our future cleanup hitter
because today is Thursday so you write about different throwbacks duuh
Some big Syrahs
40 days of school left. 36 days of GSA. 42 days till graduation. And 8 days till prom.
on now. Listen for the Playlist & hear about a scary trend in medicine. (No, Bruce isn't becoming a doctor.)
How come gets a helmet and I do not. *points up* I have a pretty head.
I encourage you to go to the Red Line meeting and express your viewpoint.
i hate how when i'm trying to make videos my mom is to busy watching like america's got talent and then Just says "Will ya Shut The Hell up"
ha! Thank you! Narcoleptic hipsters will hunt you down now!
We are ready to prove it!
I'm guessing it has to do with combining family friendly nature of parades & the bar scene.
ahh finally on sirius radio :D this excites me!
I think we can all agree its the god damn best
Thank you for reading & sharing! RT : Thanks for writing great content!
Life is a midget so try to live it up
hi, Carl!
seriously!! Not cool haha
Its time! Hell in a cell match, Shawn Michael's, Undertaker, and Triple H!
Can't wait! RT
I do it like Nike, I'm psychic, I know you like it run up in your ass then I dash like a hyphen
jk my brothers are cute all the other kids are annoying
Check out #powerplate at Power Fit Studios Miami and feel the benefits. Your first class if free. +info powerfitstudios.com
Fire up liverpool.
Don't we all ;)
Having an open casting for our new network in Hollywood Fl all ages all talent email
despite a short nap too! Sent some adorableness to you via email. Or tried anyway
Josh "The Little Cowboy" Tomlin escapes trouble in the first with only giving up 1 run with the bases loaded and no outs.
UPDATE---Secret Stall Tues@ Sonic #Baltimore -50% off if park in lucky stall-hints given all day-Hint3- now either stall 10,11,12, or 13
I loved already, but I just tried the chocolate flavor for the first time. Mind-blowing! It's like guilt-free chocolate cake batter <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
maybe you can't criticize him for dead $$ but how about blowing the draft with a costly trade/reach: A. Smith.
rumur this girl is now shaying its
how old are u?
Life is dream..
We love the feedback, keep em' coming!
Thinking of writing a counter list to Pitchfork's albums of the decade. I know, useless/problematical exercise, but I'm a sucker for lists.
so loved that you could join our Mommy's night. LOVE the new look!
Coconut water tastes... unpleasant. Watermelon water: now THAT is refreshment.
The Nike commercial where the athletes are duplicated/ repeated all in a line is phenomenal.
Why do I let dumb boys get in the way of my dreams, boy's are never my number one priority.. singing is. <3
Bet. holla at me
He, or she, who controls the perception of history determines the interpretation of reality for a culture, nation, or person!
If the hospitals don't need the money, end the tax, don't just give it to the billionaire for his playpen.
Hello, just joining in. Love Welchs...when we run out of our own. ;)
Tonight Woodfish performing @ Sullivan Hall in NYC! CD Release. Ages 18+, Under 18 with an adult. 8:30
haha thanks, I think?
Hey and thank you! Been a long time - hope all is well!
#thingsbetterthanpaulsboutique the shit I took this morning.
Just received the first text message ever from my Dad. Welcome to the 21st century Peter. Next, Twitter?
did you see the pic of us from GSLIS After Dark? my, we are handsomes.
Really glad my friend from made it here, too.
Bout to be back to life and reality next week
i hate how people are all obsessed with drugs and smoking&what not. i plan to spend my life doing many other greater things.
Especially a fast lefty. Thanks Bruce.
I LOVE MY FOLLOWRS . CAN YOU FOLLOW ME ?
Likely no DRose or Deng tonight! No worries!!
going 2 start getting ready for church then NO INTERNET for me the rest of the day, lol all about my babygirl 2DAY! lol
super good over here. Tell everyone hello-hi in a super cool way that I would do it :-)
hit yu on the hip
Glad to have rediscovered my stash of Snickers ice cream bars in the work freezer.
Out of Ice Cream. OH NO!
She's fantastic! We love working with her!
My new haircut is in my new profile pic. I got bangs this time.
": loving this, whose paper or talk are you tweeting?" Marcus Boon, then Eric Lott.
lol still? Just getting started
You can outdistance that which is running after you but not what is running inside you.
This time next year I will be 1 day away from being a married woman! So crazy and so unbelievably exciting :)
Campers are writing their rough drafts of their sripts
when's the next time you'll be in chicago?
Would you like to be interviewed for whytheyteach.com I don't have any interviews from Austrailia yet. You would be the first !
I LOVE MILEY CYRUS, ANY PROBLEM!? I DON'T CARE! ;)
I want to watch movies with Luly.
An earth just rocked #Baltimore!!
RT: - We rocked our demo for and should know whether we made it through sometime next week!
I didn't get any fabulous job offers this weekend, so I guess I'll be back to killing things tomorrow. I'm a songwriter - not a killer. POO
Enjoyed "Purple Haze" by Jimi Hendrix on Pandora
Peter Bishop is so hot, he gives the earth itself an erection.
Off to Louisiana for a month
GO TO IT! Bittner is too! And you pick.....
Save 10% Today on the Full, Half, or 5K w/ Referral Code LaborDay! Please share this w/ friends. See you in Nov! www.monumentalmarathon.com
Haha oh I am totally with you man :-P. I can never remember to take a water container with me anymore.
Enjoying a nice 'Punchin the Nuts Amber ale' with at Rocky River Brewing Co. Funny name...damn good beer!
What crew is performing right now??
My gosh Crabtree is busy! Christmas is over people.
We could see him snap at the cameraman on TV. Kept asking him "you got enough" and "I'm trying to watch the game". Jerk.
I love you, Like alot. You don't know because i don't want to get hurt.
RT : First 100 guests to Opry Mills get a free cooler bag with yogurt and treat purchase.
I am expecting 2012 to be a great year for music. New albums from , , , and
Blonde at heart RT "You know how some people were born the wrong gender? I'm like that with my hair color"
Mitt Romney addresses AIPAC conference in Tampa.
Google+ is quickly becoming the network of the raging Android fan.
Come on QuickBooks, need you back online.
duh duh duh
Instead of having your sandwich on white bread, try using whole wheat pita bread instead :)
“: I just called in a years commitment. heard you Sun AM & was moved by this cause” thank u!!
I only have one heart so if I am to give it to you all I ask is that you use it wisely...
An amazing weekend. We should do this more often! #MSSymposium Thanks
DO WHAT "YOU" WANNA DO NOT WHAT OTHERS WANT YOU TO DO
Wake up! ..and go to Church- InSpotter mobile app
which one is your favorite?
In honor of #Thanksgiving here is some important vocab, turkey- large gallinaceous bird with fan-shaped tail; widely domesticated for food
RT : Dreaming of owning your own yacht? Then come and check out our fantastic yacht ownership deals at the
For the next hour, ask any question in this post and we will answer! ***PLEASE KEEP QUESTIONS APPROPRIATE AND RELEVANT TO THE JAM! GO!
Watching my dad try to tie his tie >>>
Gorgeous Colorado Day!! High 50s sunshine and blue skies. TGIF!!
true. I just see a lot of similarity in Tannehill and Dennis Dixon. Great at drills. I wish him well.
I will be studying from now until Monday. #finals <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
lmbo go to bed
wuv you too!!!
T.G.I.F.! Follow some awesome local #Fridays supporters :)
'76 Light Blue Chevy Half Ton pulling an Aristocrat travel trailer
Is there a reason why a man and another man can't elope?
I hurt my finger in my door and it hurts reall bad!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
I LOVE YOU!
it's finals week =\ but Christmas break is soon and I'll be on here all the time! :)
#Kansas or #Missouri? Who do ya got?
“: saw the interview on a lot of us are excited about your product!” Thanks for checking us out!
I promised myself I would not tweet anything about Caribbean men...gonna be hard in light of this story with Lauryn.
Thanks buddy! I'll pass their information on...
I should probably be studying for the math quiz, but I'm scared I'm just gonna confuse myself more than I already have.
How many times can Eric Church be nominated for new artist? Every year?
once you leave it wont come back to you, you must walk to it
Man what a night! Good morning
oh I know. Thought it was an excellent point wanted to make sure my followers got it.
Don Fraser~ A happy home is one in which each spouse grants the possibility that the other may be right though neither believes it.
I'm sick bro. And apparently twitter is allowing anyone on twitter now a days. Let's get the sweep today
They block web sites in kuwait
Simple kindness to one’s self and all that lives is the most powerful transformational force of all.” David Hawkins
dude ik! But she's just jealous of you.
you know what I have? A civil war victory, boom.
Just buzzed out.... means more money at 5pm :)
... wow! Even tweeting about bacon works! He's awake! That is much less work.
It just don't feel right! DROSE
I think I reached a new level of fitness today. I could tire myself out.
I caught a glimpse of that HUGE Mercedes-Benz logo on the ceiling of the of the Superdome, pretty impressive.
Like.... Hell
Tuffy Auto Services Center they do good work!
RT : great song! I liked it. -----Thank you so much! We like YOU too:)
Finally made it back from a week in the London airport NIGHTMARE!
Working on our weekly #miami restaurant reviews! #delicious!
You're on team #optout too?
Oh? I'm interested... Does Jorge know him?
This week is gonna be nuts! We're gonna be open Weds-Saturday with Knife Party, Calvin Harris,Steve Aoki, and yes LIL JOHN!
it pales to don Henleys classic record containing sunset grille, boys of summer, all she wants to do is dance...ahhmazing¡
Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat
Just put an email out to my guys for #KRec2012, #throwbacks may have 3 squads
Yeah right after 5th period. Dylan had to ask me if I was okay cause I couldn't stop saying OH MY GOD and beating my locker.
NY area hockey fans excited for Game 1 tonight at MSG. #NYR vs #Devils. 1 NY area team will reach Cup Finals
I need a new Twitter bio. Something short and funny. If I like your idea ill use it but I'm going to delete your tweet and take credit
Students from BMYA show that caring + digital media can be a powerful thing!
I would like to learn more if thats ok with you.
Eating breakfast with my colleagues at Memorial Herman ;-)
And I Mean Dat; Da Person I Claim As My Mama Dead. Trice Aint Nevaa Did Shit Fa Me Or My 6 Sistas And 4 Bros. Fuck A MDay Gift Fa Ha.
Not sure, probably during the summer.
372 pages down, 64 to go.
hey darling, what's up?!
I&#39;ve been tagged « One Inch of Grace
My Sis is so lucky..
Is it wrong that I'm enjoying #juryduty?
Sometimes I find austin hot, then cute, then just don't... weird!
I think every pool should have a DJ
yep, you end up with Google, Intel, Apple, etc
Computers generate basic stories. -who cares about the inverted pyramid if computers run the show? - let's do STORIES!
Sporting' new shades this weekend
Thanks for the follow! We'll need a lot of follows, retweets, likes and shares in the coming months. Your support means a lot.
might be that a "Christ French Toast" is more traditional in terms of sacred breakfasts, yes?
I was always attracted to female athletes.
We officially have a twitter page. Follow us & we will follow back. There's already talk of 2012 Fringe. Stay tuned for details.
everyone stay off the road
I will go nuts if a Kardashian wins the Mega Millions tonight
Working hard with our new SEO partner - Viking SEO. Excited to optimize some great small business websites.
Light please light please turn off the lights
Christian - what new? When is your proposal coming? :) follow u pretty close. Glad things are well!
It's not love that hurts. What hurts is being hurt by someone you love.
I always re-open those blue mail boxes to make sure the letter actually went down.
Just saw my cc bill earlier =( that and student loans? Jeez the life of a #college grad! At least I have $1 drinks with our
Dear oral surgeon... Please don't hurt me today...
#berba deserves better. Especially when welbeck & chicarito suck ass! I said last year lil pea is flash in pan. Sell him!
Same reaction I had. It's the nfl, if it doesn't work out, they cut him. No big loss. But still a bunch of ability there.
Hi cutie pie!
700th goes out to my suite that i miss so much and love so dearly
hey neil!
“: How about them Kings got that W last night” they did that!!
Cool cool.
Thank God for another day!
whatever. Thanks for that
Steve Blake had a wide open shot.... I'm gonna tip my hat to Thabo and his guys for the defensive effort.
Dreading practice today.....and tomorrow....and the next day.....but hopefully having the weekend off will be worth all this work!
« I considered sitting out a semester..»me too or at least going part time
followed, follow back?
Small businesses seem just as bad at replying to Twitter mentions as they are emails. So short sighted - it's kinda sad.
So they're like the Wizard of Oz? Amar'e has no heart. J.R has no brain. FIelds has no courage.
#APtest in T-minus 4 days...
TRAFFIC ALERT: I-90 EB - RIGHT LANE WILL BE CLOSED NEAR MM 163 (EDGERTON) DUE TO A VEHICLE FIRE. USE CAUTION.
Lol RT : women need a reason to have sex , men just need a place.
it is a beautiful day for some good times tonight at veranda nyc....
"There are no mistakes on Fridays - Only missed happy hours." We'll see you at Tallulah Crafted Food and Wine Bar
Invest your time wisely, for it will affect your quality of life 5 years from now
I haven't seen in almost a week :(
Move to Oklahoma City, nothing ever happens here.xD
- This Rack City Song Gets Annoying Ass Fuck . ! *
Remember Spring Farm Tour May 19 & 20
Jus figured out I have food poisoning... This shit is for the birds, i mean really cant shit get any worse at this point...
What is self-image? Who started talking about one? I rather fancy it was Madison Avenue. – Madeline L'Engle, US novelist
Just got tapped to facilitate a discussion on "assessment in instruction" for a consortium-wide meeting. Time to relisten to ALI Episode 11!
Blown away by the passion & dedication of the #NoKidHungry #Arkansas team. Their impact this #summer is going to be HUGE
Thanks for the #FollowFriday !
I'm pretty tired of Peggy. Is there another middle-aged, argyle-clad, Eastern European man with a quasi-fro that I can speak to?
Just goes for it. I like it. Good luck, my man RT Not on twitter, in real life. Thanks Racquel.
Don't work to make money .. make money by working to do what others don't do!
Maybe the reason that they were slow to release the name of the DART shooter in Richardson was the bystander killing, possibly by an officer
payback's a bitch.
I want a corn dog >_<
ok love!!!
Cool, my group just scheduled another meeting on the worst times…
awww my door county getaway doesn't start til July. Jealousy :-/
RT : When you choose to forgive those who have hurt you, you take away their power.
is #amazing and I was #speechless when I listened to someone like you!
Got an hr of sleep. I now know my dog gets up really late 2 scratch her back obnoxiously on carpet and run up the stairs a few times
No doubt fam. How you been? : thanks for peeping it fam!!
omg I feel so dumb.. and I'm not around any internet so I can't delete it..
My 08 friends, what would the equivalent stakes be in hu cash 75/150 08 compared to 27td or holdem? Trying to negotiate terms of hu match...
Korver's unconscious
I had great workouts this week. I keep getting stronger as I get older. Turning 40 in July, doesn't bother me one bit : )) Charge !!!
Thanks following
Thanks Pedro!
Also sad is our media, who were once activists cannot muster the will to stay on topic for more than 5 tweets or 72 hrs.
Holy crap!!!!
Nah. I get a #BeautyandtheBeast feel since I watched the original series back in the 80s. Kids today. ;-)
My ass is in so much pain right now.
I loved watching u nd your daughter dis episode I hope u named the dog sparkle lol
Wish he had answered Braun questions directly, though I'm not surprised that he didn't. Wish more questions were allowed, too.
: Hi There! I hear you are working on some 'Weather' related #LinkedData? What's up? /cc
#madmen tonight!
Hall: need to look at the southern movement itself to challenge the popular narrative - a range of issues happening
You know I love me some YoGa
great meeting you too! was very impressed by your walking backwards while taping yesterday!
The course also features business and energy lectures and field trips to the Electric Edison Institute and the Covanta Fairfax Power Plant.
How do you get kicked in the head when you have your hands ready to block. That guy deserved to get knocked out.
yeah, Joan Rivers.
#Follow our Prez/Founder => <=
BAHHAHAHHA! SILLY CHELSEA!
The part where the monstars get their powers is still scary.
Any of our followers have a use for a 2007 Standard 32x44" Clamshell die cutter with Heat? I have pics and video. Email .
I want to go! That sounds so fun--can't wait to see you and catch up!
the quality or condition of being humble
I love my
Follow? (: PLEASE <3
I'm up and need to go to the store for shampoo.
- show the evidence
looking good!
just ate a sub my mom bought me....from SUBWAY! haha subway da best, jealous? LOL
just finished a tracking session in the #castle , best room in atlanta guaranteed
yeah u know looking gud
Try our veggie chef special, The Grinch's Veggie today!
Steven Kotler is #extraordinary. Enjoy his humor and tales of his personal adventures as you learn to push your limits
I around!
You can close your eyes to the things you do not want to see, but you cannot close your heart to the things you do not want to feel.
I'm not liking this work on Sundays deal...
Hard decisions are plaguing my life right now :(
Tonight should be fun
jones or rashad?
American Idol is having a rough night.
me e e...when r u gonna bring it to work in a duffle bag
Pico de GAP is selling 2 tacos and a soda for $1.69!! They're at wilshire/fairfax! Big promo for their new store "1969" in LA!
Just crossed over thr #michigan state line :) almost home!!!
"Unlike the Heat, the Bulls know how to beat good teams." Lol. SportsCenter crackin me up.
hush you got school tomorrow
Lol as long as you still love me!
Stevie Wonder, performing live right now at Whitney's service - watch and chat with fellow fans on Zenlive.tv
I'm going to stay positive about this morning and keep things in perspective.
HuliHealth comes from the Hawaiian word “huli” meaning “to flip over” Our mission is to improve global healthcare & to turn it upside down.
I think you are amazing!
I believe instagram pictures will be to us what those red tinted pictures were to our parents....#throwback!
there's a reason i havnt been on twitter its all good though playoffs
I love you to <3
Style hair&off to work,you ladies know where 2 find me if wanting me for something when done work,if so stop by&let me know
the mall prolly closes at like 9
I feel ya! RT": i always feel so stressed but so productive at the end of the semester."
#MORETHANTHIS 5 MINUTES AND IM NOT HOME OKAY
I remember now!
I know a guy who's addicted to brake fluid. He says he can stop any time.
Bwahahahahhaa! Laughing out loud at newest youtube video stay tuned!!
hey uh ou know ah just uh message each other. No body wants to see that uh flirtation on twiiiiter. -jako<7
Thanks for the #FF, !
I hate pants.
take your time & do things right..
We're open 24 hours a day at www.choiceeating,com, for your Holiday shopping convenience.
So the new OT rules still haven't impacted a game yet
yeah I know:) think you should follow my tumblr
I foolishly had pasta for lunch. I think I'm feeling a bit slee
from the demented side (all of) her brain. Life at our house was, is singing, dancing, prancing non stop nonsense.
love you
Maybe can add a Dark and Stormy to the menu? I'm sure they'd have a great take on the warm weather classic!
Glad and stopped over to hangout tonight! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
let me get your old xbox brah
OMGoodness, can't wait til my step-son #prom(May 23rd) &my lil sister #prom(June 6th)..I'm geeked up tA be a part of their days...all love!
This summer gonna be just amazing <3
had a great time hosting the event on blog, thanks to everyone for coming out! Taking tonight off from the reg show, see ya'll next Sunday!
be yourself and others will respect you
How 'bout a follow back bro? Supporting 24/7.
Just made the best salad ever!!!! :)
Great minds. tweeted a quote from that article yesterday.
Check my Twitter Bckgrnd. Shows broncos, not #15. I HOPE (pray?!) I'm wrong on both #15 and #18. History says I'm not.
House of Delegates gives preliminary approval to income tax bill but big fight could come tomorrow.
You're going to create an on-set romance : ) Have an awesome rehearsal!
I want another one of those ASAP.
We got us a couple of country bumpkins on #16&Preg I always question these situations when the parents let the kids live together.
At IKEA, nightmare!!! Way to many ppl!!!!
me either, we better get on that!
this is the first time in four months that i am working on something other than the campaign i just launched. very refreshing!
Thanks for checking it out!
Looking forward to our community meeting tonight with L&I, our 24th Police District reps & reps from Councilwoman
I would burn for once -__-
-- incredible. Everyone must listen to them immediately. Preferably while wearing jams in warm Tuscon weather.
Dez Bryant is a loaded weapon! He deserves more looks
good morning. Wishing you both a great Friday!
- without precisely knowing the danger, do you think it's time to crack each other's heads open and feast on the goo inside?
Feels so good outside:)
=good but also BHO has a lot more,intelligence,guts,insight,wisdom&more
email me that joint bro so I can gon knock it out
nun hoopn n work
In fairness, you can't really call what Billy Crystal did "blackface," on him it's more like "black neckface."
I told you Superman bitch ..
I am Broadway Producer!! At Godspell in New York. Excited!!
Can't sleep. I need a remedy.
Happy New Year to everyone.
you're going to do a lot of murderin'
Ah, I have this constant fear of sneezing while driving. I just hate it so much!
I feel like my limbs are 1000 lbs each.
Shock, surprise, terror, and forlornness
you gotta keep it up and hold it down. Do what u do man!
try copy editing people!
just caught myself driving with my knees, arms folded.
Glorious sunny day 's INCOGNITO 2nd Opportunity sale from 11a-2p. All artworks $350. $10 admission; free for SMMoA members. Come over!
#HallieDay has made the final 24 of #AmericanIdol!!! The singer won #Baltimore Idol last year, and was sent to audition by
say less smirf ima rut you !!
Having dinner with my Dad! Its great to spend time with family! Good night
Add some personality to your Twitter bio to increase chances of peeps following you back says
make a small disc. make a new layer. make a big disc. animate. tweens the two layers. watch a choppy growing disc!
He looks like a youngen... haha I don't like him though
control+z to get out of the process, then bg to send it to run in the background.
Welcome Back, NBA.
Hey , informs me you won our Fantasy NASCAR this week... Congrats!
the rock is so cool coming through Ktown!
Early on, so many people had given up on the Lions. Glad that they proved everyone (including me) wrong!
How many MS you need to have to figure out the blind tasting test
See, I never trust a man that goes back on his word. I bet you don't even have a lawyer, chump. You just a coward. Period.
- let's hope so. The only thing lacking from Iron Man 1&2 is an actual good villain.
hope it's a Blast! :)
Ky. counties building ambu-buses for disasters
What do you want us to discuss on oue show next week? You tweet, we discuss. Get blunted with us.
95 days until I move!
This week in golf, at a glance The PGA Tour's HP Byron Nelson Championship and the LPGA's Sybase Match Play Championship highlight the we
BTW - Why is KMart in my twitter feed?
let me kno what I can do to pump this movement you got going
My entire body hurts. I don't want to go to work today. :(
I can see that, I am wondering if we are getting figured out a bit
I grew up loving Bop and Tiger Beat in the 1980s! Thank you for being a part of my childhood!
Last puppy class with Jackson. He 'graduates' today. Then I get to go to work and deal with graduation of UVA. Oh what fun....not
keep your metabolism revved. muscle trumps fat for calorie burning—add more, burn more
What about Baker Field (Columbia U.)?
Eating a dinner.
well i am lucky to have cool parents haha. sorry you got in trouble
I just couldn't bring myself to watch it this year
Stuck in traffic
Whether 1 or 33 passengers, whether airport, corporate event or special occasion, visit www.transaccent.com to book your limo!!
“Receive Jesus today with respect and thanksgiving.”
As you watch the mud-slinging political ads, your best choice is to vote for the lesser of two evils, which still screws you in the end.
blackened tilapia at target cafe? This is Webster we're talking about
Are we getting donuts first? Also, do you want to come to dinner? I have to make pop tarts & the guys are grilling
Want to partner with us? We're looking for an animated video? Want to work together?
Who, eat your heart out Aaron Rodgers.
I call her and her ass tweeting
Gorgeous day today, why not enjoy a Hibiscus iced tea with a cup of Curried Pea soup with Mint and a Spinach & Beet salad
If women ruled the world,there wouldn't be any wars, but a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.
Let us not forget the meaning of Memorial Day. Let us honor those who died for our country and those men and women today who protect it.
My eyes are getting heavy. It's about that time.
sorry if i seem like im in a funky mood but i think me and my husband r splitting up...now what? go crazy???
it sounds cool, right? I'm going at 3PM on Friday. You?
both are horrible
Wish me a broken leg, opening night of Arsenic and Old Lace under way!
I'm tryin to get a hold of Kirby!! How bad does it need touched up bro? It was pretty vibrant last time I saw it..
RT : helps fight human trafficking in California, please share with others and endorse
Thursday works for me! noon?
Email me at , and I'll get you a sign. Thanks!
and yall two can talk face to face so you can explain to him that you don't like comments like jail is amazing
Why does this happen?! :'(
It's so awful that you lost your precious dog. Hugs and prayers.
Harry Potter at 10 in the morning? Today shall be good.
oh cool. I thought I was still in old lady mode and missed a new phrase. So I guess I'm an L7 too. Hot mama days have past.
I bet 20$ that if Hitler or the Columbine killers just hit some sour both jncidents coula been avoided.
I know there is one in san antonio...thats where i eat longhorns...lol BUT i am NOT in san antonio, thats why i said what i said
#Chip just ran the #blur offense on the media less than 12 hours from start to end
With his talent level, shouldn't they be worth one-half?
"But a secret archive is not the same as an archive of secrets." Where/what is that other archive here? Is it speakable?
Happy Birthday to ! You're one hell of a friend, love you! Have a good one!
and I should do a song together...I just gotta learn how to rap first
Spain is really beautiful, which part you wanna go? Summer time is perfect for going to Spain.
If you are a member of the Secret Service and enjoy the company of prostitutes be certain not to be cheap and selfish.
Love this is so wonderful!!!!!!<U+2665><U+2665>
We'll have our weekly hula show on March 12, at 1 p.m., with Hui Lanakila.
I feel great bud... I napped all day while you were on the road...
A little late there isn't T? I should have seen your check in down by the river by now
how close to combat boots do you want them to look like?
Looking for someone to help sell my Get Work as an #Actor Seminar to colleges. If interested - contact me .
It's ironic how we ignore those who want us, want those who ignore us, love those who hurt us, and hurt those who love us
i see u like grayson
At Bentley U
Jacob Latimore is another boy that is HOT almost ICONic HOT but not really.
Bigamy is having one wife too many. Monogamy is the same.
girl, yes. lol 4 days stuck in bed is no bueno, especially when the sun is out
hmm not that I heard. But I was on other stuff today. Glenn might have followed up on it.
Go Louisville Cardinal Birds!
Mahomies please follow this awesome girl :) she need more followers kay :)
I want wings but I don't wanna be fat.
Oomf is a ticking time bomb.
MWP is gonna have a great game!
I often sit in front of an Apple store and think the history of technology and see how little people are able to know. Checkbooks ready!
EORZ might be one to watch.....
I can't remember how we got it but I *had* to give it to my aunt, mom-of-my-black-cousin-&-grandma-of-a-black-baby - but she
I agree!
"regular show" is freakin awesome!
Twitter is broken. :C Life has no meaning afterall.
That awesome moment when you buy a bag of air and the company was nice enough to put some chips in it
every game?? He miss too many bunnies
Please subscribe to me on YouTube at LaurenxxxPink
Hold on for a rough Monday...RT : Japanese stocks fall sharply; Nikkei Average down 2.8% -
Yes, so I can finally return the copy you so selflessly lent me. Thanks again!
HAHAHAHA! Oh my gosh xD I can't even remember what I used to look like!
you are the company you keep. guess that makes YOU a moron.
Java Developers and Architects needed. Send resumes to
n we gotta take a group pic so they can send it to da media
Aw so u hate sleepin alone huh? So wen u called I bet I didnt pick up that phone huh? U get my text sayin I didnt fall asleep on my own huh?
brought a jacket and umbrella to work today in case it rains, guess where they are: IN THE CAR! and it's raining. SWIFT.. very SWIFT.
Happy Leap Day!! What's everyone doing with their extra day??
oh cool. I thought it was cosmo, sorry about that.
Have gone from having Inspector Gadget theme stuck in my head to "I've been workin' on the railroad". Not sure which is worse.
Rough cut is done! Now the fun part--fixing, focusing, pacing. Getting real creative. Starts today. Man, I'm jacked!
so pissed we are leaving for Maryland earlier in the day. You sticking around Cleveland Sherrod??
Attachs divide if you are not grounded in your decisions.
We challenged Don Redman to a #debate. He accepted. Lulz. More details to follow. Stay tuned... #COJ #Jax #OneManShowDon #occupyjax #99%
it. Was i never wanted to wake up ): haha hopefully soon itll come true
Last tweet was a little too controversial for a RT from Stevie, might of ended up on sportscenter
#youknowyoughetto when u bu $5 dollars worth of gas
Take off the STAR TREK googles Levar!!
j'aime ce chanson. Mais je n'ai pas plus que ce chanson. Feel free to share other good songs!
i want u too follow mee
Getting ready for this day game at GABP see you all after the game. <U+270C>
"Guilt sucks".
The United Arab Emirates is home to the 2nd-highest concentration of global retailers in the world, following the U.K, reports CBRE
I rather they did nothing if that's the case. They need a legit right handed bat & maybe another starter
Having a healthy lunch at FreeFoods before today's work out. Don't know what to have though, all their stuff is so yummy but healthy :)
Local food sales estimated to be $4.8B in 2008, and projected to climb to $7B in 2011 (USDA-ERS report)
Thank you for considering us my dear! Cheers, Alex
yo I'ma go till later on, I had to come home after school
#FF A true professional who doesn't providing expert advice!
Haha it's fine, I probably would have acted the same way c:
thanks Doug !!!
I didn't want to stop txtin him
.O I LIKE COOLKID
": Gamel better be ok." He's probably out for his career
what a delightful way to live....i think i'm gonna go climb a tree or something.
Text me! I have to get off soon.786 477 3727~
still worth packing a snowball, though :)
Now entering the post Salt Lick meat sweats.
The Port of San Diego board approved the donation of a bronze version of "Unconditional Surrender." The donors still need to raise the $
I just called it 'the most profound tweet ever': "The Iraq war is over" - President Obama. Your thoughts?
Hey #Bestie!! getting some meeting notes ready for Wed. How are you doing
oh shit my girlfriend in that thang
you don't want none of this!
Caps game tonight? We’ll be there, hoping you’ll win a chance to get in the DC Lottery’s Money Machine and grab all the cash you can!
I love watching the Cat In the Hat!:-) one of my fav movies
So sad... probably scarred for life.
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
i was shocked when i seen the picture of him smoking though.
I'm not sure. I gotta look at my schedule. I don't have it with me atm.
So proud of my SBC sister, Ms Jamie Brown!! She's an example that there's NO EXCUSES for ANYONE... Jamie is hard of hearing, stands as...
Thanks, Martin!!
God Korn were so good in the 90s
Dear Bing Maps. TYVM for being better than Google Maps. GFY for losing my work. Now I have to waste a whole 'nother hour proctrastinating.
/// And you niggas wonder why Madlib, Flying Lotus, Dibia$e, Black Milk, Exile and them are so rare & authentic....
Been to #Indianapolis for a #meeting, #convention, or #tradeshow lately? What did you enjoy most about the city? Tweet us !
Need to listen to "in your room" by Depeche Mode. Such a great song from a timeless album.
Well thought about getting Starbucks this morning, but instead ima buy a dub :o
"I must got down to the sea again, the lonely sea and the sky, and all I need is a tall ship, and a strong wind to steer her by"
Ha, I got that kinda loving to keep you off the streets.
On my way hold the bottles.
I support and his goal to get campaign finance laws put into place.
Is Diet Citrus Green Tea different in the new bottle? Why does it taste different to me?
Quality lunch with Sergio. I had the best grilled cheese of my life :) TGIF
DO! I would advise starting your research with #Lecrae and #Flame314. Two of my favs.
I think Rhianna and Tyga should date.
Taylor Gang or choke urself with a Brian Pumper chain.
There's more of a job to do than just a view on YouTube
my class ends at 5:15--what's the time difference?
OK! We will live like KINGS!
IDEAS FROM SCRATCH! WE WILL WORK IT OUT FOR YOU FROM OUR FREE QUOTES! EMAIL:
#telljimmy - Jimmy is always spot on with great coaching
ahh whatever. U will after this season. Thats if Jeremy Lin doesn't steal the show! lol
The only person whose behavior we can control is our own. ~Glasser
Apparently they put on the 3 goggles in that last timeout.
these pics could be Anytown, USA
Gov. Jerry Brown proposed cuts to poor kids & disabled as part of his plan to eliminate a $26.6 billion deficit.
before i married her she was like that.. but she's not really.. that type of girl that does that
Bill Maynard & Tom Champoux Heart, Soul and Spirit
Woman just don't have a G-spot...they have a G-Spot, A-Spot and U-Spot.
My expectations were surpassed.
2 more days until my vacation starts. I have all of next week to get a Sony Publishing deal or something. I NEED it. Songs are wasting.
Duh! Newt.
so is kinda like the blair witch project except even more boring and even more fucking stupid/terrible/full of bullshit.
Free thinkers are dangerous;)
RT : ...will be live-blogging via both AND my own through tomorrow at #DF11 <Will be paying attention ^ME>
"You can't defend a city with no army," Carmen Trutanich says of city attorney's budget.
Driving around Marion with the little sis. Blasting in the heights!!
I am currently the following: excited, tired, anxious, exhausted, jumpy, sleepy, off & on. I'm not the following: here right now.
Phil Huges tonight for Yankees. Will he give us a positive going into Boston??
We have NOTHING TO DO with John Harrison!! NOBODY that is here now had ANYTHING to do with his exploits!
T has changed its handle! From to Follow us there for all things stylish.
: I am unreliable and go through spurts.
Only in America...
how cool would it be if TAP toured with Mariana's Trench? -abbie
hahah yeah & that's why I do hurdles & long jump!!
Live-tweeting my angst: creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creeping, creepi
I've been living in this apartment for 2 months and I am now finally settled and completely unpacked in my bedroom. Home sweet home!
I'm so distracted by all the lovebugs flying around outside my widow, attached in their mating ritual & drunkenly careening around.
I havent givin up yet and i never will. im waiting for that special day when u finally notice me. :)
Chris, one shot gets you faded lol
I find you get a lot more good ideas looking outside of your field. There are lots of good ideas from from business.
Editors! Looking for feature doc editor for Email reel to . Paid gig, shoots summer. cc:
Great news.
Jeff Beeler () has shared a Tweet with you: "eBidjob: RT : will be on the live tonight at 9p…
Really need to do something about this fireball of rage I woke up with in my guts. Taking suggestions.
And Susan Forscher Weiss's paper/multimedia show/bacchic feast marvelously demonstrated the syncretic work of alchohol and song
OMG I gotta do my math homework.. like now -_-
Big waves and rip tides at the beach on LBI, but otherwise, a gorgeous day. The surfers are ecstatic.
Thanks! Contact about doing a piece for Productive Magazine.
yeah, u probably right! Plus no paparazzi!
Wow, I like UNC's chances of getting to the FF.
i get upset every time I see your profile photo. Put a shirt on man.
Thanks! I thought so too. The signs were a good idea :)
my girl down at the track runnin' thangs...
get with He wants details for you to mix & master his music!! Holler at him...
O your welcome
Happy Kuumba (Creativity)! Do something fun & creative for NYE!
Oh Lord.. Really, Publix for a topic?! LMAO!!!
Deff just got like fucking attacked by a snake walking home with
It'll be the same thing tomorrow..
In Ann Arbor, accident on NB 23 north of Washtenaw Avenue. Four fire trucks. Not sure of the back-up. Anyone know?
exciting!!! Cant wait to see it!
good times last night! next time we'll need to remember to go with the filtered Chardonnay ;)
Gather up all products in your house or garage that contain unsafe chemicals and drop off at your local hazardous waste facility.
Lucky dog you.
aw C'MON power search it for me Brian!! LOL
well best of luck to everyone. If shit hits the fan, I will supply the whiskey.
Mann I feel like death
This is how the scrub ass laker fandom felt last yr
My spirit animal is this pair of high heels I recently bought.
Is the new trend for these companies suing everybody over patents?
Yup, he's right about 80%, just goes too far sometimes
Happy Fat Tuesday all!!!!! Who wants some beads!!!!
RT : Good news, everyone! Troll 2 is on Netflix Instant!
True. “: Why on earth haven't Child Protective Services intervened on "Toddlers & Tiaras" yet? I am appalled!”
Going to have a very long workout tom. Thanks to eating like crap today :(
"Let's go, I'm hot." "But I'm wearing a sweatshirt and I'm fine." "My body temp is higher than yours." "False." "Okay Doctor X." - Francis
I love North Park News!
Shoot done! Can't wait to see the finished product.
going ok. Writing tomorrow nights show. How r u?
Thanks for following, super couple! :-)
Looking for something new & to do tonight? Join us here at Revolver at 8:30pm for our free dance lessons!
Start the day off w/ a bang and eat #breakfast w/in 1 hour of waking up. Great idea: cereal w/ 5+ grams of fiber, greek yogurt, blueberries
Just bought my husband a Sig 1911,Tact ops traditional. Nice gun!
happy new year, Darren.
Good Morning Ms. Easterly! Hope you have a wonderful day and a productive week ^_^
Early season stats show Rangers at 162-0, Beltre 0-700 with a .000 average. Win some, lose some.
Nothin like destroying a good beat
Thanks! Look for some photos next week.
Back...head...omg, you are **shot** kiddo...time to start dating a doctor.
please Stand Up and say youve got that One Thing which means you get the finalist spot. Please
Melrose Place. ;) RT : So great to run into you! Miss you tons! :)
me, earlier: OMFG SO HUNGRY. me now, after eating : omfg why do i even eat in the morning? so sick. i can't eat for 2hrs after waking.
Haha! Yeah, Afentra! Kiss her ass! Kiss it real fucking good. Slobber that shit up, coach ass on your mouf.
Omg! I haven't been on twitter all day!! i missed my tweeples. ): So how is every one day, today?!?! (:
hahahs I want to have a class with you do I could witness this hahahaha
I don't care anymore.
The WSJ and NEWS Corp. continue to slam FL Governor Charlie Crist, one of my favorite politicians. Don't listen
Merry Christmas from Canada :D
So will be chatting live during this weeks show via #facebook #ustream and twitter thanks to
Cool: marching band playing Deck the Halls. Cooler: in shorts and flip flops in the middle of Seeley, CA
Live by the three, Dye by the Three. Louisville in the final 4 as Florida goes cold from the 3 in 2nd half
Archers of Loaf show in 2011 features pretty much the same guy/girl ratio and flannel/non ratio as it did in 1993.
NEW FRESH SUPER STICKY FROSTY DANK IN: Jack Here & Trainwreck! Full Menu at www.WEEDMAPS.com Enjoy! ;)
wait how u know that need info now need info pronto need it in the morning like alonzo *tyga voice*
Discovery- Digitizing Audio. Invention - MP3 Player. Innovation - itunes/iPod.
Facebook. Is your page exclusively personal, exclusively professional, or a combination? Do you have a fan page for business use?
austin can u follow me.. i doubt u will get this tweet but if u do please folow me :D LOVE YOU <3
We're open on Monday, but you're welcome to cartwheel anyway!
7 Blue Skies @ The Haven this Sunday for Rock For Gina. Doors are at 2:00 pm. Come spend the last night on the weekend with us!
Had a good day with my baby susy now to go back to school
#wordoftheday Jocular (adj) intended for joking; facetious. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
I love to get Giordano's pizza while in Chicago.
Hate to jump in but Braves org said if they had Mo instead of #Yankees theyd won 4 Trophies
Any1 read 'The Thank You Economy' by GVaynerchuk? Amazon mixed reviews - Worth the read?Lookin 4 thought provoking info on branded community
Thanks! What an honor to work with you and the whole #edcampCincy team.
There are 3 types of workers those who get things done those who watch things get done &those who wonder how so much got done
scumbag texting while driving sign, sign looks just like a text message
We created the list because we know we have the most amazing friends out there. We're going to grow old with all of you! ;)
Don’t you worry, okay? Things will work out. We started this thing together, and that’s how we’ll finish it. –Mushu (Mulan) :)
g00d morning RT whipped coffee drinks?! Drive safely! >> either of you 2 can "whip my coffee " anytime!!
MY BDAY DINNER THIS FRIDAY MAY 18 @ HOOTERS BY WOLFCHASE MALL @ 7 !!! Come show me love please :) Let me know
A gourmet who thinks of calories is like a tart who looks at her watch. ~James Beard
David Foster Wallace begins writing "A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again" at the airport, where he has four hours to kill.
I definitely feel like that sometimes. :| Also, how are you doing? :)
saw it. Loved it.
I'm already p to 27 tweets? In 20 mintes? AH!
Our demographic is young smart and hip..An appreciation for kitsch is always welcome
get out there and live girl!
get the fried oyster PO boy!
Interesting hypothetical VIVO query: "Which papers from NIH-funded grants not [yet] in PMC?"
Thanks for the shout out!
Thank you very much ted for following me you made my day really great
finding good restaurants to follow
correct sir
I celebrate the process!
Obsessed with My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding. Ob-Sessed!
you have pointed out my flaws again as if i don't already see them
“Libraries are the one American institution you shouldn't rip off.” – Barbara Kingsolver
Thank you so much! :)
The Presidential Medal of Freedom will go to Madeline Albright, John Doar, Bob Dylan, William Foege, John Glenn, Gordon Hirabayashi...
Almost time to catch Snoop and Dre at Coachella. Word on the street is 2pac and Nate Dogg will be there too.
Game day! After last night's ugly game in dallas I'm flying home just in time for #RaptorsAtSuns. See you there
Every day they will test you...
Give peace and Candi a chance!
A special shout-out 2 the #SouthernElite fam @ Sterling who will be attending the prom 2day.
EVERYONE saw too. I just like stayed there on the ground..it was bad
its so weird how one thing can mean so much to you.
um, i did, too. what have we become?
Keep getting snail mail from vendors wanting me to visit their booth at Midwinter. Not only is it very late, I wasn't even there.
i need to escape to miami. Now.
Bad day today -.-
wits AMAZING huh?!!(:
Cleaning house, upgrading Ubuntu on 3 comps, listening to radio, drinking beer.
We've gone global! GMM has clients in Italy, Sweden, England, Scotland, and Canada. Please visit gorovmusic.com for more information.
Taking the AP Spanish test tomorrow ugh <U+E40E>
Great meetings in Beverly Hills, Vegas next than Miami next week. Too much travel this time of year.
#BobbyV what the heck were you thinking taking Dubront out of the game when he was doing a superb job? When will the Sox learn!!
shut up and text me fool.
So guess who finally downloaded the twitter app?
Hey thats lyrics!
My mom is still not completely convinced that I'm not a lesbian.
Damnit Sprint. I can't effectively brag about spending a work day at Great American if you won't load my pictures.
Thank you so much, Cindy!!
I already warned #fleetfoxes about your Taco Bell pitch. Ethereal music just doesn't gel with gordito crunch wraps.
Every time I see a lemur, I think the King from the "Madagascar" movies. =)
We don't actually carry Magic Hat #9 cans, still the bottles, (on special for 2 bucks tonight). I just like the commercial. Enjoy!...
Does anyone know what happened to Blue Moon, formerly on Hillside?
Hi Bitch
Oh you went to Peoria Packing... hm...
haha don't make me feel like a bad kid for partying on a Tuesday. But understandable.
“: Those annoying girls who always try to flirt with guys who have girlfriends. Go away” haha
I am extremely frustrated and confused.
mission statement shld be something abt preempting / foreclosing every transgressive opportunity for the kids for 126 years
please tweet the talk highlights:) I'd luv to hear her sometime
Dont make me give out your sexcam account name
thanks for the follow! We hope you can join us at yards park on sept 10th for BBQ, beer and college football!
I love Peyton so much. Y'all don't even know.
More charities & visual arts orgs (galleries, studios, museums) are using #Pinterest so far. Fewer in perf arts yet
good to hear sexy
Looking forward to everyone coming out to tonight and banging 13,000+ cheer sticks for a win
Getting crunk before you take off is usually a good idea.
Watching American Idol with my mom and sister... Summer is so exciting.
I agree. Google has a business to run. They raised lots of awareness blacking out the logo. Some new opposing senators have emerged
Hey, it's snowing!
;) haha its what I do.
Idk how many times i got to tell ppl, I DONT GIVE A RABBITS ASS ABOUT WHAT PEOPLE SAY ABOUT ME.! GTFO.!
Gas Station, McDonald's, Then School.
with me :)
RT : A4. Chapstick, my La Sportiva climbing shoes, and a Nalgene full of water hooked on an outer loop of my backpack.
survive and advance
Moving? Want to do it in a greener way? Call us for a 10% discount on our eco-friendly moving boxes!
Wow, Kirk and Spock look pretty old for teenagers.
ok cool! You should come... Its going to be a blast! Text adam - he has all the info... are you dressing up? Lol
spain spain spain spain spain spain spain spain spain spain
"You cannot create experience; you undergo it."
haha. in his defense, he had to go to the bank for his joke...not the glovebox of his navi.
I can't tell if I'm hung over or not.
I would have went off
no problem :)
TLC to launch airport series, 'On the Fly' - WLKY Louisville
This is me right now: @ last day of prep before #RCFAustin. I hope to see you this weekend at booth #110!
Any screenings at SXSW by chance?
Snug Harbor hosts Rock&Roll event with Art Auction this Wed. 530pm check out Grand Haven ArtWalk on FB for details!
Good points. I assumed it would be easier to search a website. I think you gave me reasons to buy an #ipad now!
okay and imagine twitchy or dreamy is I there with us .
true... but I think it would be great for a woman to win. The event is focussed for women (although man can & do participate).
Thanks for all your time I enjoyed the webinar. It was a good one.
You are everything I see.
If I tell you the World is round and you think it is flat...am I arrogant
Idk it was like past my ass now its above my bra strap.
naw I'm not ready at all lol. It's not my day, I can chill and complement his swagg <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
damn i lost my wallet with all my shit
hope you're feelin better bestie!! Am i gonna see ya this week?
yeh. It's harder to get high off of though, but still very much so possible.
Just heard your rant on on ESPN first take. Always stand for the truth and keep it real.
The menu for this Friday's Wine Dinner is AWESOME. Reserve your table if you haven't already and prepare to be blown away!
How many I.Q. points do you lose watching reality T.V.? I'm thinking all of them.
Excited to be at #gdc education, but shocked once again at the very high % of males in audience (esp after #DML2012 ). How to change?
#hyperspace great show on
My Quote of the Day - "This is one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.", Neil Armstrong
I could definitely get use to this.
that isn't even in your nature. Lol and here I am getting coffee for my morning wake up,and the early bird is sleeping in...
you know I eventually learned to like the cure in small doses again! I'm sorry but post the bends I haven't gotten into it.
. agreed. thanks #plonekonf organizers!
Playing D is a matter of will: what r you willing 2 do as a group 2 help each other out? 2 do as individual 2 put clamps on? -Phil Jackson
check your email
#Cavs offense wants this game to be over as soon as possible. #WhoWantsToChuckSomeThrees?
I miss Pride so much!!! I really wish that we had a show or practice or something just so I could see everyone again!
is watching His Band. This should be interesting. Hm should I follow through Twitter or FB?
If you know how to make me happy without doing too much
Thanks so much for the support!
my. neighbors. so much yelling. so much everything.
I'm starting to like this twitter thing.
Thanks! Congrats on the pilot!! So exciting!
Come to The Firehouse Gallery at 1pm to keep me company and check out the great art and boutique!
You should probably change your password. You're sending out "not you" types of tweets. Receiving weird DMs from M Smith, same.
SD Sheriff crime lab witness John Willey lied in court & suddenly retired.DA Dumanis refuses to inform the criminal bar. Ethical?
Anti-intellectualism is a problem, but so is hyper-intellectualism. Intellectual values are not superior, should not exclude others.
seems silly to lose the egg now, what would the easter bunny put in his basket?.
radical! Photos?! Sounds like the plastic hunt was a success.
tweet me your favorite songs :)
Thank you thank you thank you for helping pull that off! Amazing! Hope you and are having fun!
I could have wrote that article.. lol. not exactly groundbreaking, but sweet. "step 1, go exploring!"
Han Suyin~ There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness.
One acts poster complete! Watch out for the coolest poster ever and come see the coolest set of one acts - ever. May 21- June 5.
wednesday means it's closer to the weekend!!
ACM members- want to be featured in E-Forum? Send us a link to press about your innovative & exiciting news: .
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Since it's legal to record any communication you are involved in, be aware that your ex may be taping you.
check out my web site www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
I got my picks for tonights games on #TNT video blog up soon #Knicks #Bulls #Thunder and #Blazer fans #NBA Fan check me out
hey Justin please follow mw
Damn, Im Fucking Burned Out. My Body Is Crashing.
Dimelo! Text me. Everything good??
monday is fine. slide it under my door, i will be out of the office.
We'll have a bottle with your name on it. Literally. :)
lmfao amazing party
Holly fck! I will pay anyone if they made me some enchiladas or sopes<3 I'm HELLA CRAVING FOR SOME!
Aight will do!
Jersey shore tonight (:
Great for the Owls! “: Welcome to FAU, Mr. President. It is such an honor to have him speak on our campus today.”
hahaha "I don't know if it's any good, but I want to try it".
Lovin the complimentary drinks in the lounge here, but my 6:30am internal clock says no thanks
Congrats on your new position & thanks for introducing me to Dan. So far I'm still in the running. When's you're last day?
omg that is so cute!!!!!
Black Nativity, a must-see Boston holiday tradition, runs this weekend only! www.blacknativity.org! RT please!
oh the horror...the HORROR! I'll be stuck looking like a 12 year old...forevah!
I think that chick confused "Intimidating" with ugly. Females are nervous around winners
MT A4 Luckily this trend is making ppl envrnmntally conscious & able to make educated design decisions
Great idea! MT : #dls15 learning so much from my co-attendees. Is there a listserv where we can all keep sharing?
Thanks ! And congrats to you as well! We should both be proud of our placings!
It's Home Movie Day! At the Cultural Center with until 5PM. Just watched something titled Fightin' Femmes of France.
"Ilios would take her body if he had to--he was in that kind of a mood." I just have to read this book.
Horton Hears a Who RT : Reading aloud w/ kids helps them become successful readers who love books. Today's bedtime story?
What!? No Qwikster!?
That's cold
Looks like TONS of fun!
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal, love leaves a memory no one can steal. ~From a headstone in Ireland
Fish Not Even Following Me . . . .
Business is like riding a bicycle - either you keep moving or you fall down.
it would make my world for you to say hello to me :) I'm so excited to hear you're working on a new album!
Ready for all the Jets fans to boo!
Anyone paying attention could see the kibosh coming with $AMZN. Stock struggled every day in Jan. to hold its own in spite on market gains
RT : Ladies send your men to the HERO Lounge where they can find tips on grooming, health & wellness AND Valentine's......
i sleep to dream.
I have thoughts (& maybe even handouts!) on this longer than 140, natch.
You Feel So Out Of Place, You Think You Don't Fit In. I Think You're Perfect In The Skin You're In. :) <33!
Just talking about being picky and setting your standards high for home repair and remodeling. Go to oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com for more.
thanks for the good words! great to see you; let's keep thinking together!
thank you!
How do you know jack Ehrbar and mike Guzman?
keep up the good work!!! Your the man!
Getting a new phone tomorrow! Leaving the old company finally!
...no problem. I gotcha
You should've told them "no, but they named the town after me."
That dude #KingJames got ice in them veins...Cold Blooded
#client excites crowd! RT McMillan w/ team stuck at 98pts in the huddle "Don't get caught up in that Chalupa s@!"
Despite wild promises to the contrary, I am NOT at
Finally seeing "Avengers" tonight!! Lehgo
ooh yeah of course i barely know(no offense) i mean if i liked you as more than a friend i would tell u. But yeah.
Yeah. I'm watching the #JERZATHON. Yeah buddy!
Now, GJ is listening to the Tubes. I can see why they were a One Hit Wonder
another one just randomly showed up today soo now there's 4 but ya one I claimed is mine :p and thank you! haha
I got the assignment! ...and then learned I wasn't exactly equipped to write the story I'd proposed. The editor had had no idea I was 15.
bitches on my dick cus i look like bieber
Lots of fantastic Heinlein quotes in the middle of "Time Enough for Love", including this one.
We will keep you up to date our project will be coming out soon. Make sure you lookout for it, spread the word, Thank You again
Thank you!
Just heard my cousin's mixtape..... Made me sad as fuck...R.I.P Davion Smith.....
Yikes Brandon Beachy.
. Props to on the video then too! Well done to the video team on the Road to #FirstKick :-) See ya'all in Dallas!
<U+266C> August 1st 1960 Aretha Franklin made her first recordings for CBS Records <U+266C>
I appreciate the breath of confidence. It is details near that end that make me question
Thinking about teaching myself #xml, #xslt, etc. Books will be easy to find. A cheap development platform harder, any suggestions?
Spilled some vodka on my insurance paperwork while reading over my new policy... Here's hoping my premium doesn't go up because of it...
Good morning world. Go at www.peggyguichu.com. Check out my paintings. Read my blog. Leave me some feeback.
Also, traffic light sign hanging upside down just south of Fuller on 16th Street NW, going northbound.
Day 2 of the transformation.... Great start just have to keep up the MOJO
Of course! El Paso should get this.
Coach Scott: "You get to this point of the year and teams know each other. Players are going to have to embrace the 1-on-1 challenge."
Ehmagawd! Uber sorry for nawt being awn; Todd messed with all of my passwords! And he deleted my Facebook! Kuh-laire is on probation now.
Asking for a free drink after you've searched through your empty wallet only works if you want me to walk away.
Let's show some Twitter love!!!!!!!!!
lol that's awesome!
Yeah, moms too. I was just having memories of when my babies were new. Miss those days, mostly.
ifeel good and confident
The LORD reigns, let the earth be glad; let the distant shores rejoice. Psalm 97:1
What's happening? I'll tell youb whats happening. I'm shoving my face with breakfast burrito when i should be on a run right now!! :)
Thanks! Teaching via Twitter sounds challenging :( But I can give you tips. Just ask me anytime :)
I hate watching the titanic. It's so sad.
Remnick, call me... just nailed your little caption contest.
Is saying hello Twitter.
christmas carols?
Kinsey any idea how I can promote my optometry practice in West Hollywood on twitter? wink wink
Its Tuesday!! You know what that means!! Brass Monkey Tacos for dinner and Brass Monkey Karaoke for dessert!! See you Tonight!!
In awe of the "seniors" at the gym who put in work!
i'll go to bed. we have a candidate coming tomorrow and i wouldn't want to sleep through her talk. kate will have to wait.
"Input CREATES output!"—Delano Johnson
Watching The Colbert Report with Viggle Mon | 11:31PM | Comedy Central Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I love root beer floats
I'm on the hunt for a coat now
Hey, thanks for coming in. We appreciate it. Hope to see you all again soon ! Niall
Some people shoud relize they opinion doesnt matter!!! #Haters come all shapes n sizes dont worry botu the next person only yourself!!
I am excited too!
thanx so much!
This is actually something I've been meaning to check out a bit.. have you seen any discussion of witter API limits?
Happy Derby Day! Mama needs a new pair of shoes...
Just started snowing here and I'm so looking forward to it -- let it snow!
when is your due date? My sister has about a month to go, and she's chasing a 2 year old. In other words, she's a saint.
Thanks for the RT.
We are back on Twitter and ready to send out some promos. Tweet #ifollow to get a special reply
one time, I nibbled on a piece of cheese and my cholesterol went up to 900.
who has better tailgates? BC fans on Shea Field or DCU fans on Potomac?
what movie again?
RT : Adam Yauch #RIPMCA. Thank you for Sabotage bass riff and many other great grooves. Adam also worked for justice and...
we need to hang soon and celebrate your internship!
Its good to be around a place were there aren't thousands of Bieliebers because on June 19 you can buy Believe without it being gone :)
Slightly blinded by the nylon-like glare of Gingrich's marvelous playmobil 'do'
how you been?
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. – Steve Jobs
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger. In this case, it DID kill me, and theres no way this much pain could make me stronger.
Just saw hands down best horror/monster movie in years!
i had Jalisco's last week.... M so good
Goodnight loves! Don't forget to wash your face;) the 1-step cleanser is perfect to clean, remove excess oils & tone all in 1
Are there any (good) steampunk symphonies?
wow, I'd thought #TweetingDuringSex would be a HUGE thing on here, but apparently not. Very Shocking, LSD. SO LET'S MAKE IT THE NXT TOPIC RE
you should've taken my to go order. Where were you
But I'm good :) dead and gone
My pride be the reason for ending so many things in my life
absolutely agree 100%
not wearing a bra after working 9 hours. its a sense of freedom that's life changing. also taking off thong u have worn longer than 4 hrs.
Star Wars Day, Black Widow, Joss Whedon Loki & Thanos are all trending did I die & go to heaven?
I hope man up tomorrow and play
thanks. I like it too;)
Safety in the spotlight during Bike Month - KSBY San Luis Obispo News
& kind of hungry to ..
From SLA's latest execubook summary: "leading with purpose and being of service to others" = the perfect description of an SLA leader!
Have finally caved and admitted that Twitter isn't going anywhere any time soon.
Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts to which indeed you were called in one body and be thankful.
check out Derulo's "It Girl"
Raven down! Happy April 1st
You have been tweeting so much!
Ugh, no cell coverage for me yesterday! Great to see the Buccos get a 3-2 win!
bout to go to sleep u?
What funny way should i get deleted by jeremy sherman?
LOVE MY FANS AND ALL UR MESSAGES!!!!!
This cake has to much icing
pfft. give him 2 optional weeks in december, he can run a sidewhow & see who shows up. give the spring week back to hamburg.
Ohh, where do you work?
got the L it dont matter tho we got ya next time
has the funniest videos on youtube.
Yes! This is a corporate space. How do we feed them with out morsels of intellect and revolution?
beat in madden tonight! jusssayin :)
Anybody have skype on here? Time to add some new peeps.
The should call Kids in Motion, Dads looking at electronic devices...ok phone in pocket.
I know ur email I need u to email me ur address :P PS > YOU ARE NOT OLD
I had a dream that and were at my house for a party. Dreams are so much cooler than reality.
the trio Pilc Moutin is in Europe & available Feb 13-14-15. anyone interested in a concert, masterclass etc.?
american tv doesn't GET tennis. they don't see it as sport, can't expect them to give time to trophy ceremony. pfft.
Getting ready to go camping ! Finally a break !
Obama clowning the heckler is fucking great
we're getting crunk in boystown, how abt u?
Follow me back? I vote for ya'll all the time :D<U+2665>
When u choose to b pleasant & positive in the way u treat others, u have also chosen, in most cases, how u are going to b treated by others.
My little couson truly believes that "that Cody Simpson kid" is my boyfriend. I love her.
I'm working on a theme song for the movie Hunger Games, but if it had been made in the 1980s.
The hunger games premiere t minus 2 hours & 18 minutes!! :)
the rules only apply in employment situations--chores don't count & neither do Ed programs--unless they earn wages.
BYX dodgeball tonight! Hope to see everyone there!
you try so hard to be fair you actually hate and try to bring down uk! Congrats!
Tune in to right now with
Just bought tix for Red Hot Chili Peppers in November. First timer, cheers to that
Do you remember what you wanted me to do while you were away? ;) x
love, love, love CJ's. It's gorgeous!
I love #hunterxhunter. Every1 has to stay till end - Now noone can interfere with killua. Alluka's power is also so interesting
Havnt tweeted in forever
I feel like having a 1D flashmod.
Just learned that Kate Beckinsale will be in Total Recall. That should help offset Colin Farrell who already messed up Miami Vice.
thaz right. if I hear the words HARRY, ZAYN, NIALL, LIAM, LOUIS, ONE, DIRECTION, UK, OR IRELAND I will hear you from a mile away.
Travel with ease, rent a car. Carry a load, rent a truck. We have all the latest models. Rent a car or truck from us.
members: You can pick up your free DVD at their booth , just flash your member card.
Dear media distribution companies: who's going to be the first to fully utilize advanced pricing & ad structures possible with digital?
I just the ultimate - texting and bike riding - something drastically wrong.
": “: Dear girls, Most of you only like guys for their looks, not their personality, thats why you get played. #Amen" o.
test tweet
I'll b there!
8 mile #eminem <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Libraries must face outrageous ebook price hikes with a scowl like Clint Eastwood in Josey Wales. Grit yer teeth, spit in the wind, growl
Was reading a 33-yr-old review of Bowie live in 1978. It referred to him as an "old rock'n'roller." He was 31. Talk about "Changes".
I hope everyone in #WI is out on a #Beer garden enjoying thus weather and a
I dont have that number nomore ..
you working?
omg, what happened to all of them wtf?
I hereby declare myself the World Champion Hutt-Puncher in
Chris Davis gets through 16th as J.J. Hardy guns down winning run at the plate...
. this is interesting coming from a person of no faith. You would not understand because you have no faith
Baseball doesn't exist until NHL playoffs end. RT : You know your baseball team sucks when you're relieved they have a day off.
If you know you fucked her right., you wouldn't be asking...
You also need to do things to preserve your connection and love on a daily basis
I shouldn't have to ask for a follow back. I don't do that.
did you plug it into a computer with iTunes that was logged in as a different user? If so, you may have to delete / recopy apps
No, but I had the Riot Grrrl Online website up and running for a long time. You can still see the oldest website up.
and i bet if beliebers trended something about their fucking "mother monster" they'd be like you guys are bullies, you guys are jealous etc
what can you do when it's so cold/snowy outside? Boot Camp nice n warm inside on sat?!! would love to have you!!
& there's prbly no grandmas to fight over slots w/down there so we got that going 4 us lol
This is more interesting than the actual game
Yr interview made me want to read it again.
Headed to for this morning's shoot! Tune in at 7:30!
If we could change ourselves, the tendencies in the world would also change
yo you think tha knicks will be betta next year wit that lil bit extra money they got?
#cil11 discussing the Scan Jose project using #AR to develop local history walking tours for San Jose
A friend from Waunakee is throwing out 1st pitch tonite-cheer her Connie!
me :D
Dang! good goal... but just out of time. ) : Next period! Go RedWings!
cool, im not One of those crazy Fans. Im a realist but love My Vols n give credit to other teams when due
pretty girls i love em
I'm not a laker fan but I know they're better than denver
uhm HOW, if I can barely speak ? -___-
ProSelect Wall Gallery Templates | from:
so tried today :-(
Green Bay is on a road too Dallas
Packing...headed back to the ATL tomorrow
at 7?? the movie starts at 7. i thought we were gonna walk arounf first hahaha
Congrats on your horse trailer success. Were you able to drive it in reverse?
#ItsAllFunAndGamesTil someone throws up lime the girl from the exorcist
you should be able to smell it already since they went with Traitor Thome.
New Man Rule: Thou Shalt Not Invite Thou Girlfriend To Any Guy's Night Activities For Thy Arguing Is Really Blowing My Buzz.....
Enjoying some coffee and writing time before heading to ballet! When class is over fam will be here!! :)
oh m..I wanna be five.
(that he was being released, that is) Thanks for posting.
awww haha that's so sweet! we were a bit higher up, but we had a perfect view of the whole rink, so it was pretty good!
hahaha"mm girl is love to take you out on a date" me"that's embarrassing." LOL<U+274C>
that pictures sweet!! thanks Haile! so good to see you last night, thanks so much for coming out:)
Review: Subaru’s New Impreza Is the Hipster Corolla
Sometimes we let our feelings get the best of us...and sometimes our feelings make whats best for us..
But sometimes you need an adverb for flair or rhythm.
Spurs/Clippers, Thunder/Lakers, and Celtics/Sixers all have back 2 backs in second round. Heat/Pacers don't! It's so obvious the NBA like em
HAPPY 16th BIRTHDAY to my cousin !!!! see you at the show tomorrow!!!
": Kim Jong-Il's biography claimed that him and his father created the world and controlled the weather." This explains a lot.
I may stay in Rhode Island and never come back!
If only gas was cheap
Maybe that is an opportunity for the beer drive-through places re: lack of drive-through pizza places.
#brands are you local and proud or nationwide and stubborn?
RT : Local leaders need understand importance of digital #econdev & create strategies to be innovative communities
Mia Joy Candles Loves your show!!
Who has Instagram? I'll follow ya!
The will be hosting an info session about summer internships in Sydney TODAY 4 pm SSB 3.107.
By the by, if you're coming to Glendale Days tonight, fireworks start around 9:30p. It should be a beautiful night!
thank you, and i just sent a request to join
-- which is the more hostile environment..Assembly hall or China (Georgetown fight)?
Why does the grocery store even sell grapes that have seeds in them?!
#IamAStanBecause His songs can make you cry, take you by surprise at the same time an make you dry your eyes with the same line
Craving lobster pizza
dude, if like, the whole cccollab crew followed me, i'd definatley feel like a cool cat.
#comedy #school in new York city I plan to go to comedy school here in the city and get my professional head shot session and get booked
Watchin' CELEBRITY APPRENTICE
looking for attendants
haha i try to be. Twitter is where I get away from reality so I try not to tweet anything morbid or depressing as much as possibl
Ron artest gone get beat the fuck up when he get in Oklahoma
i think Sam needs to post this video. *hint hint, samuel*
I know image isn't everything. But being good-looking just makes life so much easier....
Man shit will never change
sorry, we need someone in-house. Thanks anyway.
NEVER BE AFRAID TO TAKE UR MUSIC TO THE NEXT STEP
Come on wade... We need u to close
That's awesome XD, I've subscribed to the list :) thanks again!
de more demerrier - love it :)
because you butted into my convo lol
Excuse me! Cokie Roberts says "Rosen and Maher's comments (Democrats)" is likened to the "elite" that Dems are out of touch...what?!!!
Fucking hate my life
I had no clue what the "golden ratio" (a.k.a. Fibonacci sequence) was until tonight. Some of Da Vinci's paintings adhere to it...amazing!
Can't wait to hear her speak! RT : RT : Just chatted with back stage at #HRFL11!
gotta go work out see ya'll later.
Just learned what happens when you take a NyQuil & still can't sleep 2 hrs later: you eat 2 huge boxes of fruit-by-the-foot & gushers.
I hear rumbling comin from da sky, but ion see nun!
Meeting with Watering Seeds founder about benefit event during NBA All-Star weekend in Dallas
You have it backwards. This is Godel's incompleteness theorem. In order to have a debate you need to be clear that everybody
Get your dose of Divine Intervention TODAY!!
I like the twitter profile pic bro! It's gonna be fun anchoring the desk together next semester!
but try to hurry im in the library
What would you do? If the spot lite was on you? Nothing to prove..but you love what you do so much! It feels like nothing to you!
Just had a drink next to James Franko at a random bar. #Sundance is in full effect.
What's so amazing about my hair? o':
The Springpad offices are only like a block away!! I go there pretty much every morning. :)
haha I wish I owned the lake. We several ponds and live like 10 mins feom the lake but we dont own it haha
If rockies can get beltran for less than 3 years why can't the giants pony up for same deal?
wow! great stuff! thanks for introducing me!
I'll see you guys soon
Next, lamb, braised parsnips, Brussels sprouts, and onions, and roasted peewee potatoes. With a glass of Copain Pinot Noir.
There's a good turnout for the 's Rethinking Cities panel. Good to know there are other urban policy nerds in
Mind you this isn't my works meeting it's the company we share common space with
Now watching
shut up girl behind me =)
And...that was one of the strangest dr appointments I've ever been to.
Anyone tried Starbucks coffee from the new Clover machines?
How about a tour stop in Minneapolis?
and you Nev
hope you're having a great night, ty for the follow.
What Has Music Come Down To These Days...I Just Got 1 Question? Rick Ross TF Was U Thinkin-#MMG Tweet
I feel terrible for Jordan, but Shelly did have a good point. You don't want to end up in the final three with JJ.
ahh so exciting!! Good luck!
I follow now. She tells me what to eat :P
We're looking for a dermatologist for the 6:30 news. Do you know anyone? Send me an email
“: So. Freakin' hott.” what a nice compliment! Thats what I needed to get through my day...o...wait ur talking about weather :/
it's so annoying. Like its 7:30 I don't need to here your fucking noises. Lol
please follow me!!!(:
Then I read this & nothing else ever mattered: “New York, New York” sing-along in Central Pk Fri. nite at opening ceremony!!
It feels like a Good Friday ... be blessed!!
Listening to the Beastie Boys channel on Pandora
there's a newish brewery in an old church that's pretty cool. Brewery Vivant, I think.
Congrats - HS/HSL's new Mayor!
I wish it was OGT week every week
was reading a history of art forum. piles of interviews, can't remember which writer mentioned it.
What's good Tweeoples!!! We are up, at it & active. #iloveVegas it's like Red Bull, it
Stop throwing yourself at guys, seriously that shits not cute.
It took so long at the bank for the lady in the office to help me. Then, once I was in there, the lady told me I needed more ID. TWO HOURS.
Mitt Romneys 844 veto's show him to be very conservative as Gov
Happy new years eve ! Hope everyone has a fun but SAFE night. (:
Teaching CS: Grob: teach database search skills b4 students start project, but show them real stuff once they actually get started
and your in michigan. gotta support anything thats in the mitten (usually)
look who's talkin:)
#KG Looks absolutely ferocious on D tonight
Wife: Darling, do you think I'll lose my looks as I get older You: With luck, yes
Need support on your Superhug theme? Use the comment area underneath the #design and the #designer can respond directly. Simple!
calling yourself for Tech help lol
It's empty in the valley of your heart The sun, it rises slowly as you walk Away from all the fears And all the faults you've left behind.
Espn is running a #NFLanyEra team.. Pat Willis is today's feature.. No doubt he could play in ANY generation!
why does it always take management so long to realize these guys are terrible? anderson, loretta, sweeney, kennedy etc
I think I saw you walking on Scofield yesterday w/ West on my way to work.
I would be honored if you visited my little sister's new site www.alkohlmannimagery.com. She is, in my opinion, wicked talented!
this is what i say in my head to justin bieber everyday: please dont be in love with sme1 else, please dont have somebody waiting on you!!!!
my phones broken, facebook messenger?
hee hee ~ Abri's def a hottie. then u go 2 work with more male hotness. I'm starting 2 see acting kicks writing's ass!
sure. But just this once.
nope, just watch for meetings!
Yes. Point is when Rs, i.e. Newt and Santorum, paint welfare recipients as only black and urban, it's inaccurate and misleading.
lmao! Go 4 it! We do nd more of them 4 sure! That's what cracks me up, they're so blind to see they're losing voters ;)
We can't wait to see you for Orange Crushes and Oysters next weekend!
rain makes me very sleepy
I should have known you were a journalist. Your "impartial" attitude was totally obvious. Do you write for the Hamas Daily?
Stand with anybody that stands right. Stand with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong. #quote from Lincoln
Haha, yes! RT all you need in life is a good strong pot of coffee. and a really good, strong man to bring it to you.
Cool. When I saw the headline I thought it was saying grandmothers make their kids fat. I was like "duh."
your materials sound like our materials, no surprise there I guess!
shampoo spray? They make shampoo in a spray?
please remove me from your list
I imagine your towns gas n' sips ran out of Skoal that night.
Got out of icy Seattle to get to ALA midwinter in Dallas. Getting inspired.
Thanks for the RT! :) Nice little infographic.
Thanks for the follow! We love Pin Heads!
watching Salt. (: <3
Watch how we vote out a Tyrannt
Don't normally tweet about sweets, but do visit French Market for macaroons! Today & tomorrow.
MUCH LOVE TO MEL KEEP DOIN YA THING WE DOIN IT LIKE THAT AUG... WE COMIN BACK....
omg almost took a picture of my house.. (:
go Badgers!
Add me on facebook
Your description of Decorah's location made me laugh out loud. It's spot on.
making carnita's tacos for my daughter tomorrow as we are celebrating her 40th..oh my am i old - birthday.
Reality is sometimes bad, very bad Youtube caving into Iran? It is only through truth, even though unpleasant that the (via )
Stanley Jordan's Friends CD is jam packed with great musicians. You simply have to add this CD to your jazz collection.
haha I'm just kidding. Hopefully a snowboarding trip?
Spot between the playground and the sewage system-Is it the gooch or the taint?
awesome article. Information and access are the next great resource
Santa just arrived in a helicopter in 1950s Cleveland!
Everyday my circle gets tighter and tighter
Fill in the blanks: If I get to win the iPad, I would ________. =)
blsck ppl think if you say the persons first name twice youll remember them "you know kaya kaya!" "who" "kaya Kaya girl" lol
How come ’s house never smiles? Maybe he hates
Pack game?? There's candy... RT : If you are looking for me tonight, I will be sitting on the birthing ball eating spicy food
Packer nation owns this draft!": So, Packers' compensatory picks are: Nos. 133, 134, 241 and 243 overall.”
Just seeing who's paying attention LOL
ur retarded! he looks better now
haha I don't have a fav!! Im in love with all of them!! #BELIEVE is coming soon
Amen from Nerk! RT I need a Tractor Supply store... Everyday.
yuppers. I think I'll listen to that now, actually.
…when we last left off, Mulder had a headache and Scully was coming to terms with some trust issues. #XFiles start of Season 7.
Loved the Quality Social piece. We looked great together on camera!
Pop Quiz : What is the longest-lived, continuous production automotive nameplate? # Chevrolet
really? Golf to me will always be Golf, slow, quiet and meant to be summed up on a highlight real
Just a few more scenes of this "short" movie to go. It has truly been an adventure. Lots of great on-set stories...some might never be told!
Sleepy. Long day of a fun and insightful workshop. May have to go hit up the hot tub soon:)
university of Toledo! The glass city!
Sharon&#39;s Priscilla Buckley recalled by many
I'm a fan of right out of the fridge :D
Look at the upside and the downside of the mindset that is keeping you stuck.
RIP Donna Summer
hm... mighta been suspect!
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.
app to the rescue... and in #Austin next week!
I love the new clothes I got! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
The Great Good Workplace -- Wednesday noon with, among others, Eliot ; what makes a great shop?
i would be so happy if some how we could get the #MISSREDANDBLACKPAGEANT trending.
Stoned like a biblical whore
NO. Sike yea for a min.
is a wonderful way to chase the sleepies away! come see us at #fireflycupcakes and have a cup'a!
Getting my prom dress made was a good decision, I have seen too many of the same dresses
I wanna skip tomorrow but I got a game..
Ha, yes! Disqualified for an unfair advantage. Have you seen the new NCE office? Book eye candy.
I feel so behind on Pacific Standard Time.
It's a process, right? I think that if we're living life right, we spend our lives figuring that out over and over again.
good afternoon wonderfully blessed people! how is everyone doing?
Hi I love you.im a big fan of you and im 11 when i was 5 years old i have had a crush on you and i still do
Happiness includes chiefly the idea of satisfaction after full honest effort. No one can possibly be satisfied and no one can be
I remember when the M in MTV stood for Music, and not Maternity.
Power to the PACT rats at #afs11!
I would just like to tell you how much I love you. Your tweets make my life <3
"block on fire" Juvinile
anything good left at the #nyc sample sale?
shit chillin bout to go to lunch
Will you guys follow us back its appreciated
Wondering.. RT “: Guys say they have a bettor who won $15,000 on a $200 1st safety score bet (75/1)”
Year to date Las Vegas Firefighters have responded to 3700 more emergency incidents this year than last year.
Liz i need that movie yo
Too bad the #Giants don't have a top-tier quarterback.
Knead Dough? - My copywriters' gem for this week. It is a title for bakery jobs advertising post.
lol why would u set Me up lol
It's actually "Happiness is Lubbock TX in my rear view mirror" From TX so can't besmirch whole state
great job on the panel today!
not only does he use an iPad he uses the #cloud to bring 3 church's together live and streams videos in about kids who need help
Saw a Chinese baby and a black kid wave at each other today. Gives me hope for the future. Or another Rush Hour movie.
smart move on your part
smack my haters and make em cry
recently stared at that on a crankily long ride up the J train, wondering why Google thinks its users heads are so small.
Stagecoach succeeds by promoting from within
Mggfdfhhbdrg I hate I'm never texting you back
RT : So looking forward to later this week -- eh, I mean catching up with !!
5.0 percent of men and 23 percent of women experienced both types of abuse, physical and sexual
lmfao I'm away from keyboard, bbm me x
Tampa won. Lets go #O's!!! I'm only doing this for my extreme dislike for the #Sox! Go
When you are struck by pangs of nostalgia every time you log in, it's probably time to change your password.
We are open Sundays! It's a beautiful day to shop local.
all the folks tweeting about being on their way to #ncph2012 are making me misty..living vicariously through their tweets.
Tyler Kindron, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
Follow The Money panel presented by 4A's kicking off with Havas, Phone Valley American Express, GE and Skyrockit.
happy birthday ! will be up in NYC at the end of the month, hopefully we can actually catch up then ;) have a gr8 day!
yo those pics came out dope
Pity the same can't be said for the rest of us.
OMG I HATE YOU
One of those days when I listen to Psanders all day . (;
Anyone want to go to Meet the Breeds with me on Saturday? Your role? Keep me from coming home with a great dane.
me a second and I will send u the details via DM :) and your welcome!
You can walk until your feet get sore and bet you walk back to me.
Words can't describe how much I hate the Utes....
Heading to #mlanet12 three weeks from today. Wonder if I'll manage to get everything done that needs doing.
Check out this month's review of and in the October issue of - on newsstands next week!
Half day:)
Loyal followers, our site is temporarily down and or having major issues. Yinz guys crashed it today! It will be back asap.
"V" is the hotkey for "preview", which plays a cue immediately without the pre-wait.
Take another look - Remember that in a race everyone runs, but only one person gets the prize. You also must run in such a way that you...
YOU HAVE TO HEAR AUSTINS NEW SONG YOU WILL LOOSE YOUR OVARIES.
nigga follow me :) hold up let me be nicer Will you please follow me Bailey?
1005 reserved for you Jay.
grading-check. driveway shoveled- check. car out of snow plow drifts- check. airplanes- no check.
Don't do that to me -____-
About to go to the tatto parlor with and <U+270C>
Our market is tomorrow from 3 pm - 8 pm! :) Everyone come enjoy the market! Stock up on organic fruits and vegetables from local farmers!
Looking forward to it. I'm going to revamp mine as well. It's time.
lonely was the song I sang... till the day you came...LOVE JOHN MAYER
Latin Dance is a great way to be #hearthealthy. We will be dancing in the hospital cafeteria for #WearRedDay!
Marc Freedman: Patricia Smith, Solicitor of Labor, is someone employers should keep an eye on.
good! i'm getting hungry!
": What's everyone doin with the leftovah holiday rage?" Sleep ..need sleep...
Spotify has the most obnoxious ads I've heard in a while. Just makes me want to try other services. Freemium fail.
A little bitter about this game. Come on Packers!!!!
Thank you for your devotion to the stage and screen, how do you do it? Incredible!
If I ever get married I'm going to cheat on my wife with our German maid because it's understandable because it's hilarious
I'm cool tho I just want my kids to enjoy they grandma before we move I'm dine trying g to help ppl
its ok i like saints row 3 though i play when i have nothing to do
The problem with beauty is that it's like being born rich and getting poorer
The DK MRAs put on an excellent retreat today for the staff! Many thanks to Lauren, Jake & Nicole! Kudos to all of DK for being awesome!
I live in Raleigh NC.
Lots of excitement in the office as the delivery man brings a gaggle of iPads.
really loving the conference #iin fall
RT : ESPN Insider subscription canceled.
& those people hating on you are doing what they're sayin is wrong. Hating on someone else? Then why are they hating on you?
Oh good. The hockey mask look works best accessorized with a machete, and we all know how that can go.
Nine minutes to go.
oh well im just glad my RNG is staying
How is everyone doing! Ready to come in for our $5 Greek Cheeseburgers at 11am!?
Thanks! RT : you need to get some green chile in ya. Try
bitterness will get you nowhere.
Just leaving now. Had to talk to Dunda before I left. Will be back soon.
Starting tomorrow! All of our tacos for just $1 each? Yeap. If you are coming to #sxsw12 you want to get cardcase. Get the app!
one nuck to another: would love to help out w the films. Dm!
c'Mon...I could look up some tickets.
It's a beautiful thing.
i got a copy of ur cd on amazon checking out the ave- it is FIRE! i like the old school style- wish rap was still that way
LIstening to some Ben Monder guitar on Aaron Irwin's "Blood and Thunder" from 2008. A tasteful player. Betterin' listenin' to Joe Buck!.
Thanks forr the follow! :)
I really might be calling on u. Mother of goddess. But I do have 2 give props 2 &
#cil11 Facebook as a solution for integrating library's social media sites: YouTube, goodreads, customized apps, iLike
i voted for over 50 times but i sont thinks i will get a followback....ohh well guess ill keep voting:) please follow back:)
lmao smoke a bowl with the leperchan when you find the half dro, half gold pot at the end of the rainbow:)
pulling an all nighter for my springfield trip tomorrow...gotta b there at 5 30
are you guys doing any promoting at shows this summer?
Its freaking weekend I'm about to have me some fun
I really want to do a cover of On My Mind by Cody Simpson!<U+2665>
Your a snitch?
Thanks to Jody, I've sold some more copies of In the Mirror at the subway. I can't thank them enough for their support.
All night shoot in Old Town. See you at sunrise.
Don't you dare! (RT) "Trying to bring back 'kewl.'"
Needed:old crappy furniture, side tables, benches, dressers etc. Anyone have any spots in or around #ATX with decent prices??
Me: fuuuuuck grad school. : yes.
Thanks to my new followers #BizInvesting and
doing any parties in Miami March 23-25?
He should get help but clearly doesn't want to
wait when?
I didn't even tell my mom about the other scholarship ugh it upsets me so much now, I would've been happier if I hadn't thought about it
If I go on a date & its bad, Im just gonna stand up and say "Im an actor, theyre all actors, & ur on MTV's disaster date!". Then, run out.
#RETWEET #YOUTUBE AFFICIAL GORILLA POSSE #SUBSCRIBE TO OUR
OK do NOT post a pic of your new flip flops if your feet are UGLY!!!!!!!!!!
Guess who'll both be at MuseumNext - US! : ) Must get some time in together. Also have to get more quality time!
Happy Friday Everyone!
Wow... I haven't been to Hollister in years
Powerhouse Rebels (:
How goes the writing? <nudge>
Woot!! Another win for the BULLS!
Yes ik I'm cute
Why would you wanna be married to me for anyhow? So i can kiss you anytime i want!
That is a bummer!
You call 65 thousand nerds you've never met alone???
please no baseball wives not interested
#Merry Christmas Everyone! :o)
Today-the 14th buy any full-priced espresso beverage before 11am, bring back your receipt after 2pm same day & get 1/2 off any espresso!
Which item?
Im going to see a play in all ASL. I with you could go!! It's gonna be really cool to watch!!
Ladies get a Blow Out, Flat Iron or Curl for Only $30
Im Pissed . But Im Not Going To Let These Bitches Ruin My Day =) .
How'd I miss all those points to start the 2nd half?!? Was watching the end of MSU/Illini. Who's got the hot hand?
WHAT THE FUCK MAN
Happy Birthday Man! Have a Great Day! You Rock!
So glad to hear about the good customer service at the new N. Clark store! Thank you for the feedback. Much appreciated.
I didn't even know we had a Twitter acct! Love ut!!
Do what you can do and then let God do the rest!
Agh , I'm done dealing with his ugly ass >:|
Getting my morning dose of funk with Wayman Tisdale "The Fonk Record" nasty hump back fonk!!! My favorite Album and player.
Ugh don't feel any better
Happy Thanksgiving!
"I am not afraid to keep on living, I am not afraid to walk this world alone"
Resolved bug with a video uploading to an Amazon AWS s3 bucket.
Sunday naps are the best! Now to our friends' casa for help in finishing off Erin's homemade chocolate birthday cake. Um, yum, yes!!
You mean Shittsburgh right?
RT : Calling all males age 30-60! PROMISED LAND is looking for extras with full availability May 23- 25.
nice! i went to a game the weekend of the husky/husker game but other than that i haven't been in years
And I'm really sick of everyones pissing and moaning. I bust my ass and spend money I don't have to take care of certain ppl but they just
awesome - thanks! We want to show our support & solidarity from across the country
MY LAST RT. LMFAO YOU GUYS LOL READ IT.
why wouldn't you drive???
Our album order has been placed stay tuned for a release! There will also be a pre order with extra stuff
If the Heat lose this... I am done with twitter for the night.
Are you a DC wino? Write a guest post for the #DCwineweek blog! Email us with your idea at
Looking forward to this coming week. DM or contact via email to meet up at the event!
Everyone has an opportunity to be great because everyone has an opportunity to serve. – Martin Luther King Jr.
yes nice knowing you.
you are there?(:
Congrats! I guess I have to root for the Lions now
MOM ALWAYS SAID, don't trust these hoes.
Keep on speaking the truth man! You are saying what needs to be said! Don't let anyone tell you different.
Nice to see you tonight!! We'll see you tomorrow @ your place!! We're going to make Josh WORK! :)
SNOW!?!?! I love how everyone's freaking out. IT"S FEB 10TH!!!
Dear God, Ryan Braun is trying to catch Matt Kemp's home run total tonight.
ohh ya dont think robert is ready to be a granddad
I cant wait to ! Rooting for to take the belt & to move in for the rematch. Bader is gonna rok!
I love connor
I really mean shit if I RT with 3+ exclamation points (!!!!!!!!)
24 hours later and I'm still sneezing out charcoal
appreciate what you said this morning on Today show, esp. about "political correctness" and beauty. Good insights on Suleman.
so... who is bangmesilly...really? undercover shark??
Unicorns are majestic. And is amazballs.
Thanks for the RT and sharing 's story!
I don't think I'll ever forget that wedge on the 18th. Fantastic win and unbelievable shot!
Would love to interview you for NBC Life Goes Strong !
I hated that guy. Bananie is being diplomatic. He was a wimp!
Glad you agree :)
You must know the rules of editing to brake them, but def brake them. Try finding video that matches music instead of the other way around.
Double D in the house!
How about Worthy or Konz in the second round?
That would definitely be a good day to have a sub. Daisy misses the kid though. Hey, I think it's take your dog to school day! :D
Jamie Moyer is not old.
#immadbecause I lost all my videos and photos on my external WD hard drive. Fail WD! $1700 data recovery and no guarantee
Happy Mother's Day to all from IOTA Solutions. Here's to all that you do. ;)
wokeup, kinda upset.
One can be the master of what one does, but never of what one feels. - Gustave Flaubert
typical of a Scottish ale. Is it good? Whats the occasion
about to go diggin' here in Brooklyn for a lil while..maybe even head into Manhattan depending on time & funds
Thanks for the RT, Edward. I keep hearing good things about Keep it up!
So here I go trying to make homemade bread. Lol this won't end well.
I'm doing good, was temp floor walking today, working on an animated video nao, how about yourself?
Look towards the future. Don't dwell in your past.
oh btw... was wondering if ur gonna post more pics of ur horses?
it's brutally garbage
Agreed. 4x in my life I visited an airline counter to purchase tickets. Every single one of them involved vouchers.
Remember one small change leads to one big accomplishment. Happy Valentines Day to All
Its okay to have fears, make mistakes, give up on some thing. If being what you are makes you happy, Just Be YOURSELF!
Having a sinus infection is worse than seeing someone with socks and sandels on.
We got your back Chris! Lot's of football left pal... you guys are the best fighters! This season aint even close to over!!!
it's super awkward when dozing off in a lecture and the prof says 'Tell' and I yell out 'What'.
;) when are you coming down man?
ask who's in charge of the internet department and if they would like to discuss a blog with me through you while your waiting :)
Thanks for the RT! I'm looking forward to pizza when Passover is over. You?
good meeting u!
You don't write contracts for the nice person sitting across from you; for the crazy cousin who takes over the project.
More from Birute Regine during ICFGR program - "vulnerability is a strength."
bummer - next time!
#UknowUfromthe90s are slip and slides still popular?
Can never sleep anymore. :/ may as well dance randomly! Rockin out with my dog.
thanks for the follow!
why is it ok to make teddy the loveable loser? He was a lion. Replace him w/ taft, or a guilded age president.
I just don't like Yo La Tengo. I'm sorry. I'M SORRY!
did you REALLY think Andy was gonna draft a LB in the first round?!
yea. Plus they run at Sports Academy in the mornings.
How is your Saturday going? Hope you're all having a good day!
was just saying that...agreed! “: Nice to see 59 make a couple of plays on Hawks first defensive series.”
Drury to avs? Just say yes...
I love going to be during storms. Anyone else? It's calming to me. -
Anyone on more platforms? EVE on PC, DUST on PS3, TemplarOne on Kindle and Trailers on TV - perhaps trading on mobile?
gotta disagree w you on this one fer... I'm very pleased w the Obama statement yesterday
The real trick is getting that majority to the polls.
Hit an 80 yr old man w my car as he walked across the strt He came to my window n punched me in the face I Had to get 10 stitches
no, twitter changed last week.. get with the program
Correction to last tweet...the popularity of this movie confuses me...the 80s were weird but Prince is still hot and the music is cool
Shouldn't Jess Cagle and be secret brothers...or something?
So husband asked me if I wanted sushi tonight. I'm like, DO YOU EVEN KNOW ME AT ALL???
Tuesday was the wrong day to wear my shirt, I could've worn it today to school .
Sorry I'll turn it down
Do you remember your favorite concert?
If you are a librarian from New Zealand, please introduce yourself to the group!
Leverage, leverage, leverage the mantra of business
- Wealth is the ability to fully experience life.
I have no idea but these niggas stressful
My heart is RSVP, and I'll extend you an invitation.
am not much of a vintage movie person, but suddenly, my mind is drawn back to some fabulous movies back in time.
My cousin the only guy insists on farting right next to me!
I knew I would get someone all riled up! Hahaha....
way more.
Heart is heavy today.
Do you want to develop into a professional Photographer? | Hobbies ...
Massage city
Sweet sounds of summer in #Michigan: Mourning dove in the evening. Has to be one of my top-three favorites. What's yours?
Appreciate the follow :-))
Hope everyone watching
lunch at with + + buck. so good
Excited for your stop at #Lilly today. Thanks for making my "day job" better with the anticipation of bacon marmalade.
Biscuit for you.
Can't do it today, but I'll be downtown early-ish before tonight.
I think we are always req'd to be respectful or else there is no progress in the fight for human rights.
RT smile for me daddy !
I MEANT SWEET ,LOL
hahaha... you can never have too many shoes...especially if they are on sale :)
Had a lot of fun playing and hangin out with the
It is extremely important during your job search to choose a positive attitude!!!
Many thanks! RT Happy #MM Authors
351: Portland is having one of the driest Decembers on record, & I am so grateful for the reprieve from rain & even a little sunshine!
Never take someone u love for granted. You never know when the last day u see them could be today
Ooh la la. 1985 Prieure-Lichine is tasting good on the deck tonight!
With less than 8 minutes before half, DePaul is looking strong. Demons lead the Devils in the 5th place game, 16-9.
Losing to the Astros is like losing to an inner city school
Listening to my dad sing <<<<<<
Forgot to take a picture, but I bottled a single hop Columbus ipa tonight. So you'll have to take my word. Why would anyone lie about that?
O'Malley's and Congress tonight! Come out! I might even let you buy me a Cherry Coke. ;)
Tomorrow Night #ThirstyThursdays official College Night! Beer Pong Tournament!
Do you stay in one place all the time, you know this 140 carts is a real deal braker, are you on FB? Have lot's more ?s
Bruce Harper RBI double
been busy! We need to work on more designs, i have a few crazy ideas i need to share with you!
a rolling stone gathers no moss
finals week finally fucking done
Happy Birthday!
Smh at american girls trying to copy my accent, big no no no
You just got retweeted by the Cincinnati library
Now It's Lights Out, Lights Out Like Roy.. Jones Jr. Traw The Ruler
hey u got tuenti ?
RT : crap! I missed it!! Puts "L" on forehead -- #loser. Steve, kick my ass t...
Hi Alison, please email your cover letter and resume to
I am great! How are you?
not sure, but I can relate... me and Flo, the chick in the Progressive commercials have had some REAL good times!
Know what’s tomorrow? Awesome info session about the Mifflin Street Block Party! When: 7pm in 1121 Humanities
Old man on desperate housewives is making me cry.
Funny how frying can have that effect on things. Oh, and we cannot forget the farmers for the lettuce. Thanks for sharing!
great to meet you too. It was wonderful to hear about your success. lmk when you may visit Portland.
Fried egg sandwich + Avocado + fresh veggies & banana = #QUICKCHEAPMEAL while recording.
See you there! just bought my ticket for New Year's in the Short North!!
Double Wide in Dallas tonight 10:00! Come party with us!
you should come to Boston soon! :)
BREAKING NEWS: Ex-Goldman op-ed writer Greg Smith to donate $1.5mil book & last 3 yrs of bonus+salary to US poverty reduction efforts.
is the pope catholic?
RT - Have another missed call from the Jaguars ticket office. They must be really excited I'm coming to Jacksonville for a game.
Not even sure why I have this Twitter.
Did you manage to keep a straight face? Lol
LOL Love our tandem road bike! That's so funny! I sit in front so I can stare at his assets
and why do people hate you?
i just woke up.
good for you, get back on the horse babe. What did ya write?
I look forward to sharing some tips on stereoscopic VFX. Because that will mean I'll finally know what the hell is going on here.
You know its not Rape if you like it bitch...
Help! Anyone out there been on an African safari? I'd love to know which travel company you used.
The Flips are playing next Friday!! @ Garibaldi with Davila 666! Come out and watch me rock!
RT :You love people with your eyes & ears. Focused attention & active listening is a healing gift you give to anyone.
Check out this pic that we just got of our buyer Lear hanging out with his buddy Ben from ESPN 103.3 before the Mavs game the other...
Prepping new Scalar build for weekend release!
we need to get a Healthy Life Snack Rack behind the bar here for our customers... Snacks + Booze = Perfect Combination.
ahaha alright? thanks :)
EVERY drink from 1-2am at Firehouse is poured as a double! Seriously. 1AMpowerHOUR! Who is gonna hate me tomorrow?!??
Congrats! What's your new beat?
I don't care.
Flight was a little late, but yes. I'm certainly in better shape than my laptop... :P Sad I missed today's drupalcon hijinks tho.
I got 5 roses and a Bear with a heart on it :) AWHH, Made my day<3
what it do fam
RT Geez, the DM spam on Twitter is what's going to drive people away from the service. [me-that & the clutter from the new rt ftr]
Got up extra early expecting call from Nobel Prize Committee. Wish I had slept in instead.
When all he wants is his lips pressed against yours. <3
cant wait to see ya tonight!
"anyone who tells you America is in decline..doesn't know what they're talking about!" got that, Newt?
In just a few hours I will have been on this earth for 2 decades.
Abram---what if the professor could see who actually read the textbook?
you just really bad luck!
Heading over to mom's armed with a pot of stuffed pepper soup and garlic bread with
I just had one of those moments where I completely forgot how to do anything.
get your shit, gotta go
Wish I could go back <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Dinner and a movie with my mommy and daddy!
My friends & are making it hard for me to follow them b/c of their private timelines! Must.Send.Follow.Request.
preparing Valentine's day program for Austin Tx: many kinds of love: romantic, for nature, for a city, for an instrument, for God?
I thought it sttarnge that 1) He was married to LMPressley? & 2) no mention on TMZ.
Ultimate respect.
You're welcome! Always delighted to showcase and share good, inspirational design
What do you do when you come up with the perfect acronym for something business related...and it's, shall we say, prurient & inappropriate?
Monarchies are so ridiculous. Europe needs to evolve already. MT : Prince Charles presents BBC weather forecast
Rehearsing with Ezra Buzzington on a new song from Josh Fardon's musical. See it this Tuesday at St. Nick's at 9pm. Free...
yes Better than u deal with it honey bun and just back of
check out the lastest mix...you will miss miami more!
So I'm falling again ;)
dont worry Eric Hosmer, Albert Pujols is having a dreadful season as well. O, dont forget about Mark Teixeira either
The Black Keys with
If you're interested in helping out for Pat's birthday surprise, shoot me an email, , or a DM and #letsdothis!
Me and Kooling Watching Little Giants
I actually haven't watched! I was nervous that it was a twilight knockoff. but now that I know you like it, I might give it a
I would have paid to see that lmao
Welcome to Twitter!
Life is goodlok
Gets a text.. .*Grabs Phone*. .*Reads Name*. ..*Lays phone back down without replying* ¯\(<U+30C4>)/¯
yes she did girl!!! It was a really good episode if she wasn't in it. She was doin WAY too much! Ugh! Girl just ignorant!
Wow enough with the bass jokes. Seriously, just drop it.
Contact us for school fundraising opportunities! RUN IT.
Last day of class tomorrow
Sugar is the devil! But I miss it! I will slay ye beast! #whole30 (having some gnarly cravings, can you tell?)
There's a post-CMMY's tweet, if I've ever seen one. Hope all is well. Have a good weekend. RT : This Egg McMuffin is glorious.
visit our webstore or contact us at and get one of our last 8 pairs!
MB trending :0
rock this bitch
Maybe My Wish will come True :)
- where is that?
thx for the follow - so happy #OneCapella made Capella feel more like a family :)
RT Is it just me or as The Frays guitar player just hitting wrong notes during the National Anthem ? #wow yeah I heard that too
Hello Jenny how are you? I like to get to know you so would you follow me back thanks Bobby Howard :-)
Lots of "Bring back Francona" chants at last night's dismal game.
I just keep starting at my followers lol
NOT TO MENTION, IF YOU NEED GRAPHICS, FLYERS, LOGOS, CAR-WRAPS, MIXTAPE COVERS, ETC.ETC. CONTACT ME...IF YOU HAVE ALREADY, I WILL GET BACK
haha i totally feel you! Same here
Our first speaker just took to the mic at #RODVegas Rich Worthington, Pres. and CEO of the Molasky Group of Companies
Seattle take 2 of 3 against best team in baseball in front of big, noisy home crowds. Mariners renaissance is officially underway.
hehe good! :') yeah i know..i think hes gettin confused with his bio and tweets..
~she looked like a damn fool she needs to stop it! voice lol
as Vince Lombardi would say: “We didn’t lose the game; we just ran out of time.”
I LOVE YOU BEBEEEE :D <3
I thought about making a guitar strap with a built in bottle opener. What do you think about that?
If someone in this world, Heat fan or not, thinks the officiating isn't Miami favorable, you are in need of desperate help. 1-800-LBJ-QUITS.
sharing emarketing tips!
Nothing really amazing has happened tonight but it has been ok lol. What have you thought about RAW so far?
I'm about to get dressed then here i come
OK, so we're only down 6...were lucky to be down 6, but only down 6.
That pretty much describes how I look. If I weren't at Miller Park, I'd be on Mt. Olympus
I have played once, but look forward to trying again for our 2 months of Seattle summer :)
How many of you hate Facebooks incompetent CEO and his senior management? I cannot stand his Board of Directors either
What kind of world do we live in where someone would steal another man's battle ostrich?
just a couple of hours left unti I start spinning at BRINK ORLANDO! Head out tonight and hear some awesome beats!...
Claro que si! The pleasure is all mine :)
I literally just was gonna tweet tge same thing
Your tongue is the only muscle in your body that is attached at only one end.
Hey hope ur day is goin great! Don't forget to send me that info we talked bout ystrdy
Don't saw the branch you're sitting on.
someone please get justin bieber to follow me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is it me or is the day passing by real slow? O.o
Yup! #graduation RT : And we're done!!!!!! That ceremony flew by. As did my battery.
I'm Feeling Freaky Tonight lmao
"You can't start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading the last one"
Doing things for shits and giggles with the boyfriend > Haha :*
Scared as hell for tomorrow...
Whoo, down town San Diego at Searsucker for dinner. BTW I have the best sever in the world, Lexi (my princess)
We love more than Lexingtonian's love to burn couches! Follow that girl!
My cat needs a snoreless pillow!
9 days till come to chicago!! Going to see it with this is gonna be the best day ever <3
7 Charged in Chicago Mortgage Fraud Scheme - MyFox Chicago
one more week of this semester!
Ooh. Going on the list.
thanks for leaving without saying goodbye by the way...such a tease
Going to bed. Good night!
It's National Teacher Appreciation Week. Does that apply to #college professors as well?
That's how all my friday nights are... and Saturday, and every day.
its not looking good for denver right now... Open shots aren't falling
Glad you found it to be a good read. Will be posting a follow up w a TCM perspective next week.
PSA: Dear Milwaukee men
That's a distinct possibility
car shopping online. buying another car this week! :/ this is stressful.
I hope is ready for his Pacers to experience an arse kickin by and the Heat!
N beaver dam,softball tourny
Don't wait for someone else to make your life terrific, that's your responsibility.
I didn't get an e-mail...can you try again?
I'm not dead.. I'm just in the process of buying a house.
I feel like, you're here to support your idol instead of getting followers. But if you have 0 followers, I can see why you'd want some. Haha
Nice, I wish I did that but I didn't have a 4th and I gave up my 3rd to move up and get Kuechly
hahaha toy phones? It'll look good on you ;p
if brittney griner make that money in the wnba i would smash.
You know it was funny : Loser lol RT : I crack myself up.!!
The Man Who Mistook His Wife For Another Woman Who Looked Very Similar From a Distance
please follow me....
What the fuck? Theres a NEW Romeo and Juliet movie coming out? Nothing can top The Leonardo Dicaprio version...
Thanks for the RT!
#OneThingYouShouldntDo Fall in love. Ever.
Lmfao I love it!
no its really easy. Between CT ave and Rock Creek Pkwy, I never have problems getting to VA or the beltway.
Who was it?! RT : OH HOLY CRAP. Just learned Gossip Girl was "revealed" on last night's episode. Am two weeks behind....
Now that's morning sickness! RR : Just dreamt I was throwing up...really unpleasant way to wake up...nervous stomach now
I hope you have a fast recovery and feel better soon
love it!
heyy im fred that movie was funny!
thanks! i had a dream about the real housewives of beverly hills last night. i think i was hanging out with kyle and adrienne.
hm... cool, can you show an example?
Mills groupie coupons blast to 95% price cut they're giving away the farm
Ha! Good point all around, PG. The Big Guys have missed the boat.
eating a yummy apple :)
Everyone in #nyc should check out and their #nyc app. It's awesome!! It has everything including empire state building colors!
a little over 2 years, 30lbs, and many awkward tan lines.
the concrete slab is down!!!
Houston friends, come watch the derby! You have half an hour to post!
Thank You Anna
Just went apartment hunting, now trying to convince the hubs to spend the extra money :)
Great day in Israel with the Jewish Federation of Greater DC - Absorption Center, school, networking with entrepreneurs & more -
lol..don't hate the player hate the game..
bold RT: For April Fool's I pulled out a checkbook at the grocery store really slowly the ppl behind in line were like No no way
A brand can attempt to stand for a lot of things...but the customer's experience trumps the company's marketing.
I like the way you think “: Thanks to the storm the power is out -Nothing else to do but open up a bottle under candlelight.”
I feel you!! But a male friend of course
Happening now! Coventry Jones performing a collection of original songs !
Waking up to a "Barbie! Bella Ballerina !" Commercial ...
I'll try that.. thanks
Idk how i feel about it, but right now......iM listening to Bun B and Z-Ro II Trill before i molest my pillowcase...EPPNU TGFD people. Night
oh no, i'm gaining weight :o
check me out on facebook group "kingoffitteds"
Drita be bustin on the low #MobWives she got bars
Where were you all? Taladega? RT : Keeping the good times going at Healthy Food, Good Wine
I'm trying to look as manly as possible in a Bebe store. It's really hard.
I'm sure. Judging by Twitter, it's nice to see that and all the 9 people seemingly were taking it in strides.
Forever fucking everything up that's good in my life.
I predict you'll be all in the middle of it with me & It'll be a short WAIT to see what's cooking
well there you have it.. Redfixfive is live on facebook!!
Great day to LIKE The T-Shirt Exchange on Facebook. Give it a shot: www.facebook.com/TheTshirtExchange. Free swag to #140!
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
If I can figure out how to put a picture on twitter (just need to read the directions), I will post them! So excited!!!
Omw to Nashville!! I'm so ready to do this thing!!
Post your pics of you packing our branded boxes! We're still giving away cool stuff and discounts!!!
Tomorrow is 4/20! Seriously guys!
The Lorax is the number one movie in the US. Tree huggers FTW.
How about an intensNATTY class for yours??
*fuck it* detour to mall.....
Monday Crisis... Slightly averted.
A single conversation with a wise man is worth a month's study of books. -Chinese Proverb
Went to the bathroom to actually go to the bathroom & i come out and of course James thinks I was jerkin it.... No I wasn't. Just FYI
Ahh Hump Day!!! 2 more days well actually, I'm working Komen, Race for a cure so Gotta work 2 jobs Friday & Saturday too.
Thanks for the follow! Great sight, LOVE analytics
perfect! Lol :) that's my birthday week! :)
Raging Waters & Universal's Studios season passes >>>
you calling them out is the funniest thing ever.
There goes the no hitter.
You can't hangout with her because she has a vagina
9/11 Husband Urges No Death Penalty for KSM The husband of a 9/11 victim who was among the handful of relatives at Guantanamo Bay for the
RT“: The GOSPEL is an annoucement not an argument. You share it, not shove it.”//Exactly
First day of work!!
Identity management in the #cloud emerges as hot-button issue for CIOs via
haha, I just got them on yesterday!
I need the Olympics to start soon because I'm seeing way too much hockey, softball, and baseball on TV at the gym. Vom
oh whatever! how does it feel knowing navy whooped your ass last night? ;)
Kohl: Results business we're in, should still be playing, so we're not happy. With coach, staff, players, a lot to be excited about
works for me. enjoy your weekend, sir.
yo that green dress tho..........LOOKING VERY TEMPTING,
Come party with Dj Dru Monday nights for Karaoke Dance party! Over 17,000 Karaoke Songs to choose from Drink Specials: 3 dollar Drafts 3
I'M SORRY KIRK WAH. I had to be at a very hip show in bushwk. Next round on me ok
RIP Donna Summer.
Listening to Mistletoe in May with #RealBelieberStatus right there.
Happy birthday
Woke up with so much gratitude for all the good people that have helped me get this far in my career! I will pay it forward :)
i was in high school
Great first panel - As an American I'm getting loads of information ! Looking fwd to tonight!!!
RT : Mayor Soglin and WEDC prez Paul Jadin tour infill developments in Madison. Great to see public leaders focused on JOBS.
Money makes the world go round but there are still some things that money can never buy.
Austin's curly hair turns me on.
#FailWhale for regular twitter is annoying, but #FailWhale for will kill their business model.
RIP "Disco Queen" Donna Summer
i dont want to write a paper..
Is it bad that i really don't care if gay people can get married ? Cuz i really don't care ...
I want to say that is fucking amazing and we can both rock a tie. Go rape the fuck out of the follow button.
The Boy s are better than this. Need to pick it up. They will.
I'm up early due to someone calling me. Thanks now i can't fall back to sleep.
Anyone at interested in writing a 250 word post based on the prompt, what did you learn today? Need a writer for tonight!
Going to school...! I'll comeback later.
Great report this morning. We all agreed you are a 10/10 on the hotness scale. Keep up the good work.
Has anyone received their reward for being above average yet?
Twitter needs a URatchetAssBitch
How many times are we gonna have this argument? step off & grow up bitch
Good morning! Having our coffee before coffee - likemind is today! See you at , Adams & Dearborn in the Loop - look for the sign!
If nothing ever sticks to TEFLON, how do they make TEFLON stick to the pan?
Ahem. THAT WAS THE WORST TRADE IN REDS HISTORY WE'D HAVE A WORLD SERIES BY NOW WITH HAMILTON! #FireDusty!
: Leaders don't do what they WANT to do;they do whatever is necessary.”
Recommended Boston band: And if Quincy is close enough:
don't. Barron is a box sfty that struggles in coverage. Rather have Brockers.
My stomach is gurgly, gurgly! I have no excuse, I knowingly ate Johnny Carnival's at 2am. I can't blame alcohol either.
"Rachel 'Release Inside' Nichols" - softly spoken words from the one and only
nail polish colors?
Why would Trojans make condoms that make you feel like your genitals are on fire? Men: if you use them, PLEASE tell the girl beforehand!!
The mean ones have no clue what they are talking about. The Closer is absolutely brilliant. I'll be sad when it's over!
"God works on an if...then basis. Every promise is contingent on your OBEDIENCE!" -Pastor Grant-Ross
Why am I not surprised that almost every negative Black Friday experience occurred at a Wal-Mart
#fridayreads Bury Your Dead by Louise Penny. <3 Chief Inspector Gamache. I'm also reading Edible Landscaping by Rosalind Creasy
hahaha I wonder the same thing everyday.
Rest in beats Adam Yauch.
2 new DW / BI contracts and jobs in Austin and LA >> check our site for details www.spyglassstaffing.com Off for a weekend 16 yr old party!
So tired. My brain feels like jell-o.
+ being able to follow other users, simply powered by RSS.
Which floor
oh my god, i think i like bike racing
Thanks for sharing the deals
break up w/ me over we smoking!? girl bye move around.
Thnk u, its really a joy 2 me 2 know he's so missed..I miss him even more, thnks for the kind words..be blessed today!
thanks. Cool stuff, huh?
#claleadercast is very powerful. is an inspirational leader.
How has my field season come down to only 11 more days of work so quickly?
What we need back home in Ohio: limited government, better schools, more jobs -- a #NewDay. To get back to these basics, we need
were you at the game?
Wow... Just wow
This is pretty ideal
Hangin' in the village is tons of fun.
Good morning every one
i think ur such an amazing singer!! keep it up:)
very lazy
With 4,298,091,700 Toots every single day in the USA alone... We've got a Job To Do. Please do your part. Thanks.
The is really hurting my ability to stay on task today.
what y'all doing on yalls bus ride
Go follow me (: -majd
Reading the book BornToRun & watching the NYC marathon yesterday has totally revived my runner spirit! Central Park here I come
RT "When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.” -Viktor Frankl (1905-1997)
No more leaky roof! Woo!!!
And apparently I wasn't even paying attention enough to realize it was the general election Perry was talking about! Good grief!
Im Not The Type Of Person To Just Throw The L.O.V.E Word Around. If I Don't I Dont So Get Over It
look at that pretty white Honda in the background! :D
In celebration of the first night of Hanukkah I have made a generous donation on behalf of all my followers to.
lol true statement! mixed people are usually gorgeous! my baby is mixed but shes white as can be haha
u gamin' tonight?
Halloween themed titles to watch...
Well UCLA you may have lost the game but WHAT A FUCKING AMAZING CATCH to pull out in the last 2 mins of the game!
nice! How do you like Twitter?
Syllables are everywhere!
As much as I love the info in the #1940census, there is so much more recent info I need to add to my dataabase
I realized I'm in bitch mode, breathe Gabby breathe...
You definitely have your priorities straight!
"For now, Dick Clark … so long," New Year will never be the same.
Stay out of my business
Its off.. gotta text the wifi #
RT : Once a week injection for type 2 Diabetes is approved by FDA (Bydureon)
this kidd used to be my bestfriend I miss him!
Good, How are you? Who are you rooting for to win HOH on Thursday?
Haha! Ugh...my breaks up. TTYL!
Are you coming to the Russia? Please follow me<3
You deserve it! Love you angel!
Thanks to Natty Greene’s Brewery for hosting April Green Drinks. They provided a great tour of the brewery & selection of their fine beers!
Sherri baby was amazing! You go girl!
Um, I think that sounds perf. I've heard amazing things.
I want something good to eat like ASAP
Can we schedule a call/demo for tomorrow?
I feel like shit.
The Rock Show comes on right when we get off the phone. >>>
Birthday Is coming Up!!!
thanks for ACTING out your role... This is gonna be crazy..
Sat in that restaurant from 1 until 4:30. Think our server was saying nasty things about those three old bats at his table? Sorry dude.
LOL! RT : “SusieWargin: Been chosen as 1 of 4...to interview " U R the only reporter who's in better shape than Mrs.O!
The knicks have scored 72 first half points.
Glad you liked it - easy to write about such a great concept!
Bruce "it's never too early for ice cream" Boudreaux.
Unless you're a Tigers outfielder. RT : Seattle is relentless. You do not shit on Seattle and walk away unscathed.
I got an email saying you had favourited a tweet and I KNEW it would be that one.
Hey man, everything is all updated and correct! My apologies in my A.D.D. nature, I should have checked haha
Meandre 2.0's Snowfield Execution Engine: getting away from limitations of single JVM using #Scala's actors.
Why did the US have to name Bin Laden #Geronimo? At least they didnt use Apache helicopters! Why not call him #Custer?
Foot, meet Mouth. Oh, you two know each other already?
Good Morning #Philadelphia, want to thank everyone who came out to #TechInMotionPhilly last night it was a blast!
Third quarter wasn't kind because you're playing worse defense than Charlotte. Get it together or kiss the playoffs goodbye.
It's just not in me to deceive another, like most... I guess I'm cut from a different cloth. (the right one... Smh.)
thanks! I'm very lucky.
ARE THE DATES COMING THIS WEEK? PLEASE COME TO BOSTON!
Me: "but dad, it's my job to poke fun at my siblings." my dad, "yeah, well payback's a bitch."
Building my new blog over at icraigery.com! Hope to see you all there as soon as I get it up and running!
Just rocked it at the encore lounge :)
Look Out For The World Premiere of Hott New Video "Talking Bout Da DonSon " ft. D.I. Game Changers
My little cousin Hayley just called me crying because i didn't come to the family cookout because i'm sick. My heart is broke. omg.
Are you a local #sandiego #lajolla company that is interested in promoting a successful campaign with ? DM me your email!
YOUR WELCOME
#df11 I say again: it's about working differently.
the soup pot ate my bay leaf apologies to whomever ends up with it in their bowl!
Dudes be having me to weak when they be trying to spit game. Like HAVE A SEAT PLEASE!!!
In Boise on work travel this week & play Boise State. Fate? I THINK SO!
#4WordsYouDontWannaHear we need to talk.
"Seize from every moment its unique novelty and do not prepare your joys" -Andre Gide
It just dawned on me that I have an easier time working with multiples of 12 if I think in terms of cases of wine.
The name of the Lord is a strong tower; The righteous run to it & are safe. -Proverbs 18:10
I love mindless behavior (I follow all my followers seriously check) princeton, roc royal, ray ray, prodigy
In april i hope is official. Welcome to Buffalo.
You're so informative and make such fantastic things!
One door of happiness closes, others open, we often wait so long at a closed door we don't see the one that has been opened for us.
Machine Boobs
There are a lot of penguins on Twitter if that's the case. RT : The average penguin has only one orgasm a year.
Unlimited Golf + 40 Tokens for the Arcade is only $12.00 every Tuesday & Thursday! Upgrade to Unlimited Rides For Only $5.00 More!
“: Wishin' I was, knee deep in the water somewhere. -Zac Brown Band” True that
updated my website and drinking starbucks coffee...yum www.michaelcalixtro.com
mind explaining Berry to me? I'm kinda lost here. xx
Thanks! I will be more responsive when I land
The crowd is going to be deafening if this PK is successful.
Then he stole its candy.
Hi brilong87, I can't message you back if you're not a follower. Anyways the answer to your Q is yes.
You know that feeling when you just feel like a total loser? Yeah, that's the one.
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. ~Albert Einstein
So Obama flip-flopped on the issue of SSM?
I do! Was just introduced to you today on a music forum. Your music is just LOVELY. :)
has been packed all day long. If you are just getting to the show, head on over to the Pro Shop.
People usually have to listen to our music a few times before they get it, but if they do they end up loving it.
So many wildflowers. Feels like heaven amongst them.
And if you ask me if I love him, I'd lie. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Not all the way kosher as in separate pots/pans. It's more for health reason. We came fr a region whr we eat veggie mostly.
"Twitter: the only place where you get excited when a stranger follows you."
Thanks for following me on Twitter ~ Look forward to following you too and being blessed in the Lord. Smiles!
Wow. God really does know more then me(He just proved itP. If I just rely on Him&trust in Him, i'll be alright
just woke up with the worst back pain ever. why did I sleep on my stomach all night?? owie!
- how much you want for it? those are nice guitars
RT : Sucks if u gotta lie 2 a nigga bout da time of an event just because he will be late every time u tell him da right time
“Hey, did you get a haircut?” No, I dyed the tips invisible.
Appreciate the shout out!
Scientists aren't sure what color dinosaurs were. Good to know :)
I think u should get SSI for dat! Lmbo RT : Must suck to have a flat butt
EPIC return for Lesnar on Raw....wewantlesnar F-5 and entrance music made my day!
The red indians called it the peace pipe
Thanks for the tweet. Tiff and I love this topic:)
Our sale on Monster Karts ends this weekend, so get orders in now. $800 off one Monster Kart and $1000 off each if you order multiple
bird ass ninjas!
Time To Talk To Followers :)
SUCH great energy rollin thru my body today <3
It certainly comes to mind!
Pamper my self at 5star reflexology..heaven on earth.
oh. Haha nice! He better treat you right!
So the Mav's are putting Lamarr Odom in the D-League! What??? Hahahahahahahahahahahah thats what he gets for being a damn BIG cry baby! Bum
Yo man...I am listening to your joints on Sound Cloud. You got some new heat I see...
There are some interviews that stay with you for a long time / this morning's installment of #nprfamilymatters is one of those cc
Floyd mayweather was doing too much on ridiculousness
if u see Bette Midler, 1st, tell her I love her, 2nd get a picture of her throwin' a gangsta' sign. Please and thx.
hey tripst3r! we already do chat and are adding text-a-librarian using a product called Twilio. Some libraries use GoogleVoice.
my last hunting trip turned into the hunger games
I already new that since yesterday lol Wow ur late goodbye love ya
London for 3 hours
Martha Burtis says #ds106 could not have succeeded with the help of the Twitter community.
he shaved his line beard in the pkg lot of the studio.
Sometimes itt seems like he juss dnt care, so why should I ?
oh me too! Thank you for posting this!
what? Who?
yea at the same time as tuesday
Nice to see emmanuelle chriqui dressed in sweat pants a t-shirt yesterday..low key casual
and the same to u for the RT
16 years ago Andrew and I decided the other person was cool enough to spend a lot of time with. It is hard to believe it has been that long.
Have a great trip this week! Safe travels!
The part in the court!!:)
this is a louisville tourny there's no way we'll both make it
had a concert n Chicago today how come I didnt kno I wanted to go :(
3 things in life when gone never come back: time, words & opportunity. 3 things in life that should never be lost: peace, hope & honesty.
Omg when is this over
On 2 hours of sleep. And working all day.
plz read my first ever bls chapter!!! u totaly inspired me to do it!!
all in one sandwiches, this may be good
Some people can have everything in the world they ever dreamed of and still not be satisfied
Thanks for coming! Cool pic!
Today it's all Greek to me: , #Song of Achilles, and a fabulous Greek lunch in San Diego
Just saw my fav. Cousin on my daddy side yayyy!! #happy af
Friday I am speaking at TVCS chapel...should be back before dinner.
Im about to throw my phone in the pool -____-
Indeed. It's a big year for us!
Hope you are doing well! Have a great weekend!!
Depends we almost always send priority shipping. so a week or two RT : how long does delivery usually take?
I hope knows he can eat all he wants and there will always be room for him in my heart.
vodka cheerios = Jessica's worst idea ever
hahaha thug club!
RT : "Beth's stands up straight but mine's all floppy." Out of context quote of the day courtesy of
dude I'm trying to cram everything into these hours. All the best to you. Blessed week bro.
Follow us on Twitter to get the latest news on how to treat your back and neck pain with the most minimally invasive answers.
Must win for the Grizzles.
Just finished my 300 Workout. Sexy and I know It! #ThisIsSparta - XavierLT. com
Recording vocals on 5 tracks...UH...lot's of track management ahead of me:)
y'all need to take someone with you when y'all go out to eat to make sure it's not poisoned! LOL Stay safe!
Please join us for Easter Brunch this Sunday we will be featuring Bottomless Mimosas and Bellinis for $7 until 3pm!!
How old are you? How old am I? # dealing with these chicks playing on my phone!
hahaha. awk. ok. the stalkers will tell you tomorrow (:
Aw, our twitter avatar got changed to the bird. :( I kinda liked the skeptical face! Won't someone make us a pretty avatar?
Up can't sleep
hi guyz I hOpE JuStIn BiEbEr wIlL WiN On kIdS ChOiCeS aWaRd LoLx SoO Ya jUsTiN bIeBer :)
A Nigga A Grown Man So I Want A Grown Bitch Not No Kidde Bitch....RealShidd #TeamRudeNReckle$$
That was funny, but I don't like you. Therefore I will not laugh.
I hate the twitter app, it's so confusing. That's why I use Echofon xD
thanks for following. I BET you are glad we are following you. Like the lame pun?
i hate when girls know that the guy they're talking to flirts with 100 other girls but does nothing about it .
Yea i miss you.... But u just not the same person that i loved
opening day today. life starts today
Hahahah, The Graham Norton Show is my new favorite.
thats a good way to look at things
I remember when i first saw perform at diggys concert.I ran to the stage didnt even know who they were but they murdered the stage
I really really REALLY don't want to go to lifegaurd training.
Okay Guys and Dolls - I am LIVE with the boys, let's chew the world up right - Zenlive.tv
“: Just had a major flatline on the #greysanatomy finale and we're not even into the second half; Shonda, the grim reaper.”
Stop being ratchet with that "wiff" and okay when ... I leave Thursday
that's a good question lol, workin I guess
Watching Magic City with Viggle Fri | 10PM | Starz Get real rewards just for watching TV.
we just wanna party, mama sorry, I'm so higggghhhhh
Let's go Timbers!
Thanks Jen, I'll check out dates and get back to you. I'd love to see #Transsexualsfromspace I'll have to find a ride out there!
website is wonky. Like. bogged down to hell.
Ah, it's raining. Much more in line with my mood, headache, etc
I'm not talking about self presentation, I'm talking about external features. I never did understand that shit!!!!
Yeah, but it's a helpless feeling, wondering if you're OK.
Heading to #lakewales for a #Brighthouse media booking! Never been. Anyone know anything about lake wales?!
Thanks for the follow my dear! ;)
what a good idea! then I would get to hang out with you! Love that idea.
Solid, solid show from tonight. Saved some of their better material for the end, but that's to be expected.
AAAAHHHHH JUSTIN BIEBER IS ON RIDICULISNESS...
New Years Resolution- Get your Infiniti serviced regularly at Infiniti of Denver.
Apparently i decided to get lunch @ capriotti's along w/ the entire clark county fire dept. Or @ least two trucks worth.
the outside door open...
RT : MUCH LOVE AND RESPECT...GREAT THINGS COM.N OUR WAY!!! (Thanks 4da Love I wish U the world)
Place your order ,it's only 3 bucks per delivery!!!!
Looking forward to hearing about big content in online video from , & #RashidaJones at the #newfront today
A quick question: Some manga went on hiatus last year, and I wondered if there was any news updates on the titles returning?
Well done RT : This Charming Ham
Bipolar people need to gtfo
Signed, sealed, delivered . . . I'm yours.
Words from the mouth of a Madtown Munchies customer: "I hope your night stays strippertastic"
Mabad Ill Text You Rite Now , Ahaha Jk ; D ": - M. Well ' iWaited For A Text From You , /: iNever Got Onee .."
Thanks for the RTs, friends. Hope there's a magnum under your tree (or menorah, or whatever) this year!
they should - RT : Wearing #brewers gear on a train full of #giants fans & feel like they all envy me.
So tired. I talked on the phone with him for 5 hours and 44 minutes last night <3
Customers and grizzlies are always right!
has me watching all kind of youtube videos. I think she's obsessed!!
I LOVE Dr.Wiggy's
Definitely don't remember taking that picture last night.
Hearts freaking racing rn.
It's sad when 3" of snow is a novelty in #Roc on January 30.
We have a winner!
RT : Let us welcome another #ILSHRM Chapter to Twitter
Agree with Tom Tolbert/KNBR: "The Giants have a minor league infield."
i LOVE this world(: I bought a new dictionary and you wouldnt belive what they added to it(:
HEY TWEETIE BABIES!!
What, if anything, would you "do-over" Ms M?
Have a great day Joey! Thanks for the mention!
Who cares whether this is a poem or rhyme, I will love you until the end of time.
Warning: the hot peppers at Subway are insanely hot. My eyes are watering and 's lips are currently swelling.
If you tell yo Kids "Let's Eat Eat" or calling people they "Tee Tee" or "Cee Cee" you a Hoodrat & can't Celebrate Mothers Day
hey Emily! Thanks for the #housingforall support! We look forward to tweeting with you!
Ill ship mine to u so u can shampoo it also~ek
There are cats fighting outside my window... It makes me sad.. I wanna counsel them...
It's cool, English/media studies spent a few decades worrying that because stuff wasn't on paper all truth and meaning was dead.
Thats why idont reconnect with friends from the past becuz its not the same anymore...
Musicians and artists alike tap into a part of their brain that is very miraculous.
with you(; an cuz I said so
yes would be great!
Going to NYC this weekend to be in a jail cell for a mafia show on the Discovery Channel... "The Mob and Me"...How fun is this acting thing?
Thank you Anya and Yu for your support, I really appreciate you taking a few moments to check me out, Blessings!
Man, when you are fired up, work can't come fast enough...
im bout to buy some Shaq's on yall ass
Doh! Cousin just scored! Woo! #Rays See what I mean!?
Late thou lol
i'm the same way. that's why i've been in bed all day.
I once fell off a jet ski and broke my leg
i need someone to sing to me...singing relaxes my soul... send me bossladytee dedication videos and win a freeHD video<3
Off to Comedy Works with the TriStyleGirls.com! Next event? SEX TOYS party!! So much fun- check the website for details! Free to join!
Graduation, moving out, getting married. I have a lot ahead of me.
Just finished week 2 day 2 of #C25K with ! Running for a cause with
Well its the truth I miss dat wet wet lol
When #HIV px are undetectable there is a 96% reduction in infection That's why treatment is important
Amen to that ! RT : What is interesting is that there *are* religious traditions who marry same-sex couples, remember that.
Tazers, subscription to Bowhunter magazine, copy of Mein Kampf, home brew kit - just a couple of ideas
thank u
thanks for the shout out Nick. Hope you took away an idea
meet at lunch?
Lol I got u c not on here much
I just wanna know why its snowing considering it was 70 this week.
Coming very soon !!! HOMEGROWN Production beats for sale ...
#EastSideMustHaves Flag pole out in the front yard
While at work, instead of lounging around in the cafeteria during coffee breaks, consider taking a brisk walk round the block.
i don't care how hot it is , no matter what i have to sleep with a blanket on .
#moverslongisland awaiting your request. We have a 14ft available right now, 1, 2 or 3 men at Your request! $50 to $90 per hour.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!87
If it gets a million, will you shut down TMZ forever? “: If THIS tweet gets 1,000 RTs, we'll never tweet about Kim Kardashian again”
christens Oct. 8, 2009 the Infamous Day of Inappropriate Pet Urination, Defecation, and Regurgitation
my little sister and cousin down stairs making breakfast
Never lived there. I meant when we were kids anyway. Nice to meet you though! Thanks for your banana tweets!
I wish I could steal boyfriends, because all the good ones are all ready taken seems like, pisses off :/
i mean he may have another song i like later on but as far as that song goes no i dont.
Awesome! Keep up the great work.
hey handsome sup?
Sounds good, thanks! I will contact you later this week. Appreciate it
studio grind
Thanks for the support on Twitter and Facebook!
I'm not stupid. I'm just too lazy to show how smart I am.
If being gay is ok, why is everyone harshing on Travolta?
Picking up and his wife at the airport! Can't wait to see the whole fam!
omg jasmine ur my idol. i love u so much 143 :]
Kfc? Im down... RT nothing like fine dining in Dixon #KFC'
Thanks to everyone that came out last. night...... Good times.. Winter Freeze will be the next big party in December!
Guess ima chill til It's time ta get off
"Do you have an iPhone? I need to charge my phone." "No, I don't have an iPhone, but I do have a charger for iPhone."
To our neighbors on Saturday nights...sorry for party rockin
Glad I played sports in grade school because I ate really bad and often.
My 3yo just informed me there's now a flower in my huge cup of coffee from the gas station.wondering, how much harm could a teeny flower do?
Some dude tried to sell me a rack of ribs out of his car on my walk home from work today. Almost took him up on it...
Done playing robot chauffeur
I am beyond nervous right now for this test.
Anyone else headed to the NW Foodservice Show/ today? I'd love to say hi!
get at if u want real handcrafted scissors made by me for true pros only hit me up !
“: . , had a blast last night, happy belated lovie!.” - had so much fun with you! I better see you more often! Xo
Too Bynum needs a trim. And how he has so much white hair? He 23 and rich
Agent J travels back in time to the year 1969.
State Farm is there!
I'm there! RT I'll be on #pearljam Sirius xm for the next 2 hours. Gonna dig deep, happy #PJ20 boys and girls
omg. You can't spell "work"? You are NOT ready to graduate!
The ideology of T3AMAV3NG3R$ is simple. Be influential, be innovative, and exceed the level of your performance within your craft.
Clothing store buyers will see clothing lines on blogs, in forum communities, and other publications they frequent
Testing twitter via SMS
Some say the glass is half-full, others say the glass is just obnoxious.
I'm guilty: 80% of smartphone users use them to help with shopping. What are the only 20% using for product reviews?!?
oh, that reminds me, I have to let the census know I am not the child of the "k---mann family"....
#RAWartists Raleigh is officially up on Twitter! Let's get this thing kickin'!
I mean tots!!!!
Will do! Thank you :)
so I know I've been delinquent in documenting the war over the AD job here but there's been so much to relate!
Black keys, radiohead, Bon iver, the weekend, the shins. I'm not too happy right now
Every day, I think about my faults and in some way try to make them better. #Growth&Wisdom
Love the new fitness center in the union!
Demi Lovato Goes Blonde for X Factor Announcement
Very Interested in this outcome. Please keep us posted RT Baltimore County Elected School Board bill now up for debate.
A 2 hour roadtrip during sunrise is a wonderful experience! It only gets better that I'm listening to to praise my God!
Yay!!! Congrats Lily Allen () on your new baby girl!! x
Im gonna replace everyone with music.
Winter Farmers Market located at Carmel's City Center, Rangeline Rd. and City Center Drive.
Just hand me the chocolate and no one gets hurt...
hope , we dont .. get in a car accident . everybody drunk , ..;
My teacher asked me when was the last time I did illegal drugs haha um never? Was that the correct answer?
MT Prelinger: Adding layers and formalities to re-use will spread wrong beliefs & distrust of copyright
yes , that whole album is EVERYTHING !!!! i swear that bitch go harder every album !
Me at school 10 minutes of doing school work, 35 minutes of being on twitter.
whenever... I'm down here in line... It's in my pocket
Lol thank you! It was great meeting you! Please stay tuned for my music!;) Be blessed!
CD Release show in the works... Most likely Saturday Oct. 15th at Church of Boston. Will confirm by the end of the week :)
is going to eat my balls for dinner, and love them.
biked 30 miles through Ohio today!
Looking at comments trending Basketball Wives. Umm...stop being so "dramatic", its entertainment! it doesnt set blk woman back!
I got it bad:/
ANY AGENTS OUT THERE LOOKING FOR IDENTICAL TWINS- WELL LOOK NO FURTHER CAUSE WE ARE RIGHT HERE. Looking for a new agent
Damn, John MacClane almost stuck himself on an exposed bolt. Would have been very unpleasant.
This girls having an orgasm cutting my meat at the deli
Bong Greatness? We sure it was pizza that got delivered?
SN 55! turns 15, goes low, a work by and protests over #disenfrancategorization by
Fact: You won't make it in baseball if you hate country music.
i'm lovinnnn 's tweets right now. <U+2764><U+2764>
Apr 28…Fools » Culture, Literature, History, NYC, Famous People ...
LOL Laker fans. As a Nuggets fan, I can say that I don't know what its like to lose in the 2nd round. Fucking losers.
for those looking to recoup their initial investment on the project I would paraphrase carl spackler..
The inspiring true story "Dolphin Tale" is playing Monday through Wednesday at 7pm for only $1!
All about strengthening my mind 2 day
she will be a lifelong #VanHalen fan now!
I have other business in NYC so timed it all to work out but still looking to attend LA as well
Fair bound
I hate the lakers except Jordan hill!
A response too???
hey you...did you say you had read my book?
Same here papa.I'm proud of Our PRESIDENT ! Let the haters hold the hate!
just raining here 4 now
representing the #B1G today boys!
When You Honestly Could Care Less >
When people are mad they misspell. Look for misspellings of your brand in your searches
People say shit about me and act like i care.Haha its like get a life u fuckn cunt!(: got betta things to do,so have fun with ur boring life
. is reporting lots of votes in the Madison area for GOP candidate but Capitol anti-Walker protester Arthur Kohl-Riggs.
Just devoured our first round of leftovers, finally see some room in the fridge!
Good luck on your reading!
“: <U+2729> ATTN Producers get you r beats mixed and mastered DM for info <U+266C>”
I might be doing too much... but I made this far...
LT looks like... pretty much the same LT that didn't do much last year. Put Greene in!
I need to find out where the most nearby American Idol tryouts are and when.
When I need massages my bf gives me a full body massage for like an hour straight, he's amazing lol
#Pinterest. Already addicted. Just. Like. That.
I KNOW you had a fantastic time tonight!!!
Please show your gratitude for ... none of us understands the struggle and sacrifice he makes
#POTUS has mentioned many times that teachers in South Korea are often referred to as "Nation Builders".
RETURN OF THE HIT SQUAD/ROCK THE BELLS 2012
www.whoistrillogy.com Get With It People!
most people don't appreciate what they have until is gone
oh congratulations, sweetie. We so love a June wedding. #hint-hint ;-)
how?! Cam had an all time rookie yr
registered for #ala12 in Anaheim. I hope to see you all there!
sure that if there's one thing America needs, it's more lawyers
thanks fir visiting
awesome! It's a cool city! Have fun!
Of course Alicia wants to take the worthless people to the final three. She hasn't done anything either!
I can see that. Actually, he'd make a pretty good serial killer seeing how sociopathic his Sherlock character is.
I'm may just scream if you tweet about NY again!!
Since I was a little girl, I've always put sliced bananas in my chocolate milk.
NO SCHOOL! I hate snow days-but I'm very tired.
There is a fundamental disconnect in the sartorial tastes of Wall St & Silicon Valley. SV's rich are not prone to Armani
Holy Dave Sieger flashbacks!!
well happy holidays to u 2 missy.
“ Relationships takes TWO people. Not one person being faithful and another acting single.””
Thanks, will give it a go!
Thanks for the new follows and people who RT us.
No! JIMMY PERTESTED!
“manifestations of black women’s consciousness” in women’s music, which she describes as “part and parcel of women’s culture”
Never playing Ball with older mans
One question, where did you find your background pictures?
still upset on mj's death
I mean a kid did a lot of waitin', we ain't married but tonight I need some consummation
He stealing Dwight Howard sh1t!
Best...work...party...EVER!
There's fireflies all over my balcony.. reminds me of my moms :)
I Pulled Up In That Lam, Niggas Say I Disrespect Em
you busy on the 30th? ;D
We're sorry Social Media, we haven't forgotten you exist, we've just been too busy saving the world from invading space aliens. Seriously.
Using the handicapped stall...$0. Using a handicapped parking spot...$250. Using a handicapped person as a human shield...Priceless.
FYI it doesn't matter if I've known you for 2min. or 10yrs...lie 2me once&I will never fully trust the words that come out of ur mouth again
there hasn't been a really good Scary Movie in AGES! a really good horror needs to come out!
Inge double...darn
"it could be a transparent mirror! Oh wait, that's call a window.. " LMAO
i cant wait to see my mommy. i need her.
Do you know how many fans you have here in Chicago? You should come visit of ICONiacs we're waiting for you. RT? Reply?
In the streetz of LA D.O.E the squad !!!!!!!!
Did you have the New York Strip? It really is amazing.
#YouGetMajorPointsIf I can trust you...
3 keys to a successful music brand: It's unique. Makes a Promise. Delivers Value.
Happy birthday ! Looking forward to dinner tonight! If the restaurant's not closed or burned down or something. ;)
they are so crispy because we hand-dip and fry them per order. Thanks for letting us feed you!
So..... Shit just got real!
Had a good set at San Jose
she was jealous! LOL
Enuf said :) RT : It is only bad when you can feel the clippings bounce off your cheek.
Im sorry if I sound a little angry or annoyed but I am angry and annoyed when I see you not doing your damn job.
RT : has a nice advertisement for #wonk campaign in today's Washington CityPaper. Front cover sticker and inside page!
I luv u man! That's real. Keep doing ur thing. U see I came to watch u play today.
My work here is done. :-)
Also in the running: FRIDAY THE 13th PART V. SLEEPAWAY CAMP. SILENT NIGHT, DEADLY NIGHT. And, uh, SCREAM 3.
Im sexy on the internet and in real life BITCH <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Haha but it is! Do you shop for pants at the same place spongebob shops at?
Im sure u will, boo-licious. Keep ur head up! :*
Had some extra beauty sleep lastnight, now I'm feeling rejouvinated
quick, somebody bring me a cheesecake!
Hells yeah. RT Get out to this!! RT : The Whistle Stop is tomorrow. And it's a free show!
How are all of you doing? I haven't tweeted for awhile. I was sick it was a fever called SCHOOL. Well bye-guys tweet later!
"how many skies have you rimmed?"
Our music's kind of about taking something ugly and making it beautiful. - Jerry Cantrell
whats good lets work
1d tickets today. wow.
make a genius bar appointment and bring it to the Apple store. They are very generous about fixing those things for free.
": Ppl lie for two reasons, to keep from hurting someone,or to hurt someone on purpose, either way its wrong"
hey , 2 days in and already 6 tweets? You must be bored. Especially since & aren't following you yet.
Reason #5 I'm glad to be a Packers fan: has some hilarious jokes.
Look closely for the Camobunga tour promo, sweep, and cue.
3 nights in a row I've had a dream about this cute guy in my grade.. I hate that they're dreams. Lol :c
i Need To Do Something About My Acne . . That Shits Ugly
SPREAD THE WORD ABOUT HBN – plz RT our updates – exciting/wonderful things R happening & we want 2 share w/ EVERY1 – God Bless U – HBN TV
#ThePerfectBoyfriend is one who enjoys spending time with you>>>>>>
sausage + shrooms + red onion + garlic + ketchup + wrap = harper lunch extraordinaire
ha. I had to truncate a bit for tweet, but yeah.
Hi. Can anyone give me a link where it actually shows the practice times at Alabama? Can't find it on Indycar's website...shocker!
Agreed. Methinks "Uptown".
Just found your tweet. There's no "d" in my last name. How are you doing?
I think i got 4 of 8 playoff teams right: Rays, Tigers, Brewers, Phils. Bombed on my WS picks: Rocks and A's. Red sox and Braves the last 2
I clearly ignored that...
yes. I've been out. Freeze is in charge and expect updates from him from now on. Sorry for the delays.
I deduce you like the Hobbit. They're also filiming the Runelords picture, if you've read it. Vote on the actors
Tim Tebow officially a #Jet !!!
Girl day with my mommy & sister >
I love that suit!
Watchin CUBS-CARDS on WGN. Grandson over later and spending nite, hope to be able to watch REDS game, need it to get to even. GO REDS!!!
it sure was! Great to finally meet you!
A boat w/o an anchor, is a boat that's going to sail.
will u come bak to california ? ^.^
RT anyone using an iPhone case with a built in battery? Any recs for an iPhone 4 version?
That's a great genre to read! So many great stories. What's one of your favorites?
#SometimesYouHaveTo what you have to do....
Come to New Mexico. It'ss not all desert.
I'm going to be at Heroes In Heels tomorrow to help women in Tampa Bay. It won't be the first time i've worn heels...just saying.
That makes two of us.
"I wasn't that drunk.", "Dude, you gave a sock to a midget and yelled, 'DOBBY, YOU'RE FREE!"
miss u too
“: Looks like Houston is coming....M&T is gonna be CRAZY!!!”. You know it!!!!
Damn, damn, damn, damn!.
Teachers who don't put tests in the make up box like they say they do are annoying
Madea's Big Happy Family! BYRANNNNNNNNNNN...N i sound like a SSSIIIIRREEEEENNNNNNN!
Ha ha! 3M totally does make some killer Touch Monitors :)
How about $1250 in football sqrs 4 the Big Game? Play in our poker rm all week 4 your chance to win! See a supervisor for complete details
Flying "care"?
Flight to Portland booked! Can't wait for SCAA.
Not yet, but my husband used to live there. Can't wait to visit! The food is to die for, from what I understand.
In honor of #BannedBooksWeek, our mascot Cozette's #reading Lassie. Her Mom wouldn't let her as a kitten. What are you doing to celebrate?
what Re you doing tonight?
Rain with no clouds above me.
Maybe first time "managed bankruptcy" received applause
Every Wendsday I wonder when will finally move up to senior high. :'(
We're pumped 4 tomorrow night! will be on Jay Leno's couch along with Robin Williams and Maria Bellow! Watch #nbc and
Phone dead..
#represent hot track
Getting Mad Over Stupid Stuff
2 more hours til dessert RT Dinner at #SXSW with and friends
#oddneighbor went into the woods to pick 'shrooms. I hope she and #oddfriend get all kinds of trippy.
thanks for the RT!
thinking of the art work for the new collection .... *brainstorms hard* !
So I guess isn't gonna follow me.... I feel so unloved.</3
Surf's Up! Check out the newest warmer and tangerine tango fragrance, Yummy!
Thanks Abby, and agreed, it was a great episode, loved doing it!
I still wana go -___- Friday?
Looks like it's on Soundcloud but their site is down :(
I love peyton manning
your one in a googleplex<3
Hoe, you just mad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
reading Chekhov for my short story ideas-but not really reading either. Just listening to Helicopters, wondering why I'm not out there.
Help! I need an online survey site where I can build both push-button and open end questions, and export the data to Excel when I'm done.
Respect is earned. Respect is never given. If you want respect, respect those people around you.
Where are you going? or just picking up volunteers?
thank you!!!
My fate is in Jesus! Jesus is #1 in my life ! Kick out your evil ! build your Faith ! Do anything in His Name !
Starting now on the Clevelander rooftop till 9pm...my set is going to be off the chain..come bye
... Its "Group Porn" for everyone who lives in the apartment
we're working on it. Will make announcements as we approach closer to completion. :)
If a composer could say what he had to say in words he would not bother trying to say it in music.
doing it by yourself is weird, doing it with others is a group
Quote of the night: "It is much more disheartening to have to steal than to be stole from." - The Red Shoes
Goodnight bby! (: Make my night & say it back <3 (:
he'd liked your song that you wrote. dude that song is gonna be a single i know it, its probably one of my favorites
cause I start putting "n" in sending message and your name popsout first
Let's go Munich
In like a lamb, this is almost Fiero weather
Well, only threw 38 because of Byrd, Ross, et al. But yeah, it's...unfortunate.
At night I can't sleep. In the morning I can't wake up.
you know when a graffiti writer says, man rough night. sometimes he aint talkin about drinkin
its freezing at my school too. I always being my jacket while the teachers and some kids wear shorts and t shirts!
I think we can all agree that Coolwater is at better than Joop (if you remember that stuff).
I think I gave them too much credit. I think the message is "smart food," since mortarboard=brains(?) Designer fruit, go figure!
Here's to the Mahomies who actually love and care about Austin, not just for his looks.
I will be selling one of my domain names on namepros.com by auction if anyone out there wants to buy cawine.co please let me know!
The no WiFi stunk last year. I would have thought San Diego would have it...:(
Pretty damn tired.
Most folks wont even read the new terms... What are you going to do, opt out?
Her twitter is :)
RT Happy Birthday!!! : I'M the birthday boy.... :)
Sweet! I use to be in hospitality. I was social manager for Provenance Hotels. Miss it sometimes but love my new gig. :)
RT : Special welcome to all the FAM attendees and media in Cleveland for the 2012 Rock Hall Induction Ceremony.
Yal Anit Ish on TV Tonight.. I'm BORED
did - and replied ;)
Faith is, at one and the same time, absolutely necessary and altogether impossible.
Daily Dose of Goodness: "A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it." -Bob Hope
Grammy's at 8. Congrats to McCartney on his award! Almost 70 and still rockin'
need one more and a tender
Loaded gun complex... Cock it and pull it.
Thank you for the props and #Klout!
I never thought I would make it four days on this pizza-and-doughnut cleanse, and yet here I am.
What did I miss today?
thnks nd its jst one person and I'm a dude
Ah, hello teams! We're checking out to see if this may be a good tool for us. Thoughts?
Starting to not care and it's a sweet feeling
seriously!! i have at least 3.
New tour dates check iit out at www.platinumposts.com cclick on platinum tour dates
not technically in this town....but in Bayview. Place called Hué. AMAZING!!
happy new year
It is so easy to get lost in A Wedding in Haiti by Julia Alvarez! Recommend!
You can do anything you want to do, anything you set your mind to and achieve any vision God placed in your heart!
Aug and Sept 2011 -- "What is Happening in NYS Early Intervention" Awareness Months. Http://unitednyeiproviders.weebly.com/action-alert.html
Its about to be chow down time :)
If pro is opposite of con, then what is the opposite of progress?
Well I missed the pay out on the race does anyone know!
omg maybe we'll have classes together...lol
All the rickshaws are out for the night! Where can we take you??
Solving other people's Excel problems is a low-level super power.
there are no mistakes...just lessons learned!
it did not. Boom.
Selling Your Condo? Ah! Spring! Everyone loves this time of year. The birds are chirping. Flowers are in blooming everywhere you look. Ta
I'm going through withdrawals I haven't seen you in six days. At least we have summer #dfw<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
indeed! its amazing
ah. Kids are intimidating but why? If things go south break out the cupcakes.
Short week but inevitably a fun and productive one. Looking over the Chronicle, reviewing gift annuities, and preparing donor vignettes : )
Just using twitter to complain about how bored I am with Tumblr being down.
#Mets should have kept him! RT Phillip Humber now has more no-hitters than the New York Mets
in case I haven't mentioned it.. I am totally stoked that you're here!
I meant dead I had a typo xD
HAPPY NEW YEARS ! :D
Still looking for up and coming independent artists' music videos. Talk to me!
. professionally speaking, I'm a reporter, not a cheerleader. So I report what I hear and see. That doesn't make me the bad guy.
In worship, God imparts Himself to us. -C.S. Lewis
Financial health and living by skillful means can only be achieved if you know what you earn, what you spend, and where it goes.
lmbooo i just woke up from mine :)
I followed you, can u please FOLLOW in return? Please and thank you :) .
Hard Work Pays Off...Finna Upload "Dope Is My Last Name"
Thanks for the follow Verve!
couldnt do it without you(:!!
dude, I gotta get some sleep. Twitter is telling me that "The Secret World Of Alex Mack" is trending.
i did lmao, 10 min boy
should call their street team leaders for doin' a good job! :)
It can happen to the best of us, as the large number of unpurchased penguin cocktail shakers would indicate.
Actually you died about 31 times
Another day, another rain storm in #Denver. Who knew we have a monsoon season @ 5280!!
I love it when i hear lyrics that totally apply to my current situation...
lesson to all parents, take your kids to sports authority!
yeh, that's O. & sometimes at home, he drives me mad w/need for pretend.
Thank you for the RT!
and just for the record? 30% is the Kickstarter tipping point. The gross majority of KS's that hit 30% make good. So congrats :)
I still don't think the Tribe has the offense to hang on in the central... prove me wrong boys, prove me wrong...
I'm very tired -.- it was a LONG practice
Your twitter ID may be hacked... you're sending out phishing messages.... leading to a fake Twitter site.
Thank you!
Happy day to mothers near and far.
ur such a butt. They will survive lol they got each other lol
": Ohio: great state? Or *THE* greatest state?"
Thanks for the MT, Dan! It's a fine segment on Porter's Ether, this week.
oh i thought it was the rays!! wtf!!
Baseball is a terribly boring sport, but tonight was actually entertaining.
Just checked into a room in Indy that I got on Hotwire an hour ago. Same hotel the #patriots stayed at. I'm paying $85 w/tax. They paid....
Fake niggas get Exposed like counterfeit bills! I'm MFL for real!!!!
Maybe I should apply for one..? ;)
Montevalle Park. We can't sty whole time so come down :) help us tweet
Happy first day back to work in 2011! What did you have in your glass when you rang in the new year?
And at the same time I see Israel inject their religion and culture to the U.S. learning content.
I think living smack in the middle of bfe, away from civilization is a good excuse
One more follower to 9000! If could be you....
Pls be kind to gas station attendants. It's not their fault gas prices are high. Smile & give them a cookie instead!
RT *R-T-W-E-E-T* if u want TONS of INSTANT FOLLOWERS! I'll shout u out with my 22,510 [MUST BE FOLLOWING ME]
SEA & SJC are 2nd homes for me, so I should have known to post a spoiler alert. Sorry! But now I understand about the photo!
For what
Spent the morning at the METAL Inc. men's brunch where Martin Sheen was the guest speaker. He was excellent & inspiring!
G2 fr NBC producer: local TV news audience older. People making news decisions much younger & no sense of history older than last month.
The beauty of Twitter is 140 characters. It trains the brain to get to the point in a concise matter.
I fucked this white girl who got a pink rang and she drives fast on the slow lane. she got a neck tattoo and all her clothes are new.
peel her muffin cap back blue!!!!!!!!!
Few hours too late...i found my perfect.
I'm actually partial to FDR and Fala too. FDR is one of my favorite presidents (though I don't think he treated ER right!)
Is Colt Big Ben? Heck no, but adding Blackmon or Khalil would have given him a chance. Same for the Weeden pick.
Hey, all you gamers bitching about the Diablo 3 launch on the forums: Go ahead! You make a better one! Go! Do it!
Yes, hardcover. I gave mine to so I bought it again for my iPad
Or should I go to Youngstown?
That's just mean. Nothing about being a townie is awesome. RT : no that's awesome
It's about that time to start hitting the cages to get in spring form. Do you have your MoZer Bat yet?
Thankful “I Get To!”® work and prepare another keynote today!
Watching #Frontline- Hey young bankers, that feeling in your stomach as you shy away from revealing how much you were paid is called shame.
"Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love." Leave me alone...I'm working! Voodoo
OH MY GOSH I CANT SLEEP. WHAT IS GOING ON?!
Are you working tomorrow?
The #Patriots pre-season schedule is out. They host Jacksonville travel to Tampa Bay and Detroit and host the
Good for him! He is extremely brave & deserves a better quality of living. I'm disgusted by N. Korea. It's no different from Iran.
how r u doing?
RT : It still pains me to see self-employed business owners working 60-70 hrs/wk in their business, thinking they know it all
New car? Hm
nothing, i just regret everything i ate today. ): you won't believe what i ate i'm so pissed
ugh. stfuuuuuu. lol. you are ruining my moment!!!! :P
why not ": ***I AM NOT HOSTING A PARTY IN WILMINGTON, DE ON 5/31***"
and really looking forward to meeting you both out in San Diego this weekend for List Control event!
Shanks friend!
thats cool chip. love how you brought in one of your students to lend their voice to it!
manit smell like hella pet stores in dis room man take dem stank azz rats outta here......
I've read a few of that girl Britany's articles and its boring information. Jen is tv and radio what am I missing here? No comparison
A problem in my geometry book starts: "A lead box for vials of plutonium..." What happened to equations with apples and watermelons?
the next step in quantified self would move beyond simple times series data and hopefully involve network analysis.
People are like... WTF david... lol,
I was wondering why all those people with shotguns were following me.
congrats on the new house! that is exciting:)
predictions on v. GM Robert Hess opening?
No beginning is ever perfect and no ending is ever happy.
Taking Twitter advice from me? Probably also a red flag.
Totally worth staying up the extra hour, You guys rocked that Weenie Roast.
Great cause! Shout out to too! RT: will be on Sun 4 a cooking demonstration- fb.me/1exlbujHC
Man I hope you like some Starburst.
Introducing the lovely to Cristina in Human Bio & excited for the concert being a week before my 19th birthday #ilovecollege :D
how ia it working with Lord Boyd? Tell him uwm panthervision says hi!
FOLLOW ME ON MY MAIN
funding for Community Cohesion in Cape Town South Africa. My mission #feed tummies, minds, spirits
Why is Simon so mean to Nicole? Love her!! RT : "Simon, don't hate - just congratulate!"
"...so much of the toxicity in this world comes from a collective draining of empathy. But theater invites us-no, forces us-to empathize."
Quote of the night: "Damn there's a lot if Cheetos on this stage." - Paco Chaos
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY
Discovering Twitter =)
Don't worry, STH seats are on hold until Friday so you have a chance to purchase them.
Cheers to the UPS guy!!!
GoodMorning!!!!!!!! (; i dont wanna go back to school #Map grrr map ios boring :p
The only guy that calls me is Randy from Chase Visa. *sigh
what did i tell you
Met with some more providers yesterday, getting a good group of educators to contribute to our site!
#10FactsAboutMe 10) I love laughing and people that can take a joke especially mine. If I make fun of myself, then I can make fun of you.
Turn up Turn up Turn up Turn up Turn up On Dese Hoes !
Perfect lunch left over hard boiled eggs and tuna... Yum!!!
@ I Love your kitty
Hearing a few teams have inquired about the #Ravens pick in the 4th round. They're scheduled to pick 3rd today.
Lawyer Joke of the Day: Q: How many lawyers does it take to change a lightbulb? A: How many can you afford? Go to www.TopTierLegalGroup.com
If you don't like what you're doing, then don't do it. ~ Ray Bradbury
Look ma no hands
I love my friends, they are so cute.
The Star in Paducah. Come on down. Seth will give you a kiss.
Amidst historic political upheavals, the torch is lit in Athens. Only 8,000 miles to London.
whats good twitter !
thanks... that album just kills... it's clear when someone is just on a certain level higher than most.
Can't wait! Your the best.
can't deal with lou in that shirt.
haa best links on the web... I'm kicking myself. Now I know where to get those from for future ref.. :) Thanks Pip!
If you actually care about the context: he was reassigning Indiana as a coverage area from the Chicago bureau to Detroit.
Can I get a RT for being a huge Sharks fan? I have a Joe Pavelski jersey! And you threw me a ball once! And it's my birthday!
CINEQUEST was a blast!!! The audience was blown away by our film HARD SILENCE
Never depend on others for what you can do yourself
Today is the day my sis moved out the house gonna miss her !!
No guts. No gator.
nothing much... I'm about to get back in music(: how've you been?
MT #TasteofHillcrest is coming up! Buy your tickets Hillcrest, San Diego 92103
Happy Birthday
Romney seems headed for a 4 - to - 6 point Michigan victory.
guys are selfish jerks -_- exsept for austin alex and robert
Decided to watch Noein again this trip. Been a year or so since the last time. Really sublime anime.
That's what Harbaugh has brought. Even when Stanford good in the past, never as physically tough as they are now.
Jaime Dimon blames Democrats for turning their backs on businesses by regulating them. He just lost AT LEAST $2billion dollars.
when bitches be having that dry as weave in! Take that shit out! Putting it up aint workin.
This white dude pulled out some bacon flavor sun flower seed HIS FRIEND WAS LIKE WOW DUDE I NEVER HAD THEM Now he's teaching them how 2 eat
We love you Rochester. Greatest City in the World!!!
yes we do.
El Gato Negro and the The Avengers.
Thats why you saw lobbyist groups like Fairplay usa with Tom Ridge and Louis Freeh. Thats how they paid them their $ after
“: Waking up at 5:30am is not pleasurable. OMG” for reals
Yea back in Los Angeles!!! Feels great to be home
HA. RT : "Thanks for your note! We don't bid on QLab sales, since we're the only ones selling it."
I wish my library stocked what I watch. Even netflix's selection isn't too great on Indian movies.
What is the over/under for refs changing face off opponents tonight?
you say you feel so blessed right now . thats how i would feel if you followed me
and thanks for following me back! I look forward to your updates :)
Ms. Veronda at Margaret Brent is the best in prek. RT keep #thankateacher trending! Which City Schools' teachers inspired?
AUSTIN IS MOVING What about you and him!?
I should have sent Ben around to your place with the girls. I barely made it off the block but they did a little "shopping"
Excited I get to sleep in the big kids guest room but missing and
Nice to meet you Dr Liz!
Good morning doll!!
Working on my #twerking skills since and are gone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Congrats ! RT : Congrats to Mike Moser, the #MWBB Men's Basketball Player of the Week for Jan. 30!
Authors present include Lee Child, Tess Gerritsen, Charlaine Harris, Karin Slaughter and David Hosp.
3 wks to Chris Tomlin in Abq. @ the KIVA Aud! Want FREE tix? Text TOMLIN to 21947 •Valid for U.S. cells. only Msg&Data rates may apply
Steelhorse just finished 6 non-stop hours of rehearsal ... one cannot live on Southern Rock alone ... pizza and beer needed too!
what's his personal reasons for being out?
The OC. Love :)
Ah, I see. What about (not YA) the short story "The People of Sand and Slag"?
Fun, over the top, home grown, totally Baltimore. Plus is helping build the set!
The train smells like dirty body. Gah-ross.
I came back to tweeter world :) !!!! Happy Friday !!!
yea y
yep. That's my name (:
wait up, I don't think I get that ref :-(
or when speaking of that kid in Home Alone who wets the bed. re: appropriate uses of "fuller"
that's definitely the best one
Yeaa cop this when it leak, 4 bars in the intro courtesy of me roc ;-*
I love when Alex says goodnight, then tweets again!<3 haha
Would feel bad for the requisite taunting that , , will receive, but eh
I know crazy.
The President has kept all of the promises he intended to keep.
I Hope He Gets Better!!! I'll Pray For Him<3
V-Day shopping last night at the mall: it was foggy and cold -- men staggering from store to store with lost zombie looks in their eyes.
They are still around. Different places now. The "normals" found the dives. Neighborhoods changed. all still there just new spots
You ever find your old phone?
I ha school too but I left at 12!
#TwitterToughGuy RT : Don't trust anyone with under 500 followers or if they don't work at a credible media outlet
YES! Remind yourself to share your most beautiful & truthful voice from the heart. It don't need no sugar!
Upside of Wroten, Ross, leaving: #UWHuskies might be able to get by with just one basketball per game.
Omg Rory's on Glee. Crying tears of happiness…
The DC-Colorado game. Can't watch it live, but wanted to see it from beginning to end later tonight. Not sure if I can.
get to work tokio!
thanks I owe you a fabulous new find ;-)
So, how many pushups did you do for the endurance test? We're on the edge of our seat :)
my bad, yea I got you
It's so hot in my house
Cleaning this messy room of mine...so much on my mind
Lakers are bleeding.
Seeking #Sales leaders in #Detroit #Stamford #Milford #Philadelphia - #software exp pref. -- email resumes to
me too.lol(; stupid teachers!(:
"What is this crap!! "
#BillyCrystal and #TomHanks are class acts. They started the #Oscars out right. #Hugo is 2 for 2. It has a nice lead on
Thanks!!! // 5oz Free since opening till this wkend. Show them your FB check in.
Glad #Jermaine won and gave God the glory
Happy #StPattysDay! Fact: there are 36 million U.S. citizens from Irish descent - that’s 9x the population of Ireland itself!
dude, lotus flower video....awesome
too uch shots can fuck you up
Who's a Grey's Anatomy fan???
keep sending hacked DM's
The secret of a good life is to have the right loyalties and hold them in the right scale of values. Thomas, Norman
oh sterling knight sister is on it :)
oh well i forgot about you, and you forgot about me too!
It's almost here! Join us for Millie's Miracle Spirit Night on March 29th as we help a child in need. Come out and show your support!
Hell yes we are. #imissyoutoogirl (:
About to talk at #crs2012 with about creating digital content. Come say hi.
today is the first day you can vote for the dc mayor!! come on dc, get out the vote! :-)
We can't rush our way to our destiny
it's all about balance and prayers. Looking forward to a great class tonight!
I can't feel my toesies:(
I am so happy:)
sounds great please give me a follow and dm me buddy, much appreciated
Vigorous & spirited debate at CC last night, w many very smart young people. Glad to help young conservatives make their case.
I laugh at the grief #MUBB is getting If I was on the team in college I would've been kicked off the team after orientation weekend
Happy Valentine's Day to all <3
Love that an appropriate amount of clothes for a 3 day trip to San Diego easily fit into a backpack
to your house?
God Morning :P
What Makes You Beautiful on the radio is an amazing way to start a horrible day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
GREAT day for #Fishers #KnightsofColumbus #TootsieRollDrive! Raising $ 4 those w intellectual disabilities at #Marsh 8-2 TODAY!!
Please check your email when you get the chance. Lmk so I can tell them.
THANKS!!!! Can't wait for you to find out! :)
i kno' that there is a lot of girls that say this, but can you please follow??(: oh, and i cant stop listening to 11:11!(:
BJ Upton looks like a cracked out Ricky Henderson...I mean he looks like Ricky Henderson.
Are u ever gonna tweet me?..Ever?
Naniwa vs. Nestea - can't wait for this
How was the Grove? Hope you had a great day.
@ youtube would be the best thing that i could happen. I really love u Christian<U+2665>. come to spain!!
Don't tell me to text you and then when I do, you don't respond.
in the library: 8th grade boy,"do u Hav any books?"--me ":)" + some genre questions.." Could u tell me what all the other guys r reading?"
Centennial High Environmental Club & WPR are hosting a Paint Recycling Expo Feb 5th @ 9310 Old Scott RD Roswell, GA 1-5pm
i doubt there are many bigots among your followers
Just bought a drink so large it requires a neck strap
RT Rt - If You wit #TeamNoDaysOff if Not Betta Get Wit it
I'm so cold right now :///
thanks man, I've been working on a newer version of the site since December. Still needs some work, but hopefully ready soon.
cooler then you
What do you think about the defendants?
anyone tried to reset a password on spotify? is there some secret European way to do this?
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anyone else expects of you. Never excuse yourself. - Henry Ward Beecher
I feel dat nigga when he said sometimes I feel like I'm working just to work harder!! Let's get it
Nice I cant wait to hear what you cook up in the lab.
what is up with ??? lost my giftcard and their customer service said they will send me a new card. 4 weeks ago, ZIP. :/
I miss you, come home. 2 sleepover days next week!
ok thanks
OG KUSH ON DECK RT : better be smoking something watching them lol
I like baseball.
Bob Zemsky: "Innovations that should spread like fire die aborning."
On my way to san fran to be interviewed by the one and only Mr Robert scoble
u should ckeck those places out before u go back to school:D
This Saturday 6/4th Work At Home Business Expo, Orange Country CA. I'm on at 2:30 - start your own home-based business! See you there..:)
Happy Birthday!
Digital...Play where they play Same with PA play where they play
The Concert was great & for a good cause... Had fun=]
A March day with 75 degree temps is perfect for a bike ride. 42 miles @ Rothar Turas. Loved it. Now for a date-appropriate beverage.
Staying in... Movie night with the roomie :)
I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair.
u said u saw pics from it.
This girl needs to hit me up
My prayers and condolences go out 2 Sean Kingston and his family
Just got off work tryna find something to do
We can't wait to see you tonight at our annual "Name that Tune" benefit at the historic Hudson Theater! Will you... fb.me/TCKyVrts
In line to see I really hope they play identity crisis, burn the fleet, and Phoenix ignition
I don't no. He makes an image of himself to look cool but really he's a good person.. I think.. lol
Cubs v Brewers tonight! A second sweep in the future? um we think yes. So sorry Astros.
#amwriting RT "You don’t need anyone’s permission to be a writer. You have to give yourself permission."
lost the crab shuffle....
Congrats MT: Former U.S. Sen. Jim Bunning and Endorse for Congress.
What...a...game
I second that emotion! RT : The new album is so good! #MovingUpLivingDown! Buy it on !
my followers are winning.. that means one in paticular
Great Donald Driver piece!!! Love the Amber Noggle Backstage pass!!!
whale i hate them. i am excited to leave.
You're very welcome (:
Today was a Waterworld kind of day
Hmu new to Twitter
If complete debacle of this GOP congress doesn't convince people they need to stop voting Republican, nothing will. (G)rifters(O)n(P)olicy
#cantlivewithout other people
I give a fuck cause Orlando got it this year they are unstoppable
my cousins jus spit some knowledge an love to me..
See you soon!! Can't wait to meet Jack!
that's hipster doofus to you :-)
watching the MAC championship.
ORIOLES MAGIC!!!!!
You're welcome Molly A rich experience...intentional pun?
Damn, its gonna be a long day for the Bears smh
What was stolen from it?
Tht was all becuz of the ump. CC struck out Jackson.
thought you'd like it!
...yo bro. wus good with you?? Hey are you able to record over there? i got a joint i need your flavor on...lemme know!!
#reasonsyougetstabbed not sharing cookies.
10 more followers! Anyone want to help?
Good luck
Going to Pink Floyd LaserSpectacular tonight ? Valet park with us & stop in before or after the show for drinks or dinner.
excellent news!
IF OKC BIG MAN DONT SLOW DOWN LA. BIG MAN THEN THAT MIGHT BE A PROBLEM.
it's all good, I fell outta my seat at the bar in Fridays the other day and I wasn't even drunk yet ;)
you know I'll make the Seattle trip :)
Thanks Jeannie for making the connection. , Pamela, happy to know you.
Looking forward to the branded documentary panel about to begin
2 all beef patties special sauce lettuce cheese all topped on a sesame bun... SHE GOT THAT camel toe!!!
Wow! Really glad I didn't buy tickets to that show I've been DYING to see right when I got yesterday's hot casting announcement.... 1/2
i know! Lmao I dont usually look to that side d: lol
Everyday is the same shit, but when I look back shit different now
Watching ANCHORMAN. Because it is full of hilarity.
Breyer just walked by me twice! #celebsiting!
The more important a project is to your soul's evolution, the more you'll resist it. via
": Friendship is like a BOOK. It takes few seconds to burn it, but it takes years to write it."
Way to go barry!
Grooving to . Just realized they aren't "the meerkats."
whatcha up to this fine Saturday?
you bet. I appreciate ur kindness very much!
and only has 1/3 of the angels with him. the other 2/3 are still good
Thanks for the mentions and RTs
Eat more garlic. Garlic’s anti-fungal properties are excellent for reducing fungal infections, such as yeast infections.
#educomm back to morning panel's point, higher Ed currently is highly human capital intensive, thus keeping up the costs
send more info. Sounds good!
Ah! I can't believe it's done! Congrats Kays!! #KaysleeEP <3
oh that's awesome, my friend took that at SDSU...or something like that lol...it sounded really interesting!
Change "I could" to "I can"
Awesome, just awesome, for Rosie Napravnik.
Refrained from complaining on social media...but yesterday my mom had food poisoning...now my sinuses are jacked up. #ENOUGH!
Hey there! I do follow you. :) Please feel free to message me your question. :)
Oh and Idk why but I have had people ask on here, Facebook and school if I have a boyfriend. The answer is No! I'm
Prepping for epic weekend of shooting.
tune in to NBC News at noon to watch us talk about our new #MADD RIDE program!
President Obama endorses the right of same-sex couples to marry.
I don't know about all that ! Lol
Bo Xilai Said to Have Spied on Top China Officials Bo Xilai was toppled amid accusations that his wife arranged the killing of a British
did you see mine? ;)
Today I messed up but tomorrow is another chance to do it the right way ...
such a gorgeous post today, lady!
Omg my belly button is all the way out..smh
Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky Kentucky
Maxed out.... Let's run off to Jamaica. :--)
I cannot wait to see 21 Jump Street... Looks hilarious!
You N Luscious
Sometimes you have to walk out a situation with a Hurt so you never look back or think twice.
THEYRE SINGING STEREO HEARTS ON GLEE. OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG <3333333333333333333333333
Take your vitamins! If you eat constantly on the run to save time, take vitamins to avoid potential slumps in energy.
iPhone 4S now in hand. Wonderful technology and speed but screen size too small. I couldn't wait any longer to ditch the 3 and wait for the…
Gonna go on adventures today!
So that was the opposite of Jim Joyce
Then I guess it's up to new grads to "make room"?
been changing soo much like realli im done with the BS im done with the lyeing, done with the childish games need gods strength to help me
My bi-partisan outreach: Please consider voting for my sisinlaw Jennifer Scragg Karr, #WV state senate, #democrat #putnam county.
have a great trip it's a beautiful place
ohh I like "as if". I'm a fan of "for sure" too!
WRONG! a true alcoholic doesn't call in anywhere, I either just sleep more or wake up drinking haha, NO BOSSES!!!
Folks who never do any more than they get paid for, never get paid for any more than they do. -Elbert Hubbard
Nothing Like the Andes Candy #TEA that’s coming to #THE TEA AND JAZZ HOUSE
Are you at mall today? Get a #FREE #MASSAGES from at the FREE #health & #fitness expo! Visit our booth!
YOOO FOLLOW FIRST ONE TO FOLLOW THEM I WILL GIVE THEM A FOLLOWER AND SHOUTOUT
ill be there in 3... Hrs
Thanks so much. We appreciate the support so much! -THE PICKLE crew
For its a-peel?
* soccer , THIS. RFT “: Why am I feeling so empty? I don't care about shit anymore. I can't even turn to basketball anymore.
Girls with tattoos and body modifications>
I LOVE the OCEAN!!! When we were kids, My grandparents brought us to vacation by the beach in Misquamicut, RI every summer!
haha yeah we can't make another video for a couple months. sorry!
Thanks for the RT! Hope you don't get too much snow up your way tonight/tomorrow!
No air.. On the cut. Memories of the concert.
wishes XPN existed in DC. WDYT?(what do you think?)
Happy Hour 2-7pm with a great all red wine tasting all day. Enjoy the roasted bar nuts or Gorgonzola & honey Crostini too.
Does anyone know if Hargrove signing official? Can't find any info on PFT...
After a seesaw battle with several lead changes, Monona Grove loses at home: Oregon 10, MG 9.
Now you're talking! Me too....
Debating listening to 's "Neck of the Woods" album now, or waiting and being in awe of amazement when it comes out next week…hmm.
I am stronger than I expected...
Don't quote me on what I said last night.
didn't #obama speak in support of Kerry at the 2004 Dem Convention?
that's awesome!!!!
That's one hot chick (hahaha... anyone? nobody?... nevermind then, carry on) RT : what happens if I put a Peep in my coffee?
let's scalp them again on the #pitch with a
He was HOT in this movie; I will fight anyone who says different. Broken bottles at 20 paces, muthuhfuckuhs! I will defend his blong honor!
Wish today was Friday -.- but more importantly, wish today was June 9th (summer)
": I'm pretty sure he does." Hope so. Not best way 4 pro athlete 2 travel. Nobody cares, until u get hurt.
It's amazing how many people you can manipulate through twitter. Or maybe they are maninpulating me ,. Jesus, who spells anymore.
belated thx for the RT of our commencement speakers. Once an Eagle...
Thanks for following I do hope you realize THIS #FortMyer is in VIRGINIA www.Historic-FortMyer.com
I still can't get over how awesome the Miranda Lambert concert was last night.
RT Moretti is my prose hero.
Herbalists consider peppermint a balancing herb: it revs a weary head meanwhile calms jittery nerves. Drink up some balance today!
are you talking about yourself ? Because she is dull and dead
#2011icf Finally, a short Starbucks line! I guess all the wkndrs have gone home...
Anyone have any cool citizen diplomacy things going on that we should know about it? Please let us know
R.I.P Whitney Houston
RocLyfe Ent. has teamed with Interrobang Films....set to film Living the RocLyfe. Slated for early 2012...stay tuned for details
I hate the fact that i wasted so much time on you :(
#BadBoardgameMovies Monopoly: help Uncle Pennybags break out of jail
RT : Pray for one another. Just be willing to be part of the answer to that prayer.
"I just wanna throw my phone away." (singing katy perry=) "this is the part of me that your never gonna take away from me no!."
New fund to help with disasters
My car died on my 4 times. Won't make it to class. Tell Megan sorry for me.
If you were injured in an accident, you want an attorney who has the experience and dedication to fight for the compensation you deserve.
Helltown Idle Hands double IPA, Voodoo White Magic of the Sun on draft. Lavery La Bealtaine in bottle & draft going on tomorrow. Blue Sunday
Gonna try! "good luck w/ tunehopper at sxsw. it is musicfest 1st after all :)"
RT : Mornin' Friends! 2day's a little cooler @ 52°F. #snowshoe rentals r available 2day. Come enjoy a relaxing Sunday in...
thanks! I'm in grand company.
I love rock and roll, put another time in the jukebox baby!
Howard is on hour 16. What do you have?
and BSPN is just thrilled about the Spurs losing, RIGHT?
Yeah, #WTF?!? RT via : wht's w/ all the #Spambots lately? I follow a few gd ppl & I get spammed back?!?! #HowsThatWork?
SORRY PEOPLE. HAVENT BEEN ON THIS FOR A WHILE. (in my dormroom... <3 )
Aw hells yes! We got some drinking to do!
Just one more reminder in case you need it.... Call Your Mother!!!!!
Among the things Gary will be covering is race psychology. Who better in the history of the sport?
she always put a smile on my face
RT : my daughter on being told that the item in the case was dinosaur poo "Yes but why did it do it in there?"
Here s his twitter , I will check with him today on our timeline with you. Thanks for reaching out!
Right now and in every now-moment, you<U+FFFD>re either closing or opening, stressfully waiting for something-more money, security or affection
I have the most amazingly diverse group of followers! Thank you for honoring me with your follow.
Our #newplay initiative #newTACTics is deep in reading for our 2012 fest + each script we read refines our aesthetic criteria.
guys join my live chat! it would mean the world if you did.
Dazed & Confused is one of the few films that I wish I was a character in. One of the best high school movies ever!
A new wok represents the beginning of countless culinary possibilities. The ritual of seasoning initiates the wok's culinary life
Do yall think if a woman has problems with her father she will always have problems with men???
Not sure what to do after work? Cardio Kickboxing is at 5pm- Jab, punch, kick & sweat!!
Its worse when i get there in morningRT : they were talking about the producers office always being a mess
But my aardvark is massive.
Just booked my trip back to the west coast. Should be a good time...
Think Bryce Harper is young? Player who just subbed in for Kuyt on #Liverpool is 17 years old.
Bitches Never Have Snacks iN This House ^.^
About to go in this music meeting.. Then going to the club its about to go down!!
Believe it or not that is plan to be next month phrase
Regardless of who owns whom, the smugness of GOP ldrship really is starting to chafe.
I love your new hair color :)
Good Morning xx
absolutely! Never thought I'd say I miss John Madden and his yellow pen, but... Yeah.
When everything's made to be broken, I just want you to know who I am.
I said I'm feeling good but she feeling great
... how baby boy
Phantom of the Opera <3
Organic cranberry green tea is - so delicious!
Just returned 88 bottles of for #recycling to of ! Yeah buddy, Love that stuff!!
Tonight No Strategy and Punch & Fade will be on the main floor serving you funky crunchy beats to keep you moving all night long!
Research: another audience is policymakers, whose definition of "quality" might be different
I LOVE Ed Reed but I wish he liked to tackle as much as he likes to talk. Stop pretending to retire every year!
brb flying threw the sky in a magic car with music
Twitter spam from DeFelice, stop looking at elderporn.
Step 2: Don't forget to factor in bank fees and noncash cost like depreciation expenses. (Paul Konigstein)
Truly amazing RT RT : Nice timeline touchscreen prototype from Cleveland - anxious to see this!
This child is so upset. I feel horrible. He's mourning the loss of his smore.
Sparkling/Glistening snowflakes.
I thought it was great. Steve Buscemi doing anything sexual makes think of those super uncomfortable scenes in Ghost World.
Hey tweeples. I'll be performing @ the Hard Rock Cafe in downtown Baltimore tonight from 9-1pm. Gonna rock out and have a blast.
SD! director has decided to join the land of the living and start Tweeting! Follow him today. It'll make him feel good.
OH MY GOD CHRISTINA DO YOU NOT HEAR THE THINGS YOU SING?! Don't even say Tony's lyrics were inappropriate...
hahaha look at my cover photo on fb
Like to shop? how about getting paid and winning prizes for buying the items you are already buying? Well that is what LUCKeSHOPPER will do!
#GirlsShould stop assuming all guys are the same. Cause were not
yes we're "across the pond" too bad the Concord isn't flying any more, you could make it here to enjoy the great show and weather
Music to my ears!
good times in math class.
Why do you Tweet, gentle reader?
Glad you had a great new Startup Oriented meeting yesterday
Thought it would never get here:
can't wait to visit Texas - can I come?
sure, I'll follow them (:
You won a limited edition t-shirt! Simply tell our host your name to redeem at your next visit.
Gave up my blackberry but a good friend just turns his phone upside down when he gets flip on brick breaker. Is that cheating?
Daytona here we come!!
Happy First Day Of Spring!!!!
thanks! Merry Xmas. Keep new york classy.
TODAY IS THE DAY NEW POP SINGLE (TONIGHT) OFFICIAL VIDEO SHOOT AT CLUB NIGHT MOVES AT 7PM TONIGHT SEE YOU THERE! YEAH!!!!
Jen in San Diego. PR consultant. 18+ years in the biz.
:( RT : So long old friend. closed its doors today. Lucky visitors signed the wall - which will return real soon....
free #ebook friday; free copy of my #sales ebook all day-- just ask!
Check out our Visual Conference Twitter feed
"Only one man in a thousand is a leader of men -- the other 999 follow women."
Florida's William Dean Chocolates NY's , available now at the Chocolate Library, 111 St. Marks Place, East Village.
Lord, I'm not what I might be Nor am I what I hope to be, But I'm not what I used to be And, by the grace of God, I am what I am.
when u recording dat rich forever.....i wanna get on dat
“: #AustinShowUsYourSmile Tweet it me and i'll RT it soo we can make it TT <U+2665>”
RT : St. Patrick’s Day Weekend DWI Checkpoint: Celebrate St. Patrick's Day safely and responsibly, for city and count......
GOOD LUCK KIDRAUHL
I'll bet you I don't get a single vote here. But that's OK because the honor is in participating.
and I care why
I just planned 3 of my friends weddings. None of them are engaged. I have a problem.
Not at all! Thanks for checking us out!
Hahah is a hoot!
Susan Taylor-Leduc on 19th century market gardens in Paris.
enjoyed your segment. He was truly the king.
We believe in giving back to the industry by supporting organizations who share our mission and passion to help those who are most in need.
Your approach to the Braun situation - and your decision to boo him - cements your status as a pathetic human being
Hey lady! Who do I need to contact for Jazz & Jokes bookings?
Wow, that was pretty excellent, Kristina! #cutetoo :)
Just chilling In Madison IN for the day, I wish my bro could be here too!
Thanks for sharing! Hope all is well in Winnipeg!
I hope I didn't offend! When I started my modeling agency my church leader was aloof... And was away from me
Rome... Rome? Man Killed By Grizzly Bear At Yellowstone Park n.pr/njLinr
Haven't even packed.
lol see I knew I liked you for a reason <U+E106><U+E106><U+E106><U+E106><U+E106><U+E106><U+E418><U+E418><U+E418><U+E022>
Solid half from these young Cats. Let's close it out.
i was saying hope it don"t hurt. is kind of intimidating be hooked to whole world. is a big worl out there...please be nice... follow
ATTN: all unsigned rappers, producers,singers join our #Team send us an email if you're TALENTED "We GOT work!"
"Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead." — Charles Bukowski
So sad about all my North Carolina friends who can't get funding for SAA this year. Will tip out a little for them at the SILS mixer. Snif.
don't want to be the first one. I want to be the only one<3"
Is it too early to get excited about St. Patrick's Day?
Love gagas tribute to brit!! R they gonna make out??
I told the flu to flee. It listened beautifully.
I've missed 17 days this school year... 11 of them just in this semester. Lol whoops
you fancy huh?
Had a very successful photo shoot today, updates to come...
Are dentists required to give you a mini guilt trip when your kid has a cavity?
that's wassup! I'm ready!
Safe trip, honey! See you in NYC when you return.
cute is your word for life lol
I have future business plans for Atlanta.
Interested in learning more about Business As Missions? Thursday night awesome panel will discuss bit.ly/gv43gK
lol I lost the battle too. Just woke up and ready to hit the books again. Get some rest!!
'I STILL LOVE YOU' ye right,hahahahahaha
My peace of mind has been restored #finally <U+2764><U+263A>
sorry I am just seeing this..thank you..I may be a little past your age range..
Fuck you and fuck her too
Congrats to Randy Nicholson of Chicago for sending in the BoardWalk pic that won him 50% off his 5 day scooter rental.More ahead stay tuned!
bro busted ass!!! Hahaha
Out of the ghetto, jk #goodtimes in Placid
It's easy to identify the commercial real estate developers hanging out by their pushiness and nasty attitudes of entitlement
just came back a school dance and it was GREAT (:
I know where the complaining IU fans have gone....to the store to buy their Pacers stuff.
Follow and she wil follow u back ;)thanxzzz so much
Happy Friday Beer Bellies! We're drinking Highwater Cherry Sour. What are you drinking?
Thank you. I'm utilizing my "talents" to promote a very worthy cause.
There is way to much on my mind right now and i just dont know anymore!
Congrats on the TEDx!!!
I LOVE YOU (:
to buy? cause these were for sale.
I've been to California quite a bit and meet people, you know. Yeah, , I've met Ebsen. He's nothing like Jed Clampett.
awe thank you!
I've been sucking on the blog lately, hard to keep the passion for a 100 loss team in January. I shall return.
Saturday detention and Grease rehearsals today.
Happy #Resurrection #Sunday! +++
do you know who its from?
If the Supreme Court strikes down Obama's health care legislation, my boyfriend will lose his job.
If this keeps up, I'm going to bat 1000 on my bracket today! YES!
I was a horrible student... wondering now, what is the point of a book a report? were they just policing to see if we read the book?
haha thanks Kim!
The Real Housewives Of Craigs List. Episode 1 the personals section gets officially removed so we use the rents section and talk in code.
i had a random ass dream last night that i met at MY concert?
Please tell us what you thought.
I know
About to see #Wicked at DCPA. I haven't seen it before.
hey could you ask him if he could read my story?
Tried making a comical drinking photo in reply. Too many takes, drank the entire can. Night just got a whole lot more interesting.
Mantra for 2012: "Decadence; treat yourself!" Thanks, DJNick
Charging iPad and Kindle for intermittent power blackout
think the correct pronoun there would be "we" q-:
“: Being trapped in the corner of your shower because the cold water is running.”
Oh, I forgot to mention, Dionysia on the roof is FREE!
Who was the first woman to be ordained by the AME Zion Church? visit www.americanlegacymag.com for the answer!
Metal Mafia Family Reunion is a month away in New Marshfield, OH. We got tix CHEAP, start planning now to camp!
you're so freaking nerdy, get a life.
#IfICouldIWould fly to Jamaica and get some real Authentic JERK chicken and then fly back Home.
They've said it all along: POTUS One-term! The GOP will stoop to the dredges of the earth to cheat, lie & steal!Christians?
what happened?!?
I sure did :( x
Buenos Dias :)) You should have a Cherimoya for breakfast.
I don't have a theme for After Lunch tomorrow. If you have a request or a theme idea (make it upbeat - very important!) I'm all ears.
grilled fish tonight...simple with salt, pepper, butter (reduced white wine, butter & garlic) and minted peas. NZ sauvignon blanc- all good
WHITNEY: A "real singer" (no auto-tunes) succeeded w/o having to dress/dance half naked on stage! DIVA! No Nikki Minaj/Lady Gaga gimmicks!
Best part of Thunder at kingfish today?? Inside seating while it's still crappy outside!!
u ppl gone be there tonight right????
Loving the Queen songs tonight on #americanidol!
Just read the entire "fight" that and got into with some girl....
RT : 4th and forever come on tonight!!
Man what's up with me seeing police so much lately?
absolutely! We have new lunch and dinner menus with the addition of an awesome Friday Fish Fry, hope to see you soon!
I want a country boy
Kris Allen's song was better and it's not even on the itunes top 400
Beautiful RT : Women need to use their power for good. Do you know how important you are? ©
Hey Keith! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
Why can't I watch iCarly on On Demand? What IS Comcast good for? ..other than ripping us off and providing horrible service :(
Great practice today! Can't wait to be playing shows for you guys soon!
Will you consider reading Ed Klein's book? He was just on the Rusty Humphries Show. Author of the book "The Amateur"....
What's up with the power outage. 1.4 million without power and quite a mess from LA through BAJA Mexico, Thinking this should be NEWS
I kinda thought it was Alexis Texas
Don't come running to me when he breaks your heart bc he is just using you. I'm right.
ahaha I'm down. My orig in the email
#community - I cried during 'About A Boy' (pause) The Soundtrack. I don't wash my hands before a surgery.
thank you soo much!
Tomo night 4-7 @ La Fitness Clwtr, Steve walking 3 hrs on treadmill for charity any of Ur listeners get to workout free during
Brothers! We will be tailgateing today before the game! Come grab some free soda, burgers and hot dogs!
1 more illustration to go for my second children's book (and some tweaks) Anxious to see it printed in April.
I take that back, Kid Icarus is a pain in the ass to play holding the 3DS. Using the stand is more tolerable, but defeats the portability
Why do I think that George Lucas has a little people fetish?
you tell me Ab !!
Disney Channel Zac and Cody at De Rodriguez Cuba
cuz you have sausage fingers! Lol
Followers we need them please
You taught me to never give up my dreams, so in his honor, I will take my entire class to buy #NSNDVD.. OMB,excited.. 8
Thank you so much to all my new followers #BillsMafia :D I'm going to follow back
I want some donuuuutss
chinesse food #boom!
Baltimore Love Project is looking for someone to coordinate merchandise sales (commission based opp) email
#SOTU...are you watching?
girl, we feel you!
Oh my gosh you're brother is special!
why yes! we are in the midst of a complete redesign/overhaul and such. more cool stuff will be up soon.
i had not heard of this film. but thank you so much for introducing me to it! i cannot wait to watch it!! thank you!! <3
Hey boys do you think Ryan Grant ends up on an NFL Roster this year?
Nicki looked like a straight up white chick in that video ...Shez still fine though
I hope everyone had a great Mothers day! :)
Wow they are opening Alamo drafthouses everywhere
Q1 I like NYPL and BPL. The Queens website has those keyword explosions that I'm not so good with.
Follow the hashtag #givebackdetroit for different ways you can give back this holiday season!
"Chronicle" Director Josh Trank in Talks For Sony’s "Venom" Director Josh Trank, whose low-budget found-footage superpower film "Chronicl
Money Saving Tip #28: When shopping for standard items (clothes, sports equipment, older games, etc.), start by shopping used.
Alright i see all over my timeline and I'm sick if it... is fuckin right...Godsgirl sheod be called devilsgirl
why, did they cancel it?
I think that's because doesn't make it easy to find contact info.
Shit....we have a paradox.
classy classy. and ethical, too, i might add.
Why are the police blocking T St in front of the Hilton? Really jamming up traffic on Florida.
“: u ruined it for the West coast smh” LOL! hope you get to still watch it, response was emotional
would u mind reading my bls I only hav 1 chapter so far but I wanted to know what u thought! Pls give me your imput!!! Thx
Getting out of bed this morning is of no interest to me. I'm just sure that means tweeting about it will help.
too late I'm at school but that would come in clutch lmao I'm hungry af
A mother loves her children even when they least deserve to be loved. - Kate Samperi
Happy Monday morning!
Just landed. This weather is amazing. It rained for a week in SF. Feels food to almost be home :)
We are playing with Six Feet Under in June!!! Lookin foward to seein you there. More info to come!!
Most definitely.
Happy first day of Spring everyone!
All month long, check in at 7-Eleven using the Slurpee iPhone or Android app and you'll score some thunderous Thor and Slurpee prizes!
I'm slowly realizing that some of the most popular love songs really aren't good at all. In fact, I really don't care for love songs.
lmaooo omg he said that shit like 15 times that night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I deleted that tweet because I'm not into the anti-ableism community enough to tweet like that.
This is what happens when you keep FAITH
My baby in jail an I'm missing him like crazy... Oh but when he here out the sex is gone be BANANAS!!!
do you eat fish at all?
its official yay
I think slash is sexy
Full disclosure: I backed out of doing something today that probably would've been good to do. Remind me of this should I whine about it.
huh? What's dome?
: I aint going to school but thanks anyway .
Worry often gives a small thing a great shadow ~ Swedish Proverb
Chappppy looking dapper out there! Whata catch!
You're the best PG in the league right now, don't stress the loss too bad. You left it all out on the floor bro. Bravo.
Okay, it's time to get out to my workshop and finish a custom pendant. I don't have much energy this morning - hope it perks me up.
My people call themJerusalem cruisers
: Oh no no no. Marshall can't love Mary... not like that, no. RT if you're an
you're sexy
Ouch! So that's why they say "let cool in microwave for 1-2 minutes after cooking".
Aw, you saw FOS BEAU! Best 2002 in the city.
haha i'm never going to want to come back fridays. ever. it's bad.
go follow she well be the happy girl on earth if u do .!!!!!!!!!!! Pleasee
RT : has a gr8 blog #PublicDiplomacy, Branding, and the differences in USC Center on |...
ooh I'm seeing some good answers!
Miltary Helicopter flying low over the railroad yard in Reading today!
My 1000 tweet has to be a good one hm
lol it's Gucci , no need to load! Just show em if they be ugly lmfao
My heart goes out to the children who have lost a mom or dad. And, spouses who must stand strong.
RT : Yay!! New 5 star review on Amazon UK today - "...literally could not put it down." An Unfamiliar Murder...
Happy Fathers Day - tickets for The Texas Testosterone Festival now on sale!!!
I don't give a shit who's Nana you are... keep giving me that stick-eye old lady & I am gonna punch your fucking lights out!
on reply msgs they are unnecessary. wish gmail gave me that option in my settings.
Used 1800$ n credit with #UnitedAirlines yesterday 2 book flights Called back today to confirm n suddenly they have no record of any credits
Do it!!! That'd be awesome!! You should definitely ask her:)
U Did now u could call me Lol
I did 11 times! RT Hey Vegas! Plz vote for my friend he did an amazing job on DWTS tonight! Call 1-800-868-3401
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your experience/love with Diet Coke? Ping back for more info! :-)
sure make to follow back please
Just disperse of the trash; Don't let your nerves crash.
Hey! You going in today! What's going on with you? What you been up 2? Stop cussing people out, lol :-)
Would have rather gone to the X Games though...
Tiger blood RT : Got 2 lick my wounds after drilled the gamewinner on me..While poppin mad ish the whole time
Anyone want to go to jazzfest in NOLA with me?!
uggh too many cashews
This morning in church - QEII lookalike in a flowered hat giving noisy kids a DEATH GLARE.
I will always look behind the shower curtain before I pee. no matter what!!!
i can't belive that my school years are almost over. wow.
Congrats, doe. Does this mean I have an in for a weekly Bucks/Brewers column (rant)!?
i am so glad my mom is home, now i have food when i get home from school
Sheriff Carter on Eureka has become one of my all-time favorite television characters. Written and acted so well.
Robert F. Brands: Innovation: 3M's Lessons to Be Learned: 3M takes a long-term approach to the new product development process by cre...
the main thing i learned this week was timing is everything
hahaha true classic
so great!
Remind me to remember to forget.
what's your favorite song to perform on stage?? :)
Where was the exit? Where are we?
I use to be The Happiest Girl...
So with phone sex do you moan?
Im a lazty azz, im 5 min away from everything still dont feel like goin to the store diiizaaam
nothin much chillin bout to head out to class
All these UNLV fans at the arena crying are hilarious
Watch all of Sky Sports' Heineken Cup games online complete with facts, stats ... - SkySports
Happy Birthday!
yeahh ik ik. its annoying. people did it to IU this year too. i went through season tickets of 6 win seasons. ohh well!
Been in this house for 6 months and I still find more things to toss out an reorganize. 600 sq ft is not enough for 2 people!
We're at The Wood Shed in Adair, OK. There is a man with real cowboy boots on. With tassles and everything. Awesome.
all sunglasses gone! hope to see them on the front lawn tomorrow!
I am such a fan, but seems like this season, people are just sleep walking through this. Kinda boring
is as respectful as it gets.
Happy 4th! Remember the reasons we celebrate today, & be thankful to live in this great country! God Bless America!
I'm lost in a world of complete darkness, a shadow will only apear if I believe there is light some where in the future... I don't see i ...
what's good with some PSG gear my dude?!
<----- need followers. Help me pls
Though, I think the .ly that will truly change my life forever will be visual.ly - have you checked them out?
well well well how bout u drive ur definitely aren't far
hhahaha! they are horrible.. my grandparents are going to Canada for a month i find that totally innapropiate.<3
I am going to achieve my dreams and goals, and with the support and love from people like you i can make this happen. <3
Slept through all the Sunday Majors, but I'm gonna shock and awe my tired opponents in an evening set of tourneys.
Hi October 2011, nice to meet you.
I can remember all of my teachers from Kindergarten to 12th grade. CAN YOU?
meet - IXDA Baltimore may be looking for meetup locations too.
"A woman drove me to drink and I didn't even have the decency to thank her."-W.C. Fields
watching The Layover with
I resolve to not say "Happy Holidays." I'll say "Merry Christmas", "Seasons Greetings" or even "Have a great Holiday Season". But HH is out!
My friend used to hide her trashy novels in jackets from other books!
RT : Any woman who thinks diamonds are a girl's best friend never had a dog. - Kathryn Funchess
Yes, Jamie and I were watching together. Have a safe trip down to the Ville.
Guess I'm not going to prom anymore...
thanks baby. Have yourself a blessed day hunny. Mwah x
i want
your soo cute :) You and your sister look the same :)
- They should concentrate on what's important for the children than trying to Race to the Top for grants.
Worked with AECP programs in California and New York this past week - uplifting to see the progress throughout the USA for AE students!
Happy New Year! 2012 marks Charlottesville's 250th anniversary. For details, check out !
Bella thorne is flawless!!
Wanted to go to the party with my posse but i just might go to fox hollow and see my people at this baby shower :)
"Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be." -John Wooden
Let's play! I'm stuck here too!
not yet, but we'll definitely put it on the list of potential features to develop! thanks for the feedback man, spread the word
I really forgot
At So say we all at whistlestopbar ....words and banjoes
Did you know? The Film Term: "adjustment" is a bump in pay given to a stuntperson for performing a particularly complex or dangerous stunt.
To Banish Belly Fat, Keep Moving | FYI BeHealthy
You make me wanna smile. You make me wanna laugh. You make me wanna live life 2 its fullest but that's all in my dreams that I hope come tru
Are you at the #AAPC Welcome Reception? How are the Mixpotinis? Be sure to scan our custom QR code & enter to win an iPad!
I am ready for gin, wings and baseball.
i'm so full. uggggggggghhh
Giveaway! Dark Inside by Jeyn Roberts. Follow me and retweet for a chance to win the book. Second in this great YA series out this fall.
getting my hair highlighted and with my mom <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I swear ppl in Kentucky are politically retarded..
bunch of random facts
I'm getting the be iconic street wear sweatpants <3 All I need is vlados! Ugh they needa add smaller sizes like a 3 or 4 -__-
Yum, coffee & breakfast? Check! Let the rest of the day begin :)
Finally got mah charger back been using some crappy one :P
Does anyone have any thoughts about investing in residential properties in the Detroit area? (not the ghetto areas)
Me a month ago is not me a month from today.
Join us for the Mayor's Spring Cleanup! Kick off is 10 a.m. at 1501 N. Bethel St.
everyone is so much more annoying on mondays.
I did not, but we have Tons of Polaroids in the archives!
Happy April Everyone! I got a feeling it's gonna be a good month!!!
Awesome! My safeway sells venus fly traps :)
The sun ain't the only thing that is coming up ;)
girl you will :) and *cough**cough* I'm out of construction paper so . Computer paper with Orange writing ok ???? :D
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
watching 'Kontroll' actually makes Budapest look fun. dirty fun. everybody is spitting.
@ wear your best because I have a few fellas in mind ;)
RT : Cloud Expo® Session | VP on “Making Hybrid #Cloud Safe” at NY (June 11-14) <U+25B8>...
Unapologetically asking to follow my TL because she should.
Right behind home plate tonight!! Go sox!
the songs AMAZING &' i bet the video will be too ! Love it . So does my teacher &' class . (:
Let there be HOUSE MUSIC! RT : can't wait to see this week for #SpringBreak2012 !!!!!
Catch a can canner canning a can as he does the cancan, amd you've caught a can-canning can-canning can canner!
! I can't use Panda Cloud because I can't get Norton to uninstall. Does anyone else have this problem? Please RT I need help.
cool. That actually worked. Now what do I do about the toothpaste smell?
Anyone else terrified of the future?
Spoken like the narrow mind son of privilege you are¡
Why is the Apple site so slow?
Whats up Nate!! Much respect. I wanted to know if you ever thought about buying some Sonics? I aim to be a GM.
damn, I can't see it on my crap phone. Gotta wait til I get to a real computer.
400 Stars on Cut The Rope. Yay. TOY BOX TIME. Yes, this is how I spend the last day of my summer.
don't be afraid! bromances have lead to amazing discoveries! Lewis & Clark, Kanye & JayZ... right ?
I am so pissed! I already bought an argonauts Tebow #666 jersey!
Plase pick and ! They are huge Arianators!(: They love her along with me! We each entered!(:
Feeling mostly better, and going back to work today. Except that I can't find my keys! It's making me crazy.
Yes, referrals please! How often do you have to maintain?
Maybe I'll come by afterwards? Or could meet you both somewhere afterwards wherever u plan to be :)
no problem :)
Are you craving a nice big juicy burger? Fox Sports Grill has the best burger in town! Come join us!! We are open at 11am everyday.
Such a great syllabus! :)
Seeking the FITC spotlight
Roseanne looks so awake. Thanks bec.
Wasn't that invented in San Francisco in the 80's?
I did a private with no plan, a state with no plan, then another state (Fredonia) w/ no plan but fell into one. Stupid me.
“: #DWCdc students to Nat. Zoo or Eastern Market, Potomac Cruise tonight. Projects screen Friday @ 9 AM. audiscover.org”
Sippin nor drinkin RT are u drinking moonshine today?
My body. I may think it mine to wear as I wish. More importantly, it belongs to God, and God has designs on it. 1 Corinthians 6:12-20
[golf clap]
Can I sing in the shower with ya?....
If a world map was put in front of you at this second, how many of you would be able to point out where Afghanistan is? Yeah, that's sad.
Final backstage pass winner for #Extremereunion Twitter contest is Cross_Rhodes @ SpicolliDreamer. You have 24 hours to email directly here
the safehouse is awesome, you have to go! But do you know the pass word? I do.
I know I'm pathetic and sickly with things. But at least I sneaked in my room undetected. Now I wait for morning.
I'm not that cool but I recently took up needle point so that's something...
Jennings just got burnt on d. By jordan farmar!!?
aww I miss you more love bug
It's been a good day
"Mind Your Business" Episode 7 Interview with KnightHorst Shredding's Matthew Evans
Mavs Game Alert: "Mavs Return to the Hardwood vs. [REDACTED] and the Jazz at 7:30 p.m. TONIGHT!"
u still at the airport?
Insane robots and animals are gonna eat you!!! Old people crazy as hell
R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you have less than 1,O followers... Follow --> () and she will get you up there instantly!
"The middle is where you get embarassed in front of the prom qweens." -Carlos Irwin Estevez
Trying Twitter again. Hm.
I second that, Cathy.
What you call #comfortclothes, I call #cookiepants :-)
That's a shame! So lovely and full of culture. You gotta get there!
I've finished mastering the commercial, so now I just hope they like it. I've heard it a million times...I think that hurt me...
RT : [BREAKING]: #MD signs #HomeVisiting Accountability Act to fund evidence-based programs for kids, families
science says love is the mental addiction of seeing the same person on multiple occasions, hm
DAMN.....FUGG YALL DOING?? ITS WEDNESDAY MORNING <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080> RT : Yes RT : AM I THE ONLY #Tipsy ONE ON Y'ALL TL???
these have no manners ..:-)
i think there is a wormhole in my brain.
jackass moves. If this is a character, fine. If this is his "evolution", then don't go on letterman and be a little bitch.
a very good point :) *slinks off in shame*
She say give her that painful pleasure ..."it hurts so Gud"
Portico is geared up for ASTD #TK11 this week in beautiful San Jose, CA! Come by and visit us. We want to share our knowledge with you!
So the A+ books are good for my studying because I want to know what the inards are but I don't want to operate.
I seriously hate slow drivers! WTF.
We have a lot of kids who don't know what works means. They think work is a four-letter word. ~ Hillary Clinton
great to hear back from you and i think i will have a very busy week ahead ...
- Noah and the Whale - L.I.F.E.G.O.E.S.O.N. great way to start the morning!!
shhh.... Do you know how hard it is to bury a trailer in your backyard with hand tools?
the thought of file sharing with #Facebook is HORRIFYING. i mean… you might as well just give your left testicle at that point.
I've been out for almost a year! I've done so much and you will too :)
Bawwwwwwston baby. Next stop? Reykjavik - my most random layover to date. And then London. Finally.
"Tom Brady reminds me of the Ken doll from Toy Story." lmao my hubby, quote of the season!
aww, got invited to taco tuesday, but I'm still at work.
Awesome designer run of Mamet’s Bobby Gould in Hell.
Happy Birthday ! Hope you have a great one lady!
MT : The election of Barack Obama has made it impossible for bigots to contain their inner racism. // Sadly I sense the same. WWJD
wow this structure is absurd
RT Saddened by the loss of the great Christopher Hitchens this morning #GodIsNotGreat // me too :-(
Confusing indeed.
cause you eat everything!! Hahaha
Birdrock, University City, Bario Logan, Santaluz and North Park. out talking to folks all over San Diego today.
Nothing like going on a date to the grocery store and the gym before work. Woo!
Today was only Tuesday wow
you can talk to me! I read all of them plus the extra books. It's been a while though. I even sent fan mail to K. A. Applegate
There's a strong theme emerging here of indep research libraries as *teaching* institutions-- important, & surprising to me
Thinking about how to be REALLY loud. : What pumps you up the most? Chants? Deafening noise?
"If fat people have more skin, doesn't that make them skinnier?"
Are the use of non-words in phonics assessments more helpful than harmful?
Thanks for the follow. Will check the website. All info I need.
Who knew it was so easy to make alcoholic drinks using a Keurig!?
eating my cereal and getting ready for the day!
Mid Century Mod #FF to
RT : #lemmeguess you wanna be in a relationship wit me but u act single. #hoesitdown #manwhoresitdown LOL
aww im sorry =/
yes it is and red
Good boy. Besides, being different than the rest of the bands on a show can be awesome.
the Gift Idea Shoppe.com is preparing to open July 2010 - unique gift ideas for any occasion
So is today the last day in black history month or does is roll over into tomorrow?
Today was a weird day half the school found out I'm single now every freakin guy is following me evrywhere o my friend got into a fight!
whiskey my mans lmao whats good
"If you're trying, you've already started out wrong - JUST BE!"
BUT I will be going out tonight. Celebrating happy birthdays. So, look out Hollywood-- I'm going out!
Incumbent Ginny Fields loses to political operative Mangan - shakes the foundation of Schaffer legacy?!?
RT Doc coming to PBS FRONTLINE on February 14th. Spread the word about this Special Valentine's Day treat.
Defying warnings from intnl. community #northkorea launches rocket. Punishment? More warnings. Way to go International community.
Tahoma = best font for taking up space.
Killer Q Custom Guitar Straps will be ready to rock soon!
Thanks for following me. I love Utah.
Agree! RT #ff Bad habits will crush u if they aren't broken!
YAY Got to see Rob Fitterman, Steven Zultanski, Brian Joseph Davis, Tao Lin, Anne Boyer, Corina Copp, Thom Donovan, John Coletti, Dana Ward
So Nice out after all the crappy rain
Bitches Around Here Don't Want Shit But A Baby Daddy And Attention
Pumped and ready for the #superbowl. Go !
Penn State Devon Still finally taken. If Bears didn't go WR in this round, he was the guy I would've thought they'd take.
hilarious. Groupon investors deserve all the bankruptcy they will eventually receive.
Syria, Bahrain and Middle East - live updates - The Guardian
I believe the Lord gave us the dignity of being "causes" last night! So thankful for ur family leading us In worship of Jesus.
Q: when? A: March 24th, 8:30am registration begins. Welcome at 9am.
-If I'm selling PDFs of my "out-of-print" #orphanwork for $0.99, having a library make it available for free zeros my revenue.
can we be friends again..
so how does it feel to be on the same show as will ferrell? :)
I missed the early bird pricing for Analytics in May. Can you help?
Stewardesses is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.
that would hurt my feelings but I already forgot what you saud
#GoTribe The Indians have the only winning record in the Central.
SAT word of the day: discursive (adj.) rambling, lacking order
ASAP rocky is decent but no need to disrespect legends... Smh
I followed and u like Asians
If I admit that it was yummy, will you make fun of me?
Just auditioned for a "Caucasian and handsome researcher who's kind of a nerd." Who knew?
Good Morning Cuz
Running class is fun!! Without running class I would of never run a marathon
#10ThingsThatAreAttractive girls wit..tattoos,pretty:eyes,hair,lips,piercings,great hygiene, not stupid, music head, swagg, potheadzz lol
Somehow can't remember after the wine wore off. Isn't that always the way.
is the most amazing person ever. i love him, greatly. he is an inspiration to me and always will be. stay strong Jey. <U+2665><U+2665>
Follow me?(:
Monica did a great job cooking the turkey this year and its just about done. Hope you all have a wonderful Thanksgiving!!
Due to the events of the last two days, I'm compelled to pitch a reality show to TLC titled "Hippie Houseguest." Alternate: "Chakra & Awe."
“: Wake & Bacon” Saturday & Sunday Pretty soon whenever I want too.
mississippi what up any body wanna chill dats in more head or close by or do sumbody no sum body
My sympathies go out to you right now.
This may hurt your chances in next year's "hottest" contest.
Celtics are kicking ass right now.
Self-deprecating and sexier still?
There's a full Moon tonight. According to native American folklore it is the "Snow Moon", indeed prescient...
Thanks Zach! I'm excited and honored!
Love this - "Anthem For The Earnest" by The Bad Plus
please excuse me while I vomit my intestines out.
Tornadoes, It's the beginning of the end.
Colomarino: w/out OA, public has access to all BUT most credible information, does this make sense? former VP resch Autism Speaks
Skinny dipping no pool girl except the one between your legs I'm a fool girl
Making samples of Autumn Sunset-a fabulous blend of spices to make you feel like a cozy fire! Ask me for a sample when you see me!!
Girls say I'm smooth... Very good with words... But when I get into a relationship I can't do anything =/ I'm so awkward lol =P
“: terri?? Where you been??” where u been boo I texted u
hahaha that's so funny :p
Glad you are coming to class! If you run into any needs or ideas for class, please shoot me a message!
I hate when I spend the night at someone elses house and I wake up like 8 hours before anyone else.
made a very scientific discovery today: the lid of the coffee carafe is NOT the appendix of the coffeemaker machine...
HOW DIS YOU MAKE UR PROFILE PIC??? IT RULES!!!
Might be easier to follow convo with more structure as everyone is at different points in #chartership process??
Legit“: New Vikings LT Matt Kalil called Nick Perry, his former USC teammate, ""the best player that I've ever played against."”
Paul check out - all hits!
Why are so many parents letting their kids run stuff? I've got tutoring clients asking me to lie to students about why I'm there.
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I - I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference. - Robert Frost
I have seen great birdies & taken mediocre photos. I need a bigger lens.
Sherlock, baked potatoes and my babe. I love weekends with Colin.
I know I just realized I had 100+ followers :P
Publishers need to cooperate, interoperate, collaborate and standardize on APIs, for example Opensocial
Going pee with a snuggie on.
Supt says he could support flexibility on funding "specials" for schools that can proove they provided it in 2011-12 per DPI regs.
Of course I'm gonna follow ... DUH!
The darkest night is often the bridge to the brightest tomorrow! ~Rick Godwin
Brains, Genes, and You: My Discover column on the Duke Neurogenetics Study | The Loom
I'm nothing without you <\3
Two female neighbors in San Juan County are feuding. Both own dogs—one owns a few—and one's pack just killed the other's 17-year-old pet.
yeah girl! it's about time, right?!
Gonna go watch cosigned ;)
yea Aug to May
#FutureCast sticky bytes: context over containers; fulfillment key library role; resource management rather than collection development
Do you guys have any daily specials you'd like to list with us for our next issue?!
Laaan made me!!!
#OMG New year's Eve tomorrow. Who is celebrating?
Thanksgiving duck is only a few days away.
THAT MELT IN YOUR MOUTH KINDA PLEASURE. LOL
On my way to the Dome!!!!
Have about 300 pages so far, will probably start out as a series of 50 page downloads on specific topics, some of them 4 free.
Damn, the Lakers are done
#Knicks got that precious momentum heading into
Rock Band Cocktail: The "Drinking in the name of..." made w/ Hornito's Gold, Aloha Grapefruit Juice & grenadine. Now you're under Kontrol!
ouch. That's tough love.
Then we can just super-judge her parents. I made my son wait until I read them first.
APEX Kwanzaa Festival is coming soon. See events on our website.
Mark Wahlberg Beliebs in Justin Bieber’s Acting Future (VIDEO) If anyone can turn a teen pop star into a movie star, it ’s the man fo
342: Isn't it nice how really busy workdays go by so quickly? Today I'm thankful for that (and grown-up grilled cheese sandwiches!).
Waiting = the worst!
Per , next-gen app devs don't care about infrastructure; writing to #cloud platforms. PK: app infra still needs thinking through!
Corp America is driven by Microsoft, IBM, Oracle not Apple.
half of what she said lately was me thinking I was on my own account.
And I had French toast! I got my eye on you, France.
Cashing a check, paying for and picking up my computer, and then home to finish school and re load my pc.
Oh that's cool =] No problem!!
Big day. 3 interviews down 1 to go
How many times is too many.. when it comes to reheating coffee? I'm heading for the 2nd now - but it was fancy coffee not just station drip
Do not fear mistakes - there are none. Miles Davis
So I'm gunna listen to all of Gagas Cds. Starting from THE FAME!
so jealous !
My confidence matches my judgement and that all equals out to be the type of person I am..
I was talking about next Thursday. I can't this week either
creating a Twitter account...
“: Oh, you don't know how to properly use your and you're? That's because your an idiot.” LOL FAIL
Drinking never stops
Niagra falls is about to dump a shitstorm over Denton. Hide yo kids, hide yo wife
when u coming to Denver???
Sick trailer. Gonna see flick this week.
I would like to see Mitt Romney box a kangaroo. If he can't beat down a kangaroo, how can he take on terrorists in Afghanistan?
Oh Matt I'm so torn! Hope your family is enjoying winter!
Big fan of Marlon Byrd & way he played the game. Hope he excels in Boston. Excited for local, Michael Bowden as he begins his Cubs career.
Right on! [...but where have you been?! All of America already knows who got eliminated... :) ]
Be-aware DO NOT USE!!!!! They owe me $9,500
Ran a Pathfinder demo last night for the kids. I wanna do it again.
me too! RT : Need a completely absorbing, cannot look up from the page sort of book. Go!
thanks for these Emily!
Don't forget to join us tonight for our #free event- Paramount Slick Music Studio Open Jam at 7pm. Doors open at 6:30pm!
#MittRomneyFilms Gold Fingers
Happy you discovered something in session on finding "and" in your brand.
so this is the 2nd morning in a row that I've heard That song with that high pitched singer you showed me LOL
Hi, you tweeted abt Kickstarter. Interested in learning more abt how others use kickstarter as I fund my own stuff.
or just turn it off! RT : Tip of the Day: Set your computer to “hibernate” when not in use for 30 minutes or longer.
that is hilarious !!
How funny also just found out I share a birthday with Kendra Kassebaum - my first Broadway Show I went to on Wednesday.
Woke up and wasnt there :( ... memories went thru my mind of us waking up together....good times
God bless the NBA Today podcast. es.pn/gT9scG
Stocks off to big start... Watch close today
Why u say that
What a beautiful day #lovinflorida #makemusic enjoying life
“: Research shows that mice who exercised on a running wheel learned new tasks better than mice who remained sedentary.”
where have you been all my life?
"The heart is also an organ of knowing"
RT this if you want a more consumer protected economy, and more transparency on Wall St. & out of Capitol Hill!
PopChips asks for a viral video and Convo Agency gives them no idea, just a promise to make the biggest viral video ever. & that shit wins?
LOVE YOU MORE !!!! I am so happy for you :)
And with that magnificent talk by we are adjourned. Thanks to all for the great tweeting! Presenters: PLZ send slides!
AMAZING GRACE
Women in Business Thursday was about as real as it gets!
I keep waking up hungover even though I haven't touch a single drop since saturday. I'm doing pretty well.
Agreed, with John a close second. Problem is that while JL made some amazing records he made some duds, too.
I love that everytime i read your tweets i have to read them out loud and in your diary room voice
how are you today
Yes, this is dog.
Sometimes you just have to turn on The Beatles and do an interpretive dance alone in the living room.
I don't think I say, the things I say for no reason.
A2: I'm not a big fan of ads on blogs. They are distracting and seem to dilute the message of the blog somehow.
Time to eat!
Which films have YOU been renting from our Learning Lab?
true that!
That awkward moment when my knee is swollen
I like the unexplained line, too. Is that my limit? If so, why does graph go further? /cc
They call you the hit man well I just talked to sugar he calls you the get hit man lol
For those following me for an interest in library pursuits, please consider following UWTLibrary!
Shopping for groceries has always been so frustrating & overwhelming for me. I wish I knew how to cook :(
did you witness first hand the
Who likes fish as much as I do
Everoney is talking about America and I'm dreaming about it...
Thanks. Hopefully this weekend.
No women priests & no married priests were good reasons to move to the Episcopal Church. Jesus did not ordain these things-man did.
Seriously though, need a date to Prom. Who wants to go?
I hope its hard to look at me..I hope you feel the pain I feel as I cry myself to sleep tonight..
Congrats to my friend genius singer #Rinde Eckert & #Steve Mackey for winning #Grammy Best Small Ensemble Performance
get your ass back on facebook
Im glad someone else is on twitter! lol #trasitioning #happyvday!
I'll let you know...Im a producer too, so i have alot of beatz my self.. But im listening.
IN DA STUDIO ENT WE ALL WE GOT
hey! q tal?
": What happened to ??? Smh"<~u already know what happened! Lmfbo
nice, I am a crossover into entomology, I do what I can to keep up with pathology.
Jordan was hee deanna is a loser
Parents that purposely try to ruin your life <<<
You must be a little crazy to run hills in the dark w/flashlights in the rain. Only 6 of us showed up. We ran 12 hills. High 5's to all.
hahahahahah when are you going to be?
About to play a 'sunrise set'. Wish us luck.
lmfao same, not even to be rude but he's not good at all
are you a fan of Justin Bieber? :)
Do you know if there's some way I can watch Satyamev Jayate online?
jose! Do you remember me from vienna? I baked y'all brownies and it was so crazy you and I never got a solo picture together
Sure thing ;) But u following me back would be the coolest!
"I took my eyes out of my head put them in my purse, & drove my car" crying laughing at
Dear #apple we need users for iOS 6. I am done with my daughter messing the icons on the iPad. at least add it as a restriction.
Retweet If Victoria changed ur life in a positive way.Vic,thank u 4 that.97% of Victorians wont RT this.Be that 3% <U+2665>
Now back to the 'real' world to get some work done...urgggggghhh
ye;) You're alone at school, hsuahauas' the last people at school! :P you're cool
no more colorful tweets? Im on echofan~
listen to BOTDF haha stupid band but i straight geek to it and i just finished some weird religions sheet for WORLD G
'some'? I hear you...I'm sending a big dose of empathy across the pond! Pull the keyboard over that punch hole + enjoy your Sunday!
That's true. The single column might be too pithy as a whole feed for most people.
Thanks for the follow, fellow tweeters!
#whenitwascoolto love kidrauhl and nobody knew who he was..
Can't stop too many wanna see me make it there
Woaaah! Never thought that would happen. Haha :P
I think it's safe to say the winner of the Western Conference Finals will ultimately win the NBA Championship**Thunder or Spurs**
Is it weird I want to run around the in the rain screaming "STELLA!" at the top of my lungs? I was an English Major it's not my fault.
Argh - I really don't want him leading a divisional rival of my Rams - although maybe it would help the Rams' Hail Mary odds.
you're overreacting
- A glimpse of life through the lens of a director.
It's a big leap 4om religious right to theocracy.2label right wing parties theocratic is demogoguery
Just found out I'll be visiting my cousins in Cali for the first time ever this summer!
Washington but moving to California
what next
sike. I study late.
Hanging out about to play some Minecraft with the boy. We're home alone this weekend until I take off to the Roundup tomorrow. Good times.
I'm pretty excited to see at
Miami ..... and put me on the list. lol
It doesn't really surprise me someone stole khalisie's dragons. Who leaves their dragons unattended like that?
Contact me if you need assistance.
Apparently I am the laziest cataloger evah.
face facts, you're a hottie wit a body.
Ladies don't be scurred to put your men in they place...
I read a News Account of the most Recent Earthquake in your country Online.
Congratulations to the 2008 Safeway Classic Champion Cristie Kerr for a second round 66 at the LPGA Championship.
Chiefs roll over Lions in Super Rugby - Brisbane Times
staying on big island for awhile, 10 miles out of hilo 1000ft above sea level panoramic ocean view...awesome!
I just watched august rush literally the best movie...love you!!
Officially left the blackberry world.
Welcome new followers!
RIP Greg Swartz. Though I did not know you well, you are loved deeply and missed by many I love
so #dubsessed feel the drop
asdsfghjkl for the first time ever Chris Corradino liked my wall post (; lmfao
Happy Friday to all the gamers and Steeler Nation!!! I love you all :-)
From South Grove TAP meeting: "Our teachers are stretching themselves, they are growing professionally."
200 kids screaming Justin Bieber lyrics
sorry you couldn't make it to #CovertTU. There just might be an encore!
We would be very interested in working with you to help enhance your website. Feel free to contact me at
re: whether players get racial component RT If you look at player comments about the dress code, quite clear
also, fits with Walker paradigmatic shift in pro-business meaning anti-employee/middle class
Lukewarm Christianity is over...
Didn't know there was a Chicago Taiwanese American Golf League? Well I have good news! I've found a member on this train.
Really, #NBC? You guys always put together the absolutely worst football announcers possible, a Mel Kiper wannabe and a random?
However, those were not the final release. They re-released dubbed stackpaks like a year later.
I saw it on TLC last night and started dying laughing lol xP
I need new dress shoes. Who wants to go shopping with me??
It's a beautiful (but chilly) dat in the neighborhood.
Once again we're gearing up for another week of events. We are adding new venues upon the horizon! Be watching!!!
I feel like this is a following revolution!
I'll take #walkingdead over the oscars any day.
#FF to teachers, and , who both had wildly successful classes this week!
After staying at the Atlantis, it's hard to justify spending money on any other Caribbean hotel. Any suggestions?
Today's alkaline diet tip: Melons -- cantaloupe, honeydew, watermelon -- are highly alkaline forming in the body. Eat plenty!
draw better.
Unless #Apple provides lowcost high speed 4G LTE network, new #Ipad #newipad users will pay big to telconetworks for that HD data use.
LOL, I remember the mandatory fun runs at Grand Forks...WTF?!?!
Babysitting. I swear there is nothing to do!
...Waiting....Waiting....Waiting...WHY ARE YOU TAKING FOREVER
Henson--we need to be ready to subvert the standardized processes and artificial timeframes of western education
especially the little one with like the short hair
Next time I will remember to take my phone out of my back pocket before making a snow angel.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
tomorrow same time
I purchased 1 ticket. I feel a little like Charlie Bucket from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
#TheMostCommonLies "Oh, my phone died"
"Leaders will be those who empower others." ~ Bill Gates
At the SCD World Day program. Lots of great info!
Experience working with talented men of even more valuable in an Olympics year. Never been more excited for the summer games.
I like telling people their butt crack is showing just to scare them :))))))
can we visit alex together this weekend? Please!
aw! how wonderful!!
The man who has no imagination has no wings
someone just referenced the bus from speed.
they don't call it "sub"urbs for nothing. Whole Foods? We have a few of those in the city. Enjoy yourself wherever it is u r.
really cool war room role play on the phone, im pumped! That was fun to watch!
He's a flirt . He's adorable . He's a humor . He's serious but fun . He loves himself .
promote me get me more followers
Hi!! oww' Thank you<U+2665> How are you? #MoreBeautiful Maslower!!
Something is rotten in woodley park's metro.
$14 million! INSIDE Brooklyn's most expensive home - New York Daily News
After all, if you sneeze at the same moment the electricity goes out, that does not mean you caused it.
93% Marvel's The Avengers With a script that never forgets its heroes' humanity and no shortage of superpowered set pieces, The Avengers
O Wee i met a bad1., she a Show Stopper 2........Flexinn
Cooking Shrimp Scampi fa da first time, dis shud be good.
oh ahaha, well thank you!(:
All eyes on the Fed tomorrow; but the Fed is expected to take no action, according to CNBC
Brodeur is back from his nap
yes. Show up at doctor mixers!
don't worry, I'm only "that guy" in my head :P
This teacher voice is really annoying right now.
Remind your face you're happy.
Parents be gettin shit twisted . Yeah you brought me in this world , but that don't mean you can disrespect me .
follow back? ( btw i luv your background :D)
Haha, y'all! I love that word
Eh! It's the thought that counts! Besides ... No one really eats the cookie - they just want the fortune! :-)
#iWillNeverTrust somebody that I feel is hiding something from me.
doing quite well, thank you. Lol, I accidentally tweeted a personal text... Could have been much worse
If this was the NBA half the players would have already fouled out by now. The pushing makes it more exciting.
Go Hawks!
I am a Celtics fan & you know we feel about Lakers.
I literally just joined twitter! this is my first tweet..it would make my day if you would be the first person to tweet me! x
georgia is probably right! oh but some of them were gossip girl manga! i'm not sure what the status of those was
Not gonna lie, it took me a while to realize you didn't mean the band.
Have trading cards 17,24,27, and 57 to swap for the many others I need. 27 is Ted Schellenberg, which should be worth, like, 3 cards.
Amen!! MT : I can't believe my Dem/dumb friends'r making a big deal abt gas dropping a few cents...call me when it's $2 again!!
Awesome, can't wait til you make the move to OB. Awwyeah.
Gym Tanning Laundry
#1000AsianWaysToDie not being living up to ur parents expectations and being like
when did you do my hair last? I feel like it's not dark enough and it's kinda bumming me out.
That looks comfy?
VCU Coaches Clinic October 22nd , , , will be there.
Good morning on this gloomy Wednesday! Pick up a Fruit and Maple Oatmeal this morning on your way to work/school.
Sorry for the mass amounts of posts. Fixing that soon.
All right, offense, Jake Peavy is great and all but let's score some runs anyway. Just for fun.
Do these photos confirm anything in dispute?
At poe middle school rite now getting my transfering sheets (:
New website to launch real soon. It looks amazing. Excited to share it with everyone.
#CaryHoffman is "Mesmerizing..."
Son of a bitch...
"Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence."
B sure to follow the very talented cast of Disney's KICKIN IT
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together. - Vincent van Gogh
I'm a horrible singer LOL
Very excited but also filled with a certain amount of worry with the work that needs doing!
Edgar Rice Burroughs' Barsoom series making comeback. Great stories with war-weary, former military captain John Carter. Disney movie 3/12.
Derek lowe three outs of a complete game shut out!
aw I felt the force. It was all around me c: bless you child lmfao
Looking forward to the LSU/'Bama game tomorrow night. I also hope my Gators play well tomorrow <keeps fingers crossed>
: Follow us on facebook facebook.com/frankmartinezpa for updates. Offices Miami/Orlando Tax/Accounting/Notary
Comparing patient harm rates to "national average" doesn't really help much (if you can even find the data RT
Great workout tonight. Gotta rest up and hit the links for the next tournament
“: “: The 2 most common forms of OCD are excessive cleaning and excessive checking for mistakes.”
Yes, I believe I did. And yes, I just brushed MY shoulder off.
It would have saved everyone a lot of trouble if Hitler could have gotten a medical marijuana Rx for having only 1 testicle.
Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings.
I was gonna give change to a homeless guy today, but his sign said ONE DAY IT COULD BE YOU. So, I held onto it just in case he was right.
I don't trust the American government.....that includes Barack Obama. You can eat that bullshit they feed if you want.....I'll pass tho.
I'm worn out from work but... I Gotta Get IN @ LA Fitness in Broadview, Illinois
that is a waste, 50$ can go towards
Dontari Poe is a BIG dude. Will hog up the middle of the line.
wow- take care of yourself. That's a lot of stress- good stress but still stress! Hugs
im great how r u?
nope that local code for cool
Rage win 14-13. We pray for the Cougars QB who broke his fibula
my goodness, I'm so gonna miss you.
Nice eyes, thighs, but mostly, lies.
Joanne Kares' proudest achievement as an NJ librarian -- providing internet access to the public in the early 1990s. Nice!
LET'S GO FROGS!!.
Check our feed at 6 & 8 p.m. this week: we're celebrating our stellar students and announcing the colleges they were accepted to for fall.
Today opens the Energy Innovation Center in Clairemont. Glad to have a resource like this in my district
Smiling is a random act of kindness.
i. Got three stars on every level of angry bird seasons now!
THUMBS OF LEGEND
This just made you more awesome than you already are:)
Bout to hit up #Crew96 game against #Dynano... Go #YellowTeam!
thanks looks like fun
Yup! I can't believe it's almost over! Time flies! :/ Haha sometimes it gets way too hot to tan! lol!
not sure they would sign Ade unless they got rid of Agudelo and Cooper
"Waxing Lyrical" is by far our #FavoriteLyricOfAllTime ...... get it?
Omg, I love this song.
Leave your fears behind.
Today was the best, can't complain. <U+E406><U+E057><U+E415>
No kidding!! RT : S'posed to go up to 90 degrees tomorrow. Glad we had those 2 days of spring....
7 miles! It's killer, a lot of soul-busting hills. I recommend it!
follow me please? by the way ur like the cutest thing ever:D just needed to tell u(;
okay I'm going to take it to your homeroom tomorrow morning.
Yo, if I see you in person....and you don't look shit like ya avi. I will let twitter know...ur a faker.
So Tebow did alright for me in #ff, but having Moss and Wells both get pulled out with injuries, I'm pretty sure I can't beat Rodgers.
I think discretion is still needed in diplomacy. That said the release has shown how informed and effective our diplomats are
Step One application materials (resume and LOI) for our 2012 Teacher Training Fellowship Program in South Africa are due December 31!
thank you for the amazing class today. The kids loved the combo!!
Keep It MOVIN..
I miss my niece & nephew Retha & Jacob.
Wishing everyone a safe and wonderful Happy 4th of July!
Forgiveness is the sweetest revenge. ~ Isaac Friedmann
All you Lebron/Miami haters some hoes. Bitch ass niggas
That could happen!
please come to Jackson middle school<3 that would be the best thing EVER!!!!<3333(:(:(:(:
im ok thanku hows u x
1pm -- HAPPY HOUR HAS COMMENCED!!! It's the weekend and its 5 o'clock somewhere....we are awaiting your arrival!
The Tim Tebow Show is OVER. Lol
hey can you pwease help my sissy's friend get more followers =) *puppy eyes* I'd really appreciate it! *wags tail*
the art of dying is my life to live.
Manning killed on SNL #justSayingBro ;p
#ThatDepressingMoment When U Realize U Have A Bag Of Weed 2 Smoke N No Blunts Or Papers.
I'd get rid of my facebook if Twitter weren't full of spam.
I like that. How was opening night, btw? Did you watch or were you at the bar?
Putting together a f&w pairing w/Evan Goldstein (MS) of Full Circle 4 our fundraiser. Would be honored to talk w/u.
Social Media can be difficult for an anti-social hermit like me. The more I connect, the more the pressure escalates to disconnect.
to a team that Football Outsiders ranked 30th in special teams. #Ravens are excellent self-scouters
i am literally still obsessed with that show
: Thanks I got a buyer consult from ur suggested FB post..we meet on Thursday. [#BOOM] #c21gc (SCORE!)
Join us for Group Reformer at 5:30!
follow me
Early Menopause Linked to Bone Fracture Risk - New York Times (blog)
RT : VOLUNTEERS NEEDED for bike activities at Hoosier Outdoor Experience @ Ft Harrison this weekend.
Feel like watchin a flick!
Lemme show you something baby
Alone in the back of the bus today...
It's always been en vogue with people in certain circles, but they've always denied/disguised it. But now it's all coming out.
Lol so board
But yay! Can't complain, just waiting for NYU. Didn't get in to Brandeis which was a bummer but ah well
And I believe we are! I'm sick of going to the request page and typing in the song&artist, but I keep going w positive attitude..
The fact that I am not in church every time the doors are open means nothing I'm what u call a stay At home believer:)
Waypoint Seafood &amp; Grill Implements MICROS myreservations, Offering an Added Convenience to Customers and Staff with ...
Please be sure to pre order my new album package for $25.00!
Many amazing things to tell you all very soon!!
Thanks you and night to you too. :)
Dear Presevation Santa, all wants is for all Members of Congress to know that Preservation = Jobs!
RT : #Civilunions & other bills in #SpecialSession will need to start at square one, then work thru both houses.
I want to dress up as a tribute for the Hunger Games.
Heading to to absorb the loss with some good drinks and food.
:D Thanks!
My car didn't survive so well :( Got a few nice dings
CHOOSE TO FOLLOW YOUR HEART...BE CHOOSEY!!!
Simple, indeed. Except for all that power it takes to create a newspaper...
Good deal – let me know if you need anyone to open up for you when you pass through the region. I’m available! :)
someone got shot I think off 67th and monroe
#20thingsaboutme I couldn't live without music.
we're here too! one week, #wits the next!
my teacher called selena gomez a fame whore today oh how i love him lol
Is looking forward to today's road trip to see the #Yankees sweep the #Orioles at #CamdenYards! Go Yanks!
Perhaps I'll have a scone and a large house blend this morning. ;)
Hello there May! :)
How fart (are) you?
and why has no one called Taylor out when her comments were captured on film? You say she's sweet but I think she's sneaky!
We're right here in Portland 1618 NE 122nd www.refectoryportland.com Great food and drinks all day everyday. See you soon
PB&J. Eat it every day for Lunch. Yum
I wish I was skinny lol
Your eyes tell lies your mouth could never spill.
Just got Love for my "Drink up Bitches" shirt on the East Side.... everyone loves that bar
I can't sleep either
happy bday homie I kno its late but I'm from the south we just got wind of it lol
Hope everyone receives at least one blessing today
Just getting off the bus and walking in Epcot!!!
ankle and knee injury gonna hurt Wheeler long?
Mayor Landrieu at Am Healing saying we don't care abt black men killing each other like we do about Trayvon. Eye rolling at my table.
I am desperately hoping that the course is as good as it sounds. So eager to begin!
How's the Bering Sea treating you?
Interviewed & hired next year's Trinitonian staff in a 4 1/2 hour meeting, walked , and wrote a 12-page paper.
Went to Church this morning to hear the word of God... it was AMAZING. RT if you can relate <3
hey Alex can u help me get 2,000 plz so i can follow my new followers n by the way i love ur videos so much
I got abandonment issues, but I'm working on it
Eugh. My dad is in major bitch mode right now.
thanks for the tip!
When at a trade show, everyone could be your prospect. Don't be choosy about who you talk to, but still make sure to qualify!
Thursday Night Specials : $3 Domestic Drafts, $5 Hairy Beaver, $6 HAIRY BEAR and $5 Long Islands
Drakes new album bangs
#Mavs Blue Christmas vs Heat at 1:30pm! Arrive early, wear Mavs Blue & watch Mavs raise the 2011 NBA Championship Banner!!
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG, OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA & TO THE REPUBLIC
bed bath and beyond by my house. But you have to be ready to commit. -_-
so whats for lunch then? lmao
What game do you play if you don't take care of your teeth?Tooth (truth) or Consequences.
CULINARY WORD OF THE DAY: Panir - A fresh, unripened cheese, made from cow or buffalo's milk & curdled w/ lemon juice.
Listening to music, hbu? :)
Happy hour is on!!!
Hope everyone has a SPOOKtacular Halloween!
Last night I dreamed of watching 'Rudolf the Red Nosed Reindeer' Director's Cut, with It was strange.
yump im boss like that
Calif native, but Fl for 35 years...sigh. Thank you for the caring,
Lend me your tired, your poor – and we will let them die, if they have no health insurance.
you two are awesome people.
RT I seriously hate being on a diet.. It makes me so dizzy
Thanks to all who supported the 100th Birthday of the First Friday Art Walk! We are looking forward to the next 100 with you all!
Single girl swag
I agree!
Awesome day with my best friends
I disagree. White lies are lies, but they are necessary lies.
Good enough. On the tail end of a sore back from jiu jitsu but biking and working at a standup desk helps!
Reasons why im weird- in social studies my teacher said I aint saying she a gold digger, but she aint dealing with no broke nigga
This....RT : One politician endorsing another is like poo endorsing diarrhea.
Me-Do We Have Hangers?mom- No.Me-Ugh,Fml Mom-Thats Nothing To Fml About!if All Your Family Died And Then You Become Paralyzed Then Say Fml..
damn nigga , you aint learned SHIT . watch how its done , keep talking . fear the unexpected ;
Grade A piece of ass
Watchin Revolver Golden Gods with my mom !!!
he's the only guy that fucked me.
nothin much just chillin at home goes the BBQ goin
Chillin watching the game
follow back? ;)
Brazil butt lift is kicking my butt
Thursday Tweetcast - Sunny and very warm, highs in the mid 80s. A few showers/storms are possible over far N AL; our area stays dry.
aaww...i was waiting for urs :\
No I didn't.
Quote: "The best remedy for anger is delay." Brigham Young
Is this an automated tweet? It's been painful the last 4 times I've read it here.
let me see what I can do on that.
Has anyone been able to #spottheshuttle? I can't believe neither or thought to do an interactive tracking map!
Luxury Upper East Side Condo - oasis coolers
Funny how Luna Vachon made her debut and beat the stuff outta Sensational Sheri
you JUST texted me
#Oregon Got the best Uniforms!!!!
NEW OPPORTUNITY: Male Pop Singer (16-22) needed immediately for successful Boston group. Email for more info
had that song in my head all day
I'm not telling him anything. I was voicing my opinion.
dinner and movies with and friends.
when does it get easier has been repeated a few times on my playlist now
Thank u for everything u have brought to this world with ur music and love for others. I love u and HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! #SWAG :)
Apparently. Very. Also, the series is actually called "The Weight of the Nation."
Nice quote from in this week's on Manning driving incremental revenue for Broncos through hospitality options.
Left alone with baby girl. We had m&ms for dinner.
Are you running #Windows? Have you considered #Linux? For a laptop, I'd go with #Mint or straight
I don't think they can win it ALL. That's a bit extreme.
More great work by Brilliance! RT : Excited to announce the launch of FJR Consulting's new website www.FJRCInc.com
I love #AngelinaJolie so much!
Justin Bieber can get it !!
im happy for you!
Going to see #mikeepps dwn at the arena tonight :)
“: “: someone just wished me a happy new year UM IT'S MAY” merry christmas.(:” happy halloween!
i will i will make sure i know it inside and out before i start recording. i will focus a ton on the harmonies
I find that in you! Love u woman!
we have never been geocaching but hear it's awesome!! did you score anything cool?
chillin with my sister and our babies:) life is good!
Hahaha! You know he's hot...you can admit it. ^_^ I'll check it out though, I've heard it's good.
Were making a list of tutorials to make.. Do you have ideas? Post them here! What do you need help on?
Happy Birthday!
<U+25BC> Thanks for the follow. If you're looking to change your life like I was here is a free $50 gift <U+261E> {link--------------
yes sir (:
Thank you!
Run or walk in the Knight-Thon at UCF 5K THIS Sunday at the Memory Mall on campus. Registration starts at 7am and the race starts at 8am.
*My phone rings*
Oh, HBO is doing a show on how big Vice's egos are. Wait no, just another channel doing some form of look-at-me-look-at-me-vice-tv
": I need to start keeping to myself and let certain people in" sometimes its necessary
You're on my mind and the crazy thing is that you're not even mine >.< <33
Any plans for an Occupy contingent to get involved with the activism around health care at the Supreme Court next week?
The Blackhawks had a great win against the Red Wings, do you think they can keep the roll going and beat the Stars?
cause we coo' lyke that (; lol
The Stew: Urban Dictionary offers feast of food terms
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> I love you! You should text me with the deets.
...and I have no deadline. I am doing this because it gives me great pleasure, and it gives me greater pleasure to do it well and go deeply.
Nevada is 2nd second in the nation in foreclosed homes & has highest unemployment rates
SO TRUE and NOT OK.
we have to get him a new MJD shirt
Had a great rehearsal for with guest drummer Brian Wolfe. Love that guy.
congrats on today's win, we love you man!
llets all wear masks.
But it's a dry heat;)
Ikr! I almost screamed out loud, then I was like dang it:) but it's still a Niall something following me( I'll pretend lol);)
It wasn't my normal route, I just had a question about downtown stops. Woman looked at me like I was crazy.
As long as you keep a person down, some part of you has to be down there to hold him down. ~Marian Anderson
I'm in love with #dubstep <3
At least you're aware of you're sexiness.
RT This time change Crap doesn't work well with my brain.
they'd have to put your fishing show on HBO late night.
But if you take the slightest pleasure in it, that's the time to hold your tongue
Bayern's already blown two wide open chances.
And with that...the #bucks season and playoff chances are done. The #knicks scored the final six...to "deep six" Milwaukee
I colored my hair!
MobileMe has gone down - I know via notifications on 5 devices. Not good Apple!
That's an interesting observation! I think that's why my sts still like paper for more process-oriented things
we'll play later this week, i got a bunch of lawns today and tomorrow
There is nothing fair weather about fans.
Im gay
I feel like callin or textin somebody!
RIP Donna Summer. That's sad. T_T
The chicken sometimes tastes like chewy cat -jenna
what up with ya boys ish? i need some hype in my life and some jj's
If you don't believe that you're creating your world,whether it be your successes or your failures then you're at the mercy of circumstances
I know it turn off already and then like I waited a hour and it get frozen on the apple
Was driving on the 405 fwy, saw a DeLorean next to me, and at the same time Huey Lewis' "Power of Love" came on the radio.
Woman @ crosswalk: "homeless people have cell phones. I mean..." Me: "isn't that great!" Don't think it was the response she was hoping for.
We can make a commitment to promote vegetables and fruits and whole grains on every part of every menu
no stress in eating healthy xocai chocolate
yeah but I'm still in the car
Breast Cancer Awareness Week: September 28- October 4… Lee National Denim Day, October 2. Wear denim and pink to support awareness.
Bon Iver is clearly bringing sexy back.
< that wuz an hour ago we'll slide maybe 2morrow
Next in workflow wars--getting a file- and workflow-mgmt system like k4 so version control isn't on manual. Any exp out there with k4?
One month anniversary of #Lacey fire district 3 closure of station 3. Silence from those promising better relations between citizens and
Follow the young boy on that microphone
Designed a metabolic strength routine this morning for my young workout partners. Will see if they can keep up with me!
Takin a break from #idol 2 say #gogrizz since gm 5 is a win or STAY hm game.
RT if you love One Direction (Follow me, I'll follow you back)
Keep looking up
Condom Sense poster in window......Most wanted crackheads w pic!! too funny
What do you to cure a case of the Mondays?
Still at work. Missing drinks and trash talking with soo sad
So true.
French speaking test today. I hope I pass, I actually have to study for this one.
The same $ U spent on the DJ that had a name in the streets could've been spent on 10 DJs that actually be in the streets!
UFC 127 tonight with Penn vs. Fitch at 7! $5 cover means you better get here early!
I like that!
It's slamming' at Long Wong's in Tempe, AZ. Melismatics up soon, so head down if you ain't here yet.
Outside of the big guy, some amazing EU folks out doing their thang.
What about moving beyond passive measures and having them do hands-on projects to solve real-world problems?
I have Nilo on that day for Columbia, must have got mixed up. No worries you're good to go! Glad we figured that out now haha
Party at jackies tonight for TVD
bien Pues!Have you talked to rob?
I keep both my heads where they suppose to be.
RT : Chad Henne is trending? Why? Did he get cut again?
yay, cat dresses for the world!
action. thought. people. product. like that Jimmy.
Bored bored bored
Hope feels better
Tweeting on my new ally android. Loves it!
RT : SAVE THE DATE! Urban League Of Central Carolinas annual Whitney M. Young Jr. Awards Gala is March 23, 2012 7:00pm at...
"The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining." - John F. Kennedy
I hope for your sake #KU has a better second half :)
Working on the library's delicious account
My account has been hacked and I can't change password. I get the message, "Something is technically wrong. Thanks for noticing,"
haha I am in school?
Thrilled to have and join the Summit as National Co-Hosts!
I'm Officially. DONE wit you lol ...you LAME lol. Go sleep its passed your bedtime
Thanks for the mention! Please note that this year's show actually starts at 11:59pm.
I love how whenever parents say somethinq they end up beinq wronq and the kid ends up beinq riqht
next time you go on a vay kay, take me with you please ! Lol
Doctors at Brigham and Women's perform the hospital's 2nd full face transplant. Took 14 hours. Details at 5:30 on
:O hey! *swaggers past* "Ceebeelah: My neighbors listen to good music. Whether they want to or not! -__-"
I like how some Women say "Men only pick the Crazy Chicks!" ..like we saw her Keying up a Niggas Car & said "Can I get yo #"
I promise not to tweet everything ridiculous I read in 50 Shades of Grey - but only because then I'd have to tweet the whole book. Zing!
VP RECORDS - Miramar,FL Which record store are you visiting today for Record Store Day?
Whats good my brotha??? =D any of your girls interested in coming to the playboy mansion during february? Paid event.
RT Favorite fitness is walking b/c it doesn't require any special equipment. When ready, run!
At the boomerang now next THE TRAIN(: <WeMissAustin!>
alright psycho
my favorite quote
Been intrigued by for some time, now even more so in light of the brilliant move to hire
Laying in bed listening to #Jesus music. Great end to a
Encouragement for the Day: You have every reason to be EVERYTHING that God has created & destined you to be
Woke up with a banging headache...can't imagine why
RT : "To cultivate kindness is a valuable part of the business of life." ~Samuel Johnson
I'll be posting a new series of biz tip videos in the next few weeks. Hopefully, you'll think they're better than the last series.
S/0 For answering questionsHow long yu gone be wit the heats n do yu think u would eva play ball 4 Chicago.!?
Quote I was sad about: "When other ways fail, I'll go to the librarian. ..."
Trav put me on call tonight.
Gotta head to a party soon! #SUNDAYSWAGGIE (:
Every great empire begins with a strong compelling vision. Follow it. Act on it. Be passionate about it. The right people will come and help
Thanks for the s/o
(wine wednesdays)
This snow storm has delayed my plans to the beach, but has slowed down the military assault on Homs, Syria.
me?i am the lucky recipient of your 15 million "thx for the follow".pls tell me this was an accident!Try dm next time
What is your all-time favorite Back Yard Burgers product? Tell us what you LOVE.
To be honest with you I love both! I'm not a fan of Goat Cheese though.
:: & join Live for "What's Hot" :: Frontier cuts deep/Planned Parenthood targeted/Drunk Injuries
Need to look into #nba tiebreakers in the event the Blazers / Spurs / Thunder end up tied.
Looking forward to lively discussion of the future of SSF el camino/chestnut area. Plaza, library, housing retail all part of the vision.
[1] Missing from Obama's list of terror victim countries was Israel, which has suffered more from Islamist-inspired terrorism . . .
the east coast always is own someone elses slang .. niggas needa start makin their own shit up.
RT : "Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns; I am thankful that thorns have roses."-Alphonse......
Sweet! RT : I woke up this AM to 5 minutes of sunshine. Looked out the window and saw a rainbow that ended at office!
I appreciate that!
ah is a life saver! <3 you girl!
": #BadaBing" remember who taught you what that was
this the mix you putting out fam
CODY I LOVE U PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND I WILL BE SO HAPPY I SAW U AT PAC FAIR:) hehehhe
Sorting through some antique tag, card & envelope stock we are going to sell on Etsy. Natural yellowing, faded edges + curl included.
I had yours but I wasn't worried about the finger shot lol and you don't need that anymore anyways the way you was all drunk lol
"I should have" should be a phrase stricken from the english language
Bang Tech 12 & DTM - these guys are great. Classy but gnarly #Detroit party. Even the ugly records I bring are welcome here.
#FOLLOWMEKIANLAWLEY are you sure your still following? Shouldnt you follow the people who vited first?
same thing. Did I say triple A? I meant the IronPigs.
Listening to Breathe Electric <333
Levels by Avicii as been my alarm for over a year now... I really need to change that.
That was some funny, funny stuff alright.
Oh! I didn't realize it was about River Country. I knew about the old park but not that it is haunted!
“: Lmao, which one .? Nicole?” of course lmao
what does that even mean... lol
Lebron James will be named MVP Saturday for the third time in the last four seasons
Finally a clean live shot. I'm 1-5. Batting better than Hosmer.
Tougher q. I think it involves letting the community inquire, talk about what they love--drive the conversation
Oh ard! i remember that! lol
Only if you play me a blues song by Steve Vai tonight??
well... I deserved that. sigh
If all pans out around this time in two weeks I'll start my first day as a resident of California. :)
New local #printing sales channel: O2O (online2offline) Groupon.com. Add it to B2B & B2C to drive local sales when excess capacity allows.
Really? That's what makes me strange? I literally couldn't sleep last night...I needed something to occupy my time!
RT : I swear saying real shit I retweet he's shit all day...that's not the real jeezy this is
Time to go back to work for another week!
that's how it is sometimes they want to call when you're busy and they don't have nothing else to do
I LOVE IT BEBES
which one/model? i've been debating on getting one myself.
I'm still pissed off about that though
holey moley me oh my
some fans who like to be creepers...
Quick sand is what this life feel like
“: Programming note : sitting on and scott garceau 3-6 ” This one sounded better
love your profile pic!!!
that's straight up theft
we took 2nd in open... was a blast :)
So im not goin
Just know that nothing you do will bring you closer to me .
#OMgoodness you did and thank you please help keep me motivated and share what worked for you*****
Its old news BUT what a weekend for Sporting and for the club's budding scout team!!!!
Happy 17th Birthday Jessica Jarrell I Hope One Day I Will be like u.
Im waiting for my cheeseburger. Stop asking me about my tattoos.
same here.
After Hours Blog : 2011 Butterfly Bash (Pictures)
Happy Arbor Day! Does anyone plan on going out and planting a tree? If you do, make it the state tree: the Sugar Maple!
Rex will be affordable . 1 million for one year
Cleaning my room, I feel like a hoarder
Is it sad that Jimmy the Groundhog has a cushier life than me? I'm just jealous of that damned nice hat he has.
You guys were so amazing on ABDC (:
Let's find a date that works for the 4 of us. We'll schedule it and I'll post it on the #fitmke site.
It comes down to this will they do it
hey girl! i got my bellybutton pierced today!:D
Should we bring snorkel gear in case of rain tonight at #Bernays?
"stop barging in here and infecting me with your anxiety" Peggy Olsen on mad men
My friend asks me: wats my relationship status???!!!. I say: its #CLASSIFIED LMAO
I'm staying home to watch it!
Swag alert.
Was skeptical but now convinced: Indian restaurant at Promenade Mall food court is superb. Maybe best in town (sorry, Indian Palace)
aww thanks mister.
Did you get the newsletter? In it we announce another Facebook contest!
with good weather we can go to the Torino beach
im feeling the same way :/ I hate when it happenss
who are you touring with?
is it tonight or next week we are not meeting? Maddie said it was tonight... I thought it was next week.
#dplawest Tim O'Reilly: we publish our books DRM free.Good for his biz. DRMlocks prevent good search; booksearch should work like web search
Big screen tonight<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. -Ayn Rand
LA continues to have high pollen count. I'm finding that a day started with a neti pot is a better day. Thanks
It's May!!!! Time is flying by!
i got out of the shower and was in a tank and short shorts and my ex,guy likes me,and my cousin were in my living room palmn-2-face
Morning ya big tart!
and sake shots :)
Thanks for stopping by and thinking of us for the event!
strikeouts are a separate analysis. BABIP is just that... BABIP. Ks don't factor in. his K rates aren't significant atm.
Yes! We need to grab up those daily deals when we love 'em! You should check out our site: savetodaycentral.com
me and you both
Just had cheese and crackers and a coke for breakfast.
AH, GOTTA INTERVIEW WITH VICTORIA'S SECRET TOMORROW!
Happy 420 Everybody!
Prob speaks 2 some personality flaw of mine, but having someone declare it "Screen Free Week" makes me want 2 double the fam's screen time.
Guess who's excited for 's new video?! ME! Haha #yee (:
RT : Yet another reminder that the Internet is amazing - or can be, if you let it.
Today Get a free Frie with any order
PLEASEE follow me? It would mean the world! I am a dancer too!
real nice! If you like rain and green
I hope u had an awesome day at school :)
No one can get in the way that I feel for youu. No hoe will stop me from getting to you. ;)
old storyline..but who knows.
Dig it? I love it!!! I've played it all day at work today...very nice!!! this is how jazz is suppose to sound...thank you!!
Personally, I think it makes you seem smart and sophisticated.
It doesn't matter the quality of your video. If you get the most smashes off of advertising your in the contest, ur a finalist
all this after I never said that I knew all stats for the team I'm a fan of Yet I do see rings, banners, etc
my dad is a huge fan. He's recovering from surgery. Could you could send him a get well tweet that I can share. His name is Bob
are you out?
watching criminal minds... I'm going to have nightmares for sure.
school so expensive that plenty innovative people r kept away from fields they may b game changers in cuz they can't get the degree
yep I gave u credit though.
Happy birthday to !
:/ well, you could drive towards one. Lol
congratulations to you & !
We that are true lovers run into strange capers.
Eff you wind. You ruined my super moon viewing. :/
How are we doing today?
Coming up on WCJS Radio, Jazzin em Up With Cres O'Neal's interview with Grammy/Award winning composer, Patrick Williams - 8 pm EDT
Watching the news and hoping the rumor that Jr Seau committed suicide is not true. looking like it's true though :(
In other news ive had maybe 2 hours of sleep and god am i a pissed off bitch.
lol made that shit official as hell
too early to tell. Painter has starting experience but if we get to him we're screwed anyways
Its perfection. RT : “ “ Adele REALLY should sing He Won't Go live...”” I love that songg .
I think I like everything luke donald has ever worn. “:
Did this plane not land in Vegas? Then it is nowhere near to the worst flight ever. IT WAS AWESOME!
"There is a time to seek, and a time to lose; a time to keep and a time to throw away"
Alright. I have a new artist. With the name of . This girl right her CAN sing! Meet me tomorrow morning.
Someone come have a couple's massage with me? I'll pay! Seriously, I will, I'm so sore.
Live and learn! RT Really wishing I'd made a storify of blizzard tweets last year.
please don't say that :( i would probably commit suicide, not even joking. i love you <33
went to the art museum and baked moustache cookies today.
judge me by my soul's depth
Three horns never play with long necks.
Don't let past relationships ruin your future happiness, scars remind us of where we've been, not where we are going.
Just ate a whole chocolate bar... Diet starts tomorrow
Welcome to Titletown! From to - word up!
So then HMU! c:
Heading East on this beautiful Saturday! If you're near Morristown, TN, stop by the Rose Center for the Herb Festival. I play at noon today!
Now that Bin Laden is dead, can the TSA end the liquid paranoia?
You have no idea how hard it is to force myself to stop thinking about you,sometimes .
can you send scratched players list when available
I'm sure I'm sorry but thank you
Zero in on those girls and date them!
that's incredible. Are you sending out some kind of magnetic force field that make trains stop)
bro this dude is a douche , just looking for mentions
Woo! Merry Christmas! Time to get some lox and other Jewish goodies w/ my cuz, !
YAY for MD!!! House passes gay marriage bill...
because you are waiting until we are on summer to be !! Haha we say some funny stuff !! Miss you
“If you're going through hell, keep going.” -Winston Churchill.
have you sent in your entry? I still haven't received it. :)
Hahaha okay! Gotcha down as my interior design source. For cars???
pandora really knows me today c:
Should probably get to bed now..Good night
Enjoy some lunch and catch a little #PresidentsCup action with us this today.
I love my friends, but I miss you!
Someone was really a little chatterbox today! Just when I had finally taken you off my shit list too.
in Milwaukee Wisconsin. Tell Caine hello from the Midwest.
REST in Jesus finished work or RUST in your self effort!
awesome! so what exactly happened when you met him?(:
Please follow me :))
"snowpod"? Or another one?
Monday rocks! New week, new exciting stuff! Hope everyone is having a blast at #SXSW!
but people can vote multiple times for Pepsi Refresh - are they counting people or votes?
I can't wait to watch a TV program surrounded by polictical ads!
keep the Hackoff! Get rid of the Smackoff - your callers suck!
Happy Birthday!!!
signed with the heat
Does wimax work?
#lifevineworks co-founder and author, brian weddington is at the youth summit!
In 2001 Burgers account for 40% of all sandwiches sold in commercial restaurants.
they didn't actually film in their offices though
RT : MS OneNote is really starting to work for me - all my ideas and research clips organized in one spot. It is about time, Micr ...
You had a good girl, but didn't know how to treat her.
Use glue! RT : The only issue is finding someone who can either iron or sew.
Finally Reborn! New gig on Sat 1/14 @ Mainstay w/ Tower of Silence & Second Chance at Eden! Welcome in new drummer Wade Dakota Robertson!
Excellent question. I think they'll need to employ a bit of auto-tune before Koko releases an album.
Can someone please fix the sound problem? Painful...
When someone tweets that and you read it in a dream?! Sorry can't happen!-.-:(
I'd really like to go as the Phanatic for Halloween.
Damn Cops! RT : Had a good day then got a speeding ticket and was sad :( but & the real one turned it around!
thats what old people and women say, lol
In My Time of Sighing...
you design and ponder the workings of the universe!? Amazing!
Nono , You are awesome for thinking of that awesome name !! gobezz ! ante jegnaaa !!
The lost art of common sense!!!
So pumped to see tonight #HouseOfBlues #Orlando & again 5/19 at #RuthEckardHall My
Thinking about making banana bread when I get home.
noo , i wanna know !!
#DarkShadows wanting to see this movie so bad!!!
My little girl feeding me her cuppycake ice cream as she would say
for what?
Museum of Science and Industry is really cool too if you have any extra time!
Well glad we made it home .... Flat tire an all....
Learned from swimming at university pool today: high risk that swim team chick will share your lane and make you look like an old granny
MOUG business meeting: Spreading the good word about MOUG business.
Melinda is 1 on speed dial. But I don't know it. Or my home phone number which is 2 on the speed dial.
Weymouth's Christmas lights to be switched on in town - Dorset Echo Weymouth 's Christmas lights to be switched on in town Dorset Echo Tr
-- Sharp, indeed.
The stupidity of your remark, yeah, painfully
Also, 49th Parallel is one of my very favorite Powell & Pressburger films. Please don't miss it!
Got an exciting e-mail from last wk that music is coming to my inbox soon! So proud to be one of his Kickstarter backers! :)
wack..and its not funny
to let him advertise to people who might not know any better and think they're getting a sweet deal
it was nice while it lasted:(
I only bleed benjamin green
People to follow
I missed it! What did he talk about?
Learning to be free.
hope you're having a lovely time!!!
HAIL TO THE #REDSKINS Let's Go Redskin Country! Fight For all
hey how you been?
Joining twitter so I can follow KPL
Old people get on my nerves -__-
will do! You guys gotta sign it at the show. Deal?
Times like this, Twitter needs a 'like' button. Fun stuff!
Much needed night with my buddies.
WE GOT U SHOP ON LINE @ NUWORLDCULTURECLOTHING.COM IT"S WAT U DON"T IS WAT MAKES U SMILE KEP N AZ SEXXY
I hate when people do it too, but I have zero interest in the baseball game it's a ritual every year lol
Bae made my morning :).
Life is good! My locker at the gym and at work are both 85, because everyday they remind me to
hey sam it charissa is this the right sam?
agreed on arsenal. I will shed a tear when wegner leaves that club. But, yeah I wished they spent more.
ur making me feel some type of way!!! Why haven't I heard from u???
I heard you were sick, feel better scrap:)
for some reason i have forever young stuck in my head
Twitter Problems on my iphone! Sorry, everyone.
#It'sFriday Get naked at wrk..
I like Scandal--at least the idea of it, but this dictator storyline is a bit contrived to me.
There are no options to insert your own text or picture into an ad anymore.
Venture Capital Radio Interviews Gary Economo of Focus Metals ...
All the Cubanas stand the fuck up!!!!!
i love Pandora
Thanks Mike!!
lets go somewhere where they can't find us, forever.<3
A message with passion draws people in, because they crave a sensory experience.
#HappyMothersDay to the #HappyMothersDay without them who know who the Boyz would be like, they have raised beautiful Boyz!
thanks babe!
It's so good to be an adult.
#Henry is such a legend!
nobodies perfect...
eating at calhoun's with the best aunt ever!!! and
DAMN CAN I TASTE IT MAMI
Been watching a lot of horror even found a lovecraft movie midnight meat train was really good by Clive barker
I'm voting for you and your nuts in 2012!
my last day @ #chi2011 learning about how people read and feeling like my motivation for going to school is back
Vernon Howard What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear what you say.
Is a super magic man. We stay up till 5am. Although we're bound by Shamen law,what goes on tour stays on tour! (Boosh)
Feels like daaannccinnngg
Happiest girl in the world right now
Half time for filming the next #Rush concert DVD. Freewill was just about perfect. Alex nailed the solo. Best time ever!
CAP = COMMUNITY ACCEPTANCE PROGRAM -- This New 'Alternative to the Criminal Justice System' is Coming to America in 2013.
Give me a car audio system with Spotify and I'll be set... for life. LIFE.
“: Uhh girls still get down in college?” exactly... GIRLS lol
missing the boy.
Off i go lol cute outfitt c: confidence gets me through my day
why do all the weirdos come in at closing time?
U fall bak n ill fall bak more
I think people's feelings depend on the book they handed out. THE STAND? HUNGER GAMES? Great! Others? Eh.
MAC MILLER<333333
Being told you look fit knowing you ate an entire pizza days earlier is the definition of #winning thanks
Leadership is understanding people and involving them to help you do a job
my favorite time of the day lol
If u dont doit someone else will. Trust me
rant rant rant! i hate christmas music during thanksgiving.
"Consolidation and Virtualization: Doing More with Less"?
Hope you had a fun break!
went well, wind turned bad in the last mile
Someone once told me, u 'become' your environment. I have found this to be true
two words.. one name: Mile Fontenot.
yay! Good morning! How was your sleep? Have a nice day Austin.<3
Spent 4.5 hours on a boat in the ocean elaborately feeding squid to fish. I'd say it was fishing, but I didn't actually catch anything.
Mason folks re:myMason & Courses outage. We understand that there may be issues at the Bb data center. Many folks working on this.
Feeling The Effects Of The Snow Right Now....... lol
Ticklish is a state of mind. What's your state of mind?
love the hats
On the road to Page County for a dinner with some great local Dems-amazed by the stinkbug infestation along the way!
Hey girl, I'm good. Just finishing up a long holiday weekend.
Getting ready to do mathXL. <<<<<
<3 RT : As long as you are passionate about your vision, you should keep moving forward
they don't know the truth behind you, but now i do ;)
Fab. ” Still going & it's awesome. : Hot Brands Awards begins in 15 in the Forum Ballroom”
lost 1 pound since his last weigh-in! He's lost 20.6 pounds so far.
he will play and contribute... They'll likely use White in the slot too
Great win for Rafa!
A sore throat is like the 4th worst thing in the world...behind Hitler, Oprah, and McDonalds
st. vincent and the grenadines is a great country name. obscure british invasion/underground motown group-y.
Success isn't built on success. it is built on failure. It's built on discontent. Sometimes its built on catastrophe.
Please people whenever you go to church please make sure you bring a friend. It's very important.
Obama's state of the union last night was definitely inspired in part by Occupy. But do we trust him enough to vote for him again?
Just 3 "likes" away from 100...share More Skees Please with your friends and family today!
My point is you can get good value in later rounds with RB. However, I probably take TRich if Mo. Claiborne is gone.
Brah u Seen me ariler u walked right pass u dont want NO PARTS BRAH !
If we do nothing but focus on being a talent magnet for our #AMA chapter, we can have the biggest impact
Forget all the reasons why it won't work and believe the one reason why it will.
you're too kind...
I'm fortunate to be able to do both right now. :-D
She does not look plus-sized.
I spoke too soon--still out in Baltimore.
It will Happen :)
Thanks for the comment. You are pretty awesome too!
What comes down to us? Issa's 20,000 poems Don't contain the man.
Mostly everything start off small, u can watch it grow or make it grow.....depends on ur level of motivation..
going out soon! Ill ttyl!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Stoke the Fire Within! Today's guest, Charlie Adams, will show you how!
The Truth: Boston Celtics Game two Recap - Hardwood Houdini
I don't have a clue what you're talking about
ROAD TRIP!!
Welcome to the team! : Starting next Sunday May 14th, I will be hosting on in Denver!!!
Thanks! Older, but um... wiser?
Happy birthday to Chuck today!
If you don't associate yourself with that race. Dont freaking claim it like it's apart of you.
Sadly bailing on the Old 97s. Unless miracle 4-wheeling stranger near St Paul pings me ASAP.
I like how the first thing I think CLFL is, is Crew Life Foe Life(: RT :
Thank you ! You as well!
machindrum - midnight tonight at low end theory ! <3
“: #Pisces don't do what they do for your approval ratings!!” Amen!!
wow! go kill it :)
Somebody want to let the Sox know that's Luke fucking Hochevar on the mound and not Bruce Chen?
Wow that was pretty bad (Extremely loud &...). An incredibly annoying lead character, among other things. How did that get a best pic nod?
when my hairstylist in downtown NYC asks if I live in NYC, i want to respond with "no i live in this place called wisconsin.." and then she
It's all about the hustle. If you aren't there, someone else will be ready to take it. Grab as many opportunities as possible.
"Spiritual progress lies in the discipline of the soul & the purification of the nafs, not in the mechanical performance of worship only."
thanks for the follow.
GOOD MORNING! feeling so super, i'm blessing the office with song ::tra la la [insert showtune]::
#TupacFoundALive Best day of our lives!!
next followers who follow her.. she so cute.. LIke her tweets.,<3<3<3<3 folloow all (her)
Should they have removed the pic? RT : CBS affiliate removes photo of anchor posing with Chris Brown. bit.ly/qyRE7L
U.S. estimates #Medicare will no longer be able to pay full benefits starting in 2024, same as last year Â’s forecast.
Does Markakis always strike out looking? Swing the damn bat, Nick.
we are missing you already, Scoopy McBastard.
“: He is the reason Mona Lisa is smiling.”
Remember add value by doing little things for people who are positive and negative in your life
Monday! Let's get goals going! www.IamINC.biz
#bieberonthevoice did ok
Why does she always do things like that?
I hope you are quite alright. You seem angry. :/
On set of #MTV's #teenwolf, let's work!
Merry Christian! Spend time with your family today. If you are reading this, get off Facebook or Twitter now! And go open your gifts :)
I'm sorry, Alternate.
thank you.<3
I hope your baby pens meet OKC in the Calder Cup finals. I'll have some shit talking to do to you Pens fans ;)
dropping truth bombs, Rex!
Knock Knock..Who's there? HAPPY..Happy who?..Happy #CriminalMinds is on tonight!!!!
RT : I have found that cover images for boards are huge - choose well - dont let it default to latest pinned image
Good Morning :)
Not so much... I'm thinking I may consult a professional... considering my lung almost ended up on the floor last night :(
AW:-) y don't u stupid ppl let them be?? if they want to be together LET THEM!!! sheesh -_-
I am done for the week. Watching #und vs. #Minn in the #WCHA semis hoping it goes about 13 overtimes!
Go to sleep
I thought the tune was on par for the show and the disconnect Don faced. It was also a Beatles tune I wasn't familiar with.
Do you think you have what it takes to be a future Champion? Go to RocktagonMMA.com and sign up!
This is the kind of thing that the media ought to be covering 24-7!
Already have the fire going and unpacking the suitcase. Tacos for dinner tonight!
I understand u like thrifting, but if ALL yo clothes come from thrift stores that's a problem !
New forecast about 4 minutes away on #wsfa TV. Special hour long newscast to cover the storm aftermath til 9AM.
I'am SO EXCITED!
Ha! She's not giving herself enough cred! RT : "I'm a relatively dude-like lady." - Maddie
Coming to a blog near you today--- Wedding Wednesday, picture overload! ;)
Now THAT was a DIVE BAR STICKUP show!
I saw one article about it but it was no where near 60 TIMES its original goal then. Your article is continuously more relevant
Thanks I got my book
WE ARE OPEN FOR #BLACKFRIDAY! Come on in and receive 10% OFF of everything in our store! Offer is only good until 12pm today!
blowin up social networks... Pot/kettle
"A culture of one is no less important than a culture of one billion."---Capt. Jean-Luc Picard
I wasn't ready for this
Thank you same to you kiss the babies for me “: happy mothers day”
we are coming to LAS VEGAS! 4TH WEEKEND IN AUGUST!
can u leave two tickets for me at will call tommorow daygame.
RT Please rt that I had a birthday at some point this year. Wait, are you famous? RT
slobby, they will work you.
What is a good way to store vinyls?
I'm really good at promptly responding to text messages. Pressing "Send", not so much.
Days off spent feeling guilty for not working don't really count as rest. Nix the guilt. If you've earned it, rest with abandon.
Thanks for following me :')
Congratulations Andrey & Lyumilda Yushchuk. 3 years ago today you purchased your 2nd Franchise Plan. You are a terrific partner!
Daniel bought me Easter Egg cookies c:
Where has this week gone.. Time to catch up on everything I've been procrastinating
will you even look back when you think of me
Happy Halloween!!
LOL I can relate! :)
AJ vs KJ all in, K on turn...such a bad run!
thank you for the RT, you rock!
back in LA
"BEING ELMO: A PUPPETEER'S JOURNEY" -- A terrifically inspiring story.
Great article! RT Nutrition Month 2012: 25 Common Food Myths Busted
Just realized that the voice I do for my dogs is somewhat of a mix between Stephanie Tanner and Elmo.
That`s really nice,thanks!
Bought Cubs tickets today for our minimoon!
This has been a day for reminiscing..
It be the ugliest girls that talk the most Shit about how they fly or there crew so bad my Lord !! Have you looked in the mirror lately? Ha
this is my third time I don't notice I fake bill. Like money Hopefully there nice & dont write me up. But its the third time):
thanks for checking us out. RT our album link and i will DM you a FREE DOWNLOAD code.
“: And now we have Merrill Hoge telling Kurt Warner how to raise his kids. Unreal.” What u get when u pay ppl 2 give opinions.
where at? I just cop a pair from Cerritos
How Businesses Are Using Twitter - The Current State of the Twittersphere
right you are my man
Travel safe!
So why focus on suicides when coronary issues kill way more players? The whole game is bad 4 u. That's why is complex.
Awesome. Thanks!
congratulations! The dissing was easy, but the er tation took 8 yrs in my case
agreed. absolutely disgusting! Friedel does not look happy to be wearing that design at all!
Don't want to go to bed because I know I won't be able to sleep.
Job hunting online
Last night, when I called my cat's name and he didn't come, I realized I was talking to a black backpack.
luckily the class was not about Gmail :)
If this is sugar Shane's last fight I'm glad I'm watching it
That massage was well needed!! 2 blessed to be stressed ;-)
RT : Museum v. damaged by #Irene floods - now the 1st recipient of a grant through ' recovery fund!
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. ~Theodore Roosevelt ~ Teddy had it going on
go mobile or go home! | RT : Wow! implications for health comm? "mobile devices will outnumber humans in 2012"
Closing in on 1000 likes......can I get 19 hands to spread the word of Color Me Valiant!?
Problem: hodgepodge key systems. Creating a presentation on value of standardization, & impact on key control. How many keys do u carry?
keyword strategy - focus on nice and longer-tail keywords with less competition than more costly, high volume keywords.
SWEAR! Her n KK strong I couldn't do it!
I sure hope Brian Long appreciates this.
what about this weekend? Im free any day... I think maybe saturday night? Then mall?
I mean If I'm coming off dumb please feel free to enlighten me lol
I love Retweet that mom:)
It is opposite the Meet the Guests but it sounds more interesting. See you there.
Some people on here are such liars..
it's a dark day indeed
It's not too late to get here. Power's back on and forum is gearing up.
RT : Few municipal candidates are using social media: Twitter, Facebook are ‘a great way to potentially e......
I've really got to stop reading books all in one sitting.
Score, thanks! #NYE #NOLA RT : Of course, we have NOLA's own Dr. John and an open bar!
"The President has introduced programs that reward schools that don’t raise tuition and costs. They won’t work." Why? You don't say.
my co-worker drinks that kind I'm not in love with it. I drink GTs synergy. Good stuff
let's go bikini shopppin' the first day of summer :)
absolutely. I've gotta keep them out of the gutter though
RT thanks #FF have great weekend
welp. bck to work I go
I just buttoned a size 16 jean with room to spare!!!!! Tears!!!
Last day of summer vacation. Thinking about how to make the best use of my remaining 2 semesters of grad school.
I was on the tour today. I had tears as I ran the tunnel...
oh ok then I'll check that but true
drunk tweeting again, eh? :)
so cool. Thx.
The Legislature claims that additional HC cuts are "off the table", but they are still considering a Gross Receipts Tax on nursing homes.
Enjoying your posts, making me feeling like I'm living in Florence again...
Tweeting from the most secure building in SF #launch. Seriously, secret service everywhere while waiting for Israel Pres. to show up.
They where like hey thats brandons sister!!!!!
let me know how that works out for you. you don't live in the district, anyway.
#NCwala Old and young women bearing breasts.....is it possible that old women can wear bras in this rich ceremony?
Preliminary #stayhomereadball results are in! Readers want to be seated with: Raymond Chandler, Zora Neale Hurston and Jack Kerouac!
#smx Avoid FB newsfeed spam for higher engagement rate.
I'm sorry. What did you say? I'm hypnotized!?!?!?!?
This nigha on my fb checked in at a restaurant called "The Frog Hair".....I'm wtf gross
Aww, I love you so much Sarine <3 Thank you. Well I know you did great!
WHERES YOUR FOOD AL?
Well...it's been more fun than a barrel of monkeys!
you did good. I laughed out loud while doing my cardio. ;)
Thanks! Hey Hey Hey....IM #600!
it's incredible. No words can explain how amazing it is. LOVE it.
We can say I'm tired til we blue in the face but just know,God can use you IF you wanna be used.
The akward moment you realize that Hinder looks like Pablo
RT : A 8-year old boy named #RyanKennedy is in the final stage of brain cancer. His simple wish. to "trend" worldwide. RT to ...
What you do matters <U+0097> but not much. What you are matters tremendously
Tonight was amazing. I cant believe how much has happened for us <3 #coastocoast release party = success
but you tweeted...so is it good? #sofreakingconfused lol
oh, no! If only you kept growing the beard, you could have used the unabomber beard excuse...
I feel like today is just one of those days. Just got in a cab at CMH to take me to Dayton where I will get on a plane.
great video, thanks for posting it!
yes there is. I just need to take out the part that says Rocky is named after the park :)
The best love is the kind that awakens the soul. ~ The Notebook
Twitter is getting boring and boringer :( who agrees
Good Morning & Happy Friday San Diego! Time to get news from YOUR favorite hometown news We're less than 5 minutes away!
GM ... Last exam for the semester!
Great! What'd you have to eat? RT : Fabulous pool party for the media scribes The food was tremendous...
I will be doing the same! good luck. I hate scholarships i always feel like its a waste of time because I never get them
Ha Come On ,Where Do You Live Lol ??
#Dodgers tie it in the 9th!! I'll take the wild pitches, didn't think LA had a shot down by 2 w/ Ellis, Loney, and Uribe coming up.
CANCEl CANCEL CANCEL *le message sent* FFFFFUUUUU
I can already feel the bs coming on.
then why aren't you doing your work hm? haha
The latest with the #North #Korean #rocket launch, coming up on the !
And in International news, Canada re-elects George W. Bush, sorry, I mean Stephen Harper.
It was on this day in 1885 that Mark Twain published Huckleberry Finn (I'm filling in for today)
And by "best mistake," I mean my own mistake. Don't know where I'd be if I hadn't fallen into CART at UIW!
right-I'd heard about that-but this is the first time I've seen it first hand. I wonder if iPad 3/IPhone 5 add "LTE" indicator.
We are Albuquerque's premier direct mail advertising & bulk mail service provider. Call today and put us to work for you. 505-899-3104
What if #DéjàVu means you actually died, and are now returning to your last checkpoint?
Probably blowing up 's phone. Oh well, she loves me anyway.
I seriously think the wildcat is done in Miami with the new addition of Marshall
WHAT. DO. YOU. MEAN. WHO'S. THE FIRST?
Thanks for using Hark!
2011 - Did as much as possible during spring break, 2012 - Did as little as possible during spring break.
#InstantTurnOn when they pull strands of hair from your face
Nah, not even close to the same. BMW was a goofy sitcom. There's a Halloween ep, though, thats a total precursor to "Community."
i remember when we were out side my house and you wanted to slow dance with me and i was scared to cause people where out side .
WORK AT HOME TIP: Gather up your off-line work and take the kids to the park. Let them run while you get some work done.
I feel like a total loser when no one texts me. D':
RT : Mighty fine, unless you're VMware today.
wow. That is hilarious.
math and science hahaha lol :P my life sucks right now , what are you doing? (:
It is. I think baby faces are fucking adorable as hell :p
If you want some fantastic cobbler go check out Karims Cobbler shop and deli. Located downtown. Trust me you won't be disappointed!
Why is reheated coffee never as good as fresh? Chemists? Any answers for me?
I turned my phone onto "Airplane mode" and threw it up into the air. Worst transformer ever.
Um OK whatever u say
Brunette: "Look a dead bird!" Blonde: *Looks up* Where!?"
great!! How about yourself?
Watched the pilot for American Horror Story last night. Oops. Can't unsee it & want to watch 2nd ep despite being against better judgement.
hey guys do any of u wanna do a live chat with me?
Iced out ring real big like a charger. Yeah she tight, but im swaggin harder.
It is over by the Lifetime Fitness area, yum!
no matter how matched, but mis-matched your socks are, you still have the best most spiffy suits on tv bro!
Love your name!
Remember: "Perception becomes Reality!"
Is there any ipad stylus' out there that don't feel like you are drawing or writing with a large rubber crayon?
I feel like a damn hippy when I listen to phish. Oh wells
...and my top 10 all-time list contains about 25 movies.
I need to compete in a beard contest and a parallel parking contest.
coming home from Afghanistan after a year! Yes!
I really hate getting boring ass phone calls. If u call me, u obviously have something to say.
when are you going?
thanks for the tickets to !!
Good morning! Ready to start your week? I'm focused on getting a lot done today including some shopping for maxi dresses at Forever 21. You?
"Show me the money" ...60% of younger boomers now plan to postpone retirement and work beyond age 65. Up from 49% last year. Source: MetLife
CONTEST :: What Army unit were the guys from that helped us design the MUT?
ah! Happy birthday!!!!!
not much just living the dream
Same to you! :)
You're a #cunt ass hoe. get some morals. grow some maturity, then lets talk
you're too kind thank you
Literally walked into a pole this morning. Yeah, we're off to a great start.
LoL RT : I really think is using crack in her cup cakes. If u haven't had them shame on u #theybecallinme *pookie voice*
THE 2 SASSY'S ARE AWESOME!!!!! SASSY CADDY & SASSY GOLF! Cutest girls in Denver!! And they golf!!
Non stop jello shots and keg stands makes me realize I am no longer in college.
Rumors. Well at least you're spreading something else besides your legs.
We are following the same number that are following us. So are the same people we're following just following us? So meta.
finally on twitter!
Friday Humor: "He who believes that the past cannot be changed has not yet written his memoirs." ~Torvald Gahlin
I decide which beer to drink on a case by case basis
your on my plasma screen in HQ and your eyes are just so freaking perfect this is unbelievable. its killing me .x
all my check ins originate in path n get shared out to other social networks.
I hate you, sweet-potato french fries.
#NowPlaying Not Just You by <U+2665>
what's good ?
anything for a retweet but only Scott brown parody retweeted no players.
I appreciate all types of music. From pop to rock, classical to screamo, dubstep to country. I love it all :)
Ready to tear this Radio Days up tonight!!
Find out what makes you happy. The rest will fall into place.
My husband loves Niki cuts it herself. He says its worth the money & I have to agree.
My time at the Passport Agency downtown went by fast and I managed to bring all my documents with me. Whew!
I feell sorry for u u gotta listen to that mrs. Van der Hyde
#BandsILove recently...Rise Against
Cocks vs Aggies at #CWS today. May the best team win... Go Cocks!!!
Happy Turkey Eve to all! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>
Life is a mystery to be lived, not a problem to be solved
RT : Bitches be tryna play the good girl when we know damn well THEY A FREAK
“: Who's the King of New York? Eli's the King of New York.” /and Indianapolis.
A cover letter too?
what happenend Bro?
Listening to The Head and the Heart is good for you.
why aren't you with me and amy @ chupacabra?
Quote of the morning from : "There's a CROSS between my mess up and my victory!" // WOW! That will change your life!
I'm starting to lose faith in music artists...
XL online they were available or armrest listed. But I know thy can be wrong at times.
Wonderful am hour w/ &trusted friend #JimLaffoon of #everynationministries. We need each other. The Lord is good!
Yes! Very possible. Do you have something coming up like that!?
monsters inc
Watch out everyone! I'm playing with isomalt today for this weekends sweet 16 cake!
Dang it RT : Not doing Rock The Bellz...thats a typo fam and friends...
check my last tweet son! its really #official *sigh*
I wanna be your easiest hello & your hardest goodbye..
Go all in!! Be so committed to Gods plan that people mistake His plan for your good idea!
Happy Valentines Day to everyone!!! We will have our Karaoke night tonight. Starts at 7pm hosts by JahFool & DJ Dirty Redds!!!
All I ever needed to learn about lyric writing, I learned from listening to "Last Day of Magic," by The Kills.
gym watching Marcus Liberty, Terry Cummings, and Latreal Sprewell put Chicago players through a tryout for the KBA prodigy game.
Grateful for my phone, but I need a bigger one!
You guys were at the zoo today??
#FF Because they have creative ways to help you save for college!
The probability of successfully opening a 5-year old 3-D CAD model is VERY low. Save your original files in a STD format.
good luck tomorrow! I'm going to try to make it!
Just close your eyes...
Damn it! Forgot about Daylight Savings and been working all night! Ug! Gotta be up soon and work still not done.
SORRY FOR SPEAKING
congrats and good luck with !
Thank you for joining us, ! Which flavor did you enjoy?
I really can't tale Fox News' Megan Kelly this early in the morning
RT : A Texas billionaire has donated $18+ mil to conservative super PACs to oust Obama, aims to double that by Nov....
I'm at a gymnastics place and it smells like feet in here!
Movies tomorrow with and :)
Weird is the new normal.
all the way.
Painful - just painful
Gutted after the drama... but happy for Hughes that they stay up. When all is said and done QPR were amazing.
wow where did u come from get outta here
Thanks! I mentioned that to Nina.
Hope you can too, Greg
Hello Sasha do you have a lay out
: A1: Best ways: Adjust resume accordingly, use social media to network with recruiters and Hiring Managers, work w/colleges
All has begun! www.sofiafellini.com
YUP! RT : Hey, , are the kids still eating free on Sundays?
Let me know if you're coming to tonight for Would love to meet ya!
RT : #mothersdayrally starts tonight - 24 hrs of posts by #ppd survivors on Come, read and feel less alone
Still haven't found it? Sorry girl. RT : I need everyone I know to come help me find my camera! Ugh. I'm so upset
McHale on #Conan tonight, if you need to catch the rerun.
ah nigga chillen wishing i could watch you in da playoffs!
" Were you allowed to grind stars while at PCA?" Ya but only because I relocated to Mexico in December and got reverified.
I tricked you to fall in love, little boy; I played with you, till I was done, like a toy!
My God is faithful and I am so thankful He loves me and is willing to forgive me.
thanks for being there!
Great article on Corso F Bomb. But Franklin gets axe for off color comment to woman in production meeting? Two systems...
ypu working tonight?
Going to sleep now because I think Raul is getting mad because he wants to sleep. Bitch.
Seeing that the two of us our here and only one of you is there it would suggest that you're in the wrong country :) Have fun!
So, if you piss Matt Weiner off you get fired or a fat suit? Good to know.
someone who can push me around on a gurney, post-whatchamacallits?
LA traffic can be the worst.I guess Eddie Rabbitt guy who sings I Love a Rainy Night never drove in a LA rain storm:)
Grizzlies about to become first team in nba history to win 5 of 7 games and not advance.
I want you to die. And then I shall throw a party.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. ~William James
Who's excited for it's only a little over a month away :)
Do you work with American artists at all?
it is, we borrowed it in 1998 and never returned it hahaha.
hopefully at the end of summer!
How many more injuries before its neccesary to think about Sanders going on IR? Guys are bound to get nicked up next Monday too
#Groundhog Day- yep, my sleep movie for tonite. *z
Taurus power!
Medicaid and supplemental security income (SSI). Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (food stamps). Low-income housing.
Geekini Geekend! Coming to CafeHAPA in SanDiego this wkend - Pretty gals in Bikinis & Geeky attire. We may test your nerd skillz!
watch out for crazy girls dressing like they are at the club
Getting ready to go on air for Playboy Radio with
I MISS YOU!!!
he got those insecurities.
That's cool figured I'd give you a free idea for future changes. Still super handy.
HELL YEAH!!!
I should be studying but all I can think of us how bad I want to go to Disney world ):
Being Bevs LT was the knock but I don't think that matters much. Pats got issues too, namely the R education plan.
hahahaha - Hi Vince! The people want you, I sure hope your first tweet doesn't disappoint.
You're the biggest inspiration to me, You inspire me to follow my dreams in acting, So thank you. Follow your heart right?<3
That ruins everything.
I feel so important cuz is following me.
What an experience. wowRT : Happiness is having Larry Stone as your sommelier for the evening
has officially deleted her Twitter page...the fans went crazy on her for bullying Kesha. They ran her off Twitter.
i love the color of my eyes. honestly, its the only thing i like about myself.
Sieze every opportunity..you never know which one is going to get you to the next level.
great to hear from you! Will you going to #sxswi this year?
Is factoring a type of loan? No. Commonly called " factoring loans", it is a financial practice with a B2B transaction, No Bank involement
All partied out. Two events in one night and the joy of working on a sunday morning.
No Juliet Simms :(.
Wow! that sounds amazing! How the Ol'Cherry Tree Blues?
thank u SO much for the follow! :^DD <333
Glad to see the man behind the curtain.
definitely - come find me some time the next couple days
Good job on the video! I really like the lyrical flow, keep it up!
Some stuff is left better unsaid!
ahaha this is exactly one of those times !(x
#Random: is NOSY...all up in grown people's business. That is all. LOL
Thanks for RTing the blog post and ! Happy Friday :)
Before i die , i want to meet and <U+2665>
My hair is shity.
Church always reminds my soul there's something bigger.
We're keeping it simple and using #MilAutoShow :)
Christina's and Chelsea's apartment as the location for the birthday bash.
We were all going to play Rock Band tonight, but we ended up watching a slew of 80's music videos instead.
Reading book of mormon on train. I like 1840 version best. No verse markings
Might transfer to Information Technology... Alot to think about!
Nothing but rain, cold & wind. Good excuse to watch ball games all day :)
Barnes: "[O]ur perceptions of...disability are coloured by a deep-rooted psychological fear of the unknown, the anomalous and the abnormal."
she already messed up 's order!!!
We Hear: Volkswagen Future Plans Could Include Edgier Audi TT, Axing Eos - MotorTrend Magazine (blog)
Night Farmers, With our last weekend open at the Farm..we're having our final special; strain of the day George Clinton lowest donation
I love demi :)
Still looking for interested players and coaches. Email Head Coach Mike Meeker at with your interest.
I want the WHOLE #LAKERSNATION to RT and follow me ONLY if you #TEAMlakers fuck all other teams. ill followback asap.
I've never seen anything like this. Guy has so much mental toughness!
Bitch please!!!!
Don't forget we're hosting a #Pandora event between the 16th & 22nd April! Claim your free silver Pandora bracelet when you spend over £125.
Hoping for #bacon filled dinner...
co-sign RT skreechfilms4u: Photo shoots Press Music Videos Commercials Skits Creative Visuals etc Skutrjpa
Like, sorry that you had to read that
why am I just seeing your tweet its like years behind in tweet time
Purveyors of truth. Duckslayers.
I hope they stop 'em
Karma has been on my side these last two days
call me asap plz
Hit another huge thesis jackpot today! As much as I want to graduate, I will be sorry to see this end...
Getting theatre tickets for broadcast of Benedict Cumberbatch in Frankenstein! I can hardly wait!
but wonderful to see the expansion and growth!!! evolution is the name of the game...always be open to evolve!!!
Why won't anyone believe me that im being bullied on #xfactor ???
And solitude, surrender not; willfully humbled by the task To climb out of the black hole into the burning sun...
Soo confused on the Lakers right now?????
funny thing about that is I do have worms in my house for
Holy #whoa Monday - how's yours. I'm a bit worried - no communication and it's almost 3 p.m. your time
but what if you legitimately have money, but don't like walking around like a walking lick.
Glad someone loves me.. Thanks..
hahahhah :D rarely steal the cars, because our cars are horrible XDXD LOL
- Is there a corresponding article? Im interested.
I love Auto Show time, today journalists from Japan, Russia, Brazil, and CNBC. Plus staff from Federal EPA visiting. this is fun!
I didn't see your prior tweet. Jim always did his msnbc shows from Austin stations/ wasn't thinking.
Or groping one of the shirtless guys outside playing volleyball?? Lol.
Try saying buckhunter really quickly ten times in a row.
(I understand that other things can be described as "Orwell's Law," but that certainly is the best of any of them.)
come to Atlanta then :) lol
March madness is starting and the nba is in full swing. Best part is chris berman is nowhere in sight.
#CV2012 Endorsed by majority on council?? That's exactly her problem. All inside baseball game.
Congrats!!! Although I don't know you personally i'm still proud of you!!!
Thanks for the mention. I'm excited for u. Having published , I can see a real need 4 ur
In audience at showcase of amateur singer/songwriters. Need mute button.
lmao #WESTSIDE T>T> we having a team metting tonight at 7pm feel free to slide through
I'm convinced HDTV was invented to show Augusta National in its full glory.
Happy 25 birthday to the sexiest man on the planet !! Stay sexy forever !! :))
Because the Creator said "WAKE UP, and U obeyed!
Isabel, can you tell me what didn't go well for you? Hate that you didn't love it.
poetry readings in #thebeat #dtlv Kleven contemporary is open for viewing!
ight I ask
Your presentation about our program rocked! So glad to be a part of this learning community.
RT My NEXT GF GONNA GET THE BEST OF ME, I PROMISE IMMA TREAT HER LIKE A QUEEN & GIVE HER MY WORLD .... aww thats cute
What a great day to get things done and not feel like you are missing the great outdoors! Even my dog Belle is chilling out by the couch!
No offense, but if you liked that National Anthem, you don't like America.
juan don't be sad you deserve to be happy so take the stress off your shoulders and member you got amazing friends :D
after walking by parade last week thought it should be called 'white people are ethnic too, really' day.
come by and say GO DUCKS. usually sit right behind the plate. See ya there
Steps 3, 4 and 5 for setting up your new international e-magazine: create your Twitter, FB and Pinterest accts (still not sure of Google+)
was great seeing you for a second last night! #Hugs&Smooches
n Lauren London a couple?
Thanks for the recent RTs! ó Have a great Tuesday!
Saddened to learn of the passing of the legendary Dick Clark. New Years Eve won't be the same without ya.
Exhausted and hungry. #ApTest today. APUSH
Aw, thanks, Jeff! Enjoy your own vacation in paradise :) Hugs to R and V, too!
Taking an exam to work p/t for the census bureau today... Quite the process! Can't wait to get out in the sun...
The little kid in the background looks stunned. Nice jump.
you tricked us but it was still amazing
“: "Tis better to have loved and lost, Than never to have loved at all." Alfred Tennyson (In Memoriam)<U+263A>” to Arthur Henry HALLAM :D
Words of wisdom. “: If I could just get you outta my head for a day, I would be okay.”
A sad day in the music world w the passing of a amazing talent Whitney Houston
Starting out ---so look out twitter, I am on the rise!!!
140 character yoga should be a thing.
so many pretty clothes here.
yea-_- I'm scared of the tests we have to take for hs:/
Holiday Parade at 9:30am on Sat. Nov. 21st. Non-perishable food items will be collected along the route to benefit Hunger Task Force.
#dh2010 Have struggled w tagging place names in TEI-encoded text, both automated and vendor-tagged had problems. Good to know!
#Twitter, please do something about these spanners.
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." ~Thoreau RT via
Sittin at work, cant wait til' thursday to get skills out of the way, and then taking registry a week from today! SO CLOSE TO MEDIC LUCKY!!!
He who has knowledge spares his words, and a man of understanding is of a calm spirit. Proverbs 17:27
who the fuck is stomping in the apartment upstairs!!
We have a few shirts left from 2010. I can check if we have your size? ": do you guys have shirts?"
NYCIAA alum: ran into classmate at fav coffeeshop. His band playing 2nite w other iaa alum! Come with me!
hay do u has a skype
Maya Angelou~ Childrens talent to endure stems from their ignorance of alternatives.
Michael Jackson Skate Night, Moonlight Rollerway, 8PM. Be there.
When cody was singin Angel, i was filming &than my ipod died.. and it didnt save what it already filmed :( darnit
It was awesome. Thank you!
I see how it is
no problem buddy :)
Ikea to sell low-cost LED bulbs from Lemnis
"In agony you will strive for Truth, till your false claims return to their 'native nothingness^':
Omg i dirint know Ellen was a lesbian !!!
thinks I have a problem RT : what??? lol
Talk is cheap.
then I'm lost as fuck right now.lol
Mon & Tue are made infinitely better because of all day and all night happy hour.
that was 2010...TWO years ago?? crazy
#TardyfortheWedding comes on tonight at 9PM. Don't be tardy!
filling side yard/driveway with junk while scrapping metal. It's been ongoing...
I TOLD YOU SO!
thx for waiting :)
Thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music, and for the good work that you do !
long story. I will tell u at lunch mayb.
17 Days until Dogfish Head!
Ah, yeah, ur right, they suck. I'll never forget the in-text citations in my papers! They stuck out like sore thumbs
Annoyed that people r against the #sodatax here. Does #Philly love diabetes that much?
can you email me
Thanks for the RT! xo :)
I hate when you go out of your way to text someone and all you get is a one word reply
+1 ": I feel like the universe just knows when I need a moment of clarity...or two or three. Thanks, universe. #ineededthat"
Well, next year I'll be able to celebrate cinco de mayo
walk to my house
I want to work for Olivia Pope and speak that quickly all the time!!
Why are ghetto people loud?
good they should! I used to rock those too and they are sick!
Interesting .. no articles included!
i like your thinking!
Packet-based network switching brought in questions of the "public" spatio-temporality of communications: where will we store transmissions?
hi ;* and okey witch you ?
BTW - The Internet is no longer free!
TONIGHT 6-8! We're hosting My Block: A Youth Photography Exhibition by students. Check out their work, it's amazing!
Well you two dot spend too much on me lol
lol...just talking about you. I just asked my mom about you and the wedding. How is everything
Tonight I found out that is freakin' awesome at ping pong.
Shut the fuck up you dumb bitch!
they dance studio is my best friend.!
Baby you da - you da best. Da best I Eva had.
Nothing beats Google Docs in collaboration. But it seems to be in perennial beta mode... e.g., Asian input, updates that fix/break
had a great night =) Have alot on the agenda for today!!!!
Yacht shopping is exhausting!
So now all of a sudden niggaz wanna start talkin positive and shit...
Here we go..
Maybe your society ": We watch/judge celebrities because they are in many ways just mirrors of our society."
Making dirty rice for dinner!
wow! Once every 5 years!?!
In Family Medicine we do everything, no excuses.
This is extremely unfortunate. Who is going to be your co-host?
Pop Tate's Nickname used to be Curly, because he had brown, curly hair then!
I swear there are aspects of my job that make me want to go to law school just so I have the authority to tell people they are f'ing wrong!
woohoo! i got a job!
“If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work
you're still going out with him ?! ;o
He wont make me cookies <<<
I'm leading a pick-up parade from SE34th & Belmont for Walk to Work Day leaving at 7:30 today with
#Affirmation: The past is over. I live life in the present moment.
base package should be 2 te anyway... Eliminate Fb all together... QB is a running threat too. Think about it.
In his article, Bonhoeffer alumnus Chris White argues that the Roman Catholic Church is experiencing a resurgence. What do you think?
followed you ma dude
The best curve on any woman is her smile!
when we ask questions, chances are we already know what really happened, we just test if guys will tell us the truth
#georgezimmerman charged with second degree murder in #trayvonmartin case. In custody. Turned himself in.
Im listening to WCBS 880 for Yankees baseball and they have the YES telecast on. They keep going back and forth. Keep it on YES until you
This bus is too damn cold.
Full schedule for is now published. If you haven't picked up your tickets for workshops or conference do it soon! Selling FAST
You mean Hitler's not your hero?
Man looks at the outside. God looks at the heart. He uses the insecure, unlikely and broken to make a difference.
Burgers for dinner tonight
and I wasn't prepared smh
I'm over all this bipolar weather
Workn hard at this music
I'm envisioning some kind of weird Santa Clause hijinx where you two must take up the mantles of Jane and Michael Stern. Be well!
cause i caught that sub fool lol
Went a couple of years ago - beautiful. MT : I haven't been able to see it in person yet ()
Good morning everyone :-) I hope u have a great day
Gonna K.O. soon. Too tired from last night man.
Dear Lord, please show my passport mercy & grace. She is lost & needs to be found. Also, my family the vision & wisdom to seek and find her.
ok 1. why is my dad a regular american idol watcher and 2. why does he agree with Randy on everything?
#iwannabe with him..
Perfect birthday dinner... St. Jack. These guys are amazing best chicken liver mousse ever!
I don't think so. Where did you hear such rumour? Is it because of the screening of Sushi Girl? I'm in USA.
this is happening right now.
can only imagine what it's going to be like tonight in Brooklyn....So sad
I hope you know that this has nothing to do with you.
Happy Valentines Day! If you could send a valentine to any ride, which would you send it to?
Do u think maybe its time chinese replaces spanish in our primary and secondary education system?
Lebron is a Beast!
Success is the Best Revenge
Already tried that :/. several times actually.
If I were president, booty shorts for everyone!!!!!!
It's impossible to say "m…" for more than 7 seconds while pinching your nose. RT if you tried lol
i almost got caught yesterday! :o
Hook a girl up, would ya? RT I'm just going to come out and say it: I want to be on the Colbert Report....
keep dreamin then lol RT “: My dream is to play with the new york yankee. <U+2665><U+2665>”
Green: relig identity is complicated; encounters w difference inevitable; relig voices contribute uniquely to democracy
CNN Wonder how a ban on drug ads would impact cost of health care? US is only place that allows such ads. Just sayin'...
Bring on Philly!!!! We Ready!!!!
RT : Take Any WALE Ticket to ISLAND FRYDAY's Jamaican Resturaunt & Receive a Discount on Any Meal Purchase.
"The journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step." Lao Tzu
Cool tweets.
yet a team will take p Jones over numerous prospects who may actually give a damn.
Oden's Dr. is Richard Steadman.
Having an MRI is a very strange way to end a day.
Oh "A Christmas Story." I love you so. Especially commercial free.
take my heart . i know its not much , but its all i have .
haha, gotcha. and yes, i too would like to know what artists fit in this category once you've created a list. :)
shorts my man. and plenty nikes
wait rnt u the ome in my testing room?:O
sorry man its the rules lol! :)
Abe Schmidt HandsIn Apparel
You mad bro?Yes,yes I'm mad that's obviously why you could tell!
FILL IN THE BLANK: My favorite holiday family tradition is __________
Online Shopping...<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Weekdays, when the jobs are freshly posted - I assume ppl posting jobs aren't working weekends
interesting. as long as you enjoy it, that's what matters, right?
Use or #outinchi to announce events to the Chicago LGBT community.
Oh and as one of my Birthday presents I found out I was 7 weeks pregnant... oh yea
morning alex (: hope you have a good dayy (; <3
Bielema was impressed with Gordon, Stave and defense despite a few busts
hey its mary aka iamsporty657. please follow me back robyn. =)
Where should we go tonight?
Give the opportunity to reflect on technology design. Provides opportunity to mature and process differences.
welcome! Hope to see you all around!
tweet motherfucker tweet!
teaching boot camp in the am .. #fun #astoria park
Will it matter, coming out long after the election? A new shell 'organization' is easy to create.
Thanks! Right Billy?
It's OK to be bothered by aspects of the hacked e-mails, yet unshaken on the veracity of extensive evidence of global warming. No problem.
what's going on ???
Send me one, Wendy! Not sure if we'll be able to this year, but would like to consider it. :) I'll DM email address.
Grilled 6oz. flat iron, rosemary potatoes, bacon braised cabbage, and a mushroom ragout. That's whats up for Tuesday night!
Praying that makes it back home safe!!! Love ya chic!! B careful!!
Had an apocalyptic dream about something strange happening with the Moon....
today felt like a werid day.. idek why .
Loving that is on #thevoice! He's the real deal...
how do we become a Suggested Page on Jumo? Our supporters are having issues finding us on Jumo.
Is that an endorsement?
what did you do with Kevin ???! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>
Disappointed with #NC #Amendment1 vote today. Since when did limited, less govt start to mean more restrictive, discriminatory govt?
is beautiful
yes we do! Miss you too!
ya !! Some body drew on my Josh Hutcherson poster to
Affirmative. North concourse concession stands will be open. RT : Alcohol being served at the #AAC?
If you don't like me tell it to my damn face bitch
Great mtg you Brian. I look fwd to staying in touch and reading your thoughts on #eportfolios and their impact on SM in
lol. It took forever to convince the owner of our company to do an alternate horizontal version of logo for the website.
messed up here tonight is sold out! woo hoo!
Most Latinos will vote for him bc what other choice do we have?
When im in a bad mood, Tannin makes me feel better.
Yahoo our lil burtercup came home late last night :-)
Paint. Is. Done. Time to start moving in.
I would love it if rain came with a spot free rinse and an underbody wash
Lady Gaga.. What else can i say...
bet u look hansome right now
FOLLOW FOR ME ==> PLEASE GO ! I am very please follow is my new account please everyone :) ! !
Congrats, sounds like a great time
It is cant wait to get some Whitney Glam! See you this afternoon
true, true. i practically live there anyway! :) Jenny's coming again Friday, there's lots of art stuff if you want to go!
Is your acct still open? We got ours closed so have tried to register new accts. Still pending..... BC might not let us?
tonight we rock with and Jabroni music starts at 10pm $5
I love you (:
actually had a pretty good birthday. did some homework. husband and kid passed out at 7. the highlight of my day was a monster energy drink.
one time I thought I was pregnant, turns out it was just a really bad yeast infection
sure is. can't i just put "i'm awesome." and leave it at that??
RT "Better to keep your mouth shut and appear stupid than to open it and remove all doubt." - Mark Twain
Dr Keely- Is the patient experience (pain, communication, friendliness) in a hospital an equal priority to having the best docs?
Hate those days when I oversleep
The Jungle Cruise!
Joy to the world.
Chris paul is a fucking warrior I want them to win.
RT : Q: Call to action overlay is there a fee? A: It's free on your home videos, but you need to sign up with CC 4 Adwords 4...
Started Tempo Run with at 6:08 AM, on a new route, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
U must have paid someone off when it came to naming W. That letter is clearly Double-V. That or they just got lazy towards the end.
May Day Protesting....
Follow her tho!! :)
Welcome our newest cougar! RT Really excited to be going to #USF next fall!
Vatican bans confession by iPhone
"Lets face it, Google is a player/coach" -Terry Kawaja at
what's your summer plans?! Got anything fun planned?
wait who's moogirl
Booty me down (Y)
Dec. 27th. Xmas is over. NY's Day is 5 days away. I find this week to be a letdown usually. What do U do during this week between holidays?
When you don't know what God is saying, go back to what God has said.
Thanks for the #ff. :) You're neat too.
kool bro will do
#glee was so good tonight!!! I am glad I had time to watch it finally
Your knowledge of #economics is as bad as your knowledge of the
Really enjoying the SharePoint Conference in Anaheim. We're giving away an Xbox 360 Kinect at booth 623.
Facility with numbers and accounting is very helpful for public history jobs according to the experts here.
yeah girl, i totally brought sunglasses but then decided not to wear them....i regretted that decision 3 minutes later
and look amazing doing it......
. congrats! 12.2k here. hit 10k during last night's #swn11 sprint. #nanonfuel: intermittent podcast and donut breaks
I always wanted to carry one of those little running away things... The long stick with the little red thing on the end xD
tell ur mama I said hey :)
for some reason i miss her........ im losing it
Three primary rules of Kanban: Visualize your workflow. Limit work in progress. Use a pull system (rather than push) to get tasks into prod…
Fun #volunteer opp, #Austin ! Help @ our water stop, 2/19Sign up by tom to get a tee shirt!
Happy Jersey Shore Premiere Day!
doing great! Recording should be done this weekend
#TheGrammys are tomorrow!!! Who's going?
I think this arguing-about-whether-there-is-a-tech-bubble bubble is about to burst.
I'd rather lose a game that isn't worth a ACC Title than lose the ACC Title game haha
Visit the Gold Lot at for a demonstration with Kraft Tools.
Only five hours till the kill Supperclub tonight in LA! Its on!!!
I'm glad you're proud of your roots! But you gotta rep Pacers in your bio to get 2 tix for Tuesday. I have 2 left.
Sweet. I'm in Clay City. 20 miles from Terre Haute. Probably bout 3 hrs from there.
Watch out... might give ur phone "water damage" haha
...universal,disney world,bush garden and etc..theres not alot of other kewl things about i know its to hot
Don't know about you, but I'm ready for the retina-scan era to be upon us.
I'm watching the winx club.
I NEVER SAW THE FIRST QUARTER.
Happy Day After Christmas! 2012 is just around the corner, any plans?
we ended up with pumpkin bread. pretty good stuff, especially slathered in butter.
call it an uprising.
Since 1997, the only Kosher McDonald's in the world that is not in Israel, is located in the "Abasto de Buenos Aires", Argentina
It's certainly good to think with for public historians--we're into storytelling and public memory.
They're back! With a new name: ... so it wasn't real after all...
That moment when you realise you have no more tears for him.
Tuned into . Can't get enough of this station! #Props!
I'm sitting in this wardrobe thinking to myself: where in the hell is fucking Narnia at
How is the book coming? Perhaps something would enjoy reading as well.
Thanks! About time I get it posted, eh? Fun on Zoo Friday!
Love this box, but must rank it behind 1-Complete Village Vanguard and 2- Complete Galaxy Recordings, which are my fav Art Pepper box sets.
thanks so much!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Going to Avon Florist with Jareds mamma :)
": No matter how worthless i feel, your touch is what brings me back to life #lovineveryminute"
Making shit all unnecessarily difficult
what? So, you can't just live in your apt? Talk at a normal vol(17 TRAINS RUMBLE PAST!!!!!!!!)ume?
just pulled up to mom and dads.
wow, I'm an idiot, spelled it wrong!
I can see it in her eyes how much its hurting her
RT : we need to schedule playtime!! -- Let's do it!!
When talks in his Asian voice.xD >>>
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!! The new year can only bring you new and better things! Get stoked because it's just begun! <3
okay let's go.
Heyy Madison can you follow back.!?(: #followback #TeamNikolette ;D
nope it works:D I think... How many does it say I have?
When you drive, your heart rate increases. So does your urge to piss.
My imagination is my worst enemy
What's up my fellow republican. Lol
Joseph a bank has suits
Just Posted pictures of our new saturday nights. . .at the VICTOR HOTEL
Kentucky derby then strip clubs
And here I am, staring at picutes of sorry, but I'm creepin' on ya. xx
Keepin it REAL... That's what I do!!!!
So. Tired. No school tomorrow though<3
tacos and torah is cancelled today #snowsad but... get ready for bagel club and basterds and brownies!
I have Christmas money left over .. i needa go SHOPPING :)
The odd moment you realize your shoulder hurts because of the shotgun you were using the day before.
RT : Marketing Excellence Awards: Gold Award in Social Media goes to Hitachi Data Systems
i found a firefly in my house and i grabbed some tissues and i felt it crunch beneath my fingers and now i want to cut my arm off
#LinkedIn sends me an email offering $5 to complete a short survey, then writes back to say Siiiiikkkeee
greaat bucks game, we have some talent this season
It would have been super dope to have seen that hologram of Tupac preform at
Wants Minnesota to win tonigt so the Blues can finally clinch that damn playoff spot
I don't want this to come off wrong but it seems like there is a double standard here. I dont get it.
That timing thing is stupid in the NHL. It should be the same as basketball or football. Once it leaves your hands/stick...it's fair game.
well in 2003 some of us would have been 13.
Praying that my cold goes away before Saturday...running+coughing=hot mess.
hey havent talked to you in a while haha how've u been? :p
the houses around here are pretty
Making bacon..Wbuu?
"Well done is better than well said." -Ben Franklin
NEW! Limited-Edition* Mary Kay® Liquid Eyeliner Long-wearing, all-day color. Rich purple shade. Dries in seconds
Mary!!! Happy birthday doll! Love youu!
Moises hope the kid is doing well. Joel is going to be a daddy soon also :)
I havent been on Twitter for a while.. someone fill mhe in woth sometjing:-). Plz
Ahh when do little kids ever be quiet?!
we tried that on them, it didn't work :-/ good sound but not nearly as good a show. How could it have been, w/out a ceiling fan?
Philly airport has at least 3 wine bars.
Driving home
Gay Talese says he could never write piece about Sinatra now b/c no one pays for that kind of reporting time. Essays cheaper
Why Do Big Superstars Like to Boogie?
Cute conjoined twin animals seem to be really big on etsy right now
Bad artists always admire each other's work.
your town is looking pretty bad right now. Go clean it.
chillin fa right now wats da move fa today .... goin to the movies later on
The best love is the one that makes you a better person, without changing you into someone else other than yourself.
I love how when I teach & minister to others how God in turns ministers to me!
hey remember me?? :)
Two days down shooting a Swordplay for Shakespeare video series. Played Banquo and Cornwall so far. Benvolio is next on the list.
oh but what if a teacher called her class the worst class in the world?? Idk what that would be!/:)
wow since when do i have to met standards?
I'm tempted to hang out at Lowes all day in hopes of running into a Yard Crasher!
well lunch soon boo?
I'm coming home Fri night...
Do you mind doing me a little favor? (Wierd hearing that from an actor right) well im just a regular person inside.
I've always wanted my life to be like a movie scene.
Now I have to find a way to write my 7 pager, 3 pager, powerpoint & speech for tmrw without being able to get to my room. I am fucked -_-
Hey rain, thanks for holding off until I was finished with my run this morning.
Oh look. Cheese.
Ain't nobody outside
Fantastic news! Can't wait to find out what you've all come up with! RT Video comin
Whoa! You mean Pauly Shore isn't dead?
no it's not lol!
Without the visual of Shrek I unfortunately have associated with it, 'I'm a Believer' is a really good song.
Just purchased you book Bob. Looking forward to getting into it. Sent you my ad Tweet.
Ok gonna try and sleep again. Peace and Godbless. )
Hoot suiting...lets see how u like this...
Arron - 180k x2 Back Squat ... the race between he and Adam is ON for the 180 x 3!
Mayweather has triple H Justin Beiber and of course 50 cent.
Luv-U-Back
Mind over matter.
Religions come about? It was man.
Now this old lady invests in helping people solve pressing real estate problems
Reprogram the hipster's synthesizer to only play fart noises
Can you guys please spin 's new single "I'm Not A Gangsta". This band is going to be huge! Sick beats!
Good, productive Friday. Taking advantage of my Venus & my Jupiter. Every little bit helps.
I wish I was there with you....
he b calling me Mo'wet .
Welcome, Austin! PRT Zipcar is now in Austin, Texas! The Live Music Capitol will be zippin’ before you know it.
Fun day at #bmorehistoric talking about Interesting things to think about, lots of different perspectives on digitization
I tried fighting it, but wow. Go
: Right. And chasing food trucks.
Haha! RT “: you have become quite the twitter queen. how am i supposed to study when you give me so much to monitor?”
that's what I'm told :) 3rd day of workout “: ah sore from working out is always good!”
Where are you finding the best deals today?
2/3 of total smart phone loss happens between 9p-2a - I think alcohol may have something to do with it. here's the low down on smart...
tell my future mother in law that i said happy Mothers day <3
I appreciate each and everyone of your #FF mentions, Thanks to this twitter superstars 1228
I'm done eating for the rest of the day
New followers, we love you!
I went to Ferris a few times to (ahem) check out the campus, and by campus, I mean drink. Can't wait to be on air tomorrow!
Linked In connections - I rolled out some changes to my profile this morning. Let me know your thoughts. Thank you in advance!
that's what I say!!! We just need to let them both know how bad we want it!!
Yikes, almost just published the band name Trampled by Voices.
I always forget to plug my computer in when it warms me, but when it dies shit goes down.
You need a good public relations manager, you should fire what people are working for you, is a Party all you care about?
Any new at bat song this year? I noticed you still have Show Goes On.
Well that's just my opinion
lol you're on twitter. (:
Rhompin around a pinne and shorts
She can make 'em but my dog won't be wearing it
“: I miss my 50 shades” that's why I just continued to keep reading it lmao
So where u from
but do dogs love gracie?
The 1950's. (Minus the segregation) I Love Malt Shop Music! <3
I forgot how dumb this school was. D: we honestly need a snow day thou.
": Who wants know what he said? Lol" it hurts? Toilet paper? Feels so good? Lol!
believe me when i say, all i wanted was the best for us.
We'll start doing live chats very soon!
Yeah, it's actually about Jim Morrison and his life with The Doors. It's really good.
Really can't decide whether to go to or not? :S Who else is going? :)
Damn! Boston has some nice lookin' men!
we love that you are also on !! Your pictures have us craving an unforgettable for lunch!
So sad it's the last day of spring break :(
i know right? austins so sexxy <U+2665> &thanks ;)
Ouch! Not good. Sorry, bud.
OK, but then this is an empirical disagreement not a philosophical one.
Isn' that where diamonds come from? Zeals?
Had a really bad day but for the first time in a month, I can come on here and cheer up! Oh how I've missed you Twitter.
Will do.
You don't need an expert to let you know that you can marry whomever you fall in love with.
But there's a shift happening in humanity, a shift in consciousness, happening now because it has to happen now. ~ Eckhart Tolle
mobbin deep, to a badass night, turning off the phone.
Very special #mayday tidings, #birthday wishes, and a #FollowTuesday to one of my favorite activists !!
Greenhills is the best place ever!!! hahaha =] -Chad
Thanks for the follows!
Say how many times I gotta tell u I am not a house nigga! Get ya own crib!
RT : Social Media Tapas scheduled for 10/4 was canceled. I'll let you know if they reschedule.
I'm going to the super bowl <U+E410><U+E42B> XLVI here I come
I wasn't aware that sac was actually a city but I agree its odd how quick this town changes it's tone
I third that, Joe! You make it all look so easy & carefree :)
"OMG! JENNY! I MISSED YOU!" - me to my computer
#WeWontWork if u get caught wit enough d to go to the zo 4 20 years and u get out of county the next day!!!
#PGA has to be happy w/ the compelling nature of one of their signature events. #Masters champ #bubbawatson may provide a boost
RT : Turn Lemons Into Lemonade with your crisis FAQ. Allow people to subscribe to updates. at
Dang I can't wait for Dayglow.. Gunna be so much fun!!
you hate drama? heres a bright idea, stop starting it.
Good luck!
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead
Can it just be summer already?
Lenders originated $13.3 billion in traditional FHA-insured reverse mortgages during the first three quarters of fiscal year 2011
Beyonce's latest album is like a dog that got left in a car with the windows rolled up on a hot day."
2/I don't know how many, better and her sister tries her best to help danica the most she can and she does but guys sometimes
We open and look forward to serving our Fajita Thursday lunch special today. $3 Corona/Corona lights drink special today.
I guess that's true
I'm more of a perverted guy who leaves creepy messages
Missing someone I'm not supposed to. Stupid feelings. Stupid heart.
No problem on RT! I also left a comment.
Exactly. "Feminist" is not a job description.
There's always gonna be an uphill battle.
RIM to find new marketing chief to revive its brand, the head of marketing for Research In Motion will leave the company in six months.
Maybe next year! I'm signing at FLA in Orlando, and doing a reading festival near there, and they both share TLA's dates
Swanson's Anna Balazs & her research on oscillating gels gaining a lot of attention across the engineering world!!
I wish I was waiting on one last load! I've run out of closet space & hangers so I can't finish!
didnt fall asleep in polisci today! first time evah!!!
dudes? We locked in for 750?
Pretty sure I just heard "happy Cinco de Cuatro!" Nicely done, That is the opposite of correct.
OH those base on balls !!!!!
How does one become a #joyologist? Me thinks it's something we're all qualified for, even if we don't know it.
I assume Tasha Mack will be the focal point. She is good for one liners, but I don't think she can carry the show
AH... My living room is 1,000,000 times better, I love being inspired to move my furniture around! I start work tomorrow... I am stoked!
Our #secretshiba package arrived todayz!! Arooooooo! But mom won't let uz open it yet :(
Enjoying the awesome weather. Sitting outside in the patio on my new outdoor furniture!
I tvought that's what #LSDO does? Come out!!!
The Kingdom of God lies inside of you.
I wish they would let you FOCUS on your medical expertise instead of being like every other HLN hack. You have so much to offer.
“: Slim/Thick + Saditty #Priceless”<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I just followed Thanks for the follow!
I'll Have Another won.
"look at that midget baby" lol
HEY U SHOULD FOLLOW ME CUZ U FOLLOWED MY SIS !!!!!!! js!!! <3
Having a snack in the whole foods cafe with my favorite little people
you and vinny would be so cute together :) b/c ur so beautiful NH doe lol
I agree.... 100% was EPIC tonight....
Am I the only one that thinks drake is off beat on No Lie?
omg seriously?! So proud of you right now!
Don't feel sad over someone who gave up on you, feel sorry for them because they gave up on someone who would have never given up on them.
Re-watched Real Time actually made some valid points. He was just such a douche about it.
Yep! As of about a week ago!
Gnight beautiful, beautiful moonlight! May restful sleep find you when your day comes to a close. Sweet, sweet dreams. :-)
5th period is the best. Hands down.
RT GlRLTHINGS: You have no idea how hard it is to force myself to stop thinking about you sometimes.
i guess it was there yesterday and this morning. Oh well haha
Good shot.
Challenges for in aligning with institutional strategy: negotiating objectives, understanding process, & finding a common language
It's looking ominous outside, but no T-storm watches or warnings issued in Maryland yet...
Rec of a Spanish speaking expert in "Citizen Participation as a Means to Control Corruption” for event in Lima? #opengov cc
Playoff. Hockey. Is. The. Stone. Cold. Nuts.
Ill cool ya ass dwn if ya think ya hot shit
why so many hit-n-runs in LA? Guy rammed my car in Venice in '08, I pulled over, got out, he tried to run me over! I had to jump!
anthony has too many friend requests!! And marks won't open :(
Yeah! I saw them in New York the last time they were here!
etra el WHY ALWAYS ME? Balotelli
I will say this, the Porter case for me, puts into perspective the alleged wrong-doings of Richie Farmer.
": “: Bitches wear little ass shorts that show their ass for attention and get mad when a nigga looks.” hahaha"
I am an instagram of my former self.
I was Metaframe(d)! | Your Ottoman Empire
Party hard right now on a Friday night! Jking. I'm sitting outside chilling with 3 cats.
I've been following since she was 2 years old! She is so AMAZING! You are lucky to have in in your band
It seems like we by passed spring and went straight to summer
Why the hell is every light around Marion county out! Accident waiting to happen!
yes im back and im 100x more homesick. ngerk
Attending conference on Diversity, Race and Learning at The Ohio State University
Thanks for the retweet!
Cool, my Total Wealth Coaching Facebook Fan Page is linked to my Twitter. I don't even remember how I did that!
this just in: we'll be playing this Sunday from 6 to 7 as part of the benefit for "school for the deaf" in Haiti
hitting Coachella this weekend?
Happy I never faked for the people ..take me as I am lol<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Does it ever get easier?
morning well skool for me still sleepy didnt get to bed tell 1 but everone have a nice day-Tamya:P ily
What did she do to make u feel like u feel rite now???
Provided 2hrs computer/technology instruction to 37 people in the last 2 days. Always hard when some seem to enjoy and others don't.
Im addicted to fan fiction. Seriously this is so fucking good.
1 year in conception, 6 months in rewrites, 4 weeks in rehearsal & now Casual Encounters/Missed Connections opens in 2 days!!
It's almost time.
Mainland gone run it 2mrw!!!!
Panda express
you very sexy woman
I guess so... Lmfao! I be awake erry now and again to get it in... Lol!
When I find the person that stole my shit I'm beating ur ass and taking everything you have
After watching Grammys, next day feels like waking up after drinking cheap wine.
When Dale's trying to tell me something funny but he can't stop laughing <
Campaign resorting to monkey tactics, what's next throwing their shit?
cool! i didn't get to see the presses, alas, but there's always next year!
Please welcome Gaby_2898 to the Max life
Thanks, Dan. Enjoy!
#happyvalentinesday to everyone, especially
Le boyfriend always knows how to cheer me up :]
Dear guys, if you like a girl, don't make her start the conversation, cause then she worries she's being annoying.
If you have been notified via email about the upcoming green voxbox, please reply by the end of the day in case u haven't done so.
RT : Obama is "leading a war on traditional marriage,” says , currently on his 4th marriage.
DRIVE TIME with
Does any one know the place is selling a whole water melon now in Charlottesville other than Kroger?
he reminds me of !!
Thanks for da love! Cant do it with out u!
I just watched her perform and I'll say it again - JANELLE MONAE IS THE TRUTH !!!!
Back underway in the third
Germany u?
We can't wait to be on MusicVox one week from today!
cant sleep!!!
#RT If You Have A Phone But Not Doing Shxt With It & Need To Text Someone.!
let me know when you do.
Just bought $MOBI
Favorite crowd sign: guy holding "JORDY I WANNA BE YOUR SHORTY"
how's FL?
friendship is the word of the day.
hm I was just about to tweet the same thing(;
Bring out the Best!
GM Miss Juju
We started planning the 2012 season last night. Should be very very interesting.
A little disappointing???
Movie night with my best friends!! and Baylee:)
Learning how to be a leader in subzero temperatures.
well i'll have a nice surprise to come home to! Maybe we could get together while i'm home
Noticed you are doing hoops too lately! On top of signing day...you are busy!
Get our Football Party Pack featuring: locally made salsa, Salem cheese straws, a Giacomo salami & a Calico cheese 4 $14.75 w/ wine purchase
ima get the forms and mail them
I can't believe this ! Still in shock .
Great demo from Jen product is starting to really take shape
Woot! RT I'm happy to announce that the has declared April 16, 2012 Day!
Heading off to Oxford with William Reid
we'll probably be starting around 5! :)
Very Close to 100 followers and only have been on a few days
I’ll be the happiest if you decide to kick it tonight
Have also developed the "softer side-eye" which is a non-stank way of examining one's surroundings.
Not a good day to wear a skirt :(
Thx for the rt - Great to see you on twitter :-)
I told you Verizon lol
Bihhhh, I'm bout it!
Good morning everyone! Still need to get my coffee... everything is just blurring together.
Being with you, its like being alone. Hey, it's like being stoned.
That's our next step - I was hoping to see what she owed, first. Fees seem to change EVERY semester.
Dang, that shoulda been Julie & Julia. That's what I get for trying to be clever.
That's never the first thing you want to hear out of somebody's mouth when they first meet you.
amazing !! Miss you
Romo is trending. we all know that its secretly about me. (;
I BET
tomorrow we break out the #stuffedturkey from Viaje from 11am to 4pm @ Signature Cigars DC
I didn't get your pixs!
how is your article related to deliberate indifference?
screw this, final.
he worked it out with a pencil.
oh my GOD i hate people who think they know my relationship better than I do.
Meet me on the southsideee.
Sarah Burke is Canadian Mr Heller.
Jets up over bitches nigga stick to the script.
RT : Had so much today with # Can't wait til the summer hit! Me2 ...
Lecture on chemical deterioration process of pressure sensitive tape in my class = fascinating. I'm not being sarcastic!
Another new server ready today - vpn-in48 Dynamic ip pptp/l2tp/sstp in New York. Server supports android pptp clients with encryption off.
we're so lucky!
A day full of dance classes! :)
Wow...who knew Daily Racing Form was the worlds oldest single sports publication-running nonstop for 116 years!
I'm not trynna drive back to methuen... I just came from there!
Why did Somebody that I Used to Know come on my My Chemical Romance pandora? Uhmm, no!
Wow cause that's not unethical AT ALL.
Many thanks!
Can't believe it's almost 4am it still feels early to me. Times like this make me wanna hurry up and build my studio
damn i dnt care wht no one say .....im the greatest!1
First Fridays Book Group "Professor & the Madman: A Tale of Murder, Insanity and the Making of The OED" tomorrow at Memorial Library. 1:00pm
Get me out Jesus get me out today!
I stole a bike...don't tell anyone lol
My Amtrak on the way back to Chicago has a White Castle. Boo-yah has been achieved.
THEN NO SLEEP
Throat is killing me
Stop wishing for everything you've always dreamed of. Make it into a reality.
"Moses/Aaron" is my go to guide in handling staff matters, large & small. But c'mon, where's your Kindle app??
I may not get any blog posts written @ #BlogathonATX, I am TEARING through to-do lists for my clients.
I'm DEFINITELY watching the movie 'Magic Mike' Channing Tatum plays a stripper. Yes, please.
I am me. Like I'm picking up on that more and more. I'm scared cause what if this isn't me ? And I'm only doing it to fit in ? But I'm happy
WFNX just got sold? will it stay an alternative station? egads, don't make me listen to KISS 108.
Awww, well, minimally then, you have enough to have a relaxing time (is that better?) :)
this is torture D:
Watching PBS special on Appalachian music, land, and interventions of technology.
Alright, I'll probably call my Ticket Rep tomorrow and see.
anyone can be a leader. you have to recognize that it can be you. don't wait for the title. take up the cause!
got food served in under 3 hours at a McMenamins last night....new world record
Thoughts concerning homework, what do you think, Justin Tarte
Why would you ever do anything with bad intentions?
I'm so lucky to have such a great best friend to vent to, swear he makes light of every situation!
I love how AT&T can threaten your service if you fall a week behind in payment and yet I've been waiting FIVE MONTHS for my rebate!
I seriously don't like this "probation" thing at all smhh
yea you should try it one day. tell me how you like it.
Many computer programs, like Word, are easy to use w/out extensive training... But what if you knew all the shortcuts?
Do you believe in god? Come here so I can Hitchslap you back to reality.
just live vicariously through your hardworking students! #Qportland is awesome!
We love Nutella! RT : brought leftover biscuits to friends & they put Neutella on them. #newmenuitemmaybe?
Hoping To hear some Vin Scully on coverage of Bryce Harper's debut.
RT : Hope you have a great screening tonight!
So sleepy ugh
We did make a resolution to live more simply. It led me to your book! We'll feature it on our site soon!
Do u know the guacamole is good for health & tastes better with fresh cilantro, spicy jalapeno & fresh tomatoes?
I deleted my old account, too many hoes on my jock #feelme?
Let me get ya netflix pass code n screen name so I no its real!!! && so I can watch paid n full
Thanks for the RTs!
#np if i were a boy
i just read this really good fanfic and i am completely bummed that the author hasnt updated since 2009.
cute graphics! looks like a good game for kids.
see ya
Why isn't Chris Quinn on the team this year?
dont let the pats get a touchdown
yeah, mine's not for sale either. maybe to buy influence? i think it's just a mktg gimmick (but fun to see none-the-less).
. You didn't pass #KXL, you passed a transport bill w/ rider.
well when you coming home dog ,shit getting real out here ... what placement you at ?
poverty is a word that isn't in my vocabulary
o ur going to 6th grade?
Freak out day: Just headbang and go nuts on the drumset today. No holds barred and work up a real sweat rocking out. Have a blast!
Way to go, #Orioles!
#goPackgo RT : Aaron Rodgers, James Jones and Green Bay are all trending!!
RT : How would you increase gender diversity in your workplace?
People not bound by a Mother's Day request are ditching the ridiculously long line. I salute them.
Another great meeting with Pastor Jason and the growing staff of
I need sleep....but I can't sleep....
ya man, I think we r gonna be going out in Mil tonight. Anything goin on???
I use not to catch my own thoughts but to curate them and the discussions they're part of for others.
glowering skies.
Hi Ladies like clothes look here, custom made #apostolic #one God, #Team Jesus #holiness #modest apparel #custom made clothing
no, I just think its funny to be mean to you.
They say drink eight glasses of water a day. I say, do that. But, don't forget to top the last glass off with a glass of wine! LOL
Did she smell of Jane Fonda's workout or Love's Baby Soft?
"Tumblr is so boring now" EW you're clearly not following the right people
skillet you dumbass
G.M.N.I.: Thinking about getting this Dbl Qtr. Pounder w/ cheese & bacon. And a large fry.
With Bennett not coming to UK, college basketball just turned into a free for all next year. Talent spread really even across the top teams
Anyone know of SD action sports retailers willing to talk to me about a story I am writing for the San Diego Business Journal? Need today.
Watching #Drive with the very talented .
Sad about the CapOne announcement to close the newly acquired HSBC Salinas office. I have family who have worked there for 19 years
LMFAO! RT : #iLikeYouBecause you're an idiot, I feel very smart around you.
I'm starting to think this is destiny for Japan. SIGH.
This is a new, additional (more chatty/personal) twitter handle. ' ' will remain journalism related.
Psalm 70:4 But may all who seek you rejoice and be glad in you; may those who long for your saving help always say, “The LORD is great!”
sounds awesome!!! =]
“: Absollutely loving Thanks for sharing !” so good!
great meal tonight at #StArnolds. Sorry you missed out - you were missed!!
I cannot wait to get out... Imagine what people in jail feel like <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Never go to bed with wet hair..or a first day.
Everytime when my bf said he will pick me up at this time... I have to add another hour at least for him. Why are men always late?!
I can see to it that someone will be. Are you dropping off more goodies???
im very excited about the SUMMER..new album, new reality show and a tour!!!GOD is GOOD!!!
the song lol
Just finishing setup for #SocEntWknd. Only an hour to go... let the countdown begin!
HTML converts 2+ spaces to 1 anyway, so I never thought about it. #disclosure: I also learned on a typewriter.
I WANTED TO GO! I ugh fnhdjusiaksjd
alright, just remembered that we should try and have coffee...so how's your schedule looking? Around?
now you're talking; how could longitudinal grading work? could common core help that, ie., aligning norms yr2yr?
The good news is that it's just bronchitis, and not bronchitis plus a sinus infection. Stupid fornicating trees. Have they no shame?
Hello! It's Chris, the DJ referred. I must have accidentally deleted your mail from my junk. Still need a DJ on 2/26?
The Soviets also thought that life ended in a cold dark grave ... easier to be rational ...
What did you do for Christmas?
tried. I'm holdin that one for a while before I let that out lol
Mad buddah abuser.
Salido vs Lopez... That was good fight.
"The Intouchables" may be one of the most touching stories we've ever seen (Fest or anywhere)! Thanks for bringing it our way! I
Looking to buy #iPad; what do I need? 2 or 3? How many GB? Wireless? Also, where is best price? Thx!
New stock options Trade Of The Month released today!! www.optionspreadstrategies.com
Line for parking passes....
Its cool thou...
Smile! You'll always have
Got charger? Mophie juice pack?
I heard, but it's those new ones… The ones I refuse to watch
36 is nice :) RT : 36 just like that number....
I know I'm about to cry at work
hey , don't you hate it when the fleet is yelling at me about being a traitor when i'm headed to tatoonie
i love you on House of Payne :)
I did not know that MLA and the Chicago Manual of Style both provide guidelines for citing twitter.
done..but i think ur already following me
Jamaican beer to celebrate a Jamican legend...Happy Birthday
Great to be following you! Love your purpose and your website.
this is why i love you!!
Happy Leap Day #DNation! May all your fundraising dreams come true! Fundraising Competition ends tonight!
Linfield: post Cold War saw brutal civil wars too. UN peacekeeping also increased.
things I've learned today: cut out saturated fat by eliminating cheese and tons of burgers and your LDL might just go down below 100.
when can you skype???
hey! I just looked at your video...it was great! How are you? “: whassssupppp”
Brewers game!! First one in a while, should be fun.
HATE watchin the Nuggs game with T-wolves announcers! Where was Love foul on Koufus? 'Clean play right there waita go K-Love' Yeah RIGHT!
Excellent #Postal Affairs Session with Donna Hanbery, ED of Saturation Mailers Coalition at #afcpicma joint Conference.
I almost wish my heart was breaking, but I can't lie...all I want to do...is turn the page
noo, is! lol I have to many people that's gonna try to teach me,,,
Give me your forever.
Heights down 27-23 with 4 minutes in the first half. They seem nervous.
Dumb. RT BREAKING: announce suspension of manager Ozzie Guillen for 5 games, effective immediately.
I'll be celebrating "March Happiness", a tournament where I decide my favorite Sledgehammer episode.
iknoww, thats what i will say to her.
LooK aT DeM HiPz #I LiKe HoW ShE RoCkIn *ReAlMiKeMiLLz*
when do the flaming dr peppers start flowing?
Invading a Long Island club tonight to show em how we do it in NYC. FABULOUS
So proud to be named after such an amazing team <3
The Avengers to close #TFF? So much for the local indie, foreign gem of festivals.
hi baby :) did you still wanna go to Blake shelton August 16th? :)
It's so crazy to think that James Harden is only 22
Damn juliette killed it! Love aerosmith!! Love her rendition
Are all the guys required to have some super corny pick up line when they meet the Bachelorette for the first time??
TAB gift certificates are sold out!
"Do not fear mistakes, there are none."- Miles Davis
Rebuilding has begun...
Bring The Secret Circle Back!!!
lol I love it.. Lets contact pepsico, general mills, kellogg...
:) yeah his shot there was really nice! Anyway time for me to take off, good night :)
Show was great, VIP's, etc they loved it. Six more Future Break shows left this month.
Friend: "Where you dropped at birth?" You: "Yeah! Into a pool of sexy!"
your last tweet made me laugh(: haha
i should not be allowed to interact with the public today.
i almost died yesterday
RT #NYC fans & friends - I'd love to give you free tickets and a piece of original art at my show at TRYING 2 win
gavin lacking groove
Why floss Money when you want a girl who has her own? Why pressure a girl for sex when u wanna female who makes you wait?# Men are confusing
Good deal!
you should follow me : ) .
Lets go Miami Heat , lets finish off these Knicks!
Not sure when V-note opened, but it is good!
We didn't even realize we weren't following you yet...how rude of us! See you in June!
RT : Dam I cant even hear Carlos &he still anoys the shit out of me !
Reflected glory today for for Tracy K. Smith's poetry Pulitzer ... sweet.
he's unwanted !
Wow! Ok ! I'm very pleasantly suprised!
WHAT IS A HALLOWEEN GRUMPKIN ????? CARVING 101 HOW TO CARVE A GIANT PUMPKIN
tell me about it , thats the only thing i hate about being a cancer .its so hard to hide the way you feel . and its crazy
are y'all officially out for the summer??
#itsTimeForYouToRealize that I am no longer a child . I love you and I'm 10000% sure about that. I fucking love you punk :-*
Bout to drop the
WHAT'S HAPPENING TO YOU ? I might punch your boy if he will do something bad to you!!!!
Thanks for the kind words, More to come.
I just found out how we can make $1000 extra each month.
No Sleep For Me ! im the Birthday Girl & Been Dancing all Morning ; #Lol . =]
it's been a long time since the last time i felt this poorly.
Its good Im feeling that school a lot :) plus I get another hour of sleep :D
Why was Jered Weaver ejected from the #Tigers game?
Rehearsing lines + SMASH
Rick Ross ft lil Wayne ... Yeah
m Very Cool! Good for you. I'll keep u in mind! Mental Note & a sticky! :) OOPS
Same here! #RIP Adam =( “: Beastie Boys on my playlist all day. RIP MCA”
Up watching everybody hate chris
Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For the kingdom, the power and the glory are yours. Now and for ever. Amen.
today is the 20th anniversary of the la riots for rodney king
Spinning a huge private event tonight. Back in Hollywood next week.
Skylar. You're gorgeous.
I love your new video so much<33 haha you, kian and Sam are my inspiration(: I love you guys c: <333
We need DJs to DJ two events, one tonight, and one tomorrow night. For more info & to sign up, visit the SFR office (D418).
Tebow to NY....
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE CLASS OF 2012 AT THE UNIVERSITY OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA!
Action always prove why words mean nothing.
been slacking in the runs as of late. I blame 2 sml kids. Good luck with the marathon. I've run 4. They r addictive.
It's not a TP movie....
that pictue is to lame
Phone just decided to received 17 text messages from the last week or two, one after another. That was exciting...
Hey man DM me your number!
Team meeting tonight with our #powerbrothers otherwise known as the #Innercircle ...
I want to shoot myself every time I go on to Facebook.
wow, that is sweet. And here I thought no one was going to make another decent vampire film.
"Seriously? Funfetti cupcakes and Funfetti frosting? That's like cocaine for fat girls."
pretty hard one lol :)
my first time watching amanda palmer from the dresden dolls live and its exciting
XOxO <3 hope I see you soon
Incredible music and theatre workshops in progress at Estacada HS w/ + HS gened and sped students
Merry Christmas to you & yours EG. Thanx for all your advice, feedback & words of encouragement. GOD bless.
woot woot!! yes, but now comes the clusterfuck of work that means zero sleep haha...Looking forward to retail therapy on Saturday!
I hate the Homecoming Queen and im pretty damn sure that she cant stand me...
:D i know. But whats not awesum is me and i no of another Arianator tht got hacked! #NotCool *Bretana*
You can't win a game when the other team goes on a 18-3 run in the 4th quarter!
“: #Aries tend to be tall rather than short. They also have thin lips.” this is the opposite u dickz
That's a lady's gun!
Why are these letdowns so predictible?
Whats the difference between a dead baby and a watermelon? The one is delicious and then theres the watermelon!
First run in a while(inspired by a not so pleasant step on the scale) long road ahead of me.......smh
I am so tired of hearing "poor Shane Doan", "Shane Doan deserves a cup" "Shane Doan never does anything wrong" from these analysts
I'm pretty sure I accidentally threw away a bag that had the earrings I bought in NY :'(
Excited 2 b honoring the Corporate Arts Citizen/Business nominees & Chocolate Perks @
we mahomies love you too(:
but you close your eyes when you sleep
Some woman on the price is right guessed both prizes on the "clock game" in 4 seconds. WOW!
"Smoke it! RT: Why Be Sober And You Kan Be High Like Me"
29 hours on this train to Delaware.... Moving tomorrow :) My excitement makes me forget about how long its going to take.....
Thank you for the RT... Happy New Year!
Just read an article about kids distilling hand sanitizer, using salt to separate the alcohol & drinking it. Equivalent to a 120 proof shot.
yeah I'm down! Just remind me. Lol
Thanks for choosing Hard Life to Live as Song of the Day, Dec 20th!!
This is Super Sunday and it starts with 6 exciting worship services... followed by the Super Bowl! Good fun and fellowship!
Thank you for all RTs and mentions during
“: Karma's only a bitch if you are.” that explains a lot..
I see how it is.. Consider it all NULLED AND VOID!!!
The most exclusive Oscar party in #ABQ and we got the hook up baby! Stay tuned for the link to watch all the behind the scenes stuff!
Working my way throughout the Ender Saga by This week it's Enser's Shadow.
It is a great evening. I think you should start making your way down here. See you soon
: an unexpected treat at the end of the Agassi autobiography was his referring to Sonny Mehta as the Rod Laver of book publishing.
I guess I'll following because he's very amusing even though this makes me one of millions.
I'm so amused when I look at my mirror because there's a mini mannequin hanging for dear life by a clock's power cord.
i love it when even after my cousin leaves, she still invades my brain well more of my thoughts but it's kinda awesome in a way
There should be a special place in Hell for people who steal other people's bikes.
GOT SWAG?! Yes:)
yes!!! It's gettin pretty intense lol
BREAKING: Orange-Osceola State Attorney to hold news conference tmrw at 2 about #robertchampion #FAMU hazing investigation.
NEW video for "Wild Window" is up now on ! p4k.in/rmP2sj
One Time For All The Moms That Play The Daddy Role!!! Happy MothersDay #ReTweet!
Chipotle is the best hangover food. ever.
#Gameday The HPA season is winding down, but the Tiki Trophy is up for grabs at Ascot! 0-4 lead line!
Accept the challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of the victory. – George S. Patton
Don't forget to like me on FB: facebook.com/seanedwardsofficial
#stm2012 David Lipman starting off as this morning's speaker on reflections on the life cycle on biomedical research paper
Tune in to Monday's show for a self-defense demonstration by expert Sam Rosenberg!
School is killing me
lemme see you bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it. Baby drop it to the floor and bust it. (:
if ur on medication remember to take your medicine
Uggghhh I've never been so mad while watching tv! Darn you !
Honored we will have on our panel at the Philly EdTech Meetup on Monday!
check out
is interviewing Plow United right now on XPN2 LOCAL, my interview and a performance from Weston is next. Listen: www.XPN2.org
Partnership delivers Station travel plan for North Walsham
Feeling great about my fitness- when I walked in2 the they recognized me& told me there was no sign up sheet 4 spin today!
There is a beacon of light shining in this cold, awful night. It is No Shame Theatre. Doors open 10pm, show starts 10:30. 2215 W North Ave.
Jay Goldstone at budget brief: This is probably the first time I've enjoyed coming out to these meetings because there are no service cuts.
Hi there necterr
Having A Bad Nite
I watch EPL clubs when I can (usually on ESPN3). I became a LFC Red after I worked with a (now) good friend who grew up in Livepool
How is it you can work at home depot and not know what velcro is?? Wow.
Mickey's Revue is a 1932 Walt Disney cartoon, which features Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Horace Horsecollar, Clarabelle Cow + Goofy's intro!
Join LIVE CHAT at noon. We'll be talking about Wapo Series "Black Women in America" w/ & professor Dr. Tricia Bent-Goodley
I would talked to you. If. You cut the crap out about being someone daddy
Love how one thing can ruin your whole day
didn't miss much I meant. Stupid auto correct.
Not saying that's an excuse...but ppl wonder why black ppl are always so angry ...
Greenfield PD reporting CVS on the Milwaukee side of 27th & Howard had a armed robbery.
The FAA says they're rethinking their silly no-electronics rule on planes...but not for smartphones.
I want a pot noodle.
I Got More #Momentum Than You Guys Build With My Eyes Sealed
The new Spotify app for Android is pretty much the best Android app I have ever used. Now we just need to see what they do for i Pad.
Good suggestions. Thanks!
okay , back to this paper. . .
And the tears streem down my face,,, cause I miss my home
Just finished up a lovely morning wedding and reception. Now to relax . . .
Otto Sverdrup...our beard of the day and one of the best in some time! Check him out at greatbeardsofhistory.com
it's victorias secret...can there BE any good experiences?
RT During a performance at a concert hall in Bermuda last night, the man playing the triangle disappeared. RT
Anyone who calls or e-mails you asking for your Social Security number, information about your bank or credit card account is a scam artist
Sick of my winter wardrobe- any excuse to pop over to for some retail therapy!
Road trip to to see my sister's a cappella group in concert.
ugh, i'm not sure if i'll be able to get one either :\
absolutely! Was feeling like shit this morning but I think the junk is out if my system now. I feel great!!
wow, that video just gives & gives
Laying in bed thinking of how extremely blessed I am to have THE best family, friends & boyfriend.
I worked my ass off on that
ok, goodnight! Sweet dreams Princess :)
Has there EVER been 2 upset wins in the same tourney 15 over 2?
Hi... nice to meet you.
I saw you last yr in Hawaii. I really enjoyed your session and wanted to see if had an itinerary for this yr. Thanks
California Metalfest today! Who's there?
Im as free as a bird now.. And this bird you cannot change!
Hoping oomf calls me..haven't talk to him, on the phone in a while...
Ops...next time buddy! RT : what are you getting me?
Apparently Yellowbrickroad is streaming on Netflix! News to me!
Starting @ 7pm tonight follow #SUinNYC for a discussion about the Economy with grad & Former Sec. of Treasury John Snow
can't wait to see you! :)
aw yall wuld be so cute together:)
thx! also, it's all good. Because really? It's not.
If you sexy eat my cocca raw!!!...
ONCE is one of the most amazing things I've seen on Broadway. RUN to get your tickets. Sure to be the next big thing.
LOVE YA TOO!
Man everything is going wrong for me today!!! First apc, then the storm...now what?!?!
suck suck suck
perhaps we were treated this way because we look younger than we are? Either way thought you should know...
The first law of dietetics seems to be: if it tastes good, it's bad for you. Isaac Asimov
I like how I can quote the entire Never Back Down movie.
i already told u the top one
Why cant it just be tomorrow already?
We won't share your email address No Spam ever
Nice to meet you. god bless you always
By refusing to drop out of a race he lost months ago, #Gingrich is disrupting the "coalescing" that takes place ahead of the convention.
I'd let you use mine but I'm afraid I'll be using it for awhile.
Be careful what you ask for
Awesome! RT : Wow! Had an amazing dinner at Great scene, great food, great time Will definitely be back.
Sessions happening now: Personal Data Stories and Creating A Business Model
what up my g
Saving the best for last ?
#Fo. rqetYou forget the way u been treating my sis iyana boo I'm talkin to jason stand down forget u
#FF stay up on conservation legislation with
I suddenly have much less sympathy. :) Only my overheating Macbook stood between me and numb fingers this morning.
says I've decided to get rid of my bad habits...just as soon as equally satisfying good habits become available.
I bet that's where a lot of the spambot followers are from, just a wild guess.
More snow? It's coming our way..the deep freeze is settling in over central Ohio...but get ready for a warm up later this week..join us !
Thanks Lynn! Glad ya dig it!
... John Travolta: "he took it out."
Ahh. I only saw the final clip with the song.
Have a great night! Great to see you online!
just saw this- :)
Who inspires you!?
killing it at Bamboo! I like
I love that song! Saw him at Orlando Calling.
": How can we save 12.9 million gallons of jet fuel annually? Two words: air highways" (stay home. Also 2 words)
RT : welcome to twitter doll. Thanks hunny
Have a great weekend everyone!
Thank you John and to the Norris school district. The Great Plains Public Health Leadership Inst is proud. We have a great poster
Family Day is today from noon to 4pm throughout the #DesignDistrict. Lots of fun stuff for kids and grown ups. Please stop by!
i'm so happy i don't come from a family where my mom expects me to wear make-up and do my hair. ever.
Crucify myself every day and my heart is sick of being in chains..
and, will Clean Cities oversee recently-announced Nat'l Community Deployment Challenge? new model for alt fuel funding?
RT : Make your voice heard along with other DC residents: No unfair electric rate increases! AARP DC staff and......
you have a sexi body! ur no where near fat!
change allot THIS ARE THE 4 changes
There are a whole lotta people at 8th & Pine in Seattle waiting to see a whole lotta nothing, methinks.
Going too CANADA tommorow :D
thank you
HB 364 Passes House Health & Welfare Committee Unanimously!!!!
sounds good and healthy!
I feel like there should be way more public restrooms
Best news is is comong to the Chi for the Summer.. Yeah we're gonna have a good time awe yeah awe yeah
Heading down 55 north musty
I need to watch it but my computer is a piece of shit! :/
Oh my Disney! Brenda Song and Trace Cyrus are having a baby?! ...Wait, did everyone already know this?
OH at work: "The bird is too fat to fit in my cage!!!"
reppin my t-shirt today! <3
"what r u going to do about your tatts when you get older?" my reply- idk prolly hang out with other badass tattooed women and look awesome.
i hate all. these people messaging me those like weird things.. like uh no.
Life without love is a shadow of things that might be.
East Valley Earth Fest in Chandler, AZ celebrating Earth Day 2011. Join us 4-23-11 at and
Thanks again- We need this in the US to help the consumers age move into healthcare!
Kerry Skittles reference?! That goes way back. Gotta rep Keith Van Horn and Derrick Coleman though as throwback Nets
Happy Record Store Day
Why is Khloe the greedy Kardashian? She makes me keep up with her while also watching her take BOTH New York and Miami...gah!
watching degrassi
It's going to take thoughtful conversations to get people in the education journey. Mark Milliron got us started.
Hear Jade on KUT at 10!
And I kind of guessed that by your last name :)
The crack addicts on parking wars are priceless
Gf has good tastee (: haha . I heard like 3 songs and i fell in love ;D
Money won't buy you happiness, but it lets you be miserable in some really nice places.
Ha...I wish....more like old age!
When you need a flash light you use your phone.
Big game today. Prediction noles beat duke by 6.
Truth hun!!! That's why ATL is not ready. AKA's are no joke!
no bryan and Lisette can't can't always have wht u want
If you create a character, you create a destiny. -Andréaurois
Be Certain To Use Proper Bodybuilding Supplements If Your Getting ...
Why WHY?!RT : The wave in Glendale...Here comes a #Preds goal.
The Tigers have scored just 2 runs in 3 of the last 5 games. They have 2 now, will they score another?
they were allowed limited collective bargaining recently
historical serbian dictionary page on fb has 24K friends - raises awareness of changeability of language
YOUR MY HERO!
Omg Someone is not drunk: Martha
Repeatedly tweeting in hopes of him replying or RT
Congratulations! You deserved to win for Favorite Music Group on the Kids Choice Awards! BTR is so awesome with you dude!
U must saty at my house
Friggen good burrito dude. That's what dreams are made of.
I wonder who's awake
Okay So Just Cut My Music, Now Time To Edit This One Part O__o #OhLord . .
-1 Heading to Ruffin Rd. to re-register. Been in the GOP since 1973.
“Don’t be afraid to go after what you want to do, and what you want to be. But don’t be afraid to be willing to pay the price.” -Lane Frost
Sweet! And we were worried we wouldn't have any friends nearby.
Morning tweeps! Mother's Day weekend is acomin'! How will you make it count?
Just saw w/the star from being followed by camera crews, this film is amazing and sweeping !!
ima get my point across regardless. money talk and bullshit run a marathon...
Better QB in the next 2 years, Rodgers,Cutler or Rivers? I'll take Rodgers. More weapons to work with!!
Wat r those things u sent me?????? same with u
Well that's that.
I see myself as sexy. If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing. - Aaliyah
I feel like death warmed over at this point, my stomach is basically eating my insides :(
Mathew Timmons: (a little Hugo Ball)
Today we have the Green or Red chile cheese dog med fries and drink for 6.75
I LOVE when President visits our military men & women! Surprise or not.
Big time.
I know Nicki's barbz are very ill right now. Be at ease Barbz, I'm sure she'll return soon.
55% of Steelers fans felt offensive line was the team's greatest need heading into the draft. #2 was the Secondary at 11%. (N=1,631)
cloud or dedicated?
what's up with Taylor's shooting this year. Just a string of bad games??
Break out the pool rafts, sailor hats, and red speedos, It's time for another staff writer meeting!
Thanks for the thumbs up on our cover photo! Now we just have to figure out how to optimize the other 90% of #timeline!
I hate college, but love all the parties
ill be in to see you today around 3ish which im sure will make your day.
Come on bullies lets do it do it.
Graphene capsule helps image nanocrystal growth (NanotechwebTechUpdate) Share With Friends: | | Science - Nanotechnology News , News Fee
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 318
Great morning at Romney! Now get out and enjoy the day!
Medical malpractice needs reforming...
why does it say I am not following ?? twitter has been messing up so much lately -__- it's making me mad.
I Love you more! FaceTime tomorrow right?
Uggie is here too! Will they ever give an Oscar for best animal in a film?
Hey followers...rain or shine, we are open for lunch. Come join us, both floors are open.
Beautiful weather in NYC today! Who can resist going outside for lunch hour? Soak in those rays for awhile for some quality Vitamin D!
Just waiting in sea-tac for air canada to finally get it together and check us in. What, do u prefer we don't fly your airline?
Just facetimed at 4:30 am across the globe . Priceless.
Teen Wolf and Falling Skies my faves!
So glad I have someone in my life I can always count on.
haha, just got my second "hey, you don't know me but I hear you have a giant parachute..." email.
really?! I mean... Really?!
Could be hard to find that in Manhattan.
the Fabergas curse.
My dad got the new Twilight movie for Valentine's Day.. I think might have been immaculately conceived.
The Cake Boss is making an appearance at the office this afternoon... I hope multiple females are dieting this week
to bad that wasn"t the tweet you retweeted.....#learnhowtousetwittertrick!
For anyone creating graphics or products for kids, our new "Kids' Inspiration: Picture Books & Illustrations" report is awesome!
your customer service number is going straight to voicemail after a bit of static, shall the number?
thanks for picking up ur phone. Happy bday.. Hope u have fun.
Not walking in grace is not living out the Gospel.
fans are amazing! Congratualtions sweetie! You're trending!
People stop IDing! Im sure not 18!!!
IS GOING TO LIKE THAT(;
29% say they've stopped talking to someone because of politics!
Our #smoothies and juices are a favorite today! Must be this gorgeous day.
no man pants. Penis and I don't get along.
Yeah, I was quite surprised by that.
Had to leave a little early. Tell everyone I said bye and congrats!
Im done trying to get into a relationship. There all the same. Girls and guys in my grade need to get there shit straight!
you need to put a hat on it. for the sake of decency.
Hey guys I am developing a sketch comedy and would love Gotye and Kimbra to perform in pilot. Hit me up with contact. Lotsa love.
“: I just want the opportunity to speak from my heart, before it's too late, and you're no longer around.”
Thanks for the #WW love! :D
Is today your birthday? Happy birthday! Hope it's a wonderful day!
Listening The Greatest by RT Girl and Follow me please
Information wants to be free.....
I'm sorry, I can't hear you over the sound of how awesome I am. - Barney Stinson <3
It's a thing.
SEE YOU SUNDAY
Featured Snipper Jon Teets works for modeled collisions reads &
I just shook the hand of Mr. Neil Young ... pretty amazing
Oyola: After the 2006 sit-in, there was talk about a committee, but nothing happened. #KeepingOurPromises has this information.
so for real, how'd the weekend go?
haha im with ya. and change a few things :) maybe make sure that dang door stays shut in the hotel (;
That's likely. Just long enough for this year's textbooks to wear out!
""Hard to think dancin under flasing lights" lol thanks Alex for the song in my head :/
#FollowMeAlexConstancio please and make my night pretty please
Shout out to my newest followers , , , , Thanks for following! :D
I know I know
Nonstop hungries!!! Must be pregnant with Jesus. Or Antichrist if some myths are to be believed. Will keep you posted. Maybe just hungry
Be kind always
Nah, bro..the same 770 one.
Tonight is Ad2's December Happy Hour at - See you there at 6pm! All are welcome so bring a friend!
She knows her writing's not great, which is why it's almost too easy to trash it.
call it whatever you want as long as the manly facial hair is rep rep reppin'
50 years ago today, Mercury astronaut Alan Shepherd became the first American in space. Happy anniversary Alan.
Mitt Romney. Who is running on the premise that 30 million Americans should lose health care thinks the President may have bad stuff in mind
(MonnieHardjono1), thanks for following us on Twitter!
For those wondering - RT : Doing a controlled burn at the amphitheater today with the Milwaukee fire department.
Everyone go out & support the O'Connor soccer boys tonight!!
just set the dvr!
I enjoy taking classes from your actors studios and meeting agents at the seminars
So tired.
Do you enjoy sitting at Rittenhouse Square on a nice spring day? What's your favorite thing to do in the square? reply with
The mind is everything. What you think you become. - Buddha
just let me know #babycakes and im there!
RT Promising last 72 hours for
And I vote #downtownKC for the big farewell toast!
Smithsonian welcomes Discovery to space collection
I can't wait until Carrie Underwood comes out with a new album. Her voice is amazing!
ugh mommy
Followed ! :D
We just expanded our video web broadcasting team. Welcome Victoria Sanchez!
Wow, had Run-DMC's "Peter Piper" on when I started the "Take 5" vid. Gave me 1 nasty mash-up. Highly recommended.
Parents are "thinking about" whether they're going to come over for #vegan Thanksgiving. Maybe they're choosing meat over family.
Can you list 10 suburbs in the Washington metropolitan area that are nice places to live?
everything is changing...
Can't seem to function right
#DwightHoward is a moron if he passes up this opportunity to join the Him and #DerrickRose would win several rings...
Do publishers wearing marketing hats count?
what the heck are you watching right now?! SO RANDOM!
My Phone Died
My #BestFriend has over 20 years experience in the #BeautyIndustry and #HairCare Please follow her for great tips and advice
"Neon Moon" never gets old!!!!!
Pursuing the 10x rule full throttle beginning today. Success is guaranteed when I embrace the world with high octane energy!
Having the most awesome time right now.
Fuck. Broke my finger last night.
Cavanagh - the funder prescription is now becoming how to do the research & achieving particular outcomes.
Hard Drums and "Righteous Music" actually go together
In class wit my massuse Lets just say fun would be a sarcastic joke wen describin dis class
she could pre-CONCACAF... not sure her injury has healed to allow it since then...
What we had wasn't real, so I choose to believe I imagined it
#AmITheOnlyOneThat Thinks auto-tuning is whack!
Marilyn Monroe is so beautiful , I wish I looked like her :(
Watching Degrassi: Goes to Hollywood 's house but is not here.
I hate running into people from the past!
so weird...but oh well time to pick a new fav b-ball player since blocked me :( Derrick Rose maybe??
I know where you're coming from, but I can't cheat on Ray La Montagne ;) He's my every day & ultimate go-to slow song jammer.
Monday Night I have to flip between #DaBears and
Sophie you cant play with that ball all night lol
UGH i knew this would happen...that they would get jbieber-like fans. i just hoped it wouldnt happen this fast...but it did
"Woman is the companion of man, gifted with equal mental capacity." – Mohandas Karamchad Gandhi
It's party time tonight! vs Sac at 9:00 followed by live music from Duo!!
totally acceptable RT : R we supposed 2 B feeling the #eclipse yet? I'm way more tired than usual & need to blame something.
Sounds excellent! Toppings?
Must..get..."Call Me When You're Sober" by Evanescence out of my head.
I was rapedD :
you talk real slick, but can you back it up?
Probably the one and only time I absolutely could not finish a Taco Bell cheese quesadilla. Goodnight all.
I will definitely be a regular now ;)
thx for playing our tunes :)
Happy to have some new products on the shelf...cheers!
He Made My Day iNeeded That After All This Bullshieet I've Been Throughh In The Past 3 Days (:
Missed it last week because auditors were here. If I'd seen it I would've had a head start giving my Canadian friends a hard time!
they don't know and more importantly, they don't care.
"What...what i knit sweatass yo what what dont chance me *bleep* what? i didnt even swear" haha thug story-tswiftt
I mean, that's OSU saying, "hey, watch out for this asshole on twitter" not sure how to stop a random from tweeting a player
hope you have an amazing prom!
loops I meant food haha
Digital is the future; when will profit arrive?
wearing my moms gilly hicks sweater shh!
San Antonio it's been fun but back to Austin now. Be back soon to see my Spurs continue this streak.
I'm pretty sure #Community is the only show I watch religiously :/ I know we'll get a full 3rd season, but I'm still mad at you !
If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score? Vince Lombardi
German movement to Indiana?
true stops hype
Im sorry to hear that, its unfortunate that people can't stay out of other peoples business and can say such immature things
Interest in the 6/26 Cruise-In is spreading -- lots of neighborhood businesses will have information at the registration table -- go Foster!
"I really fucked it up this time, didn't I my dear"
Watching Laugh At My Pain and DYING. Kevin Hart is DEFINITELY one of the funniest dudes around. Wouldn't you agree ? :)
Well family guy till i fall asleep..
But I can't work for APS in that capacity without being an employee. The same way I can't teach in a classroom.
hate living in the UK , you too far away ): , pleasee follow me <3 ! 5
#ImThatPersonWho had their heart explode of love from seeing #Avengers ! has got me to the point where i tremble <3
I can only say this 6 more times #happyjerzyday at least 4 weeks from now it will finaly be
From tragedy comes rebirth.
Haha been waiting to use that one huh? RT : possibly, assuming that "MVP" stands for "Most Villainous Pansy"
each song was inspired by a different girl :) lol
4 for 4 on college crap, UofGeorgia, Clemson, Ole Miss, and Kentucky. Hell yeah!
Standing 10 feet from Justice at the
call me
you're hilarious. I love your tweets.
I love your smile :) LOL but I really do!!
tired I have to get up early to registrat for high school T__T and u =^__^=
We want to know how we can improve our #beer! Should we keep improving the old ones or give you new beers? How about a Chocolate Porter?
i enjoy happy dances
that's my girl.
A basketball team is like the five fingers on your hand. If you can get them all together, you have a fist. That's how I want you to play.
We are tracking a line of storms that may bring lightning, strong wind gusts & small hail. We are under the slight risk for severe weather.
Listening to tenderoni by; Bobby Brown on iheart radio
Whiskey Kitchen has great food, off of Broadway, turn between MacDonalds & Exon? on left, very friendly, great atmosphere
You ready for our big date tonight?
Let's Go Grizzzz! Come back strong!!
I am the mind eraser, anything goes.
Anyone in Hollywood want to come to Pilates with me!?
thanks for the shout-out! Glad you enjoy our sushi!
:) thanks. I teach 9,10,11 grade world I, world ii, and us history respectively.
$BVSN inching again...
Overheard at #catiie conference: "This conference has revolutionized how I plan to educate. Literally changed my life."
God bless Based God.
Heh. No pic but I'm sure I'll change my mind three more times before Sunday!
Waiting on what's approaching 20 hrs of rendering #timelapse footage. I guess that's what I get for shooting images at 5k, haha.
spending this Mother's Day with the best Mom in the world :)
This might take the cake. The Skins loss to the Saints was maybe worse but had nowhere near this at stake.
Child actress/model looking for open castings
right!? That just goes on the long list of reasons why I hate sitting the front:'(
if you don't talk to Couture about fighting boxer James Toney in 3 weeks, you suck a big one. Also, his son is fighting now.
So thankful that he came home safe. Best night in 6 months! Welcome home KWN!!
RT If you wish you were in Miami.. At Austin's PhotoShoot (; -Ally
also I didn't see any terrorists at all but I guess that's part of the joke
#twitterlesscyril is really good at flips and ridding the bench
#tigerwoods Let’s go Tiger!!! <3
I don't even think Gardy/others are solely responsible. But something's rotten in the org, and sometimes you just need to start over.
congrats on Del Potro's win today!
Good crowd for a program I presented today in Frankfort on Kurt Vonnegut and "Slaughterhouse-Five."
If you see no significant differences between Obama & Romney, you shouldn't vote for either of them. Why would you? (1 of 3)
looks like it's working now!
I can NOT change my profile pic... what is going on? I'm just trying to change it back to my old pic...size n format are right
Heading to Philly for a meeting. Not a bad view looking out these train windows...
"The degree of responsibility you take for your life determines how much change you can create in it.
Thanks for following bro !!
wait til the end, when there's a battle to the death and someone takes off everyone's head with a sword.
Awesome Q& A ... Thank you.. confidence has gone from 90% to 100% :)
isn't it just beautiful? They call it the PINK FULL MOON :)
so cold I should come on a cone!!!
im super happy about all the good things that have happened the last year...i went from being glued to the internet to making things happen
Rooms full of pretty people intimidate me.
Dame Kelly Holmes switches on London digital radio boost
Don't jinx us...
People in paper towel commercials are too stupid to breathe.
I promise I will make time to sleep one of these days. Just not today or any day in the foreseeable future
Thanks for tweeting about So Much 2 Say!
Just finished another amazing makeover segment with Clinton Kelly
Have a 97 in geography...he says all I have to do is pass the final and I'll get an A :)
As a liberal I'd like to take this opportunity to apologize to Rush #Limbaugh for making him say those things he said.
Keep up the followers! I love you guys. <3
Paying little attentions will help keep romance and the spirit if courtship alive in a relationship.
Time to get my groove on!!!
kobe hi-5ing justin timberlake is the best
Loll thanks :)
For sure!
would you prefer me to get fans chanting "Bey Bey" or "D-T"? Couldn't make up my mind today.
WHERE ARE YOU consider me
RT : ok lol! Let's go out for dinner! I get off at 6!
Thanks for the wonderful night testing out the new
I'm posted foo. Got me some Chinese food. Bout to make some beats
ite .. ima call u in a few & tell u
Like I Said , I Ain't Tryin' To Complain' BUT Damn .
That was 's thoughts on that.
Liz Lemon Wisdom: I reject Chris Brown's comeback!
No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any
I'm no better than anybody. I'm not even better than myself. ><
Even the most Scroogiest of Scrooges loves waffles.
Only a couple more days until ETC plays in Santa Cruz. 1/13, 7pm. Please come out and support us!
how are you ??x
people who contradict them selfs
Joe Six Pack #Obama2012 Pitch: If u would consider a phony elitist who even Republicans dont like after last guy shit canned the economy...
not when I live in Copenhagen, Denmark. Your service doesn't work here!
now and Czech Republic
John Cotton Dana~ Who dares to teach must never cease to learn.
... Someone is dangerously close to not getting a
I was the same way I'm hoping that they don't know my password
we are so alike!
Re:Recording for The Steve Conte Album!! WOO HOOO! Can't wait for the finished product :-)
Jim, have you ever played anything besides the radio? You're worse than Colin Cowherd with you criticisms!!!
Max Axiom for science lovers (graphic/comic, not chapter books),
Can't do it. Nevada new York Maine or rhode island.
Follow for the newest #HH in #DC!
#WhatILoveMost , The moment you realize you deserve better, and you'll be perfectly fine on your own. <3
this is what it's like when worlds collide!!
Congrats to SF Giant Tim Lincecum on being selected as the NL starting pitcher in Tuesday's All-Star Game in St. Louis!
Getting ready to head to the motorcycle expo
It's raining it's pouring! The old man is snoring! Happy Friday people :)
Deadly stabbing in Lakeside, 10 year old accused of killing 12 year old.
#lsuua LSU is manhandling Arkansas ...except on 3rd down. Cmon chavis! Stop waiting for the 2nd half to blitz!
Actually a 3rd book in series after "Doomsday Book" & "To Say Nothing of the Dog" which are good.Haven't read Blackout yet.
I did get my son into MMA and Jiu Jitsu so he and I go into class together as a mom and son team.
That made me COL (chuckle out loud)! ;)
My chest HURTS! Stupid gym!
Its that time of the year...What dance recital song are you tired of hearing year after year? (Even if you still use it yourself)!
Marching to lasalle and Jackson to wish the greedy corporate machine a happy commute
So long Alex Gonzalez. Thanks for the memories this year...oh wait.
First Day Of School = accomplished!(;
Come watch the #Broncos on one of our 50+ HD TV's
www.eartothere.com is being upgraded. We expect to be up and running within 36 hours.
put a sprinkler up on the roof if it gets too close. people do it during wildfires here.
Man, I wish. I miss the road. I'll let you know if I come across any cool bike tech stuff out here.
only on number 2 b because I was writing with my left hand
“: RT : RT : Pet parents will cut back on their own luxuries before cutting back on their pets!
That would be awesome! Maybe when we get back from LA! (after 4/22!) Wanna have "the goils" over for wine and noshes!
You are EXACTLY correct. Pierce should not be in the game.
#Brewers time.
you decided to share huh?
He's a butcher.
From a Cladrite Radio listener: You really got it going on! Trying to follow rag becoming dixieland becoming swing becoming big band--whew!
My 4 year old just saw your pic on my timeline and said BARBIE!
I have magic in my hang wanna see. Slaps you in face. Did you feel the magic. It always hurts the first time you use magic.
yea, I'm ashamed to say I've had an awkward college moment or two
heaven needs a phone:/ I need my uncle to talk to he used to help me through everything <' 3 ugh:/
Cinco de Mayo, Kentucky Derby & the sun in supposed to come out, can't think of a better reason to be at Tia's on a Saturday!
Starving & drunk. That pb&j didn't cut it.
RT Real Life is approachin when you done wit school..So does that mean we've been livin' a fake life?
agree. and respect should be earned not through "liking." thanks for sharing!
Yes there is. It's called
Excited for a little tennis match with the hubby after work...then going to Nectar in Osseo for live music from the fabulous Dustin Lee!
So glad we could help! We think you rock too!
Cool, I definitely recommend hanging out with La Barra Brava, Screaming Eagles and District Ultras if you like adult beverages.
Spent the last hour choosing fonts for my creative MS.
Just bought a classic, oversize, cable knit, cowl neck sweater at Best part? 50% off. AND it was already on sale!
I leave twitter where it's at... On TWITTER!
The wind blew smoke in my eye -_-
Holidays are coming, faster than I'd like!
sorry for your loss Jagger :(
In all honesty, even *I* wowed-out-loud when I saw it. EPIC SUPPORT RESPONSE IS EPIC.
Good morning!
I am not going to be home till sunday! I am going to a wedding!
New year, new resolutions to save $, but don't want to jeopardize your social life? Get the bartab application and never pay more than $1!
YES! YES! & Considering Vancouver if time permits!
Whats up my nig, Im going big!
From Fun stat: #Facebook could take 10% of cash on hand, stay private and give every single employee a $122,000 bonus.
Youth Pastors! is devoting ONE wknd this Summer to preparing your students for the challenges that await their faith in college
i'm coolin with my younginz *chief keef voice*
And I must tell you the the greatest singer of all time is Otis Redding!! Gone to soon!
“ Working on getting and on the team! Lets make big moves! More info coming soon...”
Nas State of Mind
I love when Michael takes me home! <3 Made my day better.
Looking for more hosts for ClimaX Sundays at Bar 721. If interested hit me up for all the details: facebook.com/DerrickHiggins
Sore throat & sniffly nose. Must remember not to trash immunity staying up too late with friends while traveling on business. Worth it 'tho
Taking color palette requests for Monday inspiration boards on the blog ... Anything you lovelies want to see?
the science desk has top five most viewed stories on npr.org...im in the mood to brag..
Anything less than Pierre McGuire for #Habs GM is a major letdown.
We are good getting ready to shoot a video in Monday for our new song "Feel So Good" EXCITED :D
tell him Brian...Rice snobbery
"Up to 75% Off Laser Toenail-Fungus Removal" C'mon Groupon, I don't want to see that in my inbox
Old enough to have a kid in college.
A day out of school and full of golf. I think so
Don't tell God how big your mountain is. Tell your mountain how big your God is.
retweeting like an sob tonight
hey sorry if I gave u the wrong impression...please done think me as a creepy person or a person who harrases other people
I have a trailer 4 sale in Edwardsburg, MI @ camp Wildwood resort if ny1 is interested send me a message & I will send U pics
nah not me but I will be an enthusiastic observer on the nopants performance of others ;)
that's it!
AAAHHH!!!! Apparently its a freakin' spider army!!! "Sparta prepare for glory!!" You shall die spider fiends
yea!!! I'm pumped we are doing this lady. How are we gonna get meliss on board?
Never want to go to hollister again
Has Jeremy #Lin come back down to earth after a big loss to the #Heat? For my part, I think it's all part of him becomes a regular.
ok well u gone have to keep intouch
Hahaha, oh man... My fries, sandwich & frosty were still amazing!!!
uses Beatles song in tonight's episode.
and I'm looking forward to your tweets as well. Life is wonderful.
tony ever hang with a guy named big frank at desmonds in nyc? He worked at pemier years ago by les halles? Thx
OMG! I fangilred because you follow me on here xD, Hope you're having a good week!
What is your favorite mixed drink?
i had results i cant find it.
Where do you live now? RT : Oh, I love Wish I lived in Old Town so I could go more often.
toronto brings in 3 runs texas down by 6
She said money made cum, isaid money make you dumb,Money hungry hoes they can neva get a crumb, neva save a freak
breakfast will never be the same
Knock KnockWho's there !Annetta !Annetta who ?Annetta joke like that and you're off this bus !
Cool! I'm excited!
Historically u were my biggest upset n the only thing I've ever regret In my life
So awesome!! #LoveHasNoGender <3 RT : "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama
please follow me! #neversaynever :)
did you like to have a werk
Fear not though, Corn Mo fans, we will re-book him as soon as his schedule will allow. Morning Show shall have its Mo.
You lie and kill in the service of liars and killers.
Wish Marilyn French were here today to see her title in lights.
Coming soon!! A 3bd/2ba fully furnished home for rent in Mill Valley this July for $5,000. Contact Foundation Rentals here on Twitter!
BMTH, Architects, Lostprophets and NFG, and even Arcia Strain, and more to come, fucking buzzing
Best wishes & good luck with new career You made an indelible mark in my life this past year. So proud to call you friend.
Loving what you do will only make it that much greater
lol middle finger to those chicks! When's your prom?
#coffee Monday at ? I'll get back with a time.
Holy crap! There is like nobody on the bus!
India buffet, not barriques for me
Dear Maggie, I love your hair in your icon and your really pretty. Tweet me and you seem nice! IB: Nick or Jason<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I tried to spoil her but she yelled at me not to and that was
you should do 2 things.. 1. ask why it is statutory. and 2. Start Believing in God.
U rock ma six!
hi Marisa. Your cousin David suggested that I follow you. Having a great dinner with his parents & him tonight!
do you tend to get more headaches the day after you run far? I do. Not sure where soreness/fatigue ends and where headache begins.
Why am I just now finding out about Trader Joe's wasabi flavored almonds?!
Is is RLIN or RLG? I've seen it now both ways...
Never have regrets, because at one point in your life, everything you did was exactly what you wanted.
do you have a link?
thank you for the invite (sincerely). It's just me and the Carlsons anyway....
Liberation is the key.
We're thinking of you, Marsi!
Tomorrow tomorrow I love you tomorrow your only a day away, or something like that
Time 2 get scrambled eggs/with tomatoes and turkey bacon
So crazy to think of Peyton as a Dolphin but I agree with Gradkowski...
I'm such a idiot but when I get myself together things will be right I guess I got to be rude and don't keep shit to myself
trace paper
And we have 110 followers! Woo!
Crashing on the couch so that I wake up in four hours
Ready for you to dazzle me with your pearls of wisdom darling...xoxo
Just got a great run in and great talk with
Herc hits again. I'll do it -
When you set your own light free, you become a veritable force of nature.
new background <3
Amazing weekend in Napa with the family. 's Bottega was divine, Farm House was also incredible. Favorite winery, Quintessa.
lol, good to know! Zeta Tau Alpha is the sorority, she's friends with all my sisters, so I'm assuming she was in Greek life
he just threw up in his seat and the dude eatin behind him has no idea
Sorry, I was in an all-day meeting.
Busy weekend ahead! Board of Trustees Meeting, Honors Convocation, Dinner with 12 Panthers, Alumni Board Meeting and Pink the Pete!
I know it's horrible I'm just now starting I feel awful about it :(
i brush my teeth so much my mouth feels like it hates me. 'least my teeth are pretty bright for a kid who doesnt regularly goto the dentist!
poorly contrived list-cool looking stadium yes. But do you really like the atmoshphere there more than the "tailgating" at MP???
lol you stupid we dont have time for no games
right on! Im bringing my gear so ima help you in some boxing and ground game!
Below The Brim is steel designing & redesigning its scene for animation
wsup on that lmfao joint you needed work on?
slash buy Mountain Lion when that comes out slash also buy a mouse 'cuz come on I'm not WASDing with a touchpad, srsly I have demons to hunt
True change, ultimately the discovery of new lands will happen only when we give up control over what is not working for us.
who is going to Kegs with Legs tonight?!
RT : Oh, good. I was afraid Madonna was actually going to sing at half time.
fyi, i'm still embarrassed to buy tampons and condoms. especially at the same time.
how bout this senior seminar jury duty
Today's BTU inspiration: "To truly love another, you must first fall in love with yourself." ~Be Truly You
well i hope they can't find you that far away then!
I just want to put this idea out there. Hunger Games dolls. Hunger Games is MY Twililght.
is so lucky to be working with Cerris Morgan-Moyer What a talent! What a lady!
Got a cold beer and a perfectly rolled dutch...
back to school... of rock
#Lakers getting completely outworked. Again. Kobe can't do it all on his own.. especially that sick.
so very true. Hope all is well!
Kind of scares me that our players from last year are tweeting pictures of riding in a Bentley and goin on talk shows. NCAA will eat that up
aw that's great! Good for u! :) have a good day!! :)
#yougottaberealspecial If I dream about you
don't you also love how these shows place a name brand pc in it but when goes to screen its running some form of Linux?
oh good. The Flyers defense is back.
what is GFlash+ ?
Can't Tim Tebow pray for this to end or something? Where is he when you need Jesus to do the world a favor?
check your DMS
rican smfh whatd you get???:p
There's more than #wine at Lifestyle companies will be there too! , , , !
I look forward to it! :)
Ok diggy simmons
The only thing worse than a cold toilet seat is a warm one.
Thank you very much! I am already working on a new one. If I could only act. lol
by the way... We met 4 months and 12 hours ago.... That's insane
I can't seem to wean myself from my Levenger circa day planner.
#vsa2011 NON-Visitor studies! Learning about audiences that are not your museum's usual constituency.
Please follow me :)
This will actually cost taxpayers more money because the state is not competing with anyone else on these projects.
Design is FREEDOM.
my fav color is PURPLE
oh you know who.
#SXSW Waitin on that performance tonight!
Sodomy & foot fetishes: the topics of #LGBT Lit, according to a faculty member. His reasons why LGBT Lit should not be taught
Bucks support "Wish I could b at the BC to watch the Bucks move into 8th. Show monta-drew-bj-and the rest of the deers love"
Hey Candance! So glad to be connected here!
Doing extreme yoga when u get that itch on ur back u just can't reach
find me for your sticker!
goodnight, Dylan (:
Got the flu shot two hours ago. Didn't feel the needle but the stories about extra soreness this year are legit.
Getting at to reply is like trying to jump off a building and fly, unless of course you had there with a jetpack!
Enterprise Analytics just became 30% of my job. Oracle and SAS... Here's hoping I find time to look into Enterprise #LinkedData approaches.
ugh May! i told her not 2 touch my fone. (thats my 13 year old cuz)
And I've exhausted by tweetivity for the day.
hm, five I think.
Stoop kid's afraid to leave his stoop!
I get sick sometimes & no. I'm not dizzy. Lol. I guess I'm just lucky? x
Woman+smoking=
Thanks - and thanks for raising the bandwidth issue.
sure but say goodbye to Gibson, Asik, etc
There's no limit to the amount of Sriracha Sauce you can use. On everything.
I. Think everyone needs to take a break click the link on my profile and just go crazy with shopping fever
oh hey
also wrote novels while stationed on Sullivan's Island, SC
Hey there, ! Nice to see you on here!
haha, lies! It's a toss up between you, an punk. SUCK IT. XD
there was no music express at the carnival D:
in they face?! Lmaooo
TEN??? girrl you're smart!
what you talking about? The truck guy? Late reply! :p
Thumbs up
“Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.”
"bits go in, bits go out, question / answer style. mostly text.", unless you need something more specific?
10 feline medical research grants awarded by Winn Feline Foundation Projects selected include research in cats with cardiovascular diseas
New beginings new opportunities...New way of someone stealing my heart <U+2606><U+2661><U+2606>
Charles you have a wonderful website, thank you for sharing. Looking forward to your tweets.
& while there's no desktop app, I know oneNote can save directly to skydrive as an option.
probably can't include them all (diversity of voices, you know), so send your faves, OK?
STILL POPPED!
I have to drive home in a storm. Excuse me, I didn't sign up for this.
Reading like hell@
When I text you,I miss you. If I don't,I'm waiting for you to miss me.
Hey Rach! We need to catch up sooner than later. See what is up -post SXSW and all...
just another loss. you think i would be used to this by now. oh well. lets get em tuesday.
lol I don't want to get you sickths
DON,T FORGET WHO U ARE WHEN U LEAVE THE MIRROR Hm
watch suns, and american top model :-)
Hope everyones weeks going well!
Omgomgomg. Can't wait for #RHONJ. Counting down the days for the madness. And SO happy that is back.
Nobody has a perfect life. Everybody has their own problems. Some people just know how to deal with it in a perfect way.
Tornados in NYC area? I don't know, looks like global warming to me!
it's actually not. But thank you for giving us a shout out.
"This place isn't When Harry Met Sally it's When Harry Met Salmonella" -Max The Best Episode Yet!
Words can't explain how much I hate you.
lets regroup. I got some parties comin up
Manic Panic!!!
If you have an iPhone or iOS device, don't buy Rockband, it expires May 31 despite costing $4.99
My own creations. I will probably post a link to one of them sometime today.
congrats lady!
Wat do u wanna give a gift to her??
Love tv :3
Finally, lots of bird calls, is it the beginning of our belated Spring in Portland?
any idea how to get ahold of the police in a nonemergency when they don't answer at there nonemergency number?
I was there for that!:b
Gotta love presidents day
' NCAA 2012 football game features a “Mascot Mashup.” Which mascot do you think would make the best football player?
I'm so bored, I can't even think right. v.v
Look, at this point I don't care if "people are saying nasty things" or "spreading rumors about me." Just stop spamming me please.
I think he might be two sorcerers.
Working on filling my Fire Island Pines house with housemates and looking for a job as a set dresser on a film or in television.
Tip #73: Never give in...one chip is enough to win!
I sure hope my back stop hurting before tonight so I can step out
like spaceflight, 80% will throw up the first time.
I just got an Ipad! Anyone recommend any Apps for it (Iphone users included)?
RT : Just got off a call with the weather. Tried to get optimal weather for everyone but for now this will have to...
119 followers! Thank you! :)
Had a blast doing this interview about online business with my pal Yolanda. She's all about no nonsense advice for women in biz, if you...
Imagine for a second, if you dare, what the right would do to Obama if he rewrote the bible or asked kids 2?faith. #WarOnReligion my ass.
Personal branding follows the old adage - write what you know.
Some people tell me I should try to get my song played on Christian or religious radio stations also because it's very spiritual.
this Christmas only get 3 presents we forget the meaning of Christmas is to give to others, not ourselves
Looks awesome. We'll have to check it out. Maybe there is a story worth telling somewhere in there.
140 Followers! Can you get us to 150 by tomorrow? ;]
I don't think I will. I think it would make me cry and the images would burn themselves in my brain. I just don't need that. :)
Please RT if you know any elementary school teachers or children's librarians looking for a cool, free website: www.brianpcleary.com
You're welcome ! We're opening up very soon at 953 W. Diversey in Lincoln Park - next to the Diversey Brown Line stop. Hungry?
it's cinqo de mayo, I guess I should join a frat and drink enough tequila to act like a total jackass.
its pretty pathetic, then again everybody could use a few hundred bucks, lmao.
Seems like im the only one in this relationship. ready 2 let go.
it will happen soon! <3
Game recognize game and you lookin unfamiliar Lmao
WELL MY DAY JUST GOT BETTER.
Follow he's fucking awesome,true belibers(boy belibers Australia)
You know you're traveling to the same places a lot when you know your gate attendant. lol
My history teacher has been talking for the last 40 minutes. I haves no idea what he talking about
Thank you for the follow!
We got our stickers back from the printer! They look great. You can pick them up at for free to stick around town.
Saturday brunch faves?
not true. I'm proof. Much much love. *Tweeting my ass off tonight*
It was the sweet voice of ! RT : I just heard an awesome ad on the radio!
heard there's a panel on Sunday on how to create ur own Star Wars costume - u speaking???
Got to the dmv 5 mins before it opened and there were no less than 100 people in line. Guess I'm gonna have to get up even earlier Monday :(
We're heading into a reception now, we'll be back in an hour with Amy Goodman!
If I told you they were bumping Geto Boys at the pub in 30th Street Station would you believe me?
Remember we also do video production and sound for film/tv... Call us for more information... (678) 653-1883
They are going HAM in the Staple Center Tonight! Is it a FULL MOON or something!!!
love you xoxo goodnight (:
Doc rivers signs extension with #celtics for 5 years
Supper: grilled cheese with bacon on.the panini maker. Yum.
it is available as e-book for libraries though on e-brary, EBL, and EBSCOhost so your library could order it.
A real woman may slip up once & give an undeserving man the pussy but best believe he'll never get a taste of it again.
nuts! people are fanatical about bacon. :)
Guess who's the beautiful girl in my icon.
RT : Brain overload<< same here, that's y I'm laying in the bed doing nothing lol
Helpful when explaining NPS to clients RT : Delicious: 10 Things to Know about Net Promoter Scores and the User Experience:...
I love it.. it gets everything I miss.
Hales: "Strange spectacle" of using training as an excuse for police shooting
completed her food and exercise diary for 05/15/2012
Daniel Lamarre in Chicago. Key to success: R&D, collaboration and keeping up with trends. So simple!
Ignore them, Mike. They are idiots. Please stop aknowledgeing them.
We Rachaels must stay together :) Even tho its spelled different. :)
thanks for the S/O!
Ah almost time for bed #tiredasfuck #goodnightdanville <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
yup! must be losing all my hair and clogging the drains.
are you watching glee this season?
It's like the record editing rabbit hole. One record points to two more that need work...and those to more...and more...sigh.
I CALL MA X FUCK FACE lol.
Thank you!
For years, holistic experts have understood what mainstream medicine overlooks: pH imbalance = negative effect on health.
Manic Panic :)
Dude I lost my best friend!!!! Aka Chels o.O
Spring Break...BEST invention EVER!!! Have a great Tuesday PLN!
Oxtail Poutine at the #Flatiron Truck 2 nite @ LAX. LA food does not suck.
still working hard in las vegas been working for 18 hours i am a 25 year old construction business owner
and "our" point doesn't invalidate yours - reviews that seem (or are) fake don't help an app
sac state student here! you are all amazing! i'm close by, does anyone need anything?!
that is awesome! Glad they are having a good time! Were Kylie and Alvaro happy?!?
Ego Boost
aw yeaahh ;) thatd be the coolest job ever
I'm good with the sushi. Vamps are a little played out and I hear bmws break down to much... O_o
Just had a great discussion today in the Afternoon Book Club - Frankenstein by Mary Shelley!
The freestyle Friday battle is gon be be MAD crazy cause' of cause' he go hard!!!
yes please fran stop it !
Nigga need to put together a super team of rappers on some avengers type shit
Trouble, trouble. Always (:
Is it just me?
in class waiting for 8!
Oh c'mon...Josh is AMAZING. Not to worry...Skylar will have a deal TOMORROW & she'll pick up right where JoDee Messina left off.
You cheer for your local team, the defending champs.
Inclination to pursue teaching grows stronger;we cannot effect change if we're ignorant of and unable to analyze our past (&present)
is good at an Australian accent. XD
Amazing I'm sure-what did you have?
Deleted like all my old old old DM's; took F O R E V E R.
of course. People should never stay in an abusive marriage.
beautiful story, thanks for posting. In 2001 I visited the site in Fair Lawn while I was working on photofinishing projects.
I love when I see any empty shopping cart in the middle of nowhere- it makes me think that a homeless person found a home!
good to hear you're ok
we on the Same mission, just a different grind
lol ant nun funny abt free bands
If someone buys your kid a Mr Potato head it's because they don't like you. So many F@#KING pieces to step on.
RT The Republican party has learned the lesson of Titanic, and so its motto is "women and children last."
It may amaze some people at how many people go into making concerts and shows take place.
There it is: the Blade Runner love scene. Love transcends inception dates.
Hah, same here.
Getting ready for Blow Pony!
Hey Boys why dont you have a signing everywhere else but Florida!
Hello????? I always thought that was self-explanatory.
Worst nightmare realized: spilled tea on my laptop, now it won't turn back on. Gonna let it dry out and hope for the best. Pray for Toshiba.
and O-M-G.
I dozed off and my cat got right up in face concerned I was ok, but really he just wanted more cat treats
One option for Internet access at Seattle convention center, $99 per day.
are you sick to<3
Awesome Idol talent this year! Love your voice, too!
Happy Mama's Day to my wonderful mom and to all the mothers out there! :)
what's up my Family Feud playing friend:-) no clue how twitter works btw.
re: promo items>suggest something that reflects your brand. can be of great help to you.....
We apologize for any inconvenience. If you require seating, please feel free to tweet us or ask for assistance. Mahalo!
i do it all the time...so i hope not.
thanks to the editor on a day where the market is getting crushed we are still able to make profits...
Happy Ash Wednesday!!! I love the representation of today and the 40more to come
Our Regular Price is $97 for our entire study course including FREE bonus materials and unlimited lifetime updates
shipment is in, I'm so excited! I can't wait to sip on that beautiful 03' Aria, M... M...
The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you.
Capped off a busy day by serving dinner at with staff.
Why are you looking at me like that...
The groom has arrived and the rain is falling!
#Kansas had no business being in that game... Great season, fun run thru tourney... KU had their chance to steal that one too
State Fair Foods. This won't end well.
Found Dirtying Young Minds in B115! Come join us in a great discussion!
Fountain Hills community leaders attending "Branding" workshop. How do visitors & residents perceive FH? How do we wish to be perceived?...
oh yeah, met the sax player thirty years ago (!) at WBCN in Boston. Old friend. Taking my 17 yr. old son tonight.
Im getting rhodes to. and make him bleed out
Ive thought myself out of happiness one million times but never once into it.
IU is 6-0, who's gonna come catch tomorrows game here vs NC State?
Fashion Week TikiDolls,let's be extra #FAB and remember our founders! (: Viva La Fashionista!
the world would be a better place if we had more costume #events :) Isn't Halfway to Halloween coming up soon?
Woo! I was right haha. Have you heard of ? He was in a few jb music vid concepts and makes music :D a sweetie
Goodnight Twitter be safe cuz everybody dying out here
serious your being fooled just cause you have pictures with artist doesn't mean you had anything to do with them keep it a hundred wit us!!
we're actually out butdo have a special fruit dough! New batch of the chocolate PB banana tomorrow though :)
eLearning can be a lonely experience. Online group training, like web.alive, is more fun. at ISPI-FRC in Denver.
Power outage. Good thing I have the flashlight app for my phone cuz I don't think I own a real one.
but do you have Excel 2010?
shut up lol
Guy is a competitor! Good to see him pitching well again
xo - miss you!
I'm just far enough away to catch wind of the antics, but not get involved in them. It's neat.
crazy night...
Come to California, soon.
LOL, u are the bestest, Katie! :-)
I love you :) please follow me, it would mean the world to me !!
Wonderful parade and ceremony on Monday. Happy to have been involved. Hope to see a lot of new faces at the theatre.
Facebook Fan Thank You Special! 25% off entire check between 4pm - 6pm. Must be seated by 6pm. Mention Facebook Fan.
#boardwalkempire... one word: amazing!
Opportunity is just success looking for a place to happen. -Greg Hickman
Who is Derek?
Oh I know I shouldn't like it but I think I kinda like it all this fighting over me ;))
I know I done said this before but ima say it again fuck friends
good luck to you too!
oh I'm sure happy birthday anyway
"We are what we repeatedly do; excellence is therefore not an act but a habit." - Aristotle To freshen Restroom, Fast, use Mouthwash/Wcloth
This is really close. Bumgarner and Cain canled each other out. The rest of the deal depends on need..I'd lean towards doing it.
Is it just me or does Jaromir Jagr look a hell of a lot like Razor Ramon these days?
love you too<3
My #Spurs Play Tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2764>
It's time for some new songs on my iPod
yeah not with Barajas on base. Bad bunt by Barmes too RT : dumb decision though
you are so cool, hip, and fun!
I'm obsessed with you baby.
erm what?we should tweet "rip belieber elizabeth" to show our respect while you beliebers were HAPPY that another caitlin than beatles died?
Anything above, say, Saginaw, is above the first knuckle and therefore open for mockery.
It just might be, but that would be years off.
Not bringing guitar to language arts today...don't know song well enough yet. And my crush kind of put me in a bad mood...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
And sigh.....someone at work let me know that OK is the reddest state in the nation. Thanks for telling me something I didn't know
Passing your kindness forward is a transcendental action, one which provides the giver and the receiver with a greater sense of being...
Know of any good sublet apt. deal in NYC Hell's Kitchen or theater district for couple starting in August, 9 mos.-1 yr. or so? DM me if so.
#trueblood quotes "He's on a vacation with Jesus"
How are they thrown under the bus? They're using the larger locations for the event. Ones with big, air-conditioned rooms.
I use to ride that part of Montezuma Rd in High School. Scary then; Scary now.
Anyone in the dating "how to" niche going to #asw12? Let's connect!
what u drinkin?
Maybe, just once, someone will call me 'Sir' without adding, 'You're making a scene.'
People of substance always carry a wealth of details in the nuances of their creative analysis!
you really have no idea how much I love you dammit! I'm watching hot in Cleveland right now.
Hi! I hope you're doing well! :) We're tracking tonight. We'll get you music super soon!
Obama drives his message, pushed limits
...and 14 years since Dharma & Greg aired their "sex in public during the Seinfeld finale" episode...
Good Morning!!!
Damn. Marlins lose 3-2 to the Pirates.
Great advice!
oh I hear ya, but way worth it RT“: minor beer headache for me”
i just sent u something sarah....is the email the same?
When shopping for your next new vehicle, check out the #MelloyDodge reviews, covering current & late model Dodge & Ram automobiles.
lol its Playlist live!!You should go!!Get me his autograph if you go!!:)
I wish
When one door opens, another one closes,and while some people dwell on the closed door, others notice the opened window.
Thanks I took that photo last night
new music again and again
he surprised me after Marine Corps Bday Ball... After I spent entire nite saying "Theres no ring on my finger. I'm a free agent"
You're everything I've dreamed of having
@ serenity's?
I'll be keeping an eye on this story. I love my Nook Tablet.
only respond with something
in the studio got sum fire
no problem! :)
“: Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak--and to sit down and listen - Winston Churchill”
Oh, yeah! happy Pandora morning. Will you teach me how to Dougie?
's Shore Store" May 19th, 2012 at 1084 Morris Park Ave., Bronx ..
Gotta get ready for the morning show! ;)
really? Im sorry. He hasn't said anything to me haha
Apple Mac iOS5 Assistant. Super Cool!!
When couples call each other baby and babe contantly, I want to throw them off a bridge
I did not get enough sleep to deal with this bullshit.
honesty is the way to go
There will be exactly 12 hours of daylight today. "Spring" begins on Tuesday. Summer weather moved in last week!
What was your favorite memory of 2011?
will you drive with me to lubbock to see wcar omm mmi and texas in july?
Hey *if* I was affected? Great comprehension skills. Do you code with that mind too?
I'm sure MLK's dream was for one day out of the year we celebrate his legacy with an extra 10% off at Sears
Thanks Clare!!!
happy birthday! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
thank u so much(: Ti Amo to you to
Damn dude! Who the fuck told you that u could DJ?
(Hales Corners) Crash might be at 92nd & Grange
JUNE SPECIALS: *Deluxe 60minutes $95 *Ultra Month unlimited $120 *Executive Month unlimited $95 *Premium Month unlimited $70
Everything you want is out there waiting for you to ask
#Milwaukee PD and FD investigating possible pipe bomb found at 2nd and Wells. We are live at 5am.
A bit strange not to be running/training 2day. Thrilled to have finished the RNR Marathon yesterday!! Will start running again soon.
What did you get for number 14? Really? I got something different and I know I'm right...
Thanks much for the #FF. Have a great holiday and think of us northeners when the snow starts to fall.
Headed to Sea Ranch today woo woo!
Phone fucked up
lol RT yeah I know I know !
hey check your DM's...
I just sent a ninja your way with instructions to give you a hug. If you don't notice when it happens, it's ok- he's a ninja.
can i get a follow back ?(:
We have extended our Black Friday Sale on beer pouch sweats, $10 off at www.brewcityonline.com
- great article!
Yes it is, with Angostura Orange Bitters added, found in a cocktail book from 1900, Modern American Drinks.
Just LOVE how playful #DWTS is this season! That was awesome!
Donors make PDX/Vanc community strong with $22 million via United Way. #uwcelebration. Thnx to all
thanks for the Mojo bars! I ate one for lunch today! Great show. Nice to see you too.
G'day ^Scott. Generally after producing a certain # of lines w/ #linetool it crashes. Recently rebuilt my PC for
I wonder if it's the same one. Did it come in a blue ragboard box?
Arms are jello after fusion, not sure I'll survive crossfit tonight. In other news, I wish fusion had more fans in their studio, yikes
Nippy day and I love it!!!!
what is hash exactly?
Check out Swagnet, they have a cool and refreshing site that fills your fashion sense
Looks like a good beer and blasting is my new cooking ritual. Panko-crusted chicken breasts isnt very rock-n-roll tho.
RIGHT when I'm about to turn my phone off tweets an attractive picture of Liam.
don't worry i dont wanna text you either.
lol. I swear some of these fans are so immature Dyl should buy them some diapers or something.
you know it congrats!
Grades are up!? Time to see how my hardwork paid off
black ones looked like Baylors - we know how that turned out for them - so I'll go with Orange
Another episode & your 1st marriage proposal. Me:Let’s go ahead & run a credit check while we wait for the fingerprints.
Just blinking across the top....occasionally stop with one light
RT 'Retweet' this post if weight loss is your New Years Resolution for 2011!!!!
Feature request: filter to never (ever) show me fulfilled results. Ever. Ever.
follow me please... thats my biggest #DREAM <U+2665>
A1: 3/4 to savings, the rest in my spending account for #Vegas next month!
I need a cellphone with a flash.
I'm laying in bed still just lookin at it... n I'm thinking I'm just gunna have to pack it back up n a couple months.
You think the guy you like is flirting with you but when he acts the same with every other girl it changes everything!
Mei-Ann Chen just took the podium at First TN Bank Women's Initiative meeting! Mphs Symphony Orchestra
The whole point of conservative activism is to get conservatives elected. Don't get distracted, do work.
Wat to call it
My bathroom mirror is the gayest object in existence.
have fun :)
by the time I'm on to a meme it's almost over so hurry ;)
what a Fucking body!! Doesn't get better than that!
Love that we get to open the windows today, but I'm going to regret it when all the loud-mouthed neighbors come out...
I cannot wait to see what is going to WOW us with this year #2012 I love you cody!!
you gave us many memories in Denver and alot of ppl are mad but i thank you for that Melo!. I aint mad at cha(Tupac Voice)
I'll paraphrase Generico from the last PPV you did in Toronto (and it actually WORKED!) "REFUND....NOW!"
I watched this one! That girl didn't deserve to win anything if you ask me
Q: What do you get if Bach dies and is reincarnated as twins? A: A pair of Re-bachs.
u are very thoughtful Kim
To download the special booklet celebrating the 100th anniversary of Imi<U+0092>s birth, click here
Congratulations to Mark Zuckerberg as #Facebook starts trading this morning at the
i'm not going skiing w/ nobody black people and snow don't mix . send me to Jamaica and i'll be happy :D
Happy New Year to you too! Look forward to a great 2012!
I think you should cast non-celebrities vs celebrities, I'll take them all down ;)
Too funny -
LOL..you're funny! Cyberspace...meaning Twitter! Sleeping with rockstars? Are u in Hollywood?
Have a Firehook Bakery Croissant for breakfast!! It's an all butter crescent shaped croissant made from scratch-delicious!
i like women like my cash no wrinkles.and worth somthin to not just me but to herself . Not like credit cards cause they are just plastic
Allright sweethearts, Im going of to bed \O
Yes true but all the movies out are terrible! I'll think of something... I've cleaned and organized the heck out of my house. :)
Things slightly askew
Looking for a good (weekly, non-platform specific, non-rambling) tech news podcast. Help me, Internet.
its great as always. dont you miss your 360 at all?
Even if u dnt fuck with Baseball (which is CRAZY to me (but whtever) u gotta Love the New York & Boston rivalry....
crying seems to be more of a trend now a dayss .. /:
Real men know that "love" is NEVER a dirty word!
I need a spa day. Like a FULL day. Going from treatment to relaxing, rejuvenating treatment.
How bout them Astros...
I will never take a Fox Sports Network channel seriously until they get rid of the lame NFL Robot.
Hey you. I miss you:
The road to success is uphill all the way.
If you gotta ask, you’ll never know. ~Louis Armstrong, when asked what is jazz
Wutz up gorgeous?
Just fabulous! Think I tinkled a lil' on crotch swatches.
Organoderma beverages cleanse toxins from the body aiding in weight loss.Good for you and tasty too!Check out my website.
please stop snorting your pet.
tighten up, you ain't saying shit; you and your boy ain't nun.
omfg you idiot.
OMC's "How Bizaare" has played twice today in places ive went. I swear if I hear LEN next im Going to run out oh here screaming
The mobile guide for iPhone is live! Just download free ici app, then select FiberPhiladelphia channel.
((: Cheer me Up Cutiee
so glad to hear! What did you have?
pshh i'm not scared of you guys
. Could you repeat that please?
Sounds like you're an outstanding host & tour guide!
That's an impressive level of discipline (limiting it to once a year) -- but 'tis the season! Enjoy!!
happy birthday :) !
hi every 1
Markets are running on empty now. New commitments hard to make on the long side for the pros.
what's the spot for Monday???
OH THANKZ FOR REMINDING ME!
I come alive in the night time.
movies with my bruderr:)
i know you are..i don't take offense to anything..Im sarcastic
Wow i'm so bored in jazz band. We have good players its just really boring. Well the bell is going to ring
Since looks to have the party's nod, can we seriously talk about the slogan #mittstheshit —am I the only one who wants tshirts?
I don't know what happens in the time between awaking up and coffee...gray area.
: what are the dream projects we would like to see in digital literary studies?
“: aw... def wish you were there!! :(” would've loved to see Trista!
You need to have a show dealing with PTSD from DV and some type of financial settlement from the abuser
hell yea lol has too I can't do it to one of those acne hair not done bitches I want someone lookin good befor and after
The new Passion Pit single doesn't have anything resembling a hook and the lyrics are even worse. It's like radio Kryptonite.
: ===> Yes. What is your latest cool new store/restaurant?”
I had a Fat Tire in your honor.
Goin to da animal shelter with
Fans of The Artist and our particular brand of comedy... do yourselves a favor and go watch the OSS 117 movies on Netflix right now.
Human dignity and freedom not measured by western standards and metrics. - #ideation12 Agreed! Let's move 4rm cultural imperialism
Thank u . Can u wait for November 2012????
Fighting Illini are Fighting IRRELEVANCY! The fball and bball situations aren't just biggest embarrassments in Big10 but ENTIRE COUNTRY!
you already know shawty
#storagewars makes me want to do
so i was showing my host fam all of my friends on FB and they called you a "Zanahoria", i guess theres not many red heads here lol
ok what about Out of time with Denzel Washington
Learning About Dual Diagnosis Treatment Centers In Illinois ...
ILL FOLLOW HIM BUT YOU WILL HAVE TO FOLLOW ME.
Sometimes obstacles are God's way of making us prove to Him that we are ready for the things that we pray for!
I did! It was so amazing! I had friends that were there & got them to text location.
all day, e're day.
"TBS. Very Funny"...oh wait...minus the fact that George Lopez is on there.
": I <3 Black people" Why can't everyone?
thanks sister!
You're one attractive old lady, Steven Tyler.
it is drizzling now- how about you? We really can't complain when Denver has 12 inches of snow!
I tweeted that a million times. but it was a while ago?when's the last recent tweet you've seen that im single
word. I have two seats saved for you. Front and center.
Thinking about which new artist to feature in our gallery... any suggestions?
Haha, I'm always kidding with my predictions...happy thanksgiving, Go Ravens!!
ok but you have to buy ;-)
I woke up one day and didn't like kmfdm anymore. New Opeth is almighty. Drinks soon
it would be so nice if you would just erase from my mind completely.
but seriously your beautiful && we do need to hangout more!
what time does the party start ? Lol
Likewise! Pleasure to meet you. Hope you had a good time in the Duke City!
Adele looks fantastic!!
It does, but it (apparently, I haven't read it) has poor writing, tortured relationships and bad sex scenes.
All my hope is on Michigan State to WiN it ALL!
we sure do hope you're enjoying those brewskies, Mike. Be warned, horniness may occur ;)
You know that little indestructible black box that is used on planes, why can't they make the whole plane out of the same substance?
wht does that do?
Shock. Disbelief. Sorrow. Life is short and tomorrow is never promised. R.I.P.
Update: the Lexus Xmas commercial jingle/song is still in my head. On repeat.
One of our songs is being featured as one of the Top 11 Songs of 2011 on ! Check it out
Us, DUH lol
Call 800-200-TAXI to get a free ride in DC thru 12/31 so if you're super cheap have a few today call them and say you live at the airport.
I feel like crying :c
st. patty's day is this saturday? great. best excuse to stay home ever.
35-30, they leading RT : Somebody tell me the score since I'm at work
Why thank you dear! I've got turquoise shoes on too! I was going full-out color-blocking. ha!
it's all in your head. Be numb, that's all. Don't think about any of it because once you do, you get sad.
Downtown lovin tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
dear remote desktop, kcuf your selective disconnect!
When your ex says,"You'll never find anyone like me." Reply with, "That's the point!"
great!the only thing u have to is edit a pic of u sayin anything u would like.(:&when u r done with it tweet it to me..(:
I love you :)
Follow Me and Help to defeat sponsor of the #Keystonexl legislation
Hey gurl la la la la gurl wanna play ah ah
Need about 60 #nola themed Christmas snail-mail cards, going to hit Magazine. Any suggestions?
Great, Good luck!
I whent to downtown with socks, and came back with none :(
Someone #downtown tried to give me a #sandwich. I said "I'm not #homeless I'm a #hipster."
Awhhh i love turtles lol : D
Spring break sure felt like only a weekend..
RT : Hallmark Creative Internships - app deadline 3/1! Tell your friends...
Apologies for the abrupt end to the Bronson trial tweets. Phone & laptop reception pooped out in the middle of husband's testimony.
Once again, it snows on spring break. Shit.
As long as it's not Jayson Williams I think we're OK.....
I always knew he was gay.
Sure thing! I'll DM you her # ;)
waiting for the DM at the Fashion Show mall Apple store!
yeah for sure :)
My friend just delivered me my pamperedchef delivery with a wopping 20% discount. I could never cook without their stoneware again.
Great Weekend! RT : Good win Lakers im cool now Lakers and Mayweather got wins off
I'm pretty sure she hid my baby's blankie... he deserved it though
Sorry, couldnt resist taking that out of context.
Just joined with Twitter this is cool :)
Third Temptation of Paris<U+2665>
Unfortunately for my husband, who has a concert tonight, I'm the kind of wife who irons wrinkles *into* shirts.
Just signed up for another project!
Air show in 2 mins finna kill it go 2 radio school .com and click Arlington location Dallas stand up !!!
I do... lol that's why i'm so busy
yea love you considered Redbone!
CAPS LOCK DOESN'T AFFECT PUNCTUATION SO WE'RE ALL GOOD! (AND @ MENTIONS AREN'T CASE SENSITIVE EITHER LOOKS LIKE)
Edgy Hair Salon Dubstep
Mary Wortley Montagu~ Life is too short for a long story.
More of a walking picnic, aka the Bánh mì sandwich. To quote Sam Spade, it was the stuff that dreams are made of.
I know what you're saying. :P
A ministry helps people find and stay in homes in Garfield - Pittsburgh Post-Gazette via
This article gets it wrong. Racism is structural &systemic. It is the combo of prejudice + power.
Celebratory cake at the office made me feel like superman staring down some kryptonite
ugh lmaooo I had to go correct that
In Vegas for the day but no Nov 9 or football for me--just househunting :(
God, I have the biggest #girlcrush ever on Mathai.
Start out buying diapers in smaller quantities. Make sure to find a good fit & remember newborns get bigger quickly.
Today is going to be a lazy Friday!!!
What is beez in the trap even about?
Oh boy November is turning out to be a west coast travel filled month. SFO, PDX, and SEA.
Mavericks were down 15 going into the 4th...they now lead by 7
the partí wad Boeing because I wasn't their baby girl!!
The hallway smells like biofreeze.
Uh oh.
why isn't there a dr. strange in #NYC?
done and done
Eighty percent of 10 year old girls in the USA go on a diet
I'm a bacontarian.
Did i miss sum??!! RT : Bay need to hurry up and call me back! Smh My joe my joe *Evette Voice* lol
sorry, credit to for showing me this.
Sending love from North Carolina. You make us so proud!!!
Ha! RT : "Women should declare themselves corporations so Republicans will stop trying to regulate us."
Please!“: I volunteer to be the gay Siri on the new iPhone. "OOH GURL! You're lost AND late. Pull over so we can have a drink!"”
In a gentle way, you can shake the world.
Now I feel I have an unspoken deal with the paparazzi "I won't do anything publicly interesting if you agree not to follow me." - Matt Damon
Just finished meeting with Pastor Darius Pridgen of True Bethel Baptist, one of the most dynamic and progressive pastors in Buffalo
I always knew that I would be the man they ride the greyhound, but I'm more a Peter Pan, we the fam.
If enough of us retweet this will it come true? RT : Milwaukee really needs a breakfast taco truck.
When I need you the most your never here </3
the red album did stupid numbers. You tripping
Just finished outlining ch. 3. Will be #amwriting it later tonight. Busy family day first.
Our friends at are giving away free tees, just like them on Facebook and follow them on Twitter for a chance to win!
FOLLOW ME?!
Thats why you're my cuddle buddy!!
Oh god same, im shaking and everything D:
ahh my bad. I'm not fond of that practice at all. By all means carry on and may the force be with you :)
A twinkie for every hour of gardening! Or just dangle a twinkie on a stick in front of me. Hehehe.
Umm sorry to burst your bubble but we just don't care <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Son of a bitch. Just broke another tooth. Damn side effect of being ill last year. Can anyone recommend a good emergency dentist?
“: dear twitter, I'm single.” READ HIS TWEET AND STFU. thanks.
Go Steelers! I would love to see them play GB in superbowl!
So strange when tweets from last November show up in TweetDeck.
the accidental touchdown?
Thanks for the RT!
Full Color Printing on Black Cardstock. Create the perfect impression for your clients. Order now at 646.833.8085/ 888.409.4420
followback is a Awsome account related to Porn ;P
We Are Compliance With HAZARDOUS WASTE MANAGEMENT AND MINIMIZATION REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS 7 Reasons Your Business Or You Needs Our Cleani
Following ya Goldie!! :) *Hugs*
I actually have no idea. i guess because Victoria likes Ariana, but Ariana doesn't like her. Idk, that's what ive heard. :(
Just took my Pre-workout #Neurocore from looking forward to a Kick Butt workout!
thank you. genuinely flattered.
Good morning twitterverse!
How do you expect us to choose between three flawless shirts?? <3
of curse pero no a meternos
Right? I don't even know why I go there. It's like there's a $50 minimum.
What a wonderful weekend, 2nite Lincoln Hall to see and Tomorrow, & my favorite lady arrives!
Thanks for the #FF shout out.
@#xboxfamily be careful of the headsets. Kids use bad language and bully on internet-connected video games. no headsets!
The stage is perfect...stremlined yet bold, simple but interesting. And Sandy Harbrect's outfit matches perfectly.
Certainly. But lucky for us: you are one of the people I know who is most likely to say something useful in 140 characters. Welcome!
haha thx I'm just out here giving 100% for the team. But as you know I am heavily subscribed / boosterish on yr. updates & content
Im just tryna live it up!!!
Lol. Blew $800 waiting for the tournament to start. QQ < A6, QQ < 55 and bricked an open ended straight flush draw.
Shout out to all my new followers. Too many to shout out. ;)
that sounds just like what a cowboys fan would say
i'm on the car primo...can you send the mp3 straight to my email...without #wetransfer....as an attachment so I can listen now???
You don't know it, but some day, I wont care for you anymore.
NYC - upstate NY - NYC - Phoenix - LA for two days - Munich - Berlin - Bremen - LA. i only travel by whirlwind for the next 30 days.
Looking for Karaoke? We have it covered. Come in tonight at 10.
Wishing everyone a terrific Thursday!
Just got let out of jury duty. Quite an experience, even without getting to see a trial - the defense rejected me as a juror.
he totes does. srsly. he so does but whatsherface doesn't. ugh
Welcome to Twitter!
Thank Mark Sanchez, he made Mark Brunell relevant last season. Paris Hilton should sign with the Jets.
Got my first order in the mail today! Excited to try it out!
Great movie. Terrible marketing. I wish it would have found its audience in theaters.
Leaving for Hawaii early in the morning ... Super excited !!!! My new home for a year or more .. Can't wait 8-)
How many jobs did #Flipper really create?
Just posted "Julia"-- a song I wrote with Bonnie Hayes. Thanks so much to Gawain Mathews for a lovely mix.
NOT a good idea no...
I just don't understand why an EX will say bad things about me. If he/she has problem with me then better tell it to me.
I think I'll remember that laptop for awhile :)
For all of you that have school tomorrow.. #SucksToSuck!
chocolate chip muffin at chango just saved my life.
Romney is wealthy and has hair? Two reasons for me to despise the entitled prick even more!
Fun update: my EP 'Escape Reality will include a remade version of my song 'These Friends'. :)
Good thing that little boy wears glasses or else the pebble his buddy threw at him might've hit him in the eye.
I'm voting for u trying to keep the lead for tht Ustream #muchlove x8
The problem w TIME cover it's a subversive way for MM to slam attachment parenting, 'cuz bf until that age is so outside 'norm.'
I'm on a lot now cause I don't have a fb anymore lol
Listen for Diebomb Doom Music on Itunes soon, Amazon.com now!
It bugs me when people don't have profile pictures.
Yep RT : May does it again. Props to Cotto. He might've tested him more than anyone else. I was very entertained tonight.
If Sshe Really Wanna Hoe For Ah Plaaya She Gone Hit My Line#
Find me Tuesday 3/27 at The Armed Forces Foundation 8th Annual Congressional Gala-Washington DC
I IS SPEECHLESS IDK WAT TO SAY LIKE I CANT KEEP MY MOUTH CLOSE
This timeline is moving faster than Bristol Palin at an all-you-can-eat moose-meat buffet.
That's great, by the way that commercial shoot was great to work. I had a lot of fun
RT : Rep. Walberg wants even less federal control when than the Rokita amendment would do.
meet and greet
Bed soon(;
At 300+lbs. there will be no questions about where Gov. Christie was born.
these niggas outside boxing in the hallway smh. Just knocked this nigga grill down lol.
thanks for doing that. Can we start a contact list?
Someone go to the gym with me?
Abt Tunes Volkswagen Beetle - Inside Line
Leave me alone.
Hall and Oates "Private Eyes" back to back with Rockwell "Somebody's Watching Me." Consider me paranoid
CHEESE BREAD is for now! $6.99 delivered. BOOM.
Store Closing Liquidation!!! UP TO 80% OFF NOW! Chika Chika Galleria Mall Henderson, NV!! Get the good stuff while they last!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2 weeks left till Halloween order your costumes now .......great quality not that cheap nylon you get in the store....
Giant latte and getting some work done
RT : Under 's Failed Leadership, WI Loses 6,200 Private Sector Jobs in April
ill make it an Irish coffee and pretend I'm there
...apparently Hunter Mahan has won twice this year, though. This, a follow up to my last tweet regarding the PGA Tour.
Happy Administrative Professionals Day! We provide tested and screened Adminstrative Professionals - temp or temp to hire. Call 881-3449
Covanta Tackles the Biofuel Front-End - Alternative Energy Stocks
Come on, didn't anyone tell you only men work in technology? ;) (we're completely teasing!)
I like to walk around wearing a life jacket...just in case.
Awareness is one of our greatest gifts! II RT It takes a person who is wide awake to make his dream come true.
I seriously can't get over how cute your daughters are! they are little fashionista's...deff follow after their mother xoxo
Had to shower/dress in something other than soccer shorts/t-shirt today. After a week of studying/test taking/paper writing not used to it!
RT : What do you call a budget bill without any fiscal portions? [Class Warfare]
Just turned the air conditioning on. In the middle of December. Hate you, Austin.
helped raise $500k for schools in Joplin, MO after tornado devastation. at
I really don't feel like doing homework.
You fucktard . . . I was tryna get to school early today
lol....that was a good one.....Two Words: Keep Dreamin! you have a long way to go!!!!!!
The revolution will not be televised. The revolution, is live.
Fer Troy!
People must mistake me with the actor Michael Ealy. I won't complain tho
Fantastic day thanks to the ninjas in my life: & the hubs!
your welcome :)
if my laptop freezes and stops working one more time I'm gonna cry. I really don't wanna have to pay for a new one. omg.
aww, that's cute .. I guess
Listening to Joni Mitchell's Blue album for the first time right now. Still looking for my #artistchick who can cook.
thank you so much!! :)
One week until I see at The Mint in LA :D
listening to the whole album in order, in one sitting, is the only way to do it the first time around.
Heads up all! We are coming back from this holiday weekend with some goodies up our sleeves!!
I'll probably do it tonight.. can you tell I procrastinate a lot?? ahahaha
Wait, I thought Facebook was making us lonely.
We are hiring! Come to the Chi Bar at 6pm tonight for a drink and to learn more. shirts go to the first 50
#TeamThundet or deal with the lightning
What will Gov Patrick and the legislature do to address the #MBTA deficit long term? 2013 and beyond
Earlier this week I thought I'd be closing on both houses tomorrow so I switched all of my utilities. I bet this is related.
thanks for the #FF mentions today.
I would like pizza with pizza on the top
Nikki Minaj is soo garbage, she owes me 6 minutes of my life back... worst performance ever
Agree w 3, 4, 6, 7 but strongly disagree w #1. Ah fuckit, this article drove me nuts when I first read it & still annoys me now.
Used in a sentence: For where jealousy and faction are, there is confusion and every VILE deed. James 3:16
Wanna go see him :-)
"Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others." Robert Louis Stevenson really like this one. enjoy
Never trust a Star Fukker.
would it really be a shock though?
I am confirming this also. MT : Confirming earlier reports: Cleveland moved up to No. 3 in trade with Minny.
detto RT : Thanks so much !! great knowledge
This bounty money might bankrupt #Philly by Opening Day!
Hope you all had an eggceedingly good Easter! (groan). And with that eggcellent omen, I begin my helmsmanship of Osprey twitter....
#ihate when someone can't form a sentence without saying "like" at least 10 times.
it's illegal to ride on the sidewalk
The show in Madison has a special drink, consisting if pineapple juice, midori, vodka and whipped cream (shudder). 'WTF' indeed
had to start my acting career somewhere
street rat
Hell yeah!!
Home foreclosures are down 14% from last year! Let's keep the great news going in the coming year!
Call me paranoid, but I really feel like the observer effect is having an impact on my behavior.
as soon as I saw you got a twitter account, I knew Ron Paul had something to do with it! :)
R.I.P Jimmy Sabater. Great singer, Timbalero Wonderful Person You will be missed.
Watching march of the penguins in English...I love me my penguins!
we sliding on yall beats fool keep dropping fool imma killing holding dwn FLA
good looking bro!
Academy Award Winner Sandra Bullock... meh
#Humber has pitched a #PerfectGame for the White Sox
"We're going to get really geeky very soon." haha
i want pauls job!
I got oomf hooked on sports
They've converged the art of music, sound, color, movement into one artistic performance, which is unusual.
Whether the #Lakers win tonight or not, one thing is certain...your Mom deserves a mother's day gift! -Team SheaMoi Naturelle
Ah see I'm the navigator of the group
I'm very pleased with how twitter has taken the place of my Facebook. Can't emphasize it enough.
Im supposed to wake up at 7am...still cant sleep
Wow. I totally missed this tweet! I had a blast too! Thanks for the invite! =)
my friend who is black was followed throughout the store by security he told the clerk he was being profiled, the guard
lmao pretty much you in a nutshell
care to explain?
. Steven hill still out there, have wanted him from the get! Cmon #dabears!!!!
Liked our tweets? You can find us in person at the Social Business Meetup at 5pm across the hall
WOO!!! 50 followers in one day S/O To all you people.glad i got people to follow back.
longtime no see battle.
Okay write-up. I simply found out your blog site and wished to say I've truly liked reading your opinions.
you're not gonna brew in your bathtub are you?
EGCG blocks weight gain...haha, I have some delicious green tea in the cupboard if you would like to borrow it?
As a people, we have become obsessed with Health
the 1 employee possibly handling lost luggage just left the desk w 20 people in line No one @ ticketing upstairs is helping either
I cant believe this
lol they <U+E05A>ing on ya boy
second star to the right, and straight on til morning....
tell her isaid Happy Mother's Day!!!!
Food is an important part of a balanced diet
Don't worry... more to come!
hahaha i love ya 2... srr but i must say that i cant wait for u!!! ily so much... ;*
lol- ready for a Oceansprray commercial?...
best tag ever. Hahaha
follow me plz it will mean the world to me
Dear Patron: the golf pencils provided at the circulation desk are not for drawing on the walls.
I GOT A NEW NOSE RING :)
What a perfect day! We’re having pizza for desert, care to join us?
Adam Rodriguez!!!!!! RT : Have a baby from any celebrity, which would it be?
:( u didnt comment pic i sent u
it's frustrating - this isn't an antibullying bill and it's not just about free speech infringement
thanks for posting this; as I was reading articles about him, I had similar thoughts regarding the ECT
you have a lot of followers. how many of them are literally following you? i bet at least 3
we picked up 2 seats. How many did you get ???
don't be callin my mama that! U guys gonna play in Nash or wut? Got a fat one waitin for yas
Wah ya said now, give it to me baby
Thats the way to go! I just made myself the best chocolate ice cream delight ever...If I could, I would share...
look up the song hold onto the memories on YouTube .. would that be a good one 4 the video?
you wish
Birthday audition...
One of my favorites...
album has been on repeat all night. True musicians.
Interesting RT : Wow! RT : Manicuring the nails has been done by people for more than 4,000 years
Up @ 330 am to fly out - oh memories of 3 am feedings... Oddly good memories.
It's me against the world...
Yay Perla is making one too ;D
Nice! I'll have 2 show my 14yo. She loves photography. Bought her a very expensive camera this past Christmas so she'd pursue it
If it was mining machinery, he was likely in my part of the state. (and likely an enemy of mine. ;) haha)
I've been asked to be the best man for two of my good friends weddings... now all the "When are you settling down?" questions are coming...
Wednesday, do you want to do this the easy way, or the hard way?
Saying happy birthday to my sister enjoy
Bravo FTW as always... \o/
do "retired"nurses count??? :)
both great places. you will love it!
“ I hate the new Twitter for desktop. Dear iThing, I miss you.”..>Agreed!!
#EasterPart2---Easter Represents the 3 A's: Atonement 4 Sin, Allegiance of the Son 2 the Father, & the Almighty triumphing over the Evil 1.
When did Bonzi Wells get released from the witness protection program
Love it!
I Help Everybody Out When Theyre Sad Tell Em Everythings Gunna Be Ok&When Im Depressed It Seems Like I GotNobody 2 TellMeThat,True Friends<3
OK dancing & terrific food. How come no one is posting any twitpics in stream - Don't let me down now!
WHAT?! Travis Birkenstock and Zack Morris in a new TV show together?! Talk about a
When the boys arrived at LAX Niall started singing Party In The USA
you're my favorite mistake.
=) RT Best exp. ever! help ordering exactly what we wanted & help w/ DrawSomething—server deserves an award
<U+200E>103 degrees in Phoenix, nice breeze. Did a seven mile run and ready for more! 26 miles in the past four days and lovin' it.
It wasn't anyone's to steal. He just did it better.
AFPW going much much higher! DD is to strong, USAF contract inked and much more to come! AFPW
Sat alone with some guys named Ron Paul and Walter Jones instead.
Abraham Lincoln said: "A universal feeling, whether well or ill-founded, can not be safely disregarded." www.greatamericanhistory.net
I've seen diarrhea more explosive than
Wishing everybody a Happy Thanksgiving.
Printing out some of my old scores from an ancient Macintosh. Sure am glad it booted up & works after all these years.
I think its soo funny when im txting someone and they say "thats so BEAST" Lol.....
wish I had tips for you. I'm in the same boat. Let us know what you learn.
Who are the best liberal bloggers?
Liked the Patient First in CH, but didn't like what I heard. Ugh!
In Press Box at Churchill. This is 1st day in earnest that #APDerby coverage begins. Waiting for to arrive tomorrow.
LSU Tigers gonna drip with crimson blood!
Dont let a "TWEET" hurt your feelings guys . . . . -_-
India Trip Fact #8: There are 35 million orphans in India, 11 million have been abandoned to the street, 20 million are slaves.
Android app + offline access in chrome = awesome! You've got all my notes covered. Now if there were only repeating tasks...
i saw kraftwerk a couple of years ago. it was amazing. my friends and i were completely engrossed.
hope you enjoy it!
Can someone recommend a place to work in Vegas? Quietish with coffee. Wifi not necessary.
Trying not to think about the failed health inspection while I brunch
Hassle-free, Stress-Free Moving & Storage Has Arrived! ALL IN A BOX STORAGE introduces the solution to your storage space and moving needs.
always :) ": #Onewordthatdescribesher Fatal's"
Missed the memo until just now... Congrats on the new job! (sent while chugging Medium Roast Columbian Blend)
IM THE HAPPIEST PERSON ON THE FACE OF THE EARTH
Now through April 1st. Book us for a Wedding Video Services and get Free Photo Services! #INFO #news GrantedAccessFilms.com
lol. The dude had over 2k pairs of jordans. Variant dealers around the world are crying right now.
So excited to return to NYC. Good friends good theatre good food good walking!
Joey Crawford is reffing the Knicks game. Lol might as well pack it in. Nba when I was a kid was the greatest competition in sports.
I might be able to help you in your endeavor
I'd go to bed earlier but I'd rather talk to :) #TeamNoSleep #TilBrooklyn..?
Early morning munches..
“The Iron Lady also won for makeup for Mark Coulier and J
French says, "You can use technology. (And you should)."
Fiona Apple's new CD - The Idler Wheel Is Wiser Than The Driver Of The Screw, And Whipping Cords Will Serve You More Than Ropes Will Ever Do
here! Enjoying your beers!
Sorry, just saw your tweet regarding the power issue.
<U+E32D><U+E32D><U+E32D> follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I <3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!<U+E32D><U+E32D><U+E32D>
o ok :-) I actually like paying lol
makes me pull out paddle from my college days ...puts on hard hat to go to work....
Good morning!
Done w/finals.
Oh, honey, this is bad karaoke.
Sometimes you gotta run before you can walk
Solid show
We'll see you soon! :)
Sometimes, people put up walls. Not to keep others out, But to see who cares enough to #Break em
Missing In studio again with only the boys.
After initial bouts of fear and intimidation, find Twitter to be a rich and tense source of ethnographic stimulation. woah.
T.Swift <33333 helps me get through all the heartbreaks
Thanks for the fracking link!
Oakland police is out of controll
honored to have you follow us. It would be really dope if you let your followers know how get down.
thanks for #FF. Back at you!
“: Is that the one on Howell and Chase? #italiancookies #cannoli” yes! It's my neighborhood bakery :)
Prefinished Brazilian Walnut 3/4" x 3" <U+2665> show your love with an enduring gift this Valentine's Day <U+2665>
When did they stop putting flys in boxer briefs?
Come on grizzlies
The only thing I'm worried about is that I have to go to Downtown LA tomorrow morning. Anybody have any idea how fast/slow the 10 can be?
don't be excited :( I'm gonna miss you!!
Yes, its was for the Tigers Foundation. Awesome cause and awesome evening!
Heading out, hittin' trails... should be nice and muddy!
thanks for talking to our class tonight! definitely great to know that there are information-y job opportunities in sustainable building.
Unfortunately, Minal, these kinds of stories are too common when it comes to women employees
I can't wait till summer, Shorts, Swimsuits, Snapbacks<3
ZOMG. I think we can fix this
thanks for the mention guys!
so bored idk wat to do
When I die you be last on my mind
I Don't Really Care what people say or think about ...just know what i say or think is what really matters
Frozen pizza and movies. So nice just having a chill night.
Expect some home runs in this Yankees-Orioles 2 game series.. O's have 56, Yanks have 53, and Nova has given up 8 this year.
Powwow today, and YMCA free event. There's fun to be had!
whoa! 12 sales left till we reach 1000 sales on Etsy.. Its giveaway time!
All that party needs is some Blasts.
got your 45 in the mail today...really digging it! Thanks again!!
When is Romney going to file for his managed moral bankruptcy? It's way over due.
I've never heard of German. Never. Who is this phenomenal athlete Wash? I don't see him.
why you unfollow me? :(
Could really go for a slurpee right now.
Positive thoughts create happiness. You create your own experience by the way you choose to 'be' ~ Melinda Hutchings
Living in #Milwaukee can be depressing at times...I wonder if my peers ever want more for themselves than living the "thug life".
Any discussion of actually building / DHHub? Or is it still in the "that would be nice" stage?
Why does my hair shed soo much #ithinkimpartcat <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AF>
- Happy Birthday Daddy ....
are you coming back???
Hiya doll! Just leaving, but was going to call you later today - you up for a catch up chat?
Couple with extreme PDA on the el. Come on, this isn't Risky Business...
thanks for the bday wishes Rich! How is everything??
I need a crib a big estate, I need a boat and it needs a lake, I need some salmon and that need a plate, that need a chef so I feed my safe
definitely. I will informed on anything and everything.
Wake up Davey! Henry Rodriguez has no business being our closer. NO CONTROL. WHATSOEVER. PERIOD.
Well that would be wack if you left it private...
yeah. Me & are sippin on emergen-c! ; )
whoa easy wit that lol
Reading Stephen Hawkins's biography....awesome
You all should also stick around downtown for Waterfire tonight. The ladies and gents of PRD get to light the bonfires tonight!
As u said,
Okay i know im ugly so you need to quit tell me that every single day just to make yourself feel better about yourself!
Big tweet spike to start the grammys. Nearly 12 thousand tweets per minute with the #grammys hashtag.
Feedback on ? We're enthusiastically & gratefully listening. Email me?
handle ur business
I wanna marry him :)
It's a beautiful day, make the best of it. Love and Light
I am trying so hard to find Ashton Kutcher attractive but I just can't do it :(
Your words are my food, your breath my wine
Lmao the only person I can't argue lmao
I know bro ! Lol we finna kick it...
Still in the states, but heading to Zagreb fairly soon.
loved watching you last night on the show. You always seem to make me laugh.
I bleed Orange. This team will find game again!
I'm 8 away from 5k. My brother passed 50k a while ago. Apparently we don't tweet that much.
You go girl!
Too bad I don't give a Damn.
Dr. Klein: "we need more porn literacy. Whether we like it or not. It's not a documentary, it's fiction."
So today was Certification Testing Day. I passed the #EMC VSE & the Virtualized Infrastructure Specialist Exam for Cloud Architects
<-Loves a good Sat. strolling around the streets of NY W/coffee on hand! How are you friends of the world? Let us know your weekend rituals!
would love to have you on the show to give Olympic karate athletes tips on sweeping the leg!
Hey wats up all twitter lovers!!!!!!!!!!!
I wont use my period as an excuse for being rude. But I am really grumpy. #sorry :(
If you're drinking, don't drive....don't even putt.
just got on twitter..yeah
exactly who gives a shit at least you can guess the answer with multiple choose haha
Tin•Box of Curious Artifacts is Hitting #EchoPark this weekend and We're Excited as all Hell
this isn't 11 years ago
Crap.... Smoke & Newman are not doing well today....Race isn't over yet, but not looking good!
Hey all you tri-athletes, what races do you plan to sign up for this year?
swamped swamped swamped with grad school work. but consistently procrastinating on facebook :)
RT : Love a woman with Beauty and brains”
I think youre making me hungry!
u hatin on cutler?
I thought you were different.
Far away
“: At least once a day in New York, I'm struck by how much I LOVE it here :)” that's great!
Often we're like Max; we only want to hear someone say "I would have done something about your pain." #NowWatching Where the Wild Things Are
Rangers poised to win against the Caps? Somber? What a game last night! Phoenix game was pretty amazing too.Non-stop action!
Thanks for the Outsiders link
RT : Don't miss on Fox5 tomorrow morning, 9:25 talking #fallweddingtrends from the new
Anybody from here for #sxsw12 ?
Already eaten 2 bars of chocolate by 9:20am. No wonder I have had super heartburn but you know its how I roll. Friday means fries for lunch
Just went for that late night 4th meal wit #doritoslocostacos ri-dam-diculous ah!
Extras Needed! Gordon Pictures Christian Movie "Without A Father" If you are willing to help us please call Shamika at 210-300-1434.
and and I LOVE #RINGER we need to Bring Ringer Back
what is SubGenius?!?
great first tweet! I'm hooked. :)
Shop in Bellevue is Kid Friendly need to know how many other Kid Friendly (Play area) Shops you have in Puget Sound?
can you follow me back please??:):)
I used to watch that show all the time :3 and yes, yes I did call you a douche
#newspaces4learning theory into practice
Fixing 's roots, and then doing some colours in her hair.
When sws comes on idk I get really excited
thank you, I will tell her! :)
We don't unfortunately, it just changes too often. Anything in particular you're looking for (dinner, appys?)
Some guy on RNG kinna reminded me of Vinny.. the way he danced.
is wondering what I am doing here.
Thanks for spreading the word about Our Hero, gentlemen.
Smh Second night in a row!
Omg I Forgot to DM him, But If I Do I'll probly Fall Asleep On HIm,lol ;).
Complete bathroom makeover including new tub, pedestal lav, toilet, ceramic tile surround, floor, and paint, starting at $3995 w/references
what's that? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Houston tomorrow, gotta get up really early...goodnight :)
o wow lmao
": 18 away from 50,000 followers!!! I am humbled! Thank u all!!! #HardBodyRefs" lemme help you out a bit buddy!
In Mr.Mcmanus class reallllyy bored, this dude doesn't teach us anything.
then get one...
SHOW ! ! August 21st with These Hearts (victory records) at Cobalt Cafe in LA.
I note that the Komen website has been down all day.
Follow he's awesome !!
That Time cover also doesn't help anyone ELSE become more comfortable with something as natural as a child nursing. Very annoyed over this.
"I am opposed to the yielding of an inch of United States territory." Charles Warren Fairbanks, born on this day in 1852. VP under TR.
I really hate being sick! Allergies suck! I can not get rid of this natsy cough!
Stop. Lift your shoulders. Roll them back. Now, arch your back and lift your heart. Breathe.
Aj Green 4 gm susp! If NCAA wants kids to be forthcoming then don't crucify them when they make mistakes..2 gms was good
agreed! #processlearning #dml2012 it's the journey as much as the temporary destination
Definitely, keep the quality. Do you plan to create a contest/campaign with your videos? B/c there is potential.
It's the kind of day when the only thing you can do right is make a ton of custom boxes for re-housing. Fun!
A Norwich Terrier. If she gets the boy, she's naming him Chester ha. We'll have him by the beginning of August so you can meet :)
I enjoy the fact that no one feels the need to keep Los Angeles weird.
Today is going to be a good day. #determined <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BB>
Heroes get remembered but these Crystal Head shots will never die
I need a vacation lets go!!<U+270C>
I'm picking you up!
where do i find friends. more followers.
Here we go boys!
In the women's defense sometimes you do have a point and we men refuse to acknowledge it.
So now this asshole decides he wants to be in a relationship are you fucking kidding me?!
really?and who made the rich people(the same folks who think its a crime to help any1) ghetto analyst?
Boyfriend has surprise date planned after an amazing dinner and drinks with friends
um ?!?!?!?! where are you!! :( i miss my bestfriend i haven't talked to him in forever <3
I'm really loving the way it feels outside. <3
Had a dream that included the line "Oh shit, here come David Bowie's aliens..." And then they came. And the were very bad.
We get paid better than that up here in New Yawk ;)
FYI, Casper Ware of #LBSU withdrew from the Portsmouth before it even began.
#MLGAnaheim sc2 player passes sold out! Where can we find the wait list for others?
I do not need a job: D I'm a student.
Enjoying my day off!
Hey Papa Ron! hope you are having a good time!
trick r treat looks awesome
I figured that might chime in b4 me. I'm a bit more forgiving. I expect the no-auto rule will take years 2 sink in.
The computer in the ILA lounge is apparently launching soon, death of the space program be damned.
That would be a theaterror.
no i drove ! it was 8 hours . and yeah i did (: we go to iowa in 3 weeks .
She'll be 2 8/1. I'm thinking she's too young to determine any of this but I'm noticing things early I think.
"Failure only exists in the present tense. Why are you giving it oxygen?" via // That just blew my mind!!!
He'll stop giggling if you smack him real hard along side the head.
yea my pops took some pics of me.. I will post them on here an instagram when he send them to me
Aout hit the road for our national tour. Keep a look out!!!
THANKS, GIRL. TRY NOT BEING A POON, MAYBE? =)
this is great:-)
and killed 5 hookers while at SMU. RT Skinny Charles Barkley is down to eating just three strippers a week.
Thanks lady friend! It's going around. Take that Vitamin C!
I WANT TO KILL YOU ALL.
Better #Golf Thru #Hypnotism? - 2 couples play golf together regularly @ their club, & on the... Read punch line @ www.ICUGolfStories.com
remember the song! Lol i whip my hair back and forth!
I'm so lame. I cried the first time I played #Boyfriend. it's so unbelievably amazing, YOU'RE so unbelievably amazing.
Yes He will hide us in His tabernacle!
Good discussion with folks from Indiana University of PA last night: wireless, virtual apps, lms support, & more. Thanks!
If curling is an olympic sport, it's only a matter of time before kickball is too. Go for gold today at www.kickball.com/orbridgetown
I wish I could just be in his arms because we both want it but I know that will never happen cuz he wants everyone but me ...
Haha. I didn't do it. I'm such a clown in school, I hardly do ANYTHING. Haha.
Hello, how are you doing? ^_^
I just saw RT me for my b.day ahh!..my fav. I didn't think he or the guys did. :-) woohoo! :-)
Halfway done with grad school
Giving my son his first manicure... those little nails have been tearing his presh face up!
Celebrated Mother's Day w/ Mom last night at Benvenuto's Italian Grill in Oshkosh. At Burke's Lakeside in Oconomowoc today to see Grandma.
I M 2 6 C 4 U Like if you understand this message. :)
Friday cocktails at your house right? ;)
I remember when baccis came to me with their large pizza slices and knock off pops! now i would have to find one to go to them.
Denver! DEnvER !!! DENVER !!!! !!!!! Plz make it speedy gonzales style:$
Who thinks the Red Sox will get swept this weekend?! It all starts with a bashing of
pillow fight is hilarious to watch.
You're the man, Kevin. Thanks for spreading the word!
hells yeah! I Won 's new Cd Too Cool To Care On the radio when it wasn't even out yet. Uh! Suck that Bitches!
For the first time since 1945 I saw in my timeline...
Love that piece 'Apparition de l'Eglise éternelle' - it's like a glacier or some other huge, moving form.
Can't wait to watch Two and a Half Men premiere tonight!
you such a lier !!!
we are looking at early May. We will keep you updated and hope to see you soon!
I would go back to school to play ball if that were the case
Just so fresh, so clean.
After a full night of charging and only 2 hrs off the plug, my phone is down to 44% battery. Guess holding out for "iPhone 5" is over. :(
Great to meet on the set!
Every time I touch this collection it gets more and more confusing. How does this happen?
Screw that stop being a softy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> lol get mad again!
*Nerd guys phone rings* Jock: "Who was that, your girlfriend?" *Everyone laughs* Nerd: "Nope, it was yours." *Dead silence*
Dude. This morning is insane
Yay! So happy for you both!
RT I had an active life, until some idiot came along and introduced me to Twitter.// It's hard to Tweet and run.
I think your a good singer but it seems as though you jealous of people that are more famous that u be happy 4 them don't hate
At media day. Very cool!
don't forget... wearing a dearth vader mask with mean joe green filming it on a droid.
Exactly what we're shooting for! RT : I've got one! It tastes just like oreos.
Editing vocals editing vocals editing vocals yep editing vocals....... Sarah is sounding killer :-)!!!!
My DH's minor plumbing repairs inevitably required calling in the plumber after. :)
we here!
california raisins keep me feelin jamaican
President's Day.... SHOPPING SALE EVERYWHERE!!!! xD
Ask 2000 learning professionals who is in love with their lms, nobody is apparently
All of us gripe/complain about how bad our lives are, I'm even guilty of this. But realize that ur life isnt as bad as others.
I was referring to my own pressure on the unsuspecting-but-accustomed
and reactivated?
I need to lose weight :/
who wouldn't like our fun, colourful northern neighbor, eh? I have no idea what that's all aboot.
Who has been to the provence of Ratanakiri in Cambodia? Amazing part of the world whose people need our help.
Artist Lucian Freud leaves $156 million in will: paper | Insurance for ...
maybe I should, you know, get out of bed and start my day.
i know but im getting al these injuries
Promise yourself to be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind. Christian D. Larson
The first 100 Ranchhands are registered (actually 105 now) for summer. Makenna from San Diego County was number 100. Yeehaw!
Just saw two homeless guys sitting in front of a now hiring sign... Uh hello?!
You can't say that with all the sincerity in the world and still believe that.. Stop lying to yourself sweetheart :P
RT"Caps fans who spent$250 for tix tonight so far only pd $2.29 for each in-game minute.” should've charged more for ur tix!
Thats the plan. #damntherudefees : well maybe tonight then
Listening to people talk about the mcat and dat. Seriously makes me want to throw up.
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 11
Human Victory: you reach your end as a true Leader w/o a Title, knowing that the great deeds you did will endure long after your death and
Bill Clinton
I don't trust anyone who uses "Dr." on their website and doesn't mention where they went to school or what their terminal degree is in.
"I remember my mother's prayers and they have always followed me. They have clung to me all my life." - Abraham Lincoln
Can't wait to get outta here & enjoy my day !!
Marcum is becoming fascinated with business models for digital projects; libraries need to caretake scholars' digital work.
Boston loves what you do man! Keep up the good work!! Follow us back?
HOW WAS IT :D
New books I liked: The Patagonian Hare, by Claude Lanzmann, Deformation Zone, by McSweeney&Goransson, The Sensualist by Daniel Torday
Re-reading Freckles by Gene Stratton-Porter after seeing 1925 Keeper of Bees - it's an amazing collection!
web design is tedious...
Cody Jasper was considered a childhood prodigy in the guitar! CodyJasper.com
I ordered a wrong screen for my net book and it's still sitting here lol not enough time
need a new vocal mic. any suggestions?
yes, i just need to talk to any of them about tonight. it really sucks!
The only time success comes before work is in the dictionary
And even then, that's probably more of an ethical thing than anything legal, but I'm not an expert.
suddenly, Alex Jones is credible?
What a freaking day ....
The air conditioning has broken so we get the true sense of what it's like working in a restaurant! Phew!
yeah you do. Like ASAP. Do you have a fake yet? Lol
": #Gemini Woman: You want a guy to sweep you off your feet, but he's got to be interesting. When bored, you take off."
Just want to give a shout out to SDSU and UCSD. We love working with you!
Yikes! I'm trying to think back to which buses I took on Friday. I know I at least took the 54 in the evening! :-(
Awesome. I debated whether to cover LaTex but decided against it for my class - I'm stoked to hear it's being taught in yours.
Mother Trucker DC Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
“: Seeing Diana Ross tonight at the Legendary! #PalaceLegends” (We're so excited about tonight's show!!!)
Watching a baby story with my aunt... Who's in that baby wanting phase.. Slay me please
"I can't imagine a man really enjoying a book and reading it only once." C.S. Lewis
Trust me, I'm working on it!
Thank You
No matter what kind of day I'm having, Gavin always smiles and laughs, and that makes the day perfect
Bumpin Grieves - 88 keys and counting : cant wait to see you guys again. illness
You can dis on Breathe Carolina, but that's okay. Cause they don't give a fuck. :)
R.A. Long-Mark Morris softball is rained out for today.
Nice, a Hello Kitty Bridal store! How cool!
Happy Friday from Everybody Deserves Music! Thanks for the follow : )
I was driving and saw a puppy stuck in a fence so I pulled over and helped him, took him home & feed him then gave him back to his owner
G that is so true doe rt : Soldiers Can Sometimes Make Decisions That Are Smarter Than The Orders They've Been Given.
I recognize my limits but when I look around I realise I am not living exactly in a world of giants.
i called yo fool ass yesterday i had the car
and with Gardner, I meant his multiple intelligence idea, tailoring delivery of info to diff stu needs
yeah I blocked a shit ton of those jobbers
Just got to the Pocono Raceway for TOUGH MUDDER!
We got to witness a Jonesy HOME RUN in person today!!! Wooohooo!! :D
(facepalm) RT Shame on you man Take your weird shit out on someone else before you get into Godwin's law territory Nitpicky jerk
Last nights show at the money was awesome thanks to all our fans for your support
So Pissed! MT : some creep snatched cash box from J&L Farms at Petworth farmers market today while I bought eggs from them.
ugh I'm jealous ...
your welcome strip
Good tip! I've been meaning to spend more time there anyway!
"Without art, the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable." - George Bernard Shaw
good one hahaha I am literally LOLing right now
You know you've got a bad haircut when you've already gone bad once to get it fixed and you still have to take your own scissors to it!
follow back? ;)
hm... I wonder where you're getting all this energy..??? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Today I learned is a terrible speller.
Another stress free, work enabled day...keep em coming universe, keep em coming
park ranger > mailman though
Just over 8 days until I head to the beach and 13 days until I start work at Universal!!
Don't I know it!
Sadly there wasn't a horse named " what are you wearing"
im in bed to
Just finished a great spinach salad.
is "re" LAT preferred? Opposite at NYT. Wapo uses both!
good luck, gotta go!
Must lose that weight so I can breathe, when I take a walk up the steps. So to cardio & weights I turn, with just a few footsteps.
Brother Bear with my grandma. Good times. (:
Best day ever(:
How about hitting the Fuji for lunch today and taking a bottle of our famous salad dressing home with you?
oh, I saw you.
ill be home soon bestiie! Thursday almost here.!
.____. I'm like bored and amused at the same time
Not happy with this am. compared their price with competition and came back to order, price went to same as competition up $30
Rep Abrams: "We (GA) have disconnected what edu is from what it delivers."
Janet Jackson announced on this day in 1984 that she and James DeBarge were married. Mom & Dad: Surprise!
well ballsack. That's fine. What time do you have to eat
Can we start a music revolution!?!
": Don't count the days, make the days count..." So not true in the last stretch of senior year. Definitely counting the days.
you at TALL MAN?
So Michael's is on fire...
when the effe Did she get red hair!!!!
We reduced shipping prices at our online merch store! Order now and we'll throw in a special little something! flighttoathena.bigcartel.com
I Wish She Would Just Shut The Fuck UP!!! Hoe.
Keep my husband's dirty paws off of her!
my love for u that's what's good :-)
Is going to the y
little sisters are good for something huh?!
This should be very interesting. Not to mention our wedding is his 4th birthday lol
Jake Gordon is definitely a hottie!
If you want something amazing in life, chase after it, and dont hold back.
Fabulous RT, yes?
Good morning from Fort Wayne. Busy week ending with Conference. Plus I have to present on Friday.
I can't stop laughing at tweets from My coworkers are going to think I'm crazy.
I'm at the mall and out of control.
June 7th does not work for me... I dnt get there til the 8th! Ha
Well your prayers are appreciated!! But I don know what to say to Claire.. Her mom died 1 month ago.. She needs her right now
Independence Day Bash at SUITE TONIGHT July 3rd with DJ Quadi
I love you all!!!! Happy Valentines Day!!
oh ok are you going?
Mike D'Antoni is out! Beginning of the end for the Knicks? Or time to turn things around? Send us your questions for the show tonight!!
i miss and oddly enough lil attitude she has towards me lol
that college dating video is now the hi light of my life. Can I buy a copy?
my sweet 16!
josh smith = beast4lyfe
If you can shop for 2 hours at the dollar store and only end up spending 2 dollars, that's just fucking impressive. # getthefuckoutofhere
Work is the best. Can't get enough of it. I wish I was working right now.
Does Mitt Romney tie a dolphin to the roof of his yacht?
10 days at the beach house! Jealous! Huh huh huh?
Anti-piracy, co-op play and their fancy in-game item store.
My dreams included shopping for a motorcycle. dirtbike/street conversion. I was really excited about it.
Club Sirius was dope may have a gig there soon we'll see. Have a good night & safe everyone!
Love Monk's Blood!
My son actually asked me to help/show him some things on his drum set tonight. Maybe we're making some progress!
Good Afternoon Everyone! Neither of us went to School ~Tisha
He's only an hour away, yet it seems so far right now...
Woman, don't you eat when I order you not to. You disappoint me.
Finally watched Girls. Currently relate to the storyline of the least attractive one. Want to sleep forever.
PickUpLine: Do you have a map? I just keep on getting lost in your eyes.
No truer words spoken RT : Writing when you don't feel like it is HARD.
Good morning!
well then I know if I ever run for Mayor I guess you will like me.
I find the movie "Planes, Trains & Automobiles" way too amusing... So much to relate to
#Caps, biggest bandwagon south of Boston?
": Bears: Michael Bush could be perfect complement to Matt Forte" You spelled "replacement" wrong
ain't that the truth..
Ha. Enjoy yourself. Bring some good stuff back so I can try them when I crash at your place next time I'm in Dayton. lol
Yep I Am Now....Officially....FOURTEEN!!(:
Boyd Or Pentagon Wars
so where r u
Techpeeps: I have over a hundred articles on the docket for my thesis paper, want to save/read/work via cloud. Have we such a creature?
Speaking of which, how has nobody mention THE DENTIST?
that's what I'm talkin about!
Soo, Theres still a chance that is still online? Maybe he'll see this and tweet back? Lol <3
2 top firsts, first place, high point, and an invite to nyc! I'll take it !
No prob, Tim. Near hydepark. Downtown office soon. Growing every day in entrepreneurship. It's never as glamorous as it sounds. ;)
a whole tree of them? yes, for all i know.
YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL , TE AMO
The longest place name in Ireland is Muckanaghederdauhaulia, in County Galway. What's the longest place name you've heard of?
Power just dipped here at Alumni Hall, with a "bang" noise in the distance. Transformer blown? Good thing batteries in our UPSs are fresh.
Laying by the fire alternating between work and homework. There's no need to change out of my PJs today right?
I love you
The Man Who Can't Be Moved.
Bringing home some DPLA temporary tattoos for Simmons GSLIS web cast watchers -- cause I know wants one!
OKC wins v. Blazers! 111-107 final. Crazy game!
I'm sure. Typical.
IT'S OFFICIAL. WE WILL BE MARRIED
and today was the day i discovered i'm a $5 cab ride away from an h&m... oh dear.
yup. I've had mine done for almost a year, and it took mine like 6 months to fully heal.
i thought you were really tlken about "Jesus" for a sec.
Thanks for cluing me in.
RT : Believe you can and anything is possible. No one else possesses the unique traits that make up YOU.
why is that?
Wish I could go watch Warrior Dash today. Especially when Ms. B is up. She's a teacher at my school that thought it was just running.
Having a hard time figuring out what I want for my birthday... Yeah, strange, I know... Moms wants my wishlist...
I'll totally share #WTFPlaylist before I leave! And I will listen to it in the order you suggested, promising proper chaos.
I want a relationship wit no sex for a while. Sex be messin up shit.
Idc where I'm going as long as I'm with.. Cuz uk what I trust u
Chill mode enjoying the Sunday night watching the lakers game
So, I missed all the Aussie action last night.
hey kevin. living in Omaha but NB/FR was my playground for 30+ years. Following people on Twitter and noticed where you were from.
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME.. PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD.. I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS.
Be a facilitator of learning.
Dex: I live for two reasons. (1) I was born. (2) I haven't died yet.
Cheers to you!
Late at Elate - Late Night Menu - organic bottle service and cocktail list - Live DJ & Jazz musicians playing 9:30p-1:00a
So we gt a half day tomorrow... Who wants to hang afterschool???
In community mapping, you only need one GIS geek per 100,000 citizens. Just like one digital farm and farmer to feed 100,000.
Go to www.threesquaresgreetings.com to check out our beautiful holiday cards.
Hi Jeannie, we're interested! Shoot us an email to tell us more: team(at)balbusspeech.com
San Diego get to mayweather/mosley, the pheromones!
thanks for the love!!
I didn't go out of state till third grade
For they are yet ear-kissing arguments.
Blue Man Group is at the Landmark Theater in #RVA tonight,Sat. & Sun. If you want to have a fun night out,you should go
:-) That was most definitely a S/O to you!!
they not winning the championship this year
Josh Reddick is batting third? I love the guy, but wow.. that lineup is hurtin...
do i like Selena Gomez? Yes. Do I also like Demi Lovato? Yes. get the fuck over yourselves they got over whatever issue they went through.
u on Conley?
OMG #NewYorkAndCompany on 58th and Lex has pants on sale for $10 they also have buy one get one free on all pants!
Everyone on the blue line looks like a fucking miserable ninja this morning.
just for you, it can count
really??? What concert?
Bar none I have the world's greatest parents. I love so much. So I am going to take them out today.
oh but he is
Lol!! No! her song is saying "You are here, You never abandon me" but her English version is different(x I gotta lend you the cd!
Ah, the joys of a well-made cocktail... @ the Ravens club in Ann Arbor
took a look at ur site (nice!) Its privately hosted. OK, is this a youtube video u want to embed?
:P that sucks. I'm in french4 now and it's hard:/ I'm thinking of dropping it for some robotic courses
Looking forward to the #Curacao Rum party tonight in NYC!
No problem my man
yeah is def drinking Miller Lite.
Niners seemed to do just fine with new players and an entirely new coaching staff.
#NZWineDay dish #1--Crab meat in spicey mayo, seasoned with pepper. Stay tuned with #NZWineDay for the perfect wine pairing for this dish.
So you're rooting for the Celtics to do away with Philly quickly? Bosh needs to rest. Let that be a long series.
I wonder if would ever start doing the show as a Bori show..... but I'm good with Bade...
Rules threaten the imagination and the imagination threatens the rules.
This weekend is loaded with business meetings! Rally, investor meeting, and graphical work with Josh! Big things crackin.
Facebook really has a way sometimes of intensifying my jealous tendencies.
The apartment market in Bucktown and Wicker Park is very tight, with low vacancy rates. Be prepared to act quickly.
well i hope you have fun stay in touch ok :-) either hit me up here or my fan mail either one i always reply. :-) buenas
your welcome!! :D
writing ruby after a lot of Haskell, I see that ruby really can be a thinking > coding language, I'm just not sure rails encourages this
Iron man <3
Agreed. I'm glad no one gives a crap about my band. No pressure. Ha ha.
said f*** Memphis lol I swear she made my morning/afternoon
Joyce Appleby: everything you learned in college is an answer to someone's question
lol only if u want it to b :)
Thank you!!! Yes I love that song/track!! My favorite!!
Bout to pass out in this class already <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
SAY IT AGAIN!!!! HHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAH
#OpenAccess to academic journals is perfect test case for IP activism
really? I swear Texans have MAJOR style..glamorai, sea of shoes...
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 9
Sit back and smell the roses, life's too short to be trippin over dumb shit
Looks like an indoor day. Was hoping to golf.
I've never used it. A friend in NOLA sent me the info.
she never shares with me
RT : The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra. ~ Jimmy Johnson
Thinking of starting your own part-time business - sell Soap Guy products! Call Jeff at 312-320-5862!
Thanks Jade! Congratulations on making it to step 9... Let me know if I can help you in any way.
It's pretty awesome how much comes across. Just did one recently. Audio was messed up a bit, and basic border didn't come through.
i happen tuh feel very much left out of my crew cuz my mom wud not let me be in it which is so ugly ....I DO NOT LIKE YOU MOM!!!!
I love you Andy.
Back! With a nice new phone! What did I miss?
Going to Gaga's Workshop x Barneys today :)
Lol oh okay, carry on then.
I just want a fucking snowcone.
I want to hear new production & new beats, where I can't tell what PROGRAM or KEYBOARD you got your sounds from. How'bout that?
We're the only preschool designed for children with allergies & asthma allowing children to learn in a safe environment.
Thanks for your support! :-D
RT : Packers killing it in the draft. Ted Thompson doing work.
I'm looking too :) RT : Who's selling a Vespa? Or similar motorized transportation vehicle?
will you come to Ohio to visit me and Dylan?(:
RT : Pleasure was all mine. Let's do it again soon. --> indeed. Emails to follow.
workout at belmont university. good luck in the dance!
-well of course not! ;)
Yup. We've specialized in this video style for 8+ years now. SunPop = S.hooting UN.scripted P.roductions O.f P.eople
I don't mind if you smoke weed. But if you addicted to that shit, its a turn off.
Ignite : Michael Riordan: "We took the energy of youth...and the way things are going now, it's students driving the change"
How many of you pay your telecoms bills without looking at the detail..unless its above the expected amount?
God I hope so! B)
TWITTER THURSDAYS IS GOING TO BE CRAZY THIS WEEK DONT FORGET TO BE THERE FOR 50 CENT DRINKS & LADIES ARE FREE UNTIL 1030 ! GET THERE EARLY
I'll be in LAX/El Segundo next week for a doc film I'm Co-producing. Prob very busy this shoot, but might come early on next shoot
#HoodFebreezeScents Fried Chicken just coming out the frying pan
come back!
Back at it the board is officially back online .....These niggas talkin bout beat we got em<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>me maintaining is about to payoff .....WATCH
Figured out? Not a chance. Working on it though.
Im gone shoot a rap video with my samsung galaxy note lol
Check out our open houses this
Tweet me what state or country u guyz live in then I'll tweet the one I live in.(: lol (:
hahaha it's crazy how many ppl stared at me! Wouldn't happen in SF...
Check out today's article in the metro section of the plain dealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate Cleve Clerk Court
This Friday is our first Let's Talk About it: New Conversations on the #Holocaust series feat. Hagy Belzberg. 12pm. BYO lunch and learn!
Don't know what to tweet.
NBA playoffs this is what men with inflated egos and bloated contracts do.
You can visit again and bring her! RT Wishing was with me. I enjoy sharing awesome things with her (:
I use to live in boston, that's my 2nd home. I love the
So true. Sometimes I look at the workouts and say, "NFW". I don't complain though.
Just watched a guy drop his fruit cup before having his first bite. Not a great way to start the day.
I don't get why people put their whole lives story on Facebook, like no one wants to know.
great D in the end zone by #Rampage turns into an upwind goal. PHI answers w/ goal. #Spinners up 12-6.
What's all happening.
Dinner on the ocean
- A very belated thank you for the #FF. Very much appreciated
Follow now,!
Students! Give us a shout out!!!!!!!!! Then be the 1st to show your post to the DellU rep on your campus for a prize!
Formal Fashion Alert...resurgence of the classic black tuxedo bow tie. This was shown to be prominent at the Oscars last night.
Yeah, Tyrod is nice wrinkle and the TE's are big and decent
Mike's cat claws are out. I win.
YESS SHE'S DOING LOVE GAME I DONT CARE IM GOING EVERYDAY
nashville auditions for the runway
LOL...yes, plus-size women come in handy! We tryna feed yo' skinny ass!! :-)
Goodmorning all.....what's planned for today???
I love to see a message like personal integrity stick to the ribs of our young people tonight! Acts 16:
It did! Thanks so much.
Seeing #planetoftheapes with Papa Dukes. Who's seen it already? Any good?
haha it was a good throw if I don't say so myself
“A brand is a set of differentiating promises that link a product to its customers.” Stuart Agres
oh yes!
..i think he still waitin' on my answer.
thanks to all the awesome teachers, TAs and volunteers at #railsbridge you all rock!! much love
Merry Holidays Mahomies :) Have an awesome weekend :) x
hahaha not funny
me too!
“: Thing that will make me stop following businesses on Twitter: Repeated postings, Repeated links to blog articles" / I'm with you!
According to this AM, red wine makes you healthier & beer makes you smarter...drink up, folks! It's FRIDAY!
Your face would look better between my legs.
Ok I need that penny copper hoody you had on...where did u get that? I need one!
You should know by now that Twitter is the worst place for spin-free discussions. Post-session beers are in order.
Cheer up Lil emo kids! Life hasn't even begun to start Fucking you yet. Save some whining for later.
The boy is quite accustomed to elegance; he deserves nothing less... xx... lp ~ Have a magnificent weekend!
More precisely, not unintelligible, but reflection of what editor thought key point. In which case, why use primary sources?
I think produced Ric Flair?
New phrase for me today "dress code integration."
Val Goes Virtual Kisses!
Archives partners: As fire folo, we will RT links about ex-industrial sites in Kensington/other neighborhoods - just mention
Waking up and enjoying a full cup of warm water. Settles the appetite nicely. Peaceful.
Bribing students is the Cartmenez way!
dm me about sundance. Please cisco...
I just put up a sign in my house saying BABE RUTH alive with Free agent availability LOL
CicLAvia created an open space within the nation’s densest urban area that was four-times longer than New Yorks Central Park.
But awful execution.
Yeah that sh*t is weak...
I think your cheese slid of your cracker girl lol
love your comments.
And a highlight of #dhcs2011 yesterday: furtive self-consciousness about devices when Stafford talked about attention
new greys anatomy tonight!! :) yay!.. ;p
Aw, poor baby. I hope you feel better soon!
Before I die, I want to cross ____________ off of my bucket list.
Man this apple good af so juicy just how I like it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
I guess I should tweet more often. Tomorrow getting in some me time!
Always my pleasure Andy; have a great evening. RT : Thank you kind sir.
I'll let you know once my trust fund cashes out.
“: favorite person of the day?! This is sure a compliment I will remember as long as I can!#loveyou” we love U
RT : A3b: Survivor will not know how to find help with grieving & support from others who are also on this unwelcomed journey
If the aroma of onions & garlic weren't amazing on their own, add in ginger and jalapeno.....so good. Can't wait for dinner to be ready!
When you felt sick today, I died inside, I can't bear to see you feel bad..</3
Now I can't sleep and I have finals tomorrow.
I don't care for Cedric's afterlife choices.
I beat to work.
Great day,,, worked out, made money, had icecream, && went driving.<3 oh.. &&took a nap.(:
Share our Drake Concert Ticket Give-Away Event with your friends! This is a great opportunity to win FREE tickets to an awesome concert!
Getting my stitches out today:)
Musicians beware of Bayou in DC Showed up for a gig tonight and found it was cancelled with no pay.
Why's my mom forcing me to go to the Navy?
Thai vacation coming to an end..........phi phi island is just magnificent, In a godly kind of way. Jammed last night with local band..?.
HI you're probably not on :((((
Ferdinand Porsche, designer of 911 and grandson of car company&#39;s founder, dies at 76
You daaa one.
You would think it would have better presentation
Oh man, that's trouble for me to know! I go every Saturday already. :)
my bestfrend have been mean these days
Amen! God bless you brother!
I hope it was worthwhile :)
Can't wait to find out what House Fifty Two is all about! Hints?
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw post-nuptial agreements include financial matters and how to maintain the marriage.
On my way to Universal Studios for an audition.
So happy football is over...now it's almost baseball season! :)
20 miles from Cleveland and want to take my wife to the induction ceremony...any chance u can leave 2 tix at will call?
Damn!!! you've already been down the rebellious road, NOT what I wanted to hear LOL
How are you guys feeling?
September 6th we play with The Dangerous Summer It's Ben's birthday at Midnight so come party!! Hit us up for tickets!
sleep well :-]
-Good luck! Tough act to follow: Jack Hanna and snakes...
are you serious or are you fucking with us?
Obedience can change your situation in an instant!
Thanks for the follow Steve!
Welcome to Chicago! Would love to meet you when you get settled.
: "Barbara, you should get a master's degree in this topic." Brilliant. Cc
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Slow Cooker Vegetable Chili 4.21 / 5 Stars | 110 Reviews by CORWYNN DARKHOLME "This is a very zesty and hearty c
Only slept 5 hours last night and I'm wide awake.
Happy mothers day to my mom
cause I'm awesome ;)
NYSTA 16 bar clinic a success! Thank you all!
Stay tuned everyone tonight we review a new wintery club in Yonkers called "Brrrrrrrrrrr OMG it's Coldl"
Latin Jazz & Improvisation **RECITAL ((((November 1st @ 7pm @ The Cooperage))))
it is ok big show we still luv u it was an accident
wow this is crazy that is one bad day
Heading to Seattle today!
Life doesn't get much better ... I now need to pay a penalty for having an unlicensed contractor steal my job
We had such a great time with you in Nashville. Thanks for coming down & for being so awesome!
Nothing cures the blues like Night Ranger's "You Can Still Rock In America." Aw yeah, all right. Aw yeah, all night.
At Mickey D's I could get two for 2 bucks.
How Was It ? Do You Work Friday ?
Going to the extra innings Go #Rockies !
It's a beer + Ruby on Rails kind of night
Cant wait to see
Glitch (again). I originally said to get 10 airs, but then changed it to not be SLA budget-specific.
Who's staying up (or waking up early) to watch the Mariners season opener? I'm highly considering doing so.
hey dahling!! miss u
did u get the directions i hope ur safe):
Some people are commenting on the hail that just fell. Be grateful. God just sent you free ice cubes for the graduation parties.
Thanks for the follow +Untitled (untitled_mag)! :)
What a beautiful day here in Chicago! How's the weather where you are?
If you hands you'll totally love following these guys on twitter. #yesyou #allofyou RT : Testing, Testing.
FREE TIX to first responders... :) did I mention BYOB? uh huh oh yeah
Thank you sir! - St. Bootstrapper
OMFG! SPONGEBOB! I'm so sorry! If there is anythig I can do I will! I love you #BestFriend ! I hope you feel better!<3
you called?
Check out the newest bar in the
with sabrina :)
Ask us about our Spring Embroidered Hat Specials, 48 piece min. up to 10,000 stitches, includes set-up $5.98 ea 13 Styles to choose from!
Happy Thanksgiving! We're thankful for all of our followers!
I know you wanna follow me. ;) x3
A business is prosperous to the degree that it offers a product or service that makes a contribution to joy in all of its forms.
double d what it do?
Finally reading #TheHungerGames, and it's fantastic. Not sure why I resisted for so long, but I will not be sleeping until I finish it.
have you checked us out? We're kinda different from the local scene here, but we're pretty new here.
lol Alice n Herpes
“Many of our fears are tissue-paper thin, and a single courageous step would carry us clear through them.”
i dont know they are just trying to be sober so they go to AA, haha
"Owney, the famous dog which belongs to the postal clerks of America, and whose home is anywhere in the broad land, passed through the city"
EWC Carmel LOVES Slow Flow Yoga at The Yoga Center of Indiana!
Mixture Bar Miami tomorrow, 2 41 all night 5445 Collins ave. Miami Beach
Going to New York for a long weekend in May. Any hotel suggestions?
Awesome - congratulations!
My #SUNYCUAD roundtable from last year! RT : Print in #highered can play a part in driving audiences to social (QR codes)
I could see Jack being the type that tweets before/after/during sex
4/28 11a-3p North Miami FACT Festival. Bring ur kids out 4 a day filled with fun, giveaways, edu, rescue trucks, police boats, & more!
yea im hood on twitter
Kevin Love. Love has more of a an offensive game and is just as good on D! RT better PF Love or Griffin?
Maybe. But let's stick to science. Holding meat up as unhealthy and disease-causing is not a truth.
SHE BLINDED ME WITH SCIENCE
Sitting here in Study Hall being bored as fuck dude! I don't talk to people in this lame ass school because their mostly fuckups So whatever
I completely agree. Still reveling!
oh hey tara.
i love my girlfriend so much
It appears we are have a Veggie Tales dance/sing along.... Save me!!!!! lol
:) love our song
love ur story but can i have the lumks for all of them
Dear people of the pit. If you're here, you better be prepared to move.
we are happy to help with your 7 lbs goal :)
What am I cooking for dinner
I LOVE YOU <U+2665>
Take advantage of this awesome SD weather! Exercising outdoors reduces depression by 71%!
to the venerable Mr Frost: thanks for following Better Wine Guide, following you too! Have a great weekend!
Super nervous for tomorrow. Wondering if I'm stupid enough to pass up such an opportunity just because of a stupid scab.
Amen Big Phil!
RT : Do you think QB Tim Tebow could start sometime this NFL Season for the Broncos? No way to much to learn.
RT :Check out the Director &amp; 1 of the Producers of 'Transatlantic Coffee' on the 'It's All About The Show' radio show here: http:
str8 up cuzo only one life to live and live life to the fullest and flex on everybody who hate on u
The black news reporter who swallows a bug!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
The Wizards have the best uniforms in the league and also hold the least best record.
I can see the heavens, but I still hear the flames calling out my name.
Raiders to place franchise tag on safety Tyvon Branch
Today: ½ price salads, roasted corn and shrimp bisque soup, & $5 drink specials
57 more days...no more braces. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
- Hi Doug. Would you follow me, so we can talk social media/school shootings (Chardon)? I was in KipCamp 2010 and there today
it is a #BeautifulDay in #Florida perfect for being outdoors. You picked a great day!
you're going?!!?
we love you right back! :) Save the date - our "Willy Wonka" production is June 23-24. Ok now we're watching the Tech box...
Let me get back to you on that....I want to say May 7th at Meeting Place in the Farragut North area.
Me too. I'll be at plenty more.
I brought the song blackout to life last night, so I think I'm just gonna take it easy tonight
We do need to make an East Coast trip together sometime.
Welcome to LakePlaceLiving!
yes and thanks! So far I'm liking the phone which says a lot coming from a total iPhone lover!! The camera is amazing!!!
Then my aunt saw the troll face sticker on my laptop, and I had to explain what a troll was.
Great hustle by Joe Webb, allowing Harvin to pick up an additional 10 yards with his downfield blocking
that's a good question... He is new and I am brain farting on it. Sorry about that
In high school I was voted most likely to smoke weed
so much for that diet
internet doesnt work, so I cant get any work done, so bad.
The nice guy won tonight
": "There ought to be a bonus just for being willing to teach middle school!! " With you there brother!" AMEN!!
Hi Dezel - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, following you too! Your blog looks great - keep up the good work!
haters always gonna hate
Don't know why I'm just now following
Drive To Columbus Right NowPlease .<U+2665>(:
I could kiss the lady who recommended hair lotion n the curl activator to me yesterday-yaaaaay
will do ;)
With the way things are going, you might as well just be my bitch.
Jeremy Lin slightly tore his meniscus
more like hipster.
Don't let past relationships ruin your future happiness, scars remind us of where we've been, not where we are going.
Dear #LAKings, you rock the shootout and the penalty kill, but the powerless play needs some work.
#NeverShouldYouEver say "lolz" if youre a dude ....... #suspect my dude
Free Natural Health Ebook: Lessons From the Heart – The Mind ...: As part of our ongoing effort to provide our readers with quality i...
Some dudes know all the right stuff to say
Congratulations to my dad who is the Director of the Adams County Libraries!! The levy passed!! So proud of you and your hard work!
The alarm on my iphone keeps ringing but i cant shut it off cus the screen is broken
hell yeah me too!
Those people have to get paid somehow and decent sites cost more than just creator time
I think what America needs is a nationally recognized Urgent Care chain where you always see a board certified DO or MD. And it's efficient.
Anyone want a headliner/CD release?
Well dye it purple now >:U
Have you ever earned a nick-name on the course?
worship music >>>
wuts good Bro? I see ya.
Just saw ur lovely face taking up an entire side of a bus 33rd & 7th! Woo hoo!!!
Shutout to the heauxs still posting photos in JUST hoodies talmbout "#I AMTRAYVON". Oh yeah? I could've sworn lil' homie had pants on…
Lovely. A hint of doggie sad/wise soul.
This Miami weather rocks the house!!
Brother's are so stressful >.<
Never cock block on your homie not cool
now-a-days there's too much ignorance and not enough respect...
Thanks! We all struggle to stay healthy daily & I am no exception. If we have to shock ourselves to live healthy, so be it!
Happy April 5th!!! (just kidding!) wait....
I thought all big black ladies could sing...but after karaoke tonight I stand corrected!
Can't seal a game w/ only 5 shots in 3rd period. There has to be concern about the #pens lack of ability to keep a lead against this team.
Happy Sunday! Please welcome new clients Fairway Independent Mortgage, Beaver's Honda & ComSurv Surveillance to the WebScout roster :)
I'm in love with wished and Sebastian
Cinco de Mayo fiesta dinner w/ the in-laws! Now, it's "El's night in" watching The Iron Giant.
so good to be connected again in another way!
I have some :)
please. I was literally thinking about it as soon as I left school last night. I am so burnt out #gradschoolproblems!
Whats the best thing to play on a stand up bass? Solitaire.
fix your shoe lace.
Yeah, I don't think it's too much trouble to reply.
Make this program what it is today. Best of luck to Wash U. In the post season.
It only takes a few seconds to check your info when we pull you over. We only take forever because we like fucking with you
Loving Newbury Street in Boston!
Clean out a corner of your mind and creativity will instantly fill it.-Dee Hock Good Night!
lol there were some boring parts but I really just wanted to educate myself more about it
I thought you were leaving!
Today is National Tortilla Chip Day
Metro is a cattle car. They need Temple Grandin up in here.
Indians goin this year
The American Medical Women’s Assoc folks are arriving soon to see the tasty new AMWA Exhibit curated by Intern Alex Miller. Hello outreach!
Vote for Jefferson Smith all you last-minute Portland voters! (This concludes my politicking for the 2012 primary election.)
Good night, friend. Keep up the great work :)
Miss Irma so much , but things happen. #R.I.P thoo. Two deaths within 3months? Asking God for better days!
bitch u kno what I meant
Congratulations to Marc Wilson signing with the Arizona Cardinals. Used to catch passes from this guy back in the glory days.
Who could take over the world if they had to wear inferior shoes to do it in? Priorities!
hi I don't know how but I'm getting tickets to your show June 22. I have to go. FOLLOW ME PLEASE?! <U+2665>
Colin Gordon has a good series of slides showing how not to map the Hundred Acre Wood
"By changing nothing, nothing changes"
Plz follow CO residents, do U have commercial-scale #renewableenergy projects planned? I promise helpful tweets 2 come!
he is one of my favorite writers for sure!
golf getting very interesting :)
thanks to for teaching me "Remlee".reverse.squeeze.capitalize
Show day is the best day
When it rains it pours.
I'm working
Not a big pumpkin fan but we heard something about a maple latte?
I only have 2 days of work next week and they interfere with me going to PHX so work...suck my puck!
Hearing it from now my birthday is complete... Smiles
according to pioli up the dial earlier today, they are not done at several positions. We will see.
Are U ready for some football? Pats win today.
*sniff* *sniff* *sniff* i can't find a team! i'm going to list myself on craigslist!!!
And I come into you
yeah our wedding should be held there dude
dear twitter fans and from this day on i will be hosting a street fighter IV and a Marvel VS Capcom 3 open lobby on livestream
I am not cute. Volkswagon Bugs are cute. I am...impressive.
There's nothing like getting out of the house earlier than normal and eating over 20 minutes for the bus.
I'll Be There by The Jackson 5 was the #1 song this day in 1970. I love all of their songs.
Hearing One Thing on the radio is like wondering how the radio suddenly hooked up to your ipod.
I remember when I used to think Applebees was cool and go drink during the week.
RT": ...up thinking about the game and what it means for our city..." Thanks for being a part. We know you'll give your all.
nice! Thanks!
Fuck yeah!! You kick ASS! RT : definitely, I'm jamming to "They say time heals everything" pretty awesome:)
its great being around good folks like at #GBCA brownbag on grant writing.
Always here inventing new ways to make screen printers lives easier.
well u had her in your shoutout?
Off work.<U+270C>Long day. Just cooling now <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
I really want a chair or couch for my dolls to sit on. Can't really find one in the 17" doll size.
Ant Thats Sum Shit U Never Seen B4 DC Bally Game Lol
Happy Mother's Day to the mothers and mother lovers out there.
Called 911 re car doing doughnuts our intersection and speeding. RUDE 911 operator FAIL
Key to iPad use in docent tours: no dev, use all standard software, utilize extant media sources.
The EcoBoost engine provides the power of a normally-aspirated V8 with V6 fuel economy on the MKT
Thanks for the shout-out. We'll get on that next evolution shortly :)
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 74
Not making the same mistake as yesterday. Went to the gym after 5pm on the first day of the week of new year.
RENAISSANCE MAN
And then of course I get stuck behind the slowest grandpa in Colorado.
Can someone please make a decision regarding Titty Glitter Mondays?
My little 9 year old sister just called my 13 year old sister an "unwanted little bitch"
Hi. Thank you for the offer. YES! I would love it if you would Facebook it, tweet about it, tell all of your F&B...
- Hm , I Think I Would Do Wonderss W/ A Simple Dislike Button Onn Fbook !
It's winter...
Putting as much time into shopping as it takes to create healthy, natural meals.
Picking as a running mate would be like picking Sarah Palin again. I thought republicans wanted to win the election?
I feel like getting cute.....
Will do. Will try to post small excerpt tomorrow.
Backed two potatoes and sucked them down, had corn chips then did yoga stand to make me feel better about what I had eaten...I good now.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet is even though I already met him:3
can you please tweet my name you never do it to me
U kno it is really rude to say that...
Copy that :-)
check ya fan page on Facebook homie. (Will Suber)
Beautiful day for disc golf! Join us! We're at Underwood (10602 Underwood Pkwy)!
2) Does Caroline really need someone to color in her cartoons? I mean, the economy was better in the 90s, but for real?...
n more folks are jumping off the heat's bandwagon ..... i see you
I hate change.
The pleasure is all mine. :-)
Librarians in third realm of academy outside grading and performance expectations in every other encounter.
Signed up for 's online class at Stanford on Getting Yourself Out There to sell my novel. Don't wait to sign up. Only 20 spots.
so apparently some of watic is going, if Cameron is there can you kidnap him for me?????
With that being said, its time for me to go.
Just don't put on sunglasses...you would resemble the unibomber!!
"when the pope has twitter, it's time to get off twitter."
Nice one, thanks.
Hahaa.. you a trip!lol But yea I see you.. let me make sure to stay outchea way!
don't cuss at me... LMFAO
Hint of lime chips will be the end of me. Delicious.
Thanks for #Raging with me!
If it's important that you understand & know what issue is leaving your body, then it is revealed to you.
w.e I still hope it's good lol
RT : wrkin on this track so i can finally send it to << I'm waiting
Mostly just posting because some of you have been so darn active on Twitter today that I had to join in. You know who you are.
Your magic is rising, you asked us to watch you and we are!!Lovin the news and hope you are feeling the love.
YES! Now #SpikyTodd and #FredTodd need twitter accounts. You should set one up & talk to about #FredTodd's
thank u so much for your kind words and may God bless you also have a wonderful day.. <Zee>
My wife sent me on another adventure today... Pray for me! thanks babe -
Wanna do something for me? FOLLOW and ? K. Thanks, bye. <U+2764>
jbfc_ny Burns Film Center Looking forward to tonight at ! Plus meet the man behind the puppet! t.co/lukiyVpX ^RS
Start with basic changes to ur #diet or #exercise pgm. Change one meal first, or drop ur worst offending food only first.
The bad news: our email is down. The good news: we're only days away from leaving our horrible email service forever.
A3 :U could also invite them to board mtg. Might do good to show exec teams what they're missing by not tuning in to SM.
I love what Paul Thomas Anderson said about "Network." He said, "It's one of the best screenplays of all-time… maybe." :)
people r disloyal but God is faithful. HE UNDERSTANDS They did it to him as well!
Just took my company's required online wellness test -- and scored so low that I fear I may die before the sun comes up.
WOO!!! 's album is out in all time zones in the USA off itunes. Pick up a copy there or in-stores today!:D
I'm gonna be completely honest....I really really really really like acoustic covers.
hi josh havent sen you on in awhile
Has anyone contributed to Alamy before? What was your experience like?
Trying to get over a flu & watching #SOTU , wondering if it's counter-productive. I just won't watch the response - that'll cause a relapse.
*HUGE MEMBERSHIP SPECIALS TODAY ONLY* Hybrid and HP MEMBERSHIPS ON SALE FOR AN AMAZING PRICE, Ask a Salon Associate for more details!
Stare down contest with a blazin fire in a fireplace....
Editing before layout AND proofreading after layout = a quality book. Just fixed 76 errors in a 170-pg book. Glad our client believed us.
ugh it's so fucking wrong !
If people could do the math, they could understand that there isn't pretty much any difference between financing and leasing a car.
My son is so fast. He didn't get his speed from me. LOL
thank you! you should come join us on Nob. 4-6! are you in the Chicago-area?
Thanks 4 doing a Q&A after the screening of Sound of My Voice. Hearing ur stories inspires me to keep writing!
cause I had already signed alaynas
Woot! RT : Delighted to announce that I'll be joining Barrett Honors College as a Faculty Fellow @ Arizona State in Jan 2013!
all I wanna do is tweet John Mayer lyrics, but there are so many amazing ones
Today went by fast!:)
oh sweeti why ? Just relax !
the holidays are coming up-- let us serenade your special event!
Niggas always think you lying even when you try to explain but hey a nigga gona believe what he wants...believe that
Supposed to be sunny today in Houston! Finally!
congrats and good luck
same here! Lucky us! :)
Are clothes required? Bring your own rohypnol? I need details.
Tryna get it n put my shit up
things looking good for the bball camp???
: Twitter Fest! Who wants pho tonight?
SPLASH MOUNTAIN! no ducks fans in disneyland. we're committed.
You can expect to see me at warped with a set of Hanes medium boxer briefs, and six meths.
Hi Lisa :)
please remove me from your list please please please
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone and safe travels from all of us.. Enjoy your family, friends, Packer game :) and the spirit of this holiday!
This is my first Tweet.
My grandma is
i'm not ignoring you, i have no signal, damn.
Back from world cup qualifier at RFK, USA beat Cuba 6-1 and qualifies for next round
I know it is not yet the 14th, but god do I hate Valentine's Day
yes in Korea apparently- seeing a lot of photos on instagram, etc
Time to get a shovel and do some grave robbing then
Not really fitness related, but who's watching the Ringer season finale tonight?
im willing to give up smoking and other stuff to put in the time
Hey, thanks! I'll check that out! We're gathering a lot of pics for our renovation plan right now. Very helpful info! Thxs
Thanks, you're entered to win! :)
Thank u!! Such an exciting game! Looking forward to tomorrow night against the Warriors!
March = 2nd best month of year?
Awww! I love you too!! <3
Some of you <U+2642> are self centered && some of you <U+2640> are over the top…get off that high horse && get it 2gether
My candle burns at both its ends; It will not last the night; But oh, my foes, and oh, my friends -- It gives a lovely light
Thanks to and Starbucks I'm getting my half price Frappuccino Happy Hour buzz on. Yum.
Can't get used to WKO+
Ozzy just finished. TG no bat heads bitten on the show (i'm showing my age, aren't I?)
to the girl walking her dogs wearing a "top" the size of a Kleenex and boy shorts too small for an anorexic Barbie doll, stop and no.
yes I'm getting your tweeds. How's the conditions?
There might have not been any fireworks but the food was banging
one more day of #work..does that make your upset?
Unless the Lord tells me otherwise. I am just going to focus on 2 things today. - iOS app and going to a meeting in the afternoon.
dang, I am sitting on a small fortunate in my bedroom apparently. I had no idea. REALLY. none.
Come hear our preacher! He's not that good but he's short!
Close. I have a ramekin filled with Cadbury Mini Chocolate Eggs.
Best of luck to the team today hope you girls keep it rolling rest of the year and Ihopetosee &
THANK YOU EVERYONE THAT TUNED IN!!! MAKE SURE TO TUNE IN TOMORROW #JACKIESPEAKSSHOW MUSIC BY DJ SSB MANANA
I be off the shits, I really be off the shits
...and don't forget to follow the Maryland SPCA
I would really like to spend 24-48 hours with Do you want to hire me during the first round?
I have heard you're going to be at SXSW 2012! well, I live at it. so if you want a fried avocado taco, I know the spot.
Thanks much! RT :
TRAFFIC: WB I90 @ Lake Delton - Road is open, but semi remains in the median from a rollover around 5:30am - Delays
hahaha oh yeah that sounds a lot more fun. Port wasn't that exciting tonight. There was a lot of people of all shapes and sizes.
Last day of 7am Warm-Up Class for the semester was today. Hm, whatever shall I do with these open early mornings now?
doin good. My mom has to baby sit kids and I had to help her
what he thinks the shape of the universe looks like?
I will probably go back at some point at least part time. Have considered statistics, comp sci, and bfa. I like to learn.
Fuck . Who forgot to put another roll of tissue in the bathroom ?! -_-
Watching do some vile stuff in #TheDarkness2. When games hit photo-realism this stuff is not going to be easy to watch over lunchtime
Happy ChristmaHanuKwanSolsticember to all Goose Hollow residents, fans, and general appreciators alike.
: I have to admit I do that too lol. Hate spiders:/
Places where you don't need to use irony: the fashion world, Marina Abromovic's brain, and preschool.
Follow us on Twitter Flo Fusion Fitness
Goodnight friends!!!! Tomorrow is friday rest up follow also sweetdreamz
I cut my hair & my blonde is gone :(
Just got a glimpse into 's work notebook and saw a drawing of his feelings. Keep it up Chris!
R.I.P. Whitney Houston! Your music will keep you alive for ages...
that's ridiculous! I assumed that the fool of a school board member somehow got fired. Hope for the future fading...
Follow for all the #NFLdraft pick updates and PR commentary!
Me and my close friend out networking at jmacs. in the building.
m talking the big 4 local networks available to everyone if you know what i mean. The ones that shape the public views.
Alf wants to go listen to rap music on a street corner with his bros. Wearing a tie-dyed shirt and a wig.
#callme And he did it with gusto! I wonder if buttscooting down the hall would've helped?
You know, the styles of the 80s are all coming back.
NCAA National Championship trophy without a doubt. Why? Because the Wildcats won it this year and that makes it even more special.
Thirsty Thursday today... quench that thirst with an ICE cold delicious Stinky Gringo Margarita :)
I forgot my watch & now my wrist feels naked.
can not wait for the #BELIEVE tour. You work soo hard and we all appreciate it all.
it's called
you and austin are crazy on your random videos, lol!
Save the date for "The BBQ" -Labor Day weekend!
You're ma nigga, you're ma brotha, you're ma friend, promise that you'll hold me down until the end
better go to dolphin tomorrow, or I'll drag her all over the school with
YES! Artists are so far really interested & esp. strong response from scholars of all backgrounds. Will be a great confluence.
BTW I love the iPhone app!
Hey, i think I helped you at a car dealership in Scottdale AZ @ Airpark Dodge last year in service. Have you been there?
For sure, we heard you guys did the album. We'll definitely check metrosonic out
you don't know that! Meanie! Waaahh~. :(
seriously when was the war of 1812. . . are you serious!
No offense intended, I am sure, to the third or fourth child in the family.
Working Harder than the next man so the next man can't take my place!
Obama Gay Marriage Announcement: Many Black Americans Shrug Off New View: ARDMORE, Pa. -- Like many black Americans, Dorsey Jackson d...
Love it - RT : Teaching entrepreneurship when you've never run a business is like teaching literature without being a reader.
Nice work today it was fun!
thanks Mike - we should do something together soon!
Good show tonight at the cup. It's fun playing when any note you want is there. Thanks to everyone that came out!
I dont know where this rain came from...definitely wasn't paying attention to the forecast on my phone...
check out my new music video on you tube typing Phanuel why
This is only the beginning...
man, i need a best friend.
Classic gate 35. Find comfort in knowing your experience is the norm...?
YIPPEE! Just found out we won a Bronze Anvil of Commendation Award!
I didn't think of Target. I have to check it out the next time the bug hits fir a Slurpee.
OHMYJESUS we've been looking for that for like years lol
I'm going to keep smiling
Thank you!! Anytime!!
awww now i seem like a mega bitch. are you ok?
#YouGePointsIf you have colored eyes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
If my stares created heat, the guy sitting in front of me at the library would be wearing a nice, backless shirt. If he survived the burns.
Long game
First of its kind return of premium health insurance! Endorsed to own by author....... Call 1 888 272 6110 for product or career info now!
Hey Does Superman like snow? for & and a #NBA draft pick could help
#TheBestFeelingIsWhen you get home from a long, stressful day of work & you can relax, peacefully with your aroma diffuser & favorite oil!
#Budwieser commercial inspired this... #Milwaukee, If you could raise up your glass and cheers right now..what would you cheers to?
pizza And beer for me
JORDAN DARLING...EVICT NATALIE SHE MADE UP THE LIES & GOT KEVIN TO TWIST IT AROUND TO JEFF...DONT BE FOOLED!!
Why must school have to start tomorrow!!
Hoe ass rain
baby why don't we just
Just finished tour of SD airport's $1 billion expansion; officials say 10 new gates, easier access by Aug. 2013
Wow, great picture!
at downtown public library using a computer next to a guy reeking of booze, playing air guitar to Nickleback videos on YouTube.
Aye guys May 25 stay asleep the whole day E....(;
I know that feel.
Thanks for supporting the art of magic. I look forward to crossing paths in our magic endeavors.
Marie dmed you
Maybe some metal will clear my sinuses.
WOO!!! can't wait now <3
Yup, both boys like getting their hair cut. Ethan just likes to get really shaggy in between cuts, Jake wants short hair.
cuz I just don't have the heart for it anymore. nor do I have the desire to be a singer/songwriter.
thank you!! I'm celebrating with Reese's on the couch with my computer :-)
I finally found the words to say…..I want you
Freaks come out night. what, what, what
me to
yea and where is he??
Yesterday was amazing! I haven't sleep over 50 hours! PARTY ALL NIGHT <U+2665>
Looking for a good lesson to teach Primary VS Secondary sources. Anyone have anything fun/exciting/good?
your miles from moesha lookin azz your Paul from temptations looking azz you got on a snapback and sum tap shoes in your twit avi
Depuy Pinnacle Lawsuit: Femur Fracture and the Risks It Involves
#Romney's campaign pledge: "An offshore tax haven for EVERY bank account!"
everytime i turn around i have to pay a bill -_-
Friendship Never explain - your friends do not need it, and your enemies will not believe it anyway.
Your Welcome (so formal u are)
Put your future in good hands - your own. ~Author Unknown
#liber2011 Starting up: Europeana Regia, a collaborative library of royal mss. from Medieval and Renaissance Europe.
Yea boy!!!
- Arod has nothing in the tank anymore.
Denver peeps get on it RT Word only 100 tickets left for our Denver CD RELEASE SHOW! get your tickets while you still can.
tells me our cat is looking like he has another urinary tract infection. Good thing the last one only cost us $1,000. Shoot me.
When my dog snores > hahahahaha
CNCC's name is too much to type out.
If you facebook middle name is something like BeAutIfuL_Guuurl I'm unfriending you.
Got "Doo-Wops & Hooligans" on Repeat!
I'm cleaning. And listening to the Glee Cast Pandora station. Fuck my life.
Bad Girl ! Adele Wins It Glad she sings better than she talks!
You got that shit that everybody looks for, but can't find.
Thanks buddy.
I'll buy you hot Cheetos and zebra popcorn
Ironman or Hulk - Both!! :)
Thank you so much for the kind words, Susan!
Ah loud noises!!!!
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul. ~ Judy Garland
hope to see you when I go to Cali in August!
#ireallywant you too realize that I'm the only one that's meant to be with you...
Watching Liar Liar. I freakin love this movie!
What a trying week leading into a trying weekend. Ready to flip this frown upside down!!
I'm just about frustrated enough to believe that.
"You only find out who is swimming naked when the tide goes out."
Pay attention to the people that help you when you're low, so you know who to ignore when you're at your high
Apparently both my parents know about Mossad, the Israeli CIA. Who ARE these people living with me?
(NBA Jam voice) "He's on fire!"
For up-to-the-minute news on International #JazzDay, on April 30, follow
Getting my hair done... can't grow it out
Day 3 Insanity Workout....I CAN'T FEEL MY LEGS!!! Damn
Goodnight peoples.. Talk to you in the morning
My foot fell a sleep. It looks so cute, i don't want to wake it.
Haha, stupid large fingers on an iphone leaves for many typos
I'm not baiting, just stating my opinions.
wats wrong with it being a male??
child please, i worked like 50 at foster alone
OMG FOLLOWED ME HE MADE MY DAY OMG I CAN'T STOP SMILING THANK YOU SO MUCH IT MEANS THE WORLD TO ME TI AMO <3
Anything is possible!
jay why didnt you just retweet?
Followe me back
home come see me
He was a cornerback at the University of Texas. He's a Junior that's entering the draft early.
Thank you!! RT“: I love your guys show :) Your AMAZING!”
- Better. These girls are just impromptu busting a move in public. It's like an adorable mini-mob.
Nuggets have been able to run on Lakers rather easily. Imagine what Westbrook, Durant and Harden will do 2 Lakers in next round.
yay! we'll text you tomorrow!
thank you! <3
that's exactly what I was thinking
Jethro Tull makes the flute a rock instrument. I have yet to see any other bands do the same.
Yo I miss Ed, Edd, and Eddy
just went to buy a grill and got home and it was a crock pot hahaha.
What's 50 ft long and smells like pee? The line dance at the old folks home!
Phoenix Flame~ A mistake proves that someone stopped talking long enough to do something.
Everyone is spamming i'll never get noticed.
yes! I had a professor that rambled on the problem statements he wrote for homework!
S/O to everybody graduating today! Especially my Trine folks in the grimey gola! Lol
Good luck. You can only go up from 1-9. Haha
you have a port?
Bosh just BUSTED out of the closet singing hymns with that one
. will feature "Pizza by the Slice" at #ConcertsontheCurve at the Main Stage.
yea, total madhouse. Hope it was fun!
yeeeaaahhhhh about rowling bein better than the twilight girl.
A proposal to bring in Army medics to cover a shortage of doctors at a hospital's emergency department is criticised by MPs.
Omg my sister webacammed with Drake and he sang to her :((( <3 I was just watching on the sidelines, shocked.
Happy Mother's day to all the beautiful mothers in the Twitterverse. This is the day that we all get to be Queens. Make it special.
bros before hoes, but you know lil bros before big bros.
Andre Gide: “Everything that needs to be said has already been said. But since no one was listening, everything must be said again.”
None of us are virgins because life screws us all!
we hope he continues to!
Luke Putkonen not looking very confident as Leyland brings him into the game.
I don't smoke it anymore, but I still say
That's it. You're gonna be known as Bambi from now on......
What does Fat Tire, AZ Cardinals, AZ Diamondbacks and The Blenderz all have in common? They will all be on at Fatso's tonight.
ya side was lucky last saturday..
everyone please follow my friend > he is very sweet, nice, and cool
RT : Whoa. The guy who played Scott Pilgrim's first evil ex in the movie, Satya Bhabha, is Homi Bhabha's *son*.
Wrapping up #scholarsday12 here w/ a great team of interns who produced a ton of stuff today. 3 videos loading, 2 more on way.
Thirsty Thursday! $1 $1 beer y'all! I wanna see a #BatsBlast <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><U+2764><U+26BE>
What I really want for Father
no nigga this was in like January or something! It was a slow song!!
Back home from TribalCon. What an Adventure! All DVDs from the past month shows will be going out this week.
Never ask a #coworker if they need help right before their smoke break.
you ok
Did he really say that?
Man this hurts. The #Brewers #Cubs series is a battle to stay out of last place. Ouch!
God I know! & School usually goes pretty slow.
Need service on CSC Lawyers Incorporating Service? Call us! Need Divorce papers served in Sacramento or Elk Grove? Call us! 916-996-4363
thanx for the RT's ! really appreciated!
My bestfriends mom made frozen cookies with whipped creme <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
looks like my bmore kitties! very cute!
when a parent doesn't want a line the brook it. Or lite taper fade. To show clean cut.
Man that NutriGrain bar was real! I need another one...maybe two more
thank you! I need it lol
I can not follow you! I do not know,sorry :( yeah me too !!! we are BELIEBERS
Become a fan of the Champions Tour on Facebook
Something is wrong with me as I am so excited about broncos game sat - must be tebow fever!!
The difference between try and triumph is a little umph. Everyday I'm finding I'm giving a little extra umph to create a successful business
Ugh. I hate when people get me going on politics. Especially when they get caught up in the politics part. Wake up already, America!
I haven't seen it yet. went to a midnight showing on Friday. I wimped out and stayed home to sleep.
CHRIS KELLY, game 1,
Now playing:
#Plusone Bash Jones "tip the bartender" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net/tunein.php
I ain't beat a nigga ass in a long time that bout to change on my son
Delivering the Revolution to Pub on Passyunk East and on Friday. Know another place you'd like to see us? Let us know.
- has a day without meetings today!
I enjoy the sound that a zip tie makes.
Just pulled out the bread maker from the closet of gadgets. Do you think it still works? Remember when these were popular?
Too funny out here Hahahahahaha
yea i'm crying.. i just saw perform you guys did amazing i love u
Who is going to the DC Food and Wine Festival this weekend?
of course it is ok to be happy with the last two wins
At darien lake to see Blake shelton...Jerrod was great can't wait to see shelton..
The truth, its Friday bitch.
Thanks to you boo
Austin doesn't follow me. Even if he did I wouldn't because I can't make him do anything
that's some MAJOR thundersnow!
If last night indicates how Little 5 is going to be next weekend consider me a happy camper
Drink while you think! Come in tonight for trivia starting at 8 and enjoy $2 off 's imperial pints, house wine and rail cocktails!
ya hadoop's possibilities are really exciting!
Oohh, 31 notes on my Tumblr post in one evening. Meow!
is everything okay?
Why can't I be tan.
Happy Hispanic Heritage Week -- how are you celebrating?
my weekend was pretty good. Getting ready for work now. Hugs back babe, nice and tight. Hope you have a great Monday
Discovery Center
who cares? Let's make it happen!!
Follow back?
gotta be dedicated thats the problem with music now days
sometimes it hits you, that life is too short. Get happy,love your family and friends and forget about the people that don't make you smile
Apparently my sky miles that were a free ticket two months ago mean nothing now. Not my fault fuel went up! I just want a vacation!
Expecting a huge crowd tonight for senior night!
< feminism. Problem is that sexism operates differently for dif groups of women (trans, queer, poor, etc) & the crappy radfems>
It was straight.
Thanks Good show. Great laughs.
Hello Cookout. I have missed.
Finally home! I'm tired than a mug...
Oh boy do I love my girlfriend
Follow The Wanted my fav band! check em out <333
so cute it hurts. ouch.
he's a member of MBLAQ >< <- youngest brother of sandara park of 2NE1.
Wouldn't dare. RT : TOO many extra LBS from Holiday Junk. Going running tonight. DO NOT try and stop me.
Can I marry you or
Lynch is no great RB. Streaky at best. Alexander was the real deal & had it not been for a few strange calls, Sea wins SBXL.
thank you! proud to be a part of such an amazing place -- looking forward to day 4!
common refrain, isn't it. MSM, esp cable, do wall-to-wall on a single story rather than use their 24 hrs wisely. Thnx for noticing
that's to bad
I love big! It's amazing and smells fantastic!
I'm about to start a RIOT...bs aint about nothing
Food>anything eles
Ben is preparing for his last two Lion King perhormances
It was glorious.
Shooting again on a #Kelloggs commercial on Friday!!! Woo-hoo
2011.10.09 #postseason #Brewers #Cardinals | Bike down to the game / with Sue, Dottie and twin bro / tailgating with friends
Two short one-week contracts. Simultaneously happening next week! Quick, easy money in the city. Love that! How are you?
May 18- Amina Figarova sextet at the Manchester Craftments Guild in Pittsburgh, PA
Thanks for plugging the SCORE Daily! Glad it's helpful
Probably 30 minutes
- hm....sounds like a goodbye.
The bigger the bill, the harder you ball.
I left my USB for a week & they called to tell me I forgot it. My USB has my name and tel # on it. Reminder to others, do the same.
#emschi Last day! is making it count. Great info about tracking people at
ahahaha omg so funny...NOT :O
mansion! Come!
.ha I suck right now ..
The hardest thing in life is remaining faithful while times are hard. God promises "I have overcome the world." - John 16:33
i need a dutch for this one. somebody bring me one please.
i like the fake girls. more cushion for the old man for the pushin
Good morning! Watch KXAN News Today we have a major announcement around 6:45ish! See you soon.
I say we all meet from some BBQ & LIVE Texas Music & don't look at the clock...
We have a charge from your restaurant on our debit card, but never visited it. What do we do about this?
Don't be anyone but yourself... Be Genuine...
Congratulations to Sandra Hassel she is the lucky winner of our Anniversary Gift Basket!!! We look forward to seeing you!!
Let's get this training over and done with and get a couple dollars in my pocket
Would you be a dream, on the wings of a poem, and if you were walking through a crowd, you know I'd be proud
thats my jam yo.. me and marcus be knowin the jams lol
Didn't Jim Gentile do the same thing with the Orioles in the 60s or early 70s? Or maybe that was in back to back innings
thx carol, glad to see more good news from your work this week.
Worst day ever oh my god
Yes we all understand Beyonce is pregnant. Now shut the fuck up.
Checks under Brettman's duvet. Nope, you're safe as houses.
Watching the 2001 western conference finals. Lakers vs Kings. Shaq has 29 points 12 rebounds and 6 blocks in three quarters.
There are six of you? And you all manage to be adoreable! Like :D
Holy Family girls basketball defends No. 1 ranking, beats No. 2 Eaton, 50-36. I would know- I made the 1.5 hour drive!
don't tell me his friend is Conner lol
Sorry, I have been reading some crazy things over the past half day or so.
Spurs play often sloppy, giveaway basketball ... and win by 16. Yowza.
I have done it! Will post fabulous new visual confection on Etsy either later today or early tomorrow-Depending on completion of twin
RT : Good luck to all the guards at #WGI2012 this weekend! Especially !! Get it pride!!”
i know u want cinci's shorts right now
Caldwell jazzed for weekend with the Solano Symphony - Vallejo Times-Herald
It's purple Friday! Time to talk about... language? talks to about the word "rape" in sports metaphors.
Any scoop on where Roger Clemens is staying this week?
Anyways good morning lovelies
Now Watching Cameron Diaz & J.Lo are absolutely stunning!! Love watching them together.
I defy you to name one industry or sector that cannot benefit from better content searching and organization using taxonomies. Bring it on!
I am testing out twitter to see how I may use it.
HIDE YO KIDS, HIDE YOUR WIFE..HIDE YOUR MUM... IZZ BACKK ;)
yes, though humor is always tough, so very subjective
those were the good old days
On my way home from Miami. was awesome and was good also.
hey your tweet pic you look sexy with u pretty eyes so when you coming to Miami you know the playoff start go Knicks
Oh man! Took a shower earlier and water went inside my right ear. It bothers me still, and It won't go away.! What should I do? DM
Wonderful day so far: Buns at Family Pastry in Chinatown, soap from in Pasadena, & a little bit of patio gardening...
#newbalance definitely has the market cornered with men over 50.
Thank you!! She belongs to a ton of groups--click on link tab. Great!
I am in tears! I had prayed that she would learn to live a healthy life and use her new voice.
And yeah, I used Paypal for it
Did you hear about the blonde that stayed up all night to see where the sun went??? Wait for it... It finally dawned on her! :)
I do not feel good... Wish my baby ain't have ta work today..!!
The Ayinger will probably only last through the weekend, so if you want some, come quick!
Ardmore or Ada for groceries when you're from ...what's that smell...oh back home..Sulphur,OK!!!! lol
Mom was airlifted to chicago.. Emergency surgery..possible anurism. please keep her in your prayers.
My phone is better then urs lol
For a boost of energy, there’s nothing like exercise. Lace up your sneaks and get walking, even when feeling sluggish!
the phones are going crazy right now!!!! I think somebody wants #xfest tickets for their whole crew ;)
It's not for a particular audition, its just going to be a backup monologue for when all goes wrong
You're right, "other" is a tricky category. But is it an important issue, and it's something we're thinking about. Thanks!
we can still hope that life will imitate hoax!
My ultimate dream now is just to get my books published. Through all the shit that's happened, I can heal if my dream comes true.
New video shoot coming soon. Details to come ...
haha nah man no crack heads or cheeseburger spots yet
I am very please follow is my new account please everyone !!!
definitely still a Monday!
Sorry to hear about your car. Civility and respect for our neighbors and ourselves is a must.
Have you seen the wonderful renovations .... All for are fabulous clients!
Some of our faves
Gran just showed me the 1, 2, 3 cakes....she said when she showed you, you asked if she was trying to make you fat
Love finds its most natural and spontanious expression in giving.
get to 1000 #followers!
I don't know why i like How I met your Mother
Yes she does! RT : yes my girlfriend Ree does ROCK
#idol. <3 to good to tweet during. :)
Steve Harvey..!
Thanks, Ted. Somehow I knew that already :-) Be in LA next week for TCM Film Fest. Let's find a time to meet.
Today I sent my half of the book revisions to my co-editor! Celebrated with wine, Xbox and friends. Good weekend.
I'm a nobody, nobody is perfect, therefore I'm perfect.
Strategic Talent Group is a full service Talent Management Firm headquartered in Los Angeles California. www.strategictalentgroup.net
IT looks like something out of a psych ward where no one gets enug H20 and it just rained. .
"I like to use to the word "dude" As a noun, or an adverb, or an adjective" :D
Modern alternative and indie #music venues like the 9:30 Club are attracting popular acts to smaller more-intimate
bro thats what ive been doing for the past couple weeks. trust me it works
Yes I do get pissed jealous when I'm chosen over others
Until 5:30 tonight. I have to do my work since I have been procrastinating all day. I needed Van time Now would be better
Follow me Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating ;)
That moment when you take a really big sip and realize your coffee was sweetened. The worst. The fucking WORST.
Carroll: Time to get in authors faces & let them know many audiences will be blocked from access if they sign publishers agreements
WOW! So many Jimena Yanez on twitter! If you are a Jimena follow me :)
COOLER THAN ALL OUTDOORS!
Lake Calhoun workout
Could I please receive the secret code that if entered telephonically will patch me thru 2 u which means it will be ur beautiful ass number?
Heat got this !<U+E42A>
Thanks for the follows new followers! Looking forward to sharing and learning!
Just sent out a resume for a job I'd LOVE to have! Not even sure they have anything available but praying they either do, or will have soon!
Wow the hawks won damn good game
you go girl!
Thank you=] Love all your support... You two are the best!
What the hell is the background music in 'Mercy' saying?! haha someone please fill me in.
ss and rentless, a prophecy, cowboy king, the final episode
Then go back 2 sleep -lazy lol
lunch all the time!
Loving hearing say that social media is very important for the future of marketing
Amazing weekend! :)
Fingers-crossed we'll have some more news soon.
thanks:) and no problamo friend
love to discuss the future of PLE in schools. Can we skype? Mail one of the seven fantastic tools
i would be. never let him between u and exit. Even though my son has never done that I still take precautions.
Aww, thanks man! Do you have the '04 or '06 set? One lead to a nervous breakdown and the other to a new life.
lol I see you struggling
thank you! Been keeping you on the radar. Saw the preview last year. Looks great.
Saw Good People at the Geffen on Friday and loved it!
Ok im done talking my shit
Great meeting Kim from last night Thanks for your hard work on the Fest.
yo what up? hows beach like @ myrtle. tell miles wassupppp! I might become a patriots fan hard core now!
i miss and other friends i cant find from barry so much!!!
Editing to #POTC soundtrack. How's that for motivation!
Great auditions today for #DanceWorksBoston season four!
*txt* my house.
We're w/U! RT : We stand (until we get wobbly, then we sit) w/the 8% who love craft beer!
Feeling like a productive day today! Snows melting away, the sun is out (sort of??), got my Bauhaus coffee and I'm ready to go!
Happy Mother's Day mom hope it is good for you, if not there is always next year. Just playing.. See you tonight. Love Chuck
IM THE VIDEO MAN
Nobody does jeans and a t-shirt better than me.
oh tia ur so silly this is me being normal
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. Abraham Lincoln”
Make sure you check out tweets too! Tons of #resume tips!
hey Jon I'm gonna see your cousin Mark tonight. You want me to comp his meal
Today is another day of my fave things in the world #bikinis #gym #fitness life is yummy!
how quickly we forgive RT : : USA Today says Vick's jersey will soon crack the top 25 in sales.
I've been sort of involved since moving here in '10 but started a real position with them this past August.
Hunger Games was good! Have you read the books?
Neither am I, neither... Am... I. Haha.
S/O to and for bustin it out at the dance recital! And for being pretty. :)
I'm convinced Dylan ratigan has nothing to say and just strings together words like "transparent society" hoping well think he's smart
How can you tell when a drummer is at your door? The knock gets faster.
indeed. Hope you find one under the tree. Or, you know, a rock. :)
#obl Already threats coming in from terrorists against the US for killing their leader
<U+263B> Thanks for the follow. If you're looking to change your life like I was here is a free $50 gift <U+2708> {link--------------
All you can do is Pray.. You'll be amazed at how many fewer ear infections they'll have afterwards tho. :D
I LOVE this song(: 11:11
giving a shout out to falcons hockey today!!!!!!
How do we get on the vip list
what do you have two twitter accts
You're a Hobbit fan? Have you read Runelords? They're producing that a movie too. Vote for actors
Discovered 's Aim and Ignite. Perfect, bold, emotional, not fey or twee; beautiful, happy & sad. Instant love! Monster talent!
lmao...if you want to lose im down G
Guess I'll go ta PNC tmrw cause ion feel lik gettin up today until I gotta go ta work
I can't even lie, LeBron getting that 4th foul was just the motivation he needed & he definitely stepped it up this 4th quarter
.. You can still kiss me (;
In the 1st year of the Civil War, William Cooper Nell became clerk of the Boston PO, making him the 1st Af-Am to hold a US Federal Position
I'm still voting but follow please!
one more goodluck before the haters jump in. Really wish #bbn had ya good luck
Dawsons corner should just tell him to keep putting Hopkins on the ropes
A lot of the time when I wear my glasses, I forget they aren't sunglasses and that people can see my staring at them.
Looking to host a birthday party in DC. Any recommendations for a bar / restaurant with a private room for about 30 ppl? Something low-key.
OH = overheard
don't know if ill make it, but cafe Alma is keeping poetry alive
I can see the sunlight above the trees here in Milwaukee for the first time in what seems like forever. Please be a great day get to golf
Fifth time I've heard "have no idea who this kid is" and Cleveland takes him in the third.
Umm excuse me who has the #MexicanFiestaPlatters I need somemore!!!
#RedWings fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#RedWings #Predators)
no. I was too stunned by the ensemble.
I know I smile normally lol but I don't put a ':)'
haha they better or it's do or die game 7!!!!
Pantsless Monday: A new Mike & Mike tradition (like no other).
No kid(s) for me , my summer will be all about fun (& work) hopefully .
I wish that I could wear red leather pants like that.
Aint Talked To Eric Sense 12 Time To Get The CUTTING!
Love evil plans;)
I just came on Twitter on an actual computer for the first time in a LONG TIME, and I love your background.
Guess What? It's holiday party season and if you book now receive a special gift! So get on the horn and email
oh alcoholic ovaltine...great beer
I literally love everything right now. I feel like I am Oprah, I love YOU, and I love YOU, and here's some love for YOU.
Achiever | Reagan McCants collected prom dresses for storm victims - Louisville Courier-Journal
is looking for Core Transport Engineers for CA and WA. Strong Ethernet and Layer 2 experience is required.
she's great. A little more grumpy with age....hm just like her owner
Update: I just ate a salted caramel cupcake from
2062 #TheJetsons we should have flying cars every where! Im sure way before.They do exist & down payments have already been made!!
Answer to health question. What U choose2eat will have more of an impact on your weight than exercise. Exercise is helpful, food choic
I'm ready bro
you will be on your way soon enough, i think ;) i hope it is a great trip & game for you :)
I hope he's just plotting against his local produce dept.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. Mother Teresa
#RAW time!! I think I'm a little in love with !
congrats on the win! :)
wouldn't say the Red Sox deserve it either.
oh! I packed it away in my shape-ups box.
is it that bad? lol u funny about that
and I are such kidsters. :)
Freshly made bed, candle light and Christmas movies are making me happy tonight.
that's more right wing FUD. I don't take any news source seriously that pops up a Sarah Palin ad overlay over its articles.
Small business owners need loyal, repeat customers and steady traffic for their business. is here to help. Get in touch!
Music all day. It keeps me sane.
Sam Jackson, Dexter, and the weekend's top movies in todays Bucket! theentertainmentbucket.com
Happy belated birthday !!
Henry Ford revolutionized the auto industry, improving the American Dream
I'm not what you dream of, I'm right here. You just need to wake up and realize that I'm here for you.
Productivity, leverage and insight come from participation in a supportive biz community. Find the "best" for you and be more dependent.
Ill just Throw A Couple Bills Nd She'll Have a Pair of Heels On
33-12 in last 45 picks! We're on FIRE! Almost 75% winning right now! 11 picks today. Email to get a great deal!
Let's all give thanks to God for allowing us to be up to see another day of our natural born lives
It's going to suck when I actually have to do work next period.
great job tonight mathai!
Abstract accepted to 4S/EASST! Now to figure out if/how I can afford to go to Copenhagen.
Tip of the day: Always put your papers in a plastic bag before you walk around in the rain.
Seat laid back heater on jacket over the chest set to go haha :)
then why not make a movie? ;-)
shid i need to go lol
Porsche's new baby crossover uncovered, targets younger buyers The newest Porsche, a baby crossover inspired by the larger Cayenne SUV an
Need to evaluate OPDS as an option as new partners enter the supply chain. Lighter-weight than ONIX.
Boston chocolates are better!
Final NAMM details, submit several ads, hair appt, new driver's license, new bank card, laundry, pack, kids, replace headlight, fix phone!!
Good luck...let us know your favorites!
shitd! give me about 5yrs to work out then check my AVI when I take it off! All the followers I need lol!
via Abraham Seed <U+200E>"Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired."
Finally somebody grew nuts
In the middle ages, people believed that dogs teeth boiled in wine made an excellent mouth rinse for tooth decay prevention.
Happy 2 hear u got a chance 2 watch the #video directed by Thanx 4 sharing the link.
#ThingsThatBotherMe those girls who flirt with every guy.
please follow me back?
Head over #fsu #famu to the capital
Friday, The Cure
You're such a great inspiration.
Want info on PowerPoint design for webinars? Check out Becky Pluth's session at #ASTD2012 Tuesday 4:00PM, Room Mile High 2/3 B
Happy Friday, #Tucson! Getting exciting out there--#Dow up, #Facebook #fbIPO ready to launch in a few minutes, markets optimistic.
Kentucky, Missouri, Kansas, Ohio State
This American finally noticed after 2 days that she was the only person n Toronto ignoring pedestrian traffic signals. Learning 2b patient!
Seriously how fabulous is ?? She isn't even a real housewife and she's still my fave person on the show
I'm in shock, wanted to believe he didn't try to kill himself 2 years ago when he ran his car off a cliff
trying to contain my jealousy that you're at the signing. obviously it isn't working, b/c i'm telling you about said jealousy.
follow me back pls
Congrats! I'm racking it up right now: still looking for a librory jab!
You going out tonight homie!?
good. I need some tonight smh
is DC sitting ET to ensure a meeting with the Bulls or was Evan playing to good again so DC decided to put a stop to it? :-)
Fraud Alleged In Oxygen Bar Case
Oh hey, we're in the same state right now, holla at ya girl.
My work playlist is dope as fuck.
Too busy for rats? That's too bad...
#TeamFollowBack Let's
#someday I'll be a billionaire, #untilthen I'm using to save some cash!
A lot depends on height and position on property.
Sorry I'm so difficult
"why do we live here again????!!!!!!" AGGGGHHHHH
we have really cool evaluation about this stuff! I will share with MCN community soon!
Had a great time photographing with at Thanks!
ooh, lol i'm such a fail .. thanks !(:
i have no idea if/when i will. i'll hopefully be in korea this fall, and from there... who knows.
5 Things Learned from the Factbook - #2: # of dentists accepting kids w/ Medical Assistance grew from 90 in 2006 to 370 in 2011
will u please just come back 2 buffalo? T O's was my favorite cereal. id like to see another blowout this week. need an agent?
Hi! I had to leave early because still getting over being sick, but can you DM me?
come back wilson denver needs you.
ANYONE ON! PLEASE SAY THAT YOU ARE!! I'M LONLEY!! HAHA ~ASHLEY
So glad to have you at #BmoreFail and in
Having fresh air in my office on a day like today makes it almost okay to be in here instead of out there.
wish I could!
nah he cool people
what, twins <3
calm down. Not all Jesus believers are hypocrites. Besides, nobody is perfect
I'm all for supporting those things but it seems like that's the only ads there showing. Did #ESPN fire the whole sales dept?
yeah that's true, but in today's economy it just seems like a bad idea.
Call Us Maybe Justin YUP!!! Definitely me Justin
One thing I love almost as much as Happy Hour is Brunch... Where to go or my fav ??
ha k then..
I hate getting out of a hot shower and feeling like the north pole invaded my bathroom.
haha you about to get caught up, smh player.
I have perused, but never used. You should write a review for !
You Should Know Better...
we will keep those silly actors in line!
what does#donalddriver have to do to get a ten around this place?? give that sexy man a GD TEN already!!:)
Hopefully getting the specifics on my new job today
omg a piñata filled with oreos! where is my bat!
Enjoyed chatting with this afternoon. Lots of neat stuff going on in the emerging tech space.
I feel like just goin home N laying in my bed naked with the AC ON BLAST
Toastmasters has an err counter to measure how distracting you are. I like the # concept to set my goals for improvement.:)
Planning on the Hot Dog Day 5K tomorrow - and seeing the irony in it...
Get it! RT : A few hours of sleep up and at it I go
oh damn where at
I see your point mine just sold the company and new owners shut our plant down in madisonville ky so I'll be in the
Suspended animation sickness, ah crud...all crew at half strength this whole turn. That's just mean.
wins a gold at the
Where do babies come from
I'm gonna turn on the Celtics-Sixers game, and hope by the time I go back the bases will be empty with no runs scored.
it's like homecoming queen...
oh I ask nerds to do mine
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone!
Now tweeting over on
There is NOTHING wrong for a women to buy a man SHOES!!!!!!!!
Hey Charlotte, NC talent...I arrive tomorrow for auditions on Saturday!!! I can't wait!!! See you there!
please make #Believe u will notice her by wishing her a happy birthday #NeverSayNever :)
Don't know if a kid carrying icetea &a bag of candy can be an"aggressor,"but a grown man with a 9mm following one is a hunter
ME: "I'm hungry." FRIDGE: "Don't care." CABINET: "LOL don't look at me." FREEZER: "LOL nigga, you like ice?"
Taking my gf salsa dancing tonight haha <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
Glenn is part Irish, did you know that? Come on up to SkyLounge tonight and celebrate with us!
Yep, I actually listen to them. I happen to like 'em quite a bit:)
Six minutes into the first period, Badger women lead Minn. State 3-0. Woot!
the show is about to begin!
So many tweets O_o & Ode Confusing, like niggas having issues & Drama ^.^ Wtf? That's wat Happens in Life *shrugs*
Full of one-liners that one. RT , your husband "Unless you're riding a horse, cowboy boots are high heels for men."
Stoked to see tonight.
Happy Month of June!! Go Red Bulls!! 9 days till the "Portugal Day" festivities at El Pastor Restaurant begin....
awhhh, love you pat <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Cleobulus~ Safeguard the health both of body and soul.
ahead of your time--keep it up and keep the evidence of your work!
For sure.
congrats ma I know u going to kill it
Follow for great deals on sports apparel, equipment, and footwear!
RT : Version 2 of the Pandora One desktop app is out! // So is it called Pandora TWO now?
that's the plan! Lol
You're An Amazing Inspiration!! I Love You, I'm A Mahomie Forever And Always <3 :)
24601 is how many times I'll see it! Mwah!
I don't want summer to ever end!
Teachers will adapt things more readily w/ customized wording even if the gist is the same as the parent materials
thanks for following me Ty. Have a great day.
Pool is going to be renovated from 09/11-09/20. see us after that with a brand new pool.
you know it : )
Katrina's a bit under the weather today... So who will be her fill-in? Tune in at 9am and see for yourself.... Hm, who could it be?
All we need is you and R.Ward and it will be like '09 again! Vegas, baby! Lolol
Folk-Rock singer Kris Orlowski is this weeks concert in Elizabeth Park, Thursday evening 6-8pm.
cool! make it happen :)
Tomorrow OFF but busy with The Wailing Footage!
loved your character in "Think Like A Man" and your new comedy special "True Story" is hilarious loved your new material
I never wear my 1D shirt....I keep it hanging up solo in my closet where I can see it 24/7. That thing im baby okay.
ALBONDIGAS! I LOVE THAT STUFF! Hope you and yours are awesome today and always!
Project Manager is a Person who thinks nine Women can deliver a baby in One month
As we say in NYC, "oy!"
Thanks for a great #GreenChat everyone. If anyone would like to guest moderate for next week, DM me!
My body needs to rest...but ii am not sleepy
The one I tweeted today! unless I spelt your name wrong.. o.o Must stop calling you ashee!
GET OUTTA TEEEOWN.
Congrats to Chris Harris making the Denver 53 man roster!
lmao that girl blocked me cuz I asked her why we shouldn't praise single moms
I love your sign out front. Makes me wonder apples or Apple Inc
There's a carnival by campus. I wanna go!!
It's also mushy, an amalgam, and there's something in there about breadcrumbs and github maybe.
Obama:US pumps most oil in 8 years: 1) Not due to his efforts/he has REDUCED permits; 2)in 80's, 9.5 mil b/day. Now still only 7 Mil b/day.
Countdown to the opening of "Can You Walk Away?" is 1 day! Did you know domestic pimps target girls as young as 12?
There’s nothing we can’t do if we work hard, never sleep, and shirk all other responsibilities in our lives.
OMG GUYS. OMG I SERIOUSLY LOVE MADISON I CANT BELIEVE HE WISHED ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY. he remembers me from the m&g ... gave me 2 hugs OMG!
Team Trivia tonight! Grab a friend and show off your stuff. Smartest peeps in the room get prizes!
i think so
Wow. Not a good day for last.fm.
The menu at Starbucks does. Not. Change. Not brain surgery. Get it together folks!
Sorry, I just can't tell one 'Underworld' movie from another. All that black furniture. Where are the 'Queer Eye' guys when you need them?
And Justin's new video
LMAO! Shut Up! :D
busy supplying our automotive display customers in preparation for the North American International Auto Show.
What girls dont realize is, i smash then i leave. Dont call me baby and expect me to call you tomorrow.
april!! Why aren't you following me you loser(:
Thanks for lunching w/ us the other day. We're glad you joined us. :)
Rolled outta bed in the same stuff I wore yesterday. Luckily I got an interview, the only reason why I'm gonna shower today LOL !
Friday: 80 degree weather and tornados. Now: 3 degrees away from the freezing mark. RESULT: My allergies are wreaking havoc on my life...
Duchene quit fucking about and shoot the puck
General Body Meeting, today at 5pm in CE 268...we will have a guest speaker from NUVO
Time to love my inner child:)
please follow me? I can't tweet something better than this..
Whose your favorite college football team?
maybe she wanted to keep that a secret Christopher...
oh wow, leaving this rental house for an. apt complex full of fountains, roses, halogen lit trees, fluffy pets & aged divorcees
1st #Brewer game of the season! Great seats
Yes I realize my tv should be used this weekend for the Superbowl. But I'm not transporting it to you, dad....
when do we need to do it?!
also the one most similar to the wu tang clan logo
I didn't know you still had a twitter, doesn't Cam need breast fed or somethin ;)
tweet lil tony the link
#ComedyAwards! SO much better than the
Daughter managed to snag #ComicCon badges. Only two days, but better than the devastating prospect of no days. That would have been ugly.
Rodney Williams just put one down something nasty for the Gophers in the NIT!! Best dunker in college hoops?
You wouldn't know it by walking outside, but today's the first day of Spring! We're certainly looking forward to the warmer weather!
that does stink to have it so early!!!
Tell this girl to stop making music
This video dumb as hell
The J!!!E!!!T!!!S!!!! JETS! JETS! JET! Guys I see the Jets winning this game San Diego could'nt beat them to go to the playoffs last timemet
Double header- #badgers hoops and hockey! It is a great day to be in the Kohl Center
Don't regress... Progress.
We hope everyone had a fantastic #Easter and/or beginning of #Passover! Did anyone #fly home to visit family?!
I have the same screen door as one in Don't Be A Menace in South Central....
Thanks Kassy! Unfortunately, and its apparent now, the chick's a prima donna. Being humble will get you a long way.
Lawrence Weschler will be speaking tonight at 7PM at the Menil Collection.Come by the bookstore on your way to the lecture and browse.
“: TY. Have a wonderfully artistic weekend! So much to do in #stpete!” U2 best city in
I can only speculate
Amen Alex the amt. of money Dr's get to sign a careplan is ridiculous. WEALTH is the word and it is legal.
LOL. Initially I thought, WTF? Programmers don't use perfume. RT : .NET Cologne has sold out in less than 2 days. Wow.
WOW! This film "Intruder" has some of the best (and weirdest) cinematography I'v ever seen. These camera angles/shots are all over the place
never thought i would say this, but its true: thus far NHL Playoffs > NBA playoffs
If you think it's hot now, wait until you see the show!
yes ! I've been watching the marathon all day ! So excited , can't wait to talk about it tomorrow morning :)
who you routing for these days?
“: Now it's nearly spring, I can finally wear my power capris. #lovethem” So ready for spring!
hey I'm still waiting on it
Funny how similar the words "program" and " pogrom" are...
*esley *weird & a perv RT : Hey I'm Vertone and I'm random, but that's what makes me me. Nice meeting you. Bye.
Thanks for the shout, Tyler! We appreciate it.
It's all good buddy. Must be nice :)
Watching CNBC and looking for jobs
absolutely. Will look it up and get back to you!
Working to stay patient, present and positive. Big hugs, Chicago.
You're a cool cat. I can see the respect you have for the art form we know as hip-hop. Hopefully we will work together soon.
Black Crowes...underrated or just wrong decade?
People should follow you just 'cause you're you...duh
#frittomiato in Santa Monica - yum
Our clients at Armani Wells mens clothing in LA have 30% off all April. Huge savings to be made! Ask for Claudia Wells!
It's never too early to start thinking about happy hour. Stop in between 4-7pm for drink specials and half-priced select appetizers.
Thanks for the follow, how was your easter?
Im so fucking hungry.
#Hardball Don't apologize to you are only being HONEST!I LOVE it!!
wildcards in microsoft word: "what if we had regexes, except with unclear syntax, behavior that isn't well defined, also, they don't work?"
Anyone know about getting an inexpensive room in the NY/NJ area? Ex-employer offered to help.
over half a year now!! and you're about to graduate
Which Baltimore-Raven-turned-Cyber-Maven stopped by his hometown CyberMaryland booth today? Michael McCrary, now with Signals Defense in MD.
Do I have to apologize for my emotions?
Care for the ones you are in touch with. Everyone needs to be loved. Spread love and it'll come back to u.
did tou mean Sailor Moon?
Thanks for attending! We are hoping to bring it back to Cleveland soon!
Awww I've been herring the sweetest birthday calls from my friends and family... Thank you so much!
There aren't enough biscuits in the world to sop up all your mess.
dont forget platinum of purp...hosted by jan and big alecia
Comcast Sports may have it also... I don't have Comcast
JUSTIN BIEBER= Justin Um Suck The Inmate Nude. Because In Europe, Bieber Enraged Rednecks
"I believe in everything until it's disproved." John Lennon
Green tigers: new research shows protecting forests will deliver new economic boom for Southeast Asia
NYC “Dance Under the Influence” revealing the interplay of innovators in tap, flamenco, postmodern dance, Indian classical dance
have fun!!!
RT : Quiz night hits at 8pm. $2 tall boys + half off rails w/ on the mic!
Okay you just ruined my fucking high. Heated af.
Fun fun fun. Got some great stuff! RT : Tyler had a photo session with this morning! -
How do you keep up with the businesses you are a fan of? Do you get updates via SMS or RSS? (survey of fans)
Just had someone quote Julius Cesar to me line for line with annotations
we watched the movie Big Fish in my English class last term... Relevant? No. Buy IDGAF. haha
miss u more. Same here with me. Also getting ready for finals too
Need a healthy afternoon snack? Try oatmeal with raisins and walnuts.
So I got my hair cut yesterday and it ended up being shorter than I anticipated...
I'm too tired to do 100, maybe i'll finish tomorrow. Sleep.
The Sherman Oaks Farmers Market starts at 3 pm today! Please stop by before 8 pm to enjoy the farmers market!
Cool :D
it is raining and pouring i am going to take a nap and start snoring.
I've not had a drink since 2007! (this may be a lie)
didn't hate it
For a moment there I couldn't tell if this was a Minority Report clip or one from Battlestar.
Reducing stress is important to overall health. Spend 30 min. a day doing something to relax--leisure reading, soothing music, etc.
and money to live in no debt I'd be a homeless person for life I'm sure
I MISS YOU TOO let's get together this weekend<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Much harder to share, that's the problem.
“: Great service...My soul was awakened ”
Bout to get this photoshoot started.
Need a personal trainer? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
today in 1974, #EricClapton recorded I Shot The Sheriff, written by #BobMarley in 1973. I had the pleasure to record Eric in 2004. wow!
Has anyone ever seen a Houston Texans fan out in the wild ?
A shoutout to ! You were my 994th follower :) Thaniks so much! ;]
L O L when people write facebook status about your friends, like really bro, really? Like say it to there faces. So i could whip yo a$$.
guys i dont wanna upset anyone but i realized i dont even like 1D that much
Thanks You too!
yea they do
Nice!! Which island are you on? SIL lives in Kona on the Big Island.
headed to prom with
Hey now Tim Tebow!
Phone just charged. Berto, you coming to meet us? -->
already am (:
I'm gonna be 20 in three months. yikes I'm an old woman !
Any1 on Twitter attending the Louisiana Historical Association meeting b/t today and Sat?
Tiblisi looks beautiful and very interesting, want to go back for a real visit.
thank you for coming!
SO classy! I ONLY do classy. Even when hobos pee on me....or worse.
Happy Friday! BIG announcement next week! It's super secret, but lets just say we are going to need your votes for Austin to win this. :)
hahha are you visiting your cousin still?
just gotta give some of the niggas the side eye like psshhhhhhh!!!!! GTFOH
May your Dreams become Reality..#Driven!!!
thank you!!! It's gonna be a great great film!!
Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task tha
And nobody wanting to become a better husband/father! (Though I did appreciate the guy who wanted to make food with his partner.)
M! Fresh, ripe mango makes me so happy to be alive to taste this magnificent fruit.
I read that - good for him! Also: congrats on your certificate. I start class on June 4th.
I will. Hit me up tomorrow. Love ya!
Shout Out Too <3
Vocie about to go out
Hope you have a wonderful birthday bro.
My mom is buying 4 kindles 1 4 me, 1 4 herself, dad and my sister, all bc I can't have it til Xmas n every is checking it out!
i think you should follow me:)?
TBN "Diversion of Charitable Donations." Billy Brim at the conference with the rich, no thanks, I have moer than enough, I do this for free
oh wow.
she's going to kill you!!
fail fail fail.
Well this is summer.... Working 30 hours a week until I go back to school in September
Always borrow money from a pessimist, he doesn't expect to be paid back. -Unknown Author
First time driving since surgery.
We're also on irc freenode channel
omg you're more of a bieliber than i am! I havent even seen that vid yet!
true true, never done that before, lol. Tweeting about a tv show. Just found it its channel 78 on Comcast, cool. :O)
all the demons he had been bedding with and now running away from.
About to go do m y first ADR session for Sickle. Hope for the best
RT : Bitch im cashin out that's my shit >>>> I'm riding round with that Nina!
just tweeted about sea otters, so take that, all my tweets aren't just about food
there's a guy I can't stop thinking about. But, not that I feel like I can't live without.
Life is short and hard like a bodybuilding elf
u got that link for me?
yes,yes they are!
how do you feel now? Can u admit it's time to shut up ??
Draft Pick
you're gettin yourself into some tweet wars eveyone needs to lay off the #hatorade and have something else, watch out
I know! They are making the #xylophone look bitchen!
When we have our back's to the wall, we turn around and paint it!
forget it..lol I just reflected on what you said to me.
Spaghetti with no sauce
. protects kids after parents separate/divorce w/online custody/parenting software.free to low income parents & courts.
We just left piedmont park promoting our biscuits..we luv #Atlanta weather!!
Possums in the toilet? Takes the term #slumlord to a whole new level.
i freaking love interviewing & Jayy hating on Bryan :) im like jayy sometimes
Hey, you can't win em all. We'll get em Saturday.
I hate captioning images, but it helps my archive
#CV Council meeting underway: discussing funding priorities for CDBG, low-income housing and emergency shelters next year.
camping>beach = Drinks me in a Michael Myers mask in the woods and more drinks ahhah
Hey pal, I don't care if you work for or , just because you disagree with me doesn't mean you get to be an ass & abusive.
#TeamKhleo if your in the ATL wit make sure y'all show EVERYBODY there how we do! Show your support!
Pretty sure every San Diegan who drives a white chevy Impala or Malibu took the bus to work today.
I found you! :) great audition on friday!!! our class is amazing!!!!
Chatting it up with Camps today about #SummerCamp staff. Summer's coming!
Good Night followers.
hey thanks for following, I'd love to hear your music
school on fridays is the worst...
Stoked 2 announce the lineup tmrw for the 100th ISSUE PARTY at Fri Dec 16! Save the date and celebrate with us
haha hey what was my clubbing name that was funny lol and you know I didn't mean to say it lol
When i move : imma scream FUCK COBB COUNTY !
1080p makes a difference doesn't it?
SHOUTOUT TO !!! 1 PERSON FOLLOW HIM
" Well, not to sound conceited or nothing but I'm the sh*t. Dig this...You're a dime, but you're a dime a dozen."
Thanks! Sadly, it has not been the worst part of the week, and I'm running on 3 hours of sleep today. Ack! Hope you are well!
. is such a BAMF!
Fuck A Bad Bitch That Aint Faithful I Rather Stay Faithful To These $Green Faces$ In My Pocket Cause They Know How To Treat Me Right $$$$$
At the Sycamore on a beautiful afternoon.
My heart crumbled at the same time as my gum. Literally.
Just curious -- lack of electric outlets at the Glendale Americana location near the cafe meant to prevent loitering? :)
Day after elections always busy on
What makes your day a great day??
If I was a cop I would be an asshole
RT if you love Justin Bieber. <U+2665> [Follow me, I'll follow you.]
BIG goal by Palmieri and pretty damn sweet as well. USA goes up 2-0 on Finland.
How To Make It In America Season 2 Mixtape >>
Hey Guys, new band name, new members, new songs coming soon!
you know joe... Sometimes..I don't believe I know you. I'll just steal it back and there's nothing you can do about whitie
Madison Public Library's Teen Video Game Tournament was a great success last night - and a ton of fun! Congrats to all our participants!
beats for sale
Good morning!
Damn I wanna lay down so bad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> Another night of sleeping on this stupid recliner .__. I can't even recline back!
I don't know if you guys know this, but I have elaborate defense mechanisms in place to protect myself from getting hurt by things.
that's what I do....Badger tweets day and night!
ie: if your hometown was Westchester, NY like me, I wouldn't move back there to try & start something. But BOS has excited energy
Already drank 96 oz of coffee today. suck it
Can you please follow me back :))
This sucks
Yessir, I second that.
Dropped out of school when I was 22. What can I do to satisfy you?
even though you don't follow or ever notice me :( I still thanks you for EVERYTHING. Without you I wouldn't be who I am today!
Guys who clean up their rooms know the best pick up lines.
Bad link, bro...says page isn't there.
RT : ": I'm so excited!!" we all are! So much potential.
why will she have u Jailed? are u ending world peace?
Sorry, I parked like an asshole today
*potential* for a life altering decision. :)
sometimes, I see things, and they Hit me so hard... l lose control too. Being human is cool to me :)
I been spending way too much!
U-Verse does NOT carry gay titles in their adult PPV. Not that we would even order them, but it's all about equality. :-)
Texting and about to go to bed.
I like to believe that I didn't have children of my own I had College Republicans instead. It's worked out pretty well.
Awesome! Thanks. From a fellow texas country girl I am loving the music. BEST- JP
Im looking for a realtor in #Shepherdsville #Kentucky Contact me if interested or if you know a good one.
That hoe suc everybody off lol got nerve to try and cover up ya dirt.. I see you shorty ctfu
r u sure? just called sprint and they denied the recent news
Chugging my last half gallon of water until after stage!
totally. I expect to see some in the office tomorrow morning! :)
Next time half of y'all see me I'm gonna have tatts..
when will I see you at Happy Hour?
That was some beautiful puck work from T.J. Oshie!
someone explain to me why Matt Barnes wont just dunk the ball. In tired of seeing him get chased down and blocked
Courtside from Oracle. Thompson! Belinelli! Live tweeting Tank-fest 2012.
Rad having & drop through for a minute.
thanks round everyone sends mad love.Deezle sends blessing your way
Great bird list! Glad you got some birding in.
So pumped and a little nervous... Doing body pump with my friend.
Hahaha! Biden is a journalists' dream. He's a really smart dude, but he's always sticking his foot in his mouth. LOL
hell yeah...that Shit is hilarious
MUSIC SOUNDS BETTER WITH YOU BABY
I hope I can keep my thoughts at bay, and have a good day today.
A big thanks to for today. I'm so proud to have Timico in Newark.
get it boi out now all over the world,copt ur copy
ATTN: All Sanderson High students! we have a VERY special lunch special just for you! 2 Cheese slices + Drink for $4.99!
Oh shit we're on tv PCRK channel 10!
Is there any question that Gaustad was the 3rd/4th liner McGuire was talking about on TSN?
Oh baby ah my obsseessiiooonn <333333 CONGRATS;D
It's only Thursday .-.
Dig the new pic.
We mostly don't get flies, almost never any wasps or bees, but we did get a possum last week. :-P
The media does this....and pushes it in our faces and people like you go AWOL over it. You fall for the TMZ trap.
Going to hair show in CHI this wknd! Then appearing on on Thurs 3/8 to show the hottest, new trends!
Old Turk, woulda hit that
Thank you for the RT and for sharing the good news re: CalTrain electrification.
lol I don't thonkbi ever will
there's no swag in Idaho.
sorry to my followers, I haven't been on here in a while since #teenwolf hasn't been on... I'm patiently waiting for season2!! :)
dude, is one of your groomsmen? I like to know whomever I might have to walk down an aisle with.
oh yeah. I repost your pieces on the SSP fb page. Thx again.
LSN NEWS/ RICK SANTORUM Presidential candidate Staff Push Back Media Including C-SPAN In DC
getting hype for this lakeshow game man.. we in la we gotta get this.
He has the hair he has the eyes he has the personality but he can be dick
Groovy! RaRah is a great human being.
They say Puff worth 550 million.....DAMN!!! Don't worry if I write rhymes, I write checks haha.
Great reporting and investigative journalism by & every Sunday.
remain hungry.. never satisfied..
We are not conceding. We are actually just in wait and see mode.. You should try it sometime Neill.
Too hot to work out. Must drink wine instead. And watch TV. And eat that bag of chips before it gets stale. Much too hot to work out.
The music in this store is ruining my life<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Hi Joshua, thanks for submitting your piece. We are at a two-month turnaround max for fiction. Hope this helps.
hey waz up there
Been listening to the game on radio driving home. Surprised I haven't crashed in frustration yet. Unbelievably awful.
Ok people...the winner is who resurrected his initial wrong response with the correct date! Congrats!
Lol the sun was just out like 4 minutes ago. What the fuck happened..
no more than you do now, I'm sure
they burning my chesy
nevermind.. as a fan we dont want to see it and expect better..
Good Monday Morning Twitter fam!! How are u doing this morning? #ESPRESSOTIME for me :)
11- your username is really cute :) also i love avan jogia too! its really cool that you live in germany! <U+2665>
that shits weak
He's an on time God!
I've been good! You?! :D
I know exactly where that is! I passed it 2x while doing mello yello tour!
he wasn't tonight.
#oomf likes my smile :-)
I am thinking about getting one myself but don't know if it's wort the buy.
Writing grants gives me the munchies! I need to find a grant that funds our office snacks.
Thanks for the MT!!
what up and how have you been?
Please follow for all #econdev news in San Antonio!
loving all the zombies in session. Getting some good tips on how to survive an attack :)
I love Put Your Hearts Up by Arianna Grande!!!
Wow! Why does the NCAA hate Memphis so much?
I am at NewVox until 6pm today.
Today couldn't have stressed me out more.
Congratulations to Kevin Ostrowski, one of our Sr. Staff Engineers for receiving his Michigan Professional Engineering license. Way to go!
well i hope you make it son,, i cant get a job to save my life,,,im out chea hurtin
Like donny???? he can always give us rides ;)
GO BEARS!!! Can't lose to the Chiefs today!!
I didn't think it was going to get stuck in there!
's THE RIGHTEOUS MIND is wonderfully clearly written. Halfway through. Reading with professional admiration.
more 1D pictures tomorrow to prove our love to ?
ha i know i saw y today toi
Was it Scott??? hahahah
Established South Asian artist Nahid Raza, style similar to famed M.F. Hussain, only two pieces $400-$890.00 www.zanbeelart.com
We Shall Drink Together Tonight
Did everyone get there workout in today? Get busy!!!
That gun is sick!!!
It will be on the #awesomeness network, which debuts in June. The YouTube network initiative should be fascinating.
We've tweeted so much... I forgot to pee... oop! ...too late.
let's do a webcast <3 thank you for last night... everytime feels like the first!
I'm an overachiever, so how about I start a team of leaders and pick up Stevie Wonder to be the wide receiver?
#goodtoknow RT : Homemade treats are great. can pack + ship those goodies for loved ones.
Well played, sir.
Throw a WI location in on that Demi Lovato Tour, will you??? PLEASE????? Madison?
This all started because of the Pussycat Dolls' "When I Grow Up"
But I'm really excited for the Aids Walk in New York. It's going to be so fascinating and a great experience. SUNDAY!
Grapple hooks? Stickers? Sock puppets that slap each other? Little Big Planet 2 thought of everything.
The FiVE @ Five event is underway here at Balistreri Vineyards and filling up quick!
they won't let you get your own contract?!
##getschman Affable intro. No hand in pocket. Hard to do humor unless very comfortable.
Happy 80th Birthday Johnny Cash!!!
then u should see the tomatoes in my garden Paul.
Bed time
The Root of all Insanity: End Of April 2012 Post
Westbrook kinda looks like a lizard
I'll keep you in mind and of course that forces me to produce some words to let you read doesn't it? Be well
- I hear you. Was D-Roseless last week and got knocked out. Good luck!
Table draw in the 1k 6max seems excellent. 3 oldish guys and another guy who just opened 6 bbs.
Dalton, Ga., man wins $20,000 in Georgia Lottery
Rip #ninelivesOfChloeKing and #secretcircle bye bye Jake :(
Go Raji! Super Bowl fever getting warmer #gopackgo Another free shot!
RT : Hey, #Wisconsin ~ How many jobs has #ScottWalker created? Bawhahaha!!! How many days for THAT recall?
ive got to find some inner strength to make it through today.
Why would you keep secrets from your boyfriend/girlfriend in a relationship?
NATHAN WIND
Hey, you kinda left all your stuff at my house. Just in case you forgot. Lol
It was a birthday present to myself to not have to work yesterday :)
I want to go to your next show! Hit me up!
Austin, you're beautiful <3
I wish I got the job from baptist =\
DONT BE HATING ON Y NEW FRIENDS THERE COOL
You + Gum + School = Instant Popularity.
Not a good morning for me
its a lot of them on here you'll be wealthy
So did we! MT : Thanks for teaching and I about mail art today! And for the cookies.
I grew up there. My mom and friends' moms always worked. Female teachers inspired me to be an independent thinker.
The feeling is mutual, Lisa!
We checked in on our mint today & it is ready for tea! Can't wait to bring you some next wk & visit yr opening March 31st!
It's possible to explain them quicker. Hochuli just prefers to be thorough. Or wordy. You choose.
but they were "unmarried" and "co-habitating" moms. thus the language we used.
A groundplan in powerpoint? This promises to be a hi quality event.
If you ballin im with the owners
DAVID ALLEN GRIER!!!
Life is I.N.G
well that is quite lovely of you, I think I might just have to do that. I'm looking into the HOOTSUITE thing now. A guru eh?
: Thanks for following back Eileen. Best time of the year in S Florida. Temp in mid 70s.
bus to DC...a sprinkle of holiday celebration then hopping to Newton... not the fig kind....
Dude with light up wheels on his wheelchair was g as fuck
Ok friends and followers. Where can I get boxes for cheap in San Diego?
F YOU CARL EDWARDS!!!!!
DYK? Phi Beta Sigma Founder A. Langston Taylor was their First National President. ...Happy Founders Day
The first meeting of the Economic Development & Strategies Committee was a huge success. Lots more to do to help grow San Diego's economy.
I miss you so much more!
CA Small Claims Special: Prepare, File , and Serve- $99! Call 855-PROCESS today!
- Check out Good rootsy rock.
ughh jenny. Why you so naughty ?!!?
my toothpaste tastes like toasted cream cheese bagels - eugene
Tips for traveling with teenagers by glassvisage
Space is overrated.
DD is the model of what a WR should be in #NFL from a work ethic/personal good guy. Sad to say tho...it's time to go.
Christmas is coming sooner than you think. Felon Fitness makes a great present for anybody who wants, likes, or needs to exercise.
God blesses those whose hearts are pure, for they will see God. Matthew 5:8,
Now off to Greece for another meeting...
Band would like to thank those who braved the snowy chicago night to see the new set. it only gets better from here.
ur an amazing basketball player but I could def beat you at madden
Like legit mother nature needs to calm herself. I want the lights back on!:p
I love my sister man , she the only one that can help me get thru shit like this !
Keep saying you're gona leave one day. But truth is im going to be leaving the house one day. You need to take care of my family
I know they learn from your show!
Lmfao how'd u know???
Gas prices aren't the only cost hitting motorists' wallets hard. Tune in to Sunrise to hear about the latest report!
#FreshprinceofBelair "God, please don't let me leave here w Breast..."-Will lmaooo
But I'm a realist and know that there are very limited groups of ppl really following/ discussing this
"The best design is always a source of both immediate delight and lasting pleasure," Elle Decor Magazine.
IF YOU HAVE AN OOVOO SEND ME YOUR NAMES!!!!!!!!!
11 33 here and I'm not tired when I should be
Own your own business..Start today!
teacher formerly, however, if teacher + stus develop expectations together, motivation will increase, IMHO
Who the fuck says stuff like that...this is the shit I be talking about
is the best rapper ever!Before,I barely listened to rap/hiphop music.But ever since I heard you,I can't stop <21 love you(:
pussy is just drama.....lol
Come meet cochlear implant users and learn more about hearing loss at a free #hearingloss seminar bit.ly/hearingtour
MT : Whichever baseball gods gave the O's an early April Yankees series starting with the back end of the rotation, I despise you.
ATTENTION; IS NOT LEO!! LEO'S ACCOUNT IS
Skins UK version
TheatreSports Team meets tonight: 7pm. Great fun! TheatreSports Team meats tonight: pepperoni. Great taste!
Ah! You can hear it coming like a train outta control!!!!!
#lifesaver Lol thanks for posting it
Ninety farms lamb butchered this am, on our plates tonite Grilled t-bone, celeriac puree, roasted pascillas, hedgehog shrooms.
yeah, my neighbor said at least from us on maryland ave ne up to her friend on independence. What happened?!
I'll have a blue Christmas without you...
Well, it is! :) But yeah, that's problematic.
Learn something new everyday! RT : Ni Ko La Ba Toom.... no "s"
you should make the bucket hat your MF Doom Mask... in other words, your trademark lol
your girl will be jealous of your #fantasybaseballteam because you spend more time with it than her. Advice: erotic toy
I'm so pissed! I'm trying to put some pictures on here. Lol! I suck at Twitter! River loved him, but it was my vicious cat....
Yes, it's been divine!
RT : User: "So you can listen to Pandora in #Salesforce?" Me: "No, that's my bookmark."
DCFashion Week starts tonight at 1250 24th St. NW 7pm. Eco-Fashion show. Designers - Kelly Tang, Elizabeth St. John and more.
what rich said. If that doesn't work you can also restore in iTunes hyun.
let's hear it for the boy is on in modell's <3
What a busy day at work, feels good to chill have a brew and watch the crew play in 1 of my fav cities hotlanta
Handed off the iPad and #nacw tweeting duties to Back tomorrow.
follow me, I followed back!
If anyone has seen a pink Kate spade wallet with keys attached PLEASE LET ME KNOW! The last place I had them was blackbird. Ah
I wish you could separate trending topics by race.
Wait wait wait...a day off tomorrow? A WHOLE day? Hot damn! Wait...and a ticket to a show? Well, I'll be damned.
Dammit. I feel like I'm dying inside again.
If I could be like that, I would give anything.
but they're apparently honey badgers
I think u forgot the "killer? Never" part in there o_O
Ahh, now that feels good. Enhance your flexibility and find your center during a serenity stretch session.
I was jesting
If your ex is still calling, it's because they are still getting an answer.
: he's repenting for his sins....unlike you....now go back to the sinners side of the bench!!
RT : Listening to architect Michael Green explain huge benefits of building hi-rise buildings made of wood.
Starbucks should never ever get rid of their coconut syrup.
Here we go.heay
thanks for letting us know :) Giraffes are awesome!
same here. But by wine I mean scotch.
Damn last episode of #DesperateHousewives forever now I can just focus on these #NBA games
The Doctor and some movie starring Robert Duvall as a pilot and Beaches. I did like that we had to find articles in popular media
Morris-Butler Holiday Teas start this Saturday. Only a few spots open. Call 636-5409 for reservations.
We should take a walk someday, dream about what we could've been. But I don't wanna leave this place, no faith in Brooklyn.
Oh shoot it's going down in the MA! and can't wait!
will be screening 2 great films at our first block! She's a Sensei and Letting in the Jungle. Thanks!
Jack Harry and Frank Boal up in the press box at LSP. Frank's got a SKC scarf on.
hi I may be working with a local person within my area. Thanks for reaching out to me!
Our success is a direct result of knowing how to market a brand and having the right people representing the brand
About to? Where we are, they definitely already are!
“: What do I have to offer this world?” - a bad attitude and medium to large hands. Oh and a ship tattoo.
county music <3
Congress creates a committee to investigate if defenses should be built in VA. Mr. S Adams, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Ward, and Mr. Johnson
Wow a protest in Cambridge, Schocking! The peoples Republic
My momma irratates the shit out of me
Alright Lakers! Lets eat these chicken Nuggets for dinner! Lakers #1 KB 24 MVP! :D
haha see..i only like the old one. If i like the original I don't like bands doing remakes. I'm THAT kinda person
Too many tests today
just finished watching the hunger games! awesome! super intense tho... potentially nightmare inducing!
Damn I forgot, you have no flava!!!
got contact for camera man at exit in? Lookin for rockin pics!
Congratulations!!!! Well Deserved! First Time I watched the whole show and repeatedly. Happy Turkey Day!! smooches
Looking for summer bartending help. Call Ken or email for more info.
Flowers... Flowers...
Can't wait to hit the WI Beer Lovers Festival in Glendale, only blocks from my house ... how convenient!
I'm mentally unstable. In the pants..
Not yet. When would you wanna go?
Watching; not liking.
As much as you try,somethings you can never forget
Close minded selfish ppl suck. Conclusion jumping double dutch style lol.
But I'm not tired yet...
Come.on suggs we need u
RT - Looking to make it to the Cleveland Browns vs Jacksonville Jaguars game November 20th. Anyone know people or have se...
#gottaloveit when your itunes goes silent and it takes you 2 minutes to realize it's just illest muthafucka alive
RT: Tonight is our guest on #mediachat and our topic is “Brands and future use of Twitter”. Tonight at 10pm EST.
Leading a project called Together: creating opp. for underprivileged kids to work w/mentors for better edu. Is that so bad?
It seems people are more cheery about this #valentinesday. Less moans about hallmark holidays than in past twitter feed years.
But I loove correcting the hyphens. RT Today we change e-mail to email, no hyphen. Editors will announce it at #ACES2011 today.
sobering that not only has Zimmerman not been arrested, but his clothes never seized as evidence (no gun residue for trial).
sometimes I don't understand what they want me to buy
Having Internet problems, but here w on our phones! It's her first #tweetmob!
“ Loved by many , hated by few , but respected by all”
3am wake-up didn't feel that early 3 hours ago. It does now.
Panda is my my new J/O. Good to see my boy Daniel working the kitchens
RT Jesus wept when A/C fell out his window
Iran accuses Israel of bombing their own embassies...(why? you're probably asking?). Allegedly they did it to make Iran look bad...lol.
I don't know about you, but I'm stoked that tomorrow kicks off the season. Gotta start setting up some of the tailgate stuff today.
Just got a good run in!
#ImThatPersonWho always tries to cheer someone up.
a 1D book signing. x
Thanks :D and if #TeamKyleParsons trended I would cry tears of happiness and then high-5 you... Errbody loves high-5s! :D
RT As we look ahead, leaders will be those who empower others. - Bill Gates
So Scott Walker had more votes today than the entire democratic party? Right on.
I love the feeling I get i'm with you.
Started from the begining and made it to end..."with all them eniemes that started off as friends"
You didn't follow that when you were city attorney.
Bear's Place has $5 pitchers of Miller Light, Coors Light and Skip & Go Naked tonight. Try an Ice Cream Drink for only $4
no haha I just forgot that I wasn't and I thought you were talking about me haha
Awesome party time
Jeff Z of the Baltimore Sun first on Twitter with the news that O's have signed Dylan Bundy
Nvm. Found it.. My parents had it all along. ugh!
not happy about your extra WTT ticket...whodaheck is HiFly? lol...tell him to write me a history paper on hip-hop.
"Im glad"
Many thanks to the leaders of the #lafayettesquare community in #westbaltimore for organizing tonight's forum
Best wishes to Jess and JR Cheers on your upcoming nuptials!!!
Absolutely. RT : "if you're running a business, you're your own recruiter." dropping smarts.
#Iknowafamousperson CONGRATS AGAIN I still can't get over how cool that is.
tinyurl.com/2bcghnk - - Get rid of annoying pests & more
Hells yeah! When are tickets on sale?
I can't believe I'm a small town boy from Chicago about to see the world with my co-pilot. :-)
haha :) I never had one.
The rest of my night will consist of movies on netflix.
in Orlando now.
"You are as manipulative as a woman." -Madison to David Linamen
it wasn't pretty but #Sixers got it done! Let's see you Boston peeps in #Philly!
Having gym first period is pretty awesome because my allergy medicine hasn't kicked in yet & I can't breathe.
Shout out to Be ICONic Stay ICONic :-) :-) Yeah Buddy
This might be your answer RT : Cook it up Bishop!!
thanks for all your tireless reporting over the last few months. Will be making a donation to your site momentarily
The Battle of Florida have just as many scouts as players.Was talking to scouts last night from nearly every NFL team.
My bf is going to be really excited when I tell him that the hour-long Taylor Swift special I watched last night was only part one of three!
Wow!! Thats dedication!
Just a complete defensive disaster. What is going on in this series?
are YOU an artist or writer? want to have your work featured & become a staffer for 1st & Vine? please email me @
Got Drake New Album
- TODAY ONLY - DM us where u r & how much time u have & we'll send u 1 WOULDN't-WANT-MISS event/place
Lol well you don't have to do Insanity yet, but get in a nice 30 minute workout.
love what you said about Discipline and the Lord. I feel you on that one.
#mlanet12 Am I forgetting anything?!
Agreed! RT : introversion <U+2260> lack of self confidence
Looking forward to lots of laughs!
Just a reminder - taking a break from Saturdays at Hayes Valley for a bit. Back soon though.
Breaking news: F is back in the line-up tonight for the #Mammoth. Welcome him back, Mammoth fans!
Remember "Porcelain"?
Missing falling asleep with you </3
I don't think your stupid<U+FFFD> but what's my opinion against thousands?
Listened to your songs and they were awesome! Makes me want to dance around!
Wow, watching the previews on a film of mine, remember hd-DVD? It's like laser disk all over again!
This footage is from 1965
Filming in Benson, Nebraska and then with the NP Dodge Real Estate - Oak Office today! Busy, but fun day for Amoura Productions!
love you!!
#WesJohnson has 3 blocks in the first quarter.
why does the article repeat a bunch of paragraphs? Otherwise, fantastic assessment.
You all are awesome!
I do now! thanks
I missed Whit Stillman.
forever alone :(
I just went out with AJ vs 66 also.
This phone is about to have a serious accident .. Grrrr
Things got kinda tense when the Galactic Senate told the Jedi masters how to train padawans.
Windels lack of coverage is disturbing, I guess when history of libs fanatics actually shooting it will be taken more seriously
Doing a programming booth at Summerfest would be much work. Are we serious? Should we meet to talk?
John spoke this AM but he's been a hit discussing his images on the mezzanine level!
Late lunch at the Corner Bakery, yum!
Wonder if I still have the 'Super Spud & Butterboy" comics I made in H.S.? Were like old Batman tv show, but w a potato & stick of butter.
Retweet this if u a freak ( follow me and gain followers )
Really? You're going? That's so crazy, I didn't expect you to go. Guess I'll see you there ;)
“: stated earlier: Mason Plumlee has yet to make an official decision about entering NBA Draft” Seriously?!
The only good part of today was 2 co-workers belting out Carpenters songs in attempt to show me my erring ways.
Hi EV All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
no...come back to us! Pretty please? ^.^
SBA has multiple APIs and multiple partners. great stuff
am i invited?
The one who can find that diamond in the rough and claim it as his own person treasure.
Hey team If you're not following the hottest player in the NFL Please go follow now >>
Would need to be(even sense of)opp.in hometwn.Moving=new ntwrk/friends/job/life
Greatest weekend ever
Breakfast with the fam!(:
What in the world is Shailene Woodley thinking wearing that atrocity? Damn
awesome sounds like fun
Yesterday (Mary Prince/Thomas Clarkson, Louis XIV, and Crisis of the 1820s)....today will just be about the Imperial Crisis of the 1760s!
I was going to ask... I do believe it, I've been playing around with strobes more and more and liking the results!
I used to be conceited... But GOD!!
I'll be on my way! Looking forward to Alex Smith getting the credit he deserves. Tough loss yesterday, opened a lot of doors tho.
GM sees new models spurring rebound from 90-year U.S. market-share low GM Vice Chairman Stephen Girsky said last week the automaker wasn'
how's the chi group feeling???
Love the new CD! Can't stop listening to it! Wish you guys played ALL of Warped Tour :'(
Wahhh. Need to do homework.
Happy Mothers Day Mom!
Thanks for doing that; hope he sticks w/us. Tell him he can give his digital access to someone else. DM me if u need to
Just can't stop listening.
2nd one for Adele , keep winning babe, all my love for you...
I had no idea his film company was behind "Exit Through the Gift Shop." Cool little tid-bit.
Just got word, big surprise at Dell VIP event!
Totally agree. Jack Stack's creamed corn and burnt ends is hard to beat.
This year going by too fast , like yesterday we were picking out classes we want to take next year. Let's see what happens next.
Just chilling in my car until my shift starts.
I really want a stuffed animal giraffe.
I told them we need to throw in some Stephen Foster so as not to be too offensive. Imagine Stephen Foster being the NON-offensive part.
I agree
Come visit me in NY! ;)
Free chipotle wit the drink ..eatin good
Im fine...we have to hang out before I graduate next week!!
Back to being forever alone.
that's slang for "hey how are you" lol
The movie was outstanding, very compelling and very well done - Pat Doyle
Dungen makes some lush, trippy music. Always brightens my day.
ok tweeps its been a long day so we are out for the night! be back 2moro for more fun and remember start hashing!!
#50liesIwasTold "You're the only one I love."
We just signed up with direct tv yesterday in order to get NFL Sunday ticket. Just another option for you. :-)
Not too far. All #Ladies want professional #FOTOS of them 1/2 #naked. ALL of them!
My spring break > yours
Aw man :( okayy
Hey thanks for the follow! Would love to come check out your space! New to twitter? I can help with that too ;)
wallstreet is to new york
i love grace
I'm so proud of you! #boyfriend video is amazingg!! :D:D even my mum thinks you look sexy in it.. :'D<U+2665>
needs to have a concert in SAN ANTONIO #NoJoke <3
Catching up on some episodes... Lovin' the Emily Rose series. When do we get another episode!?
no shoutout to the someone who told you how good and ahead of schedule zeller was?! Haha jk! Great read!
The School Access to Emergency Epinephrine Act (H.R. 3627) was introduced in the U.S. House! Thx
Awww! Nice :) such Good big brother! I start summer classes at lfcc on 21 i took semester off i feel so behind
There is a remarkable variety & volume of personal injury lawyer ads airing in #Miami. I'm just waiting for the social media inundation
follow back?
I guess seeing that song win will be worth a day wearing stoner dog underwear
Even better... NOT an intruder. A freakin co-worker. Wow, I feel stupid
Jeans weather :/
Follow me? It would mean a lot. :)<3
hahahahah my mom got a twitter?
Seriously needed a relaxing day/night.. doing NOTHING.
- Would love to see you at clinic on Saturday. If so, please ask for He can direct you. TY!
I think my friends are really stupid
Change management in higher ed #E11 with reps from CUNY NY
The very first Litfest pasadena today!
John Adams, former Archbishop Mitty HS (San Jose) with the nice assist for Lehigh bucket against Duke. Teammate of Drew Gordon, New Mexico
@ SDSU career fair today....all our new Aztec friends should come visit our booth!
The Zagat Survey of Washington, D.C., lists Firehook Bakery among its Top 10 Best Buys reflecting the best dining values in the survey.
Where can I see the commercial with Tanner? Anyone?
thanks for the follow! Small world. I met ur cast while acting one episode on
Military customers can receive a Honor Badge for a new Chevy in May! For each, we'll donate $100 to Cell Phones for Soldiers!
: If only I spoke Chinese! Should I buy Mao's red book now?
none of the Pacers want to use their purses? Is that what you're trying to say?
Ohh wow my bed is putting up a really compelling argument to just stay here all day... no motivation to get up and start moving.
I know, it was so sad. I hope that lady goes to jail for like life!
Looking forward to 's Crafting Modernism exhibit.
haha kill Ellis!
I hear that. If they give Kotchman any longer than the end of May They're fucking stupid.
Get ready for the Zack Attack. I mean Zack Greinke from the #brewers not Zack Morris' awesome band. Sorry
hahah yes I think that's a good ideaa :P
done, get a little Chinese boofay before the game?
The website is currently being refreshed but has some good info on it already. Specializing in actors Headshots, events, & corporate photos.
I hope everyone is having a happy Sunday! Only 95 more day for my book...to come out! ~Love you all
So thankful they unsuspended my account; Signed up to follow too many people in one day! Whoops!
oh great lol
Did you get a chance to see #THOR? Hope your nightmare didn't come true for you. I loved it.
So glad I got both of my presentations done and over with today.
Low turnout? Reports of light primary recall voting around state. Marquette poli sci prof John McAdams says projected 35% looking unlikely
All the news crews are lined up for a day of protest at Westlake Park.
Been watching Third Reich on History Channel tonight...very graphic
News from the defamation lawsuit: Louie Wright's attorneys tried to get a list of contributors to the TKC defense fund 1/3
People can love. People can hate. People can do thinqs with food. They can build...... etc. What other thinqs can we amazinq humans do?!=] !
RT : Our generation may not be able to find Iraq on a map but damn it we are awesome at taking photos of ourselves
The MCAP event raised over $3,000 in donations to the NJPA Legal Action Fund and MCAP made an additonal $1,000 donation in Jeff's honor!
again... #FUCK you
Best wishes to #Giants LB ! We're excited for you to be playing in your 1st SUPER BOWL! Tackle Patriots like you #TackleCancer!
- thats when the ol late pm snack comes in! Nuts or a protein bar and the essential.....York peppermint patty.
you've had a clif bar too!!? that's sweet. I thought they only had them in chicago
IT"S ABOUT TO GO DOWN!!! JOIN ME AND PARTNER TONIGHT FOR #INTERMIXWEDNESDAYS. CHANGING THE HAPPY HOUR GAME FOREVER!
I'm going to meet Austin. I don't know when, I don't know how. But one day, IT WILL happen. I just know it.
Thank you Christy!
The Caribbean Carnival is what we are talking about now.
But think about how much goodwill Google could earn by letting it languish and then shutting it down.
Why does my suitcase and everything in it smell like BBQ?
living proof?
Larry, you're starting to make people think you're losing it.
I really don't get it when you call tech support and then they tell you they need tech support. Jdhdjdhxdkxhzndkfhyfo
“: If you don't like the Foo Fighters, I know I hate you.” saw them at Red Rocks... Best show ever!
Gonna have to head out to the doggy bed of dreams :) Gn Cousins & u never in the doghouse Scott :)
Ditto! AMAZING!
I just saw two corvette convertibles at a stoplight. Spring is here.
Can't move my lips, but my heart is screaming...
Better show: "Boston Common" or "The Single Guy"?
So twitter friends how about them #Pacers y'all i actually thought we had #OrlandoMagic beat then we stopped scoring......
Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence.
Hiya, ! Thanks for the follow, Laurel!
A wiki is a 'a website developed collaboratively by a community of users, allowing any user to add and edit content.'
It begins. Old fashioneds by megan at hank's with jim
Anyone know about shotguns?!
Wrestling with heavy thing
Join our house music night @ Colony.
Can't wait for
Contemplating a redesign of FRSHGRND.com -- any critique, comments, ideas, feedback? Open to any thoughts :)
You Da Man! We want to see you back in Israel next year! I remember your 1st game vs Haifa for Maccabi, you were awesome!
don't flatter yourself you're not the only girl on Twitter whos birthday is today. Lol
Today is one year of officially practicing law...
#UKnowUHungryWhen your stomach starts speaking in Klingon to you.
Note to self, do not post naked photos on twitter.
im in heaven when i saw that smile. Omg ur awesome already.
It's another day of researching shows and productions today. Fireplace is on. Coffee in hand. Ready.
Last home game of the season has begun!
Request noted - We'll keep you updated as we work on this functionality. Thanks for the feedback!
Tell me if he wins!
Have you read the books? Let me know if you EVER want to chat ! MT Joffrey needs to be snuffed out!
My dream ruined my nap <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
I'm gonna get u! Miss you too! I'll probably see you in #NOLA , in July! Then you'll get to meet my bear.
that's the way to roll baby
more and more and more and more and more.
cmon Shefty!!!! Show the Mile High some LOVE!!! Go Nuggets!
Why post? Contest is closed.
Watching the Japan tsunami footage... Devastating they say it's 8.8... Puts your blessings in prospective.
Its 4 degrees and I'm going to the barn to host a birthday party.
it's a #Team effort but # Ten is why we didn't Win. #Two crucial Turnovers!!!
We really want to see on It might make at least 35 theatre nerd's lives to see you on this talk show!
Mention twitter on your next mattress purchase and receive a free memory foam pillow!! Available this weekend only...$99 value so hurry in!!
is this the end of a hero boy named Finn? Heck no! Darn it no! This isn't how I go! #freakcity Magic Man!
i have no idea yet, I wanna have a smoove day today. Let's see who try and fuck dis up...
The body of a young woman is God's greatest achievement. Of course He could have made it to last longer, but you can't have everything.
I told you so, but you had to go. Now I've found somebody new and you will never break my heart in two again.
hi sweet ladies, battling a migraine that joined me for dinner.How r u?
"Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn." ~Harriet Beecher Stowe
After a year in the business, the company was ready to start generating more leads and had hired a sales person to tackle more business
“ A #Leo will just want you, but wont need you because they can do it on their own.”
nice run! Good job.
Lucky Charms... Fuck the rest.
no prob bob. I'll eat reuben soup with you anytime :)
Follow Family Dollar...LOL
welcome to the Cowboys schedule every year
I'm bout to have to go to church
yeah he is HILARIOUS
Drunken Debauchery wit Pflames at Louis Bar starts....NOW!!!!
The only thing constant in life is change
,I am recovering from hernia operation
Hey everyone!!!!!
Nothing like a week at home to help you appreciate school
AWWW good times <3 RT Kat Deluna-Whine Up reminds me of partying the summer of 07 aw with
email the google-refine mailing list if you need help. looks like you hit some bug rather than a scale issue
You're right about how ugly the brute-force is, since the "real" solution is a *very* pretty cluster of integrals
Waiting to head to LV hell yeah buddy
"Keep your Irish down in the basement!" (euph. for "turn up the volume!") cc
omg i cannot stop laughing this is hilarious
S/O to my new followers
I think I'm older than you aren't I? Hm...unless we do your age in gay so if you are in your 20's, in gay you're like 60 lol
Oops meant to reply. Love that you are a pseudo Broncos fan!
You're going to have a fantastic day?
m. Intelligent content...finally! I almost gave up on Twitter
#IfJustinWasMyBoyfriend nothing in the world could be more perfect.
I KNOW! I thought things were somehow going to get better because she held so much hope for me... right now, it seems I was wrong :(
DC's School Without Walls still closed today due to earthquake damage. Despite the name, the innovative school evidently has some structure.
you're both beautiful and I love you both! :)
There really is a lot of humor. Sherlock talks a bit too fast.
Thanks to for the great presentation today!
LOL!! No it's all good! Will hit u in a few!
thanks! She's great with ppl, it's other dogs that seem to be the issue, she's definitely an alpha girl lol
Words to live by. We're looking forward to your #HStreetNE opening! RT : When you love what you do everyday is Pizza Friday.
PEOPLE WHO TWEET THEMSELVES ARE PATHETIC
wonderful! Even if im still on the mend, come over for a glass of wine for a bit to visit, love to see u!!! holla atchur girl :)
He acting funny now o well
Derek likes anything "fresh" so maybe grass clippings would work for his fav Man Candle scent. Steak too, but not
is that you?
happy birthday to one of the greatest point guards of all time
We just #followed our #followers who followed us first!!! Have you? Happy #followfriday!!!
Bedtime. The summer of sangria will commence this weekend. Plenty of 2 buck chuck to use and infuse.
I mean, look. It's a step. Progress is progress. Get ready to keep pushing.
bad news: its real life!
Starting today!
Heading to Brimfield Antique show, largest show in the world!
Aye kearra put that pic up the one i took in skool on fb doe
ants bite me
Sometimes I wish I didn't care so much kuz who's there to care for me
And Lebron does what he does in the 4th quarter miss free throws.Skip baseless ll ve a field day tommorrow
There is a candle in your heart, ready to be kindled. There is a void in your soul, ready to be filled. You feel it, don't you?” <U+2015> Rumi
weight watchers for men....#fatpeopleproblems thats me
Just got our drum tracks! Thursday we finish "A Murder of Crows" EP! workin on that itunes biz for you ;)
if you say so
Have fun at prom tonight girls! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
For the last effing time...I am NOT the court reporter?!?!!
Thanks good to see you and Sara.
i still remember when i interviewed on ellen it was so so amaizin lol....... I really wanna thank u all for all ur support...^_^
We have made a TON of friends during Who's coming back this year? We are excited! Expect great promos from us this year!
Join us at the naturalization ceremony at Golden Hall to help register new citizens to vote! 10:15am TODAY, 3rd & B St.
Finally home from Houston
Thanks for your interest in Glad to hear that you liked what you saw from us at the recent
I'm looking for a great clams and pancetta recipe, do you have any suggestions chef?
What should i get to eat right now???
": The queen is on site RT : First contact on real clay for Serena. Williams, as she practices now on court 3"
The best things in life are free T.M.E. B THE TAKEOVER
thanks to you as well!
Sometimes I spend a lot of time driving behind ppl trying to figure out what 3SIT399 means, until I realize its probably not a vanity plate
Thanks for the MT! It was wonderful to meet you at the !! We loved your booth and the fun work you do!
IKR she is so annoying
I am so screwed.
I'd love to see Silk's Chocolate mint, dark chocolate almond, and eggnog in the next two weeks!
Last day of high school tomorrow. idk if I'm excited or really upset.
Was that the "Call Me Maybe" of that generation?
This past weekend was mad real
Headed south to talk technology and vino with TJ Rodgers at winery.
Accurately counting jobs is impossible, right?
a lot of those Canadians *are* Dutch.
I'm going to state
Ernie and Dufner could use some putting tips at the Haggin Oaks Golf Expo. Its 37th edition is winding down.
O.o Damn , Lol “: #WeWontWork if ya boobs can be mistaken for your knee caps”
Afl-cio's Liz Shuler talking to 900 Univ of Il students about the labor movement and workers
HT Great job by on the "Morning Show" this morning
red could be
Use to call the hoe bubble she used alot of spit front room my partner house thats where i use to hit...
"Like they say, if you're not paying for the product, you ARE the product." Mother Jones article comment on new Google privacy policy.
Thanks for the #FF sweetie!
Good afternoon speak with my family
Prom 5 days. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
So angered I could nuke something.
#epic11 Dr. Helen Barrett: 4 pillars are: self awareness, planning to learn, knowing how to learn, monitoring your learning
I need your number again my angel.
It takes so little to kill my mood. I hate it.
- We Love!! Follow me for #celebritystyling & #fashion-tips pls! Would love to collaborate w/ you! Xox
the heavy traffic on Fletcher is due to their inability to get on 275 southbound
Coachella Valley foodies: y'know that big Mexican restaurant on El Paseo that's been empty for years? Owner may have a new tenant. Hope hope
OMG me too. LOVE that picture & golden retrievers.
What moments,ho
na bro it was all straight from the head.
The Spurs now have 7 players in double figures
sounds like "GCD" guilty conscience syndrome.
I can't find my dick
It was, thank you for your silent auction donation!
loss of comunication
cool, we have gear coming in so I just want to get tht place open and start slanging there and at shows
loolz! Mad ting (:
wearing rainboots and its hot and not even raining yet
bout to go get in showeer
Just passed a strip mall that had a gun shop and chain saw store next to each other. I know where I'm going for the zombie apocolypse.
Maybe if the Brewers would wear their game whites and grays instead of their BP jerseys they might win more games.
Lady Gaga said iconic :o
Billy Joel "The Stranger" #nowplaying This song and album shake my soul.
and 8:53pm. 1 hr post ingestion of unsealed hummus. Still not dead. Still thinking we made right call on white bean.
Happy Thanksgiving y'all! Who's ready for seconds?
Insane Clown Posse is playing tonight with a line around the block. It's scenes like this that make me lose a little more faith in humanity.
special guest in the studio tonight for the next episode of the FatNoMoSho!
I wonder if Bloopers for gay porn exist?....and what exactly would be on it? That would be hilarious to watch!!
Ringer no doubt, it's a Mac app.
#ice12 Enjoying "Digital Portfolios for Primary Grades"
you know memphis inside out! Keep me posted on the scene. I know you going to that Sade concert and Jill is right after!
Another station violation? From 3/25? What the crap? Could we not get these 2 months after so I can actually remember what happened?
A well-balanced diet that includes a variety of fish and shellfish can contribute to heart health and children's growth and development.
I hope I get to see in Feb in LA for a hike? A coffee? A greasy ass burger an hour later at In and Out? Hmm...
I love u and please pleas follow me:)
This diet will be the death of me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
marry me please <3
RT : "One's mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions." - Oliver Wendell Holmes
Thank you for your continued support of HBCUs and PBIs. You are truly one of our Congressional Champions!
Have fun ladies! You both look fabulous! xoxo, Downtown Donna
ahh I know! I can't wait!
We're ready. Are you? Winter Showcase Day a little over 12 hours away.
have a busy fri,sat,sun ahead. Probably won't b on much. I'll try an tweet some. miss me okay guys! <3
i see ppl dont want to tlk to me...its ok im not gon trip...its ok cuz i see u gonna wanna tlk to me wen i dnt wanna tlk to u > . <
#idhdu The 'Humane Gaming session' -- led by Rafael Fajardo & Scott Leutenegger @ IDH DU is awesome! Scratch is a great gaming tool!
what up lil cuzzo sorry for the delayed response how ya been?
That's the sign of an occupation force at work.
RT : BREAKING NEWS: Josh Beckett to skip today's start to play paintball instead.
It is the great Womb that holds us all, and in which everything is created. It is powered by what we want and strength of feeling.
awe. sadness. Was good to see you in class Monday.
Over 200 followers! Thanks everyone!
Got a new texting app on my iPod! Txt me! :) 1 (682) 214 0385
Intimately, the submit is definitely the very best on this precious topic.
had my dentist appointment this morning ... looks like this widom teeth are coming out :(.
One week, three winners 's Daredevil 12, 's Avengers Academy 29, and Ennis's Fury 1 - Marvel's doing Just Fine! -DvL
Feminism WTF | Lela London – Style Guide and Fashion Blog
Fuck. I miss you.
Someone pulled the alarm at the country club so Bryz turned to me & said "Look Jagr i so terrible even when i not play goal siren go off"
Just got up, 4 hours sleep, not sure I can talk, customer meeting today. Seeing and last night totally worth it
Come in and try our Baingan Bhartha(baked eggplant) and Dal Makhani (black lentils and kidney beans)
today at 1we'll be at the clackamas water park celebrating em's oldest son turning 15. you should come get wet and stuff.
To bed I go! It's going to b a busy Monday!
lmfaoo!! Smh it was so tragic!
Planning a December Flashmob. Stay tuned..
I just realized that was the fuckin beanie that clown took from me!!! :(
Come watch the SF 49ers and NY Giants game and enjoy happy hour specials during the game!
#acrl2011 Hmm. I wonder how much gender bias is going on in e keynote about personal fashion. High heels. Right.
The #ict2dc van has safely delivered and to their home.
so conceited
yeah, I can watch the puppy.
almost makes me want to give you my number
If your primary focus n life is sex, money, power, war, tv, food, sports, cars, clothes, etc etc; n my opinion u r missing the point of life
Now following back! RT :
thx for the shout out for ThingLink and thx for dropping by.
lol....random question. When you were @ BGSU did students go to Toledo a lot like students @ KSU run to Akron & Cleveland?
"Drake color coordinates his outfit to match his bowl of fruit loops" Sounds like a - esque saying to me.
...the time, but I expect some sort of lower price when I want to buy a Kindle version.
Enjoy your weekend, Melanie!! :)
yes i know it is but you act like its gonna stop me from fighting for him
Kiss Me Slowly - Parachute
until I get them haha.
": Basically #bobcats are interviewing any competent human being for the head coaching position. Jordan will choose a yes man!
where my baby at ? lol
NEW FEATURE: The /Alerts/ function now works in Europe. Enjoy.
dustin brown needs to lose the ear protectors
Packers are playing tough!
Who was translator for Pres Obama in recent press conference with Chinese VP Xi?
I know most of you guys/gals hate him, but I'm still a big Homer Bailey fan. Sorry about that.
Bola de ratas!! E
I got her yelling out paint me , paint me , paint me
I like it, the hometown boy Max Von Sydow. Gotta go with a fellow Swede... An incredible actor with an incredible career.
Shooting w the lovely & amazing today! So far so great!
- BRO! Come on!!! What are ya waitin for, let's do this!!
i do and u do
i wonder if pics his profile pictures of if he has a girl pic them so he knows he looks sexy? ;)
D'oh! Forgot not only my portable drive, but my thumb drive as well. Looks like I'll be catching up on emails for a while until I get home.
YES IM FINALLY MOVING!!! no to jersey tho... i have to stay in this stupid town...
oh no!! so sorry....kitteh sighs & hugs
We miss you! RT : I miss TS so bad...I've been sick and hurt but I'll be back soon!!
smells a big oily rat
My boyfriend is looking extra cute in his tux! Haha have fun tonight! <3
Master class - all sections are full....
When I tweet my self cause I have no friends. Wut.
My throat hurts, I think I'm getting sick :/
everytime i log intot witter, i fall in love with thisfanbase over and over<3
RT RT : If I treated you the way you treat me, I promise you wouldn't stick around the way I do.
say what girl
Picking daughter from school
aw thats so sweet!
We are at #RAKFTZ in an agreement with , offering programs in Engineering Architecture and Business Administration in
Hot Chocolate, Ohai there.
Think of how much pussy you're gonna get.
there's a media event going on for United Latino Pride, the weeklong Latino LGBT event in Chicago.
thank ya m
Just to let you know, has just reset his Twitter account. All his tweets and followers are now gone. Sorry about that! ^NE
There is a guy that looks just like Walter White at whole foods right now!
thanks! She's doing much better.
me and you both. Brother
see ya tomorrow ho
Im back on twitter, holla at ya boy! ;-)
RT : it was fantastic. We're coming back Saturday night for 's b-day dinner. You Cuban cuisine is...
Love is like a war: easy to begin, hard to end!
I'm in love with the flame-leafed tree outside my window.
yay for dreams!
Thank you #FF x
its well deserved fam!
I #RT what i think is funny, interesting, or just out of pitty for you but never to tell you to STFU that i do to your face, no twitter
This man at poppies just gave me his whole life story! 0.0 k? ~to much info not enough chicken >.< ~ <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009B>
Toddler Storytime @ Memorial Library Weds. 10:00am Stories, songs, rhymes and fun for preschoolers - siblings welcome, too! 4625 W. Olympic
Step #13: give up the past.
Things that make me even happier than a sunny morning: seeing the #Brewers lineup in my Twitter feed and my man Weeks as DH again.
Going to the #Brewers game with the tickets Cooper won for selling so many pizzas! Thanks
One's friends are that part of the human race with which one can be human
I was trying to get that bug off my screen! Very cool...I like it!
Yo! is playing in Chicago on Sat. night. Anyone interested in joining and I?
Thank you very much & I look forward working together soon & God Bless Everyone! Amen... Daniel
Thank you! You do too.
Rebecca Hall In Mulberry – Mulberry Fall 2011 Presentation and ...
...meaning Young, Battier, Arthur, & Vasquez. Spurs got good quality players (Leonard, SJax, Mills, improved Splitter & Green)...
watching moneyball. it is boring.
do you know when he will be there?? I'm coming to see him!! LOL
S/O to you good brother, and I hope that you have marked and returned your #GP34 ballot for 06!
Thanks everyone!!
This house is too hot !
I havn't been watching the Spurs game.. but WOW 24 points?!
RT "who uses...": I honestly don't follow. #LinkedData != #Web, which is what you seem to be implying...
"Commissioner’s Office standards for situation handling."
me too
you see weird shit lookin out the corner of your eye
however working that magnolia shift has your pockets fat!
s/o to of the #mixtapemobb for not showing up to court today. Hit me so I can get paid or coming for your assets.
Just heard #livelikeaking by and Fire!!!!!!
tell em to change one
On the way to our last concert band festival!!!
and now I know what will be rocking' at Appleglen
can you get Bolatelli on your show? I have a few questions for him. Starting with wtf is wrong with you?
Elbow him back after every joke and go "You were totally right!" Make it really uncomfortable. He'll stop.
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits." - Thomas Edison
Love my mommys dinner she packed me :)
Exciting new ventilation noises!
The fact that Boyfriend doesn't play at Justice <<<<<<<
It's a kinda night. I love this album.
I hope I never have to go back.
Always willing to lend a helping hand to the one above him. ~ F Scott Fitzgerald about Ernest Hemingway
Argh. I just wrote a really long comment to your post but the system wldn't 'verify' me via Typepad then it disappeared.
Thanks for the follow, Gary.
jinxing me!!!
You're the best!
okay. I'm Raymond (x
Dr Lodge from explains to group how MIA now sits on what used to be #Everglades wetlands
Working at Uncle D's NY pizza in feels like I'm in a joint.
You guys are awesome! Mouflan (FRESH!) hopefully will b avail by my event
Bankable: The 180 #Saints fans would be doing if Brees would have been lost for the playoffs by some cheapshot cheater taking out his knees.
that was not the stat I was expecting, but I •am• a FB newbie.
It ain't easy luvin me!!!
needs a shoutout! Check out our design forums at www.wearelux.com!
can I hear some Ledisi?
Alright... why did they select these commercials with white women in bikinis to be shown during #MaryMary ? That's a waste of marketing!
": Stoked for #gzu worship tonight!!! Can't miss it!!! Go!!! T-Minus 30 mins..."
ALL. THE. TIME!
Is #Mitt on the wrong side of the marriage issue? Yes, he should be open minded since his father had many wives. DONT YA THINK?
#ChuckNorris and Mr. T walked into a bar. The bar was instantly destroyed, as that level of awesome cannot be contained in one building.
Work to be included in ArtDubai 2012! March 2012-more soon...
I Swear Yo .. Im So in Tired Of These Thirtsy Ass Groupies ! ...
I never feel cool enough to be at Octane.
BREAKING NEWS: Lindsay Lohan will star as the legendary actress Elizabeth Taylor in the Lifetime Original Movie Liz & Dick.
Students interested in becoming teachers: tell us how you'd like to use technology for learning, starting 3/1!
Feel really good about the interview today. Love that MD understands me and made me feel wanted :) May have a job soon . . . More to come.
Thank you to Ian Titley and Kirk Schroder, Esq! They gave a truly interesting and educational talk tonight on copyright law for artists.
just called himself a faggot ....
2NITE All MOTORCYCLE/BIKE Crews are FREE @ Trinity River Sports Cafe (5214 S. Lamar St.-Dallas)!! FREE PARKING!! Also CD Rlease for "C-THRU"
I love me some
aw I'm flattered!
you have a strange resemblance to my long lost friend Trevor.
OH that was it? I didn't like it :'( lol
Nice! (I love Scalar, too)
You are not alone. As a friendly introvert, I have to recharge with many days of solitude after an event like that.
And to agitate me some more, I cant find the dogs hair brush! She's startin to look like one of those dogs on that SPCA commercial:/
“: that was a fun two-a-day Monday! Have a great day! #teamfitness” nice work!
#CincoEAV RT For Cinco de Mayo we have a SPECIAL MENU for food and drinks, we have a NEED to FEED you :) - Tacos, Burritos..
Any business owners who want to take advantage of a FREE educational seminar, the South 27th Street Business Association (Historic Highway …
Kid signed up for the games computer.
I did too when I watched it in theaters!. Haha.(:
You're way too pessimistic.
Scientists from u of minn and washington u are working on human conectom- to chart brain major connections
Awesome! I'm glad you enjoyed! -Your friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man.
lol appriciate it bro! ha ha ha im still tryna figure this out ha ha
THANKS!! >:o NOT FOLLOW BACK ME
you can reach me at (608) 225-8969 or
If you thought sitting next to "too much cologne guy" and "I need to shower guy" would cancel out... It doesn't. So many scents.
Going to school's bingo :-(
I just dont wanna sit there till 9:30 doing nothing because I would rather be doing that at homee
Just saw Allie and Roberto at the padre game! Nbd.
it has to said...That's sound advice.
#Audition for #Dexter tomorrow!
That flyball works. :)
Tonight's delicious dinner (actually leftovers from last night)...polenta w/escarole and beans. Oh baby! So good!
Sometimes its hard to tell the difference between paranoia and awakening, esp if the truth is a bitter pill.
Lol. Some people are so immature! This just further solidifys my opinions of you, btw...but have fun;)
I'm good. Trying to get some stuff done before NGS, but keep finding more to do.
Or challenging each other to hashbrown cookoffs.
what's wrong with your culinary skills?? Get making!
How often do people mistake you for Justin Bieber?
Sounds Great!
I was thinking about how we used to sit in Mrs. Schneider's class in the 8th grade and eat a bag of fruit loops..everyday:)
I'M in too... Can't wait!
filming a pilot next year,
Wasn't it awesome? We could see it from our windows on the 8th floor over here.
RT : work on your outreach first and influence will follow
Yes I know, I was kidding.
I am, thank you!! How are you?
Are you here at #ALA2011? Say hello at booth 2215--and take 20% off any purchases during the conference
but what about the beach? Could you move away from the beach?
I slept throught my alarm, I woke up sick, and i have the worst bed hair right now. This must be what dying feels like.
The Silk Tie likes JLim! our journey is along the side of our ties, thesilktie.com
Thanks for the shout out!
Recent threats have put more focus on the battles President Obama faces in the fight against a far-flung terror network.
I texted you, you didn't answer, I feel stupid.
Poor lady had post-partum. is it really nice to make fun?
I'm sexy and I know it ;)
Those look great! Did you use flaxseed instead of eggs?
Thanks for following How is Oregon?
yeah of course I will
my toes came out really cute i love this pink <3.
What's crazy?
. I need to see a twitter fountain at your garage sale a.s.a.p
Talk of a "Jewish" conspiracy in this case is grossly irresponsible &threatens 2alienate allies. #JusticeForTrayvon thru
Going to papa Joe's for the first time tonight! #roc can't wait! M tripe !
i think it looks sick, but still concerns about heat get to me. A black turf is only going to get hotter than a normal turf
straight up
I get attached to people who care even a little about me... A broken nail is as painful as a broken heart... Yes, I'm a girl!!!!
I'm glad having Bentley calmed my temper down.. some of the shit I see & hear would've really made me mad a few months ago!
we'll hold off returning until after April!
I feel like shit .
Last week... Final Grades... Go hard or Take ya ass home!
Good night Sam (: <3
I stashed 300 aside in my gucci box
A single day is enough to make us a little larger. ~Paul Klee
Now Open Dj Lash Brand New Studio..
Awesome! Don't forget to post your review on amazon!
425 e mason
i dont think im going to sleep tonight.
thank you sweetie
About an hour and a half til gets outta work. Come one 630.
Ok, Project Pat is filling my TL... "Raised in The Projects" is the shizznit!
waking up from naps in the early evening might be more painful than waking up from a restful sleep at 7:30 in the morning.
The contest is still going until march 3rd, but right now I'm in 6th...about 20 votes behind 5th...
Thanks to everyone that came out last night! Show was awesome!
Playing with 3TC again today, Oshkosh this time, alonf with Local Celebrities 5man, they kick ass, you must check them out! No exceptions
Iowa State?
This American Life? Journalism? WSJ kicks #MikeDaisey for what theaters have done for 3000 years? Break a leg, Mike. On with the show.
that one was for u.
Take a shot make a toast we up for life.
My historians shirt is the Shiiiiit.
thank you!
What the actual fuckkkk??? Yeah sure after the break! You've been saying that for the past 2 hours. FUCK YOU the Voice!
ha! good one :)
Is there a replay of TWC Social Media segment?
Big thanks to Bill Grogan's Goat for helping us out with some gear for our Pontiac, MI show!!!
My weekends are usually open as long as I have a weeks notice to get the day off from work.
Thanks for the advice, I'm looking forward to my flights and layover day in AMS!
Bingo! RT Networking is a two-way street, and it’s in helping others that you’ll be helped.
Rocked the #JMS581 SPSS exam. Looks like most of the class did too! Nice job!
I'm an old DOS guy and live in the DOS box. Love a drive letter.
The only reason why I watched American Idol tonight was because I wanted to see !! They hardly showed her!! Ugh!!! :/
your very welcome:)
Terrible game. So frustrating
that moment when you wake up hungover at 1pm and realize you've missed actual whole entire #NHL playoff games
She also likes Kanye West. Not sure that helps
i'll be there !
It's just me, myself, and I and motherfuckers that I came with.
How do you stop a fish from smelling? Cut its nose off..
You will like it. Inventive choices...not your average. LMK
are you in Seattle?!?
Kelly tell mr Pham I'm going to be late
RT : FOLLOW 4 a chance 2 win pairs of tickets 4 VIP tent. Tweet @ us w/ #MKEAirShow 2 win!
Whole Foods has a micro loan program for women entrepreneurs in developing countries? Cool. You go, Whole Foods.
I'm going to guess "undisclosed amount".
Follow for local #LA #Erlang happenings.
Its midnight EST, which means I can go to bed. MERRY NEW YEAR!!!
Sorry about the missing piece! We'll send a new monster out to you on Monday. /cc
nope big fat geek wedding
this nigga put my papers and stuff in some other niggas binder ð<U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Wrong way to the top - Sydney Morning Herald
4 x / day to get the shot. Turn your flash off & shoot the tv commercials from the shows you are watching. Dwnd to your 'Misc 2011' folder.
Otay! Who wants to be the first backout photo?
yep, thts pretty much what I told him. Thx Car!
That does sound lovely. How are you feeling this morning?
please oppose SOPA and PIPA. They are an attack on freedom of information and give the feds even more power to b misused.
I love my screensaver of my baby <3 ;)
Make a wish on 11/11/11? No! Make 111,111wishes! I'm sure they'll all come true
:) RT : Ooh, boy: just had a nutritonic kombucha by Fantastic. Thank God for great pacific nw products!
Charlie Sheen has 90,000 Twitter followers in 24 hours...Apparently people love to witness disaster as it happens. :)
Seattle is a tastier town b/c of Marination Mobile Just had 3 tacos. Full, but still craving more = dangerous.
We Do What's Necessary To Survive
Yes, biological weapons such as anthrax and smallpox are a threat for police officers.
“: S/o to the biggest boozer I know. Follow for ridiculous drunken tweets!!” I do like to get drunk.
And Lamech took unto him two wives: the name of the one was Adah, and the name of the other Zillah.
Me too:) RT : Watching Friends :)
am I rolling wit u boys tn???
Follow us on twitter
We don't either but don't worry were not ging anywhere any time soon!! #HappyHour 2night!!
"Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life." ~B. Auerbach (What music is taking your dust off?)
I'm about to pre-order now.
lots and lots
Klaus, you lent a professional edge as the cohost of the Webinar, looking forward to many more!
James Kirkland
Cause ive broken bones for you, and only you.
i love you two loads
S/O to for being Kyle AND One more tweet to 3000 too! Follow him. :D
Can I borrow it on Sunday?
hey guys, not got many followers can u posibly mestion me? plz
Who has a #gifboom? Follow me, I'll follow back:)
I WAS INTERVIEWING HOMELESS PEOPLE. HOW COME THEY CAN BEG BUT CAN'T GIVE YOU A DIRECT ANSWER ON HOW MUCH MONEY THEY MAKE IN A WEEK...
Get it back.
I want #Flannerys fish again! Craving that and their pancakes!!
Congrats. Sherdog gave you fight of the year on ESPN! Couldn't happen to a nicer guy!
hardees of Mexico your drive thru is so slow!
Awyeah! Let's throw a friendless party. It's gonna be bumpin'
no way! I was there with got there around 8pm.
Yes please do I will watch for it=)
Things are happening in front of Mingei International. Construction in progress. Fun to watch things change.
Pretty nice out this morning...just windy !!
Congrats on the front page of the business section...I am planning on swinging in tomorrow morning.
Buy Mexi-Fries and support local farmers. More incentive: These local taters spend less time traveling, so they retain more nutrients.
the mini e40/rick ross right there
There is still time to resign your lease! Make sure to talk to the front desk or call 612-703-RENT
Korea might be winning.
I would agree with you, But then we would both be wrong.
Brainstorming fun baby shower games for a co-ed BBQ baby shower. Chugging from baby bottles, stroller relays... any other ideas?!...
I'm not hooking you up with any CV guys. I would never put you through that.
Check out Dee Ernst's Ebook "Better off without him". It's a great summer read, so funny, sexy, romantic, & surprisingly real. Gud Stuf .
Waking up next to you >
any time:)
Kind of :/ But there's no way I'm missing our brainstorm pizza party tomorrow
days like this i just want to be home vibing watching 106 its hot as ever in florida!!
Big brotha u have to let the Treme writers know that they must mention the passing of Tim Smooth & Tre-8 in seas 3. GOD bless
See you tomorrow bud!
Big Truck Day at Baltimore Museum of Industry thus Saturday 10 - 2 ! Hope to see everybody there ! Great fun !!!
one of my favorite smells: Easter candy aisle at Target
Hey Steve!! Hope u are doing great! Take care!
Brett thanks for the follow. :)
Lol how hard can it be RT New STD called, "feelings" Don't catch that sh*t
Randomly up at 2 for no reason..still half asleep yet online XD...lol
H2o music fest has weezer, snoop, & mana. Talk bout variety!
I have the #perfect solution for you, the juice pack plus. It’s super stylish too!
how did you guys score a meet n greet and lunch with the one and only ?
Hi Alli :) How are you? Xx
This girl really believes she's a good singer.
Shit chillin.....when the next time u going to the gym me and Big Cleve trying get on the GUN
Need Players for Fantasy Football League in the Denver Area. Send Direct mESSAGE IF INTERESTED. Draft this weekend!
Held out $10 to a homeless guy then pulled it back and yelled "SIKE"...think that's low? You should see our prices!
I'm frm Sunny Florida, USA!
Thank you hun...enjoy your day ladies! Luv ya
so I signed up for your services on the 19th but didn't realize I needed a phone line to plug into. What are my options ?
This is the Rios Kenny thought he was getting a few years ago?
My annual consumption of Advil will see a sharp uptick this year. Used to go through small bottle in 3 yrs.
thanks 4 follow
Kenny Rogers will be playing with the UMW Philharmonic Orchestra at the UMW Anderson Center on April 21st!! Purchase your tickets now!
so basically i need sleep but can't remember how to do that because i have too much else to remembr right now #justwanttobefamous [in india]
Thanks to everyone who helped plan, present, and support #SIDLIT - you put on a great conference
Im glad i didnt put any $ on da Game
Yay just followed me now gotta get da rest of da crew
Our guests get VIP access all over town! Stay in our penthouses & balcony suites while you are treated like a king/queen!
boring shit hm
with over 60 million laws in the country...why is there no enforcement of the most obvious ones from day to day...blatant lying in ads...ok?
Choices are endless. What CHOICE would you make for yourself if you knew you could not fail???
wishing good luck to today on his interview! you got this; i am so proud of you<3 love you!
this always works
Atmosphere was a great start to the long weekend, dropping 10buyins at PLO was not a great finish.
that's the one!
A star circulates with the moon,we live in the night ocean wondering,What are these lights?TY for your light Happy Birthday
that's crazy!
It's crazy how one song can either make or break your mood.
Believe it or not, I love our conversations
just contributed. Thanks for sharing such a Great cause!
ALAN CARUBA: AFGHANISTAN THE DEFINITION OF MADNESS ...
Tell me that you love me
so sleepy!!!
Expenses last 3 days: food $146, cabs $24, massage $25. Will sleep in tomorrow, then hit the pool, then satellites the rest of the day.
I wonder what Austin thinks of my username, lol. He probably thinks I'm a freak. (;
While shopping ice realized two things... #1 I have very expensive taste. #2 I need to stop buying things I don't need :(
Just took a pretty sweet hip hop class from at I gotta learn to pick up that choreo!
Best shower ever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I feel like I did a full body workout today. Instead, I worked salads from 8 to 5.
Hah! We'll see what we can do.
Take two! Pro tip: You can only give a bad play one pan of a review. After that, you have to walk away. Stop dwelling on it FOR yuks.
Great to hear! I'm watching you make awesome lemon merenge pie out of lemons. Stay wonderful! You're a super hero!
can we get a #FOLLOW back please ;) We are Miami locals! Entrepreneurs rising to the top! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00BC><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0>
plz come by and make them for me someday
hey girl
People are dming me about what lesbonet means. It's just a fancy way of saying lesbian. Must be said with an accent lol
Concentrate on fixing your own heterosexual marriage before you lecture on what's wrong with their relationship.
follow back ;)
I did not put $$ on the Mega Millions but I am putting $$ into the case-of-wine lotto to benefit the Immigrant Law Ctr of St Paul.
Damn Its Gone Rain
I was initially told the Fred Jackson deal was two-years worth $8 million plus incentives.
Going on raging bull!
I always put a boot on my truck, even in the barn.
I got a lot of agreement w/ this idea. #OccupyDC should actually propose it. RT Want do a People's Pledge
Never Forget 09.11.2001!!! To all who lost loved ones, and to those who were and still are heroes!!! :)
Layingg Here Textingg. Should Be Sleep.
I guess it's what we make it .
you are, my side :)
Pretty sure that for , riding that Yamaha is like doing a big girl, it gets the job done when ur by yourself...
Wow that was the most fun I've ever had doing homework.. FOL + this really cool simulator = a great time
LMBO. I'm just baffled at how freely these folks are willing to go on national TV & slob down 30 strangers & have sex w/some
Congrats to the Saint John Sea Dogs!
i cant wait to see you on the wendy williams show. you re my favorite actress of all time :)
't be opposed. In the 2nd round on...
Ha! It is better than the wedding hair look. That was just wrong.
Ground Dweller is such a good ass album. <3
Because who doesn't like going home and belting "The Winner Takes It All" with their cat?
every day is #tattooday!
yes I look ugly lol
It's 11:11 Please Follow Me!(: I Love you Austin!(: <3
im sad that all my fav disney shows are gone and that they dont even play reruns anymore i havent seen any original Suite life eps in 4ever!
Back from Summer Soulstice and decided was pretty great. Tho I went most of the show thinking it was Fever Marley. Oops.
Do you have experience door-to-door canvassing? Interested in knocking on doors to generate #solar leads? We are hiring! Send me a message.
You're Welcome!
My weekend begins now!! <U+E312>
U are always great! Thanks for coming on fri . Did u get your italian flag? I have new stuff for the next time ;)
You and me both, had mine for 2 years and can just do the basics! This ish is hard!!
ppl plz follow me
I enjoyed our talk as well. And now I really need to start using Ableton Live. See ya 'round the internet.
About to go for a late night walk
o shii a mexican is in on this non english speakin stuff lmao :D
Another productive day. A big thanks to for helping me get my act together!
Just voted with ! A great way to start the day!
Love Ryan but there's no way he's saying anything specific haha.
Welcome to the Indigo Hell!
Hi ! I am adding you to my timeline and #Milwaukee list. Loving our weather, summer is here!
finally finally finally saw cowboys and aliens. I want to be in anything you direct from now on! Give this actress a shot.
Forever you'll stay in my heart... no penalty though///glad I didn't need the rest...good to see you too!
As much as I love my 62 bath and body works hand sanitizers, I realize how it doesn't work....
DAMNN..! EveryBody HAS To Follow . Her Tweets Havee Me Laughinn Like Fun - LMAOOO (=
Oops Watching the moment after
RT if you think the Blackhawks are going to eat the Coyotes for dinner tonight!
MT #FF to some awesome tweeps ... --- > Thanks Christina, we think you are awesome too!
You might be a redneck if: You replace a flat tire on your truck with a tire from your house. LOL and Goodnite!
omg rely ur so lucky so ur like gonna mis school for like 3 weeks ur so freakin lucky I wanna go to London!!
Tried out a new Italian restaurant. Oh it is great. Called Taste of Italy.
Well Vincent a has a CUTE laugh.. Woohooo wut a turn on ahahahah
You literally (publically) slept your way to the "top". #Klassy RT : If Khloe & I take a city what city should it be???
APS news: Some teachers told they must reapply for their jobs. And does the ... - Atlanta Journal Constitution (blog)
may have to wait a little while yet
MAWWWWWWWWNIN Todays going to be an amazing day........
wow... my love for SNSD has influenced my friends :) thanks so much :)
when me and are ready to talk and calls<<<< thanks for leaving me just chill here guys. -___-
Look, Fox News, if marriage didn't want Obama to declare war on it, it shouldn't have shot Archduke Ferdinand.
When all you do is consume things to galvanize and feed your pain body, you will eventually consume yourself
It's pretty sweet, isn't it? We hope you continue to find it useful!
Excellent service, thanks for the support!
yes-& saddened. I have a 21 year old daughter whose rights will be eroded to those of a hog or cow if these ppl have their way.
Congrats Andy! RT : I got the best of media award at the Penrod Arts Fair. Thanks to everyone that stopped by!
plus android and me are only hanging on by a thread...I feel a bit like Tina Turner at the moment
Opponents are also hitting .288 against the entire Milwaukee pitching staff...filled with good athletes
Not sure we can say/know that suspensions do nothing. Since they haven't begun yet.
Thanks for following me. I followed you back. I just woke up from a nap and I'm going to bed now. 'Night.
I just finished it. It was wonderful!!
yes thank you so much! Lo aprecio tanto!
can't wait! x
Why? Why do you still matter?
Woohoo!!! Cowboys win! We did it! We did it!
A good workout is all it takes to change your attitude :) #StayPositive <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
somebody better pass along the memo that #24 needs to get the ball EVERY possession in the half court. My lord this is ugly
Hello FrockOut A lot of the photos from NJ Fashion & Beauty Week will be published in Desirable Magazine Issue 5.
OK I gotchu
#nationalhonestyday is the sweetest person ever. no matter what all these stupid people are saying to me. :) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
says they'll turn brown after using it, yikes
What's up with everybody naming their dogs RAMBO?
Man, my iPhone think he's smarter than me!!
Time to get ready for dance choreography practice!!! Gracias 4 all the luv! Will catch up w/u later! #shakeshakeshake :D
Keep your virginity your worth much more to a particular someone
thx for taking time to follow! Hope u find my posts helpful~ r ur bars EF, NF, DF, by chance?
RT : The first chapter sells the book; the last chapter sells the next book. - Mickey Spillane (or maybe a short story?)
Roots reggae right now
Who feels like talking?
katy please look up Kony 2012!!! He make him famous!!! He must be stopped!!!
RT : Davey asked his coaches whether they felt it was too early for him to move Harper up in the order. Their answer? "No."
actually; no words required!
are you talking about the video or me and ?
hey follow me n my bff
This would be fun! :D Can I be a chat room moderator?
dad you gotta tag Matt in the post... Like this
Just got done working on a video for youtube with and .it was great!
“: At least today ended well” <--- Agreed :)
#dateline is SO good.
Jealous GOT ME STRAPPED!
Tattoo number 4 hurts like hell but looks great
Man Texas can hit the ball all over the place
com? I'm going to try and start selling some of my comics and want to know if this is a good place to do so
Plan for today: 1. Get up 2. Be amazing 3. Go back to bed
I wanna know why the New Orleans DJs don't mix! There a bunch of slamers!! Smdh!
it gets better too! They took our picture for the wall last time we were here, too! But mainly to tilt you! <3
how can ppl be so disgusting without feeling any remorse what so ever. I hope what you bring upon ppl is brought upon yourself
Follow great photography!!!
Love it. Sending you a DM now.
Respect is major!!!!!!
RT : A5 Be a business first !!! Surround yourself with people who believe in you, and business people with experience.
Opening night!!!!! Woooohoooo!! So excited <3
Omg i thaught my twitter got hacked lmao wtf i couldnt get on for a long time geesh i took me a month man i miss twitter :(
Shout out to who is moving the weights and machines into her new gym today. She is a reminder that actions make dreams a reality.
I kind of messed things up with me and my friend. I have a disease called trichotellimania and she made fun of me help
I need more followers #teamfollowback plzz :D ill follow yuh back asap :D
hey biotch, spambot, you're #BLOCKED!
Steven looks different without his glasses.
Whoa...wonder how much Facebook is paying #CNBC for this 24 hour Facebook commercial I'm watching...somebody tweet me when it's over!
or would it make you my favourite person ever? Hmm
I am indeed an asshole
wouldn't doubt MLB all-star game dying - another feather in bud selig's cap for sure. home field advantage gimmick is dumb.
reading listening to music and being around people I care about, and you?
Laddering in 40 minutes with Minigun backing me up! Will learn ZvP if it kills me. .___.
#Community4awhile. I am in!
Breath control directly affects heart rate/blood pressure, emotions, immune/digestive systems, performance, stamina & overall chemistry
PLEASE COME BACK.
Devin Ebanks showed real lack of #selfcontrim (he will get an earful from Kobe later...)
Liam follow me? (:
Love these days...docu shoot for client Taj Smith then Bragmann's for lunch.
Thanks for the follow ! Cheers!
And the random World Peace sign at the end.
Your friends, they look good but you look better.
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it, misdiagnosing it and then misapplying the wrong remedies.
i actually need to talk to you about it get on fb
im proud to of graduated there
It was a BIG deal here when Amazon signed Nancy Pearl recently.
great job bro work hard play daily
For anyone still awake we will be podcasting tomorrow night at 8:30pm EDT.
Oh well...
I know -- I'm so sad -- it would be amazing. Maybe next year.
Congrats to Kershaw & Kemp from the Dodgers for making the All Star team!!!
We have many more tickets to give away!! Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter to win.
thanks for this awesome assignment of watching #thevoice. I now have a crush on Blake Shelton.
that's cool. You up for Saturday video games?
Fresh painted nails
Charges filed in a hit and run bike fatal over the weekend in Minneapolis. Hear more about the 61 year old victim at 5pm on WCCO Radio.
Thank you and the same to you! I'm so pleased to be your follower!
It hasn't been long so it seems Since I was picking out an island and a tomb for you at the Hollywood Cemetery Someone's got to help me dig
Got an Urgent Response Needed letter about my car warranty. Sent to "Tim Blane or current resident." So... they think I'm living in my car.
What does Ms Matlin have around her neck w/ hoop earrings?? Yikes!
Welcome to Wichita, Austin!
Yes, however the last release was two years ago. For The Slayers, this box set has been out for almost 3.
If you have trouble sleeping, I recommend getting comfy and watching "Thunderbirds Are GO!".
Did everyone have a good Thanksgiving?
Sure wish would send me what I need *clears throat*
BRANDY! :D :D
Hahaha aw I miss my little cousin! Not you. The lil guy in the pic :)
just one it was 20 bucks but i got two gouramis and a bapa shark too and im gonna get some swordtails too
I gots a question for you!
ok. drive safe, babe <3
I spelt damn right.
S/O to for being my newest follower! Long time no talk! Haha
Watchen think like a man <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
what do you think I mean by trauma/addiction?
I awoke from this nap relaxed now my only problem is how i'm gonna peel myself off this bed.
Fuck lil Wayne, Drake is where its at and childish.
Give for a child. #upward-transitions-org where horses help children
Important question on #newbeans stream: how do you know your work is resonating? #loyaltyweek So important for the patron experience!
Just started three weeks ago!
John Nash! Crosstown Station. See you soon.
I miss Myspace. Myspace was built to create hilarious, public drama. Facebook is an avenue for creeps to creep around privately.
Why not push Montgomery County, MD-style evaluations? Why couldn't that be "the hill to die on," as Starr says? /cc
W.I.T. (whatever it takes)!
I use to have one but I think leo lost it o.o
I admit I am more than slightly tempted to go to Chicago to do #dreamforce again, and just to see Chicago in general.
any mahomies wanna tinychat with me
Did you read my ch 11 yet...and did you see the video podcast I did for ?
Unreal episode of east bound tonight your in store for a treat.
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Colgate Floss Holders and most oral care products.
HELP looking for play of the day with little league kid video from last week. Pls send link
I had fun running around with you and your mom today! Hope you guys had a good afternoon!
You and the fab team will be the first RT : I'm still waiting to get my preview
I KNEW austin was on. He is reading all of our tweets.
for the second time today, may the 4th be with you
Tia's is now accepting applications for the 2011 season. Weekdays from 10 to 4 P.M. experience details at tiaswaterfront.com/employment.php
everyone's safe, thanks! How about your host family?
Looking for an arm candy date. Must be able to dance the whole Night. Please apply within message. Hehe. Prom 5/11
Stats available at FACEBOOK (iiMod)
I don't think so.lol I'm scared of the outcome of he did.LOL
Hey Fus, I want to switch servers and its asking me to unsubscribe from POL...t should I go through with it? Idk whats goin on lol
I need advice BAD
hey you!! hows life?
“: When #Pisces has a feeling something will happen, it usually does.”
There could actually be a great movie idea here, no joke.
TONITE'S DA NITE !! LOVE TRIO WITH ARTO TUNCBOYACIYAN AND DJ MODEST P...MIDNITE AND 2 AM...COME ON BY , NUBLU 62 AVENUE C , NEW YORK CITY !!
But only for a week :(
need to contact KEITH HANKS
Milwaukee Bucks 85 Detroit Pistons 73 End Of 3rd #bucks #pistons #nba (Via )
oh fuck! &no mothafucking invite lol ? jk damn nigga,i just got home doing stuff around the house but wish i was with you!
did so good :') those judges are insane!
I AM SORRY TELEVISION, YOU HAVE SERVED ME WELL AND JUSTLY
At the DMV
we all play SYNTH
The show must go one B-)
Omg I can't wait for u to come to seattle.I. can't stop listening to u song u guys got me addicted. Love u.a lot
read your post on library websites. have you considered marketing a series of CMS templates they can use?
I wonder what it feels like to be one of those pretty girls that all of the guys want.
"D" stepped it up 2nd half....Bring on New England!
hey, are you out today? We're at Momocho right now.
No love for Wisconsin. #sadarms RT : Thank you so much, Minneapolis! And you too, Chicago! Midwest represent. X
making some beats
Sounds awesome! We can't wait to see them
And the crowd at the Dane finally gets into it.
A lot of tour dates coming up soon and we are so pumped to finally get out and see you all!!!
Pardon the swag
When people with good voices sing by me makes my voice sound <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
A good condition Volvo 240 Wagon is my Sasquatch.
We couldn't either. RT : I can't follow this banking/home owners bit either...
awesome time in San Francisco with you and the team!
how am i poor yet have loaned out like $35 in the past few weeks
The title of ALIEN in Hungarian: "The 8th Passenger: Death". The title of ALIENS: "The Name of the Planet: Death".
#FF my personal account I follow everyone back :)
What is smaller a skosh or a smidge?
- & I finished 24h early. Take that!
RT : We're collecting the best watchdog journalism on campaign finance. Know any? Tag it with
GAWD, that was pretty. (The next one, too).
Sure, I'll make sure to include in our complaining.
TbxWknd in Hamburg next month, UK sometimes if I'm lucky. Rio-Lisbon has got to be one long flight! Enjoy!!
If at first you don't succeed, screw the world and smoke some weed.
Looking forward to working with IfCM on this! “: less than two weeks until our first weekend of events!”
<U+200E>Hearing from 2012 March for Babies Chair, Joeseph Bray, City Pres BBVA "Making sure every baby has the best chance for life."
Wow! You're brave, Rhonda! :)
I really have trouble embracing that the phrase is "on the app store" instead of "in." do you feel me?
then go fall of the stair :p
Very excited yesterday to welcome my new nephew to the world.....Happy Birthday, baby Dustin!
Best of luck to and at their combine camp. Make an Impact and show them how does it!
Great fun last night with folks and Nice to meet the brains behind the app!
When you hurt yourself while walking in the dark cus your too lazy to turn on the lights nd u cant see shit. ;p
the republican party has one goal: defeat barack obama..let's not let them do it!
Re: Head in sand, maybe I dont care if someone makes money. Women need the service. Corruption hinders goal but goal is sound.
couldn't agree more
if you would have checked in 20 minutes ago, i'd have been there...
got to beat Houston my man but I love our chances. Can we take some shots down field with gabbert this year especially on 1st
Good Morning. :) You should have some Grape's for breakfast.
heh, he did that badly last year?
My three old knew to call a timeout in that spot.
that was a decent tweet, but let's stress more on the fact that I literally can "save lives"
Ok, so in everywhere but MA, Patriot's Day is not even a thing. I shouldn't care. Still wish I had the day off like Diana.
6 miles gets easier and easier every time I run them
Out of work, sun is blazin', pumped to clean the house. Fuh-yah!
Wednesday's Bonus Point: Visit the South Madison Metropolitan Planning Council Office. Put a link to their website in your photo caption!
anything less than video of you first session is unworthy.
#Medeco - we've got our first winner already. MEDECO = MEchanical DEvelopment COmpany. Thanks Fran!
LOVE IT!!!!!! I will have no excuse to be in a bad mood tomorrow.
Thanks Tony!!
Wow #Scandal was awesome tonight, did not see that coming and he was so nice on Eli Stone!
I enjoyed some great premier league action today War ManCity
ha ha. I trust him. is a wise man, very, very wise man. Plus, the internet never lies.
Its Official Getting The Drake Album 2 Morrow After School.M.P.
Maybe the benefit in old music apps is posting unreleased tracks for Fan-only content.
Do you like surprises?? Surprise your friends and family with a fun afternoon or night- Relax-we've got you covered-you look like a Star
20 years ago today I gave birth to a beautiful, sweet, fun-loving baby girl. Happy birthday, Jessie! I miss you!
wut it do twitter! once again, itz ya boy One Shot
Im watchn it at home on my sofa in front of my 17 inch tube telly lol where u watchn it? They dont show it at the bars,do they
That includes Evolution - the "Big E word"
People should join rp because they're awesome and they need more guy characters!
The more I visit mchenry row, the more I realize how anti-urban its public spaces are. It's not enough to just put buildings close together.
That one dude is so icy... yet he hasn't even signed a contract yet
subscriber rates for ESPN have to go up after this round of overpaying conferences, they should throw in LHN for free
that would not help because in the movies the Cowboys never run out of bullets.
Follow us on twitter, twitter.com/tourstoptv
hey beautiful :) how goes the dating pool?
got some of your pics on FB bro! Hope you have a great weekend!
5 to 9 tomorrow morning find out about the new way to visit an inmate at the Clackamas County jail
Mfs is on OKC dick sucking the skin off they shit
Just wondering if any of the people running for RNC really understand technology or are just politicians.
Playing tonight with come hang with us
We have a huge benefit show coming April 1st! Fashion shows, live musical performances and great surprises and giveaways! Keep checking in!
This is wonderful. Forwarded to my former prof who had us recite the lord's prayer in OE every morning.
Happy Mothers Day (: have a good one!!
Happy Holidays to All!
Wait guys, what's Austin's kik?
thank you and glad to be in touch!
My dad told me that we're going to Europe in the spring:)
Happy Birthday Carrie, early :)
If looks could kill.
Strippers name is jada, gotta tip this one lol
NBA: Magic exec: Howard, Van Gundy can co-exist Orlando Magic senior vice president Pat Williams, who helped found the franchise in 1989
Yea .. That what I said
dreadfully out of shape, but felt good to be running NYC bridges again
Without the Redheads, Brunettes and Blondes would the world still turn? Thank God for all the beautiful Women on earth. Keep spinning.
I rather befriend sluts than liars.
Of course. I am pretty old.
Lmfao I posted one of my statuses on ur fb wall.. -_- so embarrassing!
That sad moment when I've lost my Bieber fever so I cant enjoy 's 18th birthday :(
Klout: identities getting confused with avatars://t.co/2aqK7J8I
Smoked Porter on tap.
Poor John Connor--he took a hard left turn at Skynet.
Let's Go Caps! RT : Too stressful watching the Caps game alone I'm going to to get away
He's a valet in the game and he must be winnin'?
I think we might do that :)
Built a custom Facebook Fan Page for Melloy Dodge. Put their page up & they secured an appt the same day. They sold the car that weekend!
Smdh RT : Caught these big girls recording another big girl shake her butt outside our window and that's all I could say
I feel like im getting sick :(
I'm off to Japan :D
thanks for the RT!
you can fit in that car? even without all the presents!?
add: tolerate the rodents living in your roof
We are on our way over to the HCC candidates forum. Just finished nocking doors.
Haha no homo on that last tweet. I just appreciate and respect ambition.
That moment when you're so tired from taking a nap that you feel like you have to take another nap to get over your nap.
when you Anna go just hum , I'll go with !
Going to #dsum12. How about u?
want a shout out ?(: <3
Ugh... I need some in my life. LIKE NOW.
Peace of mind really reflects on our existence.
We support our Brother in faith & prayer & his new album release #ShakeHeaven! Purchase on iTunes TODAY!
that sounds horrible
looking up recipes for dinner tonight. I had to push the "children can make the dish" link so I know I can make it
Hey! It was good, not great. Kind of cliche'd nowadays. I'm reading The Left Hand of Darkness now!
Why do people not understand the Revolutionary War was really a civil war?
I know how you feel with missing everything... I spend the day with the inlaws and missed it all... Oh well.
3rd we tweet the video link w/ a of the person that sent us the video. we will also tweet what is the video is about.
Whirlwind of a day: early coffee w/Mike Honkamp of followed by morning meeting with M&I- a part of BMO Financial Group.
i want to go skip through the tulip fields in the netherlands.
lol hey, I just may!
how much do you have the Celtics winning by?
Food... uh yea I don't share (:
lmfao nana gets on my nerves !! xD <3 love this bitch though .
The guy with the leg brace sprints when he sees green held out a window. “: Thats a character builder”
That would be sick! :D
time for nicky baseball to end the inning
i think ill stick with the lighter :)
RT 2,800 teenage girls get pregnant each day. RT If you like bacon.
Tick Tock, one of critic Paul Pritchard's "most memorable indies of 2010" will screen in a 700 seat theater at Toronto Independent FF.
thanks for folling me :)
NCAA is such a BS organization... it needs to go away.
**WANTED** Lead Audio Designer - Canadian based A Developer, for more info contact .uk
So hard goin back to work today after all the #celebrating. I'm #sick & its #raining.Pretty much explains the level of #energy I have today.
Why is this happening
Recruiting #promoters in #SouthBeach. Contact me for more info:
Going to bed, G'night :)
“: Yelling! LOUD NOISES! (Anchorman reference) #sixers”YES
hearing songs that Austin covered and automatically thinking of him.
I have some great deals on computer memory. If your computer is old and put-puting along consider a RAM upgrade. It will do wonders...
If God was tailgating, he'd down a couple brats!
Yes it is lol!
Rise and shine!
We sure is!
you're thinking about Penn State.
#Travelgrace for my BF Friedel. Cant wait until I hold him. !!
do we ever truly get a say in that?
love your blog!
I usually just block those.
Thanks to everyone who came out to The Delancey on Friday it was a blast. We are going to start working on the recording of our next album!
About to start our DevOps panel. Direct your heckles to , , , ; Questions to
So. The problem w/being all productive and busy bee in the morning is...z. Seriously. I'm not sure I can even stay awake for Castle.
Don’t just get things done; get the right things done, and done right.
if we feeling they really should perform we will invite them.
It's amazing how many cares disappear when you decide not to be something, but to be someone
:'( Also, what's being said about the new stadium?
That's the reasoning given when to women women who want to learn to code. They should get over being told they'll suck!
In every anime i watch, the word "perv" always has to come up in there somewhere...
IfWomenDidNotExist There would be no reproduction! We wouldn't exist!
#YouGetPointsIf you dont have a pre-determined opinion of men because of a past mistake and love Adventuretime :D
did you make it? :-)
We are currently making memories worth rewinding
im fantastic at holding goats. Truly an expert. Hahaha
I truly understand your loss. My condolences.
Also #checkout this website out if you want to purchase any of your #favorite fitness apparel, equipment, supplements, games and MORE!
Don't be a tease, send me the link!
Bring some people to The Garage tonight! Tonight we are raising the EZRA STANDARD! This is going to be good! 7pm!
auto mechanic! Astronaut! Luge racer! What, you had something else in mind?
Fyi: stop feeding these young kids all that fast food junk and candy.....set the tone early
no homo hml in the am I'm still at my cuzzo crib # tipsy
agreed. I saw on day in a week series of a Toronto photographer's life for 16 yrs. He went thru all kinds of stuff, very cool.
Raji's sack = the dagger?
Thanks for following us!
Have fun and good luck!
": Hey VO peeps....you should def take advantage of of services to your advantage...pass it on"
Grl I can get you wetter than a pool Hotter than the sun have you love dumb lookin silly as a fool
Yeah ! I sent you what they said!
I got a dollar
Headed south on i-15 towards wildfire and traffic mess. Updates on fox5vegas.com.
Contest winner packages will be sent out this week!!
: The nails are the pregame. Maggie I think you know what we are doing Saturday!
Arrived in Champaign - by rental car - after lightning strike, aborted landing, and incident-free but nerve-wracking return to O'Hare!!!
Love is a four letter word
: Q2: Which British rock star explained: "I smash guitars because I like them"?
i need followers.
I bet that can be unpleasant too :/
Finally! A new, compelling answer to why Y! AB needs multiple name support: migration, physical, between locales with different scripts.
Looks like the incorrect Twitter handle bug is fixed now. If you tried to sign up before w/ a wrong twitter handle, please try again.
Been great seeing my friends like Mike, Alexandra, Jack and Kurt and everyone! I have the best friends in the world... all about quality!
Nehemiah wasnt at school today c;
Happy National Coming Out Day!!!!!!
Thank you!
mama i emailed you already =)
Just drove :)
so I hear <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> haha. Spaghetti and meatball night?
Yeah im sad i wish we could be still on tinychat :(
lol I know cutie thought I'd make ya laugh. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Night Wes xo's
One more quick #FF to good peeps you should know & my wife
FYI: George Zimmerman's defense attorney used to be on MADTV
lol, sorry for the late reply I was showering
<------needs something sweet right bout now.
Omg omg omg
I fail just because I thought your question was made up. I had to google it.
I need to meet rihanna
Protect your relationship with God like you would protect your home...Let no outside forces change your desire to please the All-Mighty God!
Uncertainty and expectation are the joys of life. -William Congreve
Check out the website, listen to the music, buy the albums and sign up for our mailer! Dont be afraid to send some feedback
In TX we call that
. Just ordered Dreams of the Ringed Vale.
Haha, good times.
did my first show as a bioqueen last night. you inspire all women, biological or otherwise.
you're welcome
Congrats!! RT congratulations on the grammy nommy!
LET'S GO BOYS!
PLUM is gearing-up to announce the launch of our new site. Stay tuned!
I hate having Insomnia -.-
I believe in second chances, I just don't think everyone deserves them.
dvring it! Can't wait to see
Time for Rampage to get into movies lol! Game over!
I'm just gonna settle this now. Tan, numba 1 rule of ghetto, can't stand with your legs crossed! #pigeontoe lol muah!
Well, The Big 4th of July Weekend is Wnding Down and I Hope Everyone had a Great One.
The best way to build trust right away with someone new is to go into the conversation with enough room for both.
Looking forward to the Oscars!
Dude, I'll be in truck-stops nationwide any day now. Kundalini Foxworthy, dude! I'll make a mint! Numerology!
You don't get paid for the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to the hour.
Who invented that universal sound Alarm clocks make in the morning bruh?
I need to find what might be mine, just let me go this time.
and it actually helped! Much better than my last run at 9 am on Sunday.
does that include the boot?
keep hearing Braun decision coming today or tmrw
Bowyer one of several to suffer fate
While I dance I can not judge, I can not hate, I can not separate myself from life. I can only be joyful and whole. ~ Hans Bos
My sisters First Communion was today. #Church was extra lomg
justin beeber who ;-)
thanks! Just checking because kpbs is off
If you met someone who has never heard a Country Music song, what would be the first country song you played them?
UK SC rules in the Rainy Sky S. A. v Kookmin Bank case concerning issues of construction of shipbuilder's refund guarantees: [2011] UKSC 50.
cocoa butter...
#final #fantasy is so great I am loving #ff13 on the
Hey! Where'd my last tweet go?
“: Damn hispanic girls have some nice asses <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> #justsayin chicas” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Question Of The Day: ("Black Men")……
For those of you who doubt any pronunciations in the #50shades series, may I ask you to check Merriem Webster to make sure YOU'RE not wrong?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: We don't have "legal separation." For court orders to govern a separation, a spouse must file for divorce.
There are no good girls gone wrong, just bad girls found out
To me, the Alchemist is the craft beer wave. Rising perpetually to push away the common, the passionless w/a grace only found in cool waters
Thanks so much Ken.
welcoming on board Michael Mccraw who will represent Alabama
Maybe it's a rejected Dr. Seuss rhyme?
Good luck. I wish you the best. Florida isn't a part of that lotto system - I think Georgia is the closest state to buy tickets
#10ThingsIFindAttractive guys who still open the car door or hold a door for you on occasion..
"Pay me for my work, but I don't do it for the money" - Vanna Bonta
GREAT idea!!
Did anyone take photos of the Ludacris concert? We're looking for photos for the blog. Email us at , thanks!
Tweet me ;)
If only I had a guitar >:/
yes! Typhoon was a stand out of the day. Great showcase Red Ryder!
Happy New Year All!! May everyone be blessed with Health, Happiness and Prosperity the whole Year through. Happy 2012!!
"I fashioned this guitar out of an old canoe"
what's good lil bra
1 more hour and I'm outta here Leggo
god damn it feels good to be a jayhawk!
AUCI - Good time to bid sit in the mid .002's..
Come on Buccos, .500 is there for the taking!
Be sure to eat at the Tin Angel while you're in Salt Lake! Ask Carol about it :)
love my Panerai! Sporty and dressy! Thanks!
are you ignoring me? LOL. dms. (:
#Follow SlimRoyale - funny guy!
: yes he should put more regulation on the banks.he also needs to enforce the ones in place now.we can't afford to keep bailing out.
MY FRIENDS COUSIN IS EMMA OSTILLY. WUT.
" Oh, and if you forgot your username as well, it's saleem." Ha! Stellar password reset just schooled me. Zing!
yes you did :-p
you tell him sealver
he know who u do. He knows u best. Good looking out Ran
goodness! From who? But yeah I did
What are you doing this Satruday? Come to the Badass Business Women Anniversary Party. We work hard, but we play harder!...
follow back g
To lead the people, walk behind. ~ Lao Tzu
dang. Well let me know once he gets to dville, and when visiting hours are. I'll go break him out of there.
Wing night. My fuel. Mi raizon de etre. the reason i put a girdle on every morning.
It's a great day to be alive in Fort Worth, Texas. Get out and enjoy the weather. Gus from Lonesome Dove was right.. It's about living....
Watching USA Mans Soccer in world cup qualifying. USA is up 1-0 late in game
right now, I really just want to talk to you, to hear your voice, and to see your smile. LOL JK! there's nobody like that here.
you Better do that it'll be sick nasty awesomeness!!!
CVC video: Are we facing a surplus of veterinarians? Dr. Mike Paul weighs in the implications of the increasing number of veterinary scho
My one love my one heart my one life for sure , I'ma tell you one time
As always, has beautiful slides that emphasize the concepts he's presenting.
hey there its ok I know ur on the move, just wanted to make sure I said the name correctly b4 I recorded. Hit me when ya can
i just saw the video to incondicional the video is so cute i love it! & u were looking good like always
Alot of my friends they turned fake,when they found out what I made so far this year..#jhigh ballin bih
I put my hands together and put them in the air, thanking god knowing you will always care
Gelatin Squirts.
incredible, I'm just trying to get my hands on the documentary!
how did you get your nikes with those initials?
Im kid's Ballgame while other 2 r performing 4 #faf dinner theater. Im gettin texts like crazy telling me how awesome my girls r doing!
Sorry to hear that; happened to me a few years back - HSBC was fast & great, but felt very invasive
Re: vols.... we're always looking, and I think we fit the profile.
Where u goin? RT : Oh I'm finally done packing. Now I can watch tv.
hey, I love you :) I wore red pants too school today and got so many compliments #thankyouforbringingbackredpants <3
good night Niall I love you! :) stay beautiful x
tales more than that to make you blush, Solo!
Some guys now these days and their fucking nerve -___-
Clearspending.com announced at #g2s. When .org steps in a helps gov't.
The lucky 30 Twitter accounts will get a very special Easter surprise!
Is uncontrollable.. He does as he pleases.. Luckily you have domesticated him.
they need more speedos like right now lol
Shared via from Sidney Harman Hall: Getting some culture with the fam watching pilabolous
no Im alive. Ill be done Babysitting around nine. Maybe ill give you a call
Happy Momma's day! I love my momma a lot! :D
GIRL ARE YOU OKAY RT : A 5.9 magnitude earthquake struck off the coast of Chile near the city of Valparaiso.
State b-ball tommorow
idk u spoke spanish.
Obama secures his lock on the gay vote, simultaneously loses the defensive, self-loathing latent homosexual vote
Thank you! That's a great idea.
when they coming to NAPTOWN there A lot of fans here
#ThoughtsWheniLookInTheMirror that doesn't match as much as you want it to so just change
Getting a dancing penguin as a pet and naming it Channing Tatum.
I just don't see it yet.
#teamfollowback I'm not one of those annoying spammers but I will follow you back
thanks for visiting the blog!
Damn , what did you do to them hahaha.
RT Happy Halloween! Thanks !!
#estedinners are open if you're free. East Sacramento Tuesday Enclave
did you like the Hunger Games film?
There's not a snowball's chance in hell id give up those hine parts.
We will have a meeting with a manager of Mason Dining tommorow!
Greenhouses are for making warm, humid microclimates for cold-sensitive plants. Not really needed in Texas.
Happy 18th Birthday Justin!!! Hope you have a wonderful day(: Forever and Always a #BELIEBER <3
good luck with your interview - i know you'll hit it out of the park!
great thanks for reaching out!!! If you could email , we can talk further Much appreciate it!
ABDC7 you gonna watch all the dance crews tear up that stage
Finally have wireless on our mac. We're almost settled into our new place. Sorry for the delays in responses and thx for your patience.
R.I.P Chuck Brown
The avaliable porta-poties during the event will be on the 600 BLOCK OF MIFFLIN STREET
Are you two still in ?
Have you tried using Paper for note taking?
nevermind alright, thanks.. but follow me back tho
alright that's it. so many gifs. i am in love with 18 year old omg
Know exactly what you want from donors: "How much, how many, how often, and why."
Who's running in the #NYCMarathon this Sunday??
Have people gone totally nuts?
Auto correct changed Dreamhost to Dreamboat, which is ironic considering how many times all my sites have been down this month.
are you avail for an interview? goes up on mashable
he asked how U were doing! Asia always Ccing me on tweets. Hi Trey.
It is so hard to pack for 45 degrees when it's 85. I'm thinking, "I won't really need my coat, right?"
May 1952: 4 paintings by WSC displayed at Royal Academy Exhibition: On the Var, Cannes Harbour, Ramparts over Rhodes, Sunset over Jerusalem
I'm a happy, lucky girl. Thankful for family, rock'n'roll and you. Happiest Thanksgiving lovely friends!!! xoxo
'Kobe, he's your problem now.' Sincerely, The State of Indiana. MT : #MettaWorldPeace elbow. What was your reaction?"
I LOVE WHEN THINGS DONT WORK OUT!
Watching the #thrilling finale of the #Championstour Liberty Mutual Insurance Legends of Golf and trying to decide what to make for
RT : Geofencing -- cool, but not practical at this point. Need to have phone on, looking at phone, etc. Better to target...
If you can attend any #PRSSA or #PRSA events, you should. You can exchange ideas, attend workshops, & network! They're fantastic.
get at me when you come thru Atlanta, maybe we can get together and rap about getting you involved in the Xtamina movement
Thanks, Rick!
DM me or Tweet me back
good for you! Happy for you
working sucks....especially working overnight!
Ha! RT : Hypothetical for you Democratic loyalists: Would you rather have Rod Blagojevich or Jerry Sanders as mayor of SD?
Having someone to talk to when u can't sleep
When you coming back to NYC I would love to buy tickets to see you do stand up
lol I thought you were marrying Raven and/or ?
or just one of 282 people issued tickets as of 5:50pm. As Mr. Miagi said "best defense no not be there".
Yes, she is a virtuoso. Maybe she could go on tour?! "Nina Totenberg LIVE: Readings from your favorite Supreme Court sessions!"
Oh no.
me too
sounds like Gucci too!
How do you expect to make money?
=sun and better bright eyes to you =
We can reach great heights together.
I think that look was popular. I was rocking something similar. #kidnplayiscomingback Are you posting AAU pics this year?
When people chew like a horse& thinks it's cute
How many times can u say f@#% in one episode lol
Do it! RT : Wisconsin, exercise your rights today: VOTE
Lots of birthdays today. Happy Birthday to & Have a great day!
Where's your favorite spot on the island to enjoy a refreshing beverage?
; idk why i said that lol but i been good. You?
RT : Son: Daddy, what's gay? Dad: It means happy. Son: Are you gay? Dad: No, I married your mother.
their 80's is our 70's!!
k, but you better not be canceling CP!
You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars. - Gary Allen
Tomorrow will be live! The drunk lawn guy drove into the dish.... It's all good now, except the cranky engineer ;)
Neck and back hurt alot./:
“: I wish at least one guy would treat me right <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>” give it time. The right guy will come.
#ITAOTC would b nothing w/o Chefs JoachimSplichal THNX
Seriously, who gives a huge test two days before the final? So much to do
thanks for the mention! It's great to continue highlighting the diverse communities interested in
We'd love to know who you follow that inspires you professionally!
Q2 this is the first I have heard of #NaNoWriMo but now my brain is churning with ideas about how to promote it!
I'm always at the gym this early in the morning...but as a #freerunner the world is my gym :)
I have more SPAM on my social media accounts than the mini mart in Austin, MN. QUIT IT!
veteran, entrepreneur, BMXer, graphic designer, photographer, righteous dude. Who are you? (;
Dear pacific northwest, I miss you already.
I've got 2 Mothers hiding their Daughters for Failing to Appear. Hows that for Parenting 101? #KC #POLICE Agent Potter PLS RT
audio or video?
Thats what Im talking about!!!
Something feels off center while taking medication with beer... Oh well, I'll try it again in another 12 hours
That's legit shit, bro (;
Some of my friends are waking up.. Some of my friends are about to go to bed.. lol. Awkward
my friend saw that someone like you cover my austin was favorited on youtube, and goes "omg you like austin mahone? me too!"
applying for a Fallbrook Library public art project. soon as i'm done twitterizing
The two hardest things to say in life are hello for the first time, and goodbye for the last.
At my high school there was nothing more socially acceptable than carrying a Bible around all the time and preaching (to me).
#FF did you know that our very own Ryan Butler runs a recording studio? Check him out for all of your audio needs!
Y'all can run a ride now. That's what I'm talking bout.
brain fried
Thank you so much for having the Soulful Sisters Social Club...we really enjoyed the show!
Welcome to Twitter... Make sure you tweet a lot so that I am always updated :) All the best!!!!
"Olivia Strong needs to calm the fuck down." - Best thing in my life. ;)
The knee is still borked from running the Chicago Polar Dash 1/2 marathon this past weekend.
I knew those damn 4SQ check-ins would come back to bite me!! LOL
pssssss u ask
I still have a beard.
What would you do for a Klondike bar? ;D
cold? in poland is warm :) so you come here! haha <U+2665> yes i know who is
Just got back from a recording session with Bonnie Hayes. The new song "Sad Cafe" is coming along very well.
Which presidential candidate will be the first to engage voters using LINE?
My daughter & her Beau are going to Seattle v Portland next Saturday...OFF THE HOOK!
Thanks to I'm on top of my biz w/new tech & media!
• Yeah but you're probably being sincere. I'd just like everybody to SETTLE DOWN. Wait, Tropicana Field? When?
": I hate broken promises..." don't we all...but gotta live wit em and let others karma take its tole on them..
thought my twitter name was "snoozygirl" LOL! No. It's Superman.
At the post office. Long line, but my loins are girded. Being in the castro, my groins should also be visible.
Although I'm going to miss Morgantown, I can't wait to be home for 4 months :)
Good Morning #atl! We are ready for the BIGGEST #cnndialogues to date!! Follow along this evening w/ #cnndialogues or
In 1990, the FDA approved certain lasers for use on soft tissue that promise less pain, less noise and less fear in dental procedures.
Congrats! You'll OWN that program!!!
In days of research I've realized that the 3 dots (...) are over used. I think I need to start having classes on how to use them
Thank you! That is very nice.
#celticschat The celtics have got to rebound in this game, or we are going to lose.... and trust me i dont want to lose.
Essential tool for anyone in Sales & Marketing. Watch educational video at www.sendoutcards.com/pcguru
...life is what you make it homie...
it grows on you - took me 2.5 years but i actually like a few songs now.
Is it your phone vibrating or mine?
Tell people your middle finger hitting the bottom of your hand is what makes the snapping noise if you encounter an awkward silence today.
@ the house coolin
He loves Australia
Yes, I know. Hence the update at the bottom and the edited headline.
i want to know what's going in that pretty little head of yours where everyday's a bone place ballet
We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will #quote Chuck Palahniuk
Ha! Romney said, "Cuba is bad because they're Communist." Let's hope China doesn't get angry and then sell us to Vietnam.
just literally lol'd at you 'learned to drive' quip!
Tennessee Williams also would have been 100. Reagan was interesting but I'm glad Williams was part of my world.
National Public Housing Museum will tell fantastically American stories.
RT : We're aware people are experiencing some difficulties w/ Gmail, we're working to fix it ASAP. IMAP & HTML view are workarounds.
I got codeine in my cup you can bet your ass I'm sipping
I'll be able to hear it from my room, I'm sure...so I could just stay here.
She hates no one, but if two ppl are in love, they BETTER be a man and a woman because HER "god says so". Sickening
tat my name on you so i know it's real
Hemings family was the largest enslaved family at Monticello.
Why so? What's a chocolate faerie?
Hi Emily! - from through the wall!
obviously you do enough to RT & reply .
Ive accepted that the only thing that I'll accomplish today, is liver damage.
I know Barney was usually unemployed but wouldn't it be easier and cheaper if he bought his own box of cereal instead of stealing Fred's?
“: Don't tell your business, handle your business!”
Next on the , joins us for a preview of Fins Weekend and the team's offseason workouts.
Hope you are all enjoying this hot & beautiful weather!
FAME in San Jose is cracking as always. Community and youth is out here deep. Things look good for everyone :)
Overall this was one of 's best #SOTU Addresses. A definite A-. Solid content and humility but a bit to much saber rattling.
#wwe 12 kick ass and go play it woo woo woo
Maybe now we should look in to malaria or salmonella that seems to kill so many more then Swine Flue did in one day in the 3rd world??
can you help me get more followers...i follow back
glad you had a good time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Just changed my profile picture :-)
A glass-half-full response! :)
awesome article on teacher leaders.
does Leino have a chin like Leno?
Now some 2Pac "I get around" - bout to do work on the pitch today. I feel a Paul Scholes kinda day coming! Let's go!
There's no place like home...(laughing)
Thanks. My 19 year old daughter is the journalist and she's heartbroken. It's a hard business, but this was her 1st article.
It's safe to say that I'm going to look like hell at work today.
Sophie is going to the banquet.
Ay!!! S/O to Follow her ass! Her beats are dope.
Next, a shoutout to ! Thanks so much for following me! You were my 991th follower :) Thanks!
and his reply was... and your point i can tweet what i please .. lol Yes you can, and I can also block you. :)
plain wisdom
i'm a little behind. you're hiring again?
get home dammit
Been working on place, needs work but its all worth it. Feels cozy and cabin-like to me. <3
So, the #Redskins drafted Kirk Cousins to create unnecessary competition w/ RG3. That franchise just doesn't get it.
who can I come live with this summer
How's life? =) Good, we hope?
THIS WEEK WINNER!!! Congratulations to Jenna Tran from our Hercules office! She won a $25 gift card to the Gap store!
Just got home.
you spelled my name with one t
How does a head butt not warrant an in person hearing, yet Keith's check did? Not part of the game ever.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
I wish! I am wide awake.
I could only imagine...we are neighbors lol
-Started listening @ work. Great mix, we're diggin' it!
you're welcome :)
I'd be floored if Dietz isn't the Week 1 starter RT is there really anyone that seriously challenge him for the starting spot?
hahah thank you so much! yeah i was gonna say that sounds painful! =p
Time for presents! Wait...is this a birthday...or?
Motivos team is split tonight. 6 are enjoying the Phillies/Marlins game (Go Phils!) and 3 just landed in Chicago en route to Seattle.
Lights were off it would come out of my closet and go back and fourth from one side till I turned on the lights , glad its gone
Well you really suck
Wait, since when did rejoin the Twittersphere? Are cows flying? Planets exploding?? T-minus one week until NYC visit.
Full nite of guitar playing ahead of me..
Wow! Korean Zombie vs Poirier fight is crazy!
Scholarships at Purdue are reserved for basketball....
Chris Stires' REBEL NATION. Backlist due for new edition next year, so I'm looking for blurbs in my other incarnation. LOL
Thank you for sharing my gratitude! What a nice thing to do.
When life hands you lemons, add Vodka.
thats awesome!!!! well deserved. So what do they get?
Aw pretty pretty
please don't do it
ole fat ass go make your own sandwich
-- No, not since college, and I really needed the money
Hows the apartment hunting going? I have a ton of places in Boston if you're interested. Jason, Proper Realty Group 617-756-3029
Taking the Pueblo Bonito University course. I stayed at the Emerald Bay/Mazatlan property. They are the only A 4 Diamond property in MZT.
Tonight's Special:Honey Brined Pork Chops w/ Dijon Mustard Sauce, Mashers, and Asparagus. Secret Special:$2 Red Stripes until they're gone!
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. ~H.A.
that would be kind of cool. RT : #goldrush HEY HOFFMAN CREW, hire Parker next year!!!!
All Night Happy Hour starts at 4:00pm. Be there or be square....
Do you realize that the clicks and grunts you consider a coherent sentence only makes sense to you?
hey I'm following you but you not following me :(
What's happening tonight? Star gazing family day , 12-5, Planetarium presentation and lots of amazing stars.
So I'm on a delayed train and my ass has to be at work in 3 hours. FML
I was the same way and haven't changed a bit lol
MILW FIGHT FANS: Tune into 102.9 FM The HOG at 8:45 am Monday morning for a major 2009 WI State Fair main stage entertainment announcement.
And then there was that one time that I woke up in a fit of panic at 3:20am and realized that getting back to sleep is going to suck.
Happy Tuesday everyone. :)
I mean, did ANYONE hate meatloaf? It was like some sort of weird media conspiracy.
well done mate, once more..
Quit screwing around and start following
We'll take a look. Shoot us an email with an example URL.
how many more followers until 400?? :) Xx
Glad you are safe....Guys like that just need to be eliminated.
Treat everyone with politeness, even those who are rude to u. Not because they aren't nice, but because u are nice. Dont try to b who ur not
In studio working..
Greek festival timee!!!!
is one of the most prettiest REAL girl on twitter
Please email us at to tell us more about what happened.
Right. <eyeroll > In other news (& reading your old tweets), San Fran in Oct. is beautiful. Jealous. Eat sushi and lots of it.
Watching previews Me: When does that come out ? : hold on let me rewind it ! Lmfao
Partnerships between Wikipedia & museums should be about mutual benefit - not bragging!
Oomf is real pretty
#KCED "the love affair with accountability is an addiction" -
Yay! Your response is pretty much the BEST valentine EVER! thank you Clay! My nephew loves to imitate your ground and pound lol
...and hope that people will think twice about going where, for 360 days out of the year, you are not welcomed.
lol have fun with that lol
Nietsche said many years ago: #Education is what you learn from school, from home & most importantly between school & home.
urban dictionary might be helpful.
Oh bummer.
once a month or so you should have been letting the batt. drop below 20% and then full recharging. This helps keep it working
Grateful! RT : Gorgeous, carefree LA morning. Can't help thinking there are so many places where today is not a good day.
. When you factor in methane released by fracking, natural gas may actually produce more greenhouse gas than coal.
- You are so loved and appreciated my dearest Shauntiel!
I'm interested in hearing more about the internships. Would you mind sending me more information? Feel free to DM me. Thanks!
Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result
with Busta Rhymes... I could see that.
To eat guac and chips at 4am or not eat guac and chips at 4am...THAT is the @$@%!$ question.
YOU ARE THE ULTIMATE WOMAN !!
SOURCE Spring Series starts TODAY - 5:00 - 6:30! Can't wait to see you there! xoxoxoxoxo
Why do hotel rooms always get so hot when you're trying to get ready
We are continuing shooting tonight, make sure to stay tuned! And check out our blog www.elephilms.tumblr.com for pictures from last night!
You guys are awesome, i wish you the best of luck possible at the auditions!
Very. And my friend got a jalapeno burger, which was even better.
Beautiful - that's how mercy saw me. Not what I was, but what I could be- that's how mercy saw me.
Thank u to all my new followers.
I did that shit like 4 years ago bro got bank
I'm very sorry, something is causing my twetter to go haywire.
Kei was great and he's scheduled for another reading. Hi back!
Yeah I thought you looked familiar :)
Sound so good!!!
how do you figure that out?
thank god.
won 15-0... I don't know whether or not to feel good or guilty
hell, through some sort of #vim wizardry I just managed to erase most of today's work and can't seem to get it back, this is frustrating
PROGRESS WAS MADE IN THE STUDIO AND I HAD AN AH HAH MOMENT OF CLARITY OF WHO I NEED N DON'T NEED IN MY LIFE.
Message to Daniel Guzman of Hammond Indiana from Mari I haven't heard from you in a while. Just wondering how you are doing. I know
I finally stopped procrastinating and have set up a meeting that will hopefully turn into a practicum in the fall...eek.
That's the plan....
Flu shot made me feel like shit. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089>
Girls don't like boys, girls like cars and money
Listening to music :)
GOD bless me in so many ways one thing I know he let me be with my Mother thank you Lord! I
Cameron has her 'Mary' hair back! Minus the DNA, of course.
Too many people at the gym today. Admire their spirit, but GET OFF MY TREADMILL! :) #They'llBeGoneByFebruary
Out shopping for #BlackFriday deals? Fuel up with some locally roasted #coffee. Our beans make great gifts, too!
shout out to our new followers #iSeeYou :)
Tomorrow's performances will take place in front of 2 #Lightscape planters: at State/Madison and State/Monroe.
What don't kill you make you STRONGER, stand a little TALLER!
haha! found you!
Struggle is a strong 3rd dimensional belief played out on this planet for lifetimes, but you aren't meant to struggle.
Yall hoes aint bout to bleach up my good denim.
<U+4EBA><U+751F><U+3001><U+4E00><U+671F><U+4E00><U+4F1A><U+3068><U+3044><U+3046><U+3058><U+3083><U+306A><U+3044><U+306E><U+3002><U+51FA><U+4F1A><U+3044><U+3092><U+5927><U+5207><U+306B><U+3057><U+3088><U+3046><U+3088><U+3002> Treasure every encounter with others because you never know if you'll meet a person just once in your lifetime.
ur so welcome!!
Ha I feel the same way about Chi, PHX and ATL
I just made an executive decision to not go to work today! Still in bed watching Big Texas marathon on my ipad!
time to go back to work...
Of Monsters and Men on Jimmy Fallon tonight! Hope I can stay up.
I miss my days in New York. Prep 4 Prep looks like a wonderful program. Would love to talk to you about my work.
you suck you know damm well that fight was paid for cause if it wasn't cotto would of whiped the ring with your ass!
can u follw me
The time will come when I'll be quiet drink hot tea in the kitchen, knowing that in my room, fast asleep, tired happiness.
How did Barney Frank get elected. He's being interviewed on CNN, right now, and his speaking is like nails on a chalkboard.
My stuff is in storage, so I can go anywhere, but I can't work from home.
Reality show in the works!
monetarily wise I wish I could but been here 10 years it's my home BUT you and you're wife should come up see me and stay for free
Looking forward to hearing what & have to say on ebooks
Despite how fashionable, I just can't fathom spending more than $50 on shorts. THEY ARE SHORTS!
You see things the way they are and ask why. I look at the way the world is and say, "fuck this stupid shit."
- I have a few more of these..
Wow, when was last time #DavisLoveIII led a tourney?
hey you!
probably just means food in baby text...
u in Seattle? Texted 2 people I thought were u already. Dm me your phone num
If you didnt receive our email about the fundraiser, send us a reply with your email, and we'll send it right out to you!
It's not Friday?
Watching #nysports tonight?! Order in from We #deliver! Try our ny style #pizza or #hale&hearty soups.
When I read "Motley Crue", I automatically read it in a British Accent... ._. c:
Super Baseball Simulator 1000 - 1990 Cincinnati Reds
Let us know if you give them a shot! :) RT: i would love to try those fudge dipped coconut bars
Exactly and misery loves company...some things should just be left at the discretion of God!
I'm a big fan of most genuine cat in the industry hands down
creating an account
Hanging with at LA live and I think he's finally converted to pull for wisconsin teams in NCAA tournament!
I thought the ET was a boy?
lol don't push me in thou lol
You've lived your entire life with ppl telling you that you're a 'fuck up'. And you fulfilled their prophecy. The good news is
my family used to live in illinois but they live in tenesse now
Muumuuu Publishing in NYC makes me want to lose 20 lbs, avoid sunlight for 6 months and live vicariously through an internet handle
#IbizaSaturdays 18+ FREE till 11! YOU ALSO RECEIVE FREE CUTLINE (on left of the club) w/ RSVP Text ClimaticNationDMV to 74455
Editor Harold Jaffe selected the winner(s) of the Blackness contest. We will announce the results next week once they are contacted.
Thoughts? That brew is amazing. I'm assuming that it's the 2011, yes?
its been to long and im lost with out you!! miss u granny!!
Name of spokesman at press conference?
that's correct!
There's a guy at work who basically said he finds me repulsive, and that's why we're not friends. It was one of the weirdest things ever.
You're very welcome. #FindSierraLamar ^v^
My roommate just asked me what "hakuna matata" is from -____-
i was jk i was drunk hahaha! Jk! Hell yes! Whole lotta chinagins going down!!!
good! How about yourself?
Time is really the only capital that any human being has and the thing that he can least afford to waste or lose. Thomas Edison
Tim only 13 yrs old he take forever to grow up lol he been 10 yrs old for like 500 yrs lol
tomorrow is my 17th Bday!! And I get a tweet please!?!?!?! I love you guys!
RT The Lakers need 2Call State Farm Tonight! Sh*t! We cld use the help!! Like a Good Neighbor! blink our ass out this Game! Lol
The awkward moment when you lean back to stretch and hit the girl behind you in the face with your calculator.
Guys are golddiggers too
I brought back some weasel (poop) coffee from Vietnam. Have you ever tried it? It's really flavorful.
Police cars remind me of you. I can't believe it's almost been a month. I love you, grandpa.
Too bad Memphis but should never have blown game 1 lead.
you're welcome. Glad to help out.
According to Baltimore bocce's official meteorologist (mike galvin) the rain will hold off till 7 50
Maybe a happy ending doesn’t include a guy; maybe it’s you, on your own, picking up the pieces and starting over.
I would love this to be one of the mandated topics of discussion b/c we truly are the face (reflection) of the school
New twitter name
I need the Rams to put up some points!
Okay; I'm up to date now. Whew.
Heres a tweet for all you twitter creeps who send me creepy porn links. #KnockItOff please stop.
my flight just got cancelled
So this looks like what all of my night is gonna consist of stayin in my car on twiitter better yet in VU ..-__- oh what a feelin
Woaahhhhh(; #bracesfree look at those perfect teeth :)
beer in cans would be even better for camping.
just asked for a Yellow Sobe to go. She was not thrilled.
RT : so formal! You are a scholar and a gentleman! Thank you kind sir!
If you say Durant is better than Lebron , you know nothing about Basketball..
What is wrong with U ppl. IT IS NOT FREE, SOMEONE HAS TO PAY FOR IT. Can you open ur mouth w/o spinning what the truth is?
Come Celebrate Tax Day at our Karaoke Night. The drink special all day I the 1040EZ!!!!! Happy hour 4-7pm then karaoke starts at 7pm!!!
AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!!!
because you are so old?
No homework :D n no school next Monday because it's labor day so yeah :P
best place for Buffalo Wings!
he's furious. Seriously.
10/19/1965: Irena Sendler honored as Righteous Among the Nations for her work in smuggling Jews out of the Warsaw ghetto
Did he bring any nurses home with him, LOL?
At in North Plano with the Birthday bash deals and tickets with Plus we have free
Follow me dammit!
Kiss open my eyes of awareness, one at a time, from the palm of my hand to the center of my inner elbow
If you don't love Sundays you're doing something wrong.
Text me though somebody.
good morning Kansas city! how are you?
#Investing in tax-efficient, individual brokerage firms can help minimize your tax bill.
Going to the store with my baby and his family ;)
Our jobs are for the people here. They have their own country, go sell drugs south of the border.
And, not to shill for the boss or nothing, but you could say the same of The Bridge, which came out several years ago now.
bitch shut the fuck up! how the fuck are you ghetto with a hiccup ???! you a stupid ass bitch and i hope you choke on yo spit.. but dont die
do we have licenses??
RT : "The best success is usually the one you risk the most to achieve." Unknown
My life is fucked up... I need an angel to talk to
"Son you are a slick operator" (referring to me snagging her number).
The people who you thought would never let you down are the ones who do it the most...
#Ireallywant to go to lunch right meoww
so you want me to call you????
Can’t wait for the #BreakfastofChamps to start on the Hill! The crowd is excited to hear from emcee !
Loved the Ted Talk. I went to Grad School to figure all that out. Good for you for getting it on your own!
Shop Local this Valentine's Day! and are some great options for those of you in the #portland area.
I need a hard sex
wow ..... that was deep
SMH...THESE PPL SAD...
Watching the Redbirds tear it up.
good stuff folks!
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning to DANCE IN THE RAIN,<3
Yes they are. I finally think mine are safe with key masterlocks and a livewire (hav-a-hart electric fence) along the back.
well hello, stranger! Welcome to Twitter ..
Must be the first time my desktop has really been clear for a while... just noticed my bkgd pic is still a calendar of Sept.
ya i and i need you for my video too. not ... fuck you guys
I can't wait to have my book release party. It's go be fun.
thats the game the fans want to see in Feb 2013 my friend...
what happened?!
a baseball sounds great! Hopefully your team wins!
just outside my house
hi! would u mind giving me a shout out? omg it would be acuatlly aamazing :) if not its ok .
So good to also see and back in the fall.
People with #diabetes are at a higher risk for glaucoma - exercising, eating right, and controlling your diabetes can save your sight!
we tryna get it jumpin hit my phone
Gringrich paraphrases Santorum and says that in Obama's administration 'as long as you're America's enemy you're safe.'
Naaa - not all immigrants speak Spanish!
And they've been that price for a little while, I've been stalking. GAH airline prices make me batty.
Green Bay Packers
Shower time my nigg.
Stanley becomes the third player from Pierce County in Washington State to win on the PGA Tour. - Ken Still 3 times. Puyallup’s Ryan 1 time.
Don't let them trick you into taking off your pants. That's where it all goes wrong.
Just finished being on a panel for GhettoRise. Thank you Victoria for the ongoing invitation. US Stream TV Cynthia Harris
thanks for the #ff!
I tried to find them to use in cookies, but I couldn't :( had to use double stuffed instead.
Cheers to the UW Grads! Way to go!!!
give me that follow back
Its alright we'll get em' tomorrow! <U+E14C><U+E404>
My Internet Talk show every Tuesday 10-11amPCT. Tuesday's topic Sept.27th "SEX: Weapon of Mass Destruction" www.Drrosie.com, live button.
SOX: Another great game from the #RedSox in support of Felix Doubront (6 IP, 3 H, ER). Second straight win over #Indians by 4-1 score.
#ThanksForNothing Sister wives....you're just weird
That said, there's no doubt that I feel different after three days of this, science or no. For good or ill, who knows?
Such great performance art! #clubs distastefully fascinating!
Let's face it.The only thing that really ties us all together-in the end-is Cher.
yea wen is it?
All religions are cults. But LDS is cookie. They wear magic undies.
i hope your enjoying your time in Europe! :-D
If you can't respect my grind then keep it pushing !
Colorado is too good
#tnla12 Use mainstream tools that non-library degree holders can use
tbh :You &Ana Look Just Alike
hearing killing it out there....almost time RIO....i got a big surprise tonight.
": #literallytwogoodplayers" and one of them is broken.
that's what espnews old me. You are a feisty bears fan #toughcrowd #Cowboys #cowboys>bears :)
Biggest problem I see in books & stories: nobody to root for. There has to be at least one sympathetic character.
Congratulations, my friend. I am not at all jealous. Not. At. ALL.
you can still support on the digital end :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY LOVE!!! I hope you have a fantastic day!!! <3 You are amazing!!
As of 5 pm MPD say they've made 282 arrests... most were cite and release... most were for trespassing, underage, or open intox
You don't want it in Madden 12 !!! Dreams money can buy that video is a classic Perfect way to do it better then Drizzy shit . Love
thinking about how the effff im paying for college is probably the most stressful thing going on in my life right now
THX for mention! (cont)
She needs more beers! :)
Everytime you think your having the worst day...always remember someone else elsewhere is having 1 worse...
Honestly, I'm not trolling. Previously, you said wasn't including teachers. Now…he's saying good stuff. Confused.
And news was invented by the TV! They NEVER had news on the radio... o.O
": If you focus too much on your problems, you won't get to enjoy the good things in life."
Little Brother skit, "I'm your worst f*€king nightmare." Funny Eli, really f'in funny.
guess what?! it's the
The One Stop Shop For all Independent Artists! MusicalStop.com!!
I get that the post-apocalyptic trend is hot, but can we get beyond the agrarian anti-technology turn? Looking at you, Revolution.
not when you live in New York.
#Obama kills #Terrorist around the world and #Romney kills #Americanfamilies and
Trying for the first time. I love how many new food places there are in #FoBo now.
“When you know better you do better.”
Thanks Drew! Wish we were seeing you guys! Loved the Christmas card, it's on our fridge!
Creative airline revenue: your ticket purchase pays for your butt in seat but now it costs extra if you have legs
Afraid so. im scared. these r compressing spinal cord. cant even lift 20oz coke. on oxys and fetanayl patch. im ok
hello leiana and friends happy wednesday
Somewhere Over the Rainbow/Simple Gifts (Piano/Cello Cover) - The Piano ...: via
McFarland Heating & Air-conditioning Services Boston, Suburbs.
How do I get a big, glass lamp from PA to CA without it breaking or without spending a fortune?
1st attempt at woodneck pourover coffee at home was a little strong, but well-tasty. Orbited around the apartment for much of the afternoon.
Is it Friday yet? Can't wait to party this weekend with and Gunna miss you two
haha really cute ;)) thanks :))
dang u should've came && got me...
I'm now craving Subway. And will fight anyone who gets in my way.
girls who smoke cigarettes ewww, yuk that's gross
wants to get crushed RT boy1020 she really want it
Friday the 13th
What the FUCK is up with this weather? Sincerely, girl who is afraid of thunderstorms
congratulations to both Madeline and Duane! and cetaphil! everybody wins
Tears can mean not only sadness but happiness too.
Thank God for hometowns, first kisses and touchdowns. Thank God for the county lines that welcome you back in, when you were dyin to get out
R Kelly indeed wrote that song...and wrote half of the Sparkle music...
are you working on more music now?(:
but will they jump just for curiosity's sake?
Please follow and DM us your account info and we will have support review your server.^CS
Now entering Rankin county
(cont) there is a lot of speculation going around that it is a fake motorcycle club made for tv.
#Known fact ..skinny Females know how to work it inda bed
hi austin please please follow me
well hope one day we bump into each other so i can say hi instead of just starrin lol
In fact, ratings R typically used when better metrics are not available, which is still the case in healthcare.
upload your website logo for free on http:// tomorrowbook.com so its included in the search results
You're worse with the politics than I thought. P.S. Nugent called and said, "at least I have a twitter avatar."
“: People will laugh at your dreams then hate you when you make then come true.”
I just met a guy wearing a Darvin Ham jersey. He's now my best friend.
Really? Most people just have turkey... RT oregon for thanksgiving? i really hope so!
Hope the rain goes away. You and sound good!
i am bored somebody
WTF? You're still a casual dining restaurant, yes? RT What’s the most extreme thing you’ve ever done for a rush of adrenaline?
angel.co > Email Preferences > Send me weekly summaries of ... my activity > Instantly || Daily || Weekly -- So is it weekly?..
Juan checks people in? I just see him talk to the women at the front.
.Email address?
Happy New Year!!
If that's true, he must be one sick bastard.
duh nigga. Can't wait til school start back we matching everyday.
Next step, discover whether can the business you start make money (demand) and be profitable (net)...
The header ad for my gmail junk folder today was a link to a recipe for Spam quiche.
had fun a busch gardens with :)
avoiding lakers or thunder is meaningless?
I'M SICK OF THAT TMOBILE COMMERCIAL!!!!!!!!!!
just saw this, glad you like it!
Breakfast meeting with ABQ Board at LePeep.
JT keep up good work
omg i really worry about russell.
take comfort in the fact most will end in a nasty fashion.
I am regretting it this morning, though.
You were in my dream last night. We were married, with a dog and a yard. What are you doing in my subconscious.
...YUM!! little big shrooms!
:/ uggh this sucks!
Better be. Your punishment is hugs !:3
My mother today about everyone being sick/dying: "When it rains, it pours." Because that was an appropriate time to use that line.
thank you both for your support of the Heroes breakfast!
RT : SMC stands for ethical behavior in people who belong in our community. When someone does something to harm us, we...
I'm here on my iPhone, son is on leap pad, daughter on iPad. Great "family time" :/
Dealing with movers and landlords and other suspicious characters
Anyone well versed in FBML who can help us out? Looking for a volunteer to help out with our FB site.
my heart's been troubled by the speed of love
It sure is. But not only do I read, I also design books, develop plots with authors in various meetings, and publish books!
I like to think of myself as talented and out and my friends would call me loud... Xx
If you're new to online business and don't know where to start or what direction to take next, you may find the answers in a business hub.
sparring videos are up...Like White Tiger Sparring_1 Dec 11_1.wmv
Thanks for the mention!
Thank you. I am following you, also.
"If people like you they'll listen to you, but if they trust you they'll do business with you"
Anyone else get depressed when watching commercials for depression? I mean with all those side effects and such. Gosh..
#InMiddleSchool I dated girls for fun I was so immature back then
well while we talkin we mine as well be talkin right? how you been
Why do women clothing stores sound like a party wheb walking by in the mall?
:) glad to hear it!!
naw im more of a visual hands on person <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Just remembered how superior IMAP is over POP #APPLEMAIL/GMAILWIN
we must begin the NYT Discount campaign NOW
LOVE all the tips, especially number 7! ;)
I can't wait until "a beggar's plea" is released and I can't stop listening to "the art of madness"
oh look.. it's Fez... or Handy Manny!
do your legs hurt from running through my dreams?
why is it confusing? Haha
Congrats!! That's awesome!
Rain falls on everyone/The same old rain.
I don't think I have an argument so much as Hey! Look what I found out!
15' diameter aluminum framework wrapped and finished with sewn poly nylon for the Children's Museum of GB!
Excellent. Where's my discount?
Get it in the drink not in your eye, use a SquE-Z!
#MoneyTeam i got ten phantoms outside
No prob, others may get into the conversation - win win.
I was 2 days late & those assholes upped my interest to 25.99% they said new law doesn't apply to business credit cards, they're all crooks!
if bailey wasn't in RNG would you really like them you fake hoarrrrr
seriously though, when are we getting married?
wat about the regular tickets then?
Does the stadium gun read true in LEX, or is it +/- a couple of MPH? Where has Tropeano been sitting generally w/the FB? Thanks!
Goodnight plasma Steve
Photography to inspire
RT The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what the man or woman is able to do that counts.
lacrosse cleats..
you ain't following me either
Oh! and just a friendly reminder about their upcoming contest yeah
keeping fingers crossed!
it'll take probably 24 hours to get the online guide fully reset
wierdly impressed w all the ppl smokingwhilst biking.riding ny traffic isnt enough of a difficulty,take the hard core smoky lung challenge!
Its..... Friday! (well at least it is in the NYC office) any plans for the weekend?
#IntheMorningIMust Have a fancy high-end massage. I’ve just been missing it for many many mornings.
yea I'll be in trouble with this one let alone a r1. This has plenty of power lol
tell him i said 'do it!' if i were there, id be so annoying rt now! have fun!
Driving in gresham still presents patches of ice
3 home runs tonight! Pujols rules. Unbelievable! #WorldSeries. What a game!
Happy Mother's Day to one and all of the mothers out there!!
Welcome back, Amy Murakami!
Actually, I'm in Durham. Meeting with a Chapel Hill gallery tomorrow. I'm all over the place! :)
Col is a friggin genieus.. the man has had titanium comic balls for 20 years
Wish some bitches would come to.neubig already.
First Noise Pop highlight of the week, missing shoes or not: Just incredible.
In Music Meeting Courteeners “You Over Did It Doll ” Tom and I liked, brought it in, did just ok overall
A neutron walks into a bar and asks, how much for a drink? Bartender says, for you? No charge.
Don't make me go another day without you... just call or text me do something!
Russ well it's just hard to tweet when my nails are wet :p
At the Doctor's office about to get my bandages and cast off! Its been a long 6 days with this thing on... I am so ready for this.
I always cry a little when chris gets shot in stomp the yard
We are both always up late. Wish my reasons for doing so were nearly as fun as yours, though.
Excellent clarification point!
we had a wikipedia reference and we went to correct/edit the info and they deleted everything, including the original! dicks...
Happy birthday Steve Jobs! You have changed the world and how we communicate soo much
Jus...so...dumb
Up and ready to #digdeep #INSANITY let's get it
Did you hear that Roche pulled the plug on its phase I CV drug dalcetrapib over the weekend? Not enough efficacy, evidently.
Happy Sunday! We hope everyone is enjoying their weekend!
I'll Have Another wins the KY Derby
New Years day is always a pretty boring day lol.
I wish bae was home, I could use one of his back massages right about now :(
#HappyFriday! How's everyone celebrating this gorgeous day?!
That's my jam! “: current status: singing a "paradise city" parody to ”
I may not agree with all the policies Obama implements .. But I damn sure ain't votin for Mitt Romney!! Vote 4 Obama again yall
Curious to know which line is longer this morning: In and Out Burger or the line at the AAC for #Mavs tickets?!?!
really like your site and your philosophy. How long have you been in France?
RT To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funnybone
hopes to hear details today.
What kinds should I be careful with?
good luck today Matt!!
Yall should obv post a lair pic at some point
#HARLEM rite now is so live erbodyy outsidee having a good time enjoying the weather im bout to go blow down with my homies
i once promised a judge in Douglas County i would violate no laws in the state of NV...so don't do anything I wouldn't do?
running later today w/ - wonder who we will meet today!!??
I'm taking a time management course. The 1sr thing he says, "Block off 6 hrs of uninterrupted time." Um, I'll try.
Grant, one of our digital strategists, is off to Austin for the May 10 #WordofMouth conference. Follow him for insights!
hey girl! Call me.
Happy St Pattys Day from the O'Bradys
Will be sampling the latest version of Follett Destiny later. Will try out their new mobile app. Kewl!
haha alright. We will see on Friday
Newt said he was a fan of FDR, he was a progressive, and that Wilson's speeches still work... HOW IS THAT CONSERVATIVE?!
Happy to feel the right side of my face again...Novocain wore off.
glad you made it through. Couldn't believe the harsh words/mean tone used by your "old friend". Nasty.
you in the bay fam.
Dumbing it down nowadays Grandparnets are 30 something and Parents are teenagers. Kids sings Lil Wayne songs and can't identify the number 3
is at Pappasito's drinking Marky Marks with girl Roby De
didn't realize you were in town?
Let me do me
One of my BEST friends is coming back to school tomorrow, thats the ONLY thing i'm looking forward to
That next hire is going to be tricky... teenager or senior citizen???
Nervous yet, ? Go big ten. :)
What cool stuff are you working on in May?
Morning people!! :)
She In School Tuesday Through Friday But Friday Night Thats His Day <3
I'm sure you need a few <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA> after that L
#laughs sorry and my bad mean the same thing , unless said at a funeral ...
Oh fried catfish, white beans, hushpuppies, and cornbread...why am I so addicted to you??
Yes!! Why is no one mentioning #PinkSlipRick for VP?
excellent. I hope you're okay with Polygamy.
Your life would improve dramatically, trust me RT : may be the last shift ever at the telefund for and me
Justin Didn't Say Thank You To His Beliebers :O
If only TV sets had unique numbers or something so individualized messages could be sent to end customers...
yes! so proud of you lol
Thank you so much for mentioning us in your article! It was wonderful!
Mayor says he cannot wait for someone to die in the camp---says he has to do something now.
Teacher: Didn't you hear me call you?Pupil: But you said not to answer you back!
Wish I could go to exxxotica this weekend. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
RT : The upstairs is looking awesome, go check it out. <Thanks!
You should do it with me!!!
If that is Favre's last game playing football... will his legacy be darkened because of that one play ?
www.itsniceoutside.com is my new favorite blog
yes I remember! And we got cought too lmao ! Days when we had no worries haha
Tell your friends/family u r on the #jobhunt – you will get a lot of leads starting with your immediate #network. via
I was running late today too, so of course there was a sick passenger at Dupont to add to my delay.
I'm going!! Two weeks ago they did a promotion and tickets were only $4.13
Go 'head then!
What's this The Last of Us game?! Did you know about it? It's like it was created for you to play! I may need to buy a PS3 now!
not excluding the possibility that an answer in the affirmative only gives more reason to accept disorientation.
Soo I have a big issue wit #oomf and she hmu talkn bout wanna go to da mall after I been going hard on her. Idk if I'm off her yet thoo
We screened it here at WashU.
seems like the internet connection is better today at the #smss. yay!
#SocialMedia workflow: ID content. ID workflow. ID resources. Package. Approve. Distribute. Monitor.
FLEET DJs follow them
The test of literature is, I suppose, whether we ourselves live more intensely for the reading of it
I'm going to cut u
@ @ totally agree on life savers though scared not enuf invested in brand recently
#YouGottaBeKiddingIf I give up my #Android for
I think #edtech apps need to focus on helping teachers do what they do best: teaching - NOT managing!
Thanks for the retweet, Brooke! Have a great weekend.
Anyone going to "Mole to Die for" in San Francisco tonight?
Not stopping til my chest looks like Arnold's in Commando.
Why did I tell my editor I would be finished by Monday? And where can I buy a vuvazela?
Miami Heat looking real good even though Wade was out. Goin all the way
nicely done! Thanks for catching the good times!
how are ya sis
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way
I don't get the point of hickeys. They hurt, and aren't too attractive.
trying to hold on to the last days of march. april is coming too soon
oh ok then thxx for the warning.. but yea i like some british people i think thts wat i meant to say :) ur in england?
Standardized Tests & quarterly profits = short term thinking- the societal disease of our time.
yeah..gotta sell tickets
nah thats ma name ma cock is normal but i like to fuk
BRAZI!! “: People are terrified at the idea of me being a doctor. #TFM”
Probably one of the worst saturday nights I have had in a while...
so cute
i'm dolo bro...
Oh no! Hope everything is okay! :/
I thought I was a baller? ;) RT : is a pimp
Grateful to have had a great mothers day!
Only person who feels worse than Aron Winter about that 3-0 Toronto FC loss is Bruce Arena.
Omg -- walkover???
me too!
For full, luscious lips, though, peanut allergies are cheaper than collagen.
You know you're a photographer when you critique every FB profile or timeline picture.
Absolutely essential to take a day off from time to time.
congrats on making the dj mag top 100!!!
that's the best way to be.. Fukin 4 free just get you old quick and back pains.I know! I see em all the time round here
Happy mothers day!
Failed that math test for sure.
Share May B with students to fill this niche
So back he goes. The plan was to put him back for elementary anyway, so doing kinder someplace else doesn't make sense.
Amazing how one person can ruin my whole day.
I'll come say hi.
Spotted at tonight: Emily, Courtney's enemy from #thebachelor. Asked her if she was sad when she left, she said "God no!"
you're the best!!! concert here we come!!
I think you guys should pick me up in Florida and take me on the sanctuary tour with you guys. (;
Hope you understand my love letter to my unborn child
You're kinda being a slut.
Need a New Bio
Why? RT : question everything.
lol yes i am. and yes my mom and my grandma LOVE to drink tea, it weird.
No Chicago baseball today--both Cubs and Sox off. :(
Category 15 winner are Regress a Clases and PUNCH Films
I'm glad this week has cme to a end
Feeling surprisingly chipper for a Monday morning after three days in Vegas. I must be growing up.
Pasta is pasta! & there was no expiration date ;)
Thanks! : Thx for follow! I read #9news.com everyday!!
Morning twitfam it promises 2 be a glorious day here in the A, hope it's just as nice where u are. Make it a truly blessed day!
or some of "grandpaws cough syrup" HOLY WHISKEY!!!
follow me?
Guys FINALLY followed me. I feel like my life has been given new meaning.
I did it a few years back. It's a fun event.
They should just leave Grace Kelly alone. so unique.
- I'm the black one.
u think they keep 6 WR's if Driver restructures?
Great. The score board blanked out so now the game is delayed. Do they NOT know its past 11pm? :/
on the bus on my way home from second college at 6. Thst means i've been working for 12.5 hours today.
Aha , my song !
You don't marry someone you can live with, you marry the person who you cannot live without.
How was your Earth Day, #SanDiego?
AWWWE Shes so CUTE(: Happy Birthday to her(:
WILL DO
he's playing the bongos. singing three little birds. it;s possible that there will be Marley beads involved.
Yup! I'm on one!
Those nights where you're like "screw it" and eat the whole kitchen.
Maybe you should try rubbing one out:) It always works for me.
Chinese fortune cookie, not "in bed" rather "in the cloud".
Listening to Grateful Dead in the home office in anticipation of college roommates arriving later tonight.
Grandma Peepee? Is this for real?
how about now?
i'm getting "Sorry, u cannot provide feedback until after the delivery has occurred" even tho our food is here! FYI, love you guys!
Finally saw Act of Valor. Very very good movie. Makes you really appreciate those who fight for our country.
Revelers from White Linen Night whose outfits are stained from that night are encouraged to wear those soiled outfits to Dirty Linen...
Wasn't it at Portland last year when the old wives tales started that Collin and Cesar drank beer during a stoppage in play?
RIP Vidal Sassoon
I have major problems with it being run by straight white cis guys and all the ensuing bigotry, but they aren't terrorists.
From today's #fcvw - "Dead trees = outdated practices." Think that only applies to education and not to records?
Asked my DH please choose Danny on ur ballot. He asked Why? I silently prayed "Get Jesus back in the schools" Said he's a friend
It's Wine down Wednesday ALL day! 50% all bottles of wine under $99 w purchase of an entree!
Omw to this job fair at acs
#ReasonsWhyTheCrimeRateGoUp because there's more doughnuts in the world then people and a brotha has to eat
It's Pub Radio Music Month.Shout out to FF
Listening to Laura Zeilinger fro talking about federal plans to #endhomelessness. All about #affordablehousing!
Super wonderful INSTANT support - very, very impressed!
On tumblr. Quite often actually.
A soppy tweet makes me wanna kick someone in the clit. You're responsible for youre own happiness, or lack of. Time to take responsibility
Can't understand the race to the bottom. Profit is a good thing.
Happy New Years (2011) everybody.
Personally and professionally, ask the next question. You'll build stronger relationships and codify better ideas.
damn what is with u and spiders? Lol
omg u can read can u read?? lol i cant
#myworstfearis i am going to lose my best friends
Head over to www.crowdclick.com for the Brick 3 Pizza deal - 50% off!!
"I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and Fries." - Stephen King
It's earth week, and as city council prepares to hear all about a bag ban, students are making comments. #firstgraders #recycle!
Ready for some family BBQ time!
Cyborgs rule, luddites drool. Hint: yr cyborg if yr reading this.
dont u love when random assholes call you a white bitch?
Maybach Limo Services coming soon, stay tuned.
The moment when you realize your coffee is too cold to drink....
listening to music ! (: #LoveHer and she's gorgeous ;O
scared of my future im destined for great a nation of miinds the glory is placed now throw your L's as we awake -
Home from louisville so exhausted
Some nights a brother's gotta rock some Depeche Mode.
Her writing focuses on providing tips and useful information on the importance of living a healthy lifestyle
Bring on the Dragon ...
Going to the movies for my two loves...Jess and Lincoln!
Capped off the weekend with the best play Ive seen in a long time. See Good People Westwood. You won't regret it!
Lol I was sleeping on ab-soul for too long.. Definitely one of my favorites!
Thanks for being a Purveyor at our upcoming event on April 2nd! We followed you!
why does my friend hav cute gay friends. and they smart...son of a
I see some the people you have to deal with on here, but I for one always look forward to your insight. Thanks again
#Shoutout to :D
he should've backed off one more time. Poor approach into the 18 green at best.
John Stanley narrates much of his bio-doc I WAS A TV HORROR HOST from inside the Castro Theater. It should be used as a location more often.
The owls are not what they seem.
so its 5am and i woke up just to tweet you
KL Girl? Hopes this is good...
Have you ever wanted to vote in the Oscars? NOW YOU CAN. Virtually. ow.ly/9aUXT
Big win in the civil war!!! #goducks #
My sports club summer season officially starts today! Going to the social to meet my fellow teammates later tonight, that's exciting!
The happiest people in this world are those who have the most interesting thoughts. - William Lyon Phelps
Sleepy time for my little bear
“: The school of business looking even nicer than the school of architecture. #TFM”
Dang wish you could do it with me! 6 a.m. class here I come haha
Waking up to an empty house <
After being behind 6 people ordering sugary frappe drinks, I wonder if I'm the only person left who orders coffee at a coffee shop.
RT : On my way to NYC to visit & Any favorite hidden finds I should visit is on my list
Ready for the parties andd after prom parties #partymood ^.*
Friday - 4/15/2011- Recessionista Friday @ 5:00PM Happy Hour with live music from Abbie Maxwell Trio and Free Taco Bar
Cheese! Or butternut squash. RT : Which do you prefer: Meat filled Ravioli, cheese filled or other?
Go digital on those flashcards and that joke will totally be no joke. JK! Or are we?
Gays guys gals my B-DAY is on december 16 so 14 days left yay <U+263A> u now what will make my day is if selena gomez followes me on my B-day <U+2665>
I'm pretty sure I can hear the #roaddron singing "When the Wiz go Marching in" on KSMO.
Follow and check out www.darksideparanormal.com. Then hide. Again.
Thank you for the +K! Really appreciate it.
not sure. I guess it. Was suicide. Very sad. Great guy.
“: ok so yu finna be in dallas?”yep
Can't wait 2 find out where my #Internship is going to end up being =^-..-^=
NATO Summit practice .... reassuring isn't it ? (sarcasm here) ;-)
but how do we keep the government out?
speaking of sushi (not really) so when?
Just started using for a client. It was easy to set up. Getting collaborators to work on it virtually is a snap with OnStage.
damn right!
#NiallNeedsSexualHealing I VOLUNTEER.
The "sector d" portion of episode 179 of the overthinking it podcast is harshing my mellow. My mellow was pretty harsh to begin with.
WVU 73 - Kentucky 66; going to the final 4 for the first time in 51 years; LET'S GO MOUNTAINEERS!
RT : " #Life is not about finding our limitations, it's about finding our infinity." Herbie Hancock
RT : Really wish we had Stanton Social here in DC, my decision would be so easy :/
is giving out huge discounts on all of our services! Be sure to contact us and don't miss out on these great deals! 858-736-9151
Slide to wear??
we all put it in the a-yerrrrrrrrr.....and you know this man
See you guys tomorrow at 7:30!
i got u already did
Lol. You and your friends offer to murder me, and you're going to complain?
hey guys, plz follow u will get lots of updates on everything possible just ask! xx lol xx babe
"when in doubt, knock 'em out"
Poor Mouse had crystals. So new agey of her.
Chris Pirie of Microsoft & ASTD Chair talking on interface IT & Lrning. WOW! As educators world being upended.
Morning! Wishing all a blessed week filled with progression in all aspects!
iight hit me up when you get done
A big congrats to for finding the gift card! Enjoy your delicious meal, Emily!
SO F-N TRUE.
life goes on.
When says I'm amazingly hot & sexy >>>
I loved the "Adios Amigos" LOL
RT : Congrats you won a swag bag!
I figured that would happened because it always does happened, when it goes bad.
Stunning selection! First place is truly amazing.
Tweeting - is that actually doing work?
Stay young by playing a childhood recess fave and enjoying cafeteria fave tarot tots Register today! Kickball.com
I would have been good with just butter too. M butter.
Something in his deep brown eyes has me sayin' he's not all bad like his reputation <U+E03E><U+E326><U+E327>
"Tomorrow is not promised, yesterday is gone, and today is here. Never make the same mistakes twice"
Those burrs appear to now be available on the Baratza website. Am awfully tempted...
This is a great idea. :) I use treadmill time for the same thing.
but im not going to..
#SO to College being the only library open late on Saturday. Also, #ASO to being surrounded by obnoxious, loud morons.
Tune in right now for a beautiful piece composed by our guest !
Who will win the NNS race today??
Yes, but reservations may be tight. We'd give them an advance call: (973) 297-5875
Taurus is yummy! ^_^ Leo is sexy and Aries are animals...Scorpio are sex addicts and libras...well we know how to blow ur mind ;)
#MMWordAssociation Alliteration Domination
Headshots are done and I'll be sending my top picks to my prospective agent.
totally agree...
Dripping sweat
So much to do :/ , way to stressed out
I'm channeling my inner Laura Ingalls Wilder today and wearing my new prairie dress. Ain't nothing gonna slow this #saturdaylibrarian down
if you want a pixel perfect design with dynamic content in every possible browser/device - look into print, the web is not for you
there is some exciting developments coming soon!
LETS GO CARDINALS!!!
5 people were picked for the MTV superfan interviews tomorrow. im one of them & i know another 2 girls from FB who got it also(cont)
I want neither okc or lal to win. rooting for a meteor or something. :-)
It's piss.. Well i was going to say alcohol But piss just sounds a lot better
Confession # I have a pocketbook addiction
hey are you coming down to new York?
indeed it is.
#americanidol Idol contestants were all awesome. Wish everyone the best of luck.
I wasn't able to watch today but do they livestream every Sunday?
Send us links to your footage!! We want to know whose been getting down
Thank you for the mention #FF for cool zombie gear!
that was my list of "favorite books in 2011 not written by friends from Prague in the 90s"
Just smoked a blunt to the head. Can't sleep
So exhausted. I thought today was friday. So tired of deadlines. Work work work n more work.
... and you are a martyr to the swag on the corner?
That's a great story! Is Kaz supportive of being called "enhanced" now? ;)
She's presenting now @ the live studio ": Excited to possibly run into wil walking around "
hey i know you bout to go ham on the lunch mix!
there is a similar archive of photos at the Anaheim public library that's open to the public.
nah jus dey big as hell..
RT : You must live your life from beginning to end: No one else can do it for you. - Hopi proverb
So who is this norton guy Anderson cooper asking questions and he just being non chalant! Ugh
Hi ariana <3 u should really give me a henna tattoo:D then i can make it a real and get it tattoo'd on me<3 !
#harp applications growing. Eberly
#imsinglebecause relationships are so pointless at this age unless you really have found that girl who is worth it, I haven't
I wonder if you could use js to control an animated gif, the same way you use css to control sprites
Less than two weeks to go until #FPANorCal. It's sold out (like every year!) and features an awesome lineup.
Had so much fun at our divisional cookout last night at !!
A big Happy Birthday to the dude of dudes from all us at The Rub
In chicago? That will be pretty tough competing with belly. .
Yes, then again what's on the paper needs to make sense :)
is american sizes of clothing bigger or smaller than british?
Love is not measured by how many times you touch each other but by how many times you reach each other.
Saw that! They give u 2 pieces of bread and u have 2 walk around n take other people's meat and chz to finish it.
just watched from Croatia. Looked amazing...when are we going?? Want to see your mom again!
Time to catch some <U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C>!! Have to work again tonight! Everyone have an amazing day!! Blessed Be! Peace <U+E011>
Getting ready to head to the Microbrewer's Fest. It's like Christmas in July!
I know. Or Lambeau on a football Sunday w/75k trying to use their smartphones.
i know ugh. did you do anything fun?
She's fat though lol <3
We gon see about this playboy.
hey cant wait for new music from u enjoy ya music
Fresh ink smells hella inviting... (*POLARIS) soon...
Email address not attached 2 a simonthunder.net website tells u that u r not in contact w/Simon Thunder.Other sites r prone2imposters&hacks!
#ShoppingSmall El Charro is the place for me. Renee here, today is Small Biz Saturday. RT to tell me where you’re going to
after the game go off . ima watch teen nick . kmsl !
Omg RNG bbyz you better get out of the bottom
First day at a new job feels so much like the first day of school. New teacher, new classroom and new bullies.
you get the prize for most miles driven during spring break without being on break!
Balloon spiraling @ the museum 4/13 with Jonathan Wolfe! 10:30-5. All ages, meet the youngest solo balloonist ever!
11:11 wishes done come true I've wished the same wish for like 6 weeks &its yet to come true!
I like it. Nice and clean. And each event stands out.
We cannot believe it's almost December! What's everybody looking forward to towards the end of the year?
I need a bullhorn that plays "Move Bitch Get Out The Way" so freshman who stop to chat in the middle of the hall know what's up
Demons down 30-27 at the half. The refs suck!
Been dropping music nonstop
Breathe, get in the car, drive to my house.
Today is Ghostface Killah's birthday.
yep - or i'd like to see what my hometown suns could do with him after the miracles they worked w/ nash and hill
I don't care what any of you guys say. Cartersville runs Bartow.
Romantic Comedies not my genre but I'd say Knocked Up, Romancing the Stone, 40 year virgin
My question - what's so powerful about a power nap? A 15 minute nap is not so poweful... now 2 hours, that's a diff story!
Escape the Fate with >>> escape the fate with craig
If today had a face I would stab it's eye's
It was the prophet Petty who said "The waiting is the hardest part." RT : I would like it if it was. Getting weary waiting.
Really wish my granny had wifi
Happy Passover back at ya!
Ironically, Cozart & Votto are both on that fantasy team I just tweeted about, so those 2 runs are probably my fault.
that's so right!!! Downright repeatable!! Thx!
that commercial brought back a lot of memories...peanut buttery memories...m
Went to Boston night of worship tonight...such an incredible concert!
lol don't rush it don't rush it
Try balsamic vinegar & detergent in a jar. Stretch film with small holes in it. They go in, can't escape. Gd luck!
Love my morning runs, i always come back home feeling amazing. Thank you lord for my life. Now time to get ready for service..
Practice doesn't look likely tomorrow, between #springbreak & #gulfwars prep by regulars.
aw good molls
I just told that story last night... Bt snow storm and cages that story never disappoints..
Wow...looks like we need to do a #SXSW roadshow.....
Influence is not about what you get, it's about what you give. ~
Why am I doing this?
So great to see and this morning, great start to the day :)
word RT Z A3: I'm not clear how much of that is organic & how much is pure promotion.They're sometimes really inaccurate.
now waiting to hear Unberto Eco
Hey, thanks for that retweet! Hope you're having a wonderful Thursday!
When dogs lick me in the face <<
You're welcome. Thanks for noticing.
The KW & I just did a 2 hour bike ride out to Smith and Bybee lakes.
Good early morning. I didn't sleep very well last night. Idk why, oh well I'm up so I'm getting in the shower. Have a good day all!
Good to know. Now we can all follow each other.
Yep. Les was good, but Ian's Dedication is better. loved Les' vocals generally, but not on Dedication single.
what station did you create?
Kim Clijsters, who will become the top women's player in tennis next week, advanced to the final at the Paris Indoors on Saturday.
National Siblings Day!!! I have the best!
also iron works bbq, 1st and red river. very popular during sxsw and #sxswedu!
"I want babies...the clock's ticking!" - the 26 yr old #Bachelorette SAY WHA!?!? Maybe in your world honey...
lol ik. Its all good punk
RT : "All Superstars believe they are going to be successful" BillyCox
NOO your love
This week isn't going so bright as I was hoping it for it too. Let's just say, hurricane b*tch is here for me, and isn't having mercy.
ASO E-board apps due TONIGHT: email for an app if you're interested. Thanks to all those who have already applied!
I'm so excited!
Early Egyptians buried dead in sand pits where dry heat preserved the body. Embalmers developed their art thru experimentation.
May says take your meds, finish studying, but get some sleep...May says Good Luck too!
high af spit bar for the green pill mixtape commin soon WEZnTEZ
but to bad i gonna see this dream
It's 1:30am. Just finished working. Time for sleep. But I think I drank coffee too late as I'm still wired. Do I read or play MW3?
happy 4 meryl, but my fear is that Viola may not get another role. roles are scare for people of color, esp. women of color
"Perfection manifesting through the imperfect appears by very necessity to be imperfect itself." - Manly P Hall
u lose something everyday, all ur assessories need trackin devices
I see making a difference in the #Packers rotation this year.
OH MY GOSH WHAT A PIMP
Hey you guys! ..wanted to know if there's still an opportunity to get a photo pass for the Dallas show.
New Hampshire is nicknamed "The Granite State". Wonder if there's a grout state?
Cannot get "Now I See The Light" song from Tangled out of me head this morning. Do I want to? No.
That quote hung on my wall my freshman year. My roommate and I tended to disagree about lots of things, but I still love him!
ok i did lol
I Google your name and your FB picture is you white girl wasted in a zebra print shirt..? I'll make my own clip-ins, thanks. *embarrassing*
- You just have to pick three steps. It can be any 3 mentioned on the website.
Hanging with friends: my next iPhone addiction!
if that's the only stupid thing ur grading system (h8 that phrase) does, ur lucky. 3 clicks for "which semester". Spring, ffs
Thanks Laura! We hope you you can visit us soon! DM us when you do :)
Thank you! “: Thanks for the follow! I still remember how good you were in 's Genderf*ck Cabaret!”
Happy Birthday to my former boss,
Damn, never knew the directors cut of Friday was so different.
In a way. I expected a scene like that with another character--and Whedon came out and said it wasn't his idea. It was...
it meant so much to me &it won't upload I'm so upset I'm crying &no one is awake to upload it for me!
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas with family and friends...............Just wish someone else would shovel the snow.
GREAT! When do youth inthe video will be done. I'm excited
When a really attractive college guy drives you home from the rained out game...
James Jackson Jr. 2nite, I'm on piano rockin the soul! 7:30
Dear world of "following" me: My kyna email is in transition. If you're trying to send something use . NoSpamPls
Thank you all! We're still waiting to wake up from the dream.
It's a good thing that you can't smell my tweets.
I wish #theTodd know my clock code because he needs to check out Barry Larkin's hair.
oh my god the way austin dougies JDJ83YHHD!! he's too sexyy
Riot Nationz will be helped by dancers from Motion Mix Crew :)
last min pop-up at the echo park farmers market logan and sunset blvd now until 7ish
True story: I went to an Obama rally in 08. He spoke of fellowship, decency, coming together. We all cheered and smiled. Pt 1
Let's ban the word "guru" from the English language. Okay? Okay cool.
And correct their grammar.
just spilled coffee all over my favorite jeans
I know! Idk know when tho lol txt me
aw bummer you can't go! Ill try to do a play by play at the show hah
So someone tried to hack me? Oh, okay -_-
Gah. I [knew] it hurt pretty bad when that dog's teeth knocked into my hand. Have a painful swollen puff on on top. Phew, didn't break skin.
What if someone stole wallet
cause I had a nap or I'd be knocked out
Last #Computer Repair in #Pittsburgh, Compaq Presario Hard Drive Issue
A little guitar playing and now late afternoon/early evening run along the Charles.
Trying to plan an engagement party. Cost of getting cam wow photobooth and print them on koozies...$1800. Um, pass.
I'll check it out
we jam to music in the car
I hate how spiders just sit there on the walls and act like they pay rent.
#bbadam which vocal part are you technically?
This is more of my nerd account for computer stuff / bars / deals :)
i hate you lol
RT Yo. how many sales did u end up with today? >1
is glad to find out that Raptivity does integrate into Articulate nicely, even though it was causing massive problems for me the other day.
Stilllife Bro!!!! Wasted Wednesday!!!!!
I love the fight in my METSIES. Tough loss last night...carry on today...what a fun team to watch! <3 <3
Im Killing These Niggas, I Should Join The Klan Hey!! - Cyhi
#YouGottaTryBoston we are a great location very diverse and full of good food for season 10
“: I can feel my lungs collapse on me.”
Great, glad it arrived safely! Enjoy!
Why did you score Obama?
thanks! - lots of potential here for our podcasts and for world languages-
ACL fest line up to be announced in t-minus 45 mins on austin360.com
[Book 2/100] Journey Into Power by Byron Baptiste. SO much more than a description of yoga poses, it offered a fresh perspective.
I got ya bail money lol": I'm done y'all I don't wanna go to twitter jail lol"
sex is to simple to let it make negative life ripples i luv puss i luv nipples..
Then Braun tries on a bunch of suits. Hart and Weeks shake their heads disapprovingly at suit 1, shrug for suit 2 and LOVE suit 3.
It's weird but I like the smell of my shoes after they have been taken off.
love your voice!
using wrong platform, need a stellar partner
“: pink or red lips?” pink..but red would also look good on u! Lol :)
Words to live by: "I'm riding the rollcoaster & it hasn't killed me yet"
You don't work to hard!
We cut vacation 2 days bc of #Irene. Drove all night (no trains, planes or buses running) to get back to NYC. All prepped, but time to sleep
Every Saturday morning 8:00-10:00am "Friends of German Music" live from our studios in beautiful West Sacramento. Join us
<raising our hand> :-)
It's ok, been 50+ for days. I hiked 60+ miles in Jan. Hard to complain.
“: Jimmy Buffet will be playing a free concert at the Final Four in New Orleans”
The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart. <U+FFFD>Helen Keller
Yay I slept in! Happy Sunday!
What says sunshine better than a blended margarita? A strawberry blended margarita.
We could totally be down for reviewing the EP.
Eww the guy next to me farted -.-
ok peace tell them old ppl I said hello gn
Can't DM you if you aren't following us :) Our phone # is 800-798-2430, or you can email
Let me know if you need an alarm quote for your home or business!
oh. Go tell chris and Jacob! Btw I think two of my friends r coming too.
but he changed his photo - don't get me wrong - he is still BEAUTIFUL - but now his short is on! :(
No,I don't have a cocaine habit.The violent shaking and jaw grinding can be explained by a medication problem and way, way too much caffiene
interesting, thx for sharing!
Taco bell in my system chill mode for the night
Lmaao! I forgot! Who?
Double Steals All Day
I'm good. Do u still have the same #?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>aww she is amazin! I think thts is beautiful! Your sweet and so is she.....i really want to meet her
say happy mothers day to your mum for me!!! #HappyMothersDayAngieSimpson :) <3
Yes, I did watch the show. The last half was more incredible than the first half. Tonight should be interesting!
What to do to folks that hack you?I rep an protester pro Bono.In office working on his case now.
According to the people talking in the hallway, his grandfather died twice. Hm, how can someone die twice?
I love this photo!!
they don't have the ability with targets on their backs .
Looked through a telescope for the 1st time tonite. It was mind-boggling & romantic, simultaneously.
For those with curly hair: Do people treat you differently when your hair is straight? If so, how?
Best night ever.
the same. What r u up 2?
hope y'all had a great Friday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Think you can find a Hot man? Need help in Metro Detroit? Go to "For Women by Women" Stilettos give you the confidence you need!
Excuse me but we cannot trust he has been stepping on the Constitution since taking office. That troubles me!
When I come up as a Serious move makin' jive shakin' CHICAGO artist the first person I want to work with #HandsDown is
my stipulation is that they write the song about me haha
#pause to ray j for the rest of his life--> "u can't smack him over the phone ray"
KP what's worse that shirt or a 45 jersey in Burgundy?
“: ok I won't gloat about all the shoes I got then <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>” Jealous! Last year I bought my luggage for $1!
I gave my MBP 2husband & he bought me a new one 5 months ago. It has been nothing but trouble. At least it's under warranty.
The correct spelling and capitalization for the most famous undersea Nickelodian character is "SpongeBob SquarePants"
Undeniably. But makes the same point. Doesnt claim there are more LIBS than CONS. Hence not rated "UNTRUE" nor "ENTIRELY TRUE"
any ps codes?
#survivor yes! Do it again next week!
Nancy Kerrigan in a commercial and Tonya Harding giving interviews...Is it 1994??
RT The MLA '12 home page has been updated with feeds from Twitter and the official blog.
your welcome and thank you to you too...
I really just wanna go skating everytime I hear Love on Top
McAllen what's up ! Well see you tomorrow !
illegally maybe...?
O wise one, where do you recommend for a burger and craft beer in the Loop? Do you hate such queries? If so, my bad.
ha! Hard to do that on a Wiki, I guess.
Love that movie.
going to go gym this thursday. time for me to exercise at last :)
#nowfollowing FeaturedDancer/Host/Shoots/Videos TO BOOK MONiB CONTACT:
k just makeing sure
#music so many choices, but what pumps u up and what mellows you out should always be playing
"it's from the Middle Ages.."
I love #SOMETHINGTODANCEFOR I'm going to request the song on radio Disney ..!!!! I love that song
RT : Miami Chefs' favorite #sobewff events!
what's dj qone my name is redell drakeford founder of take axshun marketing,promotions & management inc.chicago
mistakes are proof that you are trying
lucky you... I have lunch after this class.. and we're doing absolutely noothing..
cant spare him today, gonna need full fire power!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> “: is really pretty, her new avi is subtly stunning.”
Happy New Year! we are hot out of the box and running! Stayed tune for Great news from Jethro - Big Thigs are coming
my Sweatie monkeys are acting up
It's been hard to tweet for both your personal twitter account and the work twitter account. I lose track of which one I've updated last.
morning wake-up song: "Jacking the Ball" - The Sea and Cake
Singing for the Tues Sept 27. Enter to Win a pair of tix by following me & facebook.com/carrissamusic
yes, thank you
iced dirty chai latte!
Thanks for the follow all! Have a great weekend!
Was just asked in class why we, as students, aren't out looking at new cars. #recession #studentloans #nomoney the list goes on, sir
I feel like saying something derogatory about but it would just show my jealousy that she got to kick it w bieber in malibu
so, it's not as bad as I thought (until you compare it to WA and CA)
My hatred for tmobile is getting worse & worse!
Thanks. Us too lol.
I need some people to give me some shout outs! i follow backk!
I could use some coffee right about mow
thanks, glad you're back to the "asshole fetch" I remember
The science of kissing is called philematology
Thank you Stephanie! Excellent webinar! RT : Thanks to for sponsoring my webinar yesterday
It gets better.
great. Who you playing with?
Bday wishes anyone??!?!
Works great for me. Just lemme know when is good for you!
Google+ and Google Takeout my homework for tomorrow morning.
#hermancain, the new savior of the #teaparty! GO HERMAN! GO HERMAN!GO HERMAN! GO HERMAN! immo be a conservative when I get paid too!
ii have not tried that boom. i doni't hold out much hope a $40 mic can sound good. i'll buy the blue mikey digital when it's out.
would go with you
I want you to feel the pain I felt, but nothing ever goes my way
Thanks for meeting with us , very excited and honored for the opportunity to host #smbmad May 16th, mark you calendars!
niice. Click on the Item name, click add to cart, and then view your cart when you are ready to check out. Feel free to
Birthdays this Saturday :) gotta figure out what ima do
We haven't spoken in almost a year & I randomly get a fb message from you? You must be bored or something?
The walrus was Paul.
Still where you belong! Congratulations!
#ThingsILookFor somebody who's on my level
Congrats on your grant! What's the project?
thanks for the love! <3
Left my phone in the car while at the library. Had to go old school and pick a book based on the cover and blurb.
Maybe I should clarify: Not sure it's realistic "yet." I think programs can get there.
you guys interested? I am planning to check out tonight's event
Fucking over it.
#gcyale "What is censorship" question never dies.
Hopefully meeting tonight at harrah's in AC.
idk D: i probably just should
And look for Tannehill to be one of the luckiest men in the world.. He has a supermodel wife.
exactly. Thanks for participating. Well give the notice at the start of the day next time. Hug?
thanks ma. :)
great job Mike im pullin for you man. keep up the good work:)
You belittled it, or I misunderstood your tone. What was your point in pushing the question? Why did it matter to you?
NINE HOURS. <U+2764>
Today me and got so many compliments like "Aw, you Guys are so cute" <3
I live in Florida im flying to new York to see him:)
heck yeah I'll upload that bad boy, I love me some Puddin!
My brother's family came over yesterday; we all played volleyball & had a great time.
I love you guys
are you going to meet Austin and others at the Springle Jingle??
I don't really have a strong opinion. Essentially, Whatever you decide to publish, it comes down to owning your choices.
ooohhh shaaaiit ima die whenever The Umbrella Academy movie comes out :O................... it'll be epic
I think people would be well served to spend a lot less money on both!
hey, follow back? (:
Oh, I hope not. RT An app that scans your myspace, facebook, and friendster pages and provides a psychological evaluation.
RT Come out and celebrate tonight! Prepps on Park Ave tonight
Game 6 in Philadelphia #Bulls vs
please follow me
I seriously thought that you were saying that your opinion was better than everybody else's.
looks like you read the article on how quotes gets you 50% more retweets lol... keep up the good work :)
YES. totally bitchin'.
Thanks for the RT!
Just one more day to get through, then tonight it's (Mike Birbiglia) at The Moore!
Donkey pukes AGAIN. Mad Anthony can officially outdrink Banderas. And never fear... Rock and roll is alive and well in Toronto! Amzng town
Happy Birthday to one of the best team MKE partners I could ask for!
what's good chuck I heard you wanted to holla at me bro!
OK rant over. Fuckit. go drink and get laid or something.
Take home message: Adapt and overcome, and make it work for you.
”Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.” - John F. Kennedy
Heading over to City Hall with the GTWT girls for a Community Forum on Redistricting, keeping our youth informed!
because I haven't had food in so long tho..
I hate when people don't put emotions through text. it makes me feel like they're not happy with the conversation.
today we had a boring-ass class of good-touch bad-touch virtue lesson and we saw a video i wanted to die 5 mins into it. yes,it was that bad
Please tell me if u think this name sounds good or not.. Haley Davis is the name..
We'd like to wish everyone a Happy Labor Day, even if you have to work.
looking forward to Bachelorette and DWTS tonight with the girls!!!
My inner Judge Maybelline says I should stay in and wait for true love while my inner Bernie Mack says I should go out and have fun
He said hell never fall inlove he swears n im laughin cuz i hope hes wrong :-)
The bad news: my droid phone has died. The good news: at least my old blackberry has word mole.
"We need to be having this awkward, uncomfortable conversation in our lives" re immigration, said @ #AllPeoples MLK brkfst.
Hey all you #IUBB fans, tune in to see your team on CNN !
on to serious matters: why is Japan still running off of nuclear power?.
People say ima hateful ass b.tch! I say don't hold ya breathe waiting for me to give a f.ck how u feel :)
I'm working on it...but some things take longer than others...
From , pitches should be no more than 1 paragraph.
Eso es bueno! :) What am I saying now? I hate my History Class.
He does have a point though. I'm King Drunk Text. Probably why my Ex stopped stopped talking to me after we split :/
Yeah I may wait until necessity calls but that could be any day now with my laptop. There are some updates on the horizon...
#Hightimez left me beat
Be where you are.
So, I'm researching Ohio only now... less complicated? Oh well... in touch with three other programs already... slight delay. :)
I finally found a place that stocks Alesmith by me. Could you be a gent and hit me w/ your recommendations for what to try 1st
It never fails to amaze me when I hear of people still using "instant messengers." Why? Phone, Facebook, portable.
Woke up this morning wit stress on my mind prayer the only thing that can help me
for real doe
lol we need a girl talk
I love the way you make me love life. =)
I'm sad call me! Vanessa hurt me..
Interested in a #UrbanFiction #bestseller? Download your copy of A-Town Veteran today by Cole Hart.
You me at six <3
where are playing these days.... still Midwest? I know, I know... I should read the blog but this is faster
Baby i can feel myself giving up
I think all the time is a better description :P
1 week trip to Europe flying to Dresden, ending in Paris w/ London in the middle. Any advice for ground transportation between countries?
~Big Government Is Killing California When you've lost the entrepreneurs, free-spirits, dreamers & (ahem) immigrants you've lost the State.
That's cool.
Lakers better go in 4th quarter. With no lube.
#musetech folk! I'm *real* now :) - FT Digital Marketing Content Coordinator. Fully diving into social media!
Thank goodness I get news tweets, I forgot bout NATO and roadblocks. Would of sucked going into the city tonight and taking the usual route.
Hey Tribe! If we had a chill acoustic show Friday December 16th would yall come out?
lmao ohh I'm just like, did she get hacked again? Lol carry on love.
I like need 2 get a new Ipod touch so I can start dancing freestyle again! I wanna dance!
havin fun listening to kesha on the train.lol
sounds fun! R u going to submit??
Forgot how much I enjoy shoveling snow. Thanks Dad for teaching me strong work ethic! Hard work does feel good!
This fate could have been avoided if you had a Sassy Gay Friend.
.... Awesome Bar with Rocking Bartenders and Jamming Music (I think we like our definition better)
... Rue. But freal me and Ate Jessica are trying to get a hold of you. Haha where are you?
What the hell am i doing up at 6 in the morning!?!? Ugh ill end up sleeping the day off -__-
thank you it was very exciting
me too!
I really don't want to get sucked in, but the words 'hermeneutic', 'posthumous' and 'Anne Boleyn' popped up before I could avert my eyes.
// I second this
#zbrushgnomon is about to start! W00t!
751 more words to go. fml
The closest I ever got to a 4.0 in college was my blood alcohol content.
#thatannoyingfeeling when you make it up the platform just in time to see the train pull off
We miss you too!
Today is my lil bro big major track district race! Only a sophomore running at 11.2 & only gonna get better. Proud to see him going this far
excuse me for having a good time!
true.. Except for James and sefolosha
awesome! Thank you. You can browse around for stuff to buy. That way you'll know the app well when you have something to sell
Honesty is a very expensive gift, don't expect it from cheap people.
no l seed some one
Raw/cold foods-salads, iced drinks-seem healthy but when consumed daily can cause bloating, edema, & slow metabolism
Interested in checking out books on #Autism! Check out the #Autism Family Resource Center's Online Public Access Catalog...
Sweet pic! We'd love to hear more about your group!
Time to let off some steam by playing NHL with
Wrapped for the day on Causality: The Webseries. What a great group to work with!
I'm reading it right now. :-)
omg my shamir booh love me
Life is consumed with, love, hate, care, forgetting, forgiving, and memories.
Yeah! I bet she's getting so big now!
Pro tip: pandering-based advertising is distasteful. Insulting my country as you ask me to "support our troops" via cold call is offensive.
Thanks for this
ADL Center Instant Chat tonight @ 9pm. Visit www.myadlcenter.org and share advice, resources, support and giggles about life on the spectrum
Tell old Newt you don't need food stamps for your Whiskas packets at 7-Eleven b/c you steal food from alley garbage cans.
Mahomies gonna love cause loves us<3
Bring in that red envelope you received during a December visit before Feb 28 to see what Santa surprised you with for the New Year! :)
Have you had a Shake Shack burger? it was better than in n out.
whats your email?
lol anytime also you can use that site to watch movies and tv shows!
Words cannot deserve the new Dark Knight Rises trailer. <OVER THE LIMIT12>
Join Jaime's & Ton's "Coffee & Donuts" Show facebook page and see how you can be a part of the show! on.fb.me/wXUzKp
Thanks for loaning me your umbrella for my trek through the rain. I don't even care that it's leopard print
One of the greatest OG of all time!! #PutJerryInHOF!!!
I can't with this chick's blue hair that matches her Sandford Brown scrubs.
lol, yes you are. We have to make u a costume now;)
!!!! Good thing you noticed and took action. That's a day making story.
no, I'm not going:( but have fun!!! i bet if they hear you sing they would wanna marry you...and your gorgeous!
Please follow me,I'm a big fan,Please follow me,I'm 13 years old and I get bullied,I wouldn't ask for anything else!
I'd love to be on my way to New Orleans right now. #wishfulthinkin #BBN #BourbonSt is gonna be off the chain #KY represent!
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>Big L-Platinum plus
Good morning!
Spencer Tracy needs to ditch the leather jacket and get a suit.
Fuck with my family, it's a situation!
Omg i want to cry
girl go to sleep
Sierra Club Takes Visionary Stand to Preserve Land in West Berkeley for ... - Berkeley Daily Planet
Can't come up with your own tweets? You must be a real dumbell, plus you're heidious looking...eewww
Today the super, the mailman, and the cable guy all dropped by. It was like Pee-wee's Playhouse!
I know I'm late on this but the producer should be fired for missing the opening face off.
"who's the youngest?!"
I know right:b Hes THE MACC :o
All good qualities.
The thousand autumns of Jacob de Zoet / David Mitchell
we're doing pretty good! Getting ready to release our new album!
All teams draft based on THEIR boards. Not Mayock or Kiper or me or you or anyone. No team has a perfect draft in fans/medias eyes. Relax.
Are you thinking about tattooing that GWB photo we have on our fridge on your body after this morning?
How yu gnna go get a gift fer yer motherinlaw, & not yer birth mother? Its okay mama I love yu! <3
Hopefully tech support will call soon, but worried they will say "problem is fixed" when it is not, would be 3rd-4th time.
Hey #ROC- getting ready for the #addys tmrw? Download the RAF addy app at the apple app store for more fun at the show.
"So I'm a minority because I disagree w/ the whole golddigging lifestyle? I think a man should COMPLEMENT a woman, not complete her."
Did you try to use two cards to get 10gbs?
Robby bringing on the gossip. Thatta boy.
I think about you all the time.....
Success w/new margarita recipe: 1.5 jigger tequila, 1 jigger lime juice, 1/2 jigger agave. Shake w/ice. Drink. No more nasty too-sweet mix.
kentucky. Sharpie.
How sweet would the hockey winter classic be during the winter??
Just googled myself lol I was surprised :D
Ill be there too! Laughstock twenty twelve.
Sunshine state my ass!
yeah I know! They always tell who's playing for tonight
Watched "I Love You Phillip Morris" with my sweetheart the other night. SUCH a great movie! :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Definitely interested in learning more! Just sent you an email!
#BlackTieMitt is the ONLY Mitt I keep in good company from here on out. Tonight the hungry, tomorrow the obese. Yahhh.
Come Play with Peyton ;) up in the 5280!!!
I just wish he would hurry up so I wouldn't have to work weekends anymore ;)
- Post something and your entire group of "Followers" will see it. use the "@" sign to send private message.
whit my little brother at is house he have a party today
maybe hails younger brother Graupel- temps where this is falling are in mid to high 30s Faribo to Carver. 850 temp 0
Miami! RT : #Miami? #Tokyo? #Copenhagen? If you could enjoy an 1 night free in any of these destinations, which would you choose?...
Silly bitch: "What are you like.. Mexican??" Me: "Haa noo..I'm half asian" Silly bitch: "No waaayyy!"
is done. Now some sleep, some script, and some more sleep.
Miami and ATL really battling it out. I wish they'd hurry up so I can go to sleep.
Ever wonder what happened when a prospect seems super excited about your products and services turn tail and run when it’s time to invest?
Don't want to, but guess I'll be voting for Romney and hope for the best!! Romney will probably send the rest of the jobs over seas!
artficlinanity: This is the second time in a week SLA has sent me an email message with my username AND password in it. Fail.
Work till 6..call/text
RIP Leslie Nielsen
Hey Hey Hey, businesses in Austin! We are looking to expand our network of sponsors! Contact us!
"This is some real shit." - Carole King, on writing and recording 'Tapestry'
where is that?! i want to go to there
Nothing like cutting it close. IIPC GA next week, demo system now up and running *today*, after planning at last year's GA in Den Haag!
Where is hiba like seriously!?
good job Bells (my hs). Fight On Santa Margarita!
Yooo check your dms i got something important to tell you
okay omgawd they got tied up thnk gawd c;
#ThingsMyParentsMadeMeDo plan out my finances.
On the air at 10... join me on 99.9 V100 FM or www.V100.fm or download the free V100 app for your smartphone!
Being poor is a crime. The rich rob banks because they are greedy! Encourage the rich to offer jobs so the poor can eat too.
#Linton&Associates can help your company develop a Company Wellness Plan. Give us a call at (505) 247-1530.
Hey everyone. Have a great weekend. Thank you for following:
THAT WAS SICK SHOT, BY KOBE!!!
OK I NEED U 2 SAVE ME SLICE! RT : Time to eat again! Imma make this apple pie too!
Good morning everyone!!! It's freezing here in Richmond! Hopefully it's warmer where you are!
Just saw my commercial on the Disney XD channel! Pretty cool!
Im dumb! &i love
Never give up on something you really want. it may be difficult to wait, but its much worse to regret.
OH!!!! you got to get on the
See you there! RT : ... Tonight I'm going to see 'Mother Bear' & 2mrw 'Hickorydickory'!
": CHAMPIONSHIP GAME TIME! #wastatebball" Boys 4A up first. Davis v C Valley. Big Davis crowd
But I just put it in the annotated bib I was writing. It was about Foucault and power, so it totally fit.
Game of thrones is kinda crazy
How important is an Expert Witness on your case?
Or was that a camera flash?
I put in cupcake chocolate vodka and banana liqueur, too. Makes it less sweet.
#sljsummit so, it here is a vast number of textual edits by a book editor, who is the author of the book?
Hey fans at #lockdown, start a NO BUTTHOLE NO CARE chant and let's make history.
ur the best little towns person/ spoon?
And a special Mother's Day shout out to the Mom of Mommy's....MY WIFE!!!!!
photoshoot again. but first lunch cause my heads killing me.
Thanks for the follow! How's your hostage situation going?
u got the wrong. The refs are calling it like they want it from him this year
Causing coups....
Bj novak is such a fucking tool!
Conciseness is key. Don't you hate stories that just ramble on, and on, and on, and on and on, and on, and on, and on, and on, and on...
#whatmakesmesad is when ppl hate on harley, They always steal what i was going to say!:P
Day 1 of the New Year, New Job series comes out tomorrow night!! Let's get it!
what happened? :/
Hey I'm attending an ugly sweater party on Saturday? Can I borrow one from your closet?
: im not tired
ME TO....third one in a row....... #NeedBreak #ButGreatful lol
Sadly, I gave my typewriters away. But the clicking of a computer keyboard will never compete.
Thanks for following me! I look forward to sharing my art with you :)
this is why I stopped. the words were uninteresting and all the same.
so pissed right now fanny should of went home
A firm deadline was just what sluggish, fussy perfectionist self needed! Even if same self second guessing the day after.
And I suggest wearing your protective bike helmet when you walk into your house! RT : I hate REM.
If I'm early to work, and there's no one here to see it... am I still truly early?
Lost time is never found again. -Benjamin Franklin
wow. my mom has no faith in me whatsoever
yea, mines definitely worse. I saw some articles that said Apple is investigating though...
its about time the Lakers honored one of their greats that somehow slipped away. Next stop, HOF.
I wish Bravo would have a party and invite all the housewives.
Wait... Not even a smoking area? RT : I can't believe they actually banned smoking in Liv and Arkadia
everybody wants to "be down with brown" :)
Ironic that all of the commercials during Jamie Oliver's Food Revolution TV show are for processed foods like- Stouffers, Nabisco & Coke.
Surprised to hear that #Gingrich will suspend his campaign next week. Two down, #Paul to go.
Ever since that day it's been clear to me that no matter what comes U will never leave. I know U're for me & U're restoring.
A new Predator movie called "Predators"? Wow...I guess this with Alien movies added wont ever die, lol.
Thanks for following us! How does your Monday look?
Singing straight for the next 12 days minus Thanksgiving. Oh joy :)
MAD MEN TONIGHT!!!!!
agreed. i'd read your stuff.
alright alright..
hm.. well I'm not condoning skipping or anything but....
<laughs> <cries>
Red Carpet Networking Party! March 15 The Filmore Live Nation and Sound Connection! and I will Host! I got 10 free tix
GAB votes for requesting a one-week extension to review Gov and Lt. Gov petitions
Wow. This girl @/TurnToJelena is obsessed with Jelena. 0.o
starlites good but star tavern in orange is the truth
Obama: "I've always been adamant that gay and lesbian Americans should be treated fairly and equally".
like stand up... really cool songs... not that all of ur songs rnt.. they are::)<U+2665>
New day...new opportunities! Thank you fans...we appreciate you! Ah we do what we do for you!!!
we actually came back to LA today - we have posts up on our blog projectcambodia2012.wordpress.com - in depth articles to come soon
I am interested in follow4follow? do you or no? If you need more follows try the site on my profile :)
Yea, I Know.
“I cannot live without books.” — Thomas Jefferson
The awkward moment when you choke on a life saver
Just opened this week. Amazing
I love #Sex but I love #PopTarts more... You'd be #Surprised what you could get me to do for a #FrostedCherry #PopTart ;)
No WaY i LoOk ExAcTly ThE sAmE wAy :O
Minecraft has taken days of playing time off my life but my castle is freaking awesome
jimmy gets my vote
I am so tired right now. Making movies keeps you super busy. :)
Just keep swimming, just keep swimming. Just keep swimming, swimming, swimming! - Finding Nemo
yes hahah #chaining now I have to use it in my tweets !
Yeah, i've just read up more on him, and he's done more stuff alot more than i knew about, now i'm regretting what i said :/
Apple Trick for Quicky HTML emails: Click on your mail doc in Safari, hold down COMMAND I , & it's auto- inserted into a Mail msg.
Is the next ? It certainly is if you're looking to hit the 14-24 y.o. demographic, especially in Europe.
I remember the first time that I found Austin on Youtube :')
Through 35 games in their magical 2011 season, the #Brewers were 15-20. They won 96 games. It's so early people.
I found that out in "Forget Paris" haha
To much @ once I have to clear my mind
The way I see it, apparently the contents of my room are about 95% paper.
I live in San Diego. My mother heard about North Korea and called me, asking if I was worried. I said only when they're driving.
Thanks man ( :
Snow is sticking at my house! Which means snow at the school! Crossing fingers for at least late start!
my seattle sweater just arrived in the mail cant wait to wear it
Good morning ..its so nice to wake up with the window open.. in what we still call winter an its 60 out in March.. :)
There are drums behind my eyelids.
Gives whole new meaning to, "Now I gotta cut loose..."
you must try them all. Seriously
What is your #FAVORITE #Detroit #RadioStation ?
Hanging out at DIFF with the storytellers. Crazy beautiful people both inside & out. Bless them for their DIFFerence.
that would be sweet
Thanks for following!!
Benzema scores within a minute after he got on the field ! ha ha ... Real Madrid ! 3 - 0 CSKA Moscow
You were an amazing competitor! Thanks for being a huge part of #SpaceRace2012!
watching the knicks game !
I wonder if I'm the only person in the world who thinks Tebow's sexuality (or lack thereof) should be his own business.
RT : I am indeed. Insolence, impudence, effrontery, gall, etc. <U+BED4><U+BED4><U+C2A4><U+B7FD><U+B2E4>?/WOW excellent!! insolence was eng thot too
Join us for breakfast or lunch today! We are across the street from the venue in Columbus!
Neilsonwire forecasts smartphones will out sell 'normal' mobile phones in US by the end of 2011
...just as much as it was that you cried for whitney...your wife said your weeping kept her up all night¡
wow, but yea you do, maybe next time.
America = elite SEAL Bin Laden killing team. It's like being back in 2003.
Back from New York ;D My homework still isn't done... Oh well :/
Birds be fuckin nasty feedin they babies throw up. What if the baby bird throws up the throw up?
Witkowski-Sheridan Technology Lab: Most Projects don't simply go wrong. All to often they start wrong.
Taylor Gang or get a blowjob from wait. that might be poppin.
Marlins suck
best 10 months of mine as well :)
Well I'll agree with that,but when he's a conceded jerk it ruins the cuteness a.k.a #TomBrady :P
Romney says he knows it's not easy keeping a roof over your family's heads — as well as roofs in San Diego, New Hampshire, and Park City.
really? # day has been made
Maybe they're just saving up for those big moving expenses to LA.
“: I be rackin up on big macs.. #BigMacsOnMacsOnMacs”
She's a song unsung. She's a wild orchid in your ugly swamp.
Downtown is bullshit
Damn this rainy forecast. If she's anywhere near NY, Shirley Manson must be ecstatic
Only if it's at the KK. I like the underagers. A
Having an amazing night <U+263A>
Feel like beating something up while Drive Like Jehu blasts today. Rome Plows!
Seniors: Remember tomorrow is REP YOUR COLLEGE Day! I've got my GW shirt ready!
"The creation of South Sudan means that there will be a new ISO 3166 country code" (via ) Spoken like a true data-geek, Todd!
Much gratitude for my mother and all the love and lessons she still shares. Happy Mother's Day to all you moms who pour love into our lives.
"All these non-Latino people are asking for the day off for Cinco de Mayo and they don't even know what it is!" -Jose, Mexican-American
Ala Ike & Tina Turner scene from "Whats love got to. . ." Eat the chocolate cake. [ Then proceeds to face smash the cake ]
We have less than 2 weeks until the Art of Beer and the start of #sacbeerweek. If you can't wait, head over to
Roy Halladay may give Cubs a higher ranking vs. Mr.
you are welcome!
My cubbies come back to win in the 9th.
We're back up, and will be supercacheing your personal details from hereonin.
my mom makes the best steak&chicken quesadillas with cheese in the world. ddeelliicciioouuss! haha
U have turned republican
manifest the malfunction of your mindstate
It's been a year? Sure hasn't felt like it! Times flies when you're having fun, right ? :)
I got class in a hr. I can't.
Root canal has turned into a tooth being pulled today! Will this mom be given a break please! I am learning to zone out the needle~scary!
hi Oprah do you get the emails directly fans send on your website?
So any updates from my Nike FuelBand friends? You like? love? What aspects? And what's not so great about?
Poetry readings at a bar? I think I'm in love. #mamascrowbar with
It totally was!!
Foul by Carlos Salcido (Mexico).
you gonna be able to make a game before Omaha?
This sucks. no tables, no waitresses, no wifi, im hungry, im thirsty. i dont even care about who is fighting tonight.
Want success? Examine what ur habits are. You'll find ur answer
Today is bittersweet, but I'm glad I get to spend it w/ my Little Goose at our annual trip!
Last night was too legit
No more #chartership questions right now, Claire, but thanks for facilitating.
Thiel Foundation: Silicon Valley needs to stop requiring college degrees
If you could travel anywhere in the continental US to do #genealogy research, where would you go? wants to know! Please retweet.
no Pic of the mini arch?
congrats on another super bowl. Someday Ill know what it is like. Rangers are looking good too, could be the year of NY.
The difference between Snooki's baby and my baby is that Snooki can probably afford day care.
RT : #Aries are aggressive
so true...“: If you want some confidence boosting just hang out with your grandparents
Let's go heats! Huge dunk by lebron!!
The moment you realize that your entire life has been a mistake...it becomes exactly what is needed to be!
It is good to realize that we don't have to be victims of things that are actually w/in our power to change. #EnjoyLifeMoore!
thank u
Brain Floss: Even though whales are very big, some of them don't have teeth. They have stiff hair-like combs that take food from the ocean.
no ... Will be covering high school baseball I'm guessing.
I truly believe it's calculated to "win back" the black vote, but I'll take Jay-Z and Will Smiths endorsement of marriage equality and Obama
New website buildout has officially begun... get excited! The new www.eps-doublet.com goes live in approximately 1 week!
Missouri is suppose to have a decent team coming back.. One of their top players sat out with an injury this season
"Im a bananna im a bananna im a bananna look at me move! bananna power bananna power!" "STFU before i throw a bananna at you!"
there are two kinds of people who wear sunglasses inside, blind people and assholes.
I hate pooping in public.
answered my question on livechat "If I buy your shirt will I become sexy?" with yes you will become sexy. Mission Accomplished
2 Minutes until our #TeamQinTheCommunity Thursday starts! Time to start looking for amazing #SanDiego tweeps to feature to our followers!
time is more the issue.
Standing up
It's time to end the TSA and get the governments hands back to only stealing our wallets - Rand Paul
wuz good son
Holy shark farts you made my heart palpitate!
That Moment Wen You See A Cute Girl At The Store & You Think Wen Are You Going To See Here Again
so glad we could help your express your inner pin-up. thanks for all that you do!
cleaning up databases is in fact much worse than it sounds.
beautify not toxify!
I am following you :) thanks
Im writing a new song this week.
Why can't my iPhone get it that I want 2 say hell not he'll? Drives me crazy!! What is so bad about the word hell? iPhone what the HELL?
... I can't say on here... I'll tell you Wednesday! but I miss you too, girl ):
Don't let social media cause you to forget that there are real people behind the technology. IRL connections still paramount.
Thank you for including our post in your digest - to launch
If someone really loves you, they wouldn't let you slip away no matter how hard the situation is
We're up to 8 GED grads as of today! Congrats to Kimberly!! Who will be the next grad?
": Help us find a cure for Lupus! Walk tomorrow, donate, or spread the word as a Jets #SocialWalker- cant be ther.but$$helped
its been too long fellas
Nia, Nia, Nia. You're dancing around this. He got a gang of other bullies and terrorized a classmate. Many against one is cowardly.
so excited to work with the fabulous+talented designer, on the !
yeah. Well theres a rumor about something when they're in LA....Idk any details & I don't wanna get my hopes up but I heard>
yes!!! We're now in the final next week the country is happy
look At those sexy sisters!!!! Holla ;))
Whatever happen to those old REPUBLICANS who worked with the DEMOCRATS? ORRIN HATCH worked with TED KENNEDY on HEALTH CARE. NLD Mom
so what's the likelihood Meyer makes an official announcement tomm or Monday?
Male Health: many men with impotence are likely helped by the nutrition supplement L-arginine
"Let's not tell the kids Belko's dead." Yeah, like they're not f*cked up already.
+100 RT : you are brave & amazing. Thank you for speaking out.
Hey girly! It was great meeting you Saturday :)
RT : I will pick the winner after the game sunday salsa and star
she was put on trial twice because her peer accused her.
Awe you think so? (':
Gossip Girl has me sobbing right now. I just wanna marry Chuck Bass, is that too much to ask for!?
I can tell its gonna be a good summer. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
pretty sure that's everyday
Finally home. Let the Kitten Snuggle Hour commence!
Thansk to for the follow!!!
At school and then lunch with my mom and then paying my sons vet bill lol
Ok-so mind-blowing stuff on #NOVA last night--teleporting to Paris (Sigh..if only!), entanglement-particles into waves...trying to absorb!
Just got in the van on my way to prac
actually his middle name is william...just sayin
I'm PUI, but the stream I'm watching switched to
“: "Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." -John Wooden”
-I would totally want to come to warped tour if #stampstheband was there!!!;)
Austin started hanging with Alexis, lost fans. Austin moved to Miami, lost fans. Notice that I said fans not Mahomies.
Thanks for the follow, E. Have you met my good friend ? She's my go-to for all things
Officially old and lame. Excited about this debate.
There are always a few dropped balls on Selection Sunday. This year didn't seem overly brutal. Wouldn't want that gig.
Smoke weed.
Hi Twitter! This is #tweetjacking my sister's profile. I'm doing this bc I love her and want her to tweet (and spellcheck) more
not at all
I'm not good with change. I'm just deeply affected by it in a way I can't explain.
Thats what his friends called him growing up. Inappropriate but not racist. RT : People who refer to President Obama as "Bar
blue an white game today at 7 right ?
Atleast its not pee... RT : My cat decides to walk all over my car with his dirty paws..
Thanks. It's just been a bit of a bumpy week. Looking forward to this Saturday, though.
I love Goggle+ it's Belen and I's secret hideout where we can say whatever the fuck we want.
Just woke up so fukin tired D:
Doc in Venezuela.
ur still awesome!!!!
too funny
watching the world elite ocean swimmers approaching scripps pier in La Jolla Rough Water Race. 3 mile Gatorman.
lmfao if i was rich i'd buy like 20 and fill his car with them.
I remember popping twitter's pussy at like 4am last summer. This summer will be no different :)
Lmaooo Damn . Smh Bad Girl :p
Please proofread, people: One letter is the diff btw "exiting" and "exciting," "but" and "buy," and "quit" and "quite." All seen today.
Heading to Mooncusser Films in the morning for more production work on the documentary film project.
Go Hogs!!
Found: Available Heated Steering Wheel stamp! Amazing Race Taurus Race to the Finish Line:
Costco guy asked me if I'm an "international" after my costco card wouldn't read properly at gas pump
Would help illustrate the value of what they will learn thru the entire course
"Cher, I don't want to do this anymore. And my buns, they don't feel nothin' like steel."
Leaving early for competition! :D
There is always, always, always something to be thankful for ... <U+2665>
Sitting in the office, listening to some Delta Spirit, finishing up inventory. Oh I love inventory!
Shoutout to for witnessing maybe my most embarassing moment in a while.... #wipeout #oops <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I'm cold.. This is just nuts!!
one down...GO DODGERS!!!
Yikes! Dead Grandma's on the phone.
I can't wait to hear it! :) You guys should post the studio version of Mr. Wonderful on youtube or something :)<3
it's the gels and creams that get you
wholeheartedlyy Apple's sending out 1,000 iPad 2's for a fantastic promotion, go to this page for details! ipad_3_giveaway
hahaha!!! Long enough for him to get a towel? :)
We have a contest 4 MIB3 goodies & a gift card, all delivered. Just tweet #AgentDLV to & be entered for a chance to win!
Bleacher Creatures draft day!
Dear any girl with an ex, STOP updating every status about some nigga that did you wrong and move on
Have you seen twitter account? Plz RT!!!
baby, come here next to me...i'll show you how good it can be..i'll breathe each breath you breathe. pour out everything i am.
#nats Zimmerman is just sick
you act like me saying i loved you was words i made up only thing to do is to ask god to save us cause the devil came and played us
Go get "inspired by the struggle,created in the hustle" on itunes..rt
S- mysterious D- evil/bloodthirsty E- don't remember?
These are the moments where I wish I would have paid attention at least a little bit over the past two months
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1862, Jefferson Davis charged Robert E. Lee with the conduct of military operations in the armies of the CSA.
Thanks for the mention :-)
O lord lolRT : Up watching "beauty and the beast"
Going to wear my Dick Tracy Halloween costume to work tomorrow, we'll see if it's a huge success or colossal failure.
love it RT : A6: I cut up toppings, & have everyone make their own mini pizzas. Way to get people inv..
Its about damn time used the "turnin' up the Heat" phrase to describe Miami. Bravo.
We have many international patients. Let us know if we can help.
what is that??
thanks man!!
#raw10 youre Ghetto if you whole Cd/DvD collection is Bootleg. u cant tell what is what bcause the disc is blank!
GT Events needs female promo reps at Rock the Bells this Saturday in LA! Please email your info, pic to ASAP, thanks!
Did you get your voice back? Are you in a play? You mentioned you gad to perform the other day?
As I mentioned on the site, WWE would probably be posting pictures and video of the Hall of Fame. NOT streaming it.
I want to alter photos and would like to find easy instructions.
Sketchers is the best so far.
among others :)
Smiling faces pretend to be your friend.
Happy Super Tuesday Atlanta, don't forget ballots also cover local issues like sales tax for sewers, Sunday alcohol sales, & more. Vote ATL!
When little kids say your name, its the cutest.
That would RULE!
Good news for people, planet and pocketbook: MSC certified Wild Fresh Pacific Cod Fillets are on sale for $8.99/lb. You save $3/lb Fri-Sun
they were all at El Pisto!
dont forget to smile today :)
Don't be sad please!!!
FACEBOOK is the second most popular word that starts with "F" and ends with "K" ; )
Love can be seen in movie not in real life :)
hahah I know ... my little niece was freaking out :)
Tracy Holmes-Brazil, 's program services chair, is giving us "marching orders."
Wow...Leavenworth truly does have anything...even if you never asked for it!
The most difficult character in comedy is that of the fool, and he must be no simpleton that plays that part
At Jack Pearls!!! Yayyyy!!! :)
Good for her. That's the beauty of the idea. You can make them up for anything and everything. PS I love Hunch, too.
What is wrong with Tim Lincecum?
Hey, let's back off on Drew! He's looked much better at the plate this year.
Really not looking forward to the last final I have tomorrow.
I am dying to put on some sweats turn the fan on an veg out on the couch.. It's been a long day and I feel sunburnt!
thanks! And yes you are right about the "days on!"
ive been pretty good. Hows Paris? :-)
they need to fuck off. You were only giving your opinion. Don't let them bring you down:)
Criminal minds :)
I read that on the twittelator.... Looking forward to it
Watching "laugh at my pain" this I what married couples watch on Saturday nights. We are getting crazy<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
You didn't miss much.
Like the staging on this one.
No longer "Deputy Mayor!" As of today, it's "Chief Deputy." I asked for an explanation. None given.
My random q of the day. Why didn't show her vajayjay in her spread ??!!
gRAGEuation Yankee Stadium
Parade member Gary Schlegel will be joining Lee Hay -exciting things at this years parade! THERE WILL BE A LOT! 91.7 WVXU Cincinnati
Ah yeah. Yeah buddy! lol.
I'm still kinda amazed Arkansas fired Bobby. I thought for sure winning would trump in the SEC.
Hello everyone! We have 3 more months until the end of the fiscal year. Get your gifts in and support RISD students!!
Good morning Good people! It's Monday,so what? Thank the Lord for this day and go forth w/praise no matter what! Its a blessing 2be alive!!
big ups to everybody doing there part in putting SAN JOSE back on the map. you know who you are! RT this if your one.
I'm also sexually attracted to women who look like Abraham Lincoln. Just Kidding Thanks Ray
we haven't written anything on here in awhile. perhaps now that the summer is over we'll get back to important shit like twitter.
not creepy! Peeps!
Yup, I'm celebrating 6 years in this city at the end of the month!
yo going to prom
she don't do that lol
Jesus m Christ
Felt every step of that 4 mile run today. Sometimes you just have to push through things
When Americans are faced with a new disaster, people WANT to give. That is exceptional but many times they give inappropriate
hahaha okay but no, you pick! I hate choosing :)
like like like like
I can't wait to get my yearbook on Wednesday!
I just got a new phone so the videos and photos on the blog will be MUCH better quality.
Baseball & fastpitch players, those sunflower seeds your eating a have some benefits they are packed with zinc, other minerals & healthy fat
Awesome Justin...always good to have Fordham make it on to Good job by Larry Fitzgerald!
Omfg she is so annoying like chill the fuck out go sit down dam
One step closer to that Baylor-Florida Final Four showdown....
Love is like the ocean: vast, deep, beautiful and calm though occasionally tempestuous, and ALWAYS full of unseen dangers. - Kiera Condon
Dude, i was just looking @ the line up for bamboozle & i just saw Armor For Sleep..are they back together?!...
Who knows if you'll read this but Happy Birthday :)
Me too, I thought it was cool that they gave Israel love on their blog, out of all the places in the world. :)
Nice! It was followed up with a fist pump interaction that I was totally lost on as well.
LOOKS A LOT LIKE Just sayin..
My Mom's going to kill me when she sees the phone bill
Homeowners and students have a lot of good news to catch up on in this edition of West Wing Week: OFA.BO/7q5Sdz
Minnesota Environmental Initiative is now Environmental INITIATIVE! Tagline: Powerful Partnerships. Effective Solutions.
Thanks for the listing!
Gabe York Led Adidas Nation in Scoring this weekend
Holy freaking Cisse...
Well, guess you don't have 2 b in front of the net 2 score as said in #NYRWSH pregame...
Is the point to lower crime, or to reduce traffic accidents? Measuring tickets not the only metric (argumentative today, sry!)
We're tabling at Texas VegFest! Come visit us at the MonkeyWrench booth! $5 donation Entrance at the far east end of Fiesta Gardens.
thank you for a great show!
leave me alone .
It will work out as well as Braylon Edwards and the Browns
Always see your opponent and the basketball. (ball-you-man) - point your pistols - (hands)
wait. Let me rephrase that. You wished for a dick AND balls. ;)
WI CCW class Wednesday night. Still spot available, contact me if interested.
Are always convinced u r looking or talking about them
Aye, breathing definitely helps! :P
Send me a DM with the name of either one of Tash's solo albums or and Alkaholiks album and a pair of tix are yours
We need your pick-up line expertise this morning on (by phone). Call me!
Never had a drink that I didn't like, got a taste of you, threw up all night.
u suck
omw home to my love
I'll be there. Should be a great show.
I'll change that for ya, Goodnight ^_^!
RT : Tactics should be the longest list of your strategic plan
The #PrettyLittleLiars finale was #lame. Don't tell anyone I watch that.
#Nerdprom Wow. look at Mrs Obama's dress!
RT if you don't support 's plan to take the dream out of the
Nuggets have to run and be aggressive. There in LA there not gna get any calls
he ain't cute
I have nightmares of that too! Is it safe to read your article?
Look at my Tumblr :P
I was just thinking the same thing...hahaha!
(: Had alot of fun today . Hoping tomorrow is good going to a thing for my bf's baby sister who has cancer :( I hope she gets better .
RT : Junior Seau dead in suicide, source says. Link to story to come.
Don't forget Fire, Police & Military are FREE FREE FREE for the Albuquerque Sci Fi Expo!!!!
"Active obedience" or "double imputation" is heresy. #soundgospel His death was sufficient.
I totally just found a $5 bill in my winter jacket. And immediately bought myself a coffee and left a big tip.
Test message.
Single too ;-)
and to talk about their first/fave jobs on #CFNetwork upcoming video on young adult employment
thanks for the RT quick request would you mind posting your interview on Amazon and Barnes and Noble? Everything helps!
Yo when are you guys coming to Orlando?? Bring Ellie!!
Get your week started right....TAN!! $10 off any purchase over $50 all week!!
Nice video. I think I could see my house lighting up on there :p
Officials in OSU-SYR controlling the game. Terrible officiating both ways. Let them play.
Congratulations to the winners of the Business Plan Competition, including
Clarify, $950.00 for medical & dental insurance for whole Family
Funny how everyone is being an asshole about the cyberbullying, but when someone gets hurt because of it they "care." Hypocrites.
One of my followers is about to cop an unfollow from me...
God gave me you for the days of doubt <3
#Corelpainter MasterClass in full swing, they barely leave for lunch! Will post results next week
I would only go to an austin mahone concert if he performs more originals instead of covers I don't wanna hear covers lol
FOLLOW to fulfill the prophecy.
Having kids is awesome, especially when they bring nasty colds home to infect you with.
this result is overdue. He's been riding the umps pretty hard lately. Needs to chill out.
LOL oh no!
3:56am realization - My friends barely see me, hence I have no friends.
What a great night of fights!! We can't wait until the Sept 10th show back here in Richmond, California!!
Baby carrots are fresh and sweet and delicious. But Butterfinger Blizzards are better.
The Mask
Best brands build direct relationship with customers. Best publishers should do the same. Mitch Joel
Big shakeup coming at #Google. Larry Page to become new CEO! Needless to say, would love to be a fly on the wall at Google these days
Yeah, the Chanel logo on y left wrist.
Have a great weekend. Heading to Preakness this weekend? Take a taxi. Lost items or comments let me assist. Let me know cab color or number.
LeBron James wins 2012 Kia NBA Most Valuable Player Award
I believe that the name of the device that you are looking for would be called a Brain Recorder.
I like how Erickson keeps reminding the "welchers" to fork out the $20 league fee...lol
is worth a long drive any day, I'll never get enough!
Nobody's fine as you.
Being a working actor is very satisfying... SO GET OUT THERE AND WORK!
I am impressed with this Los Angeles kings team
Seemingly coach's decision. He's on bench. RT : Why is Espindola not starting for RSL. Tactical decision or injury?
“ He ignores you, but you like him. He does nothing, but you fall for him, you miss him, even though you know he’s never thought about you.”
PETA would hate me in
Hackintosh dead. I’m sorry Steve, I’ll never stray again!
Ha, love the name! Yes it has been too long. If I can't make it, let's not wait until #notatIAsummit :)
Watching Whitney Houston's funeral on #CNN Marilyn Monroe, John Lennon, Michael Jackson and now Whitney Houston.
RT : #Songwriting Tips: Don't forget that a lot can be achieved on a one chord groove > great songwriting practice - try it!
Ok, I won't. I want the same.
thank you for taking the time to interview the boyzzz :) Means a lot
Chase will be a force to be reckoned with if he continues on his present path. Happy Holidays.
O I googled it and it looks cool! Will try it out for sure :)
Packing for my next two weeks in Philly!!.
Trivia: Jennings is called the "Garden Spot of Louisiana" for it's rich and productive farmland. Jennings sobriquet {nickname} became a...
chilin here at my homies house watching tv and drinking and hes pased out already
I just saw you guys at Tampa international? Confirm or deny!
Good Morning. They say if you do something for 30 days then you will be making a change in your life. Here I go! Day 1 starts today XO
going on a date is just a complete and total waste of time.
Yeah I know. They sound horrible too!
see how many specimens people can part with from their collections, n I'll get my grandpa's jewelry biz on it!
What you're experiencing is Cognitive Dissonance, your world view being blown up by Facts & Science. You're welcome.
whichever sounds the least like your current one lol
The lobos fans in the house definitely pulling for Montana.
Why isn't the Tumbler Tour coming to Portland? I mean, the Bat-Pod is a bike when you think about it. Portland loves bikes!
its fine where are you?
finally read M. Butterfly
I think I had one of those in Brazil. Do you poke the straw through whatever is covering the cup?
i don't go to the gym for one day and i feel like all my hard work has been lost
other way around dumbie.
Much needed rest day from P90X2. It's been a tough couple of days. Cant wait to see my bod on Day 90.
While it's a good question, I think they still want to build some hype around the fact that they will still be holding a card there
Was supposed to be here with I believe, but that show was cancelled :(
I am at that age I am too old for a smart phone,so I got a C+ phone. I think that was my G.P.A. in high school.
You used to be the shit, but now you ain't shit, bitch.
Follow artist and check out his blog at www.miracle16.com
I guess
Pitbull: I want your babies!
this is a great article! I am going to have to use it.
- Plz tour with This Romantic Tragedy Soon! <3 Make sure you come to michigan! Sorry I Missed You Guys Tonight </3
your missing out on some prime time awesome big boy pants moments
A river runs thorugh my front yard. Yep, it's pouring hard.
Nationals are a new team and need to build a fanbase with the area. So many transplants to the area root (1/2)
yankeeincanada: sla2010 had 74 followers in its first day! wins for guessing 50 - closest w/o going over. now day 2. any take ...
I love ya!
Watching Jennifer's Body. I wanna look like Megan Fox. Ohgeez.
still interested in partnering with SOS, shoot me a message and lets get some more India kids in school!
Bitch just threw out a McDonald's soda. It's 9am -_-
Which cruise are you all thinking about going on?
I'm wondering who cud fall for something like this. I'm thinking... Why would sum1give you money that belongs to me& not give it 2 me. Smh
Cleveland! We want to expand our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
Are you EVER home? You are always on the road. Enjoy Chi-town.
I'm working 1130-6...come see me?
2 different types of people. Those who drink Gatorade for sports & those who drink it for hangovers.
Magic is on Mike and Mike right now talkin bad about Mr. Bryant...Horrible 2nd half of the 4th
It feels empty without you! Yesterday I even said " I miss brianna!!" and someone asked why I was like " she's not in here!"
Why does Subway NOT have ketchup??
Dang, I had a good nigght.
" stupid enough to except lies and bull..If u build ur Brand on Being "World Class" u better get it done on every level" exactly
Defending WBU belt Sat Feb 11 2012 at Patriot Center (opponent TBD).. looking forward to another great night... appreciate your support
i wish you saw what i saw..maybe then you'd finally understand /:
Heading to #sxswi? Look out for the iTriage Man, twit pic a photo of you and him to win a 2013 #SXSW experience!
You should probably untuckem after today's victory. Make the Deadbirds notice your prowess.
today is that day for me!
Brewers don't make playoffs last yr without Marcum but long term give me Lawrie. Cards will run away with div. I'm in hockey mode now
''Where's he gonna be, the Jenny Center? I built that.'' -- Papa Doug, on the Dalai Lama's visit to USD
Go Seattle Sounders!
#4famouswords GIVE IT YOUR ALL
#SupportingDH was best panel so far at #dlfforum. Pat yourselves on the back, Emory and NYU folks!
Ouch that hurts ):
Honda Civic Tour RT : What summer concert are you most excited to see?
Just had occasion to order a baby gift and was given the option of pink, blue and neutral booties on the pull-down menu.
Tropical Addiction Thursdays Lounge happens tonight; just one day closer to the weekend!!!
Hey girl... You think this Anzalone stuff is a publicity stunt? I'm trying to figure out what's really going on.
Performance went great!!(: now #leggo church <333
Headed for Torrey Pines PGA golf today. What a great day to live in San Diego and follow something besides football and baseball.
#NP: Orrin Evans - deep solo piano reading of "TSOP," from forthcoming trio CD "Flip the Script." Watch for it.
The only thing that matters to me about the World Series is that the Yankees lose. So this is a great World Series!
Good point, but the article on CNN.com was 4 pgs of the same thing over & over. It's beating the dead horse, yes?
Fantastic, have you seen our webseries? www.chicosangels.com
good luck!
:'( thanks jess
true... Tell me about it
Glad you make could make it to the show! What an amazing start to Encore!
Things to do???? I deeply understand. I've got to pay bills this evening! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
I had a PBJ sandwich
I like that that line also describes suburban America's collective 11th grade experience.
#ifitwasuptome every single child would be covered with health insurance. There's no excuse for kids to be dying.
Its... TANNING TIME C: My outfit from today is the leading to summer c:
Yes ~ thank you for being a part of
Happy New Yr, best friend! I'm so grateful to God for having you and in my life! I love u both lots! <U+2665>
I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library
I appreciate it!<3
USC Grad's Second Chance to Make Olympic Team
Hey, I got me an iPhone! Got any apps you want to recommend?
yeah I'm good wbu
Thought you'd be interested in knowing that they now sell Capri Sun in Nourish Cafe. "You can't deny a person juice."
I'm all afuckinglone on my day off, & I love it.
some random guy called me gorgeous on FB , that was nice.
here to enjoy and be enriched by another friday HITsm chat.
Hi,is anyone from San Diego there?
gotta love katie she's seriously amazing
hey gorgeous ;)
RT : Decided to hop in a taxi instead of crab-walking all the way home from work. #SmartDecisions <--Lol
The Institute minimum wage model shows that those within the range of the value of the increase gain too.
Can't wait to see you guys this summer! It's gonna be insane!
dats watsup!!! ihad a game today so i missed it
Lady Gaga'd out! :/
Just had a sweet,sweet bath,and ate Villalobos burritos!Spain has to wait a month,or two!
Pugilist John L. Sullivan appeared last evening at the Bush-street theater in a beastly state of intoxication.
Romeo and Juliet starts in January for my 9th graders! Thoughts?
Giving Cinnamon a chance. it's tolerable.
Get Down or Lay Down !
Constructive debate sparked by Hadass Sheffer of #talentdividend: how sustain college attainment efforts long term?
Get em kansas!
the man and his music, the evolution of the man, is coming soon. stay awake on www.themanla.com
Glad to hear you like ‘em! Which bar is your fave? RT: Chewy Granola bars >>>>>>>
Going to west 6th friday night. Over/under how many times will i hear 'bass down low'?
Ok, I feel a bit better... I'm around 9 or 10 hours, too. Thanks!
Nothing is better than giving the gift of nothing... #MerryFloatmas!
#lyrisresults Where can I get this Merkel data? Do they publish a report?
At the same damn time, at the same damn time.....
i gotcha .. but i still shud get on yu and tyra head for punishing my hot fries
Have a great weekend! This means YOU!
If you hire a relative just to give them a job, not because the company needs the work done, you are looking for trouble.
Grizzlies and Nuggets gonna knock down LA
eating!! Come ASAP I miss and love you big bro !!!!
Marchand in Double OT after Holtby gives up a big rebound and Wideman doesn't check his man
Do what you love.. pursue your passion, purpose and vision God placed in your heart. It's the path 2 happiness & allows us 2 be a blessing!
A,WHOOOOOT? CONGRATS. lol just school and fucking school -_- i miss you too <33 :D
Y do cnbc news ask the softest of softball questions???
I can't root against CP3, go Clips!
Goodnight Farmers..hope you are all enjoying your Labor Day weekend, come by tomorrow, we're open 10a-10p! Strain of the day is Island Dawg.
everything is good in TriBeCa. We're gonna be tonight for After Dark!
James is my favorite too with Kendall following as a close second
Absolutely it is. RT : to see your hard work pay off, that's priceless. -rick ross
Misread a citation. I though Chris Walken wrote a study on Armenia. I thought, "Damn, he's so talented." Nevermind.
How awesome you are how bitch you are , definitely people will face you like ..... ?
While writing, I heard "that's a base hit!" I exclaimed "you've got to be kidding me!" Forgot it was the #Royals batting, not the White Sox.
Will Casey Anthony start to look for the "real killer" OJ-style? There are lots of good golf courses here in Florida.
I can appreciate all the things Tim Tebow has accomplished, but never has so much media attention been given to such a below average player
This Sunday at Oro Pomodoro at Rockville Town Square, come and see our friends the Red Hot Rhythm Chiefs for Jazz Brunch.
I've long held the deep belief that ANY year could be the one where Ted Nugent is either dead or in jail.
If you're in Los Angeles and lost your wallet near the Starbucks on Melrose I found your wallet but not the $58 inside it
Pretty sure the world is dissolving slowing. Who turns down a FREE show with Circle7 AND Eve6 on the same stage?! That requires therapy
I just entered the $1 Million Sweepstakes, and you should too! Check it out here:
Just about 3 months left though, can't believe residency is almost done!
Isn't that the truth! I've heard that the optimal amount of things to truly accomplish in one day is 3, yet we take on WAY more!
We want to wish everyone #HappyHolidays! Have safe travels and enjoy your time with family and loved ones!
Well, I know Volko (who designed Labyrinth and the new Andean Abyss) & would be happy to intro via email if you like.
Went to set to chat with Director and DP during lunch... Seven plus hours later... Who doesn't love a little impromptu 2nd ACing.
<U+2668>There's never anything wrong with me that a little chocolate can't fix.
Thanks for following. Keep up the good work on ! Solidarity!
lets see how this day goes !!!
haha, its fine.
worried about the injuries piling up given the short schedule we're faced with. it's just like last year. WTF!
thanks for the follow
You are now marketing to an audience with an audience of audiences says at
I look forward to it!
naw Im not gone make it...I'm still n atl
i miss you too baby mama!
lol hi i still exist.
One week until our next salsa class begins in Arlington, VA on 3/13.
Is a lap dance at a strip club considered cheating??
your so beautiful, love ya!
Yall need to get rid of the fake ass faulty Connects.....its reflects
Strongly starting to suspect that Japanese matcha green tea and wheatgrass powder are the same thing.
Is this at odds with fostering ambition of a child to find what they want for THEMSELVES? Not the collective?
studies show that giving birth has the same pain content as fracturing 47 bones at the same time
I've had bad experiences with them before though. Still, pay peanuts, get monkeys.
Ah we will all get used to it just like we have all the other changes....
Should be fine. Looking forward,
Heh. Thank you!
Studying for Spanish:/
CHECK OUT THE MUSIC
Love is a verb. ~ R. Buckminster Fuller
#10ThingsIFindAttractive Good style.
Drove four hours southeast today to Bend, for my first glimpse of Oregon east of the Cascades.
Ah ha. I didn't know that. Smart move.
Don't be nasty all your life!!
#Humpday already? I'll take it! And that's what you should say every time you hear about $1 #Bartab drinks!! Why pay for over priced drinks?
Good advice. Clock's ticking on "The Brink's Job", too.
When your dad is on a conference call in the car and you can't talk <
lmao of course, coming from someone who's daddy owns one. One day isn't gonna put you under the poverty line buddy.
No matter what you're going through in life, there's always some1 doing worse than you. So be grateful for WHAT you have and WHO you have.
lmao welcome bestfriend And luv ya too and wanna do a business together ?
ok I think its safe to say you're limp
“: Mario Williams' deal in Buffalo: six years, up to $100 million, including $50 million guaranteed.”
is that your first show? I want to listen, forgot what time though.
im the only person who can get lost with a gps and then find my way without once it dies.
Follow us back? We love what you guys do!! Keep up the good work!!
thanks for the ff :)
I can relate to this, my husb is a univ prof. The system 4 selecting/forcing chair appts ripe 4 reinvention. wp.me/p1xS1Q-u
Time for #Yankees Baseball on this beautiful Saturday afternoon! Enjoy the game my friends, and let's make it a good one - Go #Bartolo!
sweet. Would love to swap Vim knowledge some day. It's always interesting to see how other people use it.
Perfection! See you Monday
I wanna do something ASAP!
It sucks starting from scratch, but its all with it in the end.
So sad. RIP Adam Yauch
just gave a truly inspirational interview on NFL Live, not about sports but about life n what it means to live a fulfilled life.
I knew I wasn't imagining things.
closer to 1mill
RT : RT : Never forget to write Thank You cards. Most people do forget, the small gesture will make you...
“: Come home and get put right to work cuttin the grass” yup
Thought I was bringing "a few" plants from my garden to GardenMart sale on Sat but done labeling and used whole pack of 50 sticks!
o ull be outta there quik fast and in a hurry
Thanks for the follow. Have you checked out our fb fan page yet?
Will Sexton now in the Jackson Room.
TODAY! RT : Do your hips/ knees hurt from running? FREE clinic with Dr. Maiers Fishers location 5-6:30pm.
It's been gone for so long I kinda lost interest for a while too, I just hope it's worth the wait!
I'm not supposed to miss you, but i do <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Early childhood gave me a baby
Most adults don't do this, yo MT : I would love if people could just tell me "hey I don't like when you..." like young adults
Hey, that's actually a good plan. I'm going after my monthly report with it now.
Jeanna, thank you for following. I am sending you a direct message.
Be sure to try some of MagicHat`s other varieties. #9 is on my "list" too.
I've been getting math help elsewhere since he isn't helping!
Surround video content on your pages with keyword rich text
its like 5+ new joints
black and silver, black and silver, black and silver
Idk what it is, but I love some Method Man... ;)
This is my new favorite picture of you of ALL TIME.
I think we should move out of state.
Thank you! And I'm so sorry I didn't make it on your show!! Another time?? SORRY!
I am so happy to be back in New Orleans! No other city like it. Now this is home... Love my city bayyyybay!
What symbol does Katniss wear in the arena?
Pursue perfection, but remember it's a long journey.
#positivityproject waking up to my two cats curled at my feet in the morning
I'll co-host with Craig. We will defile the SEC
Glad you're excited! We are, too! Thanks for helping get the word out!
thx u so much! you too! I am going to try & not panic during basketball tonight. really. I is! :)
how much for the beats
yeah, it was. Place was swank. Free food. Free drinks. Free mayor. :)
Fam, what do you have planned for the upcoming birthday??
You'd think the guy at the Rosetta Stone kiosk could speak English at least.
Is it weird when I guy looks just like his mother? Because I really do
whenever I'm done with school already:)
. Let's have a knock down drag out rock and roll party in the streets!
its all good lol but yeah its not me
No girl sucks dick but somehow everybody’s getting head. Dudes fuck "bad bitches" but somehow ugly bitches getting pregnant
See Catherine Breillat's The Sleeping Beauty. Skip the interminable mumblecore piece Green.
Oh boy someone went swimming with his smart phone!! Any guesses??
I'd never thought about that, but now that you mention it...
Hey all, follow my new band on Twitter!
yes still here :)
Congratulations! You've won our family 4 pack to our Family Day this Sunday in New York City. we will dm with details :)
Big girls don't cry! #dirtydancing is on abc family. are you watching?
Thinking about real estate video topics for tomorrows #revideo chat....
Thoughts feel disconnected, clouded, disoriented. More prone to depression and negative thinking.
Im gonna say we're close to FWB :p
#askjamie How can you make a nice tender steak on the stove top?
Wonderful! Thank you.
Come & put your name on it<U+E34B>
Cruising back to #Chicago ! Wedding was a blast in #Indiana but time for a #cubs game!
a perfect day for Anchor Bar wings, I reckon.
Colleagues asked how realistically I was going to re-create those escapades... My historical accuracy doesn't goes that far.
lol. Yes I am haha :D its lunch then pd6 then end haha
This book is not to be tossed aside lightly. It is to be thrown with great force.-- Dorothy Parker
"Pray! Only powerful non-violent movements can topple those giants who still think they're too big to fail." ~ Solomon #OWS #99%
At "Teaching Intro to Digital Humanities" session
I need to be extra obedient till then
you should tweet me so I could cry and be a happy girl (:
Nice picture, beautiful people, great occasion!!!
maybe the chowder heads won't make the trip to Camden Yards this year?
Haha! : Phone call with a vendor and he asks me to slow down. I'm talking too fast? That's probably a first for this Southern gal.
Nice. Hope you enjoy the city.
I search on it apparently the msg seems to be getting around ppl's acct. Watch out!
Dear : your 900 number for night parking is not working. we have called 6 times. pls make sure it works if u want us to call in
mir(ror)ed
thanks for the R
Hitting the library hard today... Aka teaching myself almost a semester of work #welcometomylife #noworries I will surely pass Everything!
I grew up in eastern NC, so was often between Wilmington & Raleigh areas. (I have a bunch of old flyers from Greenville @ FB)
except for tumeric I'm doing fine ;)
I live in Va beach Virginia but work for a few companies in Dallas TX doing social media marketing. What kind of collectibles?
Thanks for the mention Kira!
Just got back from seeing Harry Potter. Not bad. Very good for so little action.
We're booked for secret live shows until July.
1st panel #acmYMS foundation perspective w/ & Comcast Project Open Voice
If Eurpoe uses euros shouldn't Africa use Afros?
Im so tired and hungry.
School buses to the rescue for car-less senior citizens
hope you are all right Miguel. :-(
o.O
Any bands in San Francisco we can hop on a bill with on June 17?
Why no voice? :( Just tryna wrap up all these projects! Will be done deal by 14th :) take a lil break + 3 classes in Summer
rhetorical question. Just for that, tomorrow I will tweet about 11:11 and one direction and mention you in ALL of them.
My bliss was writing and making films. Unfortunately, I appear to be on the brink of homelessness.
For tonight wrote her own. I don't have access to them. Sorry.
Lucroy trending after 5 minutes classic.
Riding around and getting it
Lying in the park listening to augustana and doing homework with Julia and my little brother. Life is good.
came in my room last night asking me where stuff at...if she wasnt my favorite iWould have told her some
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS #TEAM FOLLOW BACK #INSTANT FOLLOW BACK #TEAMAUTOFOLLOW #500ADAY #TFB #100ADAY X3
wow this is crazy
now dying half of my hair blonde . . . .
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS... LMAO #RETWEET #FOLLOWBACK POW!!! 0
I am gonna walk to the faculty meeting. I have a lot of feeling about a lot of things today and a walk seems in order.
How old is he now?
Nice. The only reason I got out of bed this morning was the thought of riding a pony head on a stick around 'Stallis at 5 PM
wade got kobeitis
I send you a handwritten note via UPS, and you reply on twitter?!?!
2007 Monte Carlo
There's never a time that "Carolina in my Mind" doesn't warm my soul. James Taylor, you sir are a certified bad ass.
10 minutes late and can't get in the session. The walk to the Sheraton was brutal! Grr.
“: MENstruation, MENopause, MENtal breakdowns, see? most of women's problems begins with men" <woMEN can't spell that without MEN
Bernanke speaks of global recovery issues. Recovery from what?
Sure does! Thanks for the empathy!
yea I am a long time Photoshop user, but like the Vector controls in Illustrator, but then Fireworks sounds appealing for a mix.
so my real worry about the Skype Facebook think is when I work from home in my jamies.
Too huggy? What does that even mean?
kick some modern rock ass! You're a natural. Let me know how it goes.
Oh so you claim to have swag? I bet that'll look great on welfare applications
you two should certainly connect re:the benefits of workplace yoga. Karen (aka Phyzz Yoga rockstar) is a pro!
Topic: known as the oldest profession in life, although morally wrong in the US, why does hookers & whores remain so popular? 9pm LATalkLive
Whatever you fear most has no power - it is your fear that has the power.
Realized Pres and + 1st Lady at new Lanford Wilson play, that's 3 major Bway prod with all African America cast in 2 years!
heyCheryl.. U ever hear of an educator for Meterology named Dennis Lambert
Welcome as the newest Educare school on Twitter. Follow them for updates on the first Educare built in a suburban community.
Pretty sure i failed the csn final
KARMA IS A BITCH
Currently having my ratchet hour and listening to my twerking playlist lmao yes I have a twerking playlist
today has been a great day to say the least!
Networking will take u far in life a bad attitude and hate will not
Last night was insane.
Oh I did? I couldn't remember if I sent one already. Thank you! :)
Keeping my eye on today is about all I'm capable of. And today, I think I'll go for a run. -- John Bingham
What is your leadership style? Does it reflect your values?
Damn I miss him :(
which is why a mercenary like Mourinho will never be loved regardless the # of trophies.
RT : Terrible call. DeJesus was knocked off 2nd by Beckham.
I really like watching the Grizzlies play when they're on their game. Just a good, young athletic team
Triple double watch for Rondo: 7 points, 10 rebounds, 15 assists.
Man im hungry as fck but i just dnt feel lik buyn nun
sorry had to find socks
Had a great day! Awesome weather, hope you all had a chance here in VA to enjoy it. :)
Ness: how to save $100,000? "Cut administrative pay."
my college experience was at least 61.8% moon bounce.
I'm never going to be happy again.
he said I had pretty hair. when it's long it's pretty when it's short I'm sir.
I miss austreams :'(
Don't let the mistakes and disappointments of the past control and direct your future. - Zig Ziglar
told me that "everyone" is moving to LA. MY REPSPONSE: None of these bitches can fade me! They need to #Fallback and stay put!
:'( It hurts me so much that she hates me. :'( I am so depressed without her. I didn't mean for this to happen.
Such an awesome time in Seattle with my family. Good food, good friends, good times!
we do acoustic covers of songs by ~A Perfect Circle~. we make random lyrical references and comments about, um, whatever we feel like. haha
Why are we taking up another bill that does nothing to get our friends and neighbors back to work?
Jethro will be at the Brooker Baits Leesburg Fl.Grand opening Saturday Dec 10th. Come on bye!
Damn this office is freezing.
".. I like to watch police beat people." Lol.
you must be a rich, pretentious, prick.....
How would public school be if the was offered every morning like Channel One was with back in the day
thanks for following.
England's Dreaming by Cornershop is awesome...
#nowplaying Chemical Love- Charlie McDonnell; This Is Me album. Gosh, he's pretty sexy. :3 -Katy
I'm in desperate need...
sorry to hit so close to home ; )
Hope I'm in a better mood today then I was yesterday.
Real fathers always support, listen and protect for a lifetime. #Agoodman is not always hard to find.
Taxes. RT : Show Q: What do you procrastinate on?
oh my gosh,hi.We haven't talked in forever.I miss you replying to the dumb things I tweeted you c:
People are agreeing with Bob Lonsberry, what has the world come to?
Going to play some 2v2 volleyball now. Who's in?
Interesting! Did you read Tweak yet? I wonder what they would think of that
ha...awesome. thanks!
RT : #LastThursday on! 7pm Hat Slam in lot across street from RR, then performance from Night Flight Aerial on suspended wire!
see my Passions by K page on FB. I have beautiful accessories at affordable prices. I would really appreciate it if u could RT
Pshhh...; I don't have #tigerblood, I gots me some
Another reason volunteers are awesome RT : 2/3 volunteers give financially to the org they serve.
Touche my friend, touche RT : what designer don't u like? :-)
i loved your new tatoo !
NOT - Freeze Me (Freestyle) offical video ......... whats up another joint
Stand up guys! Not #TwitterOutcast RT ": Thanks man. About to walk on stage. I'll try to fill you in ltr."
It's Friday.. I ain't got no job...... I ain't got shit to do!
if by cruise you mean renting a small sailing yacht and cruising the Greek isles for a week, I'm in.
have you thought of so you can start making custom cereal a reality?
Sorry my ass lol i was jokin wit him smh ;(
I get lonely sometimes -.-
please follow us! it would mean the world to us! :)
Heart Breaking watching people let their power go.. But it all comes together when the child grows....
happy mamas day
time to get up and go get it you know WE don't sleep!!!!
The pollen trees happen to be all lined up around my office....
I love it when Boys of Summer comes on. That's my favoritest song ever.
presentation went very well. Good Q & A after, and lots of good discussion
Texas I couldn't live here
What does a Title I school do if it is not included on either of the 3 lists in the Governor's reform plan? Was this an oversight?
You are quite welcome. Thanks for being a fan!
which gal can bubble
No mam, we don't!
Morning everyone!
excuse my typo loner freak
In the process of creating new paint blends from #recycled paint!!!!! Stay tuned for the colors that we come up with!!!
No sweat, somebody's gotta do it RT : To all the gatekeepers in this world - I send gratitude
my thought is: FUCK YA! Amazing performers for late night :)
Let's go make some noise in the studio!!!
When I am constantly running there is no time for being. When there is no time for being there is no time for listening. -Madeleine L'Engle
Chuck Colson dead. But his spirit lives on. Jesus embracing, gay hating evolution denial, or Nixon henchman. I'll pass on both.
It's my life. I can #rage if I want to.
The Rat Pack is on the Wonder Pets and they are in fact actual rats. Awesome sauce.
Today's banquet of good tunes will soon include
I'm in Shepardstown, WV. Seeing my Tamara do her thing on stage in a new play by Tracey Thorne. It's a really good piece. Check It out! CATF
My life was built around the music i make listen and u will know me better.
r u watching whats on #MoviePlex right now
You've got great metaphors and much passion for your subject in your poems.
¦ So pitchers have one bigger arm? I mean, it makes sense, I just never thought about it.
i have a lot of homework to do also... but im going to do it tomarw. awh im soryy ):
Just got home from work! Goodnight World
We do stock many transmission parts. If we don't have what you need we can get it. Most parts overnight.
for sure! I have a bridal shower next weekend.. Are we having a band this year?!
yes they are! Lol. Who thinks of stuffing a pillow with your hair?!
Who wants to text me highlights of the game while I'm en route to 's place to watch the Lakers game from his purple couch?
In regards to the big pot bust in Fairport, anyone ever have a dope deal go bad? 222-6000
It just wouldn't be comfortable to wear that on a horse.
My husband would love to go, I'm sure.
Using the word synergy in your press release guarantees that I will a) hate you b) not take you seriously and c) make fun of you on Twitter.
This is why I'm tired of going after guys.
S/O to Linden J. & Felicia Fefe R. welcome to the family!
Sometimes the littlest things in life are the hardest to take. You can sit on a mountain more comfortably than on a tack.
oh nice! So do you song write or produce? Or both? Lol
Not in favor of the double steal attempt there. Letting #Cook off the hook.
#smh she got no home. She live on those streets white trash style.
For we are to God the pleasing aroma of Christ among those whoare being saved & those who are perishing. 2cor 2:15
Burning a tropical guava candle. Smells like summer. <3
QOTD: Yeah but the future is so five years ago.
are you at gdc?
“: Parents with young kids: Buy anything that Mo Willems writes.” // I agree
i can relate to sleeping with sirens lyrics! C: thats why i freakin love them!! and kellin"s voice is oh so cute C: <3
My mom is tthe best, she is going to go pick up my dad even though she hates him sso he can come to my graduation. She's the best. <3 :')
Just wanna say , the mashup for #TTYLXOX and something to dance for on DC is absoulutley the coolest thing ever!! <3
I wish my nephew would stop wrestling wit my niece. She aint no dude.
No, I Love YOU!!! I Love you like I Love BsB. It's true. I mean it. From the bottom of my Heart.
AH! It's the first time I have heard 's What Makes You Beautiful somewhere other than youtube a.k.a. sirius. #TooExcited lol
Yes, been worried ever since hearing of GoogleHealth. This is something that should stay with gov'ts or non-profit coalitions.
i feel ya thats how i feel every mornin
Thanks, my Wife and I will be in NYC from May 20th to May 23 to visit my Brother in SOHO and celebrate my Bday.
I want to run away with you. Actually, that's not true. I want to walk away with you. Running sucks.
No, tomorrow's regular gym.
Canon claims 5D Mk I light leak doesn’t affect images, offers free camera inspections
Omg so i was gonna tweet "I can sneak someone in,who wants to come over" and send it to my dad o: I ran into his room & deleted the message.
#10ThingsIFindAttractive A guy that respects his girl :-)
oh you know, just gettin my back rubbed. You jelly?
I would like to know the results of this homestead thing myself...
sexy hot bro, need help drying off!!
New relationships are productivity vortexes. Criminy.
Oh! I was talking about the one at the Pgh Zoo! Didn't know there was another one! Thanks!
new invention; invisibility cloak. However, I don't think the Klingons are very interested at this time; needs some work.
Memphis head basketball coach, Josh Pastner, is a Kingwood HS grad. The Tigers won the ConferenceUSA title today.
even a plastic cup. that's cute.
Cool. Let us know how it goes and what we can improve on. We're not #perfect, yet. As an aff. marketer, you have mad skills
but which one of u vag's has IU beating UK?
You are the only person on earth who can use your ability. -- Zig Ziglar
the pitchers can hit too! The offense of the future looks like this 1desmond 2werth 3 Zimmerman 4 laroche 5 morse 6 Harper
Its going down Saturday night #Juneau !! #word2thewize5 co-hosted by main event vs.
why dont you answer your phone ?
It would be nice if I put the date on the food drive huh!? It will be the 28th @ The Launchpad! 8pm! Come hang out! 6 bands!
Kentucky is the only program to have 5 different head coaches win a national title. (Rupp, Hall, Pitino, Smith, Calipari)
The Purdue COT at the ATC is the ONLY place to get CTI certified for a degree in Air Traffic Control in Indianapolis!
mfw my internet completely evaporates just as I deliver the death blow to some #zerg guy.
get in my belly now.
Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck for The Night of Notables. Soon to be Joined by The Zingaro and Make My Lunch. New Covenent Church.
Ha ha ha!! Ok tweet something good! Would like to thank Amy Nicole... his one follower! :-)
Got tired of counting our money.
your welcome :)
We'll be posting our FRIDAY OUTFT shortly! Who's ready for the weekend?? We're making sure all of our TIKIDOLLS ARE!! Whoo! :)
Don't forget those are photos of another condo to give a floor plan. Fixtures and everything likely nicer.
I can get +122 jam
RT A tired Milwaukee squad falls at Western Michigan, 72-61. Loss drops #HLMBB to 12-11 versus the MAC this year.
Just checked my fb and my cousin got pics sent to her on fb of some black guy. Did not want to see what showed up
Wow that is dedication but so great too. Busy is always good. I'm just getting back to blogging after a yr at this new job
I shouldn't laugh; that was probably horrible to clean up. :(
I saw him perform with The Chimeras after he was out of The Gin Blossoms. Sad story.
Haha I guess it could use some improvement.
yay! babe's interview went awesome <U+2665>
Try oxyclean. It's magic. Serious
i wish u and your family well and god bless
Good Luck! You'll do great!! :)
The only reason YOU get away w/ur dating advice is cause you are YOU. Never stick your tongue down a girl's throat that far! Lol.
I smell a storm brewin.
My curating class is developing a social media-centered exhibit -we're looking fwd to following #musesocial this wk!
Quotes from clients along the way "you both have made a difference in my fitness workout due to your inspiration and talent"
": I see u AP! #follow" World domination has begun...I'm just saying....
RT : #linc starts with the Cal Berkley Glee Club singing on stage - yes! That's the way to start a conference. | Go Bear!
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 23
Dude. Let it go.
I was beginning to worry...
Eva: "What is this music, Daddy?" Me: "It's the new Andrew Bird." Eva: "Angry Birds?"
well - I'm still jealous :). Have fun
you should probably bring that puppy back to KC.. I'm a great dog sitter!
Lunch meeting today with an existing client about expanding services... We love growing with organizations. ~Nxt
check the squash trio & the pumpkin mini + portobello flatbread n more
Morgan looked extremely uncomfortable at the plate, didn't he?
Sorry bout the Boys. Woulda loved to see the Patriots go down. But that's the Bills fan in me talking... :P
Opps. I got that from someone else on Twitter who got it from today's
help me find out where he iss!! I want to meet him soo bad!! But it's so hard to stalk him!! Lmaoo
Amunson I don't want you to touch the ball at all...plz!
If only got left in Jamaica...lol drive the car around
text me
": #TwoThingsThatDontMix Men & Promises."
as always, Thanks Lee.
Let's see how long he lasts...
Don't spit on your options if you don't like the ways things are right now. Excessive yes-buts can do you damage.
My grandma just had a birthday and shes still super healthy and aware.
I notice
75 degrees and sunny all day in LA! It's bike riding day!
Result was, people in Guam learned to emulate SANDAG. People of NC need to decide if that's what they want their mayor doing.
Player of the Year Anthony Davis from Kentucky best stats in a final four game since 1988...Louisville didn't stand a chance
I want to go to Indonesia so bad! It sounds/looks so beautiful! :D
rage is in order for this weekend!
This steak & cheese is right
Nice one! How about "Super 8?" only missing the "1/2" but it's not the size that matters, right?.....RIGHT?! (j/k)
MAD MEN just keeps getting better! (Sung to the theme of QUEER EYE FOR THE STRAIGHT GUY)
How can we improve on the content? We want to hear your suggestions.
Meh. A friend of mine broke his tooth on a sandwich.
“: Letting him know he's daddy during sex >>>”get to freaky ass off my tl
I'm on Skype! who want to chat?
damn that sounds amazing.
I saw no dragon tattoo on that girl
MENA!!! How was swim practice?
thanks for the follow, lovely! xox
The Silk Tie likes Thayvi!
A lil biased here, but Cincy Brass at Friday at 930 is a can't miss and free!
My office is across from a park. Watching all these people sunbathing while working helps me to know the traditional office is dead! dv.co
the hooch was fermented pineapple(rinds and all) piloncillo sugar,cinnamon,clove and water. Ferment and add beer for kick.
hm. Can u gimme ur picture?. Just wanna see
all my strugglin', all it does is keep me hustlin'
That awkward moment when u look at the girl beside u in the club and realize her dress is just as tight as ur pants!
i followed you, but you're not following me! x
When someone tells you to text them and you do, and they don't text back........ -__-
#ASTD2012 Level 5 leaders strive to be one fad behind
Have fun finding that RT : I can pick up thor's sword...
I braid my hair and it comes out even straighter than before once I take it out .-.
It's ALA Banned Books Week: “Where they burn books, they will ultimately burn people.” Heinrich Heine (in his 1821 play "Almansor")
Mom: stella I'm fat but I refuse to eat apples ! Lmao she's soo cute
Whoah, I was just thinking the same thing. Super excited that is following !!!
Good seeing the homie Luke Austin and last night
"The woods are lovely, dark and deep." -- Robert Frost
LOVE that book!
where tf did you get penis from?:o
Thanks for the add
One work week to get through and then VEGAS FOR 2012 with and more!
you need your account
haha that's the best thing ever. Thanks for your continued support! Slam dunk the funk!
literally ruined my morning....but that was the intent,no?
I can see us together on top. <U+263A>
Arguing who was better...modern day Cash Money vs G-Unit
RT : Metta World Peace returns to the Lakers for Game 7, and what should they expect? - Yahoo! Sports (blog)...
I don't need asking
Where has that killer instinct gone from Lester?
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
that moment when you realize all the bullshit you put up with is actually paying off. I love that moment.
gym or laundry? why is the world full of unbearable choices?
“: RT : Sorry, Leo. You're unreal, but Xavi is the best player in the world. << Here, here.”- seconded
Yeah me too, who am I kidding
LITERALLY DOING LAPS. LETS GO. CANT STOP WONT STOP. RANGERS. THIS OUR TIME. OUR YEAR. BEAT NEW JERSEY.
Am I? Padres are worst in the league in swinging at pitches out of the zone. Amongst worst in p/pa & several others key metrics
At my friends house we are having so much fun!!!!!!!!( Hayley's )
Thank you Dahlin! :) What are you working on lately.
call it a curse, or just call me blessed. if you can't handle my worst. you ain't getting my best.
Reason #3 for running an #Environmental Risk Summary Report. You find out if your #loan may be delayed! Reccheck.com
Workout with me for Proven Results. Ask and of
So is Nunez fucking up again? I'm not watching the game right now. He's blown so many leads with his horrible defense!
Heads up for anyone interested: UK - Florida replay coming up at 10:00 pm on CBSSN channel 158 on DishNetwork (hopefully in HD)
Fuck what you heard ;*
howdy :) be sure to notice our bluebonnets - they recently started blooming. they turn long boring drives into fun :)
Aww, thanks. You're are the best.
It's so damn depressing that you even had to cast that vote.
Craziness in Culver City...headed to the Pubhouse, Dresden, Domination in Los Feliz... Join the Madness!!
I'm too practical. I factor in how often I could get there and enviro footprint. Curaçao? No...Georgian Bay. Ibiza?
As if I wasn't obsessed enough washing my hands all the time before. Now I wash them even more because of my puppy.
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local concerts.
thanks for the RT and getting the word out!
make that two times!
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe when u lie to my faces n I knw ur ass lien to me
Some mcdonalds worker followed me out of mcdonalds today ,...
Great to meet you at Luster Pearl this week. Looking forward to chatting again soon in Boulder. Cheers!
Even though women earn only 10% of all the worlds income, they invest 90% of it back into the community.
read the story this morning..loved it! nice to see people making a difference
heh! My daughter would love this
With my FAVORITE #rolemodel #inspiration #champion ...just got to get her sharing her humor & genius on twitter
Receiving spam emails from names like Adalberto and Augustine make me believe that spammers are just appealing to my inner medievalist.
hey guys. We are sponsoring bus trips up there
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned. --Buddha
thank you :))
Just got an alarm for the trash. Watch out
Another crazy #Easter done!
haha! I'm with you there. I did try some from alien skin that I liked. Mostly because I miss my old slide film.
“: Why create lists? Sort strategic audiences, compliment your public lists participants #amasalunch” do you have lists?
red bull won't, but fruit consumption will! :) MISS YOU
Why am I reading fashion reddit and why do they keep suggesting empire waists like the goal is to look like Elizabeth Bennet/pregnant.
both pitchers running up a No-D each! Go !!!
RIP Taylor Swift? really? wow
yeah ok ma
Feeling like I have been slacking lately and not working as much as I normally do.
1st time I saw them live was on the Check Your Head tour.The show was so insane, people were doing flips off other peoples shoulders
I make a lot of dead dad jokes and I worry that this may be offensive to some. But, having lost my dad, it's how I cope.
“: Sigh !!!”feel same way
you spending time with your mom?
You mean that didn't happen when he signed on to do "The Voice"?
About to get my haircut
A boring, boring artist...
New premium tea line in my head. Prepare to be blown away by something that's good for you.
I don't even like talking on the phone. Unless your my parents, contacting me for school or shows, or a business partner, don't call me.
RIP Donna Summer :-(
I like Roenicke but is he too soft on these guys? The best managers are demanding & they switch things up when they clearly aren't working.
why you didnt tell me you was over there smh im slick mad now
Surround yourself with progress!
you taking Jet?
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet
package came in the mail son !
happy Valentines Day!! Do you celebrate in Nepal?
The New Website is LIVE!!! Check it out: www.21daypurificationprogram.com And...I'd love to know your thoughts on it...
ALRIGHT ALRIGHT ALRIGHT Lol
you and me together, we can make it better...
In an interview with ABC News, President Obama said today: "I think same-sex couples should be able to get married."
In Life You Always Win & Lose... But It's The Experience, Wisdom, Knowledge That You Gain Forever.
What film idea would be perfect for YOU to make? Could you star in it? What WOW settings are in your area?
14 months past Stage II diagnosis. Surviving & thriving!
It was great talking to you today! See you in July!
Awesomeness -- happy to help!
awe, thank you(:
Yes(: Were having a barbecue/pool party for my mom!! <3 its gonna be a blastxD
thanks for stopping in Liz! Hugs!
Liking Baylors uniforms
there's more coming in April along with a new Proprietor's Reserve beer: Wookey Jack, a black rye ipa...§ucaba comes in next!
Interesting case study of user-centered design #ucd for local Austin Energy company
Penn State presentation at #iappsummit refers to "silo of squirrels" to refer to distributed nature of academic environments
One would think Weeks could at least make contact with an off speed pitch by now.
Just got a confirmation that i will be playing at the F.A.M.E. event on August 3rd. More details soon.
Got me a new haircut and highlight yesterday . Feels awesome after long thick hair. I'm a new woman! :)
WOW, #ENTOURAGE WRITER DOUG ELLIN ALSO WROTE (1996) 'PHAT BEACH'. LONG WAY.
Did you know love has no definition....
Sometimes you struggle so hard to feed your family one way, you forget to feed them the other way, with spiritual nourishment.
I don't care what the world knows about me... just as long as my parents never finds out!
I'm not touching that. ;-)
now that issues like that r insta-sharable & spread like wildfire, maybe ppl r thinking twice? would b good 2 compare states
Robo dwarfs - a true manly pet.
Happy birthday!
Why were u keeping beer in the fridge?
Don't say you hate the reference from the Buddha and St. Augustin. I've seen you. You quote Coldplay.
-- you're funny! Can't wait to see your report
mention or add wveyone for $$$$$
Its hard when someone special ignores you. Its harder pretending that you just don't care.
lmao Mrs. Fentress yelled at us for painting our nails :( I put on 1... lol
Man....... What a loss!!! Lobos have done a great job this season.... We almost had em! Much love to our Lobos!!!!
The only tailgate in America playing She's so High...
Yay to 80 degree weather Boo to school.
Im in walmart in jersey and I just thought about the video vinny made lolololol maybe he's here LOL WUT?!? I wish
Please don't dress like a slut unless you're really a slut. It's very confusing to us guys.
Indianapolis Colts Expects to Sign Luck Soon
Saw a plane crashed in the town my ex lives in. First thought was "Damn...hope it hit her." Am I going to hell? (My vote: no.)
RT : Patience is the key that unlocks all situations that seem impossible.
Friday ends kinda blah. I think by the end of the week my brain is torched.
Hello American?
Apple makes record profit - Dayton Daily News
Kunite was a battle between me and this other girl for first! The fight was fierce! I kicked her to the head...
how about the gift of a new hobby! :P
Thanks for the follow, Kathy!! Merry merry Christmas!!
I guess Kony 2012 is the hipster cause dujoir.
Whoever the bastard was that decided day light savings time was a genius plan, just know, the whole world hates your ass (especially me!)
Never. And I don't know many folks who do.
im bout to remake that song,just the hook part tho...
Awesome to hear talk about his passion, expertise. Professors don't get to share their work often enough.
Everyone walking over to American Philosophical Society for 2012 Haskins Prize Lecture.
someone should make a cover for a Pierce The Veil or Sleeping With Sirens song c:
I'm sorry I don't have any money, my friend bought me a has brown. XD -.-
Keep the faith and just keep moving forward
Harden you suck.
I am not giving away my #PinkWig LOL! #HappyWednesday xo!
thank you for all the work that you do.
RT : Tim Lott is about to take the stage with Jason Wood from in room #8 at the
Thanks for the #FF!
Well can't have a TV in my room this summer. Everytime we plus a TV in the circuit blows. Almost fried my 40 inch TV!
I love my element case it's a damn good investment to protect your phone
Getting ready to have lunch with my dear friends from Michigan who surprised me at my gig last night!
Unfortunately, the giveaway wrapped at 4 pm. But there will be two more in the very near future!
Women, how would you feel 'visiting' your children at their father's house every other weekend if your husband decided to divorce you?
Happy Networking Twitter! Follow UR Hollywood.Biz! We follow back!
Sure will - hopefully no crowdsurfing injuries in Pittsburgh
same here. Probably more of an American tradition...
Nice 2 see that Java FYI Coffee is on the table the boiler room shut down n time 2 catch #TMZ need finish Limbaugh 2nd book
had a great time speaking at Jefferson Middle School!
In 2010, I lost 3 people to #cancer, it was a hard year. I support & others
": Cool! is going to give $36K worth of Georgetown courses here at #usinno" (MN: but without the homework or tests!)
Oh, Arcade Fire was onstage, too. And Mumfords in the house.
Out of the hospital and headed to load up all the stuff. Cbus we on our way to
Belief is most of the battle - We believed in our idea - a family park where parents and children could have fun- together. - Walt Disney
Our health expert Becky will be hosting a 30 minute Twitter chat with the hash tag #ESHealthChat. Get in on the chat on April 6th at 6 p.m.
yay! Book club! ;)
had a great time at the rally today. best atmosphere on the mall since the inauguration!
“I want my children to have all the things I couldn't afford. Then I want to move in with them.” Phyllis Diller
PROCLAMATION CONSOLATION INTEGRATION VERIFICATION REVELATION ACCLAMATION WORLD SALVATION VIBRATION STIMULATION CONFIRMATION PEACE 4 WORLD
Last night's show at Home Resource was a blast! Thanks to Eve, Tamera, Katy and Lizzie!
Wet panties & moist sheets when they think of me.
Ok. I am so ready to move to Hew Haven. Like, right now. (Remind me of this tweet in January when I'm dying of hypothermia)
do you want like a sparkle one or a picture?
If you settle for less you always be lees.
When you least expect it imma be your worst nightmare :) GOOD #Luck#
Script for episode 3 is on lock!!! Just need to secure a location and shooting can begin!! thisdaysucks.net
YES. I love a warm butt.
You can only give yourself so many pep talks before you realize it's weird that you talk to yourself so much.
Tacos are two dollars. Tecate tall boys are two dollars. Vegetarian chili is delicious. Everything is rad. Come party!
yet still not scrapped... “: Bravo's new "Gallery Girls" reality show renamed "Modern Girls"”
Absolutely! My head is spinning with new ideas. Much appreciated.
i know yo' fake ass ain't saying shit. just sit in the fucking background flake ass
Re-reading Informing Innovation: Tracking Student Interest in Emerging Library Technologies at Ohio University (A Research Report).
I've learned that it's usually not what I think it is, that triggers me. We grow, we grow. Pretty amazing, this trait focus.
If you like girls basketball you should b at the potomac gym for this game.. Atmosphere is more intense than most playoff games
I'm volunteering. I'll see you there.
"He who breaks a resolution is a weakling; He who makes one is a fool." -F.M. Knowles. Happy New Year from Del Mar!
AMEN! RT : Don't be a woman that needs a man, be the woman a man needs.
YEAH! Isn't that awesome!?
no really, she's alive and well in jersey, it was a misprint
Lmao, are you hurt? “ First Oprah now desperate”
Major issues w/ the School's #Comcast internet service. #CustomerService is of no help. Hopefully can help resolve our issue.
Help us get to 400 followers! We're only 9 tweeps away! The more people know, the more people we're able to help.
Hi Cristina - Thanks for the follow. Great wallpaper.
When will we be able to purchase a "dreaming of you" pillowcase with jason segels face on it?
Cafe Lulu in Bay View is good or one of the Mexican restaurants on 5th. maybe a schnitzel at Turner Hall?
So lovely... the sun is shining on my porch. I'm starving... it just might a night to play hookey from table tennis... just maybe...
I'd update my blog, but I'm so tired that I could fall asleep right now at 8:40pm. You kids get off my lawn, ya hear?
HEY IMPROV ASYLUM! Let's get some #singleladyproblems going and get some people at our sneak preview on Feb 4th!
Chanting at #scotus - Los inmigrantes! Somos importantes! Arizona! We got your back!
lol You're scared of me boo boo! Soo shh :P
Imagine:Austin follows you on twitter then he dms you saying, "Hey, want to meet up sometime"
Movie recommendation is James Caan in "Misery"
Great. Thanks
"We. Do. Not. Have. People. Like. You. In. Our. Area" I saw an episode yesterday.
Love it! Sources: Bo Ryan has blocked the release of the NFL schedule
i seriously can't wait till i'm all done with this court shit, it's so damn annoying.
See....I told u that everybody is gonna want to hang w/ us. Even on twitter they come!!! LMAO
I Let the rain wash my worries away
Driving through Louisville at night during a power outage is strangely eerie. I do not like it, Sam I Am.
screw u
You could compare team totals as well as individuals. We need Pasetti to get on this.
On my roof with the moon eclipsing over the city skyline, lighted capitol, and early mountains.
Think about this, if they were for you why would they try and talk you out of your blessings for making you and your family better!?!
-____- im such an idiot.
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 28
I beat the pussy up, up, up, up, up, up, up..
Feel free to bask in my glow
#milwaukee Fun wood Fact: One acre of trees removes up to 2.6 tons of carbon dioxide each year.
hope you have enough strength to fly home Falcons
There are certain times when public opinion is the worst of all opinions. ~ Nicolas de Chamfort
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Hannah Simone, Milan Bertone, or Gugu Mbatha-Raw...I would willingly and happily accept any of the three as my mate for life.
Nothing is #impossible, the #word itself says 'I'm possible'! ~Audrey
In Europe, coffee was once paired with rebellious political movements.
Let's get dinner tonight?? 5:30? text me!
no, no. That is actually an old technique of mine
I sure hope so!
mp3 or CD?
oh my god this is so terrible. Racism racism everywhere..... wat.
Just got the key to my dorm room but no roommate yet....I hope she's not a lame
- #kloutforgood and should totally team up! where do we start?
Bering peer pressured to stay the night X_X
Watch the body tilt when you hit the head
"Gemini are extremely independent. They will not be pinned down by anyone or any rules." Yep that's my baby and I love her 4 it
We try to ask ourselves how we would want our pet treated.
You're with me when I'm up, then you quit me when I'm down. Oh well, wussup WORLD!
thanks mike nice to hear about your workout
Even before a word is on my tongue, behold, O Lord, you know it altogether. Psalm 139:4 <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Venture Capital and Jason Mendelson - Music Business Journal
Bruh, we was chillin tho RT That nap was a night ruin'er
Sure insomnia keep me up even though i have to be in 5 hours for work
MRI confirms #Hawks Smith has sprained knee, doubtful for Game 3
I agree with Madeleine - I think a web accessible version would most likely be sufficient for most people
Indeed! Nothin' better than winning with the 0.5 of a spread! Well, I suppose MegaMillions would be, but...
want some right now
I'm going to go rest on now, good night :) <U+2665>
That amazing moment when you type your homework on google and you found EXACTLY what you need.
Thanks for the shout out! <3
I love Red Mango! I always get pomegranate yogurt with pomegranate seeds & blackberries. What about you?
this needs to stop lol #Spring come on already ..
Anytime. Especially when it involves skiing squirrels.
need to get this 99 Grand Marq somewhere to get fixed.
guessing that's not the 3rd installment of the wahlberg/luda film
GOD Morning everyone!! If you are reading this please say hello!!
What we see depends mainly on what we look for. Keep smiling. #attitude #sales #business #faith #family #
no. it's manual. you have replace default.css with classic.css in the theme/styles/ directory
Basketball Is Dope Af Bruh. Thats My Fav Sport. Im Ready To Play My Sophomore Year. Imma Be Killin That Shit Like Goku Bro.
People who hate on stoners are no better than any other haters
Huh? Why is it bad that Obama likes Jon Stewart?
Hingham too? RT : RT : Both #mbta scenarios proposed include elimination of ferry services. Anyone take the ferry?
haha ikr?! I love my friends and im gonna miss them when i move to Washington state..... But at least its close to Canada :P
Be careful of what you wish for, you may just get it....
Today in #film #history, the Wizard of Oz debuts in 1939, starring Judy Garland at only age 16!
Were you as into Lego as I was as a kid? (And okay, I still think it's pretty cool).
We love your stuff. Buying LOTS for a party on Sat. Any chance we could score t-shirts for giveaways to revelers?
Who is going to win the Battle of The Cowl?
was that you who said hey to me? lol
and sit at school wahhh.
#idol Josua Ledet one of the best ever on AI.
Indeed. That much win will wear a person out.
! Pssst... this is new little venture. You should follow us and all the fun!
Lots of spectators in Lourdes
“Wherever the poetry of myth is interpreted as biography, history, or science, it is killed.” Joseph Campbell
he can be a little poop sometimes but that's ok because its his loss if he leaves me. I'm perfect. ;)
goddammit. that is not ok with me
Instagram link is down.
it's been a blast.
thanks so much!
I like people who shake other people up and make them feel uncomfortable. - Jim Morrison
That's exactly how I reacted in 1995 when I was diagnosed. Never heard of it before. My "trigger" was an abdominal surgery.
pretty much - happened to me all the time & I used to take it to Sony repair place in Georgetown-not sure if theyre still there
Hope all is wonderful!!!
You look so innocent!
Politics should stay out of the bedroom. People should be able to marry whomever they want. A blessing from Washington isn't necessary
yeah... that will never happen!
Watching my spanish Shows in mexico Hahaha I'm so glad I'm back cuz I'm tired of watching the same old novel as back at home (,=
PEOPLE ARE LAUGH SO HARD CAUSE THIS BITCH IS SO FUNNY
“: When a friend does something wrong, don't forget all the things they did right.” so true with professional colleagues too.
I'm so disgusted by the Old City beating. It is unbelievable.
It's hard to compete when there is no competition.
RT : - what a great day!
EAmets nah but for real ! Lmao two edible arrangements. Made up names on it . Even claimed one was from a patient -_- you are not young
just finished a week of focusing my mind,body and soul.
Aw. Feel better!
What was on the other towel. You are the funniest person I wish i knew personally. <3 ILY. Shout out to Evin!
Chillin Listen To Music Since It Is Still Rainin Outside... Tryin To C wat Ima gt Into Dis Weekend>>>
"if something's broke, fix it. dont throw it away" best advice ever.
If wins game 2, series goes to 15 minute minigame 3 immediately following.
THE #1 Thing People Do When #Drunk Is Have Sex Or Drunk Driving /Dizzy Walking
Good blog post. I prefer to post on or near the pub date whenever possible.
No problem :D
Thanks for the follow Randy... Ioved your blog, so relatable :-)
Will do :)
never followed u in the first place.....and I really don't care to....
the video from Lamar was beautiful !!!
isnt it rude that in interviews with 1D zayn isnt able to answer a lot of qs? its always liam talking -.- shut up and let the hottie talk:D
J.P Arencibia puts an end in sight as the Jays take their first lead of the game in the top of the 16th inning 7-4
Running at VolleyBall practice today, I hope it rains. ^.^
Great soundcheck for tonight, see you at all Paul Hall at 8! Don't forget to check in on #foursquare for merch specials.
When I'm a star, my film contacts will always stipulate that I'm allowed one scene where I cry to the song 'Perfect' by Pink
Has 9 programs to prepare for & 6.5 hours this week to get ready for the first 3. Tried working on them at the CR desk. Pfffft.
co-sign what the tall weather dude said. Thank you!!
Meanwhile, on #GameTheory front, word is the director, in need funding for postprod'n graphics, is prospecting for gold in NV
hey thanks for the follow and Ur really hot:)
Things going so well! We've written 2 songs, finished another, and arranged a fourth. So excited for all the progress!
Hiya Todd!! Thanks for following me on this little thing called Twitter! =) Have a nice night!
David stern should allow this trade to happen. The NBA owns New Orleans, but they don't own
what said is heteronormative not homophobic we often conflate the two
I saw a fat girl with a damn Guess shirt on so I approached her and said " 380lbs?"
um there is now guy
A skillful man reads his dreams for self-knowledge, yet not the details but the quality. Ralph Waldo Emerson
making popcorn reminds me of, popcorn machine :)
dewd yea it is!
haha its not that bad.
Haha, I think I got a headache trying to follow this. Like that Friends episode, "But does she know that you know that she knows?"
Don't let me get in my zone!
probably a hard one, Money because it's Mon thru Wed
That is what he is concerned with!!
Sitting here with hungover....Irish Breakfast and #PunchTopMillerLite got us again lol
BROADCAST ALERT: Ohio State at Miami just announced a 7:30pm kickoff. TV: ESPN.
Yes... we will be pouring #HopSlam on Monday. We love you too Cheers!
#PartyMemories Daniel Zwibel's house...R.I.P Dan i miss you so much bro, im coming to your grave soon to burn a phattie & take a sum shots
If u chase him in a black nightie, he'll have sex with you and then he'll run for the hills
im not i been stop and this is the first time i ironed my hair in years oh and guess what?!
Jess, not sure if you're following the Walker corruption probe but all of that happened while #RancidPubes was chair of
HIGHLY ETHICAL.
if my Klout score is a 75 will you follow me??
#iUsedToLikeYouBut U wasnt THE girl I thought U was !
Upgraded my iPad to iOS 5... loving the new 4-finger gestures. Such a small addition, but they make navigating the device so much more fluid
looking for Greg Oden highlites. looking. looking. i mean, he played 82 gm career, must be a FT airball sumthin/sumwhere. looking.
Black Jacques Halak!!!
Back on my grind fuck what them niggas holla
#Caps fans, let's have some fun. What was your "WTF" moment of the season? It can be anything. Discuss.
i missed u. how are u
You can even order online! It's amazing.
It's ok if you back it up with real chocolate on my doorstep. And I'll do the same, dear. :)
“: hey mama! How are you?”hello lady! How's u're injury, all better? I'm good--see u at Blogfest?
Microwave rice is still cooking right..?
We are looking for topic suggestions for #FAchat. What do you want to discuss with financial aid colleagues?
U may be smarter, better looking, and more talented than me but i bet im better at passing judgement on smart, attractive, talented people.
I'm not sure where that dot says I was... but I'm in Montana now... I love traveling but it will be good to go home soon :-)
will I be able to install paid apps I've brought in cydia for free again through your method?
I was at a Marianne Williamson lecture and she said it is best to forgive and forget. Cuz if u bring the memory back you are...
Trying to sleep at normal time so I can wake up for work ... In sure this won't last long ...
no need to cry, we'll be back next week!
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT!
O Lord, our Lord, how excellent is thy name in all the earth! who hast set thy glory above the heavens. Psalms 8:1 KJV
text me if you go lol
The only people who really worry about money are the very poor and the very rich.
What a pleasant surprise!! Happy New Year Gladys. All of the very best to you in 2012. Go Vikings.
oh I love a challenge- just signed up for a 5k in a week. I also just realized I can stash water in the stroller sweet!
I'm exhausted. I just got back from Illinois and it wasn't really a VACATION because I didn't get to relax, but oh well. Back on twitter! :)
Looking for home sweet home??? Call or stop in today 858.279.7410
Not to sound cocky But people #love me #Imthetruth xoxo-Rabbit
omg they are so mean
is reviewing the article that is going to make its way to the press shortly :-) Can't wait to share!
i cant wait until my acting dream come true im just going to wait cuz one day its coming
Two free blocks in a row
I just went on the biggest rant about sabrina cause my dad wanted to order from the homemade pizza company- which her family owns.
Wat happened to the tape?
Xavier just texted me ugh yes so happy. <333
pardon me if this is alame question but what's "twitter exchange"?
I'm down.
you sure did chick!!!!
hi I'm ur biggest fan I love you Sheldon <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Conscious Consumption..I dig it!
you always have a home here man, we luv ya
Nice! My sisters were born 23 and 24 years before me. I was a surprise ;).
Great photo!
Haha! Work'm like a charm too!! Really appreciate you aging along! : )
Breakfast on hawthorne with grammy.
its always good to be different cause it makes that one only you are, not follow like every one in the world does, be Glad :-D
How is that not game misconduct for boarding?
Nissan Canada announces winner of the &quot;Nissan Innovation Challenge&quot;
It was freakin hot at dance tonight, she had it on 80 degrees and i was already wearing a sweat shirt and yoga pants
.. 7 werent actually, but we will be by tomorrow
It's in April.. so not yet ;)
Is their really a specific time? Can't we drink coffee all day? Itd be a happier & more hyper world.
Southeast where u have to keep it steppin cuz is treacherous !!!
RT : You want to have fun this weekend? Just remember W.W.R.D. What Would Rihanna Do?- lol
Storage for the night. We weren't allowed w/in sight of the State House. We'll be back in an hour or two, stop by and say hello!
it's okay don't cry
It was just asking u if u'd like to b a part of an international list of #diastasis experts that I'm building on
Redemption ~ in the memory ~ of a summer soft night
The world has the habit of making room for the man whose words and actions show that he knows where he is going. -Napoleon Hill
And so it begins! Writing sessions for the new project! Stay tuned for more details!
Makin big moves today
whatever the price, the end result would be priceless.
I'd like to include En Vogue in this reunion too.
Thanks! Wow, great timing. :)
But not Dimon? Yknow, the boss. Nonsense. MT “: 3 top JPMorgan execs to resign over $2+ billion trading loss, sources say
Any skaters in the Gwinnett area, visit "fresh 2 deff" on pleasant hill. Wide variety of dope ass DGK decks, trucks, wheels, etc.
so. this guy wants me to go to edgefest with him. and he will pay for my ticket. ah. i feel so bad! :(
Thanks so much!
new screens up means tons of photos posted via bens #iphone & #android app daily! #dctech cc/
What’s that smell? It’s the freshly ground and roasted Indian spices. Coming soon , Klay Oven Kitchen!
Owen Benjamin is funny af nice stand up props my dude! Hahaha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Somebody has to go polish the stars, they're looking a little bit dull
I <3 Sunday night tv!
send me your email
miss you too my seester! Wish I could spend Easter with you & the fam:( have a great weekend!!!
Homeland Security warned state police that a recent Al Qaeda newsletter suggests terrorists ought to start fires in the American Southwest.
good morning. I'll be in ATL this week. I'd like to connect with you if possible.
nothing man fuck it
I'm thinking lunch already, what's for lunch #Indy? I'm thinking sounds good!
Thanks for the RT!!!
wow are you causing those stretch discoloration marks on that ass? Nice !
Hey, guys, has finished #fiftyshades so you don't have to! go check out her excellent tweets.
I'm a guy stuck in a girl's body. All these pussies needa grow some mothafuckin balls.
Women prefer men who have something tender about them - especially the legal kind
Coming today for #freelunchfriday? We're excited to host another cool #milwaukee meetup at our office today.
Tuna fish casserole is at least as real as corporate stock
Girl , he's nothing in my eyes . smh . ctfu . it's Like he cryin out for attention nd conversation im not in the mood for
I think I like college sports because they are low scoring but have high intensity.
Sorry I have been neglecting twitter! Haven't felt good! I did relize that I just might be a cougar...lol!
Has a fun conversation w/bassist Roy Cumming last nite on how both of us used to rehearse w/Chick in his Queens basement. What a blast!
today he was a beast
Snl needs to burn that last bit that Eli did!!!
I love the PR team at the office. No one else would discuss furries over lunch while stone-cold sober.
he's tested three times a week cause of his past different from others
Yes, Perry is moving up & Santorum is on the way down.
I think the caller caught wind of your comments re Braun
what u up 2 this weekend. thers a strawberry festival at peddlers viallge wanna go w me?
Ain't no support in the midwest
Poor sick baby will not eat or sleep.
Got bank questions? Come to SMGW's SE Office today and "Meet the Banker" from 11am-12pm.
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness
yes just search up his pic on google images BUT HES SUCH A SEXY BEAST and merryl streep won best actress!!!:)
The journey is the reward. Chinese Proverbs
Heat, Bulls, Memphis, Thunder, Clippers, Lakers, Celtics, Spurs, Knicks, Magic, Mavericks, Jazz, 76ers, #RT If You See Your Team
A great group of people to represent the NACBM…how did I ever make it to the finals?
Stuck in traffic! :o(
real faith in Jesus is not the modus operandi in NYC so topical sermons about basics is actually a huge feat. There were very
lol, I've been stuck on the baseball game, but I've heard a lot of complaining so you are not alone
Tip #4. Participate in activities you enjoy. Always start with warm-ups to get the muscles going. This stops pulling a muscle
An important job opening: RT Position open at the YWCA for a Director of Sexual Violence and Support Services: bit.ly/j3pzWG
but secretly you just wanna see the pirates play
3rd theme park of the day. Time to experience Busch Gardens Howl-O-Scream!
Happy Wednesday Stinky Fans!!! The weather around here is BEAUTIFUL today, go out and enjoy it with some Stinky Gringo Margarita!!!
I want him to follow me
Havana is to die for too
kinda like ol four names Benjarvis green Ellis etc
baby steps toward success: at meeting on unrelated topic, prof gave props to our IR and suggested more faculty need to get their stuff there
older than that?
Hey Cory - You've got some great music! We're trying to get a hold of you, but can't find your e-mail. A little help?
LETS GET ICE CREAM!!!!!!!
OMG...that Scandal finale was off the chain!...
Like I like it, I'm just chilling.
How is it possible that I feel this way for you? I can't get over what we had. I can't accept that you've changed and moved on. I love you.<U+E022>
badass adventure club. : D
Thanks for all the RTs !
Great! Will do! :-D ENJOY THE RETURN OF RELAXATION!
Beautiful! Congrats to you and both!
Aw, shucks. it'll be a little less fun without you. :)
The beats are rockin, the drinks are flowing and the beautiful ladies are out!! Get down to The Fly!
Oh Okay
I really fall asleep while showering or doing normal things like brushing my teeth but once im in bed i cant sleep. The fuckkkk
I love Brooklyn.
I have to compile ours and vote this week. I suspect we have the same vendor.
I dont know whats more awkward, answering Dora, or sitting in silence while she stares at you...
love wine and cheese :)
In this life you do not know who is real friend & who is #FRENEMIE!
Words to live by I'd say.
Quick news: Apply for the Kinect Accelerator program - Microsoft Press - Site Home - MSDN Blogs
Gosh I wanna see the vow. #givesmegoosebumps #channingtatum <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
the movement is in full effect! It was the topic of discussion at Silk's barbershop this week.
Toothache is gone. Temporarily. lol.. Damn, maybe one more vodka cranberry. ;)
Why do people say beans beans the magical fruit when beans are vegetables?
reading a book on different #types of #poses for
Met Nancy Wilson (jazz Nancy W.) this weekend and watched her show . What a beautiful talented lady.
Hey Mike, whats up?I'm gonna come see you next time your in Miami playing the the Panthers. Been a long time,hope your doing well.
#maddow says she thinks Romney will pick Paul Ryan as his VP running mate
Love it! Thats the best episode!
Do any of you use twitter? If so we would love to follow you! Tell us your twitter name. We are "InfinitiDenver".
"Remember happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely on what you think." - Dale Carnegie
Hotel Foster, Bryant's and Palm Tavern.
One Direction Stole Our Hearts & they'll do it again with the #MORETHANTHIS music video (;
Candidates used to stay in the primary race just long enough to win their home state-now they dropout before to not be embarrassed. Ron Paul
last night's episode was great. Loved the soviet bar w/ bad service and communist speeches.
I've been through a lot, but I'm proud to say I still keep my head held high.(:
#sorry there can only be one me :p
. i would think the far right would want them to get married. No married dude ever gets head or anal.
even though I can bullshit 4 pages like no one's business, it doesn't mean I WANT to do it right now.
Would the Charlotte Bobcats be a top 25 team in the NCAA??
Im here and it f**king cold
hey babe
Good morning, Kevin ! :)
Watching The Hangover never gets old.
I want some soul food.
come over next week and cut my hair!
Watching the first episode of Ken Burn's National Parks with my son Sam.
and Google blows up with
Oh hey, I was referring a private/closed group - we have been meeting wkly for 2 yrs. - maybe you should start your own?
Apparently I'm 85-roasted beets for dinner and 10:30 pm Friday night bed time. Thank god I enjoyed my youth.
:D MT : New plan. Finish downloading 's section of kickstarter vid, edit it , upload it @ church.
just tel him. They really are miserable
Nice! I cant skate tranny at all haha.
Today has just not been a good day between us! :/ : I know!
guess I'll play some mass effect 3. Night, fellas.
Break a leg, !
I can't change my name thing that says neversaymichelle though (x
Its a rock n roll show. There was rock there was roll and that's all you need.
Hi! I enjoy your service, but I've heard reports from my contacts that you're spamming them. Is this standard practice?
I'm upset, I need someone to talk too.
Oh, I know. The story I wrote at the time gets into all of that...
Tonight the only place to bring in 2012 is at the club voted #1 Best Dance Club & #1 Best New Club!! The party is on tonight !
not saved
Dude, patent litigation. RT i've made three Black Swan references today and it's only 12:33.
we feel your pain....but "Games" are going to be so good!
I live like 20 mins away from the place where he was! aekughwoifhwoeHFKJSNHHSOGHohwr PISSED. BEYOND PISSED.
follow back ! s w a g
Bad behavior is calling my name...should I answer?
cant believe we knoww who nicks gf is !
Holiday Coverage - yes please! More companies are using contractors/temps to cover holidays instead of perm staff. Lower costs and higher r…
nothing is going on with me I'm just being me
He's sexy and he follows back! So follow him now!! (:
13 hours of sleep later
have a blessed day, filled with rational decisions and productivity ;)
": An average teenager spends more time on Facebook in 1 week than they'll spend with a doctor in the next 18 yrs."
Glad to host! RT : #thinkndrink is walkable for some of you tonight -- and I know who you are. See ya at
Jessica just be honest it was about us everyone knows it. just tell me and I won't be mad about it
Oh gosh, overwhelmed #whiskyfestchi. Have to say it....so many great whiskies.. such little time. & local spirits too!!'
Unlike gold which is just an appreciate play, real estate is the only hard asset that cash flows
Of course! Along with Hanno Mottola (sp.?), he was the essential element in those great Ute teams of the late '90s.
I wish school went by as fast as this vacation did
a deep breath in through the nose and let it out through the nose. It's a work in progress. Thanks for a great night. Xo
We should never discourage young people from dreaming dreams
got it
I have to work today so I'm missing church. Listened 2 podcast and was almost moved to tears on the bus! Thank you 4 ur heart
Booked a long weekend of camping in Yosemite for our 7th wedding anniversary. Couldn't be more excited.
Isn't that funny how we see poker players everywhere, even in our dreams. hehe
Psst...want a Riopelle? Feds selling off priciest works of art to save cash
I can't think of anything better.
You can be anyone you want to be, which is basically yourself. Just sayin...
m thinking identical lol sorry Hahaha
might take the whole "get your ass out of bed" a little too seriously tomorrow morning. =) maybe it'll motivate me!
I didn't think anyone would notice lol
“: I'm excited to announce i will remain a Pittsburgh Steeler next yr! Signed my contract this morning!” let's go!! LEGURSKY!!!!
I care, Bacca
May the Fourth Be with You!
nope. next week. he's in the audience
It's Friday! What adventures do you have planned this weekend?
This is just the attitude that won the middle name "fun killer."
Our Mobile Adoption Unit will be at Triangle Grocery from 10-2 today! 12165 N Hwy 14, Cedar Crest, NM 87008
Morning Freaks!!
ok...if you figured it out, you have to share...
I hate it when theres not enough dinner left to take with you but too much to eat now. Damn you
it sure was...isn't that great! and it's an affordable camera, too. #ohthepossiblities!
Feeling better for getting it out of me; now I need to sleep as soon as my brain lets me.
Retweet my tweet: #beatcancer and #paypal donates 5 cents to cancer research.
I wish he knew how hard I was trying.
“: I had mixed vegetable curry last night via So good” thank you!
FUN FACT: St. Drunken invented the pick up line: "Ye shalt refraine fromme discourse with a younge maiden if thou have not a goode opener."
“: DUDE She Just called you blind! OH HELL NO! Where is she?!” um..that's me?(;
IF YOU NEVER HEARD THE SONG HERE IT IS NEW POP SINGLE VIDEO SHOOT TONIGHT AT CLUB NIGHT MOVES !!!!!!!!!!!
Thanksgiving Break Is So Close!!!
Well if lived in Calif I would take ya lol cam u wait like 5 days so I can make it up there lol
I love cinnamon flavored things.
text me i miss you!
can't do it no more lol
A2: That people in recovery become even better people than ever been before!
The most creative act you will ever undertake is the act of creating yourself.
atleast now I am officially an organ donor! That makes me feel good!
Electric Avenue
It's never too early to go to bed!
RT "the fray at the palace. #pumped" Have fun tonight, Sarah! Should be a great show!
FC: I consider myself an every down guy. I can play the run and rush the passer in the Wide 9.
Driving down to #Clemson to see graduate today! So proud, so excited :)
Wow! Volume licensing vouchers arrived in less than one day! WooHoo!
Just read through some of the past conversations with and its safe to say I'm dying on the floor!!
You know your old when you bitch about missing 60 minutes
“Shh.. Do you hear that?” “What? I heard nothing.” “Exactly, it’s the sound of no one caring.”
Celtics dominated tonight
The best teacher is one who suggests rather than dogmatizes and inspires his listener with the wish to teach himself. - Edward Bulwer-Lytton
They told me never fall in love, It never works out in your favor. You way too young and right now that's just human nature.
Nola: Instead of putting out a fire, just pray for rain! We'll wait for weather to be on our side. Cause that worked out well in the past...
#Galtung thinks #OWS should form agricultural cooperatives all over the US to grow organic food.
Might do some tweet action covering the speakers...but then again I think I am only one in the room that doesn't remember the cold war...
Thankyou Lord for this another day :)
On the flip side, it won't matter much. If he's good, he's good. If Pats thought Brady was that good, wouldn't have gone 199.
Anything on adult swim after family guy or american dad zones me out to the point where i dont even change the channel ¯\(<U+30C4>)/¯
was in a temporary location and moving to a live/work space same location tho
the kardashians can get black guys cause they got some booty ;) lol
As a coach I'm finding more and more women who are struggling with this issue
Steve Blake looks just like Alex Smith
I hear a lot of G rap in your flow, as well. Thought I'd throw that in there.
You r gonna have to use your superhero powers to create this super-culture. That is a graphic novel I would like to see.
Put ma heart n soul in this game im feelin drained...
We want to welcome all of our new fans tonight from Funny Pics. You guys are the best!!! Love your page..
I really appreciate being CCed on all these tweets!
What'd u think of the Xmas episode? I feel it was lame & unnecessary & wrapped things up so they don't even need a 3rd season.
Why isn't computer-based learning taking advantage of student learning paths and preferences? Too hard, too time consuming? Why?
haha true that!
RT : 3 lucky winners for tickets to All Stars: #FieldRecordings: , and
Just saw a woman really going to town on the free cheese at grocery store. It's a sample people not a subsidy.
Haha. I see him often. You're just around the corner from me. How long are you in NYC?
Azure best of the best
Same here! Love meeting social media peeps IRL. See you at Wordcamp next weekend!
will be working on marketing ecolodge to be built there and creating tours. Also on my own Boomer marketing biz.
I sure don't miss my blackberry at all. go iphone.
Does anyone know if we have to have a ticketmaster account to buy tickets?
Shwayze performing at the Independent tomorrow at 8pm
kk so will i but if they say yes they r probaly going to take their girlfriends too
is in the finale!! I love this guy!!
how did you do that? did you break it during sex? like wtf happened? your man needs to cater to your ass now lol
Great! Let me know if you have any questions
Everything is swell my beloved, thanks for asking!
I was not a Video Vixen, Julie. I was 10. LOL
andre miller is a bum...
good one!!
": has anybody been hinting around the office about me" I think you need a couple wins at 265 or less first.
Camp update: DL Ben Garland is back with the Broncos after being granted an early release from his Air Force tour of duty!
OMG, me and my friend saw this couple making out, then she record it. Hahah.
It's good to hear JC, I am hearing about lots to career moves that happened on Talkbiznow.com, it's makes us all happy - recession huh?
Wish I knew a radio station that would play Radio Song
Yeah, but there's always something. We have to have it leveled before we can even buy it. 15k or so jut for that.
lol! It looks like it started two weeks ago.. How I missed it I don't know!
let's hope not(;
Xmas Tweets: Sister-in-law upset she didn't make it on the Xmas Tweets yet. I got news for her. I never will mention Betsy on one of these!
u havnt seen that episode of family guy when Michael Jackson starts shooting himself in the balls on stage?
Why vanilla ice cream white when vanilla extract is is brown?
“ I keep in touch wit all my real niggas so if you ain't heard from me ....Its been trill nigga”
Dexter is for homos and housewives pussy!
Hey , and we appreciate the RTs/MTs!
Does anyone know what to do when your crush is dating the weirdest girl in school and your much more prettier than her?
Mazol Tov Garret Jones on hitting your first HR of the season today. You are the #Jonez of the day.
will do. Twitter makes me so much more efficient.
Ranganathan Rule 4 in #Library Science. "Save the time of the reader." We need you now!
Whoa, the dean from Community just won an Oscar.
Congratulations to each and every one of the over 1,300 students who have had or will have degrees conferred, today, at #ETSU!
- sounds good.
mine or yours?
Deady Middle School Marching Band-Houston Directed by Galan Malone Selected to The 4Th Annual MLK Day Youth Parade-Houston Call 713-953-1633
after that rosenburg body.... O-red is a problem.... Verb needs this though so we shall see.
The wind just had sex with my room and I loved every bit of it ;)
Right back at ya! Have a great Friday!
Happy Mothers Day!! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9><U+2764>
I emailed you some info get at me when you get a chance
We are gearing up for a group-wide tent sale...starting May 14! Stay tuned for more details!
Chet Millard: I never imagined when I came home from Afghanistan I would find myself on front lines of a fight for freedom in WI.
This white woman smells like a box of Crayons
is on the way to a casting for a video which will hopefully go viral
I am fully on board w/that plan!! I met the 50 Shades author at a book signing last week. Good times!
Boston Celtics had a Ryan Hollins, Keyon Dooling, Avery Bradley & Marquis Daniels + K. Garnett lineup in a playoff game
I voted! I like them all though...good names and great idea to do a survey to help with the naming process.
ME PLEASE I FOLLOWED
To glad my moma buying me groceries today
TckTckTck showing website preview- very visual, nice graphics and links climate change issues together +solutions
Why did the monster come out of the closet?
Really wanna just go home and be by myself
Happy Hour is around the corner! $5 tapas, cocktails & picadas are minutes from embodying your mouth with flavor! Join us from 5pm to 8pm.
hearts and thoughts they fade, fade away...
there's my girl!!!
its only dope if u pull off the 1st time u fuck a random bad bitch..u feel certified
Told myself I was going to study for Thursday's test after CCWA. Got home and went through interwebs
Reminds me of kazanjian's point about how social movement genealogies of our archives and methodologies-are effaced.
This love is a sure thing....
Better regret for what you didn't do than for what you did....
If #lbj misses that ft he's not clutch right getthefckoutofhere
I'm going to meet my next victim at sports club...
We have the answer for your dinner dillemma! Burgers+ Shakes, dine in, take out, or order online w/
Happy Hour starts in 10 min! $5 glasses of wine, $5 cheese platters and $5 charcuterie platters from 5-8 pm!
haha! There are already plans!? If so, I insist we add blackjacks to the itinerary!
Happy #LaborDay weekend! Before you take one more trip, don’t forget about the hard working members of the courtesy patrol keeping you safe!
Building website for the next collection
hahaha love you too Becky :D hey what have we been doing in hales?:o
Great win
Lacrosse is really big out here, proving once again why Midwesterners are smarter than everyone else.
Can't cough, need to Fart, and can only lay on my back as if on my sides the machine alarm sounds off, my eye are so scratchy, GOD Bless
With gasoline draws. I have her handbasket all ready. RT : Man Suzie can go straight to hell.
you're welcome! i mayy see you there!
Happy Mother's Day to my blood older sister Brittany Conn too today : )
Can't beat #Maui but a crystal clear #Seattle day puts up a good fight!
Make way for interactive books - improved reading & learning experience? Or unnecessary side product with pricier extras outside education?
Mic check 1 2 1 2... Press Record and lay it down! At the Tip Jar Studio!
RT : Fun day today wit my broski :D
Horrible to hear about Muamba...
Just landed in NOLA!! A quck lunch date with the daddy and its back home to BR! Feels good!!
Reed Johnson it's been a tough night huhh, Triple A is prob better suited for you let's be serious
Ruiz: acknowledges multiplicity of funding options. Usac has a doc online which offers recommendations and guidance.
I'm fresher than a newborn. And um:I can work you out like a futon. And um:you can leave your birthday suit on
in Calc. Haha. It comes in handy a bit :P
People need to stop telling other people things that aren't true.
RT : Remember: The storm will pass..but the lesson will last.
wonderful blessing to make it another week have a safe weekend people....
good luck with the first day
I'm back in the weather center for Good Day Oregon this morning with the details on our record March rain. See you from 6:00-9:00 AM!
Jam packed meeting; a lot of changes facing higher ed and libraries; possibly some gnashing of teeth (on my own part)
I love to keep score at home have been doing this since I was a kid my dad taught me
AWESOME - HAVE A GREAT EVENT!!!
IS FOLLOWING ME¡¡¡ I CAN'T BELIEVE IT THANK YOU SO MUCH (:
Got my phone sorted out. It was letting me see her profile like it was mine but not letting me tweet from it. #itsallgood :) I fixed it.
RT : To be African American means having the power to forgive.
Don't miss the DJ BATTLE tonight @ Venue of Scottsdale its gonna be huge! Support DeeJay DJR. Headliner DJ JASSY JEFF. 10pm it kicks off ...
Can't wait for some #TribecaFilmFestival!
But there was a funny chat here ystrdy abt Thanksgiving turkey vs steak vs ham. All I'm sayin is, eat what you want.
It's so awkard seeing people from school at stores..
I'm actually thinking of organizing a TEDx for Chautauqua, NY. Any suggestions on how to get started?
check out he knows everything about wordpress
Buying my training shoes in kids sizes because of :)
RT : Shorter Left: Why does Bristol Palin have her own show? I think I'll tweet a frillion times about it!
Women think before you open your mouths
Damn Spurs!! Lost to the bulls
Hmm. A lot on my mind.
DTN Financial: All Whites alright as Italy held to draw: Tournament minnows New Zealand hold champions Italy 1-1 i
Try the Chevy Volt - Presidents don't control gas prices.
If you want to see a future star in golf make sure you check out Patrick Cantlay this week. Sophomore at UCLA.
ill be there in 5. That buffalo is going HAM.
Vanity is my downfall. Oh well at least I look cute A'F! (;
Hamsters can have sex up to 75 times a day. I wanna be a Hamster!!
#ThingsiWantTheMost is for everyone to go follow my boy :)
Eddie did a good job on megaman when it ended i sayed sequel megaman 2 wily escapes prison and creates 2s 8 robot masters
I took some scary doll out of my room last night because it was creeping me out and then woke up with it in my arms. What the...
IN the BUILDING?! #drool RT #Packers WR Jordy Nelson joins in 3 minutes - he'll also be here later today
Look good and feel healthier by including high fiber foods such as bananas into your diet. Learn more at www.touchofwellnessblog.com.
Feelin 50 right now...girls gone wild!
Non thuggery day
Welcome to the chat! #edwaivers is the correct tag.
Did you get my question.
Got an email from saying they miss me since I haven't posted lately. That's customer appreation! Now must think of pithy comments.
lol ohmygod. You're moms cool legit. Idk whenever I meet someone I'm just like ... Silentawe(:
I'm close to the door. Let's meet there at the break for pic for
how is Tom Crean not BT COY?
Hangin' with the Brat-happy for this time.
You prairie folk and your cute nicknames for hoodies. ;-)
RT : She in the basement eating gruel and popping out kids just because the nigga is the son of her favorite artist smh
Up again bout to clean this chicken then clean the bathroom & toss in a mini workout.
America; I've missed you. <3
"I know the sun still shines when you're not around, I'm taking it easy in the worst part of town, and now I find it wasn't mean to last" <3
Somebody should DM mee! About to die of boredomm. :/
Wrong Mary. My bad. You mean the one botox Mary.
Thanks, Sheri! Yes, your Granite Bay group is the best!
Had a great time at #InfoCamp. Kudos to all the organizers!
Hollywood Hills roads are crazy !! Gesh ! ... Varsity Lounge here I come !
Only one by is such a jam
Since you're on twitter right now maybe you'll see this and respond...follow me? I'll make you a cupcake ^-^
": all my brain cells died"lmfao
Fast Company rocks!
Sunday the 10th sounds marvelous.
I will! Soon as I have a chance...
Love this game
You just always make everything my fault. Sometimes it is but you take it too far,everytime. You act like my parent..
Almost feels nice enough to open the patio today! M I can't wait for patio season! Until then....ALL DAY HAPPY HOUR MONDAY IS FANTABULOUS!
Just confirmed with that Ignite founder will visit tomorrow 2 get his ShapeShot 3D face portrait taken, cool!
#BlackParentsQuotes "try me"
kk thanxx girly and don't make that sound weird in ur brain.
Come on man, let a brotha believe!
pump it up Matt!
U know I luv u all back RT: We love you 2nd lady! RT : Give ur input & tweet #PUVRadio Topic: DMV Music Scene RT
oh god me too. It's ruining my plan of going to bed early.
Dubs and trips on a Saturday. Holla atch your boieeee
AT THE MOVIES WITH THE FAM CHIMPANZEE THEN THINK LIKE A MAN UNTIL LATER XOXO
Just got home feelin sick af ! <U+E058>
#Celtics Putting on a show. Always.
hahaha! Guilty! But I look so cute in it....so at least I've got that going for me :)
be a active tweetlovers
Nahh just have a 4100 that (SOMEHOW) is still chugging away. Was curious was HP said as its replacement. pry 2055 or 3015
Nice! I bought that at City Lights in SF last year during SAA--seemed like the most appropriate Beat book for the Mad Men fan.
My mom said is an idiot because he didn't know who Gabrielle Reece was. I think she was actually offended.
The room is ready...we hope YOU are ready for some fun tonight
You welcome BH !
If I follow you you follow me thats how this is going to work I mean Com'on people 20 follows is shallow DONT U HAVEA HEART =(
B1 Bicycles 6 tips for cyclist in rain and snow: 2. Ride with tires with tread
Hell, my sexyy.
Gone make tany eat his words fasho !
article reads like a joke.. Ur path reaps Huge rewards for all of us... Please keep forging ahead as ur compass dictates...:-)
thats good.... you still go to Deltona?
Too early to be freezing outside the mall right now, come on free gift cards!
#DearOomf IM THE BEST DAMN THING THAT YOUR EYES HAVE EVER SEEN! !
is it my lack of selfesteem?
When a person is ENGAGED to be married is he/she off-limits to be PURSUED by someone else? Why/ Why Not?
oh wow lol!
No Boehner applause for salvaging auto industry; did jump up & flash man-tits when Prez announced repeal of tanning tax.
My goal is to pay everything off and save up some money so I'll have the choice as to whether or not I want to work.
BioNJ to Host First-Ever Life Sciences Industry HR Conference on May 14
Biggest media companies today do not produce their own content (Facebook, Twitter, Google)
Looks like it's official. Oregon's GOP debate has been cancelled. Both Romney and Santorum bailed.
i feel like a looser staying home on a friday night.
I am legit in tears.
I don't really like this movie. But I think the guy who plays Brandon is cute. He's also the guy who plays Justin in The lying games. <3
I can't get over how cute Austin is in that video when he was three!! OMG.
i am a tomboy i hang out with my bro more than my sis i hate highheels and i love Hightops and dude shoes<U+2190>cool:)
If your avi is not a pic of u, either your ugly or fat! I'm the latter! It should be in ur profile info!
SMASH IT UP
Its game day! Come out tonight at 7:30 to watch your CCDs perform to "Tricky" & "Pause"... Oh & watch the Toros play too :-)
My sister doesn't seem to understand that the new clothes I buy are for ME.
me & Tupac got our Secret place <3
"Don't be scurred, show another part of your life."
Yea it's like 30 minutes from Tampa I went out there a few weeks ago
Congratulations to you both! I know you're both glowing with pride. The sky's the limit :)
that's hilarious! It didn't look like it though!
Sad news about Junior Seau - If brain trauma is determined to be a factor, this could change the game of football as we know it
No, same.
If you were given the chance to come back to Denver would you come?
#upearlytotrain gonna dig deeper than I did yesterday! Insanity pure cardio and cardio abs, let's get it
#TurnToYou is such a cute song I love it it :) <3 it just shows how much Justin loves his mom & how much she means 2 him :D <3 <3
Those are fresh!
Like us on Facebook-Maxi's Little Italy's Finest Bistro
on wordpress and trying to get my novice tech head around it.
The second part makes you look bad ;) but yes, I can't. It's frustrating!
hey! you're welcome! Just trying to get through this friday. feeling pretty sick so hoping to get better. how about you?
OhMyGrande I hate when people brag . It brings me down :/
AM I THE ONLY #Tipsy ONE ON Y'ALL TL???
This weather just makes me wanna drive until I fall into a beach.
Awesome! Glad you like it...thanks!!!
Don't kid yourself. Brevity is not equal to wit here. You'll catch on.
Can anyone produce a training video? Sure -but pros help w/effectiveness, editing, shots & make sure you have a msg w/value added.
I get tired of using the same phone after a while.
aha hey(:
maybe all the people with toughbooks realized you didn't have one so you weren't good enough for them to follow.
I wanna dance like Chris Brown
hahah I lovee you<3 can't wait to go out this weekend & havee funn ;)
MT : I pray for spirit-rooted communities and individuals willing to sacrifice for justice.
good luck tonight! Will b voting no matter what <3
When it comes to tech support, there's nothing more important than customer experience!
Amen! RT : Live your life and forget your age.
Take WordPress to the Next Level
scheduled to work the first weekend in March.
Just had our flat tire changed, and now, we continue our drive to Cincy. Still so thankful for the many blessings in my life.
any of you want a bright little canadian for your #trivianight team?!
Macworld Feature: Avoid Twitter overload
Fat is not bad for you. Low fat is not good for you because they replace all the fat w/sugar.
How do you phrase an "OH" tweet about something that was typed to you?
Nerd Alert: I get a little giddy when I discover a family in what few pages (and blocks) remain of the 1890 DC census.
like sarah Michelle love Hewitt Jessica Parker or whatevertf.
I'm not sure yet :O
Who's already at the ? We will be there in the afternoon spreading disaster info, hosting a jeapordy game, handing out chocolate!
FINALLY found a 4 camera wireless system that "hoops" and is double dispersion, testing now it is working great. We will guarantee operation
If you meant Republican! Welcome to the team!
not as much as I love ur son I wish I could marry him!!! <3
Happy Christmas dear Friends!! :-)
washer and dryer ur cute lol
When we say things like "I can't" , "I don't have the money", ect. We cut off the possibilities of anything great happening to us.
Is there someplace to watch online?
tanks to you too!
We're a game of skill, yet our presentation looks like The Price is Right. To be taken seriously, we must take ourselves seriously.
night guys and happy ICONiversary <3
WW2 vet throws out 1st pitch. Outstanding!!!
Pension protests block Guinea CBG bauxite factory
is still checking out twitter - twitter/facebook/twitter/facebook??? What's a girl to do....
Think I got the trainee cta el driver. Going so slow.
I am Blessed and Thankful for all my 26K followers on Instagram! :D
It’s time for the last event of the weekend, the #TAFP Board of Directors mtg. Leaders will hear reports from all committees & commissions.
I'm tired of this place.
thanks for the #FF love!
MT #Jewish #Disability Awareness Month introduces #JDAM Reads w/ NYT Bestseller "Story of Beautiful Girl"
The Catholic Church has just finished re-translating its missal to more accurately reflect words spoken in the Latin Mass for 1700 years.
thats because I use a online translator..lol..
Congrats to for winning the Johnson City Public Library Poetry Competition!
#Romniacs!! RT Man, for 9:45 on a Wednesday (with no free coffee -- I checked) this crowd is PUMPED for Romney.
": Dear girls, When a boy pauses his video game to text you, marry him. #ihatevideogames #butitmeansalot"
just sent files back
the meats of your labor
hope you will come to Hong Kong soon~~~Hong Kong Enchancers will wait for you!!!<3
Know ur in a better place even know I can't see ya face
My worst nightmare! I'd kick your ass! :)
Gotta get my tweets up smh they lookin kinda slim
One more run and Kentucky fans will blow the roof of this place! Er... Maybe not the best metaphor
Watching enough.. Love this movie
RT Underwhelmed by the Gilt City deal for Upright Citizens Brigade this evening. Sorta funny. But only sorta. // agreed.
what gov interference are you speaking of? Regulations and taxes?
me too, but our students needed financial funding...
Happy Friday! Rock out this weekend!
i'm not sure value per user makes sense with FB's network effect (see: value per advertiser etc)
Okay. I have to study for the GMAT now.
Has anyone you know had their license suspended for non payment of toll bills?
that said us women ARE totally over the man FOOLISHNESS don't they teach little boys how to zip their pants in pre-k?
What plants did you pick up for mom this weekend at the Mother's Day Plant Sale?
There has been no significant increase in global average surface temperature since 1998...we still must steward the EARTH better...agree?
I LOVE THIS SONG-tonight only we run the night
ha definitely meant next year... Clearly I'm excited.
"Doc Rivers is 3-9 in his “first chance” to close out a series as Celtics coach, 6-3 after that" via DM from
#FamousPeopleIWantToMeet THE BEST QURTER BACK EVER. MR. TOM BRADY. MICHIGAN MAN FOR LIFE
hahahahaha oh my gosh..
He has a more like New York style
That I don't know. But it was all the talk during the long delay.
I hate when things don't go exactly how I imagined them.
I'm gonna regret this in the morning. Insomnia, you are a bitch!!
going to have some neat cosplay here soon!!!
just doin what you always do
There was an Angels no-hitter thrown the day I was born. Mike Witt on September 30, 1984
Thanks & thanks for asking :-)
hm yeah I think he's told me but I don't see the resemblance :)
happy birthday! Follow? Please?!?!?!???!?
have you read Back to December? It's so good
Working in the loop today and Monday. I'm not afraid of a bunch of hippies!
*marshmallows sorry was thinking about Alex Marshall hahah
“Always do right - this will gratify some and astonish the rest.” -Mark Twain
I love and for all you people that don't like her, need to open your eyes and see she is a sweetheart and is amazing(':
Still. No rain. :(
#JohnnyRockets is so fun :) They have the best fries!
I wish you were a stranger I could disengage.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :D:D
bahahaha im so excited we're all going!!!!
Play basketball all day!
Tell to follow me
Powers out??
Since the lost and found cycle works anonymously we don't know when something is returned. Has it worked for you? If so, please let us know!
Good leaders must first become good servants. ~Robert Greenleaf
If I took you home, it'd be a home run.
Looking forward to ballet classes, double puppies, and my own little green grassy yard.
Going to sleep at 8am, waking up at 12pm. Not poppin'.
rape thing?
#NWARK #sharktank fans, we have to tune in to Tulsa station for all the fun tonight!!
But really, more guys should wear kilts
it wnt take long u bild head n e ways n aw look at my sis her so cute n her avi ;-)
And? My first name is Veloci......last name Raptor
lmao thanks. That was my first and last attempt with dubstep. It came out too bassy
I say it WAS a catch. Ball hit ground, but was trapped to leg. No wobble, didn't use ground to catch it.
Thanks for the Inspiration!
I have a feeling i worry about my parents and there problems more than they worry about me -___•
Reeeaaally?? :) I HOPE U AIN'T LYING TO ME.
LDSFollowReTwitter: @ kellybranan: Hey, just showed up! It's a lunch for three: kellybranan"
When your so bored you cant think of anything to do besides tweet.
RT : Happy Earth Day! By choosing Aveda Salons and Aveda products you play a HUGE role in caring for our Earth. Thank You!
i just want to be be your firecracker.
RT : thank you for the RT and comment #gratitude -- You're welcome!
We just finished the Legislative Breakfast Reception at Pre-K Day on the Hill and headed to meetings with our Shelby County Legislators.
The Winter Market is indoors at Carmel City Center every Saturday through March 17.
yes, but please call the studio/store to make sure about the payment 504-267-0380. and congrats!
sounds amazing tonight at
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE meeting cody, alli and tom was the BEST DAY OF MY LIFE just wannted you to know!!!
IM GONNA BEG MY MOM TO TAKE MEE!!!!<333
with their rookie being on IR already if Beanie & Step-Howl don't play who's the RB for AZ?
i hate when a hood song gets popular as fuck with all the black people & they use lines from the song after everything they say.
Amy and I LOVE that place - and you get to go to the original. We have only been in NYC...Enjoy!
hes signed and has 9 albums, You should prolly come out with 1 song that's atleast been on the radio b4 you come at his neck
Everyday I am thankful for where I am. I could have been anyone in any circumstance. But I am here in school entertaining the idea of
Tonight, WE ARE YOUNG. <3
strongly believes that responsibilities of middle age are punishments for what I did in my youth.
I'm afraid to ask what that even means:)
A girl's laughter is much more cheerful than a boy's. But a boy's cry is much more meaningful than a girl's.
Can't wait to see this episode! Had a great time talking with you guys.
subwoofers. time to get more subwoofers.
Hope the dudes ok!
Tell me I can't, then watch me do
Sounds especially painful. Hope you don't get a middle seat. That will make Tuesday even worse!
Cool! Hope to see you at BOW! Have fun at BEA!!
Oh and I watch Feigns update video and I must say I'm very very fucking stoked! Shout out to Devin! Shit goes hard!
best disco nap ever
thank God. I can put my shades back in the car.
thank you Cindi!
so sorry, lost my brother & law to the same thing at 32 yrs old too.
Jus Kawz You Say SWAG Don't Mean You Have SWAG…
best program ever, so proud of u guys!
We are too poor to afford HBO now. No more Game of Thrones either. :(
This girl said that i applied for a loan.. No mam
thx for the heads up on FB
Definitely just did the Borat ringing phone mime gag
#STAR is over & I'm back in Austin from its bucolic setting. Last thing we considered were charts with malefic rulers of the 1st/Ascendant.
Yes Sir...
Hope everyone has a little someone in mind for international #ChildrensBookDay! I will be reading a tale via #FaceTime to my niece in FL!
What did reporter say #Tiger had in his neck? WWW.ussportspages.com
Great Jazz Night Out event tonight at Zona Rosa, Mark Lowrey Trio with Shay Estes!
Hmm.. I am like craving sea food.. Hahaha.
Piiff, you're throwing your life away. Big data is something you might be playing with really soon here....
Anyone at #FMLF12 interested in should join & at ESPN Zone tonight from 7-11. Catch the free WOMM Com drawing.
You've got lots of friends, they don't get you paid. I learned to stay away..
Amazing mentalist who was on Leno last night will b on my show 2NIGHT 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM Its time u listened
Ichiro out of the lineup after 255 games!
Lmao! Why haven't they thought of that yet???
such a wonderful recap!
if I have the money I sure will! I'll be 21 in July!
Thanks to our new followers
Its so funny when you can tell that things are going well for someone because you never hear from them.
This is my third reading. Gets better every time.
I'm gonna miss seeing Justin perform "Runaway Love" and "One Time", but I can't wait to see him perform his new songs from
Yeah! And florida is amazing! You would love it!!!
Hm. #quote RT : "Discipline is just choosing between what you want now and what you want most." - Unknown
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Red Velvet Cake w/Cream Cheese Frosting on-site at Acme! Order NOW for the Holidays! 614-732-2803
Advertising and Graphic Design for about 10 years in Cincinnati
NO MI GUSTA FRIJOLES. I don't know why ._.
What's news withy ou brother? How is the site coming along?
whats wrong wit you
I put it in my bookbag and everything, but after that little remark. You can forget the nail polish remover.
don't forget to wear your shirt tomorrow. I will kill you if you forget.
Chill'n @ Logan.
"Where are we going?" "I don't know, but we better get there."
There is a lingering prejudice against electronic-only publications. Even plos still prints some of their journals.
If you miss me & there's a problem . Handle that . [ ambition ] instead of arguin with me over it . ( Make A Way )
I will daaaaaaaawg
I wish I was falling asleep in his arms tonight. His arms feel so right, I miss them. :(
Today we made progress! The triangle takes time, we just need to get the whole "moving without the ball" thing
I just made a scene in the key bank lobby
Dear #Bosh, I miss you, and if u come back soon, I promise I'll never take u for granted again! Sincerely, Andres
it's hard work pleasing so many women..;)
Help get the spammers off #mdsnow. Block and Report . You can readily see who they are. Help.
Right. He points out that the "P" and the "S" lose data that shifts their appearance. It was a quick adjustment.
i wanna join u n if i live there mom :)
“: Cold & snowy this week. Dammit. I was getting excited for Spring :(
Not your children's bake sale ...tonight as they host a bake sale of their own from 7-8PM with 3 items for only $10!
- i Can Go Overseas & My Name Still Gone Find Its Way in Some Bullshit . . Smh .
thanks for following! Hilarious!
Thats crazy! , what's the deal? Juke, Juke, Juke!!! It's only the coolest car on the road!
Mason also reminded us to find things to be memorable, learn from the conversations you're having.
Great piece! Thanks for posting!
Brewer's game this Summer?
you are seriously killing me here. I better get it as soon as it turns 8:05
Story of my life! : Song: We are aiming to overachieve today!
RT : RT : #BeyoncesBabyName: "Jay-Z's 100th Problem" <<Lmao...why, why was this posted? ha
resisting a terrible "that's what she said" joke...
indeed we have! Mostly in learning mode lately. Circling back to all the CS fundamentals I skipped. :)
which dealership, not north hollywood toyota is it?
#Network #Programmer needed for #MMO company on the west coast Salary up to 130k.
right inside door
Multiple standing ovations for Lt. Gov John Sanchez. Fantastic.
My arms and legs feel sore.. I don't know why the fuck they do.
Going to see Incubus. you jealous? <3
Practising pitches with multiple teams as the count down begins...
Chilly night in #Dallas. Took a little break to get some dinner and shoulda grabbed my winter coat!!!
Starting radio show now! www.wvox.com
In other news, I really don't mind the light rain we are getting right now. Windows open and airing out the house.
Thanks for the retweet!
I'm sorry I didn't have my phone :( I just got it back
thanks for the info!
Links are up at www.watchnhllive.com go register and watch all your favorite hockey teams play live online enjoy the games!!!
don't forget to fill in your "nics" with
RT what you gone work on..upper body
WHAT HAPPENED?! How did he hold your phone! Spill girl #SPILL (;
superstar potential. Probaly still top 5, but stock prolly dropping.
I like how I haven't ate yet.
Bored so I'm gonna watch all 3 Friday movies lol
Bitch I'm RICH i was just Tryna help out in make you look like the shit!
Oh hey, there's your sex warning!
I certainly hope not. In fact, I'm counting on it.
I saw the #ThreeStooges yesterday an it was really, really good, although the sexual element was not needed and detracted from the movie.
Boxwire BizBlip: Make friends with the butcher.
Hope you enjoyed your lunch! Did you claim your special offer??
I love everybody - even those who hate or hate on me
{covers mouth while giggling} yea I know ..tee hee..
#erl12 Great content portfolio diagram from Sowell when this program is posted, check it out!
Nuts I starting to think she is love u hun
Doing well this weekend - Hope you are too! I have relatives in the D.C. area so enjoying hearing tales of the snowpocalypse :-)
I do too u idiot , I mean temporarily hate everyone at the moment
Glad you liked our tour. We look forward to meeting with you next week.
i'm giving you a hug through my computer.
Why must people be such A@@ Holes. I totally agree.
Follow me is a Sexy account related to Porn :*
Get rid of Plouffe. I mean it.
WHAT IS THIS BLASPHEMY?!
right there with you!
live-griping the natural history programming.
Sunday scene... Slept in -> Breakfast treats -> back room blitz -> evening wind-down...
even I, the conservative Sox fan knows "Don't taunt Rahm"
I know!!! But I'm getting a rental car Thursday until they fixed the damage to my car. So that's good lol
what are you doing out in buttermilk area?
Love is perhaps the only glimpse we are permitted of eternity. -Helen Hayes
:( rude child lol
After last night, I kinda knew this headache would be here in the morning. FML
And Steve Blake was firing from behind the arc
i miss yu2 ..wat'd u end up doin fa the break ?
I CANT WAIT UNTIL EVERYONE CAN SEE ME ON TNT
damn I miss stars :(
dude yeah april fools'!
Was it a donut?
: Thanks for the RT!
Yes I think you're a bad parent if your on a motorcycle on the expressway swerving in lanes with your three year old son
Time to decide what to do for the night! :)
thanks for mother's day RT!
hahah Steve is gone
Have you heard they're making new eps of the "original" series now? They're online but well-written and made.
If you ever want to go to flatiron let me know- I am so wanting to try it!
#OneThingYouDONTDo Lie to me...
I cant understand why Tebow thinks his prayers should be stronger than the other teams prayers.
Watching MU-KU because Vols not on tv here. MU to SEC has somehow created an instant hatred in my heart. Screw you Tigers.
People will always give you 101 reasons why they can't. While not understanding why they truly can. #EnlightenThem -Chetney
WHAT WERE THEY RECORDING?!?!?
The headline of today's Columbus Dispatch: "God's Block Parties"
DIRECTIONERS! follow & they'll follow back :) x
I texted u fool
Kamara should have saved his public apology for tonight.
Back to work!!
Trying to find good sites for students to compare conservatism in Nixon to Reagan era and today. Any good links?
whatever you need I'll help
I'm about to eat a candy bar before I go to bed because I'm a grown man and I can do that.
Note to self: Never shake a baby
Someone was hurt before u wronged before u, humiliated before u, raped before u yet, someone survived You can do anything you choose to do.
Yep...thank God I've been putting money in my savings for back up.
Yes party people..we will have bags and beer pong tonite!! Happy bday Hilary Rasmussen
Does anybody give a @#$! about ? Opinions wanted before I dump them from my email.
yeah i miss twev :(
why are all your dogs so adorable? we are so tempted to get milo a sibling!
Fuck that double standard shit!!! Im ducking
mobile challenges tech expertise, costs to develop/device/plans, priorities, perceptions of non-users, licensed vs. owned content
almost as cool as "acqua di gio" and cigarettes.
I think I need to go to sleep and wake up again cause this looks like piss off brad day
Happy Birthday to lovely
K-State takes the delay to punt it. UT has a chance here.
I can't deny it she can get it
I need your advice with something, please help me?.. K thanks Alex<3
Warriors offer Tyson Chandler 4-year deal
Mighty Smashed? Super Smashed Bros.? Smashed Mouth?
Finally! A decent day in the capital city! Stop on by and get your bike tuned up for the Market to Market race this Saturday!
Hey Samson Peeps, do you manufacture your bicycle parts locally to Denver?
Yes, it's great! I need to put it into practice!!
Seeing signs all over Scripps Ranch tonight.
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 70
back in the shop !
got that 2:30 feeling already, damn it ain't even noon
#GradBash was unbelievable. Absolute blast.
Sky zone today!
I dunno what you're into, but The Roots - Don't Feel Right is another good track
Me and my Tinky just laughing !
Thank you and deffinatly i wanna chill with all yall sometime soon but im taking sometime to myself for now
Actually. Just me and garbear are going. We're in love.
And bringing some AMAZING homemade menudo from my aunt's house
I spin at (Down ultra Lounge) most Saturday nights. Hit me up when u get into town ill hook u up
Lucy!! Where's my white collarless shirt from FRED SEGAL!!!!!!!!!
I feel stronger then I ever have bad times can only weaken you for so long.
“: Or Pettis. Cerrone vs. Pettis sounds fantastic, too.” would win!!
I'm not a hater
thanks man
morning from ney york :)
Actually they did better last season. At this point and overall.
No problem. Have fun!
In the public interest to facilitate both protection for (c) owners & to help libraries. Will revisit library exceptions
OMG hell my Love i'm so happy you're back!!! I am fine thx.. And you ??
testing out the Gale apps for our school. I like it.
Help this guy get his guitar back! I hate thieves!
he'll be back...he's been very busy lately that he doesn't have that much time in between acting and singing to tweet as much.
Love that song! Down on Me is a good one too! (Talk about randy!)
Had an awesome time tonight, stay in touch
OK but we'll have to change again, then again.
#FollowNotYetFriday and as they live tweet the #OWS march through Manhattan--going to be staring at my Twitter feed all night.
twitter has got to be the dumbest thing ever. facebook > twitter
Beer bong.
Great idea Dr. Michaels! RT : "Cash for Candy" collection goes to the troops
#9moredays of my junior year.. and I really don't think I can do it. finals this week. kill me now.
Guess I Can Go Wit It, But Im Not No Lame...And No Bitch Not Finna Fuck My Go Up. Doinn It All For Him.
If this keeps up, we will build in igloo outside and move in. It would save some money. ;)
Son In Law
RT : #fact i love soca music
WTH HELL UNDERTAKER NEEDS TO GET BACK OLD SCHOOL AND MOLLY WOP DAT BITCH
Maybe I shouldn't read books on serial killers before going to bed
from last night's #dareproject discussions: "Yo, Watson. Shit is afoot."
Well one thing is for sure. The Avengers is certainly deserving of all the plaudits it's getting. Wow, what a GREAT movie!
i can't decide if Iam just old or if you were a child protege
I swap ya if u have a boy and we have a girl. Okay.? Only joking btw Congrats to you
np:D <U+2665> what is ur name?
we're testing out times because of availability of top pros. later time creates more opps. we'll have taped show up faster too
“There is only one valid definition of a business purpose: to create a customer.” Peter Drucker
Wake up and read that Obama wins the #Nobel Peace Prize. To paraphrase the Black Eyed Peas, "'today' is going to be a good day..."
Coalition of Suburban Communities for Fair Representation is presenting district maps.
Ah, thought there was some significance e.g. bookworms. Night owls read books through the night maybe :)
People reject us when we exceed their expectations.Rejection should not harm u.It's meant 2 arm u 2 push u into your destiny
As it turns out, it was the strep fairy that visited last night. Fun day..bicillin shot in the hip. Ouch!
DESPITE LATE GOAL BY RANGERS, CAPS HOLD OFF TO HEAD TO GAME 7!
Ok cool :)
I love your handlebar mustache!
It's official. I'm signed up for the Eagle Creek Sprint.
Fuck you red line. Fuck you.
digital design ha lost its sense of experimentation in the past 15 yrs or so says Neville Brody.
CA ranks 46th in degrees per headcount and degrees per full time enrolled students.
Hope you sleep well, and see lots of balloons tomorrow morning.
Thank you! : "#FF #FollowFriday consider following: "
RT Gon need a new alternator n serpentine belt soon for the ga smh
I wanna be held! ! But I don't have a boo ... smh story of my life
talking about that last tweet? Haha truth bro. It's annoying to me
What is happening in buffalo?!
Great suggestion
it means "awesome" right?
Great catch bullpen catcher protector guy!
It is shocking, the amount of work I get done when Gmail is down. Is there a lesson to learn here?
Dinner/pre-drinks before #smcsea tomorrow?
Was this season or series finale of #CriminalMinds??
Are you from New York or Boston? RT : THIS TEAM IS THE FUCKING POSTER TEAM FOR HARD WORK AND TEAM MENTALITY
Learn how RTOREWARDS can help you reduce customer skips and customer turnover. Visit us today! www.clientrocket.com/rto
- mhmmnn Today Is The Day ! Can't Wait To Wild The Fucc Out With My Bestfriends... &+ I can't Wait For MY Suprise!
My @ replies aren't updating. How annoying.
Seeing all the footballers tweet about fitness makes me miss soccer so much more
root beer floats monopoly sannyfranny volvito missions!!
Lots of cookie cakes walking out of this Giant Eagle so far this morning. I missing something? Cinco de Mayo #CakeInTheBreakroom?
hell yea
finally a scandal that does not involve sex. its ok to defraud the country with bad loans but don't fake a degree,scott can be my ceo anyday
Yay! Just went on my 300 tweet! Wring my way up there I'm at 300 tweets and 42 followers:)(I'm a newb) beliebers follow me
I hope I get out this house tonight....its boring despite my reminds on my tv for all the movies till 1 am lol.yep I need a companion!
Hard work DO pay off. Gym Time <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
Mrs. Hellendar again, for having us learn that 2 scoops is better in DESSERT, than one in the DESERT.
What am I doing you ask? I'm trying to figure out how to use twitter! This looks like it's going to be exciting. So many people 2 follow =)
Happy birthday to me happy birthday To me happy birthday dear Kiki happy birthday to me! (and others)
NEWSIE: Stay tuned for our #Sake Set O' the Day Series - eye popping designs coming your way!
I love when nonintimidating people bitch me out...
haha wasn't me luckily, that was
And congratulations to the :with so many people writing good stuff, why did they accept to publish Riley's junk? to get audience?
It was GREAT!!
knock knock knock Momma Scott Knock knock knock momma Scott Knock knock knock momma Scott
Don't fear the enemy that attacks you, but the fake friend that hugs you and daps you off
it's impossible
We Gotta Get Livee.!
After the opera tomorrow night (~9:30pm) there will be free apps and opera talk at Jacob Wirth's. Let's chew the fat over a brew!!!!
Thanks, we can't wait!
You KNOW you're my bestfriend. Like honestly. But I'll do it anyway c;
I cant deal with people that are bums.
Today a judge will sentence Christopher Hanney who was convicted of setting his estranged wife on fire. He faces a possible life sentence.
Well done Bubba!
It's seriously "Break Taylor's Heart" day isn't it?!
do you know how much that means to us?!?!
I dont like how them little kids dance its lame !!!!
Need help in the kitchen. A few hours each weekend of dishes and clean up. Anyone available?
RT Eric Frank Knowledge talking about "leveraging" knowledge in new and expansive, barrier-free ways
Hahah it's so difficult
Me too. Whenever I watch it I get so emotional.
Not just about product performance, it's about the experience -Healey
Just saw on shaqtin a fool throwing it down.
Norma, that is what I call intelligent criticism
Yes it's that time super impact is ready for the big opening come out and be apart of it we would love to have you!
Is there an 'amazing person' convention in town? Because our customers so far tonight have been OUTSTANDING.
Want to receive gift cards? DM us your birthday and/or anniversary!
They say, every kiss begins with Kay, bullshit! Kisses begin with a couple shots of patron, and some ass grabbing !!
You make me happy.You make me laugh.You make me smile. You make me forget.You make me strong. You make me forgive.You make me be myself.<U+2665>
Hello! Thanks for following me...
Quoting those songs. <U+2665>
Hey girL... I tried hittin u up... shoot me a text when ya get this :)
listenin to The Kid Daytona. His mixtapes Go Hard!
There is honestly nothing that I love quite as much as helping other people get their shit together. Probably because it distracts me.
Haha no way! Lucky girl :)
I'm who I am
Yo...Made in Jersey. Lookin' good.
Looking for a dog for a Veteran on the Montgomery Co Humane Society website and can't believe how many beauties there. So sad :(
what is the best way to send an inquiry to noisetrend?
obviously. Gotta do a Sunday roast before I leave UK
Congrats to all our ninjas for earning another stripe on their belts! This one was for #leadership! Thanks for another great wk of classes!
I'm really emotional right now. It sucks having feelings ... usually I don't have those things =\
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :)
Furry Xmas& HpyNew Yr! RT THANK YOU!! Pkg. just arrived. THE DOGS' BOOK OF ROMANCE is darling. Will share with my dog posse friends.
iPod, check. Work clothes, check. Motivation = whoops left that at home!.
It's interesting how every company puts in their own hashtag along with every advertisement
While there's #nosuchthingasafreelunch we sure are getting close! Check out our new #deals every week!
i hate complicated girls.. more than anything
Last night I had a dream that The Eleventh Doctor and I were stealing the last two launch vehicles to escape nuclear war. Separately.
MAKE Suree To Checkout! MY Twin Bo's MUSIC VIDEO! On YOUTUBE!..TALENTED RAPPER..supra-My Dreams Are Our Dreams..NO WASTE of Time For SURE!
Hm Facebook is down. I can't decide if I think this is a marketing ploy for "The Social Network" or if its just the end of the world...
wow! ISTE Outstanding Young Educator 2011. Really??!! Awesome!
Stay in bed. I will bring you tacos.
need to talk to you about this show on the 12th in Covington that is on with krit
thanks for the invite -.-t
Send us your Friday Reads! We're reading Undecorate by Christiane Lemieux and The Dark Enquiry by Deanna Raybourn this snowy weekend!
This is the first day of the rest of your life. Make it count
you guys are freaking adorable, ok
#18k Congratulations you are the best girl<3 I love you!! Follow me?
HAPPY MONDAY!!!
Haven't had the veggie cheesesteak at Monks Cafe, but can verify that everything I ate/drank there was awesome.
#SoTrue u not alone on dat RT : I don't even care to have a ringtone on my phone anymore, that shit is lame to me. Lol.
Cesar GOmez's status: "Either you will work to build your dreams or someone will hire you to build theirs."
Happy 100th, Arizona! I miss Tucson, the mountains, the smell of creosote bush after the monsoon rains. Sure don't miss AZ Republicans.
do you like MOGL? what else have you used it for? just wondering, have seen it around
Me and my auxillary office........
Rest in peace Dick Clark. You will be missed! : (
#insomnia I don't sleep well and can't use Ny-Quil or what not because if we get attacked or have major equip' casualties, it's GO time!
I think we can change the world!
Hey,did you want to do something with the tracks?
anythG with naked bodies simulatG sex will get viewers...#HBO #Girls is NOT a hit. Internet porn, X DVDs are hits!
oh baha yeah then i guess it is me
Surprised at how quickly the defense rested its case in the Edwards trial
mos wanted could've done better, but ian's face can't get any better
Just bicycled through a cloud of bees without a mark....although, what's that buzzi -- YEOUCH!
"Scientific data must be libre from the point of creation"
Lol, im at the store and a baby boy got yelled at for singing to , she obvs. needs JESUS. ._.
RT : Lotta Bama bros have sunglasses on their necks Fellas- it's a night game...indoors.
Congrats to for not turning off her ringer. 3 spanks for her, get out in the hallway and bend over
good luck! Lol
What is there to do today?
2011 #HDSA Celebration of Hope Gala is underway! Gonna raise a lot of $$$ 4 HD research!
Anyone else have a crack O flight tomorrow and want to share a cab? My flight is at 7:15a
We ain't got time for the internet grind at the moment.... We grind the streets
thanks for the follow, cousin. Have a great week.
yeah I am putting like 20 videos into one so it's going to take awhile lol
Abortion: A baby can live without it!
who is ur suggestion? I don't think Myers is the answer/ready either, for the record.
I'm at RBA talking w cool HR folks abt twitter. Whoa!
KNEW IT.
amazing game... Nervous about 1st couple mins of 4th
too bad we missed each other. I'm at the MC office quite often now if you'd like to meetup sometime
Sublime Text 2 > TextMate 2. Insanely fast, and minimalist UI. TM2 is absolutely horrible, in my opinion.
Not too busy. Maybe break up left text. Fit to three columns? Will look weird if bend hits wrong spots. Text/bkgrd issue
but you got buckets
Magic Johnson with his patented tardy tweets
Can't wait for 's #FindingNemo3D !
Barring any injuries, Wolves make playoffs. Thanks a lot, dick!
so many exotic peruvian adventures already!! including petting stray cats?
What do you need help with?
*blink* *blink*
if ur an eagles fan theres no reason u should be cheerin for the rival team
Woah! Pushing through those big sellers at .695 $SNPK!
I'm out of court and oh man it feels good to say I'm free
proud of u baby cousin
There's a beautiful red quarter moon put tonight.
Happy searching! RT The #1940Census is now live! AOTUS is performing the inaugural search of his grandparents in Beverly, MA
Attention! Latest press release by Scott Lund drops a bombshell - the Mona Lisa wasn't painted in Florence, it was painted in Rome !!!!!
Do you think Ben plays this week? Steelers can probably beat Rams without him...
Finally boarded. One hour delay not too bad.
AMAZING job this weekend! you and your team deserved that win! hope to meet you next year at worlds?(:
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.
They got married, he was gay, he sued HER?? And she was like ..I don't think so?
OMG a there's groupon for IHOP today! What a great reason for me to eat there! jk no it's not; there is no good reason to go to IHOP.
Anyone want some ihop ?
Can't wait 4 my Lakers to leave the Denver mile high area, so the can close this deal
Man what lol RT : I need to learn to under-analyze
Indestructible wallet with a writable surface ? Yes please! Check out gift shop fun in Museum Magazine
I've been feeling like writing lately.
-_- I'LL BE WITH ERICA AND RIKKI SO IDKKK YET RT : THAT MEANS NO
What we do next is what matters most. Jim Woods
": Knowing Giroux is watching this makes it better". Knowing Crosby is spooning Malkin instead of playing now is kool too!
The weather isn't helping either.
Although...some very insightful and well articulated comments by writer at
Hopefully the next photo I post will be me with a big oversized check.
But that's a good thing, right?
In following one's breath, notice t/ perfection: accept t/ life force flowing in, let go of all that no longer serves U on t/ exhale.
Great point!
Tyler the creator <.
FUCK TOO'DOPE, CHOKE YOUR DAMN SELF, FUCKIN WITH YALLSELF YOU CAN USE A HAND-HELP!
donated to locks of love.
Awww, RIP Dick Clark. End of an era.
Hanukkah starts this evening! Inviting all to light their menorahs and follow it up with a nice Holiday Gonesh scent.. I've got Snowy...
Hey Scott, sorry for the late response but there are no plans for an equipment sale this year.
If it's on the internet its gotta be true.
Door Handles LTD Mix Security With Elegance
I hate after effects once you do I nice lookin thing people expect you to make everything great....... Grrrrrrrrrrrrr
Heading to Charlotte for partner summit.
secret circle got cancelled Faack you television people. Cant you cut of actually stupid shows?
Awesome. RT : Aoki on fitting in with #Brewers: "My father is a big fan of beer."
A little bit mad at myself. :(
right back at ya! RT : Had my first call with from Octagon. A great new partner and a #Yankees fan...BONUS
Planning a TAMPA DJ & PROMOTERS ONLY MIXTAPE What yall think?
Congratulations to Welcome to SF. Party Tonight!
Josephus Daniels~ Defeat never comes to any man until he admits it.
I am what I am. I can't help myself and if you don't like it get with somebody else. I'll never change my ways.
Drink plenty of water. It fills you up and keeps your body lubricated.
I want an ice cold brew
Taking shots on a Wednesday night
Of course it counts! Why haven't we done a story at Pipers Pub yet? I love you guys.
how's it going?
sick!! thanks!
Life is full of risks. Take them, because you'll never know what could have happened if you don't.
Yea he cares about nobody only himself
What's YOUR approach to #youth?
WWW REALLY?
RT : Thanks to for believing in me when I didn't believe in myself. #thankateacher | We all need those...
We are!
Hey there, (mosonday), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
One of our shippers was wearing those just yesterday! Sign up for restock email, &we'll let you know as soon as they're back in. :)
If you come out of the gym dry and happy, you ain't doing it right.
Baby Bash followed me (:
my man! Thats the ultimate jam!
hahaha ferssuree have you seen him live :D
we might do a movie night potluck. Plan accordingly.
My timeline is awesome :p
gonna go run fartleks like a champion.
you watching from the office or want to join us in Brooklyn?
i saw you last night! sexy <3
": Larry Flynt just said "Having sex with a condom on is like jerking off with a glove. Who does that?" No me
Morning run to clear my head. Caught some of the first
extremely jelly
Chat Leftovers: Pie problems - Washington Post (blog)
i did 8 times
Don Shelby visits Common Good Books to sign his book, The Season Never Ends, at 11:00 this morning.
Just give me your MyAlganon display name.
Zombie Granny Origins Ready to Take a Bite Out of Your Android
Good reminder. I just backed up my entire computer; will do WP next!
The week is more important than the weekend ~ What are you going to do with what you were taught on Sunday?
I think I would hyperventilate out of excitement XD
I agree that could have been on that list, along with and
what's wrong?
wish I was going to be at the show
Enjoy the twists and turns in the journey, it'll make the destination that much better.
yessir, luckily I dont hv 2 go by the curriculum bc I'm sure as u know, the info is really good but it isn't culturally relevant
Great fights this weekend! Gotta say it...I think it is time for Yves Lavigne to go! He is just too dangerous. Chris Leben could have died!
condoms prevent stds. Women don't have 100% control of condom use. Birth control pills give them 100% control.
"I really need some benadryl"
I know we're like the same person that's why I love you so much :-* lmaoo
Finally got my card. Forgot how much I love borrowing books.
Followed :) Check out my videos and share with your friends and "like" my FB page: MarissaM_Fans
Spy's are all around us... Be careful what u posts..
We're going to be selling tickets, actually. We'll announce it here and thru Cat when we have that set up.
You're welcome. :)
Omg Justin Bieber & 50 walking out with Mayweather? Oh I hated you guys before. NOW I REALLY HATE EM I hope Cotto punched Beebs in the face
#thepitch cool office
Aren't blind dates the worst . )
and will be poppin tonight! You ready people???
Hey. We should all put our hearts up and plant love grow peace. Cuz if we give a lil love maybe we can change the world<U+2665>
are u sure u don't want to go to JCS?! Lol
My drum solo is trending on twitter
The Dentist is the Shit
Meh. Maybe. But I hate the fact that I get yelled at the most when it's break. It's so annoying.
Just got word that April Schafer is on her way to set up...let's do this thing! Excited to open a new exhibit!
It's pretty much the only one of his other than Jesus' Son that I really like.
I wish to marry princeton,and be with him 4eva hes the best and the whole crew RT if u agree and by the way,mb i luv u 143 stay mindless
Opening day always reminds me of one thing - I wish I still collected baseball cards. Nothing will top the '87 Topps set - great look.
I will call that one #thesit Best touchdown ever
like in front of fine silver ranch :) walking towards silverbrook
Hopefully i get off punishment !!
Hmm i wonder why so many ppl have beaf with
Holiday cheers! :)
The kids performed SO WELL yesterday. Better than I've ever heard the ensemble in fact. I'm REALLY proud of the #choir! Unjust results.
Burbank, I think :-) is that right, Amy?
I'm sorry you have a hard time convincing some clients that you're better than some other rails shop, but don't fuck everyone in the process
Lol I remember when I used to say " YOLO ! " instead of saying " Hello " hahah .
No tears in the #writer, no tears in the reader.
how are you feeling my friend ??
yeah but now you're back in MKE. Cactus League Nachos!
who u been on a roll my nigg
Assistant Tito Vilanova will take over next season. Guardiola's last game will be the Copa del Rey final against Athletic Bilbao on May 25.
Just saw a white-winged dove doing a courtship dance for a mourning dove. Dude, pretty sure she's not interested.
In neighboring district, no teams stalled & teams thrived. Their teams became stronger & kids were recruited.
I thought it was going to be a body! lol
See, I would have written that as "If I just eat like 4 avocados for dinner it will be awesome."
you might be interested in our ipad typing trainer's intermediate and advanced courses. I'm up to 65 wpm!
bwah? did your old one stop working or something?
tell yo cuzzin to call me back when ypu get in contact widd her
and the work of homeownership begins....haha
a dude at the daily ordered "four egg whites and four shots of espresso." how does that work, exactly?
Discover the Sierra Vintners Wine Trail Memorial Day Weekend! Tour 15 wineries in Sierra Foothills. Info & tickets @ www.sierravintners.com!
Driver of #wmata 36 bus improvising route because of #evictdc road closures. Doing a pretty good job too.
you know you have my votes for #obama2012, can I get a follow for the business chapter at your former school in the new year?
Nice to finally meet you!! If you still need phone help let me know. She is a real #coolkid :)
Sad truth... call for change RT : Fewer than 3% of #foster #youth will ever earn a #college degree.
Nice to see my tomalom today:)
I could be like the others and congratulate you on Facebook. But no Congrats can't believe you're a 3rd degree black belt now! :D
I'll fight him to the death in the mosh pit because that's a great ice breaker ;D
things that make you go Humm!
Support us :(
Currently destroying my PIAT!
Wow so it's my fault okay dhmu
I really don't have the patience for annoying bullshit today so fuck off.
Tim Bakdash gets 40 years in prison for hitting and killing U student last year
Come on baylor!
Fake Vomit Recipe, FYI: oatmeal, green and yellow food coloring. Simpler than anticipated.
I'm burning up!
WordPress both at SXSW is pretty cool ##
omg! I always wanted to g their, is it fun? :)
yeah!!! Boss
they kind of resembles him to
Hey Bro im Okay How about you ? xx
you mind playing a little later. We got a poetry showcase on at 9pm. Pm me.
Best companies to print ladies' tshirts and tanks? And go!
Wow! What a game. Hats off to KU. Stay strong Buckeye nation!!
Your BF's about to get F'd in the B!
How are you just waking up? Bitch I've been at school fr the past 1hr
Tonight -- MISSING by , starring
Quit playin games wit my heart!
": Eastwood & the people who go there are just all stupid." I ain't stupid so stfu. :)
NP RT : Both the book and DVD actually helped me back when I could still play, thank you!
Googled it! Thanks. I will check it out.
May 5 is my b-day. Is this good news about the moon or should i hide?
I'm definitely going to try!
It may be a hit, but Ronda looks miserable in that picture!
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL and NEVER let anyone tell you otherwise. I get called that all the time, just ignore it. :D $Mi£€!
I'm still looking for The Texas Renegade! Where are YOU?
We LOVE our fans! Especially when we see them at Wal-Mart in Tyler, TX!
Finishing up school work and then playing around with Ableton Live for the first time since I got my Alesis io2.
im watching the jersey shore and cutting myself
Going into the studio soon. New photos courtesy of David Nguyen coming soon. With your help #TeamOtenki 2012 will be amazing.
Now if he was blk, would anyone have "rescued" him? if he was in a well tailored suit and obviously looked lost, would a cop have helped?
Have you been slapped by the online rumor mill? HAHA!
Making Dr check-up apt on my phone w/ was 100 times easier than using health care provider's website.
just spent too much money at Costco...as usual
you deserve that and more!
#WhatILoveAboutTwitter Celebrity Parody Accounts
AWESOME!!!!story can't wait till chapter 1!!:)
holy crap....thats a lot of toppings on that bad boy lol
The source of this scientific survey??? MT : most minority moms back me because they want their sons to live long and prosper
am i feel the obligation for him now too? nope, of course not, i marrying him one day....my obligation is a #mahomie thing only(;
eu adoro o austin de mais
We're working on updating the website, and all sorts of other stuff - in preparation for #RMAF 2012!!!!
Beautiful Earth Day :Plant a tree today!
you can tell her, she's mine too (; lol
Still dont know how I woke up this morning and my dog buddy has a corn pop stuck on his ear. ??
Lord willing!! Why? Want me to comment? You know I'm not allowed to Tweet/text until the commercials. ;P
Did I missed something or did the Clippers not wear their Blue-away uniform all season ?
Okay that awkward moment when my followers don't answer me
It was cold all day until I layed my brother to rest
choreographing with arvie. without you by
Extra rehearsal at #Berklee tonight my mom's being a pain about it -_-
Seeing for the first time with his band. They are killing it.
A good couple of hand balls on that score by Fabiano.
u @ the game tonight
haven't been on this hoe in a min... What's good? Who got some new music to be shared?
"There is no water in Russia, there is only vodka!" we still need to make our trip to Russia.
I agree. Already the sports show are on it. It was game one. Today is a new day. Win tonight.
BIG thx 2 everyone who participated in #aad12. It was great 2 have such a passionate, informed & dedicated group of advocates from
I enjoyed the ending of cabin in the woods more than the Mavs game.
thanks for the follow and for all the tips.
if #thomyorke knows you exist then you know you're alive
North Dakota State has extended a scholarship offer to Hudson sophomore Alex Herink.
Thanks you!
Wow! #Giants really are going to win this game, huh?
Ah Thanks Brent !!! RT : love the pics, lyssa. Looking good.:) and you look like you're enjoying yourself.:)”
that rare moment when flights you were looking at actually DROPPED in price (!)
do it! Then maybe she'll give you Greyson's number then you could give it to me XD
it's an irregular tho and that's the last question I have and I have to have it filled ouuuttt omg
for what??? For all the great things you are HERE to accomplish, enjoy your week Keep it up :)))
You looked so pretty in iCarly it was awesome thanks for making it amazinglike
haha I want to meet all of them
if i didn't love you guys so much "Literary Map of the Hamptons" would probably merit an unfollow :o<<<
RT : Don't ever be afraid to start over especially if your current situation is bad. (great message!)
Countdown to nap time: 6 hours.
always be a hopeless romantic. Never give up C:
RT : Lisa Valentino: Take your Money out of AdNetworks. Most of them will be gone in 12 month.
always feels nice to get a hit on a publication at a high ranking first rate journal after it has been turned down by a third rate journal
Damn you Bieber >:S
ive bin voting all day for u guys, please follow back ? :)
my favorite hair on jordan was when he had the blonde.
I just need to survive the next 8 days.
will try to dig one up :-)
Thank you for getting that stuck in my head.
will be joining us.
NCAA UPDATE: Ohio to play Michigan on Friday in Nashville.
Just turned my t.v on so I wouldn't fall asleep. . Got me 2 cups of cool-aid Lol !!! #LoveMyBaee <3
Happy Mother's Day! <3
I wish my heart was always on his mind, cuz he's on mine like all day all the time.
"the key is wetness"
I bet you have mate! They keep that stuff pretty quiet tho.
just made a mistake w/ that one. The call was long, but it was fluid.
getting my oatmeal late breakfast. i've gotta sew today, 4 last outfits to throw together!
I have learned that "The Grass is Greener, Where it Rains" so much for "on the other Side"! ~ ;)
Thanks! I was looking for something to talk about tomorrow on the Living Show.
Philly Sports: #Eagles Notebook: No doubting Syracuse safety Thomas signed with
What is Elston's turnover per touched ball ratio? Has to be crazy high.
OMG So freaking scared!!! Tornado!!
My 11:11 wish is for to follow me(: it would make my night! I would go wake my sister up and yell in her ear(:
Faith and fear cannot exist in the same place at the same time. And I'm not such a big fan of fear.
Check out the Dash for Detection! Pancreatic Cancer Research event.... great cause!
I am dude.
RT Fireman Ed + the rest of Jets nation, I'm gonna play my heart out 4u> this fan appreciates that attitude!
trying to win stuff, get jobs, and finish school... *sigh* only the school part is working out for me
00066b Wed 18apr12 . Clock out 1915p . Prepare documentation for funding Phase II of The China Outpost
Enjoy your youth. Don't waste it on looking for something you don't need.
happy seven days till your birthday big bear
no worries. It happens.
Felt good popping the 3 blisters i earned yesterday
This is part of how I got such great photos! #Powershoot June 10! ALL DAY just bring yourself and get multiple looks! Only $50 deposit!
lol pretty much buh text me doe,
Good Night everyone! Remember if your struggling with the natural hair or product process, please don't hesitate to call me at...
lol I really really really want to go. We would have an actual good chance of meeting him tho
Oh thank God, you almost gave me a heart attack. :)
"There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear ... " 1 John 4:18
Signs you know your date isn't going well. "Hello, I'm Chris Hanson."
Tom Gleason of MassHousing: transforming Jackson Square is good business.
we just passed the Vegas Strip!
that sounds so great.
Q2 #Foodiechats via #RamonWOW What are your #AllTime favorite toppings on your #Pizza - prosciutto with arugula and figs
When is that change gonna come knocking on my door?
Nice choice my friends
I'm trying to get a lil vacation going! I'll text you later about it more. I just wnted the thought to brew in your head lol
Even though we lost it was still a good game :) thanks babe for everything
2011 was so great we only hope for more
": When boys lick there lips>>>> #sosexy" Lip biting ... #Evenbetter mm
The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread.
My phone's about to die so I'm tweeting from my boyfriends. :)
Right on, conveniently enough those should be available in the next couple weeks. We'll keep you posted.
Also at Estate Boutique in Chapel Hill, NC
“: I just scorched microwave popcorn. Ladies and gentleman, 31 years old!” Whatever it tastes way better burnt!
If you are reading this right now : Have a good morning- no matter what is going on in your
Rode over w/ the #daddarioaustin guys to downtown Be sure to get some free at Rustys on 7th // at
Keep in mind, STL bench is empty, despite TLR's benevolent managing. #STLCards #Rangers #DidIUseBenevolentCorrectly?
Truth is I miss him..alot
Just picked up the rental upon arrival in Vegas but the roof rack came loose. Had to leave a VM for Hertz... unhappy family.
missing for a moment the absurdity of performing country club puppet show birthday parties... in July. //puppetpeople.com/
“You have to create your own world whatever way you can. life can be really hard, you have to fight your own battles, but you'll find help”
Busy day ahead of me...legGO get this day started :-)
Yes a busy 1 4 me too but productive!! Thanks!!:-)
Rihanna becomes designer for Armani Rihanna was the new face of Armani Jeans and Underwear , replacing actress Megan Fox. She fronted the
What u gonna play? Where p cruiser at?
Witches Heal!
Dwntwn hotels & bizs have the right to be dissappointed too. I'm not a Jags fan, but Tebow would've brought in out of towners
Thanks for sending that out!
For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth. – Bo Bennett
Follow me please :D,.
lol! Love this!
Camel caretaker...
Managed to make it through today's NY Times crossword without screaming like a little girl.
Ticket Oak and crying Verizon commercials need to go to hell.
Jerry Bergonzi last night was excellent. A really unique voice that too many jazz followers have never heard of.
So basically if we both walked in somewhere infested with roaches & lizards, we'd probably rather be dead. Sounds good lol.
ouch that cuts deep
OMG I hate all da 6 graders in my skool except 1! They all annoying, rude, & think they all that! And i only like a couple of 7th graders!
Just added to the #wfx expo floor Aspen Group
#FF & , two awesome & empowering #PdPlus friends!
Well, I'll be in Chi for graduation next week. Let's meet up!
Never in my life have I been so against sleeping, I don't want to for at least one year. And then go back to normal. Lol a
What determines if your a nice guy or not simply comes from what you do after they disagree.
Tan lines.
Kid"n"Play
Oh ya gets to use this account now
"What's your tangible good?"-me
#AFS11 "u must get in touch w ur inner famine"- ukranian elders
Us too! RT : We agree! RT : We are a little biased here but everyone should support
Well the interstate bridge is completely stopped. This is fun.
“: #SXSW SLOTS STILL AVAILABLE?” email - nathanonearth at g mail dot com
Chat: Rangers host Royals
Let Me Know the next time u fill ur shoes up with this high ass gas!
I am exhausted. When do we get to sleep?
Jeff Saturday to the I like it!
today is May 18, 2012. which means...
one most + till school is over. plz get over now
Tech in schools has been used toward efficiency rather than learning and imagination
I was on a rooftop in Harlem!
alright duck
The order may seem backwards, but after a long day you have a hot bath first, THEN a bourbon neat at the bar next door before bed.
Gorgouse you are
fuck they changed it!!! I dunno how to search even!!
Ok, will NOT be taking anymore detours. I am glued to my chair!
So, I checked... since I got my , I've lost nearly 7.5 lbs in less than six weeks. I'm okay with these results. Onward!
This song is every word I left unspoken
Young Jeezy's new video "Leave You Alone" is a great mini movie.
New faster network and wifi in my office can mean only one thing . . . Wimbledon on the office laptop!
Northern CA Tour being booked for May!
10% corporate discount now available!
hahahahah i absolutely love this.
Hold the phone, people are seriously headed to a midnight premiere of #ThinkLikeAMan? That ish cray!
“: pleading his case that #packers are the most annoying...”// and the most recent Champs!
?Energy (positive/negative) is contagious: You either affect people or you infect them
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days. - Lao Tzu
connection to God, its not meant for you to understand. Tongues can be translated which at that time the holy ghost is present.
food> if I had some tho.
Shirtless bum spotted at 39th and Roanoke. In my mind that officially means it's summer. In March.
Time for MISSION IMPOSSIBLE 3-GHOST PROTOCOL on my couch, one of my fav places to be.
#JeffcoK12 this is great
. : obviously Internet is enabling speaking truth to power. Its open nature, however, is not assured in the future
I got a subscription to rolling stone after a class in criminology their are a similarities between psychos and musical artists.
awwe i miss u to love:/ and me anna and deanna want u abck the most!!! we keep bugging farias to bring u back!!
I know. I notice that when he took his shades off.
CONGRATS 2 the Class of 2012!
are you saying that just because what rock as put you through in years past.lol.
It is called Facebook. not ProblemBook.
Ritz always gets picked up at parties.
you must be #TeamHeat :|
ayy did u change ur number?
i m glad u are!! love u!!
Almost #Friday!
How's the wrist?
So happy to hear that you're coming back to youtube!
(: Awe I Remember When I Made My 4 Letter Word Video For Him But He Never Seen It <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Got all my orders done, now I'm ready for my vacation.
Man yelling "we will never take you for granite"
Oh na na... what's my name?? No, seriously, what's my name!
haha i just wanted to mess with you :)
i started a marketing assistant job about 2 months ago and can't believe all the walking i get to do
u should b smokin right now wake & bake that's whut I'm doin
Correct but how do you explain him driving off a cliff while falling asleep @ the wheel? I don't have the facts but it adds up.
damn that grinds my gears when girls say " all guys are assholes" obviously you've been hooking up with the wrong guys or talking with them
Why do people still ride around with bubble tented windows like seriously not that it was ever ok lol
I wish #ClintHurdle was the #Reds manager.
A recent survey found that 44% of people plan to dine at a restaurant for Valentine's Day! Are you one of them?!
Wish there was a way to figure out what's open today in Brooklyn. It's not bad outside and I really don't want to waste another day!
Prelinger - for solutions, let's look homeopathically - to allow us to back off if solutions works than the problems
make two dreams come true but following me nd 31
honesty is key & happy to see you being vocal on where you are with Slade & getting married! Rock on!
“: If you don't like La Dispute, chances are I hate you”
#iabccleip copyright notice is free and let's ppl know your work is proprietary. Do it.
I've been here before 10,000. Wish I would have tweeted you more :/
Is she wearing a saftey patrol vest under this jacket
I want to be a part of it...
I heart you, tony!!
ok thanks just making sure
You've gotta admire Hawk Harrelson for still giving his HR call even when he has to wait a few seconds to ensure the ball went out.
If you saw the first 10 minutes of 9News last night, you can see why it is important to provide education and discourage drunk driving.
Last question of the week and last chance to win a plush throw. Answer True or False using #acsskin. RT and get a second entry!
Who else other than Don Draper can cheat on his wife with another mans wife and then clock the husband for calling him on it?
Nothing worse than sneezing into your beard.
that's how it feels like for me every time I go home! Weird huh.
This is awesome, tune in to now if you lub da wub: “: with your #DailyDoseOfDubstep”
sup bro!
she was driving a brand new bmw suv, i dont think she was a poor lady, toting an iphone 4s and wearing atleast a 50k ring :P
RT : Some heavy business hath my lord in hand,
Go on, watch your sports.
My brothers and I keep talking in English and mom said, "what? What? What are u talking? What? " ^_^
Missed the game but was watching the twitters very carefully...
I need things. I need corn and I need a snake.
Our Deer Valley location is now swirling NSA Coffee. Mango and Strawberry Lemonade are on deck, look for them over the next few weeks. Yum!
What's your quaility? How much are you worth? Don't depreciate your fashion value....
PuBlic bathrooms.. Eeww
Finally a day off..time 2 make music not just play it!! Tomorrow spinnin Coppertop Bar at day and MotherLoaded Tavern at night!oh hey! haha
I know... the timing was... surreal.
Our teams are out and about tonight: talking, selling, smiling...
Just added 2 new photos to the Spring/Summer Line Album. Check them out and let us know what you think!
Thanks for the follow! Miss You!!!
fallen.zer0 is my yahoo ID. :) How you be, MC?
Is that the back of the concession stand at the Marcus Amphitheater? I think you can see that from Lakeshore State Park.
Cody is in arizona doing a sound check!
That's awesome!
Is he reacting to the product placement? RT : Mason King pic in ad looks like he thinks it's BS
WSOP Main. Sigh. Always interesting to look at the numbers. Chances of me losing all 4 out of 5 all-in pots I plyd? 0.6%. Yep! Pretty sick.
Yay! See you soon! :)RT : Super pumped for training tomorrow at ! See you bright and early!
I am at a women's networking event where they are talking about very basic SEO. Yawn
Thank you for speaking to us! RT : Thank you for including me in your story!
U WELCOME!
I keep coughing! D;
You're fine! and I'll probably sit in the back, but you guys can come sit up there, idk lol I feel terrible right now
How are these data sets being accessed? What is the life span of electronic data vs traditional paper research? The costs are enormous.
I hate my life.. I cant live without you...
Old boy better lawyer up and get some $$ bc thats beyond messed up
Wait what!? What station?
So say hello to falsetto in 3 .. 2 ...
Hitsugaya its so cool :P
I can't explain what happened over twitter!!! I'll have to tell you whenever I see you again!
you have to sign up but it's worth it
I am sorry to hear that. I hope your family member and friend are better soon.
. It's not a proposal--it's an illustration of how we live in a world of artificial scarcity and actual abundance.
DTF (dedicated,trustworthy,faithful!)
Suck my snake, AZ
maybe i roll a cigarette and make a coffee. or maybe i take a nap.
Interesting so far that future of book in digital world has not yet arisen as topic. How do you write IN digital age?
Shakespeare quote in #avengers made me happy.
new levels of disappointment.
Checking out 3D Printing at #betascape. Really cool!
He had minor "clean up" procedures every other year to keep wearing it.
#Hackleaf presentations are about to kick off! Let's see what our rockstar engineers came up with...
wearing anything adidas during a baseball game.. #nofeel slump busters on a Sat night
I'm looking for a few good So Cal shows to go to this week and check out some new bands. Anyone going to a good show!?!?!
Congrats Robert and Susan Downey on your new sweet baby boy, Exton Elias :D
Have I mentioned how sorry I am for everything nice I ever said about Ramon?
I hate the point of the night where the only new tweets I have are links from the New York Times. Makes me feel unsocial.
I just finished presenting View and demo'ing ThinApp for a 45 minute session. Follow up questions after, 45 minutes.....
Who gon stop me huh?
#CRM tools can be very customized for individual teams & firm members, that once growth starts somewhere, it may only expand. cc'
"We're both Gemini Vegetarians..."
screw the box! I think outside the straight-jacket
Ok- Leo/lady. If I want any tranny advice I'll keep you in the loop. Now go do your hormone treatment.
Hello to all new followers - hope to see some (all?) of you at likemind Chicago on 5/15 at Argo Tea at Adams and Dearborn!
Big Announcement: #Sprint chooses Boxwire for employee feedback! Welcome and thanks for joining Boxwire! Its a big day!
ROFL Jersey Floor ftw
u a mac guy? i have a DVD stuck in my macbook pro. and computer seems to in a way b frozen trying to read disc. grrr.
Thanks! Still having an issue, but think it's a server thing so we're just standing by while your excellent techs work on it! :)
I just got Ship Breaker by Paolo Bacigalupi I didn't realize the cover was so shiny. *rotates book to admire*
absolutely. Enjoy your weekend too.
I also need a new job, GAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWD, my dream job didn't call me back, brb, slitting my wrists. (JOKING)
eat shit pussy.
Yeah it is. And there is an abundance of it in the DC area. Is Chicken Vindaloo your goto Indian dish?
“: I keep waiting for a twitter trending topic to tell me I've died.” don't you know- you live forever.
#Brooklyn TNT 4 dj Mikey g
#livegive yeah and peppermint as well i love peppermint ice cream this time of year i know off subject.lol
Last flight of the day.
writing about a compter that longs to be a pencil, and author as elegantly....
some pics r there more tomorrow
im soo bored !!
RT "It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are." ~e.e. cummings. True Dat!
A Successful Woman is One Who Can Lay a Firm Foundation wit the Bricks that Others Throw at Her,Keep Throwing & She Will Continue to Build<3
ugh next time invite me!
RT WORD! Good advice! RT Tell one story and tell it well, rather than trying to cover all the bases
True, Nokia & SE seem to struggle, are you confident enough in Palm's progress to put $ where your mouth is & invest? :)
How #scottwalker in #Wisconsin take the #boxers off #publicemployee #unions & gaveem #panties? Talk about
don't understand why people still refer to 1D are a "secret." they haven't been a secret for like 8-10 months.........
That is an epic pizza.
Welcome to the IMSTEA Super Mileage Challenge Sponsored by Looking forward to seeing your video!
Dreams w/ faith & work
If you have to fight a swan being a pistol. That is the only thing that will keep it from hitting you with its mace-like head
camping and riding this wkend fun!
I had the scariest dream ever
I enjoy following because his face makes my feed worth looking at.
No apologies needed. You guys had an amazing year. 15-2? I'll take it! Stay hungry for next year! =)
you seem like you have it together. I like your tips! Glad I found you on here.
Historic Brumder Mansion Bed and Breakfast Large luxurious whirlpool rooms with fireplaces Special Event Promotions Call Monica 414/218-2202
Thanks for your comments on my blog! I'm also sensitive to higher prices when I've never read the author before.
I want a BLL. and some touch of lime tortilla chips.
Oh I may check that out! You know when I'm not watching #scandal for a second. Lol
Now, that's GRAVITAS!!
My only sewing needle broke off..... Motherfucker.
That's very sweet of you, Ella. Thank you.He is an amazingly warm-hearted young man (all credit to Mom).
RT : It all depends.will there be drinks? BtwI have no clue what Scandal is. // Blasphemy!!! Lol No booze 4 her
get to work!
I'm going to, we best be hanging
Why wait???
Happy 19th Birthday :')
Work is making me really competitive.
#your3words ---- Follow Your Dreams
ice cream sounds gud!
Nice finish, #Gators. Good night for baseball, softball, and lacrosse.
I love how, in scary movies, the person yells out, "Hello?" As if the bad guy is gonna be like, "Yeah, I’m in the kitchen! Want a sandwich?
Cannot believe he jst did tht... But aight. Bet
Glad to hear ur feeling better now and back on youtube with new videos :))))))))) we missed ya
Okay followers i have an important question. My friend says a boob and a tit arent the same thing is he right or wrong? (we r arguing ab ...
Me! But you'll lose some innocence in the process... RT : I need a stylist. Any takers?
I really want to charge for a webinar. I'm so tired of all the free ones.
so nice of you #shoutout, looking forward to your tweets!
Earn your respect.
Just saw 'The King's Speech'. Amazing movie!
Central Florida rap artist looking for video airtime send a mp4 of you edited music video to
- haven't done Branch out. I blocked it for some reason. Stuff being posted on my page or something.
No forget about it until we own a champ before Melo! Ever heard of playing with chip on shoulder?
its my 16th birthday and i would love to get a shout out from you :) you said you remember me from the meet and greet!
gee thanks! I'm blushing :)
thought i lost my canon charger but i just found it thank god
i wont (: hahaha its that one on our bus right?
Just upgraded my main #Ubuntu desktop in about three clicks. Can't do that with
Drive to the city to rage or stay at my moms in the burbs and wake up early. So many choices.
Bad experience at your Spring Hill, TN store today. Multiple examples of poor service and completely disappointed.
Hi Jodi! I was just saying we lost touch.:-) Look forward to meeting in person in June!
Friday is a perfect day to figure out this whole #Google+ thing. Pretty neat!
and White Castle.
love what you guys are doing. Let's work together!
Its sad how these men treatin these down ass females.you said you love her but behind her back while yo phone off you fuckin roun'
okay u know what food you want and budget?
great show Steve.... Time to go catch the game G'night all!
Well, shucks. No #TBJ No Season Required tour stop in D.C..
if i tweeted more often less people will find themselves bored with the #Funation you cant flood the market.
"Any good music must be an innovation." ~Les Baxter
And the presidential candidate I would most like to have a beer with reward goes to....
Ryan Braun tests positive for steroids and can face a 50 game suspension to begin the year
I was just about to say you copied me haha yeah walking back up the hill now
when does glee project start?
thanks so much for coming:-)
Steady stream of voters @ Turkey Thicket.
We wish you all a safe and enjoyable New Years! 2011 is going to dominate 2010!
No energy for the heat right now this is sad
if you are a Red Sox columnist, you should be able to add more value in your tweets than play by play...don't you think Amalie?
Cannot wait to see what you capture! #amazingidea!
I'd ride for my niggas if I had some worth it
A man who puts his hands on a female is not a man at all
“: #BELIEVEtour announcements this month...stay tuned” SO EXCITED!
/glare why must you muddy things up with facts?
no, silly me...what was I thinking? miss you - have you left to dig for dinos yet?
im bored. time to go stuff my face :)
You've got an awesome profile blurb. Thanks for the follow.
Tomorrow is living by #YOLO, no limits, talking bungee jumping.. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
my other ones hm ;)
I'm just here to have a good time, a little white chick a little white wine
I eat an insane amount of food everyday
Thank you Laurie for following us. We're launching this year & look forward to working with designers like you. All the Best ASTB
#LSCON how committed are you? Cop- out, hold-out, all-out
#annoying my mom always calls me Jordan
#hth2012 Caringal talking about dilemmas in digitization in the developing world
A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much a drink is. The bartender says, "for you, NO CHARGE"! HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA
Justin bieber already follows us.
By combining #linkeddata and #crowdsourcing, complex semantic entities are born! The American Graffiti example blew my mind. cc
hell yea :)
Johnny, thanks for the mention.
Fear and Lathing in Las Vegas: a Gonzo carpenter and his attorney go on a drug-addled woodturning binge
Your boots and old baseball cap make my heart wanna tap dance. Love
That awkward moment #InSchool when you're playing with your pen in class and suddenly it flies across the room.
Yay! Let's fly kites!!!
The video game analogy is a game that starts easy to engage and teach a novice, then gets harder as he/she improves
Good morning to everyone, it's rainy here in Maine. Feel sick today, fever and very tired but the world doesn't stop, either do the bills
Happy Holidays, #LasVegas!
Cool I like Pink to!
well, i'm not surprised. once you receive an award from the sta, what else is there?
The system won't give us opportunity, we just need to dig deeper and create opportunities.
Lifted weights with a guy who is 68 that looks 45. I'm gonna do what he's been doing...
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
thanks for the mention and coffee. :) Have a lovely weekend.
And here come those Steve Blake led Lakers!
What did Rex Huddler just say about Puerto Rico? My goodness. What a dum dum.
This script's entire first draft was written under the influence of major caffine
where you sat boo real loud and annoying lol and they do it right in your face lol
We invite you to renew the Foundations of your Faith tonite. The decision does not need to be emotional, just a made up mind.
Lots of greets from last night saying great things about Avengers. Huh.
Something two horrible things are happening to me right now and I can't cry ? I don't get it .....
Got to sing with my wife tonight. I've missed that SO much.
I suspect it's possible the owners of the condo I rent may be facing foreclosure. Nothing definite. Will be fun to see how this plays out.
Thanks for the pic, we'll get working on it > 21st and 5th ave sink hole in middle of the street please help
thank you!!! He did. It was his "birthday" too. First day he arrived at my home, little orphan JoJo Dancer, lol
let me see u dance c;
#RT if u still awake
Smile, tomorrow is Friday!! Gotta love the weekends. www.kravitzdental.com
I...hate...this place.
it better cause thus cold stuff at the end of April could ruin a person.
Everything I do, reminds me of you
S/O to my new follower :)
love ya babe ;)
very true rt yes cuz she's on camera she's such a drama queen lol she cry all the time
thanks for following me! It was great to see you in ATL, looking forward to seeing you in #Vegas this week! Safe travels :)
I have the strangest urge to watch Armageddon today. I haven't thought about that movie in years. Why now?
I dont think I ever been so sore in my lifee!
To understand what genuine looks like you have to measure motive and actions. The fruit will speak of truth.
Good Mawning Tweeps! Hope you all had a fabulous weekend!
Give it to Durant!
The New York Big Football Giants
Successful Troll
I just want to feel better :((
‘Abdu’l-Bahá is having lunch with the minister and some friends. He promises to return to Montclair to see them again.
I hate las vegas i will NEVER comebck.
lmao don't yu got a gf to help that issue
I am a bad liar…thats why i prefer telling the truth…
*Gets a text*.. .*Grabs Phone*. .*Reads Name*. ..*Lays phone back down without replying* ¯\(<U+30C4>)/¯
He sure is. Thanks for coming to campus. The show was great.
Totally true - nothing beats face-to-face. Is it ok to tweet that?
Awww My Condolences To Your Church Family! =[
this is the side scrolling game that became TMNT 2 on NES, right?
Can u pls RT? Livestream tonight with to hear more about his new show! Go to for details!
Oh, the Knicks are saving their energy for their big game tomorrow with Milwaukee?
Kristen! Be Careful!
Fucking bitches these days.Sorry, I didn't know your ex made your decisions for you.Thats cool bro, let me know when you get your balls back
Weird snowstorm getting you down today? Escape to the library!
Man ah den LEAST ah mi problem!!!
Oh, to be Prince Caspian, with nothing to return to but the demons in their caves
Jack Swagger's new tights makes him look like an American Gladiators castoff.
Get you Safety Dance on 2nite w/ Men Without Hats. Show at 8:30. Over 21. Tix at door. You can dance if u want to.
Evening on the computer. Downloading statements, updating profiles. Incremental progress. Tired eyes.
RT : Enservio Named a "Powerhouse Elite Pacesetter" in the Boston Business ...: "Enservio has been on a rapid growth ......
I heard they were having tech problems. Don't see it myself. RT: : Wow. Cee Lo cut his jazz fest set short. Wtf?
Girl: (singing) Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way! Old McDonald had a farm and jingled all the way...HEY!
I'm real bad at sitting on the floor.
so wonderful to hear that! thank you!
Brilliant today !
Nene' next show should be bad girls club
Congratulations, I think?
Hot date on a Saturday night...sitting in the waiting room at Patient First. Don't be too jealous!
oh, that explains everything. now i know why most pennsylvanians are so... well, um... unique. ;)
That Mean When You Gone Text me!
I don't know...you do seem sorta suspicious...lol
#countdown 8 days. Still haven't packed. Still haven't stoped smiling. Persian New Year resolution in progress :)
Why is lemonade made with artificial flavoring yet dishwasher soap is made with real lemons? Surely the answer is in a book, right?!
I wish we could stop caring about the size of our jeans, bigger or smaller. Instead we should care about our health.
": Five Jell-O flavors that flopped: celery, coffee, cola, apple, andchocolate." Just think : chocolate jello shots!
new girl is my fave show(: i love it to!
maybe true in the UK, but absolutely does not apply in the US.
I, somehow, didn't feel the earthquake. I'm actually a little bit bummed out!
Fun Fact of the Day: Elephants can communicate using sounds that are below the human hearing range:between 14 and 35 hertz!
thank you
Bitches Ain't Shit !!! But Woman Ain't Bitches. . . See Woman Are The Queens, & Bitches Just Bitches. . . #FuckWithTheREAL !!
Found at LEAST 25 deer ticks on Rocky after that run. We will not be going back there.
Let's shoot together! Sounds like you went to the gym with my wife this morning. Small world...
Looking forward to seeing the World Premiere of Eshet Rosh Hamenshala, directed by Tzipi Trope.
Perfect response to siding & storm window telemarketer. I live in apartment 2B.
merry Christmas to u to
Party!....... because! ": Shout out to b/c I'm following him now!! #holla"
Movie recommendation is Forrest Whitaker in "The Last King of Scotland"
Two dollars worth spending :) #Sundae !
hey eugene! do you know if there's a #kony12 video with Spanish subtitles?
arugula salad, tomato, basil, feta, walnuts, and raspberry vinaigrette. Good bachelor dinner if I say so.
thats nice :) hes a pretty cool dude.
Amen, however,with Cobb back there they may have something in the return game. Rule might help and hurt them at the same time
#YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf you just copy other peoples tweets and then post them as if you wrote the shit...smh!
LMFAOO I'm cracking up :D
Oh, I am excited to have you following me, I hope to see your tweets and what you are doing,it's been so long since Miami Vice
New York would love to ship you some snow.
Though I think he would have fit just fine, given recent form.
good!! Now that I am with my sweet #jimmyjgirls ;) haha how are YOU!?
I need to be hookin up with more latino chicks.
27 days until coffee at Kudu. 27 days until the opening of The Elephant in My Closet 27 days until
Got my a machines on the table, got my b machines in the drawer.
Big & Tall sale this week only! 20% off 2XL CGTP Metropolitan tee, CCH Sid tee, and EQIL Dash and Gianni tees! Promo code bigandtall
polls don't win election.they should do polls in the InnerCity as well to hear our views.
Guth, Annie, Bret, Mike and Gordon are running great ! 6:30 pace for most, running 9 minutes ahead of schedule now.
Well this day turned out to suck and I am not looking forward to school tomorrow
how is yo day
: thanks for the follow. I am a prostate cancer survivor.
2 innings 2 lead off doubles
will be delivered as a service via #cloud. First use case healthcare at my insurance co. hum. Hope it works!
please hurry with Mac version, my Mac is useless without PhraseExpress
Go buy another round and its all on me, as long as I'm around, put it down on me!
I do love wedding shows, but I still don't get David Tutera-he's better than Barbara Walters at getting the tears...
so whats everyones favorite brand of milk
AP Euro test is in 12 days. We're not even to WWI yet.
Thank goodness only a couple days!
Interesting #49ers met w/ Peyton Manning.. I called them darkhorse landing spot once saga began. Would be huge upgrade if he's healthy.
Actually, I am. Just found out from you!
Watching First Kick on #KSMO #SportingKC vs Vancouver tonight.
Beka& the Gin Hall Hustlers - Great country band, give em a try. We're giving full support.10/10 from us." Hannah, Country Musicxxx
the anonymous effort..
Great point, and thanks!!
yes she is! Her parents Stanley Tucci and Patricia Clarkson are hysterical!
Thank you! You're leaving Friday right?
Good question... RT : wonder what we are going to do when inflation kicks in and drives oil to 150 again
Good A.M. everybody!! Have a wonderful Wednesday! :-)
Bumped into the new mayor during lunch today. Almost literally; the sidewalk on commerce is narrow!
Buffett at Alpine is announced is announced, about dang time. better start planning, 08/25 is right around the corner...
No hit perfect game today
Good morning Thanks for following! Welcome to Twitter!
I feel so horrible that you have physiology left. I've had enough of the body systems for one day. Your life sucks :(
thanks for the follow and following back
Some working moms are taking less maternity leave. Recent survey found 1 in 10 moms took just two weeks or less! More at 12
Hi Lisa, back from #140mtl...when can we talk #SeeSaw? Would love to give you a guided tour!
Theres This Curly Hair Dude At The Gym! :D Ah remind Me Of Harry (:
I Love When Guys Step Up Nd Say Dats Dey Baby.,!
Dry Cry..
And I don't trust OKC against the Lakers.
I second the T-Mobile vote.
Your day sounds Tres Fun - Hope you retailed/ran/spa'd your way to nervana!
#1omf is something serious..
thank you ^^
no! we just rep some of the nominees :) how are you?!
When you don't need to give your lunch card to the lunch lady because you go to her line all the time
It took me 35 minutes to eat one protein bar.
sorry havnt been on twitter that much ill follow you all back later (y)
Writers everywhere owe a great debt of gratitude. Thanks for everything that you do!
Ok. I should have known it was someone in the band. Lol
I wish it was the championship game!
oh that friend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Ask, and you shall receive: And Willie, for what it's worth, I'm happy to provide feedback re: copy.
Got Spring hating on me & I ain't even sprung -Wayne #PunchLines&Subliminals
The are looking to hire a web manager to help develop and edit online content. Visit the booth for more info!
Sometimes I really wish life came with a manual. At least then I'd have the choice whether or not I wanted to read it.
After a bad season in the #NFL, the two most popular people on any team will always be the next #headcoach and the backup
We are each planted to eventually produce something that is bigger and greater than us . . . What are you producing?
#manxfootball Congratulations to IOM National team. Great match!
My favorite Davy Jones memory is when I had to persuade him to sing at a high school dance.
Wow! What a comeback
what up... I'm bored to... What's the topic of the day
Our Newsletter has been sent out! Would LOVE to hear your feedback on today's Newsletter!
I wish I were cooking.
man if i need a 3 for 50 u gon
yes. it is. are you working on an infosec startup? cc:
New season of My Babysitter's a Vampire!? Yes! I love Benny (: I think that's his name (:
Ever wondered how we buy, trade, or sell you clothes? Click on our "About" link to find out more info!
How's about you make me?!
justin didnt get to go to prom cause hes homeschooled BBY I CAN TAKE YOU TO MY PROM IN 2015 IS THAT IGHT WICHU? HOLLA @ ME OK
RT : Cancer or Pisces. People should appreciate them more : Which sign get screwed over the most in relationships?
Good Monday morning! Great day to let us help with your screen print separations, design needs & digitizing...we also offer oversize films..
loving the show ladies Godtv Congrats!
watching "into the woods" on netflix. i remember watching this show on tv w my mom when i was little. it came on once every 10yrs
I better get my chicken and spaghetti too
Toby Keith's performance on the CMAs >>>>>> haha, that was the
doesn't like me :( I'm glad and do.
GetGlue has betrayed me for the last time!
Today is my sisters birthday! HAPPY BIRTHDAY KEANI!!!
Why is it when I see the Nuggets I think of Blubber Nuggets from Fairly Odd Parents? Lmao
if you moved, who is the yelp sd person now?
Its official! I submitted my final paper for seminary! On april 28th I will walk with my Masters of Divinity (M.Div)!!!
“: Got my friends in Seattle hooked on #NorthernRednecks” We're all family.
Yellow gatorades are a lifesaver
Productive day thus far. Not bad.
Tomorrow it's on at 57 West. All Star Weekend Finale From 3pm-4am. Myself and DJ Brooklyn will be in the mix!!!! Lock In Lets Go!!!!
Really happy they just let me sign the bar
Just took the most amazing shower of my LIFE<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
“Like” this post for a chance to win A FREE SET of Regular Rain-X Wiper Blades valued at $28 (winner will be chosen at random)
i said when not where honey badger :)
P.S. I'm a big fan and have almost all your books (missing Body of Martin Aguilera, which I've given up hope of finding)
who's gettin married?
2 months until Peru!!
It goes without saying this is tragic and disgusting! Unfortunately Iran has a history of executing gays with no end in sight.
So far 2012 has brought 60 degrees or higher 12 times to Sea-Tac! (last year same time: only twice)
great!! save travels!!! :)
Fact: the residents of Ward8 get to pick who represents them. Sorry this offends.
Finally got my iPod back!!
good night & god bless may many blessings come your way always to u & ur loved ones ;)
Writing labels based on visitor curiosities, perceptions- great idea not often implemented
Shonda Rhymes is a genius and Sara Ramirez has vocal chords of steel.
OH "This site is so not optimized for mobile! FUCK!"
Umpires in regular uniforms? Not throwback jackets-and-ties? Come on MLB. Kind of weak...
I don't like you.
four papers written, now a test to study for and a speech to memorize. yaaaay for insane weeks...
oh, harder.
Nice to meet you today! In real life finally!
buell ;) motorbike burnout
Great show by and Slide at in # Chicago last night. Great traditional #Celtic #Music!
After Empire Records, this might be my second favorite soundtrack.
Been watching a ton of RG3 tape and coming away very impressed with Kendall Wright. Don't let poor 40 time fool you, he can ball.
I also wrote a paper in college on The Death of Atemio Cruz
Nuttin just work in world history class.
Goodnight sexy ;)
nigga u ain't the queen of England!
Ever raced the Milwaukee mile.
The guy on the elevator just farted & is acting like he didn't. Say oops or sorry 4 making me feel like I just rode the elevator to hell
Cracky on muni said he's gonna take a crap on the floor if they don't open the doors. I hope he doesn't.
yeah mang you'll be all good stay focused and dig deep
Virtue is insufficient temptation. ~ George Bernard Shaw
always nice to meet a
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that pisses u off all the time, but ya'll still kick it.
On my way to the Ball with Ann Hathaway among the performers... Will get back to you all later tonight!
Wow look at you miss critic... Honestly I only think about four or five singers can actually win this things
Also, being ignored is another one of my pet peeves.
And by dark addiction, I mean that you thrill the parts of my personality I pretend aren't there.
Um, like to be teacher or pharmacist. But, what im trying to say is what do you see yourself doing in the future? :)
Welcome to twitter!! :)
If you have the time to tweet or update your status, use the time to tell your girl 'hey' or that you love her.
Only ended up waiting 40 minutes for the IRS to answer... #LostCheck?
ok...so can we agree that these are the best pacemate outfits of the series?
Ahh the suns out ! So in the mood to just sip on some margaritas!
Love that you're watching AND using our #! RT Let's go Wolves! The whole family is watching in San Fran!!!
Just touchdown at to watch my 42-0 MONEY TEAM..... RETAIN THE GOLD!!!!! ALL BETS ARE FINAL!!!
Mother-daughter lunch :-)
journalism...fun
Bet, we gon' talk..
mine was great what about yours beautiful
haha why the hell are you wearing a shirt while you swim?
Your #parents are probably
Apps! Thoughts? RT : had posited apps earlier as a possible bridge but we didn't discuss.
My thoughts exactly.
Had a nightmare last night that I was responsible for the software on your non-TiVo DVR.
Thanks to everyone that took part in our live feed last night. It was a lot of fun chatting. We hope you like how the new song turned out.
John Ruskin~ When love and skill work together expect a masterpiece.
#FF These companies & BOSSes! I love them. You will too.
lookin good! Oops I meant Michelle not you LOL!
4. CQ Today/CQ.com article on Senate Intel panel approval of NCTC director despite GOP Gitmo objections (+intelauth Gitmo provision rundown)
RT : At the store I asked for 50 condoms. 2 girls behind me started giggling. I turned around, looked them in the eyes a ...
On a scale from 1-10 how gay is this guy?
Many thanks for your RT.
I wish my grades smoked weed so they would get higher.
Do you have a comprehensive marketing campaign via print, web, audio & video as well as emerging mobile and interactive media technologies?
RT : Call for Writers: Childhood, Fatherhood and Play - Eric Henney invites fathers to write about the role of free play...
Collins said not having to play "gut busting" last 2 games helps as well, but anticipating Sat afternoon tip on short turnaround vs
ugh iloved ny when i went, all it does is rain here blahh its so boring
You must be so proud. His work saved countless lives. Thanks for sharing.
Price Waterhouse just arrived on red carpet. A pantsuit and rented tuxedos. Really? Really??
I feel like I've been dead for three days.
I know!
Well we love you so of course were gonna trend
more den enough lol
Hi Swanee, thanks for the follow. Magdalena
If U missed the killer show 2Nite, U have 2 more chances this wkend..Marysville-Friday..Seattle @ the HardRockCafe -Saturday
#museweb Jules, it does seem that would be the best of worlds. Involve the different depts rather than one person responsible for the whole
is there a "which tab is currently playing audio" plugin for chrome?
maybe. sort of. but then. I remember.
I hated Blair at first, but def B > S now.
I don't think I'm doing it right.
JoeJonasIsPERFECT is trending WORLDWIDE! I wonder if has noticed...
LinkedIn: "Your headline should say who you are without reading your profile." -
want to work on a short film in VA. during a weekend in May? Let me know.
good morning #Bestie! I miss your face;-) hope all is going well!! Gotta go in to work again from 5pm to 2am
brianna husband gone be like hurry the fuck out the bathroom doinn yo hair u been in there for 3 fuckinn hourss bre gone be like shut tf up
hardly upstaged! I'm just loud, to the chagrin of many! ;)
SF press box is awesome and almost directly behind HP, which also makes it a bit treacherous for foul balls
I feel like there should be a rule that a gloomy Monday morning means you get to go back to bed and start your day at noon.
Dude, can't stand Ed Hardy. Even worse are the rhinestone tees with the matching hat and sneakers.
Trying teach myself a new Decemberists song on the guitar. "I was meant for the stage"...
Do you have a publicist/agent/manager I can talk to for a potential branded op? Let me know, thanks!
RT HyundaiNowTest Hyundai Sonata makes the list of top-selling cars and trucks in the U.S. in August! Check it out at: apne.ws/oxYOSK.
9 more days...
A glorious monday! just had the strangest audition ever--more like an open mike than a regular audition!
Had a blast! See ya Wednesday ;)
Well.. Its that time again. I need someone to suggest some new #books for me. Im out of #reading material.
“: Can't wait for the reds game tomorrow” can't wait to see you :$
u awake beez
nope, just extremely turned on seeing at 800 times his actual size. :)
something I can help with?
#FF The Best fans ever!
If Anybody Need Any Beats Hmu.. I'll Give You A Reasonable Price!
OMG Madonna rocks the world
I promise I'm not always that predictable in my tweets!
I WISH I COULD SING AT MY DESK!!! Bobbing my head & tapping my foot just isn't cutting it today.
Holy shit, I haven't smoked in two days!
Nothing like 3-game losing streak to remind oneself that media overuses term 'must win' like Worrell does 'cold blooded'.
Fraunhofer Institutes as example of good policy--connecting PhD students to manufacturing floor
Yes, please! -> RT : Anyone interested in a #cpd23 map? I was thinking of setting one up so we can see where everyone is
Hungry but there is no food here. Being pregnant and hungry is not a good combination...i soo hope I get one of these jobs. Tired man :(
Walking in LA at night w/ cat food in one hand and litter in the other is a great way to guarentee safety.
five star notebooks and trapper keepers were so #cool10yearsago that I want to buy one right now out of respect
O shittt what a fucking fight this is boxing!!!!!!!!!!
Between UT, Paris, Mexico, Afghanistan, N. Korea, and NY under tornado threat, kinda hard to concentrate on classwork!
going over the latest BIRP playlist.
Merry Christmas & Happy New Year to my marvelous Twitter & FB family.
The robot who managed the bodies in the Matrix was probably called the human resources director.
This week's show is now available on itunes, just search for "The Wired World of Sports" ... topics include NFL HOF, NFL, MLB, CCL, UCL ...
I've spent the last 3 days judiciously unfollowing everyone who posts anything political, and all the "comedians" I was following...
Balancing personal and professional selves online can be a struggle.
#WeLoveLilKim typo! loved
Shipping update: If you ordered before May 1 and have not yet received your , check your e-mail this weekend for your tracking #!
I'm feeling real good
A Few More Bank Security Questions via
Some of the #FANmily is still watching basketball in the Northwest: FTW. But we can still cheer on
You one too?
I'll be keeping my fingers crossed for you. SQUEEEE!!! Go Le!!! Go Clare!!!
Is this in the UK?
I dont think the #Packers uni's changed one thread. Even the waist of the pants is the same, all other teams have different pants.
insta regret how am I going to bear being by other people!
Not if the Badgers D keeps blowing coverage's......pathetic!
glad I'm not helping you move, Justin.
Just finished taking the Ralph Kimball ETL data warehousing Architect class. Have wanted to do it for years.
Better? O. More guests, I'm guessing. You could do a trust walk; play truth or dare?
DC Friends! To ! Cheers to gainful employment!
Someone needs to invent a mirror that takes pictures.
hi -- who had the purple hair and looked like one of the watchmen? Katy Perry?
just gave a tour to the founders. cool people & great service for Austinites looking for an alternative to standard taxis
el paso, texas
-someone should put out a translated version
Was it your work email?
Working on an important #YouTown App update scheduled for next week
How are you?! I barely see my favorite underclassman anymore! D,:
If I thought individual awards should be given, Masch is my defender of the season.
Dep. on your experience, GMAT/GRE may or may not be req'd. Have you spoken to your program manager? That's who can tell you for sure
that's good man.....i got a fam from Def Jam that's tryna get me in it...he a promoter...so I'm just waitin....
thanks for the follow! we were JUST talking about you with our friends at =) be in touch soon!
If you're wasting your time talking to me, why waste your time talking about me bitch.
You'll cash a serious ticket if you are.
Thanks. Now sitting on my iPad bookshelf alongside The Unhealthy Truth, Why We Get Fat and Primal Blueprint ;)
On the personal level, I seek out the person and try to hash it out one-on-one. Again, professional but not taking any BS.
Faith not just believing that God can its knowing that he will
Time for me to go and play my violin at my gig (concert).
just an FYI saw you coming in late, thanks for joining us
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. - Lao Tzu
Bitch just said "you can't give the ten bonus points to the hippies who don't know shit" clearly us hippies know shit if we won the points
Bikemore will be at the Downtown Partnership's CYCLE PLAZA event today, 5-7! Charles Center Plaza. Come say hi!
#healthtip: Listening 2 a song that inspires you within the 1st moments of waking up each morning will help get ur day off 2 a good start
"Thou shalt get a free coffee with a purchase of a donut." Frank 7:11
Happy Birthday Ms. Oprah! xoxoxo
Relaxing and watching the White Sox game
It will be a BIG PARTY! Cant wait.
Yes! Standalone Alpha lets me re-order components of multi-item citations! This is life-changing...
it's because you are to young
80 on my first test!! Good day
": #ToughLove casting Boston women! For more info email "
I adore this girl. She makes my day. <U+E415>
OH HAI ROB
u aint following me
Notable Birthdays: Bill Macy, Jack Whitaker, RObert Morse, Dwayne Hickman, Brooks Robinson, Albert Hammond.
Although I appreciate free food, someone needs to make me stop eating it
Much love! RT : Shouts to and you brought out Palm Springs, Riverside, LA, Vegas.
I had no idea there was such a passionate Studio 60 fanbase.
Los Angeles says #HelloJenCoolidge we missed you!!!!
ITS SHOWTIME AND DA SPOTLITE ON ME BABY...OK WELL NOT JUST ME BUT ILL B IN IT TOO LOL 142ND CHICAGO ROAD CLUB ANGELS...COME N CHECK US OUT
I bet you will black out and tweet it
thanks so much for the bday wishes! :)
we hav a problem
damn you telling them
Thanks for the RT!
Using permanent #Sharpie for #AAU tourney entrance receipt #YoureKillinMeSmalls!
Let's go Twitter Universe
I think it's a great achievement when an artist that was unknown 2 n e 1 in the us 2 yrs ago wins 2 highly converted
I just realized what song was in my head ..... fuck ....
I defy them!!!!! Who are they? That they says u can't be famous ,let's fight them and join me and watch me do it
Wow this nigka loaded the bases tho
Today's Special!!!! Buy a gram get one half off until 7pm on 03.16.11
good idea.
Happy Saturday :)
Very cool! RT Have you ever seen a dolphin in the wild? What about a pink dolphin? Just spotted one today on the Amazonas!
Jealous! I just finished Day 2...
come into the gym and train while your in
heavily invested. i put my all in it.. i hope i get the harvest iam looking for. or reward. what ever you want to call it
Yep its Friday!!! ^_^
Lol I have gray hairs too! Some people like it lol. Much, my body was just tired. No ma'am, thank goodness haha.
I be rap'n this song on coach Carter like I made it. LMAOO!!!!
if starks is hurt, i'm going to lose it.
Future newspaper headline might be: "U.S. Downgrades Standard & Poors Employees to Second-Class Citizens"
You in town?
saw that this morning too, dope interview.
Don't say you love me if you're not gonna stay.
We are really looking forward to participating in the Golf Tournament next week. Fingers crossed the rain stays away!
I am high on humor. Producer Bill humor. ;)
Aww..... Poor little brother has to use State bonds...boo fucking hoo
Do the gutless Koch brothers have the balls to debate ? At two-against-one she has them so outnumbered...
Can't believe it's 12/18. I still need to buy xmas gifts. If it weren't for football being on, I'd get right on that.
You are welcome!
but isn't it a square, and missing geo/meta data?
What is the most challenging thing you've done this year. Please share?
it's nothing! I have that info on deck like a boat.
Your so interesting
Excellent point Rich. You always dig into the data! I also see (hope?!) for unique outside-of-the-curve growth for SD market.
Let's have a pizza party when I'm no longer eating pieces of lettuce for lunch! ;) RT : Love Seeing on #Friday!!
Too bad, he's funny on late night TV. MT : has 102,311 followers and has never, not once, ever, sent a single tweet.
easy... Quickie from prince
you shut the audience down let them know you the baddest and nobody can shut you up
It's great! I'm so glad and blessed to be studying PR at !
I know, right!! Going to road trip one of these days! :)
: Hopefully I see u in Vegas brother....
patches either needs to stop hurting himself or stop getting pissy when I try to take care of himm
What a beautiful morning! Coffee on the patio. Work in the garden to begin shortly. The blooms are exceptional this season.
Hahaha lol i love this =D
oh snap! Guess I gotta rsvp now too, lol
Thanks for the follow & great meeting you on Thursday! You are very sweet :)
lyrically i think i am not the best, but look at the rest. dope shit comes out to be the next number one hit.
#fiestafriday!! turn you radio up!! is mixing live from at 10pm stream online www.power983fm.com RT
I can't see what those symbols are.
Everything is so much more difficult when you're on your own, I don't know how single parents do it
try up do twists
money does matter, to an extent. personally a 10 min walking commute is worth $10,000/yr to me.
Spend #FirstNightAkron with us at 8-10. We're encoring animation fest winner Luminaris + Akron-area docs from Mika Johnson.
The Rave Milwaukee I'll be there just to see what's all the hype bout his live show. I'll film it as long as I aint rollin face.
Chris ur on plz plz follow me nobody is really on so plz follow me it's would make me so happy
he was! He just everywhere I think did good!
This bitch smell like Mayfair Mall food court bathrooms
Ayo he is ill
Ohana is getting a lot of mentions in my question about favorite Belltown Seattle Happy Hour. Gotta go check that one out.
no tweets from you is good to me. Means ur in the lab working on new tracks for US FANS
Thanks everyone for coming out and supporting us. Have a great weekend
I hate wen mf's wake me up
Oasis moved?
Sick to my stomach <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
The #BWParty is a little slice of Paris in Baltimore! C'est magnifique!!
Ask TODAY about a SANTA BAG, they're full of goodies for an amazingly low price!!!
I tried to explain that to Happy almost weekend to you too! Give washDC a big hug for me. I miss it so much!
vertical. #CraftBeer isn't like wine and this way any sediment stays on the bottom
hey! thanks so much for following, dangerfield is awesome! <3 if you havent, you should definitely checkout !
Gonna be quite a mess if the wobbling big banks melt down right while the demonstrators are occupying Wall Street. Would be like checkmate.
At chipotle. asks if they have horchata. Response: "who?" cc:
Had the sweetest wicked hot customer in the store earlier today -- she grabbed cut off top and shorts for her Miami trip! SPRING BREAK!
ooh, you'll like mine, too. Let's make a date.
yea but their performance levels were not as high as theirs :/ but I seriously don't want none of them to go home :(
I can not wait to see you either! I will definitely hit you up before hand! :)
Tomorrow's going to be hard. /:
it means cute Kayla! Stupid-_-
Yoo-hoooo! #350. It's a great place to be!
I was doing that since you were still in your daddys jewels homeboy... Lol see you tomorrow punk :)
Setting the foundation for growth and prosperity. Brick by Brick!
i been good how you ?
It's all fun and games until it comes smacking you in the face...so stop pretending.
YUP. I'm smack-dab between USD and the riverbed.
Why weird? What would you suggest? I like it, but then, I thought of it. :)
Hi - I'd love a "what I've read' feature. I'd love to be able to reference it later.
Working things out for new adventur, just stopping thru...What's up Ms Kitty of the City :-) I am doing it Dove Style...lol
Chapter 2012 Page 118 “There is no fire like passion, there is no shark like hatred...there is no torrent like greed.” Gautama
In a Nonprofit Seminar with Lesson: to establish a business line of credit you need 2 years in biz.
Women can me so complicated at times smh!
I'm officially a commandeuse de Bordeaux. I get to order bottles around...
OH: O-Town (the actual music).
Officially qualified as a toothless old fuck.
awe ur making me cry cuz ur in so much pain :'(
My "friends" from Facebook are finding my Instagram -__- Next they'll find my Twitter D: How can this be?
Bases on these #likeableu tweets, it seems like our girl killed it this morning...
haha and worst of all…it's really catchy!
hoping there will be decent waves to surf this weekend.
The Arizona State Fair is featuring deep fried gravy, a captain crunch hamburger, and carmel cream bacon donuts! Which one would you try?
# liven life loving it to <3
Shout out to my boy for getting me another shiny trophy in the tournament today!
Thanks for the mention!
Just read a great script and finished scoring a very cool video project. I love my job!
Its a good idea to have the 'eccentric' vy on nfln?
Look at you, wearing your "Fist me pumps"
Honestly I just don't care.
im going to go stalk your pictures now ... <U+E011>
where are our seats?
yea!!! Thanks!
#icantwaitfor summer to be here!
no cameras = dress how you like...but I still try to look HALF-way decent.
if she let's me lol. They r of my best friend. I been taking pics for a while =)
Get it poppin like Kentucky on derby. Ya heard me
Stuck watching a Kardasian's marathon and surprised by the ultimate stupidity and immaturity that I'm witnessing
NBA - Clippers Griffen has broken kneecap, out "weeks"
The world is ours<3
sounds awesome!
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
just call and recruit him. just don't let him cut his hand
Braids are back! Check out some cool new ways to wear this trend for Fall. Do you have a favorite?
The difference between us and them....well, we have Raw Talent...the mixtape coming soon
it was probably because of that insane profile pic you had up there
Life is constantly changing and we are always changing, too. That is a good thing. We need to embrace change and grow in the process.
does any1 know how 2 writer a resume for twitter?
Hi Bradley - what level of play are you looking for?
Pyro Productions will be honoring our one year anniversary on Tuesday August 24. Stay posted for info regarding a celebration show!
I think our house does too!
At work watching world star hiphop... Shrug it's Friday
Just committed to #30daysofbiking. During the month of April, definitely riding every day and I'll report about it here.
Where is Katie going to college?
#omg #tvd was amazing. I cant wait till thursday!!!!
I need a nap before work and its to late fml -_-
No scenery left to digest after Kevin Spacey finished Richard I at BAM tonight.
Yes we did find love in a hopeless place Rihanna. See you Tuesday night for dinner
Just found out our client did his first presention and closed 43percent
It's not new jersey it's bryzgalov
the morning coffee
What's you favorite reason?
what r u talking about!?
Tables turned again And you my friend Facing the other way And I'm turned and my back to you again But you know I got to say...
": I wish I knew what it was like to have someone who actually cares about me & who truly loves me."- don't you got a man
Can't wait for fall tv to start back up ! I miss my shows.
an you please follow mee :(
I freaking LOVE the smell of freshly mowed grass.
Other people and things can stop you temporarily. You're the only one who can do it permanently.s
Today in the Chi is going to be #hot #hot #hot!
Thanks <3 I hope you are really well!
My ears are burning.
9-9-9 was my first Newt is only one left
hahaha oh geez
Never eat a whole carton of cherries at once...even though it may be delicious! :O
Dreams are the touchstones of our character. Henry David Thoreau
what's good Holmes !!!!
Gearing up to see Did You Mean Australia tonight!
Night XP
Lemme hop in this shower n cool off. Smfh
Sleep last night was not really happening for me
- I'm going to work like Kool Moe Dee on right now...12-3pm PT. Like your taste in music!
I'm starting to use British slang! lol
fair enough :) I am a writer. Be warned, sometimes all I tweet are writing links ... :)
Savings Tip -Turn off the tap when brushing your teeth. Keeping it running can waste around 6 litres per minute
its impossible to ever predict what the Browns will do lol but I hope that happens
Manny Ramirez is retiring from baseball amidst more questions about possible substance abuse. Breaking News coverage on
How is it Obama can tell his DOJ he will not enforce the Defense of Marriage Act, at same time saying has to crack down on Med Marijuana?
principles constantly change.
Organize and execute around priorities. Time management is a misnomer--the challenge is not to manage time, but to manage ourselves.
“: Im bored..Q&A time! Ask away tweedos” What's your best remedy for a hangover?
You can make it! It'll be worth it once you get here :)
I just got owned on my hill run by a woman pushing a 3 year old in a stroller.
she's a devil :/
Happy birthday, Carolyn Cassady!
saw a rainbow on the way to work this morning. happy thursday.
My idiot neighbor passed out while watching a DVD for the emotionally stunted. This loop of slack jawed menu music could bend space-time.
and Nyjer doesn't? Lol easy. It's one game, between two bad teams.
Forecast: tonight: mostly clear, low of 54. Thursday: Mostly Sunny, high of 84. Dry and warm weekend.
Just woke up o.o
I hope the Spurs lose so my best friend can get off work and party with me!!
I know my soul connected me to you I feel so safe when i'm alone with you
I've never looked forward to a teacher evaluation as much I do for this calc class today
lol , why you say that ?
I wish we got along better, but that's the way it goes. I need to be able to look in the mirror..
Seems right to me.
Going to see Ben Silbermann co-founder of Pinterest speak at a #SxSW keynote! Super excited!
wins 9-7 over and will advance to the
I know Dareus is funny too!
wow killin one of your two boys..thats cold!
Look forward to joining the #fitblog twitter chat tomorrow night. Will you be there?
i started noticing it a lot in sports broadcasts/interviews, which is definitely a brand of corporate speak
There is an explosion of queen Anne's lace on the side of the road. As if it is mid-July.
I expected they'd fix the problem with the months before STEP...too much to ask?
"The boss does not get to tell us whether or not we are a union." -Sukari Pinnock-Fitts TSA (Are you listening ?)
Last day of Snow White auditions. This being Pittsburgh, we may have to rename it 'Slush Gray.'
Had a SPECTACULAR time ! It's a terrific event, and I'm already looking forward to next year!
it's amazing for those sudden late night cravings
Remember we are open until 11pm on Friday & Saturday!
congratulations! Did she leave anything good for you. Lol. How long did your closing take
"You need personal habits to give you resilience" leadership lesson from Bill George at World Biz Forum
Jeffrees on the radio!
got a secret note, ate it, thought "am i too hardcore for this world"
I didn't receive an e-mail from you. Can you send it to another e-mail? I will direct message the e-mail address to you.
#oneday when I am super rich I will pay an Irish man to read me bedtime stories. So #sexy and
How many horses have to collapse on the street or die, worked to death? enough! Ban horse-drawn carriages in NYC! Support the STATE BILL!
After going to Best Buy, Radioshack,& the Mac Store tonight I still have not solved my technical problems. Ugh.
Nielson with the save of the week
Will I go to SXSW next year? Depends on if I want to go to a tech or a media conference. Tech has become media & SXSW is a true reflection.
I feel so accomplished been doing homework for over an hour.
hell no I'm not with that
Some of my most detailed systems design work is done on the BART ride home.
Ay I feel embarrassed now, was 2 focused on the Brewers/Cubs game & saw that tweet & failed to take your tweet in jest. Sorry!
First scratch vocal down. Woo hoo!
Oh okay...phew! I was like, say whaa? lol
yes I am in lecture hall
Not just bothered! Ok for game series then shld come down. Worse yet! It takes away from #tonygwynn statue. BOO!
Aw thank you everyone! I have 100 #followers ! :)<3
The radical of one century is the conservative of the next. Mark Twain (1835 - 1910
I'm excited to see it!
Make sure you kids get to enjoy the outdoors this summer!
Yay 500 followers! We know it's a small feat but we're excited! We'll tweet the GIVEAWAY shortly!! Another GIVEAWAY @ 1000 followers!
tell me what you're thinking, tell me a lie*
pleasssssseeeeee wish my friend a happy birthday
nice... well roll on next year then
Just bought tanning lotion hella tan :)
MT Don't forget, as institutional members, you and your colleagues at GMU have access to the interactive version.<awesome
your the one that i want ... why cant i be the one that you want :/
Didgeridoos are made from branches or the trunks of saplings of the stringy bark, woolleybutt eucalyptus, bamboo, or blood wood trees.
#madisonsmc #bandnerdandiknowit you can't not come. Its bacon night at at 9 pm so come and eat.
1 Glad to hear someone of your stature say it outloud. Thanks, Jack. Don't know you (of course), but you're a hero to me.
If you don't have time for me, I'm going to pretend like I don't have time for you.
Thanks again to my newest fans! :) #feelinthelove especially from you cock rockers
washed hands
So just got real. In the literal sense.
he's beyond gorgeous
If it's Breitbart's site, then you know it's true. Right RT :dems train each other on how to portray conservatives as racist.
miss you!
“: BLAKE GRIFFIN”. tell em!
thank you :D I made it ! :D
umm duh and its gonna bee on the beach! Lol and Pitbull what??
I love you and you were right to go after that bastard!! Your ejection was bull!
Oh shit. You alright, man?
I can do whatever I can think of see watch.. I think I am going to try in create design firm. Now sit back and watch me work...
Do you have a good showing for embroidered socks and cardigans, too?
awe thanks
yup have a good one bro
thinks of #AnthonyShadid as an anthropologist in another country which made him an influential journalist #uwethics tribute
Don't let anyone hold you down or steal your shine...The world needs you
no I do not have a nylon fetish whatever that is. and I did not type a single aggressive word. have a nice day
I am not a fan of your facebook page...but will be now. I'm new to this and didn't know you had one :)
I am following you now. :)
Taking it to the next level in 2012
I pictured you driving through Super Bowl Village in a gokart throwing turtle shells just now.
Some niggas are starting 2 act just like bitches. I promise
sleepy as f
Now or never
Hillary Duff Beer
i want to visit australia so bad, that would be amazing.
more more more please
how many did you have???
I Love You Too <3
where you headed to now?
Boo, you whores... I was out at dinner and missed it! Haha that brief quote-convo was great to come back to though
The news sucks!!
RT : In 2010, Forbes estimated Scrooge McDuck's net worth to be $33.5 billion. Good year for gold.
Breakfast cake!
Looking for something to do tonight? Watch the next three tweets!
I would say no, because it may be a dead link and then we couldn't verify the validity of the source.
Freewritten will be sick.
Keep tweets sent by your library to about 120 characters so they can be easily retweeted and passed on!
Classic college movie time
lmao where did you imagine I was from?
I know who is cheering for, but where does stand??
Still haven't eaten.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Or if you like you'll love see jane rock
did my evil twin offer a recitation in a parallel universe where he just screeches "WOMEN'S LANGUAGE! POWERLESS!" for 50 minutes every wk?
come through and burn this weeknd if your in town
Talent show practice. So nervous :(
Last day of class!!!
My eyes getting low.
the fact that Osama is dead doesn't mean terrorism and war are over, don't get fooled people
Sometimes following ur heart means breaking someone else's.
Blog to get things done!
Okay... #TinyMusic kicks ass too.
Thx - I'll check out the Valerian Root too!
FB conditioned us to share everything w/ everyone. G+ enables info sharing w/ interested people only. That's a big change.
What had to say about #throwbackweekend: 'That was awesome! We all need to live in our own gated community!'
I stopped going to movie theaters. Especially the ones that don't allow alcohol. How am I supposed to enjoy Real Steel, if I'm not drunk.
Ice chest w/ food and snacks for me :D
First attempt at ten mile run tomorrow with a running group. I am excited! Good thing I have my #motoactv to keep me going and track us!
I want to get really drunk.
Phil 1:6 being confident of this, that he who began a good work in you will carry it on to completion until the day of Christ Jesus.
Well ttys Tweeters!!,,,,
I wanna hit des clubs up tonight to doe
NYCers: Want to see , Monolake, , others at tonight for free? Got a ticket with yr name on it.
your tweet sounded really emo.. and a lil dirty. Sunday turned into the cable installation day from hell. I'll call you tonight yo
Do you love to tailgate?
Nailed it RT : Hey Lakers fans - you can probably find a Yankees game on, or maybe watch a Dallas Cowboys DVD.
I'm only going to break break your, break break your heart
You have got to be kidding!!!
There has been a riot reported in Z block! The prison is over run with what looks like green zombies! Hide you kids,and hide your husbands!
Nando has time for consultations and tattoos between 3pm-7pm today! Dag is open as well!
Covering the very cool grand opening of Project Adventure at Maplewood's Columbia HS for
16,000 tweet :D i love you Dylan Holland, Niall Horan, Justin Bieber, Liam Payne, Peyton Sanders, Austin, Zyan, Harry, Alex C and Louis <3
"Straight off the streets of chaos and no pity"......Dr. Dre (chronic 2001)
I'm not quick to get on the Prius hate bandwagon but one just backed out of a parking spot without looking back at me.
Accepted the fact that some people are in my life for only a season.
amanda florida is a very pro gun state just incase you were still interested in hitting up the gun range
The fact is, there does not exist on earth a scientific gadget precise enough to measure the shallowness of the human male...
welcome back
How's everyone doing today?
A blissful soak in our pedicure tub, luxurious massage, warm coconut oil to soften rough heels & callouses, cuticle work & polish... Ah.
from is talking about how successful women make strategic decisions at the Women for Women event!
you coming by the studio next week I want to see you. Or we should go eat or something.
I was so worried about not forgetting my memory book this morning.. That I forgot my backpack instead -_-
txt me im headin out
okay I'll take it. I need my grass skirt for summer!
.."I like to party like it's 1999." DJ Matt Riley
Anyone near Louisville on May 5th interested in modeling some underwear at an awesome event?! If so let us know!
Hamels suspended five games for hitting Bryce Harper?!
someone needs to tell this kid on my block that if he wants to play pretend dubstep dj, 9am is not a good time to do it
NJ Devils! Both Teams Played Hard! God Bless an Goodnight!!!
- consumes 2600 muffins a year :-)
I'm Glad to Say that I've Laughed at least Once Every Day of My Life:)
Had the most amazing day at the Roosevelt :) new favorite spot!
That's tough, but I will go with Pleasure Principle.
#ThingsICantStand People treating you like you're 5 years old -___-
Anyone have a "best practices" article on social media for non-profits? Also interested in similar article for mgt consulting (tech) firms ?
They killed him just because he had a hoodie on and his hands in his pockets, what was so suspicious about that?
Another beautiful spring day in Oregon....Please....no more rain!
agree with you there. I like the shoot out, but don't like to see what happened to the
Never belittle someone else's godly passion.- Rick Warren
I only hug after sex and before rape. Walking through union square btw 2 and 4 find me and give me a hug...NYC
To anyone who cares, Jan. 1 will be my 39th birthday. And no, I wasn't the new year's baby for 1970. I came in 3rd in Milwaukee County.
The blender kicked it and exploded in the middle of making olive oil mayo. I might have invented a new sport.
working slowly towards veganism; I can't deal with what milk products do to my body.
You don't have to be a man to be in a Studliest Man Contest. Over 30% of our users are woman. Studly woman that is.
Yup. Every time phone rang last night I assumed it was some NFL GM about to fill their need at place kick holder or waterboy
Breaks my heart when i hear someone is in pain </3
relative major: an uncle in the Marine Corps. relative minor: a girlfriend.
spending $100 at the strip club ain't balling
Note to self: don't send press releases ahead of time. The info gets out and ruins the surprise!
I Cried When FOLLOWED ME & RT/TWEET ME TWICE!! <33
Thomas & “: #downtonabbey servant's ball is my new happy place: Cora & Carson, Matthew & O'Brien LOVE”
Has had "What Makes You Beautiful" on loop like nonstop for the past few days!!! <3 I love :))
but on a serious note, are you going?
About to play some games!
It's only appropriate that we would go into a playoff! Ryu and Seo finish at -3. They will play a 3 hole aggregate. #16, 17 and 18.
yup!! Good stuff
OK, just wanted to make sure I understood the argument. It sounded 2 me like Tom was saying only transfers to mid-majors are OK
Yes, Task Force to look at what the LS needs to move forward and with what device- no decision yet but lots of buzz around iP
In case you were thinking of putting a plastic shower curtain in the dryer to see if it melts, I'll spare you the trouble. Yes, it will.
the movie is better than the book!
“Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done” ~ Louis D. Brandeis
huzzah! How are you??
thanks! I really wanted to know!
Right, but somehow the NHL doesnt condone fighting. Please.
Morning coffee meeting at Republic of Coffee in NoHo .
Non Benefit: Police stereotyping, if someone runs up on you, it's not much you can do, easier to rob because it's easier to just reach in
Popped into my dream last night...totally ok with this and hoping for a repeat!
at least you aren't at work :p
OMG!! LOLOLOL I'm on it...
#Yankees suck!
I can't imagine a self-described feminist would like that atmosphere. We're you part of the 12th man crowd?
thank you! :) we have a few shows coming up actually!
yeah you too old to be wearing floaties lol
Count me in for the fieldtrip!
Yeah!!!!!! Another award... Lady gaga your the best.....=)
ok but my sis doesn't know if he's gonna be in town
So close yet so far for the Northwestern Wildcats, feel bad for them
That's so strange!
Thank you, Shandy ... so glad you enjoyed it!
i'm a stalker
So I hate when ppl live in the past.... Just because the last person hurt doesn't that the next one will...... Get out your comfort zone!!
The term means close combat in Hebrew and was developed in the 1930s by Imi Lichtenfeld
Sedulously fostered seeming
nice! save me one.
Well.....there goes that paycheck.
“: Bagged up 113.9k. Probably chip leader headed to Day 2 in #wsopc main event in st louis. #stealingkylestitle”gl
nah you gotta feel for the character. Without sympathy, how do you root for someone to succeed?
that's great!
is now on in the Romp finals
Thanks for the follow Andrea, I've returned the favor.
Taking chances.
thank u 4 following and hello from the U.S.
Looked up from my phone when the train stopped and had a Men in Black poster in my peripheral vision. Scared the shit out of me.
my prom dress finally came! :D
Working on homework since before 7am.
What just happend??? #pranks?
After watching Joe pitch the past two years, it's obvious he lost his stuff and his mind wasn't as strong in past years = struggle
Hell of a gamer. Keep your chin up.
exactly!we MUST return to what we KNOW ....collective awakening is the only way....
Am I your first follower? Is there a prize?
okay then , omg i still have the bruise you left me from last night !
and some rifles...about 6 swords...20 something knives...a .44cal magnum...and some of my grand fathers old grenades
describes 2008/2009 era in Koha history-accurately, objectively, IMO.The Vendor That Is Not Here wouldn't like it.
Staged... So sad it's come to this to gain viewers...
#1 sex, #2 my family, #3 tunes... The Words Of - In That Order - Her Life Must Be Good
Thanks for passing our page along!
Lol no, i wanted a boy so bad @ 1st.
#FF Brand new to Twitter:
#BOYFRIENDReview So many boys used to hate you at school but after #boyfriend everything changed
lost sum respect for coldplay
Haters = Motivation
Might tweet overall/SM & some new categories. Official results will go up Weds. a.m., but tonight you can also watch
I love the Monday Manjoyment!
Nothing I'm
Me too! RT : My New Years Resolution is to never watch an episode of Glee, Teen Mom or Dancing with the Stars.
i didnt even see u study lol
Hey ray follow me your so funny
Oh Chicago, I've flown through you a million times. One day i'll step outside of the airport and onto your sidewalks.
Julio fist bump.
visiting my best friend at get job! its her first time bartending<3
Good response to Carr: Nick Bilton's _I Live in the Future_
Just saw a kid on BravesVision wearing a Timber Rattlers hat. I know would appreciate a crucial moment like this.
“: bro my back is killing me bout I gotta stick it out #WalkOnBro” damn but I feel you bro
RT Rev Estimating Conference meeting set for tmrrow night. Income forecasts expected to shrink, creating new budget woes
Familys a bitch. You would think the code would be cracked by now.
haha! I ended up eating the whole thing.
Congrats for making it to the next round of #pfb2010 ! My money's on you!
“#Virgo signs are sexually schizophrenic. On one hand they are all prim and proper, but when the mood strike, holy shit! Haha
devastation and anger does not mix well with being off my drugs.
Storytelling happens when we tell our stories, not when we watch others tell theirs - Jennifer Wilson on digital/participatory media
If you have a childhood and you acted like an old person you will act like a child when you are older
Yoo what's up wit ya phone?
F-F-F-F-Future Love. Would you be my F-F-F-F-Future man. I wanna F-F you as hard as I can :)
Misleading title. I was thinking "Demolition Man" style futuristic-helmet-virtual-cyber sex. Letdown. The Huff=Losing.
Home is Mumford & Sons best IMHO
Thank you sir. Appreciate the support.
What's up?
Hold up wait a minute put a little LOVE IN IT!.
Hawk, Lee, and Martin. #packernation will miss you guys.
<U+266B> Monday, Monday <U+266B> :) Today we'll see a high of 54°F. Any fun stories from over the weekend?
#ThatOnePersonWho you really just want to be with.
Would anyone like an invite to TopHatter? I've got several.
Congratulations to Theatre Action Project for winning our Reel Change Film Frenzy online competition!
Bummer! It'll be a shame to lose you.
Potty training is so frustrating... for both of us. Anyone have good tips?
Kensington residents to hold a vigil tonight to protest Islamaphobic graffiti. We'll be covering the event...
Sorry to hear of Bill Cook's death. He was a brilliant entrepeneur and a mensch with a terrific sense of humor. I feel lucky to have met him
I miss you and think if you often! Send me email to update me on what's happening with you.
Baltimore Community HS's Justin Eames will be a 2012 EdTech Link Fellow. Congratulations!
i love your background. so beautiful
After a nice, busy night at work, I allowed myself to sleep 'till 1P. Might allow myself to eat an entire pizza, too! Ok, no I won't.
just like old times! We need more consistency for real. Time well spent.
“: Turn off the music please!!!!!!” Never!
: Incredible stuff. We've got to find ways to make the schoolhouse most beneficial for students and restore the honor of teaching
Good Luck
Will just be there for the after party ...see you!
can u get a shutout for my 21st bday
boys with fast cars = HOT!! :D
Getting close to finishing another new song. I will be tracking guitar and vocals today!
DEM lawyer: there has been a lot of chatter, lose talk about this process in the public forum
We are born to be the best we can be and to make the best out of our lives.
I was not lying. I said things that later on seemed to be untrue.
It's apparent how special a person/friend RJD was and Halford is. Thank you so much for sharing.
you say that like its a good thing.
yeah, she's angry at us. Lol
Social media for the enterprise is exploding as companies look to create the social experience for their users
Got pulled over today.The nice officer said,"Papers". I yelled,"Scissors, I win!"For some reason, he made me get out & do some tests?!
You did great tonight! The ball was a Follett Magnet out there. Hope you guys got back safe with the bad weather.
How am I the only girl at this bar right now?
FREE Strawberry Lassi with your purchase today, while they last!
In case you were planning to come by tonight for Happy Hour, we won't be open until 6:30pm due to a private event...Happy Hour 'til close!
ill be back May 1st then its READY SET GO
Loving all of the #CNNdebate trending topics. Keep your tweets coming!
#ThoughtsDuringSchool What's even going on?
Twitter is buzzing with rumors that a certain Wisconsin tailback has been arrested at #Mifflin2012, but there has been no confirmation.
The best present ever....is to be present!...Thank God!
The audience is awkward if that was me I would literally be going insane and be dragged out the door by security lol
Slowly but surely I'm making my way in the twitter world! Life is great right now! RT if u agree...n if u don't FYL!
Leyland quitting smoking
oh yes :) you little cute thang!!
Happy St. Patrick's Day! May #Irish eyes smile on you today!
If you ever wanted to build/nurture/shape experience design in your org, join 's workshop: Experience Design Practice Development
To the Sprinkles ATM--get the batmobile!
got my mom the album for mother's day. she emails me the lyrics she loves.
Matt Bonner OR Steve Novak.
yeah. How is your music?
im a fan of redeveloping east liberty, and quite amazed at how successful it is, but call it what it is...,
'There is no longer any such thing as fiction or nonfiction; there's only narrative' THANKS for your time today.
Best old school uniform?
Brandon's party tomorrow .. i mean ayy its bout to crack
#RejectedPickupLines girl you so fine ill buy you all the $5 footlongs u want
If we do not change our direction, we are likely to end up where we are headed. -Chinese Proverbs
I just got done doing laundry - I do it every other day - I don't like it to build up and have huge piles to do - but I am OCD!!!
aww thats so nice!! She saod to me "awe thank u for the support! and i am from dallas too :)" yayayayay i am so happy now <3
Going into full #eatingdisordermode today.
Just finished Game Of Thrones Season 1. Holy beheadings Batman! Probably the most shocking season finale I've seen in a while.
#yesterday i was chillin' at home listening to music... pretty much it
Last night was probably one of the most fun nights #skype #untill #threeoclock <3<3
Erica's getting ready to interview snowboarding rising star Kevin Pearce. Any questions for him???
Thanks for having us at your store this past weekend. Hope to come back - loved your store!
i love my pink walls..
We value your opinion and would love to speak with you further. Please contact us:
is that ur gPA? If so that's great n keep it up!!!
2chainz is by far one of these least creative names I have ever heard of? What's next a rapper named one neck? 2 eyes? One tee? #C'monson
Relaxing at home
Thank you!! Have loads of fun!!!
UTG INTERVIEW: Trioscapes - Under the Gun Review
i cried when my highschool football team won sections C': #ccs #willowglenrams greatest memory of my highschool experience
New tomb for ghost of Chernobyl The National
Having a tin shed in your backyard does not make you a serial killer. However, you will be prepared just in case...
Dammit. I forgot I was rationing my comments.
Hey, please feel free to RT our articles -- what can we do for you?
#StPatricksDay Party! Saturday from 10am-1pm. Get our $20 meal package with all-you-can-eat tater tots, cuz what’s more Irish than potatoes?
Oh! You would! RT : I'm telling everybody!!
CHEAPEST LEGAL FORMS SITE ON THE WEB 100 LEGAL FORMS BOOKS SERIES ON AMAZON.COM HTTP://WWW. ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
why are they putting so much blame on for what is going on with the Knicks? Let the chemistry start and watch what happens.
That'd be BEYOND awesome.
girl what ?
#SportingKC back to their regular starting XI. One more hour to go....
Yeah... It's research! #guiltypleasure :]
Feta comes from Goat?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> eek. It was my favorite.
excuse me?
They're moshing on the floor at the #SocialDistortion show. Glad I'm in the comfy VIP balcony!
? MT A3 Since we're talking about $, can we create a list of how #MainStreets have built capital?
You gotta say it on that rythmn when ya feeling good
Follow Stephen Cefalo, modern master - juggling dynamics of the artist/father/teacher very well indeed.
I know you are more than average and decent. :)
On UTD annual review, on list scholarly & creative activity, are they only for the past year? /cc
Thanks for the follow, Carl! This is my disaster volunteer self.
"Whatever dude" just say it! It sounds funny ok!
When you thought you found the one for you, but then they break you so bad you never wanna love again <<<<
R.I.P MCA
I really don't get on her anymore :P lol
did y'all mentor Julie & Chad? She's my BFF! Someone told me you all passed on your wisdom! ;))
Guy best friends are legit shit bro!
don't do anything but fuckin lie!
They have no heart. They're just coasting
It actually wasn't judgment though lol, just inquisitive (nosy as hell) bc I wanna know what you're talking about lol.
dude you rocked on the keys today!
#emorydisc Lauren talking about 1801 in Baltimore, James Hemings, and reasons for archival silence
Still looks nice though.
Without some goal and some effort to reach it, no one can live
Thanks for the follow!
I just saw an Indiana State Trooper texting while driving.
Happy Valentines Day Everyone!
go to sleep lol
Heh. Good kind of surreal. I can never recognize my voice on tape. Thanks for posting it, and the interview!
</greatday> and hope yours was too!
jimmy would be proud.
i knew you would like that 1 bro. :)
#WereNotFriendsIf you don't have a sense of humor.
"Because Of You…I See Us Free."………
lounge tonight is always #crazy, #sexy, #cool. Join us at the for some good vibes.
t-minus 170 hours until the start of the 2012 Boston Marathon. Looking forward to checking an item off my bucket list.
Wish I had a dollar for every time Lana Del Rey referenced Lolita hot damn
was the number one 2011 download from WGI!! thank you!!!
Wow-- the defense and the prosecution rest the #georgehuguely trial. Tough spot for jury, glad I'm not in that position.
What if we've got it backwards? Maybe mustaches have a thing for pedophiles.
#askmikey does he get special attention in school?! Shoutout to alexa in texas!:))
It's apparant I can't control my thoughts, actions, and words when shitfaced.
Happy Friday Friends! There are so many events going on in Milwaukee this weekend - Hopefully you can find time to enjoy our fabulous city!
No, it is something for them to worry about
what does it do?
|| i change my picture every 1,000 followers! wait till you see the next one, if i ever get to 2,000 lol. ||
Building a library Think Tank: Darien county library. Lunches to just talk about new technology things.
Make sure to visit NY again. it's a great place
it was a good article. I'm doing well, working a lot, which is good.
Thanks for the coverage, Rudi. We'll be out in Missouri this fall! So much to explore there.
come check me and the rest of the #yngsquad fam on www.ceezonline.com thats were its at!!!
7 more followers till 500 please mention and retweet!!!
God Burger
Ugh my satellite is out because of the storms. My power will be next!
Watching #AC360 and tweeting-retweeting some of the interesting things I see and hear, if any.
obviously you're at a great place.
Your not being honest if your a guy and say miley cyrus is gross. No, she's bomb as fuck.
How do you stay calm in an IEP meeting?.
Sitting down at lunch to read one of my favorite annual reads -- 'The Best Of the Twin Cities' City Pages. It's more enjoyable every year.
What's good for First Friday? Gonna hit up the Art Murmur tonight.
Scripture test tomorrow. And I am not even prepared :(
thx for following!
can do that it's also on NBC and I can get eurosport. Always hooky sporza feeds too.
Thought you might really be interested in His ideas are right in line with yours! Heard him at the Cisco gig.
certainly hope this week goes better than the sports did this weekend!
Running in the cold.... Refreshing... or Brutal?
Woof. So sick today. Cough, headache, and a fever. Been in bed all day. I've been watching Snapped for at least 6 hours.
I was lying when I told you it didn't matter.
WHY DO YA'LL CARE ABOUT THEIR AGES ? LIKE THE AGES THEY TELL YOU BE THE AGES THEY BE . OK ?
plan for this weekend: stay up all night fri. and possibly sat. so i can do all of my projects and work b4 mothers day. I think i can do it.
Giving $20BB was enough ... the Chairman should have SHUT HIS MOUTH!
The spirit of Ali is always with us
#MUSICNEWS Ben Folds return to UK
WHEN ARE YOU COMING BACK TO THE U.S.? WE MISS YOU! BUT I HOPE THTA YOUR HAVING FUN IN ASIA <U+2665>
same here
representing BFLZ squad today
Holy frick! Just heard on Seattle radio!!!! *CANT BREATHE*
hahaha that's all funny! And you and your little baby tenders ;p
whoever has that name has no right to it... All they did was torture me with it...
How old are you before it can be said you died of old age?
Act in the valley so that you need not fear those who stand on the hill.
That is really sad.
Woo hoo! I love it so much! did a fantastic job!
I do! I'd recommend to anyone looking to build their own site for sure.
Put us in your FF <3
Can't wait for #madmen tonight!
are you skinny?
How dare you. Chumbawumba is my jam. I'm an expert in Ska.
Got the house all to myself this weekend. By which I mean I've already watched The Dark Knight twice and am about to go an an Oreo run.
my week is more packed. paper due, midterm & 2 quizzes tomorrow, Winter White Thurs, then Fri 8am quiz, 2hr interview, & LA flight
Back in the city *big ass sigh*
yeah.. My sis is gonna start college this summer and I see all the things she has to do and it looks stressful
Big egos are chill as long as you're staying true to yourself
Still battling the allergy colds this season? Try nettle, rose hips, licorice or red clover with your green tea for an anti allergy boost
why are you awake?!
ahaaahaaa! my twitter sins continue to grow to monumental like tagging this tweet #jhudc sigh. newbies.
Just packed a c.1912 lime green Beer evening gown for its trip to our OC campus. Has a dress ever made you want to be a better person?
Great show tonight! :D Thanks to all who came out, sang along with us and bought a shirt! :D We love you all!
I hate school bathrooms, its too dirty man
We're excited to see you !
Diva Night is TONITE! Stop by all of these shops to get your card punched!!
My mom turned off the clippers game and told me to go study. that's why I didn't get you shit for mothers day
Wasting 20 minutes of free wifi on East Coast train to London. Now they have me on the hook....
ENCOURAGES EVRYONE TO KEEP LIVING THE AMERICAN DREAM!
“ Ready for Jamaica”< Take me
On my way to see kick ass tonight.
Omer Asik is the difference in this game. Atmosphere in building is nuts.
#UKnowURHigh When you #Tweet about so much they
dirty version/instrumental/acapella as well as his bio/publicity photo.please check your yahoo inbox
Great first day with the fam!! Now, soakin wet, headin to the hotel
At #SCAA2012 and already on my second espresso of the morning...heart rate increasing, speech getting faster, ready to engage warp speed!
“: Self-conscious people as well as the socially anxious and shy tend to blush more often.” I guess I blush a lot.
I don't know why I like dumb songs so much.... but Faded has been my jam lately
U of H lost one tonight to Central Florida 74-63. Hope they werent overlooking this team for Memphis on Sat. Cougas 1-2 in conference.
The time is always right to do what<U+FFFD>s right.
Damn they got me starting work on a Sunday during the farmers market. Shit is bouta be oc..,
Whoops, typo on on the dough, but not far from the truth. : )
Key to successful corporate blogging: stop talking about yourself. You are only so interesting.
HOLY TITS! I JUST NOTICED NEVER FOLLOWED US WHEN THEY SAID THEY WOULD AT PLAYLIST
Yes! I'm almost got 800 followers thanks everyone!
500th pitch of the game.. wow.
A perfect team!
and our "3musketeers walk":D
The girl with the unicorn tattoo
Sorry Kanela. You are terrible. Terrible service. Terrible food. Hugely disappointing.
Dana Zimbric of Classics 4 Kids and the California Chamber Orchestra has been named associate conductor of San Diego's Orchestra Nova.
Why are all the cute, nice, amazing, sweet, smart, & funny boys either taken, famous, or just not interested?? ): #ItsJustNotMyDay </3
Rumor has it Highland Bakery is coming to Tech Tower and moving into the spot formerly occupied by Junior's.
you know it
Great as soon as it starts to get hot outside I can feel myself getting sick
How do YOU stay awake through the day if you were forced to stay up all night? Coffee? Energy drink? Tea? Water? Something else?
let's have a pillow fight
Shut the fuck up damn always hating on Lebron James SMH
nope the one on charter and Dayton. Go to spot
That's great. It's very beautiful!
Just got an invitation to my ex's wedding. No date allowed and I wont know anyone there. UM
I know what you mean - kinda hard to cram everything in to a byline :-) Thanks for the friendship!
Doing some temporary interior decorating so that my room will be livable with almost no furniture for the next couple days.
Hi, love u, can I have a shoutout ?
thank you for sharing this! We are psyched to be spreading out east. Hope you enjoyed your variety pack in #Pittsburgh!
But I am gunna find food. (:
Because walking from your couch to your car is just too much - Burger King is test marketing home delivery. #AreYouKiddingAmerica?
just got home from Kylie @ the bowl- she worked that pommel horse!
When you're smelling rosemary and rainwater by 4am, you accomplish things that others only dream of. Every bird chirps just for you.
Nats game tonight, otherwise I'd be down.
I hope it was filming for Reno 911 (does that show even exist anymore???)
lol...too funny...glad they are helping with pain...keep me posted on things
I love how I can feel like such an outsider even in my own family's home.
RT : "Lifted Boston" Tonight at Several special guests coming to support. One you have seen recently on NBC...
do we have homework in beery?
#ithurtswhen yhu hit your funny bone :(
lol i want that book someone get it for me
RT : The best revenge you could ever give someone, Is proving them wrong.
haha...you're doin' great! excited to read it.
If Blake made that 3, everyone would be singing a different song. That is why I'm not worried. Lakers in 7.
agreed. Since its been sold out I don't think they have a reason to agree tho
- Appreciate the follow!
Why did I fall in the club last night!!
Striking that all the sessions at the Society for Military History meeting seem to be SRO.
The face forgives the mirror The worm forgives the plow The question begs to answer Can you forgive me somehow?
For me, personally, I lurked in a few communities before figuring out which I liked best. Decided on gut feeling, mostly
thanks guys!!
I'm also here!
Bellas officially fired.
hmm, that's a little high to be believeable. I mean, who did you poll? College students from Cail?
Met Laurent Berlant yesterday at GW American Studies grad student conf. Not only brilliant, but a generous and gracious scholar.
To A Hell Of A Great One Yourself!
RyanBennett93 I use standard ones just new ones for hotkeying buildings. changing from standard isnt a big diffrence imo but it helps
all I've got are my orange boots. Lol I know emily has some legit ones but she's probably wearing them.
I'm seriously unlucky when I go on trips yesterday on my trip I tripped on a pipe! In summer my leg got stuck in a ride what's with me? Etc.
jump in a pile of <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
Worse! If you found it annoying in Beethoven, you'll throw the discs away in Bach. But was truly amazing if you can stand it.
Keep watching! sports on w/ & MaioccoCSN up next. They'll break down exactly what the NO win means for
is in this studio showing out!
Bascuse me! Why do I have 133 work emails??!!
It's necessary to take "A Break" often . . . try it and see how much more pleasant you are! : )
I want to go to Chile...Like now.
Knocked out 2 Tracks 2day n Now Watchin Monday Night Raw N The NBA Playoffs.....New MixTape On The Way
love this! Beautiful day for baseball!!
was excited to watch the Pixar shorts tonight, but it turned out to just be a vehicle for Mater. So to speak.
Nobody even knows where Ottawa is
Appalachia is having a boom because of natural gas. Go District 12.
I really appreciate when businesses respond, make use and understand the value of #socialmedia. Thanks for RT's
“Blood on the Tracks” by will be made into a feature length film! What a great album!
Hahaha! We admire your persistence that's for sure!! :D
Matty B that man Matty B
how are you my friend?!?!?!
next Saturday :)
There are a lot of people who don't want #edreform. They're making too much money with the system as is.
lights r killing mke
Spell lived backwards! Strange huh!
"Do you understand? / Me neither. / I don’t understand a thing." —Oliverio Girondo, tr.
Beat the Bank in Britain: Top 12 Tips for Saving in 2012: In fact, when travellers combine the strong Canadian dollar with industry d...
Amy!!!! Man I've been in the zone. Spinning my tales of love and war. Lol.
Being able to hear singing "part of your world" al the way out in the hallway
Went to work with dad today at ! We looked at jobs and did some estimates. SO much fun! #painting :)
Perhaps the term pop science indicates the problem. Operative word: pop. Does (neuro) science need marketing hype?
so what did you eat?
Just listening to . you needto start playing some songs! (: He is coming to Philly soon!
One of the best games of this season, #Indiana and #Kentucky was amazing. WHAT A GAME.
Illinois has run out of cash earlier than usual for college fin aid, denying state assistance to tens of thousands of eligible students.
Having a blast planning and I's #NODAC12 adventure! Cannot wait!
Why these ugly heat fans get rowdy and rude af UGH
How in the world do both Carlos Beltran and Carlos Ruiz have 7 RBIs today?
Massive traffic to start New Year thanks to some freak links has me on hunt for quality ad inventory. Interesting, frustrating problem
Saw #TheAvengers on Monday and I am still on #cloud9 #mustseeitagain #ASAP!!!
hahha yup he's a punk!
#ILoveYouButNotEnoughTo hang with you and skip Duck hunting.
George Zimmerman case is not about gun rights, it's about whether we want armed vigilantes enforcing the law instead of the police.
Really... we are about to burst! we want tshare new news SO bad! Be patient. AWESOME Wired things happening!
thank u
Olive Oil can reduce your risk of heart disease and each Smashing Tomato pizza has half of your daily recommendation of Olive Oil!
BigH Mantra: Today I celebrate the source of my abundance & give thanks for its continued manifestation. Have a Powerful day!
I love Christian school graduations. God gets the glory!
me neither. But as a measure of the notion of "field" i think it has legs.
Glad 's tips in my post helped! I still have work to do on mine, ha
ugh -- helicopters to the north. for #occupythefarm?
“Don't dwell on what went wrong. Instead, focus on what to do next. Focus your energies on moving forward toward finding the answer.”
How will you conspire with the universe to uplift the world?
I LOVE
Today is a kick ass day
Basketball Season Needs To Come A Little Faster !
Malcolm X: "Racism is like a Cadillac, they bring out a new model every year" Via George Lipsitz via Victor Rios.
Facebook is currently down!!! :)
...Times of Grace (members of Killswitch Engage), Colour Revolt, You Hang Up (w/ Frankie Muniz), and many more! www.minervamusicfest.com
“: Not having any cool apps #BlackBerryProblems.” BBM is cool aha :-)
Would anyone in the NYC area like to take guitar lessons from me? No experience necessary.
Just signed the Mudge resident's poster and everything got very
i put my money on Cisco Systems, Inc
Mormon movie star Greg Fellows and Professional Seducer Gareth Jones host a live show! started: Sun, 18:03 PST
Does the Google Drive logo look like the recycling logo to anyone else?
me too here in san antonio
Thanks! I will be there!! Keep up the GREAT work! One day soon I will be on the TED stage! :-)
Only 24 hours left to book your two for one USA #travel #adventure and bring your BFF for free! 21 day trip only $850!!
Dear , Let me know how that pizza making app on iPads translates to new hires!!! I'm sure TONS of ppl working there have iPads!
I'm slowly starting to see how things are suppose to be.
Thanks. I'm excited. An incredible draft overall. He'll like it here.
Gloomy day got you down? Stop by the Distillery for a cocktail to turn that frown upside down! Free tours at 2pm and 4pm as well!
Welcome to my every day.
American Idol is past tense' on its way out. Why don't they call it what it is? Karaoke at best! I'll stick with the Voice
Save the Date.....Invtation...Cake....DJ...Photography......Wedding Stuff!!!!
bcux who would take who last name??..and at the end of the day if they wanted kids they can't produce their on..
lol u think so sis? You been tryna smash?
Did you watch the video that came with this?
Living right doesn't make you live longer
you know I'm paying attention!!!! ;)
So much accomplished and it's just before 9 am. Can I real life #trend that please?
Worst ending to #TheOffice happy The Nard Dog got his job back but is that baby Dwights?!
With mobile technologies we are able to carry the whole library with us out in the field.
Dundee Oktoberfest pairs perfectly with what song?
tell your friends about our website! -we rock and we need your help!
lol I thought everyone called him that....
I CALLED LOL
Follow they will #retweet all #dm you send them! They #follow back. #promote your #products and
hello world get ready for my ohio carnation wedding invitation!
that's awesome..glad to hear!!;)
Will you and your Dad start investing in Motion Pictures??..now would be a good time, since the Stock Market ready to Crash!
Still not in a very qudd mood.! Watchinq saw 7 n bout two eat some breakfast.! Me n the lil one qoinq two my qrandmas toniqht.!
RT follow ME #RememberHow i Cried when u said #YouAintHittinitRight ?
RT : Someday's I feel as if I was born in the wrong era
Oh yea its on baby! RT : RT Green Velvet on the 23rd? uhh yeah i'm there. Tagging along bros
C'mon, Wisconsin. High of 45 on Tuesday? 39 on Wednesday? 43 on Thursday? I want to wear snow boots & tweet snow pictures & do snow things.
Shoutout to all our new followers. For those asking about s next show, he's booking shows and will be performing soon.
can you die?, like srsly.
ProTools needs to be more user-friendly >:-{
Best lunch break ever. Curled up in an armchair at starbucks, drinking soy chai and reading THE BOOK OF BLOOD AND SHADOW.
Congrats to the class of 2012! We did it
How did it go? RT : I'm doing a live chat with on this afternoon!
Cause im bout tht life....well a party girl life
you have to promise not to laugh at my first attempt-- Rico
We hope everyone has had a happy Easter with family and friends today!
I attended the LA Screening of SMASH last night at The Grove.....Pure Brilliance!!! Congrats!!! I smell EMMY!!!
GM...my sister hw r u?
[Mark11:23-25] When we speak & do not doubt & believe that those things which we say shall come to pass; we shall have whatsoever we say.
so is tweet about that blogtv!
"Looking for someone to make me more awesomer online."
Romney says "we are a nation of Immigrants" but for immigration to work we need to secure the border.
New show dates from coming soon! stay tuned
Relaxing to OFWGKTA be jealous ;)
They're back? How did I not know this?
Done with social networks when I get back to lex sunday focused on what I need then what I want
Thanks bro - you thuh man -
Alpha Day at the Capitol in full swing!
“: There's a Napoleon Dynamite cartoon now... Why?” .... nobody in Hollywood has an original idea
Diageo has announced it is to invest €153m in a "brewing centre of excellence" at the #Guinness brewery at St James's Gate in Dublin.
3 car crash blocking several lanes of wb highway 18 at C street in auburn. Follow for updates.
Happy Thanksgiving from the Happy Tshirt Co! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
I used to regularly eat barrett sandwiches in my spare time...till I cut pussy out of my diet.
I feel alone!
had fun last night though;
thanks !!! let me kno wat u think
WOW MANCHERSTER CITY!!
with all the auditions for drug addicts i go on, i predict playing many a heroin addict in my future
Checking out and heading home after an incredible weekend in #NOLA for #C21GC. Great job
Don't confuse my attitude with my personality my personality is who I am my attitude depends on who you are.
So both Music Videos are being edited & finalized, coming soon! For our new song "Grand Destino" as well as "Mute Singing Boy"
What's everyone planning on seeing this wknd? I will be at The Devil Inside, which raked in 2mil at midnight screenings on thurs
I win?
and i gotta work with EVE
oh... No two pieces for me lol
-- yes, but don't forget that was the same era we were shooting presidents, candidates, black leaders, and college students.
Just emailed you! THANKS :)
We don't need pro basketball... We gave college!!
"For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Don't mean to but in but my guess would be Moorman.
Time to get my churchin in. :D
He's a pretty awesome kid!
It's simple I love music
Thank you Brandon. I am honored to have been asked to serve as Secretary and I look forward to doing great work.
please follow me?? it would make my day(: lol
Hold them at the 1 !!!!
hey sorry I'm not going to make it today; drs appt got rescheduled for this afternoon and I'm in Chevy chase.
The USA's link to socialism
Ugh. Victoria's secret always tells me I'm a D cup. I'm gonna stop getting measured and continue to pretend I'm a C.
Yeah but that kid from BC is 1 for 3 on wide open dunks and is at least 6'10", smh! #billyhoyle lol
I need to start gaining wait instead of losing it.
Spent the 1st part of Black Friday on the Nat'l Mall (not a shopping mall) for a 4 mi walk with the pooch. Way too gorgeous out for stores!
or ; who wants to give me a discount code to buy their product? Both seem great, so it comes down to a little love.
Go fistfuck yourself 2011, and bring on the muthafucking DRAGON.
Yay! RT : Looking forward to seeing and and soaking in the inspiration at #pivotboston tonight!
I am the 1 percent! And I'm proud of it! I know and U KNOW who my challenger is! THE DOORS ARE OPEN!
Yes! It will be a great weekend.
There is a 400% increase in knee injuries in younger athletes. Twisting sports mean an increase in ACL injuries. Huge risk!
Absolutely. How was your Mother's Day?
have extra Weekend 1 ticket to Coachella. Let me know if you are interested...
Much like me--
haha Ok! and preston is gay haha
Thanks dude. I like Dave too and listen to him on the weekend. Knows his stuff.
I'm about to smash on some Cinnamon Toast Crunch
are right, this latest re Gay Marriage is the only time in 60 years that a Prez tried to lead and persuade a Change
Assembly now debating bill to create vocational high school diplomas
Thank you to my new followers: and Enjoy the rambling! :)
kendrick lamars words! Growing apart too ..
OK I'm getting sleepy..it just got awkward o_O
hey wants you to check your email for an approval! :)
a new addition that i would probably see once a year... #allgood least it's a boy.. no more girls plz. #nomore it's tough being a female
When should I start working on my dreams? Do it now.
Florida Based Banesco USA Assumes All Deposits and Purchases Assets of Security Bank, National Association
like really cody.. you couldn't have just gone to san diego? you have to skip over it? really?
Not a good day. Bad headache blood sugar at 372 and one of my best friends killed himself.
We do indeed. Designing institutional arrangements that are necessarily & inherently adaptable & impact oriented is a challenge.
Rockefeller Archive Center to House Ford Foundation Archive
What the fuck is Lori's problem? Liking her and her bratty kid less and less all the time.
yeah u got it cause I ain't there!!
we all wanted to see the M's against a middling team instead of best and worst to get accurate gauge. cue denny green.
Ooh. =/ but on the bright side I know you're stoked for chickenfoot :D
not going to sleep for awhile since I'm not going to school tomorrow.
Damn my 6yrs old son beat me in bowling on the wii and he talkin shit 2 smdh
I hope! RT by 8pm ET today to win a 35pc bundle from HSN & Martha Stewart Crafts
#WhatsAlottaMoney when you get it on the regular
French onion soup - Great Dane has the best in town - Bennie's at The Jet (also best in town)
Life is so good :)
???? <U+FFFD>ByrdSuperb: One penis won't do it, two is not enough for me no...<U+FFFD>
anythigng for you Sheetal. Hope all is well.
love that! Always stay true Zayn, never change love xx
uccess is focusing the full power of all you are on what you have a burning desire to achieve.” -Wilfred Peterson
LOL! You really think that's had such a big impact on the language? XD
Kelly, talking about her jewelry box with the spinning ballerina: Mama, did you forget my Jewelrina Box?
Cool the Earth just surpassed the 100 million pounds of carbon reduced mark! 65,000 kids and families have reduced 100 mill of co2!
Your company looks really cool. We do some simulations of industrial machinery ourselves.
Big Builders Scoop Up Big Bucks With Foreclosures
Phaedra...logical...I love it!
if I was the king of the world. I tell you what I'd do. I'd throw away the bars and the cars and the war, and make sweet love to you. :)
New default.
Really, America? That dude sounds like every other generic R&B singer out there today.
It is imperative to teach children with autism to swim- they have no inherent sense of danger and a true affinity for water
Spirit Airlines is trying to start charging passengers $100 for each carry-on, and to that I say, GOD LUCK!
That's IT for today's posts with 110 cappers with action in FB with 2 consensus side & 2 totals in NFL in today;s games and of course sts
Follow me? #AngelForever(; <U+2764><U+2764>
so you want Kelsey to hit you ? Got it . I got you booboo .
I like your scarf a lot. I can't wear one to save my life. Work.
I am going to have Ed Sheeran stuck in my head all day. Thank you Liam :D
Well ok, I suppose we can handle that. {face palm} Oh goodness what is WRONG with me today?! {twitches}
Girl Scout Gold Award recipients enter the service one grade higher in rank than other enlistees, having already proven themselves leaders.
LMAO --RT If a boy lets you meet his mom , what does that mean ?
Like scavenger hunts? #Geocaching? I have an idea and would like some feedback...DM me!
I told her I need her back cuz every KING need his QUEEN back!
at the mall bored. Ya. It's possible. Haha
is fab and funny! So glad to have her at CC today
Kee Malesky's ALL FACTS CONSIDERED and Flannery O'Connor's WISE BLOOD are my #fridayreads What are you reading?
#StPatricksDay and #Hoosier action the same day! Couldn't be more perfect. Watch the game at 6:10pm!
I'm still hungry ...
you geting money
seven minutes door to door :)
1:25, just woke up... it's gonna be a good day.
tomorrows my birthday can i get a follow and a happy birthday
: In that comparison, to me, it becomes a question abt "spaces" & access as much as relevance & affect
Goodnight twitterverse It's time to get my motor running and head out on the highway. Well at least to 6th and canal to . lol
Done slept on them pacers
There is always a first but never a last RT : Finally getting to my first #smbmad event!! Very excited.
is my brother. If I were you, I'd follow him. As I am me, I'm already following him. Also, his band is good.
Reducing life to law, numbers, & contracts chew at the human spirit; it's terrible to see the tools we created then shape us.
A Cancer and Virgo relationship may need outside help to get them both through the worrying
love ya !! :) thanks for all the inspiration #muchlove <U+2665>
Fact is he was so underrated but all he did was make plays smh and I agree if he played in superbowl 41 Rex Grossman has a ring lol
Judy Blume&#39;s classic novel &#39;Tiger Eyes&#39; hits the silver screen at Montclair Film Festival Saturday
You're very welcome:) Have a great weekend!
preciate the follow back
Exactly how smart is your smart phone?
hey tony!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
I'm in whenever, let's do it
This isn't a comedy, it's a horror film. People live, people die, so you'd better start running.
no problem! Follow on instagram: jovitomusic
wahooo! Scarves for everyone : )
only 1 college grad has been drafted n the top 10 n the NBA draft in last 5 years. Its not just UK. When kids r ready they leave
that spoiled brat kid. I'll end him first chance I get.
And the twist would be that the cabin is actually inside James Woods! It's so meta.
I Had #Respect 4 But Jus Watched Hiz Behind The Music On VH1 N Jus Gained More #Respect 4 Him. #Salute Bruh.
Happy Mothers Day To Every Mother Out There Who Done Their Part For Her Beautiful Children <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
The awkward moment when you say, "I develop and design things on computers." And the person responds," Do you play Minecraft?"
#IThoughtYouWereCuteUntil you were as dumb as brick.
Please help us get to 1000 followers :-) love you guys!
Looking for Innovative & Lasting #PromotionalProducts ? www.BNoticed.com
The most emotionally committed I've ever become in a single film was the sigh of relief when commissioner Gordon was NOT dead in
I love ur voice u sound so sexy in da city lol
is there any way in Django 1.4 to always do a {% localtime off %} but still USE_TZ=True?
nice looking forward
#DavidStern fucked up the league, no doubt. players should get fined for flopping or else the #NBA wont be fun to watch.
This weekend only! You can get free stuff from R. Shamar when you order Passion 101 or Lost Works of a Lost Soul from www.RShamar.com
Thank you for the shout out!
Taylor's probably gonna end up deleting the tweet if she sees all these "that's not fair" tweets.
I miss u and to im not doin anything but homework
Happy Birthday to one of the last real brothers alive and a national treasure - follow this man now if you don't already!!
ringring!! Hi Carly! Thanks for the follow!! :) xoxo! love, #mofones!
Good Morning Twitter
"I am considering all of my legal options" - & "I'm 100% certain it (substance) never entered my system" --Braunie
TY for the mention :)
": Woohoo!!! Got prolly the biggest interview of my life up to this point after work today! Wish me luck!"Good luck,I hope you get it
I'm pretty sure people say the same thing about you. RT Obama will say and do ANYTHING.
I hate guys! Really really starting to think they are all the same.. I'm so done with being the second choice!
Gotta go to work on Monday now
Where the choir is?
My theory is that every ten years or so bluegrass becomes cool again...then its considered cheesy again for a while..
#Realshit pillow pets are so comfy :)
hey Alex!:)
Wahoooooo. On my way home.
If your in SA follow to know about the best theme events downtown!!!
<--- #Shoutout to! Thanks 4 the follow, I
My Flaws... I have to do better<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Any other Bay Area kids see all this "KONY" stuff and instead think about KOFY TV?
I never sleep, cause sleep is the cousin of death
The #CohesiaConcept is growing into something way beyond what I thought..anyone that wanted to be a part hit me up for details
r u gonna sing it.. and can i get a shoutout???
probably a fart joke or a sex joke. We're adults, honest.
How do you learn to pitch? I'd be so nervous.
Twitter > Facebook.
Happy Friday! #TGIF and can we make a change pls for a better weekend?!
Oh wow. That is a great concept.
man, it's quiet around the office at this hour.
Yo people check out new songs headline by drake and ladies love me by chris brown feat. Justin beiber. Bra these songs are beast
had a super crappy day.
Set times tonight at The Frequency in Madison, WI: Hounds Below 10:00pm, Melismatics 11:00pm, Beaker midnight
Watching #thetillmanstory honoring Army Ranger and NFL star player Corporal Pat Tillman. Reading Jon Krakauer's Where Men Are Next
Aha!! Even funnier!! I could see you asking that and him responding with a blank face.
Things have changed in Denver. Winter now lasts six months, and you're lucky to get six weeks of spring and fall. Still beautiful.
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: Do NOT get into a "chat war" either live or online. You WILL get tilted/annoyed/angry/upset and lose your edge.
Come on out to Senior House on Feb 16th from 6:30pm to 8:30pm for refreshments & prizes to celebrate 's video launch!
This guy at my school was scared because he had sex with a girl who has stds.
Good morning everyone :-)
Already changed
Off to therapeutic Listening course for a refresher. This is a great strategy to have in your bag of speech therapy tricks!
its on??? i dont hear it wdf
Pls stop singing
Probably. It's on my calendar.
what would my life be like without the boys..... oh god i dont want to know!!!
Whatever songs drake gets featured in turn out so catchy.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
10 Facebook Tips -- 1.) Get Twitter
the is coming up this weekend...anyone going? Could this be the start of great road racing coming back to Colorado?
I'm STILL adjusting to the new layout... LOVE the old layout... Thoughts?
I voted for u like crazy! I really hope you win Javier, ur voice inspires my entire family man and were all rooting for u!! GL!
While watching Gingrich's loser speech I noted that he has lots of fantasies in that enormous round head of his.
#RT just in case you want a Shout out. I'll do it for you instantly. :3
Prayer partners in action...... God is great!
You get extra-credit for that tweet, Gregory :)
safe travels!
(Friedrich Nietzsche) He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.
Dear crazy homophobe pastor: congratulations. Your "beat the gay away" sermon actually made ex-gay therapy look good by comparison
I hope your kidding. You never watch old movies?
(: please follow me alex. That would make my day.
no worries :) was just jammin! how is your night going?
you should follow too, really good!
Bench #12 he stinks
Happy Friday! On this delectable morning kindly follow
Go Timmy and the Gmen!
Jack Shortlidge back at OHC! Contact at ! Welcome back, Jack!
attn fans- I'll be announcing a Big Easy infrared turkey fryer give-away tomorrow just in time for#Thanksgiving. Stay tuned!
I need a lady
Can't wait until I get home so I can watch the #FollowYou music video!!
Even though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending Zachary Johnson
Das it! You're exactly who I think of when I think "tech-savvy mom."
Me to late nite cravings RT : I'm hungry
Hey Um Im Gonna Get You A Hat For Your B-Day But Im Gonna Give It To You In Person So.... Well Your Gonna LOVE IT! ;)
I got so much sun today
catchin waves on the santa Barbara beaches.. the perks of California
follow now. 5
I AM JEALOUS.
Thank you for the shout-out! :)
we need to play that at mass next week
Don't Forget. Voter Registration Day at City College from 12-2pm today
National Doctor's Day is March 30th! Send flowers to say Thank You to your favorite doctor!
ing gorgeously awesome person
It is not as important where you have been as much as it is Where you are going!
Q9. One place you've gotta go before you kick the bucket?
Thank you! Have you picked up a copy of Ayla's new album yet?
getting ready to go out with jazmine :-)
Great night. I got caught up on episodes of #thevampirediaries and watched the #OKC Thunder game! Goodnight everyone.
“: #recordthatchangedmylife the first time i heard up the bracket - the libertines, it blew my mind.” Agree!
Watching the boats go by at the Hawaii Kai boat parade! Great decorations this year!
Doug Collins: "We can't stop Kevin Garnett." Says they're going to hope his misses his jumpers.
Win through your actions, never through argument.
S/O to xo
& you ARE buying #Ochocinco because you are talking about it...
RT : Anderson Cooper for president!
Reservations are required for the dinner, please call 503.693.8452.
agree with you)))
Building our Facebook page! Question: What company Facebook pages are successful to you?
Hi Travis All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
Lmao That's You Talm Bout You Wanna Pick A Fight With Me.!
AU sound checking. Patio is warm (it's all relative) and dry. Tonight has spring written all over it!
LOVE all this snow! I keep trying to convince to skip work and come play outside, but so far he remains a responsible grownup.
NO they don't ME GUSTA ^_^
andrew, seriously SHH!
Hey Warriors and Friends, How are you this morning?
#RealHousewives of New Jersey... Get over it, you went to jail...
Wu: Not good enough to care about one case of injustice. You must care about all injustices. We must work together
I have double ten green :( xx
First #BCFM tie! Solution? Fight to the death. won. Rip ben.
Tomorrow I'm visiting to put the final touches on the "Unsigned from Uptown" project before its ready for revisions & mastering.
Text me text me
Now is the best time to buy Modular Mates (special sale price on the super set!) and organize your kitchen. W.my.tupperware.com/jbarol
"I got a little bit a gout runnin down the old left tit."
#1414 Ok so I love your whole account <3 To sexy beast in your icon <3
Reindeer ear and rudolph nose car decorations, gonna miss that ticket for tacky
Happy mid-week to all! Just a few more days till we ring in 2012! Looking forward to a great year!
Well, it's official, Shell's 3rd Annual Fashion Auction will be this May... still finalizing the dates, so stay tuned...
If tyga can make it in music. Then so can I. Tyga I'm callin you out. Anybody know his twitter name
PSA for all things natural - Dad got an Rx pill stuck in his throat. In <24 hrs it burned a hole!
Three wines before dinner. No more for you young lady.
Emanuel now speculating on DREAM Act. Says if Obama wins election, incl. southwest states, and Dems get Senate, it will pass.
Cherry limeades >>
ohh hell no, F that noise!
Ugh can't sleep!!
Huge project launch happening later today.. client is extremely pleased and sent the best testimonial ever to the team!
you know how fun that's gone be???? Its like open gym
I'm looking for some real go getters....whose down??
1852. I would kill for a right angle
so glad to here sasha's keeping you company. you're never really alone if you have a cat. or, more accurately, your cat has you.
Sorry 4 being so late but thank u and hope u had a HAPPY THANKSGIVING yesterday 2 girl :) xo RT : Happy Thanksgiving!
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. -Confucius
ALCL people get it cause it's GOING!!!
you're such a nice sweet young men trying to help me :).
I am.... I got the M&M passes just to see you! Please go to the M&M in Sunrise Florida!
If she still got her twinkle toe sketchers,?
thanks! thats a gr8 question-my experience is mostly onstage. But will post fun commerical soon! Like the page 2 be kept in the loop
personal attack it a white flag. And this is what. A dozen. You lost along time ago. ,) thanks for making my point.
Tour De Quail stage 2 tonight.
Still swole Jeff watchd Bad Girls Club ...
no y
talks about Vegas Casino losses. Some $15 billion worth of casino development projects have failed, stalled or are struggling.
hey,my godfather/cousin is Patrick Dean, do you remember meeting him? anyways i just wanted to let you know, he said you are cool
Well, at least I'm no longer obligated to get a pixie cut. Doesn't mean I won't do it though
Upon reflection, I think today's outfit might be very Emma Pillsbury-esque.
What makes my day is people telling me that something I said made them so happy.
Only the best friend to "Give the cud" gives the whole bag))))
and thank you
You read about it and liked it
i will make you some extra chocolately chocochunky cholocate carly hot chocolate instead
I did ok surprisingly! lol I don't remember my score-but it was good enough to get into college & that was good enough for me :)
Stoked on some Goose Island!
You could always get an Android device for the best Google Maps experience :)
: thanks u too
Sometimes.. I can't wait to be a dad.
Yes, I think so as well. Keep on.
“ Obstacles cannot bend me. Every obstacle yields to effort. ” Leonardo da Vinci (1452–1519) Italian painter, sculptor, inventor
Funny thing: neither did the Sox. Yesterday tied for the largest comeback in NYY history.
1st sign 2012 may be a good year: accidentally walk across broken glass with bare feet & somehow don't cut up my feet!
great recommendation from immaculate Infatuation- keep it up boys-my fam and I had great time there tonight!
I like to keep my life simple. Complicated situations do not have room in my life.
is it that beautiful?? :)
Last round. Here comes the sleep...
what's good buddie
I am a hero worshiper. I like the number one tennis player. I like the number 1 baseball player. I want to see those records broken.
wats up Sis I ain't seen ya n a min I need to get up with to brothers but I was doing nuh just shopping a lil lol
Just got 's book. Love it! Breaking down a scene becomes more fun...like a puzzle I need to solve.
Keep it real wit yoself you want a good nigga but you doin things hoes do
RHYTHM ROOM STARTS TOMORROW
Go to hell
ooh, we are in the area so that is a possibility! will let u know. I'll DM you my #!
Day continues to be made...just found season 2 of Downton Abbey online! Goodbye world...see you in a week!
Procrastination doesn't stop when school is over -_-
send me your addy (amykant @ gmail) and I'll get a sample in the mail tomorrow!
Boo springing forward.
I can't wait till this week is over..
Two years ago, publishers said ebook sales were 1 percent of total book sales, now closer to 9 or 10 percent. NYT
Sure. Ill send you an email right now.
Silent House could also be the name of a raucous fraternity comedy set at a school for the deaf.
Thank you for the opportunity!! :) You rock, Shayna! Alanna says hi!
NO BeAT DANIEL SUN?lol CLUB EMPIRE TONIGHT!!!
Twitter>Facebook
chicken Rico is world famous!!!! So glad you went!
Thanks for the
Finishing the final touches on our teaser video. Warning- this is the first one we've ever made!
Hahaha, giving people a hard time >>>>
About the media landscape for publicity and promotion: #hangonitsgoingtobeabumpyride says
Nigger u lost
LOL RT : Awkward: Your cell phone going off full volume at a funeral. Even more awkward: Your ringtone being, "I Will Survive"
LOL - Amazed how many spend hours & hours on soc media talking to competitors/colleagues, not customers.
Don't try to enjoy it, let it try to enjoy you. Don't try to understand it, Let it try to understand you. -- ee cummings
you're ugly and ihy!!
- ian gon lie, you do look gud though !
I have the best friend in the entire world who gives up her friday night to hang out with me & bring me milkshakes<3
It should be noted that every history professor ever is the most boring person of all time.
Yes and yes. But mostly
Wedding now. Party later. :)
daang i havent been on this account much. its mainly been Natalie. i miss it<21
Lots of of bacon with and stephanie
Change positions
I'm trying to talk Kelley into it...I'll be sleeping...so I can listen to KPAM early tomorrow AM
Why all these rappers rhyming over their vocal tracks @ the BET "Hip-Hop" awards? Wow! These dudes are wack!
RT : "The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing." -Edmund Burke
wish i could attend presentation on happiness #learntrends, but I'm off to RDA training.
ur dish was fabulous anita!! Still thinking bout it today
If you decide to buy the Heart of the Ocean necklace, let us know so we can find you a good coupon code :)
I miss you SO much and I've been so worried about you and Nanda. How're you? I freaking miss you guys! #ILOVEYOU! <3
this person does! It was very distinctly munching--not nibbling or biting into or gnawing on. Just casual munching.
Everyone wish Florida hottie a happy birthday!
Peyton Manning to the most exciting team in #Miami. The #Marlins. You heard it here first.
Perfect day for homemade split pea soup while watching Flypaper
My Granny asked me to borrow my car... lol
lol wayne is a jerk but that song be havin me feeling some type of way each time i hear it lol
can't retweet this enough “: Why be in a relationship if you are going cheat?”
Few years. The JB's got dropped from their first label, and had issues releasing their first album. It happens
Thanks for the shout out! Sorry I missed #FF, I was out of the country! But I'd be happy to give you a plug this #FF!
I honestly have a real, albeit irrational fear of #zombies. After reading the survival guide, I'm kind of convinced they're real.
just tweeted about you and forgot to tag you in it..
Follow ! They just killed it in Dallas!
it is now in your inbox, enjoy
Tale of two quarters. Colts win First quarter. Saints win second. 10-6 pretty low scoring.
Bout to go get some of this Korean soup with my love. Trynna get rid of this sickness. Thank You, Lord, for being my healer.
it should probably go to me
that would DEFINITELY help! (: that is so sweet of you! Prayer is the best medicine (: thanks!! xoxox
I'm no rockhead, just a cheesehead!
Interested in learning more about us and our event? Check out our stellar website www.wildcanyongames.org or DM me with any questions!
I may need to put in a call to make sure all is well.
Thank you to everyone who placed an order during the weekend blitz party!
HBO has announced a premiere date, Jan. 29, for its David Milch / Michael Mann horseracing drama Luck. But should you care to lay odds on
The Worldwide Trends right now are awesome ;)
Not a betting man, but look for Kentucky to cover the spread on Thursday...no matter what the spread is.
I wish I went to bishop right now, this is their last week -.-
I have a new phone so text me first
Talking about variations on how different people define Spanglish-At Reaching #Latinos Online meetup.
yeahh, didn't look like that was workin out for ya too well!
This is a great multimedia exhibit session, thinking of my friends
Overcoming ego is a huge challenge that reaps great reward!!!
followed ;D
Will you stop and vote no on #SOPA? The internet will be dead if the bill is passed.
A 250GB Data cap set back in 2008 is a bit out of date for multiple person households,
Tech & Soc Wk 4: Gray marketing" refers to the resale of refurbished products.~D
SoundGarage Android having some issue signing-in (blank screen) on newer Samsung tablets. Issue being investigated & fix coming soon.
Nice! Bring it on! ;)
I forgot about your York endorsement deal.
I know I'm a day late, but I'm raising my hand tonight. RT : How many of you went home and started working again?
Yay i get to see at lunch in a few minutes!!!
stalker kid!!
hell yeah shawdy
download it pussy... Good luck on bio btw kill it
sure glad we r in touch
to make a list of the present's i'm left to get for christmas:-)
I'd say Song of Solomon, maybe Sula.
did we keep the girl talk to a decent level? Lol
call me at 6029049230 asap
oh my gosh, im so excited for 's ustream!! ahh!
Life is a "team sport"--and you ultimately choose your team and your players? How's your team right now?
Tell em' again Scoop... U mad C's bout to get the ax!!!
night & sweet dreams 2 damn tired 2 stay up & my sinuses r killin' me! Thank God Tomorrow is an off day I'm exhaustd from last 2 days Z
do you think Patients should be in control of rating 'patient satisfaction' in hospitals?
tank you ! iloveyoutoo <U+2764>
They have been terrible about announcing the winners this weekend.How many times can we have lick it up/kickstart my heart?
If you were making a pizza in honor of the packers, what would you put on it?
#liber2011 Norwegian Copyright Act of 1961 allows national library to digitize all pubs for long-term preservation. I want this in USA!
much appreciation for the mention (and the RT!)
did u get my email address bro?
Does love really last a lifetime?
Auuuuggghhhh! It was only a couple of flipper babies!
in Ybor with the Bros.
RT“: Another day another dollar”
#CapsBruins fan reaction with , -how much more rain? is live from #Caps game w locker room reax on News4
up way too early for a saturday
austerity -does that mean that you stop eating? ...
We need to cut extreme environmentalism to use our oil & natural gas while developing clean more efficient energy for future
Don't miss #TEDXYouth Day event at the Little Haiti Cultural Center ! Support the Miami-Dade youth creativity
can you follow me it would mean the world to me?
should be an even bigger scope on summer tourneys without summer league, I'm gonna try to make it to some
to early in the morining
thanks for looking out for DC residents at The Holland (Watassa Management)
Whoa. Tonight's ep of crossed into real life for me. Camp friend on the street = dude I actually did high school theater with.
RT Enjoying dinner at Dudley"s on Main with Debra
the lac is back!
I've got coffee, so everything's fine.
Chinese food for lunch with Reece :)
China Director Jo is Chungqing bound; Martin IT design is in Trongheim, Ken & Helena to NYC for design research; Krystal! Mind the store!
We must be prepared for what is presented in our life and be prepared to take the gift and use it for its highest purpose.
: Nice pic. Was that Saturday morning? Does Gus always wear a jacket & tie? I don't think I've seen him without.
You know its going to happen
It's always 1/3 ppl who can't neva be on time damn....they act like Houston 3doors down....
ok, no problem. I've got your book sample on kindle and looking forward to it. Enjoy the west coast!
tried the email but it bounced back! :(
Paladino = douche : If I run into Carl Paladino today I plan to beat the crap out of him.
agreed man, he also didn't have DMAC last year...
There will be plenty of chocolate options to choose from tomorrow!! :)
Mavs needed Marion last night. come back soon, matrix!
I have a degree in liberal arts. Do you want fries with that?
Also finally got that toilet fixed. Hopefully no more 400 dollar water bills.
you should write more articles about the Packers.
I love the live tweeting for us east coasters. You rule!
Two stops from work and we decide the metro needs to "hold"...really?
thank you for following
Beware the fury of a patient man. -John Dryden
GET YOUR BUTT ON! :O
If Liam Payne is in Florida I'm going to die!! Bsidjssysh
“: Drakkar Noir is the official scent of middle school dry humps.” #realtalk so funny.
:D RT : Today was one of those totally rewarding days and why I love to work with They're goin places errrrbody!
Appreciate the mention tons! And will check Molly out today! Your opinion matters THAT much!
Sign behind home plate makes me want a hotdog.
. we're sitting like 4 feet from each other. You couldn't have just asked me that?? Really? #AgeofTechnology?
Thank you for following me! :)
hello from my laptop!!!!
: do we have to be there at 730 or 8 today?
only if i had some real friends who didnt choose food over me...
Question of the day......Favorite venue in Sports? Why?
tumblr is too complicated to operate!!
Ok, I just sent you an email.
Except, we don't have vaccine yet. So what do we do today, with this moment and this user/patron?
when? Where you here this from
read your story, good beginning... hope you can make it different than the other classic best friend stories out there....
I hate the feeling of being useless
Shoulder and shoulder blade: pain at the midpoint of the inner edge of the shoulder blade
Libraries are like Blockbuster Video Stores for Nerds - e.e. cummings
The Chinese economy has shown signs of slowing down. Experts say that’s what happens when your workforce starts to enter its teens.,
"Today will blow your mind! I feel sorry for your mind."
i hate Chuck Norris
Well, that was nice. I called to ask whether a car had a clean title or if it was a rebuild... douchebag hung up on me! Lol!
Just know that your favorite cookie will never live up to meeting
Well we are in this fight together, mad props to we all do what we can to fight for those living w/
Oh what would I do without jersey shore.
One good thing about working in Santa Clarita? Walmart!
So much for football being a religious experience. Now i remember why i stopped going to church
Prepping for a garden filled weekend of fun with on March, 31st! Mark your calenders!
then I hate you!!!! JK but I love that song! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Only three days until “Viral,” the new music video I directed for The Architekz drops.
#Bones fucked him up this dude is pycho
Remember this, who you believe you are defines the way in which you create and experience your world
The way ASU moved the ball on that series, the Ducks have to be pretty happy with holding 'em to a field goal. 38-27 Ducks
Arming reads: "a head of garlic left out too long is full of paper air & last month's paycheck is on speed dial spent on a new moon & 30 day
#ttw2011 Individual definitions of privacy online always come down to autonomy and agency.
BAHAHAHAHA I've cut down drinking a little bit...mainly when I sleep.
Junior Seau, un-fucking-believable, two others I REALLY fear as similar dead-pool candidates are Favre and Terrell Owens, praying I'm wrong.
A sharp vision, backed by definite plans, gives you an amazing feeling of confidence and personal power.
Anybody know a good place in Los Angeles to get a car scratch repaired???
Grab some oatmeal and some chocolate chips and make it happen!
Its not really that, he can pull it off. Spike Lee directed version of a movie that doesnt need remade?!?!?! What the fuck.
Just realized I need more computing power to run my specification tests. :(
music is up :D
i just ate an orange, and it made me sad because i wish it was a Mounds bar
"you're so busy changing the world, just one smile can change all of mine. I love you with all of my soul." ... I love you too!
There's so many cute people in Jersey! YES!!! c:
I'm a Sags, too :D
The best place to store a Firehook baguette is in your stomach. We recommend you eat your baguette the day you buy it.
Taking over sooner than later
Is it bad that I can genuinely see her ending up like Lindsay Lohan or something?
I'm laying down
Of course, that means it's time to figure out how I did the architecture of the feature last year, and recreate it.
We will be uploading video online to youtube & vimeo to share. RT #ia2011 can we get a copy of that we are ready video?
OMG! I can always count on you to write back and be a ass hole :)
Very excited about doing 2 shows tonight!!!! I do so love a matinee!!! Bring it on!!!!!
hit that horn baby, let's dance
yeah, still grandpa-ing!
Getting close to the finish line. Today's agenda: Sound, Credits, Poster, Advertisement.
Kicking it old school in #downtownlv . Let's party!
Ah there we go! Mocking tweeting. There's the reason for the Antiquarian descriptor
We can't make an artist page, so not useful RT : RT : Are any classical music/arts admin folks on Ping? What do you think?
Damn I can't go back to work. They're playing Push It
Nvm bout to jus playing DBZ I fall out
This Bitch Just Put Me On Hold .
A third grader bought me a mountain of candy. Trying not to burn through it all. I'm going to be SO fat. LOL.
I'm so in love with both of you.
watching Moneyball right now. Loving it. Solid effort on your part. Must have been a blast!
Of course.
when was the covesville accident?
I would like to apologize for my sky is falling, they're done for attitude every single time the Caps lose a playoff game.
ttp://glutenfreeville.com/featured/gluten-free-halloween-candy-party-snacks
We are pretty sure that each and everyone of you should Get CURRIED Away today!!! See ya soon!!!
Happy Birthday Gaga :)
Going to check out Sketchy Black Dog tonight -- good times!
Woah! #Emory is so posh, they have parking attendants at automated garages. He just pushed buttons for me so I didn't have to stretch.
shout out to my new follower (:
If you're complaining about gas in Jersey don't come to Florida. It just hit $4.10 #
A little bonding with the co workers
This is pretty neat! Jumpin in the splash!(:
the world can become peaceful through the act of love, sharing, and an egoless mind. hope all of you enjoy my sound posts :)
I understand if u hate meh:( just get over it tho hater!!!
Procurement Specialist - Construction | Canada jobs | Hays ...
already have.
Triple H, 50 Cent & Justin Bieber... If this man loses you know why.
Won't be long before he actually is!
Have new members be at the greeting table to introduce them to other Rotarians.
Working on new heat! Stay tuned!
Why am I shirtless for this Funky Bunch shoot??? The world ain't ready!!
Chillin my dude check my new interview on bangintables!
It's responsible for more web traffic than Facebook, pretty unbelievable right?
Today i've heard backstreet boys, n'sync, &christina aguilara. Now all we need is britney spears &i've heard my entire childhood in 1 day.
The things I miss out on by not having a man around the house. Sigh.
Giveaway time! First person in the Valley area to message us gets a free 420 Yummy!!! (Must have Dr. Recommendation and California ID)
I know you were. I had to let you know I was down.
So. Many. Chances...
asdfghjkl it's beyond perfect
tommy is gay for hacking my Twitter and Facebook lol.
It's sad that we are fighting over money when people around the world live in war torn nations, starvation and fear.
Missing 4 straight birdie opportunities from within 14 feet will do that. Game isn't there.
Always my pleasure! Hope you're doing well!
RT if u don't think .coms will conduct proactive attacks for .govs, u haven't paid attention to armed conflict since...ever
Bosh is out indefinitely with a little abdominal strain?
That's good -- thanks! I'm not actually using WP on my index page, though. Does that make any difference?
Happy Hour all day! $2 Rainier-$3.25 wells-$6 doubles $7 Chi Chi or Strawberry Margarita
hope yall get this win tonight!
“: sounds like a fantastic topic - best of luck!”
Gorgeous night in Chitown. It better stay this way.
Was going to run Percy today, but it's raining.
Plz post pic. I'd love to see him as a BIG kid.
Photo bombing everyone tonight.
lubb you too(:
HA! Nice. Ours is "Sit On My Facebook" “: One of my all-time favorites: "Trivia Newton-John."”
Listening to a co-worker bitch and moan about the Pens but, just last week he was saying they got this in 5.
Is #Eminem ever NOT pissed off? We're still waiting for his children's album.
You don't need anyone's permission to from an #Occupy group and begin protesting honorably and effectively. Trust you gut.
If this is true .. #EndOfTheWorldConfessions .. I'm just mad i didnt get to live my full life. :(
Lmao is this bad? this stripper was trying so hard to be sexy I just laughed in her face. She got pissed off and she almost cried.
would u like to be an honorary member of the ZDU (zombie defense unit)? We could use some more #zombie asskickers like u!
Finally desperate housewives is getting better :3
Went to the #AppleStore to buy an Apple TV. Selected, bought, & paid for in 3 minutes flat... On a Saturday
I'm really sleepy . Don't wanna go to Spanish.
Top10 reasons hiring Larry Brown might pay dividends..1--cant get on a motorcycle 2--if hes on a mcycle, a 26 y/o blonde cant get him off...
You'll never know the things that bother me most .
Woman suggests that Paterno be reinstated to allow to retire as of end of football season as he wanted. Rousing applause
Thanks for the mention. Tons of support out there makes it tough to stop!
Agreed! : Congrats and on 40 Under 40! I love what you guys are doing for
is #F5expo being live streamed?
This day in 1956, Elvis Presley, made his first National Television appearance on the Dorsey brother's "Stage Show". 1st of 6 appearances.
Housewively duties abound.
After a break up yu might think I dnt care but I'm torn up on da inside,, but I will always keep my composure
thank u for the follow
Looks like everyone had a stellar time at Prom. Seeing all these pretty dresses and happy faces on FB brings a smile to my face. awh :)
Watching an entirely random movie...Adventures in Babysitting??!?
"Customed designed by God"
wasnt doin anything in class so after he took roll i DIPPED!....oh how i love college
7.. so wanna go to the mall before?!?!?
this shit dead
PUCCIAS!!!!we are here and ready to delight you with our amazing Puccias .PUCCIAAASS!!!!
can't make kickball practice today. Leia has a soccer game at 430.
Beautiful summer solstice! Going to try to soak in all the summer's potential.
We can call you a cab home if you like. :)
yep it is!
Thanks a ton! So many issues in there that we're working on solving. Props to for his quotes & advice to us early on
My law school crush is graduating this semester. Whatever will I do without his handsome face here next year?
...simply based on the way you act & present yourself would make you more of a person someone would want to keep around
Oh Anthony,You really aught not make such appearances in my dreams (lingering tingles) Can't wait to see u boys 5/25!
Surprise!Im back!
Turning tricks.
I will take one!
WTF?!!!! people are gonna suffer!!!
“: Time to make the Doughnuts!!” (any way to get Phil Simms off InsideNFL? he is killing me.)
I used to sing Mr.Tingles to sleep everynight. He was a good pussy.
We have one or two Limos available for this weekend in Pittsburgh. Don't get caught being the only one of your family with a DUI on Easter.
Yeah Dropbox is getting a workout tonight and all of these tunes are sounding crazy!! Can't wait to share it with the world!
Dear Into Your Arms, thanks for making me cry on the train. I need to find my way back to the start. Love sarah. :(
grabbing a quick meal at the apt.. you dropping back by here before dinner?
We have heard that the food is better now at the Rusty Pelican since the renovation. Great view of the city from there. ;-}
Contact They are MASTERS of social networking and can help you big time.
Yay for tech #recycling! RT Congrats to Milwaukee being Best in Reconnect 2011 cc:
Yea, that's if he sees my tweets! ;)
#ff and Both beautiful leading ladies who have huge influence and inspire/heal others
Are you guys going to wear sunglasses or anything to protect your eyes on Saturday?
Dijon vu - the same mustard as before.
Good Morning! Sorry I wasn't 2 happy on here yesterday lovlies. Everyone has those days..anywho I'm bk! I'm Blessed! N I'm highly favored!
i wish i was the girl u want to bed thinkin about every night instead im the girl sitin on my ipod tryin to get u too relize me
It has gotten a lot better in recent years - the micro usb port is more and more becoming the standard, aside from iPxxxx devs
! Is it the one You wanted ?! (SendingBigLove.)
Come join us for a discussion of Ohioan Susan Orlean's "Rin Tin Tin", the amazing story of a dog who was adopted in World War I Europe...
#HulkSmash indeed! #TheAvengers was amazing thanks to the genius that is Joss Whedon!!!
THANKS for following!!
Congrats to and at #Nautica South Beach #Triathlon!
haha, just watching Austin videos. (: YOu?
I'm getting a shirt made for St Pattys day...what should it say? Remember ill be in NY/NJ
Bianca this is Tony Wilkins I am working with Andre P of Island/Def Jam they are very interested in you for a major project.
We forget sometimes that there are saints living among us.
Just saw a motorcycle gang drive by wearing skull masks. Halloween is great.
Dolphins CB Sean Smith caught an interception today, then made a note to himself to put more butter on his fingers before the season starts
The student teacher in bio is weird...
Now the printer can keep up with your customer's online business! great seeing you all at the NBM show!
that explains the next day ; )
Being forgotten about :( <<<
thank you! #loveyoubff !!!
lol. Make up your mind Mr.
…Dudes. I love you. You're half of my favourite people. Drink. Go to the gym. Have sex. Whatever. Let's just act like respectful adults.
nvrmnd. you are on a mac. LOL
Texas Judge William Adams actions are appalling. just watched the video. The mother's actions are as appalling as his.She gets out-for what
where is Gene Simmons restaurant?!
that awkward moment when you can't think of anything awkward to tweet :)
I feel like I should move to Miami more than So Cal ... Decisions decisions decisions!
With Art Murmer and shows at the Fox and Paramount, downtown Oakland was packed. Nice to see a vibrant nightlife taking off over here.
If GA follows thru with executing #Troy Davis dispite grave doubts abt his guilt, there must be an investigation as to WHY!
I think it's hilarious watching you call for babies to be killed. Shows your true values.
Finishing practice for #IPODETROIT. 4/13. Our new name is Elks and Owls!
can't wait to see tiger baseball in Lexvegas SEC!
Just April 19 in Charlottesville. But might be in Boston in April as well!!
I'm directing a reading tonight of Kim Hanna's Driving To The Moon ,7pm followed by a talkback. PayWhatYouCan!
S/o to thank u guys for the support n love
what news?!?
...& I don't like that it leaves those who can't afford to pay perpetually bumped down the list for those who can.
Getting my hair done, won't BE done until like 8..30 xx.
seriously we need to get GPS on those guys
Krieder tried to go 5 hole....again.
Absolutely. Turning your back on a community that supported you will be remembered… and not soon forgotten.
shit tryna readjust to day free world
Obama, get your groove back!
STOP PEEPING my tweets after to day Yung wnt give u any more feedback!
I am a wolf and i'm on tha prowl(;
2/16/1791->A Hamilton:An act to incorporate the Subscribers to the Bank of the U.S. is before me..The constitutionality of it is objected to
Great people to follow as we talk about assessment
wasn't sure if u had it yet! :) RT : have bookbags, art supply, & back-to-school specials -110 halsey st
I love spending time with my handsome husband in this beautiful weather!
Playing video games, getting into drawing again, trying to get my book published, bunch of unsuccessful stuff. lol
OSU can't play Thomas w/ 4 fouls, cos he fouls every time he gets ball. Can't risk refs callin it close.
Mom's favorite color is Ashland Slate! She's a
God Bless Mommas everywhere. You have one of the most important jobs in the world. Cheers to you today.
See ya later summer! Hello fall :T
Instagram just isn't the same without
Need to sleep now. Need to finish the office to bedroom conversion tomorrow so my mom has a nice place to stay when she moves in this w/e :)
Hi!!! Same thing here! Working late again but very excited! Great projects coming our way! Keep in touch! Happy Holidays!
Darn you Game of Thrones why you gotta stop like that.
how u been???
It's sad that I had to post pics of myself in a bikini just to prove that noone is depressed over any lost relationship or " gaining weight"
Wikipedia: the musical: 6-day work sprint hosted bringing together wikipedia editors and curators to update and create articles
Celebrity Talent Promotion- checkoutjj on AP
#Shabbatshalom to all and wishing everyone a happy and peaceful year ahead as we get ready for our seders
I love you (:
Help needed for Badger fb game today. Go to United WI office at 1605 Monroe St starting as early as 10.
Happy 18th b-day Justin!! So proud of all u have done:)
Well. I'm the first idiot to get locked out of their room... Yep. So smart.
So hidden that you know us inside out. Thank you for the conversation. We appreciate your interaction.
Yeah, John Groce of Ohio
Me and are going to move to Washington D.C. and get a job at Nando's.
lol we are in seattle..its like 65 :D
if I was still at the ear I would for sure try to help but im not so I can't...sorry tho
Plus, I was COMPSCI, Math, with a fondness for English and Writing :)
I need it more
Theres are guy sitting in lower right hand corner in first row who looks like chris jericho
Sounds like things are going well. Even the Chancellor tweeted about it. ;D
as a secular milleniast i find the energysaver bulbs to be the most pussified, ugly of all options
Anyone gonna be at CES?
The BS is everywhere
Who wants Google + Invites?
My prayers are with you!
: Ready to rock the new hashtag:
The boys dressing room is on the sixth floor. The stage is on one. I smell a missed entrance at #PipeDream :)
#COOL i know how you feel.
I'm applying to be a volunteer in the VA library system for the summer.
I got a bike yesterday! I'm so excited to ride after my sunburn goes away. All in all a cool Earth Day, but I wish she protected me better!
can not believe we are communicating on twitter, who would have thought 30 years ago!Enjoy weekend. Speak soon! Love. X
-- If you need saves, though, then so be it.
No internet at work is a major bummer.
well that, or you're a lightweight...but thanks to the Mile High City, the twitterverse will never know the difference.
you got me addicted to that song! Haha bounce out pockets on loud!!!!
OH! Not to mention he was the cop who helped get her husband convicted.... smdh
Mine too. His artwork is awesome.
Audition done! Dont think I did as well as I had hoped but its in God's hands. if i make it i make it. If not...? Phil. 4:13 Jeremiah 29:11
I Love You Foo(:<
lmaoooo we get it from you;)
hahahah ya he's pretty good. Throws funky and hard
Bed time is my favorite time.
This Fox broadcast seems to love Eli Manning. #nfl sack
very true
I think I have an online shopping addiction lol
you gonna be out again tonight?
key off that result_type field :) honestly though, if you see a weird order, let me know.
Surprised Ben is up on the podium right now. Thought he'd be out causing trouble or something. He did get his second chance didn't he?
I live in Lexington...sounds like we need to have a tweetup :-)
i love u sis
That's a different Ian Carey...
yoooo dropping heat off he beat you sent me! Album going to be crazy!! What's else you cooking up?
I get to see tonight at !! SOS is opening for and
We're excited to see what's next for you! I'm interested in hearing what's next :)
gonna go spend a little time with my man... love u matt!
Hiking up Stone Mountain this morning then lunch with
Headed to #allhat ... Best event of SXSW
The dinosaur is there at the end of every game, making all kinds of inappropriate gestures.
lol..some moron tweeted that.
#SignsAPersonCantCook hella tv dinners in the freezer
haha who's after him. Soon they're all gonna be tweeting each other :') haha
I'm pretty sure I just ate the most delicious salad ever from Whole Foods.
"Even if it dont work out, I'd still be happy i was yours for a little while."<3(:
awww ((: thank you Heather !!! Love youui
congrats on the new LEED certified bldg in Anaheim! Yay for great blgs in Anaheim!
The great question... which I have not been able to answer... is, "What... does a woman want?"-Freud
3 days til I see you all!
Anything my children eat is merely a delivery system for ketchup or ranch dressing.
I don't go to YouTube to read.
Do Mormons have sex before they're married? Because I don't want a filthy presidential nomination, Mitt.
Have a safe and Happy new year year!!!! Visit us @ www.policemountainbiketraining.com
Have a happy new year curly wurlyyy and your fam and the rest of one direction ;')
I'd never make you cry!
Good morning tweeps!
OHH ok cool cool!!! pretty pumped yah we do---We have soo much too talk about--cant wait for u to come back to Dallas
S/o to I made it for the 1$ slices!
Trying to make this weekend's wedding manicure last...
I entered another poetry contest today. 16 poems out in the universe currently looking for acceptance. I'm done submitting for a while.
I find pleasure in holding doors for people who are slightly too far away, just so I can see that awkward run they do.
Can You Help Me Get Mre Friends .
I made horny today, now I'm off to LA
"I had a boner so hard it shot it out, went back in and came out my butt." on the
bebe dropped? Mazal tov. Wanna hear about nasty terror incompetence etc, or want to stay in the cocoon? Let me know! :)
James White and Montee Ball did not participate in today's scrimmage.
and that's a fact :D lol
LOL #FarmersOnly.com For Country Folks only (meet the Farmer of your dreams) City folk just wouldn't understand.
Nails are done. Goodnight! <U+270C> #workflow in the A.M
I'm sick!
Missing 's Truffle Mac 'n Cheese Bites. Heaven that "fell off the food truck". Is the food truck still around?
lol i love you and your technologically impaired self. (; <U+2665><U+2665>
If you could change one thing about your industry, what would it be? Turn it into a media angle.
We don't make rock bands answer that question, you know?
share on facebook!!
You want me to be there for you!!! You don't come! You want me to be your friend!! You don't make up your mind!!!!
actually no, I have an older brother
Membership has its privileges! $55 Individual & 250 Corporate Memberships. Signup online or at one of our events.
Thanks for the
Dam I'ma miss my girl as she gets stationed in Japan for 24 months :(.
hi I'm an up and coming actor looking network with other actors. And find a mentor in the business. Follow back
#AtABlackChurch you feel like your at a Flocka concert as hype as it be in there :-)
Wow...up 21 and then damn near had a heart attack.
#SuccessQuote you said it !
great win tonight!
ATTENTION: if you have limwire, you cannot use it anymore beacuse they got in trouble for illegal music downloads ..
Good morning all!
how tall r u?
What is your favorite place in the world
“The best and most beautiful things in life cannot be seen, not touched, but are felt in the heart.” - Helen Keller
Damn the Thunder are running train on LA...
Warp Tour <U+2665>
i know i went to bag n save at walmart then hyvee!! A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
Calm down.
hahaha get it! I'm in town hit me up!
Anybody notice the Obama huge picture at the Auburn LSU game
the way those boxes all fit in that truck bed appeals to my ocd.
Legislators also enacted a sweeping law forcing all Floridians to go through managed-care organizations to get care financed by Medicaid
Valiant effort. Almost pulled it off!
Can't wait to tell you all about it :D
Girls who show their tits in their avis have 828473928372 followers... Girls who just show their pretty smile have like 200 followers
it's bonkers...just over the top
I officially have the coolest cuzzin ever. Follow RIGHT NOW.
We'll be listening to the Children's Hour from Sacramento today! 89.9 community radio
I have never seen anything like this!
hahaha...they are in the Grove!
okay, it's going to be such an awesome day!!!!!!!!
i feel you. just hit my phone if youre trying to link up.you maybe trying to go to a sports bar tonight for the lakers game?
Rev Al Sharpton, good point!
When I was little I used to melt fruit snacks in the microwave so I could have one giant fruit snack than eat it...
Welcome back and congrats on the new gig!
My 4 year old niece found glowing bath water loads fun. :)
“: Wonder if STill down for tht atl trip” I'm just waiting on you!!!
I'm still on a high from my show.
Fantastic Women In Film event last night at the Cultural Center! Congrats to and Grace McPhillips
gun my pole
thanks for posting this! I didn't realized they were starting back today. I will definitely bike down.
Thank you! What's your address?
Welcome in--thanks so much for visiting this morning (and thanks again for the recommendation, ).
Just pointing out I've loved that stuff since I was twelve. Others jump on bandwagon. Not you, course,
Listening to at the Targusinfo interactive insights summit....Enchantment :)
I'm in a bad mood because I heard that song this morning....... -_-
Indeed, as if my time isn't already being sucked by Twitter, Facebook, , and oh, yeah my family ;)
#Avengers movie is well done and fun throughout. Finally someone gets the Hulk right. Thanks, Josh # Wedon!
why dont you ever get on twitter that much anymore
LA gig cancelled due to injury, but we'll see you soon LA.
Happy Monday, ya'll.
wow that's a good one ... one of the best uve done :p
Working on it ...hope it work out
You can get Website Redesign for $499.
Never be scarde to slap a bitch in the face
Wife won $2 on #MegaMillions and is rubbing it my face. Jokes on her, after taxes, it's only like $1.35
Please follow my newly-minted, official Young Republican Policy Committee Twitter account,
how did it feel to be up on stage doing your thing?
To answer ur ?, they made the expensive, pointless Ipad to test average consumer stupidity. So far, the statistic is: pretty stupid.
counsel suggests that starting an advisory committee now might enable city to get new districts in place by Nov 2013
My #5wordspeech is written. Now time to pick out the proper outfit. What does one wear to a digital soirée?
Pretty Much :D Duhh if Nick Tweeted me youh know i'll go Banana's Duh i have #MaraFever :DD :)ILYShawty<3
Oh wow, that's awesome! Sept 3 I'll be at the Fenton St Market in SS if you're still around.
Major issues w/ the School's #Comcast internet service. #CustomerService is of no help. Hopefully can help resolve our issue.
You Fell Off BAD !
Have you guys seen American Reunion yet // do you want to?!
Home! But, I somehow managed to ruin two (2!!) shirts this trip by putting a pen in my pocket without a cap. Pocket protector in my future.
Rise and grind. How is everyone feeling today?
Hey Wisconsin: remember to vote today! It is our right and privilege bought at a very high price!!
will do brutha...
If I were Hindu, I would wish to be reincarnated as a bear, so that I may hibernate every winter.
that I did. That I did.
Nice to meet you as well. I look forward to keeping in touch!
I still have like 5 hours... Lol
I prefer gnome shell to unit but got tired of hunting down plugins for basic stuff.
How do all of you like "One of a Kind" !? We wanna gear YOUR thoughts on it! honorsocietymusic.com FREE DOWNLOAD
fayettevill STATE UNIVERSITY ..... IS !
"and that toll manifested itself in an unfortunate incident yesterday"
Starting my countdown to #OBX : 73 days.
gotta go back to wack ass school tommorrow
can i atleast shower
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference. -Tom Brokaw
Holy cow! I'm at the gym, but feel like I'm at the mall during the holidays. Been sitting in the parking lot, waiting for a parking spot.
I remember when you niggas wasn't even rocking beards ...
No way! Just giving you a hard time. Not yet, my bb isn't totally config'ed
'Bout to watch a PRican and Mexican in a rooster fight to the death at #BlueBanana in DC. ARRIBA!!!
not a long time, but since august or september ;) wbu?
Voxer With Ha C:
&&' my only dream is for Prince Royce to sing me a song on my 15! in Person ! xD it would be a total dream come true :/ <U+2665><U+2665>' <U+2665>'
Date night! Table at dickson in 20.
Halloween Part II -Saturday night at the Playhouse. Last week 200+ swingers rocked the Haunted Club. Part II is booking fast.
A la escuela :D
Not even worth it ... I'm going to do the stuff they don't do (;
All this talk makes me want a new iPad and reminds me how dumb motions comics are.
Well once your finished with yoga on Sunday, you should be nice and limber for some Hip Hop lessons soon afterwards :)
not as big shit as you bubba
Oh you hate that bitch? Why don't you tweet more about it!
AND ITS SNOWING N RAINING!!!
yep,defense is still the key here-Iggy gonna need to maintain PP and NEEDS to hit threes and........free throws
Read a person's bio an it mentions the heat or the lakers… debate if it's worth it… usually follow anyway.
SWOT analysis to determine WHY your program is or should be online.
Basel til tomorrow (23rd) then back to NY - Sure, I'll email ya. Is that really you JP? ;-)
Happy #humpday everyone! Make it a great day, we are on the home stretch
With great power comes...RT : .'s score is infinity
To read more about HubSpot's customers, check out our partner and customer case studies
bout to get ready nd start a boring day of school -.-
Freddy Hernandez Photography doing his thing tonight, dress like the stars! :)
SOMEONE HAS NOT MET THE HEAVEN OF ASIAN SNACKS YET HUH? I GOT DIS!
hope you're having fun!!! Please go on Indiana Jones at least twice for me :)
you non wanna do that
nothing like a little Cam'Ron to soothe the soul.
they can jump up to get beat down....I don't talk or pull hair I throw punches period point blank
On the road to Missouri!
it is all in the detailed help system.
#WhyDoiAlways fall for the ones that I can't have.
HCR Tip: All new plans must offer free preventive services, such as mammograms & colonoscopies.
you're not ready!! YoungGun
I can hear you guys dancing now, right and ?!...
Macbook...whatever you wanna call it(:
well, THAT'S the ultimate goal ;)
I need coffee kahlua brownie ice cream
Friday Free Day today!!! Start 2012 off with some Friday afternoon dancing!
DM me your number. I wanna make sure I got the right one.
Another great job, OK's Denise B!
Someone send me some followers
I hope everyone had a safe and enjoyable 4th of July Weekend! Now back to work...
Come on in this room. And keep it real.
Any person who contributes to prosperity must prosper in turn. - Earl Nightingale
Thanks ! We look forward to seeing you soon! Good luck on the projects :-)
Can these copywriting secrets I have for you really boost your website sales? www.internet-copywriting-secrets.com
Ha, it's funny that you replied to that and said what you said. You're just talking about yourself.
Dear Universe: Please stop sending me reasons to hop on the next plane to Mobile.
Stopped in this morning for the first time in a while. So happy to see the espresso machine up and running!
My cat has been missing for 6hrs... Starting to get worried
She something like da seasons just like mother mature she cum n go as she plz Dats y dey get their once a month
About to listen to 's podcast and forget about everything ! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><U+270C>
travallier Work work
this will make anyone feel better about their day! Like Jerry springer only its REAL!
journey starts today big guy!
Happiness is just being satisfied with the life you lead.
OK, enough #France2012 tweets. I know ya'll not here for that.
"Envy me, rate me, hate me. Either way you aint me!"
haha, thanks Ted, I might give that a shot some day
Anyone have recommendations for nice quality printed magnets (my design)? Thanks in advance :)
#senate florida's families need your support with passage of SB1440/HB1083
“: Anyone ever heard of Dump Cake before? I'm making one this weekend for Easter Sunday! Cherry Pineapple Dump Cake!!!” want
because I dont have my phone so I took over my moms . I have her phone everyday because she has another. FUCKING TEXT ME .
It's not safe to give dog flea medication to your cat!Use only flea medication that was approved/prescribed by your veterinarian.
yea I am
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Butler GUM Denture Brushes and most oral care products.
It's National Creamsicle Day! Try some vanilla froyo with our orange magic shell as a twist on the popsicle classic!
There's a tidal wave of MEGAdata. How can we create a force multiplier for collective intelligence?
#kids #yoga #harlem FREE open house kids classes happening NOW!
i see youu. gurl stopppiit. like thanku for letting me use your phone for te
Me & brother just got our mama an edible arrangement. It looks so good!
I have used justanswer.com they charge a very small fee but answer was accurate, immeadiate and very helpful
Happy National High Five Day! Up top, down low...TOO SLOW!
I'm so glad you found us! <3
hello everyone :)
"An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile - hoping it will eat him last" ~ Winston Churchill
Help I'm stuck in the iCloud!
Five more vendor slots for #SMILEcon in Dallas available www.TheSMILEConference.com
#IMissTheDaysWhen I was a kid.
Landed in LA- Rose Bowl bound
Good Morning! Have a Sensational Satisfying Saturday! SPREAD LOVE
"When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on." -Franklin D. Roosevelt
We're just over three hours way from our "dead tweet" performance of #deadmanscellphone! Follow us to join this technological journey.
Please welcome to Twitter. She's a designer Don't forget to add her as well :D
New on tap for limited time, Rouge Pumpkin Patch Ale. Making it's glorious comeback...Spaten!
Squee! ... Sorry. I just have to do that every once in a while. :)
deeeelish. great space too.
that's great Jeff, congrats!
Happy Capitulation Day!!!!!
Our Competition and Young Artist Training Programs applications are live! Find out more on our website: www.operatheaterpittsburgh.org
Just joined Pintrest and kind of don't get it or care to use it. Bahh.
"What's past is prologue." - William Shakespeare
You there much longer?
"#WhyThisNationIsInDecline people would rather talk about mundane bullsh*t than things that matter”
lol yeah something like that
Eric Winston expected to receive an offer from Dolphins. Many teams will want him though.
Correction, its the WCC
THATS A DOPE ASS PIRATE HAT MOM!
I just finished a 3.68 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Never abandon Gods principles and instructions... G.P.S(Gods Perfect Standard) makes traveling a whole lot simpler!!!!
What the Foo was that?
When were you there?
Oh! Speak twitter to me! :-P
Ok, thinking cap on.
When I was 18 I was front row at an Alanis concert. I sang my heart out to impress my high school sweetheart. It worked.
La La La La Love is Dead.
sometimes being "the grown-up" means to tell the people to go the fuck home
Thank you, Larry. HEARTLESS sounds GREAT - I'm certain I'll enjoy it!
#MyCelebCrushIs AUSTIN COLLIE!
you should link to the page
never heard of a workout being called cute before lol. thanks?
Been knocking on doors 2 promote my #zumba class. Now in for a break, considering performing a steamy routine in the park...
Can one of your most dedicated fans from TN get a RT on her 40th birthday?
WHOA.They said they had something to send and I told them to send to Pastor Rohm.
Hear from OSU President Ed Ray on the economic impact the university has on Oregon tonight at 6:30pm on KGW.
My baby girls field day was amazing :) shes so competitive. Lol
I'm sitting in my la-z-boy “: Hot yoga time, post rehearsal... I succumb to the heat and focus on conditioning. No pain, no fear.”
yup do it you know you want too!
thanks for the popcorn
7 months already I still can't believe it's been that long with her it's been the best 7 month ever and loving every min with you I love u!
More work on The Last Castrato. Two more characters to go!
failing to prepare is preparing to fail.
If if too far north will be throwing a viewing party! Come early! Chant! Go SKC!!
Im upset my big brother is ignoring me today wack ass ! lolx
#NP Sure Thing
I'm in thang
can zayn and I just get married already because I love guacamole
Sitting here watching this softball game in the car pretending its the sand lot.. where is the great bam bean o.
dont miss me too much in resource tmrw...
What is your need? Are you looking for City bus or like a tour bus?
wen you text in the morning
The stars are projectors, projecting our lives down to this planet earth.
: "Don't have a #crapattack!!"
Everybody must have been shopping today. I had the fewest emails ever!
Whatever words I say, I will always love you.
Thank you!
"..Going public no longer has the glamour". I always figured they were hurting and needed the money, otherwise why bother?
what if got on - Mercy. WHOO
We want to attract all ages.
March 9th @ the new hazlett theater in Pittsburgh, our first acoustic show ever! Support
lol what up lady!!
the lord of the rings!!
hahahah sucks !!!!! mine was fun!!!
That was awesome! I just love her sweet face <3
I tried to watch that but started sobbing before it ended ''lol''
> u r on bus one with me and hobbs. U still down for going?
Great panel - Economic Impact of Fitness Industry in Vancouver USA! Thrilled to assist in bringing sports events to
MT Of note tonight, #cf97 2012 first round draft pick Austin Berry will receive his first #MLS start
Many websites are designed for sighted people, leaving non-sighted people out to dry.
Avengers was a good movie. I kept waiting for Sam Jackson to point out the lack of motherf&%$cking snakes on the motherf&%$cking plane.
Larusson: does it work? Originality significantly associated with independently determined grades in pilot study.
My props to Ms. Hill. Good balls.
gotta wonder what the rest of the B1G thinks of #Spartans #Badgers #Buckeyes & #Wolverines in every athletic championship
you are very welcome.
Spring is here-at least in the kitchen, we have ramps folks! They will be on the menu tonight!
good luck! “: We're 5th in the #SWMadison line-up for final pitches! Feeling really positive! :D”
flyer then a fucken bee tho, you cant beat em.
. Oh I see you got in the time machine with Garnett too!?! Well done!
Give from one hand and take from others follow and will follow back at same time Checkout please
has the most beautiful smile its so straight & pearly white haha & hes also cute too :)
I think does well and wants this to work. Can't lay organizers' failures entirely on city hall's stoop.
bring your snorkel
Just got a special get well/ happy birthday delivery from So lucky to call that lady my friend.
RT : RT : New chapter on Usability Evaluation. A fantastic chapter with some fantastic commentaries !
According to scientists drinking one can of four loko is like drinking 4 beers, 2 red bulls, a small taco, and a park bench.
I feel like I play with fire all the time but I keep thinking it's rain
50% OFF my regular rates for being coached TODAY ONLY. I have a 3 hour window to fill. Interested? Drop me a line to Yeshua_Won on Skype.
Will you share the names of the apps you use for flash? I'd love to know more about this. I had no idea.
did you do the mud run? Or cross country stuff?
Hossa: “I don’t want to see this stuff in hockey. I was angry, but what can you do? It’s behind me now. I’ll try to focus on rehab..."
Yes, that was awesome. I bet won a few fans just now.
I rarely use this Twitter thing. I don't see that changing much any time soon...unless I tweet about how rarely I use it.
As u learned to forget about me I already forgot about u!soo moving on:)
TV networks...want better prime time ratings? Just put up a Twitter feed. It's more entertaining.
Jacobs must of forgotten he was 6'4" 260 on that run
But I definitely want to have an official New Pal Night!
The Sound of Music
finally got back to chicago at a reasonable time
should I leave post it notes around the office to remind you on days I'm not there?
Today's pro: amazing day in Boulder. :-) Con: I dropped my sushi and it exploded all over the ground. :-(
DealShow is a drop off location for Coats for Colorado, the weather is changing please drop by your gently used coats
Abby Normal's ?
Brother got an offer for being a Spanish translator for the Olympics.
Probably around the lunch hour, a definite time isn't set yet.
yes girl!! I'm mad what I want is 350 bucks
Congrats on your 20 year anniversary. And thanks for the follow! Please let me know how I can help YOU.
do u have most of your things? i think im gnna start packing today!
Finding out your crush isn't at school today and feeling like you wasted a perfectly good outfit.
Pujols should have stayed a Cardinal
tell em to leave the writtens at home. It hurts more than it helps when it's time to execute on camera.
Evidently delivering my disdain of megabus's heat by telling driver that "homegirl is sweating her tatas off" was effective.
Thanks for the link!
"Love unlocks doors and opens windows that weren't even there before." ~Mignon McLaughlin. Happy Valentine's Day
it was an F15. Not an F16.
uh-oh, our little Sweeney toddler has discovered my electric shaver. This can't end well. :P
duh! It's what makes Monday's enjoyable!!! :)
"Don't go down on her butt on the 1st date… Don't go down on her butt on the 1st date." - self pep talk as I try to be less slutty
Taping VMA awards. Hope they do a nice tribute to Amy Winehouse.
Going to wegmans for eat in is like HS lunch or college dining hall w/o the joy and twice the disillusionment plus babies.
Oh my goodness I'm graduating today!
The doctors basically had given him a very small chance of survival. He has been in the hospital for 7 months
Watching National Security
he was dreamy in the interview. I wish i could see it, too.
Nail and Club Spa Colorado Eye Extension!
Sex and the City is on! Perfect for packing day! #satc <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0097><U+00BD>
i was crazy back then!
You will have a huge headache in the morning. LOL
Thought you were tired of waching movies
Playing Tonic Tavern 12/23. Don't miss this pre-Christmas warm up with Henry "Butter Sauce" Huggins and me it's got to be Funky.
"It's important to have some laughs, but you gotta suffer a little too because otherwise you miss the whole point to life."
Hey! You have Blackberry? Cool, I do too!:] What's that background or theme's name?=] hehe!:)
who's going to be the 1,000 follower?! thank you so much for the support :)<3
Bottle This - labels for water bottles
RT : #andypoll: what was your big takeaway from your last conference? Answer & RT plz!
"I always thought that when authority began inspiring contempt, it had stopped being authority." Henry Beam Piper - Ministry of Disturbance
k holy shit !
I picked 13/16 games right on day one. Looks like I've risen to the house leader board
it's 4/20! Or, as I like to call it.... "Friday"
Ricky Gervais Makes Gay Scientologist Joke At Golden Globes (VIDEO)
Happy Friday! We're FOUR away from 175 followers. Can you help us meet this milestone?
My top 10 Reasons why I love my iPad, Reason #6 learn how to play an instrument this year
If you love our stuff, FF?
Thanks to all the new followers. Please help spread the word. Retweet & encourage your followers to become followers.
Calling sponsors tomorrow for #Knock. -JO
While preparing a piece for publication , I couldn't find a single thing that needed to be changed. Is that even possible?
Cold and flu season is upon us. Remember to wash your hands often and follow it up with lotion to keep skin from cracking.
It looks cool!
Off to bed and to go cuddle with my amazing boyfriend what a incredible night. Goodnight!
M.. breakfast tacos...
please come back to NY ! <33333333333
Thank you loved hearing about and you make the MSP community great!! #smbmsp cc:
Don't know how I missed congratulating Diego - que bello! Congrats Dad! ;)
I love you<3
I'm imagining Tim hooked up to electric shock with your finger on the buzzer.
Oh my, two fancy dinner celebrations this week! Moto on Friday: Anniversary. Spiaggia tonight: Father-in-law's 100th paper got accepted!
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT....YOU KNOW....THEY KNOW..
shit my phone crapped out and sent that to the wrong person xD meant to jokingly send it to Thomas
Just finished a "teams" survey for my LWV classmate Amy. What's better....traditional teams or virtual teams?? Good exercise!
Im in the mood to watch jackass
I'm aware......it suppose to look that that...thanks
how do we get free passes to workout? says youre da man
Happy Birthday Lucy! I hope you love your 'Gabba' cake!!! :)
truee I mean there's always next year
Never, never, never, never give up. -Winston Churchill
thanks for following Hannah
ur exactly right
nawl not yet I just walked in da crib
wat u up too
Need something picked up or delivered. Call 312-666-6800 and get a quote.
find Brew Dog in SF!
Can't wait! RT : Tomorrow night 4/13 I'll be in Vegas!!! Come check me out at Gallery Night Club! RT!
congrats on graduation and thanks for supporting libraries tonight!
Spent a lot of time tonight thinking about how many improvisers I'd like to see with their shirts off. Turns out the answer is "a lot."
u have any suggestions? rt I wish the Ashley season just never happened. We need someone NEW!
and where did you find one? i never see them in brooklyn.
subvention. a great word, and something it seems we need more of, I'm thinking, after reading yr posts.
Roommate: hahhahahahaha, sorry, I keep forgetting that you are deformed when I see you
i need to play foot ball
NODOUBT I THINK THE NAME IS FLY I KNEW IT MEANT SOMETHING
You know I'm going to ask you to share what you learned this week Chris, right? ;-)
Listen to 101.9 KINK FM tonight around 8:30 pm tonight to hear City Squirrel!
Friday flashback jam: The Mighty Lemon Drops - "Inside Out"
Are they wearing blue and red ties 'cause they're afraid we don't know which side they're on?
Happy Mother's Day to the women who embrace that title & for the sacrifices they make. Blessed to have my mother, wife, & mother in law.
We missed at the #tirbokick athon! 4 hours of crazy rockin' w/
You are a braver woman than I - this is more a day to go to and get a fried chicken than bake one for me.
hehe, so tempting though!!! =D
Leaving MD soon to visit long distance girlfriend in OH. Thing I'm looking forward to most? Trying out First-Meal. -JO
So who has a nice place for me and to go to dinner in #Boston tomorrow night?
Just got to Tucson about to meet up with my guy 2 Chainz and Travis Porter before the show Tonight.
no whats up? wanna talk? :D
lmao! I knew it!
We're at Ace Hardware. Buying butt connectors. Heh. Heh heh.
it's all about
I appreciate everyone who supports my craft and enjoy my music. You are the fuel to my engine. I will never let you down
OH, Im embarrassed, my bad....LOL, I love your work as well, what a refreshing project, see you in Miami
just got word...im GIGIN @ the magic in VEGAS aug 20-24..GOD is GOOD....you might want to COME...BIG FUN while i work..i love what i do!!
Nice day 4 tennis, but ur still wearing that wrap:( hope u take it off soon :)
Abraham Lincoln with an eagle on his shoulder
Fat Tuesday a bad day to start a new healthy food regiment? Nah
We're with the group that likes actors and comedy. We get less funny the more we post...
On my way to Vegas
- PoetryByMe Roses r red violets r blue. Uhave me i have u ,if you dont , i will cry.. I wnna be with you ; til we both drift to da sky *_*
Something they fail to mention on the tourism brochures. RT : Phx is tied with LA for worse air in the country..
I run Tampa...Bitch.
It's not always what you say that matters, sometimes it's what you don't say - Mr.Krabs
when you play your guitar till I fall asleep<3
hey, I am following you already!
in like two weeks for the Dallas Greek Picnic
Yes, please!
There are more mobile devces than all the worlds's televisions and computers combined. Ask us how to reach these devices with your marketing
AH YEEEAAAHHH! Thanks guys! We'll post this on our blog manana!
I cant help but laugh at seeing a "news" tweet in the middle of the real news in my feed. How out of touch can you be?
need my phone charger
i seriously need to learn how to open up to everyone.
Pfizer Earnings Fall on Declining Lipitor Revenue | Benzinga
i hate when people are like ' follow my friend, they will follow you back ' & then the friend never follows you back..!
Well this tells you every friendship has its UPS and Downs ..and rite We all not getting along
In kindergarten, lice was like the std lol
getting ready to go to Kite Fest at Milwaukee's lakefront. Always a good time.
Morning run: before dawn, the moon is still high. I trot past a graveyard evoking an eerie feeling. Move sucka, move! Move sucka move!
ha, season three, Syzygy.
Yes, but don't tell anyone.
May 1st is Roll Out date everything coming together
RT : LMAO! That's a lot of wieners!//my hands are sore from wrapping
are you open during spring break?
The best revenge is to move on and get over it. Don't give someone the satisfaction of watching you suffer.
I'm bringing over a ladder!!!! I gotchuuu
Love you more. Forever still wouldn't be long enough to be with you.
But the musical's never been a movie! That's the version dear to my heart. I have faith in Anne Hathaway. Need to see a HQ trailer.
I know - it went by way too fast! They were so cool.
: i whip my hair back & forth : make sure yo track don't slip out ; LMAAAOO!
I love you too! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
haha GtW, I just looked at your web page, your banner is so cute LOL... Greg the Writer. :)
i wanna go see at hi-dive but i might nod off over this plate of tacos instead
Q: What's the definition of macho? A: Jogging home from your own vasectomy.
Please don't go.
However, I am thoroughly amused one of my parents will be taking me to the doctor tomorrow.
I couldn't watch the episodes tonight, but let's trend:
Mints? No. Shit? Yes.
I really like qtweeter<U+E337>
Is having morning coffee in bed counter productive?
Happy National Pancake Day!
Trouble makers;P
They definitely can help them. She has great credentials. She was part of OJ's defense team.
Eden Prairie High Boys Hockey team is in the house!
REFER A FRIEND, FAMILY OR SOMEONE & GET FREE PRINTING? YES FREE PRINTING!!!! I STAND BY THIS!!!!!!
Hi , welcome aboard to both Twitter and the Brewers!
Haha - entire series is good (though I liked the first the best) see the movie or reading first?
VIP starts as low as $35 per person & gets you a private section with bottle service! Pre-book for FREE cover + line skip! 414.335.9569
i'm still alive, just barely.. /:
goodmorning too all of u :)
-yeah bro your should stop thru. and imma need a track from you for my tape.
That was fucking awesome.... I can't contain my glee!
I KNOW! I am pacing this is insane
You're lucky! We're continually covering the wawine scene on I'm happy the post it touched you!
FEELS GOOD 2 KNOW THAT I HAVE BEEN PART OF #MYWORLDTOUR !! <U+2665> I LOVE YOU THANKS SO MUCH <U+2665> Follow me please . #NEVERSAYNEVER !!!
I cannot say it enough; how lucky I feel to work with students, empower & energize them for their careers. THEY inspire ME!
I Miss My Baby Already
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAA holy fuck you're "about me" is funny! Hahahhhaha
Happy International Beer Day
So I probably um fucked that up somehow
thanks :-) ialways appreciate new music :-)
ah I love you ! You inspire me too... Send me a pic of ur tits so I can make them my background #jk not
what I love is that Eileen will never get this joke since she hasn't read any Chaucer!!
Not sleeping until 1 anymore blows
- Ima Make yew my bissh cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake...... #Rihanna... Birthday cake
Where can one buy a man's bathing suit in Manhattan? Macys has none!!
Hoping that Juliet sings the Across the Universe version of Helter Skelter sometime this season!
I just might, it's still THAT good.
This diet is starting to make me depressed.
Rose officially out, CJ starting tonight!
Anybody reading former O.J. Simpson Prosecutor Marcia Clark's crime novels? What do you think of them?
is this supposed to be a comeback? Shits weak.
Your hearts a mess.
THE DARE TO DREAM BOOKS, AND A CAMERA AND A PHONE AND STUFF... OMFG, SKYPE ME..
Ha Ha Ha Ha stop playin wit me so much
please tell me how do you like it
Life's battles don't always go to the stronger or faster man. Sooner or later the man who wins is the man who thinks he can. -Vince Lombardi
The waves in Cleveland are crazy right now.
The truth is on the march and nothing will stop it
Man, it got super nice out too. :x
yes bitch!
Going to the Dome today 4 the Falcon's game...can't wait...should be a good one. Rise Up, Dirty Birds!
Asking for what you want rarely has a downside when all is said and done.
Shower. Latin honor society induction tomorow morning:)
so many things to do and im just sitting here having coffee. hoping it inspires me to do all those things i need to do
oh they wouldnt give u a loa?
Area 61/62/63 met today and set the budget.
Now I lay me down to sleep. I pray the lord my soul to keep. Guide and guard me through the night and wake me less the mornings light.
hey Liz ima be in this account for a while just wanted to let you know :) feel better and goodnight luv!
I just finished a 2.55 mi run with a time of 29:20 with Nike+ GPS.
Finally got around to watching the season premiere of #Southland, and it is easily one of the best shows on TV. Good, good stuff.
i like to go "we!" and go fast. #snowboarding ... but i don't go "we!" out loud. Only theoretically speaking.
Amen to that. To bed I go.
We are releasing Changing Priorities official music video tomorrow night!! RT and stop by our FB page to listen to the new jams!!RT RT!!
I want to put some big laces on them. :)
I have always wanted to vist New York Btw How was ur Shoot?
Had a lot of fun...
I have #exclusive Junior .net developer role in #cambridge mass need some #html #css #java or some #ios. Definite .net though
- So 2 torn acl,s Rose and Iman just terrible
Thank you Paul, Johnny's one of my favorites
Middlebrooks is a stud and will be the Sox 3B the rest of THIS year.
": I rather be an outcast than to have what these people call "swag". Sounds pathetic."
Hey Scott, what's with the hair?
Join us for Pub Quiz tonight at 7:30pm! Great drink & food specials and always a good time.
I hate girls who only get into what their boyfriend likes. Its like who are you really? You never see guys going to yoga or reading Cosmo.
Glad you liked it!
Like Jada said when it comes to my family it aint never a problem its only a phone call
Up at 545 am with and John Sullivan for project. Covering Mitt Romney in Rosemont.
me too I just turned
How often can/do most labs upgrade/update their equipment vs. modifying testing habits to accommodate older equipment?
Chili's with my best friend ! I love having her home :)
Happy Father's Day to all the dads from all of us at Teasatia.com. Unwind everyday with a cuppa tea!
If Braun's test was taken in St. Louis the Cards should have to give up their championship.
unless I missed them from yesterday or today cuz I didn't go 2 school Idk no one told us anything so I'm confuzzled olo
Rogers was guilty of 2 very poor throws yesterday the coach should be mad about that
Nicky how clean is the MOTU HD192?
I LOVE my I Pad 2.
Some niggas go over board wit the tattoos SMDH
man of the hour: poppa d.
mixed feelings.
When my dad surprise visits me and takes me out >
Monkfish wild truffles matanzas chardonnay...yum
I know you enjoy it. ;D
Smart, solid read and react passer. And he wins. Sound familiar?
Tell him, "Yes, but it's up there in B&W because I'm actually pale green."
My UX comment today: "This record button looks more like a Japanese flague".
Twitter is so fucking FUN!
MJ's funeral was way overblown&over-hyped. L.A. basically put 2K police out 2 deal w/est. crowds, but only a few hundredshowed.
Cruisin' through OH. Not much to see except cows and Mennonites. Both dressed very similarly.
Amazing show. Awesome hang. Thank you dude! Lookin’ forward to the next time…
Wake up <U+2192> sleep again for 15 minutes <U+2192> the real wake up.
Obviously the selection process for The Hobey Baker Award is on track when a Top Ten shows such class and character. Go Shawn!
Heading home from LA. A great day of doing #hair for a music video for
Planning to work with family in Cozamal Mexico this month. I love warm places and love knowing another family will be living a new life soon
Goodbye Wisteria Lane
I wish I knew how guys thought..
The one katy perry song I love: Thinking of You. never gets old, never gets any less beautiful ?
can't wait for that album of yours to come out. I'll pretend it's Black Friday and wait in line for it!!
40404 I am out at bank, do you need s ride?
Trying to round people up to come to the Jack Marshall ball for Jack Marshall who died of a brain tumour x
auto spell check..grrr
I'll have to check it out. Hadn't heard about it so thanks for the heads up!
Kylie Doniak serves a ball into the box. Kristin Cummins heads the ball straight into Tech's goal. Texas 1, Tech 0
Never sleep
#kids The Super Duper Show: The Super Duper Show Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 4:00 PM Royal Resort Hotel & Casino 99 Convention Centre Drive,...
i came in The SSC to do my work..&& every since i walked in robby && his friends been making me laugh...
Hey , thanks for the follow!
Downloaded the new vSphere iPad client, but stuck in the airpot and can't test it out. Bo!
coffee on Sunday? Perfect! Call me on my cell.
What is? Lol
isn't she so sweet?! Thanks for the kind words!
isn't it a family party...
In Music Mting Shooter Jennings “Everything Else is Illusion” ok 1st listen can’t decide if theres too much going on or not enough
Can we fall, one more time. Stop the tape, and rewind? Oh and if you walk away I know I'll fade cause there is nobody else.
Working on it!
really? blake?
Falcons pull out a tough game on the road in Seattle. Either they're really good, or our defense really sucks! Still glad to be 2-3!
which part of Charles? There is a mini creative district around Eager and Charles with some good architecture shops.
Walking Zombie... Ughh when will it be Friday :/
Visits from and ... it's a good day.
Hi Lauren - The fun has arrived.
yeah i did u look great!:)
You can tell a mans sexuality by the way he puts his hands on his hips.
": Love on purpose, see what happens...#TryGod"
for sure I'm doin workouts wit my guys Chris and Deon at la fitness next week prolly morning workouts
haha good for you, queso on me at
Watching #beringseagold with 2 yr old son, he is already bored. =(
you guys should replace tory and gabriella:) you guys are hilarious!
#NF i'll return the favor
An American hero, Lee Ellis is our guest today, talking about Leadership and his experience as a POW! Join us!
#stm2012 hive, was the human genome project ROI ~4 billion with a return of ~800 billion and not millions?
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS #TEAM FOLLOW BACK #INSTANT FOLLOW BACK #TEAMAUTOFOLLOW #500ADAY #TFB #100ADAY X2
Buying a new bowling ball... Cause that's how I roll.
Winding up your shopping? We are over the green bridge and across the street from the "chain" at the Crossing. Stop by!
One day freezing and deep snow, the next warm enough for shorts! That's Kentucky weather for you!
Morning menthol. <3
Finally got my iPhone back working. Yay!
Went to Weight Watchers this morning and someone mentioned M&Ms. Guess what I had on my way home?
baby what are you up to today? I want to punch Dakota Fanning on the head
I have a little problem....
It is fun and makes you forget about the dreaded exercise
I've got popcorn AND a soda.
well there ya go, stay updated at the bar!
Blogs are still growing! RT"Bloggers play a crucial role in marketing today & I believe will have bigger impact in the future"-
Very cool!
Rye owners are working on a new restaurant concept for Fell's
Hi Sarah. I've been doing my collage art for quite awhile now but am relatively new to twitter. Thanks for the input!
Somewhere we went wrong, We were once so strong. Our love is like a song, You can't forget it..
YES, SHE DOES, LOL! A Knight...in a snappy suit, perhaps?
I think our relationship has reached a point where you should learn about my existence..
i just watched two minutes of my strange addiction and now i want to throw up
I should probably stop reading about Internet phenomena and cults and French parenting styles and go to sleep, right?
the more you breathe, the more you let trees live. The more people die, the more trees die. Stop war! Protect the trees!
2 white cups and i got that drink, could be purple could be pink.
"I never said that about Stan" - Dwight Howard
Loll, so you just broke up with your boyfriend who you "loved" and now you automatically have another one? Smh.
must have BB apps: quick pull, berry buzz, uber twitter. DL from crackberry.com
It was great having u & John. U r welcome to visit again anytime. Happy Holidays!
We have four meeting spaces in the library, so the YA librarian choses the staff room to host a meeting for a group of teenagers. Why?.
Thank you for following!!
Magnificent Trimmings Releases Chandelier Crystals with a MAGNETIC TIP!
Butterflies in my tummy
Thanks Shane....
My Side Chick just called me.. Let me stop Tweeting for a while so she think I fell asleep! haahahhha to funny
monday night football. hoping eli does well so i win fantasy football.
rickey and I found that our when we were dating too ;)
Looking for cheap & fun kids crafts, any advice?
You fucking smashed it tonight. Any time you can incorporate the situation and AIDS, you got my vote.
did the entire #tbo crew go to the game or what?
Back to the Future 4: Back to the Beiber
Thank you for accepting blame. It's so good to know there are still people who think team > individual.
hybrid one will be on demand as well.
A: We weren't prepared, but we acted as if we were in crisis mode, albeit a good crisis -VCU
Hope is as fair with investigation into his lawbreaking as for a teacher. LAUSD management needs new evaluation system!
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
so excited for to feature on her may 8th #segment. :)
everything worked, caly b made me call reverse 100 x
Did you see "The Help?" That was a mere 50 years ago. We have come a long way
In NYC for Hans Breder Foundation annual board meeting and his opening reception at White Box in Bowery
RT : RT : Pattern for change: direct the rider, motivate the elephant and shape the path. - Chip Heath
At the movies:-)
#fact you're awesome to follow!
Join us TODAY from 10am-3pm for our Superb Superhero Silly Saturday!! Wear your best superhero costume and MEET you favorite Superheros!!
um I love you and so happy you're my neighbor in case there is for REAL a serial killer in Milwaukee
I like my beats fast and my bass down low
Practice waz good now tired
Good Luck in the WPT Championship, wish I could make it but will see you the following week. Need to cash Phil Good Luck
Lmaooo “: YO Why is Rock the Bells on the WEST COAST BRUH!”
Thanks for the mention. Looking for anything in particular?
RT : Looking for a church filled with ordinary people seeking extraordinary lives? Come check out " -thanks!
If I seem frequently distracted when I'm talking to you, it just means you're not interesting enough 2 hold my attention.
really just want school to be done.
Watching American Idol from last night. Joshua Ledet is my boy. He is my boy!
well, you need plugin commander and new blog defaults (another plugin) to set the default theme as digress.it
about to watch celebrity liar in the room www.theroomlive.com check it out cool show!
I really want the Remington curling wand, I need it omfg
My butt hurts from spin today :(
My sister's robot encounter has me imagining the same kind of tech in online/hybrid classes
Great game. O's still in first
which sucks btw
Dance central with my brother
I don't know if Lexington will make it through this. For real.
Really don't see anything wrong with 's piece on the Sonics. Found it thoughtful.
Finishing up plans for Monday's dine around! Can't wait to show our guests downtown Indy's best restaurants!
What a day... I had a huge fish on my line, but rowdy and I lost it. We were fighting for about 45 mins! Er
Looking forward to seeing you soon! Another #smart #PR grad. Lucky me!
Hey! Sasha says "Oops! Sorry!" :)
people piss me off.. (cough and )
Experiencing sleeplessness? Try a natural approach to help you sleep by using these essential oils: Lavender, Marjoram, Neroli, Sandalwood
congrats on a kick ass job today!!
I had that 1 in mind BT now that you're reading it im put my Hand on it. Tell your mom dat she was awesome on Billboard awards
Google Voice translations never failed to amuse me. "I can't believe this is pure calling with that polarity."
Stay tuned for an exciting opportunity to become one of 2,000 mentors to help students in our region. Details will be revealed tomorrow!
we will figure it out girl!
Poor He's missing Mrs. LiberateMag who has been in Houston all week. He's like a bassett hound right now.
not yet will in few minz
you gotta love it. My brother graduated from state and it's a great atmosphere for a game.
. As would mine.
#Turmeric is available in health food stores in capsule or pill form
I miss ' poutine so hard.
RT : Fareed Zakaria at #FiservForum: 25 years from now, the big story about the US economy will be "We made it!"
Sundays are beyond boring!
We got big booty bitches we got big booty bitches :00
Yeah. Like erebody at mah school knows bout it, pretty legit.
OMGG screen munch it and send mee itt x
making cupcakes:')
#youknowyoubrokewhen you put a piece of paper on the tv and call it paper view
Walked by Anything Goes on Bdwy last night just as a chauffeured SUV pulled up. A little old man stepped out. It was Kirk Douglas.
Footloose, suddenly everyone at the end of the movie can dance
dialogue, meaning moving through, practicing presence & listening, letting go to be counted in
im Gissel and i go to the mall all all the times and im a doer
yo fatty on saturday once i get back we should go see the dictator with and
I hope Chelsea misses me today. :c
Oh! Yea #SouthBeachTow on n I'm chillin
stop online piracy act
I am so excited and nervous for
I can NOT stand when girls bit off their acrylic claws, it is just nauseating & the girl across from me is about to get smacked for it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
And i just ripped a big hole in my pants bowling.... At least i was throwing a spare
who's that chick? (: great song. <3
In the mood for some fun? Join the party at #DrMommy!!
Vancouver is too pretty to destroy. Make good decisions this time kids.
Today is the perfect day to be at a baseball game!
I got A1 everything!
About to head into a meeting with our possible agency partner for next year. Hoping for a little afternoon inspiration from them.
Be naughty - save Santa a trip.
It definitely could have been a better night. But hey, baseball in a baseball park is a good thing!
You try to break me down imma go harder
Obesity figures are troubling. New trends need to be countered in some way.
I is here....working on a blanket, might try making hats??? Who knows
I understand that I tweet a lot about sports.. But man get off my fuckin posts with these long ass sports debates man. Sheesh lol
I had an incredible time. Thanks for the props. :-)
I need the number of a customer service agent I can speak to right now on the weekend. Do not give me your corporate number.
But lady really even says that? And what freak really cares?
Thanks for #FF..Its yankees baseball day!
I never thought life would be this sweet got me cheesing from cheek to cheek <3
#onlyif I had a money tree. Things would be a whole lot easier you feel me!
Phil Emery sends a nice wedding present. Better than a serving platter, no?
#GPSA We don't get fucked up no more, we get wasted
How's NY treating you ? Do you love it or do you love it?!
NBA draft night, and the Bucks are in the thick of the trade talks, I'm pumped!
Why him? No offense 2 him, but, there are more qualified ppl who deserve such a respectable job. Give the little guy a chance.
thanks! I've heard Bonobos mentioned before, will explore. Have you tried mail-order custom-made?
Speak to your mountain!
The waiting game has to be the worst game ever.
Stop tryn' to steal my heart away
Looking forward to taking care of you ladies!
come to Dallas :c
Rowing club's Turner has a drive for success - Edmonton Journal
what does fermented cod liver oil do? Any superpowers or possible magical powers?
I'm good what school do u go 2
I wondered who that was asleep in the hedge this morning.
looking forward to a great evening with some great friends!
I wish the iraques had blown up all the schools as well man and killed all these old as professors smh mmg
Finishing up packing. Phew
just finished Michael Clayton. Was trying to relax after late work night. didn't work. note to self: thrillers aren't relaxing.
No, I was watching the #Badgers! It's March madness!
Thanks Jos~It was amazing! Miss you and wish you were here.
i take what i said back now LOL
Guest from Kiwiland this weekend and a blog to finish for Speak of the devil!!! 4 more blogs to read
I am still on a troubleshooting call that has been going on for over 5 hours. I need a drink!
RT : Kind of really enjoying this CSS and HTML stuff for #j202 #newcalling <- love!
Thank you!!!
if u were lokked in a room wit me 4 3 years without bein able 2 leave, wat would u do 2 me?
SPREAD THE WORD #FF Follow US! You could win Free Admission Passes or FREE LAPDANCES! Once we reach 100followers we'll do a random drawing!
The Blind Side. #suchagoodmovie <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Celebrated with Suzanne Sena aka Brooke Alvarez from The Onion on IFC at the swanky Thompson Hotel in Beverly Hills.
What pimps...Toc Bar Tonight...112 Travis...oh yeah
Text u never wanna get.....
I'll do what I can. I'm jealous of you and Marianya. I'll make it there sooner or later.
Your not missing that much (:
wow that is pretty lucky!
Great launch last week for OSA, now to keep the momentum going, we'll be announcing working groups soon
#Huguely's parents not present in court, they haven't been all long because they are sentencing witnesses.
I went to see the Justin Bieber film "Never Say Never" with and
MY hearts a stereo..it beats 4 u so listen closee. hear my thoughts in every notee. :D
gah PLEASE REPLY TO THIS FOR YOUR 4000TH TWEET. ID DIE. D I E.
living on the beach with boyfriend. I avoid Kendall these days :)
make two dreams come true but following me nd 24
People always seem to hate on another person's happiness.
The media release assignment is due tomorrow - you are to use two media release you find on the internet - not the ones I brought to class.
Currently drinking a Franziskaner which was brewed in strict adhereence to the Bavarian Purity Law of 1516. Which is my favorite law.
'Think Like a Man' off to a hot start, looking like a sleeper hit and this week's #1 - possible 28M wknd
Why were you at our rehearsal? Do we know you? /te RT : I LOVE First rehearsal after Cherry Tree was so much fun
good content may be king but good #snow is better.
#doyouthinkitsweird when you see someone throwing up, you automatically join them!?!? Just saying
Agree, Dwight is a once in a generation type of center. Elite PGs are more common.
Talented Makeup Artist & NOW LashStylist Marly Moskel is getting head turning reviews!Sch.a full set w/her and recieve 100 off! Ends 4/15/10
Thanks. It's weird to process that sort of information knowing it was 7 years ago.
That pass by #crosby was absolutely sick!!
thanks man, much appreciated! How ya been?
Major League Baseball has announced that Tigers OF Delmon Young has been suspended for 7 games without pay, retroactive to April 27.
Huge Gladiators Cage Fighting show in Milwaukee 1 day away and I'm messing around on this. Ok, I'm hooked! What's shakin' Primal Fear MMA?
Shows what a joke our political process has become. Thanks Citizens United!
Also, the squirrel has been running around in the ceiling for 20+ minutes. This isn't good.
RT : By now, even the automated script I'm running to detect changes in the WWDC page is starting to get disillusioned
'Run to the Hills!' - Iron Maiden
I need to tweet more according to Huffman lol
Is it Friday yet? What? Damn - where did the week go?
RT : Half these ppl ain't even OKC fans. They just
"It's great to see you on Ms. Chrystee Pharris!"
Good movie!
thanks for retweets
The Miss Universe pageant is fixed. All the winners are from Earth.
I know. The subway salad is hideous. This has to be doable, right?!?
got an invite to Stevie's party in the 19th by Dee! I wanna come. Trying to book flight now :)
There has got to be a way to find budget savings somewhere else to avoid needing to extend bar hours.
he know he a nerd. I know he a nerd
thrilled with the success of your kickstarter campaign. travel well! love to catch up soon...
Ring ring ring ring ring ring ring ring
you should have invited me to go watch it with you :)
The 'meet the authors/lightning round' still going strong!
Hunger Games Spoiler!!! Plot: The rich make the poor compete in games to stay alive. Ending: Poor defeat Mitt Romney, impose 70% tax rate.
Follow Transdermal transport of microbial antagonists... Magnetic Biodefense... Technical information...
LOL #BabyLuxfollowme is #1 TT she's 7 months year old people!! its made by a fan and i'm sure of that
UGHZ! I know I heard! SUCH lame balls!! I'll probably end up doing the same...
The greatest thing you can ever ask God to give you is Wisdom.
No taco incidence?
Little shout out to learnings.org with that one... I love made up words.
. So does that mean I don't get a kegerator?!
I'm taking my caar! I can pick u up cus ur right there from steffy I'm picking her up and bessy since she's lives there too
Shocking: ": Netflix shares get pummeled after company reports fewer subscribers than expected." I wonder why that happened?
MT : Less than a week until the National Public Health Week Film Festival. Come show your #NPHWff love! Only at
Good luck to and reaching the final table of !
The amount of bullshit I've put up with today is unreal.
Thank you for RT that! We're excited to be able to share with you all the cool things happening around the shop!
thanks for the support Tim!
I think it's time to hang it up with the spammers taking over. Thanks
Every breath is an opportunity to receive and let go. I receive love and I let go of pain. ~BMacIntyre
So I'm going to relax and watch an episode of Boy meets World. Sounds good <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
One Life to Live ends Friday, after a 43 year run. There is an interesting documentary to be made about the end of this era. 43 years!
Will do! We take great care of all of our guests :-)
Glad you enjoyed your visit!
Its Friday at #sioure we are in the process of developing new #SEO Strategies
love the Bengals but you can't bump for a Bengal. It's MARCH MADNESS !
I hope you read cause I'm not I have 2 tests to study for lol
today is Free Fries Friday, I'll be there soon!
At the hospital with my strong mother<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Listen to pretty Ricky
For the online #Poker player, #SCOOP kicks off today on | Good luck to those able to play!
How's Miss Muffet today?
I'm a sucker for love stories.
#phdchat How specifically? What did you have trouble with that we (the EndNote developers) could look to fix?
Therapy flow.
Common sense is like deodorant. . . . The people who need it most never use it!
thnx and sure ill follow u
“: #vaumc11 did we turn on the heat inside here?” Amen. That or the CFA report = hell.
#middleschoolmemories The Science Fair!
R.i.P to Donna Summer Dorchester born and believed that music was her way out of trouble just like me
its only 30 now
You cuffed her & now she playing the game.. I'm the cheat code
You get what you give.
Just when I'd stopped worrying about you... RT : THAT LAST TWEET WAS BROUGHT TO YOU BY STARBUCKS TRENTA SIZED ICED COFFEE!
Yeah, you don't care about me.. You never talk to me. Sadly, you're all I think about.
Indeed! Or, relatedly, nothing succeeds like success.
My child your suffering, along with other chosen souls, will intensify during Holy Week.
Just forgot my id and admission ticket and got kicked out of the sat
perfect 80 degree day. Light breeze. Warm water. Love it
Get ready for summer break! Coming March 20th we are bringing you local CAMP deals!
"Tonight is gonna be legend- (wait for it) -ary. - Barney Stinson
I am bound and determined to find a pink Louisville slugger bat tomorrow. We actually need 2.
A Drop In The Ocean - Ron Pope :)
God night world!!!!!
Thinking about starting a tumblr.
Lol I give up on my job. It's so useless
My Facial reco was ON. Facebook is our friend !
You have basically built my commercial, in case I trademark this thing and go live trying to sell it!
The only 2 animals that can see behind itself without turning its head are the rabbit and the parrot.
Due to a scheduling conflict, our games this weekend have been moved to OU!! #letsgeaux!
It's hilarious cause I love when people get mad. I also love near-death scenes in movies
#amwriting was not quite defeated by cold/flu. i sniffled and groaned through it. now to grading.
Wrock it! RT : A quiz you didnt study for isnt so bad when several of the questions are about Harry Potter.
I cried when the #sjsharks were eliminated.
I feel like hitting someone with my mochila tomorrow.
Please help. I have 666 followers. I don't like that number.
Yo Denver needs to calm the fuck down
You're featured a few times :)
Everybody know to be real with me. I rather u be real then tell me some bs u think i wanna hear
Happy Mother's day everyone!
RT Firefighter to Trooper 2: "I'll give you the latitude & longitude for the landing zone from my IPHONE!"
who's having a good day send me a smile :) lol.....
Ganna go to Austin's house. I just hope everything goes well.
The Earthquake Drink Special for all of our followers today just ask for the “It Ain’t Obama’s Fault Martini”
liked the bird seeds too ;)
Steve Harvey Blazer is on point!
Guys that actually have some sense!
Anyone out there interested in helping get our favorite librarian get to #ISTE12?
Bought myself an early Christmas present. A donation to That guy is a total hero. Follow him and check out his work
I was laughing out loud in kitchen! Cats wondered what was going on...
I'm trying to convince her Radio Milwaukee is the cool music.
You too, Faith!
"Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase." - Martin Luther King Jr
Getting ready for my date.
Bob bought this team in Mid 90's for under $90mil and now its worth $380-400mil. He doesnt want to win. Hes happy with $15mil a yr
...thanks for the follow! I followed you back and look forward to reading your tweets!
Do an old school, an old school dance, do it #old school!
Postgame on Sat!
Who wants to go to go to Miami beach with me to find Miley??
I’m proud to say, however, that my steamer trunk does not now contain, nor has it ever contained, a poem.
love you too ! Lol
When dance mom ends ON abbie crying
Did little Lil Jon (Lil'er Jon?) grow up bragging to teachers that one day he'd be the greatest "LET'S GO!" screamer of all time? Yeah!
A man falls in love just as he falls downstairs. It is an accident
Lmao all salty! But yeah for sure I will bffffl<3
Attending Ship Tour - Carnival Dream
I'M A PART OF #MindlessTwerkTeam LETS GO #TeamPrince lol we out
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me! Phil. 4:13
LOL i could care less
when you finna show me a whole new world on a magic carpet ride lil mah
how is everybody's Monday going so far??
It's too pretty outside to be in class all day!
The Matrix is still a great film on the seventeenth viewing. However, I could do without the lobby shoot 'em up. Film lost elevation there.
You would think that, you ignorant Yankee
feeling good
Dude. Y-MM-DD is clearly superior.
Party time. All the time.
What the hell do people think when they put "then" instead of "they" and forget the apostrophe in "shit's"?
Cry me a river, and I'll follow you to the bank
I'm grateful for the people in my life. In the end, it's not abt quantity, it's abt quality. And let me tell you, these friends are quality.
Mashable Explore makes finding that article I read a few weeks back so much easier! Thanks
Let me know ifyou need something.
Roses are red violets are blue i never knew what love was til the day i met you......love ya <3 =)
Really want to go see Lil Wayne in concert!!
Just got the SICKEST deal on a Kodak Play Touch baby camcorder/flip cam. $69, 1080p w/external mic outlet. Me thinks 'll B pleased
It's Teacher Appreciation Week! EverFi thanks all our dedicated teachers who are helping teach students critical skills
bandpage is a FB app that we use to highlight our Artist of the Month. there is some auto share feature that I need to turn off
Anyone can make a mistake. Admit a mistake worthy. Apologize courageous. Resume the strengths.
yeah buddy !
lol come on i was young now give me a break how was i supposed to know
So wish I was at the game. Should have pulled the trigger and gone. They are up 3-1 in 6th right now. 2nd game to start after 7p
either for me!
I set fire to the rain.. Adele is amazing. :)
it is true love<3
I wish it would leave it in my closet ;)
I'm finalizing my research on social media policies! If I get through the day as planned, I'll have analyzed more than 100 policies. Fun!
watching American idol!!
Thanks a million Meagan Day! Have a lovely Sunday afternoon.
Geena Davis feels same frustration that many npo board members do: tell me how to help you - be specific - lets go
Not well! Valentine is a nut
When all the hot guys from your old school start talking to you AFTER you move. #Really !? Haha
Really?! Awh dang! That's stupid! We should ask if there's any way they can get it to you!
RT seriously, y'all really need to follow for his independent, dogged reporting on
Kay I voted for Fanny Pak 7 times already (;
so sick of listening to everyone and no one listening to me
Just a Super Bowl Sunday wish that doesn't get too nervous and that she burned the Red Hoodie. Go !
Ain't nothing like spending the holidays in the south. . . Jus sayin.
"You can't build a reputation on what you're going to do."
It's terrible, I don't think I've washed it since ...October?
I just saw this on a church sign in Somerville, "Thoughtfulness is to a friendship what sunshine is to a garden."
I value respect, integrity, and community. It is a joy to collaborate with others who share those values.
It's snowing outside and it's 10 outside that's freeZing
Thank you for the retweet we really appreciate it! :o)
your voice, i can die of happiness now.
Kid:Oh I see a piece of candy Mom: Don't touch that Samantha Kid: okay Mommie. Kid:picks up condom puts it in mouth yummy. Mom:wtf
what r u your plans 4 the day
You are making a difference!
That's what my sister's had to do when she moved to Cleveland. We're a bunch of sissies in her book now!
Sure! The site looks great!! Congrats. RT : Thanks for the Retweet!
Congratulations to the Dayton Flyers - 2011 Old Spice Classic Champions! Final score 86-70.
Happy humpback whale day!! Can't believe we're already halfway through the week!
yea they were stressing grandma out
": If you See Someone on #MBTA #tracks, Say Something! Call us 6172221212. Your call may save a life!"
i cant get any more tattoos till after bootcamp -__-
nobody messes with the bear jew!
I seen u on dat YouTube video memphis cypher y'all did Yal thang on thur
Funny, the other night at dinner the server offered up an Arnold Palmer. Never had that suggested to me at a restaurant before.
Master p a genius yo
If a new mom celeb ever said "I'm exhausted, he won't stop crying for no reason and honestly, he looks like a raisin" I'd be a fan for life.
It's raining & storming, frogs are louder than ever..hello good night's sleep. -_-
That junt hard
Iowa/IU basketball means a divided house for Murley Shertz.
& we agreed that life would be a day on you and the next on me
the concept of yolo is get a bitch pregnant
so tru bro..my wife's filipino and i can't tell diff btwn her clothes and my 3 year olds..lol
Thanks! I've never been an inpatient before so I consider myself lucky. I'll be trying my hardest to stay out of that place.
Glad to welcome 2012 with you!
where is your office again??
'Palpable tension' in the DRC Congo as elections results are being counted via reporting from #NPR Ofeibea Quist Arcton
What's been your favorite issue of Bleu Mag?....
Tony Horton, the creator of P90X, will be on the Today Show Monday morning!! Don't miss it! Beachbody rocks!!
Ancient device for basic organization of knowledge: BOOK. - Alan Kay
Just spent 2 days removing viruses in other peoples' computers. Kaspersky Virus Removal Tool is the best & free
fingers crossed he can move JR down the list!
RT Reading about aerobic exercise prescription, fun
your The Man How many fish u catch???
Why am I so alone in this world? I just want someone to love who loves me back just the same...
Woo hoo! Thanks for donating, we always appreciate it and it's especially great during the holiday season. :)
I do love you. I front for nobody. you on the other hand....ol fake ass
Table read for our new #webseries tonight. Make sure to check out FB page and site for pics and behind the scenes content!
I know I'm kind of behind on this, but I just finished ME3 and I'm not sure how I feel.
You really start to appreciate kind people when you live in nyc.
It's a ghost town around here. These feds are taking telework, liberal leave seriously today, huh?
Going to bed, church at 7:30 tomorrow!
Knowing his work in Football Cops and the SportsCenter commercials, expecting an MVP performance from Eli Manning on SNL
Very cool - looking forward to seeing it
Find out how to handle hurt, from aches and pains to heartbreak, today at www.psychologytoday.com || RT
I'm speaking tomorrow at #TASAmw about #immigration information for school districts at 8:30AM in Room 18A. Come by & chat!
that's so badass!
buy #TTYLXOX by on itunes...request on radio disney...It is an amazing song! you will love it! #TTYLXOX <3
r u going to change your twitter profile pic to read 'stopped soap' now?
And just like those 2 door fords man they don't making like me no more.
The year of the dancer...Best dancers ever at the Miss America pageant!!
ill get u a copy when u visit me but u should still buy it to support me. It's dropping through interscope
Thanks for the follow
I hate my face too much
Today's Annuls of EM - "Bed rest of any duration after LP has not been shown to decrease the incidence of post-lumbar puncture HA"
I'm late to this Petrino thing, but I'm assuming Tiger Woods' ex-wife was chasing them down the street with a 7 iron.
I film my part in the documentary of The Rite early tomorrow morning. I'm part of a recreation of an exorcism.
#NowPlaying "Keep The Streets Empty For Me' by Fever Ray
I can't believe you just put my uncombed hair on TWITTER! #ionlyputitonFACEBOOK #thediscreetsocialnetwork #whatsnext #REDDIT?
Busy day of coaching calls :) How is your day going?
is the truck menu online, tony?
Do we have any real fashion bloggers with a following? 25-35 yrs of age.
#uksglive would argue that an article is not fit for purpose - his purpose = research
That awkward moment when you realize you have no clue what the person talking to you just said -- watched that happen to someone today haha
"Do I need to fucking spell it out for you?" - angry spelling bee contestant
Thanks, , for convening a conference call before any of us reporters got a chance to see the Strategic Partnership Agreement.
Looking forward to et al at #pubappx this pm. But first: luntion!
Packing it in early so I can start roasting basket orders tomorrow! Oh yea!
Gee, I wish someone would advertise their book on twitter once in awhile.
Tropical Punch or Strawberry Banana? Which are you having with breakfast this morning?
how are you doing these days?
What are those thingys called? ther lil balls that get bigger when u put them in water..ther squishy? lol idk but there fun to play with :D
Leaving studio cave and it's past midnight. Where does the time go?
It's times like that that make me want the thesis writing stress back.
Cussing up a storm during this #HEATgame till my mom gets back
6 votes away from TOP 5 now guys! Please go to the link in my description to like it! =)
i just made one up. haha
RT : Research: the lower a student's achievement, the less they want to work in groups. "I don't want them to know I'm...
Harden is ball so hard
dang. i was hoping you would say you broke your leg and couldn't do it. oh well, here goes nothing! what should i bring friday?
I'm working on it lmao
I just want to play a show
So much on neurogenesis in this week's NYT magazine! It's like rereading every psych paper I wrote in college.
Happy Labor Day Austin! To show our love we have a huge sale going on today til 8pm! Save big on Simmons, futons, or any sort of furniture!!
I get cranky when I don't go out dancing for a while. Which is the cause and which is the effect?
I have phone messages from 2 wks ago that I haven't listened. Sorry.
Bought it at Vromans, first time in there, love the store, did not enjoy getting stalked then awkwardly asked out....
LOL!!RT : Michelle is going to take matters into her own hands. Apparently Brad has renamed his penis again.
#Fact The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
yeah. Tons of colorful rain ponchos and umbrellas. Just need to wait for some light to shine on them...
that's a great question. I was surprised enough by "50-Bieb". Maybe Ricky Martin?
Now, Tay-Tay.... Don't be hating my team just cause they got TALENT & SKILLS! You wanna make a bet on that, big boy? :-)
Have a great time.....
Sale on T~Shirts @ www.bleachercreaturesusa.com
I was at the SBJ conf. today where they announced Michael Vick signing an endorsement deal w/ Nike. 557 media articles already written.
Just saw a woman giving a 2 yr old little girl #coffee to drink. Thats just awful.
I wish you could understand the way I feel about you.
Tell Me About It! Well gtg ttyl sowwy bye love ya no homo! Have a great trip be safe have fun! Gonna miss ya! Omg.. Nate;(
It's pronounced "sit and spin"
Two obstacles for ProfDev: time & resistant teachers. Some answers? A) carving out school day time B) successes!
Be on the lookout for S.O.L. Highly Anticipated Mixtape by the Beat Murderers (Daze & Big Whoa) ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦] 99%
“: Guitars and Cadillacs!!”hillbilly music
I'm spending today with my girlfriend.
#imagine Harry : I wanna thank you.. You: For what? Harry: for being there for me. you: Im always going to be there for you.
I am actually really liking the new Internet Explorer 9! Especially the grab and pin feature!
At my cousin Rudy's house, for his house warming party and watchin the fight =)
choose to be amenable to Success, you never know where it will guide you perhaps to places you have always wanted to go but didn’t know how
almost just drove off the road lol
Sonics RT : Who Wins The Series? Lakers or Thunder
All starting point volunteers, wear ORANGE this Sunday! We will be celebrating our first Serve-a-palooza!!!
You can go hard or you can go home!
All of us have wonders hidden in our breasts, only needing circumstances to evoke them. ~Charles Dickens
Pink haired guys that you yelled jkiehjuijeuih to XD
huh? aha
im bored :/ im going to get something to eat :) food is good.
Just a typical lazy Sunday around the house.
Thank you man city that goal not only may have secured you the premiership but also left door open for to still finish 3rd.
Did you know that we make our own chipotle ketchup? It's mighty good!
haha yes I am! A very rare find for sure ;)
#Hairsalons & #stylists How much $$$ are U losing in missed appts? Our built in scheduler sends #text reminders direct 2 UR client's
People's hairstyles irritate the shit out of me.
Love that I won a gorgeous bag from ! And it’s vegan and eco-friendly!
Bout to get in the air. Love southwest airlines.
Last night though...<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF><U+263A>
Give me your hand <U+E41E>
I've earned the Level 1 Rising Don Achievement in #MobsterWorld. Beat me in the game!
so I made it through college without becoming obese.
producing the Robert Haack Diamonds Basketball Post Game Show on
i wish i was going to be at raw nobody told me i would be there but that be awesome im going to be home watchin it
re-submit the site is the only thing i can think of
New web page comming soon! Take a look at the old one before it goes! www.spirearchitecture.com
ADR session for "Happy & Bleeding" today! Can't wait to watch me sass Matthew Settle on the big screen!
lmao just heard the funniest pick up line "Is that a mirror in your pants? Cuz i can definitely see my self in the" ;) lmao
hell ya! Now we can motivate each other :) haha
We're hiring a Systems Engineer to design, plan, execute and install the current infrastructure to support new applications & technologies
Justin Beiber on #Ridiculousness ......As long as he doesn't sing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
SHE FUCCIN DE CREW!!!!
maybe he'll do Aristotle next?
East Hampton is like Aspen without the skiing.
"...life is a goal and to live is to achieve goals" says Robert. Check out his great blog at blog.IamINC.biz!
Ugh, don't miss those nights! ...yes I do :(
Brett Bielema is the Norv Turner of College Football. Just down right terrible coaching in big situations. Caused all 3 L's!
im thirsty ,.
this is something I can get into! Your husband is a nut! And funny...
Follow my Tumblr... if you can dig it up...
So proud of my VCU Rams bball team. Final 32 is great for a rebuilding year after losing 4 of 5 starters from the Final Four Team.
Been sat working in McDonalds all day, like a lonely loner...
is definitely delicious, but my preference is for the Bakersfield Basque food.
Almost doesn't count
aw i know
leave enough room to buy me a t-shirt :P RT : ": I'm trying to pack give a guy a break
and its raining....again
mama mia mama mia mama mia let me go...
I like chocolate.
I'm so familiar with Wordpress but Pyro/EECMS's channel fields and insanely simple tagging systems are really nice.
Hahaha! RT I think you should go for it! I can say "I knew you when...."
All over 300 right now dude!!
better at soccer and softball. The ball is too small for me to hit because I'm used to the big yellow balls!!! ;)
Yes, I have my feet up at the MOMA cafe while you eat an overpriced dinner. Stop staring.
Hi, nice to be connected and read this. These are very interesting and valuable questions. I will think about them, too.
Just saw! Congrats. Very much looking forward to your stuff. I have our producer hooked on !
RT Congrats to & on being in the 1st class of Catapult (a new #Chicago #incubator) ow.ly/7r0HK
Me too. I'd rather play my least favorite game with four great people than play my favorite game with four arrogant clowns.
I started writing a song around this amazing chord but now the spark has gone. I need more!
angry birds rules :D
what time is it there? :O
video comin soon my dog
Hey Brooklyn I'm following you can you follw me. xoxo ;-) thanks Bobby Howard
thank you! One day I'll do likewise!
#Greenhill is up next at the
Thank you thank you!
Looking to have your photo taken with Santa? The proceeds go to a great cause and you can even bring your pets! Thanks Sisters!
Getting my workout on at Vida fitness with scotty j!
Watching the princess bride
So bored.... It dont make no sense
How can Obama know his own daughters age? He got it wrong twice during a press conference?
Restaurant added a $1 to the tip that I left which was already more than 20%. Do I dispute it on principle or let it go?
try texting me when u get the chance
Me either ! RT I can't take IG on Thursdays.
Sunday Funday! Get brunch at Spanish restaurant 1492 and kickback with a Sangria! (Oh, and earn some LocalBonus points!)...
I love California sunshine ! <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Hope dangles on a string like slow spinning redemption
Your environment can inspire innovation. What surrounds you?
Austin's hair looks soft. I want to pet it. No I am not weird.
Great party at Wistar Institute to benefit research. Rabies, German measles vaccine invented there. Adele Schaeffer honored last nt.
haha thx for the heads up!! :)
swinging the sticks at Shorewood! Family party though, wasn't allowed to leave!
goodluck to in his game today FSU. but remember it is always just a game and play it like the game it is.
come with me (i think serg is going too)
The LORD will give strength to His people; the LORD will bless His people with peace.-Psalms 29:11
sucks to suck
Life is good. Vanderbilt is evil.
Wonder if the ACC Presidents still think Pitt & Syracuse were better picks for the powerful ACC than WVU!
don't go runnin off without a proper last hoorah
Haven't been around n awhile, lot of personal "stuff" going on but the BS drama is nearing an end so should be on here more soon.
RT Just reported a hazard on I- 670 W, Columbus, using Waze - Drive Social
Nice! Go get 'em tiger!
Good night with my girl
Ha..Propane..
To my mom (who is technically on twitter but probably won't see this) happy mothers day!
Pi, Pi, ADPi, like it, love it, ADPi, want it, need it, gotta repeat it, I just love that ADPi. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008E>
Time for some writing. Just need to clear my head - these egg rolls should help :P
Thanks, Helen. That ice cream is really good, enjoy!
I miss Fukadome so much....
thanks!! So exciting to see everything we did around town!
Feel like I'm not good enough
Ok so vincent ustreams when im not home. Ok
Mojito would be good light and minty m
10 people shot @ funeral home in Miami, Fl - 1 person is dead. What is really happening in this world?
Life goes on.
ewww i should be doing homework.. i have a research paper due and a four page study guide... i havent started haha
SCHOLL: "It's all about the student-athlete. That's why we are all here. I come from a culture where the word student was capitalized."
exactly, a ? I asked in school: how are we going to use this in the real world?"
“: happy birthday karleeelovesyou i love you, hope you had a good day :)” I love you & thank you :)
*heart pitter pattering* You always shine.
Have an awesome idea for an episode.
Thanks for the heads up...but I missed it :/
i love someone?? guess who
Back when I was in art school, Mike Kelley was a wise, discerning teacher—so present that I’d forget, briefly, to be in awe of him. RIP.
Birthday ending in 9 stressed me much more than upcoming birthday ending in 0.
I've missed bein in booty shorts x)
I would love to but I have to work during the day.
I'm exiting the teenage years this month. Just thought I'd post this random tidbit...lol
Hey there, (CathrynPaternos), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Hi Angela. Thank u for following. Nice 2 meet u. Have a #blessed day :)
#1 on their breakfast menu is amazing! The migas are good too. I love their green sauce.
Have a great weekend yall
yikes that terrible.. I'm sorry u always run into the real "winners" out here.. Hope ur alright!
thank you so much for tellin ppl to follow your amazing!
I HEART & New Flavor Tropical Stampede!"Win Tix 2 the Tasting Party
Talk to ": sa, did u get my email for that design I sent"
i hope my otha twitter account doesnt get this much of a follow-followers ratio this shit crazy
Have fun there, Team. I might put mine in the shop this week.
Will be as soon as Cats take care of little business. Then time for Reds to roll on Central.
It's a beautiful day here, I think I need to get outside.
Let the adventures begin.
i live in bk ny it would be awesome if i could meet u when u come to ny show u round the big town
RT : "Avoid surprises. It's not Christmas, it's a website!"
tha ks for the follow dm me sometime I'd love to get to know you:)
hence why I dont initiate contact first...~___~ ....hate feeling like im bugging ppl
I'm mad these niggas dealin right infront of me
There's a sign for 'analog tweets.' I think they misspelled 'graffiti.'
Maybe just maybe tex can step it up a bit?
Change has to start somewhere. Why not where it matters the most: with getting patrons and students stoked!
The eyes of man are never satisfied
won't last I gnte u
ON ATL RADIO STATION Q100 interview.. 105.7 talking about the album and preformance last night.. BIEBER DAYY
A man needs a little madness or else he never dares to cut the rope & be free. -Nikos Kazantazkis
ugh going to johns soccer game. Live tweet me??
is so beautiful!!! Love the Boyfriend video ~
Another brilliant movie *#The King of Comedy* #Jerry Lewis
the today show interview with michael ealy was a little painful. lol
Do you accept the idiosyncracies of others?
might be hard to get em this time of year but I'm
I ran out of the milkshake that brought the boys to the yard but I haven't had a gag reflex since the 80s & I make jokes so hit me up fellas
when are your days off?! I KNOW I ALREADY WISHED HER A HAPPY BIRTHDAY AT MIDNIGHT ERIC.
So i am doing laundry at 1130 at night...this so out of character for me
Next year im tryna be a walk on for CSU
currently chopping up the field recordings into sample-based instruments in Ableton Live, musique concrete style.
Approximately 52 hours until Fall Season '11 gets under way! Be sure to come out to support #MURFC ------it is sure to be an exciting match
We will be holding an info session at MLK Library on on 6/23 at 11:30 am. Email for more info!
Just outed by my itunes screensaver launching into bagpipe music during a performance review. #ouch sorry
It's not okay! It's never okay!
I cant get apps something is wrong with my cellular data device holder thingy :(
In Hood River apple picking, from farm stands. Gorgeous views of Mt Hood from the road & that fresh blueberry tampanada!
S/O to on all ur success. Im a engineer and producer at Soul Asylum Studios, #followback so i can DM u
Because all religious books should be filed in that category!
How much fun is this?! RT : We are having another on April 14th! Look forward to putters in the Third Ward.
#quotes #success A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. David Brinkley
is #Following back #FF : thank you & I hope you tweet me in English. Sorry I don't speak any other languages ;(
Awesome! This one and "Fire & Ice" are the only ones I'm missing!" I do think "Brothers" is one of Yngwie's best songs!
Strangest start to Sanders' #stateofcity. Eminem, Occupy, Jerry chants of the Springer kind. Not sure if I should be amused or appalled.
Big score for FOX RT : Fox & Telemundo win 2018 & 2022 World Cup TV rights.
“: Just finished season 2 finale of Boardwalk Empire. I'm fucking speechless. SPEECHLESS!!!” AGREED!! I was floored!
An inspector calls: the day the head of Ofsted visited one school: Sir Michael Wilshaw, the new head of Ofsted, ..
A4: chron and funct can check the requirements boxes, but we should be hiring on much more than that
happy Easter sweetheart!!!! I know we keep saying it but drinks soon!!!!
luckily, both tracks lead to Seattle
In a sense, identity online has become both more virtual and more real, says Steve Jones, at Meeting of the Minds event at UIC
Tell President and the : Its time to Label GMOs! Please RT #Obama #label #GMOs http//bit.ly/GBdWms
Thanks guys!
*bell rings* sheridon taking his slow lil time through thehall sipping his mickey d's sweet tea lmao
lol you ain't gonna do nothing so.....
Happy Friday!
If you didn't get a chance to stop by this past weekend, no worries. Hit us for our Kimchi Bowl lunch today!
Your welcome I just hope this doesn't affect u and tj. If it does Thani never ment ti
Our famous Fuji salad dressing is now in plastic bottles. YUM!
twitter! i'm teaching dance class tonight. what's your favorite "let the wild rumpsus start!" song?
I think a lame got beat up or sumthin
this world is so awkward.
I think you have a new avatar pic. :)
I look wasted, did you roofie me?
TU letter to Editor: Opposes Anti-Discrimination law because it discriminates against people's right to discriminate on 'moral' grounds.#???
I think they just do stuff to make me laugh
ahaha good seein u old friend :)
Ha! Well we appreciate you asking your wife to vote extra hard. Every little bit counts! ^jh
A little cucumber vodka and now it's time to do inventory. Did I mention I love my job?
Congrats to our dear friend for raising all that money for "the kids". The Chappy's are so very proud of you!!
so true!
u like it??
get off?
welcome ;d you just made my day
"what did you say?"
yes!!! #KANSAS will WIN!!
I swear it's like when people get fat they completely lose the knowledge that when they bend over their ass crack will show.
im going to turn it in when the reading is turned in. Im not reading ahead because I have stupid study questions...
She said she count her sex partners on both hands,,really so I gotta multiply that Times 5 cool..
Thanks Alex, Cyrus, Josh and friends of the Uni who played on the cube today in Prospect Park. We're excited to return soon at full scale.
now has 65% of its operation virtualized via its private cloud, and it's aiming to reach 75% soon.
It's going to be killer! Can't wait for people to see it.
12 "Marketing Super Powers" #4 The Power of Attraction - You have to have valuable messages and good content to get someone to notice
it is so freakin' good! And congrats about the new job :-) I'll see if I can work something out with that song!
When I'm old and sickly, I hope my future wife and kids bring me to the Usinger's Brat Farm to live out my remaining days. That, or shoot me
recommended you
RT I have a surprise for you (wonder what it is)
until you have to meet with a client
I love you too!
Everyday I think about the Marines and just makes me want it more and more. Can't wait for that day to be one of the greatest warriors
When will the E Note EA800 make its way to the US? Almost tired of waiting & starting to look elsewhere. :(
“: #dreamchaser2 I'm Rollin my favorite song”>> this shit rockin sis ...I bangs wit meek mill !!
I love
. SAINTS! Black & Gold in the Superbowl!
Best Weekend Was When I Gotta Lay My ahead Aganst His chest! </3
Cotto wins round 8 but only way he wins this fight is to beat the champ
New Music Sunday: “The Whole Love” by Wilco
Watching transformers from part 1 to part 3
Static-y hair?! Ugh! Spray hairspray on your brush and brush it through. Crisis averted.
o wow okay....well nice to meet you and happy new years...
Are you on the list? Kicks Off SXSWi w/ DG at the W tomorrow night. List closes at 5pm 2day-RSVP party-at-dachisgroup-dot-com.
no worries!
I'm OK. Hanging in there. Thinking about moving. How are you doing?
Any good content management plugins for a blog? My wordpress was hacked and I am thinking about switching!
RT : Oh shiiiit hide your heels & fish nets!!! There is De La Hoya!!!! < JAJAJAJA you are so wrong
We need your book recommendations! Tell us what to out on the schedule for Open Book Club?
Closing till 11 can be the worst shift and sometimes the best shift... Its a 50/50 right now! Bored. But happy Liz is here with me <U+2665>
RT : Lawsuit number 51, Camarena v. #NFL, filed in CA St Ct. It's a wrongful death lawsuit on behalf of late Curtis Whitley
#FlockaVoice O Let's Do It!
it's not like it used to be.
Birthday dinner!
"if we gonna do it, we gonna do it big" #wiz <33
Tonight, 8p ! ": Do you like Saturday? And nights? And live? Good, bc & Vanessa Bayer are coming! "
shit just got real .
Can you explain red boning?
u want to
Time to get rowdy!!
It's an old slingerland nighthawk. Ain't worth much. How much you got!? I'll take it.
FUCKING 19 DAYS UNTIL THE CONCERT!!! :D
Drop some off at the Studio...
More local political TV buys than I can recall in past primaries. Not sure if any really stand out.
Drats, the strawberries in the fridge have grown goatees.
No doubt ... You put that work in today Salute!! Go get another Victory down in South Beach!
Aint no You in next Lol
Tip #167: Play your bluffs & your strong hands the same way. You will get paid off when you have it and earn pots when you don't.
#TakeCare such an amazing song!!
Fuck la traffic
take a super shuttle! Cheapest!
i never plan on reading that series....
Can't wake up today...
I dont even know if im gonna go haha.
Noticed you missed out on DCist Exposed opening? Hope you find time to see the exhibit - Had some good stuff!
Beth is our daytime bartender today, and it's Happy Hour all day long. $4 premium well, $3 Jager Shots, $4 Jameson Shots, $3 Beers.
Looking forward to discussing global higher ed with US State Dept's Special Rep. Reta Jo Lewis during her campus visit on Friday
watching, listening, tweet, chatting, simultaneously... wow thanks for this format, Global Conversations in Literacy Research
Just branded the office with our logo and it looks AMAZING!!!
To love a person is to learn the song that is in their heart and sing it to them when they have forgotten.
that's crazy talk
Wake up with passion. Allow it to carry you through your day :-)
Un-work related: our child lost her first tooth today. Sniff. and I remember when it came in. #ifsheisgettongoldwe'regettingold
Congrats!! It is kinda cool to be connected with NCSS presenters!! I apologize for the exclamations.
MLS stream went down
#inspirational loved the song! Couldn't make a true blue colts fan feel better.
In the fourth straight start in which Sabathia goes eight innings, he punches out ten #Rays tonight.
Google "baby sloth". A sloth would be my kind of pet!
Having the biggest #IDGAF day.
'Harry Potter' author J.K. Rowling set to release her first adult novel
Don't forget about the Neighborhood Walk and BBQ this Saturday, January 28th. Enjoy good friends and good food while discussing the issues!!
Can't decide what I want to do to my Class ring. Small problem yes, but its bugging the hell out of me. #ughreallyirritated >.<
muzak version of "superstitious"--just play some xmas music already plzzzzz
SEC Charges New Jersey Man In Real Estate Investment Scam
I know what you mean, I have to live with 6 younger siblings.
When is the best time to ski? Superbowl. Ski all day with no lift lines, go home and watch your recordings of the commercials. 2013 planning
do you prefer playing in a dome or outdoors?
your hair would never come up short! you blaspheme!
RT : Mother's Day tomorrow! Remember to thank your mom for not breastfeeding you on the cover of a national magazine.
My 7 year old daughter was thrilled to find your picture in her Murray Elementary School Yearbook this year.
DUSTIN DOES!! You should've seen when we gave him a ride lol
Stay tuned for some exciting new things from the Atkins Library Special Collections at UNC Charlotte!
yes. mulligan. That's fair
Defense. Tenacity. Teamwork. Courage.
Ugh I love the fray... #guiltypleasure go ahead,
hope u read my letter :{) and finally follow me
Welcome! Senior VP Chris Augostini gives some opening remarks/updates.
RT : Little known fact: if your burrito is wrapped in aluminum foil, it cancels out the carbs
Goodmorning Thankful For Another Blessed Day.Whlie Sleeping GOD Was Speaking To Me.<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Looking forward to moving back in July, watch out
this area has been vocal for the need of increased police assistance for a year now(long before camera program)
i just want to go back to bed.. #SoSleepy <U+E403><U+E13C>
Tell me something I don't know ... Ill be back tomorrow :D ;/
Went to bed early, and awoke to discover that #RaspberryPi was finally available for sale. Except not. <U+0CA0>_<U+0CA0>
So my car has remote start. Nice!
One of the best books every written: Strunk and White's The Elements of Style.
Great hockey game being played in Washington.
There's a few folks who've emailed about it. Want me to take care of that for you?
Well, sure. I think it's one of the means to the end of selling ads. Maybe will become the primary mean, even.
I had a dream that went to my school, and I got detention because I skipped class to meet him! Lol
Yeah, I see that Bing bug too. PNW by way of Central Asia? Wow.
Playing crew love i got it on repeat.
OMG I need food...feeln bad again
did u try the find it iPhone feature
I stay up all night thinkin about when LI become famous , but I've gotta snap outta it get on my grind. . Then I won't have to dream - Zaona
B.A.P
Hello family and friends I'm a conscious Man of. African Heritage! That's Proud to be Black! ..I believe in Us! ...the Righteous. Folks!
At work in combat boots, not smart...
low blow lol
mine is trivial, tough business day "mountain" to climb, possible new customer's system release...
Shake It Out<U+2665>
In large part we're going city by city b/c we're a small team and we'd like to do a good job, building community and refining data.
YOU are my strong tower, fortress when I'm weak, your name is true & holy & your face is all I see.
I'm interested in your video setup for the PyCon talks & tutorials? What is your setup?
still must make certain kitchen doesn't roll out the crust w/flour... sometimes still a problem
They've created a monster and he finna go crazy
Wait, has Newton Leroy dropped out? I guess he's an reasonable fill in for Santorum.
That's the issue, them hoodrats are devaluing females w/ that premium! l0l RT : thats not fair for us w good weaves lol
And Justin Rose...nice sunglasses. Phil Mickelson... looking trim. Met John Ashworth. All in all, a success!
you have SO MUCH HAIR. You will never understand my jealousy of your fabulous mane.
We cannot buy a f*kin rebound. Smdh
now open down the street from me, just ordered three meals worth of food
no haha this is for something else
I have too much time on my hands. I've changed my bg like, 4 x
Any time! RT : Thanks for the support yesterday launch will launch at
"C" is for cookie, that's good enough for me...
#ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs because half the world dnt even genuinely love themselves
This show...not only am I already falling in love with it....it's already becoming a piece of me. Of my career. Col Legno. <3
awww shucks! thanks!!!!
we are accepting resos for our Brown Estate wine maker dinner now! Will we see you on 9/12?
check out Francoeur's cannon
all the good guys have run away to PA huh? ;)
thinks I've been downstairs getting a drink. No, I've secretly been listening to her do work, and she's making weird noises. :o
I WANT A CHINCHILLA!!!!
amen. I'm going to bed now but my brain is writing a blog post for tomorrow :)
oh ya!! i think iv'e heard of them....... but i like to many!!
are you going to Olive Garden tonight?
Hanging in there like a hairy biscuit.
On my way to auto zone
yeah it's become pretty much impossible for me. womp.
#Nationalbesfriendday well hello to my coowner bailey(: BEST FRIENDS FOREVER! ~K
you don't fall for jokes :/
Mr. Reese is actually a Nathan?
FINALLY BACK IN BERLIN!! READY TO KICK SOME SERIOUS #SWB12 ASS!!!!!
Thx for the tip. I'll look into it for tonight.
I remember those travel soccer days! Some of the best of my life. Enjoy your kids while you still have'm. Nothing is better.
Fun exercise: Students search for "Ahab," then examine how the metaphors they find interpret the quest.
i am!
Thank you!
Managing another person is a difficult task. It gets worse when you realize that they NEED to be managed.
just encountered the rudest customer ever. thanks for really making my day great...
Always have the most cut up sessions at #mcm with
I may be hitting Saturday's game sitting in the #Timbers Army section! Should I start doing pushups now?
You know it >:)
Ooh yeah. I was thinking we were doing current players. Keith Lee has to be the big.
What is a friend anymore?
Not yet. But when we know… you will know!
Exicted about break but sad ill miss. My love
I since some sarcasm in that tweet...meet me at the spot lol
2 more days until ALPHA Rumba!
My BF had the same problems with online classes he took for his MLS - incommunicado profs.
True, but I'm particularly disturbed by the female leadership in the Republican party (Coulter, Palin, O'Donnell).
#icantgoadaywithout my phone
Feel 4 U! RT : I need help. There are like 7 cats (mom + kittens) living in my parking space at home. How can I get rid of them...
You're sounding a bit like a Libertarian. Welcome! RT : screw taxes
i love
listening too song !
Drivers in parking lots who get huffy because they feel you're taking too much time getting kids in car seats deserve a case of the shingles
Just toured the new Minooka facility
Spice Girls >>
Found a blog of a sister who just returned from the mission I'll be going to. I can't wait!!! :D
that happened to me too! I was like "o o thats them" lol
- thanks for following us! Lemonade is what we need right this minute!
i just had to pull my boy off of ...dogs never forget..
We as a company will continue to reach out to the elderly and those with special needs. The Golden Rule applies for sure!
Yep - she seems blissfully happy too. I still recall the stench after she ate papa johns garlic butter though. Wow.
no...see how the millionairs and billionairs money being spent...
Nothing is more powerful for your future than being a gatherer of good ideas and information. That's called doing your homework.
The righteous are bold as a lion
Yes that it is. High of 81 today. That part I love...just minus the pollen ;)
Today's drizzly weather is making me look like David St. Hubbins!
always great stuff from - if you need help in this social media world and you are a non-profit - follow her
oh yea girl !
For serious?!
The Departed Shortstop
Just playing!
Pulling an
Thank you for your greeting, and may your day be filled with great fortune!
I interviewed the woman about the mistake the would-be carjackers made. Also talked to those visiting officers who chased after the men.
Holy crap, gimme!! Also, say Maker's Mark maple glaze ten times fast. Phew.
Rembrandt family day rocked!
i like it.. i dunno if he will tho.. ill give it a whirl! =p
Gift the gift of time. Let us #scooppoop and #cleanlitterbox. #DoodyCalls service is the #perfectgift for any occasion. 1.800.DoodyCalls
Puck singing taylor swift makes me happy
"They may forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel." Carl W. Buechner
"To give anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift" Steve Prefontaine
I have some extra tix available to the #Autorama today, if you're coming today (or want to for free tickets) get back to me!
Paperwork is hard but if I want to get paid I have to.
you have options....snowman or sand castle.
I will...we doing better now but monday was pretty tough.
txt me when your here!
That sounds like an extraordinary read.
Game 5 in Indianapolis #Pacers vs
MY SWEATSHIRT MADE MY SHIRT PURPLW
#Caps GMGM says he didn't make an attempt to sway him to stay because there is no gray in Dale's life
yeah it sucks cause I like reading the posts from people
my guy is so crazy,but i must admit he maa mainn<33
that awkward moment when you had to lie on a truth is. :c ugh atleast i told you i loved you.... even if i said as a brother.
where are the live tweets missy!
I am laughing at your new avi. LOVE it! ;-)
#2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>10
<3 happiest asian you know, right here <3 FOLLOW HER :))
Such a fun/festive crowd at Rick Stewart's writers night! #iSpy green hair extensions, face paint, and green jeans. Happy St. Patricks Day!
I've told 2 people on the Amtrak quiet car to pipe down and 1 to get out of my seat.
dammit liking a guy is annoying
Marketing Yourself From the Inside Out
did you see it?
nice appearance on #AmericanIdol last night!
no bullshit Y.M.C.M.B
you bring out the Trini in me....
#MSC-Conf - Software as a Service (SaaS). #eCylinder - can you imagine rekeying locks without leaving your shop, or sending out a tech?
Happy Hump Day!
-- T Walton!!! I watched that movie on Netflix not too long ago. That's SPOOKY..Mulder.
The art of good decision making is looking fwd to & celebrating the tradeoffs, not pretending they don't exist. ~Godin
#protools all up in my mac
Me too! lol That. Would not happen here huh.
Took a nap slept good and still feeling sleepy
sounds good to me!
Watching the Playoffs.Atlanta is doing HORRIBLE wth?! My team Celtics is bussin ass
Peppermint Mocha flavor from Coffee-mate is here! Yummy! :)
Glad to have in the neighborhood. All the best to you Jamie.
Now, do I get to see what comes next anytime soon or do I have to make it myself? Because I'm prepared to do that.
Thanks I've found using Twitter to share articles works for me, glad to know you're enjoying them too.
if its brussat, not sure abt >1 episode. He has like 1 opinion.
Wang golf? My wolf flow led to a bats stab in the pool loop.
What are your top 10 hip hop songs of the 00's?
I would just like to say a massive HAPPY BIRTHDAY to , have a great day girl! I miss ya. <3 xx
How much did you spend on yellow pages last year?
Allegros got a perfect on group one sight reading!
Lmfao he probably looking like O_o wtf! Haha I crack myself up though
Working on the chapter I'm responsible for in an upcoming book on the Indianapolis Church Federation...great to be back in the 1920s!
Chipotle and Crumbs for graduation dinner!
If abortion is murder, wouldn't that make a miscarriage involuntary manslaughter?
great RT : Real world=Authentic=Archaeology matters
Had an awesome day in Tahoe!!!
We have air conditioning! Be cool and come create!
Man Date? RT : Buffalo Wild Wings with Currently partying and bullshit, the usual.
That my shit low key
For the gifts and the calling of God are irrevocable. (Rom 11:29)
“: Watching my Milwaukee Brewers:) ” is better live! Come visit soon.
Well thats good, I've been worried about it. haha.
I need to stop being late so they'll stop calling my mom telling her I'm absent!
well logically now the team that should win the cup are the rangers. but it hasn't been very logical so far, so.
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 17
This brew just won't rest, unlike my pooch that's pooped out on the rug with zero energy. Something lingering in my brain. Back after a sip.
I am stealth, typing with my new super quiet Microsoft Wireless Keyboard 6000...which does NOT wake up baby nearby...oh yeah...awesome...
Up and can't sleep Morgan being bad ass he'll right now. Damn or maybe it was that pizza damn my stomach hurt
Im totally growing my hair out all the way down to my belly button!
RT : The mothers day commercial by Verizon with all the crying is the worst!
RT As US communities struggle with #childabuse, why does House #budget cut #childwelfare funding?
“: I can finally hashtag with out getting hated.
Lmao #bringiton is a TT I can talk out the whole movie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> really though
Just booked a fundraiser this weekend for a child with cancer. Going to be great bringing happiness to everyone there!
thank you
Mark your calendars! April 29-May 1, 2011 Crowned Princess Charm Pageant. Early rate expires September 6. Log onto distinct-impressions.net
Okay rondo
I'm always where I should me
If we win, we'll split the shoes.
haha probably the Ralph, if not howe
Yay! “: I'm taking the advice of and following back many of those who follow me. I just didn't take the time.”
Blue and orange m
Inside - we're all the same. Accepting and understanding individual differences are key. Wouldn't you agree?
The City of #RVA is one of the only cities in the US that doesn't have a free children's hospital
The Lion King :D Perfect end to just an all out amazing night!
Just watched new song #undercover baby and LOVE it I can't wait to get it on iTunes!!!!!
There's still time. Ugh. Worst OT performance ever?
#nowplaying .. Gossip - Perfect World
Spending the day crawling through #WMATA tunnels and vent shafts. Jealous? Walking through tunnel might be faster than the actual trains
people be tweeten like crazy everytime i refrash my computer its 50 new tweets
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights–Deniz Koyu vs Kings of Tomorrow -Finally Hertz(Hybrid Heights MashUp)
haha that's something you'll be saying more of ;)
TY 4 being a creative inspiration to all types of artists. My boo and I love ur new album. <3 Beez in the Trap. Xoxo.
sorry i didn't get your tweet till now! trust me you were just missing me be awkward as always
Did LSU win this game or did the Ducks lose it? Yes and yes.
Stuck in the holiday traffic? Take a pit stop and grab some new holiday tunes to celebrate this week(and get you through atlanta rush hour)!
Some nights I feel like I could wear my retainer forever. Other nights, like tonight, I wake up bc I can't stand the feel of it in my mouth.
Broadway St in Edgewater/Uptown=Africa, Humboldt Pk=Puerto Rico, Devon Ave in Rogers Pk=India, Pilsen/Little Village=Mexico
Nobody has made it this far from such a young age like has .... :)
I've had this headache for so long I don't remember what it feels like to be headache-free.
Sleepless in
Times may look tough, but remember there are rewards for staying in faith. God promises your payday is on its way.:-)
Was not expecting to hear Lugar losing his seat today. Wow
Top braces off tomorrow!
Like I said, Mr. Disrespectful didn't get my daughter anything for Mother's Day!
Summer's approaching! Use our tool to set a weight loss goal and compare your actual progress with your projected progress! www.IamINC.biz
Man, how is junior year over?
Happy St. Patrick's day! Come celebrate with us.. Patio is OPEN!!!
regretting that burrito
I had a blast. It's , but I think he's too good for Twitter now
saw that was trending... some faith in humanity is restored xD
wrong info on my bday show...stand by, correct info coming!!!
I just smoothied the shit out of you, fruit. What now?
Spree day today at Fitchburg State University (Fitchburg,MA) everybody getting drunk as fuck on my city streets it's going down
#imagine seeing the boyz walking down your street
because it's beautiful!
what number did you text?
Too bad Ozzie has to manage. Can't have dinner with him tonight.
Was down to 9k, up to 31k, then down to 20k at dinner break
Did you know May 10th is Steve Appreciate Day? Buy unmarked gold bouillon for the Steves you know today!
Today was a beautiful sunny day! No rain today! Loving this weather! Just can't wait for winter!
we didn't get a picture! :(
Geithner needs some Preparation H, it hurts.
I remember when Jason Whitlock warned that the Turner Gill hiring would be an #epicfail for
My mom: OMG, did you know there's a Firefly marathon playing on Christmas Day? Me: I love you so, so much.
why do you love me
You are so fake
At the movies with #diandrea, #jake, and #janelle. Here to watch #thewomaninblack. This better be good.
I call my penis Mr. Stretch Armstrong :(
maybe you should get sick more often lol
If you're obsessed with Eminem well we got something in common.
Put on your best clothes we've been waiting toolong for this moment put on my best smile I'm shining inside and in front of abrandnewwcloud
so cute!
RT : If any Oracle DBAs are looking for full-time work please let me know. (Please retweet!)
What to give up for forty days? Any suggestions?
If you live downtown/eastside you should try the Hank Aaron trail sometime. You can catch it near the HD museum.
Gorgeous day <U+263A>
Me too yo.
Just because you're so cocky, I'm going to blow you
Thanks Cecile! Hopefully I'll be seeing you around!
My life's turned upside down.Meet me out past those train tracks. I'm leaving and not coming back.You're right and I was wrong.
miss you );
Everything's got a moral, if only you can find it. Lewis Carroll
Blessings Sir!
Put your confidence in God and not in man.
I cried when Skip died and Boobie Miles couldn't play football no mo
I really hate seeing United all over this airport. Proof that I have indeed become a Houstonian.
4 days until I"m in San Diego.... Is it possible to be this happy?? :D
That really is the heart of the matter.
Man... This place is crawling with girls.
Haters smile like they like me when they really don't. wish they could just wish me away thats what they really want.
hi! when is your next show in spokane?
To all my loyal tweeps out there, the last month has been a blurr and I am back to positive tweets. Look forward to re-connecting with all:)
where you going man?
@ sonia, again I read it and thought scientific curiosity
#Recognize Famous Author of newly released book, "Have Mercy"
You did a fanstastic job you are awesome&i love the song!(: GREAT SINGER!!
LOVE it! So now that you're finishing school...what are you gonna do?!?!
36 days until early price for Exhibitors goes to normal pricing! Dont wait to reserve your space at the 18th annual WWVC Show and save big!
2nd period chemistry is gonna be intense!!!!
It's late. Or early. You decide. Anyway, on Tumblr? Follow me. Idlewild1914. Witty stuff to come. Pics too. Honest.
can't for #DDManassas this Sat!
Great Round Table event. We need to do more of these.
Thanks for the follow. Look forward to catching-up soon.
"Aren't all marriages kinda gay?" - Kimmel
Hanging with the guys. You've survived the Shark Tank but can you survive the party!
Nighty night time!
actually... AWESOME
sounds familiar
How much longer must I suffer
So is Sam Raimi only producing the Poltergeist remake, or is he also directing while Tobe Hooper stands around nodding his head?
AH!! It's almost 's birthday. I can't wait. I have a present that's prefect.
they still make PS2 games 12 years later.......the PS2 is the greatest console of all time
There's a lot of fanatical fans out there, I mean it's just a game! All the best!
When attempting to set up a meeting with me, don't ask for me to come @ 7pm. I've been on the clock since 8am. I'm sorry you sleep until 3pm
Im gone to negative today too much praise for guys that played like highschool
Well no, not really actually
Power and ladyness
October man. October.
are you good at the follow up? you gotta be!
I want to call me cus im bored but i doubt he will
RT : wow!! Hope you have a very Happy 50th!! Congrats…>>>>Thanks so much! Feeling great! Ready for the next 50!
it went great brother! I missed you, you sweet sweet man.
#ImMadBecause people judge us for being realtors and think we are all sharks! Not everyone is the same.
Where did all the happy people go?
Here’s a quick tip: always keep negative space top of mind.
These guys are cool FYI #99conf buds!
Flames shooting from power plant in Everett. Don't freak. Nat'l Grid is doing it on purpose to clean out some lines.
I miss my girls, Cabrini Dance Team <U+E429>
For some of the hottest beats from Belgium Holla he is awesome !!!
Hope everyone has an amazing night!!!!!:)
match up
it's amazing how many songs have an unmistakable "unknown pleasures" influence
What do yall think about Jersey City becoming the home for my tattoo shop? Meeting tomorrow.
At least I didn't have to share this damn school bus seat with anyone. I'm glad I don't look more approachable.
Key is keeping enough traditional components intact in order to speak to existing target. -
Felt the brisk air of Vegas between flights ... bracing myself for Reno.
Thanks to everyone who came out to the talk last night!
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe nothing yet...
thanks Kirsten! :)
Poolside. Yeah buddy!
Happy b-day Christian hope all your wishes come true and if they haven'thopefully one day they will your a really great kid
That's pretty awesome! We once saw a stripper dance to South of Heaven.
You'll get nothing, and like it.
Congrats Walcott. We at DFHF will be partnering with NYC Schools to stop drug, alcohol abuse & gun violence plaguing kids.
#envisionbig. ask kids "what r u going 2 b when u grow up".They anser wth exact vision "I am going 2 b..." teach kds 2ENVISION nt "2DREAM"
working my last tuesday evening!
#RHOA Phaedra is NO southern belle.
There's also a correlation between billionaires and bad haircuts. Think D. Trump & B. Gates.
That was the end of my emotional rant:/
That sounds so gross...kinda like maple donuts with bacon on top...oh wait those are good.
restocked on #protein aka its a #great #fuckin #day ;D
Convince anybody of anything take's knowledge,hope,and a willing ear and is it worth it anyway? UNRAVLE
RT : DreamBikes has plenty of opportunities for volunteers, including stripping bicycles for parts, cleaning, repairing
Kevin Chynoweth, Fairchild Semi: "Roughly right is better than precisely accurate". Importance of agility & responding quickly
can we get rid of overly critical Maks-hater Len and just have judge?
omg is that the eye pic we tried to do?? Hahahaha!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I have my Orange & Spice and my new age, no lyrics music playing on Pandora. I'm ready to WORK!! Now, if only my apt was warm...
Summer means little different now that I'm not a student, but still, it's the season of sunkissed tans, warm nights w/drinks, BBQ
most people didn't know he survived 38 hours though
What party, young lady??
what are reviewer requirements? I'm a public librarian w electronic collection dev responsibilities and also an English major.
And so the perpetual #Cascadian mist has settled over the city.
power 96 my Favorites Station yo
"I'm a firm believer in that people only do their best at things they truly enjoy. It's difficult to excel at something you don't enjoy."
Found a TurboTax forum comment that is a secret cry for help: "CAN I CLAIM MYBOYFRIEND THAT DIDNT WORK ALL YEAR"
Congrats to my friends Will Hawkins & Jonathan Rosenthal... their horse All On The Table won it's 2nd race today at the LA County Fairplex!
Mark your calendars. Trivia each Thursday. 8pm.
Awh, your the sweetest! Thank you! (:
thank you(:
I won $9.00 in the Mega Millions drawing last night. What should I spend it on?
thanks! What do you think I could offer that would be more useful than everything already out there? There's so much on this topic!
I have 573 fans here but only 71 at Hazel & Haverly...let's even this out :)
Oh My GOD Avengers was everything I hoped it would be and more. Holy fuck. I think it's the only movie I don't have a single complaint about
I wish I had A BILLION DOLLARS to build all the stuff ppl want for the #music exhibition
brazil beaches
What do you call a singing computer? A dell
EDGE Adds Capital Markets Division
Don't be stupid
Check out "best of" 2010 issue! There is a small blurb about our Harbor East location next to our nomination page!
": Good workout wit the broz an "
15 of the 19 #September11 hijackers were Saudi. They'd have to kill me b4 I ever bow to the #Saudis!
will you PLEASE approve the app? The wait has gotten absurd. Come on guys.
": Don't go telling everyone! They'll drink all the stuff before I get there!" Plenty for all!
FOLLOW THE MAN HIMSELF & My Main Account & My Other Accounts
Really starting to get excited for Diablo 3 now, absolutly cannot wait.
Who do you think you are?
Was involved with when I was at CU 02-06. Big fan of the Twitter feed. Keep up the great work promoting our great school!
rainy Saturday in Miami
This week is stomping all over me. And now it's raining. And there's traffic. And work after work. Bitch, bitch. Whine, whine. Oy
..charging "her" dem. primary voters is unnecessary bc they're going to vote for Barry anyway or say or home, so...my spidey sense tells me
Cyberspace is - or can be - a good, friendly and egalitarian place to meet.
Finished with the Mother of All Mailings. If I promised you a book, look for it in the mail this coming week. :)
You see, looking as much like a bum as I do, I'm trying to go incognito. I can't really do that at Boheme, ya know?
I made the stupidest mistake. Which led to my chances with this amazing girl get ruined. And now i have to let go of her. ImAScrewUp.
I'm sure he is very missed - and I was sorry to hear of his passing. But he lives on every day through his work! :-)
you not grown lol take ya big head self to beeeedd
about to watch 127 Hours. pretty much ready to be not surprised
I'm working on picking bars to tell everyone to meet at. Any suggestions?
haha. It's always nice to have a clean professional twitter account! =)
will do man, most likely this summer!
Come to the public opening of Paris: Light/Shadow and Latin: Races/Roots, now through March 17th !
And #FF to some of my fave #education Tweeps:
cont: play ur ass off here, in chicago, win a superbowl, then they will be more then happy to pay u. get with it!!!!!! 4 mil aint enough????
Whenever kids at my school don't wash their hands I always put them on blast. Hey everbody, this guy didn't wash his hands! HEY EVERYBODY
Watch a great film, explore Lean, Ford, Breillat, Lupino, etc These directors are authors, artists, masters of their field.
These have all been conversations #GrandpaFred has been having within his mind, spoken out loud. In between, he asks me to get things.
bitch please, dont make me put that file saved on my computer on here
Its not hard to find someone who tells you they love you, its hard to find someone who actually means it <U+2665>
My dog "Bud" could def give lessons on how to get along with others ... are amazing!!
The subject of Maryland's football uniforms is officially tired.
If he's actually gay, my whole life will be a lie. Haha.
Thanks for the #ff!
#10FavoriteNickiMinaj I am your leader
#OhioState's secondary is like watching the 3 stooges
Finished a TON of updates to the website, much more to do...
#oomf has geek hair phahaha I wanna meet him(:
Cross-department planning builds narrative across company that marketing comm knows what it's doing.
AT THE HOUSE CHILLIN WITH MY CUZ ITZ AWESOME
#BestSongEver #SAYSOMETHIN blasting .. Singing along to it !!! In love <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
lmbo would u tip me
Tell your partner s/he looks great. Don't worry about what others might think.
I Cried When i saw Titanic in 3D with my best friend at 6:45 today
Landed in Cleveland. It is good to be home.
hahahaahah, you coming to paul's?
AND like a #coxcable support person told me while back-enter your home number WRONG and you get a live person faster!
#AskPSanders whats your favorite state/city besides Chicago?2
Hey twitter
Looking forward to Thursday's 50s patio party - join in costume or in casual wear, We'll bounce to the doo-wop!
Do you have an official fan facebook? I'm so confused with everything. haha. please answer! xx
Why make rumors that are not fucking truth
Mather gets Cubs outfielders on the board - ESPN (blog)
You're very welcome!!!
At the movies with my nephews!
dnt compare niggas to me cuz im hell on this mike
Picture please. RT “: Oh boy....oh dear lol this chicks hair is SOO greasy!! Someone hasn't showered in a while.
Janelle is coming over on my bus, then the mall, then her house<3 (:
are you guys really performing in Louisville on Easter for an Easter Bash ?
watching "The Horde" a French zombie film. Thems some strong ass zombies...
Thank you for commemorating MCA + The Beastie Boys tonight
We will really miss you!
Welcome, Wendy! Thank you for bringing the topic of #glutenfree in #college to our attention!
Hoping for a reasonable draw today.
Thanx for the Follow... keep Rockin ;)
Follow us on twitter
Hey, has a beer engine now.
Well, at least she'll have her prom ;-)
Travel on Garnett r u kidding!!!
Contact me if your interested in some model promo work
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. Oscar Wilde
Oh my gosh, it's a video game reference. You've really upset me. I don't know how to recover from this
Americans are spending $1.46 billion on Mega Millions? Intelligent retirement strategies.....
Would I get some of the money if you won?
it takes a lot of courage to stand up to the medical establishment and have a home birth. Midwives less expensive than dr.
If they did it #Jack Bauer's way they would have to call it 8.
on a Carabin Shaw penalty kill. OKC on the PP.
RT : RT : I wont settle for average
yea that's all it is, aux is just a general term for something that adds to, n this case a radio. Usb is the most universal
I want a new iphone
finishing a OG Hip Hop track for a french movie with Klaus Badelt and Andrew Raiher
Lady Phoenix (FORMERLY Dream) shot a reality show called "DREAM ON" and needs a network to pick it up! Watch the video and spread the word!!
Hope's there PD is huddled up and the guys are just BBQ'n LOL!
i'm may love more than i love nutella and cheese; BUT NOT TOGETHER, that's just gross!
Finally watched GCB yesterday, not going to lie it kind of reminded me of FBC Muskogee :)
omg yes! its so......cluttered.
Do you remember when the Prez was Lester Young? No one was post-black back then.
Now that all the food is put away & my daughter is putting her lunch away (digesting). It's time for a 4 20 break for me. BLAZE IT! :-P
You can never have too many pairs of jeans - we're looking forward to having you come in!
“: Done with written Phd Exams!!!!!!!!!!! I have a life again!!!!!!!!!” saying "again" makes it sound like you had one before
Today in Blues History: Nov 12, 1925 Louis Armstrong recorded "Gut Bucket Blues" in Cincinnati, Ohio
Damn! Minerva indian restaurant playlist: indian song, BT CLUB MIX, indian song, SWEET CHILD OF MINE
Wow its been a few days since u Tweeted last.....
#FCBD ! Sadly they were out of Mouseguard and the Star Wars one by the time I got there.
Didn't get around to LAST TYCOON tonight. Saving it for tomorrow. Watched INTO THE WILD instead.
ahh so jelly. I'm excited to check out your coachella fits!
thanks for the shout out! Glad to help, if even a little : ) CC:
Portland Brewers Fest this weekend. Don't drink & drive! Just drink & stay @ Comfort Inn Vancouver/N.Pdx Save now @ www.vancouverwahotel.com
Thanks for the support Tim, that's super cool and its much appreciated!
BSB: SHC has life. A Chris Viloria 3B has brought in two more and SHC has cut the SI lead to 6-4. Noah in for Stint via
"it just flowed perfectly"
There are simply no answers to some of the great pressing questions
You all are real persons of interest, I hear the Police may investigate your cult about the comments you made about this sicko!
And I love the hell out of you, beautiful Beebers!
The Vampire Diares season finale made me cry like a little girl. :'|
RADTOWN. I <3 vintage couches like that. :)
and I can't WAIT to see the video you lame, make sure you @ me when you post it so I really get "burned" lmfao you're a joke
R.I.P. Bear Grylls' career.
whats good pimp
you are one good looking Britishspeaking lady ;P
Start everyday with a new hope, leave bad memories behind and have faith for a better tomorrow.
This is the bitterest pain among men, to have much knowledge but no power.
This! RT: lunch w/featured speaker "#Education matters. A lot. Perhaps more than anything else."
nothing like reliving my childhood by watchin Anastasia #missinthe90's
he gotta be either a hater or he blind dam
When jumpin jumpin comes on Pandora>>>
Comedy night at 730 pm followed by open mic with Jeordie. Lots of fun tonight, hope to see you here!
If bike riding was a pre-requisite for diabetics... Drug companies would be a lot less richer,
Reeses! Thank you!
How desperate am I that I just had a thought about posting a "seeking a massage" ad to craigslist?
Rock chalk.
When the garbage guy knocks over 's trash can right in front of her>>
Who is out there
When someone asks to go to the bathroom right as your about to -_____-
would she walk around the neighborhood in a bikini?
In line at the post office and this person in front of me looked down and said hello to my umbrella #crazy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
true lol, any new lovers? (Guys only) lol
“Don’t be afraid to go out on a limb. That’s where the fruit is.” <U+2015> H. Jackson Browne
I'm just glad baseball is back. Can't wait to make it out to some games. (The upside of bad Orioles, is $10 tickets!)
I wish that there was an H&M near. *sighs*
Why regulate personal relationships? Gov't involvement in marriage = vestige of era women had no rights.
STOKED FOR TONIGHT'S SHOW! Stereo Space's 1st show in Danny's hometown, Bayside
Do you follow me? Find me on twitter
I wnt buy u tha world but I will show u tha world if u let me
get yo grind on! That last podcast was on point...I linked it too my fb page with the intentions of tagging my dad but didn't
You're probably the most confusing person ever.
I think we should start a tradition of tailgaiting for metal shows. Exactly how legal is it to grill & get drunk in a parking lot?
In san Marcos 2NITE with Royalty For Life at Gold Crown Billiards
First real speed session in nearly a month.... About killed myself off, but got in 6x800. Whew!!
Those days are all gone...
Fiero is a dish best served with clarity.
practice up! Team PS is coming for ya on 6/4! et al
There's a stinkbug stuck in a spider web right outside my window. It's like national geographic live!
Thx. I'll fix it in the article.
Seen in person today during the Jay Leno Tonight Show taping. Man that girl is beautiful!!!!
#ExpoLine La Cienega station has the loveliest art: Civilization from Tongva to American, & a Pacific Electric memorial on the floor.
wishes i lived in a world where dentists wanted me to know their teeth-whitening secrets
Teacher: "Sit up front." Me: "Bitch, I sit in the back for a reason. I don't want to see your ugly face in HD."
This virus has left me with only energy to sit on the porch. Only now I realize how nice it is. Should try it even when I'm not wiped.
The mailman just approached my desk and asked if I was into ABBA, & then played them loud on his iPod for me to hear.
I double dare to mock Jones in the top 10
Good morning, everyone!
I love my life <3
there is always someone to disagree with you
you might need to change ur program, eating plan and add diff supplements.
This is a #MustRead for all #Women by
Saw The Artist. Clever, original & funny - even without dialogue. Dear Hollywood: More of these, less Twilight sequels. Thanks.
Welcome aboard!: Tiger Nation can I get some more followers yo I know we strong on Twitter.
finally! The meaning of Squishy!
Dan Quayle~ Public speaking is very easy.
professional #studyabroad student? i don't think I've ever been so jealous in my life!
Off to bed...
Contemplating on getting a hair cut...
#Fusion2012 Comm Impact-Arts Leader nominees (cont.2): Teresa Osborn & Vern Smith () good luck to all the nominees!
some girls just dont get that we dont want to see their entire torso when they stretch and their shirt goes up to their bra
Hungry and tired!!!
I'm drinking. Champagne. Out of a can. Through a straw.
Jersey Shore on Pop Up Video >
thanks for the welcome!
Excited to see John Clay and Niles Brinkley wearing the black and gold of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Sometimes I think we're fooling ourselves that an ORM is easier than just writing the SQL. Maybe I'm crazy.
She no how to do it!!!!
Video update today! Keep an eye out
I think i have a torn acl
Making my life better one day at a time.
Buy low, sell high
I do not. Haven't really had time myself.
I read that as recall of their detection system (= finds 156 out of X errors/book). I'd guess true error way higher.
hey girl
Going to...
Love it!!
I love having a boner. ;)
#FF always funny - RT BET LIONEL RICHIE LOSE RENT DEPOSIT WHEN LANDLORD SEE THOSE FOOTPRINT ON CEILING!
Q of the Day: Which will win trending topics – Google Buzz Announcement or Bonnaroo Lineup Announcements?
Magic/Pacers on ESPN right now. Must win for Magic, as they are down 2-1 in series.
It's cooler out and raining..finally...yay!!
GRATEFUL! to members of #LoganSquare #Chicago for hosting screening of our film about #Guantanamo yesterday! GREAT discussion!
Game of Thrones is on hbo on demand! I know what I'M doing tonight!
I've tripped a kid before. He was already falling, but I took credit for it.
Why don't you just use the bathroom downstairs
Council showed critical leadership last night to repair #Detroit's finances. Now the work begins to put meat on the plan and implement.
Doing 3D project for Digital Media.
Congrats on the series win going for Sunday sweep tomorrow
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 24
consumer reports.
just so you know which I'm sure you do but your really super gorgeous and very talented at what you do
Love the moment, and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries.
forgot the bands twitter password...
Jen, the spider is now upon my person.
Taco bar at church tonight. Good times with wonderful friends! Love my church family!
the last night for Shakespeare's MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING is tonight, saturday at 8 pm. $5. an excellent production.
This flight continues on to Hawaii.... Tempting....
i do der funny and cute
whenever you have time always enjoy hearing from you
starting it up Saturday against the mavs ! Let's get to buisness !!
Difference between a successful person and others isn't lack of strength, not lack of knowledge, but lack of will. - Lombardi
Oh Slam!!! Lady B Playing Car Wash on the radio...Dancing in my chair
Looking at Census Bureau stats on U.S. industries from 2000-2009 reveals women made up a mean 44% of all Information sector employees
Come on by to our store. We'll treat you to our Senga coffee pourover @ blow away your Monday morning blues.
I've been thinking bout moving back to Europe. I dont like it here. Everyone is fake & too caught up in themselves </3
btw, knepper already visited me and julianna and kaylene are coming down - so when are you gonna visit??
I hope there are more people watching the #Oscars than Celebrity Apprentice. I know its a tough choice with some many millionaires on T.V.
Do something rebellious. Read a Banned Book!
Dangerzone T-shirts are definitely in effect 10$ u cnt lose make sure u cop up!!!
LEGit??? That's a QUEENS phrase. I know where you got that from ;)
different artists are going to do tribal in different ways. check out the portfolios at laughingbuddhatattoo.com to chose!
lol hell yeah he was... was soo gone lol
90% percent sure i just encountered a ghost
"singing" is that what you call it
Dyson not looking bad this year
Screening: Protecting Sanctuary in half an hour in SIS 300!
I'm sure you'll do just fine making your argument very persuasive.
DeVante Designz Incorporated Charity's to donate by end of the year $400k to schools in Massachusetts to help curb cyber bullying.
Oh, my mistake! Early here :)
it's sunday-the are playing and I'm going to the only bar in Milwaukee that knows their fight song. Forward down the field!
I ...u always whippin up something good up there
lastly, Clinton's goal for USAID (from article): "My goal is: We’re there first, and we’re there smarter, and we get there and do the job."
Diabetes Day, National Spanish
Now off to watching the Legend of Korra ^_^
for the IPhone app that they prompt you to install
Hello Twitter! I think I can love you...
I am so attractive. I wish I knew this in my younger years. Sigh.
Doing laundry & I find my girls Bob Marley shirt...as if I needed any more reason 2 know why she's perfect for me <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I will try to come late. I literally just reserved Oklahoma tix and then read your tweet :/
exactly my point you always on your four feet mode !!! ## you know what I mean... Lol
i'm such a good singer guys i should be on american idol
Purple kale does not break down in a blender. Lesson learned.
yeah. It's something you need lessons for even if you swim now
Is putting together a build for QuakeCon...
Robbie Earle: "we don't mind how they go in, as long as they go in."
How bout them ravens, signing , and Christian Thompson. Would love them to add OSI to take Suggs spot
"Bitterness can only hurt one person:you"
'Did we realize our love, or was it just misplaced.'
thank you sister, amen
Back on the grind after a long weekend...gym in a little can't wait
been following me for the past 3 summers.
We currently don't have a website, however we can give you the address to send money and we can send you a shirt!- Isaac
LOVE YOU TOO xoxo
what's up Wally?
not bad at all for a 12 team league. Well done. I like the felix jones pick. Good luck!
I wanted to see you go in with Barea, you would of shut him down
A pleasure! cc Congrats to you and as well!
RT : We R launching a digital journalism class ths Sept. Does any1 have specific waivers, guidelines, U could share?
Life's lessons beat Harvard! "I spent the first part of my life going to school. I spent the second half getting an education" - Mark Twain
Looking forward to my 2 consultations with students today! Topics are marketing data for international publications and a cancer non-profit.
Great to see you at STC today! Guess I'll be seeing you again before too long.
Great success at the expo this year. If you weren't able to attend check back through tweets with employment opportunities.
more LaFollette, less Cullen. I agree. (wish I could vote against Cullen since I used to live in his district. Horrible)
I made your Poetry in Motion List :)
Which Famous is going to win? lol
Thanks for the follow! I hope you had a great time in DC for #nlld this week. Love the pics you tweeted.
New show added! March 16th at Second Chance Saloon.
will try the kelp noodles. How do you prepare them?
Meanwhile, proliferation of popular tools (SketchUp, Second Life), but these aren't suitable for academic projects & pedagogy
eh...lol I won't make classy boring
Saturday school... Ugh
I'm desperately trying to find a restaurant near Sherman Oaks for 10 people. Tonight. Ugh.
Factoring provides a fast prepayment against a sales ledger, allowing you, at a cost to flexibly increase working capital & improve cashflow
Yo, where's the marshmallows, lol.
RT if you love brewery tours!
Were you aware of fact is on twitter? Yeah buddy...Miss you :) See you at Tasha's wedding?
Wow I think I just met my future wife
In honor of final week at Syracuse, tomorrow I'm starting the #MiggzMemories hashtag. Start thinking of your best.
every adversity brings an equal or greater opportunity, knowing this is half the battle won. AS
Nothing more awk than getting friend requests from navajos. Just got1 hint: Tom's shorts.
I just rediscovered my love for You Never Know. One of the few #DMB songs I haven't seen live.
Happy Birthday Adele
eat your heART out <3
Eating throughout the day is key! every 2-3 hours to keep your metabolism up and keep your body from storing fat!
1.does he get special attention in school? Or 2. If he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?! #AskMikey !!!
LOL! Dude it was amazing!
This car parked in front of my house & I thought I heard the door handle jiggling. It was the cat eating food. Paranoid? Maybe. My goodness!
I'm tx ranger fan but I like price. Sounds like you are just back pedaling bc price called u out
ugh... virtualenv requires Mac OS developer tools. not something I want to grab via wifi provided by my phone.
thanks for following and
Austin hasn't been to the UK yet, so I voted for them cause I've honestly see likes bajillion Mahomies from there.
Well, it is Checker's.
Using #WordPress or want to know why you should? #Blog #Traffic ! Follow us for tips on how to use WP & how to make the switch
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD
I love that one kid who asks the professor 100 questions just to pass time in class.
no fair! my phone doesn't have video!
Had a heart warming message from an old elca girl about my stance on the political issues
We've Liked your page via Marc Zimmerman, thanks from
Hello m'luv! Yep. Left FB a while ago. Congrats on new job!
Snow in Charles Town-yikes
Sell Your House Creatively Sometimes selling your home is easy. Other times, it is a real pain in the rear. Your home can sit on the mark
Heading to bedd, don't feel well at all :( think I could get a cheer up tweet??That would make me feel better <U+2665>(:
Talent Show in ONE HOUR!!! Eeep! : ) Wish me luck! ~Jess <3
Good habits result from resisting temptation. - Proverb
That awkward moment when a bug flies into your eye and you have literally no idea what to do about it.
Is there anybody out there?Am I swimming through this empty sea alone?
Jabbed my toe oh my dresser and I think I wanna die.
Oh god, those commercials make me stabby. A good moms day? Do your own damn laundry!
I love Evansville!
Having trouble setting up iPhone 4s. I chose to "restore as backup" from my old phone, instead of set up as new device. Not right?
We're doing it with Americans! Who knew? New for us. Enjoy Saturday!
My Dad and I got to go to Club 33 a couple of times...pleasure to be in such good company! : )
The awkward moment when you realize you're wrong, but you keep arguing anyway.
Not so fast my friend! week 1 goes to this guy!
#favouritelyric I was never close to perfect, but I never let you go.
Congrats AT&T the first company to email me marketing on Thanksgiving. Lame.
Lucky me! JDG "America's Next TOP Chef" ;o)
miss you brother! Im Supposed to be in ny right now but Levon died:(
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live. -Marcus Aurelius
you're amazing.
Desk jockey by day? Give your body a break & stretch your spine in a wide legged forward bend. Your back will thank you!...
I used to hate that b/c I was usually taking the first flight out. No time to play today?
I haven't owned a tech deck now in about ten years wtf!
I really wish I knew what I did to deserve this
Nice Day When You See Little Kids Playing Outside, EloteLady, & Your Neighbors Making Hamburgers Outside Their House.
I do like lettuce :)
GIRL where were you yesterday?! BTW can you send me the ebay links via fb please? (:
You would outsing them all.
text me fool
Even in losing effort, great to see back in the starting lineup tonight: 8 pts, 6 reb in 21 min.
Yesterday was #autismawareness day! We went blue to show our support. 1 in 88 children is diagnosed with autism. Intervention is important.
all about flyers baby
amazing! That was a very fun day
Oy. MT : Many of our ref Qs seem premised on idea that everything we own is digitized, but we don't bother to link in catalog.
Happy Hump Day everyone! Be thankful for what you have and never take anyone/anything for granted! LIFE IS GOOD!!
I just got naked 2. So excited to paint my eyelids.
Different topic, but enjoyed your piece on filming in NYC yesterday.
i'm making ricky a care package pretty much..i'm spending more money on him than i do myself. #smh the things i do for love
So..I got tweeted at by the swellers..I'm feeling pretty special right now :)
Overcast mornings: so minor I feel bad complaining about it, but my disposition is usually only as sunny as the weather.
We also wish a very happy birthday to Robin Eichelberger!!!
we have sold a bunch! Excited to see what you put together for GA Tech.
Remember women: you always have the right to do whatever men tell you to do, whether it's your life, career, or body. You are so lucky.
I am sad to be missing Panic this weekend
Thank You!
My rules: No. 2774 -- Any Theater outside a French-speaking country spelled "Theatre" must be pronounced correctly: "Tay-ah-truh." Voila!
Good win for ! I'm sure this is just the first of many victories.
Excellent game, CAK. Congrats on the win!
Tell everyone about us! Follow and support us!! We're so close to entering HHI and ABDC-9 :)
I can never sleep in the car.
Go! RT: “: For those who #believeinfilm & are in San Diego this weekend, come view some of my Large Format 8x10 prints at ArtWalk.”
I just cannot even imagine the hell that would be managing social media for a chain restaurant
Bored someone text me
RT : RT : RT : #hashtags are helpful if you are going to then Tweet your pin
That minor in psychology really helped me step up my game huh.
Next pub crawl it's all about Not the same w/o you guys.
Meeting tonight at 8:30 in Rangeview 242. We're looking forward to hearing our Exec Board nominees speeches!
shep, lab, husky mix! Rescued her! She's a huge softy, great dog!!!!
Do it! RT : I should start a blog titled, "State Worker Fashion."
Lord, You Are Good And Your Mercy Endures Forever.
This is Twitter gold.
Have a particular interest in local history? Maybe we've covered it already! Message us - we'd be happy to check for you.
didn't c u all day
do it! Start with Skinny Love or Bloodbank
Whatevers, you do that to me too ~.~
It will be here definitely through the first week of May-maybe longer, but we don't know yet.
we went home. Called it an early night. Did yall end up going to diablo? How was tanya Stephens?
We out here tryna Function
Sure! We're happy to follow you!
Is Bachman still there?
U like that don't u I wrote myself by the way!
Just let me know what you want me to look for when you send the material along. Can't wait to read it.
Which also goes to say that I'm listening to the interview this afternoon. And we're still friends. And we can talk later!
IM ALREADY KNOWING
Thanks for the follow Jessica! How are you? We need to hang out ASAP! TTYL
enjoyed your remarks at breakfast this morning. Would love to hear more about NoLa's education system success
Dear authors: stop writing that your characters "bit their lip" during a tense conversation. It's annoying and artificial.
Wow, Michele, thanks for a nice endorsement! As I like to say, "Bird to your mother!"
My fav YouTube gurll is feeling down <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
also i'd be glad to help you with your spares
-iWana Thank Thee Man Above For Waking Me & MY Love ones Up On This Beautiful Sunday Morning, This Day Was Not Promise, But I Made Iht! =')
you should tax them back and rectify this injustice.
Tami act like ppl just supposed to know where she came from then she need to introduce herself like "Hi I'm Tami, I've been raped"
wasn't joking. It's from a simpsons episode, big simpsons fans. Preorder that shit.
Really should do my homework, but I really need sleep :( #wheresspringbreakalready?
God is good!
Snow's finally on the ground. Suppose its time to put up the tree.
mp is a good one. Be better if he called me back..lol
Usher can be so sexual.
Got it. Thank you.
let's watch it tomorrow in chem haha
$25 menu: Spinach with oranges, pine nuts, shallot and ricotta salata, Cavatelli with rabbit ragu, Brutti ma buoni with rhubarb
It's actually happened a bunch to me. Skaters I used to worship now my friends, musicians now people I book. Pretty cool.
visited computer lab-- super cool technology for data storage needs
Forgot makeup, have 1 earring on, hem fell out of my skirt... Maybe today I'll meet my husband??
f*** you buddy
Just came back from a trip to Costa Rica. Fantastico! :-)
2O minutes!!! So happy :')
You can never go wrong with for lunch!
Hey Nick - Tell me why pops and your sis deserve 'em? James :)
is, for the most part, numb inside.
me too! M.... and champagne
Privacy is also trending, so maybe people are trying to be "private" today ;)
Senate unanimously passes Sen. Miller's amendment limiting #Vikes share to $452 million, limiting State's share to $373 million.
Phil was so great when they were running to the roller coaster line. That made my night.
no thats OK.
Increasing engagement doesn't have to be complex. Help employees find the alignment between their personal vision/values and the company's.
ha if I could I would.
Go head Kim!!!
Life Achievement unlocked. Last will and testament on file.
Please do. Make sure you climb that waterfall (if you get the chance) - Glymur, and Instagram the hell out of that country.
requesting comments and feedback on our books. please leave detailed reviews
I'ma hit a slow jay-walker one day for 100 points.
Yup! We won't be charing per-tix fees for comps. We're still finishing up the beta version of the site, but we're coming.
It's only 11:30 and I'm already being told to turn it down. Cool.
jc your so freaking luck i have been trying for like 2 months to get justin bieber to follow me! lol and please follow me
RT if you ever had a dream you were in love with someone you barely know then the next morning you felt funny around them. Lol
Damn...there goes a broken heart.
Thanks for the @'s. I love riot grrrl music! (That's obvious. Lol) I am now following you! :)
Morning Sj keep us posted on new work! lets collab soon | #modelfolios #videofolios |
Watching project x lol this shit crazy
What do you do, PR?
Craig James is scum.
Hersheys hot chocolate.
HATE what that guy is doing to that old Brandsmart building on Gregory. Wtf is he up to - just looks sloppy, junky and amateur. Sad.
It's April Fools people -- don't let anyone fool you!
Had sinus surg yrs ago, afraid to take percocet (tnx Favre) spent week in agony then tried to catch up, very hard
night sleepy head <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Hey Elly! Thanks for the follow, how is your day going?
Boy Meets World<<<
" True love has no ending."
@ me if u need one
If you don't vote in primary's you should really consider registering #Libertarian. If GOP & Dem saw a trend you'd really make a statement.
RT : The Google doodle today has to be THE. BEST. EVER!!! <3
Congrats on the Hall Making the boys proud. Go Blue!
Option 2 is logical. You'd still hear them but not as loud as other players who have no perk.
This movie is crazy
Hope it stays that way
Ask about our take home custom whitening trays!! Get the white smile of your dreams this Christmas!
#YouWereCuteUntil I actually got to know you.
we are hipsters porn is crazy cray! Best hipster porn on American apparel site! Lol wait not that kind of porn huh!?
Relax by the window with a pot of Wild Rose Melange and a cup of Baby Artichoke with a Spinach & Beet Salad.
He's not getting a tip, either.
#FML a thousand times right now
lebron is up there with kobe. Even kobe says lebron is better then him
I find that they are. On days when I don't feel the need to check my email constantly, I notice more beauty around me.
had arbor day at school and arbor day isnt until april. the only thing im upset about is that they had to pick the coldest day of the month.
Grammar brings you the weekend! Joe Paterno's Father Dies, Someone Wins an Football Game, Newt Gingrich Goes Newt Catching, Comes Back A Man
AJs right Tara. You catch the fade after a few sips
Thank you chica.
You're talking about - she's great
seriously this is a motherfucking sign! they're playing Somewhere In Brooklyn at Buffalo Wild Wings! i love this place :')
Off to awards day :-/ this should be interesting
just rec'd safety alert from kids' school abt creep in town luring children into van with talk of puppies. is anyplace safe?
Wow! Very nice.
I'm out this world hoe !
David Cone is killin it right now. Can't say the same for Andy Pettitte, but he looks good. Glad he's back.
Heh, yeah. I have a way of getting carried away with something while telling hardly anyone about it until it's more fully formed
This Miami vs New York is gonna be a good one
Loling guess you don't need to take the final
Can somebody tell what it t twitter jail?.
This is one of a planner's greatest challenges: Making a "instant" or "created" place appear as though it has grown organically...
RAISE IT! In spite of the manager again.
mostly what
Has a craving for some ceviche!
And jeers to streaming events online, because they suck at it.
he is rancid... Idk why he has not been traded for 2 dozen balls and 4 bats yet
Tough negotiator: HP wanted $1.2B for webOS and Palm’s assets (exclusive)
Happy Birthday! Hope all your wishes come true!
This weather is too nice to pass up. Come join us for a refreshing beer and and enjoy the evening. ps its happy hour till close.
Thanks for the support!!
tan lines make things more interesting. ;) please tell me you're gonna party in btown at least once this summer.
Trying to heed the wisdom in the experiences of my past.
Will do, thanks!
haha aw thank you! :D and I think his accent is so cute too! :D
Casting workshop and now a BBQ! Fun times with
I have to work tmro, so took today off. Woke up feeling like crap this morning.
$140?! Did they lick the old nail polish off themselves? Are your fingers dipped in gold flakes? WTH?
What movie to watch tonight hmm
Anyone wanna play puck tomorrow 12 at northtown? @
Watching chat with Maggie Stiefvater on FB - interesting! 's page
Through all the tears shes crying she only wants you <3
LIVE MUSIC IN THE HOUSE! School book fair til 5pm today!
Every "thank you" is pretty much "thank you for not being a dick." Our collective fear.
Thx! RT RT : Enjoy a meal at Kramer's & Afterwords. Breakfast, lunch, dinner: they never disappoint
Talk to you later.
Where was this Deng in Philly?
"God is not dead He is surely alive - He's living on the inside roaring like a lion"
Happy Birthday , one of the best sisters in the world!
Don't let them see your kindness as weakness
If you still look nice at the end of a rock show, you've done it all wrong.
Ill start drafting a eulogy just incase... RT : If we ever trade Kenneth Faried I may kill myself.
Just got outta surgery. I would have died if was there when i woke up. I love him!
Yes, I did... I was tricked into watching I'm Still Here. Longest joke about a scraggly beard EVAR.
Single , Felt Like It When I Was In The Relationship To Smh
stupid refs. Come on get it right refs!!! Terrible.
The wicked at heart probably know something.
Thanks. I can't DM you unless you follow me. I am following you, so you can DM me an email address & I will send you the details.
I thought it was strange my daughter ate all her peas but not her mashed potatoes. Then I found the peas. In her mashed potatoes.
The GOP/Bush bankrupted the economy~!!!! Hello America?
The view from downtown looking uptown.
So now I'm gonna have a beer and listen to Ladytron: Velocifero. Loud.
In Stockholm, those in need call a condom ambulance, its a white truck that will deliver to the door a condom ten-pack
Dear , do you ever shut up? Like someone wandering through library, yanking down book, quoting, moving onto next book, repeat.
OK my dude I need your Skype so I can get at you
tomato and mangoe salad.... vegan fried chicken, cuban style beans, and jasmine rice...!800 tequila...yes, there you go
#Dance Fu w/Kel Mitchell and Cedric the Entertainer!! Don't miss it!!
why the fuck aren't you hosting the #bgc8 reunion? D;
Happy Cinco de Mayo! As my dad would advise, "Don't do anything I wouldn't do."
OMG YES !
Week 2 of Regional Sales Training event in Chicago this week. Great to see our hard work pay off and designs come to life.
not now!!
#BBW #Tami you know damn well #Kesha isn't the reason you're mad. You just looking for a reason to be a bully
are you going to hit me up on my birthday next Friday?
Happy St George's Day. I'm off to find a dragon to slay
I'm thankful for everything I have and don't have...cuz if I ain't got it I prolly wasn't suppose to have it...mmmhm
stole my line.
Perhaps. He is also spending time being an out of touch puppet "representing" his constituents.
Your so fake, you make Barbie look real
I can go for weeks without food (maybe) but
Good morning pplz. Its wednesday. Hump day. Literally one of THE worst days out the week. Y, cuz a ninja said so that's y. Have a good 1
reading about new literacies over the din of an iron maiden concert playing on the new paladia channel - where is my black t-shirt?
My wife initiated a conversation about the last episode of #GameOfThrones without my prodding her.
yeah Capi and Kaitlyn misses you too and np
Overheard (cuz I'm not allowed to attribute it): ”why does everybody have to pee in a toilet?”
Haha. That is almost exactly my current FB status update.
End of the week treat for your ears +eyes: Sound + Vision: Disco Desert by Austin Video Bee. Tonight starting @ 8:00!
Thanks! We're really excited!
Tonight! Free 80s Underground Dance Party at The Shrunken Head! Get up, get out and come in! :) 251 West 5th Avenue!
joe says they just lot electricity. yikes! but you guys are fine where you are? no issues? /
my boy right there doing it big lol
It's awesome. I've been there! In LeClaire. It's right behind a gas station. You'll see.
GREAT PHOTO!!!!!
yeahh its cold in the winter and REALLY hot in the summer ahaha :b
yeah, i think today i'm just gonna sit back and watch the show. :)
Hahaha.. #Sweet! RT I never get jealous when i see my ex because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to
is enjoying using ! So far so good!
Trivia Question... Which Jay Z song was originally recorded by Egyptian artist Abdel Halim Hafez 50 years earlier?
Got me a job startin tonight finally!!!!! Thank you lord
It's on! #donutwar RT : oh hell no! This means war! ;-)
Egyptian catcall of the day: (In the souk) "Buy one, get me free."
it only tuesday?
Thanks for the s/o! Have you heard about Legends Week that we are organizing during the first week of the season?
Saw the lucky one with hailey and ninerss
Appreciate your FaceBook shout out to NS for "People's Choice" recognition of our Speed Queen Campaign at this year's Bells.
Gotta admire Aviles trying to fake the drop to get the double play, but lol really?
Good Morning Ppl! :-)
Adorable!Oh yea,the puppy is too.. xD
Kings of Leon are the Goo Goo Dolls of the 21st century. If a band sells their soul did they ever have integrity in the 1st place?
No, someone else. For some reason, lots of people seem to think that, because I'm gay, I should be anti-Muslim...
I hear you. I once went to work wearing two different shoes. It was dark, heel size was the same & I didnt look. So embarassing!
Find out how to get healthy snacks to your door for free! Check out suzanne.snackhealthy.com
SINGING "BEFORE I LET GO" AT THE TOP OF OUR LUNGS ON #JACKIESPEAKSSHOW #GOODTIMES LIVE LOL WWW.URBANLATINORADIO.COM
Ml. Syed Asghar Hussain (R), would go hungry himself & instead feed the poor kids & even stray animals of his village.
I agree (: thanks for that by the way (:
RT if you peed your pants thinking about the draft
international biology olimpiade 2013 . wait me :)
$20 of lottery tickets. We!!
"The fairest thing we can experience is the mysterious. It [stands] at the cradle of true art & science." A label of dreams
im actually seeing year nines throw around breakup quotes. wow..
Knowing you know I'm hurting hurts me more. Good thing, you're clueless.
#prayforlewismighty been praying every night bud.
Congrats ! Your next project: Fish Fry at the Villa Tap! ;)
The new looks great, but I can't wait to see it when the students put their own stylings in it. Congrats on the new look
When he cooks me a fancy dinner >>> <3
Guessing Sunday was a nice day for golf? Sorry it was so packed-how was your experience w/ those 13 holes you got to play?
it is something we've considered but not imminent. How would you want it to work? Particular features that would be valuable?
Finally started working on my business plan! you inspired me during class on Saturday.
Looks like that late mock draft surge for Carolina had it right
We are going to be a little #MIA the next few days! is moving #hungry and a lil #stressed around the !
Sounds great. We'll get the crew together in September.
My heart goes out to the Egyptian people in their continued fight for democracy & freedom.
There are few things that smell better than clean clothing.
the devastation is untweetable.
Hello my fellow hippie loving, tree hugging, earth admiring friend como estas??
What the! Bogus! I get all excited beyond belief about being on #Smash, and they show him for like ten seconds!!! UGH.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet <3 I know I will one day! It will be Amazing, just like him ;)
": it's not everyday a phone smells like dog treats #whattheheck"Hahahaha your phone has a weird appetite!
Vancouver Real Estate Blog: Federal Budget - Good News For ...
According to the news, San Diego has the highest gas prices in the country. Why??
you punk
why? did try pulling that its not #rape if there isnt a #weapon on you?
It's been an awesome day working in the #studio :)
I want that same one. Make one like that. 10 bucks.
There's plenty of time to get everything on your gardening list. We are open til 7:30. Find us at 125 Fleet Street at Scottsville Pavilion!
I sure am! Licking windows and all
I love seeing my puppies over lunch.
Rally the troops. It is time. It is time.
My bro talking to his gf at 3am? Like wtf go talk somewhere else I need to sleep -_-
you should see the burn i got from curling your hair!
Home from work today. Got a tummy ache. :-p
We are at the Central Florida Film Festival! The posters are up and look great for my book signing and review of the teen comedy, "May Day".
Loiter squad...
Hahaha religion class with
there u go with the qdoba smh
You got a twitter? :o
i want an iguana and hedgehog again
Thanks for spreading the word!
If a boy takes you to his home and lets you meet his mom
Fairy tales, Are more dan true Not Becoz, They tell us that dragons exist. But Becoz, They tell us that dragons can be defeated .
2nite I'm grateful for clarity, sanity, compassion, forgiveness, humility, groundedness, patience, courage &a capacity to listen
as of now? Yes
"he not busy being born Is busy dying." ~ Bob Dylan "It's Alright, Ma"
This is about to be the longest week ever!!!
Lots of change in the air. has officially migrated into the offices. Find us in Mission Valley now!
Wanna pull my hair out today
Follow the #TPPCon hashtag for updates from OAH's Teen Pregnancy Prevention Conference.
"If you're enough lucky to be Irish, you're lucky enough!" Happy St Paddy's Day.
thanks xo. :]
Go Big Red, 10-3 over MSU at the half.
I really wanna go to the movies tonight. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5>
What the fuck Adele rolling in the deep instrumentals on the iphone4s video
Can't wait to see and Sara kill it in their Senior Recital. Make it count ladies!
facebook is not only boring its lame.....
:) “: Pizza, Smoking Loon Merlot and Idol - It's gonna be a good night!”
this Saturday! Dinner at my restaurant/table with Belgium!
. #StaceyBobble all time fave still " did you not get the memo???!!! "
we need to bring back and the sound meter for the playoffs... and the blue and gold 3pt sirens.
So happy to hear you found it helpful! Best of luck to you as you work toward your degree.
The Really Scared Housewives Of Crystal Lake
you bet!
My nigga im faded
Who`s Calvin Borel`s interpreter this year?
We're wrapped on "Bad Blood!" It was a lot of work, but a blast working with the entire cast and crew.
“For the LORD takes delight in his people; he crowns the humble with victory.” -Psalm 149:4 (NIV)
Dude, love the blog. Nicely done. Wish I could f'in' figure out how I want to write about music, politics and such.
Best drinking game ever. 1 bottle of pucker. Make animal names for everyone. Anytime u use their real name, PULL!!
you at ?
Cha, for those who listening
Self-regulation is overrated. People should try regulating multiple selves. Much more fun.
Practice today at Certain Stars' HQ. Getting ready for IPO Detroit on 4/13 in Hamtramck!
Though I am digging the bouncer keeping all of us malcontents (geriatric malcontents!) out on the street.
Why do I always need gas? Ha
oh that does sound interesting. I want to know more.
you until April 20th to join the audition.
im never drinking again
Why do you look so gorgeous while your packing?!(; <3
Thanks for the follow ! I'd love for you to drop by my house sometime!
then you would trust me a LOT
Getting so close to goal of 200 workouts in 200 days. 33 to go. Kicking it into high gear.
"Nobody wants to work in hell," Nuch says of the City Attorney's Worker Comp division.
Follow me?(;
Call me a jaded music fan, but The White Stripes are The Black Keys on roids.
I'm gonna progresso soup commercial you "they fit" lol bought a smaller pair of pants
it was in his bed
Watching Beauty and the Beast <3
Thrive lunch will be held at The Wright Place 901 6th St Wausau. Hope to see you there at 11:30! Don't forget that it's Alfred's Birthday!
wearing your Unicorn Shirt with pride! You inspire me in more ways than can be shared in 140 characters :) Love ya, bro.
“: hey P,hope ur having a great day...Saw yours pics supporting ,you look gorgeous as always :)”
Abundance is in large part an attitude. ~ Sue Patton Thoele
#HKC off #CBB 4* WIN last night w/ Texas A&M has a CBB 5* MAX PLAY TONIGHT in Bama Auburn game !!! Get it Guaranteed @ BPOSport.com
A dance of storms, a swirling calamity of abandon, a raw outpouring of life & light, flashing jagged images of a runaway world, gone wild.
yeah that will do it
Don't make someone a priority in your life if you're only an option in theirs. Life's too short to be second best when you should be first.
Are you coming to dia?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY gorgeous! mad kisses and love (and chocolate raspberries, m)
Doing the girly girl thang. Bubble bath,face mask, nails, eyebrows, weedwacking.
A man's mind stretched by a new idea can never go back to its original dimensions. - Oliver Wendell Holmes
is a surprisingly uninteresting Twitterer
If your absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success...
you're a freak.
13.5k tweets, you are on fire!
This was given to me from an old friend....
RT "if you’re earning a million dollars a year, you shouldn’t get special tax subsidies or deductions."
good for you. I know you are an excellent business man. You are an excellent man :-)
With ALL due respect, Akon's mother is a gorgeous woman.
God Morning Followers #IFollowBack thankyou to all my new followers!!
So exciting to be able to vote in the South Carolina primary today.
Are you as #bored as I am? Even makes sense when you read it backwards!!! ;)
Pay attention to the people that help you when you're low, so you know who to ignore when you're at your high.
let's keep it going, boys. M-I-Z!
and when a hero comes along with the strength to carry on; and you cast your fears aside; and you can survive...
YES! going to the concert with it's going to be so much fun. :D <33
Dear Wisdom Teeth, You weren't invited to this tooth party. Sincerely, Jeff's Mouth
George Jones!
not when the Viking game gets blacked out 1/2 the season! Then we get to hopefully watch a far superior team !
or the 3D movie puts on glasses to watch him.
Quick, somebody say something funny.
I can't wait 2 see furthur at Beacon, since I'm locked out of seeing phish #YEMSG I wish I was in the bay area 4 NYE 4 furthur
RT : MIDDAY TUESDAY: David Cordish casino talks about proposed gambling expansion & why, of course, he opposes it
25 is still older than my age!
I have only been to L.A. twice but I went to Canter's both times, LOVE THAT PLACE!
Wishing all a safe & happy holiday/new year. Duty calls, but will check transcript #solopr Cheers ~
Reading Mauldin's latest Kind of mind-boggling GER doesn't realize/acknowledge how big of a deflationary hole continent is in.
Awesome! RT : In case you missed it, Tweeple, you'll be able to vote for #xfactor contestants on Twitter!!
green on black polo socks, celts snapback, green on white jordans, purple on green weed... guess its that
I was even getting to like John. And I will miss John and Jenna!
In 1979 Soyuz32 cosmonauts grew onions,fennel,parsley,garlic on board, mushrooms "with curly stems" Supply brought a tulip for them to bloom
u r now bing fall o'd!
Get an iPhone. /applefanboi
maybe Billy G knew he would be a defensive star in the nba and didn't need to waste time dropping 54 pts
The way i'm feeling >>>
#6 "I've READ all the books we have. Twice."
RT Trust in the Lord. This does not mean we must understand everything (or pretend to). It means to trust in the Lord. By faith.
It's downloadable, so tell everybody to enjoy!
I survived the great fire drill of twenty ten (t shirts will be available soon)
Pop is a hard drug.
Thanks for the shout-out! Have a great weekend!
Why would u have advertising boards where the camera can't see them?
Idc if you think im ugly. Stupid. Weird. Im being me. So shut up!
There you are. I guess just something wonky with my feed. All we needed was to start talking I guess.
It's curious how one's own old files can seem like mementos from another life.
I thought u were a fashion model. Don't worry I don't do that. ": stop trying to take my job"
future millionaires, what's our plan?? I'm still trying to be a Reality Star, Ron said he'd support my dream...
I love
Do you have a photo album for your pet?
I just want to drive around town all day blasting Goldie and Big Spender. is takin OVER
Lol so Jamal and his friend just left lol the had me rolling when my daddy came in they got all scared
RT Yup. Pretty weird for a team like this to start its All Star vacation early. But that's what it looked like.
you don't like them?
I get anything for free in the concession stand because im working in the press box @ Eastern
There are 15 people in front of me at the postoffice. One open teller. USPS Failz.
RT : Value of engagement is about getting to know audience, delivering value/relevance, translates to loyalty
...... I love how you favorite all my tweets ;)
A4: Yes! Relying solely on networking online misses the human connection factor. Face time is invaluable!
Lean toward trusting rather than withholding trust.
Today & Tomorrow we will be Shoe Shining at a #Medical conference at the Marriott Harbor Beach Resort!
Well thats good news, cause The Fades was a total failure up until the last 3 eps.
RT : Q5: When choosing a brand, what is most important to you?
Tomorrow July 13th its a double dose of BS - Start your day with on Regis & Kelly then go to bed w Blake and Jimmy Fallon
moved? Oy. Grab a coffee one of these days, shall we?
WOW just wow
Rizz...pick me up a nice NY Strip! Welcome back from Goodyear now get back to work...
Drink a sixer of Mad Elf and get back to me.
I know I just read it lol. She better say something to us...
Dear and you're about to make my weekend. :)
And to all the followers who have been following for a while...hi & thanks too!
Stop taking the long way....
joshpeak....i appreciate the follow. -douggieb
Can't decide if I should eat before bed or not. Am I really hungry or just think I'm hungry? Here goes another trip to the kitchen to gauge
Are these things why you you didn't respond about your big pending deals? Toyota etc?
Thanks for helping me with my story! You were great. RT TY for the write up!
National politics and workplace politics can be a popularity contest.
What's up elliot's! and ! Thanks for the follow dudes
immature is what boring people call fun people.
Zhang: Engineers would like to see where this money is coming from and where it is going to.
what do u mean saved both crews?
for sure. I was just a bit amused when I found myself getting less out of a feature designed to save me trouble.
Definitely ready for the weekend. Got a pile of apps opened, and totally blanked out on what I'm supposed to be doing. WTB Simplicity...
well thanks! (: u are too!
the last thing you tell a girl is that she's fat.
Breathe! RT Hear the 1 abt the stressed out woman who shut her head in trunk of car? No? Oh right, I didn't write the post yet.
when someone comes up to you and says you and your bf are cute together , and you have this huge smile on your face {:
~ even as an adult (from last tweet)
nothing really just alot on my mind and i kinda need help with what to do but noone will help me
Life is full of surprises so why not join in and make a few surprises of your own
So glad you like the new Twitter background! RT: Im sporting a new, custom profile design at twitter.com/soinc thanks to :)
I think about #oomf all day long.
Good morning fashionistas
I'm a dancer.
Don't fake like you smoke when you don't or talk like you're rich when your broke
"Black Friday" is only one week away! Let us know what you think our sale deal for that day should be...
thanks! you're an awesome buddy.
Even though we haven't spoken in 2 months, I still miss him like crazy -_-
Happy birthday (:
Chewing on popcorn kernels...
Team Tea all the way!!
Sitting on my new couch... Watching the #Rangers on my massive TV... Ah, life is good.
They now have 4 methods: 1)Ignore 2)Dismiss 3)Attack and now 4) Just Steal It!
i really hope you get tickets. You never know, you could still meet them.
Not immediate, but TONIGHT NEW FENSTY SPORTS VIDEO! I'll give you a hint who will be a topic: SODNEY RUCKEY! And CP3 of course
Dear Guys, Cheating Is Not An Accident, Falling Off A Bike Is An Accident..You Don't Trip And Fall Into A Vagina "/
First Day Of School!Wish Me Luck!8th Grade Here I Come!!
I'm a big fan of the awkward one person flash mob...
Madison's jacket(;
Facebook, take note. If you need help creating your Google+ page let me know. I've been spending some time with it. Clean and easy.
Remember...only the messenger...AND if you blame me, you MUST give me credit for nice days, too! ;)
happy birthday! ur legal go do wtvr u want ;) jkjkjk luv u!
Own it Jen it's yours for the taking <3
Be confident in what you know well, find a ton of people much smarter than you to help with what you suck at in #startup, #business,
watching ppl resolve huge tech issues makes you feel like your work can be done by a trained rabbit. go and !
It is one busy HDDT Friday you guys!!
Follow at they follow back
#HowToAnnoyYourServer say you're fine with water but ask for a "kiss" of lemon. What the fuck?
Just finishd #foodies shoot at #Vermillion in #Alexandria for #NBCWashNonstop. Make my reservations! The #Obamas know where 2 dine!
": Haha :-) Happy saint pattys day Emily!"Thx you too :)
For the cynics & the skeptics, I'm sorry for u, I'm sorry you can't dream big, & I'm sorry u don't believe in miracles. -L.Armstrong
Sunday Brunch $7 bloodys $6 mimosas!!! Tomorrow Coa will be serving food & drinks at Klode Park's July 4th Festival so be sure to come by!!!
Why do you keep bringing that up?! It hurts a lot.. You dont even know..
Create whatever alternate reality you like! CASEYDOME
Was playing with 's Siri... That bitch does not understand me. Or she's just lazy and pretends she doesn't
A4: the amazing landscape & photo ops!
iv always wanted too know.since the day i met you, how tall are you?
#IndieMusic MP3: Arcade Fire – “Horn of Plenty”
Looking forward to bugging vendors w/ your questions at #mlanet12 - send 'em along in advance for blog consideration.
That was business ma'am lol.
Recent fortune cookie: "Don't be pushed by your problems. Be led by your dreams." Love.
Blessed to see another beautiful day!!
I agree with all if thee above!! I can't wait! And we'll do awesome pictures!:)
I ponder this, too. For a start, it calls first for "every story, 2 sides" thinking.
Now that's powerful!
The good news is, I'm on my way to hear a lecture by Jennifer Holm, 3-time Newberry Honor winner and author of the Babymouse series!! :)
The one thing that no one can ever take away from you, no matter how hard they try is your skills.
yeah, I'm fine. Didn't mean to make it out like it was serious. Someone just ran into my parked car while I was in a bar. smh
666 followers? Really? You on that Black Magic!
I'm in the same boat :-\
I got u all day bro
haha its 7 bedroom:) not that big:) and well im not rich atall..i like to say ive got money.. im not a spoilt brat:)
I stole the keys to your car I'm going to drive it as far as your gas tank can get me.
second. we have a 2 1/2 year old daughter
I still feel such ownership of that Women's Bios project! Go, you guys!
I know right!!!!!!!!! There so gorgeous:)<3 lol
RT Samsung Says It Will Report Record Quarterly Profit: The world’s No.1 memory chip maker said it was on course to r...
Cheney vs. Powell: One manipulated and dealt in the dark while the other still is respected for his integrity! Dick named appropriately!
Now go do the podcast!
I block every single person on my Who To Follow suggestions.
Working on a piece about flood damage to farms. Contact me if you are a farmer who wants to be interviewed.
I hope I make it to wrk on time
oh, no, I don't use weibo. I just heard the Internet language on it is super fun and <U+524D><U+536B><U+3002>
What are you up to with #manuscripts today? Wish I were working with some - instead cataloguing physics journals.
Needs to get my portfolio going, or i will be stuck hell cutting wildabeest hair.
Been trying out Google Music and the iPhone app gMusic. Definite thumbs up.
I will miss seeing at Tip a Tiger tonight :(
Well it's called the theatre of dreams for a reason. We all have big dreams. #GGMU for always and a day
How do you make sfmoma tagging game available to visitors? Do a lot of visitors play a little or a few play a lot?
it is amazing. I just have to keep doing the right thing.
Dress shopping tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
wanna be a rapper
Ugh so hungry
RT : LOL Umm, the heels would be "sister"! DM…>>>Very sorry about that, sister! I need more coffee!
Getting ready for a relaxing weekend. Definitely going to see Inglorious Basterds at some point.
Latest Time & Newsweek Covers shows how desperate both publications are. Offered 56 issues for $15 & free clock radio!
tell us your fav brazilian food or drink .... we'll be running contests when our food promos kick off next month ....
Final fall grades are due tomorrow. Check them on UD's mobile app!
Great job!
The real lottery is how many lawsuits will be filed in coming weeks. What's you over/under? Winner gets to share the 25 I just found
" talkin permanent....for temporary " problem is that actually makes sense to me.
tightly rolled up jeans with brown boots. It doesn't feel like this is anything new, but it's almost ubiquitous
thanks for following! hope you like my tunes and can give me some spins on KFAI :) let me know if you need a disc
Its about time to make things right
you need to. It's awesome.
Indeed they are #TeamGrindHard -->
Ready for the new month! Hi may, can't wait for the summer weather you have to offer >:D
It was going great until facebook made their 10pm change. ;-) Busy...trying to launch this week!
yeah go 2 mediapm4.com there's movies on there u watch for free that r still in the movie theaters
I was told I was beautiful the other day. I was so happy because beautiful is so Mich better than being called sexy! Js
I liked the trailer, great work!
Indeed! And I can't wait to do more work on Thursday!
got me drunk so I would do more work. Help, I have the worst boss.
Oh no! When / where did it happen?!
idk i think so
It's like you'd have to beg them, "Please, will you follow me please??" I don't beg, lol!
LOVE YOU JUSTIN
Metered parking sucks.I understand the need in populated sections, but ridiculous for areas that could use more business & traffic.
RT Corny but true: “If you want the rainbow; you have to put up with the rain.”
Maybe Grossi will put a chapter on Kokinis in his Children's book. "GM George drank lots of potion. Then he got angry!"
we did have it but yal wasn't supporting us so we figured yal didn't want us using the name
Can't Stop This Thing We Started?
Who hasnt ever BEEN to a BeastiesBoy Concert? YOU NEVER WILL. THIS IS A LOST IN RAP HISTORY.
I just realized I stuck an extra "a" in there. Oh ,my speedy fingers :-)
Worth mentioning again. Meltdown approaching. RT Anyone not following should do so immediately. WOW!
God bless America.
yes and now your car is gonna be lookin good now that you have a job princess :D
Bought the new Febreeze flickering like box thing. Adds great ambiance to the room.
working on getting speakers for an event. Been best way to contact. Really not liking ppl who I can't DM.
Curly Weave? Yes please! LOL There is nothing like a
#ThingsIWantInLife for everybody to be kind to others. Can't everybody just get along I ask you?
Fighting is for boys.... Talking it out is for men.
When Charles first saw our child Mary, he said all the proper things for a new father. He looked upon the poor little red thing and blurted,
Real Eyes Realize Real Lies
Why do I always venture to trader joe's, which is across town from my new place, while it's raining?
Can't wait 2 see back on my television and blaring through my radio! Oh ... It's going 2 happen!!! Ask, Believe, Receive!
I recommend Lifetime Christmas movies.
i’m proud of all of you for reading this. it means you are avoiding real work. smart move.
There is all kinds of good stuff to do in Kentucky like Kentucky Down Under check out our website for half off things to do.
GUESS WHO VOTED FOR LONDON?! ;)
Show tonight at Sub/Mission! Doors open at 8, show starts at 9! BE THERE!
So you're "drama free", yet you're the one who starts the most shit..
Rode 22 miles.
Not good. Hope it has been taken care of. Good luck!
I'm not a bad person. but I have done some stupid pointless shit,just to learn from the mistakes and make me a better person..
Oh Hey! just wanted to tell you....I LOVE YOU! (:
have to admit, #hockeyman and #cheeseface put me to sleep for a bit. Missed the 6th, thank god.
what!? By what I can tell by the pod and announcing you're brilliant!
RT : Suggested command for tonight: "everyone who wishes they were Danica, start your engines" but they wouldn't go for it.
They are fantasticly punk. I was not expecting it at all! Can't wait to here more at Holiday Havoc...
Ha ha. Too funny... RT : If you see me collapse, please hit 'stop' on my Garmin. #cycling (via )
Thanks for stopping by! We hope to see you again soon!
Congrats to on winning $10k from 100Urban entrepreneurs, started by a Latino Wharton grad
You're cute:)
We gotta plan a day, me you and alexis can go to the mall, get something to eat and yall can spend the night :)
5 pages down, 15 to go!
THESE LABEL SIGNING NIGGAS FROM THE HOOD WHO ANIT NEVER HAD SHIT SO THEY TAKE 60,000 RECORD DEAL NOT KNOWING THAT ANIT SHIT
yo u tryin to go to the street league
All it takes is riches to get bitches to undress.
It pays to bowl #bowlbrokenarrow. Congrats to Gary G and Joe R for hitting the Pot O' Gold mystery game. Each won $313. Proceeds to BVL
#iReallyHateWhenPeople text me "call me" you could've just called...
i cant afford to go to mars lol and of all place in the univers u choose mars??? eheh
I cant watch anymore football. So i watch Despicable Me instead. Great movie!
Family party at Scotland Yard Pub right now in honor of the deployment of an Army Ranger, w/ pregnant wife. Amazing peeps.
": Love comin back to Bama and grub on some #DreamlandBBQ!" yeh u rite! Who Dat in
someone to talk to I'm an emotional mess
Who wants to watch Duck Tales?
Break out the wool coats people! It is COLD!
love the tats
Have you ever been in the "Wrong Place at the Right Time"
I'm thinking about calling in to shit on again. I'm a big fan uh…I mean…HE HAS BALLS.
you should listen to #levilowrey. He's a lyrical genius. Can I get an RT?!
Brought my lunch, apple, pear, cottage cheese, pretzels in a Taco Bell bag today. The irony amuses me.
Every singers needs a process for learning material. Listening to a song is not enough to really learn how to sing a song
omg yea that video is amazing hahah seeing as he once said he doesn't dance at all
I know it's crazy! The boys have been crazy writing.. Hows life!?
yeah, he's alright lol.
Very strange and often an improvement.
hey man get well soon youre my favorite player.
isn't it adictive ? Oh. Today I likes your face.
Happy Thanksgiving, Twitterworld! The word of the day, according to Peter Griffn, is "bird."
"It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; What is essential is invisible to the eye."
I only go to work on days that don't end in a 'y'. ~ Robert Paul
I miss yuh too
And I quote "teacher's need to be more like you Mrs Frank, you know what's going on!" Thank you G Block student! My happy for the day! :)
You shouldn't have been a jerk...<|3
Films and Tickets announced tomorrow at noon!
RT if you have pics all over ur binder!!!!!!<U+2665>
is excited to be watching the #Padres tonight!
If I hear that Sardines and Pork and Beans song ONE MORE TIME today.....That is a nasty combination of food!
/ Hey Lady! That is very sweet of you. How are you?
Hi A&B - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Love Bordeaux & see you're crafting a Right Bank. Gr8T!
find any new spots fpr good eats and drinks? Stechinno in Hells Kitchen has awsome Rye Manhattans!
Keep your eyes open - we'll be announcing new pricing in the next couple of days. How about a free drop-in to try it out?
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.29
See you all there!
Great way to spend my birthday. #TribeFest w great people in morning. Fly home to have dinner w my kids at night :) Thx for all good wishes
I'm already black as it is hahahaha
I need to speak with someone in your billing dept about fraudulent charges. Please contact me thru DM
Amazing! Singing Rox in the Box too I hope.
I kno u talking bout me bitch. Lol.
#TheWeightOfANation is great. Some people are just clueless.
Time for my French lessons with Rosetta - good stuff and was really helpful - I'm definitely going back to Bordeaux next summer!
You are beautiful ma
i hate that you're so tired but you can't fall asleep. i also hate taking naps after school then not being able to sleep at nite
#IHateSchoolBecause have silly teachers and boring material that is perfect match for hate
dos you enjoy the food
Tonight sip on a glass of Casnati, Malbec, Mendoza, '06. Paired with our Churrasco, its like going to Argentina sans the jet lag. Salud!
hahaha! Nice. And the lobster...I remember liking the lobster (can't remember why).
You could just give me an advance screening. I'm told I'm good at keeping a secret.
I never knew you looked like a fruit cup btw
I need to go swimsuit shopping I want all types<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
i should be getting there around 12ish
Large japanese salamanders NoT HOt
Do not apologize unless you have done something to deliberately hurt me~lbjk
Miami tonight?
Acai Berry Infused Bath Salts coming next week.
shorty you're my angel, you're my darling angel
I'm so excited I started working on meadowlark today in voice >>>>
am loving that dip on
Thanks for sharing our post, Zarko!
Pat Summitt : Legend
Make me come alive, Come on and turn me on, Touch me, save my life, Come on and turn me on I am too young to die, Come on and turn me on!!<3
Henna is so cool :)
Denied the right to travel to Tel Aviv, Palestinians cant be "Standing in line to see the show tonight"
After some religious study prep, doing some personal #bookkeeping today.
We got it in last nght with the new vip sections...stripper poles make girls do strange things...lol
awe, that means he was thinking about youu. ;)
Haha DetoxLounge is $225 for 3 days!! U can keep an eye out on Groupon/ LivingSocial. I see deals all the time 4 random ones
Finally finished voting today for ALA/YALSA/AASL elections. It was fun to get to vote for so many people I know!
This required online career class for SPEA is annoying and it's only the 1st day...
I never knew that dreams could come true
Should be amazing second half!
Apparently if you have half a voice and are from the UK....you're gonna have a single released in the US.
My question is, what film and music video director that you haven't worked with yet would you like to collaborate with?
Good morning glad ur feeling better hope u have a great day! Did u watch the Devils game last night!? Crazy comeback!
thanks for following! keep in touch :)
Haha, yeah, I'm in the same boat as you guys!
Hey Here's My Number 1800-NOT-TELLIN So Call Me Maybe . (:
He does
I was actually going to say that but intentionally waited for Brad to respond. Called it.
You have to want success as bad as you wanna breathe
Talking about a past relationship doesnt mean you're still stuck on it, sometimes its a reminder not to screw up again
Big Bill welcomes his new followers. As I said in my 1915 election campaign, "You're going to build a new #Chicago with Bill Thompson!"
goofy was my favorite
sweet. Can be available on Sunday whenever needed for server setup, just let me know :)
<U+79CB><U+8304><U+5B50><U+306F><U+5AC1><U+306B><U+98DF><U+308F><U+3059><U+306A> (Akinasu wa yome ni kuwasuna) Meaning: Don't let yourself be taken advantage of.
I have no idea! We walked out, got about 3 steps away and heard this awful noise. I turn around & the door is just hanging there
I wish but I'm going to the Edward Sharpe concert at the Greek. Next week?
good luck!
I wonder if I can do anything to get to make fun of me at his show tonight. Find us, Tosh!
never forget the UN-FORGOTTEN!! 2010 official limo rally champions!!
You must do that again.
I swear Lidge wants to give it away
Wow congrats! I'm starting next week w a group, what was your favorite meal or recipe during the 21 days?
Our stomachs hope so, too :)
this shit sucks
Extremely impressed by the National History Day papers that I'm reading for tomorrow's competition!
Had so much fun at prom without a dude on my arm :) love all my friends dearlyy :) now to after prom :)
'Storytelling is powerful, and we can all benefit from it.'
thanks for the follow back
Bellissimo. Will check out his writings, stat.
go Wheel or go home.
hope everyone is enjoying the weekend :) get outside & do something Fun !!
bout as badass as when he guaranteed a win vs UK
Im always stayin up late, and constantly regretting it in the morning!
Need suggestions for the weekend? Read tomorrow's "Out & About" by in the A&L section of !
Live your life!
pretty good(minus the exhaustion part:) can't believe he could be here any day! How is your precious baby boy?
Thank you, UCLA northern lights employee, for not charging me for a container in which to eat my cereal. Much appreciated
Out with the cold, in with the woo. - E. Marshall. Yes, spring is in the air.
Lets go titans.
Seafood night!
#BossLady Boost: Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength....
follow back please :)
We can shoot out that way save up that $$$
I want you to WANT to talk to me. I really don't think that's too much to ask.
spending Valentine's day at Wisconsin dells with Brendon :D
Song of the Day announcement coming up soon, keep listening
Ii Wish All My Tweets Were Funny, Ii Cant Understand Half Of Them, Then Some Dont Even Make Sence, Den Some Are About Insurance!!
make sure to bring me a coffee and bring a notebook to take notes
thx for the love!!!
The Channel just came in to potentially shoot a reality tv series about Chicago Messenger.
LOVE the men's photography!
. Yep, a small one but he said you just never know on a commercial scale. He literally pantomimed rolling dice.
RT : I guess the whole equal protection and enjoyment of privileges and immunities of cz means nothing.|No kidding!
Financial Checklist for Widows and Widowers in New Relationships
maybe cause wah!- Hidden in the Name is playing in the background.
o, there's nothing like your favorite taco stand finding you on twitter. Hey !
After a period of no tours due to finances, Touro Synagogue will resume giving tours on May 3 with volunteer help. Yay and go volunteering!
Nonprofits, follow for some key tips re: fundraising. Important information!
I don't have your number momma dragon! -I love you too-
If your gonna PRANK CALL me, don't accidentally call me with your real number 2 seconds before you call me blocked.
oh sad!
For lent I'm giving up...giving things up. I have a feeling this is one resolution I can stick to.
Aint shit on tv... Bored outta my mind
See, i'd love to watch your Ads on youtube, but im afraid if i dont Skip it, you'd get the impression that i give a fuck about your product
Follow conference in Doha tomorrow & Wednesday with
I bet my fam better be somewhere in the next friday movie.
Some very good points here... others I would call interesting. Crystal Bridges is always a fun topic. Thanks for sharing!
#NowPlaying The Zone - The Weeknd ft. Drake
That's what I was thinking!!!!
MSMQ: You don't want to restrict a standard to the people who already know what it means.
Scientists have found a cure for colorblind monkeys. Glad they tackled that first before moving on to cancer.
I Hate The Snow! It's Way To Cold!
When remote debugging a process on a 64 bit OS, remember there is a monitor for 32 bit processes, and one for 64 bit processes
I do
Shoutout to the only Heat fan who hold them down when they getting Hulk smashed
that's just wrong. Good for you on the veg pledge I don't have the willpower.
I DID I DID I DID BUT UR A FAKE
what a delight to be surrounded by such inspirational group this evening! What a great night!!
do you think if we get enough people to complain they will change how the leaderboard works?
#describeyoursexlifewithamovietitle I Am Legend
Setting my alarm for 5:40am gets more difficult every night.
haha. I thought you might. And thanks for getting through the whole thing.
Do you want a free Telephone System for your business? www.discountedt1s.com
Lord, Thank you for another day of your Favor; for opening doors, not even the enemy can shut. #Amen"
Will something please happen in this episode?? Haven't we waited long enough??
We've had one textbook question tonight. I understand the financial concern, but suggest renting when I see all copies out.
Super cute! =)
Just got a cheap.. I mean cheap motel in Arizona. I'm afraid someone is going to murder me in my sleep. Pray for me plz :)
And I hope you've seen the light cause no one really cares: they're just pretending
Thanks, Ron. Best wishes.
Strikes me that we need more important games against foes to generate a good clean hate.
Picked up some Six10 epoxy this weekend. Working the repairs this week in prep for bottom paint!
lol that cracks me up, I May try it today
well do some eff'n sign language then!!
Happy thoughts create happy molecules, and healthy thoughts create healthy molecules. ~ Deepak Chopra
Ugh. Time Warner Cable Is Fucking Up! I'm Bout Ready To Throw The Cable Box, Remote, And Tv Across The Room. =/
stayed up late excited about inventing new vegan recipes and cookbooks that have already invented...
to us... "no neither one of you is a true player. Either am i though" well done #bsider!
Hard to watch WSH & CAR, while Tim is leading the Broncos!
im trying...
she's stunning everyday
im well. torn on HOF. Can get $500-700 for ticket.might b bust, n fillmore show was so cool...dont think HOF could top it
Wine anyone? Tonite at Teak $10 off bottles!
omg Im lik such a huge fan of she was my favortie girl outta all the bgc seasons! Im following her #sweet!!!
I'm in akron this weekend I'll probably be at ATOG on sunday morning!!! S/O to
RT : #YoungPeople: Let's talk about how the #SocialSecurity trust fund is not the same as #SocialSecurity's revenue.
is too busy with her 20 boyfriends to talk to me....
our website got a virus the what a pain,I mean to do something just for vandalism I just do not get.
In honor of Fenway Park's 100th birthday... Everything Red SOX is cleaned for FREE today
I'll take Napoli Anyone seen Jane mcgarry lately?
“: & ... Tonight was a good night at ” everyone had a great set!
Can you tell us which team and when Did the 1st team start bringing a fully prepared backup car to every cup race?
Is starving! I skipped dinner but had an avocado and some left over soup and pirate's booty when I woke up at 2am... need breakfast!
YES! : instead of "same sex marriage plank" how about we stop the piecemeal games & do a FULL EQUALITY #LGBT PLANK
When your ex calls you babe -___-
New backcountry skis are ordered and on their way. Now if it would just start snowing.
LOL darn twitter
Leave for #Aruba in less than 10 hours!
James Reston~ This is the devilish thing about foreign affairs they are foreign and will not always conform to our whim.
Schumer Coburn; marriage of convenience RT I'm wondering who is going to be the first bipartisan couple to break up after SOTU.
Rule of life: Buy Low, Sell HIGH
Jason, please ask Aaron why the back shoulder throws were off this past week. Where the DB's playing differently to defend them?
Inquiring minds want to know : Where, are the whores at?
How you a math teacher giving a 6 page essay that you want to be in MLA format and work cited
When things go wrong, i try not to go with them :)
Hey Just asked an ACE employee and a fan at the trolley stop what they pegged the crowd at. They said <15k, maybe 10-12k.
im starting to get annoyed with being single, ijust wish somebody worth my time would step up already -__-
Penny off the big bang is........sexy
Missed the bus..again
Doin all this for prom made me dumb tired boiii and got more to do 2mmrow
Hey , I'm making your grilled Thai steak salad for dinner tonight.
One highlight of today: finally meeting in person! She's a
-Jumping Jay Flats just came on the playlist. Made me think of you! Haha
From social graph to interest graph - NOW the Sentiment Graph. Imagine knowing the emotional triggers that drive purchase.
omg this little girl need to go to sleep!! hahah
Chanting makes it important.
Madd shout out to what more could one want super sexy who follows back go follow her guys
Yeah me too, since plagues
Live band: Chris & Jack @ 5 don't miss them everyone loves them!!!
You are welcome! Looking forwrard to following your Tweets ;o)
If I could punch you in the face right now, I would.
Its cold outside Warm up downtown with Pasta e Fagioli! Cannellini bean soup with Maltagliati Pasta
Need resources
Hazanvicius. I am so 'appee!' Interviewed him and every time he said the word "happy" it was just adorable. But don't diss Uggie, dude.
Seriously hating storyboarding in Xcode today
Crying myself to sleep..
treat your OCD with antibacterial soaps.
I hate you but I love ur mom;)
This KU regime is turning out to be worst than the Terry Allen disaster. Somewhere, Mark Mangino is ...........
they need to reward good host school and find new locations for poor hosts. Some host schools are terrible!
Battle raging right now between my level of tired and my desire to watch last night's Game of Thrones. Who will win? Stay tuned...
omg Congrats I have to come see u or u can come see us
Jealous! RT : SPECIAL DAY! Uinta Brewing is serving 2 RARE Cask ales: Jalepeno Cut Throat Pale & Double Dry Hopped Hop Notch!
I used kttape on my shins last summer, it helped.
Loves #kindle text to speech.
Cupping 3 coffees this morning: new Ethiopia Yirgacheffe, Guatemala Carrizal, and more of Brazil Bob-0-Link.
reebs? oh man
Deep Gold will finally be released in The Philippines. Watch it in theaters August 31st!
Have you become a fan of our facebook page?
Well it may not have been in your plans, but we'd like to say Welcome To Milwaukee! Hope to see you again (on purpose) soon. :)
never :p
I'm sorry franchesca :(
Wow--random and interesting
Thanks so much!!! i really appreciate ur support!! :)
My BlackBerry is still not working and Tmobile will not respond what does one do when customer service is so bad.
Two SLA NHD projects compete at State tomorrow... very excited for - real potential for natls!
I just had a two hour drive from Columbus to Mansfield to think about why a 3C rail is a bad idea.
call me
so dramatic
Call in 713.652.5080 or shoot us an email at
I hope it will be xfactor Eva
still haven't switched to the new twitter...
Welcome to Twitter! (A delayed response.)
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 6
Where's the TRX???
Holy crap am I tired! And my feet hurt!! How are you?
thanks! it takes forever to cut the names out though! of course I chose all lowercase. so many curves...
Sounds like your kinda party, Jason!
tell me more!
Sorry I missed most of the party, my son's soccer game went long!
So when you have nothing exciting to twitter about, is that what you twitter about?
I don't do jokes but I'm great at lullabys :+D Sleep Tight...
I just tacked it onto my ALA registration.
Waiting for Beix b4 the finish line. We'll run the last 100 yards as a whole team. A birthday cake is also waiting for Mike after the finish
Shitext- The action of sending a text message or instant message while dropping a deuce.
When you do things like this, it makes me not want to try.
OMICS Group is glad to announce the International Expo and Conference on Analytrix & HPLC during 22-24October, 2012 at Chicago, USA.
#kobebryant literally going to have his best year ever. Did you see that focus yesterday!??! And it's training camp!!!
follow me on TWITTER! @ JaysonSimba!
Dear , we all know ur jealous of him so go home little buddy and shut ur fucking mouth...thanks....URGAYBASTARD
et al, Thx for your support!
": can u plz follow me back?? <U+263A> is this ur real account?" Yes and Yes :D
Wow! When your little one is gassy w/ an upset stomach. Powerful stuff.
L IS A L...SOUND LIKE A BUNCH OF HATERS YEA WE GOT BEAT BY 30 BUT YALL SUPPOSE TO BE THE "DREAM TEAM" THOUGH RIGHT....SERIES OVER
": Love ! And I use it it on clients with break outs the night before a shoot a lil dab will do! #ReadMyLips"
I really just want to move to Durango, I'm gonna apply there next year. It's so frickin cool down there!
interesting. i feel like it could be dangerous though. Would your enemies know that you're their enemy?
There's no limit to what a man can achieve, if he doesn't care who gets the credit. ~ Laing Burns, Jr.
for real! You haven't been in 4th
I like her sassy hat.
welcome :p
Anyone know where to find free stock music online, where the songs are split into multiple tracks (a multitrack recording)?
Welcome to the new folks who've joined us here at Stephanie Epperson Music!!!! I hope something that is said, sang or written will be a...
"Love begins by taking care of the closest ones - the ones at home." - Mother Teresa.
Bruschetta and Hacker Pshorr celebratimng #victory before the parent meeting tonight.
#WeWontWorkoutIf you act like a man but want to be treated like a woman.
thanks pegs! Miss you too!!
$avings on Catering www,patrickscatering.com
What does your sister do?
Electricity out for some southsiders-- charge your phones.
#UWRightNow: Refreshing the resume & proof reading a cover letter; some students at are graduating soon. Wish this guy some luck!
I'll pick you up when you're down, be there when no one's around. When you're in unfamiliar places, count on me through life's changes. <3
Im gonna be ready to Tie-Die tomarrow :) :) Bring Messy Clothes guys!
You Are My <U+2605>
DJ Contract In The Works...
We had 4 Cleaning appointments cancel today...Good For you - Anyone need a cleaning TODAY? Call us 303 975 6987
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there; have a great day!
Hey, sugar muffin!
Ha! At least you two don't share one, a la Mat Gamel and his wife.
you see blake and kris look a like lol
NewMusic Seminar Only 5 days left until NMS takes over NYC!!! Who is coming to the event next week?!?
Bad girls club is what's up
Happy Thanksgiving to all our US friends! Hope you all have a great day :)
Watching nerd prom
I Might Sale My Windows phone.
i'm so super excited! and yes i definitely will :) i'll be doing a livestream from my phone when i get to the concert &
#FridayListens: Chugging into Disc 12 of 13 on the immensely fab READY PLAYER ONE by & read by
BITCHES WILL DIE *pulls out gun*
so what's up with the DC CashMob?
Sometimes you gotta loose till you win
« #iHateHowSomePeople Can't admit when their wrong ...»
its 8:00am do you think I work the night shift or somthing,not at the moment but later today yes
Havent been this sick in a long time :(
4.1 gpa isn't good compared to number one in my grade -_- you're Asian.... So you're smart too
can you let us know when the #SWMilwaukee site is backup!
Thank you!!
I forgot to do my English essay /:
i love you pretty girl :)
no thank u
Don't ever date your best friend. Big mistake ever. take it from me, you guys.
Love you
Watching MONTY MOOSE yes...Narrative for Alaska animal show and then special on Iditarod races and the sled dogs.
i now ur right now all he does is with selena gomez all the time
Got my license this morning. Been driving for a year and finally took the test. Lol. Procrastinators untie! Tomorrow.
I can finally check "begin watching Community" off my to-do list!
she had so much trouble getting around for a while.
I feel like randomly doing a shoutout. Follow and . Do it :)
do you have a video or a recording of you singing? (:
We do not have a policy on archiving convention papers, since we no longer keep copies of accepted papers.
Don't wear a bow tie if you can't work it like I do. ;~)
be sure to watch tonight! Marty and my duet for Jose and Comfort has got soul!
agreed. It is not easy
Know I need to b sleep.
Site went back up a few hours ago!
Heat is whooping indiana's asses
what are you doing ron ron?
Girls with British accents are so effing cute.
Will do! RT : We Producers from Philly. If you are looking for Beats. Hit us -
It's official! Our new E.P. "Dirty Little Things" is on itunes! #yougetpointsif you check it out! Much love!
Well, I'll buy a song on the PC on iTunes and then I pick up my iPhone and it wants the password.
Three fucking games?!
God morning!
Woop! J'ADORE to the hilt :)
Sleep and I never meet.
Tonight we toast to the sincere (perhaps desperate) hope that tonight's rain will be warm like bathwater and melt all the ugly brown snow.
Fish is the only food that is considered spoiled once it smells like what it is. ~P. J. O'Rourke
TX for the nice note ! You have tons of talent w/both your photography AND marketing, and your business will soar!
Say what? RT : CEO of NYT just got exit package worth $23 million. The company's earnings over the past 4 years were $3 million
Thanks for coming!!! RT I'm at Comic Strip Live (1568 Second Ave, btw East 81st and 82nd, New York)
yup, I didn't wanna like it lol. Next is "Once Upon a Time..."
Thanks! My feet hurt, but it was a fun day in a GREAT city! :-)
Tomorrow at 12:00 How to Build "To Go" and "Shelter in Place" kits in the Kyle Morrow room
Lovin the Weather
Nations tell EU: practice the austerity you preach
Little known fact about ne... I LOVE scary shows & movies. Any ghost hunting show is my favourite show to watch! I really want to go on one
lol at my retarded spelling today! I couldnt even spell remember! and i was just thinking back to the hair salon girl haa
Not yet. And, it's raining. Mom won't go out in the rain. But I think it's going to clear off for the afternoon. It better!
This week's #phillyhunt prize will be a set of iBeats headphones and the question is coming at 12:30pm. Review the clue and get ready!
lol RT : Just saw a Celtics fan blame the team's struggles on the players' overconfidence. Wonder where they got it from.
Today is gonna be the longest day
Amen... RT : RT : Don't get worn out by your troubles, wear the devil out with your praise!
sorry if anyone finds that offensive. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
": Every female should be sucking some dick tonight" not every females does that.........
Wow...I forgot what a hard #workout #pilates is...I haven't done it in 3 years since my surgery...I feel great, though...
Went to the dentist just got back rlly early and i dnt gotta go to school yaaayyyayayay
but they do so so snappily!
#RufusKing: “and thus in our Construction of penal Law all ambiguities in wh. are construed on the side of Liberty & mercy.” [Blackstone]
Hair trimmed (not too short), good food to bbq later, found 's flat iron for $20, and starting to plan my bday!
No - I'm going catch up with the whole show on DVD
Thank you Bodog and Duke. Won money in a bracket buster on Bodog, forgot I even played with all the top teams busted.
I got a spot way past u!
If we brought kirko bangz to perform who will come????
I would be much more interested in a Rosenbaumfest.
yeah those make sense and are definitely convenient
Thomas Crum: What would it be like if you lived each day, each breath, as a work of art in progress?
no, no spiel on fb pages but looking forward to hearing it!
Oh, I agree! & I think this storyline is excellent drama. Far better than endless "Saint Jason."
Gremlin Media Sept 2010-Sept 2011 RIP
A relationship is not based on the lenght of time u have spent together, its based on the foundation you've built together
OY. Poor kids and poor mama.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool you aren't cool. Sit the fuck down. Wtf is this. I'm gonna fail. I hate people. This place is shit. This work is shit
Pulp Fiction: Because it gives people who are extremely high the sensation of watching a good movie, except you can follow it while high.
Lmao I think that was that bitch in the background
It's a phishing scam. Do not give your username or password!!!
Remember he was a mere senator then, he makes 68k more now.....lol
Lmao I wish she would do something with her ghetto ass. I got a glock POP POP Lmao
Be awesome to team up for the next Looking to benefit Seattle food banks.
You're still doing better than me. When I get bangs, I look like a french poodle.
oh god should I know who this Rahul is?
“Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.”
Welcome to Twitter!
His rankings are based off of #BroussardSources RT Cleveland has there worst week yet and is in the top ten now?
Oy. So when reading for work on an ereader, check length in advance in case, you know, the novel it turns out to be 1042 pages long.
#productiveSaturday and #productiveSunday ... break is winding down, almost time to head back to - #gameface until finals r over
did you really?? Didn't get the message ha and I'm almost positive she will!!
aight I got you Katie
Feel like I got rocked #OutKO!
Happy Halloween everyone!
what an awful day today!! how's everyone staying warm and dry?
welcome to twitter! Think you can keep up with ?
When you hungry at school hot cheetos taste heavenly!
Today in Buffalo sports history: In 1973, the Sabres played their first playoff game. Unfortunately, they lost 2-1 to Montreal!
Wow, now that's some strong wind! Feel like Dorothy in the Wizard of Oz.
Bitch, I'll never quit the Internet!
My head laid to God's Chest...#My Life is At Peace
RT I havent been this happy in a long time,
any UX training suggestions?
"I'm from the street. I'm from the street. That's where I'm from!" -Train Crazy
Family Reunion season is here - call us to book your event @ 505-296-4852
That sounds like a great Friday treat! ": The weekend came early... cherry chocolate scones. Yum!"
Q10: OK, time to brag a little. What's some of the best journalism you or your sites have done (share links!)
"Since I was 12 yrs old I was into the hip-hop movement. For several years I was 1 of the most notable “hip-hop’ers” from Oslo’s West side"
"Find yourself first, don't be no fool"- Jimi Hendrix in Message to Love
I love all of you and it's me and behind this.
Coming in town the Indianapolis Boat, Sport & Travel Show? Give us a call and ask for the Renfro Boat Show Rate 317-578-1200
Most eventful part of my day: watching my mom lose her shit when we realized it was indeed a mouse running around our feet at home depot
RT : Direct Labor Multiplier=net revenue/direct labor #HRSUMMIT2012 - measure this vs. utilization to grow Revenue
turntable->mixer->kaoss pad thru send channel->laptop running audiomulch (w/apc40 & foot controller mappings)->back to mixer
Airtight adorable?
Sorry, sweeties, but our crochet project has officially SOLD OUT! We hope you'll join us in March...because our project is gonna be CRAZY!
Something tells me that opening a #Shawarma cart in town would be a good move right about now.
Cubs and bulls = <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> let's go Hawks!!!
3 puerto rican chicks, bottle of ciroc, and a Hotel Suite....
“: you go girl! Congrats on the Blood Ties film booking!” Thank you!!!
Hi Harrison , feel free to connect w/ happy customers &
which one the contested layup out of the post up? Maaaannnn f that LeBrick's gotta make at least 1.
Made routes wit Mel yesterday, I can learn alot from him thats my dude!
Haha, well let's just pack up and go to Birmingham right now then!! But for real, we do need a date night soon!!
Any sort of tentative beer menu?
glad i never did cocaine...i'd be the worlds worst
Going to school on a Saturday morning to get ready for AP CA exam.
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself
#raw10 i dated a woman who had hair on her legs. it was sexy until we were rubbin legs n bed. it felt Gay!
Steve Lavin just arrived at Baruch for the Big Apple HS Invitational
only 2.25 million--sounds like he lost indeed!! Gimme a f*cking break.
you sure about that???
Close round...Mayweather slightly...but really even round 4-3 Floyd
If you wanna know something, ask me. Don't assume. That's how drama starts
Tennis SFX up now in Sound Design, check it out on #productionvault!
That would be awesome, but I've already committed to teaching a class… Not sure I have the bandwidth atm to do another :(
2011 Beer sales down, with estimates showing U.S. shipments at their lowest since 2003 down 2.9 million barrels, or 1.4%, from 2010. LATimes
wtf is this bitch thinking ? Feeding her cheerios'
The world's a reflection of how children play.
every once in awhile i remember about twitter.
Spring sale is on 10am-6pm at our Camp Randall location. Stop by before the football game at 1pm!
I'm a Spurs fan.
WICKED GAMES .
#new #twitter #like <U+270C>
Ak! Forgot it's a holiday weekend in #Tijuana :( traffic looks aweful driving downhill to the border
religious African-Americans
that awkard when a ugly girl sound fine as hell on the phone
How can we expect others to see value in us if we do not? How can we expect others to love us if we don't love and respect others like us?
when is it
I decided Jameson's was made for times like these. I left the fancy stuff for a more celebratory occasion.
how did she pass away <U+E413>?
Does everyone have their tickets? You know he is on tour. Take some time to feel the magic.
Talk about a reality Show! last nite I went to dinner with my parents! and you would not believe the exp if I told it! I will try,CRAZYSTUFF
swallow my words, taste my thoughts
Off to Taylor and Josh's wedding!
Every damn day on the way home (G8 GT driver).
Working on tomorrow's radio playlist.
Looking for a reason to go out tonight, here's two. BOGO K9 cruiser and Brawler Pale Ale pints from 9-close!!
Um so I lost Ms. Cleo. I left her in the bathroom after her bath and when we got home that night she was gone!!! The crab hunt begins...
Old Travesty
i hope that chooses me to have a #GladeParty so i can share a smell-good house with friends and family!!
Jesus is literally everything . Why cant my mind or heart comprehend this ... i guess thats why its a constant war . Flesh vs Spirit
"You don't know true love until you wipe someones butt."
only to those who do not want to accept it.
Great Kickoff Meeting today - looking forward to the next year together!
My grandmother is telling me that liquor isn't good for me... She thinks I drink too much
I can see you starting to break..
Just leave me alone for once
No sight of any type of life here, let alone aaron.
The old 98.7 Kiss FM becomes "With The Kiss" FM as ESPN New York takes over the FM signal. 2 bad Bill Raftery doesn't tweet
- you are welcome John.
Ops missed to say 2 of 2 in last tweet #atxgov #atxcouncil I guess that means now 3 of 2
I have! But don't tell anyone because I'm a guy.
no please!
I can't say my life is awful without you in it, but I can't say it's perfect either.
#Messiisgoodbut I didn't get that big raise at the office.
RT Blitz or play coverage? - gotta blitz the now gimpy Vick.
Japan is so advanced they're working on the world's largest microwave.
Nothing like following a guy in a parking lot to get his parking space only to realize he doesn't remember where he parked .
You say your multi-talented.. being two-faced doesn't count.
Glad them tigers got rid of that losing streak
Happy Birthday!!! I hope you had a great day! :D
I am thoroughly impressed with this halftime show, and I've seen every #SuperBowl for the past 20 years.
made the switch
Don't give up on love, because there is always someone who loves you... even if it's not the person you were hoping for.
Can anyone suggest the best blogs to learn about advances in corporate wellness?
The Colfax 5K benefits - and they help charities supporting the arts, youth, human services
Nothing is normal no more everything is so overrated
Lil man sleeping bout time !
Uh-oh...With and we ended up at Poto!
It's a soundtrack morning. Today: O Brother, Where Art Thou?
oh girl. i just turned 14 friday. but Happy early birthday!
Just watched the ledge.. Good movie . What would you do ?
Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :) 16
I am seriously troubled by the proposed rapid consolidation in the telecommunications marketplace. ~ Conrad Bums
Was she singing the whole time?
I've been talking to him for a really long time, and we've gotten REALLY close. I really like him, but he lives 2 hours away.
I need to talk with the person with the most power of this organization!
Tomorrow is my last club meeting as club president, treasurer, and secretary. I'm glad it is OVER! (:
You'll remember high school for your whole life, why make it hard on yourself?
“: That awkward moment when you make eye contact with someone while eating a banana..”
Tryna get a famous persons retweet
Watching Barnard commencement w/ Prez on MSNBC. Bet dad Mark Alan Siegel kvelling in audience, his daughter graduating today!
one of the many reasons that you are one of the people on Earth I admire most
I wonder who my students are thinking about as their political hero or hack for today. I predict at least one #stpattysday theme.
absolutely. Ok. Since I'm on the couch sick, I'll start the pin board. What to title it?
You've got 3days 2hours to figure out your plans before tips off against at 7:15pm ET on Thursday. What's it gonna be?
you don't fix it from the app...you log into the full webpage and change the password from there.
Practicing your facial expressions before going on stage.
CBS gave away a Denver game at the height of Tebow-mania? Someone's ass is going to get kicked there!
hmm, I suddenly love tuna fish again?! I must be old.
First day of training for the half marathon, and I'm on my couch with red wine and a romance novel. This will go well.
since when do you have a twitter?!?!
I got top ten at least
Love doing nothing on
At least the Bills looked like a football team again. Now if they can just relearn how to win like a football team.
OMG i gotta go see Dark Shadows !!!
S/O to , my 800th follower.
When youre disorganized, you never find what you're looking for but you do find what you were looking for a week ago
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers in the world...our job is not easy, but always in demand...:)
Its a lot of stress to have to worry about people. Its not easy to deal with,I never want to know what those things feel like
nothing like a petty dictator trying to stress the freedom of his fiefdom by making his children buy into his ignorant beliefs.
Are you at the #JDRF walk here in #clt this am? Would love to say hi & welcome you to #clt!
Sometimes all the alcohol in the world won't cure the horny.
And we do Wine Flights under $15 on Tuesdays!!!!
I pretty much love everybody right now
Damn...still up...I got on my mind. I love my baby so much...
Wow, The #WalkingDead redeemed itself tonight.
This just happened with Mary J? Perhaps both promised burger dream sequences.
I'm sorry, don't know how I never see this until now. :-/ You can always contact us at
I do, I just want more haha
2 chicken pattie sandwiches and huge ass pile of potato stix.
congratulations!!! You are awesome! So proud of you :)
Time to get it! Get that Thursday #hustle on and get on the #water tomorrow evening!
You're so pathetic that its annoying
shout out to for always retweeting me!
Talking about registration
its said I have the craziest shoegame EVer....
Just got dropped off at Bazil's #Hostel in Westport #NewZealand by the Jet boating tomorrow!
the race you are regardless of what transpires in it why live being this race?
Im a Tortilla Coast and is at Tortilla Cafe..we were SUPPOSSED to be having lunch together...
burp spicy??? very interesting I don't think my pallet is sophisticated enough for this beer
I wanna dance , I wanna love , I wanna dance again <3
He's already said he'd have serious reservations about that. He stands by his principles. We'll see what happens. :)
- imma show you how to make your man say oh [;
Is anyone within the sound of our tweets in #Houston and #drupal proficient? If so, would love to talk to you. Please RT!
Djing farbar solo tonight. The subs from moca r pumping ridiculous bass. hard to mix when all I hear is woooomp wooomp wooomp
Dinner with and #candlelightdiner :)
My girlfriend>>>> your girlfriend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
oh wow!! I'm gonna have to check that out.
sleeping eyes
That's a popular shirt and I've never heard of or scene one w what you said on it.
Fabulous turnout for Future of Law Part II today - thanks to all our participants & audience.
Join for a free #wine tasting today from 5-8:30pm @ Montage Wine Bar & Tasting Room. 304 Liberty St., Morris, IL, 60450
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 34
I'm at West Lawn , using their wi-fi to download apps onto new Android tablet, *This* is why we should support libraries..
Have a glass of wine and let go.
New KoRn and Paul Wall rock!
Is it necessary 2 have a prophetic voice in ur life? One ordained 2 be the undershepherd 2 help lead & show u the way? Yes!! Roman 10:14
got 10 out of 11 in 5x5 snake. Who should I be targeting w/ my 1-2 pick?
sounding so good!
game cube. Nintendo FTW!!
We have a beautiful & yummy surprise for one of our YES Abroad students whose birthday it is today. Can't wait to meet her at orientation!
well obviously ur invited ur my
wouldn't improve the life of some people I know that's for sure.
Up bright & early for a class that means nothing anymore bc we are done. Hy make us come here?
Strike three - the bartender didn't know union jack was Firestone walkers IPA
Morning All :-) feel great today!
I love Bob Marley!! .his songs are so peaceful ..
Hey dumbass , the point was making is valid. Balt didnt make all those moves from 1 game
This is the way the world ends This is the way the world ends This is the way the world ends Not with a bang but a whimper.
A limbeck tshirt is appropriate for all occasions.
how does downtown Tokyo stack up to Times Square NYC
Nothing at all. You still listen to patrick?
Oh, if I could have a Starbucks Office - Heaven.
Coraggio, tutti! It's Audition Week at Mt. Vernon Place.
It's cool. I'm really busy so its going to be a couple of weeks before I can get the verse to u. I'm in the middle of some promo.
Beautiful morning in laguna beach!
lol I will do just that
My area code spells out VIP. TSM.
whats that supposed to mean
Take for your star self-reliance, faith, honesty and industry
Plodder at work. Bam Morris...
Sir Arthur Stanley Eddington~ Every body continues in its state of rest or uniform motion in a straight line except insofar as it doesnt.
thank you Justin <3
Twitter is one more argument against silent letters in English words.
Who else has been watching the Chad Ochocinco dating show? These girls are stupid! He can't seriously be attracted to them!
it's okay. that's why i have small children.
S/O for havin some gorgeous eyes :-)
we can offer 2 complimentary tickets to our NYE event for followers! LV #charity benefit
The grass is always greener where the dogs are shitting. Blasting some Soundgarden while driving through Montana.
Pete Campbell...you have a dirty mind!
Happy place. Happy place. Happy place.
thank you.
me too, i miss my used to be</3
oh. we've been tweeting a stranger. this makes more sense.
which day are you going?
I say both actually /: get floyd and TO
Had a great day yesterday with Lacy Edwards the love of my life!
Wait, what? I assumed T-dog and Tyresse were supposed to be kind of parallel.
It's already Thursday morning. Good morning. Not sure that I'm ready. Make it a great day!
I'm really excited my Dad is coming in today and I'm introducing him to my love.
Met many interesting art collectors & gallerists during trip 2 Palm Beach this week. Most favor contemporary + trying to pick next big thing
thank you
Bird's are chirping and I don't need my winter coat?! Is spring really here??
my lunch just filled me up...i mean all the way UP!!
Haha same to you. No idea!
another great place for happy hour is inside Ivars in bar area awesome food great prices!
I had the pleasure of presenting the Dan and Cathy Leab Award at AMIA today to Charles Hopkings, long time UCLA film archivist. Go Charles!
Good stuff! I just voted for TROUBLE TIMES THREE.
RT : A giant victory for working class Americans tonight. We will not go down without a fight.
PS3 Motion Controller? I'm not sure copying the success of the Wii is the right thing to do. Just PLEASE don't ditch the Sixaxis..EVER!
Andalus Miami is new. Spanish tapas in the old Pacific Time location. Fratelli is a good bet for a larger party, too.
i resolved my feelings because I cdn't live in fear, things flow into life & out of it, everythig in motion, give,get,give,get
Still trucking along at 5 am. Need to finish this study guide by 6 to fall in line with my schedule for an hr nap.
..she's a cutie. like that plum color dress! Definitely gonna be a #BKBabe when she gets older...hahaha. <3
ATTENTION: w/ "ice-rink" conditions we'll be canceling classes tonight / watch #codeorangerevival elevationnetwork.com 4pm PST
Does anybody know where the truck is?
#BGC Dam that looks like 1 mess of a reunion! And I am totally upset Perez isn't hosting it!
sigh! Wish I was there!“: Breaking news- Ben Mankiewicz to introduce Citizen Kane March 9th at Hearst Castle Visitors Center”
GM! I'm sippin me some coffee thinking about where I'm watching the Super Bowl at....
:) where do u work?
I called two incorrect numbers for editors from Can you help? :)
@ virtue social media summit, las Vegas - Reggie Bradford, CEO & Brian Solis keynotes.
p meeting... Allot of creativity in the Room.. #jellovideo CHEAY
are you the one with the 'secret' blog? The one that gets lots of traffic, but no one knows it's you?
We maybe seeing more than one #Pettite performance in #ROC at this rate.
The most sensitive cluster of nerves is at the base of the spine.
Learning film theory at nho today. #awesome!
#civilwar quote of day. Confederate woman. House pillaged by yanks. 'our clothes were used for the vilest purposes'
that's when I swerve out and cut in front of that bitch XD
fever claim you too lol
Because I have a sailor mouth
President Obama visited this past weekend; he picked up several books, including ROOM!
we can rent a penthouse with the money from our nonexistent summer jobs
paul pierce scares the shit out if me in this 4th quarter...he has a history of big 4th quarters against my Hawks
Um any time after 3 on Tuesday works, and maybe some time on Wednesday. It really depends how moving out goes.
Glad you found our snake ID site helpful!
#RealFriends dont judge whatever it is you do and fully supports u
Awesome quote: “: The young man knows the rules but the old man knows the exceptions." - Oliver Wendell
Struggled to get 5+ miles this morning after last night's hill run.
Happy Friday! Gorgeous, sensational weather in Austin today! Now I just need to get outside and enjoy it.
srsly, where do you work?
Got no ID
I dunno dude....still possible.
This is the first NBA game I have cared about in years. Go Dirk and the Mavs. Lebron the coward never deserves a championship.
well, rules are necessary. But we'll see what happens in.... 25 days now? I would love to be fucked by both of you ;) you ...
in da A-town is where u can find me
Getting ready for the long weekend and the #JacobFestival this July! #HappyFriday!
HW shutter button. FTW!
I see ya looking , wit ya looking ass <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
If u can't get someone outta your head maybe there suppose to be there
my insane clumsy day was yesterday! A nap helps reset hand/eye coordination. ;-)
Whenever I start to miss you, I remind myself of the bitch you are and why I made this decision.
we did it! Way to go D!
Kagifa Krink who in the world is she?
Driver is hiring Tonya Harding's brother to improve his odds.
I think it could work if he writes something like Gosford Park for them. One weekend of murder and sex. I'd go see it.
you are more ... Baby I need you to forge same for me
Just printed out my boarding pass. Looking forward to speaking at #IHRIMConf tomorrow!
“: How many innings was the longest game in Mets history? We are also looking for the date and the opponent.” Mets v Cardinals 9/11/74
Just ran into Papa Hill here at the RG!
I could be playing QB right now!
lmao challenge accepted
haha, yeah, forever the sweetest couple. ;')
and it seems that SII is getting ICS imminently... I see it's rolling out overseas.
haha we had like 4 days! get it this summer
The enterprise is a social network - just not one based on friendship.
I am honored that I am being followed by the bad assedness of all that is: Was great to see you too man
Swoon tonight? I Think so.
gotta learn a bunch of no doubt songs by the end of september...
We have added fresh cuts of Purple Trainwreck, ChemDawg#4, Shiva Skunk, and Island Sweet Berry to our shelves, the shelves are full.
Great feature in Masable today! I work for so we love your article!
We'll see you there! We can't wait to have fun while helping out a great cause: #toysfortots!
lemme know if you need a mixer on that record.
Thanks for the promo babez!
If Chief Teare doesn't make it to May 1, he gets nothing. Has to be in the deferred retirement program for a minimum of 3 years to get paid
Feature on a teacher in Detroit on NBC Today show check it out
Freaking rain.
No ABDC taping for me :(
I love u baby!
Leaving a fab meeting with the team, inc I'm delighted to publicize their centennial benefit dinner on June 4.
ugh. the yelp logo. ugh.
if you don't think before you speak because you can use that as an excuse I can certainly respect that.
thank you
is going CRAZY!!! I've never seen her like this lol (:
It's really quiet in the office. Plotting on how to shake things up. My current ideas will probably get me booted out.
Yes midnight in Paris!
but he's so cute!!! I'll work on it though hahaha
Worst part of a delayed long flight? Haven't even taken off and my back hurts from sitting in this seat for over an hour and a half!
That's exciting news! Where!?!?
nice...when I get back to the states...I'll get some new Giants gear...its baseball season here in Korea....Yankees gear!
hahaha you better get that fixed hahah!! aw chasity take it to a phone place lol
hell yeah and college together!
Dear Girls: #FACT You can lose up to 20 Lbs in 1 month using this one odd trick WITHOUT diet or exercise
Mineral Point shortstop Logan Benish with a leaping grab to save at least one run. Two outs in Fennimore seventh.
somthing is wrong with my bra
don't think so sunshine
I washed my Bradshaw jersey in preparation for today's game. I have a feeling this won't be our last game of the season.
the treasure is you!!! Xo
Former PennSt. player supporting team at next game: "It's for the kids that have to go out there on Saturday." What a piece of shit scumbag.
Im honored to create the great Muppet!
For the next 54 minutes swing by Tipsys Liquor World and get the deal shown here: Build your own Mondays!
Thanks Doc! The blog was getting a bit too heavy... a little digression that was actually fun.
Tebow on jets and manning in Denver gon be a interesting season
thats right. I guess I'll just tell you when you come by tomorrow. What time you get off?
Is it bad that I rearranged my room just because I needed a better space to keep all my alcohol?
Just like Tiger, those who transgess the law need to apologize to family, friends, colleagues, employees and everyone who loves and supp ...
Chocolate chess pie w/ blood orange, olive oil & sea salt at Sorry no picture..ate it too fast! Yum
If you been feelin tired try drinkin more water you may be dehydrated and not even know it sip water throughout da day its good for you]]]]]
Focus Magazine would like to know: Who do you think are the best fine #art #photographers living today?
tired of paying Braddock's salary
awk that was supposed to say the names megan.
I Really Need NEW Friends.
you're the cutest. Sexiest. Blackest homo on twitter
Just completed a day of training with a pro sports team. Terrific bunch of guys. Email if we can help u/your team!
I'd like to try and make it!!!
I want some Tommy's .-. <3
so am I, just by different methods and philosophies.
no. I'm out of town Sun., and Tues. is bad too. Yest., today, or Mon. would have all worked. My early req. form is ignored
#5 Luey V F/ Klazik "shoulda coulda woulda" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net
omg your so cute!:3
well.then have fun with that,ha
bad bitch.
nah im good
AHAHAH I LOVE YOU
Likely because by the time you joined the original listing tweet was replaced by a new one. You can reply to new one?
Phone about to go on SILENT AND MY EYES ARE ABOUT TO CLOSE -Same As SHIT)
shieeet now I'm bout to watch it!
What do you prefer? Graphic image or photo image used for profile image on Twitter? I like a picture.
I was a moderator for a casting notice service where I doubled the membership to over 9,000 subscribers (advertising auditions, roles, etc)
Did you get $50mil for it?! Just finished your first book, btw, excellent read!!!
Dnt think about it..BE about it
Where is everyone watching the butler game?
Happy Birthday enjoy even tho its raining outside don't let it mess up yo day
Haha! RT : My #sources tell me that Henson had no pain while clapping sarcastically in an opponent's face. He's good to go.”
You ever talkin to your former flyer teammates
- Thanks for the follow and Don't Forget the Sunscreen
I lost my W-2 from work and I'm trying to do my taxes.. What's your deal?
Great day w/ my Mum! And tomorrow, it's off to NY to spend a couple of weeks & then to London and Florence! :) Cannot wait to see my Dad! xo
" No matter where I go, what I do, it sucks 'cause I want to be with you "
RT : Monday is so far from Friday, but Friday is so close to Monday. Lol.
We had such a great weekend at RABC! Remember the victory. Thank you for having us! Hope to see you all soon! "Is this yours?" << Gotcha
Has been stopped crying over yesterday's upsets yet?
Alan, sorry, just saw your Tweet. I hope you found the courtroom.
When Jeniffer's only a knock away >>>
Tweeting is akwk, at least my birthday is this weekend ,
Happy birthday
last day interning at mom & pop talent agency in Hollywood. learned quite a bit in a year. thinkin i'll check out producing internships next
The only thing worse than seeing evil in the fundamentals of humanity is taking joy in that assumption.
Hey, I'm always here in case you need help binging something ;-)
when you don't want it, the car gets towed. When you call to get it towed, takes hours......smh
you're the only one i didn't see last weekend =( miss you <3
Why, thank you!
Congratulations to the team behind on winning the top awards 2011!
try and ask for more info on the open call!
What? Serriously. They dont think he is weird? Have you seen his videos were he wears make up and play with knives?
Damn. Just realized a book I picked up @ the library sale is part of a series. Guess I should stop now that I'm only on page 3, huh?
: the strength of public and academic institutions lies in the goodwill of their users and collaborators.
Mark your calendars: Aug 6 is #music #minneapolis New album is out in June.
Yeah, I liked you, but those feelings changed.
I love Astro. Way to pick a winner@ so talented. RT : Are you enjoying the show????
Thanks for the mention! You can always write me at and let me know what you like and don't like.
The Bolt Bus is calling your name...
First I have to know. Can you really sing?
also, why are girls sluts for having sex? guys have just as much sex but they get praised for it, and girls get put down.
Dairy allergic daughter eaten dinner rolls past 4 yrs. We love! New Package- contains dairy. Why? Her breakfast - gone. Sad!
Guy chucks more than P Willy
But making a password?! I think it's scummy because I'll log in with twitter to AVOID yet another password.
ya. $10 is cheap for an event. I would just feel weird registering & not finishing. Would that be my first DNF?
Tonight's the kind of night I miss
Bill & I LOVED visiting Tybee Island...very special place for me.
4 real twitter won't let me u guess once u get 2 a certain number of follows mine will only let me follow ppl who follow me
thanks and ditto
jealousy doesn't look good on anyone! ;-)
Stepping out of my grilled chicken comfort zone. Attempting to be a chef tonight.
thanks Trish :) we are at summerstage on this Saturday July 23rd. :)
A Messge of Hope Cancer Fund Benefit and Auction Gala May 7th 2011, 7pm to 12am. Register or donate at www.amessageofhopecf.org
First shot of the day. I love toothbrushes!
ask him how his day was he hates when fans spam him like talk about a different subject instead of saying follow me all the time
Omg wen did I reach 900 followers!!! Thnx so much but I'm bout to do #followbacks and give my 900th follower a S/O
A good leader develops new leaders.
u want and i want and god do what he want ..:)
I'm getting bored with Deandre on American Idol
free food and booze at #skype party. RJD2, neon trees, + a few more :) wish you were here!!
My mama swear she funny .
Always quiet on New Years Day! Lazy day, football, family and good food! Happy New Year!
Tomorrow I will be co-hosting Founder Friday Los Angeles for I am so excited!! thank you :D
All things are difficult before they are easy.
#INeverThought i'd be the one to fall harder, to be the one still holding on, to be the one left cause I cared more.
"Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!" - Audrey Hepburn.
Great new issue. Some choice stuff for sure!
Merry Christmas everyone <3
well looks like i aint getin a webcam deal finally went thru
If u want ur tweets sent to my phone follow my personal kk?
Hundred grrrls running around screaming!
Building a form and I want to give the "value=" attribute values for text inputs. Can I do this in the #PyroCMS core contact form?
A COUPLE DAYS LEFT TILL MY BRO #SINCERELYTORY DROPPS GONNA BECRAZY
is Danielle going to move in with you?
yea! I was joking too
yea bc u messy!! Then u gotta tell everybody who won and demonstrate fight moves
I can't stop watching movies
We don't know what or said but we're saying YES! Hope to see you soon!
I have been good, just taking care of my little girl and working. How have u been? It's been too long!
Backlog of a 100 emails.. cleared!
is doing filmstuff.
what the f is the point of decaf coffee...
Having internationals as your closest friends is awesome...until they decide to leave :(
I mainly use it to post funny photos for coworkers.
I miss being all the way open for day games. I thought maybe today they'd leave my right panels retracted because Braun wasn't playing.
Watching it now!
What is everyone working on this week? As always, if you have any #PR questions let us know!
damn you, Hoarders on A&E and your evil, evil ALL DAY marathon! my life has practically been on hold for the past 12 hours.
Hiker survives in Utah desert for 4 days with no food after breaking leg - New York Daily News
On my way to ATT for Cal v OSU. Go Bears
RT She high-fives you after sex.
Hey wanna make my night and follow me? :) It's been a long day of recovering from the flu and I need a boost!
Anyone interested in a regular fact-checking side gig?
Yey I brought new earphones:)
Send some updated pics of the planes
Angling for a call-up? (Cld use him in bullpen) : Stay with it bobby Valentine I am in your corner big fan of you &the red sox
heeeyyy sweetheart! i am fine. Lately i've been more than busy so that's why i've not tweeted u often. srry. wbu?
Cover letter done -- until shreds it. Now, it's time for my first bloody mary of the summer. Beautiful day to have off
Dancers! What is the weirdest thing you keep in your dance bag? Tweet me in the next hour and I will FOLLOW you!
Should I get an eyebrow piercing or tongue? :oo I need help choosing one.
#ATTENTION EVERYONE! [[ Follow - to gain 100+ new followers easily + she has #EPIC tweets you all can relate too! ]
ask soper what time it was and he told me to get a watch
Sounds like you've become quite the groupie.
hey hey hey ! :D thank you !
I think I have to at this point! Btw watched Jon Lajoie on comedy central last night...hilarious man! That's my inspiration!
Ckb gets a lighting design nod for #woollyboise. Yea!
is there a chance of that happening? or is it just part of new employee orientation?
Dr. Harris is AMAZING!,..
i just cannot wrap my head around the psychoanalysis part of rubin's traffic in women
A handbag. E!
Thank you!
What's up J? How are you coping with the weather?
In the most magical place in the world!
Did you win the Real Milwaukee Makeover from , and ?! Watch Real Milwaukee tomorrow to find out!
maybe try pearescope. we'll push notify you only when you meet a friend of friend for the first time.
is your Gmail Valid
Justin Bieber Have Special ReletionShip With Vanessa Hudgents.:))y
TDD is valuable but dangerous. It is HARD to think of all the test cases and your code fits only the cases you think of. Just learned that.
Thank you beautiful <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> “: awesome avi!!”
You are most welcome! <U+263A>
And we are done. Texas bound tomorrow!
ECLISSE SYNTESIS® Ideal for those who love minimal interior design, the new Syntesis® collection by Eclisse includes sliding systems and
They're all going to die in there.
Smiles, sunshine and patios at apt138 and drink for $3
No I hadn't yet. Good grief.
NEW MIX coming though in about 10-20 min
Don't Mess With Texas! RT : heading out in a few minutes for #htx #bowl12. ready to kick ass and take names.
Dr. Alex! Thank you for a fabulous night x
it would be on a payton video haha all my friends were Talkin to her and I'm like yea bye lol
but I didnt know/forgot about Kony. Ps. This is also , twitter jail sucks
thanks for the follow!
Your mom is a "renewable energy source"!
Im doing really great now im talking to you ... Just taking it easy watching some baseball
No one ever says slacks anymore.
Letting Loose All Summer..
Can you pls follow us so we can follow up with you?
Isnt there still the main event tag match thing? This is gonna go waay overtime!
I try my best to let shit go...
i want you to know i will always be here for you, no matter where you decide to go or do, i will always be here to support you
But, if it were really that simple, none of us would have a weight problem, would we?
great! did you meet any new people? tell us about your experience! not sure i () personally got to connect with ya :(
Any good placenta recipes?
A2: Utilizing locally sourced foods not only creates the brightest flavors but allows us to support our community as well!
Back at work. I guess #BrewersFantasyCamp is truly over.
I'm yellin free V-Nasty
#BITCH,I know~! LMAO
we are getting pedis in your honor.
Want some Subway right now addicted to it buts its good for u. Up early today catching up on some MTV A.M. videos an ESPN
AWESOME :) Welcome to the community. Ping me if you need anything. So happy to see that edit! :D
When all this #Christmas madness is over.......I'm going to have me a white Russian. 2 more days of taking #pictures of
thx Sam! I have one for u to cross post for Friday ;) hope ur doin well chic...thinking of ya!
raging as always
Dear #Oomf ive seen your vagina so many times it doesnt even phase me.
Just got a spam email with the subject, "Penis 95% Success Rate."
My moufff still hurts.
Voted YES!!! Let's make this happen!
Great show #tonight super dancing by the fan club.
today is just a chill day i guess
ALL elevators should start playing music from the Twilight Zone as as you get into them.
what fake dog poo
And Baron Davis is on the end that bench...7 straight
lol again nailed. Ouch you guys are very transparent. I don't think you are being paid to be. ,)
Agreed. Stomach totally turned when I saw it.
I'm in need of a minor miracle. Is there an office I can submit for a miracle locally?
thanks guys 4 da shout out! We're the experts in small clothing mfg 4 mom n pop boutiques-made in America..lives!!!
Look at meme trackers to see what ideas are spreading
RT : I ate far too much at Kaiser's today. And, judging by my waistline, all of my life leading up to Kaiser's, too.
this is gonna b the LONGEST #6DAYS OF MY LIFE!! #excited #boyfriend follow?!
“: A lot of females wanna be in a relationship so bad that they end up with Mr. Player, Mr. Wrong, and Mr. Ain't Shit.”<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
Thanks for the #branding yourself workshop! I'm motivated and confident to apply for jobs!
do you think more teams should rest their starter and let backup get reps in 3 score games? Amazed they keep starting qbs in.
- Good luck & best wishes - we'll look forward to working with you in new role
T-minus 3 weeks until application deadline! Congrats to partner cloud for an incredible NEW class
Minor setback for a major comeback!
yes, upscale dress code will be in full effect! its a NEW YEAR! 2011 is over!!!!
Bored this weekend is gonna suck
They're so good!
The sad thing is, there are such talented people on Broadway I'm sure but it's soo expensive. What happened to film musicals y'know?
well try to find the door, then walk out and WALLA!! your OUT...
No, lots of ppl use kids as weapons. If they don't have that, they will use something else. Like a dog.
IHOP With Grandma..Nice :)
Blonde Assassin lives to see another day!
I'm with ;) #straightboy ?
#SUPER PRODUCER HARD @ WORK!
One lesson. Do not rush into relationships.
Aight, in on my way.
Dear Austin Mahone, would you be my valentine? Fuck. I hate to wake up from dreams.
Walking in downtown Palo Alto to to get pumped up on the way to work!
I'm so stressed out. Can't wait until tonight!
I'm great! Just hanging out with my family today! I'm about to walk to the ice cream shop with Kayleigh!
Louisiana's crowned King of Seafood had to doff his chef's hat to a colleague from Alabama.
I know the meaning of life it's hockey or maybe football ;)
A referral a day keeps the doctor away ;-)
This, too, shall pass.
Also-Looking fwd 2 Tweeting #Happiair Twitter party TONIGHT 7pm central w/ &
Girl 1:"nice wheels" Girl 2:"nice shirt" Girl 3:"nice light" Girl 4(screaming): YOU'RE REALLY HOT!" random cars full of girls make me laugh
NOT ME :D
Yo I've been wanting to hit up fort worth. Hopefully soon to check out
: Amy Adams has been cast as The Baker's Wife in the Public Theater's production of Into the Woods in NYC this summer
boys boys boys WE LOVE THEM WE LOVE THEM
cuh tell Auntie i said happy mothers day
Hopefully next year will be different and he'll be more comfortable, and people won't be so quick to attack him.
Bloody Brunch's 1st of two summer tweetups will be at 's fabulous patio! Check out today's for an amazing deal!
do you have 3 tickets?
boom. Win
Why is this prosecutor acting like this is her Oscar acceptance speech? Disgusting
It's pool & flip flops time.
everyone needs that friend that can tell you straight, "oh boy, snap the fuck out of it!" so glad i have one.
Two things: They're are free pancakes in 604, second I need some hockey tickets for tonight. Thanks :)
Student and teacher emotionally literacy! Huzzah. Typing this on my old Dell D610 running Ubuntu 12.04. Great to hear from U
house party at Emily's tonight
good morning, how's your week going?
ABORT MISSION. ABORT IT. ABORT.
Thank you for what you are doing to honor our nation's heroes.
Not this season.
Your new profile pic looks AWESOME:)
No one seems to care for it when I call them boss, especially my boss.
Up early for a change!
Yeah you're beautiful, but I won't sweat you because there is billions of other women!
love is the answer to all ur questions, go ahead and test it out and prove me right
I'm cleaning these skeletons out my closet tonight...
what you talking bout lol im over dee house right now
Zombie turtles for life
you want to experience the hug train, admit it
Observation would indicate that the children do not always exercise the best judgment in the selection of their food in the cafeteria [1944]
Hear me you never gets old.
Yes, quite. RT Friends session more than a bit amazing. Also, Samantha and Lesley...
One waft of McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee and you will be lost in a daze of warm deliciousness!
It goes down tonight Come get it in with the Brass-A-Holics...you know how we bring that intoxicating sound...GET IN THERE!
tomorrow you finally join the 22 club :)
“: Meet & skeet at jugrnaut in cHicago today be tHere!!!!!!” yall better go!!!!!
“: I just texted her about u too hmm”lol what you say.??
If I've learned anything this semester, it's that West Memphis isn't that bad. (Fuck Beebe.)
Thanks for coming to our December Tail Date! It was so fun! Great photos!
Here they are...the 2 Broke Girls. How about some cupcakes for the audience?
Think positive. Thats all you have to do.
that one sided shit.. forget them
One has to understand the entertainment required in the event.
Listening to VC who funded a project for $15 million give advice to #lawstudents about the viability of their project.
Of course. What's the name on the reservation?
yet.. could get Stephen Hill/Alshon Jeffery at 37. Richardson opens the field. Little could make a jump from last season.
Well time for me to hit the sheets good night my loves blessed dreams!
I love that I can sleep & wake up with the windows open, feeling the crisp breeze. Happy Sunday!! :)
digesting tofu in the dimmer light of our dining room. Just skyped with Emily in Mexico City for her birthday
I want to blast my music and clean my room... Odd.
Until you make peace with who you truly are, you will never know what you are meant to become...
I can keep a secret if you can keep me guessing
text me purty girl(:
"When you think nothing but negative thoughts about yourself, it is impossible to appreciate positive traits and attributes in others."
sorry so late, got pulled away for awhile. But you are welcome! It is so true. Most do not do that & they really miss out.
But I only want to be an asshole on twitter! Really! :-)
I'm ready to graduate already.
Hey man, and myself run shows in Abq and can help you set a show
I have an idea about your situation
bobby flay-o-fish
I ain't never been scared to #whip out
Or Worse..... Pittsburgh. RT : Josh Beckett doesn't care. So how about not caring in Kansas City?
My husband is a faithful bus rider and has encountered the same thing on a number of occasions!
Spiders are in full-on invasion mode at my house
Bad call.
"You have to blame the players" said Jim Rice at Fenway for Globe Insiders event.
Performances getting underway at Capitol rally ... Revving up crowd w/ now- familiar tune: This is what democracy looks like
when someone steals your jokes..
We had a great time there! We are looking to come back soon!
I'm the ghost with the most, babe.
Great news: I've finally recovered from the weekend. (It's Thursday.)
Good times
I love you. I will have to talk to you later. Try and get on facebook in about 2 hours if you can?
That is just absolutely a great idea...Fritz Pastry as new end point for fitness fanatics!!
Google opens BigQuery cloud analytics to all
can't believe freshman years almost over
So happy to have you in Green Bay. This is gonna be a great season!
Dang, can I use this line....I'll pay you ;)
Also, the tenor in this hizzy is a dead ringer for
Don't even care no more
This is an unbelievable offer. You pay $2 and you get $10 worth at Copper Gable Cafe in Madison. Only through www.dealoria.com
rehearsal was kick ass today, I smell a live show brewing...
I had a work cell phone in 1990. The 5 pound battery pack was connected to the phone . It looked like I was carrying a big black brick!
I wanna go out and play in the snow.
lots to do and so ready to do it!
#mobileappsxsw &tmobileapphackathon starting in 45 min room 2 1st floor. First come, first serve ^MB
Watching segment on Fifty Shades of Grey with a very uncomfortable gramma in the Toyota waiting room.
MADISON. why was 6 afraid of 7? (;
#Firefox 11 is still acting weird with view page source (on html files). Keeps returning the pre-auth version of a page I'm logged into.
boom! busted! tell ya what, sometime soon I will come visit and we can go. Had no idea you were that close!
Oh to see in my mentionss
So who thinks Paul Martin should be benched for game 4?
Just spent an hour listening to our students talk about what they think about the courses. Kill me now.
Why did I decide to soak my hair in vinegar before I go out
Im getting that shirt! Well, whenever it become available online!
All I have to say is I feel sorry for you...
Tomorrow = pool + down the shore + music + dinner out... The perfect equation.
Great! Lets test it...
DYK? Barbara Jordan,1st Black person 2 deliver keynote address at the Democratic National Convention is a member of DST ..
got nothing
If this year I am to give my heart to a special young lady, she's going to get every inch of it!!! #ready to love
lol hell yeah, freddie gibbs sound like a deacon tho lol
Why is Joe Rogan famous?
MT : ... #GeekTrivia. A computer company called Pegasus dropped a few letters to became ASUS to appear higher up alphabetically
“: Desperately want to put my #dick in ;)” dayummm... Ok! ;) kik me! Same as twitter. Lol. ;P
yeah i wish he could see everyone of us
Mediation today. No time to tweet.
On my way to Milwaukee with Stop by and say hi.
is really excited by the new year buzz flowing around everyone
So much to do, little time tho
i'm proud of you...
follow his got all the moves and FOllOWERS to follow BACK
hail just took off paint from my railing. kinda an epic storm. stay safe people!!
For shame!
Well humbly, thanks...-BF
We LOVED your Oreo cheescake the other day!
i havnt heard turn to you yet.. its to loud in my house. lol but im getting nervous to listen to it!!
Sandless sandbags are for flood control,water diversion,leaks or spills. Protect critical infrastructure,home or business during floods
My Saturday ..... Wasted !
I pray God rocks your world with your inheritance!! You are SO loved. xx
Got you followed! From Karma.
Thanks for you reply. I tend to agree.
Hmm. The boys want to eat Golden Corral after wrestling weigh-ins.
Prater Cup- Crested Butte! Be there to see young Team Summit Colorado Alpine Racers tear it up!
#googleloudoun is starting in
I saw that. She is a freak athlete. You see the new TO videos? Hes in L.A. AP now.
#VMA s rocked last night :D Lady Gaga was epic, Lil Wayne scared me a lil bit. xD See what i did there?
Nicole atkins- maybe tonight
DailyHookahTip#117: Mix the Exotic Chocolate Mint #shisha with some milk in your water bowl, it tastes like ice cream.
The future is here.
is one of the funniest shows ever. Holy shit.
Haha! Thanks, but I used to be able to read +100pgs an hour while writing notes...I seem to be getting rusty! #PhDboast LOL
Alice In Staind
Happy New Year! Start your year off with fun & excitement @ The Monster Truck Show on Jan 7 & 8 @ Lazy E Arena! Lazye.com for more info!
Hi there jenflaks
Wish I could be there. Congratulations to you and Libby! : Looking forward to hooding my 2nd PhD graduate at #UAB tomorrow!
Really? Shouldn't you be worried about CL qualification on the 20th, Bayern, FUCK YES!
Can't believe the #Redsox season is over now, looked forward to every game all season no matter what!
": Laundry is the only thing that should be seperated by color."
You'll definitely be hearing from us!
cannot the city take and use medical cannabis $?
RT : My Loves remember our Lord is coming one day & we do not know when! Don't believe in 2012 or anything else. BELIEVE onl
Need to clean my room and do homework but don't feel like it ugh.
is listening to his Dad's weekly radio broadcast on WJYI 1340AM. Tune in and listen or call in for prayer (414) 799-1340
lol idk who sings it but it's an annoying song
Happy mother's day mommy<3
that sounds great! Can you email details to ?
I don't even know Marcus, don't even know
Everyday there are changes here at Watts. Some I can't talk about just yet, but we're so excited that I can't help but leak tidbits :)
Just added to the camp lineup is former Terp and Ravens cornerback Josh Wilson!
People in NY really need to learn how to be nice and not in such a rush all the time,lol
haha no im kidding
movie title ideas: ftw, there went everybody
#SanDiego peeps: what's the name of the / - type company based in San Diego???
I know what you mean. I'm brewing #tea strong and dark today!
: who would call plays if Cam left?
The life of a Beer Rep.Put in 8 hours, then head off to a "Mandatory" Brewery meeting. Followed by a 2 hr promo. 16 hrs of BS; Paid for 8.
these saints suspension messes up the #packers #smh. come on.
On now with !
My dad makes the best food.
Don't expect me to notice your alive when you cant even notice that I am.
:( Everyone wants football season... WE HAVEN'T EVEN HIT PLAYOFFS IN BBALL!? Wait til Saturday and then we'll talk. We'll see how Lakers do.
Just played travel guide for a couple visiting from Italy. They are going to see the best of now.
Anchorman just never gets old.
Bruce casually taking pics of the aftermath of last night
Flirt: A woman who thinks it's every man for herself
they match up better against the celtics. Younger and more athletic vs older broken down.
Hey I love y'all! I'm so happy!
Freedom, almost. Last undergraduate class TODAY :-) &I'm on vaca from work this week How's it feel?
News View, and weather is after the Champaign-Urbana Video, tonight at 10:30 PM on cable 6/99!
Beautiful day for a #grilledcheese Baltimore & Charles stop by for a Jalapeño Popper Grill or a Pulled Grill 11-2
I'm still laughing about our trip to coney. Your love for Detroit is unreal!
Things are busy these days but going great! Wish I was going to be watching the #Gators today in the Final Four. You?
Wanna go to the drake concert real bad.
didnt you ask for chrome extensions?
I have scored 4 points in a Team Deathmatch match in
you know the normal SCREAM !!!
Bought the garlic olive oil today in Eastern Market. Such a lovely store with amazing oils & vinegars. cc:
No problem!:]<U+2661>
Hey I just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764><U+260E>
You remind me of the happy days when I used to be at the head of the queue for the Bodleian in a morning.
Phi Kappa Psi? I'm not quite sure how IFC works but good luck getting that past Curtis.
A McGee vs Hill match up? Must see tv
kk later I'll give you my number or you could just as and too :)
omg, that sucks :'( im sure he didnt do it on purpose, just try to get him to follow you again
SEC Baseball Power Rankings: Week 7 - Anchor Of Gold
Great! We should split a bottle at the end of the night in the lounge some night!
“: haaha! Wrong one! The Tom Green movie! Ha” gold star for Paulie!!
started the day with and by the river in the woods. SOMEONE got naked and covered with mud. It wasn't me.
RT : Told you bitches Giants would win ! I hate you Tom Brady.
lmao, no I swear they were jeans. I was like wtf lol
Thanks for the shout out re: the Caldecott Committee ballot.
I have to turn our air conditioning on if it gets above 80 degrees cuz the fatty bulldog overheats easily. I don't wanna turn it on in March
"Government closer to you is government more responsive to you… we believe in the principle of government by the way of the governed."
The world is a Vampire
We are closed Monday and Friday this week... Tue Wolfe and Monument, Wed Charles and Baltimore, and Thurs Baltimore and Greene 11-2
most adult hip hop are kats that been doin it (Q-Tip,De La,The Roots,J-Live,Mos,Wu,Heiro,Monch,etc)
Watch your thoughts: They become your words. Watch your words: They become your actions. Watch your actions: They become your habits.
My #gotosong is "Hey Ma" from Cam'ron. "hey ma, whassup"
YOU WON!!!(: WE ARE SO PROUD OF YOU! #AustinMahoneNBT!!(: AAHHHH!
All I Need - Radiohead
#rappersbetterthansouljaboy the hide yo kids hide yo wife douche
Kant says the character of morality can only be the motive of duty not inclination; motive of duty confers moral worth on the action.
Cherry lip balm! *kiss*
Is gonna be really happy if his hubby didn't get in trouble. Cause I kinda need him. =D
Tissue donation is an option for most individuals, regardless of age, and is often possible when organ donation is not.
help her out boo!!
that would be nice :D dude, are you planning to go to warped tour?
Work at Home Business Expo - June 4th Orange County, CA...am speaking at 2:30pm...see you there....The Home-Based Business Expert, Helene :)
This hot dude asks me to scratch his back. He looked so... aroused when I did it... and he paid more attention to me
OK, I'll bring you an iphone charger and give you a rail for a little while.
oh nd no
For the first time, #France had the most daily downloads of our #apps!
Thank you Met #Art21 Trivia Nite!! We are overjoyed at our #winning! And we've always wanted to go to a Met opening!
did you get a chance to see Humberto Arteaga this spring? How did he look? Much appreciated as always.
I'm your friend! :)
Ha. In Google Maps, find Legoland in California, drag the street view Pegman and it turns into a Lego guy.
RT : on this day 176 years ago, all mexican cuisine in Texas became Tex-Mex.
Good morning. Busy day ahead some web design, print, motion graphics. I will be posting a link to some logo designs later for critiques! :0)
Go to any Fed Ex/Kinkos location. They do a great job!
OK that was effin fun last night
Happy friday :)
have you seen how he spends his money?
I got bored w it after using it twice
Random but what happened to all those people talking about justice for Trayvon.....
fuck that heart
you did great last night, back here in Md I've been reading the news and reading the papers.. People in md are rooting 4ya!
. I couldn't agree more with your assessment of Douglas Alward.
well i hope you succeed :)
Good Night! I love you.....
You pay out of town niggas, but don't wanna break bread for the hometeam.boy I can't ever rock wit you! We run shit around here
I wish he'd talk to me more. :/
Looking into new ways to market on and offline! anyone have any ideas?
Is pumped the Rockies have won 11 straight!
great post! Thanks guys! ;)
This new tat didn't hurt too bad.....
Morning JN! Hope you're having a wonderful weekend with your gorgeous Family.
RT - The COWBOYS are Not America's Team in MY EYES The New England Patriots Are.
The game was horrible lol
I can't even imagine the pressure she faces having to essentially 'out do' Michelle's performance in Returns. I'd be terrified of
I know you have your own wedding to "attend to" but I'm drafting you to help me find the perfect guest-of-wedding frock on May 5
Buying volatility? Buy City Telecom HK - NASDAQ
I want the same teams as you in the finals now that my Bulls are out of the running.
The boys don't even run in my room first thing in the morning anymore, they run out and grab their gameboys
: I heard about this a while back and it looks so good. I can't wait to pick up a copy of it.
dad: Bree your almost 18 Me: Hell yess ( : dad : and graduating early (Teary eyed) Me; i know im gettin the hell out finna start cryin!
fun playing w/ u today on 1st feature tbl. Was 3 to ur right at start. Would love to chat pkr biz opp: msg or .
museum remains OPEN. The museum is not affiliated with the Hull House Association.
Show that mutton who's boss!
A Special "SHOUT-OUT" to my twitterific followers of my tweets. I am humbled and grateful for each of you. Thank you so very much! Dean
Couldn't agree more! MT I gave +K about Academics on cause he's a sharp guy & he got the on twitter!
Whats up ! Long time no talk:)
Everybody had SOMEBODY open the door for them in their career.. When you get to the top don't forget to open that door for somebody else..
#raw10 some People act like they got such a relationship w/ God, that they can determine you fate. See him Lord, yes, Hes needs 2 go 2 Hell.
You're not with her when she does it though. So I can't really say I believe you on that. If you were then I would.
so the drained one in dawns purse is not from fayes family???
Ran sprints on the track today for the first time in a LONG time...not sure if that was a good idea now
Drawing winners for the tickets on Monday, you can buy yours at any select-a-seat location or united supermarkets, 8 more days!
yeah and kinda on the side of my leg
pa shout out & pa follow back... tnx!!!!!
congrats ! check for a DM from us with details (:
Tomorrow I will be IN TURIN......I'M SO HAPPY <3 I LOVE ITALY....
HaHa. I know you love it MTM.
Bad Cotton mouth! Need something to drink hajahaja <3
McCain earned my respect with his speech tonight. Best he's done yet. Congrats President Obama!
well ... Honey.. Uhm no. I wuldnt ask u. Becuz u don't know wht GOOD looks like.
Got to deal with Watsford #VCU in the second half but it's all good in this game! Way to play RAMS.
If anybody is looking to make a few extra dollars this summer, we have a part time job available. Management opportunity for one of the fes…
there's two sequels to that song: "California Girls" and "East Coast Power Ladies"
#thatcampPNW The Digital Humanities Manifesto 2.0 identifies Dig Hum's origins in the "intertwinglings" of counterculture and cyberculture.
I was sleepy but now Im woke.
what are you doing in CDO?
wat? I don't get it
I fundamentally disagree with his arguments, but Paul Clement is undoubtedly a very talented appellate advocate.
Well, yeah. Melville is fracking awesome!
Amen, brother.
I am officially the biggest girl fan of the Hogan. And her bf. Amazingly nice.
Have a great weekend everyone! Have a Happy Easter too!
it's all has been talking about...we have wings and nachos on the menu. When are you coming over?;-)
imy! We never hung out over vacation..whoops! This weekend?
we lovee youu & we are excited to see youu right <U+263A>
Hey we're testing the new TWITTER post feature on iVision's kick ass platform!
dumb and dumber is hilarious xD
Thanks for following me!
2. Good for applicants, in that I can advocate but bad for employers because they don't necessarily get specific questions addressed.
Congress event says - The costs of education stagnation are too high. We cannot stop -
Hello November!
Direct from 'm hi.' At LA golf club, or another city??
Testing Ping.fm - the Facebook setup was complex.
I bett you taste good <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
New Shirt ZION SPORTSWEAR TUFF GONG TEE
ring a famous YouTuber and act as if you are breaking up with them :)
Now how will I get noticed in the crowd at a show?!? I guess I still have hot pink
At da same damn time!
Working on a site for Colorado Springs Real Estate
yes, I'm a Christian and do my best to spread His love. I try to fight back against the legalism and fakers that miss the point!
are u in?
in about two months if I make it
My dad just asked me "what would Jimmy Buffet do?"
80 % of domestic violence shelters nationwide (more than 3 out of 4) report an increase in women seeking assistance from abuse
Denver is pretty legit. Working at an awesome venue downtown. Staying broke. How are you livin'?
Thank you so much for coming out, great seeing you as always!
ohh where u from ?
Thanks for the RT!
Nobody cares.
Fire Congress
RT : #AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay did you get your hair cut shorter?
We have all the power we need to create all the changes we choose. Via , the Divine Matrix
Huge thanks to everyone who participated in #Kissmas tonite!! Another great step to our goal of 1200 kisses!
He is probably thinking "$132 million? That's a whole lot of Codeine syrup!!"..
I know these are probably not on the list but, I like Mt Lemon and 4th Ave the best.
Thank you all LMN movies, for helping me realize I am forever alone. <3
is will be off the hook 2nite! What up ! K.nightshift It's The Skillet! 2 yrs and still hot as hell!
I LOVE YOU BESTFRIEND!!!!!
Thank you man! Great to meet you too. Definitely stay in touch, and send projects!
First among billions of equals - Irish Times
creating a gigantic clam shell box for CA photographer Sol Hill. Big enough to sleep in!
#onethingidontlike when people try to be "different" because 9 times out of 10 they just tryna be somethin they saw on tv
SMH...this is so suspicious to me
your body an tats are gorgous
you can beat no name fighters. Good for you. Fight someone with some talent for once.
Well you have a good 4 hours :D
haha I love ! got into them when I watched eastside theory when it came out.
and Ariel, but he never shows up to practices or games lol
Who's all goin to nationality days?
i get my bottom braces tomarrow not fun
I love Hope he wins watever he's nominated for.
#wov12 interesting talk about why growth paths always have to be managerial. Netapp created additional path for growth.
is this Laura?
I was watching it earlier. It's been on all day. I'm chilling though.
I say, if your knees aren't green by the end of the day, you ought to seriously re-examine your life. ~ Bill Watterson, Calvin & Hobbes
I keep seeing articles about future versions of JavaScript. Will we ever be able to use them? Even Node is pinned to V8'
“: Coming next month: The Uncollected Gchats of Roberto Bolaño.” Have we ordered this yet, ?
was just mention in my social media webinar!
yay!!! Thank you!
I love her music! You should get her album. You would love it.
SHOUT OUT TO ANDRE HARRELL AND MANY BLESSINGS
Camped out with and It was pretty dang exciting.
Grindin slow and I won't let go
Fortunately & unfortunately, I'm in need of the services of again! Gigs of Photographs & Video in jeopardy.
RT : i hustle for a living.
": lol you Mexican queers" you make me feel so good about myself
Great first day of the #frontierleague tryouts. Stop by tomorrow for the scrimmage!
we like you already
I wish friends were money so you could hold them up to the light and see which ones fake and which ones real
hey Mikey ! hope you had a great day ! (:
Lmao! Damn they gonna make me leave my nati ice? Thats a strong statement. Omw to store b4 I shower
no joke
Someone please give me weed. D:
Just a reminder that the Miss Universe® preliminaries are being webcast live on the Miss Universe website right now. Still time to tune in.
I'm coming to the New York show!
HTC One X and One V for business professionals
I just emailed you. Im tryin to get the beats leased. I cant figure it out... Hit me up
For the Africa Fund, we are organizing a drum circle on the web in both Africa and in the US ... we will hold a telethon for an SME fund.
I love Josh, too. I just think Phillip is something new.
holy cannoli, that's great! Congratulations! Very eager to know more. Good luck with the transition. Wow!
you should Julia Robets is so amazing! I love her
I'm at my interview early n ready to go I'm super happy I was able to talk to my father n pray to him about this job n read palms 23.
sure did, nothing like dubstep at 11am
Anyone from from CMH traveling to Bonnaroo tomorrow?
Thanks for following <3
gaz my fb is dead i'll see if my friend at scchool can help pick u up as in a good friend i know
4 great Easter services today@ Central!
hopefully in a week wisconsin will give you happier weather
ISRAEL IS GOD'S CHOSEN NATION, AND THE JEWS ARE GOD'S CHOSEN PEOPLE!
#snOMGasm People were civil for the most part as they stocked up for what must surely be the Apocalypse.
No One goes to Planned Parenthood when they've been raped. They go to the ER and the MDs do a rape kit and report it.
why nobody followed ? :( ( please follow her, she means a lot to me<U+2665>
it affects everyone when our freedoms are threatened!
Yay!! RT : WA in the house. Congrats to Senator Patty Murray, recipient of the SETDA Federal Policy Maker Award
The only dessert item I get with any regularity is Nutella, which I put on anything.
u can be poor and religious. Then go to college for a yr and then be rich and religious.
Not sure how Cutch missed that. Gonna need some K's from Burnett now
Dear , my timeline is blowing up because of #SAYSOMETHIN I'm blaming your perfection <3
is it bad that the minute i get in the elevator i press the door close button? thoughts?
I just had my first road rage experience. All it took was a cyclist. Lol D:
checking out tweetdeck
did I miss your birthday???
Brian McKnight new song makes me feel all kinds of uncomfortable..
R.I.P. Chicago Bulls fans.
Skip Bayless just said if he was the Browns he would take Brandon Wheedon with the fourth pick in the draft
So it's the PicketCity Bowl.
thank you
Orel Hersheiser- 'you need to hydrate the day before a big game'
It's a beautiful day at the Seaport and Jared & reed are preparing for the opening session. Don't be late!!
Milwaukee's original Johnny Cash tribute tonight. My birthday is just a day away from the Man in Black. Let's celebrate.
Ya ya ya!!
I'm so sleepy.
Happy Friday! What is your favorite Michael Jackson song?
True. For now. Let's hope that gets shelved soon too.
yay no school tomorrow!
ME TOO. I actually woke up for the say at 6:00 pm. Lmfao
thanks for texting me back? lol.
Happy Birthday to the best mother in the world!! I love her :)
I BETTER SEE YOUR GORGEOUS FACES WHEN YOU ARE HERE I AM JUST SAYING.
RT : Now u doing way too much pull back on my bro b4 it get thick on hereRT : She's not very Concious lol
thanks for the follow! Let us know if we can help with a new mattress or new furniture!
I decided a few years ago that bald guys are super sexy. I guess I'm finally over the hair band stage.
RT : Heck introduces 2nd order amendment (amend the amdmt) w hold harmless provision.
I love that video too!
We just saw a dog that looked like Jack Franklin. Just wanted you to know.
Oh no, one of my cockers has a bad eye infection, we have to go to vet 1st thing in the morning, I hope she's ok :( can she go blind?
Wheels up! Memphis to LA.
Yes! june 2, i cant even wait! we're planning a flashmob infront of the venue for the boys as well :)
don't feel lonely :( i'm sure you've people to talk too :)
Today I'm giving up pretending I'm Catholic.
just checking on u ladies...,love
mtv movie awards.....O YA
We're uploading Parachute & One Direction Pictures today!
I just wanna see Prometheus
Howard Bison are ready to give their band some competition, by John Feinstein, Washington Post....
I once spent a session helping a 17 y/o remove her damaged tips with acetone while we talked. Sigh, I miss her.
Bullied by the Anti-bullies. How sad is your life right now?
appreciate that. Looking for something today. Lady may ride her 125 tomorrow, but only got the fatty. Thank u though homie!
If you could take your two-week dream trip, all expenses paid, where would you go?
cant wait!!! Have a blast tonight welcome back to Laredo!!! :D
Great AIGA board meeting today! Pumped about the next year! Thanks for letting me be a part!
haha i cant stop laughin sam omg hahaaaa stalker
Much of the Little Review pretty funny actually, thanks mostly to Anderson's slightly oddball genius
Rise and shine it's work out time...still can't get that weird dream about outta my head...
All days are not same. Save for a rainy day. When you don't work, savings will work for you. - M.K. Soni
eating noodles
#fridayreads Vol 4 Book 11 Churchill's History of English-Speaking Peoples. Fascinating to get Englishman's take on the American Civil War.
#ConfessionNight: I listen to Taylor Swift more than your sister.
congrats On your upcoming #TEDxNYED talk. People can learn from your words of wisdom. I know I have
Remember when you helped me tape my arms?
Delayed flight back to DC ... Its ok ill take anither hour and a half in the sunshine
fun seeing u on the road yesterday! Isn't that the SAME spot we passed each other last time??
Better 2 rely on yourself!
My mother had morning sickness, AFTER I was born
MORE DESIGN ON THE HORIZON...
how much?
Good Morning World!! Currently at 9:10am in Atlanta, GA it is 48 degrees. High: 57* Low: 48*
The best thing about January 1: FOOTBALL FOOTBALL FOOTBALL!!!! Too bad my Wolverines aren't in a bowl for the 2nd straight year.
"To be authentic, you have to have passion & purpose." Not sure if I agree. What about ppl still figuring it out, open 2 unknown?
Just found 200 dollars in a old birthday card
you didnt do anything! ily and i'm here if u need to talk :) <3
Freaked out wen i saw a stand up of at macys and i sprayed my self with
"You kno a nigga mad when he do tha clap+hop" Boi we was WILDIN'!!!
Happy Monday! What's on your mind this week?
s/o 2oo :) nice twitcon, have a great day tomorrow, sweet dreams, & goodnight :)
Dweeb? Best you got?
We just gave #RichardLawson the celebration of a lifetime! Happy B-day!
It's all over my tongue, but still it has no taste cause without you there is no me.
lmfaooo Wow you think they'd fix that
« “: Ima Miss The Seniors But When Yal Leave Ima Be A MF SENIOR BITCHES #2013”»
you seem a little sensitive about that. Enjoy your life.
Craziest shit just happened
#edchat I wish we could!
1st tip: decide before you get your chickens what you're going to do with post-menopausal birds that no longer lay eggs!
Wow, Bridesmaids is a fantastic comedy. Kristen Wiig is beautiful and hilarious.
#CT2011 - "why should faculty use new technology?" common question. Ken: "we don't have good evidence." Yep.
Hey , I'm an Android user (previously an apple user) but I watch the Apple Byte because it's rather entertaining. Keep it up.
We are glad to hear that Michael! What brings you to San Francisco?
hopefully reflections.
i am starting to think that is never going to follow any of his indiana fans !bummer! but u will still say NEVER SAY NEVER : (
I love the weeden pick. I'm not looking at age I'm looking at can the guy produce. The guy is smart and like he says he can sling it
The earthquake near DC shook things up at the office, but we were still able to meet our deadline and all afternoon deliveries were sent!
At the dentist.... Hopefully I don't throw up on them...
happy mothers day ! love you
spending a perfect summer evening inside, creating appliances with well, at least i won't get capped...
Today, my pendulum/spirit guides said that President Obama will become re-elected in Nov. 2012 as President of the United States.
LOL Don't get lost Mary!! drive to Dyker Heights/Bensonhurst.
not just excellent - one of the best bands ever!
Wearing my Rita's T-Shirt that my Charleston Family bought me on brother retreat. It was good luck then, so maybe it'll be good luck now!
Dope Joint fam
So many coffee tweets! Can you tell I had mine?
Do you have a friend who will do anything for you? Mine came to my show instead of going to a Yankee playoff game! <3
Laika was the first doggie to travel to space.
Spring break is coming up I wonder how many will be on Maury because of their drunkin actions. Like rambo stay strapped up..
Philanthropy just sounds like a dirty word.
. really duped me today. Baltimore Dad? Well done, sir.
I know!!! It's so stupid! But you basically have to watch a bunch of commercial and read magazines:p
You're welcome. The post was nicely written and I actually miss baseball games myself since our sons are now in college!
omg, alex noticed you. whens the wedding?!
What kind of suggestions? I am seeing an acupuncturist next week. What should I be prepared for?
Tim Burton's exhibit at LACMA is fantastic !!!
As soon as I am done at hockey. Have cold beer ready please.
im just me...how are you doing brother? Glad to see you working
Went to Rudy's for lunch with the fam. M BBQ pulled pork.
Mistakes mean progress. Keep writing. Keep making mistakes, and then correcting them. Embrace the process.
Oh... It looks like a stadium. I used to be able to walk in through the gate and walk right up to the stage :)
S/o to Dj Freez going ham on the 5'o clock #trafficjam!
wish i could! on the bus home from a field trip! haha
I'm glad HE apologized to me :) Ah I love my boo :)<U+2665>
Lloyd playing for on the 76ers cuh...
your face is disgusting an immoral, god is ashamed of you.
Do you have a life mission? If so, what is it? What brings you a sense of purpose?
if u have a headache stomach ache and ur hot but dont have a high temp then u are getting the stomach flue :(
So true, easier said than done sometimes RT : "If you don't have enough time, stop watching TV" - Holstee manifesto
I'm looking for a RSS reader more robust than Google Reader. Any suggestions?
If anyone was wondering what to get me for christmas, two words: Forever Lazy!
Hey!!! Did You Change Ur Username??
I want some pizza. I am hungry af.
It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up. ~ Muhammad Ali
Seattle has a disloyalty card too! Sadly, can't remember which shops participate, small local coffee.
Miami Heat. They was two games away from a ring and they can't wait to get back on the court against the Mavs
Do some Spring cleaning! Get rid of all that extra stuff today! List it in your local online Market Place on www.servicebox.com!!...
WARNING...My give-a-d is busted and I'm all out of give-a-sh*t. It must be Wednesday!
I have a good attitude but no time to be an #actor. Sad face.
oh yell. Setting about 10 rows off floor across from Georgia bench now. Cats had a little scare today.
aww....... I knew u would put a pic up
Saw that you were a follower of the talented
Setting up for a LitFuse Action Hero photo shoot! Hell Yeah!
Slept in tweeties!!!!! My besties had a bubby girl yesterday!!!!! She's so beautiful!!!!
Lovin' and 's amazing line! Hope I win ;)
My pleasure.
aye I got it ima fix em have em to you soon bro
I love how you always speak your mind. Bethan >
In the lab ....... Go to sleep with music on the brain wake up with music on the brain.
oh boy! I can't wait to come out have a few drinks at the CH then be looking hot n sexy with you in the pool ! Hehe
Don't let ur feelings run wild. Discipline ur feeling to line up w/ the word of God - Pastor Matthew
Wow!!! They str8 flippin in blue martini!! That's wats up! Very laid back
Ayyyee > RT : I dont mind RT #KenPossible_: Do you mind if I stroke you up ? Do you mind if I stroke you down ?
I'm going home.
Is your small business web site not getting on the first page of Google's organic results? Reply for a free one hour phone consultation!
oh and thanks for the follow
Maybe Pedro skypes so loud because my chili farts are too noxious?
Eye Spy Betty Lash, Organic Glow, and Be Belle Featured on Page 70 of Austin Monthly!!! Get your copy today!
yes it was a great inspiring episode of #lifeAfter... Now following you!!
Nice article in American Libraries!
“: Haven't seen that one yet...how is it?” It's good. I like it :-)
yep. Works perfectly. See you there. Can you drop me an email with your phone number?
You got it - looking forward to it absolutely. I'll be back in town sometime mid month We'll connect.
shweet O.O #friendship!
"New Years Eve and a cup of noodles..." I feel you Carrie Bradshaw
Why are these forever 21 bitches at Nordstrom bistro? We all know you can't even afford the kids meal
Time Tip Tuesday- Spring Cleaning!! To help you master this lean, mean spring cleaning, check out this article for some great ideas. What...
Saw you're hiring again. Need any help?
Candidates do not know what questions they will be asked tonight for #SCCMayor Forum.
that's pretty cool!!
My best friend is my dad!
i protest homework. PROTESTINATING
To make the world better all we need is more people like you.
School,cheer,then dance later
Does anyone have advice on keeping comments spam-free or is that even possible?
RT : All temp files are saved for 4 days. No more accidentally not saving your file. Nice!
I can't believe it ended that way :(
I wonder of all the once-watched every night movies piled up in each and every casket, urn and brain on display. I eat the hot dogs I dream.
luxury comfort for your little one! Convenience for moms :)
I seent u shining tho. No more poon for u!
If Birdman IS involved in child porn, he needs to never play in the NBA again...
glasses aren't so bad! warbyparker.com has some really great ones
When I was dating my husband, my mom told me to let some "poor tall girl" have him. Obviously, I didn't! We luv our tall guys
Can't call it living life in all it's awesomeness!!!! POOF!!!!
Anyone interested in a vintage paperback copy of the Real Donny & Marie? Book is free and & shipped for free to your door in the USA.
Already switched to it thanks for the heads up
whoa! Jess the city is beautiful!
At SWSAC for Cooper Hewitt City of Neighborhoods training. Design for teachers! (and arts educators)!
65% of community college cell phone and Internet connectivity. Higher than grad and undergrad. Surprising.
Or you can do what she’d want:smile, open your eyes, love and go on
Thanks for the RT Chet. Such an important reminder to know when work is done (and to really BE done!)
LIKE i said, you know i'm almost dead you know i'm almost gone. n when the drummer drums he's gonna play my song to carry me along.
Attend the Job and Internship luncheon by today from 12:30-1:30pm in AMU 227. Little Italy is on the menu and its powered by Kohls!
Niggas think it should B taken as a compliment when they say "u could b a stripper" smh
I know I should be sleeping, but here I am. What's up Twitter?
chains for sale!! Soon will be up on website! keep checking back or contact me directly
Everyone has secrets n this will remain a secret till confirmed and official
Beiser: Two of the "highest performing elementary schools in California" are on the list for closure
"You can't get much done in life if you only work on the days when you feel good." -Jerry West (our quote of the day)
I'm on cloud 9.. With the sims 3.. Dan got it for me! Beast brother in law ever.. Gonna have to think of a way to thank him
TIP: use 'Miami' #coupon at checkout to get 30% OFF
Bo! Guess what? There's a Bon Chon by my new apt lol
You're the Man. Thanks for the shout out!
It's said you might someday enter politics. Look me up in DC. I was 14 yrs in Congress & can share insights. BaylorClassOf1971
that's true, but before she was mean about it. She was nicer for some reason.
You all gonna watch The Good Sisters online tomorrow?? I will be there.... From my couch..LOL!
”Big thinking precedes great achievement” - Wilfred Peterson
Look for our pamphlets and chalked information for FALL RUSH 2010!
Thanks for the love!
..but I am continuing to help out with postal museum things from afar, so I will keep your contact info!
Fantastic. I will b one of your first followers!
exactly and I always let him sit in the front of the bus on team trips
Well isn't that something! :)
Are digital materials *less* accessible to ppl in developing countries? What is the alternative?
Just seeing you makes my day :) I wonder when you'll realize this.
good end to the weekend.. but school tomorrow...
I have a really unhealthy fear and that scene in FD plays in my head anytime turbulence hits. True story.
Pitbull ad. Complaints about officiating. Peter Frampton ad. "It's the Circle of Life...."
haha u look at least 16
karmas a bitch
I wish Austin would follow me. He's my inspiration and pretty much my life!
well f*** her
GO #GIANTS!
Update: to begin filming her 3rd music video in Virginia next week. Her song "The Look" charted #20 in Germany.
Great game! Torn between two teams
Heading back to America soon!
Phaedra's mother is a pastor, but I am trying to figure out what scripture she is following that she will not "recognize" a child
Today is shaping out in favor of a lil ol black girl with big eyes from ga...whowudathunkit! lol ;)))
yeap that's me then just send a request then I still didn't get ur message
Baby J & Live at Cattleman's Square Tejano Explosion 2012 - W Houston & N Frio! Marcos Orozco on stage now...Michael Salgado at 9!
Good stuff!
Don't send Dia home! She's amazing!
watching it now mountain time!
So much for the not eating out as often!
I'm always falling for a girl that's taken LOL
very nice
At the airport, on my way to ORD for #saa11!
Is it too much to ask for a, "I'm sorry. I fucked up."
FRIDAY NIGHT FUN TIME! Go to Wolski's and try some Hop On Top!
lol can you really??
isnt that your beach party?
it's great to have supporters like you! Thank you so much!
watching Shark Tank, great show, on Hulu
Some of them want to use you Some of them want to get used by you Some of them want to abuse Some of them want to be abused
Nathan Gale: "encourage digital literacy at all levels"
the light!
Co-Main Event: Todd Williamson beats Morgan Sheppard at 2:15 in the Second Round via Tap Out due to Triangle Choke.
Fact shows. I don't believe Dennis Slothower anymore.
Mom talking about Selena Gomez: well she does have a wierd looking face hahahahahahah.
i am doing really well:) you marissa and i should hang out before i leave
leave work now I wanna play
What Time Is It! Adventure Time!!.. well not yet im still #atwork :(
Student: "May sound silly but I was really expecting an A instead of a B. Please think about this and get back to me." Ha!!
ITS NOT MAY!!
Okay #GameofThrones do your worst!
“Isn't it funny how day by day nothing changes, but when you look back everything is different...” - C.S. Lewis
Love your use of the word "reckon." Proud to fly the colors.
Where did the lovely warm weather go? ?!?
u truly have an awesome site! I look forward to making use of it. I hope my site will be as successful someday soon. Sourcical.com
No quiz or discussion in online class today yes
The top tweet on the #BandsILove hashtag outta all hashtags? I think my job is done here.
Greatest of top>
daz wassup im proud of u :)
My guy friends' girlfriend's always like hate me. Why.
Hi, errrryone! It's Cat! What's up, luv bugs? Xoxo <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I actually already liked u guys on fb since long ago ok!
Easy! Push it in the harbor and see how the british react.
...Blue suede shoes stay crispy like bacon - <3
Rocking my Regis Wedge, courtesy of #FreePeople!! SO SO FLY!
congrats my dude!!!
oh lord, I just enjoyed that so much.
we better not get bailed on tomorrow!! I will not be a happy person.
Sorry - we didn't get your message today! All was calm by 6pm. Let us know if you made it or if you need to reschedule.
is the best sound engineer hands down...
Looks like I'm living out of my car...
have a blast!
finally figuring out how to use twitter properly, after all these years!
The Residences is hosting a media dinner tomorrow night at Match Play. Send me your email for an invite.
Who's in the gym today
Sometimes grownups don't listen either.
yes sir gonna be $40 for t.shirt, bus, food, beer on bus etc etc.
It hurts the most when the person that made you feel so special yesterday makes you feel so unwanted today.
Carlos and I are booked at the Andaz 5th Ave as long as they don't get overbooked and we get walked to another hotel.
i'm back! seems like no one missed me
saturday night lets hangout! Dibs!
silly yankee, poor little man couldnt stand being kissed by the cute and cuddly gator....wait til tommorrow sucker..lol
what ever do u mean gracey?
Is the demonstration in SF the Tea Party boycott of SF?
Super happy
Iced coffee!
hm..taylor swift? :p
no, you're not.
Cody Ross does it again!
get out! I stayed there a couple of years ago. Bet it will be a great set!
wrote the script for the 2000 sound train awards. Don you will be missed!!!!
lol you hell bruh , but I still gets the ladies !
the true counts on your profile. all apps and home page load slow
We enjoy all the great people we get to meet in our work!
of course baby girl ;D
CALLING ALL fans PLEASE help get #FlowWithTheGo and #Martika trending this week!!!!!!
Spirited Art with momma. Ready to be creative! And not ready for momma to leave in the morning :( #happy/sadtweet
Kush Hour TV is looking for Artists to feature on the show. Send video's and music to
I only miss you when I\'m breathing Ionly miss you when my hear beats
Going to be a great session! RT: Attending #GPPCMA Meeting on achieving your dreams with speaker Mike Lyons
Sitting in my men's group & a recovering addict said "Crack ain't my problem...it's my solution. Nobody talks to me 'bout my real problem!"
glad to hear you like the Dell printer!
Cap and gown line is kind of like ghosts of Christmas past...
That sounded suspiciously like a transformer blowing up.
Thank you, Marillina! RT bruce great at Grammys I like your cover
I love this World. I love music. I can't stand World Music!
Work until 12 then driving to Michigan. It's going to be a long night :/
Home team on left, away team on right. Correct me if I'm wrong but isn't that the norm? And even of we flip it to mimic other US sports...
i recently found out that Siam is today's Thailand - gotta love History !
Instagram is for babies, animals, and weird shit you find in the street ONLY.
AT&T doesn't have LTE in Seattle, boo!
where y'all located and what's the rate???
Delicate balance of leadership as hospitals buy up physician practices but still work w/ independent docs - JH
its raining, its pouring..too badd city rain smells like poop.
>> Thanks for speaking @ #140cuse. Do you work w/ academics re: teaching and learning projects?
I miss your sexy ass! :)
- That suit in your profile pic is way fly. Can't wait for your return next week! You rooting for any teams this week?
Congratulations Erroyl Rolle! You've won a raffle prize. Come claim it at the registration table.
Dear Mama
John Byrd playing fopr free right now, peoples!
not sleeping tonight #YOLO out with
Abstract artist searching for Art Consultants - www.timhovde.com
you tweet to much
no problem :] and sure thing
waiting on some #jimmyjohns -- thanks :-P
did u see rondo threaten the tnt cameraman? Had to be restrained.
Calling Northern Highlands Wayne Valley Hockey for MSG VARSITY!!!!
hahaahah ijs she can get it.
The power is out at my place. Anybody want to give me a play-by-play of the Tigers game?
Just over a week out and do my knee and ankle hopefully won't slow me down
Happy Mother's Day! Open from 8am to 4pm.
If marquette was playing richmond....we would have a game!!
: oh yeah! Okay. I forgive you
"Acting is one of the great humanizing professions." #HHAwards honoree Kevin Spacey
Snoring is the same in any language
#ItsAmazingHow you say you're my friend but you never act like it
... Or better yet, how can an exact number represent a cold or warm feeling? <U+2600><U+2614><U+2601><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6><U+26A1><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0080><U+2754><U+2754><U+2754>
Who would we contact about snagging an interview/show coverage with you while you're on tour? Thanks!!
Thanks for the mention, Heather.
thank you dolls!! <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
it's so beautiful
Holy crap, this guy has the voice that you do the impression of Will Farrell aping in some skit or movie or something!
#brandbowl winners so far = dogs &
awlready be safe..
Truth is the property of no individual but is the treasure of all men.-Ralph Waldo Emerson
Just left Zion's house in Cleveland. Practice ran late, and we got a lot done.
yup, lulling us into a false sense of security
Thanks to god for letting me get up this morning
Kid and her parents just showed up. Mom looks a little nervous about the size of the plane.
Basketball team is sitting on the bus and tweeting at each other! #lazy hahaha
thank you for everyone thats helping make my 14th bithday magical i love all of you and thanks to my followers for following!!!!!!
It's 70°F! Enjoy! RT The first gentle breath of spring is so divine. What a day to be out and about in NYC!
That's the one! Lol
I just realized there's a lot of people I somehow followed that don't speak English & its really annoying
Goal Del Zotto!!!
good night of film, ready for 3 more games this week.
Thank you!
Today is National Prime Rib Day! What size cut do you get,and what are your favorite side dishes to pair with it?
I hate when cashiers ask "Is that everything?" Uh no Bitch, I'd also like all this invisible shit...
This bus sucks
Thank you and VentureSHOT for the generous sponsorship. The attendees will be amazed by everything that VentureSHOT has to offer.
I called you
omg. that is phenominiall.
Hey Orlando! We want hear your favorite genre of music?
So excited for the surprise is bringing us today!
We challenge what the norm may be! Express yourself through the gift of dance...404-991-7081
O.O
The neighbor boys are playing basketball. The girls are flirting by singing. The girls are not getting the desired results. Dogs are hiding.
Who is she
I think that's true for everyone - but it can be encouraging! It means you can do something about it :)
That awesome moment when your telling a lie and your best friend notices and joins in.
I understand. Completly.. text me
I have been a shopper for 8 years now, used to be a regular at the Tysons Corner store in VA! Still obsessed...
#IfYouKnowMeWell..then don't cross me..
Cool. Look forward to hearing your thoughts on the book! cc:
see ya at Ta Cocina!
What were you noming on last night :)
what shows did you/are you going to see? suggest, once & 1man2govs. thanks for keeping this nyer sane with podcasts
Never settle.
Thank you for the tweet! :-)
thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Zin makes awesome wine - great website too!
I did see that previously. It’s awesome ^ 5.
My subdued desire to learn bass is rising from the depths more and more. Ugh.
Awesome chat and interview today with legendary guitarist Frank Marino of Mahogany Rush. Frank's an extremely intelligent & caring person.
Best of luck Phil take it down!!
aids??? haha u gay fag
Friday should be fun!! :)
ha I forgot how you are the ultimate sports guy. You always know what's going on. Who's doing the best in the AL East? Boston?
#whendiditbecomecool to smoke? drink and drive? do drugs? kill people? bully people? someone tell me. it's still not cool.
I wish I'd gone down to Indy just for the afterparty!
It is radio like you that keep the dream alive for so many musicians! Thank you for doing what you do!
hahahahahahahah you love me
Bonswa , I have questions about SMS campaigns in Haiti. Is there someone I can talk to about rates and requirements? Mesi
RT : I hate how I go to sleep late as fuck and still wake up early... fucking ridiculous
Absolutely! ": Great football player. Decent Human Being. #Inspiration."
So yesterday I dropped a plate and pieces went everywhere. IDK why it was so much. It was only the corner.
Blackberry just has a life of its on. Whats going on with T-Mobile how can your Service be this bad.
Who is childish to began with. Not letting me out. Wtf anyways. That's how I drive
Who knew what rednecks do would be so interesting to cable audiences?
Spent 60K Stupid
I also want to take a mount to point out that now tweets more than
i was real close to getting a shirt that had u and the cast on it but decided to get the one online of just you haha i love it!xo
are your items for sale made in USA?
Ok how did her hair detach from the tower after she slid down her own hair and no one else was up there
80% of chronic disease is caused by prolonged exposer 2 stress hormones. eating well, moving more & thinking positive reduce stress hormones
now make that mother fucker hammertinne (;
yes I would. How will they conduct it?
Good morning! Hope all is well.
lmao love ya
Mvp my ass
Who knew zine fest could get so loud?
Join Coach Katie TONIGHT at Foster Avenue Beach at 6:30PM for a TEAM Run. All T2 athletes and friends are welcomed!
After this night, I'm glad I have off tomorrow. =)
that's what I'm talkin bout lol all that sexiness just make ya wanna eat dat ass up lol
We're also sorry you're not here. Been learning a lot and having a great time -- venue is nice, people are great … ;)
Ugh, some dude just pulled my table, with my coffee and my sunglasses completely away from me at Starbucks.
broke curfew it seems, though imagine there was more to it.
love the pic!
You know the US economy is in bad shape when Starbucks starts closing stores!
Summer in march??
On hold! #shitty !
I love you Record Store Day. I love you so hard and so long.
I love the pic of you little in your dads arms. He had a fro! Awesome
it's the complete opposite of awsome
merry vicmas to
Happy Birthday to our own Matt Keppel!
Enjoy Ya Day (Everybody)
It is currently 67 degrees at 700 ib the morning in,the middle of November.
Thank You!!
RT S/o to follow her rite now
and I have stopped following each other on Twitter. Read into it what you will.
Hey, remember when Bobby Valentine was almost the Brewers manager?
I'm on the bus! (hopefully the right one that goes to work) See you soon
since when do you tweet all the sudden?
Enjoyed on today. He made some great points that needed to be said for the Asian/Pacific Islander community.
Everyone is entitled to be stupid, but some abuse the privilege.
I would like her entire wardrobe plz. Is that so much to ask?
Just heard CNN apply the term 'pivot' to a presidential campaign. I guess pivot means 'waffle'.
Thanks for the RT!
Any chance of hearing "Up!" tonight in Boston?
Hmm where shall we go with 10% off Virgin airlines through Amex :-)?
Do you KNOW POSIT+VE? Find out how to be in the KNOW at the Indiana AIDS Fund booth at Indy Pride tomorrow.
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” T.S. Eliot
Devote today to something so daring even you can't believe you're doing it. -Oprah
It's vary important to mix up death sentences. You wouldn't want them to get boring.
The Orioles hit a cutoff man. I repeat, the Orioles hit a cutoff man.
hate when my feet fall asleep omg
Nicole Kidman back to Zac Efron and blonde hair too on set of The Paperboy - Daily Mail
yeah no kiddin! "We'll raise some hell where the blacktop ends."
Wow that was a great opening for October. I can't wait to see all the Buster Keaton!
Ah well! I am their leader, I really ought to follow them! - Alexandre Auguste Ledru-Rollin
Contact us if you like for us to form your next event. We promote adult sports leagues and tournaments!
i respond to everyone who DM's me, in hope it may be Justin Bieber or Austin Mahone's other account for fans.
Thank god I work at a coffee shop
You take the time to listen to our music, why wouldn't we answer!? You're awesome, keep listening! :P
girl your Beautiful!:)
UGH - going to miss #DTHR again today. Will catch the download later....
aren't those cute? He's a sweet kid.
I let you go because I knew that I had to In order to let you be happy
Milwaukee Youth Council meeting today and our main focus is violence and youth safety
Don't forget Dre's party tonight at 7pm at Amandas also if you're not going please go to Harla May's in Belen at 7pm
Romo holder today against the Seahawks...oh boy
night night
just deactivated my facebook today is interesting
I no this may sound stupid but what's diggy twitter
Aha. I love my #twitterbffs cause their always there for me. I can always count on them to talk when I need someone.
Using the browser on the iPad works pretty well now. So try that out. iPad app is in our plans but not ready yet.
Judge Grendell will allow the media to cover #chardon shooting proceedings of TJ Lane but not take photographs of faces of Lane or family
You guys will have some this week. Page 19. RT : can we get some lax love #sickpicthough"
Aww, my sister is crying.. )':
Happy Birthday & thanks for the great play this season, No doubt you're the MVP. Go #Dodgers!
hmm, we might need him in Utah... Skype at minimum. That's 5:30 SD time.
156 and my first turkey! Look what my son's taught me now.
Stop at loaded slate tonight, my friends are in a competition
Great meeting this afternoon w/ to plan our #asu class.... Which by the way... I think will ROCK
1) remember the fundamentals. 2) design for growth. 3) build critical mass early on. 4) create permeable spaces.
Take care
what site was that? so we can check it out...
we're actually working on a show there sometime soon, around April or May. I'll be sure to let you know if anything gets booked
Sorry, Virginia is out, the best climate for avocados is #Fallbrook (San Diego). They can't take too much cold, wind or heat.
Is that _Underworld_ or just you?
happy to include you! So far so good this week-though I feel like it should be Thursday. How's your week going?
#replaceatlsongswithkirken damned if i do kirken
See Mayor Nutter read for #Bloomsday and then join us at Plays & Players for the 3pm show!
One step closer to home. Plane needed two tires in Phoenix. Great week at #spprosummit. Made some new best friends! Door closed. Jere we go
my gf totally works there....aka free yogurt!
MT : Molina sucks at bunting, batting, blocking pitches, everything (except maybe calling games)
Very proud of the Wind Ensemble and Baseball today for outstanding performances. LC Band=5th in state & LC Baseball headed to Victory Field.
Actually Frank Sinatra first said Yolo not that silver back gorilla
#hungergames : good, but don't think it lived up to the hype
See what we did! DA PITBULL IS IN DA HOUSE is trending worldwidee!
Sir, your pinky ring is so offensive/disgusting to me that I must avert my eyes. Unless it's a RingPop, men should never have pinky jewelry.
don't be sad:)
We're closed weekends and provide support during business hours. Our staff should be replying to your ticket soon!
Nephs I don't think any 16 year old should have this hatred.
Watching Shark Tank! :)
Greetings to from half a world away.
Getting ready to interview Kidd Kraddick in the NewTek booth at NAB!!!
Happy one month of married life Hippo Shoes. :-) Love you. Oh that's for those who don't know.
No author here, but me + biblio friends freq shop used bkstores searching 4 gems by loved authors. Hope they don't feel sad.
- Jeannie in I Dream of Jeannie was from Baghdad. Totally reminiscent of the flying sequence of Extraordinary Girl!
I have to pee.
I can really be heartless sometimes... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> got to work on that...
i really don't wanna deal with idiots in school today..I just wanna sleep.
Let's get em Cooke, get some well-deserved goals
#FF Shout outs to these great tweeps:
Laying in bed tired af trying to decide should I get up and get my day started or go back to sleep or jus lay here, morning decisions Lolz
your welcome! Enjoy the last hour and 13 minutes left of your birthday!
The fashion on the show the PARKERS <<<<
Can I put IOUs in the douchebag jar? I only ask because — you know — gotta wear a leap day ascot.
MusicalStop.com lowest prices on the net for Indie Artists! Do a lot of marketing?? Return Customers receive lifetime discount!!!!
Oh, my friend, it's not what they take away from you that counts. It's what you do with what you have left. ~Hubert Humphrey
I dance like a white girl to Breathe Carolina.
Like really gift from God. (:
I put my mom gift on her bed , I wonder if she opened it right now
You don't use my own spell against me. Yes Potter, I'm the half blood Prince-Severus Snape Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince
and her restroom experiences LMAO
Too funny Renegade!!
Thank you ! So randy!
RT : Thought of you RT : I wish I was a super hero so I could fly to see the earth, to fight...
Nvm we have to wait for my brothers girl friend...... Yay......
Time makes you bolder
2 RECORD LABEL TO CALL ME IN MY LIFE 20 THOUSAND AINT ENOUGH FOR 5 MONTHS OF TOURING N SHIT ILL PASS #IMONONE #O'LRELIABLE #WATUP DOE
These next two weeks <<<
no I just never got better
that wouldn't surprise me
Taurus' are very Loyal!
It's the Hay Moon, so make Hay while the sun shines, and make Merry while the moon is full.
Refreshing to see a company & its customers celebrating their partnership! Congrats to all involved at #pug2011. It's all about the people!
Hope ya'll ready. July 1st will be here soon! #topFamEnt will be launching the #EyeCandy- follow us here for 1st dibs pics ;)
Complete this tweet for a chance to win a couple hours of free driving: "Hey , my favorite #Zipcar is __ because it's __"
Oh c'mon! Have you guys never had Dogfish Head? The beer F'n ROCKS! Even when they put Pumpkin in it!
Were you at #webwise today? Sorry I missed you. Hope all is well at the MD State Archives.
Sweet Apple Acres – Original MLP Song by MandoPony | Straight ...
Vintage shopping this morning. Gotta find a mid-50s dress for my JCPenny audition today. This should be fun!
trust me, I missed it purposely.
Update 400, In obligatory form, Is no haiku.
Grateful to have great friends who can shed incite into situations where I have none :)
Come to www.howtowatchhockey.com for all your NHL games live online never miss your team play again enjoy the games live !!!!!!!!
Back off bot-lings. I want not your e-book.
I know, its a little weirdo pocket :p You at work?
As of today, I have a 21-year-old kid. Can you believe that shit?
I be feeling the same way!
Playing Day 1A of the 10k main event today. Been up since 5, already got a workout, swim and huge healthy bfast in. Time to grind..
if u r interested in working w/kids/families c what local head start program is up 2. Luv cultural aspects of nutrition counseling
eat some more or drink water?
Guillen entered with a walker, in a red jumpsuit. He's handcuffed
No... THIS is a Testosterone Festival... www.TexasTestosteroneFestival.com
Happy Valentines Day Sweet beautiful Jewels.xoxo :-)
“: YOLO is NOT an excuse to eat your girl while she on her period .”lmao
but guys im still dying at that skit last night omfg its so freaking funny
And all I want to do is just go screaming in your face
i cant even listen to austin on the radio. its full. fml.
I'll check it out when I have more time, and definitely send you some feedback.
Did you get your room all fixed up?
Ok - I missed something. Meatloaf? Guns N Roses? What did I say to illicit that response. #CrazyMonday ;)
Work at 7am,I am screwed.
yes, common #opengov fallacy! Slight kudos to the Mayor for keeping presence on social media, but optimal:
Gotta love Summer :) <U+E04A>
Got a niga at the YMCA getting work out now I need them angle like hands to work there magic
How is your weekend going? It's been busy on this end. Busy is good, right? That's what they keep telling me!
its such a beautifully depressing song
Haha you can't miss those moves
oh please please come!
Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act. ~ Truman Capote
Yeah BRAC isn't helping me either. A friend of mine just got a mortgage well below what his rent was.
How did I manage to burn these egg rolls?!
thats how my vision is after 2:00 am ... :O
well I've always known that one, I am intelligent without you to a degree haha
ftp script stopped working exactly at midnight #leapdaybug ?
I've never heard of them! Where are they located?
The body burns ALL the flesh as calories moving to next meal...maybe??
People will disappoint you...Isn't it good to know that ALL of GOD'S promises are true???
great day for it! Enjoy!! :)
u know your just <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> lmaoo jk ur the the <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
Optimist reading of poll #s: Dems expressing distaste w/centrism. W/ no alt on Left, Obama wins, moves left in term 2
400$ cause I forgot my court date
RWC final most-watched event in NZ TV history
I wish people would think before they are mean to people.
So upset I just wanna scream
Come hear about the #ReachOutandRead program at 4pm Sun in MCC-352 at #ala11 . Working with doctor clinics a great way to extend your reach!
dm your address and shirt size
You change your mind, like a girl changes clothes. & you, be a mess, like a bitch, I would know.
Thanks SandyRT: #followfriday the fantastic summer interns of : & Thanks for all you do!
THANK YOU for the note and the RT's Really Appreciate it - ENJOY that stick... The Chic'
yep! A woman's work is never done. Or something like that :)
MY FRIEND JUST PLAYED MY GAME I LOVE IT!! HEY TIM
Chuck norris counted to infinity - twice.
saw pics of you on Glee, lookin good !
Made some good progress today on my "Tower of Doom" in Minecraft.
Only seventeen but she walks the streets so mean c;
I so appreciate and see your heart in ur performances! God bless you on this journey!!
Got a headache
Heading to the showbox for our show tonight! Still need tickets? We still have em for 10 bucks just let us know!
"your too sweet you don't need any candy" - lita
Back to the studio this weekend! YES! FIST PUMP! We will have a new album soon, an honest to goodness brilliant effort is coming.
is singing tonight @ in Evanston from 8-Midnight with Dan Bruce, Joe Policastro & Mikel Avery
That Domino's Oven Baked Sandwich >>>>>>>
#happy thanksgiving everyone.
It must have been me? I never had one of their burgers. I feel so ashamed that I put them out of business here in the Springs
Thank you! Titles I wished I'd taken: > . I WORE THE OCEAN IN THE SHAPE OF A GIRL by
Second McDowell Hall mouse sighting this semester in the 7th floor lounge
My girlfriend said we can't hang out this weekend because she doesn't exist.----
Once more for some Bruce love, I'm gonna have to get one of those capos now. It just looks more sleek.
I love sniffing books and I cannot lie.
Watching my man warmup #RondosWife checking in <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>
Merry Christmas, tweeps!!! Hope your day is filled with laughter and happiness. And of course yummy cocktails and foodstuffs.. ;)
Our Book of Lists Gala on Thursday will narrowly miss the weather...good times and good networking for all!
RT : Whiskey Cupcakes from are so freakin good!!!!!!!!!
Oh, Charles! Oh, Caroline! I loved the Little House books very, very much.
i'll check that out.
just created a twitter for our unborn child:
almost in AUSTIN!!!! SXSW get ready! Who's there already? let's hear ya!
Thanks!!! We appreciate your compliments!!!!!
you guys are so
Today is the day! Stock up for the weekend. We have great specials for you. It's hot so don't forget the ice.
"I wasn't that drunk", "DUDE! You jumped in the pipe screaming "MARIO! I KNOW YOU'RE IN THERE!"
Never leave the person you LOVE for the person you LIKE; because the person you like will leave you for the person they love.
super anxious for another lineup release from at least give us a date so we have something to look forward to?
Nic, not yer fault.. Nate didnt put u back in til under a minute left.. Weird cuz you'd been doing ao great on D
Nice! I don't get off the desk till1:30 so hopefully I can dash down and y'all will still have something on the menu
ikr? he made my night :)
I really loved your website and facebook page!!! Lots of great things, thanks for sharing....
there's a 24 hr taco bell. Im in trouble lol
Somebody is gonna get tossed tomorrow. Hopefully it's Bochy!
RT : RT : Tonight is the deadline to submit speaking topics for Ignite Detroit 3. You only have a few hours left!
*laughs* the kitchen is usually a good place to find comfort
I am not important enough for anything that anyone says about me to matter. Spam in a can, you are.
I can't believe I'm saying this....but RIP Steve Jobs. iSad.
There is now a music player on the website featuring 12 songs that I love and love to listen to while I create - Carrie
Indeed! RT : "Patient teacher" is a tautology. "Impatient teacher" is an oxymoron.
.. And we can laugh about it now.... CUZ IT'S NOT MONDAY TODAY!
Music Lessons on Webcams Grow in Popularity
technology... :) problem solved // we need to get you boys in the mag!
“: Did #Torres get sent off for scoring a goal? #RefereeInShock” - LOL!!
too bad I can't swing a multi day trip and catch Stoke too...
RT Playing with Esperanza Spalding on The Daily Show today! Tune in 11pm EST. I'm so grateful for this opportunity.
I'm not as dumb as the look on your face.
THIS GUY
Rockies Take Game One From the Dodgers - Rox Pile
Got my ticket for #EdCampColumbus tomorrow. Looking forward to meeting new campers.
that is more than most people do. I myself am trying to figure out how to help, grandiose maybe, Extremely necessary though.
Haha I cheated on somebody test shit was easy tho .. I'm ready for tomorrow ima ACE the shit outta this social studies ..
What does your friend teach?
Wow! What a great final four game
I'm looking for ppl/orgs that work with firefighter's in #India who may be interested in buying used uniforms at a discounted rate
also, friends stop getting so sick you go to the hospital. stay healthy people! #tooyoungforsick /
I just found out I will be moving to Buenos Aires to teach English! That's what I would say if my life was going somewhere.
Not familiar with Crash Course? Google it and learn about world history and biology in fascinating short videos by and Hank.
She was really concerned about me learning it though !! Even though she wasn't at work lol
It's funny when small children try to be helpful, because they are terrible at everything.
Unabashed for almost 40 years. No secret, that.
something like that
I can do anything through him trainer or no trainer #teamjesus silly man your workout plans arn't the answer, but my God is!
Late night action..Brauny with 3 homers at Petco
Listening to a show abt Native Comic Bk creators/stories..while I draw
Keep your 2012 New Year's Resolutions - #EATMORESOUP - STAY FOCUSED - Call us now for this week's #Soup Specials!!!
“: So, I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe, that you have received it, & it will be yours. -Mark 11:24”
Tweet me once you sign up 1 lucky random sign up will win up to 1800 backlinks
My opinion. Meek Mill- House Party music video is filthy
mine would be Eli
may finally be seeing "The Battleship Potemkin" tonight!. #filmnerd go!
I LOVE MYSELF!!!!!(hopefully not too much, save some for tommorrow)
Do you guys have merchandise?
i cant believe angel has died:( my heart has broken into a million pieces</3 forever and always. rest in piece angel<3
My review of #HungerGames: 1984 + The Lottery + Survivor with some Tim Burton-esque costumes. Kinda long but good. I should read the book.
thanks for the follow!
that picture is awful take it off!! Lol
Yes Sir. You going to be there tonight Young Dank?
I think the blog cleared things up for anyone who didn't understand where u stood. U were in this business b 4 they could talk
I always realize its the wrong bra for the shirt I'm wearing after I leave the house. Why is that?
does curry re-structure mean trade? I'd take a 2nd... As Sanchez develops into franchise QB...Ugh.
Are the sugar pines are plotting to keep the incense cedars from getting jobs? The sequoias are pulling the strings behind the scenes
I know what you mean but it's cool looking.(:
Any Mother's Day Brunch menu to share
Yeah that was good. I like the quote near the end re "sense of the wonder of photography..." So sick of gear reviews.
Join us at 11 this morning for the groundbreaking of the new - in Station North at Barclay and Oliver
congrats to Big time congrats to the #alayma committee member for completing a monumental task
Also, I plan on cooking animals in your kitchen, but will leave it in better shape than I found it. Alright?
I was born in the 90s, I grew up listening to Nickelback songs (unfortunately), son.
have you tried yet?
Obviously I'm over-simplifying a complex topic. But romantic love was seen as subordinate to economic considerations.
Shekinah and Tiny always arguing about money they don't need to be in business together
Jackson, MS the ONLY southern city represented? #surprised!
Drama free Lord. Drama free!
What Whoo Hoo! What'd I miss?!?!
ooh cool little orange stools in the back!
home! So hopefully that'll help xx
Not after the #TweetUpBash last night LOL. I'm a total lightweight!
Arrived in Atlanta for the program with , , ,,
Congrats and thanks for joining in! RT: Yay! Thanks so much! Email sent
hehe I'm Smart!,
Underlying theme at #womcc -- authenticity, authenticity, authenticity!
there's a nest of baby birds (i think) in my proximity and they are very hungry.
we only argue when the lakers on<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
I can pretty much say whatever the fuck I want, when I want! :) if you don't like it ,Unfollow of Delete, I need the space anyways haha
RT Can anybody recommend their favorite MUST SEE movies?? last month of Netflix [Black Dynamite. Ip Man 1 & 2]
will you help me convince my mom to let me see you at playlist live plleeaassee???
What's your guess for the Casey Trial Jury selection location???...I don't think it will be further than 2 hours away
tomorrow my interview at Citi wish me luck!
today has been terrible with our you !
down with #fios up with air.
we got that covered
Tuesday, May 3: Murine CAE Model for Efficient Screening of Novel Therapies for Dry Eye Syndrome (D914) from 3:45-5:30PM.
I'm a very happy Milwaukee Brewers fan. On the bus, y'all.
Of course he does. :((
I'd snap after thus long ass day lol
Just learned about mae west's history. Had no idea of her remarkable BUSINESS career. Google it.
GIRL SCOUT COOKIE deadline has chnged to 2DAY! $3.50 a box. Remember, u can buy & donate cookies to the troops- SMILES 4 SOLDIERS. Tweet me!
#Thatawkwardmoment when you ask someone a question and they look at you like you have lobsters crawling out of your ears
yeah i know and maybe
A year ago the #Brewers had lost seven straight. They won 96 games last year.
let's change that! How have you been buddy? :D
Sounds familiar!RT : #LateNite productivity comes to an end! Lab, reading, volunteering, and writing to come tomorrow.
Now, if he can only be as good as Brennan!!
I found a new park to walk/run, it was laid back too!
Have questions about publishing? Ask Signs editors at #nwsa2012. We'll be in the Collage restaurant from 1 to 3.30 on Saturday November 12.
Smells like snow
Going thru Theo Parrish's complete discography......
Yess let's let these hoes starve!!!
I'm going to try an make it down for at least a beer....
what's good
So tired this morning...
3. Working overtime for extended periods indicates a failure in planning or communication.
#2011musictaughtme Anyone can be a pop star with a drum beat and some autotune:)
Kirko bangs drank in my cup!!!
its a show on abc
Thanks! Our pals at made it.
Justin bieber is gay
Did you find a DIY bike rental yet? I can query the Bike Belles.
Who is enjoying Sara Palin n the #TodayShow?
It's a bowl of cereal for dinner kind of night.
does this go to the courier? "no, I don't think it's getting couried." m curry...
it was a fist to symbolize that I will whip your as lol
#ThingsToBringHomeFromSpringBreak: Seashells, lots of photos, "I Survived Spring Break" t-shirt, wicked tan, that girl's phone number.
we were talking about this earlier. & i feel the same way. Lol
awww and i bet they are a bit costly too
I believe in the underdog. Who chases dreams and breaks down walls.
thought u were gonna come and say hello
everything been gucci this way. wbu?
Don't start no shit won't be no shit..
Ur such an inspiration U changed SO many Ppls lifes U #MakeAChange in the world Many Ppl look up2u even me u make us Stronger!
“: There are 102 flavors of Doritos worldwide.” New mission in life!
Had our holiday party in Cleveland this year. Employees of and came up.
I was thinking the other way around! ;)
lol..I'm soo slow jajaja I just realized was u meant
is beautiful. c;
And the sea is just a wetter version of the sky <3
thanks for the follow, can't wait to connect.
“: That's a far cry from my best, but I'm happy to walk away.” Heard it was really rough.
What in gods name is Adam Jones doing right now? Why did he take any of those swings? And why did Wieters just swing at the first pitch?
says never trust a guy with a bow tie. i might agree...
Ya Funny Lol Ol Wolf Lookin Ass
I'm shocked! (but I won't tell your mom)
'Dredd' is dark and gritty, says executive producer - Digital Spy
Being at the doctor sick <<<
In my opinion, they all are :x
Check out the talented Ajay Parham Don't miss out! 9PM - 1AM I $15 I
We'll be here too! RT rad, we're going to host a zine workshop this saturday for teco( teen council) #diy or
Ima act a plain damn fool tomorrow cause thats the closest class to us.
Startup funding: 10 teams, 10 weeks, $20,000. Apply to 10x by 11:59 pm May 6. Get your ideas out of your head and into the market....
Get out of the rain and enjoy some beer. We also have the #CAPS on.
I am yes! I am looking to do the side by side format - do you offer that?
Great TD Tone, Saved our season!!! One of the more clutch receivers n the game, Pittsburghs lose is def our gain.. Go Jetz!!!
Normally if we were eating we'd start a food fight lol
You would have to been thru something to talk about it
and i wish i knew you as well sexy. ;)
thanks for the follow!
They don't make em' like Bing Crosby anymore.
This summer, fly abroad - Hindustan Times
I couldn't sleep so I have been up all night
I just caught myself body pumping while watching America's best dance crew. In no way is that embarrassing.
Actually not *that* cheap, and fairly tasty. Columbia Crest "Two Vines" 2006 Chardonnay. From WA state, ~$10/bottle.
No great man or woman of God is without enemies who bash their names and accuse them of wrong doing.
When I Go To School I Smile When I Walk In The Doors
Watching cellblock 6: female lock up <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> it's so good to be on the outside<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0085>
just released the greatest album #TheFlood BUY IT TODAY!
we sometimes have problems w/ students' hygiene (not bathing/using deodorant & reeking of smoke)
What does your favorite tattoo look like?
I have to go ..im tired ..good night everyone : )
He woke up wet at 2, so I changed him and the bed and he slept until 7!!!
Though late, he came to see me, hugged me, kissed me, cuddled with me, smoked with me, laughed with me, and smiled at me. #HesAKeeper ^_^
Camping out at a nearby outlet at SFO like a boss.
i LOVED that mad men moment.
Just told the tigers gave up 8 runs in the first and she says, "they have GREAT defense."
Hahaha, I wish. Gonna finish this today and then sneak off 2morrow and go crappie fishing. May even go Sunday too. Take mom :)
#Imagine you're crying in your room. Then Liam walks in. He says nothing. He holds you tight and gives you a soft kiss on the lips.
addai or carter tonight?
Last weekend of school! Can't wait to have my life/time back
You dont need someone else to tell you who you are. You need someone else to to tell you they love you for who you are.
I just wanna make it.
Cute, you suck at returning my calls...prob just dont wanna talk.
Heading to the Denver Zoo for our first Summer Playdate!
Check out Create Your Reel - they are the best place to get a reel!
If your "why" is strong enough, you will figure out "how" no matter the "what."
either but I thought u was speaking of the movie
I wish I was like 6'9 So I can get with Leoshi Cause she don't know me but yo she's really fine
COMING UP NEXT INSANE FT ON THE DJ QUE ELEVEN SHOW
Cleaning, Cleaning and MORE cleaning! Knocked out a lot.. All that's left is the Kitchen and Keari's room but I'm not going into her room ;)
maybe he is intimidated by your beastliness and doesn't want to be shown up by you
I like this guy... RT : A1: Today, it is just so much more important to set yourself apart from everyone else.
Fascinating research using tactile sensations in art. Colleen Ludwig from #UWM at
Sigh. Let's see it again. Roger...oh, roger...
On the road again lil airbrush glow time in lex let the glam begin!
GO TO THEY HAVING A 25% SALE TODAY ON ALL #CLOTHING AND
Manhattan-drunk Amber wishes you a fantastic Cinco de Mayo Eve and all ensuing manner of wondrousness!
Intramural basketball and racquetball sign-ups are happening now! Stop by PE 043 and get your team signed up to join in on the fun!
thanks for the follow and following back ...)
Eliminate pet treats containing gluten.
Went there many times as a kid! It's awesomely fantasy inducing! Would by-pass Disney for this.
It's May 1st you know what that means! Mango Tango!!! Eegees!
Shot Caller
happy mothers day!!!
Wow!! What a touchdown by Smith!!
Watching #criminal minds
Everyone says St. Louis fans are so intelligent. Two of these dummies have reached over and touched live balls tonight.
I once asked my dad why we didn't build a cloud city on Jupiter (like in Empire). He looked at me like was a genius but stone cold nuts.
BA BA BA BECKY AND THE JETS! hahahahhahah
Most of the YA books I've read for class have been about 250-400 pages a piece. Depending on the genre.
: Just read your profile.....and I feel the same way! Life can drive you crazy, if you allow it to!
Hows everyone doing to day?
Thanks for a fun & informative night at AFTRA. Great to see you again!
RT Decided to do some exercise. Feel better for it.
Michael Blackson is
chillin at Ex'pression College for Digital Arts...winter album, here we go!
Did you know "DIET" stands for: Did I Eat That?
I wanted to BUY hot wings mon, not MAKE it.
She says racial like ray-cee-al
There's nothing like Truth.
Twitter friends...please disregard latest tweet from Thursday morning...I've been hacked...please delete immediately...Thanks!!!
Arkansas basketball starts at 2 today in Fayetteville!! WPS
Thanks to , and you all looked amazing!!
Yep, as Mark Schneider predicted that meeting was half salon and half saloon. Damn hangovers are a bitch. But what fun.
Check out this hashtag for job advice! RT : We're looking for advice for college grads! Tweet your advice with
Go ahead and push me away and then wonder why I'm not there when you change your mind.
Self-publishing is certainly (already!) an option for academic writers, but w/out the $2.5 in sales. Q is: tenure? *drink*
The cord to my beats fell out and is gone -_- awesome.
. Wow, love your list of adventures. i do have to hold my tongue hard when my kids are doing big outdoor things.
Drugs, sex, abuse, and cheating... Your everyday eavesdropping at a California Starbucks. Reminds me of... Oh wait.
we should go to a museum or gallery soon!
sure are
Carlyn Davis Casting Thank you for the audition today! Always great to work with you.
who will be our lucky 700th fan?
#quotes #nature A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song.
#nw Metta World Peace on Conan
Prepping for afternoon cast and crew meeting/rehearsals for my new short film "Friends."
Welcome our newest members to the Milwaukee Chapter! Quincy Means, Joyce Feaster, and Alfred Jefferson!
I wish boys weren't so oblivious to things...
i got horrible news about 6 hours ago
working on some lyrics if you want to help out ;)) lol
Honey Cocaine >>>>>
they are human! Cannot expect them to get every call right Jesus.
Smooth Jazz Pike over at the station!
Summer is fast approaching and now is the time to find special needs activities for your child.
Yum. How do u like ur pimento cheese? Spicy, mild, sharp????
5 TTs! Man That's Just The Way We Roll ;)
look at my tweets and there's a pic its no that far down :)
Walking with casey:)
WELL BE IN DENVER COLORADO FROM JUNE 14-17! Book your photo session today! 1-310-808-8583
Sounds interesting ... just be safe!
I'm walking the dog
Ok Good.
Just had triple 6 flop at holdem table
Truest of the true metal tomorrow. Cannibal Corpse - tomorrow - Exit/In.
So. I got yelled at for being by the windows and the door. But I did manage to get a glimpse of POTUS' motorcade as it passed by. Success!
#WeirdFactAboutMe is I love old cars!
she likes warm liquids on her face
She be trapped in the trash
yum, gluten free brownies!
I am taking the train tomorrow and then will carpool the rest of the days. *may* stay in town sat night..
well technically she didnt decide who won so how can she feel bad? The Grammy people voted....
I'm going to miss you
was there and heard it too.
Not only is it free to enter Summerfest until 3pm but has a 30% sale off our remaining Milwaukee apparel!
i even preptt the chicken for tomorrows chicken with penne & sauce mm
Smart ass!
I'm losing everyone important to me ,when does it stop?
Sand in my softbox made me smile today. Miss you !!
Come to visit our patio and side walk Cafe. We have 1/2 off all appetizers on Sundays! Delicious food!
i mean how can anyone turn down beer, bacon & corruption?
no u don't
just got off the turnpike. Home soon!
Yes, I understand that.
drink extra for me while I'm working <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Good morning everyone :)
most of the time
#FF Great meetings this week , , and ! Please
I miss my civies
Math is like love; a simple idea, but it can get complicated.
#games Konki Throw
We hope you will join us for our #BlackHistoryMonth sermon today at 10am at Second Bapt. Church, West End, 1400 Idlewood Ave.
Know any good stories this year?
thanks for the RTs!
Who is ready for #Thanksgiving? Fun fact: Benjamin Franklin wanted the turkey to be the national bird of the United States
#NF follow back so I can DM you
Parks and Rec is back! I'm in love with every single person on this show and yes, Ron's mustache counts as an entity all on its own.
Huntsman: advocates Congressional term limits.
Call me
Neither in this world nor elsewhere is there any happiness in store for him who always doubts. - Bhagavad Gita
I think that I'm going to work on my art project for maybe an hour. Then I"m taking a nap so I will be ready for work tonight.
Pretty much any art store or drafting supplies place should have them. They're usually called "non-photo blue pencils."
I recently started playing "Draw Something." Now if only the morons I'm playing could Spell Something.
So Ive heard that the WHC match was only a couple of seconds.
low cost pet vaccine clinic today from 1 to 2:30, and free treats too...
What video did you watch?
as in repeat you mistakes...
I mean brenbren for dinner and I ate too much. Uggg. Do you work tomorrow?
same! i woke up early and got ready? weird
I do!
RT : Gov Dayton signs education omnibus bill. Good news!
Pandas and Panic Attacks.
True. Both Williams and Ralph average 1 BPG and are equal with around 7 blocks so far this season.
Semi-finalist and student from Point Park University, Chelsea Ringer has changed her hair more than 5 colors in the past 3 years!
Smokers are stinky.
Thanks for an amazing time fighting childhood cancer tonight!!
I lied.....I was not ready for the weekend. Tired! But let's go Jayhawks!
Excited for tomorrow because i present my senior project tomorrow then I'm done with religion(:
Am1 is about the State's role in defining marriage. So long as the State defines marriage, traditional marriage makes most sense
Only time will tell, but I LOVE the balls of that move and I LOVE RG3 at every level as a prospect.
Hope you enjoy it ": Thanks for sharing. I've got something to check out over the weekend.”
Literary agent or literary agentrepreneur? (those who go beyond literary circle)
There are a lot Range Rovers downtown today.
Beautifying the world one pixel at a time.
The greatest need right now is turkeys. They can dropped off @ 1130 Park Ave West. But anything helps! THX!!
Ain't no point of wasting your time when everything gone remain the same .
But Tyron still didn't tell me at all tho
Or am im just a fresh rare ass nigga.......
So excited that it's football season!!! Wishing I was going to Nashville with everyone for the first game!!
Was wondering what the tip comment meant. Just saw the hacker tweet to you. Ridiculous. Wonder what else they sent...
A posse of newspeople at the Convention Centre for press conference w/Trayvon Martin's parents.
That's is a good idea. We've had a couple impromptu movie nights. We drag the couches in the big room w/ the projector. :) ^dr
Killing time at westshore mall in Tampa until chipotle opens. Taking myself out to lunch.
“: This shit ain't overnight get on your grind jack juheardd” I think he's calling you out
Who's up for a graduation gift? Just shout 'put it on myTab' and see the graduation travel cash roll in. Bigging it up for students!!
its all good. I jus been waitin for that
agreed!!! But I'm not one of them!!! It's not all of #BullsFam it's the dick riders that jumped on the wagon a month ago!!
Thanks for the shout out, And thanks for the comment as well!
o m g
Jesus loves u But i think youre an asshole
If your brand, your product was a person who would it be? Design personas for your business
great song!
Terrific ending. Never get tired of watching The Usual Suspects. So many classic one-liners too.
please repost the picture of the #toms ballet flats! It wont open and I must see!
#AGoodGirlfriend doesn't let her man's eyes wonder.
Seriously though...I love that boy:)<3
i'm just lovely! how have you been?
Can't beat winter weather in LA...
Sings of spring: breaking out the fancy socks to wear with your sandals.
i was doubting myself for a bit, but then something popped up in my research that was perfect!!!
Champions r champions not b/c they do anything extraordinary, but b/c they do the ordinary things better than everybody else-Chuck Noll
Soo my life was going good. Until you showed up. You made life amazing for me<3
haha awesome! Glad you got a pic of it... send that to my phone so I have a bigger version ya feel me
what a great Twitter battle
Excited to finally finish up my stock photography portfolio tomorrow!
That was a mess and a half! People used the same argument to keep blacks from voting back in the day....
LET'S GOO BOYS!
Skipped yoga to watch the game. Let's go Suns!
is that my cousin gary? In ya avi
My puppy is getting fixed today, and I'm one nervous mommy!!
“: Lunch on the water” Fire in the sky?
Alright Greg, give up the "killer banana pudding recipe"! :-)
I use too couldn't stand and now I can't stand too live without them
#Caps Troy Brouwer sure seemed ready for tonight's game in his intv on wtop.
Hey Dana, thanks for the RT! Wish they would update that list, it's already 3 years old.
thanks for the RT!
waking up at 3am with a migraine makes morning research paper productivity virtually zilch. ugh.
Drop by for Pub Quiz tonight at 7:30pm and enjoy food & drink specials while competing for great prizes!
Tampa Bay HC Greg Schiano is a class act. The Bucs signed former Rutgers DT Eric Legrand who was paralyzed in 2010. Very touching story...
oh my gosh.. i need to buy kennedy's shirt they better not sell out in 5 minutes.
This Tom Morello solo project is terrible, but I kind of love it. He sounds exactly like Leonard Cohen.
I was totally shocked the other day seeing a young mom yell at her son "come here n---!" #dto good times.
Hey! I don't do hugs! Leave me out of this! *shakes fist*
I hope there's no karmic retribution for eating bibimbap in front of an egg-o-phobe. I shouldn't have done it. With every burp I worry more.
Apparently the leader got a cramp, and the team was pretty hard core so it was known.
Hmm, i wonder what kind of ratchetness is on world star right now...lets find out!
Just woke up. Turned on HBO. Saw a little girl fall into a giant peanutbutter sandwich. I'm going back to sleep
When people realized they were being screwed on taxes a couple of years ago, we threw the mayor out on the street.
Grumpy Old Fan | Three new comics, two new Earths - Comic Book Resources
There is a chance I be able to go in June. Plus London. Crossing fingers. :)
left me today to go to work at that place & made me a very sad dog, but she seems happy =) so I'm happy
yaP thats y i have a navigator i get lost ALL the time
Just gorged myself on steak and bone marrow. I love being a carnivore. In other news, I am pumped for Walking Dead tomorrow.
I think I don't want that 1 anymore lol "MsTatted" or "SoJuicy"??
In an increasingly #competitiveworld, every #organization whether commercial, government or non-profit needs to stay ahead to survive
Eddie Murphy?
: Gah! I totally wanted to do that today! Which are you choosing? (I wanted Crave, but alas, no froyo por yo.)
!!ugh its so bord aint num to du!!!but get high have sex n party dnt ppl gt tired of tht!!
Listening to yell at my sister is awesome :)
I direct messaged you all the usernames & password info
ok who shouldn't I follow on here?
Upper crust!
You kissed the lips of evil, two months it all the same. You begged for this man's approval, like all the rest you'll die in vain!!!!
Oh no... not again.
you're gonna be all close and stuff! sorta lol
- I guess my original Tweet was more about degree. Fallon was well done, but an appearance on #SNL might possibly damage?
my friends and I chat it's kinda fun for me
Excited to work with a great publication at The Gourmet Experience! Visit their website at www.diningout.com/sandiego.
He'd be wise to choose Denver, I think Broncos become Super Bowl contenders if they ink him and Wayne follows along.
when your farts have their own defined smell...
which game?
Wow. Manchester City wins the title with two stoppage time goals. Best end to an EPL season ever?
I saw dat knew harry potter film
Risky Business ... Then a run through the mountains, followed my Renee's bday party!
Vision and logic of the creative process. What lessons and guides should I listen for.
Win or go home Cowboys. Muah-ah-ah-ah.
Let's film people underwater. Cool? Cool.
just got back from buying a Packers Championship license plate, pennant, and car magnet.
Yea shit I been off twitter for a while but all the bullshit has brought me back so get at me world yo boy is back holla
I'm sorry to miss your #obscuraday event - will be out of town, unfortunately! I know it'll be great - and I hope you have fun!
they have the cheese and Bielema is determined to pair it with whine.
We're here! Checking in @ the hotel later. Coffee and easy morning in progress now. Ah, the joy of waking up slowly.
Those Crocs are cute! I like them!
‘Abdu’l-Bahá is now at the Masonic Temple across the street, speaking to the national convention of the Bahá’í Temple Unity.
2012 election. He knows if he takes the progressive hard stance against war and banks he will not get support of $ and the complex.
"Do Unto Other's As YOU Would Have Them Do Unto YOU."
I just want to go back to sleep
Boutta cook!!! Yum
50% increase in staff layoffs alone this year. No, that won't hurt quality of education one bit.
Food always taste better when someone buys it for me
Never mind... The assumption based on perception that something may happen when the facts show otherwise shows an issue...
Useful firehose of info on configuring, modifying, testing Harvester. Again, must get slides.
Oh, how I wish I had a spare $3,000 dollars to spend. Seriously. I need my own computer, editing software and new camera. #WhyCantIBeRich?
Hey football fan come on out to Cup Of Joe's for something to take the chill off before the game, nothing like a Hot Mocho..
Today was my second-favorite performance by Brett Myers ever.
All guys are not the same.. Don't let a trifling ex mess it up for your future
Happy Thanksgiving, love you son!
The Green Mile in my pants!
Would twitter stop telling me to follow James Corden. I have no desire to do such a thing !
Today I am honored to be a panelist at the 2012 Florida Conference of Black State Legislators "State of Black Florida" event.
"so if he's being a cunt because he's in ireland being a posey band twat then he can kiss my ass" hahahahahahaah i am so in love with her.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANDROID TABLET PC REVIEW 10" Tablet PC, Google Android 2.2, Webcam,
"All men by nature desire knowledge"--Aristotle
kills me Lol. That's the last time I leave my phone at home.
Please check out our website an email your comments to THANK YOU
Reading our Ruby Dee interview transcript:she said some powerful things about Hansberry, black theater, and, of course, A Raisin in the Sun.
#OneThingILove Jesus Christ!
Just heard a great term at #atsummit: "acronymia". Be afraid, be very afraid.
I didn't think I'd have a plan, but I wrote an outline for the A to Z blogging challenge. April, I'm ready.
56 yeas ago Rosa Parks was arrested for refusing to give up her seat to a white man. A quiet courageous act that changed America.
Just purchased the new Eye Catchin Media Official Van!
I make decisions every day of the week. Why do so many other people put them off to Friday?
no worries. Hope all is well and look forward to seeing you. Thanks!
ma nigga i'm faded faded faded
Got my annual Black Friday shopping check in from Mike Reyes. Now I can rest!
Might be 2nd biggest win of the year for Gritty effort, styfling defense and clutch shots. Comeback from 9 at half close 20-2 run
is just my Promo twitter but this is my real account
Check out the Docu-Rama Film Series at the Green Valley Library! This week it's 1964 New York Worlds Fair footage, 12/29/11 @ 6:30pm!
got my first christmas present!
Thanks for the follow!
The ignorance some people show... Smh...
"I think the major lesson is be good… do good. You are what you put out there; whatever you want in life you have to give it away first."
Happy opening day, !! Best of luck this season!
show was on fire tonite. Cleveland pride
This week specials on all MacBook repairs. Visit us at AppleTekGuru.com
hey what page did we need to go to in our workbook?
Wow, this Bruce Willis track is a HEATER.
Would love that! #NYC was awesome! Next week is crazy for me, how about the following week? Wed/Thursday?
Holy crap! is following mine and justin bieber fan account.... Im screaming my head off
6 mile stroll down #riverside with Dakota and #Fenway, collecting final thoughts on #draft, hours away..
"We lose libraries at our peril," Marilyn Johnson
"Do research on all of the counties." Ask a search engine first
if keeps it up he'll be in KC this July playing 1B for the NL #Brewers #getupgetouttaheregone!
when somebody says "one" and you automatically think "direction"
Just one word: "Logistics." It's all about logistics....Ohio Means Business that is. Next on time warner ch 362
Good morning Portand and Vancouver!
i dont let anyone see me cry, i dont even think kristas even seen me and shes been my best friend since pre k
See you chicks tonight! MT Party in Gowanus! Twig is excited to celebrate #TinyWorldTerrariums! Good look,
~Thomas SzaszWhen neither their property nor their honor is touched, the majority of men live content .
I'm not scared of anythin!. I just don't like certain things....
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 44
Congrats to , , , Rep Craig Eiland & Rep Diane Patrick. TX #hospitals appreciate your support!
Motto for the day...... listen more and talk less....
definitely not a healthy diet for that kind of schedule.
mine is ji hoo!!! I will forever love him. And u?
I'm transitioning with oyin. My hair has never been happier!
2 phat nightclub show's this past weekend.. yowsa yowsa!! DJ Matt Riley
yeah it was :/ but you know what? That was some good Orange juice wasn't it? Lol
LMFAO that made my night.
this is true. I gotta get a bandeau doe cause I got no chest!
Something about a kitchen and a bathroom being right next to each other just isn't cool with me.
o_o ignorant person is ignorant.
just bored hbu?
lol naw you put yourself out like that lol
Dude, it was ALL Jay Bennett.
errm sorry I'm engaged :] if I was single…
its in hudson at my aunts house we'll probable do like 5 tunes or something
Just noticed that we're the only Boston store in Best '12 ; we've already won! But vote for us anyway, please!
Hopeless romantics are only that way because their solicitations are not appreciated by the ones they thrust their love upon.
Chelsea Lately Live on Thursday! Can't wait!
That was the best! 2funny RT : This #WolowitzWedding episode is hysterical.
let's switch places? haha!
btw...i don't call you amazing cause I'm a fan, I'm a fan because you're amazing, never forget :) love you so much .x
Live tweeting from Mexic-Arte Museum.
so how old r u
Never say you have failed until you have reached your last attempt and never reach your last attempt until you have succeeded.
": Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!!" And to you also.
I have. It's so true haha
#TwitterlessDavidBrown smells like poop and eats onions for lunch everyday
Aw yeah, it feels good to be in DC!
okay. And we are forsure hanging out this weekend (:
Thanks for the shout out!!! RT : Yay for Christian Rock! Go follow because they're amazing
Who ever decided DJ AM was good? And why the hell is devoting an entire weekend to his shitty, non-dance mixes?
Finally back in Baltimore and heading straight to bed. Got a lot of catching up to do from this Sunday in Sports in the am
Don't you love have Twitter and ESPN slanders Chris Bosh 24/7 until he gets hurt. Than we all make it seem like Heat lost Bill Russell.
never was able to find that slump buster...
Laughed out loud at your comments to Colton + Billy Joel.
Thank you again #Nier Trier High School
try not to throw 37 pick sixes.
#HOWLive is NEXT MONTH! So excited!
how do I get your fan mail address ? <3 8
reading in Avery again later then? Those design books...
Next week I plan on gettin another tat & piercing. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Zach Parise with two goals and Ryan Miller with the shutout... GO USA!!! ALL THE WAY!!!
nvm...wont be able to go to school till tuesday. :( working a full day tomorrow
why would you have to spend it alone?
i love you man, i can't wait to watch you next year!
You're welcome! And, thanks to you in return!
We've come to the end of our first #adaptivechat. Thanks to our gracious moderator, , and of course all who participated!
graveyard double feature - THE COOLER + Cheech & Chong's UP IN SMOKE. tonite at 4am. movies & mai tais. only at Frankie's
Well that's really stupid. It's ok though. I know I can't really stop the stuff that I put on tumblr. Even pics of Austin.:/
Good morning..
Cold-cut sndwchs 4 lunch meetings is overdone! Try gyros & kabob sandwiches for lunch and see how happy employees can be. ;)
goes on in 1 minute. *sigh* I should be there!!
Been looking 4 this #stevejobs quote "character is built not in good times, but in bad; not in a time of plenty but in a time of adversity"
RT : #Art RT : How green? Eco only offers products made from recycled, reused & natural materials. Also walk the walk...
welcome to #PackerNation cant wait to see you and play together!
my loneliness is something to laugh at. I do it all the time lol
you got me. So jealous!
Guess what? is following me. I feel so fancy!
6.14 miles for the day. I am spent.
extreme circumstance, living in a foreclosed rent free house thus no repercussions for damage.
I know! Very annoying little boy... It never pays to taunt the zombies!
Wake up! Good morning world!
Try Mercurial.... it's still DVCS but a lot less high-maintenance ;)
Reggie2.0 will have 3 at bats so I'm taking the over
- I didn't think they were ready last year and they made it. I think they're better this year so I feel like they SHOULD.
And yes, that last tweet was exactly 140 chars - do I get extra street credits or something?
on my own...party labell digs me
Ha ha! Excellent analysis!
I wanna webcam someone.
Elvis Costello & The Attractions - Lip Service - 11:36 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
happy hearts and farts :)
I've done quite a few over the past few years
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #socialmedia because they help me support the causes I care about. Pls RT
For my yoke is easy to bear, and the burden I give you is light. Matthew 11:30,
Agreed! It's been mine for months now.
So tired and not finished with hw, and class at 8:20am
I made only one chick squirt before - it scared the shit outta me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
love you way more <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Action Item has announced that their video for their upcoming single 'Learn To Fly' will be released THIS Wednesday, Aug 3rd! Who's excited?
nice...well everyone out there waiting for me...i fear none of them
RT : Martin and Emma Volunteer Abroad in La Serena, Chile: My favourite memory: On our first day at the orphanage, as......
it was for Pierre’s birthday, right around whenever that was posted.
We want to support Breast Cancer Awareness month. Please join us at Blue Martini 10/22 8-11pm. Together we put an end to cancer.
Thanks for the input! We'll consider these features/changes for future releases.
Good stories all make a promise...that it will be worth your while. Andrew Stanton
If u wanna help us get on college radio and have time, email !!
More than the #production process, I love post-production when it's all put together. Like finishing a jigsaw
Good Morning Harper!
Well I Just finished playing with my stick. Man That was the biggest stick I have ever seen fall of a tree ;3
Or...couldn't we just ask? :)
I'm going to make better decisions tomorrow.
Thank you! It must be stated, et. al includes from plus for a super unified print/online design
what's up Breau?
"Legal counsel is not the office of 'no'". Contracts and the cloud... #EDU11 #E11_FS13 and neither is the office of the CIO
Hey : raising student loan rates is no different from any other tax increase, except that a lot of us can afford it even less.
"STRESSED" IS DESSERTS Spelled backwards! Take care of it with one of our delicious cakes! WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
The Return on Design Conference will be back in 2013. This year we're having our Work Show honoring local design
Because Obama is a Muslim or something. RT : #Defund the National Endowment for the Arts. // why?
Agreed. ": Classy. tweets congratulations to incumbent , whom he challenged for at-large director @ #EIJ11"
Thanks for the follow! You guys are offering some great insight into Internet marketing. Keep up the great work.
Yes!!! RT : www.tilteed.com !backwards shirt today's for link the tweeted we think I
#GWU, last chance to win a VIP Reception with #GlobalChef Torsti Uotila from Finland. Simply RT this!
yu can't
Everyone should see #Bully , it's trully terrible what is going on.
She'll come around. They always do.
Watching some Tyler Perry movies on a Sunday evening. Sounds good to me :)
Sick, sun burnt, and running on 3 hours of sleep. :(
Coachella GA tickets for the first weekend....gone!
That is an excellent plan! You going to Indy, I assume? I'm undecided.
I didn't have a mom growing up. Mother's Day was lousy. I'm glad God took the sting out of this day by blessing me with a beautiful family.
OH YEEAAAHH (in my craig & B voice)
thanks Judith, hope to see you soon
I'm not a fan of the NO Saints, but I think it's outrageous they haven't given Drew Brees whatever contract he wants
": RT Kelly met with general manager Mark Dominik and members of the Glazer family this past week." uh oh
Come to our show May 12th! We have a new stand-in bassist and we have a huge suprise that never has been done before at our show!
Deals Liverpool: 73% Off at Holistic Therapy Spa and Tarot Lounge from Groupon MyCityDeal
Ok?? you're rude
We're currently applying for some festivals next year. Hope to see you out at some.
Awesome! I'd love to hear a story about a specific research project(s) and how GBS helped you. Email brandon AT arl DOT org.
congrats on your engagement! I do business in Boston twice per year. Let's meet up there!
L'z FOR THEM HITTAS!
I miss you too boo!
thank you!
Poor Rob. So some guy on 395S thought his super power was the ability to pass through cars in his Crown Vic. Turns out, it wasn't
Thank you! He's a boy though. :D
Wasted entire day stranded in Swissvale w/ no internet getting car worked on. Taxes are done. Find out what I owe 2morrow. #HurtPieceWeek :/
Wow you sure are popular!
Read Daredevil: Yellow by Loeb & Sale yesterday. Not a big DD fan, but the book was great. L&S are one of my top creative pairs in comics.
And hubs just reminded me of Alfafa's downtown. I haven't been there in awhile but it should be good
RT : Sometimes in trying to become all things to all people, you have BECOME nothing.
is getting it done across the board in every sport.
Big Papi is washed up.....
I had a dream lastnight. made $15,008. And this is the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.
Plus, it's warm today. Do you want to sit in a theater full of dudes rocking leather pants? Haha!
Goodnight Alex sleep good(:
Yes, this time last year was crazy. I was prepping for the final shuttle launch and trying to find a new job. Hectic times!
I do! And no class taken.
RT : Calling all members! Tell us your best/favorite stories about the NextSpace Effect, win $1000 bucks!...
its so weird! I hurt them at different times!!!
Hanging with finest manny montiel
I wish I could straighten my hair more often. People tell me I look like a celebrity (not sure what that means) or a child (compliment?).
&uarr; Great Deals on Digital Video Pen Recorder High Def Watch them back
I'm ok! Thanks! Just still shocked but i'm fine! Yes, everybody was there, security guards and the police!
“: looking forward to seeing you tomorrow, !” Hooray for coffee (& breakfast...)! :-)
oh yeah... there is always time for a jig ;)
Thanks for the follow I will look for you in DC next weekend I'll be there Sat - Mon
definitely. 3 consecutive nights of cooking! That's big for me!; )
": Every yo-yo trick should be called "no friends."" Haha amazing
Thanks for RTs and Mts and
Just had a very successful audition :)
Pretty sure I failed that spanish test today. #NoMeGusta <U+E421>
All I really learned from this movie is that field hockey scholarships bring out some seriously cutthroat competition.
Uuuhhh..... Why was my News Feed back in October 24th? How does that happen???
Have not been to sleep yet
FOLLBACK PLEASE.. :D
Catching up on The Good Wife and Mad Men after an incredible day today! LA is just full of interesting people! I love it!
can't wait to see!
He wants you to share his band link Lol
And very possibly in part of the old AFWA building, as yet to be determined.
People can come up with statistics to prove anything. 34% of people know that.
oh cool go to hot topics there asome there :)
Surprised Romney actually won
Never felt so alone.
Yoooo what's good my nigga??? How that song come out???
I've owned the Rambo trilogy for less than 24 hours and my wife is already recommending that I give them to Goodwill.
Handout Comics #2 contributors also include: , , Erik Schneider, & me! Happy Free Comic Book Day!
ikr! i took a little break from twitter thats why hahahhaa. but im goo. you?
It's okay Jay!!! Yuh can have him as a friend.... Yuh don't have to delete Him!!! I was just asking Sis!!!
I won't disagree. Especially not right now :)
Harden is niceeeeees
can u say something else besides we the best and YMCMB
that's cool xD wow I'm so late..
Ok I think I like this one best :)
aw thanks(:
Charlie Sheen Might Make Cameo in 'Hangover 2?'
Cleveland winning thats new
Its live in Diamond South
I'm not sure why FTP likes to slow down to a crawl at 4:55.
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous. -- Coco Chanel.
CHICAGOO tomorrow with my boy hella excited !!
That awkward moment when someone tells you how much you hate someone, and then the next day they're bestfriends.
What do you think of her hair?
I'm sure you'll be laughing for 42 years straight about harry's acting.
Confession: im addicted to animal 101!!
hahahhaha no, I have contacts saved from FB on my phone, & when I type your name,like, 5 different numbers come up!
yeah your following me.
amare and boris diaw, pre-fat Boris, got suspended for leaving the bench, but doing nothing, after rob horry hip checked Nash.
my sister is BOSS!<<< YOU JUST GOT HACKED! -
We have a new server / network ready - vpn-as3 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
May the 4th be with you too, Andy!
#FF he has pretty teeth! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Finally something worth watching!
Football is here so watch the quads and adductors. Read my blog on Youth to the Core on flexor issues http:/bit.ly/lcWCrt
You show proof of the mistake. "It was a mistake, I was wrong." But never apologize.
Perseverance is failing nineteen times and succeeding the twentieth. - Julie Andrews
eh... i kinda like kate2thelyn, but okay! :D if i get like bored with it, ill change it back :-* luv uu
Haven't really tweeted much... Gotta step it back up again.
Drunk and high at the same time, drinkin' champagne on the airplane
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless ...my team at Beloved Moving Images
can it be next wed now?
just curious what's a onezie?
I guess some people will never grow
Word! RT : a Beverly Hills address seems more important, but its not. We get the job done without wasting gas and time.
Thanks for the retweet!
VZ store, or 3rd party purchase? Considering something similar for my Charge.
Thanks for your RTs and mentions!
Heads up: has an incorrect 2003 listing for tonight, may not record if set to "New episodes" only.
: At what point in a relationship can you start requesting w/your lover the use of inanimate objects in bed?
i love life....
miss you bro. When you getting back to SF?
I gotta go home and change yo. This kid copping my colors.
Eavesdropped on production meeting in cafe. Boldly introduced myself. Producer sent me nice email!
Urban Beans, another reason to love Central Phoenix!
I enjoyed watching u get your dance on this AM while watching , my legacy to , perform on the 1 & 2s.
Glad to be here tonight, thank you for hosting this fabulous chat!
Thanks to our new Abigail Watkins for redesigning our LOGO. Thanks Abigail, you're the best.
Thanks so much!
k CS pica!!
Protect the ones you love, take stands, don't be a pushover, and be willing to make a few enemies.
lol. Awkk(': I thought it was Angel talking to me from heaven at first... <333 haha
That were indeed valid & valuable points. Thank you for sharing your views!
should follow me. Cause I'm cool, like them.
RT : Photo: via : JUST RELEASED: The 2012 season of Midsummer Night Swing has been announced! The......
haha. if I'm feeling particularly self-hating I'll eat a slice
"they'll be there soon" and an hour later<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
One paper down and one more to go!
": hey my friend, Where R U, France or states ?" <--- I live in Los Angeles
In Nashville recording my album w/the MOST AMAZING musicians in Nashville! These guys have played on all my favorite songs on the radio!!!
sorry I haven't replied just found message just followed
His son's a disembodied intelligent vagina, right?
I love the way you make me laugh
check out our newest photos on our FB page
Been to quite a few. When I lived in WV & visited in the summer, used to see Bluefield a lot.
Getting primed for the weekend with drinks, drinks and more drinks.
Dead in trangressions, alive in Christ
I just love how my niece was too busy to come see her aunt! I think my feelings are hurt. You could have just said hi :(
Getting back into writing mode. Outlining the superhero/Reno 911ish ensemble comedy.
At for a drink. Already disappointed that "bartender" read menu to make drink & no hand washing bf touching things in drink.
safe travels. good luck today!
omg I am praying for you in a major way. Cannot even imagine.
I do try mighty hard!
i was thinking about it too!!! if you go, i'll try my best to go :)
IF I TAKE U OUT OF THE PICTURE REAL NIGGAS WON'T MISS YA!
Sarah Palin: Polls are good for cross country skiers and strippers. on polls that have both Romney and Santorum losing to Obama:
Never have worked out so long in my life
yes, those are some nice peectures.
Big things happening glad to be apart such a great thing!
R.I.P Grandma<3 Love u so much, words can't describe how much I'm going to miss you! But I will NEVER forget you! Your safe in heaven now xx
Almost a year and havent stopped fallen for
man nigga i just wanted to know what up! Why you geting you getting a #period over that?
That brief awkward moment when derrick rose's mouth closes all the way.
If Ramirez wasnt slower than a guy with one leg, he would have scored.
Thank you so much for caring for Yogi through our 'Dogs at Camp' program! We love him too and hope he finds a forever home soon!
til the following Sunday it's our spring break
How does one get into google+ I wanna look (0<U+03C9>0)
hello cheers to apartment galleries and learning to tweet with regularity! We will certainly be dropping by on Friday!
My waking thoughts are all of twitter.Napoleon.
“: After the domino game, I went down & said hello to Bruno Mars at his Mansion party.” sounds about like my night
What a winter, I think it has rained more than it has snowed. Nor complaining!!
Welcome to Green Bay man!!! Congrats!
At the gym jamin' to Up! From LoveRance
thanks Emily!
I see cupcakes in my future... #soyummy RT : We will be at the Shad Fest Saturday at Penn Treaty Park.
Step 4: Establish rules of the relationship: Agencies should understand org's structure & provide safe communication
Believing in someone or something else is easy but why is believing in ourselves so hard?
I will never be the person to chase after someone. If you ain't gonna fuck with me, I ain't gonna waste my time tryin to fuck w/ you
“: aye son thought u was comin out last night”>> man I rarely ever step out in Bmore bro bro lol !! We will together tho
14 tardies=ISS. I really do hate first block.
I eat at your restaurant multiple times a week and have for years. And I think your manager just charged me twice. Not cool.
yeah his 'Lama' is very openly hostile to Islam and Muslims. I totally understand why CAIR has been so touched by uu openness.
happy monday hope everyone had a nice weekend! Time to get back to the gym.
Merry Christmas and happy holidays! Here's to a very healthy holiday season. <3, the Arthritis Foundation
that's what up, what it look like?
“ Borderline depressed that I can't go to my favorite city in the world this weekend. ;(” Chi city?
beat walking dead the new day within 1 hour 50 mins new record so far loving the game btw cant wait for the next episode
Thanks for the RT of my blog post!
Raftery and Lundquist have already talked about Jimmy Buffett concerts and eye prescriptions so far. Next up, senior discounts at Denny's?
did u leave?
You're welcome :) Good luck!
Don't search quadratic formula...bad experience.
What kind of youth programs / activities are needed in Weequahic Park?
is the1st natural contact for parents;however, they aren't always trained well on developmental issues.
You built up a world of magic, because your real world is full of tragic
because our whole school won't stop
Thanks for the mention! Always a nice ego boost to see one's name written as "John Sexton/God" :)
Invasion of the Facebook running shoes... Well played Nike, you win again.
Sometimes, when I look at my children, I say to myself, “Lillian, you should have remained a virgin.” - Lillian Carter (mother of Jimmy ...
"and you gotta be hella yellin' about the sex!"
It's great when u get to meet your idol. I had my mom surprise me with my baseball idol who's in HOF now something don't forget!
DAILY POKER TIP: Chopping the blinds is an agreement made between the small and big blind to take their blinds back if folded to them.
Inclusive business model advice? Email asap if you would like my Univ of Washington MBA class to provide your #socent or #socinn advice.
What is today's relevance of the Black Panther Movement? Find out what Baby Panther's author Jamal Joseph, poet Sonia Sanchez and...
Absolutely! That would be so rad! Even if it's like a few lines I'll check them out!
A bad workman blames his tools for his failures
Ours is like in 15 days !
Introducing LinkedIn to my Workplace Technology students tonight!
Why Come You Never Wear Red Bottom Heels ?
IT'S BACK:Our Background Acting Seminar scheduled for March 19th!Special offer...$30.00 :30 & 3:30 Contact us at 212.391.4668 to sign up!
I have the Brandy doll, too!!!
who says #jitterbugs anymore? (;
Good to be home
Love --> RT : Do what you love. It's why you were made.
BBQ bro
"I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day." ~
. As one of your constituents, I’m asking you to confirm Richard Cordray as director of the
I LIKE ALL THE GUYS THEY R SO HOT
I feel like the top 4 matches on this show topped the top 4 matches on yesterday. Definitely a pair of awesome shows.
So for NYE got invites to party it up in LA with Party Rock at a mansion & then got asked to party it up in Vegas and yet I was thinking NY
Yes! Great idea - uniforms, USA on the back jerseys, refs all retired miliary, etc. RT : SUPER idea to do this.
#Ireallywant a drama free relationship "A Cool Calm Collect Relationship"
RT : L.A. literary salon remembers noir at Musso & Frank: The restaurant Musso & Frank is where som......
Thank you for the mentions and RTs
:D And she threatened to whack Harry with her buttersock because of his fakingness so that was awesome
#thirsty #Thursday if you are out right now download bartab and get your $1 drinks tonight!
Finally ready to crush
Our top 7 supporting countries today United States of America 54 United Kingdom 30 Canada 17 India 16 Germany 14 Australia 10 Indonesia
How to Secure and Protect Your Mobile Devices Join our sister site, Small Business Trends, for a Twitter chat Wednesday, May 2nd from 7-8
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> I know it's so bittersweet!
oh msnbc…if "nomophobia" (cell phone addiction) is even a thing, your clip is discredited by showing the Nokia cell phone I had 12 years ago
holy crap i just remembered how weird my dream was...too much tongue
Spain also does freeway cap parks well, so we know we can't copy them on everything.
#thankateacher 30th annual California Day of the Teachers: CA’s teachers R the engineers behind the educational success of our students
Looking forward to my recording session tonight.
Aunt Barbara again?!?
Want to play 'guess what's in my box' with Craig Ferguson.
Thursday! Spring camp today!
save me sum
Happy B day papa! Hope you've been well!
Had to be an entrepreneur to support my muse - Dana Gioia #USC #Writers conference
Since He gave His life, I will give Him mine...
This exactly why I don't like riding wit other ppl. Da night is young & Ray lame ass ready to call it a night
need follows please help me (thanks if u do) <3333333333333333333333333333
So great! Thank You SPD! For all your hard work in Belltown in the morning, we notice!
i want to grow a #gotye930 to go along w/ my schnout
I don't know how to spell her name sadly...but I don't care lol
Thanks for coming out folks. We hope you enjoyed the show and hope to see you September 7th
Next is French :/
how come you never text back? :/
My dad is getting surgery on the 23rd & I'm hoping I will be in the clear by then or I can't be around him- not worth the chance.
You know what? You made it! You have over one hundred followers now! Cheer!!
Aug 1st Raising Champions dinner promote the health of HS athletes. Good food; great cause. 503.418.4166 Got your tix? Deadline July 29
X__x SMiRK Clothing Co.
I need my livestrong band
thanks love<33
RT : Phree Pizza today @ Glass Nickel Pizza on University Avenue in Madison, WI. Get the code word at www.phreeps.com
nahh haha i never write with the accent marks rarely. most of the words are related to english so its not bad in that way
Haven't signed up for Uber yet, Seattle? Sign up today & tweet at me. I'll throw $15 in credit on your account toward your first ride!
The pain of life is invisible but the scars are visible.
Sorry, We're not.
Follow back me,is Sexy related to Grey's Anatomy
Many, if not most Democrats intend to survive Obama.
My friend just told me he named her daughter after "the fat chipette"
CINNA. Oh, so excited now. :D
President Obama,I know you've been there before but don't wear yourself down early going to be a long campaign against non-credible opponent
"Though a quick read of the news suggests we’ve reached new lows of incivility in American culture, there are glimmers of hope, and...
your pic is black and white now. But... your eyes were so blue before. Humph. Disgruntlement. ;)
Omg Dylan is perfect.
is talking about the increasing ubiquity of social communication in all devices. He's right.
Woo woo woo
Frontin like you down wit Mt Zion
Brrr!!! Time to turn on the heat!
Dana's wish list: 1..World peace, by some benevolent means. Like, not by killing off all of those who don't want it.... I mean, really...
I hate az. Hoping to move back one of these years. Lol
The unresponsive pilot flying his plane over the Gulf is going to want to respond before he's gets in a heap of trouble. Not too bright.
congrats to all dc assault age groups for another great weekend....
We appreciate your support; look forward to working with you to cut poverty in half in DC
Time to BRING IT! If you were supposed to work out with P90X today and are procrastinating, stop and DO IT NOW!
It did seem odd that this was leaked or announced prior to Mem Cup.
In Ontario, so watching Blue Jays on bar's TV. Also overhearing pretentious academic talk.
Twitter is getting people in trouble for just trying to meet at the pick up spot, I use to visit the trucks in new york city
Very excited for the 3rd Annual Women's Leadership Luncheon - great to see so many women at a tech conference!
some exquisitely vile stuff in there aido. i could translate but the whole procedure would destroy us. Englisch version?
You know we're going straight to hell.......but we'll have fun getting there
I know <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> like I said I'm done now! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Big night 2nite , Top Shelf #BottomlessCup, Doors open 10pm to 3am, Top Tunes New Format, New DJ's, New to KC, check it out
going to the avengers! all are welcome
Every time I cry. God seems to dry my tears. Thank you Lord for your love. I could not make it without you.
Music gods?
If you mess with the CEO & the Chairman of the Mr McMahon you will be Fired!!!!! :)
I Got an extra for ya, find me befor class. I'm in the library first floor right now
Anaheim CA: you rock so hard. Thanks for the fireworks after we played &thanks for being full of cool kids. Yr so much more than teacups.
Can't get a-Ha's "Take on Me" out of my head... "Repeat after me... Is it better to be safe than sorry?"
thats there best way to be a succesful team this year, claussen and pike are garbage
“: Jared... You're the youngest person my tl... Llab lmfao” ha ha ha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Lol no I want to ( : But errytime you want to its always a bad time for me
16 days left in Seattle, till I move to Phoenix.. looking forward to meeting new and good people out there.
Aha! Got it. Double the pleasure.Double the fun. #yeahwrite55 reboot with the right RSS feed. (I really enjoyed the hangers tho!)
Dave hasn't had to meet that fellow yet ... but it's coming. Oh yes, it's coming.
I swear moms spend 99.9% of their time bitching about dumb things
#DistractionoftheDay - the photo of that posted earlier
Woah My Birthday is in 2 days! They Are NOT Ready for me at this Sunday SMH Come party w/ me! =D
#shoutout to my newest follower...a very beautiful southern belle ! DON'T EFF THIS UP...lol!
#SiriusXM radio RnB channel #RnB #heart&soul rocks I love it , tune in
everyone tweet me " Swaggy With Daya" so we can show that we love her & the Zswag Family!<3
Holly Cow!...Top Natural Breast Agmentation Review? Dennis Skinner
LOL you're probably right.
Big Show, Intercontinental Champion? WHY. Someone cash in a Money in the Bank case right now. Is that legal?
"Before I Go To Sleep" by S. J. Watson
Congrats on the MVP. Same to as well! Good news for modernist dh project all around.
nothing much thanks for the follow
Oddly want to play some BF3 now. Figures the crew isn't online when the mood finally strikes me.
"where is everyone?" - Google Plus
Hey there, (digitalst), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
you basically just old me yourself haha. Hi!
hey, you know "Motownphilly" was an awesome song.
Can I please drum as good as Matt Greiner? I only know some August Burns Red and it's fucking hard.
tourneys are tough, keep grinding cash and play a tourney when yiu can afford.
Go all out tonight boys! I know you're tired but have some fun together!
Parents can begin to develop felt safety by watching what the child's needs are, watching what they're avoiding, watching what they seek.
aye that 1 dude from the knicks look like david ruffn from the tempation movie.
Who is going to Sasquatch? Who do you really want to see? Anyone camping? Holla!
My son keeps kicking the laptop up off my belly lol .
Yay swimming varsity in conference
thanks for your well wishes :)
please follow me!<333
Love how people spread their infectious political bullshit then attack others for having a different opinon. You fuckers should be ashamed.
I can't believe you schooled me like that in words with friends. Don't worry though, game 2 is mine.
I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now
Who else made a new years resolution to loose weight for 2010? See how you can free. www.gotriunity.info
Amazing job connecting the #Titanic dots too. Still gives me chills to think of that night. Has incredible power 2 affect people.
I think the inherent bias against internet news orgs makes it difficult to build solid reputations. A good rep is precious, however.
“: First show of tour tomorrow in Little Rock, AR w/ Hell Yeah! Atlanta, Apr 7.
Did Maldonado skip BJJ as a gym class elective growing up in Brazil?
I would LOVE that! Keep me posted.
workout time
It's not rape if you yell surprise....-mike.
This child found a way to be successfull, regardless of the home environment.
Have fun! *jealous* ;)
that awkward moment when that person texts you you ignore they call you...#idontwannatextyoudontcallme!
no problem. I emailed you the new business plan with a detail budget in production cost this morning. Cost per espiode.
I will forever love the ending of The 40 Year Old Virgin.
CLUE #1: A bone's throw from Wild Rumpus store, & not far from the purple door, "paws" to take a quick look--you may find a new book!
Respect yourself enough to walk away from anything that no longer serves you, grows you, or makes you happy.
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them.
Members of the Green Party focus on the environment, equal opportunity, social justice and non-violence.
yeah! Your still in school? Sucker ;)
Please follow :D
You are very welcome.
well if it's 50 shades, stealing it would be twice as scandalous. So count on it getting stolen twice as fast as normal.
Happy Birthday old man!
It's official - I have the #winterblahs. January and February will be long.
Criminal Minds all night!
Just doesn't know how to pass the time :)
you have like a membership or something ?
HA! Yes can't believe you kept watching!!!;)
Perrys strong and devisive style are strong leadership traits but does he set a good example for others to follow???
Nothing but the beat. David Guetta is awesome
follow us and I will send you a bunch of promo codes to hand out that unlock all the santa packs.
name at least 5 of the bands u like?!?
We have the best team, the best fans, the best city.
“ Have you heard Magnesium and Oxygen have got it together! "OMg"” it would make MgO...
I guess the question is whether that contradiction is enough to tarnish his entire legacy. I would argue no.
Black leggings are a girls best friend.......
We plan to reopen tonight by 6 or 6:30.
Or students who couldn't pay off loans for #HE went into public service with low pay. Should be rewarded.
im scattered through it. only one in red :)
#HappySaturday everyone! Thanks to our new followers!
going on the air at 4am tomorrow! Yippee for snow!
So ima call somebody up & see if they'll be down cuz I Hate Sleeping Alone
at Tonite - Crappy weather come inside...
I'm not sure if I'm losing weight or it's just that my wallet keeps getting lighter.
I'm not sure exactly what you're responding to. My defense of theater or my criticism of your social media effort?
I need to get more followers than my sister Amelia I have 600 and she has 705 can you help me I'll follow back!
About ready to throw the computer.
No nugget. :(
Women Journalists in Egypt
Milwaukee best fish fry and famous clam chowder. Come give it a try
Trying my new hiking boots out. Also arming myself with the GPS app. Yay for weekends.
My biggest pet peave is when someone refers or insinuates they think I am a kid, nononoooooo talk to me really, I'm just reserved
you should come and grace #Miami with your presence.
New company phone yeah
Coughing, gagging... :) RT : Is there an easy way to tell a coworker she wears way too much perfume?
Ok so there's a "we are the ones we've been waiting for" moment at Gen X
Going Wiz Khalifa on this flight.
trying to find some new extreme hairstyles, anyone have any ideas?
I feel that
I love you sir :3333
Ralph Macchio is 50 years old today. The Best....around.
My sister blames me for her anger issues.
"Good morning. I just wanted to be the first person to call you a twat. Enjoy your day." sleeptalkinman.blogspot.com
Working on website to launch tomorrow. It is time to get a move on with this business! Look out world, here I come
good one lol
Oh, SneakerNet! I get it!
thank you! Same to you!!!
I tried the C. It didn't take. I'll try again.
The Clement Moore poem "A Visit from St. Nicholas" was published in today New York in 1823. It began "Twas the night before Christmas...."
Life's short. Love yourself, fight for your future and never give up! Chase your passion, not, your pension!
Brunch on Friday sounds sensible and indulgent at the same time. Who's in? Served from 11 to 3, with 2-4-1 bloodies and mimosas.
I learned many skills from many people. There is 1 person that taught me the most. Lori Howell is her name. You have a "master teacher?"
just realized i was Lactose intolerance three days ago
I don't care who you are but if you are driving in front of me in traffic, you are a fucking prick. No exceptions.
Friday will still be set aside as sabbath!
Irresponsible aggressive driver crashes into riders this morning in the 2011 Toronto Ride to Conquer Cancer. Closed course. 2 injuries wow
Congrats to for winning 2 free tickets to our Jan 21st this weekend, to our other followers please keep supporting us...
how the fuck can you get back stage passes for for 2013 in boston? -.-.
according to , that's the 0-U implementation. If u don't mind it taking space in your rack it might have others it will fit
Ready to leave.
What the hell happened to J Kwon? Hood Hop was the shit in 04... Like you couldn't help but to chicken head to that...
hahahah they were amazing!!!
When I think about you, I think about seventeen... Springsteen.
you cant have it!!!
Berggren gets two from the FT line to keep #iubb at bay. 42-38
Great meeting at - Denver Botanic Gardens today! The holiday sale is going on and is awesome! Make sure to go this weekend.
your welcome :D
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends
-dies- RT ": his dick is hairy ? RT Eminem's dick? RT what's hairy and long ?"
oh really now c: lol.
Great dude. Finding that balance...
actually, it's you're welcome.
“Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done” ~ Louis D. Brandeis
word is he was checking out MacDowell Colony, had dinner at Harlow's, and toured a house on Old Dublin Rd.
Loving Cinderella w/ & but looking forward to more Brandon o'neill in the 2nd half!!!
I HAVE to come see you soon .
where at/when yo?
the closest soothing noise to the ocean is my fan.. and it works wonders. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> it's so hard for me to sleep without one.
Fuck you and your donkey.
this is my 1400th tweet.
9:35 pm - can you DM me your number again. twitter deleted some of my DM's
me too:) will be out in your hood soon lol
really enjoyed your session at #dfwnpcc !! Already looking forward to next year!
Big Props to City View Baptist Church for leading our Chapel Service last night...big praise to Primitive church for tonite. Glad Sabbath
snow peas and sugar snap peas are not the same thing.
it's fine. Relly srry bout ur rumor, thts so immature. I mean i no im a little overweight, but i lose 5ibs every week now ...
I said I would pay you...
!!!!!!! RT : all i see all day is bitches with no job tweeting about money and fashion...
e! Watching u on espn!
You know you need to be in Lexington now with Nerlens, getting ready to hang this 9th banner!
Totally didnt dress as Fem!Cap today. But if I did, the outfit would have been *really* cute
I'm having trouble making fun of the tragically unfunny....
understandable from one kitty lover to another.
Barry White on the sound system...
re:watching others do © education--What insights did you gain that you'll incorporate in your presentations?
RT : My neighbors bang on pots and pans. Either the Ravens have scored or it's dinner time at the chuck wagon.
yeah especially the ended
Well, at least I can buy Springsteen tickets tomorrow...
Stanford comes into tonight's #Butler game with a 10-1 record, with their only loss being to No. 1 Syracuse. Wins over OK State and NC State
I want some of whatever u cooking
What restaurant do you go to and move your table?
Welcome to the club! RT Capital bikeshare and Zipcar keys in hand. Officially urban.
Work it jt work it
because ultra is over
LET'S TREND
SNOW BALLS OF TINY HAIL IN CHICAGO TODAY
Just that... Plenty of extra time... LOL. Gotta love those "Good Problems" haha. Hope to catch you guys out tonight!
Thanks Dan. Four parks in two days. It's been a whirlwind!
I love you :) please follow me, it would mean the world to me ,!!
Ours minds are looking at all times for instruction, from us, to bring our desired reality
That.. kind of gave me nightmarish chills.
I know you love putting sweetener in your coffee, have you ever tried ? Its natural and 0 calories, try it!
did you dress up in a weird outfit and go there? hahaha
yea I live here so that's pretty standard
Hi !#Greek Chzbrgr is juicy 1/3lb patty w/cheese, lett, tom, steed onion, ketchup & tzatziki sauce in warm pita bread!
: Thanks Cuh for the #Love!
thats the same thing i always say lol
was it about a sandwich?
Its like I'm being punished. is making me listen to country music in the car and then i get to go home and watch Real Housewives.
Just put Seafoam in the truck.. This should be a James Bond type of experience for the people driving behind me..
Someone hang out with me I'm bored as fuck
hello hot stuff!
TELL BAILEY TO FOLLOW ME OK. LOVE YOU CHRIS.
Ump.. Dets no excuse!¡!
it's easier to delete everything :3
Are you still doing stand up?
do you take a day off?
Work it fit lady <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
now forgive my ignorance, but Quebec is a state/province, correct?
It's gonna be a mess. Already meetings rescheduled and/or canceled.
thanks sis we got it covered
I have no idea how to use Twitter either. I just needed a place to use my hipster photo.
thank you, sir. Likewise! Looking forward to connecting with you :)
Thinking......I gave myself a headache
The Lakers r getting run the hell outta Mile High
wish to be the 1st! #woulbeamazing but still cannot wait!
Many thanks to and for the mentions. Have a great weekend all!
.MUST DO MY #FFs&RTs TYVM Tweet!! U Know, rite? Forthwith
#HonestyHour I didn't know it was going to b this hard...
Lots of the activities on Mytennesseechristmas.com have already begun. So add some to your plans this weekend!
follow me? :P
Head. Ready. Go. Splody. (argh. Headache, headache, go away) moving mom this month to less $ assisted living. YAY!!
Suddenly I have the urge to trade in all of my heels for brogues.
A gazillion congratulations to for his Drama Desk nomination for Best Director of a Play. Werk.
anyone whos going to keenland soon, lemme know. i need some1 to cash my winner
Article Marketing Automation
Michael, great CEA event tonight and thanks for all you and Gary do to promote innovation and technology for great jobs!
listenin to "hit dem up" 2pac
Dinner tonight! Save me a patio seat? ;) RT : Hope you enjoyed the Dungeness Crab dinner! Thanks for the mention!
Sunday night entourage
Thanks so much and thanks for joining us in the session today!
My hands and arm are still covered in blood from last night's performance.
We have a Hot Stone Facial special on Groupon right now!
unfortunately it won't. :(
I swear needs a dam album so easy on the ears man!
One lone UK fan in the UL student section. LOL
Administrative and Artistic JOBS at FCS office see homepage fairfaxchoralsociety.org
We no longer support Terrell Suggs
Some girls just shouldn't wear bikini's
I think I would want to chill with George Washington, Mainly because I want/need to rock the powdered wig!
Wow :o
babe can we move i dont like livin in da hood i like white neighborhoods
Off to Florida . Only 18 more hours ..
Thanks ... who knew Houston was such a small town? Only two flights to Austin
Exciting weekend @ #TheVic! tonight and tomorrow. Don’t forget that we are the place to get the post-concert drinks.
Hang up over whether he should plead guilty or no contest. Rivera doesn't know difference. Exactly what I'd expect at 5 on Mon. afternoon.
Interview at 11:30 and just now getting in the bed. :-)
Busy day today. Class....Apple Store...... Discount tire..... All thia b4 3:30. :)
#textanalytics understanding is also dependent on culture. For example, 'He's crook' means something totally different than 'He's a crook'
I'm thinking a walk around the bay sounds pretty great right now! Such a nice day
had no idea u wer from buffalo ... I live in north westchester now... I need some of that John boy swag on my upcoming mixtape...
Garrett Gregory! Hello there. Long time no see.
Wow, really?
love them both but Jenni's got nothing on Drita
