ugh I know, we are so slow- I'm bored out of my mind!!
That cute guy thats passes by your school. & you jus stare at him<3'.
don't bring yourself down when you got someone right here who thinks you're absolutely perfect.
follow from Milwaukee going to hoop it up at La Jolla Prep this year before going D1
i didnt had space haha and NO you dont haha stop it i love you MORE M O R E M-O-R-E (:
Jason && chandonna so cute
You're welcome: child alienation in this country is caused by selfish parents; which translates into selfish children.DUMB!
I'm a vengeful bitch and y'all better know it!
I just saw it again. It's a tie lol
Great article about in the November issue of Columbus C.E.O. (disclosure: a client).
Did you know not all ladybugs have spots? ThingsILearnedFromMyKindergartner
Seeing a spider, isn't a problem. It becomes a problem when it disappears.
"I'm not book smart." You're right, you're fucking stupid.
Britney is a judge too omg sobbing
I need coffee !!!
You'll be buying lots more 2 Wednesdays from now
Let's go bulls
But if Trayvon woulda killed :o dude it woulda been a whole different ball game "
After seeing twelve billion homes and thinking each one might be the one, I think it's time for me to say adios to my idealism.
Thanks for the follow! Get in touch if you ever want to collaborate on a project, or need PR or social.
way to start game 3 of the #WorldSeries. let's go cards!
I believe it like at 7/8 am not sure about the time.
Layers. Lots of layers.
#YOLOing Not possible. You only live onceing doesn't make sense.
why Indiana?! What are you going go be doing here?
that's what the practice part is for haha
So apparently because I reached 2001 following twitter will not allow me to follow anyone else until I get more folks following me, hm
they are just Jealous of your success Kori. Pay no attention to them your doing fine ;)
Yeah I think I heard you for a second there! j/k. But glad you're excited!
Thank you Brett! Well said. Jim
Oh luckily I'm not the one in hospital - but thanks anyway!
I can't even watch the #Arsenal match but I know that it's about time RvP comes off. Don't tempt fate, Wenger.
But its lonely
What if i bleached my hair. I bet I'd turn heads
Everyone i know
i dont care youre still amazing :)
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you dont get presents on your birthday...
Somebody get me a bottle of champagne so I can pour it on the models......
Thanks for the info!
GO RANGERS!!!
I reeally don't care who wins but I hope its the Celtics
#SAA77 Oh,wow. Desperately needed. What ideas did you all walk away with?
GoodNight Beautiful ladies :) lol
That's for sure! MT And if (per Cormac McCarthy), the exclamation mark has no place in literature, so much for Philip Roth.
O Yea, Thats A Big Change... Smh.
Keep following me y'all because I really will follow u rite back ;)
I don't know if I should light my cigarette because we only live two blocks away.
Hanging with Joel Warren at to discuss hair color trends for Spring and Summer...look out for the article later this weekend
Chi-town bound. See you peeps shortly!
I&#39;ve got a blue crush on Hawaii&#39;s beautiful word
HUGE thanks to for offering to support the #Homeless #Coach with #Nokia technology!
I want you here with me
watching everyone loves raymond with the bestie. :)
Good. Um..halfway. My period made ALL THE THINGS HURT which didn't really help my face tic situation you know?
Thursday is Clipper City night at the Owl Bar! $3 Heavy Seas drafts all night! Free pint glass with first purchase until we run out!
NAFTA planted seeds for drug war. MT It was surreal to realize corn tortillas I bought in Mexico were made in US
After being at Barber & at IMS the past 3 days, I really like the sound of the cars & engines
haha love u back RT “: I love the fact that talked on the radio about almost peeing her pants!! Lmao love you lys”
“: Sometimes you sing along to "Man In The Mirror" and sometimes you just yell right along with that mf-er.”
Hi I'm looking for A. Wang? I have the most annoying voice in the world. So do i hafta email you a guest list?????
you talk about your love for Christ, but I bet you can't even tell me what language that man spoke.
gimme yo number and I'll call I'll follow that ass in the mall!!
I haven't really thought, but Saturday is always good. It allows you to stay & not work the next day!
Great chat b/w , Vic had an excuse for Google+..."Make sure you're using it correctly." #SXSW #sxgoogle+
Doubt is a part of everyone's journey
:) Up bright an early so I can get my day started........ and I still can't open my eyes all the way :|
Well done. Makes me want a Mini that much more.
thank you
Watching the good ol' The DVD!
i sorry
Neil and Willie! We need you in Madison Wisconsin March 12th! Be There! Please~
they sell thinners or something. At least I've heard
Woke up to the greatest texts from my dad about how awesome he's seats we're to see at the All Star Game!
there all screwed up, Paterno dying pretty much gets everyone off except Sandusky. and he just keeps delaying the trial
#Vegas April 12-15, April 19-23, May 4-7... At least this weekend's trip is for business..Swear it feels like I never moved LOL
walmart bike! led lights! giant moist wipes! value pack of socks! tomorrow, haight st. outfits! preparing for the man.
what hate you lol
theres moments when i feel so sad i just feel like bursting into tears. why is it that all of this could be thrown at one person to handle
meh, neither Stern nor Goodell deserve any of that.
More tracking over the next few days by Kliff and Jaymz. Drum session from Ringo this wknd. Right on..!
Hey guys, just to let you know we'll be releasing the winners of the contest next Monday!
follow then unfollow ... no thanks!
ur tweets r so funny:P
send me a pic of them
Damn, he complains Too much.
I wanted that movie to end differently but.. oh well -__-
Is Your Home Insurance Coverage Up-To-Date? (E-Zine)
I hate getting too close to people because when I thought they would always be there for me, they leave - with a part of me.
REALLY!? Oh man you are in for a treat! Prepare to have your mind blown... We have been hitting that stop for about 10 years now!
Susan Boyle has just joined Sarah Palin and the Octomom on my list of people I'm sick of hearing about.
Morning Rockstars! > Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, or what's a heaven for? - Robert Browning
Corny Joke- what do you get when you cross a snowman and a vampire together? Frostbite. Lol
Stadium hoppin now
thnx for following for my unprofessional tweets follow me
Try it you will see. write down what you want as if it is already, and wait , it will be, sooner then you think.
He said "U wanna get a hampster & we can share custody."
I love when defeated dictators don't get they are down 11-0 with 2 out in the 9th with Mariano Rivera on the mound.
Lionel Model Trains Toys Review: O-27 Diesel Freight Set, BNSF ...
After 3 hrs of dealing with sprint I'm now an iPhone user !
If Hank Williams Jr. wasn't a douche maybe someone would take him seriously
your amazing you inspire me your gorgeous thanks for being my hero
Nice win for the #GoSpursGo as they beat the Thunder on their last home game before their annual rodeo road trip.
Actually it was funny. He came over to hang out Friday night and within minutes had passed out on the couch.
Thirsty niggaz be havin average hoes thinkin they're more than what they r
Just bought a crossbow pistol on amazon lets see how this goes
ah now I get it...you are just resorting to playground name calling...thought I was talking to an adult
Do you know that #lambskin #condoms have tiny pores that make them ineffective against #STI transmission? But they can prevent #pregnancy!
thinking fast food companies are not likng me ...its time we start ordering less combo meals, which they are really over feeding us.
so many chances ive let slip away
At LA bus stop, overhearing convo about $$ you make from hosting Chinese exchange students. "Do I have to cook for them?"
Fox Theater, Jeff Mangum, hella white folks.
I love being married & sharing my husband's last name but if you never called me "Miss Griffith" why call me "Mrs. Henry"? Alissa is fine.
it could end that way.
For once, hottie in a BoSox hat....what is it with me Yankees fans...you think I like conflict or something
Uncomfortable with message auto industry can save US. Out of touch with today & tomorrow.
true, when you comin back? you done forgot about ya cousin lol
"If you don't like it talk to my lawyer." And when I ask you for the number you hide. Bitches do that.
Staring at my bag expecting it to pack itself
Fire & Ice Tour motherfuckers!
killin the game out here the web grows as the succezz movement blossoms
That post is awful. It's like saying that you shouldn't learn rhetoric because not everyone will be a politician.
Love! I'm a convert!!
i wish but thanks :D
yes, please.
LOVIN life Livin it 2 the fullest n never goin 2 give up on my dreams there r many people that were no1 n they became some1.
you are gorgeous!
how u been
Welcome to Packer Nation!!! We will love you and you will love us! Can't wait to see you on the field!!!
Just bought some really antique stuff! I'm siked, and nerdy!
Make Sure!! To checkout My TWin Bro's..Music Video On Youtube!!!!supra-My dreams Are our dreams..Plus da rest! TALENTED Rapper!Check it out!
hey Peyton long time no talk wanna follow
RT - The 1972 Miami Dolphins #IsNowSignedToYoungMoney Perfect Season Tape On The Way
You fuckin perfect to me))))So i wanna on the barb with u and our fuckin friends)))
74% of Iowa children under 6 have both parents in the work force. We need quality #afterschool programs.
Do you know what your name means?v
what happened to "Jump to the top" in Tweetcaster?
Mitt who? #stopcopyingobama with your twitter campaign
What are some of your favorite restaurants?
Yay Its so awsome we get Wheel Of Fortune back on at 7pm here again in INDIANAPOLIS
i love and miss you so much......
lmao red meat...
Oh man, I really really really really really really really wish you were here.
TY for the RT! Have a bright and delicious day!
RT : Good luck to all of those taking the APUSH exam today! I'm so glad I'm taking the alternate one ^_^
Exactly ... So much work -_- ... I can message you the essay questions on FB if you want
The Elephant in My Closet, opens Fri 5/25 at 8pm Me, coming out to my father, as a Democrat. See you there!
lol lets please start taking bets on who it is..ready,set,go!
We're wrapping up the Ellen show!! Hope everyone's watching tomorrow at 4 pm EST.
"She's bold but I roll with it, I'm impressed cuz she's sweet."
A what now? RT : So..does anyone in #CoMo have an ability to create a mix tape? Like literally a mix cassette.
If a guy knows the songs im quoting, he can have my heart.
This WED! Looking for #fostercare alumni in NYC-ages 18-24-to lead a research project with Columbia Univ.
#BOYFRIENDReview it's so amazing,inspiring and it's converting haters !
What's up man? How have you been? Are you EXCITED over Tebow's press conference?
he sits right in front of me in primetime & right behind me in studyhall AND i have gym with him
That moment when stops RT and now you have to wait until next time he goes on a RT streak to try and get him to notice you..<3
I'm trying to figure out how to resolve this issue with my guy without calling him a bitch ass ni#
and : agreed...
haha genderless? And is that only for cats that you se no gender?
Chicago Mission Girls U12 hockey team beat the Yellowjackets today 5-2. Danielle scored the first goal. next game is Sunday morning.
I can't get the picture
So great catching up with my long-time friend !
Nothing changed -__-
I love it that it says "YOU" when you pull up your profile on LinkedIn. Just in case you don't recognize your own profile picture?!
Great conversation! Am still marveling at the 10-year wait to spar and even more, the hospital story.
The other two (preferably w links ;-)?
(Glendale) no injuries at the i-43 Crash
DeAaron Williams? Can't remember if that was because he was academically ineligible or a straight transfer.
I think one of the big takeaways 50 pages in from 's book is that prog rock is totally not hot.
Does a rejuvenated want to help out with a little promo to his twitter following? April 14 Franklin Field!
Brushing my hair now. Better late than never. I'll keep you posted if I hit a snarl.
I really wanted to go to the mall today, but my patience wasn't strong enough to deal with the fuckery that migrates there.
If you aim for nothing you will hit it with amazing accuracy!
LIKE YOUR BEER BUT ALSO YOUR WAISTLINE? Pick your beverage of choice… Full list of cals/carbs/alcohol for imported & domestic beers http://…
Looking for someone looking for a screenwriter.
Ahh, I love this song.
But now im fat :( so i cant do any of that stuff
I have two jobs now. This one is the Perdue Museum and Archives, yes, Perdue as in the chicken you buy at the grocery.
justin, cool hair bro. but thats not my main focus. your MUSIC is whats the most important thing to me
People put together fake feelings and call it "true love".
time to party
only played one game so far and lost to Mike
Hahah thank you! :)
Tell him you'll cut it for a small fee.
RT : Drew meant 5. He knows he's cheap <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Loose Ends on stage right now.
ipod shuffled to Howard Shore and suddenly i am very excited about watching Lord of the Rings when I get home next weekend.
no one likes rain either!!
Please tell EVERYONE!!!
1CIt is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not. 1D ? AndrÿFD Gide
A picture is worth 1,000 words & we're working with #WCI residents and the to #RevealtheirDetroit! Our exhibit will showcase the...
Glad to see that you take male survivors seriously! Thank you for speaking out.
My roommate shaved his head today. Now our drain is clogged. Thanks buddy.
Republicans have a really, really sick sense of humor.
people who talk shit on a fb status but can't ever seem to get the balls to say it to your face
Penn State is linebacker U and ruin qb U
#imiss 7th grade! Best year ever.
Need last min Holiday gifts? Call me 7863877148 remember, I wrap & deliver for free!
thanks for downloading!! Any suggestions?
It's on my mind...
I hate feeling trapped
TITA: people do the strangest things.. I wonder if anyone ever returned a rental car w/o actually bringing back the car? I bet it's happend!
O LORD, thou hast searched me, and known me. Psalm 139:1 Christian rehab offers hope
How am I supposed to charge my phone when I have to use it as an alarm in a couple of hours?!
Blasphemous as it may sound. I'm kinda over Sofia Vegara
How many out there use "mind mapping" as a tool in conducting investigations? In your experience what are the pros and cons to its use?
RT : If you don't write a heartfelt tweet about every good person's death, you're basically spitting on their graves.
Fresh cut. New fits. Shoulda went to the trey songz concert. Shouldn't have bailed. Hella females gon be there. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Reverse psychology always work...
Only worry in the world is the tide gonna reach my chair
Christine Heyrman, Southern Cross; Charles Irons, Origins of Proslavery Christianity; most anything by Doug Egerton.
Leadership - A leader is a dealer in hope.
'Patience. If you learn nothing else from meditation, you will learn patience. And that is the most valuable lesson available.'--Gunaratana
Congratulations on winning five Silver ADDY Awards at the AAF 10 regional judging this past weekend.
Based on the seemingly random things my autocorrect suggests I sometimes wonder if it is trying to communicate with me.
Its a matter of point of view. All religions brainwash their followers to some extent.
I meant fringe benefits, not fingers benefits.
Thank you!
People fault #ICC for heavy focus on Africa. It means African victims might see justice, no? This is a bad thing?
Lobster. Bash.
well twitter i am going to bed now night night! :)
show me a fool who can identify a wise person. hence the difficulty in finding godly wise people. -MJ
30 MINUTES AWAY FROM ME. I NEED TO MEET YOU.
new drinking idea.. and fake baby that pisses vodka???
That email is from "Fred Flintstone"
Patriots place today with the fam for the first time... Looking forward to a day of shopping and eating at five guys:)
My Apology is finally available on iTunes.
San antonio will miss you Austin!<3
Thank you so much =) tell all your friends please
brave presenter doing grp exercise w/ evernote for facilitating w/ mobile devices with packed room!
I have to say... my music has come along so much in the last year.
just scared myself walking down my hallway..my knees pop too much..
#LIVINGTHEDREAM love the life I live!
Your very welcomee
Thanks for the tip today!
Moving into the beauty of the day to free my body from the pain www.thiscyonflare.com
Teaching our winemaking class right now. The average wine kit comes out to $5 a bottle! And it's super easy to do.
#50thingsilove 2. my amazing friends who are always there for me :)
My gym teachers sons are the cutest little things deikfdej omg
Listening to the R&D guys. We're finally fully staffed with the addition of Welcome, Jeremy!
- Thanks for the RT! Happy Mother's Day!! XO
I havent turned on my 3DS in over a month. Its completely drained of battery on the side table at home. I have games to play but no time :-(
Isn't it hard to tweet without hands? How do you type?
Hi there. Looking to see if you might be available for an interview on Monday. What's the best way to reach you?
bahahha happy birthday girl!
BRT applauds Jbs Council report. Check it put www.jobs-council.com
What a pleasure to deliver cupcakes to the San Diego Shell office from the Houston office! It's always nice to deliver a sweet surprise!
I swear my boss on his period lmaooo fruit self. Back too work !
PSU Women's basketball faces the Montana Grizzlies at Stott Center tomorrow at 7pm. All seats $5, free for students.
How dare they serve a misplaced blackberry on #StephenF***ingColbert's fruit tray. Someone must pay ->
please disregard weird messages my twitter is sending out. virus/hacked.
Can't believe my bracket is still perfect.
Friday's East Asia Center lecture with Richard Jaffe (Duke) has been cancelled. See you 3/23 for "Lovesick Japan" with Mark West (Michigan).
Sometimes I wonder if your tweets are indirectly to me...sometimes..
Spent the day walking the streets of Manhattan, tour of 9-11 Memorial, very overwhelming. My words in 140 or less will never do it justice
my birthday is in 8 days!!!! :D
Anyone who is a wordpress expert. Inbox me for some extra cashola!!!!
Did you know that Pittsburgh Green Clean does à la carte pricing? You can get your whole place cleaned, or a few rooms at a time! Check it!
The first day.
#AlanBlinder is an idiot lacking constitutional knowledge, any idea of the SCOTUS's workings, and completely inflammatory.
is at the Cleveland Zoo.
my strategy when i get in there is cracking jokes , ghetto activity, & tell'n them fake stories about how I use to play 4 bulls
#np Jar of Hearts
Start following for chance to win 1 tix to Structure:Data. Send us a DM or tweet "I want a Structure:Data ticket / #DataConf"
So tired. So tired.
Abt to do another f group with parents on accountability. Will Westchester parents c things differently than those in Detroit?
Check out Abe & Jakes new Friday night Greek dollar night tonight! Free for girls and only $3 for guys!
Oomf stay sub tweetin bout me
OMG 5 more followers till 500 =D can everyone ppwweeaassee help me?? ill follow back =]
i love when people tell me they wish they had my relationship ... <33
I was sick is hell last night but wats kickn w/ our team #TGe doin tonite?
The minute I heard Milk Punch, I thought of you.
"... that hypothetical spectre, your gilt-edged soul" - Happy almost-birthday (2/20) to Walter Becker
No I got back from SB at 4.
"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life." -Winston Churchill
That ending was unreal!
PMS night: Lamenting my extra 20 lbs, absence of a man who deserves me and the stagnation of life. Ah well, I'm nog the first am I?
Can you not be grumpy? Kay, thanks.
the story of electronic writing is as message as all the ink stains from Gutenberg's time
I just started laughing out loud as I got a call...
We're excited to get to at the end of this week and get to put some piano in the mix.
Punk'D with Josh :D
Happy National Siblings Day are u going drinking for it lol
chocolate candy for breakfast/lunch? no bueno :(
Good Morning! followers! Have an Awesome Day! Love you all
A #FF Thank You to our wonderful Jefferson Middle College partners & We love working w/you!
i like it lol
wow! A tweet every 10 seconds? Little aggressive.
Music is love in search of a word. Sidney Lanier
shittt alright I'll do one thenn.. You know where my gym locker is? Meet me there after you change so we can walk in together
their performances were perfect.
New marketers Retail division coming soon
On my way to school:), hope today is a good day of all of us!!!
SOMEBODY NEED TO HAVE A KICKBACK!!!!
We are hiring 3 or 4 Piece Ballroom #Dance / Bands which play standards, ballroom dance styles, light pop and others.
sweet! If you need cheaper tickets, we can meet up!
And I know that sounds terrible, but it's true,
Going to see Bye Bye Liver tonight for a friend's bday. Have any of you been? I thought Fizz closed or moved...
what a coincidence! And what a great photo!
": These ninjas are Twitter famous but real life nobodies. #Truth"twitter is real life
College application essays: Childhood obesity
Washing machine. It lives.
Take a deep breath. It's just a bad day, not a bad life.
thank god school is over
FOLLOW My Friends Please
on freak mode
Why people try and get over they want but dont want to pay the price
Random food tip: smoked paprika is an excellent seasoning for burgers, w/salt and pepper. Yum.
Casey Anthony can go to hell.
A genuine life is the most unique form of worship.
damn playa u got any of the original players on your roster or what?!
Happy Saturday Twitter friends! I have a question: Are you a Nikon or Cannon person/photographer?
I love it! RT : Menopause has nothing to do with it - if I'm a bitch I'm a bitch ----
Good luck to #Drexel students taking exams this week! As Benjamin Franklin once said, "Energy and persistence conquer all things."
i made a 98 on my english final :))))
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW>>>> RT THIS FOR A S/O FROM ME!
the lead singer look like you X )
Y U SO SEXY?
that's gross
Agree!! xx RT Lovely catching up with on all things #SanDiego with
happy mothers day to my wife and mom!
once this album is dun I'm comin straight to u for mixing n mastering! Gotta fukk wit da best!!
": Time for some shout outs" shout us out homie! #realsmashbrothers in the building! #nj #philly legoooo!!!
Texting hannah when she is right behind me.
no I didn't abandon the site. I was packing and moving to London w pitstops in Honolulu and Atlanta. I'll be tweeting news again
Just got home from the national half-marathon relay. Thanks Kathy and Hilary for a great team effort!
Thanks Love the show.
“: May your exams be as easy as you are.” bahaha<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
your welcome! Love ya too!:)
Thanks for following!
It is wise to learn how to respect and honor all priceless gifts!
He doesn't have happy birthdays. They are well defined, purposeful or deleted. btw: happy birthday!
ahahha welcome to the team lol
Always interesting (if you like SEO): YouTube Adds UK Video Rentals
Bravo #OnceUponATime - can't wait for next season!!!
RT Exercise. Diet. Exercise. Diet. Exercise. Diet.
I checked out the video of new cup lids. Wow ! Where has this been. Can't wait to try March 31st !
RT : maryjane is a loyal bitch
that's a great brother and sister shot, tight knit fam
What a beautiful day in the TX coast, no humidity, feels like fall!
Ha! That makes it even better. M...ginger. What's your fetlife name?
I'm sorry to hear of your bad experience with support. Please follow and DM us your domain for assistance. ^CB
Isaiah Williams can't reel in Stave's pass, and the White will get the ball back.
South By Success! Even made it to work early! With breakfast! No idea why I'm so excited about that.
"Life & Death is in the power of our tongues" Today let's only release positivity into the atmosphere... See it, go for it and obtain it...
awesome! Beta, so lots more content and features on the way. Let us know how you like us--we love suggestions. (and Reviews!)
Yes I can sing! (: ....in my own little world lol
now I get to make fun of you !! :)
Wishing everyone a happy, healthy, and success-filled new year!
Pacquiao Mosley was disappointing, 6/10 performance from Pac & continues to make me believe Mayweather could defeat him.
Hurry up and text me back
Blow Out T-Shirt Sale @ www.bleachercreaturesusa.com
Watching my nephew play soccer <U+26BD>
Next to Normal opening night!
dumbest web mistake of the day? not putting the hours your restaurant is open on the website. we went somewhere else.
I put a fake skeleton in the crawl space, then told my wife I heard kittens down there. #BestPrankEver untill the cops put me in handcuffs..
Hells yeah I saw it! The Rock is the best promo guy in the business. All the other wrestlers are wack on the mic.
I have a way of letting on like I care more than I actually do.
There's coffee right outside!
Nate is sick, and his snoring is killing me.
The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least.
a queen is crowned!
Mee i watching Ellen right now!!
Writing my opening remarks for #eduiconf. This is seriously boring. What's the key to good introductions?
Heather isn't winning..
If things around you don't change, then change the things you're around.
haha ya didn't happen for me either!
lock it up and keep!
Someone I'm sitting next to at Starbucks is carrying her own whipped cream. She needs a utility belt for cherries & sprinkles.
Totally with you! RT Today is the kind of day I wish I could just go to the gorges...
VISIT YOUR LOCAL BEAUTY SUPPLY AND ASK FOR THE COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR PRODUCTS......
Congrats to my friends at on their successful Kickstarter!
Shurmur was probably the only thing that kept Greco on the team the past two years. Not really a Spags guy it seems.
Come out to the donation based auditioning workshop for beginners tonight! www.betsycoachingcom
Do you know what you want to achieve in life? Certain in your goals?
You're welcome. We're looking forward to the connection!
My man Flynn goes to the Seahawks. I guess I'm cheering for a bird team this coming season in spite of my rule.
#downsyndrome if you have any tips for parents expecting a baby with DS - there is a ? on the blog! www.knowlledgesafari.com - click blog
tomorrow's jean day at work. If you bought me those pajama jeans for my birthday I could have worn them.
oomf told me i've changed so much the past month.. i really have, but i like it
Oh..and is here too!
3GNY WEDU Back to School Party tomorrow @ Tenjune 730-1030. open bar & great crowd! Come tomorrow night!
It's the last Friday of 2011! Do you consider 2011 a good year or bad year?
hey Sarah, I'm going out of town on Sunday for work, so I won't be at our game :( good luck!
M.. House wine at the tap
Today we're in Charlotte North Carolina!
Nice win by #Brewers today, our pitching is looking good again, relief guys much better than St. Louis series.
what are u guys signed with #WWE now ? Fueds brewin via Twitter lol
Shout out to all of you pretending.
Murray State beats No. 21 Memphis 76-72 - Sacramento Bee
I hate long hash tags I presume? :)
How, exactly, do you intend to convince me that you A) Know what "they deserve" and B) THEY don't know what "they deserve"?
I just may kill myself at work today . #JustSaying <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
I will be playing Chang'e - the Moon Goddess in "Autumn Moon" at STAGE 773 Theater this May. Come to see me! :)
Isla Fisher Keeps 'The Dictator' Close to Her Chest
Anyone else having issues logging into ?
speaking of Lu, now that he's gone, who will you #whisper in the playoffs?
Judges and juries aren’t kind to owners and HR professionals who fail to follow company policies and procedures before taking action.
lol! I just want to be like you when I grow up:-P
Tank top tomorrow!
: Glad to hear it! Sounds like The Understory is a book everyone should read . . .
had the most charming and welcoming dinner in Boston. David is a sweetheart! #5course&gr8conversation!
Eli Manning on SNL =
*in a southern accent "He got his gun down his pants."
Put it to the test on the water Twitter Poll: Is Donald Trump's hair natural or a hairpiece?
Nice looking H2O you have there.
#elit is now largely obsolete term. None of your terms are taxonomies, though. For non-English: talk to Tosca, Pisarski, Balpe
The weather is so weird!
I hear its awesome verging on brilliant. (Full disclosure, I directed it.) Check it out and come say hi.
Miss. Robinson Jesus loves you more then you will know!!! Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa!!!
3 #startup stages: a) functional product, b) clients, c) revenue before going #VC from (#bootstrap folks)
TY for featuring my Making Friends from a Wheelchair blog in the Silk Skies Daily News!
awhile being three days
ok tell me again why was it better to get the Yotes than Nashville?
Ugh someone just used this argument against me and I shut them down
RT : Congrats on getting your Kickstarter campaign fully funded. Cannot wait to hear it!
Sexy Chocolate
RT : DJ Spooky: if the 20 c. was the era of mass production, the 21 c. is the era of mass customization
thank you for the RT!
cant wait for #raw tomorrow :D get 2 c my bestie tomorrow :D
I am still alive :-)
“Sometimes I regret being nice, apologizing when I didn't do anything wrong and for making unworthy people a priority in my life.”
Tomorrow at this time, I will be flying to Philadelphia to see my beloved !!
YES! I feel like I just went back in time!
Fiat 500 starting at $14,100 for selected models, and up to $2000 incentives - Xmass shopping, fit one under the Xmass tree :)
The Cincinnati Red Stockings. The National League's led to the creation of the American League 25 yrs later in 1901. 1st #WorldSeries: 1903
RT : Ooh, that's a great Blu-ray to start! Though I'd say Bladerunner is the best BR transfer.
I wish
#ReasonsToSayAmen because jesus exist and i am reedemed
Super crappy headache today. Gonna take the pup for a walk and clear my head when I get home.
RT : Just got kissed on the lips. Going to the toilet to rinse mouth out. // LOL been there ;)
So. I just kissed two sweet Latinos good night. What rid you do?
nah I might hop on it tho. Is it a deadline?
The biggest hurdle is figuring out who your friends are. Your real friends. Eleanor Mondale
yeah, that's something that should be straightened out
My dinner: two tecates, two cigarettes, two pieces of sweet mint gum.
Well you know it should be 50/50, he makes plans half the time, maybe its your turn... HOT POTATO!! HOT POTATO!!!... lol
vinyl hours radio on now. AoTW by Tycho
God is great. Give us the chocolate cake.
Well, there you have it! the NYC are you Super Bowl XLVI Champions!
Late for the party, couldnt find a gift. Nxt stop, Northpark Mall?
The most interesting Ficelles in DC will have a Fun Friday at Farragut tomorrow! Stay Hungry my friends!
any one wana co-own?
Making changes to our physical location! Cleaning, rearranging, removing stuff...going to look clean...
Good Morning! For those that do not have a copy of 's cd #TheInterview I got em for FREE99 lol
Isaac Carree CD Winners are Markeita W., Connie H, Don W. Congrats, please check your email!
Mos Wanted crew killed it!!! Ahahahah and Ian <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
was gonna say the giants but they've tanked recently.
Old is gold my friend, old is gold
If I were Cat in a small, Southern town, I would be concerned for my safety if I reported to cops. Bleak, but true?
shea bevak is a teddy bear !
hipsters need to be removed
Hm, very clever ;-) Let's chat more in the coming week.
All I care about right now is making money. I feel like I should yell something like f* this and that. Lol but I really just want money....
right!? I just called back and asked for a "do over"
Slept from 5 pm to 5 am
Keep a notebook. Didn't figure that out until my 2nd year on Amazing Audios.
Its official. Ima tourture myself tonight with sad lovesongs.
Maybe it's just me, being a lefty and all, but it seems like Mitt is the only possible choice the GOP has. Am I missing something?
Thank you for the #FF love!
Never Stop - Safetysuit
She tryna suduce me to come to her room on my prom night knowing I'm gone be wit my girl
was going to cross the fence to see if the grass was greener. I learned a valuable lesson, the fence was electric.
sorry to hear it!
why am I up and why is it raining again
I think I want to cast myself in Ryan Phillipes role in Cruel Intentions... That'll be the funnest ever.
The Austin Teen Book Festival is October 1. Indigo Tree Publishing is trying to figure out how to get author Steve Chicoine (BUZZ) there.
I am number 76.
Agreed! RT : Love that !RT : #TheConversation is making me meet a new Miley Cyrus, a smart and sweet one.
do you think Matt Barkley should've been in NY for the heisman? Also awesome job in sports final. Dvr 4 sure.
So much to do this week: lots of client work, cleaning, organizing, decorating (?), home diy's, exercise, grocery shop...I need a clone.
yea i knw like his mommy
Good Morn'n P man I enjoy'n hear'n that voice of yours
I must have been craving 2day, I ate it for breakfast, lunch & dinner!
... and has a story ("In This Annihilated Place") in Spring issue on a neighborhood just after Watts riots of '65.
I love me some me ...ha!
yeah i usually don't read them, but this one...
Just finished my first aquatic park swim of the season with the crew. Saw a sea lion pop up and take a look around.
This new fb is irritating the crap out of me! Its not great and cool. its bs and I want my old, working stuff back!
thanks for the RT! Tonight's event should be great!
I wonder if know what a big claim "California's hottest DJ" is?
": u didnt know that u were before?" No I didn't, NEVER happened b4. I couldnt believe it lol
If anyone knows of an expert programmer in Adobe flex, please have them contact me at
Behind da wheel real quick <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
#RememberThatKidInSchool who was popular and talented but now they aren't doing anything productive
Make that 4 trains that have gone by with no room #iwanttogohome!
You help those who have helped themselves and I have done all I can.
needs to seriously Shutup
alright thanks
from da song! girl says what that !!
7 am?! Wow Gail you are gangsta!
The & Summer Celebration is TOMORROW 10-4! Enjoy the scenic run, or just come for music, food, beer & art afterwards!
Here's proof to show the Police that I consented...Please shoot me if the phrase "I want to see Future at Ibiza" ever leaves my lips!
He reminds me more of Koy actually...
haha that's how we feel every Sunday!
Catch us at the International Congress on Medieval Studies in Kalamazoo 12-15th May! We'll be at Booth #3. See you there!
doing some work! Matthew and Freddy are two of the coolest concierge I've met doing this job. Makes work easy with good people
Thank you Gina!!!! Have you seen the pics on fb yet???
long time no talk!!! we need to hangout sometime around!
$5K isn't much these days Chico! Congrats on that though. #Ballin p.s. I'd take that in a heartbeat.
Thank you all for the #FF HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND!
not much brotha writin this week jus gettin back in touch with ya site diggin that becks beat
We're trying to raise $100 for the WWF this week by donating 10 cents for every new twitter follower we get. Help us help you!
Happy, Happy 2012 everyone!
I need some confirmation on whether or not Blake Griffin can still dunk fluently
in ur world
excuse me if I'm wrong but your just a low life jealous hater!
going to school brb
this project. <<<<
My #FridayReads is 's A FAITH OF OUR OWN. Really good so far.
Also added your blog to my Google Reader. Looks like good information!
people slipn on us.
“ A bat and ball with a twist of 151 relives stress :-)”
Lol. "I wish I could like peoples pictures on twitter is hot"
Morning tweet faces:*..
Earthquake here in northern Virginia. The whole house shook for about thirty seconds. I've been in worse, but really uncomfortable.
About to see #ThinkLikeAMan! :-)
U could meet anyone of these at
now following this chico>>>>>>>>>>>
When I get home Im going 2 show u a screenshot that begs 2 differ
the magician?!
Microsoft sets sandbox boundaries for Metro developers
{AUTO} Great to hear from you! I'm not here right now, but I'll respond as soon as I see this!
Thanks and #respect to you too. Looking forward to reading #DigitalGriots over the summer.
First off fuck yo bitch and da click u claim
Wow, nice interior design work! Love the painting. Sectional looks perfect for fucking. Ha.
did u watch dragonballz growing up?
#Truth ...... I miss ha crazy ass
Hey I didn't realize I was already following you on here lol. You seem so nice :)
Congrats Badgers! On to the Rose Bowl!
How's everyone enjoying the show?!
It was a pleasure to meet you last night! And thank you for sharing your voice with us!
I'll trade your web application error iceberg for my record error rabbit hole. ;)
Free love? as if love is anything but free. Man has bought brains, but all the millions in the world have failed to buy love.
natl gallery of art says "no way". Its free. Smithsonian info desk says "stupid rumor". Still free in 2012.
True! Hopefully you have a good team on hand though!
Lmfao bby! you know I love you :)
You shouldn’t have to chase after someone. A person who appreciates you will always walk with you.
Both car and phone in improving condition now, though I'm stuck in dealership waiting area with Kelly Rippa yelling at me.
Not off hand. There are a bunch of CFAs in Florida. You'd have to be more specific about what towns.
should have played Walking in Memphis
trying to figure out how to travel the world and get paid for it. next stop...nepal.
yeah I figured it was hacked.. usually I'd expect something way filthier
There's video of me doing "Wanted Dead or Alive" with The Hype, you realize.
4 hours of sleep and ready to roll!
America needs a new boy band. - One that doesn't piss me off.
Come "down Dudley" to recognize Historic Preservation...happening now at Hibernian Hall.
Thanks for the tweet!! There are plenty more deals to come!
Goals for this week and next: Revamp social media and website.
Good Contact by Flaherty
mine, too!
i l when guys have snake bites,tattoos,and meixcan<3 and when the bite theyre lip oh gawdd (: <3
Today is not my day
I agree. Working with customers is a great topic-source and using it for vlogs is a great idea!
holding down the fort at work while colleagues are flying to CA to visit NASA Ames
I don't have any clip-ons stock, but I DO make them. they sell so fast!!
You could do the ol' sink or swim test!
In 72 hours, VDOT's Facebook page has gained more than 250 friends Thanks everyone. Check us out at facebook.com/VirginiaDOT if you haven't.
Get your 15 or 30sec video ad in front of a captive audience of 8K+ at on screens 5/20/12. Starting at $450
Corporations Need To Start Acting As Socially Conscious Citizens via
So much to do... So little time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
hhahaha do you have a picture of her? I've been curious as to who she is. lmfao
What? A little Better Than Ezra this morning? Don't mind if I do!
Agreed. I'm honestly speechless right now.
Lamborghini mercy, yo chick she so thirsty. I'm in that juicy Lambo with yo girl, she tryna jerk me.
I am a party pooper :(
that's cool. Where should we do that?
Pictures! We need pictures of kitten vs. balloon! :)
We're not watching it either. Work is a big priority over the emmys
is the best girlfriend in the world for making my birthday amazing. Thank you :))
We suffer because we have forgotten the power of unconditional love
Can 5 more people please, please, please follow me??:)
Barely escaped the airport porno-scan. Would have opted out anyways.
Not much more gratifying than writing the feature script for Hell's Belles, so much fun! Screening the short in March, stay tuned!
can't see your ustream cause I'm at school:[
I watched u sing One Thing by 1D you're so talented n pretty
Would that mean more elevated rail and ground level stations and less underground stations for rail transit?
Wait are you staying in buff too!!? But yes class is monday through thursday so I'll have long weekends!
Glass pretties! RT : Come to "Brazee Street Studio Trunk Show at MiCA 12/v" Tomorrow from 10am to 4:pm.
Such an exhausting weekend. Feel like I never wanna leave my apt again. EVER.
wow you're a dick
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Now I know who's being two faced and who's a real friend
Agreed there
if you could start an nfl franchise with any player who would it be? My pick is Rodgers, u can win now and he's still young
lol! it's a hopeful song at heart... ;p
The shows about to start! Come on over and hang with Karaoke MVP at iLounge tonight. Get your karaoke on. 1287 D Glenwood Ave. Atlanta
U like my super monkey<U+E105>
Iran, UN nuclear agency head for key Vienna talks - Hindustan Times
the 'side' show she put on was interesting though.
Chillin where you at
Today better be a good day or I’m gonna go all Barry Allen and reboot the universe.
If you cannot see the light ahead of you, you might have to look in a different direction.
It's weird when someone you once knew so well is now practically a stranger.
Westbrook's post game clothes must be sponsored by Gap Kids
GOOD :D you so smart <3
My tummy hurts
My birthdays in 9 days. If you really want to make me happy get on the computer and go to website and get me their stuff!
Have you checked out our best selling video yet? Power abs is an intense 12-minute abs workout that targets the whole core.
Pick up the brand-new SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE! theme issue, HON: PAST, PRESENT & FUTURE, or any back issues of SMILE, HON!
That double martini was probably a bad idea. I'm such a lightweight anymore.
The good news is no one in the Ruidoso mobile-home park was injured in the explosion. The bad news is there was an explosion. A mobile home.
Angela Corey is NOT playing & obviously about her BUSINESS!! Zimmerman would be smart to plead out 2 a manslaughter charge!!
Fighting to keep California the world capital of film production and jobs!
At my bestie's house love her !!!
Heading to bed. Pretty #stressed about this circuit and design exam.... #LetThisBeEasy!
...9628292540917153643678925903600113305305488204665213841 4695194151160943305727036575959195309218611738193261179... #pi OK, I'm done.
Is it sick that I only tweet when it has to do with ? Oh well. I love her.
“To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.”-- Emily Dickinson
i love that movie. Michael is a genius but i cry whenever i see it but thats how u know ur a die heart mj fan
happy 4th July everyone
Hello to new followers
Happy 50th Birthday I loved celebrating w/ you yest in Chi. Singing 'happy bday mr president' w/ JHud is moment to remember.
Basketball should make teams have at least two white players per team on the court and their points count double.
hopefully the boyz do move to los angeles some day :-)))))))))
Hopefully what I make most mornings qualifies as "coffee"
LET GET TOGETHER AND DO SOME BIZ!!!! I BEEN HEARING GOOD THINGS ABOUT U FROM MY CUZ AM A BUSINESS MAN
MT : My speech at #naicu12 is not online. I will give it to #NAICU and it will be published.
What are the Digital Humanities (web) publications that are in high esteem/especially looked to for news?
Happy Birthday , enjoy your day my love!!!!
Anyone know the best way to stream the Ohio State game tomorrow - would like to watch at work.
(chinese gong) you-a speak-a true blakmikefromBR-san
is the real one.
Research shows that interactions between healthcare providers benefits patients. Do your healthcare providers communicate?
Busy busy busy
Watching Mexico-USA #Goldcup final.
Yes it is time to watch my boy and the rest of the crew of woot woot woot woot
I hope you enjoyed it with a tall glass of mellonade and a bag of fluffy puff marshmallows
Trying to reach someone from your paper for a quick interview asap on new abortion law. Wld you be free or can you recommend?
thanks buddy! Have a great rest of the day :)
it was way worse than it sounds.
Thanks for the sweet tip on late night caffeine, followers. Oh wait. You guys are useless.
Dude, I just fix the toilet & the garbage disposal. I feel Like a real man. Holla atme!!!
If she has just as many or more snapbacks than you
My copy of 'The responsible company' arrived today. Cant wait to read it and how it can help me plan how my next business
I made it CTRL on my MacBook. Much more useful key layout.
Clear in the Westlake Center Downtown Seattle has now joined Twitter and wants to have some fun!
He who deliberates fully before taking a step will spend his entire life on one leg. -Chinese Proverb
Admiration is the daughter of ignorance.
At a meet-n-greet with Joseph Middleton tonight. Georgia boy who made good in the big bad city. His advice - "keep it simple."
Recovering from last night
When has the wind taken anyone anywhere lately. Stop using outdated sayings. Nobody sails anymore.
Not this empty feeling again . :(
& should all consider ending their campaigns b4 #SCprimary after their abismal results in
Maybe Next Week .
what's up lovee ?(:
Damm the bus be having some creepy ass people I hear. <U+E40D>
In geometry taking a test that I will fail!!!!!!!!!
I have an issue with my battery getting below a certain percentage.... What that percentage is, I'll never tell lol
Got roped into going to #MedievalTimes tonight. I hope the knights aren't as creepy as that guy from
I can't wait to see what and have to say about marriage on August 19th.
A good friend died last week Her demons got the best of her. She could not find help because she had no insurance We should all be ashamed.
Get your tech business funded at Tech Entrepreneurs Week
Save the date! #Prettylittlethings is going to premiere Sunday December 11th @ 7pm. Ticket Pricing and Wrap/After Party details coming soon!
Charles Barkley accidently called Kawhi Leonard "Kwame." That should be good for his ego.
Bachmann will drop out tomorrow... watch
goodmorning austin :) how are you?
#ifabitchtellsme I don't need a condom, thats my clue to get the fuck up outta there
Short memory, put it behind you, bigger things to worry about tonight ;)
I LOVE YOUR VIDEO, ALL DAYS
But she claimed to be hangin wit her sister!
Thank you for following UNDAWAREness Pink Satin Panties. We look forward to your order and hope you can tell your followers about us.
thank you (:
Hope you have comfy shoes! Enjoy the tour!! RT Getting the tour of #Chicago by Chef Jeff Mahin.
Don't miss debut of #Longmire Sunday, June 3rd at 10pm EDT/9c A&E
Thanks for the follow! :)
hope I make it thru this shift...
Looks great, Guy. Thanks for sharing. - DoL
OMG start submitting
You have the same dress in your incon, no ? :p <U+2665>
hell yea!!
I have a ticket for at the Independent on May 17th. Anyone want to make me an offer for it?
I'd want to attend the first-ever BTW Ball performance just to say I was there, but for health reasons, it's better that I was absent.
How everyone thinks they can sing well
Cant wait till
hey thats mean!):
Thanks, Chef for checking in! We had a good day with CicLAvia. New visitors. How are things with you? Stop by soon, yeah!?
lmao goes its pit bull. nope just some bold guy
All that waiting and #Community opens with a Shirley and Pierce episode? Not a good sign.
Don't go breaking my pretty little heart <3 ....
Minnesota tortoise ID - Tortoise Forum - Tortoise Husbandry ...
Thomas, Aaron and Nando have time for tattoo consultations later this afternoon! If you have some ideas and want a price estimate :)
I would have thought that the Death Cab crowd would trend a little older. Feel like I'm back in high school.
My alarm isnt a friend its my enemy
It was fine except for the crazy wind & rain! yes, we should! Fringe fest? :D
That's an awesome movie! Didn't know it was 50! Wow!
"industry's top coders invited"? But are they coming? What would make you feel more welcome?
oh ok, yup, people were insane today. saw your GF this morning along with Master Chief
We had a great time!Thanks for having us :) RT : Many thanks to #Cision for a super job speaking to #PRSA Suburban #Chicago tonight
I was told by #WellsFargoHomeMortgage that Loan Modifications weren't meant to help everyone.
God Bless America! Just celebrated this beautiful day by eatting at Corky's BBQ in Little Rock.
aw yea lol
I don't feel that it is my business, Key
NYU-Poly Celebrates Entrepreneurs Past and Future
I wish my hair came out a brighter red. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> but I'll probably get it brighter in a week or two. :)
Guess they also need people to take of the equipment down in Antarctica during the winter time. I could do that too.
Let us respect gray hairs, especially our own. ~ J. P. Sears
It's SUNDAY and I have a case of the 9 to 5's. Everyone should go to Mt. View Market and check out the growers market today!
2nd hospital visit was worth it. Sister smuggled in a martini for my mom! Nice to see her smile.
FaceTiming with :) she's amazing <3
now those same young men want to date me because I am a milf
I enjoyed some #SoCoPepper at the tailgate today...shots and with Dr Pepper! Definitely grabbing a bottle for next weekend!
I could be on Tumblr for hours.
we've got the secret to driving more traffic to your FB and TW pages! email me at
Record release show killed! Thanks and Hope everyones ears heal soon
im sorry about that! We do use real eggs..sorry for the bad experience; next time 10% off ur bill!
oh I have seen this..."Water Pistol Pete Jr."and "you were on JV Junior Year!". This made me as happy as anything ever!
depends on the guy. And his size really. How big is too big for you?
am I stupid to keep holding Teague? Would you grab Harrington, Greivis Vazquez or Foye and drop him?
Invest in one another. Your community is only as strong as it's weakest link
Should be at BWW watching the Mayweather-Cotto fight
It just keeps repeating. I'm not doing this shit. I'm not.
Someone needs to make a plugin that makes vocals sound as good as they do in your head on recording
If you could trade eyebrows with one celebrity, who would it be? ...that would hurt :)
Wow my dad always knows how to make me feel like a boss! Smh my dad is
Hey #DodgerFam please follow us on instagram for game photos of your favorite photos. Thank you.
We screw up and get charged up the A$$, but they screw up and we just take it and wait forever for things to get fixed...banks are the WORST
Lol agree! RT : I realize what I'm abt to say is extremely fat of me, but the worst part abt a stuffy nose is not being able ...
great point. curiosity is instrumental to learning and shouldn't be undersold.
ah we are going to have fun!!!
This Day in History: Agatha Christie the famous English writer of mystery novels was born. What’s your child’s favorite mystery book?
Being pretty ballsy to wear heels on my first official day at Aldo.
Tomorrow is FREE DAY, FREE day, free day! Did we say it's free?
it's good I can't complain! How's yours asshole?
RT : Set your DVR's will be on abc's 4/24 at 2pm EST
my house is available for vacuuming..... Windows could be cleaned also.
this tour is going amazing for sure! Thanks for all you do!
Good luck on the ED Address!
without me you got it all, so hold on.
isnt it a little past your bed time?
The vow is a great movie!!
I wonder how many people would pre-order if you brought the Squier back.
I know I know! lolz who else is going to help you put up with
has agreed to play in our movie! is gonna fly out to New York to film his scene!
The month of May has sucked so hard. June be nice to me.
I was also confused...maybe suspended without pay means not on the bench either? I don't see him out there...
the music you have playing in cab-vertisements is horrible.
“: You can't compare #HungerGames and Twilight. One is a legitimately good story... the other is Twilight.” haha good one snape
alright .. now I'm ready.
#replacebandnamewithbacon. Pierce the bacon O.o
Art of the Royalty Equestrain art by Farooq Yousufzai www.zanbeelart.com
is this real talk time??
has poor hygiene
Good balls I don't remember the last time I rode that was such a herkyjerky, stop and go, delayed mess.
Your joke about hanging with Ludacris was hilarious.
UW seems like one of those uber-talented teams that need motivation to play well. Looks like they have it tonight.
omg i get one from dunkin almost every day!
Is there anyone in Western MASS or Rhode Island interested in doing a show for us this summer! Hit us up...
One thing I’ve learned from having a baby around: baby wipes make awesome, cheap eye makeup removers.
poblano and chicken chowderish soup tonight for #mondayfunday yahoo its gonna be delicous!
Feel Like Im Going Up Some Stairs..
Finding out your monthly 24 hr fitness membership fee is free>>>>
I was in a downtown Smalbany (picked that up too!) one this morning. No match for my Tims visit a half hour ago.
so is he playing dumb or is he naive? Can't have one without the other.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 11
It is arrogant to disregard and foolish to turn away
It's cold in LA (45 degrees); snow is on the mountains; cloudy. Man. I'd love to be in Boston right now.
Caprese Salad at
I've got to pee
BITCH IM RATED X YOU CAN'T HANDLE THIS.
Vegas kicks my butt!
I dont drive either lol I put stuff together with friends and family and go.
Me too.
Thanks to everyone who contributed to my conversation at Educon! Enjoyed hearing your ideas.
Just figured out if you want an award in my school you either have to be anti social and have no friends or sleep during class.
RT : A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials. -Chinese Proverbs
nutin was up?
"Ain't no tellin when I go so there ain't shit that I'ma wait 4, I'm the type ta say a prayer then go get what I done prayed 4"
Me tony and roma are row 7 section 2
Leaving the EOC room after three hours was like waking up from a coma
I don't touch the stuff AND I agree with this sentiment.
I second that.
could be, I don't know how I would've survived bed rest for 13 weeks without the support of an online parenting community
WHAT ELSE IS NEW.
I can't believe I haven't seen u all wk. Have fun in #Tampa and run next week?
They weigh you down with tons of reading and tests in Abnormal Psychological Behavior during your 8 weeks of basic cab driving.
same here
Watching the fox and the hound
May you please follow me when you get this please follow
Just got on iTunes U for iPad and I'm amazed how much stuff there is.
Fuuuuuuck where are those damn tomatoes! This heat makes ppl drive like idiots! Grrr
I have a mean nurse! -_- ugh FML
If you wish to achieve worthwhile things in your personal and career life, you must become a worthwhile person in your own self-development.
Thanks a lot! :)
Thinking I need another Bdubs date with my bestfriend ...sounds so good!
I've lost all faith. Fuck you #Spartans and
WINDOW : What you heave the computer out of after you accidentally erase a program that took you three days to set up Alfred. E. Neumann
we're just trying really hard to fund the What happens If we don't though?
Let me just let me just
are still in it
I think just blue- because of it's origin on the uniforms!
in the biginning i was blocking them, but stopped, they can only see what I have as public. they share my link on their walls
Brett the hitman!!!
Guy on the bus tried to steal my iPod this morning. I grabbed his wrist and yelled "Don't touch my stuff, asshole!" Not a good start.
Just joined Reverbnation, dont have too much up yet but check out what i have there will be more to come :)
wonderful!!! RT Hey! Hope you're well! Reading your work, today in a class with Diana Taylor :)
Your pocket tweets get more RTs & Favorites than my carefully constructed, obsessively rewritten tweets. :|
I need to find a cross shoulder fringe handbag asap! Help!
At the 10th Annual Craig Noel Awards for Excellence in San Diego Theater! Will tweet the Old Globe winners!
on Stickam <33 & listening to them right now.
What's his BA now?
No words. RT Animal Collective Announce New Album, Centipede Hz, out in September
Anyone know where I can stream the fight???
Overcup is counting down the days before we launch our Kickstarter for The Tall Trees of Tokyo w/ Matt Wagner of
Nope, not a national/collective contest. Ca$h - exclusively for listeners! Win your share! #WorkplacePayoff 9a-5p weekdays!
Wearing suede fucking boots at an outdoor fucking soccer game starring 7 year olds in the goddamned rain. Literally crying. Bye boots.
You'll be able to see the gallery whenever we have an event (it's right when you walk in). We do anything music + art related.
Thanks! If my president does find that CHE article I need to be ready!
": Celebrating Wednesday!! " its Wednesday boys
I can't make it
Last I knew, he wasn't expected to attend. Unless I missed it? haha RT Did Rob already walk the carpet?
well one down...
Ugh! My head hurts!!!smh
Thanks for the suggestion.
Spoke too soon about his defense.
We are new every day. - Irene Claremont De Castillego
Warm April showers in Lincoln Park remind us of the beauty of Chicago. #NationalHonestyDay?
Throw your cups in the air, we so fly... Middle finger up to the sky
I follow - how about you? Pls RT and help us grow!
print, canvas and album deadlines are approaching! Contact us if you need help ordering
So glad I clicked on that link from the DMs about people talking trash on me. Thanks Twitter hackers. ;)
His urgency is all consuming. Now is the time.....Pressing in...
yea you're tellin me. See you at 3. With your phone charger lol
Thank you for providing the food for our #ThinkBigBmore event.
Whenever i see a picture of someone i know with it breaks my heart a little bit every time knowing i havent met him yet
LOL I just looked back to Thursday's tweets- he was my first call, too. But not based on my extensive knowledge of racing ;)
if the people of Kentucky aren't able to see and hear what she said without being there, she shouldn't have been invited.
thanks for the follow I love your food. Shooting a commercial near u, I'll stop in this week.
best game and best played game of the tourney by far, took place last night in Boston. How many turnovers does UNC have?
Some of these seniors ima see again next year.
listening to Rupaul "never come home again" lisent to it... its amazing!!!
I Was thinking coloring
I know! Very awful, I think.
When will u host ur live chat? Hope u notice, thank you ariana for planning this! We love u always! So thankful, xoxo<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Going to the funny/cool/awesome shapped museum in Seattle! Expirence music project and the science fiction museum!! So fun!
she said if I don't go she going the slam me like WWE's Karma and everybody going to look like Bynum when Gasol got dunked on
Good point about fitting in with school culture.
Why'd the scarecrow get promoted? He was outstanding in his field.
Dying to read "FitzOsbournes At War!" Love Michelle Cooper's series! Requested on Netgalley; fingers crossed!
Thanks! RT Julie, Mandy and I volunteered for today: an abundance of volunteers, food, dirt and smiles.
were you waiting all morning to do that? :)
Now Playing- The Love Below..... She Lives in My Laaaaaapppppp...
Hey Xavier muskies! Flowers From Fatima is in the GSC until 12:30 pm today! Stop by after exams and enter our raffle :)
I wonder what the rest of his office folks will think when they see "spandex assess". I'll be banned from filming there LOL
RT : That moment when you hear someone call your bestfriend their bestfriend and you're like..... No.
goodnight world.
hey Alex! Where can I find a schedule of Indy area Hoosier-bound high schoolers in action over the next 2 weeks?
SENIOR TRIP. Must go lol
I think it's cute.
So glad my river didn't ruin your books. Hit my following limit.
I often stare at people dead in their eyes while talking to them. If they look away I'm done with the conversation.
If Joe Rock would have listened to his big brother and got out of the beer business when I told him to, his sight would still be 20/20..
B.I.B.L.E. - Basic Information Before Leaving Earth.
Happy birthday to my best friend ever! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
YOU LIE
alright well idk if imma go...
It's just a little too late, I'm just a little too gone.
I got hammer drunk last night.... looks like its ur turn.
You must have a successful midset before success manifests on the outside.
-f you're having a hard time letting go. . Realize that if they really wanted to stay, they'd still be there ..
today in earth science we listened to another song. Only this time it was Taio Cruz.
I Hope The Lakers Lose...
lol ! I know , I've eaten those too but i think we only had shrimp at the moment !
what does it say and im beingcompletly serious and who posted it
Watch Lebron End up hitting Something Let me Stop lol
do you think you could follow me please?
7 more minutes till is on! ah! so cant wait that long<21
We love Scottish accents too... :) RT The accents are everything and more than I could have hoped for. Huzzah!
Laying on my babes chest and while he's talking I burp so loud in his face lmaooo. I laugh and he calls me a pig lol ahaha.
Well of course you guys are the innovators, lol. :)
Now I'm debating whether to go get shaving cream for RCL, because said we'll get in trouble, & I believe her..
Justin doesn't use Auto-Tone to make his voice better, because his voice is perfect the way it is. Justin's Voice Is Flawless.
Not good. Features activation pulled Flow from our Prod org last wk with 0 notice. Not back yet and need. Cant do that. 5yr cust
Happy Holidays JABBERS! Hope you're enjoying this fabulous Miami weather.
YTown loses. Bet this was a good game to watch live RT Final. Wilton keeps Turnbull Cup, 12-11.
talk to the professor. Use your skill from Coed ;)
Has Walker endorsed Paul Ryan's Medicare plan? He endorsed Medicaid changes but seems like he hasnt given a straight answer
Finally, some great grub in Mission Valley: Jeff Rossman's new Bunz serves some of the best burgers - and onion rings - in town.
I feel like complete shit today, most likely thanks to the 0.01% of germs my hand sanitizer couldn't kill
It was gorgeous!
"What if you could get the future ahas a little earlier . . ." Sharing an amazing #breakfastcall with & authors! :)
CIS Chess Instructor: "Yesterday, a student who just moved here from China said the 1st English word I've heard him say: Checkmate!"
Used, at various points, interviews, focus groups, and participant observation.
Heat dont gt a great roster...just great hustle
Not quite sure yet. Waiting on Kendall to get here. Hopefully a little before noon. My break is until 1:10 though
#GoTribe Nah no studying time to watch baseball
Today is Friday! Beer:30 at 4:30. Collective Desk Concert #2 with Ditch The Pilot at 5:00. Oh, and we have donuts!
- Ha! Totally.
haha love you too! is it bad to take 2 of these?
what?!?!? you my friend are confusing me :] lol
definitely! let me know when you girls want to meet up!
The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment. Elbert Hubbard
RT : When the flight attendant asked for my final destination, I answered "greatness".
Service portfolios and how to share out information about services now under discussion at
business opportunities popping up all over the place. sure wish I had finished college and finished that business degree. ugh..
Its Hard To Swallow When U See Me Huh?...Speak Up Nigga!!
Please Follow Back Its My All Time Wish Other Than Meeting You Of Coures!(: #NeverSayNever xoxo Follow Back!
what's he going to do when they strike Iran?
oversharing/commenting/tweeting usually. Tonight I've directed it to continuing to learn Spanish.
I wonder who cause I know somebody saw me lol
Sophia Bush, love her voice... Chad Michael Murray's a dipshit. &Blake Lively's not hot enough 4 the double R, there I said it.
I'm pretty happy with batt. Tho haven't got to try 4g yet...
Fantastic as well:) But I'm not even sure, Im planning to visit hopefully in the next two weeks or so?
I'm in a mood for music I grew up to.. my playlist rocks. :)
Anyone missing? Let us know. RT : created a new list titled 'Ascedians', follow it here: /ascedians;
Just as much as we see in others we have in ourselves. ~William Hazlitt
wtf south park?
I feel a bit stuck w/o second degree. Also, would provide flexibility n different types of industries related 2 education/NPOs.
It's on
Interview questions? Send me your best set of questions and I'll answer them.
what up on a 16?
“: ": text me right quick" <<< same number from last night?” Ayee I'll text you in a min" <<< ok
Agree. Always use shot fake. Good shooter or bad. Always be a threat, or at least fake it.
Its a Leisurely start to the Thursday Morning Commute.... all of our Freeways still looking good....
I did that for a friend for Secret Santa this past Christmas. I think she liked it! Plus it was different.
Off to the ETA. Back Thursday night.
be sure you say when you stop in., thank you.
Kevin Gregg gets the Bosox 1-2-3 in the 10th inning of a tie ballgame. The Mayans are definitely correct...
For years I never knew there was Carvel on the West Coast. Turns out there's three in LA. Fudgy the Whale here I come...
I've got a fever. Don't think #morecowbell will fix it, either. Boo.
thanks baby! Stilletos, pumps in da club!!!! *Snap snap*
if you, Dan and I can eat that entire thing I don't know whether to be proud or disgusted!!
I've been quiet today on twitter. Getting my tweets on with this: would love to see New England lose tonight!
Youre a teenager. Have fun. You only live once.
“: I'm just struggling with a world where #Tebow is more exciting to the general population than cloud computing”
You texted your crush and they didn't yet you back, they wee obviously so excited that they fainted.
Wow! RT : Exciting news! The 1st HUMPBACK WHALE of season spotted by Hornblower today! 8 gray whales along w/ one humpback
- Thanks for the follow, fellow #event #planning #charity pro. Happy weekend!
we missed u:D.
If I can get over it and move on, why can't you?
I know. Nothing waiting on my friend to hmu Im bout to fall asleep waiting. :-/
Instagram has been released for Android! Follow BNB by searching username: BadNewsBears
Something a lot rarer (I would guess) but equally as beautiful? The bus crush. It's like seeing a unicorn win the lottery.
Def "musts" Get back, Shrink the floor and protect the paint, Close hard and contest, Aggressive without fouling, Block out and rebound.
Ok! Cardio, core and one bloody mary! Walk to gym at 548pm? ": lol you didn't answer the question!"
no thanks
BOCCE REGISTRATION ENDS ON 4/21/2011.. MAKE SURE YOU HAVE TEAM SIGNED UP!!
is it your birthday today!?
She was only telling u my Phrase.., U KIDDIN ME? (N My Voice)Haa Nice 2meet u
Thanks, and will do.
yea they did 2-0 against queens park.
Welcome to my page! :)
the middle is by far one of the most funniest, smart, feel good shows!
SPI: It was GRILLED CHEESE DAY! You had to come to us! No one wants a grilled cheese through the mail! #cold&greasy
At this point in life I'm thinking of dropping out of school and becoming a bare-knuckle boxer...thoughts?
I'm checking out #nakedsideofgrace on Friday!
OMG Me too! And then I have to put on the "I really wish I didn't just hear that" face LOL
Love your profile image! Looking forward to connecting tonight at
Fun fact! ... More Young Workers Enter Facility Management Profession as Average Annual Compensation Nears US$100,000
I said to the wanting creature inside of me, What is the river you want me to cross? -Kabir
Unfortunately, I am in the same predicament as Last minute lunch meeting :(
Congratulations on your Arts Achievement Award! "PR is all I've ever wanted to do."
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.!!!<3
Thanks for the RT
I'm just trying to win an EGOT
RT : Day made, again! RT : ESPN just said Wisconsin will be a "huge NCAA championship contender"
Welcome to all the new followers!! If I haven't followed you back yet let me know and I will.
k so stuff tomorrow
But...Steely Dan gets laid by design.
ok, you use the refract. For syrups, but what do you use the syrups for?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Were is my miss my sexy
Loving the passion and physical play by Dirk. Don't worry everyone, he'd have to punch Durant in the face to get tossed.
anyone else beyond stoked for opening day tomorrow ?? go #padres !!! -
Just cause someone is being quiet doesn't mean something is wrong.
Just 2 of~70 things! RT : Astragalus&cordyceps r known as 2 of the most important herbs in Chinese meds.Guess what contains both?
think I dont see things ? huh . .
So true! RT : "Any time is a good time to start a company." —Ron Conway, Founder, SV Angel
this night just got better. followed me.<3 thanks sweetheart.
RT : #UpAllNiteShow we got special guest in da <<<<aye
Shut Up Niqqaa I'm Sleepin.
idk if I'm here next weekend .. But I wanna cu -_- hhah
Heard about the "Have Your Revenge on UFB" contest happening 10/29 ? Video yourself playing UFB and send to
Maybe this corn is messing with my flavor tasters
people should send me one direction pictures ! <3
We are underway now in first overtime...
he is such a pee wee lol
I don't know the science behind it, but a mocha is the only espresso drink on which I can do any kind of latte art with steamed soy. Help.
Ideas have consequences. What u believe will determine how u behave and ultimately who u become.
When you see one of your followers in real life for the first time and don't know whether to say hey or not <<<
excellent advice from : Launch days==stressful. Something WILL go wrong. Take it in stride!
clean their mess up
K and kids arrived home safely.Unfortunately, K took some of the wrong people along and had a miserable time.He deserved a little fun.sad.
Trivia: What city and venue did Rick James play on July 3, 1982?
#rectalbleeding #meatballprobs LOL this show is so bad but I can't turn away
Happy 4th of July!
To all entertainers.Please! Check these business people background first.
He also has Tom Cable coaching up his O-line and he was a first round pick. Lynch will surprise people next year.
Terrible! RT : Everytime my landlord comes by with people looking at apartments, I ruin it for him. Straight Stepbrothers style.
Why the #Lakers didn't close that ish is beyond me?
MORE 1 #Follow Go the #followers !! :)
Btw sleeping naked tonight dream of me. ;~)))
yaaay i grinded for the first time today. :)
I'm all for getting Hart's terrible D out of RF but what do you do in RF/CF then?
Y U NO COME TO MY ST. MARKS READING THIS MONDAY 5/14
Go Braun! Always had faith. Never strayed away Never doubted Never believed the hype Behind you and the Crew all the way.
Who ever organizes traffic downtown needs a dildo in their butt asap was forced to 3! Exits not everybody wants to leave jackass gotta work!
Happy happy Monday! Hope everyone has a fantastic week :)
We're moving forward, we're not there just yet.
Girls will find out everything.
Would you rather have a satellite radio or a GPS system?
Most endangered....New Market Road Corridor,
hmm, that might have been the siren I heard, but doesn't explain the smoke smell
#Appreciation to 's gala presenting sponsors! , the David & Julia Uihlein Charitable Foundation &
great news for all who are considering remodeling or putting on additions!
#christmasstory is exactly what I need in my life!
Thanks, Blythe! I'll drop off a copy at the studio for you! Also, Donald Kushner is interviewed in the book. Ask Brad who he is.
At most laundries in this city, it is either pay and lose some of the clothes or refuse to pay and lose all.
What DOESN'T your BIM model tell you? - #BIM Realities; Dealing with Jobsites in the BIM age-
especially "what's up"
The Devon Worley Band, CD Release Party at Toby Keith's. July 20th Special Guest: Mutli-platinum Nashville Recording artist: (It's a secret)
LMFAO oh , yes my mom is going hahah
EVERY RESPONSE makes PROVES how INEPT, INSIPID & IRRESPONSIBLE he is! #GOPGOTTAGO2012 !Where's whn he needs her?lol
After party for every party this friday ladies yall free all night party dont start til the other clubs end 21+ BYOB 5 flat screens
RT “: #euopenhouse Italy has NO free food or wine:( not worth the wait” > thanks for the tip!
Great day, projects going well, business where I want it and kids giggling in the pool. Good life.
Andrew Luck is a mouth breather
woah man how did u score that?!?! :O
thanks for the follow
i am in fucking love with this too, i want to make love to it. oh, and thanks for the surprise text this morning
Bella Forte is moving its studio into 1200 SF of beautiful space complete with C&P printing presses ready to print beautiful letterpress pi…
#IWantToHave a relationship with my baby daddy that last forever so I can tell my kids to go in the room with Daddy Not to call him
Sigh...there's the inevitable Mexican goal.
: WOAH!!!! What u be sayin boy????? Are u biscuit talkin now!! Lol!!
A smooth sea never made a skilled mariner.
Using for the first time in Chicago with . Awesome service!
Anyone got a pair of agressive inline skates they would like to sell to me?! Haha
Hiphop international is following meh :D
T-Mobile offering free phones/tables on Saturday Feb. 11th? Boss, wifey and I are eligible to upgrade.
February in an extended remix.
ESPN has all our schools on the preseason top 5 for next year...Lutes/Mikulecky final four vacation?
It's All You Can Eat Wings Night at most of our locations! Who's joining us for dinner?
the trouble is, he's stuck with so many bad actors who don't know how to play funny
They rate everyone. If you're on fb or a blog, in this case twitter they have your name & rate you on your social interactions.
I think my cat might be cross-eyed.
The #Avengers commercial made the Super Bowl worth watching.
hopefully the experience as a whole was sweet...and she's right "Mad Sconnie" FTW!
- Tomorrow is the 25th anniversary of the original Farm Aid. I was there - www.theconcertstage.com/farmaid1985.html
hmm... Maybe so. I've got a minimum number if you're too busy, though
In the clouds for the last time I'm giving it up this time for real
it's not exactly loneliness.
Wish I were there, but season premier from the hotel is no small consolation.
": I am here because he died and rose again" mane i like dat there... me to everbody is
Local roadside motel with fuzzy channels? New Mexico Satellite Man is on the way!
Be on the look out for features with and
I should probably start these essays within the next hour...
No Way!! Really? I thought for sure Duncan Hunter would voice rave reviews for Mr. Obama's speech.
Did you know: Natural stone is always porous to some degree. If it's not properly treated with a protective sealer, liquid can leave stains!
hope you are having a fab Monday, thanks for the mention
Chilling with my girl all day.
Magic fans need to put out the #orlandomagic area homes are moving fast
:) thank you! RT : I'm glad I came too! (: Haha. You guys are really talented!! You guys killed it yesterday!
“I can look at the knot in a piece of wood until it frightens me.” - William Blake 1757-1827
Greenpeace&#39;s Sign to Amazon, Microsoft: &#39;How Clean Is Your Cloud?&#39;
The weather is beautiful in #Philly ! Are you ready to camp? #EdCampss #sschat #edcamp #edchat #ASCD12 See everyone soon!
You're welcome Oppa! ^^
When you start a number of different companies, you are doing something different all the time and, as a result, continually learning.
i walked into lil' ceasars and they were playing good girls bad guys and sink or swim. and ive never heard ETF anywhere > craig
Happy Saturday West Coast. It's 11:11...Make A Wish!!!
TROUBLE WON'T LAST ALWAYS
congrats frm me too RT : Congrats on getting your new CBS pilot Vegas picked up to series!
Happy Birthday Justin. We Love You Your So Inspirational To Alot Of People Out There <3 #HappyBirthdayKidRauhl :')
I'm sure well be discussing it in IRC as well.
Exactly, it's called a condom for a reason.
"Love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a teardrop."
Gave Gary and Dylan my bank card to get cash out for me, got a feeling they're gonna forget my pin and get my card swallowed
I miss you.
Dear College Students, Don't graduate. Stay in school. As long as you can. Coordially, A jealous college grad
When your friends 11 year old brother cries while reading a book about bunnies
not collocated yet but I am leaning toward macminivault
When I lay down after walking a lot, I feel the veins pulsing in my thighs. It's so weird, it feels like I'm being poked in random areas.
is it Jimmy Conrad?
it was a bootiful river
Looking for media sponsor for #Arizona tour dates.
I love coming home and smelling like him <3 I'm so ready to go to my grandmas and eat (:
i actually liked the movie we watched for history.
Happy Saturday!!!! We have an awesome Bootcamp going on at Innovative Fitness!!!
hahaha "The wheels still turning, but the hamsters dead"
"To do is to be"-Plato, "To be is to do"-Sartre, "Do be do be do"-Sinatra, "Scooby dooby doo" - Scooby Doo
Another lovely compliment to thank you for. I may quote you on that...
It was 90° at work today..#turnontheAC !!
The waves are huge here on the Big Island. We can hear them from our office this morning.
I feel like deleting my Facebook it's so boring
Hi Dami, yes we are still open! Celebrating 35 years this year! Come in for a sweet deal!
Thanks to everyone came out to the SFTA event last night! A special thank you to Peak 10 who put on a fabulous panel discussion and FPL Fib…
We still have a lot of work to do w/ #HIV prevention, outreach and education and that's what we are doing.
We're working hard on a solution for senseless pet euthanizations!
wow thx sultana!
hey :D
O'boy another twitter update. I wonder if it will unfollow everyone again. Says it was fixed. Ill find out soon.
How could I not enjoy a book that's subtitled Embracing a Theology of Risk, Adventure and Courage?: The Faith of Leap
"I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free". Michelangelo
wave ur fingers up in the air la da da la da
don't eat me.
If you wouldn't ask a friend to borrow money everyday, then why would you use a credit card to buy shit you really don't need?
But I won't be able to put it in the bank as we're always to late, I might not even be able to go out on saturday boo :/
aye! u real af!
apparently I won concert tickets. this seems fantastic.
Mike Adams nickname? Gomez?
The moment when your professor's pipe tobacco spills out of his pipe and onto his desk.
Why did he try to get you jumped?
I need you all to votes and comment www.oprah.com own show then browse vote Put in Dawn Reese Show only one more day left thank you so much
Rove: HC legislation paid for with "jury rigged, Bernie Madoff style of financing"
apparently I hear you are a
#WaysToMakeMeHappy Feed Me!
girl he a bad influence...well dont let me lie..we be influencing each other...our petty asses..smfh!!!
Time 4 For A Quick Nap!! Back To The Lab #HomeSweetHome#
Seriously I'm going early to pay...WE MUST GO!
give me that damn beat now
I'm stoked to go to kings island on Thursday. I'm gonna annoy everyone and tell them everywhere I went in the park when I worked there. heh.
ipl-MCA imposed life ban on ShahRukh Khan to enter into Wankhede stadium.
Landscaping @ Winter is the best time for makeovers, prices are MOST competitive FREE Sketch/Design, ring me; 619.752.6804 Expert!
I'm embarrassingly excited for the
Kicked my own booty today- 1 hour strength/cardio combo routine...aka, HELL
RT : Picked up my car from PA. Cruising back to Brooklyn, 80 degrees and blasting
oh i was just tryn to get ur mind on cake so u would get one lol :D
"Thank you mom campaign" was an opportunity to grow several brands
oh yes it does!
Glad to have you back in GB. Congrats on the new deal!
Will look smashing. Great color combo!
yep I'm here babe
i wanna be a caddy :)
Tyson's Corner architecture is a reflection of firms not wanting to appear too extravagant due to govt $ as sole funding source
Also, that damn tulip joke reminds me of my political economy class and my kooky professor. Now I'm stressed out.
MOTHERS DAY IS SUNDAY!!!! you cant kill a baby spider SMFH!!!! :0 what are the baby spiders gonna get her if she is dead :0
I love Sausalito!! But now that you mentioned, it does look like west Seattle!!!
thank you. Customers like you made this possible!
Seems like the people with the most problems.. wanna give out the most advice
Thank you to Tom Potter, Marcus Cortez,and Nathalie Lawyer for an amazing job teaching this semester's EMT class!
What the hell is a Hot Chelle Rae? This is horrendous.
Bucky Book 21 is under construction. What business(es) would you like to see in it?
That moment do everything you dont want just to piss you off.
Vegas tweet.
I mean, at least when we were beefing, we weren't subtweeting the whole time lol
What's on Osama's hard drive? Friend's reply: "Probably porn."
I really hate winny people:/
Carol Levy at Hillel's WHO Conference: The best leaders are those who are willing to take a step back and give others the room.
Get to Know Glam Fairy Fashion Extraordinaire Glamo Glamo, who works with (not for!) The Glam Factory as the wardrobe stylist, gave us a
NO! There's still time!!
i dont even need to hear the challenge, has way more heart and talent than you, i knew him personally, HE WILL OWN YOU
So tired of this 2 year narrative I have been experiencing of unemployment and broke ness. Its really getting old.
I'll tweet about it if I'm allowed to. :)
Bro time with and roomies! Put it in the wheelhouse!
I came up with this little review game called "one word association." The kids love it! We're gonna do that today.
Baby I'm addicted to you.
goodmirning Val can you please send me David William contact phone number?
are you at a computer,i want you to hear something, and if you like it, can we work something out before tomorrow
"Taste of Hollywood" is our new quick service picnic meal for #Fantasmic. It includes a Dining Package ticket for the show.
Just left our meeting.. Got good news.. F.M.G WE COMING
This day 1849: University of Wisconsin opened with 20 students taught by Professor John W. Sterling. Tuition was $20 per year.
I forgot about "White Houses" by Michelle Branch, but it just came on shuffle, and I'm in love with it. Such a great song.
gurrrrl you got a job too gurl!??
i just finished an episode of some foreign shit c:<
where's the scrabble love?
Take away the NJ outlier and he already has RT It looks like Romney may soon overtake Obama in the RCP poll of polls
I Love Jordan Benker Because he has a sassy gay voice (;
Learn not to depend on anyone.... Because even your shadow leaves you when you're in darkness
Gahhh sore sore from yesterdays mile, thats the shortest ive gotten ever but still room for improvement
RT RT : Whoever says that they would still work if they won the lottery shouldn't be allowed to win the lottery.
Doctorate, but experience can be substituted for education.
Off to Shanghai. Upgrade cleared :) Anyone out there in China feel free to drop me a line and we can meet up..will be in a few cities
Ah, lady, when I gave my heart to thee, It passed into thy lifelong regency.
Watching the mtv vma awards.
Making some calls today to work out presenting a showcase at SXSW
“: when are you guys coming back to new york?!” hopefully in June. Keep u posted!
that sucks ass.
Thanks for the RT!
Happy valentines day everyone! <U+2764>
is it too late to pitch for presenting at podcamp philly 2011? (sending hugs + well wishes)
taking the bus my man. Traffic on Milwaukee. Is jacked right now. Trying to get drink first tho.
oh good lord o.O :(
Day 71 of 100: I am thankful for the relaxing coffee-making in the morning
thanks. Happy thanksgiving to you and your fam.
REMINDER from CPH: Tomorrow, November 8, is Election Day be sure to exercise the sinews of democracy and VOTE!
I would back the Op under suggestion if I hd the smarts for damn sure..
Next up: Free Reading Jan 17th and full production of ART opening Feb 11th. Hope you can make it.
follow back please?(:
Fear is an illusion. If you use that energy for self confidence - you will be amazed at the results. - Unknown
My oldest, while playing goalie, blocked a kid's shot and said, "I'm like Anthony Davis." Yup, I love that girl, #BBN for life.
I think that really does up the stakes
Same here ..writing RT : nm chilling working wassup with you ?
You really love her kelly. Not sure why. I think madonna is a third rate talent who clawed her way to the top. She makes me ill
I MISS YOU IN SOFTBALL!!!
Great stuff. Learn a lot and am pleasantly surprised when I already know something these pros have to say.
NPR announcer definitely just said "Mozart's Marriage of FUH-GAAAH-ROH".
You should tweet That would be epic!
argument only true if we had idle pot-hole filling crews. Sounds pretty easy to check.
Lol thank u, u got a Facebook?
Next Monday: free audit for popular Film & TV Audition Scene Study Class w/ BTS Artistic Director Anthony Grasso. 3 spaces left.
No Justice for Caylee! I'm sick to my stomach!!!
We are live today on the inside stage of The Korova for The Big Spill 2012 (Music Festival in SA). Go check out the livestream.
okay....so, how ya think its gonna go?
#FF Thanks to we won a wristband to #SXSW! How cool is that?
The pup is having a good day. I think we'll spend a little extra time out in the yard this evening and enjoy the tiny snow flurry.
Darn you #starbucks for posting your calories! You're makings think twice on the delicious chocolate brownie in the case
I hope I really did make you cry , & i hope i really did hurt you !
Simple tip, just relax your neck using doctors recommended neck pillows and forget about your cell phone for a few moment
Know that no matter what you're going thru,God can see u thru it. God Bless.
Thanks for coming to my show!!
Non-Autistic people almost 100 % of the time *get it wrong* about Autism & the Autistic person - better off w/o them in r life
ActionScript 3 for food: KirAnnotator - Flex AIR annotation tool ...
I'm staying out of this one.
Anyone in the Dallas area looking for a part-time prepress position? DM me and I'll pass on the information.
I don't think they would want to do that, especially if it's a substantial amount of the military budget. :/
#ILoveSatCoffee See you next week! It would be sweeter with a gift card! Love your ugly muffin!
Yes! RT programming for the next few months. Looks like a good winter to avoid the cold in my favorite place.
#GoBadgers!! :) Let's Go!
So if I have the right numbers but they're in the wrong order do I still win?
Thanksgiving was great...good food with friends. Didn't score anything big on Black Friday. Was looking for a cheap laptop..need an HDTV.
Feel your pain. RT : When a journo follows up a quick "I'm interested, please send more info" response with radio silence.
#Garry that
#50shades RT" : If my life doesn't end up like the lucky one or 50 shades of grey I'm gunna be pissed"
Mequon's #E-Street is such a cute boutique. Awesome staff, great selection. Felt like Chicago!
pls follow me make my dreams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 36
New Year's Eve will never be the same. RIP
It's time to Sonic
You are beautiful. Don't let anyone ever tell you otherwise. I love everything about you Niall James Horan<333
any plans for tomorrow?!
Very exciting!
You know what makes me happy? Seeing a courtroom artist's drawing, seeing all those women on the Supreme Court bench.
The Travel Goods Show in Las Vegas has finally begun. What booths are you looking forward to the most?
I love making it seem like I'm really into my homework with my head down but really I'm tweeting
It's going to be 80°! Hell yeah I'm going to play golf!
It would be interesting to see a new player come out, but w/ the 'saurus so strong it would be a tough battle
This Thursday we're at Rio Brazos in Granbury for the first time!!
If Georgia wins today, the nat'l champ will be played by TWO teams who didn't win their conference champ?
Awesome! What class are you currently in?
sounds like a good deal
I wish upon a star, I wish at 11:11, I even pray for it, But what Im wishing for is a 1 and a million chance that i'll meet u.
I'm referring to dance since I'm a student of all 3 flamenco teachers in town and I also help promote shows & workshops.
#20ThingsAboutMe I love my family and close friends
"Supermoon" my ass.
Tami kinda cute
Sushi w my man made it all better. Plus new highlights. Red! I've always wanted red hair. Can't do it...but got copper highlights. :)
have so many things on my mind , and so my places to go ..... tryin to stay focus at all times .
ya know once ate an entire horse in one sitting and then beat John McEnroe in ping pong.
Bryce Harper scores run after hitting powerful double. No boos from the hometown crowd. #Nats go ahead 3-2.
That's when you change your name and become a master thief/assassin for hire. Scouring the land for adventure and... stuff.
If U mess up when a script, be quite, wait 4 direction. No jibber jabber btwn takes. Its a production nightmare.
Yeah, that's what I meant. ;)
Shawn's parents Bob & Linda are in town for 's show tonight at the M Bar in Hollywood! Come meet them, show at 10 PM!
I am disappointed that my #NewYorkKnicks' roller coaster season has come to an end, but I guess that it was to be expected.
loved Son of No One Trailer on Boxee
Welcome to Mizzou! Beyond excited that you are a Tiger!
RT" These Dane County judges are just aiding voter fraud in the state of WI. Trust me, I know A LOT about fraud."
": Great morning wrld, keep your head high & ur dreams a reality everyone"
I can has cookies?
I'm excited, too!
AFFILIATE BROKERS CAN EARN SIX- FIGURE INCOMES. SEND A EMAIL REQUEST TO
For your singing health needs Thayers natural remedies is a must have! Look it up.
Hi everyone! Havent been on much, been sick almost all week
I can't think of a better way to end the SOTU watching.
Happy Easter!!!;)
what's the highest usable ISo on the D3?
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination
Wanna draw..... what should it be?
On my way to the mall. If you don't hear from me in 2 hours.... Send reinforcement. F
I want you back
Michael Schwimer says Diekman, Valdes and Luna called up to Phils. I'll withhold belief until Rob Lowe confirms, thank you very much
I love the new album. I've been streaming it everyday since it started playing on Adam Official!
If you are, ever have been, or would like to become a Bond client send us some tweet feedback, would be great to hear from you.
can u come for dindin and funfun on Sunday?
Did you watch the #GoldenGlobes last night?
i need to reserve my Billy Bob's ticket now so i can yell out something stupid during the recording.
TAYLOR SWIFT!! GOOSH I LOVE HER!
Had a ball with the fam. My boo my crazy bro and his wifey my cuzzo and her fiancé
Why are people not accomplishing their goals? They are to worried about other people.
shout out to
OMG!, I L.O.V.E #SaySomthin, Best song of 2012.
girl hang out asap!!! I wanna inappropriately touch you.
You right... RT : smh no one dude
Go Giants its a tweet battle with the cubs
Thank you for sharing your favorite quotes!
Nice! Really impressive :)
I'm a groupie :)
Thats ok, I'll put you under my wing!!!
seeing you girls & the Yankees tomorrow is the only thing getting me through this day.
SafetySkills specializes in oil and gas safety. Check out our series on petroleum exploration and production!
Dont tell me Justin Masterson doesnt look like Voldemort from Harry Potter
I'll wave goodbye when you say hello.
Good evening tweeters the quote of the day is: Take time to PLAY... It is the secret of perpetual youth.
Stock market: heavy insider selling at Mastercard (MA). Beware, stock could take a hit.
where in BV are you at? Wanted to congratulate you on 10k peeps having a San Tan can in hand yesterday! :)
Oh wow Im glad you and your precious cargo are ok!! so sorry! Very scary xoxo
Turtlenecks or Twinkies? #iphone or #droid? Seems there is a personality debate among users.
#20ThingsAboutMe I am the jealous type :/u
Why don't operators just get a chair?
Had a great visit in Texas ... Love my friends & family to death ...Had tons of fun.. Not looking forward to going back to Alaska ... 8-(
Pizza and wings with tonight!
Sometimes we have to realize that we're making life harder than it really is by not letting go of things that no longer matter... #LetItGo!
I will if my future wife let's me hahaha I'm naming my other son "Drew Doughty" because me and him share the same bday lol
While your proposal to end the BCS intrigues me I cannot in good conscience give you my support.
Please check out my profile- think I'd be a good fit for a full time position you have open? Please shoot me an email! :)
today is your lucky day!
“: Saturday means a bowl or two or three or five or nine” calm down cowboy
congrats to you both! And many many more years to come for u both:-)
good morning. Hopefully today will fly.
Thank goodness for the #smbmsp45 stream tomorrow - may not make it in person.
Fuck with a winner.
gotta love
Majority of moles are benign spots. On the other hand, skin cancer, melanoma and lymphomas of the skin are malignant .keloidsurvey.com.
This time change is killin' me. :c
ROWR! Seski feel need for speed! Alpine slide at MtHood SkiBowl so awesome. Mountain Wind in Seski fur with sunshiny day to end adventure
wasn't it also included on that pyramid of food they made us memorize when we were young?
Did Google Translate filtered through a vocoder put you in a trance? Thanks for the RT.
Thanks for following Michelle
I went on Thursday and had a wonderful time. I hope you found a rebroadcast that wasn't sold out!
i need 2000 followers help me bro
that's so sweet
Stupid joggers
Thanks for following!
Wow - you got crazy insane good luck (for having been broken into, as it were)! That's fantastic!
I was filming princes AB...hoping for a follow up
Do you have what it takes to work on set? Netflix series #HemlockGrove is looking for PAs. Check out the website for details!
hey ! come play during our virtual exchanges nxt week in #Chicago !!! #Exchange20 cc
Phineas & Ferb is my favorite cartoon at the moment. <3 :)
lol! now following.....follow back.
club melt is free
"Kate, you are nothing if not reliably clumsy, in an adorable way." - best compliment ever from friend after telling her of my latest fall.
Ron Burgundy does not understand
thanks for the encouragement, so very needed...
So jealous! I have a couple that I haven't had time to play with :(
love it!!! Aww what a great dog!
Nice win against prendie
How near? I'm looking for a place, though I'm leaning more towards downtown. But I do work at UNLV...
thanks for the follow Emily :)
Did you hang up on someone? Shame on you.
Get ready for half price drinks during the game!
That sounds awesome!
Looking to re-roof? How about a roof restoration with a 10 year warranty at 2/3 cost! Call for details or Quote. 505-504-2522 Steve
You're most welcome. Thanks for noticing!
lmfao if we both went in there and were like hey are you guys hiring i dont even know what they would do
Please help retweet
bummer! hope you are feeling better
RT MASH #QUOTE: Klinger: "I will remember all the good times, I will. I think there were three."
Oops, didn't see the update with the other translation. I like his version better. Never mind.
I am so sleepy!!
Rock on! tickets sold out!! Benefit for Oliver Gant, feat. The Avetts, Love Language & more”
OH MY GOD ITS ALMOST UR BDAYYY!
Linkage Awards ram pack
why are you tweeting during class?
Do I look like a f*****g people person?
thanks for RT #Sept11 Berry Berenson Perkins bit.ly/mZND7L Her wedding ring was found on the street months later.
No Rush...How can we win with no rushing game, and soft coverage?
Get your spandex on, and stock up on your hair spray because its a #dudeitsthe80s weekend only on
Austin airport is a madhouse. Lines through security are atrocious. No surprise, but I should have woke up about an hour earlier.
Showers always make me feel awesome.
All that is gold does not glitter, not all those who wander are lost.
Thx for the feedback! Always looking for contributors, & I think highly of please connect w &
W.blackstreetintl.com check us out and get the latest Mixtapes from and
thanks! Love ya !
smart, sexy and critical. The whole package. :-)
Feel moderately guilty (black n gold forevahhh), but im lovin donald driver!! Good job boo, i grew up on motown too, you rocked it!! :)
Aaron Rodgers not on the 2011 Pro Bowl team. WR Greg Jennings, OL Chad Clifton, S Nick Collins, LB Clay Matthews, CB Charles Woodson did
"Eye of the Tiger" is trending? I feel older and younger at the same time.
Elway: You can look at every position on our team, and we could get better.
I knew it. U don't like me anymore. Fuck...it's like being broken up with AGAIN...</3
Can too much snark explode my iPad? Cuz if so, I can switch over to my MacBook for Bachmann.
what yall have tomorrow?
Interesting Proj X story :) - How about giving parents tips on how to keep homes safe through neighborhood social networking?
finally got a break but I didn't want to walk in the beta summit with the door closed :(
Creativity comes from zeal to do something, generally it is to make some money.
what happened with EY? :(
I like the title!
ew. what kind of recipes are you trying to find? epicurious is a good place to look.
sounds good, with a beer. :)
I was so naive and dumb when i was young. lmao i shoulda grew up quicker but i was stubborn and focused on "fitting in."
thanks so much... Looking forward to checking you guys out...have a great weekend
Let's follow 4 follow. Will help support eachother? Try the site on my profile for mass free promotion.
I LOVE charm city.
PHI not shying away from 1st open shot they see, as they try to pick up the tempo. Brand with 13 pts. CHI 41 PHI 36 4:22 2nd Q
Birthday in 13 more days!!!!#TeamAries, new tatt,new piercings,I.d updated,Yess 18 around the corner !!!
I.guess you didn't see where I called you the other day
Coffee ice cream <U+2665>
Happy to help on such an exciting day! RT : Getting Broncos around town on Manning thanks to for their help.
Most of them are baseball and SNL related videos
It's Saturday and we are serving up $10 cheese flights until 6. Nosh: the cold cereal and cartoons of adulthood.
I'm not hate Korea. I just feel like kinda living in boring life, though. Are you in Korea now? Let's meet soon
Why not enjoy this weather with some carne Asada! The weather is perfect for a BBQ! Pick up your carne Asada today and get your grill on!
Mystified by these "Mac-N-Cheezy Fun Ravs." Are they supposed to be shaped like manta rays?
CONGRATS Melissa!! Your Chloe Long Sleeve Tee will be on its way to you soon!
the slogan..."giving you places to put shit"
Ever notice how designers can't leave their website alone? Design is an evolution. If you don't move forward your website will say ©2007.
stop posting my mobile-based status update *location* by default and *publicly* by default... this is a huge security risk!
So apparently I look bad in skinny jeans. Great.
Woot!! Lob city clips!!!! Time for the mavs
We are fooled by a big con when we donate. Focus is on beneficiaries, not reality.
Everyone in El Paso! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
Falling tree injures Accord motorist
yeay, thats what i was going for!
I'm off to the Hollywood Jammers game right now. Come join me and Hip Hop Artist "The GAME" and others tonight at Grant High School 7:30 PM.
hello every one, i am testing to see if twitter followers areally following my tweets. please reply with "yes i am following" thank you
Love yuni b
Web Site worked for me
Music is such a beautiful & powerful thing, it only sucks when certain songs remind you of people that you don't want to think about.
I don't k ow hopefully I'll find out! So I can go to a friends house lol
I bet. I remember there was fund raisers here to help out.Seeing ppl come 2gether across the country 4 Joplin was&is very cool
Zambia may establish metal exchange to leverage copper dominance
Who's your favorite Photographer?
The half ass badass, not committing to his rhymes makes me giggle.
Got changed on my way to work...while driving. Got a lot of odd looks from people
I complain to everyone thinking thats gone make me feel better but it don't.
I was throughout all the bull.shit so itals safe to say I was a good w e you considered me
How do you define success of a live tweeted event? Special-ness does seem important. (But then who defines that?)
We're helping out at the St Francis Academy Halloween Party.
Did you know...People with diabetes are 40% more likely to suffer from glaucoma than people without
because i feel like no one likes me
Miami is NOT letting up!
I love he is amazing!!! :) please follow me Harry!!
HOW DO YOU LOVE CHICAGO SO FAR ? <3 you guys are welcomed here any day !
anywhoo people who laugh at shit thats not funny <
Happy to share my thoughts on valued added analysis at #aiip webinar. Always interested in other views.
yea.. easier said than done ash.. its the worst
Ha! OK shutting it down now....
Sark-rebleu! It's Hollande in France (which will certainly get confusing for the Netherlands)
writing on the spot def gives that raw immediacy to the spits.
I feel ya. I don't have many close friends, and near me none.
I could spend hundreds of dollars in whole foods without an ounce of regret
Should've added your #Twitter handle to pic, snap! Have a safe trip to Kentucky.
Can you follow this dude he need more follower :)
Good one! Even would appreciate that one. #She'sHereAllDay
OH: Phones are where hashtags started...
yes! get the ball back G Force NOW
Waddup we finally got in touch bout' time to talk business lol keith was doing all the talking for us wassup tho?
What draws your wrath?
Math is so hard!!
what happened to us eating healthy this trip?
Aww he would always talk to me while I was at the clinic =( *Psigh*
I know how you feel. I can't sleep cause I got too much on my mind. You're not alone.
I love you too
i'm thinking about breaking into 's and smoking a few bowls. too impatient!
haha feel free
Happy #NationalNursesWeek! We would like to recognize all the wonderful nurses at our network of hospitals around the world.
My work day is just about over...
Thanks Rock! As always, we appreciate your support. RT : #SGIAExpo is a must. Registration is now open. I'll see you there.
Thank you HeartBroken!
You're welcome!
Curious about Wii? Play Wii Sports and games. Attend our program, Wii Sports and Games for Adults on Thursday, December 22, at 4 pm.
hey hey... #Maine is a solid team and has the top first line in the league. Great game by both teams.
how helpful huh?
Beer is heavy, UPS charges by weight, we charge flat UPS rates. We don't even have a packing fee added on...
lol no I'm not
we are! RT : Friday night my winning 20/20 special on lottery winners & losers. I'm in an office lottery pool, are you?
But dogs found in Pr. Geo.'s Co. thus the tag.
thank you!
The LA city bus system could turn Mother Theresa into a bloodthirsty savage. Imagine what it does to me.
Thanks for the follow Layton. Best to you!
I bet Ron Washington's cocaine buddies hated him. Have you seen the nose on that fucker?
ASAP ROCKY is that shit.
Need my list too lol jk
RT if you are running the this weekend!
Ozzie on suspension: "To me it's a sad situation...but that decision is made and I respect that decision."
This event seems super cool! Just saw all of the ads underground.
Happy Thanksgiving!! Many Blessings to everyone!! No watching the diet today lol!
Excellent photography!
and Eden! Ah the 140 limit got me! What is she, 19 today? ENJOY!!!! So much to celebrate!!!
Hahaha! So when are you coming to visit us?
Watching Secretariat <3
This boy means so much to me but lives so far away what should I do?
Yes! Edmodo is great. Use it within class and in collaborative projects with other schools/classrooms.
Got to see my personal favorite, Boogie Nights (1997), on the big screen—on film. Thanks, !
Last.fm just served me an ad for Let's Rock Elmo. I can't tell if they don't know me at all, or if they know my too well.
and thank YOU for letting us know about your experience! We have to know about it to make it right. We hope to you again soon.
Great Picture! Thanks for coming to Albuquerque and staying at our hotel
wtf is with saying women have balls? courage is a masculine trait now? let's whip up some gender neutral pronouns & slang for bravery
818 Scott, what up doe!!!
not you either..!!
Awk. I don't do follow backs.
I no you wont see this! But me and my friend have been up all night its 00.30am waiting for u!Follow me and
Been one hell of a week so far...never gonna say it could be worse again. Replacing that shitty phrase with ..bring it.
but if you really WANTED it to end, I'm sure you could find more destructive habits to make it happen for yourself.
Heading to Daley Plaza for coverage.
It's such a drag always being the heavy, man.
Family time
I'm in NYC where it's allegedly hot...but nothing like India :-)
...that is so cool, Kevin.
Closer to yes! Almost there! Check out OASIS on kickstarter! It needs your support! You'll receive sweet rewards. 4 days left to...
Practice your interview with a colleague before you have the real interview. Robles
If only there were a hundred trees surrounding me I might feel like I was home!
Thanks for helping us feed our hungry neighbors RT : I had a great time volunteering today...
what time do you go on at bowery electric?
Beach reading for trip to Mexico: Mists of Avalon. Putting it out in the Twitter void because I cant be alone with the shame/weirdness.
No I haven't. It seems I screen about 60 percent of what I should
Someday you’ll see the reason why, Sometimes, yeah sometimes, there’s good in goodbye
RT : Social media is not a tech job.
First market speak quote of the day - "asymptotic rise"
I do, too... but I didn't know that cooking was part of what makes me a nerd!
Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness. - Napoleon Hill
Excuse me???
i've been great, no complaints. im glad to see that your business is going well!!! i know you'll do big things =)
Nice photo, very rustic looking!
don't get too attached to Denzel's character!
YIKES!!!! STAY SAFE MY DRUMMER DUDE!
I am still here LOL
Bye! Good lunch! ;)
Thanks for the retweet Mark! I just followed you and am about to check out your tweets - which look really interesting!
wouldn't Kentucky from this year beat those 10?
Cavs are winning the lottery anyway, it don't matter
You are so welcome, glad to hear that you are; just continue having Those Uplifting Days.
Exciting first day of grad colloq., great P Wald keynote on contagion. Debut of #swerve, a collaborative cyberpunk serial—sweet
me nervous. I am going to be in charge very soon and I don't know how much I am going to let Ava see you. Ava tolerates you. Compared to me
Now that all the smoke is gone and the battle finally won
Hi Nahla! This particular group is actually for American YES students going to spend a year in other countries!
I need to stop waking up at three in the afternoon..
If only you saw what i could see, youd understand why i want you so desperately.
<<< It's a great community of people and been an awesome experience for me. Let me know when you are ready!
your middle name for now on will Emma. :)
Please! This is supposed to be a happy occasion. Let's not bicker and argue over who killed who.
Shocking excitement today about 3D scanning by archaeologists here in MD. Bet their heads would explode if they came to #NEXTgenM!
just sent it!!!
I love that You love it star .. stay shining always..
With any amount of luck, we'll be launching this month -- AND will be joining us in studio. Fingers crossed!
Do you think you will do another live chat soon ?
Woke up sick-_- and it's on Mother's Day *sigh*
no money = no piercing .... kill me :(
Carrick couldnt track a Barcelona midfielder that had a Lo-Jack up his ass.
Kobe dramatic...
I can't have guy friends? But he has a girl as a bestfriend.. A lil messed up? I think yes. #pissed off
The weather outside is amazing today.
The Timeline conversion is upon us! You have one more day to get everything looking good! Does anyone have any questions? I am here to help!
long story girl
Ok tough guy.
Awesome! Driving? Room in the car? Help driving? We managed to forget about til right now and SAD.
LMAO. You mean lucky. Go Bears!
If you send more than one Facebook invitation to the same thing, I will come & shit right in the middle of whatever it is
#hungergames that's all.
Its not true. Funny how rumors get started...:/
did you see episode two of TB?
Two demos up later today! Thanks to Carl for recording us and getting them done so quick Check them out @ www.myspace.com/dontmissoutmusic
Setting up some 4th Gen. iPod Touches so our faculty can engage in #mobile goodness at
good and yu?
I had the best dream ever last night, lol (: I met 143
hello sweets! <U+2764>
Weird conference today. Parent screamed at me, cried, and finally hugged me all within a 2 hour conference.
Jean de La Fontaine~ In everything one must consider the end.
Reading tweets & the CPD has stopped the from performing @ the House of Blues because of lyrical content I smell Bullshit
On your iPhone? The new OS has a separate notifications area under Settings that you have to change.
This is great! Thanks for sharing - and happy to pass it on.
GET THAT CHEESE, DONT BE SCARED OF THAT MICE TRAP
you're a health missionary. Converting the SAD heathen.
I believe #QRcodes are the NOW of #print & publishing! I think #clickablepaper will be next big tech trend for the industry too!
RT : Come catch Gaby G, Kenzo, and Shaggy perform in their developing projects called De Veras at Home Room tonight in......
Function first. That is what actually makes the $$. A little wonkiness in #Ux will be ignored if they can pay w/o pain
Aw, thanks for the congrats on the Daily Candy piece!
what the H is a nook? Like an E book
HAPPY CYBER MONDAY! Love, Riviera Spa
you have an excuse for sounding like a turd :P
Been crushing on you since #Josie & I was so scared of what I was. Follow our theatrical play & movement abt bullied gay youth!
I'm not sure that's tension they are feeling :)
I don't think it's on YouTube yet. I'm watching it on my DVR. I'd think it will be on YouTube by tomorrow or Wednesday.
So happy you enjoyed it!
We hope everyone had a great Holiday weekend!!
Hey you wanted to talk about the modeling shoot me a DM I'm Down to model just let me know
teacher meetings are designed specifically to schedule All the homework to one day. i.e. we are Hiroshima and they are the Enola gay
Man I'm rdy to get TATTED again
This should be good! ": Our #OSCARS performance is scheduled to open after the halfway mark! Are you as excited as we are?"
He's never even gone close to 100, so 150 would probably be the absolute maximum.
SUNDAY GIRL A SMART FILLY - Daily Star
Rt if u ever knocked over all ur smoke, over on that high shit. I sure the fuck just did. Smfh
that is so wrong!!!lol
I'M WRITING MUSIC THE WORDS OF MOTIVATION MIXTAPE VOL. 5 GET READY
All Your Musca Are Belong To Us
awesome, impeccable and simply a blessing. I'm a fan and would love to produce a tune for you with a latin tinge.
he's not that into me anymore we were hanging out with somefriends yesterday and he didn't even bothered talking to me
Join us to talk --> RT : TOPIC – Cars YOU Want to Own vs Cars You’d Like Your Friends to Own
LOL what's up?
“: Don't mistake friendly for flirting..That's how you get you're feelings hurt.”
I hated it.
Could be enjoying being awake this morning more...
thank you
New song being released tonight called "crawling through quicksand"
Burgers, Fries, Tarts and Juice! Come in and have a great meal today!
How could I possibly repay you for letting me know about this??
2011 NBA Champion Dallas Mavericks And Panini America Announce Multi-Year Marketing And Game-Worn Memorabilia Agreement
Another awesome service with my peeps at point loma convalescent home & enjoyed some in and out burger afterwards
So much new new music hit iTunes this week. Maroon 5, Jason Mraz, Linkin Park, Train! So
I love you.
Free Hugs.
Show tonight at 7:30 ish! this is my last performance at the grill until October!!!! i will be on tour for Aug and Sept.
awesome on DWTS tonite Big Guy! Gr8 memories... Thanks!!!
getting played on Mix 93.3 in Kansas city.... Thank you !!!
Monday Night Live + Today’s Special Beef Stroganoff = Goodbye Monday Blues!
#WeStoppedTalkingBecause I'm sick and lost my voice hehehe
Adam Sandler movies>>>
I will look, too.
RT : just gave me a sneak preview of the new album, "Beyond the Vast Endless Sea." Brilliant & gorgeous.
dam my coworkers are messy!!!
um we are hanging out soon so text me & let me know when<3
well u should be fine the Ultrasound is pretty interesting experience make sure you take out your belly ring if you have one
This game had best not be a blow out!
2 Polaroid employees' activism started intense pressure on Polaroid- 1977 Polaroid divests -
I am at one with my bitchiness, but really, don't make me out to be the evil one.
Im living life before my fame ;)
S/o to the guy that wrote "send money" on his graduation cap
her fault. She's the bitch.
doesn't give them alot of credit!
Wow he just disrespected you like you're nothing and you want to marry this guy? Are you feeling well
Yup, that's where I am: in MSR Boston. Where's the thing you read?
Excited to try Rasika in #westend tonight with ! I've never had Indian food before
just sayin you have the funniest tweets I've been laughing for an hour haha
THANKX a lot
Trick or treat a little extra tonight! Bring that extra candy to us tomorrow! We've actually got quite a collection started today
For all the artist out there we have the Dancers and Models for your Mixtape Release Parties, Videos, Covers whatever. Hit us up
Why the fuck is the news on my tv?
All sorts of cheating on today. :) SE/A this morning, now it's NLM Drug Info with
Only in America u can find people that check their phones every 10 sec and still manage to loose them
Jesus dummb ass <<<<
who knew?!
World Surveillance Group Appoints New Chairman of the Board of Directors
Normal is not something to aspire to, it's something to get away from. Jodie Foster
why cant it just be warm?!?!?
Last night I saw a guy walking through ellis with a loaf of bread and a 24 pack of gatorade. We will just never be on that guy's level
If round is a shape then yes, you are in shape.
Unicycle man on
Good morning people! Hope everyone is having a great 4th of July!
": What if when we close our eyes everything dissappears? #mindblowing"
Im out Here today
Tweet Tweet Tweet
LIFE HAPPENS!! The plan that we have may not be the PLAN that God Has... But keep on trucking!!!!
Thanks for following us on Twitter!
Norfolk State!
Have had about enough of the claim that the sole reason one built a large house or bought expensive goods was to show wealth.
plese help trend
just makin sho I tried calling u back yesterday it went straight to voicemail
I feel so refreshed. That sleep was amazing!
Aww yess I do. Both Hannah and me do. Mine is and Hannah's is Thanks so much! :)
:( I'll bring my own Clorox wipes lmao.
More celebs need to use their celebrity status as effectively. Protesting, posting video clips, and engaging the press will help.
maybe me and
FAMOUS SEDAN AIRPORT TRANSPORTATION SHUTTLE SERVICE is a professional, dependable and reliable luxury sedan limousine service. 248) 971-3100
Completely agreed.
cuz ulike her music or to boo her off the stage
CONCERTS ! 2nite at Body English / 2moro & at Cheyanne Saloon !
Ughh that really sucks ass. What a crazy/difficult season #dabulls had. #chi has the best TEAM in the NBA & healthy we'll go all the way.
Hi NFF - just sent you a quick DM about co-hosting/blogging for , a chat for #arts managers. What do you think?
None. There were 2 but they let me cut for a can of Ranger.
San Francisco > Oakland Does that make me a yuppie?
U ARE PERFECT :)
NBA + SEATTLE = Happy fans in Washington. NBA - SITTING COMMISSIONER = Healthier NBA RESULT = Bring a team back to Seattle ASAP!
Two members competing in #gwbizplan - awesome!
I see two amazing bloggers. In frames by some hot women.
Cam Newton is better than you think and so is the Arizona secondary... tomorrow will show all.
TY great article what a wonderful use for that area of
make an awful 2nd strike call on Freese. Freese gets a 2 RBI single next pitch. #NewEra for the #Cardinals. Let's Roll.
you should see the one where tim is tongue punching jabbys fart box... Gross
Miss America evening gown competition just concluded. Stunning gowns, beautiful ladies, and beautifully staged.
Had father-in-law over for brunch this morning to celebrate Father's Day. Egg 'n veggie scramble was well-received.
Oakland show for jun 14 is sold out and me and tried really hard to win tickets but we really want to go
Another hot & humid day in NYC! But sure is delightful. Auditioning at 11.
looking fine to us? is it still down for you?
#edshow Turns out it was AL GORE's GIRLFRIEND that invented the INTER-METH......Odd.....
#TampaBay legend #JimmieGiles thinks u dont have what it takes to beat him in #fantasyfootball. See what he means at bit.ly/oRFhKN
AAM members get in free! And if you're not a member maybe your conference badge would do the trick.
Evacuations lifted in the wildfire in Silver City. 9 acres, 20% contained. No buildings burned.
Have a blessed day everyone!
"Letter To My Son" hits home with me, major props to another dad doin' what it takes, I can relate for sure.
Give the gift of health, message me about my 6 month program rates!
Switched on the turntable, got out my bag of old 45s, and ended up dressing the Xmas tree to Hall and Oates B-side "No Brain No Pain."
Updating your HRIS? Make sure ALL BUSINESS rules are UNDERSTOOD! Have multiple eyes look at everything. DO NOT depend upon your 1 expert!
Do you have any New Year's resolutions relating to food? What are they?
We are in Washington for the Summer. If you or someone you know needs Video services for their business or products, give us a call.
Stevie Nicks sux
I think that tweet was about me . :/
what is ur problem ,
I have decided: I care, yet I do not care who wins the cup. In my mind us Habs won.
Not entirely sure just what I saw on the Rugby World Cup but I'm pretty certain it was the coolest thing in sports
Thanks for following!
Well, I don't know whether this could have turned out any better...
moderate democrats are the difference for control in the house. No moderate Democrats, you have a Republican controlled house.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action
In case you missed it: LOS VAN VAN cancelled their North American Tour-- Charanga del Valle is playing TONIGHT!
Tweet me a song
...where 3/4 of the men there looked like Kenny Powers.
Really? I mean, really?? RT If i hav kids, i guarantee they gon grow up dumb cuz imma thump em in they soft-spot for cryin
Then as an environment artist, I am awesome because I have done scenes using both completely handpainted to photo real textures
New goal for the summer - try as man food carts as humanly possible. Any suggestions?
Sitting in the IU Informatics lounge. Getting to reverse roles and be the dad of the prospective student.
I loved that you pronounced syracuse wrong :)
that's what i remembered from the by-gone days when I was a post subscriber
RT Thought you would enjoy this news!
If still looking for new career please check out bit.ly//mightannoy You'll need some entrepreneurial spirt & a sense of humor.
#WhereHaveYouBeen on ! #HappyFriday what do you want to hear?
Thx to everyone who came out during my talk. Great questions!
I'm going to have to make that happen soon. I'll show you with a tweet pic! There's a huge 65" LCD at Sams......
Monday is Fun Day for me and <U+2755>can't wait!
Be careful honey! Many have died already from synthetic marijuana. As we found out with out beautiful Max, it only takes once.
Sound the siren! Let's Go Blues! 1-0
#shoutout #Follow our friends Thanks for the support guys!!
Reminder! Lev on "How to Compare 1 Million Images?" TOMORROW at 4pm in the (sponsored by SHANTI, IATH, & the SLab)
if you used really or very or kinda unique, i would. but i'm also plenty sloppy on social media.
I’ll Have Another
I was appalled to see a bunch of people in a bar in MI wearing blackhawks jerseys. ugh.
if they did one more release, they could easily do that 50K... I have had it in my budget for nearly 2 years now :/
The line between art and life should be kept as fluid, and perhaps indistinct, as possible. - Allan Kaprow
Will do !
This time he blogged expand into weakness
pass that shit
Greinke's turn to get a No-no tomorrow
Agree! RT Too bad for Portugal! What a good team. #por Portugal
Stereotypes & Misconceptions in #SocialMedia with
Great live jazz and art at the B Spot in Capitol Hill. 7-11 tonight
RT Music is the best thing that's ever happened to me.
Anyways, I think i'm gonna go now, talk tomorrow/later :) Goodnight babes <3<3<3<3<3
Out of the 5 Philosophies of education, I find myself siding with Social Reconstructionism the most.
I'm not going home for spring break
Hi Christine, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
oops. I always forget.
Do you really want to sink money in Gary???!!! Detroit???!!!. I don't think so. Renting lets you get out.
Thank you to everyone who submitted photos, we received some amazingly horrid ones! Now it's time to vote for your favorites:...
everything was movin slow an shit an I went to sleep lol
Weezer can play on my Maine island in the sun anytime. We've got wicked lobsters.
Greek Easter is today ;)
Sorry ain't no favors around here homeboy/homegirl
I find it pretty nerdy that I check like 5 apps before I go to bed lol. Twitter is one of em
All because I tried to show her a video with UFOs
Fresh pot of Crab N Corn chowder ready at #Frenchys Original Cafe...1st one to find Mike & say "I <3 Frenchys" gets a bowl FREE!
Chicago #Bears: Jay Cutler says thumb feels fine, eager to return to field
Twitter is a great PLN~helps me find great resources 4 my teachers-informative articles, conference resources, search hashtags2
Please tell us which professor gave that test. They will be suspended.
Can't wait for this call, sounds amazing!
Tip of the Day: Improve your confidence level and overall presence by maintaining a more active and healthy lifestyle.
Always amazed by the conclusions people draw from afar. Constantly surprising. Twitter can be a scary place.
radio tonight! Special guests Stevokaneivel, Rick the Warrior, Whitney Houston, & Anna. That shit cray!
Myth- #Cosmetic surgery is about vanity. Truth- If you feel good about your body, you feel better about yourself.
Looking good! How hard did you miss Instagram on Android? Are there other apps you're missing?
#O's are still shining bright.
George Zimmerman's father seems like a swell guy. Seriously, why hasn't his son been arrested yet?
Let me sing you a song Make u forget something's wrong
Ice cream my bed and Colombiana
Enjoyed super #training day w/ #customer service professionals today. Wrkshp. :#Communicating w/ Clarity & #Impact #Trove can help ur
Yes it is.
I KNOW! and their hormones and stuff except when most of them on they period >.<
Attention #ATSU: Blackboard is back up and running well. Thanks again for your patience! :)
Where u at u in san antonio right
Corner Kitchen in Biltmore Village. The Obamas ate there! (12 bones would be great but is closed..)
Tonight Brian Kaldorf is talking to us about his work as a studio photographer. Stay tuned for tips on lighting and other studio topics!
heey can you do me a HUGE favor?!(:
crazy, crazy world
I found a flashcard set where the teacher wrote "fornication" instead of "fortification" as the word meaning "a stronghold".
Lmao the bulls are fucked jeez! <U+E412>
Then other chicks is superficial , but I knoe that you knoe I'm number one
Joseph Ventricelli had his first performance on stage in elementary school. He was Stevie Wonder!
Are we going to see a picture?
Chick-fil-a is great tasting food, fershit corporation. Makes my boycott difficult.
Really a question for I'll note, though, that this one's more of a directory/census than an #altac survey. +
- watching Matt Guerrier take the hill for the #Dodgers here at #MillerPark in #Milwaukee. Remember him?
Another day. Another meeting with a tourist stranger. Another recomendation for the Thames Street Oyster House.
Oh my gosh! If you've got a migraine, you should probably go home. They're completely intolerable for me. :*( Feel better.
thanks to , I bump to hip hop in languages I don't understand. flow is king
thanks for the feedback. Will try to fix.
i dont want to go to school.
I FREAKING love ! Every song he sings is friggin' amazing! <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Oh yeah, I forgot---too old, too slow & too washed up, lol.
n I love you too
Goodnight Justin. I'll dream of your movie and how amazing it was.#neversaynever !!!:):)
Day one of the Masters and I'm on vacation. Perfect!
You sound amazing in that video and you look SEXY. I'm in LOVE!
omgash when can i see you i miss you so mucho
Lars, with your back surgery and all, we never got you to Denver to speak. How about in November?
A Sazerac? It's actually a cocktail made with Old Overholt Rye Whiskey, simply syrup, peychaud & angostura bitters, absinthe, lemon oil
me too! #thevoice RT : O COME ON. Totes on the edge of my kitteh condo back here.
#wewontworkif you smell
puff it
Demented is when you see things that aren't there, , while melancholy is how you see things that are there. I think.
Looks are deceiving. Good looks are more deceiving.
Taking my Mom to see 'Think Like A Man' and then to Applebees for Mother's Day/Birthday.
thanks for the guess. I'll give answer at 2.
Ask Todd. We had a few on our way out of town in Dec.
« TRUST means everything, but once it's broken SORRY means nothing»
have you heard any of nickelback's new stuff
is it the noise or because they look like spiders ?
: next time you head to drop me a line. I would love to say hi!
An angry, ungrateful wook on his way down from a drug-fueled tour and back to unemployment.
fuck me like yu miss me !
This week I'm interviewing for Gay Life Baltimore...(GLCCB)...wait for it...JOAN RIVERS!
Thanks for support!“: Off to a great start! All young ppl have a right 2 access info & education on #SRHR . Side event at #CPD2012”
Man I love going into liquor stores in states other than PA. Who WOULDN'T love a Wal-Mart sized liquor store?
I was just about to cancel my membership, but Mad Men and Friday Night Lights on Instant means my instant plan will have to stay!
Who is going to get up early for the #NASCAR race tomorrow?
of course! Be there tomorrow hahaha
You stole my friend. ;)
Thanks for the shout out we are so pleased you enjoy our wild salmon tacos!
Now drinking a Mikkeller Beer Geek Bacon. Better than the Hop Breakfast by far
Nothing breaks your concentration more quickly than abrasively loud soccer moms spewing trivial nonsense about their everyday lives.
#TIIP4P Gen. Rick Lynch US Army "3 C's: communication, collaboration, commitment"
k text u in a bit
why do my parents keep putting bread in the freezer
haha! I'm still JT all the way I just gave the biebs some props for boyfriend ;)
I need to hire someone to slap coffee out of my hand if I try to drink a cup after 5 p.m.
Please add Lost Girl another season too. :) Loving every minute of it! :)
wishing it weren't so slow at the library during the holidays.
Well I've been trying to get to you as fast as possible!
Women have too much faith in Pill, condoms
Craig Coshun of just told us that at this very moment Corey Hart is working 1B def w/RR
Does Don Draper have to choke a bitch?
"Opinion tastes better than news" -
LISTEN UP MILWAUKEE, VOTE, VOTE, VOTE!! U WANT A RECALL VICTORY? U KNOW WHAT TO DO THEN!!
major boo as Hopkins as Alfred. Hitch is, at heart, a Calif boy.
TGIF! It's the start of July already and don't forget to stop by the clubhouse to pick up a copy of the July Newsletter and Calendar.
I have 3 sons so it breaks my heart to watch this interview but I have to say what a nice polite guy the brother of #Trayvon Martin is
we just posted our notes for hosting icon camps. you could totally organize one in toronto!
wow, you are full of great april fool's tricks.
Not necessarily, no. A good outlet won't release smthng they don't stand behind. But people free to dismiss, or retest
For my first tweet in awhile, I'll paint a really colorful picture for you. I've been taking mucinex for a few days and it's working. A LOT.
And hey sweetie, well I need you here tonight
Wednesday we are giving out free movie passes to see First Position at the Landmark Plaza Theater!Come to Ballet @ 5:45pm!
Gotcha on my To Follow list.
Becoming relevant online has to do with exposure! Be a part of the Shastic family! Publish your online portfolio for free! www.shastic.com
at mah aunts
Morning! After yesterday, between downtown and the heavy rain, it's definitely time for some sunshine.
Failure does not mean that I will never make it; It does mean that I need more practice
So you were able to make it out ?
Happy Birthday I am with you and will be in the next election! Cheers!
Happy Holidays! If you're at DTW this morning, stop by Heritage Books--I'll be signing copies of At The Dark End of the Street!
MISSISSIPPI AVENUE ALBERTA ARTS DISTRICT BELMONT & HAWTHORNE WE HAVE BRAND NEW HOMES COMING SOON IN ALL LOCATIONS.
omg congrats!!
girl you should have called me! That's my specialty!! #ILoveYardWork :)
Happy mothers day
I love Boston, lived there for my DI at BIDMC. You gave me a smile with your Paper Source post. Great store!
Seeing people happy is a
strikes out the side with fastballs after getting early k's with junk
wanna do something
Suppose to be doing something with my sisters
99 bitches don't compare to 1 loyal woman.
watching #jerryspringer. I'm ALWAYS amazed when fat women get violent when called FAT! I'M A FATBOY AND PROUD! FAT AND HAPPY!
What do you all fear more then anything? All go first ofcourse ZOMBIES
gonna be performing some Much Ado About Nothing tonight tomorrow Saturday and Sunday woo hoo!.
oh around lol my phone has been legit stupid lately
hello and Thank you
particularly with regard to important individual posts. -
great call. Do not show photo. do not imflame tensions. No good can be gained.
Noel Mazzone works w/ Tebow Osweiler & Phillip Rivers...3 of WORST deliveries in all of QBing. So, he is either Best or Worst guru ever!
It's a rainy day in LA.
Some girl just put her feet on blast on fb. i wanted to puke!
Gotta love our 225 Bush Street location in #SanFrancisco. If you need a #virtualoffice there $95/mo is an amazing price for downtown!
We swift
That's what my vanity plates are on my collector's edition bug shield.
The intro for the #NBAAllstar game has gotten out of hand! This is a basketball game. Not the VMAs.
Dog park!
2 things I'd never wear if I could-Pants and shoes. Its funny because I sell shoes and live in Chicago where its too cold not to wear pants.
time to cuddle up w. my blanket - Goodnight :)
Thanks to , former publisher of , for visiting us today.
morning to you..would love to meet tomorrow @ CTIA & give you a look at cellhelmet - 1st & only case to guarantee iPhone...
Today wasnt the same without ...i felt like there was a big part missing from me :(
Making it happen !!
shuttuuuup! You're hella flawless x)
wow you did great at the #SCREAMTOUR :) nice job u rocked it tonite #LatimoreGang lol
Thanks Audra for the include!!!
90% of the time when I say #oomf I'm talking about the same person
Thanks for the follow! You deserve a free song download dude! Just like me on Facebook and you'll get it! Thanks again
You can wash the cheese bits off your fingers, but you can't wash the shame off your soul
I'm bout to go on a cheating spree cause I hate who I'm talking to right now
Southern to the core.
Bell relents, signs tender offer with Bears - Chicago Tribune
hahahah i feel the same way
Happy wedding year to my 2012 brides! Can't wait!
We are trained to examine your home and tell you what needs to be done to make it more energy efficient.
Painful to watch the untalented. I understand the producer's reasoning but, I'd rather have seen more of the talented...
good lord
Candidate arrested for assault after pulling a gun in Staples getting 45% of vote in early returns//He couldn't find the EASY button.
can't wait to see you in Tampa tomorrow night!
Check out my next runway show this saturday! Its all benefitting local animal shelters! Doggies ready for adoption will be modeling too!
Do police sketch artists start out by drawing chalk outlines?
INTERNATIONAL Balloon Fiesta. RT : Languages heard spoken so far at Fiesta: Russian, Spanish, French & Japanese.
Hmm im full as hell RT: Tired as hell.
is so good. Just ate a chocolate donut via the way of #plane and all
I'm going to spend the day sitting underneath the Lincoln Memorial contemplating my existence. I'm not taking the Pats' loss well.
Severely craving one of 's mom's enchiladas.
Happy Halloween! What's your favorite #Halloween candy ?
I hate the library
Cheer up er'body. You can't have a Friday without a Monday.
I know! Guys like JR Smith, Novak, Fields, Chandler have to step up now and score some points.
Every time #emiril says "garlic" the crowd cheers. I understand why
My couson is such a ugh u know!! >:O
Streamers from the ceiling after a game 1 victory? Really, Atlanta? Hilarious.
you could always move in with
the key to vegan hangover breakfast is to just fire up the pan and throw that shit it in there - how much worse could you possibly feel?
RT Great day :) Amazing workout last night w/ , and slept great!
I will meet Justin someday. Never Say Never. I will talk to him and hug him.
Hell ya letang and Crosby
You're gonna claim you never said I didn't tear my shoulders but you did. YOU DID.
"We've been focused on lowering the barrier to content creation...no one is focused on improving content online" -biz stone
I'm home from work!!!
Free music, free boos, free horns game on flat screens. RAIN OR SHINE.
Lokey: i have an army. Iron Man: we have a Hulk.
but getting sean o'connell is easy
Follow NBC 15 photojournalist and help him get to 100 followers!
its gotta be a boy
w.family<U+E418>
I think this is actually one of the lessons our science teacher pulled out in desperation.
haha im trying to follow u but ur tweets r protected lol
We never did give our WNBA draft breakdowns...
Sorry guys I haven't been tweeting lately :( what are my tweeps up to?
Dance competition since 9 this morning and still going at it!!! Things we do for our kids!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086>
“ Walk with me I'll give u my pain, so much on my mind I wonder how it fit in my brain”
The rain makes me miss the #cta. Free ride home er day.
girl, i've seen you do work at HH. I think you're set!
Vocals are done! Mr and Keanu belted it out in less than an hour. Woot woot! Production to go and that single is coming soon!-CC
Well... that nap was a bad idea. 30 min to 3 hrs in no time
Debra's messing with your brain.
Follow back my nigga
#ThatOnePersonInSchool That everyone knows ."
Australia’s Mining Boom Reveals New Opportunities For Property...
Today I learned that is a fan of my right-to-work research. Whoulda thunk ...
please pick me :-)
just did
Office door closed, Brewer game on.
They had the copters (I saw 3 in one frame). The fault is lack of preparation. They shot views of the obvious towns.
Great start for Augusta State's Patrick Reed at Quail Hollow, -5 thru 12, just 1 off the lead
I forgot today was Sunday
When I see kids around my age around Buffalo walking around in local band merch like they're all cool. Pshhhhh...
If you are a member of South Jordan Professional Firefighters L#3851 please check your e-mail.
portland has been freakin amazing so far! i cant wait to play some shows here. : D
It's totally time for a new avatar.
ouchh :o i have a good average i guess .. but i HATE itt.
Had a wonderful time at church today!!! Wonderful blessings in store for me. Trusting and believing in God!!!
Happy national day of prayer <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Tweeting and driving
Yes! Call us to set up a free one on one career counseling appointment. 212 764 0172.
Thanks, Scott.
Which app addiction are you trying to kick? #DrawSomething, #WordsWithFriends, or #TempleRun?
Boys home vs Park today...Girls home Friday vs Glenelg
Why has god forsaken Tim Tebow?!?
chilling in the theatre between shows, with some
is pregnant or something she is too emotional, girl buy your own speak&spell... or better yet why didn't your mama buy it??
north! Raleigh...
I know right? Everywhere I look!
Berman 'have long term vision but don't miss what's right in front of you'
Beautiful and always a breeze.
Taking a trip to North Dakota to work @ a club named Whispers in Williston a city in the middle of no where, next Monday for a week.
you're such a creep
Such a bad person. I know.
Solid first draft of #gradschool paper finished. Off to get some 5hrs of sleep before work.
Heard a Christmas song on the radio today. Seriously?
I used to GM a retail store. Had to get out of that
MONDAY MORNING!!!!
TroopSwap is on the march and will start offering national deals tomorrow!
I think it's suuper ridiculous how over 11 million cosmetic procedures were done in just 2006, agreed?
but never has my dinner order been more intellectually satisfying. I'd pick your brain on sleep but that's too dense for Twitter.
I seriously wonder if people get pissed off at how I need to mention how Cervelli should be on the team at least once a day....
So not a celeb stalker. BUT... drinking at Wine Steals w/Tenley and Kipton from Bachelor Pad. Such a cute couple!
For example in a 10-12 team league you're still going to have valuable 1$ guys at the end so spending a lot early isn't as dire
Dark, her future seems dark.
Yes Sirr! Okay who you talking about? Lol...
no clue lol.
In the truck..
nope I live in CA but for my honeymoon I'm try to convince my future wife to go there she wants roman boo boo to that
hahahaha.....typical Hollywood story.
As long as you've earned the "chops" to wear whatever you are comfortable in.
love u
This is absolutely ridiculous!!! I need to go back to Raleigh! I would find this cream on my first stop at a cosmetics store!
you're
Follow my other account I use it more x
I refuse to do any schoolwork at home. If I can't do it in class, I won't do it at all.
San Diego friends- We play the County Fair this Wednesday- 8:30pm on the O'Brien stage right after We'll buy you a churro!
If you ever want a black person to be on time for something, tell them its an hour earlier then it actually is ..
Jessica Simpson, by naming her daughter Maxwell, is setting that child up for a lifetime of mediocre metrosexuality.
I miss you too! I haven't talked to you in forever
middle station seating
#WhenIWasGrowingUp transformers and thunder cats were on tv. I guess some things never change
Oh, I'm so sad I missed it! I need to stop by CFA more often...
easy win...nothing to see here...
Looking for a web based app that enables crowd sourcing of comments, pictures and videos- needs to be archivable- thoughts anyone?????
I think you've just been living in sugarland too long
My shoulders are killing me. Still haven't had anything to eat today
#rainraingoaway I'm #wearing new #Blake espadrilles from Where's the sun?
The greatness of art is not to find what is common...but what is unique.
RT I was a student driver for UC Regents. Used my truck instead of Ucla car to take regent 2 LAX. Fires everywhere
Me ;D <333
OMG! Let's cross horns!!!
Uh oh. No big ribbon on POTUS. He's defenseless! Biden's probably wearing two
It's always good. I already learned that trick.
Our office smells delish! Perfume testing/marketing as we speak! What's your fav scent?
Nothing left but to report but the final tally. Colorado Kings salt away the victory. 112 to 103
Breakfast in bed for the last born? No, ok.
Thanks a bunch to those that came out today for the Social Entrepreneurship event!
is the cheese to my macaroni
Who knew blurry vision was a side effect of the stomach flu
Lots of students tweeting #muawards for , must be so proud!
Who df just texted me??
And the best game you can name is a good old hockey game
#schoolmemories dancing to 's #Teeth on the classroom desks >:D
Do it! And please spread the word!
On an average day, Baltimore FFs & Medics respond to >500 calls in our 81sqmi City. Thanks to the Dispatchers for keeping it together for us
PORT MEANS LEFT! I GOT IT!
hi follow back? :)
You followed me back :D I thought I lost you their <3
glad you liked it! We got great responses from the article. It both looked good and was really well written! :)
RT : We welcome of radioshow A Way with Words () as our guest speaker on Fri 2/3 (more details forthcoming)
And walked it?
Looking to start streaming set design next Friday. Get your #anime fandom card ideas ready. :)
I'm so bummed that I missed you on Saturday. Hopefully I'll see you at next month's meeting. Hope all is well....
Well the night went very far south for me insanely quickly. Think I'm just going to go to bed early.
miss u. Hope we can get together soon.
Teach basic defense 1st by playing the ball w/bounce back and forth in pairs. 1st contact: defense, 2nd: set ball, 3rd: attack
RT : Save the date: The Heart of America FDN Charity in Chocolate Fashion Event! 4/23, 6-9p (#CLIENT)
wasn't the intention, but I'd sport them all over town if that was the case...
CEC opportunities, white papers, podcast, webinars. Things they can access on their own.
GOD THE ULTIMATE MISSONARY
Now that - I understand!:)RT : another way of saying don't be lazy or get your crap together or get out of the way...
in solidarity!
no Emma
*hugsback* thanks Kittie :'( about to take a pill for it
So ready for a nap. Except for the fact that I have a cake to go home and bake :-/
$6,000! You're in high demand!
In Dungeons and Dragons terms, I'd peg Santorum as "chaotic evil."As for Romney, definitely "lawful evil."
hahahaha of course you were chosen for that.
Have a great time in NYC!
Mostly. i take large craps also RT : hello doggy, what's your favorite thing to do? Sleep or eat?
skillionaires - love it!
Thanks for the support! RT : excited about the upcoming work of watch out for these folks.
I wanna see you spend $13 at the McD.
you love those Martins! The RB should still be there too.
If anyone wants a paper ARC of WHAT DIES IN SUMMER I have 4 copies left.
Signing yearbooks wasn't as sad as i thought it would be
If I don't write to empty my mind, I go mad. ~Lord Byron
Really,Pedro? 2 hits and 2 runs batted in? Keep on rollin.
I'm smart I'm dumb...can they please make my mine uo for me
I have a plan! Going to look for fabric this weekend. :)
Learning as much as I can about I/Millennium/various other products.
That's how I roll. RT : "I destroy my enemies when I make them my friend." ~ Abraham Lincoln
I really wish I had the time to take a pole dancing class. Despite the fact that I would feel a little slutty, it looks kinda fun.
I'm amused that "job creators" got to keep their tax cuts but it looks like I may be taxed an extra $40 in 2012. The 99% do vote, you know..
You're on.
that question is lacking detail, what pokemon? I sure wouldn't fuck with an onyx (literally)
Amen ...RT : Depression is a scary fucking disease. NO ONE is immune to it. If you think you are, you're just ignorant.
I've resisted using pinterest so far. I waste too much time on social media as is..
Shame on a [person of unspecified race] who tried to run game on a [person of unspecified race]
Such great hostesses for #JLWL12. Beautiful location & unforgettable grits!
.BeeKennedy Thank you for the #FF! XO Have a glorious sunny weekend!
Another person with a "light skin" complex
thanx and u coming too my baby shower!!!
Hey IL librarians: Do u know when Library Snapshot Day is happening this year?
Did you guys know that turning up the radio fixes almost all your car problems?!
Date night!
That picture is on La Jolla. I have tickets now too :)
Do you think Brittany Spears is ready to take control of her life? She does. She wants dads conservetorship dropped. Your thoughts??........
Harvard's Project Zero new Qualities of Quality study eyes educational impact of quality arts experiences for K-12 kids. www.pz.harvard.edu
Happy birthday to Ohioan Tom Batiuk! You can wish him a belated happy birthday at our upcoming book festival on May 12!...
Epic Sunny day! Time for the garden...
I just want to wear red pants.
Sorry for the vent...some days it just needs to be said. In other news, Happy Thursday! :-)
this week's paper topics are terrible. i have no opinion cos quite frankly i couldn't give less of a shit. ahh
Anything listed online we have those quantities in stock. So you tell us and we can work it out!
#StopSOPA blackouts are incredibly effective. Way to go Wikipedia for the support!
BOMBERS WIN! 104-95 If you were here- what a nailbiter huh??!
aw I was hoping Ray was nominated!! I'm here at home too. :)
Because really I am loose and get le sexytime every weekend -_- ... #AreYouThatParanoid ?
Families have a right to privacy.
Warming up for the #concert. Tickets available at the #SandersTheatre box office.
S/O to my new followers
Eliminate! Eliminate! Eliminate! Eliminate!
I can't be coo wit that .
a fucking documentary about weed!!!! i love this
#NP STREET CREDIT
3 in a row! Nicky!! Yesssssir
Dawid, you are my ray of sunshine in this chapter.
follow my otha twitter
Dr appt and then the vet? This is not looking like a good day for me.
trying to figure out something to do -.-
thanks for the mention - glad to be connected!
meeting lots of your azavea coworkers!
FYI Ken's 50th bday today!
You ok?
calm yourself!
#TeamStyx watching Behind the Music on you guys right now! Love you guys, my favorite! :D
Okay. Whatever you say Kate. These nice people in the white jackets would like a word. It's okay
got a fair amount of work done tonight, so I can actually go to bed at a reasonable bed time!
bounce with me, bounce with me!
LOVE! Hope your homework went well!
just texted u! :)
U lucky I like u
In France, a five year old child can buy an alcoholic drink in a bar
I have so much homework to do! Ugh lol I always wait till the last minute cus stocking is more important
On the train from Philly to Boston for PCA/ACA where I'll be talking about Muppets and metatheater.
in case you missed it, gelato is back. Tell all your friends.
How many times this week have you gone to OG ??
Yeah, that really sucked.
Last minute running around before I leave town.
Bets on whether or not Boehner's envelope contains crazy purple knock-out gas.
normal!!! You should be used to failing....I'm gonna go shave my legs
you're very welcome! :)
thank you & have fun over there!
It's SUSAN!!! So happy to see a tweet of yours fly by!!! LOVE!!!
is a sneaky bitch on gchat (cave dwelling arab)
Nas is that dude
I guess today marked our 1st official date, too bad Tron sucked
killin it though
These butterflies never stopped <3
Happy Friday? Big plans this weekend?
go to
Lol! Connecting our folks to make this world a better place!
so much for that thought! Is Pats D that good or Ravens O bad? I go the latter.
Whenever someone compliments me i feel like i'm obligated to compliment them back
Watching teen mom!(:
I love being retweeted (:
ur crushin the game with the new hair, darker look!
The Civil Rights Division is the conscience of the Department of Justice. ~ Attorney General Eric Holder
Listening to zac brown band and just getting REALLY excited for summer! 2 more weeks! (:
“: #YoMommaSoFat the Sorting Hat put her in all four houses.”smh hahaha
cause i wanted to was that a problem
Come alive
it saddens me,out of all the people in our great nation,that this is the only people we get to elect from as our president
Are you doing anything today for caffeine awareness month?
have too read it yet and good morning to you
this sandwhich is the shit! but my jaw hurts tryN to chew it..
ATTENTION INTERNET: Our website's server is down for some maintenance. To the angry horde dying to see our website today, please be patient.
Kirk Cameron isn't homophobic, just brainwashed.
! Congratulations on the Cynopsis marketing awards nomination for the National Geographic Kids app!
Attempting to learn MJ's "Beat It" on me ukelele :3
Some nifty news - Builda the Re-Bicycler for the iPad comes out April 20th (my birthday). And for the 1st 24hrs, it will be FREE.
Have you condsidered what you will need to properly display your brand?
Nice! I'm doing some similar research on the revolution of "connected humanity in project based work environments"
watching a man try to skewer his rat-sized sperm with a shower curtain rod while on a blind date. ...omg, it has teeth!! lmao!
We will either find a way or make one. -Hannibal
#beingaredhead It was like torture being a redhead as a child sometimes, but it has shaped me into a mother who celebrates difference.
Tonight earth night club! 18+ glow stick/lazerparty!
I'm a San Antonio Spurs fan! Win or Loose!!!
That's true! I tell my stylist to cut my hair in a way so it looks better the dirtier it is. Meaning more bed-headier
Thanks for sharing Paul!
When I get old, I never want to be on a Waller, oxygen machine, etc. take care of yourself while output can. Eat right
A pleasure!!!
You lift my feet off the ground, you spin me around. You make me crazier, crazier. <3
": hey baby" hey Shugggggg I miss you much
The gallery is filled with new handmade leather wallets, money clips and handbags, as well as knit scarves, pottery, mugs, and candy dishes.
Anticipating a productive day of leadership development today!
Ah, thank you--exactly the sort of phrase I was hoping to learn! I think we share priorities :)
Mayer Hawthorne in the headphones on a nice ass day.
One Marina Homes in Redwood City is off to a great start! 7 homes sold to date, and we expect our first move-ins at the end of January.
Only 2 more months to the start of the new nba season!!! LA Lakers vs LA Clippers @ 10:30 PM EST
& eating froot loops.
We should never wear them again. No matter how many times you think the Generals just might pull it out they alway lose.
"Life is the art of drawing without an eraser." - John W. Gardner
Dead Dougie would make me sadpanda :( Glad to hear it was a situation easily resolved!
THAT'S A TWEET!! I WANT A TEXT DAMMIT!! Lol IM SPOILED! <U+E40E>
i wish dogs could talk so they could tell us why
A simple product 2 make in our own America..Walking crutches...When did we lose the heart to manfgr a simple product like aluminum crutches?
You know you're a good writer when you start using jokes you wrote for earlier screenplays in newer stuff.
Thanks for following ! We're excited to share news and updates with you!
really? I heard bocciball.
Obama has blamed all of his problems on Bush, Congress and now the Supreme Court. he has no one left but himself to blame now!
" I #needaFIJI. I just mowed the lawn and its the ONLY water I drink!!
When people start singing What Makes You Beautiful at a Nevershoutnever concert... Smh
im bored in class so im just writing random shit :p
We see nearly 2x the activity from our users on Sunday versus Saturday.
highly disappointed when I went to the office fridge to find I forgot my lunch on the counter at home.
He'll have all offseaon to recover if they lose.
positive vibe T's have you seen them? great t's with a POSITIVE msg!
Tired af ready to go to da house n take me a nap <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Love falling asleep to the sound of a washer/dryer
The fuck am I doing on a desktop computer while my new laptop is in a box in the next room?
Filled with manic thoughts that I can finish my rough draft this week. Will I pass the Kerouac test and write it in 3 weeks?
deep breath. deep breath.
If you're not against #redevelopment yet, this fact should sway you.... It's endorsed by many of your local politicians. (Welcome aboard!)
Boy's dog eating my phone = much needed upgrade! No Blackberry for the first time since 2007.
no the trick to staying alive is to be covert and attack only when you have to unless you look like your dead
Totally Agree RT : Perhaps "community" is not group of people but safe space for nurturing dialogue/participation
plan b as in aquire the fire? Be the mission
Don't want to say goodbye to summer, even though it's been a HOT one. Love summer & always miss it. Let's print some t-shirts!!
Another Arab American for #ff! RT : as well!
come to my office 'cuz you have to drive...
thanks for following!!(=
I love you
m nutella. reminds me of when i was in France as a young boy.
Worried about your followers....need to get your dollars up.
Turn on game...10 seconds later Big Baby gets injured. Make it stop.
China has the least amount of media transparency. Finland has the most.
yes?????my Team is out the Playoffs am i now allow to talk about other teams????
Where I Go: Hugh Hefner - Vanity Fair
time to buckle down and get some work done.
And, where did you make the comment about 3 days of LesaCon? Cracks me up.
Standard features include heated and cooled leather seats, genuine wood trim, and a 14 speaker (!) 600 watt sound system
no the one in our study hall and that's a necktie he hates me hHa
AWESOME! RT Exactly. RT : Social shouldn't be its own channel, it should be supporting every other channel.
salad is delicious! thanks again roomie : )
Saturday - 1/29/2011 - Saturday Night Live w/ DJ CUT & BIG WORM
It feels like June outside! We're super busy fixing a lot of broken air conditioners today.
i love when people randomly stop talking to me.
Eli is hitting his prime run right now, I say get him a sick No.1 WR, aka Calvin Johnson type, to line up with Nicks and Cruz. Add TE, done!
These annoying girls tweet me every 5 seconds.
WHO LEFT SNICKERS IN MY OFFICE!!??
#HowToMakeItInAmerica ... Be Sexy and people will take pictures of you and ask you to wear clothes and walk around on a stage.
Wait a minute, Anna Amelia Pratt? Wonder if Laurie Pratt (the reclusive editor) is related? Hmm
yeah and then you die
Feels like a Moe's Thursday
where you at in jersey?
OMG!!! How long r u gone to France for?!? I miss you!!!
I just had the urge to run and start doing back handsprings in Lambeth courtyard. Eh, but I won't.
me too! But also a realist ... #
The only way I can explain it is I have a handful of Twitter followers there. But I have never been there or written about it.
I feel like I'm in SE7EN. It rained every day of the week for the entire movie. Now all we need is a psycho going around murdering people!
#ReplaceNickiSongsWithMoth I wish that I could have this moth for life
Please do not run for reelection. There's a plot in the ether to do you harm.
DAMN YOU raspberry jam, with your tireless, evasive, torturous seeds!
Lebron James and Jay Z&#39;s Controversial Handshake
Craig Sager, you continue to out do yourself
You a waste of the space that you take up living.
Just tweeted that. Nice work.
on to the next one ;)
Cool mission statement: Wheaton College exists to help build the church and improve society worldwide.
We need to do a better job of onboarding new board members
thanks, sunshine! Hope it goes smoothly.
Boff, Marry, Kill? Your 5th grade teacher, Mr Rogers. and all the dudes in Your Favorite Hero collectively... go!
God gave you the power... NOW USE IT!! It's time!!!
I'm in class lol but I can stay & chill after my 11 o clock class
This is weird
Oops no. No beard no love
lol we sure did.
Okay. Do not text or message me first if you're not going to reply.
Heading to #refreshaustin tonight for the first time in a while. Hoping to make it to more meetups this year!
Another parking ticket! Hooray!
Hmm. Probably can't sweet talk my way past that.
Great! We're in the center of room (wearing plaid skirt). Catch up at next break?
ok monday sounds good :-)
Meeting with Christian business folks sharing leads and referrals as well as how to do our business better.
Question of the Day: What is the best DIVE BAR in MKE and Why? ......GO!
Is there any availability on you 4:45 flight from midway to Atlanta?
Saints and Giants.
what did you do?
I've been to homestead before, nbd :}
My recording of "There never will be another you" aired on 89.3 FM WPFW. Aloha Washington DC!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet All ICONicaz all around the World :]
Smile, happy looks good on you. (:
YESTERDAY is History, TOMORROW is a Mystery and TODAY is a Gift so we call it the PRESENT!
Yeah, and he brought it up during the interview last night...when we were talking about Twitter etc.
Instead of "running errands" I just walked them, and it was way more pleasant and neighborhood-y. Avoiding the auto as much as possible...
hey somebody get charles barkley a 76ers jersey and showem how its done!!
YES HE DOES
!quitePssibly but Perhaps($input){}
I'm jelouse of all these girls with good relationships with good people. Cause its just not happening for me.
I still enjoy the first half of Batman 89. The second half is garbage. Keaton rocks, though.
Thou shall not smoke up my kush cuz you smoking brown bomber
texting my sista we bored!
Well my day jus got fucked up quick ass hell
I had 48 things on my blog about the notes I got on my Alan/Trotta videos and I got no followers hahahaha.
but I miss your face! I am on vaca next week but we need lunch very soon after that.
Girls following me from harpo...
I was too cheap to buy that Nails record on $/minute grounds. Isn't that awful? But I'm poking at that Spotify business. Hm.
Husband leaves in 14 days. Not the ideal situation but at least I'll be busy.
can't message you back but I'm working on it. Would love to help you
I either find myself thinking way too much or not at all ... :)
thanks for your RT support of our new FB page!
Ah, fermenting cider, gladdening the hearts of all who experience it! In a few days time, our first batch will be complete. Stay tuned!
Slate reporting that Miley Cyrus "smokes way too much weed" is the best news I've heard all month.
RT : The bank of love is never bankrupt. ~ Steve Maraboli
Sprinting toward the finish line
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
There is a wild beach ball game going on in the theater.
Thanks for the Retweet! And thanks again for the King Award - we are so pumped!
I'm superman, my bitches super fly ( ;
I came from nothing.
Last weekend of Medea.... then finals....GREAT!
power house sold out! thank god i got my tickets already.(:
I fell asleep and have no idea what I read. I love e-books though. Got Kent a Sony E-Reader last x-mas. Now I have a mini one too. sorta
follow back! :)
Finna get in the shower until Lakers game come on....
Gonna be a nice weekend
follow me please? :) you are so Pretty<3
travel safe my friend.
The wind is blowing, the music is pumping, head to the Cow for a mooracious Sunday afternoon! Giddy UP!
good one. it was nothing directed towards you although I thought about you
I don't think it's a formal written language, but it doesn't matter. Universal level of illiteracy over there. Culture&Religion.
cant wait til tomorrow
concert in February looked so sick! Man, should've went!
I could very well be the only guy on the earth who could care less about the NBA playoffs.
You know, I would get on more but it's just not like it used to be. Nobody talks to me anymore but you and It's just changed
thank you
message me your email address and Ill sing to you Send you MP3s
I posted a very rough draft of the video game award doc into Google. I'm open to any and all feedback.
Ginna please don't love me
Watching Monsters Inc. <3
These people are not of this earth.
May the Fourth be With You!
no brow, we are go tomorrow in the morning !
sure would love the 30 buck card so i can get alot of the original fish tacos today
Getting ready to face the hockey masses coming in for #NYRNJD, Game 2 at !
"Webinar." One of the least attractive words in the English language. I'm going to lengthen it to "online seminar." Ah...much better.
Moving on ... & nevr looking back !
congrats dad!
. VA needs conservative leadership to move forward. Help us take back the State Senate with your vote this
Miami, FL- need females for B.E.T. model search campaign. No nudity. Pay is (tba) (Casting Code B3)
lmao. go to bed!
Love the movie! Def a favorite!
Workin on some new bling and some bag designs too! Maybe ready at the shop tomorrow
#hoodcerealnames Coca Puffs
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
broken links
No lie, thats one of the cleanest Publix' ive ever seen! Baldwin Park is like a city of its own.. It sure aint Orlando
B-A-H LIVE tonight...10p...Maison on Frenchmen!
this week is going to be long. :(
Okay...maybe not. ;) Best of luck in your new adventure.
That's great. I'm happy for u. Hope u make a lot of tips too.;)
SUN @ THE SMILING MOOSE = OPEN @ 2pm, $5 YUENGLING PITCHERS During THE BUCS GAME, $3 JEREMIAH SWEET TEA VODKA Drinks ALL DAY! KITCHEN OPEN!
I read on Kobo, Nook Color and Sony Wifi. The last two are best for PDFs I found.
Thank you :)
Hey you! Bloodys and Beignets this Saturday or next 830a?
OMFG! ive Heard about u b4 your so annoying! u just remind of like a donkey
Text me
One of the best I've ever gone too. Probably the last time we'll see Flynn as starter in the green & gold.
FOLLOWING SPREE AUSTIN :D <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
I'm sorry im not the most beautiful the most popular,the smartest,but that's who I am and if u really<3me you'll stay
Eve Ensler speaking about 's generosity & spirit of sisterhood. Beautiful example of leadership and friendship.
Sure, but this whole discussion is about the Federal govt being functional or not. R's often want it to be not.
#Goodnight Twitter!!
School is tomorrow i cant sleep...imma be late maybe....dont wanna go to school ugh ah
. Thanks. Looking forward to your posts and I'll keep you in mind!
3k followers! :D #Swag! thanks so much everyone! :D
PTO request sent for July!
Only in Miami do people continue to block the intersection.
": oop I see that is was not delivered imma come tomorrow" so are moving your day to Thursdays now?
love the good feeback! We are happy when you are happy. Come see us sooner than later!!
Now she says "that guy has tiny little nipples."
RT : You know you really disenjoyed a book when, days after finishing it, you wake up glad you don't have to read it any more.
Tiny and ti, just might be the next great addictive trashpiece of a reality show
I'll send you my faves when I get home
why didn't you send one...?
Sometimes, saying "I love you" first, gives the other person more power. Lesson learned.
she's a wild flower apparently.
It's Tuesday and that means kids eat free! Come grab a Burrito or 5!
created the perfect morning vibe. Everyone is dancing n jumpin to his music. This place is where its at! Where u?!
omg you are perfect.
what model?
Are you a #meetingplanner planning to bring a group to #Indianapolis? Contact us for expert advice on all things Indy.
Good now you can be one of many !
Yeah, one witty tweet a day is about all I can muster
OMG! RT : St Martin's signs new book: Never Fall In Love At the Jersey Shore by Jwoww & Ronnie bit.ly/92Kg9z
RT : Warner should NOT be ranked #1. Gruden should have been.
sure I'll check it out
ED ROBINSON ALBUM - The New York Top 20 Reggae Album/Cd's Chart "WRITTEN IN STONE" is
Lot of stuff to do and not a lot of time to do it in. Allons-y!
Goin to the animal shelter with
"Symphony of a Thousand" Mahler 8 @ the Shrine Sat was sublime. Now that's some harmony! Congrats
You mild or you wild
Well, I jumped up, turned around, spit in the air, fell on the ground and asked him which was the way back home.....
about to head to first class meeting for grad seminar on Hawthorne and Melville. Requiring tweeting this semester.
What’s your favorite Christmas special or movie of all time?
At a #DSLR class. First comment from instructor, "you don't take pictures, you make pictures".
awww how sweet!! I love you :)
It was My So Called Life (rye ro ralled rife)... & I just realized I meant 90's reference. Sigh, nonsense drinking games.
I'm bout it today lol
What about the Jackets? Any love for the #CBJ ?
hey thanks for the follow! "like" us on facebook! p.s love the quote
R u claiming he lies when he says his Faith was his real inspiration in his professional career ?
Inside every person there are giftings and treasures which need to be discovered, developed and deployed in order for a person to...
Delight yourself in the LORD and he will give you the desires of your heart.
RT : who y'all play against? -- marines, navy, air force then it's a pro am tourney in Vegas
going on a limb here. Feel like Cole could b next Scherzer. All the stuff. Doesnt know how to use it. .277 BAA worrisome
That wonderful moment when it make u up artist said "you have flawless skin" hehe
What is your motivation right now?
Robert Griffin The Third told the Colts "No" to a workout, hahah.
and I'm still bumping that till I die
I keep on forgetting I have a cheap condo with my name on it in Florida through work. Who wants to go?
wish I was there! Sounds super interesting.
O Butler bout to take this shitttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
yeah but that's pretty inappropriate. I've fired someone before for similar comments. Shows bad judgement.
Since my dad is the worst husband ever, I need to play double the "good-daughter" role for my mom today.
Captain America is amaZingness packed into one person
Loved the Block Printer. Humans are ExtraOrdinary, all over the world. Thanks for walkin' in encounters with amazing ppl.
haha I'm not even sure what your talking about. I'm not sure what context your using options in.
Kickin butt and taking names in Econ!!!
& the nigga came runnin back like i said.
glad you came?
We have a tough data instructor, -- "Don't let the pivot table muscle you. U muscle the pivot table."
you know what that is just not acceptable. we can no longer be friends....oh wait we never were
NOT FOR EVERYBODY
You know, I wanted to see Avengers mostly because I hoped to see the new #TDKR trailer, which I already have. I'll still go. Lol
From the Dell Social Command Center: 695 #DellCAP mentions so far in 24 hours.
good on everything <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I am having a real issue with an ever-expanding currently-reading shelf on
thank you my friend ^_^ God bless you too!
birthday boy today lol :) i feel old lol but thanks everybody for a happy birthday :)
yea they are really talented! I need to listen to more of them :)
i will hold out for shotguns. i don't do the bow thing. good luck!!!
Have a wonderful weekend all!!!
Who is participating in the San Diego Race for #Autism this weekend?
I've never used an entire eraser, they always get lost.
happy st. paddys day friends deals on green ipods
Thanks James Xee you there 7pm PST RT : Looking forward to talking . with guest . tomorrow
Any other Portland folks I know hitting the Black Dice show tonight?
Loling at the fact that my dad is actually getting mad over the fact that some people like #brusters over #handels <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A7>
#sca2012 Now the NARA Wikipedian. Would like to see more cultural institutions involved.
Everyone in the contest! If you are on Tweet Limit just wait 2 hours then try tweeting again! you have until 11pm so keep going!
Lived there for 5 years, went to college there.
Hey Charlotte! Join us tonight at the Chop Shop @ 6 for VH1 Save the Music benefit show. Great music, great cause. Come hang and support!!
C U 12/3 at for the annual vs gamewatch w/ alumni! Tip-off is 4:30PM ET. Go #Badgers!
where did you put it
I just dropped a fork on my big toe :( that's some serious pain.
Timbers' Gavin Wilkinson: our goalkeeping situation is as healthy as anyone in MLS. The full interview at 11pm on Oregon Sports Final.
my front bumper went from black to admiral red!
good luck on ur game bruh don't :D LOOLOL
see you Mon. With your arms in the air!
where did u guys get such a great deal?
Of Course We Enjoyed It.. But Knowing What Happens Next Week Is Sad... I Know Someone WHo Went Through Exactly That...
RT : Looking forward to guesting on #rteld tonight << can you autograph my TV ?
first come first served, especially since he wontlook at this for 2 more hours
i love and <3
watchout soccer moms! I have sharp elbows!
haha okay what ever you say! Believe what you want you mean absolutely nothing to me. Your probably just some stupid bitch.
looking for a Digital Producer - NYC
Yeah that don't count
No man is worth his salt who is not ready at al times to risk his well-being, to risk his body, to risk his life, in a great cause.
RT : I wish you insight...so you can see for yourself.
I'm good you?
Any concerns about giving away too much for free? I fight that concern all the time. :)
There needs to be an approval process before people have kids. Some ppl should FLAT OUT not be allowed to be even near kids smgdh.
it's another dog-dangling afternoon
God, I sure hope so....
archivists & librarians: do you try to be active in multiple professional organizations or focus on one?
Ya'll can agree Sightglass Coffee is the spot. It's an essential visit.
#FIXVOTING ROFLOL. Many constitution loving conservatives don't know constitution & bill of rights. Don't know how bill becomes law. Sigh!
I am pissed! We r .not and now down 1 away.
as I've said before James, your daughter is very talented and certainly all grown up. Congrats!
everytime you say that I crack up hahah. He needs a fumanchu lol
so i just found out i WORK on my birthday !!!!!!!!!!-______________- its 10-7 doe so its not that bad:) but still...
Trust me... I know! lol
Is there some kind of Fox News logo for this apparent LIBRARY EBOOK WAR that we are involved in?
now I just need to figure out how to get all the cool Zimlets installed.
Packing for the and I's Honeymoon-Part II to Israel!
Being efficient as fuck with time>
love this one!! Thank you for sharing!!
thanks for the note!
Went to the beach today.
After loading software all day on new computers I think the ic5 processor is quicker than the AMD Quad-Core (all else equal)
Those cupcakes didn't taste like chicken at all! Another successful day in the kitchen.
Is social viewing the next big thing? I don't think I can chat and watch #Lost at the same time. Some people can, but not me.
Take a fist to the dome!
Spring has sprung! Book your company picnic & golf at McMenamins Sand Trap or Edgefield or a picnic & disc golf at Grand Lodge. Hop to it!
"The human mind treats a new idea the same way the body treats a strange protein; it rejects it." --Peter Medawar, <<WOW, scary thought>>
Ill hit you in here in the am... Orphanz™
For us it's too late
Today will feature a segment about the artificial pancreas and a -funded trial involving Elle Shaheen. We will be...
Nothing like waking up with a cramp to start off your Saturday.
Only live 2 hours from #OSH11, but not able to go this year. Love seeing some of the warbirds and other a/c enroute flying over my house!
If you're on "Mr. Lett" we'll be watchin! go sazizzle!
Thank you to everyone who came out & supported! Thank you & for your time.
If you think talking shit about me is fun, just remember we're all insecure...
check and done! big thanks!
Many thanks, Jan :-) Hope all is well.
So... I went to my room and listened to Mudhoney and broke my stuff. No one understood me.
Brandon Weeden sneaky good #Browns pick. He will compete with Colt McCoy right away and can easily steal quarterback job
OK. Much to do today if I want to try & see #Avengers today. Have a great day, everyone!
Pg schools closed. Woo hoo snow day!
Wat u mean we no GIRLS ALLOWED
You did get the info Blog Beak was cancelled because Ashley is very ill? So sorry. Will reschedule.
when i switch lanes
what is his favorite song?!?!
Thank you everyone for all your well wishes, support and congratulations. We are so thankful to have such amazing fans, friends and family.
Anybody feel like a brownie bite midnight snack? Sweet dreams.
Anybody know a good way to get free/damaged books? I know a kid who wants to build a book fort.
NCAA title game so boring it reminded me why I hardly ever watch sports anymore, ever since I stopped betting on games. I used to be a nut.
Desktop users more likely to go straight to #pubmedia homepages (vs mobile users).
Okay....there are so many open seats..so many...why are you sitting next to ME????!!!!!
just been in grind mode player... Me you and gotta get up this week and do somethin
if I'm out of work on time!
My eye hurts D:
Woke up around 1:06am.Had a dream I was fighting 3 Sabre Toothed Tigers in the snow&Can't fall back asleep again&Still can't find a jobWTF!!
you were ICONicly AMAZING in the videoo! i think you should be in Boyfriend by music video! RT if you agree
Woke up hot AF<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5> with #oomf on my mind as usual! I love you My Queen!!<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Do you support the bipartisan effort to repeal the #SGR as a long-term medicare fix?
PS you may have needed to be an adult during 80s/90s satanic panic to really get backstory. Tons of info out there if interested.
checked all your sites. Ready when you are. ;)
for the 2nd time this weekend, I was asked "who's your favorite superhero?" Kids. Everyone knows I don't play favorites.
Answered a lot of questions today. But the best by far was: Who's scarier? Skeletor or The Hamburglar?
We could really use a dominant Gallardo for the #Brewers tonight.
But there are times you need the courage to take a great leap;you cannot cross a chasm in two small jumps
Nope. No bells ringin.
2 FT positions available at Team Maestro: Jr. Designer and Instructional Designer - contact us @
sure:D
Touche. RT : In the age of emoticons and hip-hop, we old-school grammar nerds have to stick together.
. . . Flirts with me to keep the relationship fresh . . .
loved the season premiere. So glad to have you back on my Monday nights. XOXO
You cant be that girl on television ladies, try being yourself, any guy who disses your natural form is an asshole who dont deserve you
if he do I'm not gonna fall for him again twice was good enough for me he broken me in two in it's hard to move on from that
dude I'm nearly done with prototype. I fucking hate this game.
I was going to ask if Faried has been the best rookie in the playoffs before that turnover.
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 5
Pretty good game. Good photo too. Also, want to feel old? Sit in the student section!
i'm In mad mood & tired of explainin' my reasons why I don't do things, I am me and ppl are just going to have to deal with it
we spend so much time together that being apart for a day feels like decades.
Whenever a window steams up, I have to draw a smiley face.
I just got pens from - Blue, with logo and delivered to I'm as happy as can be!!!
ProTip: Don't leave a Windows 95-era recovery CD in your CD drive.
RT : 2012 National Drug Control Strategy Emphasizes Prevention, Treatment, Diversion (& we get some props too!)...
Marlin's jersey!
yes it's all my fucking fault
We’ve got all the shine, we need to find
LEGO has commissioned me to make a second stop motion video for them. Looking forward to it.
This is the First Great Weekend of the Year. Enjoy everyone. An to the Ladies "Happy Mother's Day!" Have Fun...
#ipad2 my opinion of #bestbuy just went though the roof--salesman let me access their wifi. Hallelujah
New phone holla!! And erm text me yah numbers :)
Watching The 54th Annual Grammy Awards with Viggle Sun | 8PM | CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Happy new year everyone!!!!!
I don't think so. But it shows up under my recent purchases.
I would think Jason Moran because he does some of that too, like on his version of Crepuscule with Nellie.
lol get it together
So cool! #nerdwin RT : that's on the set of You are in an open field. You're welcome.
If u know that it would hurt someones feeling then hell dnt do it or leave that person alone
spend work time finding resources, tools that make your institutions evolve
Happy Presidents Day Obama! Um, I really don't know how to ask this but here goes. Can I see your papers Sir before the we start the party.
nice n' tight
Happy #May Day!
yeaa... i dont have any money for that
I hate shopping for skates on line. I need to physically put them on in order to feel sure. Except from Dick's Sporting Goods.
Following Spree , Soon
Absolutely move on 2 the nxt phase. Don't linger on the mistake. Waste of time
I figured out that i learn more when i watch the history channel and national geographic then i do in class lol
well at least it has a smaller percentage of brutalist/sixties block campuses than Europe! Gotta admit that. :)
#OTRC #bradpitt can you b more gorgeous ! And I love his performance in moneyball
come on in! You always have friends here! No sleeping on the bar tho :)
Lol i know... i'm on my own page.. I get my beer and you can to.... twit is getting rids.
User:BourMaximilian1810 - My wiki
Yes. The builder. Any tools in mind that might work (with a little help in outreach + design) 4 a more general crowd?
TWEETERING NOW FROM GOOGLE DRIVE AS SOON AS GOOGLE DRIVE LETS ME USE GOOGLE DRIVE
No problem! It sounds like a great event.
i know i am!:P haha
I want to say a couple words to .. In truly proud of Austin with his two single there awesome and I'm in love wit them!!
whoa , so observant. Name is for a black racist named theron cal on twitter Picture is my new beard. Like?
I think this is something like the square vs rectangle debate, but that digitized items *should* be classified/treated differently.
now following the most swagged out guy in sports biz!!!
it's like we're connected through beer!
The oddest partnership: Spiderman and OPI nail polish.
Congratulations on your new library card! ENJOY!!
Prepping for Enterprise Connect Orlando (VoiceCon to the old school) next week
what tools are you using?
Check out singing his heart out for you tonight at the Gatsby. $2 Shiner Beers and $3 Y Vodka all night. (via )
Welcome to the BridgeTEFL TweetChat, a forum for all your #TeachAbroad questions and comments!
Serious caffeine consumption&no sleep can make you a colorful but discombobulated communicator. I wil leave it there.
tommy smith <3
I need someone to work with in the weight room during the summer R/T if you wanna work with me.
oh okay, if u need any research done while u deal with that let me know.
Come to Studio City DG today until 7pm to donate at our blood drive! All donors receive $10 promo cards, treats, & chances to win prizes!
Good morning
See ya next year Kansas City! Playoff hopes still alive baby!
you're going to love it. I might go see it a second time so good!
why/how is technology or institutions made absent?
Awww... Kudos for trying b/c I'd be tgoo scared myself.
#Jeter quest to 3k hits is exciting but #MarianoRivera's quest for the save record is WAY cooler!
always remember:believe in ur faith. believe in ur goals. believe in ur love. believe in ur family. believe in ur ...
Head to where they have 25 Cent Keystone Taps and 1.50 PBRs tonight! 807 S 5th St
im a uk fan. I do think the game could be close but uk will win and it's because ul doesn't have anyone who can match up MKG.
:) How's that Mayorship feeling? Getting awfully nervous I bet. I think i'm coming into the office on Friday just to take it
RT RARE CHANDELIERS
Star Wars theme - bagpipe version. Catchy tune here at R2i.
cherry limeade.
can't wait!! And we will be hosting a pasta dinner for all of our runners the Friday of the Marathon. Details to come!
Shut the fuck up. You're an idiot. Nobody thinks you're funny but 12 year old girls. Die.
how's school
awesome! Tell your friends!
damn that's so true dude. if maxx was talking more i think it'd be a bit better
Last night was great, one more tonight in Toronto at the Rex!
U know who RT : who “: oomf had me lmao at u,”
MT : Q4. Cultivate a culture where ppl know what's important, don't freak out over little things, and actually LEAVE WORK
Dude, the freaking video didn't save...
Dont criticize other people when you yourself have faults and weaknesses.
feel kind of stalker right now. I want to reply every twitter of my following one's. Am I nuts? OMG
Summer needs to speed up. I'm getting anxious.
Frank Ocean is making love to my ears right now. yes!
Congrats to for being ranked as the #1 most influential person in the world in the corporate #eLearning sector!
RT : We will be pouring wines Sat before #MothersDay #May12 in #NWPortland! Mark your calendar!
Put Halloween mummy in front of VOTE OBAMA lawn sign to scare lame thieves away. Everyone is stealing OBAMA signs, but can't steal HOPE.
Lupia: When people learn, the brain changes at the neural level. Patterns of association = brain cells grow new memories
I'm enjoying this episode of 106n park this the tribute 2 a singer I have ever seen
I'm changing my major to Justin Bieber studies
i live in LA i think i seen chloe in a car before
Takes South By Storm, This is A Calling, Emerson Grey, Avindale, and Tides of Ruin @ Bethel Church, 6301 Alabama, 5:00, Friday Oct 15, $5!
They were Iraq buzzwords first. RT "Fragile and reversible" - the buzzwords on Afghan progress - surface again
Being in the car with someone who you know is mad at you <
WHOEVER TOOK MY MALIBU FUCK YOU
I am rooting for Daddy Nose Best. Can't resist a good pun!
If the studios want to convince me that 3D is worth it then don't give me dirty glasses
dear gawd I hope not.
99% of the time the actor lets the director know their not right 4 the role between the time they enter room n the time they start speaking
I cant wait for SUMMER! <3 how about you girls?? :]]*
Leaking roofs are going to give me nightmares. In the library of all places. Ugh.
Agreed- Can't wait for some baseball!
I'd tell you I love you but I'm afraid of what you'll say..
I dare say I must disagree! :)
not even a joke that's true i'm so happy
I wanted to RT this but your account is private. Nuts to that.
#AGirlDeserves to marry Harry
Jam has started the game similar to game 1's start.. playing great at both ends of the floor.. Jam lead 17-7 with 5:48 left in Q1
Welcome aboard!
i just did a jstor search for the same phrase and got results through summer 2011
Ah-mazing. Thank YOU!
nada bored as hell
dear ny weather, please get nicer so my hair stops looking like a
Where did he say this?
Penny Pingleton was robbed!
Is everyone ready to get their Don Draper on?
Thank you for the write-up. We appreciate it.
Great, thanks I will check your page out!
Happy mother's day to all the dearest mothers out there! Love to you all :*
I second this nomination.
hey Tyler, how was your day? (:
There may be other real mistakes in Redshift, but that one was deliberate.
I'm a strong left-leaning person growing up and living in one of the most conservative areas in the US.
heck yes see you there!“: so stoked for headlining the house of blues tomorrow night! IT'S GONNA BE THE BOMB SHIT”
probably, i went to look it up and i was severely disapointed that i could not locate it. i saw the dragonsmilk...
#ShoutOutToo she has in her bio so that means she's dope cause I like kid ink too. Everyone follow her!^_^
every Sunday home game Chi Sox will wear them
I have been very quiet lately. I apologize to my many loyal followers who are on the edge of their seat waiting my thoughts.
Out in the mindless void the daemon bore me... Till neither time nor matter stretched before me, But only Chaos, without form or place.
girls are legitt so pathetic i cann't
": I think #oomf stole my leftover chilli's"<<< you look like leftover chilli
After six years, I have finally closed my account with B of A. Don't I get a celebratory beer for this, or something?
Top-rated quarterback, Gunner Kiel of Columbus (Ind.) East High, did a last-minute flip and shunned LSU to enroll at #NotreDame . Go Irish
Nope, I had UTD stuff pop up... curious though.
Its been a while but very happy to be at this #smw special edition of BigScreen LittleScreen some diverse web shows being presented
Thanks for the RT Jorge.Hope to see you at open gym. We're expecting some of the high school boys this week & they are awesome!
Got tanned
I need some new glasses
Affordable, Central, office solutions...
You have to order it for him!! Not only does it look great, it tastes great too! :)
All this fast food and pop isn't going to help you...
CAMEX 2010 was great! for more information about the AnaJet SPRINT contact me.
It'd be cool if I could just fast forward to my birthday
That would be John Thompson Jr, Mr. Recruiting Expert.
Ah, I can see clearly now. Glad you like the pic but I did a horrible job getting the green out! Cheers hermano!
I can wear my 7 year olds shoes.
thanks for the follow
we all effect our surroundings in different ways. if it pleases you, try to be cognizant of how you change your environment.
.....not paying attention in class, reading these letters, wondering who she'll be in love with someday,......
Promise. I'll never "pull up a chair and watch Fraiser". Rather get a line n a pole and go down that crawdad hole.
having a great time with thank you for being such a positive force
No, but then again, I don't have Barack Obama in my phone book. Now you're just showing off.
over all your message of peace is great I just want to further open my mind. i feel the block
your followed =)
yes of course :) i was talking to shane a bit yesterday, so glad you guys tlk to fans
Checking out vintage cars on s. Congress.
Head to right now for the last chance to see I Am Crime: Art on the Edge of Law! Closes @ 9pm.
If anyone knows anyone who needs a roommate in the los Angeles area, let me know!
i wanna.. oh i wanna go swimming
For my cycling friends: been out of commission due to knee. Now out of commission due to motivation. Should be back our on road soon.
Good morning.. :)
Like www.facebook.com/zakdowntown RT!
Keep up the great martial arts work! Join us in Atlanta for a great vacation June 17-18. www.battleofatlanta.info Joe Corle
adding an apple and a needle to da list
What! Where? Details!!
What a bookselling day! Who knew that Easter was an opportunity to buy *TONS* of books? That would be Lehmanns, in Berlin.
I mean really some people get worked up over the smallest things and it ends up turning into a big deal! Stop complaining and start doing
Yeah, it's been a long day for me too! So much work today. After school activities...staff meeting...it took quite a toll.
Where in the Ukraine to where in Moldova? Would you be crossing Transnistria?
reviews state "Square will hold monies above $1,000 for 30+ days." Can you clarify please? Looked on NEWS on website, no info.
Ask Bruce to get it for the library. Clearly a vital resource.
Alright, let's do this. How is everyone celebrating #MKEDAY tonight? We want to know, so hashtag it!
Hi Ed , feel free to connect w/ happy customers and
I thought you was asking for a name for your instagram
omg..cnt believe it has been 8 years since i was in MR DALEYS class, watching the news seeing the planes crash in2 the world t.c TiME FliEs!
I'm on a roll this morning! Rise and shine everyone!
Not feeling quite as pushed as you like in your workouts? Try a cross-fit workout and see how you feel!
Just got back from Atlanta for the #DoveAwards God opened so many doors for my music, saw so many answered prayers, thank you Jesus!
why don't you have school tomorrow
#TeamLesbian Follow Me !!
oh well hun im sure youll be fine.
Though I hate Westboro Baptist Church, Not sure how I feel about this. RT Bill: no protests at military funerals bit.ly/okSYBb
Sherwood or Torres? EntertoWin trip for 2 to #GlenHelen for Motocross & find out! FOLLOW to enter!
dude i know like my lil sis hits me right ? so i hit her back and then i get yelled at and im like wtf she hit me 1st
This dude called kobe the grey haired mamba. Lmao
Thats how you do it! Nice testimonial.
Well. We all know that's a lie, anyway.
Ha. Hoping to making it on Tosh.O. Then offer an instinct.
This has been an awesome week... I'm so grateful!!!
#pw2012 Credit builders Alliance suggests that we should think of credit cards as no interest loans that we pay off monthly
I feel boundless.
Funny you should ask, right now I'm eating Big Mario's ALONE <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>.
1pm and the lines at Salumi is still about 1/2 a block long...
haha yep. pretty much
wh was your last kiss?
Because I don't believe in "promotion." I believe in reaching out to communities of stakeholders.
Fair last night was fucking crazy.Like 3 people got jumped,a few got tazered &like 2 got knocked out.Thts wat u get when u live in Michigan.
Band practice has been put on hold, so it seems.
I can't talk my mom told me to go to sleep :(
OMG! Thank you Madonna for performing for my birthday!!!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts ANDROID TABLET PC REVIEW: Kindle Fire, Full Color 7" Multi-touch Display,
I love you, is that okay? - Natasha Bedingfield ( I heart that song)
As a new New Yorker, I assume you were rooting for the #Rangers. You have a lot more hockey ahead of you.
I feel ya homie I feel ya!
Good Morning..... Happy hUMp day
Beans, cheese, and rice are all that's needed on a burrito. Why over complicate things?
Laundry is a pain when u have to leave to different room to do it.
Its so fuckin NICE outside!!
#ThatAkwardMoment when you realize Awkward was spelled wrong before
I hate you yet love you?
I forgot about daddy's little girls but I LOVED that one as well...did you like Love Jones?
Sadened to see the Ultra Right Wing conservative gestapo-like Tea Party target a true moderate and uniting senator like Lugar &drive him out
Who wants to make out?
This lady at my job with her husband keeps looking back at me lol Smh
Need high quality custom tshirts at a great price? Call us 1-800-724-0577 or email .
I know, I'm going to hell for that one. lol
Oh, I liked it, I'm just pretty sure I have mild traumatic brain injury from it. When's the last time for you?
ya but what the hell peps should not drive drunk any how
Followed #tedxman in the same manner--even had #socent live-tweeting from New Zealand
This month's issue of is challenging & strengthening me spiritually.... Every article is removing scales from my eyes.
Boomers Add Pitching Coach and Athletic Trainer
can u follow me back..!!!
Yes! As long as I can keep the 'sleep' out of my eyes. ;-) RT : morning! Are you loving the change of shift...
RT : Smitty works it of it, getting Aj to pop out with bases loaded.
#ff Inspiring women edition! authors of #YouHaveNoIdea & author of
Google dumps publisher payment platform
If I lie here, if I just lie here, would you lie with me and just forget the world
Just arrived at our hotel in Notre Dame!!!
happy birthday! :)
. . . or maybe not. Perhaps you really aren't too bright. You seem to project a lot of anger. Ease up.
always such close quarters. And DC people always fill up the Balmore bus.
following the election results, realizing that there ain't shit gettin done the next two years. and fuck the tea party.
Thankfully, chewing dulling the hearing.
Love it. Saw on a pic today "Let's face it, after Monday and Tuesday, even the calendar says - W. T. F"
i'll make sure i'll make it happen
#IdFangirlIfJustin told me to suck on jerry ;D.
that was a fail lol
Glad to hear you guys are as excited as we are!
Omg! That was intense. My heart was racing!
It is easy prey / I meet interns tomorrow / Wounds from words cut deep. ^sw ~Steven Wold, Jigsaw creative director/partner
On my way to THE event of the year! So happy to be a part of it professionally and can't wait to see everyone!
No he doesnt....he is just coping those words from others tweet...thats why his tweet r so small..
What lessons can and learn from #UMC #gc2012 as we get closer to General Convention?
How the hell is a primatologist/animal behaviorist gonna tell you he doesn't believe in evolution LOL :-)
If you're ALLEGED more than twice, you're a wife beater
gaaaaaah, Justin is in trouble. I take it none of this info has leaked. #thisshitcray!
I am in tasking mode...
thanks so much and I'll let her know you send your regards.
Wikipedia's category system is generated from category tags at the bottom of articles and other pages
Haraway's "infidel heteroglossia" triumphs over late-semester late-capitalist lassitude.
your car is sitting p1 right now!!!
RT : Reviewing online accommodations forms for Which means, of course, that participants should expect emails soon
How does he reach you?
My grades are improving. Working out has been amazing. And I got to speak to Devon Haas from She's so amazing!
“ There's healing in the name.... JESUS.....”Amen....Amen..Amen..
never man lmao. once you learn an instrument its like riding a bike. you never forget.
i fucking swear!!
Breakfast Burrito and a Blood Mary for 10 bucks. Bacon Breakfast Burrito and Bacon Bloody Marys tomorrow for Fathers Day!!!
I hate sweet potato , but I fucks with the cheescake
It's funny how ppl u jus meet within the last year or two become more loyal and a better friends then the ones u grown up with..
How about clearing a room SWAT-style? I already have that...
Great learning session here in Tampa on
Peaceful week over. On our way 2 get kids from camp. Now considering boarding school.
My hearts pounding in my chest
WoW, shot past 2,000 Tweets and didn't even realize it! :D
Wait for NO ONE!
you just walked by me in the movie theatre a few minutes ago....
Damn I been so busy with school and finals. I been missing my #TeamKhleo and !!! How is everybody???
How me & my bestfriend are not that close anymore :c <<<
Wooooah. What happened?
Missed and #scriptchat . . . damn! I was hung up with an argumentative writer--I want that hour of my life back!!
Health Tips: Lower your anti-nutrition intake and bin the sin sugar!
There is no time for ease & comfort. Now is the time to dare & endure if you want to succeed.
Take a vacation to Hawaii! New Don Ho inspired Custom and Micro Beds are up now, and available only on #productionvault!
Nice hold Willis!
You can put your snowmakers away now. =)
Oh, you know, To keep your Hopes Held High, And your Heads Down Low <U+2665>
It was good to see you yesterday!
Love Peyton Manning and his approach. Any chance he will ever run for office ??
doesn't it suck to have the tail hitting you in the face the whole time?
Avoid drill overheating when drilling a hole in concrete - remove the drill bit every few seconds!
Ah, so nice! Stay tuned for the answer... :)
Circing ipads? Plan for: settings & restrictions, wiping for privacy, staff training, liability, replacement & repair plans.
is on the boards 2nite at with some of the best vocalist i have heard, im eager to see what this will sound like
Spending the weekend on set shooting "Road Back From Vengeance".
Sorry red cross i am not giving you my blood because people are dying and its not my fault. I hope i hurt your feelings.
Thanks Luke! It's my tentative (or not so tentative) foray into blogging outside of a class.
I want an all white grand piano!
Behind? Now you're talking! (You just found my third personality, BTW.)
“: My sister asked how many unread books I have on my shelves. Uh...I just counted 122 on 3 shelves..." so there wit ya!
Whole Foods
i dont even remember 9os tv tbh... but i remember disney. its full of shit now
my .02c WRA esp. important to small biz not in mdsn or mke who don't have access to resources like we have in bigger markets.
next years mvp! My vote for most heart.
Follow back :)
'Have you got pet insurance!?" "No why?" "Because im gonna hammer your pussy".
Anticipate news typhoons, and prepare to ride the wave. Is there a hot event coming up? A concert? A sporting event? A movie? Plan a tie-in.
Exactly. Read that Tina Fey says she won't speak at college graduations because there's too much pressure to be inspiring.
Brendan Ryan is not good enough at defense to make up for being such a bad hitter he can't even get a bunt down.
I'm good relaxing with a glass of wine at home
I saw that you worked on CSI. That's amazing dude! What was your role on set?
OMW to Atlanta #business trip on my
boys are so stupid.
Hmm, green or blue chinos today?
Love that dirty water...
Hawaii can't afford Congressional election, simple....sell an asset like everyone else has to in order to pay bills.
when girls talk about their problems <
staying sober this 420 ;D lol
go follow ! hes single ;)
More wine!
I don't do drugs. I am drugs.
Detroit vs. Chicago, Monday - October 22nd...no, seriously, Detroit is good now...I'm not kidding...hello?
At Budget meeting, CM Paul Koretz says only reason for OPS consolidation with LAPD is so Mayor can get ranks to 10K cops.
Really! You are asking me that at 11 o'clock we've been in the same room before & you've never asked why now, why today!?!?
Gee that would only happen to her ommg
Well played #Instagram! #Facebook bought you out for 10billion? Guess I Shoulda been cheatin' on ya with
Me and I think just crashed our computer
Richard Siskey is working on plans for the rest of the month.
Guess Romney is right. We should reduce regs on banks so Chase can gamble more bank funds to make up for the $2 billion they lost gambling.
Cats are to purr and not to be heard.
david kahn has tricks up his sleeves
All this Polo on I got horse power.
I gotcha
Is EVERYONE crazy today? Wow. It's too early for this much crazy.
Why does it seem most arguments about "what copyright does to literature" misunderstand "what copyright law does"?
opens in 3 hours. Tickets still available at the door. Come join the party!
A big thank-you to for donating gift certificates to we love local businesses!
this morning's theme song? The Black Keys: Automatic
Always! : WebVocalCoach awesome to meet another in the singing arena!
what?? I didnt send u any picturs
I'd honestly be so happy if he did short Ustreams like this every friday. Just seeing him smiling makes me happy.
It's calculus.
If you're in a relationship and still not having enough sex to feel fulfilled, don't blame your partner — it may be your own damn fault
My spelling has always been weak but I have seriously turned into a horrible speller. 8 year old spelling bee contestants could beat me.
what time tomorrow
no just for the cavs, figures huh
5:45! Look for my MIL and make sure Chase is ok... that would help put my mind at ease.
Dont you love finding good local bands? Go check out Oh, Akira!
Today in Literary History: On March 11, 1970 Erle Stanley Gardner (author best known for his Perry Mason novels) died in California.
okay you will be the first to know.
Overheard at the boys sleepover tonight "wait wait wait...don't unleash the fury JUST yet"
im good. i told your mom you guys need to come over so we can go swimming. would you like that?
Martin's "You So Crazy"? RT : Try that # if it doesn't work call me back we'll figure this thing out! ??
is secret shopping today...I'm about to know what my client's customers REALLY experience
looking forward to dinner on Sunday with my gf.
On the Radio with Bill Edwards In Savannah, GA #WTKS Announcing new record. Comes out in June!!! Get ready!
theBabaSling - Chartreuse Green Baby Carrier price - baby slings
Doin My Laundry TRYNA keep My Room Clean
I want the b-hole and that licky face. Now.
Thanks for great night for the Varali event. It was awesome!
true.. surprises are great. :) I agree with that.
where is that located?
Stoked at how the first #spiritofsport video turned out, waiting on the edge of my seat for the others! is changing the game
just chris and parents
That's great! I need to restart still!
Does anyone even drink G1 or G3?
I just fan a deviantartist who draws herself. Fucking king Louis XVI of France. Over and over again. She's jealous of Marie Antoinette.
If you wanna fuck someone, fuck'm right
Steve Tisch: our $1.6 billion privately financed stadium is big enough for 2 teams. We have enough room even if one team wants to carry 4qbs
“Forty is the old age of youth; fifty is the youth of old age.” - Victor Hugo
"Its a beautiful day, come in and have a stout." I love my grandma.
exactly that... u should try tomorrow
Special recognition to Luis Torres from Texas State University for winning the top student scholarship and Student ADDY Best of Show.
to give hope to all of the ugly teens??? lol
the mord sith costume were so good they were real tight leather
Major blackout in the neighborhood.
The library will be opening at 6:30 am today!
sandra bit my arm & I think I have rabies now :/.
Games about to kickoff who you got??? #49ers Pats
Fml started pouring down rain while im fixing my brakes on my car.. Soaked
Love it! : If was a song, said it would be Eye of the Tiger. Rock on, Survivor.
TruTV is not available in HD at my house...its almost not worth watching
C'mon son!
I can't believe I'm not gonna see Sappy this weekend ;(
Just read that Chyna will be playing She-Hulk in a X parody of The Avengers.
join Http://www.Dagnomusic.com Sell your #music , spread the word about your #band , and keep 100% of the revenue!
Is #letang out tonight?
Live stats are up and running on FIUSports.com
is a damn fool right now! Ha!
The #Packers release Nick Collins...please tell me this is a bad dream...
"Matters like this, could best be solved, if "they" would practice a little... "Excessive Happines", ,
Football concussions: Midday on Health, today at 1 pm with Ravens doc Andrew Tucker
thanks Ash <3 I may have to do the same!
Santorum wants zero healthcare apparently.
Did you pitch them on a switch to the Apple way?
WOW BRO!! I can't believe I wasn't following u, my bad! MAKE SURE YAW FOLLOW ------> Awwreadiii!!!!!
I need to do the same.
RT : Joshua Michael Robinson show. It's so good. You do not even know.
Anything can become reality with a little hard work and dreams!
when I apply a theme after about 24 hours it reverts back to the default theme
The live broadcasting online is a technology that makes use of live streaming to send and receive videos and other types of media.
goodnight moon and goodnight you :) I love you baby girl, sweet dreams <33 #TextMeInTheAM :)
Can't wait for my birthday! 9 more days!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Love this #alternativeusesforyournorton You know you're a nerd when you're using the Norton Anthology as a weight to work out.
Guess a public declaration was just what I needed. Chapter (and footnotes!) revised and sent off.
oh, everyone stay out of her way...lol
"Liar" is now my new Jam
if "crazy" we're a middle name, it'd be ours! :) You are welcome!
#MoneyTrainMonday dropping new music today :45am
I asked a #MBTA employee why so many employees sleep on the job. Her reply " You try doing this #job it's Fu# boring. #Boston #Worst :(
shout outz to LANT on the YEAH YAMS stickers....got yur package homie!!! good looking out!!! -billz
omg no cuz of my retarded mom...I can't really do anything any more
buying a feast at wholefoods & making a big dinner for the best Dad!
adorable photo. shes a cutie-pie. love the lighting
Hey! It's Katy from ! I'm doing great. How are you? :)
Hello, just sent a message from recruitinggamechangers.com. Would love to discuss cross promotional opportunities.
wash dc #trademissionto brazil
how are you
"Cool, so if Kayla had the option she'd shoot me." "But it would be to save the world!"
Agree! Absolutely amazing film in so many ways.
Do not want to work. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Im fuckin starving
Wow... just watched an hour's worth of cnn coverage at LM, the crowd grew steadily around the TV but was oddly silent... wish I was in DC!
The Institute will be closed tomorrow, July 1, and Monday, July 4. Have a great 4th, everyone!
watching my favorite childhood movie
hahah thanks julie!!! <3 if only you lived near me so you could be my date ;)
I feel like my first five months as a mama have already flown by! Hate to think that it speeds up even more from here.
Huge win for the #Celtics tonight, led by the captain, Paul Pierce.
we've been following each other for a while but never talked! what part of NY are you from!
add dye and call it "Blue Brew"
Our favorite company of the month is RENT A GREEN BOX. They offer amazing green moving products! Check out www.rentagreenbox.com today.
You fool! That is one of the most controversial topics on all of the internets! You need to hang out on more mommy forums. ;-)
WE are looking for your photos of Love. Do you have photos of murals or use of our merchandise. Send them my way!
- No show at the #GOPdebate? Why not? The public needs to get to know you.
Might as well go for a stroll. So nice outside. I'm sure is straight
Yo dawg, you here? Come upstairs! Pool!
he Makes me cry.
#2012 better be the time of my life.
Got ya hommie. Check out my youtube page www.youtube.com/soloxquzit
If NO is a complete sentence, so is YES. Choose your WORD wisely.
blood money
Going to the hospital to use the local atm still weird me out quite a bit...
Listening to Pretty Lights is like driving on a rainy highway through space where the streetlights are the stars. I Love it.
Good job Grant!
Live chat for the WLA Library Support Staff Conference?
Marvins Room is definitely my favorite song of all time.
Feeling the love... thanks guys! Yep... being at Adobe you would have missed the Revolution. Glad 2 be part of it too!
Every time there is this certain homeless guy on the A train I end up singing his song for the rest of the day/night.
so agree with u
Check Us Out - Pharez Whitted Jazz ETA Theater - Wednesday, July 20 @ 7558 S. South Chicago Ave, Chicago IL 7pm-10pm. Hope 2 C U There.
Well that sounds like fun :)
Holy awesome! The show last night was so fun! Thanks to all who came out for support! We love you
Tonight. Annie B graces our stage. The gals got a voice. Come grab a BBQ and find out why she won WAMI.
I just passed it along from !
Please be sure to check out the legendary rap group Whodini on TV One's #Unsung tonight at 10pm.
Lightning Bugs :)
Serum closed. RIP Blue Balls.
who that check ya dm
Hope you are having a great day!
#happybirthdayaustin Hope you had and are having a great sweet 16!
Alright beautiful (:
Think Pioli has changed? Or more accurately, been forced to change?
hahhaha a que si eres mi amigo k no? :)
Going to the US open final today. Let's go Nadal
Very interested! Could you post them for me? Thanks!
GREAT GAME
PSA to people in Oregon: The water is still really fucking cold. Don't drown.
We're now an 8 egg a morning family. Might need to invest in an urban chicken coup soon.
KAREN. NO MELTDOWNS DURING TECH.
#10attractivepeopleifollow "/ I dont even think I have 10 followers ! Lol New too twitter .
thank you for the kisses ;) lol
here & looking forward to today's tweet chat. this long week has again screamed along.
": LOL what are they saying?!"even the #NFL is wrong sometimes
Nothing feels better then coming home after a long accomplished day and laying in bed!
Wait: it WORKS?
Nice weather out tonight my phone says 102 but it feels like 95 at 8:40 at night I'm enjoying it.
Very cool! Hopefully they will air the anthem for the 76ers playoff game!
I need something to do for my b-day
Let's roll.
Schooling my girls...ain't gonna have no basic bum bit*he's for nieces...not on my watch...So I keep it funky and hide nothing !
It's Mojito time! Let it flow, let it flow, let it flow ;-}
Best downhill bikes of 2011 - check it out, what do you think? (via )
That shower felt too good <U+E13F>
I am having the same problem, I bet it's a Brighthouse issue. The broadbband connection has been unreliable lately.
Yes, yes, and Oh. Hell. Yes. Morena Baccarin confirmed for 2011.
LOLOLOLOL wow only u and what a topic and what VIP ?
Dear gawd they are traffic cones x_x
Plan B and teen pregnancies on your mind? Read about teen parent Reta Ellis. A classic teen perspective revealed in Lack of Restraint.
Oh and by the way! We just wrote two new songs! Retweet if you wanna hear! \m/
Zeus kisses are the my favorite kisses.
Pretty sure there are some little girls on the train making fun of my sideburns.
I was not made to keep surprises.
Why does every girl and my school want to be a dental assistant o.O
My baby gonna take me to ocean city Maryland
awesome.. Did you record it?
i agree, sass
I feel ya, man. Bulls have looked bad for awhile now. Not sure what's going on. Hope they don't blow the 1 seed now.
S/O to loyal, honest, hard working men! <3
we had it washed down for you today - welcome back!
Someday I'm going to drink sangria with this woman!
Audition workshop today from 3-5 pm. Studio theater. Spread the word. Especially because no one knows about it.
kill'm tonight, woo woo !!!
Good Morning #Bear and #Bull Family!! Sad exit for our #Bulls!!!
Bitch, you spilled my skittles! Thanks for the follow!
Back to the gym today?
I take it you are feeling better now that you have left your apartment? Hope that gets resolved soon for you!
It's like this librarian enjoys making my life more difficult.
I challenge to a dance off.
Thank you Bryan!
Android 3.0 Honeycomb more akin to Tablet PC than iPad
I'm addicted to Draw Something like no joke... I can't be the only one...
Amalia has to flip? Crazy!!!
Man iam srry whyte ppl can't dance for shit got muthafukas slipin n sliding around like they riding on swifter jets n shit
Thanks to for a great evening. Congrats on 10 years. Here's to the next decade!
Hell yeah" : G n' R sweet child o' mine. #ohthememories"
Yesterday was rough!! RT Hangover: day 2. This is why I don't go out any more... I can't hang.
i can't believe what's become of sony they tell us ps3 can do everything a blue-ray player can false.
on my way there. Not too worried bout Saturday. Don't want to play OSU
Dear used "She Bop" as lead-in music today as he continues his #hatespeech against #women &
Just tapped, Port Brewing Hop 15 (replaces Brewing Hoptimum Whole Cone Imperial IPA) Growler yes, $3 pints
If You Ever Been Cheated On , This Tweet Is For You .
#lifeforce :P :D
RT : If you don't like your story change it
yes, it feels delicious to just relax! I'm enjoying it!
yea we gonna sing duets lik i sing the pitbull parts he sings the chris brown well mainly just raps
wait what?
Beehive designer co-op travels to Dunwoody (2458 Mt. Vernon Rd.) from 12/11 to 12/14 featuring merchandise by local designers.
shoot me your email address via dm so I can send you Amini Silatolu film.
Really Chad?
Hosanna in the highest! Simply beautiful!
RT : Looks like the hashtag for Frankfurt Book Fair is #fbf11. Good for those of us not able to attend in person.
congrats Patrick. You are my favorite.
Insomnia sucks
Ok all better now, business attire off relaxed soft cotton lounge pants and tank on
Agree/disagree? "Linkedin is for people you know. Facebook is for people you used to know. Twitter is for people you want to know."
yes you are ;)
you crack me up...if you're in atl you're everywhere
In the twentieth century this comfortable closed system was shattered by movements to explore eastern religions and eastern Christianity too
I am trying to spend money with you and the site is down AGAIN and your phone service hangs up - frustrated elevate member
Now power? No problem! Survive after #Irene with a
Well I love knowing what YOU all think of the episode! Aww<3 Magnolia and I love you all!
apparently coaches the Steelers in his spare time.
Had a blast at Six FLags with all my friends! :D such a great day to spend a friday!!
In life sometimes you realize certain things are a blessing instead of a curse.
I'm jealous.you are lucky. I hold a grudge forever.
Okay, I'm getting off. Ally on her way here, and when she get's here, we heading downtown!
Watched Nazareth College play last night...learned a lot. Love their style of play.
Phew-we made it to May!
beiebers new song girlfriend isnt as good as the nsync song wit nelly on the remix lol
I keep running into the problem that students don't believe I work here, or they choose to ignore I work here.
gotta come fck wit me in the booth one of these days
I love people that use all capital letters for everything, it's a convenient way for me to know who the stupid people are.
Perfect day to lay out! The sun is bright & hot, but the temp is perfect so I'm not miserable <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><U+2600>
RT if you remember when McDonald's slogan was "We Love To See You Smile".
No worries! Try the last tip I sent with Auto Expurge off. That should work.
Black folk where we at today in our tank tops shorts and women in dem booty shorts it's
Thanks to you who brighten my days
Register today at www.watchnhllive.com to watch all your hockey games and check out the forum to discuss all your hockey news and questions.
Yea buddy!
u blew up my news feed
thank you for such a pure interview, asked all the right questions, the
casting Kalinda's ex-husband is going to be epic. he already has so much to live up to.
why you mad at me?
RT : If the US nonprofit sector were a country its revenues would exceed those of most countries in the world!
: Im doing some #wedding planning. Trying to get the bulk done before I start work in July. How are you?
I'm craving wind jammer wings! Wish we got them the other night!
This is horrible I have a piece of tree bark in my eye. -_____-
Playing without Perkins tomorrow would be a big blow for OKC. He helps body up against Bynum down low.
I finish like 10 minutes ago hahahahah :P
Yeah, I think they are going on before Miranda Lambert.
I never doubt about it:-)
On my mind today
lol didnt know if u still wanted to talk
OMG it totally seems that way. He's such a loser in my opinion
Come to Open Juggling tonight at 6:30! Still spaces available for this session's Contortion class, tonight at 7!
February 10 7pm@ Mr. Pitiful's! If you're single ready to mingle and want to find your Valentine..Register at www.tri-statespeeddating.com
OMG yes!! im very new to this and didnt want to mess up bc im a perfectionist and i noticed all my quirky habbits :)
what do u do when u get bored?
Glad you pulled the plug on the wine deal. Talk about drama. It's dumb to have theater in front of a future investor.
greatest tweet EVER RT : the 12:20 wild mix is tearing it up! It's making my booty go pop! :)
lol can't wait!
Marquette definitely the best Illinois team in the tournament.
Bay View, a southeast neighborhood in MKE.
Thanks to everyone who came out to the #2011wesleygolftourney ! It was a b-e-a-utiful day for golf, and a good time was had by all!
It is much better to make mistakes doing something, than to make the mistake of doing nothing. – Fred van Amburgh
What I did for you -Gave you money because you had none -Was always there -Cried for you -Went out of my way to help you
haha Nice! Pretty great open!
thanks Love. miss you super star.
he may have a crippling internet porn addiction and can't concentrate who knows. Bukowski woulda loved that shit though haha
You have to believe that you're the best for anyone else to believe it
hey Brandon!!!!! Hope you're having a great spring break :)!
that's not to good,I had a goofy day tho' hadda sub' so nuff'said lol.
Midtermtest :| proud me guys
It's a perfect morning to drive with the top down. Let's enjoy this weather while we can
I don't have to look up my family tree, because I know that I'm the sap
Thanks, friends at for sharing poetry bookmarks at the museum and celebrating local kids through their poems. You rock!
I'm sure they all have the same XFS/EXT4 bugs ;-)) BB have it easier, they are "just backup" hehe.
It sucks to be sick, I'm so freakin bored
this magazine says you're beautiful. why's that
did fundraiser happen already?
save me one!!!!
Did You Know? An adult esophagus can range from 10 to 14 inches in length and is one inch in diameter.
EVERYONE PLEASE GO FOLOW !!! EVERY CLICK COUNTS <3
Reawaken curiosity, embrace wisdom, reconnect with our humanity. #badgerbioneers 2011
“: There is no love without war”
Reading Hannah Landecker on #epigenetics - how might environmental signals (like food or toxins) cause gene mutation now or in the future?
welcome to smartphone world. Now gotta get workin' on that
so it happened recently???
#ThingsHigherThanZimmermansBond Me right now
Yup, that's right! FREE delivery of your $20+ order from ! 1.855.HUNGRY2 or WeHaveYourFood.com
I'm finna shake DC nite life with ...take notes bitches
I'll take the money that I spend at and donate it to
Derrick Rose is out for the rest of the playoffs! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
whos my secret santa!!! no im plain
Actually quite surprised that I'm pleased that Kyle/Kurt Busch won this race.
4A area one-game playoff, mid 2nd: Port Lavaca Calhoun 0, Flour Bluff 0; Two-out single for Sandcrabs, but that's it.
in that case want to skype with me
That said, he is wrong that boxing was never popular. It & baseball used to be huge. What happened? Talent pool went dry
“: Ppl get so excited for their first tat that they get something completely ugly or stupid or both” Well mines wasn't lol
Happy Thursday all! Hope you have a great day!
is Celebration opening?
XD My longest was 96k, but the rewrite ended up closer to 80k. I'll probably cut a lot of this, too.
Sometimes I wonder; how many other girls he is texting while he's texting me.
Word up! --> "Give up the good. Go for the Great!"
thank you!
Zoned out
awe you made my day (:
hey Austin!! How was your day today? Please RT or reply :)
Junior chill boi I dont want Pedro looking for you
you'd think if they cared, they would've went to the old studios and done it from there
Cause even in the dark, baby I’m a shine bright. I'm way too gone, the best night of my life
I'm gonna git you sucka
Are you ready for Comps? Info session today and tomorrow at 12pm.
My great birthday: Two naps, fun with Daring Adventure Baby, and early dinner in Porter Square.
sexting in suburbia was fantastic. Great plot twists. I highly suggest it.
thanks again for having me in. Had a great time with your students. Smart, lively bunch.
#Mifflin2012 is still open
Anyone have a house or twnhouse for rent northland kcmo less than$1100 & allows pets? I have a friend who's looking.
if punter is that good, he could play in NFL 4 15 years. Punter is guaranteed starter. getting starter round 3 is pretty good.
Wait did that status include where I am?
Michelangelo's famous marble Statue of David weighs more than 6 tons and stands a proud 17 feet tall. How's that for #DIY?
Finished watching replay of the Australian open final. Incredible display of stamina & athleticism. There were no losers
It is WTF? Wednesday today at Club Anything!! You know what that means? 25cent tap beers!
thank you for having us! Had a great time!
Reading 'Here Comes Everybody: The Power of Organizing Without Organizations' by Clay Shirky...How social media transform group action.
I have a free day on Sundays..so I am thinking of taking handgun classes to finish of my Lara Croft imitation. LMAO!
I will : ) please give Stanley a hug from me
Good effort today for Time for some rest and prep for third round
Thanks for the RT! Much appreciated!
ok now that was dirty
texting while driving. I think.
Voter number 149, Willow Springs Township, Wisconsin. One election they only had 9 votes counting the 4 polling ladies!
who stole your #marbles?!
I was displeased with last nights episode. Did they start shooting the show in a new/weid way? Not enough
get me 2 plane, to amsterdam ill go! but I am from California, where the good Kush is! lol
To start off the birthday bash we hailed cab number 666. Please keep us safe tonight baby Jesus.
you & me both!!
Concurrence means that the guilty mind (mens rea) and guilty act (actus reus) occur together for a crime to have taken place.
Thanks for the follow, we are dorks too!
Thanks for the coverage on the blog today!
thats what you think
haha. Already know. What's good mane?
Life aint no joke. Its real. Its not reality. Live Life And Learn It Right. Either you go the right way or wrong way thats how it goes.
i gave you a shoutoutt! i hope someone follows you(:
Yeah of course. Managing...hm are we talking school, personal, social, all the above?
#WeWontWork if I can't make you laugh.
is producing two client videos -- one aimed at audience in Australia, the other a kickoff video for client's 2011 international operations.
Great job to both sides! Alumni came out on top, but if #MURFC can keep up the numbers and intensity all season it should be a great one!
Lol. Fish is playing above the rim according to my friend Brian in the game, fish made quads for a 30k pot, in total steamroll mode
#Stocks end mixed. Strong earnings bolster the #Dow, which gains 75 points. #Nasdaq slips 0.3% after weak #Netflix results
Talkin bout cryin did anyone peep that UGLY SMURFS expression when she didn't when dat grammy! She is a JOKE!
You're gonna love em! Shoot us a tweet when you do, your first half dozen is on me!
": All I ever see is palms out asking for help all the time. Its rare to see people offering a helping hand."
oh really!???
Welcome to the
Great adventures with the cast and crew on the I AM GABRIEL set yesterday. Mike Norris you are a nut.
Its My
"Sell in May and go away" MAY HAVE A DEEPER MEANING THIS YEAR........
OMG the whole world has gone to sleep on twitter too. Okay then, good night.
#roadron #sportingkc So loud and proud!
Praying the office internet connection will go down so Crazy Co-Worker will stop insisting on showing everyone the "Friday" video. Yeah.
My dad's gonna be falling asleep at the pulpit tomorrow, he is still cleaning from joy prom.
<U+200E>"Aim for the head!" ~ NICOLE MILANO
Will b closed today. Im too sick to serve you wonderful customers
OPENING NIGHT OPENING NIGHT for Romeo&Juliet. A curtsy to The best mother daughter couple I know. Break your legs
Oh thanks!
Meow pika meow
the most overrated QB and team in the league. And I'm a Cowboys fan.
St. Elmo's...and get the shrimp cocktail!
My Tummy Is Taking Too Loud... Smh
Just discovered the FX show The League...I'm in love...
I hate when you send a long message and you get a one word reply.
you know I do :-) I'm attracted to beautiful eyes, light brown skin and long sexy hair!
Blake and Kaitlyn went and tracked the final vocals this morning for "For a While" and "Mr. D" in Studio A
Really hope i can square away this vaction time! I want beach time!
Its nice to see that nice people prevail CONGRATULATIONS
Kelly clarkson , I love you...
If you want5 a shoutout tweet ne :)
lol never been this excited for a monday before/
Just got whip out the shop today, thinkin bout tmrw. U there?
RT : Oh yes! The Cornerstone of Enlightenment. Preach it : Caffeine....the foundation of consciousness.
twas a joke
Thank you! I agree--I would love to sing bigger projects. So glad we connected here!
#Director Sam Mendes Video Blogs From Bond Set -- I'll have to find that...post it if can.
ShoutOut to the #Squad !!!
Hopefully I'll just get you&me time soon.
that's the mindset....
Gonna try today without pills
FB followers interact with ya girls send us your topics for discussion....today we are discussing FB groups!!!!!
good luck this weekend in pomona hope to see ya beat your dad
Preparing for the auditions on Saturday, should prove to be interesting. My hope is that we are able to cast all roles.....will let you know
Palin pulls a Palin. But she does want to run. But maybe she will run if she doesn't run,if she decides to run,which will make her not run.
Oh. You mean it tastes bad, not that it phyically hurt your tongue. You see my confusion, right?
the only fruit you dont eat while looking at someone.
I got asked for my ID to buy Tylenol. Wtf I'm sick
I though Cena might be sad bc of what's goin on with him, but he definitely didn't seem sad! (:
Let's start a list! Unite.
I'm THE fake one, and I don't get no shoes or nothin for it. I can tell who the best one is by lookin at number of followers.
For all who have been wondering.. Roots is working with the "family farm" in the town of grafton. Just planted 100 melons. M..
Deltas better do a car wash, sell candy bars
The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitude. -William James
No Wifi at Dallas airport?
what a gal! haha, well hope you get better soon!
AWW! How cute?! Love you too! <3
I just like everything LOUD!
I think I've gotten myself into something I can't get out of.
Yes! RT : "Dissatisfaction is a symptom of ambition. It's the coal that fuels the fire." -Mad Men
REMINDER: is coming in June right after the launch of #BBUK. You won't want to miss the live debut.
Yeah my friends from DC came to visit & I took them to it. Remember Mark Meranta my former intern? We're best buds now.
good to know! I feel like I have to pay close attention because of their accents!
Every time the weather is bad people sarcastically say how they 'love' Cincinnati weather, like it rains in other places to ya know
Very nice RT : Happy Hour Specials 4pm-9pm: $1 Coors Light Draft, $1 Captain Lawrence Draft, $15 Draft Beer Pitchers
I feel like I'm stuck in this life forever..
Well, Brewers didnt get it done today! Too bad..... Time for a nice dinner aftet bitching for 2 hrs abt Brewers inabilities
any tips learning the power snatch variations. Im horrible at the crow, struggle w/ getting my arms ext at the top
He was that bad huh? Going to the doctor is the worst :-/
... But whatever happened to Jesse Camp?
Q. Where is everyone reading about Sasha??
That sums up the season so far: César Izturis just hit a ball TOO hard.
Phillip Phillips singing Volcano = perfection.
really awkward conversations with my science teacher while he's on his bike.
you are amazing!!! and #twilightlicious :)
New book from my former professor and forever mentor, David W. Carr. Open Conversations: Public Learning in Libraries and Museums.
I miss I hope I see her soon!
The California Coastal Commission's "Labor of Love" = Blatant disregard of the private property rights of coastal residents
home and ready to grill
I forgot how much fun I have talking to performer and production celebrities on
Catching glimpse of was best part big fight last night
Apple should really go into making sappy movies. Every time I watch a new product launch video or commercial I get teary-eyed!
I miss her soo much! and I need to hang out soon!
At work, passed my PRT, I'm out of breath, I hate you all...omg...having trouble breathing...sea air is no joke
This halloween I went as an Angry Larry Bird. Some people got it and the rest were girls.
Can you get gear from any of the vendors in the Watchtower?
Getting my taxes did by She's so amazing!
We should have had an awesome weather drill instead where they make us go outside bc it's too nice out to stay inside
#liber2011 Types of digital content: simple/complex, rendered/ non-rendered, static/dynamic. Different set of problems for each.
they are everything that I've ever wanted in a relationship.
Lost power at work. I've got nothing to do.
We just want to make this #ala11 experience so positive for everyone!
Rode 65 miles this AM. ALMOST missed the road races, PT runs, exercise teams and dog parades. Looking for the road less traveled.
you know you've vocalized your obsession w/ a movie when you get double digit texts within moments of its Oscar victory! Congrats The Cove!
I've been trying to get the higher ups to send me to our London offices for years. No luck :(
Awww :-) RT They will take good care of each other Gemini and Cancer
Google your mate’s interests to find some great gift ideas.
That's that bullshit right there im talking about
Kimi is doing. Good. To day. Good luck!
Trees have doppelgangers.
absolutely, Sports Cowgirl.
My respect for just doubled. Thanks for having back! :)
can I borrow 1500 dollars lol
"Valid cues to nervousness is not the same as valid clues to lying" what do you look for in a corporate investigation?
#DragRace latin pit crew boy is a hottie...
Great tips! Thank you. I'll let you know how it goes once I try it out.
The browns strive to have a fully integrated marketing plan with a strong focus within social media
badgers killin it shooting 73%... can they keep it up?
$50? what a bitch.
Happy Nurse Appreciation Week! Nursing is an art: and if it is to be made an art, it requires an exclusive devotion as hard a...
Best paki food ever at himalaya!!! Super tasty. Highly recommend!
Chicava and the rest of the gang -have fun in Miami! So jealous, I'm sure the show will be brilliant! xoxo
is seriously in the USA right now.
Thankyou for another great day God(:
This election cycle we need to vote #problemsolvers into office at the #county #state & #national level...we need solutions not name calling
thank you. that makes my heart warm with debilitating pain...in the best way possible.
How soon will wireless operators run out of capacity? SAN FRANCISCO--Will the nation's wireless operators run out of spectrum within the
Just saw your appearance on THE VIEW. Keep fighting sir! The kids need you!! I for think your a hell of a dad!!
New camping stuff and fishing gear :)
I've actually found chess strategies very useful for fighting in my tae kwon do class. It is a fascinating body of literature.
yup!! its just like that.. guess this is how its supposed to be lol.. about to head back home for the day.
Yes, I agree 100%! I love The Bangles rendition of that song!
Now day who really des niggas be actionn front
SPORTS CITY CAFE MESQUITE SHOWING IT $10 COVER CHARGE...
If Mila Kunis is going to play Meg on Family Guy, I think they could've at least made her attractive.
Silly Phone dat wasn't a 'missed call' dat was a 'looked & saw who it was and pressed ignore' call''
If there's something I can't explain well or I like to being reminded of on a daily basis, I want it tatted .
Well, maybe a sequel to Return To Middle C 25 years from now. In the meantime, I am working on a thriller series. :)
CAMC HEALTH SYSTEM | For useful health-related information, follow
can't wait to get back to Georgia in the fall. Never miss a chance to stop there.
you stalking my tweets?:O
#1OfMyFlaws I give my honest opinion no matter the situation
Miike Snow and Chairlift tickets bought today. Good day for the
A most excellent idea! I shall take a journey to the freezer. I made some homemade lime ice cream.
Amen! I'll be stalking the store here to see when one is installed.
Can I get a birthday shoutout/follow? ;) it's on thursday
TT's baby Molly ( )
What a long ass day ... Night
me too. Hendo one. Got my alarm set for 715am. Blagh.
Gahh, i hardly use this account anymore :O
sigh. I was really hoping for more Disney paintings...so much to write about!!!
been up since maybe 5ish this morning and it's 6 now, still up when i should be in bed sleeping :/
The Rock-fire Explosion! I would def. recommend watching the documentary on Netflix if you can. Very nostalgic.
Shorty, you a dime ;)
"Mr. Brown Goes to Washington"
drink tea and water and juice, sleep lots, watch horror movies
Bennett calls the option to take the state's phantom money "a bogus option" Yeah, and one #SDUSD took
We will! MT : Looming 3pm question: Will my colleagues join me in a mini dance session to ?
Yeah Sara!
We are giving away $30 off of a purchase to one person today! RT this for your chance to win!
It might be more attention when you are out together
Finished the day in LA working with a start up, second day: guiding tenet design, product lifecycle process workflow, elearning map, and ?
Grilli gets the job done.
Of course! We hope you're having an amazing Friday! :)
way premature, but if Stu Pomeranz earns a shirt, consider this a request for a "Disco Stu" design.
Oh yay. he went. when my mom comes out and has money. prick.
I enjoyed #riptherunway great designers and models. Made me miss the runway! All about photography now....LOVE IT!
Joesph Addai signing is a good pick up for the #Patriots! Probably means Faulk is done in NE...
Everyone and their sister is headed to the beach today
Heaven's IT department just got a lot better. RIP Steve...
Nigga asked me y I rock the 89.99 paid of levi's to work and to play, nigga cuz my bread and hustle game been strong
Here's an explanation even you, a Purdue grad, can understand: Your coach played dirty and cheated, now your team is tarnished.
WTF, where did the sun go?
Apparently the word is a trademark registered with the federal government.
Thinking on my feet even when I'm off them.
That song you cant take off repeat.
Let's hope they spring for seedless at the picnic :)
Great show tonight! Soo much love in the A! Just got back to the room. Bout to T.A.P. wit ! Back to the M tom Fo #HP!
Initiate one-one communication, student to instructor
Sweet! Help me ID my livingroom and bedroom.
I turn to you jesus
Hear me spit on you, wither I remold into gold and bury I from sun
All the #linsanity is making me hungry.. Today's breakfast: Linstant Oatmeal... After work, a possible Lin & Tonic.
Not 1, but 2 trolley shows being released tomorrow.
It changed my life.
You know you're on the #easternshore when an elderly man sneezes into a napkin and leaves his handiwork on the bar, right in front of you
City staff answering questions from CM Spelman, saying that the calculations for AE tree trimming very complex
good morning
we could flume down, and portage back up?
but of course they are.. Why should today be any different..
OK. Need some strong tea. Channeling spirit of and workaholism in general.
for wood. So~ idek dude.
Send da Hottest Productions / Beats to
It's really 4am
Never regret anything that has happened in your life. It cannot be changed, undone, or forgotten so take it as a lesson learned and move on.
hey Oberlin College!
Making #bigdata applications real (time)
EYE AM BACK MUCH LOVE & EYE THANK YOU ALL FOR YOUR SUPPORT! SEAN
Goodnight twitter followers.
Pirates play the Marlins (away) at 7:10. Yesterday they won 3-2 over Houston. Watch it on ROOT.
its the twilight aroma
people are stupid. we all make mistakes, keep your head help high girl! <3
Whew bkb championships over! Big thanks to , , , , & for the help!
Looking fwd to it. See you on May 22!
I think I'm gonna change my approach to dealing with defense lawyers - often I try to respect their desire to speak for their client....
That one guy that won't criticize me and can let me be my good ol natural self.
Most people just didn't get John Carter. Too manly. Indecision on modernizing it didn't help.
Little bummed to miss meetup on April 26th featuring But super stoked I'll be in NYC for 's wedding!
Grads get a standing ovation at #SPHgrad!
true...needs to be dealt with by fifa...video review after matches where fines/cards/suspensions imposed
thanks so much for the retweets!!!
yes. it was so dumb, especially after the last game at camp nou. its obvious Messi still has a good relationship with Pep
We will be recording our first album this year!
ma son act like dem sweet tarts on TV lol
chillin' with peeps@ Buzz Bakery in Alexandria!
someone is feeling fierce today, a bit cocky too! Im surrounded by this behavior. Ugh! Lol
Who is watching this CUBS game?
I'm not saying I did terrible things last night but satan just woke up on my couch and he won't make eye contact with me
And... I will come out and the car will look like a scene from Jackie Brown.
Thank you so much, if you have any questions please feel free to ask :)
that is AWESOME!
Great to Steve Goldberg, not the wrestler either, this morning.
Group Class Contest 4/16/12 to 4/21/12: The person who attends the most classes this week wins a Upward Motion PT water bottle! Sweat on!
sure. I am game. What time is good for you?
she just better make sure she's on tomorrow at the same time as us. you'll see what will happen and ill continue seeing ur immature side
Damn It Feel Like I Gotta Throw Up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
to talk to them and then he comes across as creepy or they see him with our sister Bessie...
what if the answer to your dreams came down to the removal of stress and fear in your life
okay , don't let ha forget !
hahaha never leave us again Raff. You brighten my day...which is ironic cuz you're such a darkbutt.
Gilt learnings: 1. Design for each device. #2 Optimize for weekends and downtime 3. Speed, stability, scalability matter.
My boyfriend is singing don't stop believing to me over the phone. Oh my god.
lol baby you're such a dork I love it and also yo a$$ <---- cash money lol x3 <3
22 players in our tournament so far today. $140 buy in ($125/15). Late registration available until 1:40 pm.
poor Evelyn she does need her privacy. Her X doesn't need to know her business. An X should remain an X.
Thinking about China for my SSLE project #772sp11. I'd like to teach there one summer.
What's worse? 5 years of an average "elite" goalie or 5 years of an "elite" interchangeable cap crippling closer?
Thanks for the
Pajamas before 6 pm. Yes, please.
Breaking News : Albert Pujols just hit a Homerun ! #FINALLY :D !
u wanna know something... sunburns hurt like a BITCH!! im not enjoying this :( fuck the sun
When every other subject feels much too loaded, talk about hair, cupcakes, disco or gardens. This is my motto and I'm sticking to it.
Lifting up all college students taking exams and looking for summer jobs
I hate sundays.
Can you split the coax cable and have both modems connected? I may be able to make the SB6121 works.
Crazy that every single game in Caps/Bruins series was decided by 1 goal. That's a NHL record.
For-profit health insurance companies have a fiduciary responsibility to make money for their stockholders, not care for the sick.
that would be tons of fun! Trying to get this done soon, though... and everyone would probably get annoyed with me :)
Roaches are some of the eldest organisms on earth.
yea I'm 100 bra wats good wit u
I'm all for sending Newt Gingrich, on a rocket ship to the moon!!! Maybe he believes that we can mine swiss cheese there???
Seriously. RT : Dear Captcha, i am not a bot but even i can't understand your hand-writing. You desperately need to work on it.
A few of my favorite eateries in #pdx:
#StaySwole RT : It takes twice as long to lose new muscle after you stop working out than it did to gain it.
Page 11 of 366...I have a feeling it's gonna be good!
You is kind. You is smart. You is important. <3
"Leaving" turned 10 years old on the 7th
Hey,So,What's up?,Did he type back? Did two more people like the page and said I sent them? Please answer!!! :D
Grilled flatbread with confit lamb, white bean, fromage fort, smoked tomato & oregano
Did you know:Organ contains 4,530 pipes ranging in length from size of a pencil<U+2794>32ft? & free wkly concerts performed since 1917?
YO FOLLOW BACK BLOOD !
We need more players before it's going to work at all! But if we can find them, definitely will explain as much as I can.
*LIKE* RT : I want to study abroad in England the 2nd semester of my Sophmore year...GOING to make that happen!
my body is aching :(
Question: Was Shaun Kemp, in certain ways, better than Karl Malone? Did Kemp mean more to the Sonics than Malone, to the Jazz?
Defeat is not the worst of failures
When the person sitting next to you I class farts and your like really?
The people that support the charity behind the kony video are the same people that support by buying his music
UR looking at Boobies what's not to understand. Put on the captions and see what you get.
How have you been?
You got right.
ROCK ON!!
It's been a hard week for our Active Military. www.PatriotSafe.com is now offering 25% off the price you see on their website for any item.
Sending rejection notices to job candidates. We had so many amazing candidates I wish I could hire them all.
so cool! had no idea! Where is the farm located?
I love the pink bow sticking out of that hat!
We love because it's the only true adventure.
Cleaning up your tweets one at a time. Call Team Go or visit us online @ teamgocleaning.com
You should talk to John or Jay but he already said in a previous status we cannot meet anyone for tickets the day of the show.
It's a little sad that new Cameron Crowe movies still have to be sold as "from the director of Jerry Maguire".
"who could love a girl with the name Beezus..." "Jesus"
we only went on the ferris wheel and it was just like any other ferris wheel ever lol
- Stephanie - I almost did it this morning. And chickened out. LOL I'm building my stamina - slowly but surely.
Inspiring Affirmation! I wrote it down!
Badgers get a 4* QB commit this week! B'z is one heck of a recruiter!
lol it's true!
which episode of Law and Order were you on? it plays nonstop down here and i want to see the one you were in. xxo
I DVR & listen to every new program. Just wish you would schedule proper start and stop times. Please.
people who never talk to you except to ask incessant questions about schoolwork <<<<
she looks like she creamed in her panies and doesnt know what to do!
Thanks Mindel! RT : Break another leg tonight!
Gotta download hell of songs
he was checking to make sure someone was writing notes on their laptop and when he walks over he goes "OH. OMY. GOSH. porn" LMFAO
I'm toying to reconcile them here lol
NMEFCU has one
I LOVE YOUR PICTURE <333333
Dumbo Poreotics coming to Vietnam TODAY! Are you ready?!
My mother was checkin out more girls then me at church she said"look at this girl next to ya"she was a lezbian
next weekend wit details. Lol. Tickets will prolly be cheaper!
Volunteering at Cyber Cafe & being involved with Civic Engagement group for senior advocacy. In 7th heaven.
I played both but mostly the d20 version.
Good to hear! We'll stop in this week and report back.
Check out if you're looking to combat those holiday LB's! He's offering $100 off every package so now is the time!
updating my Monster.com profile
Jon Budmayr is at Mayo Clinic this week to get a second opinion
I can't even begin to express how much I adore you. It's too freaking much :)
I dont know why you wont even talk to mee.
Shopping away on VS and got to my cart...$430...um....closed that browser FAST!
Not even Shock Waves?
A big thank you for apologizing. Some of the replies think it's no big deal, but words do hurt. UR awesome to respond
17 year old just headed to the river with "the boyfriend". Should I be worried?
If You Have 69 In Your Twitter Name, You Officialy Want Attention For Being "Thirsty"
“: I really wish I was better at golf. I get invited to 20 outings a year. And I suck" - you and me at the range for an hour
Thank you for joining us. We're glad you had a great time and we hope to see you back soon!
no. That's been done like a thousand times. Just no.
Thank you so much for the #FF!
as a collective we are doing alright. Why are you feeling bleh?
how many classes do you have
Love how IU fans are upset. Act like trash when we're in town, don't be surprised when we treat u like trash. Lol, "rivalry". Cute.
Are niall and ali dating or what??
Being early has its benefits my butt is firmly planted in 2nd row w/ direct sight line to Tim. Score!
When will they make a new movie whose pitch doesn't include "it's like (so and so) meets (so and so)" - remember originality?
Doesn't seem possible. The last weekend before school starts. Now where exactly did the summer go?
Hittin the city with moe today, &&& then tattoo time :D
ps I love your new site
WELL sorry. Deal with it. And because I don't shut up.
Pretty good chance that if you go to the depot tonight and eat food from the dude, will win tomorrow against those aggies!
Former NFL great Junior Seau has died.
point for Seth. Come on Beckett!
You can't bullshit a bullshitter.
lol some f*cks, cant do something nice, without expecting something in return
Is 's The Sandman series "appropriate" for a 13yo? Seem to remember someone saying it got really dark/disturbing...
Quote of the night from Norm "What a fag" haha
Free promotion? Get more for yourself at the site on my profile. You will thank me :) do you follow 4 follow?
what do u think about clean coal?
#imhappiestwhen I'm making music! Let me know what you think of my latest music video: www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaDEqEs6dD0
Join us for lunchtime power pilates today! New clients: 1 week free of unlimited group classes. $79 monthly membership!
and welcome to #NARIP's twitter world
And Kobe & The Lakers will never be like Jordan & The Bulls
Hahahaja Chris Tillman! Holy cow good to hear from you! See aren't UBS I asked?
Good morning! Have a blessed day
I once kissed Justin but his lips tasted like posters for some reason. I wonder why.
Can you come down to Mississippi to shape my story?! Major block.
Tryna play temple run and unlock my phone at the same time ...
Happy Valentines Day!
april fools?
hi!!!!! I just wanted to ask if you have ever been to Georgia. Love ur acting by the way!!!!!!Hoping to get a follow!!!!
Lol my little sister is conceited.
this is where the "mythical man-month" may be instructive…….
What is working to drive paid subscriptions for digital only? Content is king. Content=eyeballs=advertising.
well, I'm jealous :/ good for you
performing arts guide is excellent. The Top 25 arts org list is intriguing. The size, budget and makeup of orgs might surprise you.
Just had a conversation with my dog. I need a girlfriend.
RT : RT : Tami is too freaking grown to act like that...what a joke...smfh!
No one's on this road but us. O.o
My wifi is not working out right now!
Where you been?
Stop holding on to what hurts and make room for what feels good!
How to Save Money on School Lunches Could not connect to SQL server.
don't think it's a smart move for them?
Thanks for da follow!
When did you meet Alex for the first time?!?!? ;)
Mark Ruffalo redeemed The Hulk. #Avengers Great casting!
thank you for the #FF Jessica! Have a wonderful weekend.
If you're in downtown for the Museum of Cont Art's TNT event - make sure to stop in and try our famous Dulce de Leche cake afterwards!
We are touring the Scotish Rite theatre!
Tomorrow's walk home is probably going to suck.
Like seriously. This isn't right.
nice, i love yo beats man
haha I'll tell her next time we talk. She'll laugh..... Lol.
you guys are awesome!!!! jb your my inspiration, kim and katy your mentors, ryan is ...
ur not a boy
@ Dan Sileo isn't Jimmy Raye the guy that took the bullet for Mike Singletary in San Fran for the lack of offense?
a cashier at a pokerroom kind of sounds like an awesome job though.
you look pretty :)
Thanks I checked out your work and site last week. You have a amazing portfolio
Typing 'lol' when your face shows less expression than a brick.
I got a great idea for you. Get an iPhone (;
Got my sweat on this morning!! #fitnessnyc #run10k # fitfluential
Dunkin' D's and then a stalk around the lake. Took her bowling last year... You know what, I don't want to talk about that.
IBuildApp does not work is what I mean
My tummy hurts :\
“: Don't forget #SUPERmoon Saturday Isn't it eggciting ?” I can't wait!
To be counted in the world's richest 1%, you only need to earn 34K/yr Planet's true middle class lives on just $1,225/yr (CNN)
one can download mega-amounts of data, though most of the plants are inedible.
Open from 11am - 10pm today. Come say hi.
nice won eve kelly kelly
Not quite. I've got about 5 southern states to go...
thanks for the
We love it!
HE THINKS IM HACKING HIS ACCOUNT!!! I WAS LIKE WHAT!!!!!
You're impossible.
Fingers crossed that it's an announcement for "Footloose 2: Willard's Revenge"...
it's a run-walk, I enjoy it!
Hey CBS: If you want Katharine McPhee as a Tony presenter you can't have her because she's...IN TECH!
YOU KEEP YOUR LIVER-SPOTTED HANDS OFF MY BEAUTIFUL MOTHER; SHE'S A SAINT.
Sometimes I think people are talking about the primary...then it turns out to be Dancing With the Stars.
Who? Newt was the only Conservative running.
How do you feel about Prince leaving Milwaukee?
is SJP dressed as the statue of liberty?
hope you're not one of those people that wonder why they're tired in the morning. :-D
Lost World of Wonders is the only comic shop in Wisconsin with a John Cena cardboard cutout watching over its crazy table of deals.
would you be interested in partisapating in a CV-Moderator related project? 12 of the 15 Mods have agreed...let me know -ThePoet
If you send an email to we will make sure your message is directed appropriately.
Kettle's on. Plenty of hand-wrapped and ribboned 6 packs to go filled with Portland's Best. Put a smile on someone's face with this gift.
In NYC @ Judy Garland Broadway show, made a TrainWreck look like a minor fender bender.Let's just say she veered from the yellow brick rd.
Times of testing are times of training, purification & strength building. The testing of my faith produces perseverance.
He is bearing others' blame because while many others did it, only he got the attention. Means he had no way of knowing this was
looking thru graphics to choose for my upcoming book.
Users create more content in 1 day than media does in a year.
Funny how last Friday when I started to feel sick I thought it was nothing and I would be fine the next day. Never underestimate the flu!
I'm listening to Team of Rivals from on my #iPhone. Great book about Lincoln.
#love is fuckin awesome!
I just got followed by an escort service... Have I made that many single guy tweets? Or do I just seem like a guy who has to pay for sex?
Brevity. But #optimized is crucial to success in
I don't get guys these days -.-
I hear your heart cry for love, Then you act like there's no room. Room for me, or anyone, "Don't Disturb" is all I see. - The Wanted
Thanks for participating & tweeting! RT : Great #socialmed session for #nonprofit with and Thanks!
we all wrk no play... So wats up leggo...
Whether people love you or hate you, you're still gonna shine!
See you soon! “: Right there with you! I'm so excited also!”
I wonder if being a ninja would pay well.
diss. advice: figure out when you write well and how long you can do it.
Screaming at the computer to work like a maniac... And not realizing it
Crap dude I just found out #billiondollarmovie is playing at the Belcourt at midnight!
Friday's offbeat workplace humor. Sign on Office managers door "The beatings will continue until morale improves"
Watchin belly wish dmx never fell off
I'm inspired to write a command line app to pull and post twitter messages using Perl. Never been a fan of user interfaces.
#ILovePastryBecause their clothes & shoes have some serious #EPIC #SWAG!(:
Watch the #UFC tonight at Brass Monkey West Allis or on all 8 Big Screens at #Milwaukee's newest southside spot Brass 2 at 700 East Layton!
yes<3 i cant wait im probobly gonna cry thinking its already been a yearr
"Better to live one year as a tiger, then a hundred as sheep."by Madonna Ciccone
thanks for writing a really cool blog!
In the site BlogingABDC has the highest votes, with 37% of the people voting for them as the best performance last week! :D
Have you been to Greece, ? Any tips for Athens, Santorini or Thessaloniki?
I hate presentations, they're always so time consuming
please follow me!:)
You dont Love me...you dont even know what that Is
I'm just going to close my eyes and blast Florence + the Machine on my iPod until I'm convinced this day is not happening
HAHHA. no.. I haven't even freaking STARTED my HW. hahahaha I'm screwed
I too turn to Girl Talk when I need to get shit done.
#kodm When we talk about models we are talking about several things, a technology that allows us to build and what we build.
Duly noted! Now following
The students have spoken, the only thing needed to make us perfect is
welcom to twitter! :) following you now :]
I am craving cereal!!!
lol ur the only person that would tweet somebody that doesnt use twitter! #MuchLove <3 don't forget 2 follow me! :)
The Regional Initiative Grant (RIG) panel in the Arts Operating Support (AOS) category for Region 7 will begin at 10:00 a.m.
Horrible start to a horrible day. Well at least I have my tea.
Two great wins on the road! Two more on the road and then back home February 12!
cliche? writing online dating profile and listening to celine?
Senate adjourned and will meet for pro forma sessions until Monday, April 16.
RT : who is going to find the link between racism and neanderthal DNA.. // good question!!!
the best picture
- Always buy tickets sooner than later to avoid disappointment! (This one actually went on sale back in Sept...)
Never a dull moment.
haha Hey! How are you? :D
So perhaps Bibi is simply calculating that co-opting Kadima is better than going for a potentially killing electoral blow.
you always have crazy tweets
RT: why do many co's only respond to cust yelling, blogging, tweeting, etc.?
enjoying life :-) & listening to !!! thanks so much for having her video*the look*on your web site :)
- great dinner tonight at Roberto's in Sunshine, LA. Thanks! Connect w/
waking up <yawn> sounds like the rain in LA has finally stopped.. our houses aren't meant for this stuff lol
To the new FB arrivals, welcome aboard the Drunk Train. Woo woo! I just shit my pants.
I was practicing Giant Steps
You too!
It's Kings time
S/O to Cleveland! Am I right?
Graduated from the school of debt.. learn it yourself first
Tonight's Special: 1/2 lb. Sirloin Patty, Bologna Bacon, American Cheese, Dijon, Mayo, Lettuce and Tomato on a Kaiser Roll w/ Side!
Somebody stop him!! :-) “: ...pressure that is, of playing the greatest of all time!!!!!! #wordfeud #okimdone”
you're getting the hang of it!
what's sat? I'm so outta touch. Not with myself... I touch myself a lot... Therein lies the problem. #SharingIsCaring :))
100 years from now, I wonder how 9/11/01 will be remembered.
if you say "emasculate" enough out-loud, it sounds like a word that would be used in a Sex Ed. class.
OMG!!!! What a great start to the new season of Criminal Minds! Poor Hotch! I've watched it at least 4 times already, and can't keep it out
The weather has me in a funk but all in all had a great weekend with the beautiful thanks for everything and glad ur better
I Wanna Go See "Project X"
#SometimesIWonder why the hell am I watching Wendy Williams
is that the state of television? Or just the current experience?
Swallow my words, taste my thoughts, and if it's too nasty, spit it back at me
S/o to for being my fav people of the night :)
I need to get some new followers it seems that just #porn people are following me. Help. Haha
Is having a great morning!
You can't google context
Photoshoot with none other then "The White" whom writes with light! We are going to eliminate the SF sky!
I make myself laugh. ;3
We just updated our profile on Angie's List. If you are a consumer memeber, search us by our phone numeber (414) 332-9393!
can't wait for episode 7 on Sunday!!
Tantric Satin Ties Eye Mask @ www.kandizone.com
whats good man? long time no speak how's everything?
My mom wants to just control.veryrhing in mu effing life
I smell like checkered flag and chicken
salute to the 2012 #Graduates LIVE YOUR DREAMS salute to the moms, granny's, and families supporting and behind whatever their Dreams are.
Sex is a part of nature...I just go along with it
Bored in Grand Central... Writing fake love letters and leaving them in various parts of the station.
LOVE Is like Heaven but hurts like HELL.
I'm making a power point presentation to send out to all of the recruiters! You'll definitely get it!!!!
Countdown to Full Throttle...8 days 22 hours...
I cant even look at you. When i look at you it makes it hard for me to stomach the fact i even dated you..
Tom & Jerry cartoons. Yaaaaay. :)
I Think im getting the hang of this little shit! lol #swag ;)
M haven't done laundry for ~2 months now. Breakin out the shmediums, douche-T's, shorts I never knew I had. gogogogo
I love <3
you mean the London riots or the Kelly Thomas beating? btw did you watch AC360 today?
Happy Mothers Day to my amazing Mom & to all the wonderful mothers, you are the best. Enjoy your special day!
I did Love the old one! (and was probably the only one haha) but yes, Cheers to new beginnings!
Currently geeking out to articles with titles like "Robot-assisted energy-efficient data collection from high-fidelity sensor networks."
Take up fencing.
Anyone want to buy a Mac miller ticket concert is the 25th email me at or tweet me!
American Airlines is literally playing ambient music and splashing noises throughout the plane.
chapter 8 is up:) Give Me Some Feedback !! :) Plz RT It
Drop "just" from your profile! =)
: I nearly had a car accident today were a car cut us up I'm still shaking it was crazy I could have died
Coming back to school after Thanksgiving Break is hard! I SO need a nap!!!!
Gotta love that 70s show
GoodMorningg <3! I have to go with my mom to take my brothers grandma to her doctors appointment.. Lordd help me! And on break lordd!
You know we just don't talk like we used to. I'm still waiting to go shoe shopping with & tell hi 4 me
And perhaps now, he'll find the love of a beautiful woman. RT : Delighted for Tom Brady. About time life went his way.
Every since I started working over night all my days run together
I'm going to tiny house camp! I'll be able to build a shed someday. The ultimate craft.
I'd b 4 the Pats (I like them), but Bmore has a better chance of crushing Denver, so... well, 1st we have to beat the Texans :)
Just checked your website, Awesome! Are you guys a PVP guild? What server are you on?
Tomorrow & Sunday Many Attractions, Especially Those Relying on Outdoor Weather cooperation Will Be Closed. Pls. Contact Us For More Info.
. has no idea what I went through to get those tickets.
we are still rockin' tonight! Strange Matter 10pm
Love my dad's girlfriend! And I love Ethiopian steak tartare. Now I'm buckling down and loving wine studying and wine class prepping.
any last minute requests for sides?
With smartphones netflix and YouTube where is the movie exhibition business going?
Everyday I ask myself what more could I do to get to where I want to be ....mediocrity is my biggest fear.
replay shows no travel
haha yeah he doesnt seem like he should be a rapper. he seems like the guy that would come and hook your cable up
&& keep moving by mines !
here I am! Sprint sucks in SD.
That picture you texted was COLD BLOODED. I cannot wait to hear about your talk, travel safely, lovelovelove you)
It will be so much fun, watching you cry on election night, when O is re-elected and the House goes Dem!
boys are the grossest! Prove it with science! Grants ahoy?!
Jessica isn't here yet, so I'm not sure. We'll let ya know!
Someday your prince will come. Mine took a wrong turn and is too stubborn to ask for directions. ~ Anonymous
We're gettin' there...
what will happen to traditional retail? PAR Technology Announces the Release of PAR EverServ® PixelPoint® V11 POS Software NEW HARTFORD
Bellefonte Residents Can't Predict What Tuesday Will Bring - State College News
The key to materialization is the realization that inspiration and visualization require activation and perspiration.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY #ADELE!!!!!! :D
hey trick calm yourself haha :P
I'm sure 12 techs is a NBA record for a series
Wearing white on a rainy day is not a good idea -_-.
but you can't! it's not your decision. God choses when that happens.
Open Book: Stray Love, by Kyo Maclear - National Post
No soccer game, so sure. Ill ask my momma later
I'm so there. I miss all of you!!
At running lean seminar incubator and it's 1/2 men 1/2 women. Changed ratio! #changetheratio Speaker is tie breaker
Simple lust, Trevor ~~
Happiest of birthdays!
#"Fuck what you heard"
If I lived in LA or in Mexico, I could understand it. But I live in Costa Rica.
did u get the one I txt u? I refuse to put that one up
you can connect with 4 more info
What is it that you have on the shoulder of your shirt on BL? It looks like staples.
FREE Shipwreck Shots tonight at midnight. Great spot to watch the fireworks. HAPPY NEW YEAR FROM FRANKIE'S TIKI ROOM
Buying or selling a home?? Give me a call and I can help you!!! I am a real estate agent with First Weber!!
Send me link to one of their songs
Passion Play All Day goes something like this
you haven't mentioned the Fan Fest that starts at 11am Heinz Field. What time is DeCastro appearing ???
Scott Brown is either a military colonel or a senator take your pick because both is a clear conflict of interest
It aggravates me to see hi top fades..
I should have brought a flask
Lots and lots of support, appreciated everyone who came out tonight. Thankful for all the family I have too, didnt realize there was so many
The stuff i've been too busy for gets done today, starting with sleep. Now.
Nicely done guys! RT enthusiastically signs extension with for the next 25% of his life. Yeah, Seanny! bit.ly/cXWyX7
oh wow! ... Hey, if it happens, to God be the glory; if doesn't, to God be the glory....you'll be OK!
thanks doll <3
RT : So do you have a exciting, new fridge?! Yep. Pretty much like the old one, except cleaner. :-)
but my godfather coming home from the hospital <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> Thank God!!!
"Craft is King, Bro" (actually it's more like "bra" when says it) 's take on the industry in COP OUT
Great idea! Hubby & I gave up meat for Lent last year and never went back! By the end of Lent, we were eating vegan.
These twitter mfers trip me out.. They clever .. Not wise .. Big difference
Not vry familiar w/prep schools, but pretty familiar w/jucos&who I wud recommend Sum great teachers juco level
It's amazing listening to play 'Mitt' on tonight's #CPTA webinar! #priceless He was on message though...
Thanks for the #ICBD tweets/retweets yesterday. Hope you celebrated reading!
I'm down! it was good to go back..
Small world :)
nope he lives in Tennessee
um yum!
thanks for the recommendation! but guess what, I was on a ten day trek through yosemite forest when your friend called! :(
'reckless & tortured'
tell them they can't afford it, its too expensive.
what do you need help with?
Today is an early release day for elem & middle schools. Elem gets out at 11:45 am and middle gets out at 12:30 pm.
Unfortunately herbie that missed PAT is also on les miles playsheet
Good. I might get to see him on Monday. Hopefully I'm going to go to his grauation. It's weird haven't seen him in forever.
I really enjoy days like this with and
Just tapped the Snarling Badger...finally! Wow is that interesting!
Hair will fall out faster on a person that is on a crash diet
haha I had to go home and get something and now I'm racing to get back in time for 5th
I love so freaking much. :)
#IHaveNoRespectForYou if you have no respect for . <U+E402>
I told you! they brainwashed me! Until november I literally wore all black, white, and grey. Sometimes blue. Brainwashed!
#ThurgoodMemories when our school was on lockdown twice in one week, for two separate shootings .
Be sure to let someone know how much they matter to you today. #WhoYouAreMakesADifference Happy Friday.
That'd make a righteous tattoo. Or, at the very least, a t-shirt. I'd buy one.
don't blah blah blah me lol it's true! and yes u do for sure!!!!!!
Just evacuated - building was shaking. 10th Floor.
I don't mind it, really, but now working full time, I can't find the time to study or read. It's killing me!
New on tCR: a review of Homero Aridjis' Solar Poems, essential poetry for your summer and lifetime. Now at www.thecurrentreader.com
#bestprankever called friend using Arnold switchboard. Got upset and repeatedly asked who he was talking to. Response: I'm a cop you idiot!
foreclosed that last year
DAHTS RITE. EVERYBODY SEE I is 's "nigga"
I think it's time for Doug Melvin to walk around the neighborhood with the garage sale signs
I know;)
I need a fade. S/O to The Cut in Portage Park.
# partnered w 'No Kill' groups n got six dogs adopted2day @ monthly Ranger Creek Brewing open house. Happy day.
"Why not touch God with your acting??" --Luis Alfaro
just beer :-)
very sad.
Idaho Man Gets Jail Time For Faking Motorcycle Mishap - Insurance Journal
Boxing: Klitschko defends WBC crown amid drama. www.tncnews.com
Titanic 2 is crazy!
Lawrd knows i dnt feel like doing NOTHING !!
Sure they have choice. Take #OccupyDC today. NPS didnt have to come there today. Questions of responsibility in authorities vs.
ABDC tomorrow. Getting my bathing suit ready to swim in the ocean of my tears.
Games scheduled to resume in Murfreesboro @ 2p. More rain likely later this afternoon.
says the girl who didn't even attempt the last one.
Your replies make it feel like you don’t want to talk to me.
Alas, men aren't too interested yet. Perhaps they should promote it as a benefit: "Flirt & spit, it's the best you'll git!"
there seems to be a big pile of work on my desk.
The most interesting man in the world can #staythirsty without having to spank... the ground... in public
Rajon Rondo has been a beast on the boards in this quarter... this game too
I loved Rainbow Brite! I think I still have a couple VHS tapes of the show!
I thought it was only 110 comps, but thts becuz they have there own employee health insurance coverage
When your actions effect so much more
Chad did you see what he just said? You should be like him... NICE!
He funny as hell badabadabada lol
How did you decide on posterous?
I'm soo sleepy but off to school <U+E40E>
crispy fried chicken, savory turnip greens & stewed black eyed peas w/ tomatoes...tasty, traditional new year's day SOUL FOOD!
taping for one tree hill auditions !!!
Have you seen the prices? Us folks in TV news don't bring home enough bacon.
Fuck you, education.
Even though the party may be over on Indiegogo, you can still get updates about the project by liking us on Facebook...
another lazy day much work done this week defiantly need to chill... But had a quick hit with tennis today,, Nice!!!
"who is that, i think its buck, OMG ITS BUCK ITS BUCK OMG OMG OMG!!!" *shakes w/ pure fangirlness* haha #fondorable <3
united - ajax now making me remember how stacked that 1995 ajax team was... vds, davids, seedorf, kluivert, george, overmars, rijkaard, etc.
Oh that's horseshit
i cannot stop eating the Doritos locos tacos. I have had 8 in the last 24 hours.
how did the thing go last night?
I made sure I downloaded BTR music for my 5k walk this Saturday!!!!
a 4 hour 9 inning game...this is why everybody outside of new england hates the red sox.
"Vintage Trouble" is crushing it at Cosmopolitan Las Vegas! Lounge was empty. 2 songs in 200+ and growing by minute.
so emo right now
I'm about to step outta the boat on faith the size of a mustard seed to see if I can walk on water! Pray for me!
I think every now and then I'm entitled to a day where I just love money.
not until now! I'm -barf- loving the stroller friendly Hermes!
Someone has to watch out for the night life
Up n ready fo today n im hurngry eggs n bacon bagle
When in doubt... just LOVE
my company today >>
Very cute!
“: Robinson Cano puts on an amazing show and wins 2011 MLB Home Run Derby. Awesome stuff.” one of best swings in
That nervous feeling you get when you talk to someone you really like on the phone the first time.
Lemme turn this good piece of phone off.
Princess Diaries :)
whats your favorite paranormal activity movie??
#TwitterThursdays starting April 12th presented by w/ Tha Partyboyz live in concert & The OFFICIAL Twerk Team April 19th!
Agreed RT not sure which implosion is more enjoyable: and the Heat in the playoffs or the Eagles..still the HEAT
Boobies Everywhere - Bruno does anyone have a link to this??? 2 download??
I need some incredibly insane live music soon. It's been too long. Thank goodness Racebannon is just around the corner.
That sucks...Hurts your credit rating...showing you don't have that much credit available anymore...
You really love me!
that it so ture
That is what history would say.
Hi Willie!!! I heard you and dad had a great time in Vegas. You need to come out to Idaho and fish with us :) love to see u
Thx so much for wonderful dinner & the chance to see #AWESOME!
I #write because I must, not because someone else allows me.
Do we not all agree to call rapid thought and noble impulse by the name of inspiration? -George Eliot
I wonder if you even noticed that one of the greatest MCs has just passed away.. Show respect for my man MCA ? Please..
It's getting to the point that you're really bugging me!
Oh wow just wow... Ok well.. Your just jealous of my mockingjay whistle.
stay blessed...? if you could get away for a few where would you go? i need a vacation like yesterday...!
holy crap! What did that run you!?
Breathe. Release the tension. See past what you feel is the horizon: for that is the entrance way to a whole other world.
Instructors: Do you find yourself teaching in a non-equipped classroom? Feel frustrated? Our Seminar Series is happening Monday to help you!
TSA needs Uncle Sams Club card RT I pour 82 credit cards on the table...TSA screener says-"But do you have a Sam's Club card?"
DC! SAVE-THE-DATE: JUNE 21 "Master Class" w/ for church & community choirs! Learn how to pull the best out of your choir!!
Sorry Twitter Followers, but we have decided to no longer post onto this site. See our facebook page (Black Creek Bistro) for specials! Thx
Go follow like legit! His post are amazing!
bruh fuck this shit i dnt want to hear it from nobody
Yea let's do it. That Sparti's is quality, but I only went once with Behrens and need to go back
who u think won?
Just in case you thought they go on your cheeks. They don't. #conceptstairs cc
I see Tim hitting on every freshman at our school lmao
Really hyper and need to burn of some steam
RT " have your #hackcomicbingo tweets cost you any followers yet? If not, it's about to..."don't care if they do.
no but I want to go!
RT "2 types of ppl; energy takers & energy givers. U need 2 be an energy giver n associate with energy givers 2 be successful."
RT : #highered should never use stock images of people. Never, ever. True or False and why?
that is a gr8 idea for trainers..someone says QUIT..wash their mouth out with SOAP!!
“: The two of you guys ripped it up. Awesome job.” thanks man
You can have a few after the combine! RT : Is it a fatboy thing that i got chills from lookin at these rack of ribs pass me"
It is useless for the sheep to pass resolutions in favor of vegetarianism, while the wolf remains of a different opinion -William Ralph Inge
Awesome thanks for the love!
Pikeville is now hosting the national championship trophy and Appalachian Wireless will have the iPhone 4s on April 20. Exciting times!
Thanks 4 choosing us to celebrate this exciting day!RT:": I'm doing my 30th birthday with you guys...in May! = )”
yo tweeps: holler at me if you've been to barcelona and know a nice, cheek-approved place to stay, near places to play.
RIP Levon Helm. You were a great inspiration and a fantastic performer.
hello young one.
Seriously, the cat has yet to be let out of the bag.
First day at SMC did not go quite as planned... When people said parking was a nightmare I didn't realize it was actually literal hell...
That's what I thought :P
yay :D I hope that's soon
literally going to stab him in the dick
shut up
bitch, you know you love this life.
Hey , You Talking Bout Me ? Lmfao , ": Yemisi Trying Say he Fucked my bitch WHOLE TIME He can't handle her PHAT Butt :P"
The greatest achievement was at first and for a time a dream. The oak sleeps in the acorn; the bird waits in the James Allen
I found God/ On the corner of First and Amistad ... Smoking his last cigarette/I said, “Where you been?”/He said, “Ask anything.”
u have school on pres day??
My mom told me she met you!! Said you were pretty and charming!
10 mile race tomorrow and dress shopping ? Count me in ;)
I am an american girl with one dream, for you too follow me.
i've been on hold for over 30 minutes....please pick up
I miss you so much. I don't know what to do.
what is Info list?
Looking for fundraising opportunities... Who do you know that needs to raise some money? Contact me to find out about my personal Fundrais…
Took care of Dana al day, now doing hours worth of billing for her & working.
Work tomorrow, need a good night sleep. See you all tomorrow. :)
yeah you are
How was that not leading with the helmet when Harper sacked Smith? Just like you said. It's all BS.
"Please, please don't pretend that you give a shit"
just saw some scene/Hipster kid spaz out in from of my apartment with ear buds and he was windmilling. Thought of you.
Do you still have them though? LOL
Do you still get diverse viewpoints?
his rotations are horrible!
happy saturday to you!
I still think about you every now and then, but only when it rains.
happy birthday tommy
WORKING OUT AT CONTENDERS WITH , , and #cwa4life <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
loved your piece in the isthmus on 50 days - i am totally with you. life changing.
BTW....HEY EVERYBODY! It's been since forever that I've been on twitter. Miss you guys! :-(
Carpet Shampoo Online: BISSELL Little Green Multi-Purpose ...
Rep Mike Michaud had to choose: accepting award for supporting #military families tonight or be on stage w Lady Gaga. Crowd roars
accident 676 westbound, police paramedics on scene, traffic getting by on shoulder
Why the hell are we playing on a four foot stage??? Someone is going to break a leg!
kinda scared to eat at that asain gourmet place.... Lol
This game is an illustration of how the 3-point shot can neutralize a game. Kentucky is dominating yet UT is still in the game due to 3s.
the journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step=Lao Tzu
haha Spanish was fun... Wonder what Ryales will say when we don't turn in our work.
Makes me realize how much I love baseball..
Holy shit if u haven't seen this hologram of tupac with snoop at coachella last night u need to check it out. Fuckinh crazy
Got my iPad & boots, but wasn't truly content until I got this !!! Merry Christmas
ME is the most amazing gaming experience for me EVER, but its conclusion and the madness surrounding further enthusiasm hard.
"spectate" is one way too put it :P
thanks! It was a really great time with some REALLY smart people!
you owe me the 2 hours of my hawaiian vacation currently being spent standing in lax waiting for a new plane.
I sure hope not! I always yell Eureka!
Plaintiffs arguing mayors hostility is not permissible reason for government action.
hmm what yes i'm okay just sick.
Day dreaming
What is the importance of micro-finance in US foreign policy?
"I've has better hot dogs." straight face.
its ok i no u love it bc u have us
Gym time
Congrats Alice in Wonderland for Best Art Direction! And Inception for best Cinematography! Live at the Oscars! Wow!
We hope you visit us at The Social Space today!
NM Book Coop: "We've had a bunch of emails recently on ebooks not selling...with a million ebooks out, buyers must be driven to your book"
Colorado Rockies: The Seinfeld logo of Major League Baseball.
What are the consequences of believing you can't write?
neither can brad
Empty Room
turn around homies!!! They well take y'all and trade y'all for chiqulets!!! Hahaha
We are going beta in 5 days. Invites will be sent out soon. Make sure you have your name on the list because its first come first invite.
This year, Spring Fling's "nerdy, white-people music"opening act is Passion Pit. Are they any good?
if there is one it will be awesome as allways
#SometimesIJustWant you to want me too
yeah! When we just made these accs we got SPAMMED!!
All my childhood feelings came back tonight when Daniel Russo danced! Not going to lie....I voted for him!
Great meeting you Prerna!! Lets have that conversation about education sometime in the next few weeks. I'll be at UMd all summer
sorry pollack, staying in tonight....fa cup and 6:30 am and I have a soccer game in chi.
That's ur mistake, U need to be nerdy NOT cool! ;) “: I hope to someday be cool enough for too.”
hey Zack. I'm proud of you. You made it. It's only you and Shealeigh left. I know you will win. Good luck!! -A.L
I'll meet y'all there.
Are you coming to karaoke tonight? You should. It's what the cool kids do.
let's get a few Grammy's... Yea I said it a few GRAMMY'S...
I love everyone. You are all beautiful. :) just sayin.
RT : This Labor Day weekend the Cleveland National Air Show will be at Burke Lakefront Airport. From Sept. 4th thru 6th
Forgot the year. 1971.
Ok Insanity kicked my butt tonight! I can't wait to start to see results.
because you're hilarious!
Work is work. No matter where u go
Oh, okayy.. THIS REMINDS ME OF MY STUPID EIGHTH HOUR.
See you when I see you
Get outside if you can today. Sunny and close to 80 degrees = PERFECT, in my book!
The RHCT only deals with Redhat, I did install Fedora on my computer for testing, which is where they pull most of their stuff.
my nails are so cute :).
haha I'm down
Wasted a lot of time driving to the Grand Canyon Skywalk! Road from Vegas.... BEWARE!!!
Heather is the best kind of rich. She seems to have no clue her needs and wants are are just that and not necessity. I love her!!
Ur not even worth the $2,500.00 signing bonus u got. I am embarrassed for u and ur family. Broke & miserable fans wont forget!
Starting watching Workaholics last night, it is entirely possibly that this is the most hilarious show, ever.
understandable lol ;-) will just have to understand ;-)
I don't mean find out what people are posting privately, but how people share on SM outside official museum sites/handles/pages
he is so busy, lameduck,taxcuts,stitches on the lips,N korea,wikileaks,dreamact,etc
#TheWorstFeeling ever is when you forget where you put your phone
And goodnight! Hard day of doing nothing behind me.
Getting Sleepy. Can't hold my eyes open. My head fits perfectly on my honey's chest. He is my favorite pillow. Will miss him tonight.
My Mom always has excuses for not going to church but always forcing me to go . SMH
Happy Mother's Day to all moms out there. Now let's get down to business. #SurvivalSunday #MUFC (throwing in some hashtag love for #QPR too)
should be toast considering the fact that #JPM has screwed up and #Mitt would lessen regulations even further.
as you consider willpower, look at MN author Nick Tasler on impulse/impulsiveness. www.nicktasler.com Love your show.
Today's #RecordStoreDay exclusives = yesterday's marginalia and CD bonus tracks, e.g.:
Finally, the weather report was right...happy sunny Monday!
Im Mikey, I ROCK !
For leaving her by herself
Snooki's tanning lotion is bomb!!
From Brown to Green and Everything In Between | The thrifty guide for a nifty garden
that's because I am awesome, duh.
Natalie Grant and Lacrae! OMG! THAT WAS HOT!
R.I.P Joe Frazier.
I love youu too. Babyy. *I Love Aaron*
Ashlee's is purple :]
glad to know that!! Now we don't have to call the doctor...um anything for nosebleeds?? Lol
haha that's the plan! :P
Wanted: Kindle Direct Publishing or E Book Publisher that needs a BIG spike in interest. #IHaveAnIdea! Buyers,Writers,Readers,Movies,$$ 1912
Why does the post office always have the longest lines? They are laying people off but they clearly need more workers!
I just want to be there for you. But I'm too scared to text you. Too scared of the chance if rejection.
RT : N. Carolina should not ban gay marriage: The church can't possibly absorb all the single gay men joining the clergy
"In the future you are strong, in the past you were weak. It was within that gap that made you realize what you had to do to move on"
Two checks cashed ready for shopping in the city friday :)
alright now, you picked up a shift! Let's not rub it in!
Burritos are a blast! hope that tooth feels better!
Sometimes skulls are thick sometimes hearts are vacant sometimes words just don't work.
I fake happiness about 85% of the time
Thriller's on the radio! God I love this song <333
Keep reading... :)
totally agree B4 DRose got hurt I thought the bulls had a shot but now no doubt in my mind the west wins
Thanks, Jeff! RT : you got my vote pal
Go Cubs GO!
Can't concentrate for shit.
OMG is following us! I guess he read my note!
Saying goodbye to my 10 year old WIn XP desktop PC. Still trucking along. Off to the ethical recycling pc heaven.
Thanks for all the memories, spring break. Hello, bright-eyed students early tomorrow morning.....
Drop by the Athenæum after work tonight; we are now open until 8pm on Tuesday evenings to improve member access.
Here to cheer
Woohoo just bought a new car!!! I'm so excited!!!!
Game Day Tomorrow! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080> #Game1 #Round2 Spurs Vs. Clippers ^-^
My right eye just failed this eye exam. Oy.
Privilege to hear you speak again sir. Great insight/foresight! Wishing you safe travels home. Keep in touch.
NEW REPORT: "#Remediation: Higher Ed's Bridge to Nowhere"
As you become a man: Hoes should become a thing of the (Past)... As you find a wifey to begin your (Future)...
your Roomie is always here for you <3 when ever you need me (:
I'm wondering if I can survive on just Diet Coke? :)
Ildarka, happy birthday! wish you great time and all the best!
Quitting is not an option when you realize you were built to succeed
RT " #Packers Pro Bowl safety nick Collins has a doctor appointment late next week to have his neck reexamined" good luck to
tell drose 2 pls not blame hisself! Tell him we luv him & wht matters is health cause y'all got ths! Y'all winners
#Its2012WhyYouStill Checking yo Myspace? Matter fact .... WHY do you remember your email & password?
Arsene out. Pep in. Wouldn't be mad at that. RT : Wonder if Pep Guardiola likes North London?
Do you know what it's like to feel miserable for months straight? Physically, not mentally.
#Friday the 13th tomorrow. Tell me you haven't thought about it.
You already know that's going to be, lol.
Join us January 28th from 5:30 - 8:00 pm at Lily's Seafood for the next CAM Connect. Great networking opportunity. Details at www.cam-online
ooh- nice gear! I wish you much happiness!
no problem !
Thanks for the shout out!
that first half defense for Pacers is good despite their flaws- interesting game !
We had fun! Thanks for meeting up with us! Have fun this weekend.
When you repeat a word multiple times >>><<<><<><<>> it sounds weird after awhile.
i think a good pet name for an anteater is Rascal
Family, Baby, Party, Wedding, Engagement, Maternity, New Job, First Car, Last Day at work, Graduation, !st day of school. Tick Tock photo.
Don't be surprised if you hear some thunder and see hail today. Andy has the full forecast on Good Day Oregon.
Don't matter how much you change you still have to pay the price for what you done .
My niece is Tina Dimitrijevs. Check the Akron volleyball website if you want to see a pic of her. (she has a boyfriend) lol
I've just seen a mullet that has upset me. Is there an online resource for mullet anxiety.
y'all niggas don't be tellin me shit
Leaving the contiguous States for Hawaii, where May Day is Lei Day! (For the rhyme and the flowers, not lack of solidarity with labor.)
There is a message for you from me and Elsa on your Facebook.....:)
Guys that drive stick>>
how can I get one??
6 more weeks of winter. Phil said "Many shadows do I see."
Happy Thanksgiving everybody!
Does tyhe D.A.R.E. program work? How would you change it?
easy ways to get at fit, how do you apply, can you connect in a way that "fits", can you identify your fit and explain
#cheapeats RT Special: $6.50 "Tavern Lunch" Bar Cheese Burger & a pint of Trumer Pils (toppings extra) Manager Brew Special $2
TEXAS :D
Get ya life Deshaun .. Goodbye !
please just make my life right now and notice me !
The waiting (for project approval) is the hardest part.
Love to see some chefs getting in the mix
Nf Follow me Back ( =
I hope you are right! As O'Colly sports alum, love what you are doing there! Much respect.
DO YOURSELF A FAVOR: 1) get in your car 2) roll down the windows 3) play some sublime 4) drive
All my pleasure! xo
Damn so close
": My favorite old people saying: Billy Badass" haha did josh tell you that?
lol it doesn't really matter
we all know u gud at that
I hate toes..
We're having our volunteers paint the Family Success Center King Village! Volunteerism is great! Partner with us today!
spent 72 hours in the "vessel" prior to her performance of "Born This Way" At the Grammys.
apparently twitter doesn't like stalker talk.for some reason i am no longer following u. request sent AGAIN
legendary murderer
Martin Luther~ Earth has nothing more tender than a womans heart when it is the abode of piety.
just finished a run; the lungs didn't care for the humidity and the right calf is pretty pissed
Maybe I can bring them over from the "dark side" :-) RT : oh no! yuck
At the dentist: Apparently JJ cries when he gets shots, but Joe laughs at at the doctor.
got cam working. doing a free show for jackjagger.com members thurs night 8/18 10:30 pm est. want to see me solo, or me and drake together?
Damn this week was strange. "The storm has passed and the future looks bright indeed!"
Class of 2011'
RT : "I love sleeping with my socks on!" I do this every night...
You're nuts! You better turn on every light in the house.
Wish I could've been in a better mood. Had a nice night though:-)
Hey , anything cool going on around campus today? Looking 4 feature pics 4 tomorrows paper. Thanks!
I can see that with Heathers. I mean, "I love my dead gay son..." has to be one of my favorite lines of all times.
The boys at Jeca need to get down with the brown #WeGetsNoLove lmao
just got word that my xbox is on it's way back.
Meeting with NY City Council at 10am
I don't know why people bash on the cheerleaders who tweet about worlds this week?
I feel bad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
How'd u make out w/ tix I have an xtra 3 day pass for AC, and an extra for Burgettstown
Demetria Vineyards could not be resisted en route home.2008 Cuvee Constantine savored as finale!
My -esque vendor poll at All-Star (arena, off-site), the best selling jerseys: 1) Kobe (wide margin) 2) Rose 3) Howard 4) KD
So proud! I don't have to leave the room anytime I see the Ubisoft logo pop up on the TV
you mean the world to mahomies <3
Crazy statistic of the day: Jet fuel is $3.16 per gallon today, up from 78 cents per gallon in 2000.
It would start raining fifteen minutes before my bio lab field trip to the forest
Thank you for your support! RT : Follow and get inexpensive deals for golf in the Indianapolis area!
RIP Dick Clark
Kinda gloomy outside : /
Bingo! Can you beleive it? Biggest douche of the night RT A FUCKING GLASS SLIPPER????
anyone know if Ye Olde Kings Head is showing ALL 6 nations games???
Thanks for the follow!
how about "you rock, rock"
Amen RT : As a #Cancer You lose power when you're: not getting enough "Me" time to center yourself.
Weird pick.
That's good news all around...now those of you who were stalling for a good haircut, let me help you look beautiful!
what u wearn for shoes tonigh bro?
shall we all meet in the middle? Say, DC?
that sounds like preparation for the end of the world. lol RT : Eat all you can
Happy Thursday
Travel to the far regions of Cambodia and minister to kids!
I love to drive my car
Tanning on my lunch break was prob not my best idea..
Glad Delilah got hope to Ohio. So glad we could help get get there
Poppin' bottles in the ice. Like a blizzard. When we drink we do it right, getting slizzard. ;D Feeling so fly like a G6 X3
Orioles' trends: Homerun or strikeout
And to think there are children that dont have clothes. I guess it's just the fabric from which your cut.
don't follow the man, follow the idea.
Things are looking up.
To share your thoughts IS to engage. Pse don't stop...
How do you know your team is ready?! Uh, when they win the game??
Blood Sweat and Tears
You're welcome.
It's amazin what bio freeze fixes on tournament weekends.
Harper who?
So my friend Tyler leaves tomorrow for basic for the Marines... :/
did you read part about bumper to bumper? ;) lol but you are right!
man Dats a bad ass pic OMG!
wow its been too long since i've been on here! whats up #packernation?
Eh...idk yet. I'm trying to transition towards the business aspect of music.
Food & Liquor 2.
whats your view on controlling dht and estrogen..acne issues...
Get some rest! Proud of you.
or does that sound too much like you'll be studying digital objects and activities
Words with friends?:)
Daniel talking about "Street Level Democracy" and how community can make a difference
Fun fact: most of this year's college freshmen were 4 years old when Titanic came out.
I love saying " What island are you from" to all my Australian friends
Mhm bc I am mad over a dress. It's a fucking dress. You might want your business on here but I don't so bye lol
You are going to SAN DIEGO on Wednesday!
You are most welcome! Enjoy your blog a lot. Always good to hear what colleagues are saying and you always have good info!
i'm glad you liked it!
lol tell me something I don't know
That akward moment when you hear yourself eating crunchy food and wonder if other people can hear me.
Any of you good in Accounting??? I need help, desperately <U+2639>
The best way to create better Mac app is to think in uncommon way and work hard.
me!(: do excited!
Thank you Paul. Let us know what you think.
lol silent lunch a bitch
Guys who are skinnier than me..
I already saw it though :(
thanks for the support brotha! Big things are definitely coming
I'm constantly mistaken for Ulysses S. Grant: sweet beard, sweet drinking problem...
She Wants Revenge is really starting to creep me out. They're like the soundtrack to my life.
Ive literally ate my weight and then some todayy!!
Happy Holidays from our family to yours!
"Where are the jobs?" references (from both parties) in the Congressional Record between '09-'12: 357. Between '05-'08: 3.
How can I get #ChrisMarsh to do the costumes for our concert?
it is down for me.
Santa Ana winds have nothing on EP Salonen conducting dress rehearsal of Shostokovich's stunning 4th. Peter Sellars' Orango"!!
good pic!! but i can NEVER be replaced!! even at bonnaroo!
Terran Petteway has transferred from Texas Tech to Nebraska (Big 10).
Cool The Acqualina Resort &Spa in Miami is Pet-Friendly...... Hm
that's not how you get a follow from me.
ah, yay!! so stoked for this!
HERE WE GO @ PLAYHOUSE!!!!!
RT : Thanks again to all of those who made it to our Youth Football Fundraiser! Pictures are now up for you to view here:...
Watching Worlds on my phone...
how many TD's you running back for this year...or INTs
Great meeting ! Be sure to get your cat training prices locked down! They will soon rise!
Reds may not be my team but damn it's hard not to be a Votto fan after tonight.
Twilight's Monday Drink Special: Strawberry Margaritas while supplies last!!!
same but he + his uber talented new band will be on tour later this year
Whole foods is so great!
I aim for a set of 10, it just never happens that way.
ASCII or EBCDIC
New coupons posting daily on twitter and Facebook starting in December!
&& if he doesn't give me my phone back tomorrow, a choking WILL occur
Most definitely :) “ Good morning!!! Make the best of today”
I figured it time I showed everyone how cool I really am :P ranked 10 on a scale of 0-100 :E
On Vernal Equinox, March 21, due to location of sun/moon...eggs are reported to be able to stand on their end all by themselves!
You live
walkin around after gettin off a treadmill is the weirdest feeling
God grant me the Serenity to accept the things I can not change... Courage to change the things I can and Wisdom to know the difference.
gentlemen...sasha grey. yea or nay?
It’s important to actually remember you chose to be here; every day you choose to be here.
Didn't know finding adult dance classes would be this hard.I just want to bust a sober move on a floor that isn't covered in beer.Sometimes.
they actually changed it to 7.6 seconds...but yeah, this series should've been over before game 7
I want a bacon tree.
Desire is the starting point 4 all achievement not a hope not a wish, a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything #Napoleon Hill
Great tips
#IAlwaysWonderIf I will ever reconnect with my dad?
During your runs, concentrate on taking deep breaths and expanding your belly when you breathe to help with side-aches.
Follow back please? =)
um it's my birthday night so....
Life's deepest meaning is not found in accomplishments but in relationships
I wish I had aderol just for today
i call it a clicker ... everyone else calls it a remote control i swear , hahahaha.
he's other handed
I guess it is a lot more difficult then I thought
-- Sent you a couple back.... DM
#What2ChainzWouldSay I told her that I liked her legs better if they were separate
Sorry for a slow response. My twitter is slow. Yeah its part of it but it's better to say it directly.
Don't know if they're moms, but these are worth follows :)
No matter what happens, win or lose I'm Proud of my Golden Bulls!
Alrighty then! I'll be waiting! ask for Brandy. aha.
#SmackDown come on John Morrison!!
Missing Thu + Fri and driving 7 hours to see tomorrow...
Happy Columbus day! www,joborworker.com
Osu really impressive. How can UL be ranked up there?
My dawg it do
Lessons to learn from #NickiMinaj's Twitter Break: Life still exists outside of Twitter, Always Expect the Unexpected & Nicki will be fine
Ah ok hi then:)
I'm SO Tired!!! Lol
did you knock out another mother fucker over getting coffee again? LOL
where you moving to ?
I'm trying to imagine you with a personality.
"Vlad" I believe, it was somewhat dry. I watched it on the history channel many years ago
lol I only liked when the gay guy was doing the single ladies
oh cool what's going on tomorrow
Feels like I haven't eaten today but all I have done is eat...
My Glorious Day: 1. Woke up 2. Ate some grub 3. Took a very hot shower (no pervs) 4. Did my hair (challenge) 5. Laid back down. Thats it.
whoa! massive swarm of bees right outside the garage. not sure whats going on. closing windows though.
Apologies on not being able to make it to panel today, hopefully would see it soon on Yuri Studio soon. ^_^
big ass kid
ah spring.
I like it when Google Chrome goes: "Aw, Snap!"
Twitter needs to get rid of the following limit.
looks good!!
nice, lets chat abt text & data
I've decided to renew with the for next year. Just working out the details
Thanks Alot Everyone.. now I Cnt Go on as Dammit!!
We hope you got your pot roast sandwich, honey. xo
Ahh yes. And one day I will actually read those too...
Vodka shots to the eye, thing of the past. Jaeger taint shots!!!! woohoo thanks Stephen Colbert
if you ever make a movie about ur life.. look us up because we have been told by many that we look like a young bruno mars :)
yes, I'm not a complete idiot :-) the problem is the data sets are pretty damn big at this point
foot fetishes are so disgusting
At this moment I have 666 twitter followers... what are they trying to tell me?
Go hard or go home.
You gotta love XIB
bumz all day... you to 2 b clear lol. I was bored all day
My flvs teacher seriously never picks up the phone
Turn it all the way up YO!! Wish I was there!
in that case, I will just come to you guys. Monday afternoon 2pm ?
What is your dance party? - Andrew and Lorie Mackenzie.
#emerge2012asu Sasha Barab: scholarship is necessary but not sufficient for impact.
What have I done?
Petigru chuckled. "The newspapers know of your arrival. Word will spread. That will inflame passion. Tell Mr. Lincoln war is inevitable."
Now following you. MI in the HIZZY.
don't be hatin on us not musically talented peeps. i like that i can play green day. #rude. and i miss you, youz da best.
So sorry that I never got to see you perform.
any election year content coming? Too many people don't know what they are talking about (cap gains vs ordinary income).
So #seattle donors, how many #GiveBIG requests have hit your inbox? Stay tuned for the top five reasons we should make your list...really.
You couldn't handle me even if I came with instructions.
yeah you are!
yep! I was only 19 when I started in
At to watch some great old Fleischer cartoons courtesy of
Lol @ taxi cab confessions
Songs are so much better when you haven`t listened to them in a long time.
I sure love Mixolydian mode...
I was sleeping good before she woke me up he'll shuda just stayed da night lol
Get Lei'd this Saturday night with at Trapeze Ft Lauderdale!
Purple Shirt for Purple Friday. New Tommy Bahama purple zip knits have just arrived! GO RAVENS!
SAME HEREE! :D
Top Gun Bomber Jacket Costume
RT I think of myself as somebody who from an early age knew I was responsible for myself, & I had to make good. -Oprah- Agreed
YOU are that good, but I'm not believing the whole class is.
Need a good bike fitting. Prefer someone with phys therapy background. Any thoughts?
At the improv in Addison waiting so see Jake Johannsen
Thanks because of you guys I find myself talking like the Uncos at least 4x a day!
if you need someone to talk packers on your radio show, let me know
ive had just about enough of these damn chevy volt commercials...
#PrettyLittleLiars = the only good thing about Mondays.
Yup. Sure. : Remember this guy? Mark Lenzi, Olympic diving gold medalist, dead at 43
Oh yes!!! Definitely!! Workers came and the power was OFF!!!! Had to scramble. It should all be worked out by now. Whew!!
Don't just be with someone because you can't stand the thought of them being with someone else. That's selfish!
What would a mashup of the entomological society's data with the world religion's data (ATLA) look like? Fun side-bar convo.
How do take out 4 mailboxes and drive thru a house? Gooosein it
Hi Kathy! How r we on this fine evening? ;-)
I just couldn't do it with their run defense and those last two stops. You can argue F to be sure!
You can show stats and all the history you want. But there is a first for everything and nothing is over until that final buzzer.
That's so sad to hear. I hope none of your friends or relatives were affected.
#Cancer is most likely to bring their mother to an awards ceremony. Waterworks are common & some of the most impassioned speeches--Tom Hank
Just got home from having a walk at a park near Regan Airport. Love my bf.
We Heard All That Sad Shit Before, It's All Cheesy Now....
yes!!!!!!! I can't wait for that smut to start up again!
ohmygosh! What happened to that kid?
Drinking a Edward. Simply phenomenal. Best APA I've had.
When or has a problem with someone, I'll have a problem with them too. #bestfriends #gotyourback #loveyoutwo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
dang, six and a half hours :)
Thanks, Sara!
sad because I had to take the stupid car back to campus instead of my truck.
miss you so much I'm probably coming to church on Sunday!
Sorry we missed you. :( Yea, there's another down the street, but hope to see you @ ADAMS and Dearborn next month!
"tax codes don't raise taxes, politicians do!" - Cain - oh snap!
When you look at a baby and they just stare at you.....lol
Rome is leaving ESPN? Can't say I care, but good luck Jim.
captain america :) no rise of the apes today haha
fuck boy who needs them
Oh my Gosh!!! Amazing news. Haven't been this happy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>in a long time. Tears of joy :)
did u all win?
sounds like UIUC will have a pubcamp in Sept to (cc )
Whats up KING OF MEMPHIS #Grade A
&&why is that?
Hates it when your phone charger gets tagnled around ur neck at night and you wake up and find out ur phone is tryna kill you : l thanks ...
making a joke at unnecessary times..
Thanks for the condolences and good wishes, i'm okay. -Carson
well you are very god to me you deserve to know <3 :)))
you poor bastard
Dont toy with my emotions.
#jfnaga Kathy Manning: Jewish social network- not just about meeting people, but deciding what we want our network to DO.
Thank you so much for the shoutout!!! <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
do you have a special feature on your account that doesn't allow you to be added to lists?
"I need a pencil dawg!" ..."And she gone give me all the answers cause i asked for them shittz." >>>>>>
01.17 join us for a great game as we are joined for half time with AV Dance Studio 81
that sounds like too much work.
it makes sense. You've always got the
“: Running our of hangers.. #shopaholicprobs”
price of that gum just went up. lol
Looking for a fun place to hang tonight? Playing w/ trio at Eastside Luv 9:30pm – www.eastsideluv.com #jazz jazzvocalist jazzla
Elevate a little higher! #BigTimeMovie .have that song stuck inside my head.
Please STOP following me! The real content is over - news on social commerce, ecommerce, brand & user experience. Stop, I say, Stop!
Im so tired! Another sleepless night with a sick kid!! Early gym day this morning did not help!
I know(: sorry I didn't get to say hi I was in the game and when it was over u were gonee:p
Well 8pril, it's been real...
Mrs. Patel is going to be our counselor for the whole time we're at high school?! Hell no.
Big Blue Sac #Giants Yeah Baby!!
Anyone down for FIFA?
what time do you guys get to 116th and amsterdam? I don't see you. I'm out here in the rain waiting for my tacos :)
That shot becky'dem just took made me sick!! I couldnt be a part of that
ok course, u always gotta look good... But then again u dont have to worry about not looking good
Dear 1D, I'm so sorry I cannot meet you beautiful people in 2 weeks. Forgive me?
If i got a penny for every time i thought and dreamed about you,I would be rich.
I honestly can't wait to see this summer with , and
"Such a large, voluptuous explosion"
Is your Circle of Life similar to a hamster wheel? Spinning and never getting anywhere! Step out, grab your life tools and make that wheel …
Dope! Mitchy Slick was just shopping here and wants to do a music video at the shop!!! Jeahhhhh!!!
If you're not a fan you're not a true Portlander.
One: proposal out the door. Two: proposals in the works. All: about the future of public libraries.
You truly are a sweetie for RT'ing all your fans :)
Check us out on Facebook @ Catch The Buzz. "Like" our official show page & join in on the fun. Call the show anytime: 410-481-1570
I need to hurry and get my check, so I can change my number...ugh.
Sending Birthday Wishes to the Lovely !!!!!
Does Ciroc make Red Wine???
Northampton, MA, you're so cute. I want to pinch your cheeks and then drink a soy chai latte.
#RavensNation, follow the newest Baltimore Raven !
when you see a baby or little kid with a bad hairline and you just think "aw someone got their first haircut a little too early...pobresito"
Everyone hurts me at one point or another. It's okay, I'm use to it.
So much to do this weekend - Moving!
Had the pleasure of seeing a social media presentation last night by Lisa of and it completely geeked me out :)
I did?
Ohh the deepest V... these A cups aren't something to hide
blueberries are full of antioxidants to help fight free-radicals and help your immune system!
Toastmasters Meeting tonight...If your in the Baltimore area, come check us out..Message my inbox and I will give you all the info..
RT Just because we're not close anymore, doesn't mean I don't care about you.
NC Marriage Amend is NOT discriminatory. It simply allows the PEOPLE and not A JUDGE to decide! Support Marriage!
you should come with him more often boyfriend
Charles & Baltimore 10-2 today.... Let's eat #lobster Mac
I wish it was summer already
#tilts2011 Sam Baker comment: media incites the desire for immediacy--there is a dialectic there
Every time I see the State Farm Bob Knight commercial I yell
Lazy rule: if it's too far away, convincing yourself you don't need it.
I did lol
We are like tea bags -we don't know our own strength until we're in hot water.-Sister Busch
lol yea I used to say that everytime I seen you
at times i feel my feminism turns men off.....its aiight tho' cuz shittt i can do bad all by my self! :) nd thats the truth!
Seeing this treyvon Martin movement let's me know as a nation we are strong if we somehow can stick together..
I like all the teams, but of course living in DALLAS I <U+2665> the COWBOYS! CHARLIE! PLEASE tweet me a quick HELLO - Huge fan!
Waterproofing Coatings | Membrane Waterproofing | eindomarket
One more class to go, and I will have survived my first year as an asst. professor.
#AWESOME. MT: : Raiders new season tix bought in full b/n May 1-June 30, 10% of gross go to Oakland Unified School District.
What's going on at Wellington & broadway?
I love to stay on top of news Q3 Graphics Shipments Up 16.7% Over Last Quarter 18.4% Over Last Year According to Latest Report From Jon P
Yeah, probably best to wait for another day....mentally prepare yourself for a few hours of sobbing.
seems possible that if we do get a table, we can also get food. fingers crossed!
Haha I can do that :)
Well you know we do need the money AND I'm not sleeping with any of the strikers! Maybe ill get off of work early!
Tonight is not a night to celebrate the Death of a Humanlife.
I recommend S.Kelby CS4 for Digital Photographer #Photoshop book & #Lightroom 2 Power Session DVD
3 radio shows today, tomorrow Live with Bernadette at noon on ABC in Anchorage. I hear she's a pistol.....we'll just see about that!
Daylight savings is tonight- remember to set your clocks to spring forward!
- not really worried about the semantics - just trying to prevent torn up shoulders and collarbone bruises
your 15 what can you possibly rap about, how hard 8th grade is??
Also, walked all the way home from their hotel with my fly down.
Hi Cami!how's nyc treating you?
You got me bewitched cause i'm under your spell.......
probably because she's fat not conceited
Thanks for the recommendation.
Thx. I'll check it out.
Found 4 big canning jars at a thrift shop (all for $2!), but no lids/rings. Of course I bought them. On a slippery slope to Hoarderville.
I imagine it ended up like The Last Air Bender...
Looking forward to that frozen hot chocolate!! Glad to see you are in Miami!! :)
Great start to the weekends with my babies Adrienne an Alyssa!<U+E418>
lol fail i meant to say spell once not twice xD
“: Good morning to u 2 :)
Today, Do One Thing for Another Person to make them smile! And reap the positives benefits from it!
haha! #pwned I think originated from WoW & a programmers misspelling…but I like your idea better!
Same thing happened to me. Barnes and Noble had an exclusive CD with two bonus tracks and iTunes also has an exclusive track.
Hungry for some tasty pie? 3 lucky folks will win a voucher from in the raffle tomorrow! NOM!
Aww thank you so much! I would love to visit London at some point- such a beautiful city :)
Last day in Scottsdale. Going out with a bang
Congrats on your ACM noms! We need to catch up...your LA fans wanna hear what trouble their new neighbor is getting into!
Pusha Man With The Kilos, iPhone Full Of Free Hoes.
Your constant complaining and self-loathing pisses me off. Just shut the fuck up.
RT : BREAKING: NFL will allow players to in-game tweet during Sunday's Pro Bowl. There will be 1 designated area per sideline.
I love it!
Woke Up Thinking Their was A Tornado Outside & Juarez Was On Fire.Felt Too Real
I think the girl next to me the bus can hear my music.... I hope she likes One Direction.
Great #kipcamp session on branding from Got to talk to her about branding of team.
Vinyl Shirt Stamping at NYC Printing 123! Create a more eye catching design for your custom tshirts. Call now !!! 646.833.8085
hey u!!! Don't u worry, mama gonna say what she wants, how she wants!!! And won't lose no sleep over it
Yo Galo, feel free to show up
Male Hormone May Help Heart Failure Patients
no it looks nice
Bad interface design has a negative impact on my psyche. USAJobs, for instance, has been ruining my past two days. -_-
In s bed with
We were just passing through, driving along the north side of the river.
gotta start the week with a ron burgundy shirt
17th at Sawgrass, that big island water thingy. Woods, escapes. Fowler 6ft below the hole. Drama.....
Checkout our new Facebook site: www.facebook.com/closys. Share your experience with CloSYS and how it fits into your life.
dr has 3 checks nxt to his name on the "ima sock you" list
if he beats them with it them just gotta give him credit.
Go to shcool, or you won't get edumacated.
Have a question about Project 143? Interested in helping? Email us!
have you tried them cold? Pretty good:-)
Good night xoxo
Thanks!! We support YOU!
Oliver Hard Cider for the Summer! The Original and Raspberry flavors available today!
awesome meeting ya! Thanks for the kind words!
I am at the start of another good project. I wanted to do a time lapse video to show the process of what I do.
"Music is a moral law. It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm to life and to everything."
I'm so sick of fights, I hate them.
That sucks wat kind?
yo ex here at lodo's...
just tried chia seeds in a drink sample at Whole Foods! Not bad.
It ain't how fast you get there, it's how long you plan to stay
miss my #1 lady
I Call Lil Homey My Son Cause I Watched Him Grow Up . Today he going to the prom. Guess I'll Get him Some Gum & Condoms good luck 2nite
Janet's halftime was amazing this is a joke!!!!!
When going on the radio, I know that how my hair looks is unimportant but YET...I can't seem to stop worrying about it :)
You are watching this week's YOBIFilm finalists, Vilius Petrikas and Jonathan Gratzer. Congrats to you both!
:) have fun at work!
RT: "Chef Boyardee can with " hahaha I know! Oh man that's a good one of him! He was about to kill Besler for that too ;)
Barrera: We've reduced the tax burden on the very wealthiest people in our society.
Its lonely at the top... but you do eat better
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
Thx for the follow, will pass your site onto the script writers I work with, they have interest from IFC, need to find them an agent asap.
follow me back..(monique):)
judy needs a THERAPIST. asap
This lady won't stfu...she pissing me off
Done christmas shopping. So excited(:
Dark Shadows was satisfactory. A good chunk of the best bits are in the trailer - a good indicator if whether or not you'll like it.
I big leagued Paul Molitor in MPLS airport in 09. Didn't act like I knew him. Just asked him for a dip. He obliged. Great Guy!
is it delish?
gotta make sure we don't get stabbed tonight! cinch de drink
9-5 are so overrated can't wait to get outta this slave work, lol
oh dear , if you're gonna use you gotta learn how to take higher res pics cause the composition/subjects are amazing
I bet I would describe how you feel differently
thanks for shout out
Oh amy. Dont hate me.
You have 45 minutes to get to Brazos Book Club! We're talking about Zola's BELLY OF PARIS! It's going to be awesome! C'mon!
Its funny how some girls have no idea that their boyfriends cheat on them...lol
I appreciated the pajamas in the movies. haha. I still want to grab coffee and basically interview you!
Well, I guess I have to start this morning commute. I'm only 30 minutes late already ...
Twitter contest! Would you like to win free clothes? Details coming soon!
learning new tunes for upcoming NY gig....can't get enough of old school Tuck and Patti right now...
San Antonio: There could be a few severe t-strms this eve. then wet and cool Fri. & Sat. Today:Cloudy,breezy, rain incr. tonight . High 79
Do definite good; first of all to yourself, then to definite persons.
ESPN has Green Bay #3 in its first 2012 NFL power poll..Giants #1 I get it..but not NE
Finally got my bike, who wants to go on a bike ride with me?
Huh. What is going on??? I never would've told you that! :)
...Hello, St. Louis.
#BWC10 peeps, you can find in town tonight. He loves to drink rum and cokes and do jaeger shots. Send photos.
And I just declared this to be the Summer of the Old Fasioned a few nights ago. :)
Finally going to church
Rain in Phoenix & sun in Corvallis? What's wrong with this picture?
just said the same thing! Ha!
that's good u still have a following... U still on tour or bak home?
Who 's comin to long beach tonight!!!
Just frame it in the context of whatever particular access problems you're facing. And/or commenters can help refine it. :)
EXTO... Lets slap the ask and take out AUTO. After he's gone were off to a 10 bagger easily
Let me find the article, Read 2 regarding same matter. Yes article you linked said broker for Morgan.
Your turn? RT : very nice... When am I gonna get my turn? :-D
is about to go play golf with my dad.. anyone in the chastain park area look out for wayward golf balls...
Are you ready for that night? It should be a wild one.
Oh. Shiny. Cloud security Heat Map.
...stopped by the gig the other day but youwere gone. was looking to buy the X6 or X5. End up buying the 2012 maxima instead
So many shows - dvr'd to catch up on
just had a great conversation with , Director of this is definitely a project to follow
worst headache ever.
#ILoveJoeyDiamondBecause he can relate to so many teenagers in this world.
Eileen Clegg: "co-creativity is the activity from which innovation is the output"
Couldn't agree more
ha okay.
Guilty pleasure: enjoying Attack of the Show. 1000th episode!
aw!! thank you!!!! <3 I actually freaking LOVE Jenna so I'm kinda dying right now. LOL
Hey there lady!
Come see all the Beautiful changes with Comfort Suites Fishers! Mention this tweet and SAVE!! Keyword: "Changes" ends @ 1am on 3/9
Tasting tonight from 6 - 8 PM Come order a pint and take home one of our pint glasses for free!
Old ladies who hold their cell phone up to their ear on speakerphone: You're Doing it Wrong
thx for the
baby D":
“: oh shit! when do they stop selling tickets for that?? i want to get a ship pool together” I think it's today...
I'm glad the new bullying movie is getting some attention!
i love harry's bum
Leaving soon for Sam Patch. So should you
yes I'll be going to the game - u wanna roll? Also what time do u go to workout?
In Denver for #actfl11? Visit Bridge at booth 6050 and enter to win a language study tuition scholarship in Argentina, Brazil or Chile!
I think should make him a video of him singing
RT : In today's food news: L.A. named the country's largest consumer of hot dogs. Impressive! Well done LA.
Knocked two items off of my "after finals" to-do list and added four more
Amen to that shit!
I'd appreciate if u could get ' autograph for me @ Bamboozle. Or at least a pic of u with him. please. Thank you.
“: Like a soundtrack to a July Saturday night, Springsteen. -Eric Church”
Now following and
if you're every in Minneapolis you need to come on the talk show I work for !
(As always, retweets are not necessarily endorsements. e.g. I generally prefer a constrained, restrictive definition for psychopathy.)
Gramnmmys so excited
Great pic of 2 amazing singers. And you even used the Nashville setting!
Ten more cancer tweet-bots are following me now. I don't know if I should be honored or not.
Afternoon Bitch-Back! Nick Jonas and Delta Goodrem: Cougarific Couple or Total Crap?
Reading Island of the Blue Dolphins for school. So boring!!!!!!! Ugh :/
#AtNumber1GirlTour its gonna be crazy.....craziest tour so far :O
RT ISO: Nice librarian lady for the sharing of the living space for Annual.
It hurts when you trust somebody with everything and tell them all your secrets just so they could use it against you <
It was a question to director Jeffrey Hunt... :o)
Ever wait in line at the register scared of the bill? I'm scared.
Yes, my kids teachers are great but the administration sucks!
Thanks, Mads! RT : SO PROUD of my SM partner in crime for being nom. as Top 5 Mayor on 4Sq!!
Please use your liberty to promote ours. -Aung San Suu Kyi, Nobel Peace Prize laureate and head of the National League for Democracy
lol I just got these serious of tweets. Call me when you get done.
sorry for the double posts. fixing it :)
Self is the culprit often hidden behind work, motives, drives, and dreams. - J. T. Pugh in For Preachers Only
So, primer is all finished... Now to start painting this beast! Too bad I have to wait til tomorrow to make sure it's all dry :/
Go hokies ! RT Michigan Vs Virginia Tech
ooh, yes we can do that as well. What did you have in mind?
April 8, 2014 no more support for XP.
Monday morning workout!
You just got a spot in artist of the week on submit music n bio to be a feature n placed on TSNRadio
RT : FOX NEWS, Y U NO HAVE NEWS ABOUT FOXES?
The reading of #Invincible is today! So excited to work with & Ms. Annali
where for you see Oregon starting next year?
don't be scared!
8 people can make some seriously dirty laundry!
I need a Bilingual sales person in the area of Elgin!!!! ASAP will pay good! please call 847-400-2388 or e mail us
had to take priorities first. Oh sh--.....I left you behind o__O
OMG, Just found out that Bill Nye is coming to Georgia State. :( I have to work that day.
Too bad you're not here to see the amount of care on my face. ;) No, really, it's too bad you're not here ...
updating my profile and working way too late
Best excuse to watch the #VictoriasSecret fashion show: I wanted to see the color of #katieperry 's eyes. Sure!
Nothing gives me the energy to go home and crush the remaining portion of a take-home exam quite like a Black Keys concert.
Who is working today, and who is watching the bowl games? Who is doing both?
Hey guys please please please follow me and i promise i will follow you back ! <3 :)
emblem books & memes: both collaborative, both instructional (for the most part), both word/image manifestos. Oh!
you got this bro!
:D I love you <3
I watched your special back to back. Not because I'm a fan but I'm to fat and lazy to find the remote. Good thing u didn't suck.
Activities planned for Preservation Month - Albany Democrat Herald
Using QR codes for the first time today at a regional training event. #QR code
The ability to pinch & zoom and show different views really resonates with docents and visitors -
Follow me y'all.
When there's room in a tweet add #finecraft + it will reach more people. Just a thought...Thanks for considering it.
Thanks, Kelly! I am pumped about this!
this made me giggle so hard. cat thought I was having a seizure.
Aw! Thank you, Caroline's husband! :D You've got a good one! Mine is always trying to get me to bring fewer books home, lol)
Free screenings tonight:Salmon Fishing in the Yemen and Titanic 3D at Cinemark West. Titanic 3D in Dallas.
oh that gives me hope! thanks!
Thanks for passing along- very interesting, I will have to check out/chat with some of these inspiring women!
& if that's the case every race is strong because everyone's ancestors been through some shit. Slavery, holocaust, concentration camps.
happy birthday!!!!!
Yes sir - check out
yeah, the archivist who's working on the Houston hip hop collection, , contacted me about it. Can't wait to meet you!
that was one of my favorite nights shine wed's.
I Dont Think So! v.v I See Them As A Deformity :3
RT : man who invented cancer you're a DICK guy
Blasphemy! You're Minnesota's...er...Utah's... finest!! No Aussie's got nothin' on Trey Barber.
where is my bunny i want to squish her ugh
''If I asked my customers what they wanted, they would have said 'a faster horse'!'' Henry Ford on innovation
yeah she told me to that she saw u guyzz
Happy Fashion Friday!
I CANNOT wait for your talk show!! Do you know yet what time & when it will air??
I am so over the lakers bench right now....-___- Love u Kobe.! Get better quick bae...
yes I'm thinking the exact same thing!! A 4hr nap before
Pitching lessons tomorrow
is now offering package deals for PC/MAC/UNIX & Website support services. Ask us how we save you money!
hm... was that u in white? xD woot! you & are djin live. I've missed hearing you two dj. will be tunin in
I hate how I can't drink 5 hour energy till 2:30, could really use one right now
ALA will have a booth (#629) during the IFLA Conference in Puerto Rico. Don't forget to stop by!
Thanks for the RT lady!
I was only there during the summer, so will take your word on that
What is up with the Red Line this morning? Ugh.
Sheep flies? Little red flies?
#justrememberthat you will always have it better than someone else. Be grateful in any situation.
Cant wait to see you tomorrow in SF! I know you will kill it!
it certainly was interesting. I am excited to watch it with you. The people I was with did not appreciate my laughter.
Can you come to school with me tomorrow and tell the guys that?? (:
Yeah, you're right. Too big a crowd for me. What about you?
So many hot messes out tonight...
Well, Milwaukee didn't give me the winter I was looking for so you never know!
Sites of Conscience – places worldwide to remember, reflect, discuss, and act.
i miss you too, mommy. how're you this lovely day? :)
pregnant. She should pay for it because it's her choice.
ha okay. How hot does it get there?
#MichelleWilliams is up next on E!. She's my pick tonight for
kesha is not a punk not everyone has to cuss and threaten to hurt everyone to get there point across
You made my day! #thebutters. I wish you good health and strength.
Watching Grease in class. I sure do wish I could dance like John Travolta.
The hackers got my website.....again. I'm getting increasingly frustrated. Imma hafta kick some @$$,
you are welcome, btw nice tee's dig your style.
i am glad youre having a wonderfull month why has it been so great
Saw a true hero in action today as man saved choking woman at #chipotle Do u know the
love you stef
stop shes a nice lady rachel.
lol age don't mean nun im damn near 27 at heart and love
Thank you for the #FF mention! Hope you have a great weekend!
Cannot believe how much I still have to do with only two days left
Meryl Streep is really the best.
It's about that time...
If its the thunder and pacers in the finals I will beg my mom to go
Was proud of walking by CakeLove without going in. Come home to cupcake pictures tweeted by , , AND Karma.
I know right. Being famous & wealthy does not come easy.
I don't want to defend Rush Limbaugh again please stop making me
That's kool Jus given u a shout out..
Christian music is not show business, it's soul business.
FREE lunch for your VOTE on Facebook with Chase Community Giving! May 19th from 12:00-2:00pm 6160 Mission Gorge Road Ste 204 SD, CA 92120!
you can probably do it on your phone or computer, which should sync to the web interface.
Are you a party (Zoo) animal? Get the scoop on events, programs & special offers. Follow us and be a Friend of the National Zoo!
gonna puke.... false alarm just a dry heave
I wanna strangle a fucking Snake right now
there is nothing right now that will make me concentrate on Dracula.
Haven't forgotten about you. working on your site this week :)
great, thanks man!
I hate liars, hypocrites, and people who take granted of the people who love them</3
I hope to have major breakthrough this week.
your hair looks really pretty:)
What stadium will the Vikings use in Madden 13?
i love U.S.A
Yoo were gona pick u up ina bit be
The Hubby has made my mothers day AWESOME! He says he not finished yet...
Is it telling that it is taking me longer to sort out my digital stuff than my physical stuff before I switch jobs?
In #SixteenCandles why does the organist make funny noises when walks down the aisle?
One week from today we'll be rockin' it at the Galleria mall, hope you'll make plans to drop by and say Hi.
": Casey McGehee ANNIHILATED Ruiz at the plate! #Brewers" did he not touch home again???!
Best thing about Oscars is following
"Loving you is easy cause your beautiful"
I love how guys send messages to girls on FB, they think your annoying and creepy- STOP
Hey I just wanted to say ur tweets are amazing and I want ur ht in ur DP!! It's all amazing and I'm jealous lol!! Kbye!!<3
Mann females need to get it together and know who your baby father is! ugh!
yea i know
how was your bday?
Sorry that I haven't be on. Huge test comming up
How Dhs entrances are always crowded <
SERENITY NOW
my head is spinning and im dying
I dont dislike alot of people. But hun i really don't like you.
follow back?
Syracuse Orange, Coka-cola red. USA red white blue.. green for environment ?
Talk later? Or something very close....love having the translator app on my phone, helps at school a lot!
Movie recommendation is Christina Ricci in "Black Snake Moan"
If it's an iffy bitly link, I'll add + to the end. Not sure how to discover the link in other shortners.
I have Mother's Day wrapped up like a boss this year. you've got a lot to keep up with.
Todays special is beeftekia patties with ur choice of fries or rice and a fountain drink for $9.99!!!
Last night Palmer lost to Mountain Vista in ot, 4-3. Incredible game though.
Liking Shabazz Palaces, one of the members is playing a mbira.
are the gona be on shake it up or no?
and we've worked w/ Chomsky before. Our London chapter is trying to work w/ both anarchos and the ubiquitous SWP
Bring out the bubbly stuff!!! FIVE TIME FIVE TIME FIVE TIME FIVE TIME FIVE TIME consecutive.. NL EAST CHAMPS!!!! GO #PHILS!
at $2.51 I can't resist, if its crap I'll print it to paper and use it as toilet paper. You can't lose, I'm sold!
what's up, ! I hit up before email wise about getting my shirt in the store for my new clothing PrestigeClothing
Mom having a twitter account <<< me being able to say whatever the hell i want.....
Happy Easter, Jermaine! We miss you in Indy!! Blessings, Suzanne :)
yea i remember you
TRUE THAT (;
no, but there should be.
My mom pre ordered black ops 2 without me asking her. She knows what's real
Just tapped ruby red bird.... The perfect beer for this weather:)
Who is writing this pathetic AJ/Daniel Bryan storyline on #WWE #RAW? , is that you?
RT : recognizing keeper status is a good thing for you too! Salute!- preciatecha
Today we are thankful for #UTSA FOOTBALL!
We have! It's a great new resource for both musicians and fans. We have a few friends using it already as well!
wow call us back @ 12 tonight we Have another pair we are giving away" will be here april 6 be there
Gotta feel bad for the Man City fans
It's Monday!!! You know what that means right??
word. I'm trying to recruit more people to come. Are you all out right now?
i got back in. ;) holler @ me. woopwoop.
Ooh, good. Must join.
Listening to
Power just went out here. Someone forgot to pay the bill!
enjoy the cookies! Happy Holidays and we look forward to working with you next year!
I like being able to text people and use emojis <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Celebrate Mexican defeat of French army which kept Napoleon I from aiding the confederate army. = US civil war ends soon after
Now the Jets have two quarterbacks that suck
You're on to something thx. They kept the #Mac to run a continuous loop for 2 or 3 days. Maybe it will overheat for them.
yay! welcome brad!
quite a cast. I would see that.
The screwdriver was invented before the screw.
Yesterday I saw a movie trailer for Star Wars Ep. I and laughed out loud in the theatre. What a hunk o' junk! 12 yrs later I'm still bitter.
u also!
Finishing up photos for the website. Lookin sick.
Im trying to #grind & I need my team here. Obvi u dont know about #ambitiousgirls. Lol, I will put you on 1 day!
A great lumberjack and a top restaurant discount card seller! #RIPGreggJevin, ,
hash tag turks
#wordoftheday Foible (n) a minor weakness or an idiosyncrasy in someone's character. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm
Music with dinner is an insult both to the cook and the violinist.
my cuticles really have done absolutely nothing to deserve the abuse they've received
If any of our residents have friends/family come & stay and need hotel, we recommend your fine establishment.
I MUST TEXT YOU. VERY IMPORTANT.
Day two of Veganism...feeling kinda tummyachey.
Oh yeah, I'm sure that really stops guys from hitting on you at work.
Thanks! There's still time for you to enter & #winsmall, too.
your older one yeah.
Keep faith #SteelerNation!!
Last night I dreamed was my brother. He played a show int tiny hometown then we went to a movie.
Kansas I am in you. Checking off state number 49. Watch out Utah I'm coming for you next.
Now I want to go to New Orleans next weekend. Who wants to go with me?
TY for the suggestion on spreading the word about our #internship!
Waiting the night before to do a project that is due at 8am is never fun..
Morgan Freeman, Please Narrate my life? Normal Tasks would be soo much better.
IMPACT Magazine won a #Maggie for best west U.S. student mag (and $1000 for the department). Go team!
panel discussion the future of Jewish education. So interesting to hear from some of the thought leaders.
One of the best happy hours in is at Bistro La Bonne on U Street. Mussels, fries, and wine!
lol that was supposed to say F*R*I*E*N*D*S cuz i'm starting to watch that series again lol...and thanks for visiting jadah!
First time I have really been able to take a deep breath and I can't even do that b/c of these stupid allergies, can't wait until 6
Could you imagine kings vs rangers final for the cup? Those are like the 2 biggest cities in the US
so your happy
LOVE IT! ": Andrew Luck's first game will be on the road against the #Bears Brian Urlacher, Julius Peppers and Lance Briggs. Yikes."
- brunch Sunday maybe meat & potatoes?
nails, tanning, then drinking...its the perfect day
Awesome. Sending some tunes your way now
Go for a business that any idiot can run - because sooner or later, any idiot perhaps will run it.
I wish I had your brand of will power.
My Strength gets tested on a mental platform
I agree.
RT Always pray and make time for exercise... Dream more while you are awake.... Try to make at least 3 people smile each day.
Out of every body problems selena have the worst. Everyone hates her because she went with Justin Bieber. Something is wrong with u people.
Big time Wheelies photo shoot with
Hope you are all having a wonderful Holiday!
Hey Ms. Gloria!!!
That's also BS. I use the Bethesda Metro every day, and they keep the down (only) going even on afternoon commutes.
r u a good hugger?? PSH OF COURSE U ARE. I wanna hug :(
I sometimes wish I had grown up in Montana just so that I could experience the mountains and beautiful country side.
lmao I have no fuckin clue
Saw The Hunger Games over the weekend. Awesome movie
Good thing DePaul is watching from dorms. RT: Remember, Northern Iowa lost to Depaul this year. Again, Depaul.
um, you're batting 1.000 with Customer Service across the board lately, aren't you?
Wed night Port of Oakland trended, but #occupyoakland or #oo did not. Neither #ows or #occupy has trended for the past 3 weeks
Did the watermelon used to be pink with "seeds" in it? There was some candy with that, and I thought it was Airheads...
“: Been real”
i #cantwait for Paranormal Activity 2!!!
Thank You to everyone who joined us this Saturday at our Open House!
Feature creative is a small graphic design firm& prides it self on being such.We work with you & cater to your individual needs.Get in touch
I love "Cook It Raw" episode! Made me hungry for sure.
LOL. eoowwboyy though my mom just said they are probs cats or raccoons!!
our house is infected with the norovirus and my computer is breaking down.
Got a half page into NYT's feature on stupid games, got distracted, ended up playing a round of Tetris.
Meekness is not weakness....Always follow our greatest example of meekness JC! Matthew 11: 29
can't wait to hear your thoughts!!!
hey you need to bring back Braylon Edward to the jets he play really good with the jets and the jets don't have a true good wr
#idol great new do on Erika!
Austin doesnt have a celebrity crush, but thinks the girl from mistletoe video is gorgeous. RT if you want to be her!(;
so depends where? & follow?
want a free phone system? then go to this website www.wix.com/ddunnam/r3
I enjoy reading 's tweets way too much! He's like the west coast version of I'm sure he would agree!
Cute! RT “: Well looks like it IS Adam and Steve after all”
Don't go away mad. I got a coupon for 10% off Vaseline.
Up too early >.<
Yes, thanks! I'm on board to help out in any way I can!! Maybe I can talk about it in my vlog sometime...!
Yep, I sure am! Sorry, I usually don't go around telling everyone where I'm from... that just gets annoying.
Time to go get Howie and find out what he thinks of our new home. :)
600,000 peeps r on dialysis our diets depend on bloodwork taken every ,month.no leafy green veg
I just realised all my projects this semester had an emphasis on #zombies. LOL.
This is the only show we watch twice in a row in one sitting. <3333
u should try it scary lol
Good morning and we hope everyone has had a good week.
Ace Ventura pet detective.
Cool man! I'm on Mil St but say hello to
RIP! Whitney Houston...
With a shrinking job market, is it OK for higher ed institutions to train more and more students to go into an overcrowded field?
Watched thrilling US-Brazil women's game! Almost missed it--wish my news sources played it up. #USWNTUS looked so together even when behind
what do you recommend people do with unused medications?
but dunking makes you great
Thanks Steve. Didn't hear him curse though. :)
today will be a great day!! Dog paw park day..
#ALEXISATRUEGENTLEMAN AND HE SHOWS IT TO
Got sick on holiday :/
Check out some Rotton Wisdom on Pandora, then iTunes, then Follow. Now that's what's up! Thanks peace
I know, right?! Oh these silly phones.. They do make me laugh though, that's always a plus! (:
You can find our flyers on the front table of the Office of International Programs and Services! Please read it and join us if interested!
Tony's mom on the Sopranos might be my most hated character in any tv show or movie
Brian Davis: "AND HE'S FOULED!" - someone not fouled ..
You are such a strong person for doing what you are doing with you mother and father. What kind of health is she in?
No! “: Never thought I'd say this...But I actually LIKE the new Nickelback song!!!!!! #ItsHeavy”
spoke about you with Coach Gregg Williams today, he speaks highly of you as do I! He is a great guy & good representative of
I would love to attend the Premiere!
People say it's insurance fraud—a Ponzi scheme—one couple bought $218,225 of worthless contracts. So police have raided a Ruidoso business.
Stacey Dash is everything!!
RT Reading a biography of LBJ. He was kind of a jerk sometimes. I mean, it's like, who died and put HIM in charge?
yes, you may repost a photograph from OPJ and link back yo me on Flickr
CONGRATS Austin followed you <3 Ima follow u to. lol
R U willing to die 2self tht th kingdom (not a church) shall advance! Are u willing 2 suffer loss so others shall inherent eternal life!
Scraped up my leg and hand in my first 3 set thriller of the year, and my first loss of the year, 4-6, 7-6(2), 6-2
Anyone Wanna Texxt ? LIKE "/
Getting some serious chills watching this pregame ceremony celebrating 100 years of Fenway Park. I'll never forget my first game there.
I don't think they'll use nukes. A physical war will only hurt both sides... it's an economic/culture war from here on out.
i just can't stop watching #TwinPeaks!!!
Remember: what we can change is our thoughts about our circumstances. Via
Damn...Modelo sounds good right about now lol.
i tld hym that n he gone say it was me man he makin me mad all over again
Raising children is work. Full stop. No discussion.
Is that your new toy?!?!
Missed "Free Ways to Integrate Technology in Your Curriculum" session? Join us for round 2 on Thursday @ 10:45 (Session 4) ;)
People need to learn to chiiilllllllllllll
Fuckk yes schools out!!!!!
Who is going to be my 100th follower
Alrighty. The sky is rainy, the coffee is perked. I'm snuggling myself up to do some SERIOUS WORK!
oh thanks friend. :) much appreciated.
Bright Ideas Electric would like to wish all the mommies out there a Happy Mother's Day! We hope you all had a wonderful Day!
-It doesn`t matter! :D
Will you marry me? :* :D
There's never anyone to talk to around this time
can I convince you to stall 30 mins tonight???? PLZZZ
I just lol'ed!! The fallacies!! Hahahaha!
MOVIE NIGHT!
She's Finest Girl I've Ever Seen In The World..
Lunch with my grandparents, I love them to death.
here you go.. I told you we are not goin lol...
How are you spending your #SundayParkways this weekend? It's the first one of the season, Northeast. Can't wait!
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can transform one million realities
Talk about an AWESOME call tonight! Carrie, this one call really gave me answers that I have been praying about! THANKS!
so sleepy grrr i need my pillow pet xDD
I've never wanted to hurt anyone or anything else in my entire existence: my POS worthless HP scanner, may it burn in hell fire eternally!!!
yeah I ain't even have my phone lol
yes but still... Man my boys were jankity
haven't talked to you for a long time... how are you doing??
that's what I say but she doesn't want to be in my life
RT : Greece is collapsing, the Iranians are getting aggressive, and Rome is in disarray. Welcome to 430 BC.
midpoint music fest downtown cincinnati & sat chicago
At #attensity, our ETL is known as EPT: Extract, Parse, Transform. Then the text is ready for analysis to identify fraud, churn, risk +more
If #KellyCutrone says #FUCK I can say
Happy Pancake Day!
60% of consumers feel more negatively about advertising than they did a few years ago.
thanks for listing me as Someone you'd probably hang out with :-) Just seen it.
THEY CHOSE PHILLIP OVER JOSHUA!!!
I got the second round!
Bachmann: "My ability to function effectively will not affect my ability to serve as commander in chief." Very convincing.
Quickest Trivia Tuesday ever! Way to go! RT : 7.5 MILLION MEALS
Anyone ever use the pattern library on Patternry? Thoughts?
Oh i shall!
u r too sexy!! DAMN..
Cute, cute, cute new clothing store called Cherry Blossom. Tell them I sent you!
#JasonMraz "I wont give up"
why not Peyton Manning as player/coach? The Pete Rose of baseball.
but.. I want to be Barney.
Hey links up go to wwwmwatchnhllive.com register and enjoy all your hockey games.
Don't work out when pissed. End up lifting more than u should.
were u located in Wisconsin
Tons of good ideas from chat w/ Nancy Davis of the Ivy Group during Consultants Give Back. Thanks for the opportunity!
RT : my team name in college fantasy football is Holgoritaville.
Madison, Wisc. w/ on Friday-- Bring it on.
RIP Chuck Brown.
Pop What up Bro!
want to read ASAP! Enjoy wrapping it up.
Crap just found out the hard way the Zyrtec makes you narcoleptic.... Z
And then I'm made to feel lazy cause it looks like I did "nothing"
I saw it a like disturbing lol!!
Your life is your message to the world. Make it inspiring...
Has the beer settled down a bit today, or still threatening to blow the lid off?
ahh im having a bonfire on saturday TELL ME YOU'RE HAVING A BONFIRE TOO I SWEAR
me and the team will be at the art museum steps tomorrow at 6 pm for the fun run! See you in 19 hours!
RT : Ok now all you foreigners go ahead and sound it out, America kicks ass. It's easy to say.
RT : #HHCepidemic2012 Its going down tonight at 6 with our freestyle battle in the LBJ Amphitheater!!!!
Karina will be doing the show tonight. You can get some extra sleep!
I've never felt so alone in my life , like seriously this is sad .
I think it's sad that my dad past away and the government is making us go through hell for money that he worked 15 years for :(.
I'm excited to meet her and, of course, catch up with you!
Yeah, I often go to the websites of publications now, too.
the following is a list of things i learned today at school:
Time to make the donuts RT : Oh, you're still up at this hour? You must have a very important job to be up early for
We sure do! One drink or one dessert is on us on your birthday!
how did you know? Wow I am impressed...
We are legion.
Great commercials class with our actor co-op group. So cool for artists to get together in support of each other!
I use cats as my pest control that way I cannot say I did the actual killing.
Karma is a BITCH , just make suree that bitch is BEAUTIFUL ;) - Royalty .
I just got my permit too!!
Happy graduation, Austin! I'm proud to have known you all this time. Very cool re the senator, too. :)
Thanks for wiping out my coke points. I know I had 90 days but not even a warning email? I wonder what Dr. Pepper 10 tastes like.
Dudes wearin legit hammer pants lmfao the shit you see downtown
Hi. I love you. Okay.
You know that you have been waiting all weekend to eat some CURRIED CURRY!!!
RT : Mohamed El-Erian to : "Every aspect of this disappointing report points to the U.S. facing an unemployment crisis."
Um. Did my prof really type "whaaah" in the context of communicating despair? Only at
is in Austin so were gonna be playing some of his mixes on the patio. Come grab a wrap!
RT : About to do zumba with marisa adrian and sharon :p
Going to Chinatown to teach a class and then EAT!!!!! (drink beer too) Yummy yum yum
There is too much going on in #Burma. I have no excuse to not go there.
Sometimes the quietest people have the most to say but, they keep it to themself.
I'm hovering around 13,600 for #NaNoWriMo. Modest goals indeed.
Forever is not enough
Spring break the water was too cold to stay in for long lol
The new iPad? How creative.
I think Troyzan should have won the #playeroftheseason on
Impact has only had 2 SOG and Both goals. Us 16 shots, 6 SOG but no goal. Blimey!!!
Hurry! Registration for #Edcampss closes March 15th. Don't miss an opportunity to meet and listen to in Philly 3/24.
Gotta be that Lake Show! Anything to put a stop to OKC, For obvious reasons.
Whooppsss. :] haha good to see you again! Im sure i will run into you again soon!
Omfg robot chicken has me dying!! THIS IS MARTHA!! Lmao
Sel: jus10 baby I wanna go shopping justin: I brouhht u a whole new wardrobe & a lil part of europe ur sucking me dry.bitch sel: fine :|
sorry missed your call yesterday - must have come thru when on plane - ping me week of April 9 (I am about to go on vacation).
Making web... just making web!
Eating at P.F. Chang's with my mom :)
#ThingsThatILike...... when i feel i accomplished an ultimate goal in life
The fact that my mom won't let me update my phone on the computer <U+E40E>
I'm not on the list!
Hi! Let me know if you made it to the library. xo
Time for a Beatles riddle. Guess the Beatles song and win a MN Beatle Project CD. Follow #fh_beatles for clues. Starts now.
Cross etching is hard lol
Chris would agree but I love sun tea!
: Thanks for the RT. Did you find anything you liked?
are you tagging anymore people on your video?(:
Spiderman on Broadway
wow is this going to be a terrifyingly exciting 3rd period. 2-1.
we could team up and really kick ass! ;P
I car jacked you like Shaq shooting a three man get outta your Range
#cnndebate this very good, lots of good ideas
Need senior living...just wrapped up St Joseph's...check it out
Oh I can't get caught in more than 1 show at a time. What's the Killing about?
I was just making a comparison.
ARGs, pervasive games, location based games,and transmedia storytelling all converge upon the same model. Discuss.
My Heart Is Not A Toy, If You Want it, Then Respect It....
You took 20 minutes to text me back, i'm going to take 30 to reply to you, LIKE A BOSS.
My PL has call numbers on the stacks, but then they shifted books and not the signs.
Kelly Clarkson has it right..."What doesn't kill you makes you stronger."
Anthony Ferraro revived our excitement about indie film with 'The Writer' last night. Really it's the artists who make this industry great.
I'm so glad I've made you my everything(:
TICKETS ON SALE NOW!!! WWW.NYMF.ORG/THETOYMAKER TAKE THE JOURNEY....
Who wants in?! RT Want to go to ? Thought so. Yelp has some free tickets, just RT for a chance to win one!
Never want to get up for school.ugh
ah the days of gaming and eating cereal. Sadly. Can't bring Lucky Charms into my house. It would become kid crack.
“: Thanks for the follow ” My pleasure!
T3 for now but I've no doubt data entry in 5-10 years will not resemble today's methods.
Omg. Today is officially the best day ever! The way he smiled at me ((((: ah
Degrassi Goes Hollywood is on my DVR! go insane. ; )
I love how hard people try now a days!
where the fuck is my phone?!
ya same here
I rather live in a world where people will have the guts to say "this is wrong."
Student: three woman are eating ice cream ones licking it, eating it and sucking it which ones married
Carefully inspect new and previously used light strands. Look for frayed cables
Have you read MEG? I believe that has language in it too but geared more towards HS and not middle grades.
blue ball
In communicating your org.'s story, Ken Carbone says, "amplify" your brand: "Activate all touch points w/ your audience." | 4 of 4
Focus Group, Manhattan, Thursday September 8th. Looking for cellphone owners. $85 for 1 ½ hours
You know what I want to see? A band playing their crazy awesome music while physically jumping like crazy at our place.
Gassing up the truck, running a few, last minute errands and headed to Lake Bruin. Have a great weekend everyone!
Kim Aron: "ATM's are so quiet, like *whispers* 'Here's your money'" HAHAHAHA
check your fb bro
pretty much minus the ambulance ride :)
I went frm a 10 down to a 5 I feel some wat better
See you there!
Right & You Feel All Lonely I Hate That !! :/
:) I'm in love with the MLB app! This side of my fam are Mets fans<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>. So no watching the actual game for me.
Gripping on her ass nigga say i disrespect him .
I just want to go home.
Anyone got records from the office of the county inspector of sheep? I can tell you what to do with those. (Texas offices only, sorry.)
watch out world “: the troops have slowly dwindled and it's just me and so lookout things could get crazy!”
Omw to sleep. body sore
Oh, Ben just said "Nikki", the rest of the world had no idea what her name was.
Drunk San Franciscans: You're supposed to be meeting outside my apt window right now! Hurry & come back it's a nightly thing
Thanks for the RT!
RR > 1.0 admissible, but not sufficient evidence of causation. Pick v. American Medical, 958 F.Supp. 1151
It's funny how some TV shows cast family member roles that look nothing like each other. Not even in the "ballpark". #who'snoticing ;)
That's how they measure running distances here. I'll never understand why we don't use metric. :(
Did everyone forget how to say "first anniversary?" one-year anniversary sounds so stupid.
preaching to the choir! Guess it doesn't happen just
Have a good night :)
He who knows others is learned; he who knows himself is wise. ~Lao~Tze
You no it is RT YanaDakota: Man i pray today gone b a good dayyNJM
You. Look. Stunning! Thank you for sharing the pic. How was your prom?
#ireallyhatewhen i see women who need and crave attention!
Omw home from school jukin in da car 2 sum mexican music!
we r so excited u r coming! U will love it!!!
Gonna go watch some bats at bat bridge with NBD
This upcoming weekend is going to start a fun filled SUPER BUSY 2 weeks! Lots of stuff going on! AH! will be tweeting... a LOT. ;)
Lets Go HOGS Beat Auburn!! And go Hard 4 CHRIST
im doingg god. pretty tired though, i've been losing alot of sleep by reading this week! :p and whataboutyouuu?
What's your schedule anyway now that you're running 2 podcasts? Thursday night recording seemed to work out last time.
maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano...........
Club Ritz made much money from yall idiots tonight.
If sharky says it I know it's real
cont'd 6- cross border, 7-orphan and retracted works, 8- liability of libraries & archives, 9-TPM, 10-contracts
we met at SB XLVI - rule #1 don't waste your time on Twitter w/ pricks who can't get followers even if they bought them
Editing a wedding video I shot at the Biltmore House in Asheville, but the sunny back deck is calling my name.
ga! You need to get tour ass to my house! Lol.
Sleeping on a sailboat at dock tonight. Definitely a highlight I will remember come Monday when I'm hoofing it again.
Can't miss Claes Oldenburg's 'Clothespin'!
Hello, love! Keep up the GREAT work! ;-)
We need a drummer! Offering free studio time for any solid leads!!
I agree with these words in this sentence.
sounds like that's right up your alley
when somebody dies in a movie, & you can still see them breathing -___-
The most creative ideas often come from beginners and not the experts.
Yes!!!!! Tell everyone you know! :)
I've been to the town New Glarus, WI, & also Glarus, Switzerland.
Every year, on our birthday-I'm a twin-everyone wears our favorite color, green, and goes out to celebrate. Thanks for the support y'all.
Seems like you can never have enough flashes and pocket wizards...
in St. Louis for the Region VII VPP Conference - Talking Sustainability and HCS Best Practices
Well..... Bout to call it a night. Dreamland here I come. Night world. Z...........
Well worth the wait, the beautiful Roy Rogers float with Dusty and Dustin singing Happy Trails
that's the spirit! :)
Membership Offer new member orientation and/or video, webinar
Brain Tan Made Easy- Brain Tan Buckskin
OMG I miss all of you lol - kiki(;
God doesn’t bring these things but his job is to make sure u get through it
opens his mouth and says.... HELLO
can i just step out of the room when the class has to watch this stupid video tomorrow?
tgif Ladies have a fab day!
Just interviewed Miss America. She's nervous about throwing first pitch. Says she was a softball player.
Just discovered your site per , You're a good read. Please check us out sometime as a resource.
break a leg!
&&' tell you be ready by a certain time... Only to get drunk & leave me hanging.... Y'all wanna knw... <U+2190>asshole
follow (that is my personal) I get on that one more! I never get on this one. So follow that so we can talk
#1 Carpet Cleaner in Metro Atlanta, Carpet Repair, Upholstery Home & Auto, Mattress Cleaning Call 678-653-5425 KICK OUT THE STAINS!
I used to have an all black and white English springer spaniel named INDY!
nah just creepy uppity types. It's funny the more people feel they are shittier than you, the shittier they act.
Are your planning a #flipcon12 hike like last year? Maybe a lake front hike?
Crafting the most emotionally powerful Facebook image-meme the world has ever seen. Hope you like to cry, fuckwads
no, that's douchey no matter who does it. Unless there's a physical deformity to poke fun at. Or maybe not...
Ill Shoot You with a Machete
As much as I wan to hit that send button I can't. It would tear me in two to say the things I need to say.
Go Badgers!
Gonna give tis Evo one more chance...but one more fuck up and tht hoe will get tossed
why thank you my bitch
Every so often I'm reminded that even IE8 is an awful browser. Then I'm thankful that I'm not reminded about it every day anymore.
B's played a good game and ran into a hot goaltender. They could be better. He can't. Believe.
If you think Sullivan is a bad hockey player, you should go watch NBA. You know nothing about the game, and should of been swallowed.
#DSO last night was extremely drum focused, I like the mix furthur has now with Jeff and Joe. Hope 2 see them in the winter
Agreed. RT Might have to check out J & B's for wings!
“: which putt putt???” Southport Putt Putt? Idk the name. Right next to Dairy Queen and the Barber Shop.
#MM #SOT Community
i can open your eyes.. take you wonder by wonder..
I gotta go on the air in :30 and I'm laughing too hard to talk!
And that I went to an indian wedding
Too late to coach Withey to JUST GO UP WITH THE BALL!!!!??? painfully slow in setting up a post move when he gets the ball!
was about to just ask the same thing!
RT : Pls retweet: Need participant w/health care + policy background to test gov site on 11/4. Email
:) buying paint today!
Yes I'm blasting my music. Why are staring at me?
Well, you know what they say - there are some people whose main purpose in life is to serve as a bad example for others.
that #victoriassecret ad? disgusting.
Guess you just can't put your finger on it.
Are you here at the conference? Intro yourself at the break... :-)
yea well that's hockey he was pissed at our guys he didn't say shit about the caps, so I dont really know how that's bad
"This conference is awesome" and so are you - WOOT!
Also I have a Story for you! Would you like to hear it? Serious !
Bump and Grossman too! Great night. We have elected some great new leaders tonight. Makes national picture feel little less grim
Is genuinely excited about vacuuming!!!
Got it MA!!! need u 2 take pic and send it 2 my email or ...
ikr! It's not effective here but they're talkin about it smh
Depending on the governor, that could be quite appetite inhibiting. :)
Nashville bound tomorrow..I've waited my whole life for this...
Thanks for that. I did buy the mobile app, but oh well. Instapaper's not meant for that, Marco Arment explains in the FAQ.
Pi Day is on Mar 14 because it resembles 3.14. The official celebration begins at 1:59PM to make 3.14159 when combined with the date. #Pi:)
Just held the London Olympic Torch!
#RPCV Dan Adkison (Gabon 1997-2000) goes for a 4th win in a row on tonight!! #peacecorps via
: "We have created a Star Wars civilization, with Stone Age emotions, medieval institutions, and god-like technology." E.O.W.
I <U+2764>u guys are pigs and they NEVER know what they want till they lose it. So it will be great. Make him see what he is missin
Dear Spammers, Why can't you let me Live my Life??.
that's the good life :)
um okay. Did you get a FaceTime because I have one now.
I can! Cuz The race is not given to the swift but the one who indures until the end. so indure my brotha indure!
don't no much about him to be honest we just got him a few Month ago he was a rescue pony
No doubt: 85 and sunny. With low humidity (I grew up in SoCal).
I love this! Our staff in Uganda also participated in a day without shoes!
what kind of stuff?
spiders are not as scared of me as i am of them. if i had eight legs i wouldn't be scared of anything.
Providing additional text for website. working on marketing campaign.. should be sleep...oh but i'm not! :P
wanna go tobogganing
Need Windows XP help with login/logoff looping. Anyone in RVA have suggestions as to who to call? I've spent way too much time on this.
Fighting a lion is on my bucket list but I should probably make it the last thing
Oh my good your the cutest Belieber I've ever seen!!! <3 :') makes me cry xD
Haha! That will work well you know! <3
That's one today!
thank you I pray you guys had a great weekend! We were at MFC last night wish we would have seen you guys...
How cool is our Twitter Wall? Go mobile!!
thx for the shout out in twitter world! As u know, I have TONS to say so the character limit will b my challenge ;-)
DONT WORRY ABOUT THE MONEY ITS GONE COME RACKS
why would Madison ask you out if supposedly went out with Vinny & mikey ? they wouldn't do that, it's bro code.
ask Kay Jones about my greens!
our new night host, . Check her out!
Wtf got to work to early! .-.
RT “: You don't need Xcode / Don't need no SDK / You just need coffee / That's made-in-a fussy way" That's almost right :-)
Thanks for asking. How to donated to CJSC Homeless Law ID Clinic: CJSC PO Box 91184, San Diego, CA 92169. Thank you.
Watching the trains outside rumble by my new digs.
EVENT: The next Georgetown MBA Evening Program Information Session is on February 27th at 6:30pm!
Hey i just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number....so call me maybe <3
Read some of the biographies of Civil War Generals. Stories grew larger than the fish we catch.
Send an email with sizes and images and I will send you an invoice.
Looking for models for the Blush of Spring Runway show, featuring fashions from
We're watching Carmen's performance on SNL, and Jason just observed that the singer looks like she's from Capitol City in the Hunger Games.
not gonna lie, my guacamole is the BOMB
probably why I haven't gone to visit you yet
... the baby is watching the game, so if anything bad happens, blame it on shaving his beard off :)
Dont You think it'd be cool if followed his Arkansas street team?? Cause I think it would be pretty epic:) <3
Yezzir! RT : That's what's up!! Go 'Boys!!
you go boy!
Uncle Kenny's Gourmet Bourbon Cookies:
idc if it's not the holidays. Fa La La is still my shit.
‘John Carter’ Review via
Here's a fun game, if someone stretches a vowel over 3 seconds you punch in the face. Example "I was like Okay" *Punch*
its okay u will grow anyway
Kids are at school, at the Neurologist w the wife, then on to 2 interviews.
It doesn't happen overnight.
Every time I hear Zooey's.. "Is that rain?" it's instant laughter.
Thank you to for the RTs and kind mentions!
Been outta highschool almost 7 yrs and looks like the dress code is the same. Kids: untied tims, northfaces, and uggs w/ minis are all fugz
yeeeaaaaaaaaaah. Iight keep up the good work. You been missin out
And my heart caves in when I look at you
seemingly it's nothing more than poetry...
Good Work!
Yes! I got a Titans game Sunday :( You could make it a double header...
thanks a lot for following!
Rambles? Really? Never?
so lovely!!! new friends!
Tonight is Karaoke Tues! Bring your friends, come on down & sing a song or two. Start @ 9pm, all night happy hour + hourly specials!
I'm off all day tomorrow if you want work out.
Pandora knows me so well :')
Love hearing good things about my first job & coworkers ()
Plus I don't think there's a huge difference between Colt and Weeden. Now it's all-in w/Weeden. Not sure I'd be comfortable w/that
Awesome! Goodnight!
its been so long since i lost my way
yes sir i think so (: For Brain Bang workshop will there be a meet & greet?
I accidentally left my Greek yogurt at home today, have been starving all morning.
im never fucking good enough im going to try to get my masters degree and you still say im stupid
that and the gym
Coincidence? Alkaline-forming foods are many of the foods drs. & nutritionists have been telling us to eat more of for years.
A nation's culture resides in the hearts and in the soul of its people. ~Gandhi
oh dear. Do I have to? I HATE comment threads. They make me fear for civilization.
Please yourself, because people will only tear you down!
Thank you so much for following me! Please visit my Passions by K page on Facebook! Make sure to tell your friends as well!
same psychiatrist: phone/email hacking and political bribery are benevolent gestures toward a populace needing shepherding.
Lost piercing and other small … But amazing! « <U+0635><U+062D><U+064A><U+0641><U+0629> <U+062C><U+0639><U+0641><U+0631> ...
The scariest thing about distance is that you don’t know whether they’ll miss you or forget you
Come to Friday night (4/27) and watch a geek movie, courtesy of Probably Johnny Mnemonic, w/ drinking game. :)
him today is gonna be a nice day and tomorrow i will start my one week Turkey trip :)
thx 4 the tweet! RT : Pick up the latest & C R friends from talk abt running their family business!
wonder twin powers activate
Steal her heart , not her virginity .. <3
Just saw Manu from Spurs at the mall :D
I think we are going to start having bands on thur what do you think?
Sitting here going thru Joel Ward tweets..shameful and sad! Not surprising..just shameful and sad
Oh dear god. Winching FAIL.
i am really proud of how far you came you are a true inspiration <3
Glad you escaped Delmarva.
omfg did i see a tear in colton's eye while joshua was singing at the end
2 Million For Greyson Chance :) 2 million enchancers now,a big big family,I love U Greyson<3
I think Alec Baldwin's deactivated twitter account should have a twitter account, a la #
Brayan. I love u man. Your positivity is inspiring. To quote tony Pena. I believe!
Every time the Steelers lose, an angel gets its wings.
yes we are starting at 11 please tell your friends.
Love it! Thanks for your response.
wife's thinking about getting AppleCare for comp. wanted to point her to your extended warranty pod but can't find. Link me?
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 52
Brooklyn Nights, New York Life, Stay out late, I'm gonna Marry The Night.
"sometimes a broken heart needs a break away"
if a student buys a chromebook to use at school, will they be able to use their school GApps login?
if Getz is not traded what is wrong with a platoon? Getz is playing very well. Even advanced numbers say that this year
-smiles- what's up
Always stand up for what you believe in, even if it means standing alone.
how can we book you for some stand up?
Dear Lord, help me to divorce my past, date my present and marry my future!!!
why are they do fucked up in Est Europe?
Your Acting Like It .
AM flight home from Cali just declaring my undying love for New York
pretty much - though I do love the shipping program.
There it is: mentioned "orgone".
I cant decide who lays a bigger guilt trip or Together they could make water feel guilty cuz its wet.
It's official...Colony Grill in Stamford is the best pizzeria on the planet.
If you collect one silver or gold coin every month for the next 5 yrs, will you be financially better off than today? www.budurl.com/CWTHY
I love tyra ! She is the most amazing person ever!<3
Knowledge sharing & transfer often requires writing internal user guides. Another style of writing I picked up outside of academia.
Jusss got homee dudes gunna stop by then dream land it is:)
thank you so much hannah!!! there should be more people like you :)
follow back :)
Some chicks live in crop jackets.. smh
I wish I had a delete button in my life. To delete some people, some memories, and some feelings.
:) m tlkin to a major cutie ()
sweet. just call me an "editorial consultant."
Hey #SteelerNation - thanks for getting us to #200 in 2 days - by this time next year we should have about #365,000 #SimpleMathRight ?
Down 2 the final parts of #Rainbow. The Religion Section makes me wanna quit religion altogether but be #hopeful religious tolerance is near
Just saw this guy who looked like Lou Diamond Phillips and then I felt really old for even knowing who that is.
that's cool. I may throw a party. Need to be fine for that
Yeah, and I'm a walking sucker. I ended up with an Australian cattle dog when one ran up to me one day and said, "Mama!"
Feelings very hurt. A website I worked my ass off for free was taken down.
Officially this new year has been a piece of shit for me !
Great, thanks! I emailed Your site looks amazing, btw.
you are laaaatttteeee
Still haven't even started the APWH review that's due tomorrow. #fml Eh, never mind I'm just not going to do it
#Whitney on #Glee Love
Brian Matusz: "Secrets" by Loose Cannon Trio
thanks! i'll follow you (: & i'll try to find you on facebook. i have to reactivate my account.
Have flowers and chocolate #onbarter?
Swisher singles to CF. 2 men on, 1 man out.
San Serif. Classic....
I hope comes to NYC with Austin.
see? RT : Holiday gift idea: more books.
#ChocolateAffair This Saturday you don't wanna miss it. & gon sho' up and sho' out!!!
Reading workshop -_-
Saturday evening #supermoon stalking photo shoot meetup?
did u get the last dm?
is it sad to say that this wasn't the first time i've heard this
Lol alright thanks man
I wonder what Pierre McGuire looked like with hair and without glasses.
I dont mind smelling like a #triathlete, but doesnt mean my family does!! I do it for them too!!
Church Time! :)
Mr. Cosell has gone too far...talking about my #Browns...hahahaha!!!
A lot of my mind.. Straight up
A week from tomorrow #apocalypticlove by comes out. Can't wait, gonna be great.
I'm all showered, room is clean, tummy is full, teeth are brushed, face has been washed, and I'm all comfy in bed. I can rest easy!
": RT IF Jeremy Lin was playing the #knicks would have lost"yep d.rose woulda had ten more pts cant defend
do you know what this current wind gusts are at for the pflugerville/round rock area?
got at least 15 new albums on my itunes today
If you hated me as much as you say you do then you wouldn't waste you time constantly talking about me.
Beer drinkers have a bigger “gut” than other alcohol drinkers.
#digitalindia Consider your needs. Be creative. Experiment. Estab goals. Learn from mistakes. Celebrate success. Repeat...
This nigga is taking forever !
Sure thing!
Today - Try our #Crazy grilled cheese sandwich with spicy pepperoni, pickled onions and brown mustard, served with side choice for $6.50!
that's always happening to you O.o
It just happens that #synthetic #marijuana abusers are often diagnosed with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder
RCDC Experiment @ Jazz a Vienne in Lyon, France.
It's alright. Busy with school. I have a phone... but I guess you prefer twitter lol.
gahhh I'm so sorry for not being able to watch the resent videos:/ I've been at rehearsal almost at all times.
Wow. Apparently, phone booths are the new urinals.
Parenting is the hardest thing in my life I've had to encounter.
Glamour mag says almost 25% of girls wouldn't date a guy who does Fantasy Football...what about you? 222-9800
miss you too mama! I hope I see you soon, since I'm your favorite bartender now!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Happy Birthday to you!
I miss those old days when you could just walk up to someone and be like wanna be best friends? And they would say yes. No one is real now .
WHY THE FUCK DOES IT EVEN EXIST? Item of the day: Non-clumping kitty litter.
That awkward moment when you start telling a story & you realize no one's listening, so u slowly fade out & pretend you never said anything
Got mine from at Code4Lib -- they're going viral. Answer is YES!
When did "based off of" replace "based on"? Because the shift has definitely happened, as surely as Grimm's Law.
Let's not wait too long. Be prepared like boy scouts
That was mean:(
Hey Hon and how are you????
go casual, don't make it look like you spent a lot of time on your appearance. (:
Friday Facts! All about #learningdisabilities today on the blog. www.knowledgesafari.com
A big mama deer has bedded down in the backyard today. She seems to be munching on the last leaves of the raspberry bushes :)
RT : Sic Saturdays tonight 240 E Pittsburgh. It's party time fun craziness. Extra bass weekly. no cover
Testing out a desktop app called Seesmic. I'm still on overload with regards to how many conversations are going on!!! Ha!
I GOT A PUPPY FOR MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
Hey Drew, care to come on our podcast and talk about HEAT (Burt Reynolds) this Saturday at noon? We'd love to have you.
Stats from on his Run Across America: 1326 miles down; 10,000 calories consumed per day; 5lbs lost
I like older women, I'm sorry.
you know where your going to grad school?
How can you say New England is an elite offense this season? Teams have obviously found they can disrupt / confuse Brady.
Officer,get Off us sir!
Would my fondness for MATCH POINT cause either of you to reconsider your opinion? (How about SCOOP?)
“: Alil bored tho” same lets move around
I'm telling you this because you don't get it. You think you get it, which is not the same as actually getting it. Get it?
My mind wonders because Casioa have.too think do every ones Casio Nate swagger
Thanks for sharing!
Good Morning, #Madison! Lets get it.
u in atlanta?
i gotta play that at every party, it hits hard
Last night, no words to explain. Hell of a good night. (:
In real life, I'm waking up alone. It's one more night you didn't make it home. I'm gettin' used to being on my own.
*Le sings* HEY HEY YOU YOU I DONT LIKE YOUR GIRLFRIEND NO WAY NO WAY I THINK YOU NEED A NEW ONE HEY HEY YOU YOU I CAN BE YOUR GIRLFRIEND
Getting hit by a car, even if doesn't hurt, really takes the fun out of a jog.
Even though I can't go to "How Not to Interview" (and missing ) tonight, I hope students are planning on attending!
“ Former JET program teachers looking for #Fukushima community orgs or fire depts to stream donation Ideas pls
fuck u been @
getting ready for my band concert in an hour. What about you? (: x
No one gives two shits about what you're saying!
Watching Magic City. Between this and Luck, I'm left to conclude that unintelligible dialogue is the new source of TV street cred.
yea no I'm not and I'm not a "Cover Girl either
-- Very weird.
We love Chuck! RT : TONIGHT 6-8PM webinar w/: "Bullying: What Every Educator Should Know & Do" ft.
Mr. Clemens the funny Biology teacher in 8th grade
Noted! Thinking about the Lagunitas WTF, ever had that one yet? Also what Bootlegger's do you like?
k bye twubby ! *blows a kiss*
lol Um how about like or somethin like that lol
#BroadbandBreakfast a trusted friend or relative is the key connector for most Seniors, says Tom Koutsky of
shoutout to whoever whatch 106&park tonight but u goota follow me
more tracking guitars today excited for this all to be done hope everyone is is too
wait you're meeting them wut
Why everybody think they big cheifers
Oh yea I'm semester. So you are supposed to be in holiday soon...
#summerSale 10%-70% OFF entire store. Do a little #SHOPPING, stay for a little #YOGA! this friday, saturday and sunday only!
Lol girl i wanted so bad plus No pain No gain that jawn aint hurt l
The VERY LOUD FAN in my office just turned off for the first time since I started here six weeks ago. I don't know how I feel about this.
I don't like it when my friend acts like a bigger mahomie than I am no your not I was the one that I found on youtube.
Bush Jr. Aka shrub
#IWishYouKnew how good I would treat you if you were mine
hey what's up friend? U in the states or abroad?
I'm exhausted
I wonder when #UrbanMeyer beats Florida, if he'll be disliked just as the Head Ball Coach is now around the Ville for "betraying Florida"
YOU NEED TO SEE THEM!!! that sounds like a party :)
Nice work !
hahaha i love this......all i have to say is HHI ahah
I love my baby idgaf who dont like it <U+2764>
Graduated Elements today! Goal this week: complete 1 Xfit WOD every day till May.
I can't decide which is my favorite: the D&D ep or the first paintball ep of Community.
Late night call for help to remove a virus. If you think something is weird - get to it early. Longer it lingers the more damage it does!
Ok Im Finna Text Yu Now
so sorry to hear about your missed ride. What company did you call? Thanks mytservice.com. Improving taxi quality in Baltimore.
The game is at seven so get to Valhalla early! Go #Rice Owls!
Glad you enjoyed AJ Bombers
Baby boy, you stay on my mind, fulfill my fantasies; I think about you all the time, I see you in my dreams <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
To endorsements metting they gave it to me. 2nd one I had to be a home wrecker & lay on my back & point my heels to Jesus! Wink Joetellez!
O.K can you follow me I follow you
Caffeine is an addictive asshole.
Just finished my photo shoot damn im exhausted :)
It is 16-7 at halftime. Seems like it could be much worse.
. What does it matter if raised more? San Diegans don't care who raised the most
but what do you see?
Oh, that might work, too. Both? And faceball?
Always a treat sitting in the middle seat of an airplane...next to a crying infant and a dog.
Enjoying a pre-game #greygoose with then off to before the nucks game.
ShoutOut to the new followers FollowFollowFollow =]
I HOPE YOU CHOKE ON EVERY PROMISE YOU'VE MADE!
Follow me back my Real life Chris Brown ( : && ii miss you big bully !!
Good Lookin On The Shout!!
Old woman walking out of the liquor store w/ a handle of KG. There's a couch in a nursing home lobby somewhere thats getting lit up tonight.
I'm with you on this one. You and I are from the West Coast - do you think that has something to do with it?
still smh doe
If u had a choice getting pay a) $1 million/mo vs. b) adoubling penny every day for a month, which would u choose? #mh2012 | I'd choose b)
2 am in the morning, and I can't sleep -_-
Happy Birthday I hope you take a break from politics long enough to celebrate it! :)
You too Terry. Happy New Year.
#FF University of New Mexico
was just attacked by Christmas. It fell on me. Hurt my back defending myself. Hubby had to come to my rescue.
I get them today!
Nice!! #soulful #music #pop #Latin - - #California Dreamin' :-P
THANK YOU for the follow; so glad to find out about you! Definitely will attend some of your classes!
Why, thank you! RT : #FF She is the active retweeter you want in your circle of tweeps!
Pumped to watch a Yankee great and my fav pitcher of all time make his comeback. Let's go get
This kids look cute maybe cause the powers out and were in the dark
I grade Comp II research papers on five metrics: Originality, Argument, Research, WC, and MLA. Points off for grammatical mistakes.
The feared and dreaded paya...
no one told us life gonna be easy -_-
you are a pussy.
Bitches is catchin' feelings, que cute. :)
sammich saved for tomorrow became midnight snack. Yeah got ett now have stomach ache Figures. Also wobbly from finale sob!
An idea unrecorded is an idea often lost- Zig Ziglar
RT : Where has procrastination gotten you so far?
I'm loving this Chicago weather <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>, I can't stand the Houston heat <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Finally caught up on my emails. Woot!
Becoming well known (at least among your prospects & connections) is the most valuable element in the connection process. (#Gitomer)
Thanks for making this a great day! RT : A fun day working with Loveland teachers on using Google Docs in the classroom!
so cool, how many have you got now?
i'm glad someone thinks i'm funny
I woke up this morning thinking shit is getting real very quick
thanks 4 the follow
Tomorrow is a new day! Refocus, recharge, reload
Today we lost one the greatest female vocalists of all time, rip Whitney Houston, thoughts and prayers go out to your family.
sounds like you are going to have to do a remote in Vegas!
(ksenia) racing to finish our very first 3D animation project, due tomorrow, looks cool
Don't wear white after Labor Day
childish gambino concert june 12 at the hardrock in orlando. Lets go!!
“: numba one hater is <$ i got love fo yall~” hate you? nigga, i love you<3c; im not this mean to anyone else
re 'no pony': good, but that's a lot of budget analysis to go w/o mention of revenue save tangential 1 at end.
Lick but once from the lollipop of mediocrity, and chances are you will suck forever... ;)
Super loud!!! #UNLVmbb RT : Cheer LOUD for the Cowboys tonight! RT: Hello #Wyoming. We meet again
I've told you to be careful, you've just never fucking listened.
In other more positive news 30 day gym/ exercise challenge ( exercising every day) day 1 dragging myself back to the gym.
Madonna: &#39;I wanted to sing with Adele at the Superbowl&#39;
Dr. Bingham will receive her award tomorrow at 7 p.m. in the Michael D. Rose Theatre. The ceremony is free and open to the public!
you just made this whole thing sound a lot cooler...and hotter. Haha.
Once again, MOMENTS*
My choir will be opening up for tonight at Herbst Theater in San Fransico,CA ...BE THERE!!
WHO GOT A MIXTAPE ON THE WORKS I CAN SPIT A 16 TO?! #HIPHOP (YEA, I FLOOW!) ha'
Vote for our Bloody Mary recipy on facebook, on the absolut page, best Bloody Mary then click on CA, then on San Francisco Bloody Cable Car
So, choose which quality you’ll need for the printer and go ahead and take chance of the longer printing experience
do you have 16g?
Its really cold so im in bed but im still cold
China is a prime example, their income inequality makes the US look like Cuba
Get a luxury sedan
#Constantine and his stupid arch taking up my weekend. Nunc est bibendum, ya fool.
It's warm & sunny on our secluded courtyard! Helltown Extra Sinfull Bitter, All Saints IPA & Voodoo, East End Monkey Boy & Duchesse on draft
Putting the finishing touches on my Flipping houses home study course! Cant wait til my seminar/workshop next month at the BWI Airport...
Help me get to 500 followers!!
So Caspers nluv w/me.Not but Casper my Beardie.How do I kno?He displayed his little "dominance" move 2me from across the room
yes marge is ready to party!
But I got some lemonade this shit good as fuk!
no problem!
IF ANYONE IS COMING TO AUSTIN MAHONES CONCERT IN LOS ANGELES...WE SHOULD EXCHANGE NUMBERS AND MEET UP!!! I WANNA MEET YOU ALL!! SO EXCITED!!
"Infected puss" - jacqui hinde
Just got to watch my daughter, perform at convo at . Way cool! Thank you for all you do!
Thanks, Marcus! is pretty rad. Please keep us updated on everything in Chicago.
I have been begging for answers that you, and only you can give to me.
Today is Teacher Appreciation Day! Make sure to thank all the special teachers in your life today :)
If you say "Gullible" slowly, it sounds like "Oranges"..
Doing presentations after a fun "Lunch break"
justin has nice boobs
Going to fuckin scream.
"You affect your subconscious mind by verbal repetition."
So ends one of the greater tongue-biting exercises of my life...
Want to know how actress Elaine Del Valle turned frustration into career success? JOIN OUR LIVE STREAM TONIGHT 5:00 PST/ 6:00 MST/ 8:00 EST.
Haha you're not THAT bad. You just can't draw a mermaid. :P
(Twitter hashtag practices -- I'd estimate about 2/3rds of the time I use hashtags I'm being humorous. #frivolvity 1/3rd = conferences.)
I was making one for fun! Im a rebel!
Great resource! Thanks for featuring and Master Talent Teachers!
rihanna cant sing live!!!
why not dude? O:
I Can't Breathe Through My Nose. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
So true!
Heir Whitetrash the only pitcher afraid of Jose Molina
I wear stuff like that -- just not out in public. ;-) I spend 99% of my life in pajamas, tho, and love every minute of it.
aww/: well I'll keep you in my prayers! <3 hope everything gets better and soon
#3wordsduringsex What's my name? (lmao)
Good night people i'm gonna play Xbox and wont get back to twitter so good night when ever you sleep!! =)).
hi again-I'm doing better as u saw n the pic-good to hear from u again!
It's hot as a bihhh at the derby
I swear to GOD , im comthable (;
Yay! :) That's cause he rocks and sends me amazing #craftbeer from Tx you got a shout out too :)
Hi Lorna! :) Happy Friday, how's my favorite movie maker? :)
Welcome back to #Vegas , , & #Twitter fanatic And, of course, welcome home
lol you brought Harry into this i brought Zayn into it lol
dear etc: pretty sure love of Big Bang Theory has led me to my future husband. Naming my first child "Leonard"
I'm Hanna and you?
just talking to you, wbu?(;
happy birthday!
Not surprising : ) : RT Covet a Mill Valley bungalow? ~ I live in a MV bungalow! ~ A fabulous one, at that!"
Saw you @ the Anthony Jeselnik taping. Never found that movie popcorn butter oil stuff to be that convincing either...
Really next time just tackle me because I'm awful at hugs.
seeing old friends from fb on my "who to follow" module really urks me.
feeling bad.. Bae isn't here to comfort me!
Follow me? please (:
Meat puzzle
Didn't know about a PSA from freshman year...interesting! Share more.
I thought it would be more super.
what's good homie
Good times at Dunwoody Art Festival. Quick bite then private event at 7!
Just saw Justin Bieber Jennifer Hudson cee lo @ Christmas @ Washington
When al people do is complain, shat ap.
follow back.
everywhere but virginia...
The are expected to make their next QB official tonight. Follow for updates from Indy.
no way! We just took a hopper to Kauai. Sophie and me are chasing chickens
Your on radio Disney TTYLXOX!!!!!!!!! i luv that song!!!
Back on my "no more boxing until Mayweather Vs Pacman" horse which conveniently turns to glue every time there is a fight.
You're most welcome and thank you!
The Wind Power Happy Hour is back at Cannery Grill in Downtown Sun Prairie! Going on right now!
Too bad Clippers. Ha!!! Losers!
Tina Howe's "hobbies include water aerobics and Baroque music."
you da bestest!! Nothing is better than your child.
oh darn my wish came true
Squire of Gothos
Looking forward to meeting with tonight to learn more about their Turn A Life Around campaign
We belong together like Microhoo.
#ThoughtsAtWalmart why am I still in here?
RT All the Digital Humanists Are White, All the Nerds Are Men, but Some of Us Are Brave HASTAC: woot !
#20ThingsAboutMe, I would kill for tanner skin, whiter teeth, and lighter hair.
Happy Friday...but, more importantly...Happy Autumn!!!!! #I'mlovin'it!!!
interesting, I got about 35 DMs at the exact same time from various people
:/ oh well he tweeted u and u have mee;)
I'm chilling though. Idk what's going on. Though.
She is mighty cute.
I heard that we are very close to being at it again? :D har har har
Never have a companion that casts you in the shade
Hilarious. Maybe there should be a book called Tiger Dad.
Wonder what's going on. I saw 10 emergency vehicles fly by Union Station (downtown Seattle) headed south.
The Region 7 APS panel is now reviewing app# 120039 Jewish Community Center.
Shivers is looking just fabulous! :) Hope all is well!
Some daze ya gotta charge extra for spell/grammar checks and copy rewrites in this #vo booth.
RT : There is a high wind warning posted for the Oregon Coast- gusts near 70 mph are possible from Long Beach to Florence...
Had an awesome first day at the #ereexpo. I hope everyone enjoyed my workshop! I certainly enjoyed giving it! Sleepy Time!..Z
impossible don't exist. <3
The high quality of a company's customer experience rarely has anything to do with the high price of their product.
what's wow is that he lives in my city!
EMP Museum has a great project demo of their project that allows patrons to vote in a large crowd on music by raising their hand
hw come netball is nt a sport we hear abt newhere outside of the Caribbean? i personally wld luv 2 C it as an #Olympic Sport
And I am a recovering Catholic so that's amazing.
U WANT MORE FOLLOWERS FOLLOW ME AND I WILL FOLLOW BACK
": Heard you rocked it at #mom2summit! Well done!" Great moderator, questions & audience made it a success!
“: Nice! What time does the show start?” we storm the stage at 7:45!
How's everyone enjoying their Friday? Anyone #Bowling tonight?
WHO THE HELL NAMES THEIR TIGER RICHARD PARKER IS THERE A SHORTER WAY FOR ME TO TYPE THIS OUT PLEASE.
Tonight Redstar has 3 venues in MKE, IVY, FLUID, and TRIANGLE!! See our flyers and see the beautiful people dancing/shot guy/girl!!!
Even though i've put him through alot in the past, im still he's little girl (: Happy Bday to my dad <3
We're glad you're here, man. Depends on what you like. QB's like Hallbrook. RB's like Plaza. George Bret likes Mission Hills.
no, what comment?!
what are the stakes
I didn't watch the video. I'm a reader. I did read up on Mangosteen, though, and I think about your elixir periodically.
Hi! I know things have been super busy! I'm trying to do a little tweeting on weekends, but hope to be more active again soon!
You ain't even gotta do the dishes got 2 dishwashers
At Grand Crossing Park Field House for CREATE meeting
RT : #edchat Teachers need to know enuf about tech to help students use it responsibly and ethically. Stu using it even if u r not!
Back in La La land... Sweet dreams xoxo
Now that's "old school" baseball! ZING!
CZ Wisdoms: "That "help" with a small "h"" - when working with students that need to be more independent researchers :)
Innerstate Ike major with out a major deal...alotta prayer and a Monster grind.. U scared ima be bigger then u niggas Lol too late 4 that!
The latter tells you something is broken...the former manages to change the environment -- is in sync with outside world -everyplace needs 1
Phil and Lil ate the craziest stuff lol smh
Happy Birthday!!!!!!!!!!!! Have an awesome time tonight at the show!!!! :)
Thank you Combined Health Agencies for honoring KPSD with the Health Hero Award!
True story: I don't find guys that play guitar all that enchanting. In fact, it kind of creeps me out a bit.
Desperately needing some sun. Went looking for it in Maui last week but it wasn't there. All this rain is bringing me way down. *sigh*
Playstation+ Subscribers are going to get Rayman: Origins for $15 next month (and Trine 2 and Rock of Ages for free).
Thanks for the input! We will definitely be taking your consideration on the next tee design!
Follow my boy
He'll probably always have a place in my heart. <3
health i guess we have to draw a maze mine is like soo easy
Len Elmore just said (again) that Duke isn't athletic. Yea...Miles is a stiff...
RT I got the job at Tulsa Educare!! /// Congratulations!
A Gaugert garage sale?! Please tell me the old Titleists, TaylorMades and Callaways haven't gone yet!!
Impressed once again by MKG as he gives starting position to senior Miller
even here in Chicago my neighbor has a "Life w/o Jesus? How's THAT working?" sticker. "Fine, thanks. Shalom!"
I know exactly how you feel, i'm thinking too much and about not so good things
RT : Not just a park for Baldwin Hills, but for all of L.A.—larger than Central Park—oil field rights lay in the way...
Gone for a week and I have gained like 10 followers. Hello new people!
Googling "dreams about goldfish in odd places." Just a normal Monday.
that sounds like you need one pretty badly. Take a look at our site and contact us. We can hook you up with some designs!
#MyNextRelationship is going be more than attraction..it gotta be that feeling of seeing myself with this person for the rest of my life.
<3 it. RT : On phone: "Remind me what publication you write for?" "The Boston Globe. It's a start-up newspaper."
ditto “: Torque converter question: Hey guys i have a question about my tranny. "
As per our standard community policy, the Wifi connection is supported by bacon.
Release party date for Fair Play is set. Stay tuned for details
did you check it out then? If so whatd ya think? If not thanks for the RT :)
Cry babies dont get fed on this boulevard.
wow that was an amazing workout! Tea, some KDramas, then bed :)
do you wanna include Peyton Manning?
Squeeze and The English Beat live - the place to be tonight in Pittsburgh!
Listening to sing I'm Just A Summer Girl at the top of her lungs from the other room is gettin' me in the mood for SUMMER.
#ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina The Pelican Vagina
Listening to a rehearsal recording of one of our new songs called "Youth in Conflict With the Law" and it sounds great.
u a writer?
I think girls are naturally fake!
always saying we won't be as good this year. No ever believes the stuff you sell. Congrats!
alright, #nictd. let's dock already. this girl wants to get her happy ass to bed in time for 's
cigarette before work.
Vote for who is incredibly hot
thanks for the follow Izzy! I'm Logan!
Whoa! You covered a lot of ground during your visit. Glad you spied "Fir Cottage" & thanks for your review. bit.ly/rgg6B3
AT THE AMWAY ARENA IN ORLANDO FOR AMERICAN IDOL AUDITIONS
Elliot Smith gives me so many feelings
Ask maggie she will know lol
. is thanking supporters here in Homewood after her primary loss to Cong. Jesse Jackson Jr
Whatever happened to the
Yeah, I'm reading Kirby's 4th World and I'm simply blown away by the constant barrage of new ideas.
i love you less than tomorrow and more than yesterday.
#hastac2011 Eric Hoyt, USC: make public domain materials available digitally. you shouldnt have to take a research trip to see this stuff.
I'm not a fan of not feeling good....
Quebec City is wonderful.
Can't stop watching the Pixar short films on ABC Family.
#AskBieber In 20 years, what are some accomplishments you want to have?
get on oovoo
#WeCantDateIf if you hate don't like me smoking weed
DREW IN LEATHER. <3
I'm awake, rested, and ready to preach unless you want to rely entirely on the Holy Spirit again this morning.
check out they're pretty awesome
Are most people silly? I realize you're possibly not, look at $AEGY$ and prove me correct
Aha, yeah it happens a lot. Lol Sorry again! & thanks you seem cool too! (:
Best 1D SONG EVER.
comes alive with rockers #LoveTurnsHate - great set for #HardRockRising. Two more bands to go in round 1. #SeeTheShow at HRC
Youth is when you're allowed to stay up late on New Year's Eve. Middle age is when you're forced to. Happy New Year
wonderful, glad you made it out! TWB is looking forward to LWW as well!
then after that i haft to have an overnight retainer for the rest of my life
Its #smoove time next year
one of the "good guys" that stands for rightiousness. Not just another suit. You a real deal King, thanks keep it up!
Hm.... According to the calendar there is a pronounced lack of appropriate Irish consumables in this place. Must rectify!
Let's go heat
she wants you too ;)
idk just for something new
If eye-rolling burned calories, women would never have to diet
That I'm not sure of. But if that's the case, those would be the seats to go for.
Get it :) lookin cute!
#BOYFRIENDReview I think #BOYFRIEND is one of the best songs has ever made :) #proudbelieber 22
Life is always uncertain, and common prudence dictates to every man the necessity of settling his temporal concerns, while it is in his powe
you sure do cough a lot haha
Why do I have you on my mind so much...
Well, my phone died. That could be beneficial, meaning no more distractions. Hopefully anyway.
I feel like shit.
this patient in the ER is OC - someone save me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A9>
Open house will be November 12. It'll be held in conjunction with a fundraiser , one of the community partners
go back to bed you silly little cunt
is my favorite :) shhhh
omg yess!! & she's asian bro, omg & ok, goodnight <U+2665>
just dawned on me: if NASA hadn't been making plans to land on Mars, the Bloom Box would probably not have been developed.
Do you need a babysitter? Call Casey Anthony
it's not hard when you like the people your around!
you need to make a ton of football stuff soon. I've got plenty of presents to buy during the season
It feels so much like a Friday night, but it's a Thursday night and I still have to go to work tomorrow
I fucks with respect.
I'm sorry. Do something else and have fun.
#harrypotterlive I DONT WANT HARRY POTTER TO END!
RT : What are some of your favorite social tools you use to manage multiple social accounts?
I read the part in your book where you had to explain "Vanilla" to your mom. I lol on the train. Hilarious.
I feel like such a slacker these days...I don't like it
Time to suit up!
I don't give ya no good reason, but baby don't give up on me <U+2665>
I totally did not see your message on my twitter feed (desktop version). I'll send gmail along DM.
Mission Possible! Ryan Braun wins steroids appeal!?
Kobe's not playing says Mike Brown. Dang... Wanted to see him fill it up tonight. Amazing Durant already has three scoring titles.
; nothing . what's up ?
#ff because she has a shiny new job.
Academy Award winner Colin Firth. Always elegantly hot! OTRC
lol rite!!! shoot im gonna give him my number even if he doesnt ask for it ha
The real secret to being an 'agile' PMP: ask: 'Are you done yet?'; sleep 4 hours; goto ask;
JaVale McGee is just so fun to watch. Thats what I was looking forward to the most when we got him, watching his every game. So much fun.
Should I get instagram??
#Quote: #SteveJobs said "The best way to predict the future is to invent it."
I sware I b breakn necks!
I LOVE the Kia ad with kids' toys. Go gabba gabba!
Much like the Zombies, I must move, I must move, I must move - only literally.
no one tells you growing up can feel so good and so bad all at once
Please follow me<333
Someone who also speaks French, give me your number and let's text in French.
leopard print, front clasp.
we dont sleep we been up ! lol why u up ??
Does anyone else think its hilarious that ole Pat and Vanna used to get hammered before taping Wheel of Fortune???
what the fuck is up tho
I agree!
Kompany just smothering Aguero on the ground, a full thirty seconds after the goal. >>>>>>>>>
is officially addicted to cmconnect.org! Thank David Richards for introducing me to this magical place!
I think 16 credits will keep me ocupado for a couple of months. #whyamitryingtokillmyself?
get on instagram already..your behind playboy
I hate it when I buy a bag of air and it ends up being full of chips.
I think it only seems Deep when you're sixteen. Don't bother now.
Cup filled of that pink. Watchin sucker free.. On that kush time.. yeaah yeaah I love it!! :)
Finally ! It's snowing in Tx <3
you are actually crazy
Greenbrier hotel was awesome. Old white course was great. Loved the classic feel.
Dr. Stanley Lo to serve as President of the National Academy of Clinical Biochemistry
Some gem is in your FA pool.
Huge drive now. C'Mon Drew
RT : Astonish is looking for Marketing Reps in Texas, California, Indy and NY. Email me for more info. Hiring immediately!...
Happy Monday, #ClubAwesome!
I would, but my ride wants to go home.
Any school in 's #SEC RT : It's Star Wars Day. Which college football program would represent The Dark Side?
Hi Sophie. How are you?
lol thanks dominique!!
Lol if you guys didn't know is amazing and my best friend. K?
watching #Touch w/ #Mouse,my oldest #StarChild.She was the 1st of the #NewBabies I'd ever seen.Reintroducing #mathematics will be fun
not replying to my tweets OR returning my calls-- ARE YOU ALIVE?!?! We need to discuss #SouthwestAirSale!!!
Ew I dissected a frog today....
I love you chica!!!! Erry things gunna be alright!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I'm not really sure how this is possible, but Paper for iPad makes me a better stick figure artist.
#QuitActing like you can fight when all you do is kick the other dude in the balls and run away
the beauty of companies like Instagram is THAT they're small & nimble. Maybe it's just that I see FB as the big bag wolf.
I might. it's supposed to be cold tomorrow
Souls woven together by the gods can never be unraveled.
Mamma!!!! I'm so fresh and so clean, clean!
I have been SO tired all weekend...all I've done is sleep! Not mad about it tho.
that happens to me when I stand in front of the Empire State. Aka the building with a million antennas. The wonder of AT&T!
You offer her the world but she says no thanks....
why you ain't say nothing ?
Had the best time at Aidens game with
thanks for the follow! Hope you're having a good day.
me too!! and iowa was too!!
First day on break!
So much shit goes wrong in Arrested Develoment
Hey, I'm pretty sure I tweeted mandolin first, but you mentioned when you gave the answer. Did you mean me?
It was actually 37.
Panelists (continued) and Mark Rooks ()
and me too :)
R.I.P Linda Aroyos.
If you're gonna be dumb, you gotta be tough
Thats what i asked
Dear Summer, Please get here now. I really need you. Thanks. Sincerely, The Junior Class
Rest in peace...Mike Wallace...
If you're invited to learn from a recognized yogi, you shouldn't be surprised if the class is a bear . . .
Thinking of putting a section in the missionary chapter of the diss. on good blood/bad blood or the cross/the juggernaut
following back
Thanks and for telling me that I have been successfully keeping my Twitter stream polite.
Oops, wasn't suppose to add the part...
A guy walks into a bar and says "Ow!"
Why is it most animals I encounter in my life are more trustworthy than humans .
The discovery of a new dish does more for human happiness than the discovery of a new star. Brillat-Savarin, Anthelme
I am!
Now Following, after a far-too-long delay, Mr. -- expect ridiculous non-sensical sports banter
Word is you'll be at tmrw. I'm going to try to make the lunch, but if not let's be sure to sync up after.
I'm confused, You'll "take credit" for what POTUS did re Detroit, yet your econ plan is always do opposite of what Obama did?
I think self check out should be limited to 10 items or less
#writing . just got flight confirmation
Positive side of coming home, I get to see my family. Negative side, I gain 40 lbs.
gotta say, I did enjoy the 2x delivery.
or both
BULLYING MUST BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY. TOO MANY CHILDREN ARE BEING EMOTIONALLY OR PHYSICALLY INJURED DUE TO MEANNESS.
yes! Every kind of custard has its place!
We had vikings, closeted Hollywood stars, and Mexican fishermen at our workshop last night. Not bad for a Monday night.
#funshirtmonday is just as good as
“: Nothing cures heartbreak like baseball, and we're just 4 minutes out of first pitch here at Taylor Stadium.”
Music to my heart, that is what you are.
Has Fox&Friends got "the Trump" up their's or are they up the Trump's??
Pirates are getting all the bounces tonight. Thank goodness. McGehee should have been dead.
Thanks for following and sharing. Wish I could buy a Mazda but my SSD and my fixed income prevents it Always nice to dream.
I think grant and I are me the only two people to #kickvoldermort'sass at being evil enough said.
my phone
i loved it.
Ted Koppel's report on was outstanding. Can't say the same about Chelsea Clinton's report.
very nice! I like that
Ours take them, too, but earlier than the rest of the students.
Reds bench, as we knew from Day 1...z...
Your mom is on my holiday to-do list.
It's St. Drunken Season! Get your tickets to St. Drunken's Day soon!
It's pouring rain and the sun is brilliantly shining!!! SO beautiful! SO meaningful! SO inspiring!
If you're doing V Day date night, don't miss their red velvet layer cake! It's a special for the lovey holiday!
had a fun family walk/run/jog this morning!
In need of a change.....same ole same ole evryday day :(
is it really their job to "entertain"? RT : Judge Walton of Clemens trial accused both sides of creating a "boring environment"
wow. Stupid stuff keeps coming out of his mouth
I heard you have a nice house :) this is not a stalker tweet lol
#SCIspa is doing a fascinating round-robin: participants sharing noteworthy trends in their own areas, critiques of the 3 central projects.
Thank you! Re editing online data, will do.
Must wait for the Bluegrass Festival!
Its raining but that wont stop my worship for tonight!
I #love that, it's like I have a stalker!!!
Grab a wrench, pipe tape—and your keyboard!—to celebrate the fourth annual Fix a Leak Week, March 12-18, 2012.
IM SO BORED!!!!
The office is all out of diet coke, diet dr pepper... and zip fizz! Not sure how we can make it through this day!
while everyone is excited for prom tomorrow, i'm looking forward to vs
crappy data (ie. poor quality data) that is released without restrictions (legal or technical) is still open data; its just crappy open data
Last day to indulge in at ! Bon Appetite!
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, He that is slow to anger is better than the mighty; and he that ruleth his spirit than he that...
HAPPY NEW YEAR
you know there great
I miss Frank Whites voice...
did you buy it?
and it's a coors light. Did that come with a dental dam?
what's a pity party? and oh, are you "gettin it in" that palm tree?
I think I'm feeling a little funky because I haven't given myself time to be creative lately. How about you? What do you need to give to u?
for not having my slip I thought I didn't have to have it to be honest
I wish I could just close my eyes and sleep forever but it looks like another sleepless night
We played about 4 rounds of fetch today, if that tells u anything! :-) $$, TPLO version, 3 months rehab/limited activity.
-- That's one of the best ones we read yesterday! Will definitely feature it on our site this week! =) LOL
My favorite seat!
#Adele is rolling deep in #Grammy awards tonight, yay! I think she is amazingly talented, beautiful, creative, and of course a great singer!
Front pouch says Lara
Getting ready to go home
I'm one of those people who liked the Beastie Boys but never actually distinguished among them. It's only now I know MCA's voice.
I just snorted #secondthat : watching people struggle at automated parking structures in LA makes me lose all hope in humanity"
Saw an oriole running around the lake... its a sign we r gonna have a winning season. Go O's!!
BorrisA7XMARS13: KerrangMagazine has saved me from depression this week:L
Dang my Christmas gifts as kid were nothing like the ones today. Glad the 'Easy Bake Oven' is still out there... it was one of my favorites!
One of Beach Boy Rads favorites sites.You are doing Gods work.
RT : is an #IndianaOriginal, congrats on your #FoodTruckThrowdown win!
yes i do!!!! lolz and you know why applejacks :3
PEOPLE NEED TO LEARN HOW TO DRIVE!!! IF YOU CANT THEN DONT DRIVE!!!!
Crying 4 Angel and her family
it's nothing fancy, just a cute thing I got from Hot Topic
Ciph just killed that injured cat remix Lmfao!!!
>Quote: I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. Bill Cosby
how was #AgileUniversity?
thanks - we are in for an incredible life changing experience!!
so not sleeping wasn't the best idea.
Listening to say anything and wishing i was at mandy k instead of doing chores... GO CHOKE ON YOUR IRONY! I love max bemis!
Powers of persuasion for a pig & party on the patio...I am in!
Wishing the new season of American Horror Story would begin already! Xoxo
If the giants win that game was fixed
I'm already dead. I'll rise to fall again..
Amen brother.
No problem! Thanks for the #shoutout :)
I'd like to thank everyone for commenting, liking, and share the content on this page! It means a lot to me.
any room. Just don't think I don't know what ibuprophin is a euphemism for... Hubcap!
have you tried for jeopardy?
He's knocking it out of the park.
Thanks for sharing. Clearly not a yes or no question. :)
": If you really want it... you'll find a way to get it..."
kenya is beautiful. She just seemed...disoriented in the competition.
!!! my ideal comfort food. did he slow-simmer beef trimmings? i'm about to attempt sichuan eggplant for the first time...
Listen to when he says it would have been even worse with in power. 100% of schools would have cut teachers.
One day ill catch happiness and success.
Time for my shoot :) have a great rest of your day!!
oh i love nene but she hit a nerve tonight! comin for L.A. TOYA!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Staying out of court can be as simple as communicating well with an X, yet the courthouse always seems busy
U keep talking about how better things are coming for you but I've never heard once of you not complaining about how your life sucks
So happy for that he finally has the job he's wanted and hours desired! ^_^
Not gonna lie.. this made me laugh... :] RT How did the hipster burn his tongue? He drank his coffee before it was cool
Got a quick run/walk in at #RadnorLake before the sunset. Trying not to skip my favorite things in life bc of work! #EnjoyLifeMoore!
FWIW, I think you need to take a Facebook approach to this. Lose the 'the'. Just
I have legitimately slept nude every night this week oh.
Hootsuite is a fantastic tool for managing your social media efforts at tradeshows and events.
Farscape was the shit. Among the very few decent original shows to come out of the "Syfy" crap-generator.
Increasingly strong opinion: If I'm a UX designer it's not because I sometimes do wireframes but because I always consider the whole.
Sick. No ambition to do anything.
thank you for praising me. (:
>: We don't focus enough on user & client acquisition metrics; how much does it cost to acquire a new client, retain, etc.
That which can be destroyed by the truth should be. -P.C. Hodgell
World premiere of Chris Brown's "Don't Wake Me Up" at 3:10p on
Oh in the valley!!
I woulda went to college if I knew I could fish. Wasn't an MOS for fishing in the marines
wish we could zap ourselves across the country as easily and quickly as a tweet
Obviously my experience isn't the main concern here - just feels strange. Running into death in the neighborhood.
Burning a whole lot down!
Thanks, Jeff:) I LOVE Teachercast!!!!
No problem! Feel free to follow back. :) Go Brewers!
NAW TINA WE GT A GIG OT IN FLORIDA NA WAT WAT WAT WAT U GNE DO LEAVE ME LIKE DEN OTHA SUCKERS HUH
“Where there is ruin, there is hope for a treasure.” <U+2015> Rumi
Here's there are the corpses but no sense of historical awareness, sadly...
did u read the story about the abortion clinic doctor in west Philly accused of killing 7 newborns? Tragic....
Top of the third inning and the Cajuns lead the Lady Toppers 8-0.
The only way around is through.
Hey All! Karaoke starts 2nite at 9pm with Aury Moore hosting! come out and sing for her!
does running to the corner and running back count as running twice?
Dance wears me out so much that I've become so use to sleeping in my tights and shorts.
where ya headed? hopefully staying in the area :)
Bahahaha. Silly guys.
shall I forward them some of my sweet moves?
be like me bro. Take a job in Colorado. Have it get shut down, then move to Nashville. It gets you out and you see the country
Lol, no need to apologize for brilliant comic puns.
WTH is with #MichaelBasden mocking #Caribbean people?
My feet hurt so bad
Oh, I remember how to drive in the snow. I just chose not to use those skills.
thanks. We work to save your ass. Not kiss it. Take care.
wrapping wrapping wrapping!!!!
Tell us, what are you most interested in learning about in the mixology world? Classic cocktails? Beer cocktails? Unique bitters?
What shows are you hoping to see this weekend?
i officiall make this -> =D <- my signature on twitter
It's clear there's nothing I can say that will stop students from emailing me, asking me to send them their indiv grade...
Thanks boys! I'm really hoping our paths cross at some point in this life. Somewhere with boatdrinks?
Compromising doesn't means that you're wrong & someone is right, it only means that you value your relationship, much more than your ego.
lol. Do you ever visit LA anymore?
Amazing Derby weekend at my hotel. 20% growth over last year...best in our region! Our sales team rocks!
Blood Drain Angel's Story out now on #authorhouse.com and #barnesandnoble.com and many more not in physical stores yet
We love springtime. Can’t wait for all these pizza trees to start sprouting pepperonis
oh, you guys are killin' me! and on a payday too....resistance is futile!
NEXT SHOW is Friday August 12th @ Queen Bee's in Northpark..be there!
HAHAHA...yep, that's pretty much what we'll hear from him...if anything at all. :)
phew you're finally awake - lol. Have a great weekend!
Thank goodness for all sorts of wedding widgets and apps! Maybe this new phone won't get thrown out the window after all.
Yeahh, sign me up for those. Are they studios?
RT : Agenda for tonight's special meeting says Sunland Park City Council will appoint a mayor tonight
We are open for Valentine's Day - Sunday Feb. 14, 2010 Make reservations at Havanany.com or OpenTable.com
Interesting RT : Wow! RT : Manicuring the nails has been done by people for more than 4,000 years
he is a 16 years old singer,he is very talented. you can watch his videos from Youtube :)
LOL! I finally HAD to ask!
Back bay? North end? Where are you taking Mom this Sunday?
umma put my hand over your mouth so your boss can't Hear you!
these are the kind of days I want to remember!
Love starting off my Sunday chatting with support about why my internet barely works.
thank you!!!
is cepedes eligible to sign yet?
Ladies, close your legs to anti-choice men. (Sorry honey, this is for baby making only. Go talk to the hand. Your hand.)
Going to Myans or Nostradamus is like king Saul going to the witch at Endore.
So many "douche bag chin strap" beards here at the gym today. Looks like auditions for jersey shore
People are like music; some speak the truth and others are just noise.
...my beliefs are that the business needs to serve the family rather than the family serve the business.- Kathy Ireland
2 runs from a quality start. I know its not great but all things considered, not deserving of Twitter guff
“: Byh if you really having a fake fraternity to represent thirsty ppl. Do something better with your life please lol” #DEAD !
We wish to extend our heartfelt condolences & prayers to the family of #WWEHOF'er Chief Jay Strongbow, who passed away earlier today.
Good luck to friends running the Boston Marathon!!!
Excited for summer adventures with !!!
Follow for a followback. My sister needs followers for her project! Follow for the sake of your HEALTH!
Are you trying to organize your class resources and collaborate w/ students?
them hurry home!!!!
very true...
Another day, another dollar
hahaha this picture made my night! I officially need snap shots with my cats!
thanks :) glad you liked it. It is really fun to mess around with!
Qual ridge Park
Looking good. I found a new template in the sewing section I will be picking up, would make great vines.
Dog Sweat looks super intense
Dang it montee. U gotta b smarter than that
RT : Goliathon LIVE at the #LocalUnderground TONIGHT w/ Fresh•Local•Beer, wine from & food from the......
This is my second day off & all I have planned today is cuddling in my bed.... With my pillow.
i think im getting old...im getting sleepier earlier now :( ive always been a night owl..this is so sad
I don't know how I feel about TLC performing on #americanidol . It was kind of sad without Left Eye...
Yes!!! She's so obnoxious, and Derek Hough is greasy...
just finished reading VARIANT. Wow. It's going to be a great match for my middle school :)
I have received numerous calls from coaches over the past few days..I fully expect some big offers coming for ..and SOON
I will never say never.
double fist
F.L.O.R.I.D.A.... S.T.A.T.E. Florida State Florida State Florida State. Whewwww!
RT : Been a while but I listened to ep. 18 today. True fact, Buck Rogers first name is William so you can call...
surprised I didn't get shorted? Haha ikkk! Mr speilburg was like ur gonna get shorted I know it! And I was like ha no I didnt
yup. I think we can do it.
I'm full board on UVU baseball bandwagon: best player is Goose Kallunki?!! You can't make this stuff up!!
IIHF USA team looks like the LAKings out there. GO USA!
Thanks! One day we will encourage our grandchildren to go into teaching the way parents now do with medical profession.
good morning. Thanks for the follow!
Gaga Saved Pop? Lol she's the one who ruined it!!
go shawty it's ya birthday
if you come the closest without going over do you win the ox?
He's a twat. Well, he's my twat! I... expect that sounded better in your head.
The don't even remove the "P"?
Back home in Texas again.. Excited to see my friends & family <3 .. All smiles
lol im just now noticing how ghetto mine looks
Feeling unwanted.. <<
Watching Green Lantern with Viggle Thu | 17 | HBO 2 HD Get real rewards just for watching TV.
yeah.... I'm #BGC for life it's just a title
u wuldnt hav been able to c anything. Ud need a super lens. Haha it was rele far.
I literally ask myself that question at every meal. So...yes.
check your account settings, you're leaking information.
cold beer m heineken 2 nite dont be scared pop one open !
anything for you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> spread the joy!
My mom always said,"if you dont have anything nice to say the dont say it," and people wonder why im so quiet around then
#FF - this month's featured resource! Download today and find a film festival near you!
I just spilled an entire glass of water on my lap. Next stop is 1.5 he's away.
#ff RT Divas, MPH (Making our People Healthier) is a non-profit org dedicated to improving the total health and wellness of women.
Smelly cat... Smelly cat...
That's why I know your every move ... I'm not fucking dumb dude !
The horse is out of the barn on ALZM. Time to move on.
Drinking chamomile tea and listening to the summer bugs chirping.
follow for follow hahah(:
My shampoo smells like spray paint... #UhhhWhy?
in forever :) ... by freelance I mean ur gonna find ur own gigs and promo urself or ur gonna get an agent and stuff?
I have no talent or passion and I will never make a significant contribution to society.
idk but if you find out let me know please <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Vinny, you have to balance the old lady tweets of with her wild and partying one too. Golden Girl to Kardashian.
All of us at are so proud to be supporting #Zydeco Nation! Catch you on the airwaves.
love you!
Bus drivers are assholes in downtow, with
What exactly is a Pecha Kucha you ask? Find out at www.ebook-summit.com
Hard to beat praise & worship with my 7yr old before school each day. Wish I could every day!!!
Looking for a garage door opener I can control from my iPhone.
I'm gonna lay out tomorrow. Woohooo!
- As a college student and early adult I had no time to follow any sport. Then the Browns moved to Baltimore.
Summer has arrived in #Germany! 27°C in #Berlin and 29°C in
Science Museum Directors welcome Director Hoyos of Moloka Museum in Bogota, Columbia
AVATAR is a Sanskrit word meaning...? Be the first to tweet the correct answer and win a pair of tickets to see Lula Washington October...
Hi Niall :) can you say hi to me? LOVEYOU<3
Presents? [Gets in car].
damn I already got soda and five hour . Good looks though!
It's 819. Next period starts in 50 minutes and my clothes arent even out of the dryer yet. Help?
should be up on stage w/ RMoney, Bachman & all the other RWers. Good 4 you...Ari Fleischer told ya. Bet you're giddy w/ joy
Best invention ever..hidden windshield wipers == no parking tickets
yeah, a 36-question written test. I guess they don't trust drivers who've been licensed for 11 years from other states ;)
What do you #GiveADang about?
Relationships r idiotic
In Texas it's all about the tests. Even w timed tests, the WHOLE day is still given over to testing!
he might have had a heart attack.
I'm growing an epic Fu Manchu, which I will pay a native to weave into tiny braids on my next tropical vacation.
: You welcome. As a recent accounting graduate, I truly enjoyed it!
yeah no lol too early... way too early lol
Test Kitchen tips: Cherimoya
Finishing up this #LAKPHX game, then I'm calling it a night.
Nozzl's web host (MediaTemple) is having technical problems today. Nozzl has been up and down all morning.
I wonder if you know I'm talking to you.
Arcata on Saturday, Facement, come hang?
Overhearing conversation about e books and libraries while waiting for tire rotation at Les Schwab (prompted by a Kindle).
That last tweet was from 2 great surly chefs (is there any other kind?) Being a chef was my 1st great love, until it pissed me off too much.
heyy how have u been
Thanksgiving week, the countdown to good eats & family time!
I'm barely understanding Twitter, LOL.. Idk what instagram even is, haha. Pictures?
Welcome to our network! Creations Hair Salon of Fremont, CA :-)
#FamilyGuy pretty much explained #TeaParty philosophy last night. LOL
Let's try one more time to get the bond.
When people take an hour to text back tho <
Taylor gang or suffocate in boobs!!
Gotta see them all! Scent-sational candles and luscious fragrances.
it's okay? I didn't apologize.... That's awk haha I didn't do anything
Great opening ceremony from at #SATWNZ - and got to preview our 2012 convention!!
Don't wish for something you can't handle.
I dig
That is a delightful fantasy. I'll call it 'The Crapture'.
Most common spoken languages in order Mandarin, Spanish, English, Hindi/Urdu, Arabic, Bengali, Portuguese, Russian, Japanese, German
a Feast for your senses! International Festival this Sunday 5 solos & 3 group dances at 12:30.
no I don't have a church I do counseling but call me with details 4142582307 honored to be considered
Rally! Rally! Rally! RALLY TO SAVE KTRU! Right now at RICE UNIVERSITY, in the quad at Willy's statue.
Hm...not sure how I feel about that.
RT : RT : Affirm - I am all that God created me to be, and I am experiencing and expressing that truth momen ...
#Knicks clinched a playoff spot! Actually better yet, they clinched getting swept by Miami in Round 1.
Tournament Schedules Posted - Starts in 2 days! www.startsmartbasketball.com
Getting ready to present at the #sacubo fall workshop. "10 ways to cut the IT budget (and what not to cut)"
I need to go to the bathroom but I don't want to put a shirt on.
The theme is a salute to Texas Guinan, the legendary speakeasy proprietor & scofflaw. She's be 128 this month
What are the top three music cities in the US?
Yglesias' problem is that movie played in the 1930s. It starred one R. K. Merton.
Time to get some tea from The Tea and Jazz House
I wish every juror had to watch the HBO documentary Hot Coffee before voir dire.
flight booked june 21 - july 2. What are your plans? Ps we cant leave earlier bc Bret has his boards.
So we did it again. Knowing we should quit it but we simply won't admit it again.
You can build an audience on your own, sell directly to your readers and pocket the cash without splitting a penny with a publisher
How dare you golf channel. Put Tin Cup on just as I am falling asleep...
hahha do it and tell the other kid I wanna fight him.
I desire to do your will, O my God, your law is within my heart. Psalm 40:8
Thank you and for the RTs. We can't wait for our recipe contest to start,winner gets a new grill
#MLScup going on now. Let's go LA
Google&#39;s Sly-Fi Network
if its like last year, it'll probably be
will Impractical Jokers be available on DVD in the future?
We host an event every few months where people share their passions in 16 five-minute talks. We'd love to have you come...
that's exactly what I thought!!
Worst part about TNT Game Break is CHARLES BARKLEY. He gets on my last dang nerve!
You going to see them in Bmore next month?
failure to shred confidential information before throwing it into dumpsters is a poor corporate standard. Leave the shredding to us.
Don't know. I just recognized the scenes and jumped up and down in my seat so I didn't pay attention, haha.
#RandomFact Black-eyed peas aren't peas, but beans. And coffee beans aren't beans, but seeds.
I don't have a short temper, I just have a quick reaction to bullshit.
ugh i need to meet again please come to new york very soon! xox <3
Thank you so much. Very happy for them. SO proud too! Waise they aren't going to my #ivyleage school:-)
Since they have mentally handicapped jurors in Florida, I guess I'm gonna have start taking more COCAINE cases over there. #easynotguilty's#
Because what says "first thing Saturday morning" more than poster sessions? They looked great. Congrats to the presenters!
I feel sick ):
In that weird clothes size where I'm too small to shop in the big girl's store, and too big to shop in regular stores. :/
you know who I mean kan? yeah, you know. :)
"Pelo Suelto" by Gloria Trevi is playing on the radio. Happy #CincodeMayo!
Police are at the Westside Light rail ! There's at least 5 of them so keep ya butt cheeks tight !
Being in class on #Aday <<<<
Thanks Phil
What we will hear from players & coaches all week: "We just didn't get it done."
How do you prioritize which social channels to use? Ask your custs. Listen on channels. Via
yes! But I have a conference call at 2:30. Wanted to leave there at 2 pm.
#jenjacobsformayor Deputy Mayor - Lucy the Dog! #makingsandiegomoredogfriendly Don't think I can win.
once I discovered the Enkidu - Charlie Sheen parallel the discussion picked up in class :)
already following! <3 (:
Do u have a map? Because I keep getting lost in your eyes
Yes, losing landing tab=huge. But we're using their platform 4 free. Ads more effective when pting 2 landing tab IMO tho.
RT : yup, me too << this is not cool at all!
Bella Forte Books and Letterpress under many Christmas Trees this year. I love my job! www.bellafortebooks.com
lol idk why you tried me
I need double rice @ benihanas
thank you!! For some reason I can always be sure you'll be about nice about my videos!
This is going to be the best week ever
CALL ME WHEN U NEED YO PUSSY BEATS UP....(IN MY JEREMY VOICE)
I remember finding out in my teens that my cousin Kokie is actually not named Kokie - it's Mohammed. His brother is Mohaned. It's confusing.
can I get a chirp please!? Chirp
Sun hats & fedoras
Got gas? Try reducing the amount of fluids you drink during meals.
not a good day today:(
What are you doing?
no thanks
The boys come to USA tomorrow <3 >>>
I'm gonna pull a prank on my HFA girl's saying I didn't come to school because I went to a meeting with Marist because I'm going back.
Had my blood drawn. Waiting by the phone like a 16 year-old girl.
lol wow thanks.. I think.. No, not really.
Northern Skrillafornia is still the shiznit though!!
what's good bro
Proud of my sister she did GOD . Runnin', jumpin'...ALL THAT !
Oh like i pose to know lol
RT ": Pain makes people change."
thank yuh so much :)
Those who remain unmoved by the wind of joy silently follow the Path. - Bodhidharma
One motto: power through
I'm in the process of reading the same book. It is brutally honest N gut wrenching. She came 2 terms with a lot of issues.
where is your software available for purchase in the US?
#FF Some of our latest followers
What Visimeet features do you use the most?
Delicious self-made Greek salad from our cafeteria. You? :)
do you think the texans nights surprise everyone and sneak in and steal manning ?
Co-Chief Conquistador? Yes, I'm exploring and conquering with my special compass...I am a Doctor of Journalism, goddamnit!
MacDonald's!?
Today is Kennedys final basketball game. Its been a long season. They are losing at the half 20 to 4 :( but she made 1/2 the pointd. lol
Exclamation points and sending the same Tweet twice!
one day you will know I exsist...or not ;)
"It comes as a by-product of providing a useful service"
I'm starting to wear down goodnight Twitter. I going to watch Titanoboa
There is but one philosophy and its name is fortitude! To bear is to conquer our fate. -Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JUSTINE!!!!!!
Getting ready to watch Contagion: hands washed, not touching or sharing anything. Bring it on.
a 9 stone weakling with knobbly knees
good times last night with ! Thanks to everyone that came out and for having us!
thanks :) , thanks very much :)
It's not my list! Haha... I didn't know SobiPro did QR codes. Nice to know!
I miss phone booths & phone rooms in public spaces. Listening to this guy's plans to screw over his friend is not something I want to hear.
You are amazing!!!!!!! Keep doing what you are doing
A room full of prospective students & parents at Jefferson High School. The Middle College community info night is about to start!
hey I'm here at Wilson to watch ebonis lacrosse game in case you're going too! No pressure though
Former Chargers RB LaDainian Tomlinson is likely done playing football.
Me Eitherr ! I can't wait for a sweep.
mausam & escape, fixed, downhill, tire, skid, cool.
:) Yes they are.
#rva. Another great massage from Martha Tyler at Stillpoint Massage Therapy. Highly recommend!.
How often do you get your #naturalhair cut or trimmed?
Must follow she's too funny lol
On FB You Have “Friends” On Twitter You Have “Followers” Where You Can Be Your Own Cult Leader…
You a sell out, but I ain't buyin'
haha everyone knows who you are le'will, no need to be so quiet
I don't think one truly understands the time, effort & details that go into making & decorating a cake. Currently up baking
The Byzantine Fresco Chapel will be open until 10pm tonight - it's their last night on view in Houston. Come by!
I like the shake-up of Bumgarner ahead of Burriss. MadBum is a legit threat at the plate. Burriss has shown ZERO power.
Good Morning, have a fantastic day!
what is the difference between regular and emergency plumber in the UK?
ohhhhmmmggg! Yummy! My jelly rolls are proud to be missing out but I'm missing Nashville! Bahaa
i texted youu, lol text me back
And food.
what ever happened to murphey lee?
Ahh thank you!
can you follow me?<3
are you a tech fan?
that's so gross!
Catch the #Badger game on the big screen in front of
On the road to OSU while you suckers sit in class <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I will and if u know of kids there that would benefit from me talking to them ill help
We all wish CP would "take his talents to Cleveland"LOL!!!
the best headphone experience I have ever had is listening to my Grados.
I ain't wit da argue
POTUS: “In the 21st century, higher education can’t be a luxury—it is an economic imperative that every American should be able to afford.”
Thinking of using Touch 2 for #app development. Does anyone tips they can share?
in good ol lexington man, chillaxin. you should come up here sometime.
Please don't start with my right now.
oh ok cool
I'll be there on Friday! I really hope I get to meet you!!
I love the sound standard PC keyboards make. Such a lovely clicking, more tactile quality they have. Closest thing to typewriter.
Five feet of new snow at Mt. Hood Meadows :)
Just used my victoria secret giftcard for the heroine addiction
D'Amigo gets his 5th goal of the series and the #Marlies are now up 2-0 over the
Sometimes you realize that family ain't shit....
no, you aren't. You are rad!
Why would you take the ball out of Luck's hands on 3rd down?
JAX & MIA are desperate.Tebow single handedly makes them relevant and a ton of $$ too. MIA witnessed start of Tebowmania 1st hand this year
#ASO to the kid in front of me in class who went to the college gameday vote website and didn't vote for wisconsin
don't be sorry! <3
after them?" is a dumb fact to throw out there anyone can have a song named after them but no one
#KellerWilliams #Madison voted best place to work in Madison! Shows the #culture we have & proud to be here!
just concentrate on all the great purchases you'll have to show us when u get home!
no body cuz that dude is played out...bada boom
a Jack Daniels commercial just played on youtube when i opened it. jel?
Graves campaign on Romney endorsement: "While Rep. Bachmann is in Portsmouth, VA today, Jim Graves will be in Buffalo, MN and Ramsey, MN."
Who's going to The NotWedding tomorrow in San Diego? Let's make it a party!
i'm dylan *winks*
Agree - lining up nicely for sure.
“: #schoolmemories when I would play spit with in math class.” omg yes! I miss that ):
Two pairs of yogas just isn't enough
bitch don't got no elbow room!!!!!
spending time on weaknesses does not tap into motivation... wow!
Today I will begin my #SyFy movie marathon with 100 Feet. Anyone seen it?
Completed the Cool Breeze Century bike ride on Sat in 6:05 riding time. Ventura to Goleta, then back to Ventura.
Skyping w (& indirectly w ) totally made my night <3 u boys!
was Mark ever checked out for rabies?
Very cool posters. Early advertising is so fascinating.
Since 1996, $6 million has been awarded to 362 programs serving 15,875 women & children annually. We couldn't do it without you, thank you!
happy birthday! 6
totally agree! still cant believe rivers hasnt taken more heat SOONER for being so bad after chargers dumped brees 4 him!
Like Soilent Green?
so proud of you four! what a ride it's been.
What's good to preciate Da follow
you caught my drift
Check out my latest blog, 'Death of a Dutiful Daughter,' on Simone de Beauvoir's loss of a friend in the journey towards emancipation.
Coming to Vegas on Thursday for daughters 21st Birthday and plan to take her to Craft for dinner Thursday or Friday night
watching the NAACP Image Awards.
Robin Sparkles eh?
After a weekend of aerials workshops & meeting New Haven's "ambidancetrous" community, every one of my muscles hurts but my soul is happy!
Wanted: wizard of social media to help launch our travel start-up into the stratosphere. If you think you have what it takes, get in touch.
in the mobile with on our way to in Claremont, CA to play with and
It's so nice to wake up to a fully functional kitchen.
Don't be like crazy man.
sad...“: BREAKING: Famed painter Thomas Kinkade dies at age 54, family spokesman says. -JM”
Just realized that is 450 Twitter followers from 2000 -- and that means cake in the newsroom! So follow her! She's amazing!
Oh, March we hope.
she was extremely nice and was happy I recognized her.
What kind of bud did you smoke today?
Gallery Night and Day is coming up! 30 local artists showing their work at '30 years of Dialogue' at the Jazz Gallery. Come see it!
hope all is well
you did great!
LOL! RT : Cats humor people because they know that their ancestors ate yours.
thank you for making and me coffee every morning. love my #UWS roomies!
If you haven't heard, Derrick Rose is out for the season with a torn ACL and MCL.
I got to meet last night in Atlantic City! I even got the guitar pic and an autograph. I'm just a bit happy :)
Another one of dem nights dam free style session follow by wings at bdubs with a heat session for a night cap
That's the truth and that is so sad!!!
RT : Conservative strawmen aside, should note most #edreform groups think successful #teachers are UNDERpaid.
I thought about that. Shouting something in sports bar doesn't feel the same as "tweeting". We do what we must because we can
I'm Like Real High Ryte Now
I don't like your attitude.
Sleep is for the weak..
I have made $37 since 11 AM. Paid $25 for parking and spent $15 for lunch. So I've lost $3 since coming to work.
How did I miss passing 2k tweets? It's like I missed the first step of my child.
RT : #CenturyLink name coming to #Denver skyline! New signs will replace #Qwest signs in early August. More details to come.
#3WordsOfAdvice Put God First..
Ok so were trying to figure out sizes for the limited line so YOU have a shirt! What size unisex shirts are you?
u are awesome!!
they better not
Never worry about numbers. Help one person at a time, and always start with the person nearest you. Mother Teresa
#ThankGodForRihanna She's got the biggest ass ever :D
I learned this week that people who I thought were my friends turned out to be my enemies! All because of one tweet. Wow.
#InMiddleSchool There were 6 periods of pure torture....besides P.E.
RIP DONALD YOUNG! whoa
4th graders love Colorado author Justin Matott. Humorous and meaningful. GREAT picture books.
its not an excuse i got so many ppl in my room right now...its hot af, my eyes burn nd shit everybody talkin boutt sum diff
Must. Read. More. Now. Tired of blaming social media for its distractability...
And Fuck You to the lames that hacked my account you scum of the Earth inbreeding assholes!
My brother just ran two red lights o.o Lmfao
party dont start til the other clubs end
Looking forward to NCIS filming at our dock on Wednesday!
hahahahahahaha that just made my life
Yet there are some people - Steve Allen would dissect comedy forever; he's a really funny guy, but he would love talking about comedy
Lights off celebrate earth hour
Libido is high just like my standards :)
she's cute!
annoying tourist shows, truly a piece of California's gold.
I would still probably eat a sub before 8 am sober so I think you're ok.
This chick is talking about going tanning today and she already looka-likea-pumpkin in her avi... smh
Ha its to early bro
can't wait!! <3 I bought a rompa & my mom goes you can wear that when you go to the feast & I was dead, lmfaooo! &
Doing great! How about yourself?
... P1.9 billion from its stake in Philippine Long Distance Telephone Co., acquired last year following a share-swap deal for Digital...
Must See Video!!! "Let It Go" ft. Produced/Directed
where do people get off. I don't mind taking the occasional request, but come on..
Super moon looks great even tonight! Also some great timelapses of today's weather.
Guess what % of libraries do not have a digital library presence? (i.e. more than just a website but content)...
Happy birthday Mr. Rogers!
from , "Every story is interesting, and we all have one."
You've been cookie-bombed! Happy birthday!
Yeah, I DO think Whitesnake is a pretty good follow to #Muppets Life's a Happy Song.
You will not need to show ID to vote tomorrow, but you will need to state your name and address out loud.
Happy Birthday Shelly have fun & enjoy
View from my seat in the ATI club for tonight's #BrewersSMIS event. Pretty cool perspective.
$20 for a single one-time report. Our Pro subscription service starts at $84 per month for unlimited tweets.
If bigger is better, at what point is big too big?
Thank God.. I am so sick of these people. Throw them all out!!
HEADING TO THE DELIVERY ROOM after 17 hours of contractions at home!
We can assist you ONLY on days that end in a 'y'
nope he left to go to the heat, i will cheer him but not retire the enemies number
I just met the most fabulous stylist that does what she loves and makes 6 figures. She can be my mentor anytime!
Garrus is my homeboy!!!
I am existing. Woo.
Good to hear from you HG all the best!!
Apparently 35% of Americans believe in ghosts - 100m people. I find this fact scarier than the prospect of real ghosts
Hook's 15 year cheddar is in the house!! Stop in for a cheeseboard and a Duchesse de Bourgogne. This won't last long!
then i'll kick you...
ON THIS DAY in 1952, Cave 3 was discovered. The cave yielded 14 manuscripts including the Copper Scroll, the only metal Dead Sea Scroll.
Pizza is the "North Atlantic" - garlic cream, mozzarella, capers, red onion, smoked salmon, and spinach. $12. Mention it get free ravioli.
You mean having it as a mom or dealing with it in your child? My daughter has CM w/no syringo at this point.
no one but himself. I'm just saying. This has nothing to do with racism. It has to do with caring for the people of the US
save?? it's worth it if you really want one. i just don't like its piano sounds. everything else is great.
I feel like such a fat fuck today.
got our letter from KO - Dante was selected!!!!!!!!!!!! Yayyyyy.
Indeed Our #Yanks will prevail this evening..
Da week-end with so many things 2do.Adidas store here I come buy 1 get NEthing else in the store 50%off,saw run'n shoes $10/dang Imma getem
Speak not Speek. Nice spelling.
Let's hope the Mayweather-Cotto fight is better than that Redick-Hansbrough skirmish.
can't wait for LOST tonight!
Congrats to and for making it to the Tournament! Good luck to you both!
Did you know that all our food trucks offer catering? Hire one or all of us for your next event!
Nap time before tonights festivities!
Cool new very slaunchy song rough draft! Great prax last weekend with the new lineup. finishing new demo for "Dominion" thurs. >FluiD<
hahahaha then why would you throw that out there? What are you trying to do alert the cousins? Ha!
Tonight at 7:30pm - "The Motorcycle Diaries" (Brazil 2004)
they are now called Big Chow. But the food is the same
ok then..
Let the real race for governor of Wisconsin begin!
Missed my flight to #cwcon due to traffic jam and 1h late bus in Pittsburgh. Flying out early tomorrow instead. :/
Awww my Babe is so sweet <3
LOBSTER TITS!!!
I am so lost
where was my invite??
I'm a bit embarrassed to ask but is the crowd at the terrace for this new #uwseniorday? How in the world did I miss this boat!!
Are u telling me or asking me? lol
it must be that time of year again! Lol.
wonder if Christian Bale is gonna help and perform all talk in Madison on Sunday
oh, it appears the lesson is down completely. Let me check into it. Sorry for the confusion.
she has the best voice in the world
still up!!
Fake Diet Coke! I tried the Walgreens brand recently. Tasted like lysol.
Your one in a million <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Just followed 10 people, who wants to be followed next? (; tweet
DoiNg Preparation for IBM Toronto Conference.... a lot of demos & presentations
That's why I aint even do em cus I knew something in my stomach would be like nanie.. Run! Your dead pal. I'd be pissed af too tho lol.
Use to run streets wit different hoes every week. Which surprises me to be wit one woman now
I would not buy Twitter shares privately anyway. Neither would I buy Facebook or Zynga at these idiotic p/e and peg ratios
Happy to help!
Enjoying the beautiful day. The harvest continues!
Ratings weren't good, I guess. Networks are cut-throat haha.
announce our US Cellular Connection w/ Leinenkugel's and Summerfest stage at 6am!
I hope that the blazers make smart moves rather than being stupid and feeling you need to sign somebody!
crying hahaha... i just browsed the tag pictures of my boyfriend on his facebook account and deleted some pictures that reminds me of pain
The gas light goes on in my car. Then it goes off. Then it's back on. What does it mean?! It's like a double rainbow...just not cool.
Thanks!! “: welcome back”
Crime pays
haha. Found those seats on Craigslist and they were way cheaper than some upper level seats.
REMINDER: The deadline to file your reassessment appeal is April 2, 2012. Call our firm today at 866-273-1941 for assistance.
lmao!! I dont even know if I will be on the sale floor I am a stylist there an we have meetings for the new line coming out!!
cool beans! hes funny!! didn't know his tweets would b that funny! :)
Pelfrey likely out for the season, just what I wanted to come home to, are there even even words ?
The morning joe is HARSH today. Like what the Tin Man would have ordered if Dorothy and Toto would have stopped for a coffee break.
The Lakers got swept in the playoffs with healthy players by the Mavs, that's even worst when you think about it. Yet no one brings that up?
The Internet wars are upon us. People used to fight for territory, soon they'll be fighting for Internet territory.
not sure how a teabagger is the lesser of two evils, but sure
I want a milkshake and I have to ask the pros
MPEG Streamclip should do the trick... and it's free! :)
plenty of opportunities to come to LA. SC has you high on their list and we all waiting for you to pull that trigger.
omg i found these shoes..
We might have an interview with soon! Very excited! :)
my mom is cooking me eggplant lasanga
I thought everyone's pretty (:
Just saw a guy with an "Irish" hoodie on.. All I could think of was Niall Horan. <3333
Never mind--smithsonian app is just a prototype.
Did I reallu just say Orgasm instead of Organism in front of my science class
Good morning!(: ": goodmorning! :D"
Jammeng to all of songs :x tuh this guy is to SEXY!
Happy Thanksgiving from everyone at Pink Banana Theatre! Gobble gobble. :)
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. -George Bernard Shaw
I need a ticket out of this place
Fuck school I'm staying up and watching Halloween movies :)
yeah thats true
ohh yes vinny haha how do u get away with doing nothing? Have a GRAND day!
I hate fucking school!
Looking forward meeting you tonight and of course to here you spin:-)
.......someone bring me more jameson.
HEY GUYS passed all my OGTS [: #EarlySummer!
Thanks for the #ff love. Hope you have a grandiose week!
BIRTHDAY COUNTDOWN: 4 days!
Technology challenges institutional coherence
Being Adele must be pretty awesome.
I KNOW! This is ridiculous!
This weather is crazy!!! I'm about to duck for cover....the aquarium is one if the safest places to be!!
Happy Friday friends! Holy thunder and lightning early this morning! What are everyone's weekend plans?
"Being single doesn't mean you're weak. It means you're strong enough to wait for what you deserves"
swag for days!
ONLY thing I dont miss about my Heights bungalow. Impossible to warm up!
ooohhh, that sounds good. need a fridge full of food so I don't have to decide this wk. Oh & can't sleep past 6am...argh!
If you're traveling to OHSU today RT : OHSU Inclement Weather not in effect. Call 503 494-9021 for driving/parking conditions.
haha no worries...I'll spare you the lashes. I was confused when you said our teams.
can we interview this weekend?
not Everyman is not like that on here <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Oh wow, a GIFT! That's REALLY nice and even better! Hope you enjoy the Osborn book.
don't forget you're playing boston tomorrow
hooray for you indeed! Happy Friday!
North Carolina: In spite of last night, I still like Bojangles, the ACC Tournament, and your great golf.
Team trivia starts at 7:30 $50-$25-$15 could be for you if you win stop out.
New info: RT : Air Attack is over the #LowerNorthForkFire checking out the situation.
I am writing a paper for LIBR 200 class and I would love to have this data for my paper.
I miss the old him...now when I look back at his old self I miss them way we'd laugh and smile :/ we don't even talk anymore..
#imagine you are at this party and you are dancing when Zayn comes from behind u and pulls u closer to his body and you have a dirty dance
Music coalition
red beans, peas in coconut milk, avocado, peppers, tomato
#Fact: When given the choice on Temple Run, I will always turn right.
Now you're just
awe. has food poisining \:
R&B Debut Album ''So Sin Cere'' available on itunes,nokia Ovi,Google Music,Android Markert,Spotify,Zune,Myspace Music,etc
awe. U da man.
People are so backwards... Who says "PAPER, SCISSORS, ROCK?" It's "ROCK, PAPER, SICSSORS," dangit!!!
I think people who constantly stay involved in drama and don't know how to cut it out of their life are slightly slow.
The Rum Diary was about 7 hours too long. Most anticlimactic movie I've ever seen.
Is it just me or is one of the best
Learning to use #Audacity. If someone knows of a straight-forward tutorial, please point me in that direction. Much appreciated.
Nintendo 3DS? ipad2? Sony experia play? new bbq grill?
No sleep.
- I am wearing purple, just read about it last night. Not enough people are aware of what epilepsy really is.
Are you loving it in Miami?!?!?!:)
Lance Armstrong's livestrong social media is great in engaging their stakeholders - Joe Lawless
also to let you know i'll be playing GW2 when it goes live. hehe
now if you can find some in superhero prints I might have to try and convince my wife to try wearing stockings
To sum it up #oscars2012 was a mix of hits & misses
they have to play Arkansas and IF they win that game, then the play UGA in SECC. Gamecocks are out.
hey twitter friend
i love this
In 1994, President Bill Clinton nominated federal appeals Judge Stephen G. Breyer to the U.S. Supreme Court to replace retiring Justice
ill show you mine if you show me yours
Getting sick and obly days til the talent show
calling like a collect'a... :)
I always thought of shitbox as someone's ass.
Alex's gifs are like. Perfection.
Same! It's like saying having a significant other is supposed to validate you or something.
like no offense but if we were to go see it, id prob pay no attention to you. lol
me and the bro coming to see y'all on the 7th
been telling you that for years. You're turning into me without the range....
Aww, sorry to hear that. You know, they only accept 4% or something ridiculous. My advice? Play the lottery.
Joshua Black Wilkins, The Turkeys & The Avenue & its inhabitants last night were FANTASTIC! Thanks to everyone who came out. :)
Thank you for following and the add to your list of artists. Appreciate all the inspiration & support of artists. Welcome!
Thank you!
RT : Family Dollar Stores Inc. says it will create hundreds of new jobs with an $80M distribution facility in St. George, UT.
We are working on something amazing here people!
Listening to 's new lengthened one-oh-three, very solid jam!
Thanks love <U+2764>
Oh, and my wife (I love you!) stomps the floor like an elephant herd every morning as she gets herself ready for the day
Chicago couldn't take on the Heat. This is our House!! #HEATNATION #LBJ 27points #MVP . Lets Go! Haters where you at!?!.
Its beautiful out, and its not just the weather
15 KY House members down, 85 more to go!!!
Wow. Just heard the Duquette interview on & I'm dizzy from all the circles he just talked me through.
this self deprecating Romney is new - admits that altho he failed to invest in Jet Blue, it's now one of his "favorite airlines"
Very excited for Ultraviolet Festival!
yanni is like the musical fabio :)
You've read TWO bible verses and now all of a sudden you just know what its about. GTFOH
break legs!!!
how you gonna tell me?
AH! It sounds like he'll recover quickly. Wondering if he'll miss the annual meeting? Would be the first time in 40+ years.
omg are you serious??
Hoping can pull off his 8th win in Monte Carlo this weekend. Suerte!
Tears for beers. Wa wa
The Pacers are looking nicee tonight! This is the team we all wanted to see the first game.
Excited for my first day at Hamiltonian Artists!
money can't buy you love cause it's overpriced.
If the wrong paradigm can get in the way of progress, how do we make sure ours won't? I go to TED talks for motivation! What do you do?
So glad to read you loved the crab cakes! Thank you for coming in!
Merry Christmas America!
Oh, yes, that's newsworthy. And a reasonably happy-ish ending.
Not again , didnt Rachel or Brendon win first HOH of the season last year on #bb12 #bb13, and how stupid was Evil Dick to belive Rachel
I just Love rufus !!
#Brewers #Cubs on ! Let's go BREWERS!!
RT : Chris Bosh doesn't walk he glides. I'm almost positive he has a belly ring. Fruit cake.
Only u want only u need, and Only You can make the choice !
thats what I'm saying lol
your mom
thank you!
How do you mix it up so that you do a hybrid? That sounds interesting...
If your sport doesn't produce a dime, your players shouldn't be paid.
about to walk out to the beach now. Going to head by roach and the crew on a bit.
yes it's nowhere near as brilliantly acted
Haha I am!
You played a hell of a tournament - sorry to see it go busto in such a shitty spot.
sorry manchester united wow how did that happen manchester city
xpctng thunderstorms in N IN 2morrow have not heard how strong they will B yet :)
i knew they would get It passed. Was so happy yesterday
Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. Steve Jobs. Marketing takes the guts to promote weird! Go! Mendell.
Are you going to continue wrestling? I'd rather watch your movies! #RockTalk {{HUGS}}
Sabrina is amazing...cant wait to meet her
Loving God, you have sustained us through the darkness; now you bless us with life in this new day. ~RT
Stroking the football #totally not weird
Obama: protect investments in medical research instead of cutting taxes for wealthy.
Support at Lone Star Steakhouse Alexandria on 5/6 from 11am-10pm! Mention Lucky Dog Animal Rescue to donate 15% of your reciept
Yeah, I've been meaning to get around to doing something with it for a while too. Finally found my excuse!
That girl got fucked up in those hurdles
At the strip club foolin
same thing on my way to work but it's a taco truck.
So many damn things on those comm sales that I want to snag. I must control my eyes.
Aaaahhww, right? I remember when we added each other because we planned to meet up the weekend of Jingle Ball with Val. :)
I miss you like crazy!
You as well :)
thank you, christina!!! :)
Really Doe
actually, no, im more worried you'll get an STD...that shit aint cute
I will after TG. Check back!
We love getting Retweeted in other languages. In fact, we should tweet in the languages that we speak.
Well thats their fault cuz they're missin out on a really gr8 person.
the fest is live till the 18th check it tomrrrow. have a good night!!
RT : Currently in the studio, cleanin up that & "Army Strong" track as we speak ...
I'm ready to with #IITGrads2012 a big congratulations on May 12! Just one more week!
Doesn't sound like your day is getting on very well at all. Hope things take a turn for the better.
Stale peeps
"Shadow Project helps me with reading because I get more knowledge in my head." Dreyona, age 9.The Shadow Project is aiding < 1,300 kids!
you are adorable! have so much fun!
No that was a type error. I read that first last year. I dropped the link as soon as I saw a captive audience.
I can't look at following anymore.. Im surprised is still following me. Hm
is Gay she likes boobies ladies beware
a little tired, been under the weather a little. Hope that your feeling better.
dont lie an use God name in vain
Got a plan every day at six a.m.
Just saw interesting talk about Tokenization vs Encryption for cloud data protection given by
lmao favorite line to say...
Michael sure would be pleased if the King would like to stop by for a sandwich.
About to upload it baby!
can't wait to get a lil pup to run around with.
Agree. Too cocky. RT : RT : One other note, Wade is really getting to be a jerk. He's hard to root for.
- I CANNOT wait for An Idiot Abroad season 2 to hit the US airwaves in January. Pure genius.
THANKS new Followers!
I do better in my Shower,man it iz noise~!
Just watched "Down By Law" for the first time since it's release 25 years ago. One of the all time great Indie releases!
Glad to hear it!
Kierkegaard, Neitze, Socrates and Plato. All very smart, but couldn't bake a potato. Overlook can though :) Order some great food...
You have no idea!
We need to meetup one of these days!
I've been so happy n I don't know why but I love being this happy :))
Of course mom LOL (that's what she always tells me). I'm sure the trip will go alright
The road to success is constantly under construction!
AWESOME! You go, Girl!
I want him<3 He lives so far away</3 I wouldn't mind but he might<3 I love you<3
OH NO !!! This man sound like cleaveland brown lol
Please reconsider appearing on The Adam Carolla Show. He is one step away from going full on Dennis Miller.
anyone who wants a shoutout can get one!
Hey Delgado! I was watching your highlights as a Met. Sure do miss ya! You were one great player! Your a beast! Go Mets!
"What is the right motivation for work? To Glorify God. Glory =God's presence + beauty."
# ThingsIReallyCantStand people chewing with their mouth (Ewww !)
But I did like the way I had it before.
i plan on hanging out with soon so she better make time for me
": connect the cuts connect the cuts!" My sis brother and I always say that to eachother! Lmao
Hot chicks that date ugly dicks<<<<<<
silly woman come here let me hold you, have i told you lately, i love you like crazy girl <3
I remember when I saw you on ANTM. I rooted for you to win. I knew you would. You're amazing. Don't change
Money Saving Tip #41: Don’t fear leftovers – instead, jazz them up.
why I worry about the value of social media ranking tools: "Hey Beau, Klout believes you are influential about Donald Trump."
it's cool I guess.?
gladly hosting all the competitors and spectators from playing at Octagon field on Roosevelt Island today!
That is great! He is so cute!
so is there anything new from chris
God's favor!
I dont know!
There are so much people DMing me! :(
u got a girl u been waiting to call? lol
You sing about things ANYONE can relate to. That isn't very often anymore.
No church in the wild.
May 10 B-Day Time: DJ Rony Seikaly, Jerome "Junkyard Dog" Williams, Young MC, Sid Vicious & Sam Dalembert.
Today I discovered the best Whole Foods in the universe in Redmond. I want to be a little mouse who lives there in the cookie aisle.
Super! RT : I look for passion, commitment & ability to pivot. RT Can you "judge" start-ups before the marketplace does?”
you from the ill MIL?
Shrek got a standing ovation last night. You can take the kids today or tomorrow.
Yes we ship to Canada, what fragrance you are looking for and how many so I can give you a shipping quote? Thanks
Many thanks for the RT and !
Im bored, any needing a shout out for more followers, just ask me :)
Congrats to for his Grammy nominationfor best new artist! See you on NYE in Milwaukee
recorded a podcast today with Nathan Martin () one of this year's keynotes. Look for the recording from soon.
well that's #always a plus!
: are yours?
PLEASE STAY!
RT : Thank sweet Jesus it's almost Friday! And thank Zeus the show is just 24 hours away!!!
what the fuck twitter stop being stupid.
Anyone else headed to the Grassroots Advocacy and Political Messaging Meetup tomorrow? Looks promising!
Looking for something unique to try this weekend? Hit us up! We are at 1138 Bethel Road in Columbus.
Starbucks all the way!
gotta get'm in when you can. I like you though. You call it like you see it.
Chris mann and xtina duet was so on point.
Happy Mother's Day, ladies! (YOU are looking gorgeous today, btw...)
“There must be more to life than having everything.” R.I.P. Maurice Sendak - Hope your supper's waiting for you and that it's still hot.
Federer not going to finals in Wimbledon, this has brought me down a peg from my root beer milk joy.
Awe ^.^RT : I haven't been so happy in a long time. :)
Doin the math of gas and miles it's gona take me to go to work and back! Thats a lot of gasoline!! and miles!!! xD
is it really snowing!?! wow
Two bad this week's SNL is a rerun. The show's two brothers would have gotten more airtime.
RT : #RESPECT , #SALUTE on #SHOUT keep #MUSIC alive
Thunder, Rain, Wind, & Palm Trees about to crash through our window oh my!
Rapping seems to make my brain focus better...I think that's why rappers smoke weed every night coz their head overloads
Just like a teacher on vacation... YOU GOT NO CLASS!!!
Just turned on the TV Glad you are ok Thanks for posting
You did? I really hope he was able to put a smile on your face:)
wonder if the kids will have a delay tomorrow. I'm south of you .
Yes!! : FYI: Creatives w/ no interest in running the business need to add a business partner when pitching investors.
Kimbo Slice with the steal. Harden is tough!
I would like all xstrological signs
And to game 7 we go.
Financial experts need schooling
what Mikey tweeted you: OBVI ABOUT US FROM CHICAGO teheheheheheh
I'm in love with cities I've never been to and people I've never met.
": Most people put more thought into Facebook status updates than Herman Cain has put into running for President."
TUESDAY MEETING tonight at 8:00p in Monroe 114. see you all there! and at 's V-Day reading fri, feb 10th in the Alum House.
When you become a partner you become a part of the vision of your connection you've made. So when you join a team be sure their vision beco…
Nice. Emerald or class assignment? Let me know if you need any help interviewing people. I can hook you up.
Walk off grand slam for Inge!!! Five infielders can't do nothing about that!!
The things I hate the most about break-ups is the questions u get asked and the constant reminders of them..
That is awesome!
ahha i was thinking the same! Unless maybe i do both hm :]
Oh now that's just too dern much! #MicromanageMuch? Sheesh.
Got 18th at regionals today with two falls not too bad
Sam Coniglio braids his pubic hairs
Now c'mon Aggies! Keep the upsets coming!
This weekend was great . <3 Got to see Grandma, Grandpa, Kitty, Colton, Ben, PJ, Zack, Beth, Tyler, Candice, and Aunt Shelley . <3
thrilled that it's friday and had a blast playing last night!
Isle seat! I got a feeling thing are coming way. Spring training here I come!
I'm leading the program team meeting in 10 mins. Basically using it as an excuse to get everyone out of the office for a coffee run
All facts do not come in 140 characters or less. Do your research!
Wore sleeves out for the first time today. I feel I missed that awesome moment of putting them on after!
Cafe Iberia features a new espresso on the go! Check out Cafe Iberia on Facebook!
Human error. Thanks for the catch !
In Tha Gump shooting the last scenes for Poke Dog Ft Lier and Sackman - Big Dreams
which one?
What's more confusing? Bands at SXSW or RSD releases? Me, I'll take a Lightning Slim 78rpm over all of it! Less confusing for sure!!!
Oakland winning against the Chargers. I can't pick a game to save my life.
Thanks for the tweet! I hope to attend ; look forward to seeing you there.
Your profile picture needs no words !! I jus love it
just left #Perimeter with the lovely doing what girls do best!! yall show love.. she's in the city!!!
": The more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle. -Unkwn"
Deaf, dumb and blind. "trying to be a playa with so many woman"
Aladdin's Lamp Book Store Going out of business sales in June - Arlington, VA 703-241-8281 - books, puzzles, puppets, Baltic amber jewelry
HAHAHA. Think bigger! :)
Girls= Drama
ALL FIVE CHOICES ON INSTAGRAM
You'd have to be pretty thick to believe the WisGOP would actually say something like that.
Just saw the #Conan blimp on our way into Chicago. Neat.
Well...I went and put it out anyway despite waking people up...but we gotta do what we gotta do right? So waking up in 5 hours...yay.
Good Morning Alex! Hope you are great!(;
Stay tuned for details!! thanks for the tweet shoot me a email
Funny ladies Tina Fey and Kristin Wiig look FABULOUS!
Realizing you've been replaced #thanks <<<
i think she likes me 0:
Go get some fish, make us proud.
- good idea. I got the land. Barbecue?
My term paper will be awesomee lol !
We're awesome! Hope to see you in class
i didn't realize there was a racine one!!! is it new? I'm doing this race in July in MN
Oh wow at trending topic
Time to see what fitocracy is about. Any means of workout motivation, especially in video game social media form, is a plus!
Semis these guys are killing it!!!!!!!
Just being honest... #ku needs some luck down stretch here... Lazy turnover, tough bounce, "nudge" in back haha
Solution to hidden collections ... Make friends with the archivist.
I feel a shift in the atmosphere. Feels like the gloves are coming off, whether we're ready for it or not.
keep up with the huge up and coming music scene in #Branson MO by following my friend
I'm going to have one tonight lol :)
See ya Nashville. Heading home with the kid who is half done with college. Time flies.
Survey says?
Huzzah indeed! Although, I wish you could join us for the movie tonight. >:(
Just had the best idea ever!
Talked to winner James Prather today. He's $34.5 million richer, but wasn't real talkative with me. Shocker, right?
Anyways finally took my placement test, I hope I did good on it.
Such a happy chick!!!
Viva el Friday!
RT : "The state of AL is telling me who my friends can be"
it was a great conference. I think there will be recordings of the conference available at some point.
thanks again
Power of the Bull Terrier Pulpit? RT Keystone XL
Dub step is the shit
Anything going on Memorial Day weekend? I'm contemplating a trip since the 17th-19th I'll be on East Coast but unable to see people.
skipping cheer tonight, my fever is escalating.going to CVS to get some meds.
Is it me or is masturbation essential to the creative process?
I HATE when that happens!
So Come and Get Me!
Martinez is going to smash Macklin.
Super time on the media bus tonight! Welcome to #Indy world!
I watched it on a bus! Definitely felt a bit awkward.
they say that shit lame but we drinking
What is it? RT : So, who's going to do the flash blog for #Autism Positivity with me?
Great weather people, go out and enjoy it, i am on my way to a tennis court
Of course mama! Good Morning :)
To all the artists out there, take a bow, you are creating the future. Thank you.
#pastors everything you need to accomplish Gods plan for your city is in the House! Start working w/ what you have!
no one likes you;)
those come standard when you sign your contract to live tweet our games ... Playoff bonus
Last drama class of the year :( . can't believe you missed it!
thank you thank you
Saw the movie Chimpanzee. Beautiful story, Stunning photography. Amazed at how all the little kids in the theatre were spell bound & quite.
This Peter Bjorn and John song reminds me of when #GossipGirl was new, and awesome.
How far outside GA 12 do you live exactly?
I wish you all could perform players ball and I wish goodie could do goodie bag and then for the finale black ice : )
we act like this win is both of ours....
long night man lol thats all i can say
Oppose policies that undermine women. Stand with We, the Women.
Big props to , , , and for their awesome input to on social media today.
We've received some great answers to our giveaway question: How do you give back during the holidays?
is cracking up laughing at one of his male neighbors that is bumping Janet Jackson's song "Control!" He's probably doing the "snake" too!
I think we are free next weekend. You?
I'm ready to meet this summer at hoot fest :)
cool. in mexico if a girl is white or blonde they call her affectionately güerita..
I just showed this to Cherokee. We are cracking up!
well its close enough lol hahha
thanks man, I'm withholding my vote until I get a few more.
what them FLAKERS gone do ??
World economy: An Act of exploiting cheap foreign labor for mega profit$/corp gain$
#youknowyourfriendsarehigh when they call it.
Doubt Eli will ever match Peyton in charisma & camera-presence, but could still up his deals by $3M a year with a win.
Who bought the hard copy of #WTT?
I'm expecting a very important call.
Mobile, social, rapid, real-time are the new required modes of learning says Metcalf from
Related: just walked by two girls who aren't wearing pants
can we enjoy the weekend with a dinner out possibly? <3 you and welcome back!
Yes. They. Are. I died when they came on. I was a huge fan of them before they even got live (the day before :P)
You bigots are bound to lose! It'll just take longer in some places. (Even Oregon is on the wrong side of the divide, but in a few years...)
Thanks for the RT!
thank you for the music monday!!
this is why i have such great spending habits.
I'm going2a kendrick lamar/big boi concert this weekend so Cartoons&Cereal,General Patton and some krit have been in play.
great site! i will be adding my world travels to it
Foggy and out of sorts. Come on, coffee, do your thing so that I can do my thing!
Aftereffect of watching IN A LONELY PLACE: Reciting Shakespeare sonnets in a feigned drunken voice.
why did my dog just do a drive by fart right at me? what did I do to deserve that dick move?
ROFLMAO! 's updates. He's all up in the trending topic #whatimreallysaying & I'm RTing & laughing!! This kid's funny
": New rules will disproportionately affect minorities and underprivileged student-athletes"
rocks my soxs off <# .
pussy lips of course
#NW Harlem Nights
Hello new followers ! I hope you guys had a good day!
if u have salad, u can't even claim to just go there for the wings!?!?! ;)
WAS it free speech? #rushlimbaugh If he can say w/e he wants, how can his bosses make him apologize? This is not a 1st amend't issue.
John King looking stupid again as he needs the crowd to do his job for him. What an idiot!
- Yo! I used Twitter as a news feed, for the most part. I rarely send anything out.
Noon, UWM Union room 183. I can shoot you an email with details.
#CTA bus hauling' ass I see you and am right here with ya ;)
You were my inspiration!!
#nmsugraduation what a beautiful prayer.
#OWIF: I can hear Maurice the Giant Carp swimming around outside, but before I fall asleep I keeping thinking I hear other noises, too.
you are correct. These pictures are gorgeous
seriously, if not SW, ?
White Fang came upon him unexpectedly
#FirstEdition packs up the clubs & heads to the #Masters. joins us w/ the leaderboard & green jacket
James Fairchild Opens in the Hamptons A new store from the former vice president for design at Ralph Lauren offers home and fashion items
Me and just made that shoe of blackjack our bitch...
Haha I'll keep that in mind
Fitness Tip 5: Protect yourself from pollution!
kota says i'm "just conner to her" bitch please, i'm CONNER MOTHERFUCKING MURPHY.
#whenaguy tells you you look beautiful with no makeup and you're silly for putting it on. #sosweet #babyyoulightupmyworldlikenobodyelse :)
If you were going to try out for American Idol what song would you sing???
Coverage/analysis/guests viewpoints from tv, radio etc this week leading up to and during Survival Sunday, grade it. Please.
What else are you looking forward to? I think both Prometheus and Dark Knight Rises could be great.
So excited that someone came forward and did the right thing....
Awesome show last night! Big thanks to Gang Age and Newspaper Taxis for great performances.
Don't know
definitely keep up the great work!
In need of a hair cut ... Time to even out my hair ..
How to please a man: Show up naked Bring beer x)
bra the Bengals making me mad they don't never do nothing with in free agency got all that money Mike Brown boa!!!
packing for #dc2009 in Seoul
RT : Thanks to of Pro Football Weekly for joining Drew to break down the drafts of the AFC North teams!...
Happy Anniversary I love you more than you'll ever know.
Dalton F talks about you a lot when hes talking to Karli in 2nd period
and i most definitely am rooting for the rangers
Amazon truly has amazing customer service!
I miss your face.
no I am still dying in bed. I am guessin today was a day Peggy scheduled this segment lmao
Is it true your Hobbies often become your career?
Dear every Zerg player who has ever built a hive. Stop forgetting the adrenal gland upgrade for zerglings. 20% damage is neglected! :[
Or at least get through there storms.You dont have to go through it alone.
no bueno /: sorry for that loss && nice school for what? And I'm good working/ trynna get into school
Wesley snipes gettin bank so I mean u kno now franklin on the other hand idk
The love that Justin Bieber fans have for him is unreal!! *i Want My Fan Base/Follow Base Like that*
HaHaaa... Set yourself up for that one buddy. Lol
I can't wait till I see
Had the pool to myself this AM. Swam my laps and watched the sun rise. Let's hope the rest of the day is as nice.
this is exactly what we like to hear!!!!!!!!
Congratulations Nidhin Pattaniyil! You've won a raffle prize. Come claim it at the registration table.
love you!!
changing opinion Thompson. Quick off ball vs FSU. Gets solid push. Extended arms well. Collapsed pocket. Plays to whistle.
thank you bout time we all figure it out LMFAO
Fuck Happened To SUNNY and CLEAR…
for #workshop/audition cbeckin out their "professional program"
Appreciate the RT!
Thankful 4 the difficult, negative, close-minded, ungrateful people I've met on my journey. They've shown me exactly who I don't want to be!
So bored. Maybe I should do my hw...Nah
Former #YukonQuest champion Aliy Zirkle currently leading the #Iditarod - will she be the first woman since Susan Butcher in 1990 to win?
#abq Looking for a roadside spot for your pumpkin stand - I have a variety of locations available from $350 month call 4801602
then he wants a piece of ur ass lmfao if hes callin u then he wants ur attention (;
Wow I havn't tweeted in forever... Ok I am now making it a priority!! So what has everyone been up to??
I was initially concerned with only 16gb of internal memory and no microSD port on my phone. Now I don't think I'll ever use it all.
I only ask for this, please stop hurting me
Facebook is for all the kids who liked 'show and tell'. Twitter is for all the kids who liked to go out back and smoke.
Texting him :)
Dad told me today that if I don't get my post-move voting situation worked out, might as well cancel next flight home
Facebook Brand Pages are said to be a desired format for future engagement. Note taken.
the Force is strong with me...at least I hope it is...gotta battle some stormtroopers at city hall a.k.a angry citizens ;)
Looking for the best sites w/ statistics on things like health, employee health why biz supports fitness Any Suggestions?
I called.... Twice!
Friday night: Jim Ripp 6pm, Richard Shaten 9pm Check in on foursquare to earn free drinks!
I did awful
Obi Wan. He's the one who tells Luke to see Yoda in the Dagobah system
".... as we know it. And I feel fine." Name that tune!
RT : Session 5, "Surround Yourself With AMAZING People" is about to begin at the 2011 Christian Coaches Telesummit!
Ok someone tell Steve Blake this isn't #LobCity & that he had no business trying to do that.
3.5 lbs down so far. I am pleasantly surprised. :)
I didn't even know the Fail Whale was still alive.
just woke up from my Saturday nap to Notre dame football
Yep don't want him biting you and getting drunk
Easy answer: "Rill Rill" crowd surfing closer.
New studies have correlated the recent rise in teen pregnancy rates with the advent of "Abstinence Only" Sex Education. Just sayin...
We'll tweet as soon as we have more information. Yesterday (we forgot) was a holiday here; today ought to bring news.
The Blenderz will be taking the stage Friday and Saturday night from 6:30-9:30pm.
im done
"Everyone lives by selling something." - Patricia Fripp
omg!! You are coming?! My day has been made!! :D
thanks! I really hope I get it. And I go to Starbucks all the time, just not before school.
thank you Todd. Hope your weekend was great, I sure am sleepy this morning! Have a good one...
We are thinking about #fundraising options. Any thoughts? First we tried our couch, but $2 in change isn't gonna get us there.
when it opened for android users- monday, to be exact.
it's Ana amazing day in Vegas
pretty good jus tired ive been working my butt off /: hbu
Dont feel to good hopefully sleep will help Goodnight people
Really enjoyed my annual trip to St James Park last night
Thanks! My crystal ball comes handy.
Upset w/ for canceling my return seat. No reason, no apology. #fail way to treat a #MileagePlus Platinum flyer.
I wish i could stay outside all day.
The sun is shining, the weather is sweet.... our patio is open and the breeze is PERFECT!
I want to go homee
Some athletes suspended 4 possible #NCAA rules violations. Athletic prog not suspended.
Motivation is like food for the brain. You cannot get enough in one sitting. It needs continual and regular top up's. -Peter Davies
With my sisthaaaaaa :)
Did you dig George Mann's vintage color film of the Three Stooges at Atlantic City? Stay tuned for more wild, unseen stars from the vaults!
N now i think #oomf is messin wit me... But who
Morning bootcamp was a lot easier last week when it was 60 and sunny at 6 am :-( Still freezing!!
Hope u made it out to hear Every Minute Can Kill tear it up tonight!
Your soo adorable and a good dancer too.(:
Think I'm falling for you <3
thank you
Would you agree that men often makes a fashion disaster? If so, what do you think are the common fashion mistakes men make?
Decided on this post after arguing furiously about how good Byron Scott's been at player development.
"Civics"...boring...but it's Power.
Thanks for the follow, -- can't wait to hear the Tradewinds jingle.
Ok, I am sorry but Juliet Simms just #pwned the stage on
watched, laughed, and almost peed our pants last night. New appreciation for you and your humor Adam! Great job haha
Serious inquiry. Does anyone have a banana or monkey costume I can borrow this weekend?
I Am Already A Fan, I've Been Following You Ever Since My Manager Told Me About You... Lol...
Thank you sis...
you should come at like 4 cause thats when Taylor gets here. And its always awkward with her..,
So sick...this actually sucks.
Thoroughly enjoying my Dunkins coffee bedore heading back to Austin :)
where you at son?!
hey whats good
bout to get unfollowed for those comments... Lol just kidding
You could include water textures on your webinar ads, alleviate your visitor's inhibitions and make the sell.
Didn't even realize it's friday the 13th
Gonzalez Northgate Market rocks! Just visited for the first time and had real authentic Mexican Food!
Happy labor day Weekend find out how to get funding to ur business that means money read more www.justsmellsogood-nation.com
Chlorine makes me tired.
Thanks Mary! Happy New Year!
,Elle, & wrks so hard for me i appreciate them so much
u suck, u r everything that is wrong with pro sports owners. I will not spend a penny on anything Colts.
Is she also the only one who said in April to forget about Justin Duchscherer because he will never be healthy enough to pitch here? Yes.
looks nice and beachy. :)
Banned list for BF3 is getting bigger and bigger lol. Cry babies will be Cry babies
I'll never get over my life for jersey
go follow lol i cant even name all of #teamsongbird just go follow
bottoms up
FOLLOW BACK :) AND TELL PPL CHECK THE MUSIC OUT THX
and let the the CHUCH say AMEN!N! N
Looking forward to meeting Hemingway, Fitzgerald, Porter, Stein, Picasso, Dali, and even Alice...What a great flick
On Facebook I post inspirational things. On twitter I can say "shit" without catching flack from granny's bridge club.
Who has fun plans this weekend around town? What are you up to?
the demand has always been about a more equitable and fair system for the 99% who are the wage slaves supporting the 1% lifestyle.
I didn't know you had twitter ! Welcome !
RT : U had great moments in ur life, share ur stories & preserve them for future gens. Like it?...
The new peach pinkberry flavor is so good. I don't even want to talk about it.
Want to know what's up in #wickerpark and #bucktown? Be sure to follow us at !
Great start to #ylyc10!
Just watched Princey positively love-maul A. Jackson for walkoff win BOSvDET- ahh, def like watching a family member. Let's get it tmw Crew.
State Boys Over Here. My Antie Betta Close Her Mouth & Say She Aint See Shit !!!!
so there, man.
Thanks to all that made this weekend such a GREAT success. NEW FORMAT this week starting on Tuesday & then on Thursday nite
I can tell you Dave & Terrie are both nice, well-respected and well- qualified. Sorry, prob not much help
you get me to follow you on twitter for this?
That's KY left over from the Mets' collective assholes Schneider had oil or KY in his glove, not sure which.
Most of Apple's cash comes from outside the US. Interesting.
Tried going out to the "car" at work just to ride my bike but my dumb ass lead is afraid of what?
Marcus Houston Naked (: Hiss Bestt Sonqqq
Did you see this? Burger_Lounge - Yup, just today from 3-9pm! RT Is the free burger thing today only?
My boys brought Anacostia to NW today. Little kids running past said "Move out of our way!" Had to hold some of them back.
"She will"
Wow! Durant!!!! Great game.
Winning? RT : well, I only saw 2 penises in Pioneer Square on my way to Safeco tonight...
Who has put their organ donor status up on FB? I have!
don't want to be mean, but it has become a "dead horse" of an example...
has taught me all I know...I owe him for little coolness I have. Thanks You are truly my hero! MUST FOLLOW
That right there, my friend, hits the nail on the head. I can see both sitting for more than a single game.
years and years
Weird. I'm intrigued but also frightened. Getting any?
What a coincidence! That's my aproach to a winning presentation as well! :-)
Katy Perry/SnoopDogg to be sued 4 Copyright Infringement & theft of the Simon Thunder 2008 song "Cali(fornia) Girl"! Stay tuned 4 details
Clearly Frankie Rodriguez realized he was an out away from a clean inning and walked a guy out of principle.
Susan Rice, our UN Ambassador, effectively characterizes irresponsible North Korea missile launch - she's good. - JDG
Awesome weekend!...So glad a Christian won the Masters on Easter...way to go was so much fun to watch
Enjoyed Bresson's methodical "A Man Escaped" tonight.
Wanted 5 corn dogs. Ate 7. Because I knew I would be upset there were only two when I went back next time.
Why does twitter like auto stop following ppl and ish :p
night victoria grande <3 lmfao i love you so much :] hope you have fun tonight at wango tango!
Da heat is looking good let go
thanks so much!
these farm fresh eggs are quaint and all, but we really should find a way to make them more uniform, more white, more boring
how is this used as far as being in the US but selling and working with other countries?
Seems unfair.
*dougies* RT THE VIDEO IS IN! #RightByMySideVideo from feat. is uploading now! Thanks, #TeamMinaj!
Don't stoop to the haters' level.You're doing what you love & you're extrodinarily talented at it. Jealousy is a very ugly thing.
you can't see it, but I'm laughing.
hey we'll be posting some of our previous work later on today.The new material wont be out for about another month or so
Pondering opening talks from #BioIT12. I'm not sure that a software app/pipeline can ever be more then 50% of the solution for clinical WGS
I do what I want smurf dawg
My first book is available on Amazon, I know there were some issues over at createspace, so it will now be much easier to order.
ohh lord, haha we shall make a date soon! I heard you got a jeep, I'm coming to ride in it soon :)
I feel like death. Holy hell
I know! One of these days we will coordinate schedules!
I love Your new Album always and will be a very BIG FAN!!!
I heard that episode too! I had no idea that was an Indiana thing.
It looks like we are going back to in two weeks for a quick weekend trip! Woohoo! Now...where to stay?
Woohoo! Thanks for visiting The Lube!
Do you have first steps in mind to help break down these silos? Saw weekly chat idea--anyone else have success?
I don't have a guitar lesson this morning, going to my sisters dance show at the Albright Knox museum later today. should be interesting
A bold claim, methinks. True...but bold. ;)
Cant wait to see my updated headshots!!!
Really excited for lunch today! some co-workers and I are going to for their work week lunch specail!
Now following ;) Appreciate man!
dude, that sounds good to me. I suggest that you bring food & a drink.
Watching the #spazmatics at tonight. I Love the 80's!
Hah "Money From Strangers" is trending and has the top tweet
#CareerTipTuesday: Target your job search. Don't just apply to 100 jobs because its easy-Find jobs that you are serious about.
Remember Joey? Yeah that was a thing!
the questions kind of repeat themselves in a way so i can see how you can do that
Everyone keeps tellin me to get a twitter...lol whens a better time than 6am
And my day begins with a cancellation...time for paperwork and other sundry documentation tasks.
Thanks for sharing that TED talk, Mari. Really, really powerful. Will include in August #reverb11 email!
I'm choosing.
it beats a lot of the junk I have been watching. How did your day as a gym teacher go?
#WEWORKIN Got one for us already #CUTDACHECK Lets get it in....
Do thy CSA homework to make sure you get a good one.
Go for the Mac Mini with wireless trackpad and keyboard. It has HDMI. Use any internet account - Netflix, Hulu, G+, whatever.
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking. -William B. Sprague
can't wait beautiful <3
theres supposed to be a presale tomorrow but i dont know the details or how to get it. otherwise general sale is may 5th :)
I miss playing soccer.
makes me laugh every time.
Want a free copy of #BigPhatPussycat on vinyl? Come to SubT tonight, mention this post after the set & it's yours. We play at 8.
It's certainly an interesting notion. Might turn campaigning on its head!
thank you <3 you're amazing yourself :)
“: The old WSJ would have exposed just how idiotic Murdoch is. Selling it was a national tragedy.”
Norm Duke has gotta be pullin in the ladies..
Planning to take part in today's 1pm User Group? Remember to sign up at least 1 hour before start time to ensure your space in the webinar!
MY LIFE IN FACEBOOK (Esp4) "Strictly Facebook" Premieres tonight at 7pm! Stay tuned!
I'm home girl!
Just tuned into radio & hearing about Rob's huge game! Pumped! Can't wait to fire up DVR to see complete game.
I personally had one inquiry from a listener who wanted to know who sang "American Pride" and passed on any information they wanted to know
Never Give In. The day you give in is the day you wished you could take back
Wordle supports multiple language scripts (latin, greek, cyrillic, hebrew and arabic) it may not support asian fonts yet.
Kyle Stanley is six-under par and has a one-shot lead over Rory Sabbatini heading into today's third round of the Honda Classic in Florida.
Check out these guys must be joking.
Rightt. Everytme I hear that song it makes me want to put my hands in the AYER A AYER
thank you :)
homoside sounds far more sexual than a massive "homicide" anyway, good luck.
Planning a Digital Humanities meetup this May in Cleveland, Ohio. More info forthcoming.
but rigrag has always had amazing service/support. NLH has grown too big and don't pay much attention.
Meghan can you follow me babe . thanks Bobby Howard ;-)
Gymnastics is calling my name!!!
y not let all the fishing boats in the gulf bring in oil & sell it 2 the refinery & they wld all get rich. black gold 4 the taking
thanks for the follow, i followed back ;)
Just watched Rio with my baby. :)
His wife left court crying. That's ALWAYS sad to watch.
RT : The Uni-verse supports those who take risks on it's behalf.
lol, it was kinda weird because it was just ANDREA, I was like oh shh. That's auntie angies name! Haha
Do be do be do(Scooby do)
#notgunnalie I feel like a badass. Got in a fight and her blood was on me lmao.
Which shit particularly? The fact that we're obsessed with the trivial while paying no mind whatever to the BIG issues?
HAPPY CiNCO DE MAYO TO MY FAVORiTE MEXiCAN ON BEHALF OF ALL YOUR FRiENDS, WE'RE SO GLAD YOU MADE iT ACROSS THE BORDER <U+E105><U+E30C>
we haven't posted the photos yet but it is the next product from the creator of Silly bandz
WITH MY TWITTER PAGE YOU CAN FIND WHAT EVENT'S I WILL ATTEND, MY WORKOUT'S AND WHERE I WILL TRAIN. ONE BAR,ONE WORLD MAD LOVE AND RESPECT!!!
Another win for the Heat <3
Happy we could make you chuckle. Have a great weekend!
if anyone blames Bryz for that loss I will knock them out and put them in the woods with a bear and tiger, for Bryzgalov LOL
How does one argue for fair use while using materials copyrighted in a diff country? - wondering at the back of Pat Aufderheide's talk
20 DAYS :-D
ah...a little creative release in Photoshop today
Thanks Ray, very much appreciated!
ey bro, you make music videos?
We all feel the same deep down inside. Just trying to get warm.
k it was funny :p i didnt laugh but dependin on the other videos i might
how old is she!?
who loves orange soda? Kel loves orange soda!
follow! “: My fellow tweeters. I am at 695. I will divulge one embarassing secret for every new follower that gets me to 700.”
Tokyo *negates* Disney, it doesn't magnify it. Rock wrapped in origami paper disintegrates scissors.
2nd week in June,going to Boulder Colorado for 8 days for work.Hyped for the trip...puttin us up at some 5star resort on top of a mountain..
Club Rain tonight!!!
um duh! We could spread our water balloon in a hottub idea to everyone in need lol.
My mashed potatoes don't cast a shadow.
Jon Ippolito: before it was how well you could frame and photoshop an image; now it's snap, post, I beat ya!
LOVE YOUR POSTS!!!
I see you walk by extra fly, Baby where ya goin can I roll? <3
My rendition of "no day but today" is sounding god lol ready to KILL IT on Thursday.
Let's get this to OT #LAKERS Awesome playoff basketball
Wait tomorrow is monday, oh shit open mic Mondays...
Good Morning!!!! We are ready to serve coffee...we just started high season, thank you so much for your constant support!!!
Oh cool, i didn't realize that & were using #backbone :D rock on.
Just remembering now to when I tweeted that it was simplistic but if the Rockets beat the Jazz they'd make the playoffs...
thank you<3
Madison Pharmacy Associates | If you don’t know where you’re going, any road will take you there.
bye, bye, Michigan
follow back?
Nice! And nothing, just listening to music and editing pics~
#FF she's an incredible inspiration to those trying to get fit and be healthy. Plus she's an awesome friend :)
I was there! Incredible show!!!!
when your up at 1:33 AM just to talk to >>
As soon as I return I'm shipping you some good stuff as well. Will include Rayon Vert as well as a non-beer gift... ;)
staying in bed and watching himym aaaalllll day. oh! and chicken noodle soup. tomorrow i will feel great! :o)
#precommerce whole generation out there that doesn't use 800#s Jan Ryan Social Dynamx
i know man thats some bitch made shit!! them niggas in Miami gay real talk
It's Friday! What's ur workout? Lite cardio for me but a total body lift ahead ! Listening to tunes by !
Both & are at #NASPA12 but their prog proposal "Honest Insights on SA" was rejected.
Playing with the Rez Youth Orchestra at the Overland Park Convention Center for an off site Easter service. Come join us, service is at 9:45
Passion Pit is sold out. WTF were we waiting for. :(
I actually did homework today! Now for "First Pie-day" and The Avengers!
can you please follow me and ? We love you and the rest of RNG crew!
you love me you love me not! umm can u pick please cause this isn't really working out:) constant feeling</3
Also Jefferson looks a bit off. Several mis cues and bad touches. Even dribbled out of bounds
remind me why im back on twitter?
So, #beerclub, where can I find Zombie Dust around these parts?
lunchtime + park = meditation
It's #NationalNursesWeek. Celebrate through education.
Be sure to catch us live on air tonight at 9pm with Tony Stone!
#Actors, #MyGoal: Be the BEST #HeadshotPhotographer in the WORLD! WHY? I truly believe I am a stepping stone to you fulfilling
I still love you! Your a star to me! :DD
As soon as they decide to have good music for it again!
'Cause you make my heart race.. ;)
Happy Birthday
if they are it dont matter we still gonna blow them out ! and ight bro for sure!
but u niggas suck, so u don't feel me
Hey 7, workin like a slave, how are u though?
If Its At The Mall I Wont Even Wear It, 20 On My Dick Tell Yo Hoe To Quit Starin
I saw Pierce playing tough defense I thought Johnson would fall to floor like Pierce got him w/ the body. Pierce woulda flopped.
falling asleep to your favorite song >>>
Last day for me Hats off to my mates in the EDP dept. for the great work you do.
#madmen LOL = Roger dancing
Would you rather they be agitating for a return to the gold standard?
vin.... sometimes I wish he would talk about the boyz.
So tomorrow's New Year's Eve, and I can't wait for 2010 to end for a fresh start in 2011. Sad to see it go but ready for a new beginning. :)
Yep!!! You won!!! Congratulations!!! :) We'll see you Friday!
Sorry for the inconvenience and ! It's not your fault we miscommunicated. We hope you have a successful event!
I need hockey season to start like NOW!
Woke up from a pretty amazing nap :)
#classic RT #ShitNewYorkPeopleSay is there anyway I can get in the Casablanca?
five more weeks of therapy then back to doctor a week before my birthday.
Why Does my room have to be the hottest room in the house -___-
How do you get such great pics on IG? You got court side seats or are you in the biz?
YOUR vote counts! Send in your ballot & vote YES 4 #oneunion #sagaftra "03" was decided by just 600 votes!!! Dual cardholders get TWO votes!
#stayawayfrommeif you think George Zimmerman shouldn't b convicted of murdering Trayvon Martin!!
it was! We can hang soon!
both parents on business trips PARTY AT MY HOUSE
Yeah she's my kinda crazy..
We'd love for you to try us! Here's 50% off your frist ride with Coupon Code: FIRSTRIDE
Indeed!!! I know brother Prosper. We never chopped it up on that level tho.
no mercy big sean!
haha that's funny that you would tweet that
Your gym looks awesome! who do I contact if I have some business ideas?
Congratulations! Welcome to the team - very excited for you to join us!
Omg! You're so cute!
Logical over conventional placement every time. See 'Punctuation and human freedom' (Pullum 1984).
If u haven't already tune in this am to meet our new traffic reporter Lauren Cook!
I don't think law enforcement celebrates!
yes indeed!!
"Someone told me eyes are the nipples of the face" what the
Good luck!
Thank you!
Thank You!!
Just now watching yesterday's amazing Law & Order-themed #Community !!! :-)
Are y'all tryin' to get a record deal?
man i am so bad at school it's so funny.
yo i don't care what ya'll say radishes are so spicy
As far as chains go... Yes. RT : papa john's is the best!!
“: “: Ive never been this tired” I got the same issue” me too :(
i have the cutest best friend in the world
She seriously needs to calm down. She's so fucking annoying
Hangin' out at the pool with my husband....I love Sundays! Our one day off!
It's not that we need new ideas, but we need to stop having old ideas. - Edwin Land, Creator of Polaroid
I sit on my duff, smoke cigarettes and watch TV
Totally tearing up at Forest Gump.
I hope my book ”10 Minutes” will persuade you to take a second look at journalists, and say a prayer for them instead of condemning them.
I miss
Watching Click
Amy Frykholm fascinating + funny talk on writing bio of obscure historical figures +her gorgeous work on Julian of Norwich
black eyes too. U got me thinkin now
Twitter's suggested I follow the Milwaukee Police. LOL! LSD!
three more weeks <3
Research and Markets: KONAMI CORPORATION: Technology and Communications Company Profile, SWOT &amp; Financial Report
RT : Interesting to see that about 50% of #EDULIVE participants think mobile apps is most important for teaching and learning.
Tell them we don't know either.
No matter how many pens you buy, they always "Mysteriously" go missing.
Happy Birthday to and :)
Chief of University Police just told me he estimates around 5,000 are here for the #trayvonmartin rally.
i been following you. Ha lol
TY for the follow! Los Angeles IS what you make it!
free pair of AA batteries thx to Johnny Sprockets. TODAY IS THE BEST!
broken link?
Explore, Create & Thrive with Story Healing - creativity/writing/healing workshops for those touched by cancer coming soon to !
Ending all campaigns until further notice, and going to get a job and go to school.
What drinks will you be serving? We love tequila with our
back at mojoes in Joliet. You guys were awesome to hang out with :) and have the cutest girlfriends!!
MT We had 694 international students graduate today! Commencement
October is Energy Awareness Month Saving energy is good for your wallet, your health, and your environment.
Also, Ben Stein is on my flight.
when you want to bro?
Woke up older...
well... here we go again
Agreed. Its twitter I can't give up.
BIG thanks for all whom attended last night's Martyrs' show in Chicago!!
We need your help Coach, bad!!!!!!
The meeting of preparation with opportunity generates the offspring we call luck.
Day trip to boston. Dinner with pops. Pray for me
How are ya Reuben? lol im gna try and find that clip and post it lol
Wats up I need more followers
So I see everyone is going to the Ritz tonight...
Get off twitter d:
• He should write an F'n textbook. Would be HI LAR IO US
#FridayFact: Studying earthquakes began in 350BC. Aristotle noticed soft ground shakes more than hard, rocky ground. #shakewhatmamagaveya!
Beginning to get a headache...
I had forgotten how deliciously low this movie is.And the horrible unlikelihood of Clooney and Tarantino being brothers...!
A study from Japan suggests that drinking 2 cups of tea or more a day can cut risk of cognitive impairment in half!
Hey Jodi! I'm Caryn and I am from San Diego Ca!
In Alabama bout to head to the gym and workout 7:42 am
Rising gas prices got you down ? Call Mr.D's to add some color to your home. Forget about driving and Stay home. "We Love to Paint"
It's almost time to #BearDown!!! Go Chicago Bears!!
I know, I've tried 2 make a mental note but I've a feeling on another day of the week I'll think something quite different!
Submitted my last undergrad paper. Ball so hard.
TSA agent #1 to agent #2: "The key to this is to look like you're doing something." Could be a direct quote from the TSA mission statement.
Happy birthday :)
ubetcha! Any chance you'll expand a few designs for the ladies ;)
Sapporo, what a great city. Found a secret restaurant, where? It is secret although I can give you a hint. Stray cat lives at the doorway.
boy stfu...anyways...
why should that even be a question? Hoe.
duh you're awesome!
bitches ain't shit and they can't say nothin, a hundred mothafuckas can't tell me nothin
Come with me, hail mary.
There are 2 kinds of people in this world...those who do...and those who don't...
I'm specifically gonna' miss 's short ass, and making me laugh. <- SO YOU KNOW IT'S REAL!
"who want what others have rather than earning it for themselves." << Watching #FOX much? Ruins brains, as you prove.
#twothingsthatdontmix niggas and money....give these negroes money they wanna trick out they pagers just to hve 6 kids and go broke...
I just got all happy Lmao
Full disclosure: Moved my #BoozeforBooks event to Sat. so we aren't hungover @ work on Fri.
Ready for Summerfest!!
I feel the should get rid of the zone in the league, you agree? That makes defensive poy real. Then you see people shine
cool, if I'm correct we get 500 clan xp just for enlisting him and any more #'s we can add to the core group on clan ops is a plus
Lmao. Ghetto talk Leo.
Pt4 even during the Bush admin the strategic focus of the use of those assets changed dramatically & even bigger change to Obama
gotta add his jersey to the list of "qb's who don't win anything for the jets"
saw some #volunteers at this weekend. you guys are everywhere I turn, volunteering to help
sam you knew what we was doing. we didnt leave you out.
Are you fucking kidding me!?
Giving away Free ticket for Capt Briens Off The Hook Comedy club on Marco Island FL. call 239-389-6900 mention Trixx ' tweet.
I click on all my short list of friends' tweets, see a days worth of whatever with context and I'm done. I view it like
now following the beautiful
Hollywood Crush Blog | New 'Breaking Dawn' Teaser Poster Is...A Tease!
Mass amounts of website design and development going on in Columbus, Ohio. Just got a Wii for the office to have a little fun on breaks....
I took a nap instead. Also, realized I prefer a juniper-ier gin than Boodles in my G&Ts.
Best start all season long by Noesi..
You rap ?
Welcome to Rob Wilson's coming out party!
ok *still looks like an angry grizzly bear*
these "Fuck Kobe" tweets getting so old
Ok Phil didnt like the last pick another "F "Hardin has bust written all over him lets try again
I'm just getting out of bed but it was so worth it. Right, ?
"Klout believes you are influentail in Bangkok." Is that like being big in Japan?
My bed is feeling extra comfortable today
AT&T: "Oh, you've been with AT&T for YEARS! I see. That's what's causing the problem."
i'm fine you?
He is going to the FINALS WOOT WOOT
All my sexy ladies if ya like R&B muzik, check out Legynd "So Conceidit" at myspace.com/legyndmuzik,
Are you listening? Did this woman just defend giving her Latino boyfriend soap because he's "a dirty sp*c"? I can't with this.
#ICanHonestlySay that this summer sucked..
RT : " Thanks for the #ff love - great company! :)” THANK YOU!
Finished Gresham's brilliantly unpleasant NIGHTMARE ALLEY -- the Tarot and psychoanalysis each dictating an inescapable, intertwined fate.
Scarcity of self value cannot be remedied by money, recognition, affection, attention or influence. ~Gary Zukav
I'll look into that, thanks!
did my uecker sound ok
Pints drinks gyros !!! Where else would you go on a Saturday night!!! #firestonedistrict baby!!!
Tryna unblock you, can't find yaa!
Found ringtone with a chicken clucking theme to Mission Impossible. Amusing. Am loading it.
Duke will go to the line again.
cool we'll send it over again now
Houston Preps get the win 66 - 55 over Kileen Elite in the 17u East Gold Bracket
That teaches me to check Twitter before watching my recording.
"Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself." ~Leo Tolstoy
Systems act as your accountability. Every successful business has systems!
I know what u mean. I have boxes of those (story pieces)...I need to learn how to organize an office..SMH.
Polly prissy pants!
I walked that whole room trying to find u after, but u left early - I even asked people near u if they saw which way you went
Hey why did I wake up to find 5 guys sleeping in the living room? Next time invite me to our own orgies.
Gotta love it, when TUSK is being played at the #LAKERS game, and you're the only one in the room who can identify it, LOL!
The formal better make this day better.
make it about missing us.
#DuckDynasty might possibly be the best show on TV...love it!!!
Happy thanksgiving! We are so greatful for everyone who has supported us through the course of Colours. We love & hope to see you all soon!
come visit me! I'll paint you a picture. Haha
Dance Is The Answer "Tango Your Taxes Off!" Fri., 4/15, 6-8 pm. Eastern Market North Hall. Demos, lessons, BOX O' ART. danceistheanswer.org
Thumbs down to the 'viral membership' trend whereby members are rewarded for spamming Twitter and/or Facebook with company signup/info
You know it's bad when someone from new jersey is scared to drive through Malden.
I want Donato's!!!!!
can you follow me i just followed you back!!!!!
Kevin D says Michael Jackson is not an angel...heretic
Intermission: getting to hang out with my gorgeous and talented wife is even better than listening to great music.
watch the olympics RT : A6: Lighting other peoples hearts on fire makes you memorable; they never forget it.
yeah buddy watching Pauly D project now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BA>
I just want her back, I know I'm a liar.
no problem!
Relax, dude. It was a pun. I'm from the backwoods state on Montana. I realize that not everyone embodies their state. Chill.
and U wonder why you don't have any culture...lol....U BEEN CORPORATIZED !!!! go back to listening to Pandora now....I'm done..lol
2nd attempt at this wireless fence training #pray4me <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
Be a people watcher
Jealousy and insecurity wil KILL your relationship
At a public forum on transit safety at Chicago State University.
Hi Brandon, We have the same goal: to help people understand autism & that's why I wrote "How to Talk to an Autistic Kid."
I like when the contestants on The Biggest Loser end up skinnier than the host.
North Carolina - Shame on you!
SNOOKIE IS PREGNANT?????!
Have a great week everyone!
Prepping for #photoshoot #headshots #photography w/Miles essentials packed
So glad I FINALLY got to attend a seminar! Learned so much & met some awesome businesswomen! Thanks Natalie!
standard non ppr
Off to bring Emma for a TOM's shoes audition in Santa Monidca.
I preordered the first day also but I haven't received my email yet =(
If she can't love me right, I don't need to wait to find someone who will.
finally got a twitter like you told us to, lol. Hope everything is good, homie.
We marketers should control content, but lose some control over the process.
:) and I love pies on Friday!
which one is your new ass pic?
You're wearing white shorts in the winter bitch! lol!
RT I've just started the cup of tea for breakfast diet!
I miss you MORE. This isn't even funny we must see each other!!! My exams went super well I got a 100 on my stats final today & a
Goodnight. All I can do is pray.
Very nice. Congratulations.
Not saying that either one is related, but she's like a mommy/maid robot. No other interests or topics of conversation.
Oh hell no. I will drag you to try outs if I need to.
ur gonna love it
The fml momentwhere u have hit snooze for the last 1 and 3 mins and u only have 30 minutes to be ready for the day.....:O
Correction: that's a double.
I actually drew pretty good
:) RT : A5 - No color nightmares because only we can make color dreams come true. ;)
I'm ready to get out of this town this weekend.. away from the drama.
Damn it it's 8:20 and I already want chocolate
We second that motion. Maybe Punk/Garage or somesuch. I mean, if you're gonna have metal...
Special thanks to for giving me the Adenovirus during her last trip to Vegas. Loving the smoker's voice.
I interpreted "former" as "graduated" also. And definitely of age.
how are you early bird
Just waitin' for this 10am meeting to start. Lalalala. I love billing for nothing.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 71F FAIR
im deleting since hates me and wants me out of his life so say ur goodbyes </3
RT : "Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed." - George Burns
Morning dilemma: I think my resident squirrel has scared off the new nest of birds on my deck. I need bigger problems, huh?
Man, you were really mean to Professor Klump
I want noms.
Dont forget to mention BRO tip #359. #sweatpantfridays. yup I'm sporting my terry-cloth Sean John sweats.
Good luck with finals!
hahaha no that's in alphabetical order of first names ;) is the first speaker. send me ur bio to add!
Congrats!!! the food looks incredible can't wait to get there...
Anyways... guess I'm going to get some more sleep since I don't have to be at work until after 3 pm.
“: I'm working on that idea myself!” <-- share the knowlege :)
Get a clue, bub! Four more yrs!
The night before the exam the night before Christmas. You're not asleep, and hoping for a miracle ...
if we win #megamillions, we can have a baby. Just saying... how bad do you want one?
Sweet. - Tetris is a game, which if played for 30 minutes a day, can make one smarter.
according to my old flatmate it does!! But aside from that - only one paragraph? Even for the Guardian that is shockingly sparse
It's National Library Week (#nlw12) and the Big Read (#wehobigread) for us this week. So much going on!
Bitch betta have my money
I don't want too but I think I have too. . . :-/
have fun sleepin on the bean bag last night ? Lol
With Morganza opening only Alon in Krotz Sprgs is closing due to high water. If river traffic is restricted all bets off
Julianna Margulies, I will love you forever no matter what. And that is all I have to say about your dress.
Its so hot outside.
that's the best kind of music bruh.. do u homie!
be the first to give a gospel tribute to #WhitneyHouston I Love The Lord
Welcome new followers and !
It's very gratifying when u win a game and ur kids work hard and prepare for it and then play the way you want them to play
Dave Whitis is we$theme$$ on PS
Hi Joe! If you have some time today or tomorrow morning, I'd like to have a quick chat about next week's meeting. Thanks!
no doubt kemp, this is your .300 40 125 year... make all of LA stand up and shout!
Good Life Balance must be fueled by good sleep. Off to bed! G'night world.
u makin it hap so keep it pushin playa
time to create a present for my love *brings out The Bedazzler*
As old AC/DC concert footage plays on LCD wall several members of the audience join in with their air guitars.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
I miss that & the whole CLSP/COE junta.
pretty amazing!(: haha. when are you guys coming down to arizona?!?
working, working. Anyone know any good networking events for small business owners in July?
“: George Clooney is gonna bang EVERYONE in that room.” ha ha y am I not in that room!?!!?
Today is going to be the best ever. Full of coffee, porch, pottery, rummage sale, canal jog, and bowling.
LOL! Like eating desert first! :)
The only thing I ever wanted was the truth
Please check out my study and pass it along, partic via internet, need to have sibs w/o a med dx OR a sib w/ Type1 diabetes.
Thanks! Been looking into 'lean UX' for a while, and it's something I agreed with before it had a name. Will check this out.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you SO much! Will you please follow me back???! Btw got your doll and trading cards 81
Anyone who reads this, take a picture of the Super Moon for me :/
nice to tweet you! we'd be happy to talk to u about our ecommerce system & how it would improve your organization!
Great post!
so... tired but can't sleep, just steam cleaned my carpet, the only thing I can say about that is hair ball.
I miss it all man!
she didn't even spring for helium to entertain you. Pure carbon dioxide. She's trying to kill you.
stop laughing.
Heading to bed
Same here! Working and meeting, but following #toccon with gusto
RG3 sounds like a really nice guy.NFL Draft
Tomorrow is the last day to get FREE lenses for your childrens glasses with our back to school special !!!!
thats very cute :)
What is the protocol when someone posts an unflattering picture on FB?
And so much talk about American Idol.
Stash a few dryer sheets in your pillow case for next time. Wave around at first whiff of foul odor. :)
Reebok today announced it re-signed Peyton and Eli Manning to marketing and apparel/footwear deals.
At the Sheraton lobby bar (in Phoenix to give keynote tomorrow morn). Join me now for a beverage and library talk?
Thank you Jenny!
Thank you wishing all a great week
Going to see Grandma gg with Melissa and then taking Brittany out to lunch <3
Orion's poetry editor is talking about her role at Orion....She's talking about what people mean by "nature poetry"
We are very thankful for all of you guys Following us! Our most recent Follower is DukeNukem2236! ^NN
Watching the game now though .
But you have to admit the Lindblad expedition catalog looks pretty darn good on that "big toy" :)
RT : technology is part of the equation of RTI . Tech allows you get get "real time" assessments n make instructional decisions
haha its totally real! I hope
Can you nab us a free agent surprise?
do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of the Blue Pearl.
OMG ASK ME !
sounds like us!
#blackparentquote I'm too white to say anything that won't come off as way too racist for this one lol
Movie marathon
Note to self: Wozzeck and the Messiah don't mix well. Must learn to Rejoice Greatly with a big voice...oh dear.
it's all worth it
I, like many, know this fact but perhaps haven't comprehended it. This article puts it into a proper depressing perspective.
What local PA schools should we create for Slyder Football?
Who does that ?
Congrats Xavier!!
Great time with the boyfriend<3
I still get all jazzed when I find an unusually large 'flake' in my cereal.
Are you gonna do a Ustream tonight?<4
Sounds good. Which session is that?
FINALLY! Tonight we're headed to Mansfield,getting our paranormal nerd on with & more!!! CAN'T WAIT!
It's a damn shame the my Tami treated Kiesha I lost some respect for her,she should get some HELP real fast
Reading food labels can be tricky. The calories can add up really fast- pay close attention to added sugars, sodium & serving sizes.
stop by VEGASiTES.com/dev to make your profile and check out BETA before our upcoming launch.
Are you Liker of KUNM Radio you should be. Cool stuff about to happen over there.
#ff that because I'm gonna see her tomorrow
that's a good ont
Thanks for the mention! Happy Tuesday to you :-)
until the Ville gets there to take the big 12 by storm...in basketball and football
Little do you know, we're already one disturbing step ahead of you.
Oh God how I hate riding the bus
I am typing on an iPad 2 black 64g/3g AT&T right now. I'd love to have the new display and faster CPU graphics.
Ready for Part 2 hurry up!
you're so old. now you're the creepy alum going to check out the high school cheerleaders
Wonder if it's against dress code to strap bags of frozen peas to my ankles at work today...
I don't even know where my phone is. Lol
Great crowd tonight
Happy New Year!!!!
“: It's kinda ironic how the colors red, white, and blue represent freedom until they are flashing behind you.”YouArentOrigina
Jack Buck said "will see you tomorrow night" as Kirby Puckett homer flew over the fence in game six of world series. Miss you Puck RIP
Excited for tomorrow shooting a pilot for food network. Early call time not looking forward to that.
what kind of pups do you have? tell me not chihuahuas. . . LOL
Intrigued, but the simple appearance of Muppets does not a good trailer make
Just talked with a mom who is having bed time struggles with a sensory seeking 2-year-old. Any ideas?
RT : Pitchers and Catchers = reported. Welcome back, baseball!!
Can you recommend any articles/books on pricing for freelance stuff?
“: Full disclosure: my boyfriend directed Faculty Room, so I'll probably like it. :) And I'm doing Mystery Cafe in Ftn Sq.”
for Vendetta? Or like the TV show? or are you getting all Roman Numeral on Twitter?
Totally got on the wrong bus. Where the hell am I?
#youwerecuteuntil you insulted and
we will work on a dope one together, then obviously we will do a bad ass photo shoot!
I'm going! Hoping to catch the ball that ricochets off Castro's helmet.
Band rehearsal tonight! Fans, get ready to rock out with us this summer!! We're bringing you one awesome show!
on the search for the perfect Pupusa in Miami. Any Recs chef?
“: HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO”<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
Peanut Butter and Jelly Crepe >>>>
Don't be embarrassed to get check testicles checked for lumps and such. It will make for a good story either way.
Fighting a headache this morning. Not a good way to start day 2 of
Hi Cleveland it's been a long time
Just when I think I will escape being jailed lol
Sorry but I must retweet elevate prayer tonight 7p at LB in SC
followed my other account today. I can't even explain how that felt. Wow . THANKYOU SO MUCH <3
As if! "follow" model makes sense; kinda disappointed to learn this is even an option. Thanks for the tip (none in my list)
I did alright at basketball today. I'm gonna go home, workout and take a long ass shower.
I feel like this is a trap lol
I love MAD magazines! lol
WUDDUP DOE'??? NEW SHIT ON LIKE ALWAYS!!!! LONG LIVE THE GENERAL MAKAVELI!!!! KEEP IT GOING ON!!!! THUG LOVE ALWAYS!!!!
I hear ya lady lol!
So there was this guy who was a local 'social media guru'.. now he is done with that and pimping health shakes.
": FUCK NO!! She is def not the girl any man wants to take to moms" Who u know that she fkd tho ?
So true!
We're stoked on Their EP should be out soon!
You have to check our latest breaking news story on Cal Ripken...in print and online...we'll have video too on Monday
But I'm being good! LOL
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true. <U+E328> 56
Its sunday , sunday can't wait to go back to monday
"A Very Merry Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas" looks too terrible to be awful.
Where in New Berlin can I get a good panini
Really am not looking
Good luck to anybody attempting to get a pass off. If that happens I expect a super bowl now!
Need nothing, get everything. Yep sounds about right. I know who I am who are you?
“The boundaries which divide life from death are at best shadowy and vague
I like that. "Orioles sign RHP that will succumb to a recurring rotator cuff injury no later than July 20th."
I love #preservationists. Conference in Toledo 2012
Its sad that our society has a skinny jean fad and an.obesity epidemic.
Are you a fan? They are the best guys. I love working with them!
Tomorrow is May the Fourth, so be sure to use the force as well. [waves hand]
I strongly disagree
Hopefully, Saturday will be the last day I have to deal with my ShitBerry.
Heading to the
I feel myself getting stronger in the Lord and that gives me the strength to walk away from the things that arent good fro me.
that, but then it's aggregating stuff from my actual blog. grr.
Celebrating the end of the semester tomorrow with 's #WFUD12. Not that kind of FUD—it's World's Fair Use Day!
Love Napa! But then, who doesn't love Napa? :-)
Thank you all for following!
“: Season finale of Smash tonight! I better be happy and not want to kill the producers!” DITTO
what up boss!
#FF Our board members on Twitter:
Great presentation today and thanks for the pantene shout out :)
I think I just found my new place!
paper writing is the pits.
Heard you killed it X-Mas night. Good work homie. Keep it up!
have ualready saw it in 3D???
not just guys, girls think they are better than everybody else.. Let's be honest!
Not fair. And not fair to put such emphasis on a division title when schedules within divisions are not even.
Im watching! You guys are hilarious! I love you guys! Follow me?? (:
shout out for shout out?:p
I've been accused of many things but not that!
Looking forward to the panel " Is RTB for Video Set to Explode- or Not?" with CEO Brett Wilson today at
I dont care what some people say about you. I was born to be your monster.
I wanted to thank you for what you said on my behalf on Anderson Cooper. I deeply appreciate it. Craig Schelske
Otp w/my bby .
Has anyone else noticed the number of library jobs in Washington?
Had an awesome meeting this morning with some really good Hall men. Good things in the works! Thanks
get these Kettle Brand Spicy Thai chips away from me, or I may eat the whole bag
Don't stop me now I'm havin such a good time I'm havin a ball
Whoo! Two scenes down, and just six more to go!
its not wat u tryin to do that really matters is how u tryin to do it # me ...i want a check _ so i grind every way i know !! no days off
ohh! i have a track meet saturday, and the lock in friday so
One Lump or Two? RocStars vs. Boston B Party! Sat. Oct. 9th, doors at 6pm/bout at 7pm. Tix available at rocderby.com, parkleigh& Thread.
Happy cinco de mayo ! Who wants #margaritas??
Hey! You should follow me because your perfect and you would do that for me ;) <3
have created a renaissance in Marvel Comics w SCARLET SPIDER. It's an m-f'in masterpiece. Gobsmacked by how good it is.
I cancelled a $2,600 TV purchase tonight in your Dublin store. Srsly, 3/6 for a wall mount install for a TV you deliver 2/24? Fail.
it was me! :D
Josh and elf are rockin it this morning. I saw your tweet to elf. The Ron washington humor is great!!!
“The curious paradox is that when I accept myself just as I am, then I can change.” -Carl Rogers
lol I was just assuming he was lol my bad. You have one tho. There's no way you don't have one
RT : You probably just need to use more lube. RT blue M&Ms just don't feel right to me.
not being able to get on twitter cause we have no wifi <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<< -_______- fuuuuuuuu
New MARC records coming mid-March. Instructions for download to follow.
“: In Oklahoma, it's actually illegal to take a bite out of another person's hamburger.” moving there
So I just listened to Sexify and I just hope we can get the single to start playing here in Indpls. #NewMission :)
I've really enjoyed the feature. It's a time saver and you just see immediately what the message is.
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out. ~ Jack Buck
Just back from "After School Special" a selection of archival, unintentionally hilarious educational films.
having eggs and veggies for breakfast!
yes how much wherea!!!!
is it weird that i literally just followed you on there not even five minutes ago.....
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter Ii Thought That Nobody Even Got On It Because my Timeline Was Almost Always Empty! But Now "27 New Tweets" Always!
Sound you all just heard as Mitt brought Ann on stage at the NRA was my head banging against my desk.
No trust, no relationship.
Remember your soulmate can be anywhere in the world, from any culture, from any ethnicity, we are all one human race.
i advise you to do something about that camel toe
So Yeahh Mikey You Want To Come Down To SF Tomorrow & I'll Take You To Drake's Concert?! (:
If your favourite film is the vow, or any mainstream romance/comedy type thing.. You need to watch some older better or more vintage films
they said u was a pro so I was like gone head do ya thang LMBO!
The #RedSox battled today, however it all comes down to wins and losses. Need to rally so as not up be swept by the 'lowly' Orioles.
New office for www.green-renaissance.com 42nd and Columbia Portland OR
omg now THAT'S BAD . how are you love ?
Good morning! It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood! On my way to my new neighborhood. I miss ATL already.
great day 2 be @ the ballpark. GO REDS!
Say it isn't "snow" (punny aren't we?) Flurries!
When girls are Pregnant and happy they have that special kind of glow
On my way to banbury its an energency
Our team is sponsoring a family this holiday season! A mother & twin girls. Ask us for the list & donate an item!
We're already following you! :D
Yeah cause #swallowfriday doesn't sound horribly inappropriate at all. Haha
nice page..but the video wont start
My hair Is short so I'm short of my identity
If this is of the Microphones: Thank you for sending me the chords to Headless Horseman 10 years ago, sir
State Rep. Sylvester Turner questions why the estimate remains the same since last year, asks if estimate is "intentionally conservative"
He wasn't hired for his "handling of alt-reality dystopia on 'Kings.' Please. No interesting director would take leftovers on this schedule.
How have we not thought of those before? I've only invented "salsa chips"
lol watch it get cancel doe
I think I will be permanently inked for life. Also, my shower is stained. But it was so much fun!
That = First lap, obviously. Trimmed some
lol don't I wish , if you come across some let me know. Would like to go . :)
I miss you!
Art is the need of being enchanted by the unknown...
Awesome! Glad you enjoyed Eric's talk. Keep in touch and let us know if you have any questions about our technology. Cheers.
Dude is trying too hard...
So agreed, I prescribe more snuggle snuggle therapy
Nothing more awkward than watching the SEC tourney with your grandma and little brother and the Kate Upton Hardee's commercial comes on.
Thanks for the "insight"! Appreciate it.
Jeff Marshall: showing treasures not enough, need to argue added value of our services when working with donors, etc.
Wake up, wake up, wake up it's the 1st of tha month.
Nicole Kidman and Aaron Eckhart! - SAG screening of Rabbit Hole tonight :-)
I don't know. Ask , she's writing it for me, and presenting it while holding a picture of me in front of her face.
I can make you PRETTY!!!
IDEA! Jesus-Burger, a Christ-face in every patty. OMG I'm gonna make so much money. GOD SHOW ME THE MONEY!!!!!
data mining / viz of email collections; software emulations; disk imaging... (all digital forensics stuff, I guess)
“: summer breeze makes me feel fine” blowing thru in my mind
Happy Birthday!
It is really weird morning for me... Probably because I just woke up..and it was morning.
Forcing yourself to be apart of other people lives without an invite, makes you an unwanted guest.
Why blend? Improve pedagogy, increase access/flexibility, and increase cost effectiveness.
Congrats Trevor Hoffman! 51 forever. And who cares about Rivera. As they say in the south: "Da(r)n Yankees!!!"
#ShareHappy Jessica of Buffalo, NY. Your coupon for #Free merchandise will be emailed to you shortly!
What about 2319 W. Augusta?
Bored as fuk! That's whats happening.
How so? Interested to hear your perspective. I think it can 2as we can learn a lot about ourselves through our relationships.
FYI, Lakers will win this game. Just saying the fallout if they don't...
I could never like a girl like Kate Upton. She's ugly!
Congratulations Avon Wind Symphony on winning your first concert band state championship!
Yep, I'm down for that.
Well lets hope my New Year's wish comes true!
T. Mills is so attractive. ugh
I remember when they burst on the scene. That whole movement, Pearl Jam, Sound Garden, Etc. I'll never forget. My life changed.
that's a BIG baby
RT : 'if corporations are people, tents are definitely speech' -ben chappell, ams prof at the university of kansas
Our battery back-up is supposed to last 6-8 hours. I'd buy two and enjoy the quiet! :)
Go Sharks!
My dog
Feeling quite overwhelmed but I'm numb to it by now..
yeah bro y'all get all the hoes/horns what ever u wanna call them
#erl12 GOkb is not a replacement for vendor kbs so it will initially be yet another kb to manage
On the edge of your seat, eh?
Wearing green on Sunday at is like wearing white to someone else's wedding.
I don't think I could ever get tired of J. Cole
US treasury considered the money depicted as counterfeit and ordered the artists to stop painting them. (pt. 2)
You know my name, not my story. You've heard what I've done, not what I've been through. If you were in my shoes, you'd fall the first step.
do u think #santorum was really working for #Obama?
Thanks - Well said!
Listening to Craig Roberts Smith workshop on pension records, you stopped to soon.
I dont know if youve already gotten this question but what in the world happened to Mitch McGary that made him move to #21?
I want my crew back! My people are all spread out for the summer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Chicago have the best carmole apples ever!!! M!
I think it was the bounce pass that the ref found so offensive
Your vote of confidence helps.
Last tweet was so grammatically incorrect cthu
Read new interviews with #Community stars Jim Rash & Gillian Jacobs, #RookieBlue star Lyriq Bent, and many more!
I just finished filming my #ItGetsBetter video , I can't wait to see the final product!
keep walking kids, no eye contact.
and the other ''bff'' didnt even talk to me i fell like no one cares if i didnt show up to school i bet i would get one txt frrm thm
thanks man the girlfriend is takin me away from watching draft
Delta representatives put me in a room with a stranger.
Up up and away..
if you find out, tell me please
Openly gay guys are great, but gay guys who hate on women bc they want to be women are ridiculous...lol
Thank you & Candace for hooking me up.
Turn on TruTV if you've got it... Casper Ware (#LBSU) playing in the NABC All-Star Game.
I miss your face <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
I want the lt blue back.
RT Be the first to stand and last to fall
Hello from Albuquerque! Yes, will be wonderful to be settled--thank you!
Zayn: "When I was little I had two cats, Lily and Lolo. Harry: "Not very original." Niall: "Your hamster was called Hamster"
Being Alone Sometimes Makes Shit Worst
Cerner Cashes In As Medical Records Move To The Cloud
I did answer it.... are you sure my email isn't going to your spam? *ahem*
Happy birthday!
thanks so much Mike!
oh my! Me too!!
I like to encourage thinking for themselves and not depend on my thinking
Excited to be here Thanks
8-1 vs the #1 and #2 seeds. not bad for an 8 seed. ticket punched for round 3, go !
but actually. Come.
Yes, most definitely !! I would love to collaborate. We must make that happen!
Come out to our monthly networking meetup tonight (Monday) at Cafe Allegro in the U District, starting at 7pm.
Good idea :) but I know!! Ive been MIA or we always miss eachother at the gym by going at different times. You going tom ?
I hate how they have to put Justin last. omg I just want to see him perform already!
stay at home bloggas
Done. Ov. Finite.
RT Today marks one year in the Giving Program Woo hoo!!
Me, but then I lust after #Bauny so where else would be???
We'll be at the International Housewares show this weekend, booth 13348 Lakeside.
mine too
looks beyond the rain to the strange bedfellows of Wuthering Heights and the Dispossessed
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 365
I'm so bored on the bus!!
#100thingsilove pretending one of my legs is an apprentice to the other
She's #TeamPeeta!
THE ZEIT GIST Rebuilding lives in shattered Tohoku, one image at a time - The Japan Times
Thank u man! Had a great time! RT : Awesome night last night at Have a good week bro..
Okay this old lady just done pissed me off
REST IN PEACE CHRISTOPHER WALLACE
shoot yes. Now we can compare :)
haha, not really sure.
yay so happy to hear about the pilot!:)
We will have margaritas ready all day long!
Bellydancing tonight at the Desert Nights Hookah Lounge at 1030p! Come out and see me dance!
just 50%? I thought it would be more.
I bet a lot of our shoppers would love that ring! It's beautiful!
pattie is so lucky to have justin as her son and beliebers are so lucky to have justin as our idol.Justin is the best son AND idol<3
WHY??? Because inside-out is wiggity wiggity wiggity whack! Duh.
"We read to know that we are not alone." -- C.S. Lewis
Redneck Dictionary EUROPEAN: Get out of here dog, European on my truck!!!
YES YES YES<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
why aren't you in the tampa market??? Love your show.
YOU TOOK THE WORDS RIGHT OUT OF MY MOUTH....LOL
Value the lives of all people.We all grieve losses,celebrate joys,love our families,and hope for better days for our children
in case you don't know... I love working with you!
Cute profile pic!
Excuse me. Super caffeine soda is not a replacement for sleep. LOL! …and we drive on the roads with these people. :-P
she stopped and fed me and caffeinated me as well, so I will survive until lunchtime now
Is that where monkeying around came from?
Show me your girlfriend naked. approved.
sorry I will try but my account is all messed up and it won't let me follow anyone I will as soon as i can : )
jeter isn't leaving new york, its all publicity tactics RT : So you're saying if Jeter signs with the Phillies,
so i seen that video with the girl beating up that 8 month old baby . was she mad at the baby , just mad , or fcknn stupid ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
aiieeee not Canadian rock!
Open up your mind, then open it some more.
didn't you try out for cheer?.....quit rippin
Yeah your chain is shining? Well my aura is Blinding... Im sick of US currency I want millions in diamonds!
Take you down make you stay.
Love the comment that says "I went to Jason's party. It was lame."
Can't take my eyes off this #Masters. Best one ever!
Yay! Looking forward to Thursday! RT : I have made sure that set aside a swag bag for you
RT : 1st victory is also big win for Rickie's sponsors
Come in out of the cold $ Happy Hour @ LiLLiES. $3 bottled beer, $5 rail drinks, $6 house wine, 1/2 off apps with drink purchases
Well, it can't be put off: time to mow the lawn. I have a tiny yard and a reel-style push mower. Starting w/10 toes, let's see how it ends.
hey I moved back to houston was wonder if you have any places for rent I saw the message you sent me
thank you! Xx
Drinking with my peoples.
I wonder who whines more Greg from "Yes Dear" or Ross from "Friends"?
at home bored
Oh yeah, I'm that guy.
Stop twatching me
This is fab! RT Hit the nail on the head with this one! If you're wondering what we do at West PR... #PR ow.ly/i/sAtm
Report him ! Poser! I do NOT have Facebook.. Sorry
I saw it was going to be juicy - I must grab the recording!
I wish this was always true.
Would of told nephew he'd wear out Energizer Bunny but didn't want to try & explain who Mr. Bunny is.
jet fuel $132.2/b impact on 2012 fuel bill $+36billion number of tankers per city,state, country per day
Some people need to not use big words they don't understand. Innovation and Invention have completely different meanings.
lmao calm yo ass ! And no car accidents today stay home loll
Had my first 130/toll road experience. Suddenly a lot more inclined to go to RR Express games.
it makes me think of pee haha such a weird adjective phrase.. Yea I guess I'm strange haha
Yes we did! Thanks for the shout out!
is enjoying my coffee on the couch
Just landed in San Francisco and I'm so hungry I could eat rice a roni AND the trolley.
"Money won is twice as sweet as money earned" ~ Paul Newman as Fast Eddie in The Color of Money
If you have to duct tape the back of your phone so the batteries don't fall out,
Our Python study group is being totally adorable on their mailing list, passing around XKCD comics and sharing command line tips.
I don't know why a guy on a skate board is so sexy to me...I'm gonna work on myself
Cincy head coach Kelly should be ashamed of himself. way to screw your team over buddy
"The only way to learn it is to do it. –Archimedes (The Sword in the Stone)"
I really hate that game
Gm let's make it the best out this day.
no, it's a private screening I think.
Thanks Dick Clark. farewell.
siiiickkk you got the bro shirt? nice :)
just got my schedule, things are different,
circle line is awesome. Train travels slowly and doors open for too long! I need 4 wheels sooner than I thought!
I want to thank everyone who has shown support & respect of the arts, & I highly appreciate everyone who's taken full advantage of the promo
i try but nahh wat movie u watching <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Don't forget to include yourself Maria!
Getting in the car today i noticed for the first time ever that my mom has an accent
HAPPY BRITHDAY(: <3 Follow me please(:
Exactly 1 week later. Watching the Sound FX from Super Bowl (dvr'd it until I was ready). not. quite. ready. yet.
Got a job interview today at 1 i wanna thank the lord for this blessing :)
how you doing
someone just used the word centrifuge on the patio! #newpeopleonthepatio!
Thanks man. I appreciate it!
if it rains friday my life is done
I agree—I think he's making a largely uncontroversial argument against a caricatured version of the #culturomics work.
write it lower case.
love you hoes, had fun last night but tired af lmao
It's through the app called foursquare where you check in at locations and me and this random lady are fighting for mayor
"As of right now, you are all 5 chapters behind in each one of your classes." Great news...
Will Be At SK Studios TONIGHT...!!! With and The AvenueTunes Familia
I'm so proud of you Great job last night!
Didn't realize I had so many soccer fans on my list! Just so you all know, last night my friends and I organized a game of indoor soccer!
Count me in plus side of HAYWIRE. Loved action that wasn't edited to within an inch of its life
Thanks for reminding people to vote!
PickUpLine: Do you have a map? I just keep on getting lost in your eyes.
knowing im not good at something just motivates me to work harder until i am good at it
that sounds like Scotty on Star Trek! But I agree with you. Need help in Outfield or 1B.
good morning
Nobody wants to see that! LOL - but I do love my Kinect, at least in the privacy of my home I can let loose. :)
Private catering for Thursday is ready to rock!! Looks like we are now catering CORPORATE EVENTS! LOVE IT!
Are you in Seattle this week? Let me know if you want to swing by and check out the new HQ.
It's never a good idea to fill a 20 month old baby full of chocolate! At least it's just once a year...
aaron says hi :)
Not as drunk as my boss. Silver Peak holiday party.
Thanks for following
Happy Birthday! Hope you didn't let the turkey steal all your thunder...Love you!
Unplug it for about 10 seconds. Then plug it back in and power it on. Should reboot.
What do Elton John & Justin Timberlake have in common? Apparently enough that John wants Timberlake to portray him in a movie?...
Your positive attitude is so inspirational. You've made Badger fans proud! Good luck making the decision that is right for YOU!
My husband and 5 year old daughter just left for the father/daughter dance! So sweet. She kept calling him "her date."
Is hot & is one secksy bad ass.
thanks! Awesome re: online, maybe I should hold out for that or else just get my butt to the shop. Thanks again!
#StonerNight - #MFBP in the building tomorrow ()
Got the final design in my inbox for the spring/summer line, next up everything goes off to print!!!
Why Fighting Coal Export Terminals Matters - ThinkProgress
Proud of you for your hardwork during #ISUWorlds And kudos to and his Dad for their choreography!
Tweet me a picture and a number and I'll tell you at celebrity you would look good with(:
Even when your sleepin keep your eyes open
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected
lol just sayin, same for you fair to say?
behind the scenes on set of #MattsChance videos coming your way... stay tuned!
If Vols are worth anything next yr McBee could become the next Lofton. Love to watch him shoot. Needs help tonight.
Baby cats are so cute :)
Some days I wonder if I make the right decisions in life.
I bet you feel silly after you said begging for coffee never works. :)
art murals
yea I did, an hour ago I finally felt the pain. Doctor gave me some good pain killers ;) haha
Make reading active; write as you go, e.g. compare approaches to discipline/topic; note utility for your own work?
SO DISRESPECTFUL! SMH! LOL! PAY U KNOW MIND FROM HERE ON OUT!
Looking for talent in Las Vegas. It is not hard to find good talent in Las Vegas
its not even 10 and i feel like im about to pass out.
#BestTimeToSmokeWeed when your parents are out of town and you want to throw a house party!
I'll get a wire hanger on you
Benny has sweetened in his aging as well
already have one of the best in the league in Haden, why take another so high?
it's a storm people, not the book of revelations. calm down or at least pretend to.
good boo send me yo number in the DM
I couldn't see anything because of my own tweets.
looking forward to hanging out at
Watching this bulls vs celtics game got me reading to get back on the court. When ever my shoulder fully heals I'll be back
The lyrics to Soulja Boy's "Kiss Me Thru the Phone" are truly inspired.
ebook isn't even going to be a "book", it will be a creation of multiple data sources
Set you a new email, could you answer please?
I've been listening and singing to Say Somethin all day. It's been stuck in my head ever since i first heard it.
Good Morning guys muhhahahahhahahah I go shopping
Dislike talking to emotionally disconnected people. If I didn't ask, do I really need to know your business commission structure? No!
am sorry queen dee
damn i cant spell today lol!!
Get the broom out!
That data places Twitter as the key influencer stream. Makes sense.
“Thanks Kimi!! : I voted for #BackStageAtTheTonightShow with for a #Webby. He's a #Winner”
I knw a brown skinned brother who's not neccesarily looking for an educated woman, just someone w light skin and fine hair. Why?
2009: "Aye Aye Aye" 2010: "Baby Baby Baby" 2011: "Fa La La La" 2012: "Swag Swag Swag"
Having trouble reaching us by email? We are experiencing a network disruption today. Please contact us by phone until further notice.
haha. i immediately thought of you when i read that article.
#askmikey what did he feel when he first stepped on the abdc stage?? Shout out to denisse from kansas city?!?
#ThingsIGetAlot "You're a dude!" where I respond " Kinda."
Thanks to everyone who got funky with us saturday at the Leaf!Don't miss the AngelsvsDemons Roots of Music Benefit show at Blue Nile on wed
could everyone follow my other account ? i maybe moving there. but i`ll have the same name dont worry
IM GONNA LIVE MA LYFEE YAKNOW DAT WE GONNA BE ALRIGHT
Love your videos, you freaking crack me up! DO YOU WANNA LIFT WITH DOM!
lmfao at wets lol ill be home soon
Thoughts on healthcare: capitalism loves competition, except competition with itself.
give me ideas
In North America were are conditioned from childhood to believe that alcohol and sugar-laden snacks. are a key part of the sports experience
#SomeoneIWantToMeet again is :)
I gotta peepee lol but I hate public restrooms
I could listen to ____'s music all day long!
is mean and neglects me. :(
will be at booth 551 at #astd2011 if you are there stop in and say hello
What is a Japanese Cedar Enzyme Bath? It sounds amazing!!
hey beautiful how u doing
hate wen a song i dont lik get stuck in my head
hi! Sexy nickname you picked out for me. I like it.
RT : You mean *men “ Y DO WOMEN LIE ABOUT SIMPLE SHIT?”
Getting Spacers In The Front Of My Mouth Is The Worst ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> I Just Wanna Get These Braces Off <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Right back at you, mister! :)
What is going on with RTs? why are all of them getting converted to "RT" old-style, even when I don't use "Retweet with comment"?
Strive time be better
The trucks are at Bayfront Park now till 9pm.
she didn't feel the pain, she died soon after. He came home in tears and bloody. you don't forget that stuff as a child =/
Wow. That *is* random.
cant wait to finally get home and relax
Man I love Mary poppins :) takes me back to the good ole days!
WOOOHOOOOOOO BUY OUR MUSIC ON ITUNES!!!!!!!!
I have worn my Buffs gear as well today. Let's pull out a win tonight!
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.
quickpic they 3 pingpong balls not numbers odds r same no matter
He's playing a show tonight on State St. in Madison! Why are you not here?
have fun!
F.U. I am not a cool old guy with a college radio show yet. I am just a college guy with a college radio show.
Everything around us is made up of energy. To attract positive things in your life, start by giving off positive energy....
are we going to hang when I'm in San Jose?
Go away, taking a nap
day dates = doomed from the start
Got Pitchfest questions? Come tonight to the Stand Up Comedy Clinic for answers 1213W Magnolia Burbank 7:30
NOPE! It adds the sugar your body needs. Something like that
damn u extra late wit tha twitter page
Exhausted from this weekend. I guess that means it was a good weekend.
To all my tweeters I have a question what do y'all think of Lil wayne album ??? And be honest
It's such a shame for us to part.
Just saw a preview for Magic Mike. OMG break me off a piece of that
Good luck @ the CMAs Taylor, looking forward to seeing you on Saturday. Ur Mom, me, & sweet little you !
- Ha! I dated someone about your size one time. I think she was even shorter (5' 2").
I think it's because you braided your hair... No clue lmao. ;p
Andy Serkis deserves an Emmy for his portrayal of Kris Humphries on "Kourtney & Kim Take New York." It's uncanny.
We decided we like .. He's modern, he's chill... He's human!
However, a USB3 based solution (or Thunderbolt, potentially) is def. workable--just less optimal in case of USB. CC
Last week ESPN gave us City/United. This week its Blackburn/Wigan. Relegation fight is always much more entertaining.
Kirstie, there is no way that you are actually running.
wish I was off to join you, at the theater where I work we are screening dance films- you're welcome to join us
In the long run, you'll miss me and ill miss you, so why the fuck don't we just fix this now?
Sittin in Bdubs and Kennan asked if he can have the PDiddy deluxe
that makes two of us
Oh, yes! That next Mission Impossible is definitely going to be hot!
I didn't feel Baltimore was insane enough, you know? (I wrote a post about it) (also about quitting the blog...)
No one ever excused his way 2 success. ~ Dave Del Dotto
#zombie #walk in #Shelbyville on Saturday @ 5 pm
and you said you're not good with kids. ;)
did you tell him to move *cuss* get out the way.
The Velvet Lounge is Open!
yesterdays feelings
Hurry and pick up your FREE March Tea Pot Calendar!
Made in america!
u shuda neva brought her up. . .datz all ima really say bout it. . .
"Congrats! As the owner of an AeroPress coffee maker, you have in your hands a simple device for making the best coffee you've ever tasted."
Sorry we missed you Saturday AM. Best of luck with the Rockies and if you are ever back in NOLA, be sure and get in touch.
RT : Encourage your colleagues 2 go to & present at conferences, geekfests, creative mornings, code & coffee, hack nights.
Wow reducing the revenue coming into my household will pay my debt down. Why didn't I think of that?
#parkrose #barnbash is awesome! Who would have thought!!?? Class of 93, bitches!
I haven't been on a train in forever
Happy Steak and a Blowjob day, guys!! & I will be postponing Diablo3 game night until tomorrow to celebrate w/ Cfan.
Hey! Are you going to Affiliate Summit?
I'm so done with Breuna.
listening to islands. working on nudiezine #16. going to be epicsauce.
I'll be there but will likely be unplugged too. Not much of a surprise there.
I guess it's a compliment when guys offer to pay to do something with me. And just totally gross.
Shout out to the whole lil Mexico! We on top
Henderson - students comment length meant for them to improve
yes, you love me there! :-)
RT : Sweet tooth just left event! Great event! Check them out in our current issue! #Detroit!
The rooster says Cock-Cock-A-Dot
Long night .... For sure ...... Gotta work this weekend to.... Need sleep... First breakfast.....then sheep
This guy really needs to stop farting!!
:) just trying to plan :) what time are you thinking the partay will start?
All of New York got up at 5 in the morning. Crazy group chants of hundreds of people at zuccotti park.
Open to public10:30pm for A One Time Reunion of Favorites:The Emotions and The Shevells & more!
oh ok. Well if u wanna hit me just call. I'm off today
Happy New Year!!
don't feel like I have done enough when I do the w/o like it says.wanted to know if u got those kind of results doing what it says
Steve Blake with the closer baby!! LA all day!
is having a High Fidelity moment. What are your top 5 records of all times?
Follow her tweets are amazing!
If we pull it off we're inviting Trilogy I & Nu-Era for sure
hey how are you? Te amo! Latin girls loves you<3 xx
Awesome! You're really coming along with Displet. Still planning on calling you this week.
In love with the show
OMG! You have to go to Hooker Tea. I think its at 200 Beach Drive!!!! Raspberry mint! GO NOW!
tough day of screening but tomorrow is a new day :)
I'm glad you finally realized it. Thank you.
RT : We are visual creatures, why do we spend so much time trying to be more verbal?
It's good to mingle with other up-n-coming artists and producers
DailyHookahTip#94: Leave a space between the shisha and the foil so your top layer doesn't burn unevenly.
New #GeekTrivia from : In the 52 series, what DCU villian was revealed to be impersonating Booster Gold's companion, Skeets?
It's a chamber of commerce day and the balloons are flying at the Intl. Balloon Fiesta in ABQ. No hot air in the Pella Store. Jeff 362-0529.
"I LIKE COOKIES... THEY ARE REALLY YUMMY"
Hi there, Robin! Glad to see you're keeping busy. Michael
I just finished a 3.30 mi run with a time of 30:21 with Nike+ GPS.
“: Better at age 33: KOBE or MJ??”
Hell of a pass Kobe!
lets get this over with so I can go eat
i had subway... xD
Atleast #detroit is legit at sports
In fairness, can't you be a dedicated fan and still realize an album lacks the luster of those before it?
Can Youu PLEASE Do Me A HUGE Favor ? Yes ,No ? Can Youu PLEASE Click The Follow Botton ?
lol that's everybody says.
How do your parents keep them separate and happy? Brink gets upset if he's separate from us,
Tuesday late afternoon would be PERFECT if possible... but let me know what works for you! Thanks!
Mad i gotta work on mother's day :(
and thanks for the follow!
Just got back to the hotel.. Haven't slept since I left on Saturday morning!! I'm tired AF yo!! Lmao registration went good!!
Although our party ends at 10pm, will be taking our gift card door prizes all night long....
thanks for following!
#Bibliotech12 How can industry create entry points for
yeah :P
Just when I thought I had seen all the Law and Order repeats: enter Law and Order: UK on BBC...
I have seen way too many "bronies" at #PAX east 2012
I loved how to rock!!! And your were the cutest! :)
Just installed TweetDeck - I hope this helps me keep up better...whew
North American hockey is very much alive between USA & Canada. 5-0 impressive win for team USA over Finland. Usa will make Quarterfinals
#POTUS will be in Richmond next Sat. (5/5). Busy day in Va w/ college graduations/festivals. Get there if you possibly can!
How is everyone this morning?
¦ Books worth Sharing ¦ CHILDREN ¦ Knick Knack Paddy Whack Sing along with this rollicking take on a traditional tune that introduces...
Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet eating..achiote octopus/ chickpea pozole, oro blanco, hazelnut mole..spider..said whats in the bowl bitch
I Need To Go To Sleep. But I'm Up Thinking About Roller coasters Thanks To These People Lmaooo
First nighttime swim at Barton Springs. Bountiful moon shining above. Felt like a brief departure from reality, refreshing, clarity gifting.
Our Apple A Day Giveaway Continues Tonight at 7 & 7:30! Watch & you might win the new iPad, a Macbook Air, or an iPod Touch! 5 Nites Left!
I'm glad to know we on the same page.
Let's get things going early!
Maybe Hamels wanted to skip his next outing, and that's why he admitted to hitting Harper intentionally.
you are so funny girl. Bonk.
No Windy City burger at Smashburger? WHAT? Burger fans, unite and rise up!
Goodnight tweeters
i just redid it
All of this will be rapidly forgotten, easily replaced by mildly significant new memories.
Everyone thinks I'm gonna be a bad driver .... cause I'm asian.
my bad, trying to get a jump on picking out the best tree for this year!
“: Brent took Bourbon Street literally, he's got to be wasted in the booth.” // Brent badger don't care
Well my ankle is bad swollen really bad and I can't get out of bed this sucks but follow me ill follow back
see you June 3rd..NY..at our radio show,, #Kfest - K104 - Skywalker
The iTriage "Power-Up" lounge is open! Come relax and recharge!!! AT&T Center, room 301.
Final period of play and it's do or die for the #Amerks who need to overcome a 2-0 deficit to keep the series alive.
its a wicked long sory.. but once im dead... theyll leave everyone alone and turn themselves in
I met a Pantels in SF who said they had family in GA. Any family in Cali?
#BandsILove Anarbor, The Summer Set & The Downtown Fiction, A Rocket to the Moon
I may just lock my account. I don't want anyone from the cUlt of $cientology stalking me or anyone else. That's why I left
My favorite sunglasses got scratches on them):
I'm seeing you in Chicago. I'm so excites. FRONT ROW
Join us for Happy Hour tonight and enjoy a $5 Bee's Knees or Mimosa! 5-8pm. Any brave souls want to try the new Ghost Chile tequila?
Good morning, Anita. I hope you have a wonderful day!
Fine, but this only reinforces my inclination to procrastinate. I've learned no lessons here today! See you Mon!
Just how I role. is my inspiration.
Ya, I think it'd be worth it to watch YOU get a ticket w/a gallop. 140 characters is not enough....
I love you<3
best kind of pool
well since I don't have a job anymore, and you're on vacation, we should chill sometime man.
#WordPress #Tools AWStats Xtended Info – Requires AWStats and adds things such as screen size, Flash, PDF, and Java support.
I think the world would be much more better if MARIJUANA was L E G A L everywhere.....S/O to y'all cool weed smokers lol ; )
LOVE IT! THX
I do believe you, but I want to see footage of this :)
Just got home from work and I see the #Bulls are handling they biz still. Noah and Lucus combining for 25 so far. Yes
Is there a Nobel prize in Getting Little Spots of Salad Dressing on One's Shirt? If so, I am already writing my acceptance speech.
. I'll take 'best tweet ever' for 500, Alex.
How you doing ma brother!! We going be #jiujitsu By The Bay!!! Come eat!!!
. takes stage at
Dreams don't work unless you do.
Jameson neat. BECAUSE I CAN.
TROLL HARD PAUL RT : Would someone explain why Notre Dame was given a seat at BCS talks? Last top finish: 1993.
I got the series of unfortunate events. Lol I remember reading these win I was little. I bet the movie will suck tho
oh hell no
omg i guess i'm luckyj ust because iic ame back online i love you sis thnx for coming online and thnx
Not gonna lie: The #1 thing that got me out of bed this morning was the sheer multitude of tweets in my stream about fresh coffee.
I know not with what weapons World War I will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones. - Albert Einstein
OH: "Holy data redundancy, Batman!" - , RE: working in (what else?) this morning
ass so fat
Colombian Links
it ends with a hang up... I'm used to that.
thanks! , are you going to be in Cannes this year? I'm headed there May 15-22.
Me without Austin is like a plane without fuel, a plant without water, a sky without clouds, and me without a life.
thank you, friend.
haha really? now I'm probably going to be saying phresh a lot thanks to you!(: haha follow me pretty please?(:
Drawing generates ideas but sometimes it makes for uncertainty. Luckily the latter makes for good art.
how youngboul look like beans from evan stevens.
Oh yeah! We have to stop Va Tech's shooting and have a better shot selection!
WHY DID HE HAVE TO CHANGE?. I MISS THE OLD HIM OK?! vjrnevjrbyd.
Out of the play off's - no problem! go to www.playffnow and enter a game with your freinds. Put your own action on the game.
You must be worthy of the best, but not more worthy than the rest. -Denis Waitley
Thanks, we're glad you like the Small Streets site!
I will see you tomorrow!! Can't Wait! :)
RT : Just saw the track in Edmonton, it looks great long straights with places to pass it will be great race. Can't wait ...
Never regret your past just the things that youve done^.^
thanks for the RT!
those Dos Equis Beer Commercials >>>>>>>> Mosquitos refuse to Bite him Purely Outta Respect !
loving that hash tag
Who thinks we should stencil "Free Candy" on the side of the new tour van?
lol he's adorable! glad he likes it. :)
Spending the whole day on buses. I am sad to be leaving Boston/Maine. Had awesome hang outs with
A beaut day to start the week. Congrats to my youngest son who turned 6 yesterday! Let's make today count.
Phyllis makes THE best blueberry muffins....period.
what about Rodgers? 45 touchdown passes only 6 int. sorry he's the MVP no question.
OK, the flux capacitor is installed. Major PITA, but I did it. LOL
#UCONN just locked in their 12th straight postseason win! Are they on their way to their second straight #BIGEAST title?
Success can breed fake friends and true enemies...Keep your circle tight.
no go for me, can't take Emma yet
& baby daddy didn't say he love me back ... *puts his std papers up* . <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
it's okay it's really effin sore :-/ but thanks
Congratulations to Danielle Frio! You just won $250 on Guy & Eva Pays Your Bills! Great job to her Style Advisor, Katicia Rothrock!
#ilovemyboobeacause he always showers me with love and affection on special occasions : )
First day of school! Adolescent Gang Intervention down, Los Angeles + the American Dream and Sustainability Planning to go... Excited.
Every recovery from alcoholism starts with one sober hour...
Can't wait for our little fiesta cookout tonight
Potomac High win Cardinal District Championship defeating Gar-Field on a last second bucket 44-42
After a decade, we finally replaced the hideous light in our kitchen, a five-glass-globe monstrosity dubbed "the boobs."
I purposely spelled it the way I did.
Let's Remember that "Overnight" success usually takes about 15 YEARS to make..!! I'm in it for the longhaul "cheers".! Go Xtreme!
it's a song lyric .
Well, now I'm a big weepy mess. Thanks for sharing.
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 41
How to make a career? To me it's very clear. There's only one way to live: Give give and give!
Kinda nervous about #dwts tonight. Not worried about fan votes, but the judges....idk
RT Today during5 o'clock hour,I'll be on NBC4 here in Columbus.Fingers crossed I don't look like a fool!Congrats!It will be great.
kickin it wit Kaz b..ready to make some more classics!
follow bak n wat u talkin bout half day
no he ain't
RT : California ban on junk food in high schools results in fewer calories, fat, & sugar consumed. Let's do this...
Coffee then 2miles.
Ah, I hate when I mess things up! :/
Hawkeye doesnt have a scope and trigger and he's an Avenger....
I hate how you make me love you...
What part of Indy is located in? RT : The dry hopped APA from is on and it is tasty.
I wanna be the person you need, not the person you want..
ha, ha the good 'ole days :)
My mosquito bites hurt.
Hilarious. Can't WAIT to see this show! RT At least my sinus infection is making its Bway debut
MTTS lecture tomorrow (10/2) with Kathy Thornton, Space Flight: An Astronaut's Historical Perspective! 10 a.m. at Alumni Hall.
love the photo of the C logo!
Challenge groups start soon! Workout+ nutrition+accountability all in one! Don't miss out on a chance to finally get in amazing shape!MSG me
Follow Friday is 4 if ur like me suffering through a quarterlife crisis follow 4 some great advice & tips! (via )
But then, no one would be talking about you and you wouldn't have any "haters" to make you ~famuz. Not so
I hate school, I know I say it alot. But its all true.
Great article in TechCrunch today... totally onpoint
Good man, AKON. Hate me some Daniel Bryan
Keep buying lottery tickets people, just less money I have to pay in taxes
That sucks, but I guess its a compliment?
Never change for nobody <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Just saw a homeless man that looked like a down-on-his-luck Hulk Hogan.
Who Up With Me Though ? LMS (;
You guys talk about how bad our freshman class is, but wait til next years freshman come lolololol
RT ": School 15 was where I had my best memories <U+2764>"
"Day by Day" ftw.
RT true story! <----- I've never questioned ur awesomeness but has #danieltosh started jockin you now?
Is it possible to get lost in the darkness?
Yay. In case we don't see those two paired up enough on NBC.
“: I'm SMH at new avatar choice”. It's all about bringing some luck!
We will miss you to Bri Ri!
have a great time in cheeseland!!
I love how ESPN announcers just make up new first names for the Morrii when they get confused about which is which.
Left home at 830 AM. Leaving work at 1 AM. I want my bed. Like, now.
at least you know im sexually attracted to you?. LOL
Not for the first time, really wishing that the US East and West coasts weren't 3,000 miles apart. Feeling grateful for the Wright brothers.
Everyone go follow . Check out his music too. My boy spittin str8 fire on every verse
congrats on your site...
Are you in NYC?
We Will Even Bring our songs and flags to youre home games!
#AGirlJustWants someone to love her, always
// Well said! Thanks for those inspiring words.
Pull my hair & ill nibble on you.! ;)
I dont think so:( i will tell u guys why on tuesday and can u tell ever1 else plezz xoxox
"Age is just a number." "Yeah, and jail is just a place."
Nine sharp volunteers are now trained Red Cross public affairs spokepeople. It was a privilege working with you. We are in good hands!
Nice to know that I trust no one...except for my best friend and boyfriend.
Starting my day with Boy Meets World again :)
: Check out this Twitter list: /bieber-swag
you're not alone! It's tough to put down what you're passionate about!
I like it! I am due for an overhaul this summer.
Philadelphia Inquirer Wins Public Service Pulitzer Prize For ‘Assault On Learning’ Series
My blog is established 4 years on Blogger, I'm not going anywhere, even with posers.
RT : I didn't know Canada even had currency. I always thought they bartered with beaver teeth and moose dewlaps.
btw, great work running and walking all day! Beautiful day for it!
Great info about the telling stories in your blogs.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
“: Live the life YOU want to live. Be the person you want to remember. Make decisions, make mistakes. If you fall, at least you tried
I was pretty sure Gingrich was all talk and wouldn't follow thru and go after Romney tonite. Wonder if he'll change strategy for morning
Hot day here in NC! How are you keeping cool? Think about automated temperature control to keep your bills down in the coming summer months
I lead worship at church and with an org called Tres Dias. All volunteer! How to make any sort of living, a great mystery.
How does the white get on the rice, anyway?
If its a SnapBack then it's 100%
just voted, but I'm tweeting you anyways.. NEW YORK NEW YORK NEW YORK. I NEED TO SEE YOU IN PERSON, OMG PLEASE. <3
holy shiz austin, did you bite him ?
Okay I admit it Downton Abbey is the shit! #
Mr, Jarvis as other have said I am sure please kepp UNITY in mind for efforts to continue changing lives in your community.
Mikey thank you SO much for the RT! I'm a HUGE fan! GO #CELTICS!! & GO !! GET SEXY, HA HA. Hey, why NOT my song? :)
Don't you hate when you meet someone attractive as hell with the personality of a wall?
... because it helps us track and record the invisible labor that so many digital humanists do. The system is meant to ...
Prom tomorrow, I hope it doesn't suck.
Good season Hawks. Next year.
Getting friends back!! Josh: check! Joshua: check! Garrett: Facebook friends! I missed these guys :)
Nintendo 3DS...I'll wait for the 2nd model with a second thumb stick build in.
I think he's in a smoochie mood...
Awesome, thanks!
Steelers did a little cobra kai last night, I knew brown was a stud 300 + rec in 3 yrs in college, young money crew!
Yeah it's definitely old-school ... I used to swing by back in the day too! So much good stuff!
Feel free. If you would like to talk about it, let me know.
Packed lively house last night and nearly sold-out house tonight for #TwoGents! Life is good.
An old guy saw the whole thing. He said i flipped twice.
wish I could get my dogs to walk nice. My girl rotti gets where she needs to be but seems to just forget.
Dropped Mhy Chicken ^.^
who will give shade/to the shadow
If someone made me some red velvet cupcakes, I would love them for all eternity.
YTEH IM SORRY
:) I am doing well so far today. How are you doing cutie?
so much pressure
I'm gonna goal it towards two words, no three words: Onward, upward & far-ward!
hahahaha it does have that ring huh
Sometimes some things are better left unsaid.
Suggest harnessing HOT AIR from Congress & WH Energy 4ever
Marriage, sexuality and more. At the end of the day, I keep it One<U+2764>.
You're welcome.
Happy New Year to all our customers & followers. Thanks for your business in 2011. Cheers to 2012!
I wish someone would have told schroder to shut up 3 years ago. Put cirillo back on,atleast he knew what he was talking about
I've got a tight grip on reality, but I can't let go of what's in front of me here <U+2764>
We'd love to. :)- consider it done!
Standing room only LIRR train. July 4 at the Hamptons has begun.
Got an invitation last week to be on Hoarders, but now I can't find it in my office. Damn this mess.
I'll get you exact location tomorrow. (what's up, it's )
Much love to our #5x7 media sponsors! Last week's SPLURGE & SOCIAL were amazing.
This bus smells like pre teen shit
me being stressed = me eating ALL THE TIME = me gaining 500 pounds = me being stressed...
Just made myself the greatest breakfast sandwich in history. I should sell it to McDonalds.
Nassib has been picked off 2 times today.
Follow my new page and unfollow this one it got hacked
Thank you frank i have the baseball package unfortunally for you im a fan Lets Go Braves!!!
Today's events: Walking around the neighborhood with my bro in search for the wandering white dog. (my brother really wants to save it)
#Winterfresh was great yesterday!!!! So much fun. Still in recovery mode lol :D
Ehh, it's okay. I don't necessarily like where I live in New York.. But overall it's not too bad.
just got your info about the after hous hh. contact anna @ 214.580.7200 and let's talk!
Love me love me say that you love me fool me fool me!! follow me please! (:
sweet! Thanks for the tip!
almost done holiday shopping ...very broke
:prickly pear cactus are rich in slowly absorbed soluble fibers that help keep blood sugar stable. Thirsty? We've got em!
no reason for me to not tell truth. Just got a dog on the corner!
iPad users: I created a Levon Helm video & articles tribute on the free "agilezoom" app (Download & then use 'portfolio' search)
"We have a broken arrow situation." "what's that?" "We are missing a can of SPAM" "God, save us all"
my friends faked a breakup of an engagement. Yay.
the hologram is more on point.
If you eat in the kitchen in your room and order you go to bed at 9 o'clock - it means you do not have internet :)
thanks for the follow. Let me know if I can help you in any way!!
How u gone come over somebodies house and say you don't eat everybodies spaghetti but you trust fried wings from the Arabs on Cottage?
Congrats on the BIG win tonight!! Awesome Shutout Victory!!
Having Buffalo Wild Wings and Smarties for lunch >>>>>>>>>
Every Tuesday and Thursday were now at 100 Spear (at Mission). 11-2pm
So fun! Sign up today for a girl's night out!
haha something like that
!Buenos Dias Love! ; )
Omg teen wolf is on ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
The worst thing about sitting on a stability ball at work is the price of Whole Foods groceries.
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
Catch free music here at the library tomorrow with 2nd Saturdays, from 1-3pm. Stop by after the parade and continue the fun w/us!
RT #tedxnyed what is education for, if not a healthy and sustainable future. It begins with a change in thinking.
Appears so, huh? ;) RT It is April fools isn't it...oops:)
If Barack Obama were Dubya, he'd be standing on what's left of Bin Laden's compound under a big "Misson Accomplished" sign tonight.
ah crap is today Sunday?
Bigger delivery on the way, Ax!. Go enjoy being a daddy for the 2nd time!
and you win the free excessive at wear collection plus a box of toothpicks.
Sending a HUGE "thank you" to everyone who's donated to DEATH, LIFE AND A CREME-FILLED CENTER! Couldn't dream of doing our play without you.
A FUCK & WE LOST !
boxes books letterpress...sassy exquisite fun smart whimsical. bellafortebooks.com
#Pisces is grateful for the chance to delve into the netherworlds of Neptunian splendor with their loved ones-movies, video games, TV
Sounds like a plan!!
ha, thanks Matt. Luckily the bar isnt set very high in the infosecurity industry.
Drop everything and dance in the rain!
In any case, if they're in your story, make them three-dimensional. Make them count.
Vegetable side will probably be honey glazed carrots.
I know yo history u ain't on shit!
watch the world go up in smoke
I loathe Facebook. No idea why I'm still on it aside from work reasons.
Yes. Can play 1-4, but he's a 3. RT : So you obviously project Dekker as a 2-3 swing type as opposed to a 4?
nobody? okay. I'll delete it(:
Snow! It was small sad flakes this morning, but now it's happy big flakes!
Store: You Break it, You Buy it!!! You; HELLO??? Why would I buy something that's Broken???
I would like to be awake and alert for it! =P
I think it's fine 2 not respond 2 the pedagogical imperative. Share your interesting research w/o concluding w/ ped. implications.
Having meetings today on the behalf of Above The Atlantic, and Shame Alexander...we are pushing forward, and great things are happening...
that's not even funny. how is it racist?
"I wish I liked anything as much as my kids like bubbles. #knockedup "
Would love to share the stage with y'all again, but I'll be there regardless ;-) RT We haven't played live in a while.
Please excuse Jimmy for being. It was his father's fault.
Mt friend just ditched me tonight to hang out with the girl who has no friends..Like wtf.:O Oh well. I'll be on twitter tonight I guess.
I am so ready for some travel softball!
forget about that #10 ESPN preseason ranking. Go out there and do your business!!
A complimentary resources track... separate from convos, maybe...
I live on a boat, and have a talent for catching sight of ducks just as they're pooping. Or maybe they are always pooping.
Just a few more hours to get 56% off a large triple baked Meglio Pizzera Specialty Pie - get over to www.crowdclick.com quick!
She lives in New York? She's my neighbor! We're all like that here. lol
I heard there was some shooting with injuries there. Good Luck I hope you can make home soon
OK BREAKFAST TIME.....
people annoy the fuck outta me. damn.
I went to some of the auditions a few months back. It was a lot of fun. You were front row!? That's amazing.
#iwillalwayslove all of Eminem's old albums.
People who hate on my dude need to get some sense, the man does his job very well, knows more about sports than most
If you like dance hall peep "Jay Vinci-Party Time" I heard it when I was in Puerto Rico its dope
Quick peak into Wichita St/VCU game: "active hands by the shockers." Indeed.
TV cops eating their late-night office Chinese food off of plates, not directly out of cartons. Fiction approaching reality!
Happy Birthday!
You seem like a sweet old lady but your sons team doesn't stand a chanceRT : I'm sure glad this ate is coing to &end
Big time! Celts-Hawks will be a tough matchup but I know the #Celtics are prepared. Soon as the #RedSox sweep CHGO! :D
I'm sort of curious about Titanic 3D.
hey girl u need to text me bak like NOW!(;
Spring Into Summer Fest in Lawrence, KS!!!! We play at 9:45
RT : just registered its 3000th user!
I already know what to say when I run into Mila Kunis <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.- Jim Rohn
An important clarification for WY tweeps, our previous tweet referring to Rep. Gingrey is an op-ed by Phil Gingrey (R-GA11)
thank you very much!!! :)
I'd it's an open book quiz or test docent that mean its a worksheet ...... Stupid teachers
Texas T, I'm working on a dissertation/book project on SLABs. I want to connect with you about it. Do u have an email address?
What, it's in your basement, so you get in free? What shit is that?
When asked the 3 most impt qualities in a man, the replies that came back included:: Breathing, conscious and awake!! LOL
Moving again for #operationsweetleaf -- headed north and east to unincoporated Adams County, should be there live for 4
papillon is about a man who escapes from a French penal colony.
Statement from #mariashriver "I ask for #compassion, #respect and #privacy as my children and I try to rebuild our lives and heal."
Forreal I ain't seen pro nowhere yet but if I do we gonna chill
meet me on the northside for
Had a meeting about a reading of my collection of short plays!
To those in the path of Irene, be safe
#50thingsilove #4: Music. Any kind. Anywhere. Any time. Music completes my life. :)
I hereby promise to never make fun of the Vikings franchise and their Super Bowl futility (while I am sober).
-Thanks Dina! Enjoy your items!
I did<U+2665>
thank u for watching!! :)
Expectation can be the triggering mechanism which attracts into your life, every good you desire -Bob Proctors classic "you were born Rich"
Blog Post: What is Wanted vs.What is Needed ...in life, what’s wanted & what’s needed are not necessarily the same thing....
Big thanks to for all his #FF support!
It was a new glitch for me due to Siri activation.
"Velvet Pavilions" south asian fiction, characters lived globally...........still burdened with cultural taboos and unpredictable behaviors
hahah where did you find this? I can only imagine what songs are on it..
HHEEEYYY SEXXY DIDNT THINK YOUD BE ON THIS LATE AND OKAY I DONT THINK HEKNOWS I JUST THINK HE KNOWS THAT SHE LIVES THERE
Thanks for the follow, you guys rock!
Tell you're husban to come to twitter love u
When someone tweets somethin nd u wonder if it's bout u <
"I had this bad chick uptown she was... Had me messed up in the head I mean.... Bought the chick diamonds and pearls like..."
you have way more self discipline than me!
Tweet Tweet, where are all the #musiclovers at? Where are all the #musicians in #boston?
I'll never feel bad for a women who messed wit a drug dealer (on purpose) then bitches bout bein a single parent when he locked up stfu
Another idiotic & immature performance by all 4 -- quit talking about earmarks -- go after OBAMA 4 crying out loud.
“: Jloaks got it bad ima bug out woke up in the morning smoked a boge I'm a belmet ” hahahahahaha
I've seen how fragile life can be recently. Live every moment to the fullest and never take anyone for granted.
Got my pro tools 9 set up....lets get mixin
Tom Selleck grew two extra mustaches to use as eyebrows for his role on Blue Bloods.
been dropping beats like ... Well ... I've been dropping beats.. Shut up... Damn
can i call you instead?
Great Deal Today From Absolutely Fresh Seafood Co. Downtown...Check Out Their Page For A Special Facebook Offer!
sounds great.
I like when the universe fucks with
WTF was that
then a senior, i dont think its a freshman.
Then declares his passion filled undying love for me..(and that he wrote somebody that I used to know thinking only of me)
they took it down? Do you know when?
Calvin Johnson just got paid.
Fml. Plum high school reunion at at altarbar. Just as bad as the 10 yr reunion......jordan knight up next!
RT I text E..... FOR NONE OF THE ABOVE ! Dunk contest
During exams I always think: "When am I going to use this in my life?"
That was not a raccoon..
Refer to the Bill O'reilly ;"You can't explain that".
Kobe with a clutch shot?
This game is intense!!! #edgeofmyseat tied baby!
Boy your mad as fuck . Stfu , & get a life , mr.im so fucking promo with this shit , Not really nigga , lol
great job last night Rey !!
Prosecutor: "voluntary intoxication" is not a defense for murder.
yes duh. Every song I tweet is dedicated t you
Okay - we know its possible to cuff on FB. But Twitter ??
Back to work after a week off.....ugh
#InstantTurnOn nice arms
thx for the help with my friend. Much appreciated. I will let you know when I head down your way for a game.
Space shuttle Discovery piggyback final flight just went over my car on GW Parkway. Amazing sight.
Perfect AZ weather. 7 mile run then into the pool.
"couple code" = coupon code, duh.
im back! bitches!
I'll cut the head off one of the members on your sticker family when I'm trying to send a message.
That one time when You dont wanna brush your teeth cause your mouth taste like peanut butter...and its pretty Awesome :)
So excited to be able to help #Sharpstown High School set up a recycling program on campus.
Just googled 'sex on a tempur pedic'...I'm bored.
#summerjam2012 beez in the the trap by my love #TeamMinaj all day ever day :-)
LOL My mom's like "Why are you up so early? I thought you loved sleeping." u-u.
Good Day to be a Seminole fan, let ride one a lil bit more, gettin ready to head southbound i95 to Miami in a lil bit
haha yeah, there's always a bright side! Better than no beach at all (:
#MyThoughtsAtSchool why do some ppl come to school everyday to just sit there && not do shit!
an A, B+, and 2 Bs. I think I shall celebrate.
DONT LIKE MR FORD
We didn't get picked.
Outpost announces merger talks with Armory Center for the Arts. Merger would preserve artist residencies, Monster Drawing Rally
7 page research paper, you are done! Now it's a coast to the finish line! I can smell the California Coast already!!
Do you think Mr. Limpet is an ancestor of Nemo?
Celebrate Hispanic Heritage- Friday - Baltimore Aquarium 5-9p. Info www.aqua.org Live music, salsa lesson/dancing.
Thanks for the love!!
so much better!!thanks!!
Telling someone you are going to drunk text them is retarded and not cute... smh
There's no such thing as losing a friend . If we aren't friends anymore , we were never friends in the first place (:
Class tonight's discussion: biotech and its collapsing of future into the present.
Five swimmers in one lane at Culver 7am workout with total of 136 years being on the team:
Sorry, i'm not perfect
Is hugging a tree a crime?
Lmaoo & me in 4 period making faces because of the sour patch kids.
well yes ma'am!!! I just beasted my PE final so now I'm on my way!
can't wait to be shredding through that fresh #powpow!
Fabulous night at w/ and my 2 adorable little pups!
Hey Bear, we must know - are beards in anyway beneficial in survival situations?
things arent always what they seem to be.. people who shit on you arent your enemies and people who thake you out of shit arent your friends
I fully expect you to get them singing! The Treasures of the Heart School Bus Choir...
We are history, the shadow covers me, the sky above, a blaze that only lovers see...in this blue shade my tears dry on their own.
sent that tweet about before the end of the podcast. Oops...
Happiness keeps you sweet. Trials keep you strong. Sorrows keep you human. Failures keep you humble. God keeps you going.
lol kz they said it should only b at least 20 min apt so vhat time r u going to picxk me up
wonder if there is a group policy to restrict use of the "red bang" on email
Is this guy for real with his bacon cooking alarm clock?? #sharktank Rise & Swine is silly.
I just really thoroughly enjoyed this conversation
They say douche bag & penis breath in ET... Ha!!!
I am reaping the harvest God promised me and taking back what the devil stole from me (It is hard) but I rejoice 2day, 4 I SHALL RECVER ALL
#ThingsPGKidsSay let me use your agenda so I can go to the bathroom.
Big things happening in the office all day today. Keeping an eye on holiday retail sales...anyone think they'll do a lot better than '08?
Why did I just text you?!
Titans select Kendall Wright Patriots trade up to take Chandler Jones
Love wicker park & ! : : Q3 #Foodiechats Where is your fave #Organic market?
#newfronts. VEVO execs rolling in. packed house. piano on stage. looking forward to hearing about their new original programming.
that picture so cute
My final philosophy paper is only 500 words
Hwar no evil , speak no evil , see no evil.
This nigga showed up to an IPO roadshow in a hoodie... smh
The hook was on my head
Send an email to She will give you all the details.
Heck, straightforward good! students as approachable w/a sense of humor about themselves & content straight from source
Good game United. 2 - nil. Well done Scholes and Young.
Hire me for a PT/FT Balto/DC/SATRAD live/voicetracked gig to make this pitch go away forever.
I got several large projects done today and it feels so good! Hope everyone has a wonderful Friday!
God also said that a man should take his brother's wife as his own if his brother dies. Whoops.
sounds like I'm missing out on an awesome buzz! Take good notes for me!
We can ah , Our standard higher than SCORPIONS ~
always keep god first:)
Fucked up on my birthday, drunk on holidays, and tipsy on any other occasion
A man who exposes himself when he is intoxicated, has not the art of getting drunk! ~ Anonymous
I didn't like Titanic the first time. Certainly don't want to see it in 3D.
We offer only the highest quality parts & service at affordable rates. Beware of cheap iPhone repair services!
I want to direct pornographic films
Get me to a better seat at z100 jingle ball.
you mean from the past? He was quoted, took a physically and did not pass because of his knee
Yer on notice, This candyass will mess you up if you don't get out here & represent w/rest of team Tamoguchi /cc
The world's largest hamburger available on a menu weighs in at 150 pound. What does it cost? a. $199 b. $299 c. $399 d. $4.99
Same haha just ready for some good sleep I hope
People say "um" a lot when they ask questions and preface those questions with lots of story.
It's AMAZZING! ;-) “: “: Coffee and beef jerky #breakfastofchampions” we've gotta try that...”
i would like to hear Adele sing the national anthem
2 inches off my waist, day 9 is looking up.
#Huger Games tonight!
...There's a Ren Fair going on!?
#uncc 's help desk rocks. they are SO good!
why are you taking meds? You always seem so happy
Thanks for another great opportunity to be part of #TheMorningBlend. Always appreciate it and nice to see you and !
I vote that you come back
Hip Hop International.
Mother's Day is over so IT'S ALL ABOUT ME AGAIN!
WARNING! If you get an e-mail with the title of "Nude Photo of Newt Gingrich" DO NOT OPEN IT! It IS a nude photo of Newt Gingrich.
Man, I have to think that everyone in Philly is going to get tired of eating all of their free chili.
Want to meet That's So Raven's dad? Come to a show taping on Friday in Johnston Hall at 6pm. Pick up now in JH 105.
um... that's my car.... and i actually am kind of fabulous...
MMG feat T Pain- Bag of money co signed by DJ Jeff Fox debuts 2nite !!!!
you lucky duck.
Movie date to go see The Avengers? Anyone?
my dog is 20 pounds of gray furry steel. shes kinda crushing my foot.
mine is amazing as always here!
when they interrupt me during khole&lamar <<
I luff my boyfriend
this guy is such a jerk. The love the LOVE IS BIGGER
I like how I can cause problems without doing anything.
and together on one song. Bye ovaries nice knowing you
nm just watching basketball, u?
no invite
Can you send me please a swatch of this "Tutu" color. I'm a lit professor and need some pzazz on my walls, too.
Follow me please :D,,,
Track day saturday :-) super stoked I can't wait !!!!! R6 is ready to go an I hope the r1 will be too
Any interest in seeing NoFX on NYE?
thanks Sierra(:
Patience, Kindness, and Joy. Try and wrap your brains around those three little words.
Passing this one along to the DD Mothership!RT : How about offering key tag gift cards?
really tough, but candy canes :] i just ate one actually! <U+2665>
Thanks for the mention last #FF! I'll be sure to give you a shout this #FF ;) hope to visit you soon!
UCLA is trending! ...oh its about sports. nvm
what a sweetheart :)RT : Spending part of the day donating my collection of vintage 2010 cardboard rectangles to
If WebCamWindow ever has a call center, we promise they'll speak English, solve problems and be here in the USA.
And Las Vegas's hometown born & raised Chris Francis scores the first goal of the game making it 1-0 #Wranglers w/ 8:50 left n the 1st
Kentucky Derby Trifecta: Union Rags -Went the day well -Dullhan Union Rags the Winner....
That awkward moment when your just nervous.
So Tired!
' My Bitch tho . . . I'm bored tho an boo thang gotta handle that shit first! Lmao
how is everyone doing?
#WhyDoIAlways Believe your lies?
Excellent point! Tests like FCI have since adapted a tool to higher order that the inventor characterized as crude.
when r u gonna tell us the winners?!? :)
Or, it's a shrewd negotiating tactic.
Coronary artery disease occurs when plaque builds up in the arteries that supply blood to the heart.
You know I just bookmarked that post, right? Lol.
I wonder why people grow apart
You, sir, have been awarded tweet of the day. Fingers crossed for ROI of Batman based Webinars.
Aunt of Pres. Obama shows us what she calls proof he's an American. Story coming up on 7News.
I hope that Pizza was good
I just watched it and loved every minute! I might have to download the album. 'Tis the season. Miss you!
The #Muppet Animal is based off of The Who's drummer Keith Moon who was well known for his frantic style.
its funny that people think that they can just walk in and out of my life as they please
"Show up - Pay Attention - Tell the Truth - Don't Be Attached to the Outcome" Great rules for living!
#tnasacrifice i think it's bullshit that got screwed again out of a win!
just seeing your message we have AEs in the office from 12p-5p today. Call the main number they can help you 214-747-MAVS (6287)
The Benefits of Being a Babysitter « Teenage Enthusiasm
I like Adam LaRoche
R/T : totally doing corset research for work. FOR WORK.
no you stop it.
Boot Camp Saturday 7:40am! Bring your BEST! And at 9am stay for Mobility class!!!!
Looking forward to hearing from at tonight's #501TechNYC meetup at the
Watching do a deep dive for at #health2con . Wants to pay docs for uncompensated care.
we truly appreciate the business!
He has a manager now. Is he signed? We don't know, but whatever happens, our love, support & dedication won't stop.
Good day to be a Bobcat. #Ohio #thebigdance!
yesterday 30 days before that haha and the *future*
RT PA Labor dpt estimates 388 welder openings every year-need exists in all regions
www.jtb.co.jp/ very cheap right now!
On train to
The anticipation of a tornado is worse than the actual tornado....just like anything else I guess. sigh.
Love the support. I hope we can all collab one day soon, keep it breezy!
Stanbrough wins Heat #1 but I believe Gulick passed the most cars finishing 4th
A guys toupee flew off his head just now on the thruway and hits car...
Finally saw Dogtooth. Will need untold amounts of time to recover. In a good way.
How come casino music seems to be Hall & Oates all the times I've been here?
So long Trenton!
heh. Very interesting! Lately I've been teaching myself to think in centigrade
When r we,as a society,going to accept drinking as a means to get thru our boring day jobs and not some "problem" that needs 12 steps to fix
The short story about the 99 horned beast..."If God enjoy's earth, then I'm doing this wrong, God's my King....the end" - the 99th king
Booked our flights to #Austin. Nice.
Loving this az rain!
I totally agree! We must make everyone switch. Let's do lunch/dinner tomorrow? I want to see you and PP
Had a great Central Committee meeting tonight. Always enjoy hanging out with friends and colleagues
With at the San Diego and Imperial Counties Labor Council Dinner. 900 plus in attendance...nice job Labor Council staff!
I think watching someone eat that might be more entertaining than watching the game.
^Is your weight and fat content where you want it?
Thanks for following, love! <3 :]
Never :P
yes, let's go.
Women Lie,Men Lie!
The nice guys always finish last
I can't wait to be a nurse <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
I want to live in Bellevue or anywhere out of state.
I will cut government spending & minimize gov't bureaucracy. Let's bring back the American Dream!
Sorry about my #ReadingRainbow tweet this acid trip has lasted way too long #drugsarebadkids never again
There are some dumbass people who try to return things at work, just bc our policy doesn't allow something your going to call your lawyer?
Aha I know I was posting the randomest things on peoples walls<3(: not just his:D
Omr my cat had kittienz omr their all white and sO cute
me thinks its going to be a great year!
just found a toenail in his pocket.
dumb ass now the whole internet has ur number
Roger has kissed that wet turf at least once.
Sorry, I can't help but laugh at this. Why is this?
yep...I would seriously hurt someone for just a bite right now! Lol
So glad chocolate milk is considered an ideal post #workout snack. Yum!
what about the 11 people who voted for Herman Cain!
I know I will hate work tomorrow. 5 hours and work will suck. Oh well what the fuck ever d
Another awesome local #startup - check this community out, amazing women and an inspiring CEO
“Introverts aren’t necessarily shy. Shyness is fear of social disapproval, inherently painful; introversion is not”~
A mistake is at least evidence that someone tried to do something. And Spot Cleaning Guns @ caps-screenprinting.com eliminate mistakes.
“: Somebody needs to get Chris Collinsworth a warm glass of shut the hell up. He is beyond annoying.”
:: His Ugly As Just Left .
I've been through a lot really... just to think I have so much left to go through.
Can't wait to leave....cousin give be mad cause i can't wait till he get home I wanna bounce asap
No one ever said being successful was gonna be easy, but i'll tell you one thing it sure is hell going to be worth it
Hmm, but do you really mean the stagings? Is that why you thought "were"?
I'm subject to being charged by <U+C758><U+AE08><U+BD80> with an attempt at complicity in murder of king sejo with the six martyred ministers.
The one guy I can talk to about everything is ignoring me because of his psycho gf.
Are you: In Chicago? A training developer? Have created SharePoint training modules? Not you, but you know someone who is? Lets talk!
i want some of those warmers for your leggies!
Good fragrances there
Delayed flight...missed connection...day in Frankfurt, Germany! That`s life. Saudi Arabia tomorrow!
Same for Social media. The holy grail is developing an intergraded marketing strategy.
Absolutely nothing
Oh that qualifies as a nightmare!
It doesn't matter. When the philanthropist gives, it's pointless to ask Why. Similarly, when you are stabbed in the back...
RT : Now and again we try. Maybe we'll turn it around. 'Cause it's not too late. It's never too late...
yes boo!!<U+E107>
There is much controversy regarding casting director workshops... do you consider them beneficial to the actor? Thanks! xo
#Orioles first baseman #chrisdavis had 7 total k's tonight. Struck out 5 times at the plate and struck out 2 in the 17th inning for the win
best takeaway today: bad writing is killing America
I've been listening to on repeat for the last hour...that's each song 3 times. I'm hooked!!!!!!!!
go Follow Please!
Thanks ... right back at ya'
We'll be all over Milwaukee today. Tell us where to Christmas shop!
This time I'm writing out the plan in them, carving it on the lining of their hearts. - hebrews
I will tweet about relationship and love all day everyday . If you don't like it. The unfollow button is right there.
you guys are the kings (and queen) of hipster right now.
I wonder who claimed Dunn on waivers.. just a matter of the high asking price for a hot, left handed power bat.
sleep is for the weak! Perhaps a glass of warm milk will do the trick?
apparently called latin fiesta =P
At least I'll have a good target on the fight team
Netflix HATES Will Smith.
I(we) want more gigs but I want the "best" ones, some gigs are more trouble than they are worth,be SELECTIVE, time is very "precious"....
then I expect that you have a long worry-free life ahead of you!
One of the funniest line I've heard... " You are like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!"... then I told him to look up "hilarious"
Me too. :-P I have no idea when I ever have listened to the Black Crowes. It wasn't on purpose.
Hello tweets!
no way you 2 looked like that at prom
People love to rubberneck.
Man I was real mad. Before it opened it sounded like the illest place on Earth lol. It was disappointing.
surprise surprise :) i mean u could always get me a job at mickey d's
me too! "wonder wheel" and "page previews" under search tools are interesting.
Chryst needs to get it together!
*blushes* :) honestly I didn't notice the first time I read it. All I seen was niece & prom #cute but "shofer" is pretty funny
happy hump day!
A HUGE thank you to all who participated in #Legends2012- so much talent packed into the we thought it might spontaneously combust!
are you interested in doing some pro bono web work for an energetic youth focused social enterprise? lots of autnomy...cool program...dm me
Video: Throwback Footage: Ray J Letting Fabolous Borrow His Lambo For A Music Video + Ray J Plays The Piano For Floyd Mayweather
If you're interested in 'balancing' work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. Instead make your work more pleasurable. Donald Trump
If I had a nickel for every time my boss called me Chinaface I'd be about 45 cents richer, which means 36 more times & I can buy a Metrocard
Or was it the fried chicken lol, u want some,
Great deals tonight : $2 Southern Comfort, Bacardi and $3 Corona!
2,999 Followers - Who will put me over the Top?
names Mary & Tito's in #ABQ best #NewMexico restaurant. Never even heard of it. Thoughts?
thank you! :)
I havent even looked at it yet!!! I will in few hours. Lol
Becausei know Spanish:D
oh yeah...so will my cousin. Haha. Will you be there all day?
Glad to hear! RT : I loved my University of Cincinnati #UCTour thanks to for making it better! Probably going to commit soon!
I expect a full report.
5:00 today | Nau 101 Youngmin Kim on Language, Literature, and Culture of Korean Subjectivity
Such a strong truth.
RT : Happy 4-20!!!!! Puff puff pass.....to left.....don't f__k up the rotation > keep it going
Hey!! Good to hear from you!!
LOVE IT LOLL
BOYFRIEND is AMAZING!! #Swagg ...you make us #Belieber 's PROUD :) RT please!
why do I bother anymore?
Thank you Rob and Continental airlines - one of the most pleasant flying experiences in recent memory! (Flight 2825). Keep up the good work
Did I just hear after the Clash at Chipotle?!
yeah... To White House (Sumner Co. Side)
why dont you tweet to the world what I said(;
so what we get #drunk?
The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.Chinese Proverb
GPOY RT My life is about 80% waiting until it's time to eat food
RT : Surging crimes rattle Denver's East Colfax neighborhood: Crime scene investigators survey the scene where Denver......
do it!
- Great to connect via Twitter. I'm staring at your logo...and...well...while I like the line-drawing style...I give up.
#shoutouts back to ya
Wis. elections board to purchase software to analyze signatures on Gov. Scott Walker recall petitions.
no hoops today... Hope your ankle is healing for next Sunday :-)
Sorry about that! Originally we were going to be closed Tue eve, when we had booked this party.
RT : #YouMightBeAnAutismParentIf ur heart hurts bc not only does he have 2 overcome more He has 2 learn ppl will treat him badly
Megan is missing freakiest movie ever
'Clarissa my Lovings' lol fucking Johnny. He needs a twitter too, right ?
PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY
Best night ever!
Happy Mother's Day !!! :D <3
3 different bachelor parties in vegas this summer. Time to get in touch with my friends at !
Craigslist is not what it used to be.
Everybody follow my boy Then youtube Swole ENT. My boy is the real deal. Plus he
RT : Wisconsin elections board orders historic recall election against Republican Governor Scott Walker -
Black girl in the hallway: "I want sum cheese" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
RT I always get noodle legs for an hour when I exercise before work :<
Thanks for the follow!
no power outage in Hawaii, but my staff is freaking out. Been on the phone, trying to figure it all out. Seems like mass chaos!
Shouldn't be awake this early.......
#Champagne #LouisRoederer had a record year of sales in 2011, sales hit 3.7 million bottles last year - a new record. Via Drinks Business
...chicken never fails.
It's Spursday! Spurs Jazz Game 1 at noon on ESPN.
DON'T FORGET MUSIC TONIGHT WITH GERRY KEATING AND NEIL KAMMILLER!
Plz dnt make me go in here
Yo yo- gearing up for a wedding weekend for my cuz- been swamped- what's new bro?
Sox pitchers strike out last six batters to seal 4-3 victory. Stop the playoff ticket presses in Tampa & players don't cancel fishing plans.
Agreed ---->>“: Brats make the world go round. #bratproverbs”
Come in and try our new cupcakes from !
Is language "real"?
what are you doing this Sat?
Happy Presidents' Day! Stop by on your day off and get your butterfly fix. Feels like Spring in the haven!
#TEDxUofW impressive event by UDUBbers. Pleased 2 b here. Knowledge is power.
Don't have any wheels and my roomies car is in the shop. Where in NJ?
I saw this sign that said " safety day" shouldn't every day be safety day?
Wow...I think my Superbowl cooking marathon is over with. Pooped.
Hi I'm Madison I hit puberty at age 11
i want a followback from .
So glad that your coming. Make N. Side of Chicago proud RT : Hey David! I'll see you at I
So here's a huge waste of resources, the #Census just sent me a letter to let me know they are going to send me a letter next week.
MCDONALDS IS A GOOD IDEA RITE NOW ......^_^
Pizza Hut pasta is indescribable
Tues 11AM The Other Side Radio w/ on 1480 w/ Jeff Anderson Wash Times & Politricks w/ RT
hahaha lemme go check mine :b
follow back? :)
#ILoveHow can fart on command.
that made me 'lol'
So pissed Colton left american idol. omg he was So finee!
true it does
Such a beautiful evening.
That's good to ignore but at the sametimme you gotta snap at a motherfucker sometime RT.
Carolina and the Lakers won hell yea!!!!!!!
Ready to go home ..
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Rebuilding our infrastructure WILL create jobs. 27 GOP "jobs" bills, which are just corporate tax cuts, are proven failures.
Congrats to both men's and women's basketball teams on their first round win yesterday. 1 down 2 to go. Go Aztecs!!!
Well I'm sure you'll be a gold medal spectator! :) I wish I could have spectated but too many bike races today!
keep spittin the truth. we hearing it... www.thekeyplayerz.com
- thanks for your support!!!
Love your bio! We agree 100%. But maybe you can add our new KB workout generator app to the list when it comes out :)
Thanks for the bday wishes!
Love the examples you shared at AdAge event. We've been waiting for Facebook Credits to take off!
Saw Dragon Tattoo... great movie! Stayed very close to the book. Highly recommend for those who read the book.
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo - Go crazy with me!
Hey enjoy it.. I've been there twice, u have 2 enjoy Hawaii by land, air and sea :)
shut up bro these mines
Hey writing and library tweeps. It's late-ish. Do you know where your mind is? Just asking.
Get your walk on! It's take your dog for a walk Saturday! Ok. Its not...but its good to get movin' so move it!
creativity put into every scene, every detail !!! Amazing
i post it tomorrow aight?
his downfall more to do with body breaking down? That swing, all the torque, too much on back and knees IMHO
So glad! I was a teenager in St. Louis, MO envious of the NYC kids who got to do such things. Say hi after the talk!
#waystomakedustingosamad spill choclatemilk in his room when you scare him
I can't listen to Katy Perry's ET without getting a visual of 's skydive vid
Hotels are filling up for in August in Kansas City - will you be there?
As long as you say the same in sorrow..
I CANT WAIT FOR NEXT WEEKEND!! OMGOMGOMG!! Eroica playing and a whole week (possibly) of staying in Columbus. I hope so!!
I hate that my mom won't let me get a car until I turn 17 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. ~ Buddha
I Saw Colton!
I agree - but Neal thinks it would be a great idea too!! He's been saying that all along.
are you going to be at any of the american idol concerts this summer? i want to meet you!(:
I would love to go to sleep now and get a good nights sleep, but ghost hunters live only comes around once a year!
But at least you can catch up with a Top Chef marathon.
The soups, sandwiches and salads are prepared fresh daily in each Firehook Bakery & Coffee House neighborhood store.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>I have work
Punchlines. The cow couldn't stomach it.
Bitch you are 16...the fuck are u messing with a 26 year old man for. COT DAMN your a crusty whore
#Sunderland & #Norwich boringhell crap #MNF on
Mom is reading on her Nook Color, Casey is on the Touchpad, I am on the Kindle Fire and Cody is doing his homework. Poor Cody.
yes:) yeah we know! what part of stl?
Thanks for the endorsement! Love your twitter feed too. Happy Friday!
yes you were....so was a very cute little guy.
I don't know too much about being cool, but now I know what it looks like!
you notice how has not acknowledged any of these things you are saying lol
Just as much as I believe there is a Good. There is a evil! Real talk. choose carefully!
As a #leader, do u possess the ability 2 recognize the #potential in #others? #leadership #nonprofit Each individual has something 2 offer!
Dear , it would be my dream for u to follow me!!!! :) ily
Where is she
haha already talked to her about that! ;)
Working on Debut Night Charts!!! Feb. 11th at La Mirage Night Club 9p.m.
Aww! Feel better! :]
yw gotta follow fellow #Steelers fans!
you are amazing <3 just to let you know that :)
I'm taking my rook out fuck this it's too painfull it makes my ear feel like someone's stabbing it !
Its so sad to see inmates at the hospital I know they just be wishing to RUN FOR IT.
Volunteers Wanted! Apply now for 2012-13.
Q1, Not had to hire anyone in my current role, but would normally email them a welcome and offer any assistance.
People in Hudson are instigators i swear
The gambling known as business looks with severe disfavor on the business known as gambling. - Bierce, Ambrose
NP, man. I just get tired of these douche bags thinking its ok to play the "hillbilly" jokes. Obvious what he meant by that.
Happy New Year Everyone!
Has anyone ever sent an entire bullpen to A before?
thanks Josh!
I really wanted to believe you were making this us :/ The zombies might as well come now....we are embarrassing ourselves.
Some pictures are not meant to be instagramed. just saying haha.
ask maybe he can get you some lol
The weekly LOVIEE will be delayed this week, possibly not posted at all. Details pending
“: She goes strolling through the room like Peter Lorre contemplating a crime.” The Year of the Cat.
I'll have them out there hard core Tuesday!
lol sorry I just now a few songs like 1 album and a half
it's just their luck Suppan would come back and get them.
awe hey boo and I love u too! It's always good to see u :)
My favorite summer beauty find is Dermalogica's Waterblock Solar Spray SPF 30. It's lightweight, not sticky. Luv this stuff!
just want to say goodnight before u sleep and sweet dreams =]
Now i am left with a One single vision that fills all minds who share my passion.
week accomplished
Prayers going out into the Gila backcountry.
The text u don't want to get...."there is a huge dead something in the yard"
At McDonalds - Mom: "Oh hi, um, can I get a crappe?" Me: "No mom, its frappe!"
Ah yes- Centex Hmes did the right thing-my borrower get's same deal as "preferred lender" deal (grin). Onward/Upward:) cc:
Did anyone see the first Ghost Rider movie? Why did they make a sequel?
The new Halo 4 info all sounds awesome. Hopefully the king shall retake its spot as the number 1 shooter this fall.
Street cred for days. Next thing you know I'll be going to Tito's all by myself.
RT : Used Book & Media Sale - Greendale Public Library, today until 3pm. Starts at 9am or pay $5 to come early.
I go through old posts.
Last winter, was at during the snowpocalypse. Went from light snow to "where did all the cars go?"
Happy Friday to you too skank,
The lecture will include a discussion of the history of kitchen tools in America from the early 19th c. to the present
do you follow xkcd? Brilliant take on cadbury eggs.
Is 'fat' really the worst thing a human being can be? Is 'fat' worse than 'vindictive', 'jealous', 'shallow', 'vain', or 'cruel'? Not to me.
Bill hader laughs in all his skits on snl
Baseball players >>>>>>
"Trashy Monday"! I'll tell u why at 7:45am on SD6
We were talking about #Ghostwriter a few weeks ago. I think someone I work w/ knows one of the actors!
Do you know what an #Ironman Champion does after breaking course record? Golf of course! Crowie spotted at #Kona Country Club.
honestly? i would enjoy slapping you right now
Stop sending me ur damn texts
My bestfriend is in the ER!!!! D;
We could trade places for a day, see how it goes...
LET ME B BEYOND ARMS
thanks! i feel like it gets better the old i get, so i believe you! i'll be celebrating tomorrow night, you should come!
Miss my her :(
im definitely dreading school tomorrow. :| 3 more weeks. i can do it. but every day 3 weeks seems farther & farther away. -.-
Whoever invented the snooze button, I want to shake your hand…in about 10 minutes.
likemind Chicago this Friday at new place - Argo Team at corner of Dearborn and Adams
What's the point of having an online trading account if you won't accept an online order? You cost me over $1,000 today.
yup ne time. maybe we can do sum work real soon. im also a producer.if u use FL i do collabs alot.
I hope you didn't tip.
dumb right? lol!
Great to see CIOs excited about the changing IT climate!
TEACHER: "It's better to fail than to cheat!" ME: "LOL no, it's better to cheat than to repeat."
Getting a receipt these days is getting to be challenging...
yes stomach pains suck I had to go to the dr 2 days ago cause of it not cool
If you rape a hooker, is it RAPE or SHOPLIFTING?
The dread of death follows from the dread of life. A person who lives completely is prepared to die at any time.
I don't want to go to a barber or weavologist.
haha yay!! How's work and the band going?
W+K's bleachers make this look like the nerdiest pep rally ever.
Avoid the person that ends all of their stories with "And theeeenn i took a Xanex." followed by a dark nervous giggle
Cuz I'm reading it right now, and it's taking time. Probably because of all the words.
Our rectangular round table discussion this afternoon was the best ever. What a stimulating conversation! Great questions; amazing replies.
America west arena, Pheonix?
Wahhh, I have nothing to do.
yes, is mediocre, "we're getting there" is #unambitiousslogan, but Tampa et al. are MUCH worse.
2night! If you're in Austin for & want to come to our event tomorrow @ 8pm w/ @ us & RSVP it's free!
I watched but wasn't impressed... #spriteslam. Blake jumps over a car and Evans jumps over a midget...lol
“: Don't forget about Chris Rock! #teamnatural he's one of yall's lol” True true ;)
Totally agree; it happens with Yellowstone bears, captive apes, etc. etc., and I do not like.
So cold at Wrigley that even wanted to leave.
Heart to heart with love of my life, and the maker of the universe. #iliveforthesemoments <3
Hi maybe what u thinkin?
Its looking really bad downtown. Plz let me make it 2 my car before it starts raining
IM SO SICK OF BEING ALIVE.....
Would somebody like to make me dinner tonight?
Does anyone else hear all these helicopters are weaving through the high-rises in #DowntownChicago?
That she would, if she could talk. Ha.
didn't see anything on last shift. Equipment issue?
Beats being burned in real life, I would imagine
I unknowingly predicted the future tonight.
“: I can't trust these bitches..” me either
If you a wild asz Nigga then IAm the wildest..
It was often to meet with you today! Let's definitely chat again.
And liars who don't seem to know there full of sh$t, I really can't stand
How bout The Cabin in the Woods, Apr 13? Looks good.
IJEVER LOVES AUSTIN
HAPPY NEW YEAR everyone! Astonish Magazine featuring some of photos is coming out this month! Be sure to get your copy.
So far, I caught a woman falling down the stairs, and another woman literally shoved me out of the way to get on the train. #Rain's awesome.
I don't deserve to be here. .
Shut your mouth.. I came back for the muzik!
It was lame Suffokate didn't get to play due to fights.. Hope this won't be a trend again in the Vegas scene.
Finished another session with the therapist. Trying to become the person I want to be is not easy.
"Networking is being who you are. Be friendly, be nice, & people will want to help you," says
so i put my ipod on shuffle and 7/10 of the first songs it plays are what does that tell u?
What's up Twitter?
I AIN'T GONE LIE MAN IM 50 TYSON!!! NUHUH! I AIN'T GONE LIE MAN IM 50 TYSON!!! NUHUh
Dying laughing with the bestfriend over these messages. <3
It'd be great if #WI sports teams could just go ahead and NOT suck during the postseason.
“: Team Breezy! The official album date for FORTUNE is July 3,2012!!!!!!!!!!!!”. Is this a late April fool's joke??????
IDK I know Im a mamas boy and I love it. Ill admit that to anyone. The most important woman in my life and will always be.
Not at all! We thought it was nice at first. Please email so we can address your issue
On my way to the wifey house....
You dress so fucking CUTE!
it is not showing up. either not processed yet, or there is something wrong. may want to resend/drop off again.
Raise His Pants, Raise His Image; witnessed student select & wear new belt w/new-found confidence. What a difference a belt makes!
He does he is amazing I love my bestfriend !!<3<3
It's a smooth, cold, yummy iced-coffee kind of day! Enjoy the day everyone!
I love reading a nice book before I sleep but I'm way too sick right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA> wish I wasn't so I could finish this book and go to the third
If we serve enough gelato, maybe the sun will join us?
At universal studios :)
I just want to say, FUCK THE PACKERS AND THEIR GOD DAMN SUPERBOWL SHIT!! that is all. GO BEARS 4 LIFE BITCHES!!
Because in the end you always have to say goodbye.
Doesn't even seem like we're Friends anymore..
I think the idea behind "rushed" is that the site isn't functional and will ultimately lead to driving away users.
yeah yeah woo woo! she's in the office now =)
well usually that would be her haha but not this time. Heath is an awful driver tho!
Today's national kiss day? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
That's right my Cuzco!! ": BONIFACIO! #1 #marlins! Go fish ! <U+E404>"
What is your conversion rate? Let us send you some information.
Hahaha • RT: Dear #supermoon That's all you had? Really?!? Lame. Love, Krypton
Much of what has been written about decoding the Maya glyphs is pure speculation. We will illustrate how to avoid this & learn their code.
Scripting an overview intro video for a local boutique animal wellness center before heading off to meet with a public speaker/ trainer
if anyone's going to be downtown on Saturday & wants to meet up, it won't be hard to spot me because i'll be about 10ft tall.
Lets GO HOGS!!! Go Hard 4 CHRIST!
Hanging out with , , and :)
RT : #Engagement: Never forget about the small things because they often lead to BIG things! { great stories & loyal consumers }
Definitely my kid, just sprinkled Parmesan on our fries. Good job, son.
Fun fact: Before I was a diehard Texas Rangers fan, I was a HUGE Chicago Cubs fan. But the 2003 NLCS was too much for me to handle. Haha
that's the best u can do? Smh disappointed Wolf
My dads going to the ranger game tonight ... & im babysitting
Done with the gym now going to class than getting something to eat than more gym!
I would have to do ACT prep on the only day of break that the weather is actually nice
given the venue, topic, it's pretty tough. some question omissions, but she makes him answer those asked.
Good Job Lady Cadets!!
it is absolutely amazing
freaky girls >>>>>
For the love of god I CANNOT keep watching that last play, CBS & TBS!!
Why do you make me so happy?
Impromptu game night. yeah!
#thingsthatpissmeoffingeneral when im loosing internet connection (wifi) and my message didnt send.
Just created 2nd Twitter site, , primarily for political stuff, so I don't burden my writing/editing & other followers w/ it.
Looks like it's def time to get that #college promo poppin!!
it's funny how some people never change
Thanks to all of you who attended last Thursday's VABook/ETM panel with U.Va. faculty! Podcast coming soon!
Great...my texting screen wont turn back to portrait anymore for some reason.
thanks for the mention. R u a Obama Fan to ?
feels very weird to be making dinner reservations that will include my son
thanks for following me
okay thanks! Everything else is working besides the calls so hopefully they'll believe me. Lol
Yesterday I was driving down Melrose & I saw the tree and remembered the burritos. We need to get together soon.
message me and i'll tel you
Looks a lot like Chungs's Animatrix work, I dig it.
cause I haven't finished it -_- :(
Eugene is a hotbed for social awareness. Check out the food co-op while you're in town
I.e. write a book, record CD, develop teachings. Prepare 4 opportunity before it arrives. God gives opportunity to preparation!
its like there secretly escaping? But era body knows they just got there holes ruined lol
RT : is pumped to be back in Chi-town!! youtube.com/watch?v=rgF8jT…
I'm sorry I didn't have my iPhone 5.
Sitting around by myself eating popcorn and watching Phineas And Ferb the movie...
To make a pick in either position, OL: Cordy Glenn WR: Stephen Hill. Lets get a Stephen/Stephon thing going
I hate myself so much for me just now getting into The Black Keys.
Cause he sorry
I wonder if I should call you But then again you never call me...........
cocktail + cookie exchange preparations
Awesome! Can't wait to check it out! Thank you!
Gotta love a warm summer night. In March. In Chicago.
But we both CLEARLY agree that it's best not to think too much about the plot, Loki's motivations, etc.
Check out Back to Last Night's Facebook Page
I love having someone who will listen to what i have to say
I have to pee so bad,but the teacher wont shut up.
#thatcamp is ferpa really a problem or just a boogeyman?
that sounds like the best thing ever!
These aren't the droids you're looking for...
Songs are getting mastered over the next few days. We're so excited about this release. Anyone else excited? Do we have friends on twitter?
Wow, two bombs by puts the Broncos in the lead!
Cafe Flamenco at the Verdi Club "Solo Caminos" san francisco With Felix de Lola al cante, Jason McGuire "El Rubio," Yaelisa, Fanny Ara a...
A perfect roasted marshmallow and a quarterly award glow. Good times.
C: E, you want me to give you a hint? Ok, You take "Mar" & Bulls" and put them together.
My girl need to call me
Just wanted to tell you I love you and thank you for being you
Philip ArmourTo do great things is difficult; but to command great things is more difficult
Thanks for tweeting about a Mellen Press title. It would please us also if you liked us on Facebook (Mellen-Press) Arthur Scholar.
Cleaner walked in just as I was about to go on-air. Sonofa...
I got to say I love your tweets stelena all the way!!!!
I really wish I lived in New Jersey. This way I wouldn’t have to deal with cocky New York fans everyday.
Yes, and it all went by so quickly!
I k ow, even when you have headphones in, music blasting, they still think you want to talk. Ugh
Please, A simple Hello. Make my day, and reply. Even though you already made my day because your probably creeping this. (:
haha well come cuz im still shaking :$ x
Got movies and CDs for sale
With about two hours of sleep I have to get up to go to church.
shout out to my girl she a fool wit it #follow her
o yea mos def! I can give u passes & we can do a list in ur name
is right! Follow me it would make my terrible day soo much better!
Sexual healing can come on anywhere and I will immediately start singing
hopefully bennett makes his wa to lexington now.....that will ensure cauley plenty of playing time......not
Looking at monk on Netflix and going to play spawn later
it was... That trailer is literally an anti-choice flyer turned into film. Not what I paid my 10 dollars to see.
My 4yo son graduated from preschool today. I was recording the event when he yelled "Dad, put your phone down and clap for me!".
RT : This makes a weekend since I've been to the ballpark. Nice to have a little break. But I'm ready to get back to it. ...
Aye man aires month y'all Betta watch out Stoney crook records repa
I'm still on a high from today's victory. Probably going to carry me through the weekend
Jeff Carter hat trick. I can't stop laughing. This is how you get a team back for stupidity.
Between Robinson and Bennett?
Never mind, I don't wanna ask.
Directioners Love One Direction Moms , we love those fine ladies <3
"I think it's time for me to get a birkin"
Thanks, Cara! I had such great company in my category....
Hey Twitter . -*
Anyone have a cooler I could borrow? Maybe there's a place in the city that rents them? :)
Miss you xoxoxo
Famous. Last. Words.
I got bitches on
MT : Tchr leaders in IA embrace collaboration on Charlotte Danielson rubric in post-obs conferences. Having fun learning together!
this was so far the greatest part of my day. thanks for that :-)
Wednesday nights are always special at Taproom No.307
Pathetic decision by the ref to call the lane violation against ND to end the game. Way to destroy a season on an idiotic call. Senseless.
Failure is only a Failure when u make the same mistake twice
happy happy birthday to !<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
So sorry about the chips.
?'s of the day.If you could spend 15 minutes 1 on 1 with any living person who would it be? Same with any dead person(that you never met)?
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.
I'm not going to school after they put in grades . I'm out that bitch .
Time to pick up the chant: Beat L.A.! The Blazers host the Lakers tonight. TV on TNT. 7:30 tip-off.
RT : i hate valentines day.
We'll update you with game times for Saturday as soon as we know the broadcast schedule!
I dont know how to do this! Katie..send me a how to guide! LOL I love
Like the ws. Good idea for author promo. Thanks for the follow. I'll be in touch.
#Blazers now 28-34. Will have losing record this season. 4 games left.
when u droping some new shit?
I can see that, thanks for reading!
LKG is deep
Its supposed to storm later.....better go to the store now.
oh no she didn't! That's how Ivy is telling Karen?!
-The toy has lots of developmental play value -A toy that engages your child's interest beyond a few minutes– they will play with it longer
No Cutch again tonight
I want this shit forever man
TONIGHT - DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Play the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music at ABQ's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!!!
Learning choreography is hard work !
The difficulty with married life is that we fall in love with a personality, but must live with a character.
absolutely! Thank u! Definitely on the wine
Well......no dispute on the least favorite.
Congrats, guys! What a feat!
My 19th birthday is 3 weeks from today
RT : Saw some great talks at #barcamptampa that would make GREAT Ignite speeches (condensed to 5 min. of course)
Free San Diego fun tonight with the Cat-illacs at Balboa Park's Organ Pavilion stage 6:15pm. Classic rock 'n' roll from the 50s, 60s & 70s.
Several speakers from Monticello High School are speaking out in favor of the #westernbypass at
“: Did you used to live in Jersey?!(=” yeah
Headed home for the night and chill, with a bowl of chili on this cold chilly night in Austin!
“To love oneself is the beginning of a life-long romance” -Oscar Wilde Happy Valentine's Day <3
Thanks for the kind words. More to come!
Very cool conversation with Dr. Kahan at Urban Studies within about the creative work being done by students.
YES ! I got traumatized.. The nastiest thing ever ..
whispers (I'm the jinx. I watch they lose.)
Waiting for Jiro Dreams of Sushi to start at
Watching the ppl watch #twittamentary is like watching a mirror its US
We're just gonna be acoustic for now, as it's only me and Katie in the band :) ~Dally
April 16th Pikes Peak Earth Event Doherty HighSchool 10-3 Free admission April 22nd Earth Day Live Radio Remote and $5.00 per Service
where are you
lol I mean I had one when I was a BABY but as of now.. nawwww
Just saw an 11 or 12 year old smoking weed. Smh
oh dear.
Just got shopping out of my system!
Looking forward to the patio @ Renos in Prestonsburg tonight with all my EKY folks. Show starts @ 730. Come hang out w/ us!-BH
i never got my pictures!!!
Where the fuck is Djibouti? Has this firestorm of popular Islamic protest been staged specifically to provide a geography lesson?
im lesbian
Follow Me Please!? 36
TOTALLY TAKING OVER TWITTER INSTEAD OF DOING WORK IN CLASS LOLOLOL
at least I wasn't purchased. Worst latino ever!
Thanks David. Same to you! I work with a Twins fan and a Reds fan. The Reds fan has no idea what he's in for!
naw not yet
Currently listening to "Little Red Corvette" I fuckin love Price.
that you sis. Love ya!
Shoutout to for being a strong homie I dont know what id do if my mom was on crack thats real homie.
Whwn is the last time four inches of snow crippled our city
"Attachment is the very opposite of love. Love says, 'I want you to be happy.' Attachment says, 'I want you to make me happy.'" J.T. Palmo
Gameday is live from the Big House tmrw at 10 am.....night game...throwbacks...its on!
Thanks. I've been looking for a practical difference betwixt them. Need to do my own comparison, but that is very helpful.
changing my Twitter name so if you see a random person pop up on your screen, it's me. remeber my picture. :)
Hello, world. I'm clearly a web design idiot. WordPress is supposed to be easy. Only I'm having nothing but trouble.
Got played at work today... I WORKED ONLY TWO HOURS!!! -.-
RT : #TexasTea did me dirty Saturday night in Austin!
Kovalev has an impressive left jab
LOL Thank you for noticing! Yes! It's a busy time! :): Wow, you've been busy!
need address 2 send shirt...REAL BUSINESS REAL PEOPLE REAL VIBES...
Doesn't that mean "time?"....
does EVERY record need to be a dance remix?
In front of the mercedes dealership.
These 3 am stars got me to crawl back. I should have never left
Reports of potential tornado moving into Orange County.
After a long and hard deliberation i have come to the conclusion that Ray Rice is the best player in the NFL.
I am so excited about this NEW venture... remember #TWEEPS network,network, and network some more!
No offense #SDUSD, but this board meeting's not *quite* as exciting as
Wanna learn more about our org? Stop by our info table tomorrow during lunch from 11-1!
Nobody knows -.-
Finally, a chance to relax. Then, back to the grind tomorrow. Maybe I'll put together some red beans and rice this evening. :)
You seem to be a college football fan, just like us!
To all writing teacher tweeps, any advice for guiding a bunch of potty-obsessed 10 yr. olds into writing about something other than poop?
step up your game and you could be bud your not gonna find her unless you try those are words to live by
FREE !! HE'S #INNOCENT & NEVER BELONGED IN PRISON!! SHAME ON YOU #NH FOR KEEPING A #WRONGLYCONVICTED MAN!! FREE !!!
Thanks for visiting us today!
You're afraid to tell people how you feel because it will destroy them, so you bury it deep inside yourself where it destroys you.
When is yall's last day
If you are questioning value of your librarian issue isn't the POSITION rather person you currently have in that position. from
it might be time to design mini Sriracha bottles for our guitar cases, shirt pockets, and iPhone cases.
Spurs now have home court throughout the playoffs
I just booked my flight to Palm Springs in Feb for TEDActive. Here's to the best husband in the world!
the girl with the vagina tatoo
Got up early to get kiddo to dentist. Hate that we had to get mcD's for brekkie, but tonight we make healthy dinner.
that is ugly as hell
Slow-motion makes everything look important.
Ha those picks are the bomb
Collins Not Buying Tiger's Reasoning - ESPN
All I ever have is croutons and water.
Online shopping.... You know.... For the announcement that'll happen in Feb!
Thanks for the Mentions!
(sigh) that felt good
If you think that music industry is honest and fair to the artist then....
Ready to hit the buffet !! Im having all my favs. Cause 2morrow its back to melba toast and Tab.
All alone at the pool. Im so bored lol
don't worry about the time... Worry about what your going to do once it does..
well don't get me wrong, I love RKelly.
Any of my followers in south beach tonight?
thanks for the RT. Very much appreciated!
sigh... I'm gonna miss you :(
I take whiskey in my coffee... psst ;)
you really must love the beat kitchen
Give their account some love too :-)
Continued testing dialing outbound from within #Act! using today. Working very nicely on Windows.
it is amazing how the mentor that we honor is that the one that we bless. ! (:
I am shocked -- SHOCKED -- that Austin Thornton is not shutting down Duke's top scorer.
heh..."electric douche carnival". sounds 'bout right.
that's great bc I love canteloupes
Been watching all morning!
who cares...its all gonna end in December.
I handed in the first draft of my first-year research article, so I'm returning from my month-long twitter sabbatical. What did I miss?
If you don't know about Skim, you need to find out about Skim. Makes annotating PDFs 1000x easier.
It only took me a few minutes to decorate!!!
RT Trying to sleep in the same room as a snoring davo and stamper who refuses to turn off house music
I am so stressed out!! Today is the most stressful day ever. Thank god in 7 hours it'll be over!
Congrats!! Well played boys! RT : Winning feels so good! Huge win! Great goal from !!!!
I wonder if my supervisor will let me go home early tonight.
Making tracks to Portland after another great night in Saratoga.
The Celtics-Sixers game is pure, 1999-level entertainment.
she was pouring her heart out in that note
Tired but happy #NYS delegation heading home after two days of advocating at Hum on the Hill! Let's hope the NEH gets the funds it deserves
why do I even come home from school on the weekends???
damn right.
Sick look
Awesome. When gets back I'll tell her abou the invites. :-)
Deal seekers and business owners: Follow and to find deals and make yours better!
Plus!! The website really will be going up this weekend & I'll be sure to tweet you guys a reminder!
Countney and Ben only have themselves to blame for the poor reception they received on the Bachelor. Lindsey was lucky not to be chosen!
Leonard DiCaprio is so freaking beautiful...point blank.
Yay, today I'm going to bed earlier then 5!
How to Get More Clients- NOW! www.publicrelationsla.wordpress.com
I love this music sh**
No matter how sophisticated our machines become, change is a triumph of humanity not technology -
NP... Thanks for catching it... You have a great weekend as well!
Kellie, take some pics next time. Would love to see them. Thanks.
FLP is free to join!
Gonna go wild at the Oregon Zoo Brew. An amazing fundraising event to benefit education and conservation programs
Memories take us back,Dreams take us forward
#BandsILove the smiths
You know me so well, my dear friend.
Good Morning & Happy Friday, Can you PLEASE check your email, Voicemail , Mailbox PLEASE Thanks
I'll Hit You In The AM Big Dawg.
-- can we be friends! You are funny as hell!
So far, Grimrock looks like just the game I was hoping for!
If you love movies and you're not following you should start. Right now.
Production workshop at Universal made me really tired... but gotta be ready for more tomorrow.
Bottom line..Think u really got to get out of gate n these quickr structres-avoid beats, etc. That way u hve stck when u get to goofy stages
u a perv looking a minor smh u probably going to wait to that lil boy turn 18 to holla @ him shame on u lol
"The harder you work, the luckier you get." ~ of at tonight's ny founder friday
Contemplating which is more tolerable: Sitting through a Coldplay performance or getting kicked on the nuts.
Very sad to always miss these Ballpark Bistro Thursdays in Bristol. Might have to go up for the #Nats themed one later this fall.
Great job Ryan Banyai on booking the Callaway Golf Commercial. #SignatureTeensRock!!!
Good morning to the world, I hope every well enjoy this beautiful day we having and not stress about the littlest things in life.
Show of hands. Who peels the label off their #beer, so you know its yours?
O LORD LEMME CHECK IT OUT! LOL
You dot that too?!?!
If you sponsor a challenger for $10 or more, they send you a copy of the 24hr zine they finish!
excited to chaperone Parkrose dancers off to train at Disneyland. Happiest place on earth!
that sounds like it could be rough at times....
I new it again bro
Major UX design session today with at noisebridge
These links don't tweet themselves. YOU THINK GOOD ARTICLES GROW ON TREES KID?
so muchh!! u should've came!
lol no i dnt...i had this twitter over 1/2 a year and tweeted 200 times lol
pssttt.....We just put it on iTunes, but we also just made the Wasteland Blues EP free on bandcamp: dirtydirtybirds.bandcamp.com
but now that i got my life i got to live money is everything like there no substitution for it either
Hope yer weekend is going well ... is Trevor home now? Hopefully!!!! :) xo
Its National Volunteer Week! Heres a huge THANK YOU to all of our volunteers. U R making a difference & we can't thank you enough
Sitting outside for lunch, had to get some fresh air. Hijole IT'S COLD! I <3 this weather! :-D
If this were on a different website, I would not doubt its truth for a second bc this is what I think every time I land
That ship has sailed...
Just downloaded ttwitter for my #droid. Its on now,
yess les goo!
its a bit chilly here in Florida too!
YEEZY SIGNED 2 CHAINZ? *stabs a fork in my eye**
Business Week and BankSource report that by 2025 India and China will be the economic stalwarts of the world.
Strickland hits the 3 for the #volunteers. 54-51
A blind guess: Maybe you're starting the story in the wrong place.
Yay! On al the 1st timers!!
So "the voices in my head that give me the stories" is out too?
Umii opens offices in New York, London and Manila. Very Exciting !!!!!
you fished? Whoa
I do I do and plz follow me
Loved seeing at
Analytics V5 is on the way asap. Confirmed by a reputable source.
this entire conversation is amazing!!
I am me, I am me, Wutchu know about the team? Aye...
Can u post details of how you were ripped off? Thx.
RT : Anyone can win my heart by taking me to the Los Angeles Discovery Science Center. There's a Star Wars exhibit!!!
Hey Thomas i think my follow button isn't working mind checking it?
Thank you for the follow!
YOU GUYS WERE AMAZING (As usual) !!! sounded incredible and still sexy as eva! still rockin' my world too!
How are you, my friend? Missed you!! =D
fun day with and models! can't wait to see pictures =)
Be careful how you treat people while you're on top! You just might pass them on your way back down...
hahaha lozersss. But legit where do you go?!
I do not feel you have thought that through!
She's killin me! 1st ya tempt me w/ da booty & tutti frutti, then bombard me w/ daily scriptures & verses!?! I need NO help falling down!
will do :)
thank you!
Somebody Please shoot mee!!
I'm sending out an email to everyone tomorrow
“: It's in the picks column. Bears by 5." It's official...Xavier will move on.
RIP Donald Dunn, , bassist for Booker T and the MGs and The Blues Brothers. Great talent.
as Bullicorns are wont to do.
Random trivia related to my previous tweet... anyone know what movie starring Matt Damon was filmed in 15 Washington?
so the kidnapping wasn't necessary :)
but the news media said it was? my world is crushed. #FML. Thanks though
when a good thing goes bad its not the endof the world
omg im tired!!
I just died! LOL You are hilarious! btw noone can take back your gay card hunny! Vogue or no vogue;)
#Nowplaying No Sex by Limp Bizkit
love you too hun :)
Today is school!
No time yet. Just seeing if even would be interested.
To clarify: JCC equals Jewish Community Center, where I apparently now teach improv on Mondays and Spanish on Wednesdays to small humans.
Thanks for the RT!
Been Playing Pool ALL DAY LONG
If you, , were anyone in history, you would be Ned Stark.
SOME ARTIST SAY THEY MAKE MUSIC BUT DONT WANNA SPEND THEY MONEY ON QUALITY STUDIO TIME & VIDEOS THEY RATHER SPEND THEY MONEY ON WEED
Tomorrow is the day! Birdy&#39;s on keystone and 71st street. Hope to see you there for a great night of awesome local music!!
Grizzlies are currently on a 7-0 scoring run
Honored to be invited to be part of The Patricia Adams Lecture Series at Heidenberg Univ in the Fall!
oh lord haha, but you seem so nice haha
Are ya'll sure you want me to do #Imagines ???
#carsonism: you know what's so much worse than getting hit with shards of glass? shrapnel. that's SO annoying.
CONGRATS on your show !:D
Hey there Andrei--thanks for the follow.Look forward to learning more from your world.
This is so weird because I remember watching Austin's ustreams every Friday and now he has a single out and so much more.
Leaders do not seek role models, they are role models.
I love Jesus, but only as a friend.
Girl came up to us, asked, 'Are you in line for the movie, or for Barnes & Noble?' 'The movie.' 'Aw, man, was hoping it was Barnes & Noble'
I saw you driving eariler on central .. come back.
that picture is AWESOME!
sound advice
G'night, All. Remember, if you hate Daylight saving time, then embrace today! This is the real time it's supposed to be. Down w/ FallBack!
This is great! RT : A6: The 3 C's of online to offline: Conferences, Coffee, Cocktails.
it was good to see you! Next year will be 5, so it'll be definitely BETTER!
Man tired of travling
Looking to discuss *ONLINE* outreach to K-12: resources, tools, gaming(?!) - Meet me before or after #RAO Section Meeting or sooner
your welcome!!!!
congratulations on your graduation! You're lookin pretty!
Feels like I might never sleep through the night again.
Stay golden ponyboy. Ps MISS YOU
We make the hipsters fall in love.
apartment rentals w/your own bed >> sharing a twin @ expensive hotels.
Consider it done :)
Quite sad I got removed from AASM because I said Alexa was immature about leaving :(
Watching A Christmas Carol. GOP, I think I've found your presidential candidate. #Scrooge 2012
hi, what's F&G stands for?
Let's network, if you like or shit get at us www.artofevilgeniuses.com
Good news! : The team that kept us from our potential Super Bowl in 08 is back on OUR turf now.Trust me,we haven't forgotten!
wow it must be nice being you.
edge on smackdown
The New Normal on NBC looks good.
First up: Sarah Anne Carter (Harvard) on Sheldon Barnes & document study as means of historical learning via personal experience
Fuck pop, rap, and country music! #LongLiveRockNRoll!
What's the most that you've ever taken before?
Up....ready for the world...
Happy Friday Buggs! Who wants cupcakes?!We r in the works 2b apart of a special event June17 in DC! Stay posted 4 details!
Design Tip: Use the entry of your home to make a statement about you. www.cliointeriordesign.com
Lol. Don't push it :P yeahh I'm excited about tomorrow. What timeish?
like Marti... I tried on shorts before.. I don't even know how to react-____-
Theatre discount deals should be for life, not just for Christmas
Some of the shit people tweet is just embarrassing.
Universal Studios
got grapes in my easter basket
cancers are so fucking FAKE smh
Just staying in tonight...
Happy Wednesday folks! Yo Soy Latina was quite the performance last night-- feedback?
I feel I was very well represented by at the awards party. On the dance floor!
Um, can someone please turn the wind down to 'light breeze'. Can't find the controls.
NFL Draft tonight...thinking Mark Barron sneaks into the top 10 somehow... any ideas on who will freefall (besides Vontaze)?
lets fucking go
I roll up whenever u call baby I roll up
Crazy Summer by #ColeHart coming next month.
Happy B-Day May Kiki :) & to your fam as well :)
I miss you feaaaa
#iJustLoveItWhen You talk to me, and i know your actually being sincere and listening to what i have to say <3
New York Giants 10, 49ers,14....let's go Eli Manning. go go go
White Glove Health drops IPO bid in SEC filing, citing "unfavorable market conditions."
your really just over reacting about all of this.. not to sound like a bitch or anything but its not that big of a deal just rema
love you lady can I get a follow and #for the youth
...not the most current music selections, but appropriate for today nonetheless
So who thinks the Thunder deserved that win?
A-freaking-men!
I just added Like buttons for her on each one. Go Like away :)
Early to #nelig. Always afraid of getting lost going to tufts
Good morning to fellow #ECOWARRIOR !!! How are you?
I sure did send him! :)
Let the training begin! 12 weeks to FL.
Any of you saying that elbow isn't intentional better remember it's not 4/20 anymore. Ron Ron is back.
RT : Good morning World! Meeting with the NBA and Owners today in NYC.
Dope! Your lost!
RT Bengals r 1st team in NFL playoff history 2 play 4 consecutive playoff games, score first in each and lose each of the 4 games.
RT : Lou Holtz "everyone in organization must understand they are an important piece of the puzzle- that's how you...win"
I hope it does, too! That's the worst!! :( Sending warm thoughts your way.
Listen to the Land of Oz with DJ Kansas
Q: How does ones gay marriage affect my "traditional" one? A: Its no longer your exclusive privilege
Morning Chicago! How was your weekend? Any good stories, we'd love to hear?! ;)
There's another Bob Sawyer somewhere in England that gives everyone my Gmail address. I get work msgs, travel itineraries...
very cool. How would you rate the exhibit? It's on my to-do list.
Actually a white girl with a Phat ass is a gift from God
You deserve only but the finest !
I just wanna pass the fuck out.
Wow, sounds very cool. Good luck! And yes, by all means--love to connect with the choir! Companion pieces would be brilliant!
that sucks! I know the feeling... the soreness... Not the ten miles :-)
LOL I just saw what Lawrie did and I also saw the ump get hit with a beer! LMFAO
Terrible call, but what else is new?
Burgermeister Meisterburger! Favorite #Christmas movie: Santa Claus is Comin' to Town.
After 2 more goals yesterday, the only people ahead of on the EPL's scoring list are Van Persie, Rooney, Aguero and Ba.
how is doing this season. Hey follow our card store in helena, mt home of the helena brewers
I already followed u and I'm fine how r u?
Very cool!
Happy Monday! On Spring Break? Have some free time? Stop by. Shopping, food, fun and friends.. all at the Cultural Center! www.theculturalce
that's true, too bad they're being used for "official" business.
T.G.I.F, have a great weekend, the fun starts tonight when i touch down at LAX, lot to do in hollywood this wekend, sign contracts lets rock
I hate bad breath with a passion.
I thought we were best best friends. Guess not.
The new automated voice on the Metro is kind of creepy
omg look how small he is askdfnaslkfd kayoooot
tell to such it up take vitamins and play cod!!! tonight. Lol
#ThingsIdRatherDoThanListenToBieber Die If Possible ?
Next week! New season of the Can't wait!
#LTBroadcasts "Albert Fall, [responsible for the Tea Pot Dome Scandal],received a $100,000 fine and was sentenced to a year in jail"(4/1931)
Returning to Twitterverse / budding leaves in spring / breathing sunlight and spirit
I haven't even fully completed my paper....
I just wanted say thanks for years of laughs on the Don & Mike show, glad you are enjoying "retirement"
don't talk to me nor text me. nigga ur CUT OFF. i hate niggas that play games.
ah you're right. Looking at the stats JJ has lower ERA and WHIP but Rodney has 2 wins but JJ has one more save. It's a toss up.
Loved seeing u @ lunch! Can't do tonight
they say the truth comes out when you're angry =/
yes sir! Ill come sit at the bar soon
you're a popular guy!
I REALLY NEED TO WASH MY DOG.
Because white penis straws are rap around with cheese.. uilll.. Thats a white penis straw for you
Any relationship without communication is expected to fade.
Not to mention two soccer games and a school concert, departmental budgets due, & outside reader on a dissertation. Think I'll go to sleep.
dont leave me high, dont leave me dry
The equipment center can suck my dick, I didn't lose a screw on the tripod there never was one bitches
Perfect! RT : That's why it's "Imaginary Chipotle" right now. I stole the idea from ;)
Why do you build me up
follow ya boy j
Already in the bonus
Homemade black bean enchiladas & fiesta rice FTMotherEffingW.
Im ready for you, #spammers will die!! #blocked!
Youd think i won the lotto or some shit
#ff and read his inspiring story "Footsteps After The Fall." Amazing book. www.giggleyoga.com
It seems like the winter months just drag on until Spring. At least we have the winter olympics to look forward to beginning on Friday.
Really Really can't wait for the playoff's to start. Steelers and New York fall in the first round and maybe a Lions surprise!
this is gonna be a long day
Michael Bay directing the NEW NINJA TURTLES MOVIE LMAO...I CAN'T WAIT
Fighting to stay up & it's only 10:30. The old me is back & I've finally broke that awful sleeping schedule I had at Kent. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
again semantics SVP go Cavaliers!!
My phone can pissoff.
We're very excited to have here today. Such a fantastic concept! Great to have it in SEA soon!
Hit me up bro! I dont got your number.I got a new phone... hit me up asap! I been tryna reach you all day fammo!!!
- great game!!! Hope that ankle is ok
There are no ordinary moments. There is always something going on.
He be like STFU , i'll be quiet But when he leave i'll e talking again.
Do I contradict myself? Very well then I contradict myself. (I am large, I contain multitudes).--Walt Whitman
All these agencies should respect their devs. Because when they leave they end up working for 5 of your competitors eating up your mrktshare
I pay good money to go to go ballgames so I can watch baseball.
Don't forget to set those clocks back! Extra hour in the sack xo
I'll pass along your service, but we're certainly interested in also finding someone to join the front-end team. =)
Why is every clothing company trying to dress women in pastel and sorbet cropped pants for summer? I already graduated kindergarten.
Second interview here I come :)
That's right, #Actors!! VIP Special of 20% of my TWITTER RATES of 3 looks or more for followers of #ff ! Book soon!
Oh you don't think soccer is a sport? Ahahahahaha.
BUTT going to the beach for chips n that so it doesn't matter!
My grandpa looks soo sick -.-
Ah, tweetdeck doesn't make it obvious. Didn't know you were interested in WP...Want to go on the email list?
no way!!! Saving up for dinner :) splurge on veggies and protein!
A guy driving a purple Blazer just drove past. We both gave eachother weird looks. Never seen one like mine b4. Haha
Aquaponics is a simple, easy to use survival food plan, which can save any family thousands of $ a year at the grocery store.
o daughter your sharing a lot I see...
link to the teaching Chanel ?
being smarter explains it too but the connections from/to divio makes a lot of sense for the purpose. it's really well done!
#couturier please score!! please and thank you :)
"A scream of Martha's is heard through the doorway. Curt shudders violently."- THE FIRST MAN
want a cheese steak after partying hard on the weekend? HUSTLIN' STEAKS IS OPEN TIL 4 AM FRIDAY AND SATURDAY 4617 LA…
Thx! I need 2 learn Spanish 4 a translation exam. :/ RT #languages Relax and have some fun when learning a foreign language...
Its been a long day; Going to sleep in my favorite black tee! Ah, Goodnight tweeps (: FCSJR
Pooch Hotel in Lincoln Park. :) RT : I heard a rumor of a Chicago doggie daycare with a pool...anyone know about this?
Thaks Jon. Always a pleasure.
Let's be clear--Romney's wife has no idea what 99.9% of women in this country go through. Neither does her husband.
Thanks for the connection and your meaningful work!
I'm quite sure they've shown his elbow more publicity than anything I've seen in awhile!
Step it up Mavvssssssss
it matt again im tired
Im about to smash!:-)
it took me all day to understand what 's tweet meant.
Allergies suck! This wind needs to stop! My eyes are all watery and nose is runny. I'm a hot mess right now. Blah!
CICOTELLO as MENTOR: last talk with Jason Chase & Chris Weed TONIGHT @ 7 in campus gallery! Park free in Lot 3
bad idea to buy myself a bag of Dove dark chocolate.
Hurry! We will be closing early on Christmas Eve @ 5:00pm. Hurry into Buddy's to complete all your Holiday Shopping.
who's watching TruTV right now??
doing good...just catching up with folks... :) how's my niece doing!?
baby got back
cabs are pricy and our busses are really unsafe
red mill, I think.
Somebody tweet me. It's nap time at work n I'm so bored
you're #OKState knowledge is impressive. I don't even remember that dude. Hope you're doing well.
Thanks, Andy!
HisStory/Island Def Jam...Nice ring huh? Well Congrats to on landing a Digital Distribution deal with Def Jam!
much Respect
Wait...we're six minutes into this UNC-Kansas game and the officials haven't inserted themselves into the game yet??
Identity fest is coming up ina couple if months. I wont get alcohol poisoning this time. ;)
ard bet then thats the move
It's spam. My account was hacked. Don't click on it.
What the HAIL?!
I was working in Boeing maintenance in Trenton 1985 - 1991 with a trip to the Pursian Gulf to play in Desert Storm.
actually, that describes Jonah Goldberg...": Fun? Lame? Cool?"
You know you're mexican when you go straight to the clearance stuff at a store!
let's move to Florida ;) the entire family!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Who's in Miami tonight?
#That1friendThat you can tell anything too and you know they won't tell a soul or treat you any different.
LoL,, This---->RT : Next up for : providing with a proctology exam.
why thank you Craig!!!
End of Second Period 1-1 Looking good !!!
Great day at the nbm show!
Why do the nice fitting jeans gotta be so expensive :(
Echo's Voice: The Theatres of Sarraute, Duras, Cixous and Renaude by Mary Noonan...later on this year...
“: We've got way too many pointless idioms but at the end of the day it is what it is & it's all good.”| I like me an idiom.
Have fun!
#QuoteoftheDay “If there is no struggle, there is no progress.” -Frederick Douglass
just had. a veggie taco
not bad cuz...
i just love that picture of my eye that i tweeted two days ago, lol, wondering if it would be wierd if i made it my avi.
Eh...too many European libraries are loading their records into OCLC these days. But many may adopt RDA...there's hope!
True Movie Thursday on Lifetime Movie Network! <3 I'm set for the night!
Corks popping on spklng white grape juice in Plains, GA today. Jimmy Carter will no longer be the standard for inept Dem presidents!
yeah he loves me!
Tuesday's turn on Take a listen!!
Being thankful is the best medicine. Doesn't make the clouds go away, but allows the sun to shine a bit brighter.
Seen the new Barneys windows in BH? Highly Flavin-esque display. I say he’s 1 of the most referenced artists of our time. What do u think?
Post your favorite memory of The Chairman of The Board!
Thanks for RT of article. Following you now, feel free to follow back.
I totally just read that was "cocaine companion"
OMG was the 30 Rock live show awesome or what???
yeah that's the one.
T2: Working in health IT I feel linked to people's well being, and that's much cooler than anything else I could imagine.
RT : bro I know true love when I see it lol true love I'm rescue from the dragon true love 1st Kiss
No one would dare judge your dinner. We've all been there! Bon Appetit!
I might try and hit QCon in SF again. And maybe CodeStock and Devlink
Pool hall. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
yeah I know right! I did mine friday night like a nerd. I'm way past stressed.
I think your account has been compromised
i dont think so
I've smoke my last cigarette, atleast 100 times I bet, i guess I'll just keep quittin til it sticks.
TFFL! Make sure to follow he was out shooting the TFFL story from News 14. Good sports tweets!
put 100 points on Hosmer's BA & other percentages are almost acceptable. Of course, if gramma had wheels she'd be a wagon
God bless the pumpkin patch! The little seeds r now blossoming to beautiful palm trees flourishing with tiny Australian ninjas :)
-no, he's bald. Well, he has one strand of hair on the middle of his head. I remember that episode(:
Almost just got electrocuted. At least I'd gain super powers....? -TS
Grandmother passed.</3
Get that popcorn popped, Awards in one hour !!
Happy 2nd Mother's Day my big girl! I love you! ~ Love,.Mommy
Actually, on second thought, I think I'm just going to microwave some burritos.
even we are going nuts about it lately
So Can I.
Oh yum
Sri Lanka hotel guest arrested for having ...beetles? - USA TODAY
have you called your mother!?
I feel you. Seriously, I know how that feels.
been a while since you busted that out!!!!
double cars i dont never drop bikes i dont never rob crib i aint never been fool you aint bett then i move like the president
Lectured at MiraCosta in the morning about upcoming exhibit #DomesticDisobedience Students were hyper-engaged.
What do you consider your greatest achievement? How did you reach it?
I will use my moop
Big show today...Troy Renck, former Av Keith Jones, Mountain West commish Craig Thompson, Broncos RB JJ Arrington, Astros manager Brad Mills
mass text seems about right though.. then she just pick and choose the niggas she wanna hit back?! im one of THOSE niggas?!
Join the KSLX Classic Crew & Coors Banquet at Basha’s on Dysart & Camelback on today from 5 to 6pm. Grab the text code at the Coors...
What a miserable morning.
At the WSC zSkating rink for more learn to play hockey, have fun out on the ice.
Masters of Cinema Blu-ray?
yea ya did :)
in terms of compiling research of articles, blogs, books, tweets, ebooks?
Just got the trash out right before the men came...
This is a ugly picture of you.U really need to stop LOL
Today was a +1 day
Okay Garage Band for the iPad is a blast to make music with. Yet another amazing tool from Apple.
This weekend in NYC at MSG Professional Bull Riding!! Come check out the festivities sponsored by Pabst Get a PBR at the PBR no Bull!!!
Switching my major was a great decision; I had forgotten what it was like to not have to worry about grades and enjoy your classes.
Ladies, a man that can make you smile, think, & most importantly, consider new possibilities is one you want to keep.
Had a really tasty raw dinner last night, full of vitamins and enzymes. Go raw for the weekend and feel the difference in your work outs.
Young Dancers, Aiming For 'First Position' - NPR
Another 3 named: for Senate Republicans on the #super committee, it's Kyl, Portman and Toomey,
"It's clear to see who makes the pants here" -Ricky, Trailer Park Boys
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted. - Albert Einstein
Oh no!! VERY disappointed!!! I have class I was enrolled in by boss tomorrow. Will miss #chat2lrn (may make part of #swchat)
Check out The Cliftones tonight!
having hate for a radio show caller is just fucking sad
Boredom arrives :/
RT : Ah, Portland. Where the air is clean, the tap water is delicious, and the trees are actually alive. I missed you.
Valentines Naughty or Nice tins are just $7!!!!
I hate when females call me boo when i don't even know yo name..nor we have anythang going between us
At Odd Fellows with a hood book, happy sigh..
ill lend you Donovan
i WANT TO THANK MY NEW FOLLOWERS FOR FOLLOWING ME! IT WILL BE REWARDING ON YOUR PART.
President Obama is finally leaving the sidelines and entering the battlefield. My President! Keep on pressin! Lead, and people will follow!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet We ARE going to make this happen someday eventually. YEAH BUDDY ^__^
#friday13th my lucky day!
Daylight Savings ends this weekend. Find a new time change sweeper on
Never underestimate the power of Late Night Snack and My Chemical Romance. It's the greatest form of Recovery Package
#HappyMothersDay Hope you have a good day. (:
True, I'm just concerned about overlap! RT : But isn't that better than a summertime cold during vacation?
Even the buses are bigger in Texas.
you drive the tahoe like a vieja! Where the fuck are you??
so cool! thanks for sharing.
Hm, just not lovin' the new bboyz song. I know you didn't picture me as a BBoyz type. Maybe I'm getting too old.
2.5 million: Number of youth tutored, mentored, or served by AmeriCorps members in fiscal 2010
Matt Budzyn. That is all.
watches too much TV and then stares at people out in the world, trying to figure out what else she's seen them in.
I had a delicious lunch at the Gallery with today. If you've not been, I highly recommend it.
I either want Chinese food or to spend money in an Apple Store right now.
Looks like California got some snow at low elevations. Reminds me of when I lived in Cleveland...hard to drive in the snow...I forget.
I want action NOW!
To the idiot that burnt my arm with a cig this weekend: Fux You <U+E30E>
Most likely! RT is it safe to assume you'll be sampling Ryediculous at this year's Food & Froth at the museum?
Wishing a warm welcome to #NM today- and supporting his efforts to diversify our energy economy.
RT : Happy Teacher Appreciation week Congrats to MD chem teacher Michelle Shearer 2011 Teacher of the Year!
WELCOME TO THE HOTTEST LABEL IN PITTSBURGH! LET'S GET IT!
okay. Please try!!
I've got 90 minutes to start/finish this lab report before Raw. It's clobberin' time.
Victorino is 0-4 with a strikeout, groundout, pop out and flyout. If he lines out here, he's done it all.
LOL I know right!!
I enjoy writing letters c: .
Overheard : "We've developed an English only i18n solution."
....friends for all of your support....Believe me when I say: The pleasure is all mine when I am in front of u guys performing..
Artist Kerry James Marshall gives AMAZING public lectures. The one he gave a few years ago at the Southern Graphics Council ...
Writing Anecdotes,confessions, recipes\ Coming soon
i never underestimate 3 things n life: Me Myself & I
": What's a nice way to tell someone they're dead to you?"send a funeral bouquet
This year, in the United States, the estimated new cases from brain and other nervous system cancers is 22,910.
It's through an application process. I can connect you with our chairperson if you would like. Send me your email
Thanks Anne! :)
We had so much fun, but you would have been a nice addition. Miss you love
Register quickly at Tech Entrepreneurs Week while tickets last.
im trying i know a few
Food & Math. RT : Michelle obama in San Diego: food is the universal language. We need a garden in every community.
Phew! Long day but great - at #ELUconference until I had to make a quick exit for a sick kid! Thx to & all presenters.
is thinking about expanding her charity efforts to give back to the DC region: perhaps save the bay and the capital area food bank? :)
And no, I do not have video of this PR. But I don't lie about PR's. And I was too "I'm in the f***ing zone chief" to bother with the camera!
WELL don't you sound smart! We are turning AZ Blue this year see what you can do about that!
Vision without action is daydream. Action without vision is nightmare. ~ Japanese proverb ~
Get those hot asses down to Avo's in Fort Collins, CO and yell at those friends and families to join us as well...Big ups and big poops! 8pm
&quot;It&#39;s hard to frown and skip at the same time&quot; - Rachel Brozenske on Happiness at today&#39;s RSHRM meeting
I love it so much! Hooray for DisNerds!
You should have treated yourself to a nicer dinner!
Connecting to Collaborate!
I wonder how many fans didnt get their follow from him yet.. I know Im one of them!!!!!
so, you know, I'd you're giving up bacon you could always chew on your arm. Lol. 2/2
What's good beautiful people hope everyone Sunday was blessed...another week approaches...goodluck!
All Prince, all the time. Just to appease
That's pretty damn funny actually if you don't mind me saying. The sides of my face hurt from laughing so hard. Thanks for sharing!
In Spongebob Squarepants, how does a crab have a whale as his daughter??!!
Wedding ring just got to tight. Panicked and DH got so worried he went right for wire cutters.
Let me know if you're going, so I'll be sure to bring an umbrella.
HAHAHA THIS IS SO TRUE. HAHA OMFG. I AM DEAD
I'm going to get a pedicure. Ah.
100 years ago 50% of adults in North America were toothless.
Betty over Wilma, anyday, maryann over Ginger as well
Obama's Robin Hood Complex: a follower pundit dressed in Lincoln green, that hasn't spent a night alone in a forest, much less live there.
Fun profile pic! Something like that.
We try! RT thanks. they do things properly at the Smithsoninan, don't they?
I can't imagine how fun that would be! Please keep us posted on your faves from time to time. Ugh,
Les kiss & make up <3
Thanks - honored and pleased to know you did!
Sunday is always my rest day will call my mum today see how she is. Relax; play top spin 2 and go to sauna house. Sweet sunday
Icecream with :D
It's Sonic Burger Night. Get 5 Sonic works burgers for $5.95 from 5pm to close. Only at Sonic Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd. Come & get em'!
Looks like I’ll be itemizing… That’s what I get for living in high-tax state (school, property taxes alone put me over standard deduction).
You tend to forget how much the little touches mean. Like a pickel with the sandwich.
Teradyne's CEO Discusses Q1 2012 Results - Earnings Call Transcript - Seeking Alpha
Chinese for the day: <U+8033><U+6735> [erduo] ear
got turned around. Be there in a second
Like hearing you on with for a few minutes. Love you for 3+ hours breaking this game down!
Can't sleep because keeps tweeting<33 Oh well(: #2DAYS until we can see your teeth!! Happy??(: I'm
but neither here nor there.....it's always 4:20.
? headed to the U.P. 4 a motorcycle trip
I need new artist hit me up
Thanks! They're made from 100% plant based products (sugar cane) & are 100% compostable & biodegradable. From !
Yes Chris we sell both new and used Macs, as well as iPads, iPods, and Apple TV. We also take trade-ins and collect ewaste
Here’s the hint for tomorrow: This discounted product can help you drop some serious poundage…
Friday! Friday! Friday!
I hope everyone who is reading this has a rich and abundant holiday season this year! Thank you again to all who have sent love and support
Wis. Democratic legislative leaders assail Gov. Walker's $123 millioin in new cuts announced Dec. 23 as a "lump of coal"
What can a girl do to notice her?! Seriously?!!!
#TheBestThing That one special kiss....
Albert Pujols' wife insulted by $26 million/yr for 5 years offer by the Cardinals.
Fuck Love ! Kill Cupid ! Her Lies < ! I'm Not Stupid !
Up grinding
uh....good morining
Woah, Nellie... this fight may break into a hockey game.
:) RT : If it was easy everyone would do it. If it was easy everyone would do it. If it was easy everyone would do it.
traffic is a disease that spreads from awful drivers to the rest of the road hogs.
Chris brown can get it <U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661>
Are you serious? Im so sorry! :(
Were you ever a child of a prisoner? How did life turn out for you? Send us message.
Ok, So i've embarked on a New Begining for a New Year. It's a bold move for certain, but, I'm ready to see what it will bring.
Fuck me, i hate school -__-
I want to do something on this beautiful.day. :)
possibly my new hood once I get the first couple pay checks in....
pitino was very classy tonite, give him props.......
#MANA Lyrics is all I'll be tweeting for the next couple of hours so either scroll me down or unfollow me.
Ex: I love you! Me: "ERROR!" im sorry the person your trying to send a text to doesn't except lies.
playing with my baby. he is so active. smh.
Can I get a follow please? Big fan of your game and ability to make ur own shot
Austerity does not work in close elections ~ #recallwalker #wirecall help us get a win for
Skyrim the game!!? RT : Was gonna try a bit of Skyrim before I tapped out... Thinking imma fall asleep to Love Jones instead
What happened to your leg?
It's April Fool's Day...Try not to get bamboozled!
so how would U know? U wouldn't! :P
Admit it. I'm the sanest person you know. And that scares you.
Taking my rabbit for a walk.
Your words make's your world, so be careful how they are used! #SoTrue -ApostleDannieWilliams-
controlled-release preparations fulfill these expectations
wants to push the e-reader toward greater sociality + annotative capacities
it must be amazing over there! Gabo over there to right?
Quick note on column. The 2007 Browns didn't make the playoffs. 10-6 but lost when Colts rested in week 17
2nd time seeing TheHungerGames sitting in seat 13 again but this time with my mockingjay pin<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> exciting
Heading into Rudolph's where rumor has it will be meeting us!
agreed. are you watching #NYvRSL now too?
SCOTUS reviewed 14th Amend only once in 1935 regarding nat'l debt. "Congress can't repudiate existing debt."
You're absolutely amazing... you shouldn't have gone home... I know you have a lot coming for you though... Love you. <3
"Consistency is what counts. You have to do things over and over again to be great." -Hank Aaron
“: HAPPY BIRTHDAY FAKE AS ”Thanks Sis Come Party With Down Peanuts Tonight!!!!
Vegas has a ban on professional sports teams above the minor league level.
“: Beer for the game...Sam Octoberfest. What do you have?” New Glarus Brewing Fat Squirrel
Well that was a eurhythmics fail....
Stopped in at Blue Inc recently. Loved your Kobe burger chef. delicious.
I will be present in Rasputin during New Year party for kids on Saturday and Sunday as Snow Queen?Snow girl? Come and see.
ah this song makes me miss my twin! :(
So glad I got my baby Birthday gifts out da way early. He gone b so happy. No big party this year just a nice celebration n Kemah.
I originally planned on bringing one pair of heels, smh... Glad I wore my flats instead! :)
Quick YouTube search, and James Young is good. Why doesn't he have an offer??
Day off in Milwaukee! Chilling with the crew
The most important work you and I ever do will be within the walls of our own homes. ~Harold B. Lee
Congratulations Gabe! I'm so happy for you!!!!
Fantasy Writers Workshop with Michael Beard! What makes a good Fantasy plot? What did the great & famous in genre say about it? Sun 2-4
says to follow , squirrels everywhere are on it!
A modern club music band took over a country bar in #Phoenix tonight. Remarkably good for their first show.
Came to Woodbury for a gift basket. Ended up going to Colonial for old bay fries instead.
The only thing about my shoot getting canned - I can watch the Oscars now!!
J. Travis: students in Am. Women writers class work on Wikipedia pages on writers and novels. discipline-specific writing!
Take my hand and I wont look back
Great outing by . A big win and a solid game for the #royals against the reigning AL champs.
If the #Brewers lose this series to the #Astros it may be time to start thinking about the best option for Greinke.
But I thought "the Government" released that data?! Oh wait...
awwh what's wrong??
thanks for the reminder! Can't wait! I'll have to refresh my memory watching the last few episodes on Netflix before hand.
oh, why the hell not ... wish I had one.
excited for this!
Feels worse than losing game 6, come on Braun, steroids???? WTF??? Can I cancel my season tix for next year?
I have never seen it. Vowed to live my life titanic free
good deal
at the airport making websites
glad to see you participating in #tweetaboutit campaign. Here's to an active month of #SAAM activities!
Remember how I mentioned starting a worm farm to help reduce waste? We made one this week at Gonesh!
Grew tired of my bathroom stuff and decided to redo it completely but this time with a dinosaur theme. Yup, this is happening.
SAVE-the-Date! 4th Annual SEI/PDX Police Fair is fast approaching. Fun activities for our kids (3/27, 11am) in partnership w/
A lot of celebrities in Clintonville tonight: Mason Crosby, Dick Bennett, Bill Jartz, UW tight end Sam Arneson.
“: Please don't make it harder than it already is.” ...that's what she said?
Tip #79: If you do what others do you will never have skills greater than theirs. Practice thinking in creative ways and grow.
• As in earliest day the grass gets to see the sky?
immunity, bomb shelters, & cryonics assistance follows unsigned rapper pull a string interscope records
Drat! I got nothing. Sounds like I'll have some reading to do once you've got the list finished.
Big thanks to Fuck Yeah Pop-Punk for featuring us on their facebook page and website!! Check them out for great pop punk news!!
follow back please!? =) <3
Homemade cheeseburgers and strawberry lemonade...
you guys are AMAZING!
#thissummerimgoingtostart running in the morning with my dog
Interviewed this a.m. on The Takeaway.
Such fun last night performing in 's sketch comedy writing class show at ! Don't be jealous BUT I played George Washington!
... Hi Jeremy, any chance u missed me? I answered McNally pretty quickly ... if I win, I'm donating jersey to Harbor Hospital
You know how I do ;)
Very cool, have fun!
“: hungry” that makes two of us -.-
Tune in to tonight at 6pm to support !
Eat, Play, Love
Just bought #Audiotorium and it crashes when audio bookmarks are selected. Defeats purpose of app. Please fix a.s.a.p. <U+2639>
Grades are posted!!
I Should be at school doing work, But im at home sick on twitter, trying to get JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE, To trend for ! :)
Wishing much success at #ASCD12! Can't wait to catch up on news from the conference next week.
Impressive use of health data - sleep, blood pressure, exercise, medical records, prescriptions & more at Summit hackathon.
and to think he's gotten A LOT better with Uhh and Umm!
I'm getting more followers by the minute haha!!!!
News Rory McIlroy brimming with confidence as he heads into pre-Masters break DORAL, Fla.—After signing for a 67 on Su
Group blog decisions to make: domain/hosting, schedule, topics/prompts, comment policy
Skinny boy with <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA> , this Skinny boy will bust you.
my daddy do NOT like Jalen! -_-
my brother, if you're free I'd love to have you come out and fellowship with me as I minister a word this Sunday.
Listened to some of your new album today. Keep spreading the musical love!
I'm so hungry.
Yes! RT : Want to see biz results-not activities : A3 Differentiate betwn efficiency vs effectiveness metrics
Yeah and I’ll be right here in my spot with a little more cash than I already got Trippin off you cause you had your shot
Yes. It's "Hollywood vs. everyone else in the world."
Summer come back!!!
I just love this game!
For real. I haven't even gotten to work yet.
Thursday is ICONic Day on FB!! Giving u guys more luv and support on Thursday!<U+2665>
all the whispering at work is SO annoying.
#YouKnowYoureInLoveIf you get butterflies every time you're around them. <3
The maid+the Croatian are just used here as oblique ways to tell a story about what two men did. The panda is the least of it
- no worries! Good luck with everything!
Kill yourself, NOW -.-
I believe we can have anythings we want ... If we put enough faith out there to get it .
twitter . I love twitter
girl you know we do it major, we aint gotta call the shit givin headd girl we could call it returnin favors.
<U+266A>If You Ever Forget How Much You Really Mean To Me Every Day I Will Remind You<U+266A>
Im starving <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Okay this is just weird.
Taking off! Miami in less than 3 hrs!!!!!!! So anxious :)
Watching Streets of Fire
Wikipedia's other broad categorical indices are:
4G Hot Spot now available from Verizon.
Only if you have green chili too.
Money and pussy always reveal your true friends
One more week until I go to México.
Guess I didn't get the memo. I'm the only one here in my direct department. Going to be a long day!
Contemplating where to run
how does the blofeld sound? worth having a piece of hardware sitting around?
Getting the hang of #stik ... Thanks for the rec's y'all... ! >blushing<
No, I'll be bringing my red trolley along though
facebook whats your problem duder ? i cant send friend requests i cant send messages , and i can hardly comment with out some account block
Busy day with meetings and running errands. Now 2nd floor of to do hair!
The biggest winners last night were P5 taking 10 of the 18 awards. Congrats Jessica and Marci.
You should watch the segment from Kathy Lee and Hoda !
pandora always seems to find the right song :D
You folks are awesome.
so happy for you and brad!!! Love you both so much!
throws an awesome event! #dctweetup bravo!!
Falcons already pulling starters with 2 minutes to go until halftime 17-0
That makes me REALLY jealous.
RT via reminds us that timing is everything in the flow of information.
promo me
Women that are spoiled are no good. If you know how to cut grass baby we can share all my cash, then some.
she not claiming you shawty
Part time work, job sharing and volunteering can help keep retires connected to the workforce
: Lucky!!!!!! If I could afford it I would already be there! lol But of course Im broke as idk what haha
Plan for today: laundry, spotless kitchen, run 3 miles, write 1,000 words, and church. #goals are awesome.
aww that's good bro! Glad to hear
Gonna get Max groomed. This should be interesting ;)
what it is fam?
better late than never!
Thank you ! Phone service=not great, twitter service=excellent!
yeah! how did yours go?!
thanks for another informative evening.
I think the rush will even improve more if Neal can get on the field. Great start though!
“: “Cheeseburger, fries, domestic bottles, house wine and more for just $20 tonight ?” I'll be there
Your nephew can no longer develop your web initiatives!
I hate to say it but... Today = No bueno ):
MLB Network reporting the Phillies are now the favorite to land Heath Bell.
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!! 7
A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience. -Miguel de Cervantes
Come down and tell ghost stories. #pdxslumberparty #epicslumberparty #fightchurchmysteryschool Lift the camping ban. Waive R2DT's fines!
yes got it thanks =) I'll email you
I never realized how short Kevin Hart is lol xD
Hangover on mother's day? Not my best look :l
Watching The Bucket List in class today! Thank God.
did you do standup again and not tell me? I need to know these things...
How come nobody ever says "everything happens for a reason" after something good happens?
I just realized that making staff picks our March promotion means that *all* of our best books are on sale this month. Crazy! --Sheila
STAR WARS™: THE OLD REPUBLIC™ EXPANDS TO NEW ...
They should all go to my stache bash if they are all gonna meet up with you anyways. :( I really want to see Jordan
"Mom, do you like modest mouse?" "Yeah! They're good" Ha, I didn't think she knew who they were.
Hm...I am not authorized to fuss with authorizations. lol!! Lemme see what I can do about that.
RT No Chris Bosh? Yeah the Heat might be out.
I just want to stargaze..
Thursday Night it's the Official COLLEGE PARTY , Beer Pong
The rational Concious Mind is the most powerful tool in the world
It's cold here in Boston - which warm destination are you day dreaming of today?
bahaha those ole cow tongue tacos :)
Tweetahs! Love is the merchandise which all the world demands. If you store it in your hearts every soul will become your customer. I. Khan
Traveling Sunset Blvd. is hazardous to my tires. Thanks DOT for the construction spike and the mechanics bill to remove it.
RT Diamond Fact: Diamond crystals are brought closer to the earth<U+0092>s surface through volcanic activity. |
Andy's starting Wednesday at AA, then he probably gets 1 more rehab start & returns in mid-May, most likely replacing Garcia
WE HATE IJEVER!
Hey!!! HAPPY HOUR AT GEORGETOWN MUSIC FEST IS ON NOW!!!!
My 17 y.o. took my laptop for HW. The problem is now I can't do my HW! Urrrgg!
So who is digging on google + ?
it's become quiet apparent you have no idea what the word awesome means.
#earthquake We felt it here in San Bruno.
Culpepper may not be the last ex-player-turned lawyer to join #NFL concussion lawsuits: Ron Mix and Shawn Stuckey could also be candidates
Yeah I was trying not to mention your old people bedtimes. Lol!
I can see my house from here!
Happy Earth Day, everyone!
Who studies for an A/V certification at 4am? Oh wait I do…
Crazy arms that seek to hold somebody new, but my burnin' heart keeps sayin' you're not mine!
-Okay baby-!
thank you love! I do hope you are doing well and enjoying the last night of summer. #byebyewhitepants/shoes
Ive been having the craziest in depth and most realistic dreams O.o
My team's rockin' it! We've got a hobo running around and completing events in Unity.
Just WOW! On a tour of the USSR (1990), I spent the Moscow leg in bed with the flu and missed the Bolshoi Ballet. :-(
you think that's awkward... Walk in my shoes..lml
Happy Mother's day.
So for those who don't get one tonight, gn, sleep tight & sweet dreams <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
see if they have any used Blake Babies' singles! ;-)
Get your Guns N' Roses tickets for their Live Show tomorrow at the Roseland Ballroom - NY. For tickets, call us at: 888-493-0004
yeah she threw a mango at her then shoved pudding down her pants ^_^ true story.
Resend me your phone number at some point. I have a new mobile device.
Release date for "Momentum" is set for Sept. 11th! Sending tracks to Paul Gilbert to play on today. Woo hoo!
Emily Maynard is the next #Bachelorette!!! Cannot wait!!
Wanna be my best friend? Bring me a Milkyway...
So only idols at SMTown this year, I'm ok with that
weeerrrkkk Marj! How did it go?
Thanks to Jake Tapper of ABC News for giving our little film project a shout out. Thanks for making some good noise, Jake.
RT : Indefinite suspension for Torres fair, provided (this) means mid-Oct. Hit so egregious Goodell wants to fine on principle
Oh! so cute!
Good morning! “We’ve got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true.” - Denis Waitley
It wouldn't be a 'camp' without an arts/music lesson. Learning about history of African drumming (and about to beat the drums) at
Well sh*# happens!
I guess its summer time outside !
Woo! Angry Birds xD!
« I get happy when I split an Oreo in half and the cream is perfect on one side while the other side is clean.»
Do you have Anachrophobia: The irrational fear of anachronisms?
Excited because I got one more follower on my blog.
ah I wish! not sure I can make it tho
oh how fun! Good luck with that!
NO! NCIS! NOT DUCKY!!!!!!!!! I may never watch it ever again
Thanks, Nate! You're very kind. Glad you're back!!
I am investing in a skateboard. Lol
hand down
through the weekend! Just enough time to visit an insane amount of restaurants that serve every type of cuisine!
There's more people that want it than people that have it!
When my own girlfriend thinks I'm too pussy to do something hahahaha bitch you don't know me as good as I thought.
i just discovered why morning showers are so amazing.
did you see how fast he moved on that peralta hit?
my spoons just be disappearing
Sometimes strong is all i can be . <3
Pedroia & Cody Ross = hair club for men :>) or.. I'm told manly men go bald early
In the hallway with all the seniors not going to 7th period
Does Wendy Chun just automatically provide gorgeous little twitter-bits? She's amazing in any context.
What is the record for longest distance on one of those shower slides you told Bob Costas about?
to bed lol. Gotta wake up early so I have to prep at night.
In Columbia, SC. Game time Friday night is 6pm Central. There will be a free webcast & we'll post the link tomorrow! #HookEm! #tourney!
Our cat prefers to express himself through the art of 'laying on his fat ass all day' and 'primarily sneezing on clean clothes'
M_Casler11 if youre grabbing food at a restaurant, get a coupon for it here
I just want to be able to call you my girlfriend :)
Love #Yankees fans who talk so much smack but then get defensive when their team crumbles.
I am just glad that me and Peter Chiarelli are on the same page
likes to blow on long things that resemble a penis.
Nick Young better not mess with S-Jax
I like the fact that the whole first 4 hours I'm at work I can just chill.
need a little inspiration to clean the apartment..
What an awesome workout! So glad I have there, motivating me!
School starts Thursday at 6 p.m. - wine school that is.
Count Your Blessings...
This school is driving me to nervous breakdown country fast
Shoe game... You got tht! Love it!
fat head's head hunter ipa might be my favorite ipa ever... this week.
This Friday we hit Sean O'Callaghan's and Saturday we hit Brick's of Northville. See and you shall be seen. Taste and you shall be tasted.
Hey!! Working on it as we speak! Actually put some acoustic versions of new songs on iTunes a while back...have a great day!
Writing's coming along. Hope to finish the new novel by early 2012.
Thanks for coming out to our media preview. Story on "A Genius for Place" in tonight's 5 (party at 7).
I just realized Austin lives 35 minutes away from me. And I'm just chillen in my room. lmao.
Listening to ASAP rocky and posting castings for Crimson's "Megahertz" music video this sunday
Today's gift card winner is HOPE N JIMMIE STAVES. Congratulations!
I'd confront you and ask if you're talking about me. But then again I don't care if you are.
I wonder if anyone's had to get tommy John surgery due to years of furious masturbation
can anyone explain to me why the hell they would schedule the biggest college basketball game on a monday night?
yes that's right
I once had this dating site give me best states where my personality would work best. It went 1.Oregon 2.California 3.Washington
Watching GOP presidential candidates debate on
what else is new! He and those who follow should be fired for endangering the welfare of Americans. GOPNwill never learn
Scientifically we could end malaria. It would be more cost effective to end it. But politics both local and global get in the way.
hmm save me a plate :)
Greece's failure to form a coalition government increased fears that the nation would leave the euro zone.
I love technology ^_^
So close to taking total control of the space in which the kick and the bass really sit..... Watch out subwoofers everywhere..... :-)
Oh my god... cassidy is so slow. i couldve run 3 laps around the school in the time she ran 1 hahahahaha
I'm amused, in 's fresh burst of tweeting, by his obsession with & by his "slim Rush" photo.
Okay, , consider me teased. ;-) /cc
Davey s kansas city cher uk rocking old cocks.
Just a thought.. if Obama is reelected for president in November, his theme song should be I Am Your Leader.
So hilarious! RT : That last shot... DYING!
do you ever curse?
Working on some new concepts, wait until they drop. Lethal
I Am Legend had the smartest zombies I have ever seen....
"why'd you leave the kids upon the table? (you wanted to)"
my cheeks still hurt from laughing after your show lastnight. Matthew Mcconaughey act out was priceless :)
will be going to see think like a man,, steve harvey has sold some of the game, but previews look good
That is a fact!!
Yesterday a gigantic beetle landed on me while at work (I think it was a metallic wood-boring beetle) and today I am being bit by mosquitos.
nice :D andd brooklyn ny :F
marvel vs capom3?
I have respect with Paul. I feel like my disagreements w/him r like those founders had. OTOH MS RWNJ rep what all founders agreed was bad.
Come to think of it Yogi Bear always appeared to have a clean ass. Maybe that's why he kept Boo-Boo around
Was asked today what is in a mince pie. Luckily enough Wikipedia helped.
Air India aims to become India's 1st green airline in one year
LMFAO on #Verizon Stage tonight at 930 pm! Today Show taped this morning at 7 and back tomorrow! #Indy looks get on national tv!
I'll come up Thursday come back to medford Friday and we can hit up my sacred fishing grounds
So true!
mumbo jumbo
Its always amazing to me how some people go thru life never accepting responsibility for their actions yet try to make/blame u
Your perception of me is your reality, not mine. Carry on :)
like if I just said I saw a 6 legged cat! That would be interesting. If I said beautiful day I'm so happy... not so much
signed on for the... what?? Don't leave us hanging!!
A test in every class on the half day before break? #really? at least we earned a week off #freedom!!!!
Off to the Chicago alum event! Should be fun even if its combined with St. Olaf alum. #GoNorse!
Filling the teapot and turning it on because tea will warm my frozen feet, right?
Been hanging with my ex lately, and we were talking about how even though I'm sober I'm still ME. I always will be! <3
I'm happy you finally found a way to share that pic of without seeming super creepy.
Feels great to be done with the website launch. Very happy with the result. Already working on improvements with
you tap them on an nfc reader that's been programmed to do it.
No. But you do choose to not have kids and I wonder how long before they will take that choice from you.
Charlie Murphy!!! All weekend long at the Miami Improv hope to see you there! www.miamiimprov.com
So many good rest in downtown MKE...Maders, Molly Cools, Buck Bradleys, King & I, Safehouse, Buca's to name a few.
I had a shitty Monday & decided im pissed off today. Was gonna take the day off from the gym but have a feeling I'll need to blow off steam
happy bday doll love you very much and God bless you.
she is so cute:)
Client meeting and training this morning... Time to move from theory to application.
just a heads up, your Twitter is sending spam DMs. might want to change your password :p
then do it for the love of the game...
Its true what they say about grey, you really cant read this thing in public
Yes mom, shape macaroni is still the best kind.
#5Texas @ CU NEEDS win if any chance of getting in the NCAA. Jordan Hamilton would look good in a Nuggets uniform
It's #Taco and #Hockey Night at the Echo! Tacos are $1 or 1 for $4 for 5! All the #StanleyCupPlayoff will be on! Plus Trivia is at 9!
The game's lingo is ridiculous and charming and crazy that everyone learns it eventually.
Thanksgiving is around the corner. Make sure kitchen appliances are in working order and get parts and cleaning supplies from APCo.
Haha me dos!!
Hi, Do you still have the ticket?
Hello Kat, you account is sending spam tweets...
Looks like a mini #EMchat tonight -- that's always a good thing :)
obviously a skull.
Thanks for the follow, it's much appreciated.
Coloring outside the lines is a fine art. ~Kim Nance
I did the double Chinatown BOS-NY-PHL twice this week. Not only did I survive, but I was v. amused by a full-on battle royale on the bus. :)
": Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mothers in the world!!!"
When Fugly girls think their freaken gorgeous.
When hangs up on me <<<
Mary, I brought that quilt/pillow...where do I need to take it and when? -Michelle
Spring break has me all messed up! Going to bed! Good morning!;)
I swear young women are lost these days - Drake
feel all wavy & shit. sleep.
and ProjectWalkSCI Thanks for adding your agency to database. Glad to have you listed :)
What you hear about it fam?
Why do you hate what you don't understand?!?
definitely more granola than troll
Haha why thank ya! <3 I went on a RT-ing spree last night!
I'm watching you, buddy.
:Good answer but,not it...think more intimate.m
Someone tell the home plate umpire, the game isn't about him. Nice strike zone d-bag.
McGehee and Betancourt are essentially the same player at this point. No bat and no glove. Gomez is at least a stud in CF
I like toast in the morning. You need to know that in case you close in the morning.
agreed. So much work to be done. In this room and outside of it.
I think Jeffery will be better than all of them.
I have no ride my mums car is in the shop
Meek millz that dude...<U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Not sure if you meant the WM/CM Punk drawing money line as hyperbole but I think it might actually be an accurate statement.
Instructor certification for the civilian sector
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger. - Buddha
Thanks for a power-packed presentation today-
Bet ya didn't know Chimps could read a teleprompter. Wait. Don't respond to that!! :)
why didn't I see that last one? Anyway... ahoy!
Christ is the Greek word for the Hebrew word Messiah. Therefore Christian means Messiah-like..are we really doing our best to live upbto it?
Already time to prep my syllabi for the next term.
what about your boy Sanjay?
Fab bodied devil in a new dress beat.
What show are you at?
best game of error 37 ever.
Thanks! It's an old white BMW in the NW corner.
I'll live feed you
Ahem. "For, say they, when cruising in an empty ship, if you can get nothing better out of the world, get a good dinner out of it at least."
Don't envy the judges who will select the winner of #pittbigidea. How will they decide?? Great pitches. Congrats to all!
no raisin bran this morning got me feeling extra hairy and pale.
showing methods to protect your WiFi clients using server certificate validation - "Using 802.1x correctly"
Lakers got that w! All is well.
Install my first EMC Avamar Node in the Data Center
I think I will draw a picture for my 1000th follower. Who will be the lucky person (or spambot?)
Eli is playing tough
we'll link soon! Stop by anytime.
An invitation to actor friends anywhere in the world - help beta test the Beckinfield project! www.beckinfield.com (click "Join")
OH MY GOODNESS!!!! what am I watching????? I didn't expect this at all!!!! AH D:
Might be DC memorial day weekend...aint been there yet
WE WILL BE ON IN ABOUT 10 MINUTES ON CHANNEL 13 NEWS
I dont know how long I'm going to survive in school....stressed
RT : Want some great news? & are all returning to #FeastingForFido this year! #YUM!
did u delete it from ur external hard drive to ur c drive !!!!!?????
Annette, he's a despicable human being & tool! He's not for Americans!
Bravo! and congrats.
Crunch time or clutch time for the #Texans offense?
Theoretically, if you are the kind of person who does sits ups, my advice would be to do them before you eat a 1/2 lb cheeseburger.
I'm a firm believer that some people really get what they deserve. Karma's a bitch, honey...
Looking to connect with active reporters in the NYC / NJ Eastern PA area for some potentially fun segment ideas.
I saw it & was blown away! Great doc! I cried so much when the make a wish kids' dying wish was 2 see Elmo. So touching.
mane aint goin either then i got other sht to do!
would it be weird if my icon was one of the boyz?..
Heat got massacred . Smh . Gotta pick it up in game 4 boys.
Come again? Key word, "well". I was there, I witnessed everything
Pailla: I'd be a lot more comfortable asking for more information through a committee with people on both sides. Help us construct that.
Yup, Class of 04
This shit weather has forced me to revert back to my Boy Scout days.
it's all about tonight! Cannot wait to see you later!
Home-based business owners need not worry, you don't have to show your mailing address with Google Places.
Don’t make me sad, don’t make me cry. Sometimes love is not enough and the road gets tough I don’t know why.
. . Morocco - check! Grand Canyon - check!
Tis the season of giving, what is your favorite cause or charity to give back to around the holidays?
No I havent met Mr. Right yet, but I have met Mr. Fake, Mr. Rude, & Mr. Player.
Thanks for the follow Austin Shoppings (AustinShoppings)! :)
I loved my Tandy 1000. Oh so much.
In the car with tay and trevir jones !
Hm. Might have to try some "Cocoa Tans" this weekend.
So, just kicked me off LI Sales Playbook! for "self-promotion." I offered Venntive as an alternative to Salesforce, etc.
I don't have any friends. My old friends don't talk to me anymore. Really depressing
-smiles back-
Just finished organizing my closet. Shoe count: 35 pairs. I'm stunned
what you up to :)
New website coming soon. Fast checkout,mobile phone payments,new callaway and TM clubs and a new orlando location.
I've ordered from them - they have super cute stuff, but be careful on lengths of skirts & dresses! Can be super short!
shit! I forgot about that xc
We would like to invite you to our festival this Sunday @ the Ronald Reagan building from 2-9pm. You'll feel like you're in
Celebrity sighting!! Taylor Hawkins from stopped in today!
I love the idea of Start up Nation. It seems there is a true explosion of miracles coming from Israel.
my night just happened to transition from being awesome to me feeling sick.
Scotland Yard Pub opens at 4pm for Sunday Dinner...and great drinks. What are YOU doing?
Teas, Fruit Butters, Honey, Wei of Chocolate, Tracy Demspey Originals and Dr. Smith's The Perfect Breakfast....
I hate having to come home after cuddling with my boyfriend all day & night /:
Good Morrow To You RockStar.. How Does Thy day been?
I wish I could explain to you how I felt, because every night before I go to bed, you're all I think about.
LA...sorry for the late reply!
Lmao RT : RT : Sager: "Hold on to that game ball", McGee: "Thanks", *throws ball 35 rows in the air*
Welcome to twitter and thanks for the follow! You've helped me reach 350 followers.
no it's not they r great but just not better than KOBE I mean come on man be forreal u can't hate Kobe that much !!!
I might not be
A friendly reminder from #Naughtons "Don't get caught with your pads down". We carry a wide selection of cooler pads at all of our stores.
WATER season is almost upon us. Get ready for me to start wearing a bathing suit under my clothes everyday.
Include DVD, WithoutABox receipt, statement about the film, include laurels if you have them. Mail in a bubble wrap mailer envelope.
Just got back from the gym and my neck is killing me... sorry I been out the loop what's good??
Great time tonight Thanks to and for coming out tonight
-- Why would you drop a closer for a non-closer?
yes:D
Probability of impotent offense coming back from 2 run deficit in last 7 innings: .0000000000000001
alright! I'm in on Saturday with her-can't wait. :)
do you live in LA or OC?
LOOK. yall know ya stomachs. ate that at ya own damg risk...
This guy just started peeing at the lightrail ticket machine #dafuqdidijustsee?
Pandora On For The Night, As I Sleep Away The Memories Of yesterday, For The Dreams Of Today
All caught up on social media.
So its 6 and I just got out of school and I'm up but when I'm in school I can't wake up before 11 oh the irony.
I can agree with that. Did their research too. Pulling out the magnet from brave lil toaster?
The neighborhood dog that's usually heard panicking and freaking out late at night is now in #LegendaryMode for #4thOfJuly. Poor guy. :(
too bad she never tweeted me back! Ps luh the twit prof pic from my car hehe
Not being tired sucks.
Encouraging folks to wear 1920s or red carpet-style attire. But anything else you'd usually wear out wouldn't be out of place.
RT RT : And as I've told Nnamdi to his face, he's the 2nd best corner - very good but no Revis.
#McFarland to #Beauprez @ #LPR2011 - europeans are petrified of an influx of north african refugees creating "eurabia".
Goooooodmorning. Off to school.
Today is Autism Awareness Day, my son is autistic. He is sweet, kind, & caring. I want to make the world more accepting for him!
I am catching up on MASTER CLASS, SUPER SOUL SUNDAY'S, & LIFE CLASS.. I have finally found a station for me OWN. Oprah is a genius
fun seems to have vanished from drinking.
So apparently Frank Ski's Restaurant is disgusting!!
Finally had tht break down cry after the end of my relationship, now I feel ready 2 move on :-)
Soundtrack to my life while on crutches, includes "you know it's hard out here for a gimp"
Oh, no! Look on the bright side: you're employed, it's beautiful out, AND... ah, well, that's all I got.
We're out cruising the high seas on the Allure of the Seas with Royal Caribbean. We'll be back next week with Where in the World Wednesday.
It's sad that the #stopkony problem has been going on for years and people are just now finding out about it
Who does the voiceover for that commercial? Dat voice.
#LSU looks like the real deal this year
Oh oh oh it's my only offer
Listen to al music ... I really do lol help !!
My grandma always asks what I'm getting just to get it too...my guess is if she had twitter it would be all retweets and no original content
spent Saturday night with a chilled bottle of Lotto Moscato from Diamond Ridge. Great taste. Great time.
Never again will I watch scary documentaries when everybody is asleep. Real or not, I am a freaking baby.
Well, back to sleep.
#Madden thank u for keeping Vick off the cover. #Google Android app dog wars is #Boston #Worst Email this scumbag:
Want to go East? Say, Florida? Airfare sales have driven down prices from San Jose and San Francisco. Fly for as little as $179 RT.
reply to my tweets :(
. SS Alex Gonzalez lost for season with torn ACL. I blame and his agenda.
What a great group of posts on the hangout grid this week. Oh crap! Can you shoot over the correct rss link again?
RT : From Brittney: Clouds stick around with low 60s today, a chance for scattered showers tonight. 70s will be back Monday!
OMG I am so excited about seeing breaking dawn tonight can I geta RT I anyone feels tha same
my mommy birthday June 7th !
Come have lunch at The Drop!
yes. We got this!!
"When you choose your friends, don't be short-changed by choosing personality over character."
chillin wit my friends
clashing in black and brown
LOL! RT Mark Zuckerberg is 28 today & worth $100B. Reminds me of when I was 28 & able to purchase groceries without selling plasma.
MELO is getting his ass kicked out there and no foul calls. WTF are these REFS looking at?
The adult training portion teaches teens about nutrition,financial literacy,personal relationships and building character
how was hunger games? May see it this weekend.
your SO CUTE!
I know. I'm a little wary about the inside show/outside show thing. Are the bigger acts going to play the Congress?
we are all stuck upstairs working still anyway. No drinks, no awkward Tuesday.
Just downloaded the new comedy special. Goodbye next hour.
I didn't see it
Thanks for the follow!
It will be rocking there tomorrow. Saturday is my 40th birthday. Maybe they'll give me a W for my birthday.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA I STILL HAVEN'T WENT OMG I'M DYING
Needs to stop reading WebMD.
Learn more about
I have new dates added to my site..www.ettabritt.com. Also , worldwide digital release today for #outoftheshadows. check it out..
Wild woman hair :)
I wonder how my family gone react if I bring a girl instead of a guy to thanksgiving dinner this year...
Q- how can you incentivize without getting in trouble? A- Define purpose, avoid incentivizing HHS service utilization.
really that's why ten of thousand come across everyday, at least they have balls enough to try, you inbread creeps wont
and remember everyone has an opinion like everyone has an asshole...keep your focus even with those that disagree
Born from one of the strongest woman gods ever made... Makes me unbreakable
i have a 3 hour class tonight, so there's that :(
“: maybe I should start doing that” of course you should! Must be a student of the game!
I'm warming Wishing Well...love it!
Followed, & thankss sweetheart(: More music to come <3
I'm enjoying the band here tonight.
Lol i could help!
Check this Out This Page is Happenin!!!!!!!!
Do you specify race, when talking about something completely unrelated? Fucking stop it! It's rude. ("my black friend, the asian kid" etc..)
he jumped up and head butted me
just had a flashbackk
&#39;Celebrities With Big Dicks&#39; and Other Tales from the Weird World of Wikipedia Books [The Internet]
Had a great meal at with awesome people last night. Can't wait for another Fresh Dinner!
Get ready to hear from us Cincinnati!
Cali bound and down in 4 days.
I just need for this last load to dry so I can take my ass to sleep!
Thanks, new followers, !
What a legend she was, Right...
lemme know how much I gotta throw down before I spend my money lol
also sarah palin is a fucking clown
I wanna go to the lake, I need time to myself just to think!
From Everything you set your mind on to every person that you value, to every goal you achieve all comes with Time
speaking of #dwts, son just asked abt the "large cut out" on Brooke Burke's dress, so just taught him new word: cleavage.
Harley-Davidson designed 5 motorcycles for the new Captain America movie, and one of them can be found at the Harley-Davidson Museum!
Yea its okay with me
mackin: librarians can put their labels in ebooks, publishers can work with you on that
H is funny
you have Never Ever Lied!!
It simply could not be helped.
I'm wearing two COMPLETELY different patterns..no makeup and I'm ok with it
I'm not!
:) I hope everything is going well i love you!
A bartender without "bartender ears" and "bartender eyes" wears me out
RT ": KG looked 5 years younger tonite. 28 & 14. Vintage. Bodes well for Boston vs. Miami."
God, I hate school.
I don't know how I'd survive without yogas
Haha, I always imagined he would be. There's an idiosyncratic nature there that just can't be faked
#delta. Horrible. Just barely made our flight to london.
And he couldn't gel with the team during a long-ass homestand?
"I'm wearing a baseball tee with matching shoes (:" see if I said that I said that no one would I give two shuts
Team Xtina (the voice?)
Wow! Mardi Gras was Cray Cray! I had a blast! Got a ton of beads without even having to show my boobs! #WINNING :D
Be excellent.
thanks for the 'follow'! 'Love ping pong but don't have a table at the moment
Not too many bad kings left ... At least not many the Western world would be able to recognize. :)
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks
63. If your intention is casual, make sure your date understands that.
And so common, tf! “ Bad breath is such a turn off. More so, an instant turn off.”
Whenever we would have/ask for PC4PC, hack each others profiles & put our picture in their profile, & have our top friends.
I mean, how long is this journey supposed to take?!
silly rabbit tricks are for kids
Ea game tester jobs can be found in local forums or conventions
#Tucanos Salad coming up on in the 9am hr. Spring has sprung, so we're taking your taste buds to town!
nothing last forever...
Jc is wrong. Dang boy.
A glass of your favorite Grove wine pairs so well with a friend or loved one next to the fire on a cold day. Open Daily 12-6pm. Cheers!
follow me!!!
Great hustle by Spaling.
Feb 29th #AfricanTakeOverDay ! Africans all over the country will wear their traditional wear to class. Represent!
Jenn and I felt like the portions were small and that we were getting the bottom-shelf pickings.
Sex is nice... Just keep your socks on :)
I so wish I were in on this!
Strive to work only with ethical people, but know that criminals will sometimes fool you. Move on.
Taking pictures and sharing stories on my blog!
we sure will and we will keep you posted!
aw :) I like it! That's what I'll be trying next time
#stevejohnson should be booed loudly upon his return to Baltimore, oh my...how do you miss that touchdown #Bills have found someone with RF
Who can I run to
gluten-free noms, here we come!
": This is how it goes: I will respect those who respect me, and forget those who forget me. Simple as that."
Flattered w all the mentions, TY made my day :)
Thank you for following Paige and I Paige is doing great at kicking leukemia's butt.Help families by donating
Water! Such an amazing thing. Nothing more enjoyable than a long shower :)
I'm actually wide awake this morning. :D
Showing my friends who is they think hes hot haha we love u jc <WeMissAustin!>
I think a day spent in bed with a good book and the windows open is definitely what's called for. :)
"skeet skeet skeet water gun" ...damn Lil' Wayne those sweet words get me every time
Great day for a Phillies game with my hubby!
that's whats up how u make it ?
Planning your Saturday night? Go to University Night !
Chilling with my love , watching the Clippers & Grizzlies game.
asshole mode today. don't get your feelings hurt.
#RHOC's Gretchen shouldn't be one of the #PussycatDolls, she should be a Pussycat Waitress while other people perform.
Thanks hun! Literally happens a week ago aswel RT : I was thinking then hun lol...change ur password asap!! X
Clouds may come, but clouds must go, and they all have a silver lining. For behind each could you know, the sun, or moon, is shining.unknown
Can I *please* have an ipad? I could check out this DL right now as I listen to this brilliant talk on digitized Quaker history
Due to the nature of video production, teachers can't work remotely. Maybe someday!
Raisin' hell in my rat rod, come home to see you sack Brady's ass bro!
Does anyone want to come in and man the grill so we can feed our customers?
Maybe I can get some sleep between working and manage to resurrect my writing this weekend.
#iAdmireJustinBecause he went through so much stuff and even though now he's a world star he doesn't forget where he came from and BELIEBERS
Pop Pop Pop goes the diesel
"Are there drugs back here?"
It's hard to explain the difference: we used an SM7 on a lot of guitars for "Awesomer," most of the new one is m201 + m88.
YES!!!! 4-1 Liverpool!!! Game, set and match! Newcastle will finish at least 5th!! WOOHOO!! :-D! Amazing season!!
All crows are guilty of murder
Cool--is that at SU?
Liverpool vs. Manchester city today at noon LIVE
did u see where Nantz didnt have us in his Final Four
Finally got to watch #Goldrush last night. Sorry, but I had to ffwrd through the segments of Dakota & even Parker. Boring!
Larry Bird is at Amway right now. <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
Congratulations Chris Kreider and BC on your national championship. Now get ready to chase the cup in NYC kid!
“ « Every guy gettn caugh cheatn this month its crazy:-) :-) :-)»”yeas!!
Currently Sitting Outside Eating Oreos
#DescribeYourSexLifeWithAMovieTitle Friends With Benefits
Kindred spirit. Ava was a sweet old girl. We're starting now to scout out potential rescues.
Oh yeah because it's Gomez.
thanks for spreading the word - hope you can make it! :)
These block classes are killer.
#edshow HOWARD FINEMAN....What a WASTE. He SO could've been the PROPAGANDA MINISTER in ANY former COMMUNIST COUNTRY
lol they sent her home last night they ain't want her around the old folks either
Nice work Doc!
k now you're trippin
Follow me back Is an Hot account related to Watch porn :*
Day 21 & Feeling Great! Do It! Do It!
Absolutely. But we did lose tonight. Still 7-2-0 on the season so... LOL
i think in english we do everything BUT learn ;)
I concede he changed how the game was marketed. Or Nike did using some of his dunks.
Happy St. Patrick's Day! I always celebrate properly by having a lovely pint of Drink responsibly and have fun!
"Roll up fast and be the first one to make me pump this gas" - full service gas station attendant
well would need to change me from a #BBerry to an
I tried Sears but still can't find a HD TV I like... LOL
like it definitely
Thanks for the re-tweet!
BJ will be in town and at the gallery tonight around 9.
RT : RT : Ron Paul's tax returns are just a picture of the leprechaun that supplies him with gold.
twitter y u down?
what time you thinking?
yes!! I miss u too! I was just showing my friend Backstabbers and
OH: is going to turn into Barry, and nobody wants that.
Inception or The Rock?
and as for her vote, i guess she got over her hate and voted who she thought played better which i respect
After years of plays/screenplays, I've pretty much internalized story structure, so it's always in the bg
HTC Evo 4G your mine in a month in a half(: thanks mom!!<3
I think im gonna go take a nap and try to forget this whole day (: then il wake up..and watch a movie :D
getting ready to deliver white-cat themed art piece to Arts Factory. can't wait to see what other people made.
Oral health care: Clean your tongue using a tongue scrapper once a day.
Many thanks for the RT: LOVE your web site. We need to get a directory of us House Historians
s/o to (tell others to follow)
One of the guys in my house was eating a hot pocket and a corn dog both smothered in ranch dressing.
Dr. Agyepong and others win Entrepreneur Awards 2011 - GhanaWeb
i just chair danced to this at work. kudos, buddy!
Hahaha I love you!
How is the time Change affecting you? We have just what you need to relieve some of this stress. Stop in and see us! Open till 9! :)
Sweating the 1k #wcoop from driving back from AC lol. GL, Jason.
YAAAAAY YOU LIVE AN HOUR AWAY FROM ME!:D
this is the most inopportune time in my life for cropped shirts to be in style
why thank you! I'm trying to be <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Trivia Tuesday starting now! Good luck, teams.
I agree, Jordis is the winner before the season even starts
#FSEDM is thinning out the herd w/ a damn fine app. Egg pics go first...see ya :)
#ThingsEminemTaughtMe He's looking down in a smile.
Is it bad to chase a 5 hour energy shot with a nos energy drink?? I'm feeling a lil hyped up right bout now...
Jefferson County Democratic Executive Committee unanimously and without reservation endorsed President Barack Obama for reelection tonight.
What do you do with a ham steak?
If any of the #OccupyMadison crew wants to get out of the cold 4 a few there is complimentary beer at Friday @ 6!
Editing is removing any passivity. Have a point.
From - "Today is "International Women's Day." The rest of the year is "Don't Challenge the Patriarchy Day".
Full day ahead. Running the park, spin, yoga, workshop. Let's go!
#Dodgers hung tough in this game and come up with the win over the #Padres for a 3rd consecutive win. Final score 6-5 through 11 innings.
Funny how Romney's former classmates wait until just this moment to finally speak up
Day started off bad and ended pretty good. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
For great price & best quality screen printing in San Antonio & south Texas hit up
#ImWeakFor Papa John's Pizza and a super bag of skittles
my bad mama!!!! Next time, which will be soon, You and I must party for sure, I was in the dance halls learnin how 2 dagger
That feeling you get when you know is online!!! Ah, Would you please follow me?<AB
Just saw the charts. So sick man. Keep that momentum rolling.
grateful for Carl's Jr for preventing what could have been a massive hangover.
How much are #BETAWARDS TICKETS?
It appears you'll have to stand in line behind a number of remorseful mice..
nice to see client Amini Silatolu cracking your mock. Rang is missing the boat.
hey heard What happened to your makeup last week. I have some extras if you want it?
I crave the taste of that boy's tongue.
#YouWasCuteUntil You turned around I like the back of your head better
It's alright yeah I'll be fine don't worry about this heart of mine, just leave the pieces when you go
on the TurnTables!!!
One of our guests brought from his cellar. Very fun treat!
I feel so close to you right now, its embarrassing... bahaha!!!
shouldn't be. It's a curious aside. Amazing number though on his part. It shows he's human. A golfer. Like the rest
Your tweets have just the right amount of snark!
I'll be cheering for UofL to beat Florida.
nothing can be talked out when employees are given a script. thats customer service today.
sup bro ?
yes.... I still watch disney channel lol. (:
you're the very coolest. It's ok, I wouldn't feel right doing that. I will try to buy tickets on craigslist, etc., before the show.
Is that what you're having tonight? I had the chili over spaghetti.
Any indoor runs in the summer? My ankles can only take so much blacktop.
So did anyone go out and see '35 & Ticking'? What did you think?
Call in to the next rodeo tomaro ride me another rank bull
Where my grizz fans at tho?!
Then you should see the fallacy of unions--they are monopolies protected by the force of law CC:
#California spends #8600 per student and #50k on inmates...something is wrong with this picture.
"you can't archive something that hasn't happened." - the 11th Doctor
Hot girl to friend: "You feel the prickly things on the back of your neck? That's them. They don't know they're unattractive."
May I always and forever work at jobs that involve free books.
Hey! .. you will never notice. but Hi how was your day?!
Come back!!!! I'll buy you a drink.
Most people shouldn't make jokes.
Is "1" really the loneliest number?
7:30 AM and already popping some motrin... It's gonna be a great day.
The awkward moment when you go to the gas station and your neighbor is there and he looks at you like "O.o'
gaming down, while legal, by the book dispensaries nixed by council,hurting local patients. Where's the desert sun reporting?
I am in a relationship with Facebook and It's Complicated
people should really follow me i have like 39 followers seriously -_-
quiet one with a loud mind
MusicalStop.com lowest prices on the net for Indie Artists! Do a lot of marketing?? Return Customers receive lifetime discount!
Take Nolte! Take Nolte! Okay.. first time all evening I thought Billy Crystal was funny...
If I had a gun, I'd shoot a hole into the sun, and love would burn this city down for you... -If I Had A Gun, Noel Gallagher
whose your pick to take home the green jacket this year?
I got the point. Most white women dont get what WOC has gone thru. That doesnt they should b demonized.
be safe..( i heard it was returning back to alabama-yikes if true)
Terrific - Of course; for you, always!
thanks for the follow back - you must be the ONLY con. studying planning in the whole country -
lOoKs LiKe SoMeOnE iS cReEpInG rT?
thank you! :)
Big comebacks by NYY on Sat. and LAL today. Awesome weekend to be a fan of these 2 storied, excellent franchises.
I like the Google background for today.
do tell
I'm SO impressed by right now. Six weeks post adoption, kitty tooth surgery + 3 types of meds + 1 comfort towel for $0.
From the head horse's mouth RT : We enjoyed visiting with Peyton today.He threw the ball great & looked very comfortable out there
Family and friends are the greatest gift given. Merry Christmas.
I've watched all of your videos (: your just amazing, I love you #MahomiesForLife please follow me!
It feels like an icebox in my room! Sad. Hm..
It's amazing that they're making two fantasy movies, The Hobbit and The Runelords picture at the same time.
AAVG NEWS OUT!!!!
My top is back, my pockets fat, and my diamonds clearer than HD!
romance later and breakfast I will cook.
Her rhymes are like crack, so she be(ez) in the trap, meaning the trap house.
This guy sitting next to me is talking to himself....
Kodak is sinking, I hope that son of a bitch perez goes with it. He deserves to be poor, homeless and begging for food like his workers!
welcome back. I knew you couldn't stay away forever.
singing old songs feels great. :D
Omg me too.smh
u right
Well, gee, thanks :-)
irritated does not even begin to explain my feelings right now!
What stands in the way of your dream is a blessing in disguise. When u work your way through it, u arrive at the place u most want to be.
soo with your headbands make em say i give head lol
dance time! <3
Zimmerman's took their first loan in '82 at 20%!!!
What's your favorite thing to catch another driving doing while stuck in traffic?
RT : All 3 #pcbw collaboration beers are on tap today at Penn Brewery - so if ur looking to do a comparison, we've got 'em all!
I love you a lot
I'm in need of an agent bad ! I have so much talent I don't know how to get it out to hollywood ! HELP! I need an AGENT!
happy birthday hun! love and miss you so much! ur so beautiful. will always be your #1 supporter! enjoy 2day<3 see you soon!
Lies turn to truth as you start growing who u call family changes ask khloe
I TOLD YOU SO! Hahahahaha <U+E412><U+E412><U+E412><U+E412><U+E429><U+E00E>
Moderating the Beta Summit at the Convention Center.
Jules Verne: Anything one man can imagine, other men can make real.
you too! How are ya??
I have seen your Videos on youtube, and they are amazing!! You have a true talent! dont let anyone tell you different :-)
It's officially summer! Can't wait to go to Nashville tomorrow with !
shut up Gabby you know it was for me >:D
Dad is having surgery today, please keep him in your thoughts.
not a lot man!! Spring Break is all I know!! How are things out west??
That time of the year when you think of moving to a new San Francisco neighborhood. Considering bigger hills / less space / better views…
and I missed it?! Go Bob!
In my experience, those requests are from non-technical people uninformed as to what alternates exist.
It's so hard being a grown up
If She Can't Reverse Cowgirl On The Swivel Lol
Ew I hate when girls take pictures with their saggy 5 feet long cleavage. Get a pushup bra and cover up! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085>
that's to bac
you would never kill me bestfrienddddd
DC Block Party Permits can now be applied through DDOT, not HSEMA, and can be done through TOPS, the online permitting system
What really makes a house dope?
On our way to Rihanna then to Nikki Beach!! it's gonna be a good good nite!!
Obama should start yelling his name out like 2 chainz before every debate. Id vote for him.
"global capitalism has made 1 out of 33 people into migrant workers" #OccupyChi Peoples Summit
gotta go 2 da doctor get this knee checked out shit is killin me!
Listening to at
The design studio is ready for the Holiday Pop Up Shop! We are so excited! Hope to see you all there!
So many auditions coming up. Looking forward to the NY Figment Fest as Oberton.
Im always getting charity bags from the Alzheimer's Society through My door but they always forget to come and collect them.
I have read neither, but Low Life is only list.
You KNOW i'm gunna be there , Rodolfo!
Tell me why we always go back to the one that hurt us the most, and the one we swore we'd never go back to.
Many thanks, Ducks, for the RT.
any news on when the XL Up comes out?
Burning with my Brother!
Anna Paquin liked my True Blood inspired tee.....WHAT?? =)
You're funny looking alright, but nothing like these creatures.
Going to chill out.
Not bad at all. Who are you?
AP story circulates: "Seasoned activists critique Wall Street protests" But only lead quote "critiques" all others praise! Y the headline?!
Cellino and Barnes is no joke, kid. They get justice for people. And that's not funny. That's REAL.
Public Image Limited, Heaven, review: PiL became compelling only when John Lydon (aka the Sex Pistols' Johnny Ro..
hormone enhanced food rt ": The average bra size is now 36C. 10 years ago it was 34B"
I am gaining interest in building something similar for a (future) Windows 8.
No, thank you! <U+AC10><U+C0AC><U+D648><U+B2C8><U+B77C>!
#yeahyousexybut your pussy smell like fish from the BP oil spill
Its all about
Marketing and research important for DH center to grow and expand projects.
I just said one word to Ben Kweller, and it was a t-shirt cannon joke.
Hey #Boston! Happy Cinco de Mayo. Have fun, be safe and wear a smile :)
that a boiiii!!!!! Keep it up!
Moving in the right direction!
hey ! just wanted to say hi ! how are you ?
RT : Beer must have estrogen in it because every time I drink I start talking a lot and I suck at driving. Not funny try again
plse do let us know! There are a few of us families deep in the #Catskills we'll meet u 4 lunch @ SweetSues!
Just saw a nice pair of tits & on that note I'm going to sleep.
Senator Debbie will unfortunately not be walking in the #NationalBabyFoodFestival afterall due to the ordeal with the
Feels weird working for the first time in like a week
the sun is actually out and shining brightly! I think we're clear for the night.
is this a teaser? We R at con center SXSW :-) will try to be there
Can't go wrong with that!
Yes. I totally hear ya on that. I'm going to focus on purposeful decorating. If I don't love it, I don't want it cluttering.
Failure is unimportant. It takes courage to make a fool of yourself.-Chaplin
Can't wait until the next Alf remake!
Will be interesting to watch Allen Iverson's press conferences in Memphis this season. "Practice....we talkin 'bout practice?!"
I came home to my dad watching a gun show on tv, and him looking up guns on the computer....
...and, of course, how unhelpful, helpless, oppressive, unsympathetic he is, and how irrelevant he becomes.
can't fail with Pandora!
Just realized I'm actually in the same building as . This is all sorts of exciting
The money JPM lost over the past few weeks could fund the for 7 years.
....a BS in Car Herding doesn't come cheap, my friend.
As a teacher/tutor I must have deep knowledge of subjects I teach. I am not saying others should.
Stay open until 2am.. if they pay a fee. Which, in the eyes of the state, smacks of "extortion". Bars already pay a fee
RT : Follow the Frontline Promotions Team Retweet
Nuggets got that light dubbington
You're one of those stay in and watch tv kinda people. Haha!
I'm selling t-shirts at a flea market. Help me get out of here I'll send you a free shirt.
I'm glad I can count on you for the planning phase. That's the most important part ;)
I dropped to a lower tier on Dish to save some money, was a little worried about not being able to watch Bucks games, not that concerned now
Thinking: It's an innate drive to really develop it RT : Pondering: is self-discipline learned or innate?
I don't believe it was relocated. I heard the shopping center preferred to have a dollar store over a Goodwill.
People may not realize this but I am one of the early creators of the fusion sound.
lol you're right<U+270B>guilty as charged
Didn't think of that- the problem with Mad men is season 5 is going on now, so I just might wait to start that one.
All you need is LOVE #WOMCC ;-)
can you guys please follow me it would mean the world to me :) please
Doritos Locos Taco, I want one now!
Paying customers get access to a deep catalogue of TV shows and can watch on mobile and other connected devices
#stm2012 on the dais about to begin Q&A session with Ivy Anderson, Steven Gass, & Lorraine Haricombe
Electric Guest is very good.
Starting the new year tonight! So excited.
Republicans still love their teleprompter jokes.
That was fast! Now to walk my dog and go biking at Ray's Indoor Mountain Bike course.
Why so sorry? Is it because of this horrible Oakland rain?
Attending 's show at tomorrow night. Be sure to check out the review after the show!
Life should go on// Big Sean <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
i invented sex makes me feel so good when i hear it
FYI I'm not necessarily shilling for Cuomo, but my boss asked me to spread the word & she's too awesome to refuse.
Listen to a FREE national conference call today @ 4 PM PST about the explosion in #Mobile #Media. Call 712.432.0075 & enter pin 643053#
is the second one that takes place in the school? Cause that movie is deep as hell
He Has Risen!
is thrilled my new iphone stopped working 3 hours after i bought it!
Please update your mailing address for Amoura Productions to 830 S. 75th Street, Omaha, NE 68114
Is your top from Reve too? It's Gorgeous!! :)
Is it? I didn't really notice. But, I love how both are in separate universes.
I called "homie" and she got mad at me. What gives?
How can u call #Obama "Mister" and Bush "President" in the same breath?! Black man gets no respect!
Mike, Are we allowed to utilize your d3 JavaScript library in an enterprise product?
- Return to fair play, get money out of politics so our leaders work for us instead of those who support their campaigns.
My parents are visiting too- yesterday dad called to ask what number Lexington Ave was. Whole office laughed.
#WhyDoiAlways put off my homework till last minute
I haven't read her yet. I'm looking forward to it, though.
that cake looks bomb!:)
MR.WILLIAMS
Driving 30 minutes to get to solo/ensemble at 9 in the morning.
I like drawing busts!
Cleaning and organizing. Thinking about unloading most of my DVDs on Ebay or Craigslist...not really after money, just space.
Tomorrow I get to cover my fave golfer Mickelson! My life is good
thank you for the amazing workshop today Phil. All of your tips were golden:)
Researchers use mathematics to fight cancer - Medical Xpress
One on one with actress and environmentalist Daryl Hanna tomorrow AM on Sunrise
"ain't nothing gone change name going get bigger;its the cards for lil kim to get richer;so like it or not I'm who I'm"
Née something to do
Worth noting here that Boston's already used their timeout.
Working on some awesome projects right now with some amazing people! It means so much to have all these great opportunities in my life!!!
I need a benedryl
“The first key to financial success is taking a good hard, truthful look at where you are now.” -Kim Kiyosaki
are you!!!or do u want one???
Just got done playing&#39; basketball! Leg are still burning from last nights 8 mile run!!! &#35;nopainnogain
Girl stay safe. Hope u make it home.
Thanks for the mention!
“: me..lie? Ha real niggas don't lie, they just keep it real... IJS...”lol mmmhmm
Im so board!!!
I don't know you stop talking to me
Congrats to #Reds Jay Bruce for winning NL Player of the Week. 4 homers in 4 straight? Yep that'll do
RT . Surprising and true fact: US govt. spends more on healthcare than UK govt. does (goes to pensioners, army, etc.)
3 proms in two weeks...
WORD is working on shows and a bunch of NEW things on the way. Stay tuned :)
RT you can only rent violence
New Metallic graphics on SP-CARBON bikes now available. Amazing
Just a thought about kids using cell phones inappropriately in class...maybe we should make lessons more interesting.
I just sent you the invoice.
lol. xD im just ya'know on my phone... angry birds. haha :p hbu??
p(^o^)q you hit my face D;
these next two weeks are packed. holy.cow.
If you don't follow me on #Instagram, you should! Just search "bearheiser" and there I'll be. Look forward to SEEING you!!!
We are so THANKFUL! that so many people are taking advantage of our holiday specials
All the women said they have to do it to feed their children. One woman said "I wouldn't recommend this life to anyone"
BETH HART CONCERT THIS WEEKEND IN PHILLY AT THE BLOCKLEY!!! AGH!!!!
Great quote from my wife. " I never knew how many stupid people there are until Facebook"
Lotus of Siam. Crispy rice, prawns in a blanket, sea bass drunken noodles, crispy duck in cognac sauce. Riesling!!
do you know what the average attendance vs registration rate is for webinars? I am wondering if my numbers are high or low
Did I mention I have the best crew ever? It s true and they are ready to bring you a great show tomorrow night!
Need to be reading dat book tho , but left it at home.
Omg totes happy hour all night and all day tomorrow?! C'mere!!!!!
Great folks up there and amazing people. Have fun hoss! RT : About to start week3. Playing the Eagles Nest for WGH EAGLE 97
Ain't no party like a bnode party cause a bnode party has a keg, wine, booze and tons of food. Party has started!!
project pat b bumpin .. idgaf if its old
I Look A Hot Mess But
Churches are not like single-family home loans. The rules governing them are unique. #IndigoMortgage is here to help. 505-836-5700
when Drew calls me & tells me he thinks someone broke in his house & asks me what to do... Lmao
After all of these training hours it's time for my solo no time for back yard bullys their hate runs deep sad but true so live your life
This is why people are still sheeple
Getting caught up...#Shameless finale. I hate when these phenomenal shows end.
that makes you a real #american hero.
My dogs love each other so much! #puppylove <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Today's Questionable Content is a guest comic by Pusheen. Everything is perfect today I'm a still dreaming?
Thank you for the RT.
- I figure at least 7'10", am I right?
Morning chad! RT :
Huh RT : "Bradley Beal is everything the Cavaliers hoped Daniel Gibson could be when they drafted him"l
I'm not sure..good question...hm.
Fantasy research. No off season for me
Can't wait to see the final product! So far it's AMAZING. RT Just got picture lock for our video campaign.
Long freakin day - Road Show tomorrow at new sushi place, getting a few more things done around the house. UNWINDING tonight.
$99 for an Ikea delivery seems a bit excessive.
. Happy Birthday to our FAVORITE person on campus!
where u working gz
Pretty sure this Almond Joy was originally just a Mounds bar but then someone jammed an almond into it. It's not even all the way in there.
I guess everyone wanted subway today!
check out my goodreads profile. Fiction or non?
Woo hoo - so excited that is going to join & friends for #FoodieChats this Monday at 7pm CST!
you are welcome :) it was nice seeing you tonight! We'll get together again soon!
Is the winter air drying your scalp? Steer clear of product w mint ingredients. Instead find a protein-packed conditioner, like a leave-in.
right now i could care less wat happens to me
RT everyone in Kansas get down to Hartman Arena in Wichita now. performing at 7. let's have a good time.
Cope Cod's long-term #econdev plan is very helpful for #broadband, gives OpenCape focus. Private co will build net, provide services
Ugh allergies won't let a person sleep
they will fucking adore you, swear.
Hi! Thanks for the follow! Hope you'll use the site.
Thanks for letting us know! Hooray!
has hit one million followers today
That performance is just pure amazeballs. So fucking awesome.
follow me jenn :)
AwesomeStocks thanks for following me on Twitter!
Wanna win a day in an Escape? Join the #180mileclub: Tell us your fave destination w/in 180 miles & we'll randomly select 1 Zipster to win!
country and blues at the moment!
much thanks buddy! happy friday!
Time for a Parise takeover
girl almost had me fooled: rolled up t-shirt, "hand made" shorts, fedora.... **COACH SHOES**
It sure was! I was worried because it started off a bit slow. : RT : #TheAvengers Movie was Dope!
i honestly cant tell you how much i love that is so honest with us, and obvoiusly cares about us so much (':
Ohh I was one too. Is justin bieber following u?
Fresh off work!
Don't forget to follow us - Not just job postings, Soon to come... Wait for it --> Give Aways!
ooohh im sorry :(
RIP steve jobs. you were truly incredible and you (not just your inventions) will for sure be missed.
It's Waggener that's done that to me! Don't you ever find yourself wanting to abbreviate everything?
No problem. We're hopeful that Rubin Garcia of the SBA will be broadcasting live on SBA radio from our event on 10/21.
fuck high school. its friday<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Awesome! Goosebumps is an amazing show and so is Batman! I WILL be watching! :)
Bout get ready and go to the gym.. hopefully im the only one there
Astros get one back.... To the Bottom of the 6th... 3-2 Pirates.
Mirror up today: Image is important too. Watch yourself play and spend some time seeing if you are entertaining while playing.
Mexico is one of the most frightening places in the world right now. Can everyone please just stop doing coke before this mess spills over?
Get 'em Mamma!! Dont mess with tha kids!!! I feel ya there!
With my luck, I'll get cancer...
Walking to go see Lucky One! :)
Ads battle Grand Rapids at 6 PM. You can listen LIVE at 1250 WSSP or online at www.milwaukeeadmirals.com!
awww , thanks . ima think on that i might just go str8 . and have all the hoes . HAHA
": Tell me is there any more room for me #inthosejeans sang ginuwine" girl I still luv that song !
Twitter ain't what it used to be.
OH: Is that mike tyson? No, that's Bill Cosby...
Today's the day! 1:15pm: How do you engage visitors' (wrong) beliefs about the past? Truth & Cherished Myths: Authority & Empathy
Currently at Auto Battery, looking for #HopsandChops Happy Hour. *Might* have found the right table. Or not.
F the world, f my life, f my feelings because they dont mean shit, and f the haters because I don't give a f*!k what people think anymore.
Need an oil change or vehicle repair this week? We come to your office, home or business.No mess-No fuss
Kentucky fans rushed the field when they beat bottom feeder Tennessee a couple weeks ago. Just sayin.
Once again the Portland Trail Blazers have a true dynamic high flyer in Elliot Williams. About time.
Questions about short sales? Give us a call on the air at AM 580 WDBO at 1800-329-5858.
we got twan, Kyrie and Andy
nothing sorry my fault
Have you heard of the FX "Fractionated Laser"? It can help turn back the clock of aging skin such as age spots.
I’ve loved all the faux Herzog books. But this one is REAL. And it’s even better than I hoped.
What did she do? I'll slice her... :/ </3 Your sadness upsets me!!!
Hey Tonettexhn! Thanks for following!
Grouplove – Tongue Tied on #Spotify LOVE LOVE LOVE
When you focus on God's approval of you, you won't have any desire to envy others...
Playing tomorrow morning (Sat/11th) at the Perrying Parkway Shopping Center in Parkville MD, 11:40 Am, if anyone wants to get up early:)
“: Looks like Leila left me for a mma fighter .well I guess I am single again” what do we have here ?
Hello, Colorado. Goodbye, Dorothy and Toto!
Check out the new property on my website www.andreabell.com. 5 gorgeous acres ready for an estate to be built there!
I AINT FIGHT NOBODYY AT DAT SKOOL YET KENNY GONE BE THE 1ST TO GET HIS ASS WHIPPED
Yeah I Still Do Tattoos, Im In London In June x
I nearly punched my mother for waking me up. Hi.
I smell like man perfume!
Boredom tun up
haha yea man I'm just tlkin
That Pitbull guy seems cool. When I go to a club, I'm going to shout DIE! & watch all the good-looking people get slightly better-looking.
Personalize the brand!
Sidney, you're just jealous you don't have a bestfriend as awesome as him!
cheers to that! how'd you like the show?
iight I'm coming
Vict. ideology sometimes at odds with commercial concerns; eventually textual content bcms negligible.
#interview with #KernRadio early morning!
Waiting on new music gear is always the hardest part of ordering stuff online...
Welcome To The
I don't wanna start this crap again!!!
good for you Jennie. Day 7. That's awesome.
Hi John!! I'm going to your screening on the 24th, I'm excited. Can't wait to see #theTHING in theater!!! Yours, Alice ;)
My mom just threatened to make me delete my Facebook. Um I've done that I would be happy to do it again
Cats win and the Reds sign Joey Votto to a 10-year deal. Good start to the week.
MIDEAST STOCKS-Gulf bourses extend decline; global mkts weigh
What?! He's walking? Can't wait for tonight's episode! Stupid mountain time.
A3: My second favorite romantic spot in Chicago is walking to the North Pond Cafe for a bite thru the Lincoln Park. Gorgeous!
Ouch... Trying. Too. Hard.
I Mean I Still Like Em And Kinda Wanna Be With Him But Gottah Put Them Feelings In My Pocket Cause I Love Me Before I Love Anybody Else
Snoop dog on instagram is my favorite thing.
Take a glance at the new uniforms for our boys at the dome!
Go hard @ everything!
<insert joke here>
hopefully you can find a husband that can do that for you and eventually your daughter, keep a high standard.
Praying for Grace - keep us posted
Hire people smarter than you.
CARDIO INTERVALS ROCK!!!! DO THESE TO BURN FAT AND SHOCK THE BODY!!! JUST DID MINE FOR 45 MIN!!!
says where interest and engagement cross in data, you'll pinpoint passion
:'( I hate crying I hate goodbyes even if for just a little while
We're ready to rock in Cordova tonight, just as soon as the Grizz win! Mulligan's Cordova - come out and party with us
Ah! What league? We are playing in CoHi, though I wanted Dupont. I'm here if you need a testimonial. You'll have a blast!
More than 1 in 4 hispanic students drop out of school, with more than half leaving by the 8th grade. RT
This weekend didn't go so well nor did today and I'm hoping this whole week isn't a reapeat -_-
Having to start thinking out of the box! Love summer to reflect and think about next year to make it better! Just rec'd r kdg daily minutes
Please tell me you've been following
you at Gold?
hey do Memphiz got any single brothers? lol. Seriously!
I agree. Not a hater of but the dude just doesn't have it. I hope I'm wrong bc we need more guys like him in the league
I just spent an hour waiting for iPhone software to update and download etc
Double shift at work
Laughter makes you people! Laugh and smile on an hourly basis.
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho laugh at Handicap ppl!,,,Not Kool!
Hold tight to memories for comfort, lean on your friends for strength..
Join us for worship & word service Victory Church Of God 10:30am EVERY SUNDAY 222 East Monroe Avenue, Grants, NM 87020 # #
The LitFuse team is training for the Halloween 5k! Cheer us on or join us!
Nuggets won bitches
They say you nobody Intel somebody kills you .. I say be somebody even if It kills you ..
Had to move to the other side of the bed cause jayden took my spot<3
#ctctfb Facebook is about building connections.
idk ru in any of my classes?
I'm sleeping like an infant tonight. & happy HAM day everyone. #426 for life you know what it is.
I would like to be a winner!!! What am I winning?!?
Death For Cutie
Thank you!!!
love u.
nigga it is what it is
Haha! I was watching Harry Potter!
PopTarts are my weakness. I know they're fake and terrible for me, but I can't resist.
wow! i fineshed! Whoever i followed <3 you!
Thank you very much for following me. www.peggyguichu.com
Niall:louis what are you doing? Louis:putting my hat on what the hell does it look like. I miss the boys on the stairs:(
Well Yeahh You Wanna Hit The Follow Button? Meow. LOVE YOU(:
how do u find out if its a trend????
#mythoughtsatschool If you don't STFU I will punch you in the face.
Today is National Honesty Day: What's your confession as a shopaholic?
i just had a tick on mee and i dont know where it want >.<
I would do anything just for you
#GoingRed with a strawberry and banana #smoothie!
DAHHH THEY ARE SO CUTE. AND ZAYN POKED HARRY. SKAKDJDNDKSKFUG
Time to #wine and #dine, salmon and pinot anyone?!
you gotta listen to this arctic monkeys record
Wow, can you say paper weight!
Please RT : This Saturday from 4 - 8pm is having a Fundraiser at Please Come Out & Support 4 an Awesome Cause!
nah I wont be up there tonight. Maybe tomorrow I will be before bible study. I'll probably eat around 7
12/21 at Frankies - & We're celebrating Karri's birthday & graduation from the U of Toledo!
There's nothing better than a Cali Kebab spring salad. Come to PB already!
When looking at Latino/a artists around the state for YLA 16, I'm surprised by the number of sci-fi oriented works I've been seeing.
If we stop drinking highly acidic soda and drink alkaline water instead, we will help reduce excess weight gradually.
So glad to see Urvashi Vaid on this morning. Kzoo misses you Urvashi.
"Madonna's arms are boss." And her boobs are losing circulation.
7/21 release date for our first album "De-friend Me"
Auditioning isn't so bad - It's actually great to stretch some acting muscles...But the waiting to know if I get the parts is torture!
one of my favorites that you've done! Great job!
One thing Slice HD seems to inspire is puns. Never a dull moment!
finally moving along. :) now if only the Day Job would lay off a bit! lol
miss u too are u coming down Saturday
Modern Family, u are amazing. Next goal: Watch every episode
I have developer dead head. Game design mode is frying my circuits.
Haha what's it about?
Smart money's on Zsa Zsa. I like Castro to croak, for the win.
your stupid hella spelled my name wrong .
Marilou, thx for the RT and Happy Mother's Day! Susan
killing myself would make everyone happy..
#hype the song is called "Tears" by Health. Fits the game perfect!
I'm not in high school. Read my bio.
cheers for the #FF shout back :)
Late night lurkin..
Laughs on. Seeing , and the rest of the funny people at Acme Theater in Hollywood 2night!
The new Mute Math is incredible!
I survived the camp in with 4th graders at pacific science center. 2 more hours until a good day's nap.
Wish i could make money off of all my tweets like these worthless celebrities.
Next year I'm sure when speaking of him I'll have to say ST and people will be like oh him. Just annoying is all ;p
heck yes we want to be followed by
Bear Grylls is my hero.
Wake up people!
You shouldn't worry about me breaking your stuff, worry about me making holes in your body.
S/O to and for the tweets.
#Didyouknow that the Vikings believed there was endless beer in heaven? If u want beer, get our $14 buckets of domestic bottles 2nite!
Skinny dude with handlebar moustache walks by, mauling banana.
that's so cool
Rose MRI are in!!!! Out for the season torn acl... Dam that sucks!!
After last weekend's Bartender Battle at #HardRockABQ we have the top 3 bartenders in #ABQ! Come taste why!
What time do the gates open. Do you reccomend a time to arrive for the best spot?
I love my pets... my two cats... my dog. They bring me constant joy and peace.
where you at??? We gotta party
So excited to try #garvanzas- the newest restaurant in my hood. Hoping it's good so my real estate value increases.
Instead of feeling stuck with what you believe you are or have, what would it take to make those things work for you? What else is possible?
We are looking for genius in the wrong places. We need to give ppl a chance.
When is #NataliePortman going to do a Sequel to The Professional! We need a bad ass girl hit man movie ASAP
fighting weakness with strength
"I am from Kazakhstan. Very Nice." -Katt Williams
Well, well, well... Great pen name, sir. Geeze. How ARE you?! I'm going to be doing a concert in Columbus son... be there
Things are slowly coming together.......
Runyon Canyon hike mid-day!!! Yipee
#TheAvengers is playing at The Scotiabank theatre tonight. Why not drop by after the show? Patio is open
awwe thanks and you dont have to say sorry jessy wessy:) and you got a deal!:D my choice or yours?
finishing a marathon gives you a few hours leeway, we think.
question from who notes we're moving away frome single version to authors who want to have all versions ready
Goas is rising in price and we have 2 Ford Focus Sedans on site to choose from... The difference in fuel could pay for it!
yes u can! Come get it <U+263A>
A man should never neglect his family for business. ~ Walt Disney
my son just said Kobe Bryant when ask who is he watching lol...
I half my burgers to scorn and ridicule and I will continue to bisect chuck sammies till I become a vegetarian. #never!
have dinner?
Have a great weekend MKE!
you weren't playing when you said you make beautiful things fight eachother
That's #funny. RT At this point, she's all of our Sharona.
10 more to 300, that's pretty rad. Thank you guys.
Ah, huge torrents are understandable. Work at your college's radio station and they will become obsolete.
right now,they only have 3 objectives that get progressively more difficult. All are in different stages of completion.
Cool concept!!
The set of necessary & sufficient conditions in order to obtain the application of a cliche bumper sticker.
Oh babe - sending love :)
you really felt that was worth tweeting at me? it's Kim Kardashian, she doesn't care about you people. haha chill.
Viscous is like the consistency of syrup.
#Imagine Niall's lip trembles, as he tries to hold his tears. Niall:''I got so many fears of losing you.'' A tear rolls down his cheek.
I'm working on starting a meditation class in Mt. View or San Francisco. Hard finding a place to hold it. If anyone has ideas let me know.
hii Niall!!!! If ur reading this just want u to know u rock! I know u get that a lot but.. Lol U ROCK!!! :)
Your tweet WED eve', has been printed upon finest stationary, matted/framed; now is prominently displayed throughout crib :)
We're back in OKC, baby!
lol...u can be in the DJ booth with me if u'd like...lol...place is nice btw
going to write up some notes? I missed it
dude, I miss you a lot. Seriously!!! I think Im gonna go to Austin sooner than I thought, lol!!! :)
I watched Joni Mitchell Woman of Heart and Mind DVD last night. I HIGHLY recommend! It was so beautiful and inspiring!
Babysitting day 2.
I want a strawberry milkshake !
It's deplorable that "Marketing" surpasses every other category. Got a birthday, betrothal, graduation, congratulation? -->
He has achieved success who has worked well, laughed often, and loved much.-Elbert Hubbard
and I'm planning on being at "Hermano" afterwards.
I loved social psych so much it was my degree's emphasis. Fave class was Social Psych of Intimate Relashes. Have fun tonight!
that's right up there with leader of the free world. Real power.
Thank you for continued support. :)
Today marks our 2 month anniversary of being open!
That offer we made to Tony LaCava was just a practice offer. We're loose now.
Holy crap Orlando cheerleaders=#TurnOn lol
I don't wanna be in the heat
#vampirelife we hanging upside down...me and my squad gettn it
i take pre-algabra. its even harder when i get hw on it
RT : April 24, 1989: Massachusetts declares today "New Kids on the Block Day." // cc:
RT : RT : Merry christmas everyone! Remember to laugh often and loudly.
RT : I grabbed the wrong deodorant and now my armpits smell like candy. How's your Friday? // I love candy! How is this bad?
RT Today will be a great day!!!
You're right. The back rows were kinda dark last I saw a video and, yes, methinks Bishop Long doth protest too much! Lol
Just keep going ;-)
what is going on with Facebook?! Let's hear it readers... what are your opinons on the seemingly endless changes?
^es Why am I so uncoordinated in Zumba class? I guess having rhythm is just not enough.
no doubt about it. It's oh so very weird!
#WhatHurtsTheMost is whem the guy your in love with turns you down
High for this
Hello loves!
hahah very true! But I feel like you were just trying to rhyme you lime(:
You are welcome. It's a pleasure.
8pm and 10pm tonight are when you can come see great improv shows. And that's all you need to know.
Working with libraries to increase literacy (language & civic) will increase the value of #opengov, but must have both
'Cause she's smuggling dem bombs in her shirt.
Yesterday we found out that the baby we're expecting (12/23/10) is going to be be a girl! I'm very happy.
COME ON!
what is your favorite song?
please!! when u learn, show me...
damn that would be sick but I font got money to fly to new jersey
im in such a good mood right now (:
do you pandora?
my phone makes this weird ass noise when i get a text message . i don't see why though cause my speaker is BROKE lol
Nope cause I'm not using that phone at the moment. That's my 567 number
:) love bassett's always wanted one
just updated my blog talking about the quest for excellence an knowledge.
Visiting my old pals at the armory!
I was motivated to be different in part because I was different. Donna Brazile
WHO NEEDS TO REGISTER TO VOTE? Have u MOVED? Changed name? Lost voter card*? Changed party*? (*some states) U NEED TO CHECK reg ONLINE/PHONE
Had a very random/fun night...gotta love the spontaneity of my life when I get bored lol
Did you forget? It's Thirsty Thursday, and that can only mean $3 for anything at Kilroy's Sports Bar. Cover is also $3
I'm so happy that Annie Cusack is in tonight's episode of #HartOfDixie just wait till next Monday's episode:)
Probs my best lectures are the ones I'm close to tears
Theon? Terrible. Jon Snow??? Wonderful. Leave him be.
": RT that's two by the way! Just sayin" I know!!!! Im is shock!
Death eventually comes, but your beauty is timeless Elizabeth Taylor....
thinking about putting up a fresh mp3 from our new record on #soundcloud look for that tomorrow night! probably scatter or not fair.
Finally finished my homework.
Congratulations Jessica!
Uh So bored waiting for new video!
How to lose a guy in ten days <33
“: WELCOME BACK WELCOME BACK WELCOME BACK ” BYE!
If UL beats UK then #BBN is going to have a bad taste in their mouths for a long time, because they are going to lose the football game.
I want as minimal run ins today with those who think they are philosophical
Last-Night i had another nigga bitch with me (N im fallin 4 her) yeah im fallin 4her
Don't forget that Apple had many failures like Ping, Apple Cube and several other well designed products. It's inevitable.
... Sounds pretty sweet, where is the new location at?
if yhu have some sense jus be quite nd not say anything
I'll be all caught up with Vampire Diaries by tonight then let you know! I was out Thursday night! :D
No, dude, being a total jerk to a girl does not make you look cool.
lmao no one is talking shit they're talking about what happened yesterday in twitter. just how you were in 1st period
customer service can be reach at:
#Oomf asked me do I sing lol! #Wtf do it look like I sing....clearly it says "Graphic Designer & Illustrator" smh
Dirty Bar Day Party? RT : Day Parties and brunches galore in DC today!
he said it was an exhib due to not all starters playing yet Royals rest players and it is an official "game"
You know you're drunk when you slur your speech on your head.
Good morning whats good? Back to reality.... Get that paper.
Pretty epic bro date yesterday
Andy is a good driver... Alan on the other hand..... i am not letting him drive me to the gas station 2 blocks away...
Having 1 thousand pictures of One Direction on your phone #ItsADirectionerThing..... Well in my opinion ;)
I'm so amped for tonight, like omg!! asdfghjkl
#IWantYouBack just kidding I've moved on and I'm happier now:)
then what is it if I recognize it?
Its a good thing I DON'T talk in my sleep..haha
Wow, DC #Metro is going to be FUBAR this weekend.
I'm hungry, It's late. Fighting the urge to pop in a pizza
Now all this bunk about legalizing gambling. Who is going to legalize it? I ask, who is going to legalize it? [1944]
ok so I guess you are in a bad mood with me... smh... whatever though... I will just do me today no problem
Eddie-Spaghetti how the heck r ya! Nothin much here, just trying to get set to enter the real world in a couple weeks ;)...hbu!!?
SHE WEARS SHORT SKIRTS I WEAR T-SHIRTS SHE'S CHEER CAPTAIN AND I'M ON THE BLEACHERS
Awww thank u! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>RT : I can't believe my Shar-baby, , is a superstar. Proud of you girl, & your website looks good.
oh gosh terrible picture! Ha ha
Happy 80th birthday !
Brooke looks like a barbie tonight. So hot!!! I would love to have that beautiful dress. Motivation for me to lose weight.
or RT “: Who is the next Celebrity artist yoi would like to see at 618 LIVE the most. (be honest)”
I'm using M.E.
Portland can and should do that...We need to lobby more for Jamal
Another pretty good day barely been home and I can tell Im getting back to my old self.
Today is one of those "probably should buy a house with a pool" kind of days.
GO REDSKINS!
Lovin the new Pepsi throwback! Finally someone is bringing back real sugar!
bar crawl in conshy. It's so nice for a #dayload!
I'll let her know!
Am I the only one that feels lame with more following than followers? :L
Pealing a Orange. <<<<<
hey chris why do i feel you totally ignore certain people you never really say nothing back i know how many tweets you getstill
I love ya, Preds. Still my team. #winorlose #believe #ignoringthehaters They used to razz Coach K/Duke about not winning in the tourney too.
obviously I do I mean really.
#LAMHarvard We need to think about how we will operate in a nearly all born-digital world. Our challenges will become more similar.
Some Oreos with milk sound honorable right now
walk over me? It's a great jam!
Back @ the airport...they got me for my good hair lotion :(
Your mom says: Put on a jacket! I'm cold!
I feel like poop. :/
I hope its me. Id really love to take my fiancee to see hillsong united
"Never give in. Never give in. Never, never, never, never--in nothing, great or small, large or petty--never give in,
I like your profile! We are booking in 2013 but your work would make a grest show. e-mail if interesd
we too love the green dog, haven't tried the jeni yet, but will nxt time!
Who's coming out to the Souper Bowl tomorrow at Roadrunner Food Bank 11 am to 2 pm? We'll have KL Street Malay Curry Laksa!
Great seeing all of last night's films at !
Have fun on your drive to Atlanta! I just drove from there to Dallas.
how can be a #SocialMediaWizard if he deleted his facebook?
Couldn't have said better #grateful RT 2012. Yes. Thank you 2011.
Reporters should prepare questions for Torts like a cross examination? Lead him into a yes or no answer. Would make their lives easier.
Great day with kids and grandkids...now it's time to get back to normal what ever that means!
Horoscopes just tell you what you want to hear.
Looks like the cowboy game is going to be a good one.
Naps are the best Sunday afternoon invention ever.
Glad you could make it tonight - it was a great night for a run, wasn't it?
Yes, and did like very much. Shocking when her parole officer killed himself.
Lol well this sucks
Holy crap. There's a lot of blood. Omg
I think I'm going to record some videos on how to use #kiddori. Not that it's needed, the app is super easy to use. But you never know.
Parking BAD
"In a storm with my Best Dress, FEARLESS" <U+2665>
yup... all 11 characters of it! I voted for #c21nh. Alas.
Just lovely! I'm still eating leftovers. And afraid to get on the scale.
COME IN AND SEE WHAT NEW AT CITY GEAR!!! 4443 CANE RUN ROAD
WORKOUT TIME!! INDUCED FEVER THIS IS ABOUT TO BE EPIC!
RT : RT Best of luck to DT at the next level.I know he will succeed.Appreciate everything he did to help me.
TONIGHT! We've got a great #FREE show with !! Doors at 7pm. Support #livemusic in #Cville!
cheers to following !
seems like you've been bitten by the kink bug .. enjoy the journey, there's lots to explore
Taranta's Chef Jose Duarte live today at 5:00 PM talking about Eco-friendly restaurants #Encuentro don't miss it!
I'm jealous of all the girls follows..
good girl. Send me one tonight! Haha.
Last days remember---Black Friday is days away -make sure your store's safe is ready.... Does the safe have a time lock? Do all the manage…
“Maybe home isn't a place. Maybe it's a feeling you have inside of you, being around the people who matter to you” Justin Somper
No Dark Shadows.
It was. Totally made me want to learn to be a cheese snob! ;)
Have a great time. Hope to meet at some pt!
Flying solo
So on #4 on the questions, do I need to outline everything in the Revolution, or just the major points??
Let us know how it went! Happy Friday!
what about Pittsburgh?
Celebration! New IMDB credit finally coming my way!!
last night it was me in 2 shots of whatever
If you are uying stocks for a short term profit you are onthe wrong side. The markit will reward the shorts. Seasion of the BEAR is here
All you Autism parents - YOUR KIDS R NEXT, if an adult with Autism self-advocate gets threatened by officials for self-advocating abt Autism
NOSOA: Directions in architecture are easy with a hist. of arch. and few reading: Jencks, Eisenman, W, L, K, H, V. B, M, G. and few more.
Happy that your campaign is off and running! Keep up the good work!
I love it. Men in ties. Yes.
Thanks for the shout out and for attending this months #smbmad we loved having you!
Confidence and happiness go hand in hand.
Thank you, Im going to reach my goal
The greatest trick the Devil ever pulled was convincing the world that he didn't exist
things are going well!
eeu! u.u
Revenge of the Nerds is still just as fun as when I first saw it
Give it up, Obama. It won't work.
thanks for the shoutout
Good luck -- make sure to get all your friends to vote!! :)
Thank you!
Holy hell that's a lot.
Somebody's been remodeling the Grafton Hotel in the heart of Grafton lately. Legend has it blues artists stayed there. But I doubt it.
watch out for Hughes springs freshman Blake Walker in a couple of years. He has a killer jump shot.
hey u how's Ur morning
Tryna get boston george and Diego money, stack it all up like Lego money
I want a 4-year-old... In like, 10 years.
Yes. I was born in 1961. I'm 50. My partner Robert is 55.
-high fives you back- Whoo!
and don't forget the 2012 Denver Golf Expo Feb 10-12..Thanks!
Watching the grammys
A lot of long faces in Boston. Looked bad for Pats now for B's and Celtics and the Red Sox don't seem real great either.
I feel as though I should apologize for the freezing weather here at #sem2011 At least it's going to be warmer on Saturday.
appreciate it! 2 more interviews with him coming this week!
thank you! Xo J
Singing and dancing at Texas Roadhouse
I think it's hilarious that little dogs think they can fuck up the bigger dogs haha
jesus. i hate when i text someone and they randomly stop texting.
LOL Had to grab one of those last night! The phrase, "Don't let the bed-bugs bite!" took on a whole new meaning! ;-)
Now I'm thinking that kevin probably should've served some time in juvee for attempted murder. By my count he has would be a free man by 17
Pimp Coffee
. I think the average sports fan is indifferent to geeky interests, which JUST PISSES ME OFF!! ;)
thank you. I will order later today.
New York nights Miami beach and some hollywood hoes
I stop give dam along time go
what's good, sir?!
I love you<3333
Great to hear and just reply to the email I sent you w/the info we need and we'll be excited to include you. Enjoy today!
I'm always so so so happy when someone buys my pieces. It says "Ash, I GET where you were going w/ this & I LIKE IT enough to wear it."
I'm so hurt
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you respect my space and can hang with my friends as a group too
Thx for the beginner insight and the link!
McCain working with Dems on SuperPACs is big, both legislatively and campaign-wise this yr. Romney may have to weigh in.
Is riding the unicorn, all the way to CRAZY TOWN. Anyone want to join?
in your voice: obviously.
Their is a positive voice & a negative voice. Go with the positive voice. It knows that you are great!
After you've clicked "open" click "details" (I agree this is ridiculous)
I need to tweet more
This is a great idea! I love what you have designed! Perfect for a compulsive list maker like me
Juan invokes Romney banning assault riffles in MA, get a mini-boo from some hard-on in the audience
": Tattoo my name on u so ik itz real or tattoo my name on u cuz u dum as hell" lol thats right
RT : If you are going to Taco Bell for a diet, you have a bigger problem than your weight.
At the movies with my girl
Wishing I was in FL with my mom for this special day! Thank you mommy for giving me life!
Super huge storm:(
I hate you -_____-
And YES it is an all PPI final at iSeriesLive Inaugural event!!! Too bad it's winner-take-all. Never a doubt in our 2 to get heads-up !!!
More exciting news Diversity Card Members! Lake Elsinore outlets offering a free VIP savings card.......
that looks so cozy! Happy new year.
thanks for inviting me to family dinner
NAMI San Diego wrote a book! "You never know what you are never told" Find out more about these meaningful stories on our website!
it going you know im doin okay so are you ready for Smackdown tonight
Maybe should use the refund from Mom's flowers order to buy something nice for The
Love and luck to former !!
Good morning, #wiunion. Show 'em what democracy looks like today! I shall be thinking of all of you! Photos, photos, photos, please? <3
That's probably true!! B & I are #ATT RT : Perhaps it's a carrier thing? I have
why at work tryna get hood like she gon pop off??? #wheretheydodatat??? Lol
Thanks to I have had a lovely morning sipping my coffee and reading book news.
Listening to some Starships to start off the drive home from St. George!!!
I like boyz who are ICONic ;)
Practice practice practice...
to mom: "do you have any ketchup packets that look at least 10-years old?" Condiment sachets invented by Heinz in 1968.
Holding your uniqueness in high regard is not "egotism". It's a necessary precondition to happiness and success. ~Bobbe Sommer
hey have fun in Puerto Rico and say hi to Ross 4 me please!!!! <3
Just found out my FHAO seminar stuff!! So exicited!
Who feels like shopping? Swing by #BkSq TODAY to say happy 1st birthday to - and shop to win prizes!
Helped a desperate patron find and print articles, offered to buy me lunch for my help.
Culture now sees walking a beat as punishment. Sad. Cars ruined everything. I'll tell you about a beat program in NY.
I just realized what this stuff business is...
#Jewelry or Watch Repair Services!
Yup, you can either laugh or cry right?! Hang in there!
Curious to know....do you run with or without music?
I literally just found out about that half an hour ago. I've been out all day.
how was work
Thank you & team for visiting the West Senior Wellness Center. Our seniors enjoyed meeting you!
Thanks, Dan, and happy #WW right back atcha!
I tried Rhon. More follows. Not going toilet it drive me crazy. As a guy……….darn!
I hate them al cuz you suck! <3
I'm @ the Nicholas Brendon panel. He kinda looks like Christopher Knight but he's very funny!
just played children
Looking for resources, readings about the online presence of subcultures. Anyone got anything?
Will there be any cancellation due to rain?
think there worth more than half the team? I think baseball contracts are ridiculous
having the same problem - unable to reg hotel for Anaheim, link goes to Dallas only
Alicia Keys' Son Is So Cute , Oh My God <3
Congrats Patriots. Giants, here we go!
It took me 2yrs of being single and self reflection to finally be ready for love again...
RT : Playing the #devlearn mobile app game? Enter code: elvis99 - It's now or never. Thank ya, thank ya very much.
Yeah, nothing seems appetizing at
Spent most of my morning talking guns, war, and football with my boss. I feel like I need to go do some pushups and eat a steak.
I'm right there with you. Adventures by Disney would be fabulous!!
Ladies, have fun continuing to be alone because your unrealistic expectations and demands do not even remotely resemble reality.
Just got the iPhone 4S :)
The Game is about to Start
Good point. But plenty of tech is ultimately used in ways beyond the original developers vision.
Hey it's only gonna be 80 today! Feels like a vacation from the heatwave!
But he's dark! :D
Advocates Thelma & Girija are talking about research participation at a booth at the #Parkinson's walk
That's right
can't get a listers, try harder
Nah. I'm good.
I just ran into a crush from High School :/
I am gonna tweet the fuck out of some Creed jokes when one of the members dies.
Great run today -- until the treadmill turned off.
Also, is taking place over my birthday weekend because OF COURSE IT IS.
if you need a laugh... I mean a big laugh... You need to check out DUCK SAUSE BIG BAD WOLF... Wow it's crazy.., please be 18+
Phil Mickelson is asking for the back way out of the
I recommend considering a 15 year mortgage if possible. Future economic life means being debt free is the new way to live. More later.
Nice running into this morning at the Shadyside 5K, borrowing his trumpet, and getting pics taken for his blog! Thanks!
Rondo wet his ass
“ ": ": loyalty skipped over this generation""”
Happy birthday I still love you!
Even the Saints cheerleaders are impressive.
no Dora I'm sorry :'/ swiper got away the sneak little fox but don't worry I sent the best guys to hunt him down =^__^=
More of this please. This is what we voted for. RT : "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama
oh man, I don't know. Imagine how W acts in 2002 if he doesn't have anything to play for and 5 years to burn
Love this concept for an office or meditation room!
I make all my beats with a large amount of bass
Xoxo !!! No new pics of W today, I'm kinda bummed out about that.
Free Google Local Map listing with each new website, up to 2 pages. Contact us at (949) 407-6253
Ha, good advice ;) I have some local contacts in various local religious communities, I'll probably just end up asking them
chip carey gets over exited bout routine shit……damn lets go
Cotto was born to be a WINNA
Revenge, like crabcakes, are best served cold.
Physics is boring D;
*Waves finger on peanuts* RT : Mutombo on my flight to Atlanta. Says "praying" Patrick gets head job this summer.
Smoke good, eat good, live good.
": let's go to build-a-bear!" never grow up gentlemen. Never grow up
that happened to me last night!!
Can't wait!
I honestly have no clue someone trying to be like gossip girl
RT : OK wow, definitely another highlight. #Yahoo is doing great stuff here. What a pitty that the ontology is internal ;-)
Where and how did i dump u na?? :(
A guy in the back of a taxi just rolled down his window on Mopac and yelled to ask if I had any pot to throw him from my own moving car.
It's actually a little terrifying... what did I say?!?!
scratch that... I googled it and it starts may 19th... I'm not home... What about the Jordanstown one
I bought it middle of last May. So you've still got a few months left on the initial apple warranty.
Aaron Rodgers is the smartest person on earth
50 firsts dates in my pants
Ariana likes big fat juicy cock
you are a thug!
Go #OldSchool and buy a paper on Friday... Q&A with electronica darlings written by ! Also, guerrilla campaign in the works!
fine! go the fuck ahead! by the time you'll reach delhi, the plate will be kept absolutely clean for ya!
Well, at least that's how my conception of it is forming. Certainly the voting public is equivalent to a WWE crowd.
Twitter redesign?! It's okay; it's cleaner looking, and I use Hootsuite anyway.
“: the best thing I ever ate was Indian food at New Delhi restaurant in west Philadelphia. Apple pie by? Chima's..
Absolutely! RT I have a belly button. RT plz
I like to call this weekend the calm before the storm... Donor events begin next Thursday and I won't be free until July 1st
I saw your tweet about who the baby is gonna look like. Usually the first one either looks like the dad or a mixture of both.
I need shoes for my dress
Ooh, and a minor in Applied Developmental Psychology! I r smart.
Happy Mother's Day!
Last week: dude on the bus with a surfboard. This week: dude on the bus with a keyboard.
don't let "maybe next time" suffice as an answer to a request to share an experience.
just wondering do you know who glozell is?!
Happy mothers day!
Auditing an acting class. Never seen so many beautiful people in hipster glasses in one room before.
we have reached about 100 tweets!!!
I got there too late. Congrats!
Social media backlash trending topic ---> "Dear Netflix"
cannot sleep.
Way to go!! *cheering loud and proud!* Great job. I cant wait to read it.
are you thinking about going? Could be interesting :)
I think Gaga would allow that, among many other vices...
thanks much for the #CollabDNA kudos, Jamie. Releasing in days. Excited :)
He wrote the book on being Born Digital. speaks with us at the virtual summit on ebooks on 10/12
That's yo girl at them bus stop
so glad you made it and loved that dress you had on!
m hm! lol
Some situations don't end without closure
Time to take #Nova out while we still have a lead.
Recipes from &#39;20 Second Fitness Food Guide&#39;
well i had a great day (:
.csv + #Python > Excel.
RT : If your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt. ~Henry J. Kaiser
It was great to see you!
Missouri Chamber of Commerce testifies in support of HB 1228.
FYI, we have all beef AND Chicken Gyros! Your Choice, 5 dollars.
": P.S. For fantasy soccer I can only have 1-2 Sporting players... so. Any help on my forwards? Please?" David Ferra from FCD
@ AAlcondez ... Hello Edel... You are Welcome, My Pleasure... Greetings from California, USA
thanks Derek!
Something I've been thinking about: skyping faculty in to my table via laptop when out recruiting.
This time she blogged unnumbered thousands
#Orioles win!! with the clutch hit as always and a badass bullpen performance.
when someone crop dusts you on the way up the subway stairs
HELP! I was looking at your new promotion and it disabled my account settings and reset me to the Free account level. Urgent!
Got a Twitter ? Follow our tweets at
Hot Mexican food on a cold day, nothing beats it!
Ya and u stuck ur face in my convo e devon. STOP TALKING TO ME. IVE WASTED MY TIME ALREADY TALKING TO U.
did you message him? I'd totally drive down. Defs come for graduation, my family owns several flasks...ALSO IT WILL BE SO FUN
When voting for prep school cheerleaders, Republicans whisper "not gay not gay," careful to keep their tears from smearing the ballot.
How did I get this drunk?
Sounds like a foreign language: & talking about recording.
yeah OMG (: how you been?
Teaching you things like learning how to better manage your cash flow, I'm sure. OK, noon on Sat and Sun, every other day is work.
RT : Apple scrubs old Leopards of Flashback Trojan infections - Security airdrop saves legacy fanbois from nasties Apple ......
Zingers and ho-ho's in the vending machine!!! ;( Oh how I want one!!! Bad!!!
Undoubtedly. I want some!
Japonica on 100 Univ. place is truly my favorite sushi place in NY so far
Really looking forward to getting Veranda book in my hands & in the shop!
Definitely a helpful social media session. Good to get down to the nitty gritty of how to build a great campaign.
That looks perfect.
twitter world plz stop sending me messages at these crazy hours! ur lucky im kimbeezy =P *->BaByDoLL<-*
Dear student: Do I "round up"? Your math skills rival your snarkology skills, I see.
My mom bought me something the first in like 6months
A little warmer today with a high of 56°F. Do you like riding in mud? Our mountain #bikes sure do! Rode on!
best ink.. watch it on oxygen fall 2011!
I'll enjoy it for ya.
If your reading this right now ..... Your beautiful/handsome/SO incredible your capable of being you and not let anyone stop you <3 <3
u make funny jokes
Think about Valentine's Day love when you can. Tomorrow night is full, but a romantic lunch is available - and other nights!
Nice, great win!
The Dec 2011 issue of American Journal of Nursing published an article on a pilot study on the capability of bacteria to be transferred...
Amazing time last night @ Schubas. We met some very cool people and shared the stage w/ The Parlotones & Xylos. Sold out show made it tops!
I don't think you know how this works
Thanks for the RT! One store down, thousands to go. :-)
I was so thinking that these guys I watch and JO to, were robots! Not aliens, this ruins everything! SHIT!
Thou roll it thou smoketh away
Just because you can doesn't always mean that you should.
at least get a life guard
I was at first, but it's pretty awesome the way he left such an impact!
That's gotta flagrant!
too late; Tyrone Jones will be giving you a call sometime
There is so much order in this city.....I am in search of some chaos....where to find it?
Knowledge has limits, Imagination is Boundless!
Great crowd on 17 today for What an atmosphere!
#WhatHurtsTheMost is that Austin is moving to Miami!
Well this would certainly improve my mood considerably, thank you.
Come see one of the best lash men in the D...Magnificent J at Smashin' Lashes Couture Eye Studio specializing in natural & unique lash looks
Was running late to class and thought I'd break out the old skateboard....on time but never again. Ever.
Super sick. This blows...
In GOP debate, current US Senator DeMint just said that "the President and Congress" overspend. Does he realize that he's *in* Congress?
No tweeps at the #Marlins game????
Just listened to interesting talk from Jonathan Alexander from UC-Irvine. Very much in line w/ Texts&Technology.
Just landed in DFW. My flight Indy took off 5 minutes ago.
Bruce Wyman on interactity & digital strategy. #me2012 Great! Expect people to access your content on personalized devices in many forms.
Have you discovered yet? Pretty interesting model that may have a place in your book. Happy 2012!
#the smiths - jeane - such a sad song:(
Working on some tunes for a big commercial placement tonight
Still up
looking for female bartenders if you know any...
Tired of seeing former coworkers claim to be email and social experts with 2 or less years experience. Experts are developed over time!
That's what she said.
Hey Brian! How's it going?
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
would that be manager?
Seriously. Pirates rule the school.
D00D!!! Your probably IJustine's favorite subscriber by now??
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> yikes.. I've been in T Hawk world lol Congrats!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089> Definitely gotta catch up.. Where you livin?
Where the hoop spots at today
Most of the shadows of this life are caused by standing in one's own sunshine. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
what did ya do? ;)
Good thoughts... will comment after classes tonight.
You never get over your first love.
Ugh This is driving me CRAZY.!!!
Thanks for the RT !
Bowlin later on wit and twitterless Greg
Busy weekend coming up w/ yours truly + Fri & Sat
Racing to the bakery. They left a ransom voicemail about my hostage lamb cake.
Most girls say they want a "good guy", but when they meet him, they keep him in the friend zone, chase after jerks & end up heartbroken.
Lol * i tweaked on that last tweet
hello ladies and Gerry!
Just want U to know-my hubby brought a bottle of champagne to celebrate your victory! That's how confident we are!
It's going to b a great day for a race! Can't wait to see everyone out at #AuditoriumShores!
The next $10 I get will be spent on seeing the movie again. Seriously.
Jessica... I will never sound like Anthony. Trust me
Absolutely loved we own the night tour <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> now time for me to go to sleep night night
He did pardon not one, but two turkeys one Thanksgiving. That's something.
Glad "Semper Fi" is trending today, ~ Happy 236th Birthday Marines!
Feraim is such a jerk!
yo-i got sum beats dat u would sound gd on my g,wuts ur email?
yup..dont get it. Yuck.
#favouritelyric Are you opposed to having fun? You clench the world between your buns
Welcome, Dr. Concorde.
: is hungry. Wasabi Soy Chicken Wings...is it time for dinner service yet?
ELTON JOHN IS AMAZING.
Knee's injured...
Anthony Kiedis can put his shirt back on...he's down to a two pack....when the 8 pack is back, maybe...a little muffin top in back too!
OMG I was looking at the west side story yesterday it was so sad :(
That might be closer to what is talking about? critical immersion as game-prostheses?
I've seen them way too many times now :/
I'm going to wager that it's not different at all. In fact, most LA 'actors' have other jobs. ;)
My friends throwing me a surprise birthday party... She's defeating the purpose of calling it a SURPRISE! Haha
god wants your relationship with Jesus to be as easy as breathing.
Because he wrote about it a few weeks ago. (or was that rhetorical?)
RT : It's the weekend! All of today's responsibilities become Monday's problem!
where are you tomorrow?
Decided that 2012 will be the year of vacations.
awww now i feel special thanks
aw that sweet lol I love ME too
Hahaha manny its true
Drama, drama, drama. Stop fucking involving me!
what do u want?
my mom is my
up bored
Men are like coffee... The best ones are rich, hot and keep you up all night!
You gain some You lose some. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
So many women want a man to save them.. A man did save you, 2,000 years ago, on the cross.
Fun opportunity! RT : Who wants to go to tonight's on the campus of George Mason Univ thanks to !
is totally right about SYTYCD. I don't get the love for Ryan. I think Ballroom needed another week!
Are you a Bears fan? We are! Glad to find
seriously? #thegleeproject got it totally wrong tonight. Alex should be GONE. he is so annoying. McKynleigh was incredible!!!! love her!!!!!
Saltines are now made with sea salt. Well, well, aren't we fancy?
U STILL THERE?
Michi lowkey almost made me bring out Shakey-Fast
Street signs and stop lights. That's the only thing ill miss when I leave.
"Sorry we are Both Pretty!"
Finally SNL made fun of Dr. Oz, that took forever.
RT : #klout there's good bad & hope they can get it right. ://zite.to/JMGrmB spot on article.
O. This movie looks good.
Tiger's game with Liz & her team after school tmrw :)
yea me too I think that'd be pretty awesome
Thanks man... but I have a question ;)
I'm from the big Alvaton..it's between bowling green and scottsville!
what's wrong Sis?
They say there are no regrets in life, only lessons. Well, I can say w/o question that I am a certifiable GENIUS!
Unfortunately, I am not familiar with security situation in Liberia. But I am sure I can rough it in a Bob Johnson hotel.
great idea.
Deals of a lifetime at www.allsportsshopping.com. UGGS available at a discount price.
RT The moon let out is ratchett!
Starbuck's iced green tea with a splash of lemonade, Elvis and my iPad...not bad.
#thingswelearnedontwitter What Justin Bieber is doing. What Justin Bieber's fans think of what he's doing. That today is Wednesday
#BELIEVE im so gon buy it.,,
I wanna go see the Avengers at midnight!
I done came down, hollup... <U+2601><U+270B>
i lost my freakin glasses .. Ticked
Feels good to be a #Spartan !!
I'm ready to get ready. But not just yet.
Neighbor??? Gulp... um hey we moved last night... so must be a different neighbor. :)
agreed ": Huge pet peeve:: club or djing promos with a random track playing over shots of somebody djing"
Do something amazing this weekend.
Diving Great Barrier Reef: 1 big check on my bucket list. The Reef life is awesome and incredible, I hope we can preserve it for future gens
Hey is city funding CCDC and CCDC funding Run Ed Run not taxpayer funded campaigns? Just curious.
Age and experience appear to work against boomers seeking second careers. Employers say salary and benefit expectations too costly.
On Wizards of Waverly Place, Selena's brother is named Justin and her dad is named Jerry. Coincidence huh?
Nelson-Denny! Nelson-Denny! Nelson- Denny! (Hm...can you guess what's up for revision around here?) Let us know if you're interested!
no kidding! I totally agree. Next Thursday it is on, sister!!
She no she to damn to be sitting on sumbody lap hair spray
LOL. At least he knew there werent 57 states in the Union and you don't pronounce the "s" in the word Corps.
thank you sir
Hi! Let me check :) RT : Hey! Rosie O'Donnell says she got her glasses here...can you tell me the make & model?
Jogging. Loving it.
PARENTS I BEG YOU JOIN US AS WE GO AFTER THIS ORGANIZATION!!
Nuggets aren't Dead yet
Tuesday is 1/2 price bread day at the Bakehouse! Hope to see you there!
nice chat with and at the end of the nite! Next time, Chuck, gotta ride a ferry or at least the water taxi!
where! In the dark alleys?
-_______- jerk! So are you still bringing my surprise tomorrow? And my hoodie?
- Manager of Safety Alex Martinez said a lot more than that about Rosenthal's remarks about DPD. Report the whole story...
I know, right. How have you been?
It's cruisin' time! Sandy Beaches Cruise 17 sets sail this afternoon. We'll be back in a week!!
We appreciate all of you who follow Poised Creation in Tulsa!
Tonight's show, for those who can't be there, can be seen live on www.iband.com :)
congrats Anson! I only got 5 more days of high school left!
I got a terrible headache, going to bed soon..
but seriously... is it possible to find peeps anywhere this time of year? surely there is some stale stock on some grocery shelf out there
where did you get the infrared jersey/shirt?
Congratulations to this one and only for being elected as the next President of APO! So excited for you girlie.
When people assume things and then get mad when.they are moded.<<<<<
Yes, but not now - on the phone.
its cool I got someone to cover me. But idk what the schedule is yet.
Nice. finish strong! Pain is only temporary..
At #pattiswedding w
I love how, i’m pretty bitchy, and you can do better than me, but you chose me(; I Love You <3
Saw Sundance Institute reading of Diane Bell's Stem! Great writing, great reading.
I love how you say that with your boyfriend tagged in it. Lmao. But leave it up to me we'll find him
We're having a party @ Wadsworth booth 101 @ 1:30PM tomorrow! Celebrate the 70th anniversary of The Hodges Harbrace Handbook with us!
When girls think it's attractive to wear there boobs up to there chin so they get likes on there pictures . #slut !
The key to success don t get tired of doing the right thing you will reap at the proper time if you don t give up !!
lol yall are funny. That's good yall are enjoying it while it lasts. Bed time for us though.
Never wanted to hit anyone more than that boy, right now..
Tailgate season is upon us. The girls are meeting at Cath's at 5 PM. Plan accordingly. BYOBJ. The BJ stands for Beyonce Jams duh.
Boomer Jr and Stedman are wearing their matching sweaters from hip doggie
Illusion never changed into something real *
yup. Maybe we should have an on campus reunion only? Lol! I'm following all you guys.
Won a huge pot when guy got it in vs me on flop for like 15k a piece, my pair + overs + nfd and backdoors greater than his 2nfd and overpair
i actually did understand that!
Also, I'm always available for conferences, guest-posts, and the like. Glad you liked my post.
Steve Stricker just birdied 17 to get into red numbers. -1.
It is very difficult for many drivers to understand the impressive beam coming out of the Lincoln Xenon Bulbs fixed to cars
it seems like the perfect time for one.
we ain't scared of the thunder bro
quick question...who do you have access to in the GOP? I want to leverage it.
He hung up on me =/
Thanks for the valuable social media insight this morning !
Whose having his 81st B-day on Thursday? Who is having a 1 day sale in his honor?
motto now is Never to excel!
I'm hungry again.......lol
Indeed. Ever thought of portraying her? I can see it!
Sharon is figuring out Twitter!
Nope dickhead if you had a socal life i guess you would understand...RRRATCHETZZ!!!
what are YOU #grateful for today? Share it with me
I can love you more than this...
Ryan's a true talent.
Twit casting from the midtown #flipburger in Atlanta
Just completed live interview on BBC radio re Latino vote in CA & USA
ah lol .. i guess ! You gonna buy me it?
Is he injured yet? RT : Louis Saha on Newsnight
yeah I was there sitting stage right toward the back.
I can try but she rarely sees my tweets and we are on diff timezones so she should be asleep right now.
5 hours of vodka...what was I thinking? Happy 21st haha. RT : hahahahha enjoyed the party a bit too much :)
oh.. haha. I passed out before I got it..
um yeah condoms in porn is prob the worst idea ever thanks alot government skeet skeet
Bahaha Oh so true!! RT : Kobe Bryant — No respect for women or ligaments...
i got one too, just delete them, it happens sometimes.
Dispatch from behind-the-scenes: Mark Bishop makes us smile before EVERY Saturday show, how? Dance moves during his camera check!
5 People said They Facebook Aint Working (: Neither is mines Tho'
Reality check.
he just fits Green Bay doesnt he?
whoops... sp *dagger
#thatawkwardmoment when the person next to you has been staring at you for 10 minutes and you catch them but they don't stop staring!
I got to do a lil bit of everything today <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> scan tickets, break ppl & press level... Great day at work <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> towards the end was intense <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
tell Jim to update the weather whiteboard...radar!!!!
I'm sorry, Mr. Dentist, I can't wear my retainer this evening because it interferes with FILLING MY GAPING MAW. I'm like a baby bird.
I'm turning 16 in three months... Everyone should be worried. (;
send me a email in a couple of days and i will give y my cell # thru email..
I hate being lonely :/
Tweetdeck desktop client allows for scheduling of tweets It doesn't have Hootsuite's nice preview feature for FB posts though.
As wild as it might sound, guys need hugs and security. So do big ones.
i heard you're coming to my neck of the woods... =/
Thanks everyone who came out to tonight's show! Didn't expect such a nice, patient audience in Midtown West.
idk i wanted to come to nana b day party
Late Night Snack Kashi Chicken Rustico Pocket Bread Sandwich, Amy’s Bean & Cheese Nacho Snacks, Ben & Jerry’s Chocolate Fudge Brownie Cup
If I played wit it wld u join me or just watch?
My hair is gone Yayyy!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087> I'm so glad I donated it to a worthy cause!(:
Not sure it's drama they are adding, but it's still an awesome idea.
hi my email is thanks
#nowplaying kings of leon
Finalize your goals this week. Get a plan and stick to it so you can take over the world!
thank you. See you at the release tonight?
lmao I guess I'm just used to it cause I've had so many blood tests lol she was triiippiinnnn. And the red head too!
Hearing lots about new desktop roll-outs. Win7 and Office 2010, and virtualization for some, happening for a lot of firms this year.
Great Voice! Glad you posted it.
We'll be performing in the "Super Serious Show" on Thursday, January 20th @ Smashbox Studios in Culver City! 8pm!
Oh ok, that must have been why you were on that list. Sorry again!
I think it's great that peeps r so worked up abt the killin of #TroyDavis, but he wsnt the only 1 killed yesterday. Do you care about them?
if u watch a video of me masturbating in reverse its about a satisfied man who injects a milky substance in his penis becoming sad n lonely
Hired by to develop online/offline LGBT outreach program to make the game more open & accepting place for out players & fans.
Sheldon W. Boyce is being honored this week by the NY State Bar as an Empire State Counsel for his outstanding pro-bono service last year.
To look different go for personalized T-shirts
go eagles!
Getting a sneak at the new CW shows = Arrow, Emily Owens MD, and Beauty & The Beast all look solid / checking out The Carrie Diaries now
How Exercise Can Prime the Brain for Addiction
How do you feel about the #occupySFSU camp that has formed in front of Cesar Chavez? We want to know what you think about it!
Now I'm feelin' so flyy like a G6:)
yeah it's a shame it doesn't have that special "something". Hangouts as standalone feature is killer though.
YOU ARE NOT ALOUD TO LEAVE
the fact that the body can create glucose is likely more of a testament to the fact that it needs it more than that's it's
That moment when you want to come back to buffalo! I haven't seen them since the rise and fall of my pants tour
By Kate Callahan In his first interview since Whitney Houston’s death, her ex-husband Bobby Brown spoke to Matt Lauer of
Bracing myself for the new fb timeline.
Wow, way to go Green Bay D. That Indy score took all of barely over 30 seconds.
yeah maybe. Only $135 to replace it, surprisingly.
Day 1 at dog show over. Tomorrow will be different.
#hershey? There's something that creeps me about people made of chocolate. And you want me to buy then eat this stuff!
Horse show on Mothers Day
but some of the cutest too!!!!
dm me email addy for longer format.
Don't be afraid of the space between your dreams and reality. If you can dream it, you can make it so. Belva Davis
u r dumb AF
That's a new one, we'll check it out! Thanks!
um how about a card with money Lmao
There's a pizza place near where I live that sells only slices
Looking for subject area Tweeters to connect with my new teacher Tweeters
I haven't drank gin in a while ima drink that.
That moment when I don't care about gaining any new followers! I used to loovvee #twitter smh! *shrugs*
Hey, , check the stack of magazines on 's desk. Some nice photographic material, if you know what I mean.
party tonight
Asking Brooke to keep a secret from hope is a mistake, Liam. It's gonna blow up in both of y'all's faces~
Worth a follow!
Congrats, on winning a free Unify license. Sorry we got that wrong last time.
Yo Bo, got any veggie dogs today?
Emily its 10 o clock. We have school tomorrow. Why are you here.
...and 5. You're too happy to care about the numerical order of numbers.
. why is the nextbus tracking so inconsistent for the H1? It's made me late times this wk - headed to & from wk. Any tips?
Honestly? Because they want to be economists.
Happy hour is going on right now!!
Suter was the one undressed by Datsyuk though... not Klein
Yes! RT Interesting question about the role of Apple in vetting medical apps before they get to the store
Warm e'm up just right.Slide into 1st gear....and start your weekend!!! Be safe and ride until the tires fall off... Ken and baby Daisha
Player Development 101: A leader on a team makes others around them better. A leader inspires others 2 play harder. A leader lifts others up
This pastor just spelled out bitch..
Diet coke from McDonalds has to be one of my favorite things for real. After gymnastics I am to thirsty!
I am a PureData fiend.
What are your options if your Service Animal becomes injured, sick, or dies?
IMHO Unless the whole team slows down, Shaq wont be able to keep the pace. And if he keeps the pace he won't play regularly.
Michael Vick met with youth humane society, his message train your dogs to fight, opps did I say that,I meant Dog Fighting is bad ummkay!!
tis the season to be jolly!
yes things happen, true. Hehe ur cool to talk to.
Need a breakfast partner for Sunday. I got ditched yet again. LA, you can bite the big one.
Exactly. And that's why I cannot get married or have kids.
looks yummy :)
Oh, Vampire Diaries. I was expecting that ending and still got a little misty-eyed.
The variation probably reflects debate over 'standard' Yiddish (ie Lithuanian) and spoken Yiddish (not Lith.)
ROTFLMAO! If the Goddess wanted me to cook my own Mother's Day dinner she wouldn't have invented take-out. :)
swear to god this is a #truestory.. they said my travel and expenses will be paid for.
Wait they abolished common-law marriage? That nullifies 3/4 of the marriages in NC.
Making salsa with fresh peppers from garden
where'd the leaves go? well, at least it's supposed to be 61 F this weekend.
A non-harrowing tale in which popular music journos who know nothing about how music is composed act like authorities on the subject
Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!!!!!
What's on your #RECon12 checklist? I hope you all bring plenty of water and comfy shoes.
You need to check these guys out, , awesome videos: www.youtube.com/pwnisher
I saw a werewolf drinking a piña colada at Trader Vic's. His hair was perfect.
are you opening for brunch/lunch on Monday?
I love life
Delivering a bunch of R5 tickets tomorrow, so get in touch with me if you want some! :)
and the already crowded 517 is going to be fun, too. :(
Speaking of #DoDIIS12, you can find us in booth 723. If you're here in Denver stop by and say hello.
Big Campaign to lift off tomorrow......stay tuned. Lots of press on Highland Solutions, and coming your way.
Another day over, time to go home and relax.
To support my beloved Sounders all the way to the MLS Cup My soccer resolution in 2012 is ______________.
We garnish our bloody marys with a slice of pizza. BAM!
I can't wait for Sonny and Tea to snarl at each other in Spanish!
chech out my last tweet.
"To dream a dog is eating a snake means a friend is trying to stop you from making a bad decision." Like drinking pickle juice b4 bed.
I want you. I want you here with me right now. I want to talk to you. I want to be with you. I want to hug you. I just want you. <U+2665>
should really start talking to cute boys who smile at her on the train.
Youth Council wants to know...What does leadership mean to you?
well the movie really never gets anywhere, everyone slowly becomes worse, and immature. and ^^
Registration is being delayed until lunch. Please start enjoying morning refreshments & conference will start AT 9:00.
No, it was at St. Joe Road. But the mega-Kroger might be a good bet.
It's almost time for the 2-Day Sale!!!! Who's ready for the weekend?? :)
our weekend was still better... :)
Ellis and Jennings will be fun to watch and they'll score points in bunches, but does it change what they are? 7 or 8 seed, 1st rd exit?
Websites increase customer referrals. A website address is much easier to remember than a telephone number. Get your website today!...
gotcha on bbm :)!
At the gym working out
of course it's
Last time Newcastle won at Stamford Bridge, I wasn't alive!! Huge win for the Magpies!
Thanks for the follow! Where can I find the track you promoted at ?
Red Sox may have finally found their stud shortstop. Mike Aviles is a beast. Gammon's says he has chip on shoulder like Pedroia.
Hi Luke and Aaron! Thanks for joining me here! You rock :)
Guys wanna see one side of the CEO badge this year? I've been working on stuff all night for ceo lol.
I didn't lose any followers #ShoutOut to yall cause yall know this talking shit is just for fun
i don't know we can ask tmmw though!!
u ok?
editing tumblr is hard! so my friend is doing it for me
This is by far the worst madea I've ever watched.
ALL #DBoys and Money Makers if you need to clean that paper by turning it into a #MoneyMachine I am your 1 stop shop for investment advice!
i hope #oomf doesn't think that i was talking about her in my last tweet. O_O
Just arrived at Dulles to be picked up in a Mercedes.
Ellen Gray: Niecy Nash, Ryan Seacrest and the showbiz crush IF YOU WANT something done, they say, you should ask the busiest person you k
Jim Davis is at olive garden. First time I've ever scene anyone order a 100 dollar bottle of wine in Muncie
Thanks for having me judge #5MinuteFiction! It was tough to narrow it down to five! Good luck to everyone and keep writing!
Nice talking with you for a bit today in the dressing room at The Roxy. Thanks for your words of encouragement.
Who me? threaten U Never!!! Just have a difference of opinion about MJ. Challenge me some more I luv it. See ya!
When you work hard it can seem others are not working AS hard. But be careful to judge this, as you are focused on your work not theirs.
For the next 24 hours, im only talking in #arresteddevelopment quotes...
So anyone going to Wisconsin Dells this summer? I wanna meet some of you haha im going in july! :))
thank you for the RT Hope you can make it...
I watched you change, what hurt the most though is I could've been there to stop it...
not sure ! After it played the guy said he will have to play it again lol
Give Your Children What They Need! Tips for the right
was so inspired by #TEDxUSC and can't wait to put all the great ideas into action
Campbell's Soup is now advertising their product as "farm grown." As opposed to what...mined? Found at the side of the road?
Thanks! Life feels better when you can afford to buy food and stuff.
Love ya Melissa! :)
Just had dinner @ Lilette in Nola. Lovely.
On line for Never Shout Never. :D
I feel happy just looking at them, let alone using them #HappyEarlyMothersDay to me thx to
CLS approved on consent agenda, no questions.
learned InDesign trick-use select tool to resize box of linked item so part is hidden then click magic button to resize to fit-new to me :)
Someone is finally looking at our house... Hopefully they buy it
My after school "tutoring"= passenger seat during street races,learned about transmissions,and got a tour of his house (:
Kick Shimmy Bitch Please !! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Hello, Nancy Jo! Hope to see you at #TXLA12!!
You're welcome!!
Want a free year-long Friends of the Festival membership? Volunteer to help out with Tent Village tear-down (Mon 5/7 AM & early afternoon)!!
Heading up to to check out
I&#39;m not going to lie, if a book has a bad cover and involves werewolves, I&#39;m not going to read it.
so fucking annoyed. was supposed to be flying to albuqeruque today.
Every new year we say we goin to do better than last Not me I'm goin to b the same just better, stronger and louder! I'm not wit the BS 2012
Congratulations on Kobe becoming the youngest NBA player to score 28,000 points
Playing Just Dance with the fam
Oh, sorry, but u's gonna do it? Sorry but noone else has id think so at least
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 47
annyeonghaseyo! thank u for following me
Hey Lady! You won! thanks for being such a supportive follower! :)
Thanks for the tweet!
Think about it: we are the company we keep.
he looks super happy to see you.
Highlight of his NBA career RT LANCE STEPHENSON GOT SOME AIR TIME ON ESPN FOR MOCKING LEBRON HAHA!!
One of our favorite things is when people put two and two together on that one. It was a joke that stuck :)
i was just thinking, you should try to write for Newsday!
rude, but whats up
Thank you so much! So glad you all enjoyed!!! ": Congrats on Craigslist: The Play! It was fabulous :)"
debating on going to sandusky late tonight
R.I.P Thomas Kinkade absolutely loved your work!
always appreciate 's reporting coverage..and he's on it full blast with comprehensive analysis of
I want a new twitter name. Suggestions?
There's a funny line between wanting to and being persuaded to.
I think that would be breaking without even bending
Can't beat that loved it it looks really cool! :D
I PRAY & HOPE WE CAN GET IN CONTACT SOON REACH FAM, I'M A YOUNG SERVANT FOR THE LORD WIT D.O.C. JUST WANTING TO BUILD THAT'S ALL.NO CATCH.
he really has too, i can attest to that
No adult supervision for me today! :)
Shootin some footy for a lilbitta "Everywhere and Back" video this weekend. What's good ??
Good Morning (:
Jeans day.
#Athletics are front runners to sign Inge. I could see that coming a million miles away. Lol
Fuck love, I'm tired of trying.
winter storm warning in the end of april? Fuck this, mother nature hates us.
I slam dunk in that pussy, Blake Griffin that hoe
WHAAT?! You're coming to the baptism?! I had no idea!!
Congratulations to the Boone County Rebels. Great season! Keep your heads up! Look forward to covering you next season
Smith-Rowsey: on Smartphones in Activism - slacktivism/clicktivism as narrative of Iran's 09 Green Movement
Good Luck & UWW Basketball at the #DIIIFinalFour !
Made it to wv, finally. Senator Manchin was on my flight!
$5 to the first person who can give me 3 good reasons to follow
Children's talent to endure stems from their ignorance of alternatives.
Yes, but it is likely these "spotlights" work the same in humans.
81% of population voted in France. Be nice if we took our democracy serious enough to vote in such numbers. #VOTE2012 via
Thank you!! I really appreciate it.
im so dramatic
The EP will be on iTunes within two days!!!! Stay tuned :D
Good to see you, Dude RT : Great lunch with some of my former peeps, & good catching up with
Just sayin'...this weekend's dance party involves a lot of spandex ;) I'm starving myself in preparation.
UGH YOU'RE RUINING MY LIFE
That's #feelingyou!
Subscribe to my facebook (randi stewart)
"Happy New Year Australia"
Leon Russell a couple tables down from us at Chappy's Restaurant tonight.
Need to upgrade your technology? Come to SECCA's opening Nov. 3 from 7-10pm to enter a free drawing for an iPad. Kudos to ComputerTree.
I guess The Garden didn't have enough energy that they can feed off of!! I just don't understand it.
And they said Illinois isn't an NFL factory...
Who changed my Twitter... don't like it one bit... you finally get used to one, and they change it again!!!
Whats the difference between a chimichanga and an enchilada?
We're having a private new car showing Thursday 6-9pm. Catered, live music, sweet cars! Would you like to come?
lucky you :\ sampan rabu :(
Let the groveling, genuflecting, supplicating and ring-kissing begin! RT We're hoping to begin scheduling interviews next week.
Business professor: "If your technology isn't working for you, physically threaten your computer and your problem should be solved"
Good morning Tweeples! Today is the day you place that order - printed tees from $3.99 - embroidered polos from $9.99
CALL ME ASAP!!!! ITS AN EMERGENCY
Cool, if Bennett does really well, maybe I can pull a handcuff off, lol
RT : Demonstration for students continues-all please retweet to teach students measurement of online influence in marketi ...
that breakfast change actually sounds pretty good
it would make my week if you followed mee! but if you don't its all good :/
Denial. First stage to realizing you have an addiction.
I am deprived of food.
its going good man thanks. Yeah things are rolling so we will see how it goes you know?
I cant sleep for nothing
God im bored might read a book...woah steady now Im not that bored
that's bull. Everyone knows he's the best. He's got the footwork of an NFL wide receiver.
Done deal “: I don't know if it's possible, but could you people conduct the psychopath convention down the hall?
Wish me good luck guys.... School starts tomorrow.... :,(
Start button - Run - type "msconfig" and on the Startup tab, uncheck the programs you don't want to start automatically
always nice to just chill and lay around wiff the girlfrand:)
Tye Dying with my best friend tomorrow!
IGNORANCE IS BLISS
bosh out? this is what's gonna happen...lebron is gonna start jacking up shots, he's gonna make some of them & the pacers will take game 1
"We Are.." because You Were Joe....Rest peacefully Coach...
I see yo ass on my tl once n a red sky
thank you! And I followed :)
Taking control of things that are bothering me a lot more lately- now if there were just a remedy for how bad I tweaked my back & ankle
I was watching the public access channel for an hour before I realized it was MTV.
Can someone explain to me why people in the south don't take care of their lawns?
im on my phone. Textmeee.
counting time down until I get off!
Great Alumni brunch at Annenberg Beach House! Nice morning/afternoon with great people!
RT : Books of the Week: "The Divorced Lady's Companion to Living in Italy" by &
oh no an event where LOL is totally inappropriate!! we should have broke it to him sooner!
Tuna is a great idea!
It's take seconds to hello...it takes forever to say good bye
Thanks for your support!! RT Support : a museum that tells the story of all the different nationalities in America
Well here goes all the tweets about Danica crashing
Pain is temporary. It may last a minute, or an hour, or a day, or a year, but eventually it will subside and something else will take its...
I see you "doe"
Serenity Saturday @ the Farm Associated Collective...Receive free meds all day with minimum donation.
making me think of Wendy Chun's piece on Software and Visual Knowledge & how we mistake the interface for the technology.
Haha. Ignore my moon tweet and go see The Avengers! I saw it this afternoon, and it was FANTASTIC! :)
lmao!!! Maybe. Someone tried to shimmy their way into pants that were too small and pissed. Haha
Same! Well, sometime between mid-summer to early fall. I'm moving from KS and am looking for a roomie as well.
Happy birthday Jen!
hey there, fyi your in-studio mic is on and we can hear you under songs...
Trimet lift drivers on their way to settling a contract
Little G Man is calling me a butt today. The circle is now complete.
just terrible basketball. there was plenty of time to patient and not take bad shots. oh well.
good luck!!
is my new favorite singer.
It's encoding as I type.
Thanks for following Doc. Look forward to reading your updates as well.
Ditto. Too much knee pain for me. Still doing PT. Next year definitely! I want to do the rock & roll half.
Not building software at the moment; wrastlin' with Ubuntu's Unity Launcher and probably having more fun than you! :p
When we are present in each moment, the past gently rolls up behind us and the future slowly unravels before us
You're legit! RT : Your shit is legit
next time im in san diego...we better hang out...its been how many years??? RIDICULOUS lol
same to you! :)
Yeah...Pretty lovely beard he had going there.
#sslive Decide which knowledge workers are critical to the business' success. Focus on those segments/domains.
I write sins not tragedies:)
Yo if you're trying to buy tickets for my show May 27th, hmu and let me know. Tickets are 10 dollars and there is free food for everyone!
Fair enough!
HEAT WHY?
Now is not my turn to impress you, now is your turn to redeem your decency.
Seabiscuit ranks #25 in the top 100 race horses of all time. He's my personal favorite, because he was considered unimpressive & unimportant
I keep my friends as misers do treasure,cause,of all things granted us by wisdom, none is greater or better than friendship.- Pietro Aretino
Thanks for the retweet, Larry! I hope all is well.
lol that was awkward
Recycle your Christmas tree at EDCO Station, at 8184 Commercial Street in La Mesa between December 26 and January 15.
lol that's DC I live in Washington state :p
hee hee we live close ... For now ;)
I woulda been ur father but the line was too fuckin long
Very interested in the response to this! RT Has anyone written/posted anything about digital preservation of text messages?
The only thing I fear is being bare in the forest.
The heroes are not born heroes are.)))
Miss u too. Ill txt you sometime(s). (/*0*)/
Why don't Republicans adopt a "don't ask, don't tell" policy regarding religion???
nothing yet. I dont know what is great there other than the standards. Always wanted to try Brightsens and Galitoire.
My mind is blown! I cant believe he likes her!
come play dice with me i will be working all night 2011 s 1 street
Heading to the cape for the day.
but we're ugly enough without masks. Better see you headbanging with us when we come out to Arkansas!
It's a little creepy that iPhone's "assistant" has a name. If I get one, can I rename her?
SHOUTOUT TO ROBBIE!!! EVERYONE FOLLOW HIM AND HE WILL FOLLOW BACK! :D
What's your fav singinging competition show? #TheVoice, #AmericanIdol, or #X-Factor? im going with The Voice. (but idol has more talent)
what is this 2 nites now i cant waych any videos because of this tubemogul what is it ?
Oh jeeze. Business Law
You have to put in many, many, many tiny initiatives that nobody sees or appreciates ahead of you accomplish anything worthwhile.
LETS GO POWER!!!! CLEVELAND SUCKS!
your just a pussy clark....
And Carol you're the lady on every bus who always gets hit on by the creepy dude on every bus.
we're gonna miss it
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!
Watching The Green Hornet!!!! Awesome Movie!!!!!
very cool!!!
yeah but I don't know U we should make a Facebook page like the iconic boyz have kind of
in southfield doing what
Rihanna was awkward. Lol
LOL I love my family<3 they're crazaayyyy!
And g'nite!
Hawks score!!! Going into OT
I vote for the cranberry ricotta cake...delish!
Also, when I login online (not on iphone), it says my membersjip is expired and all my data will be deleted...
the kid was more concerned about the base, weak stuff, should've dropped the base and given biggest hug to the Sgt.
i'd be curious what the women of twitter thought about this as well.
haha me too, I hope I feel better tomorrow! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
RT : The allergist's office is dangerously close to a lot of flowering plants. > GENIUS!
i was thinking about it more...i just dont know how the distance of the ball flying constitutes and error...
2nite I find Matt Barnes mildly attractive #what's goin on??
I know. It's killing me! Lol
Why am I so hungry today.
6 more days til the release of my 1st single #DanceLikeYouMeanIt. I'm so excited!!
thanks for the follow ... just in time for my birthday!
martabak 3rd round was awesome.....now time to go home for rest...
LA in Winter is the place to be!
$200k! I wish we had stolen it.
Jets fans will be in the Tebow pose, praying for a quarterback that can throw a forward pass.
Amen RT : Heat fans are getting excited over their wins like the eastern conference ain't already SUPER weak.
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber 6
#Giants vs. #Cowboys time!!! Let's Go GMEN!!
“: Anxious sleeping.”<<-- Must be anxious if you're sleep-tweeting.
love the new song on the video journal, and we had a great time at your show in madison last night!! keep goin', ur great!
The Black Keys Pandora station is by far the best one you could create. Just badass music throughout. Could listen to it all day
not soon enough!
I laughed WAY too hard at this hahahaha
Missouri is to Iowa as Pennsylvania is to New York!
Wow- Christian is HOT. How could I forget that?
Don't forget to give life something that inspires today.
Officially on Pacific Time!
A lot of ugly chicks are a good lay.....Guess they overachieve to keep you. lol
following you now, yes am author of blog.
For the next 3 hours swing by Polished Tavern and get the deal shown here: Free Infused Vodka
haywood making me mad
Rule #26: Take heed when hotel staff tell you "it's a nice place to have a drink, but I wouldn't eat the food."
Finally continuing HG trilogy with CATCHING FIRE. Moving a bit slowly IMHO.
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 25
He makes happy.
We in here ee goonn set it all
from the N.O?
awesome!! I'm gonna give u a shout out in my next video tomorrow night!! And thanks!!
WHO ELSE LOVES REALIZING THAT ONE YEAR FROM KANSAS CITY IS GOING TO BE BUZZING WITH THE BEGINNING OF OUR FIRST SEASON!?!?!
RT : Oh, and if any of you are looking for a nursing bra, be sure to check out Zulily on Monday for some great deals!
well here i am :)
fucking best night of my liifeee i looovee you
ya knew that was coming...they are cowards!!!
Reading magazines definitely makes you crazy. We're all a bunch of loons around here.
I wanna be an onion, so everytime you hurt me, you're the one that cries.
"the district"
So they brought Meek back up, but I bet they find a way to get Jake Fox to the bigs.
#LeslieKnope is back!
Hey good morning evrybody how are u guys today is my grandpa birth day. HAPPY BIRTH DAY GRANPA I LOVE U SO MUCH
I'm in a really good mood!
Our Minnesota location just renewed our PIM membership! Excited to be back for a New Year! www.pimn.org
How bout everyone minds there own buisness and dont worry about what other people are doing!!!
Why can't I think of any awe inspiring quotes or sayings? :(
Excited H&A is contracted as Production Manager & emcee for the fashion shows. If you are in the area check it out. Say hi! Cc:
Forty five minutes . . . till the beginning of the end
what? oh...oh right.
Getting ready for to take the stage! After the concert we have the one and only spinning. Bring your dancing shoes!
WOW!! THAT'S WHATS UP I'M ON IT NOW N DEF APPRECIATE YOUR SUPPORT BE SURE N SEND LINKS 4 PROMO
The merger passed!!!! Congrats, fellow artists - I am SO HAPPY for all of us. #oneunion #SAGAFTRA <3
dont test me sissy! daddy loves ME more :P
But I am a drinker but im not drinkin heavy doe
Texas heat sounds better than Yorkshire rain and grey sky! Enjoy practice & thanks for follow.
We're catering at The Bogey Inn during Muirfield (11:00 am til close) Thurs-Sat. Come see us! (Restaurant closed those days.)
Just saw Into the Abyss, Werner Herzog's new doc. Very, very well done. Opens in San Diego next Friday.
jk...Catch22 may not have one. Trinity's drivers are assholes - wouldn't let us on at MP once bc he 'didn't remember us'
i didn't even say totes on purpose.
One of the worst feelings is meeting the perfect person at the wrong time...
El segundo del Madrid!!
This dude really comin at me stupid Dr.
Aww, poor Tan-Tan. I don't think my school would care... they'd just be like... don't do it again...
Thank you for sending me 2 dresses overnight to save the day! Justine was great.
Lost my iPhone head set. Can't live with out it. Driving me nuts.
its gonna be a good one! Ashland High Live debut performance at Chain Reaction on your Birthday! We'll be celebrating!
that's when I hit unsubscribe! So annoying.
Packing soon for #ARMA12 - looking forward to an info-packed conference!
read Straight Ahead last summer - has inspired MANY projects/ideas! Thank you!
Carne asada and The Doors. Good night.
Cereal only lasts so long... In other news, just picked up 'when pole r big & God is small' by Ed welch. It's gonna be great!
lol yea I'm almost done though.
#raw10 Have a Friend who is very skinny, but his Wife is very fat. When u see them together walking, they look like the number: 10!
Emotion - Samantha Sang <U+2764>
definitely! I left his card @ home. I'll DM it to u tonight.
No luck with a live link of the newser from China. We'll work on a link to new details shortly.
how do we integrate the new Basecamp with your app?
I really should figure out what I'm wearing...
Shit, I had so much to do this week too....
So I take the post-test walk of shame to my room only to find that it smells like cigs? #fuckinKiddinMe ?
Lord we lift you high, Oh God be magnified You have overwhelmed my heart, I'm amazed by who you are <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
A beautiful day in West Palm Beach FL! Can't wait to get up on stage! 6:25 skull candy, be there =P
I like how i tell everything and he tells me nothing!
I'm biased and like #wildmed though it's not necessary as it's our handle.
You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back <U+E329>
That's exactly what I said !
What do you all look for in an account confirmation email? Do you like it short & sweet? Informative? Let me know what you think.
#Ingratiate is the word of the day. to get (oneself) into someones favor especially to gain an advantage...ingratiate
Relationships that lead to marriage > I want that
I love Finley, but his post catch antics remind me of C. Carter 10 years ago...every catch...
opening day today!
Whatever you want, you got it sweetheart.
oh! Dang, hope it gets better fast! Just drink more so that you can't feel it LOL
Cant beileve im about too go to bed.
“: #Gemini have a captivating personality. They are quick, witty, have a good sense of humor, trendy, & chic.”<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>GeminiTaurus
Mike Brown should pull the swerve and draw up a play for Eyenga and the win lol!!
New crowd estimate: 68,000 and still growing outside, 450 inside at 3 pm, Capitol police spokesman says.
noo there not he just did that cuz he is a dick
That's going to make the 8 a.m. meeting tomorrow that much harder to go to...
I got money scheme right into my dreams
Who are you to judge the life I live?
someone that was holding an event. He knows who he is!
No doubt fam. You had some Hip-Hop royalty in last night! Great event - #Respect S/O
my momma crystal is on one... Lmfao!
You fight like a hampster!!! Lol
you go girl
that's great James, good luck to you on your presentations!
You would have loved it! I didn't win one unfortunately :(
Pryor hasn't had a shot though. Leinert is proven...to be trash.
Tomorrow is your day. You will see VL. Go Kurt
U wouldn't happen to have a photo of fava beans sold on streets of Rome, would you?
FYI: 5:30am is not early enough to get in near the front of the line used gear sale in Santa Monica, CA. Opens at 7a.
"Happiness is a by-product of an effort to make someone else happy." - Gretta Brooker Palmer
if i don't pass this final on monday my life is over as i know it. please let this work out in my favour!
#FridayReads The Wrong Mother - Sophie Hannah
Incorrect assertion here. BOT and boosters will make the decision.
Underground; A series
Okay! text me!
Need toothpicks today to keep my eyes open and I think I forgot to eat dinner and breakfast.
what color should i paint my nails?
What a wonderful concept...
stick my dick in a circle, but I'm not fuckin' around motherfucker.
.6 of a mile #run today! My best yet :)
where are you from??
Raw cacao nib, golden raisin, walnut trail mix for breakfast
Lots of great things planned this week... Wonder what we'll cover next?
are the stones going on tour for their 50th anniversary?
REMINDER; daylight savings is Sunday. Don't forget to turn ur clock back!
Thrifting sounds good. Let me make certain that Glen didn't make plans.
Thx...glad you like it! There's more to come...
check out for a great example of an informative account.
you were in my dream last night, you blew up the tiolets in my school....which is weird cause I barely know you.
haha want to TC at ten?
He told me the same thing but I was dressed like a panther at the time.
you can't say what you won't do 'cause you that you jusst might.
John Mar Gay?
4.15 for gas.. That's a joke
Is this play like somewhere famous?
its ok I think its just your picture
us too! The only way to travel ;) happy holidays!
That was FAR WORSE than a StormyBreeze throughout the South, that was the "NightmareBreeze"..! So, so saddening.! We DON'T want that again.
hope you have a great day!! Xo
Autocorrect just changed "sounds good" to "found god." Geez.
Game Tuesday vs. Lebanon
Chicks dig the beard.
for the first time in my life, I actually want to check-in on FB or Twitter- as watching the game. can't find a way to do it on those or MLB
Why can't all textbooks be as useful and straightforward as my Systems Analysis textbook?
RT : Awesome work and Carl Edwards are doing for Back2back MInistries in Mexico with the orphans.
I still #Believe in the #ChicagoBears :0)
Frank Kern has got to be one of the most bad-ass marketers. Love his stuff!
BOOM-BOOM-SHAKA-LAKA-BOOM-BOOM! BOOM-BOOM-SHAKA-LAKA-BOOM-BOOM! BOOM-BOOM-SHAKA-LAKA-BOOM-BOOM! Back at ya!
How Havlat and have Sharks removed the rubber on the top of the bench wall yet?
May 26 2012 is the May Day run Preregistration is ongoing at
Looking for great hair extensions look no further www. megahairelite.com
I think i wana go ta tha park n think about sum shit
Goodbye sweet summer. You've been good to me and I'll miss you dearly. Until next year!
Happy Friday !! (this is a makeup tweet for missing yours yesterday!)
Aha! RT : nope, I want to sell them the shirt ; )
Playing mean ass tricks on my grandparents >>>
I'm busy
my phone has a mind of it's own and won't turn off the screen aka dies like a bitch. BUYING iPhone TODAY. JUMP ON THE TRAIN!!!
is procrastinating, but not about anything in particular.
i got bills and stuff to take care so id have to put some money aside
CU next time RT : We missed you yesterday! Sending hugs...
ughh thursday :o
im pretty sure I consume more Capri Sun than most kindergarteners
....and here comes MORE drama
your welcome! :D - Zaona
Dear dad- how do fathers pick out nicknames for there daughters?Is there a process? Is there a book of nicknames?
All the #gay guys around here are black nd Im not racist just for some reason my fam has noprob with me being gay but wont allow interracial
Researching/shopping for a new car. Looking at BMWs and Audis..why do I have expensive taste?!
"I'm not like most girls..." - most girls.
Might work better if you give it to her.
Happy Monday, Twitterati! Hope u all had a restful weekend - now get your azzez in gear!!!
“: R.I.P. Jaymie Somer Cause o' death-epic boredom! -__-” don't die on mehhh !!(x
Did you know CoQ10 helps maintain a healthy cardiovascular system, is an antioxidant and supports healthy heart function?
#migraine yesterday means my body needs a little pep talk before its ready for today. Today's a new day.
This event 5th Annual will be in BEVERLY HILLS, Calif., -- John Travolta and others like him will be there with Jim Bennett of AP Insights
loyalty is something you cant purchase
My question is, can we come with you on these trips to explore as well? That might be fun to experience it all together!
Everything went great! lets see wht happens(:
RT : Be realistic about what you expect to find, African American genealogy is challenging. #lvalearn . Amen to that!!
Ooh, very nice cover. The book looks quite enticing, too! I added it to my wish list.
Asdfghjkl. I hate school. That's all.
G2E Gaming convention in Las Vegas i now over. What a fun experience. Next stop Bakersfield, California and San Francisco this weekend!
#SuperBowl that's the way the National anthem should be sang, this time last yar Aguilera screwed up
Two weeks from now, my morning commute becomes twice as long.
its Audrey! Lol
looks like plans to meet up with my crush n go see the movie was canceled :( there is always next weekend tho. lol
already did ^.^
Ready to Rock out March 10th expo
I got a job in Bollywood aka India. I am so happy. I will be a consultant in animation & marketing.
hi I believe you're sending out viruses. Did you write me 4 times last night?
Colorado is a dirty Team!!!! really really dirty!!!!
it'll only hurt for minute, then it hurts god. ;-p
who dat? Rams dat last year. That's what's up. :)
My face is numb. I just got a cavity filled at the dentist. D:
The music video shoot on Long Island, NY is a wrap! Back to Manhattan I go.
Just saw an incredible mustache and got a high five from a stranger.
"Compassion" starts with Compas.
Let's see. Probably abt $1,000 in repairs on my RV & my new phone still doesn't work right. It's just an all-round great frickin' day:(
You know when you love someone? You let them have the last fry.
Where y'at?! Everywhere at once? #SXSWi I'm at 501 6th St, the SoundCloud Open House. Upstairs.
I feel like all I do is…laundry.
cool - a faster half-life!
Even worse than saying "I need to fluff my clothes"?
I hear you and I agree! What's your fave cake? Mine is Reine de Saba - my hubby makes it on me birthday.
All I can say is, hopefully my Interview goes well on Sunday.
Working-out with glasses on is a pain in the arse!
RT : Every girl is beautiful in their own way.
Thanks and by the way I loved it:)
follow bakk bro
I want Brandy to do well though. With the right folks she can def head back on top. I mean rnb is almost dead these days.
Enjoying a wonderful Breakthrough event in Puerto Rico, and we'll leave it a better place when we are done. Give back!
German Shepherd Operating a Faucet: via
“: #Bachelorette starts tonight! <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764>” Heck yeah
Yea! That hasn't been in the press releases I've seen. Just that the "official publisher" contract was not renewed! Thanks! :)
Like the photo. !!
-bitch talkin shit but never say shit to your face!
throw up the pic of Sully bro'n it up on Easter
Yes, but it forces you to pass self as a parameter, completely negating the benefit of a closure.
it will come and go strong smart will live and best of luck just watch out
i would change the fact that people have to die...it so sad to deal with and if i could chose...that's what i'd say n_n you???
its still ridiculous to say someone shouldn't graduate just because you're a straight A student. Way to look down on people.
Awesome things are about to happen in Wolman Hall!
why are boobs good why are rainbows cool how does the pawsy tract work on the rear end of a Plymouth
Charles Barkley is gong off. ROTFLMBO!!!!!!!
I want to. But I need a ride. I can't drive down and back twice in 3 days.
follow back bro!
same u got everything yet
you are a bad influence on me!
They're so lucky.
My book is about a lesbian physicist, indepen­dent judgment, maternal depro­gram­ming, superfluid helium, and a con­cupiscent crustacean. Hm
discussing the merits of cabaret Wednesday August fifteenth
stop giving details about yr sex life
There are few simple pleasures more glorious than the morning cup of coffee.
MAHOMIESSS! Help us trend #AustinYouShouldGoToGermanyAlsoForTheNeighboursLikeHollandAndBelgium tonight 9 O'clock PM benelux time! X
#imjestsaying fuck all u bitch ass fuckers and u know who u r
Teachers & staff have been very busy today getting The #PalmBeach #School for #Autism ready for tomorrow when all of the students return.
For all the prophets and the Torah prophesied until Yochanan. - Yeshua
guess i should start getting ready....
when you get a moment, do you think can follow me? Lol Hope you're well Will.
I just ain't on the shit u niggas on...and when y'all b in the way, I'm in the zone
More likely digital immigrants are creating products for COs run digital natives, aiming to disintermediate the immigrants
Playing wit my new Samsung Epic 4g
<U+2640>It's sad when people are on your team BUT really they're your opponent<U+2640>
: I will be back real soon, have a meeting there. I can't wait to see them... Love you more!
#FF Follow Friday What Kind of Jobs are you looking for?
u hav a problem?
umm!? I don't know :/ bummertacular
Man, I gotta poop. Hate when that happens at a shit hole bar before a rock show. Oy.
Yep, get there Fri afternoon.
<----- bored n kinda hungry
Another 1 bites the dust? RT : FLASH: Al Jazeera says brigade in charge of Gaddafi's security surrenders and lays down arms
can't handle the chicken sandwiches at school
Salsa Saves Lives event: Saturday, May 5th, 10am-2pm at La Salita.
I am craving chocolate.
have you ever tried tomato jam? The sun golds are so sweet I think it might be good.
5 MORE MINS TO BUY ONLINE TICKETS TO
Me too!
the one you gave me
Meaning, Red Carpet play will require 5/7 matched sources now (a VERY RARE Play). We needed to make some changes given past weekend events.
seriously nice work on the prompt fix on Github. Badass.
Will you came to Greece for a concert?? Please!!
and are at this month. Time off may need to be adjusted accordingly.
Just tuned in to Prime Minister's Questions on C-SPAN. Love to watch the debate.
Could you please follow me, or RT this.
Poured rain in Clearwater! We still owned it!
There Is No Time2Stop & Listen 2 What Haters Gotta Say Just ZoomRight Pass Them Even If U Still Hear It.It Shouldn't StopYou JUST KEEP GOING
Another work day at least today was pay day
Now I need to find twitterers from La #Javierana university in Bogota.
There just ain't enough time in the day
Whatever school decides to go to, they will be LUCKY to get him! So great!!
Great Day for GSHL hoops 3 teams in Final 4
so beautiful! Now to beat the OTHER Manchester punks tomorrow!
Are you getting excited for your semester in Vina?
Is about that time for a sonic milkshake.
Layed out on the couch after the WORST all day interview EVER!!! Trapped n a car, 50 miles from home, with 2 smokers and 27 cats... I on ...
Hates you too den!!!!
I'm not lonely, I'm not a boy but "I'm a lonely boy, I'm a lonely boy" keeps banging around in my head.
You know you're getting old when your whole body is sore from a softball game...
ok I didnt really need to know that! What size?... Lol jk
I'm an ageist and I hate myself for it.
We're giving away an Ugly Christmas Sweater! Follow & Retweet for a chance to win one of our 3000+ sweaters!
I was so surprised at how well this works for me!
Are Hot Dogs Really Made From Dogs ?!
I am taking more than a week off in August! Brewery tours? Mad Planet?
"How terrible is wisdom when it brings no profit to the wise" - Lord Coward in "Sherlock Holmes"
I think I met another Mr. Jeff Bennett fan. But Im MORE than just a fan! ;) That man sure knows how to handle things hehe HES MINE!
haha I would work you in knockout, but on a real note I miss you two!!!
hey my sisters 10th birthday is on March 23rd and The one thing she wants is a shout out. Please! ps her name is Haylee
Apparently you live longer if you drink 4-6 cups per day. I'm not buying it!
But you need to... NEED TO!
oh yeah, meant to tell you... tomorrow is my bro-in laws bday too. Going to Agatina's for dinner. May stop by afterwards.
Modern Furniture Warehouse Opens Distribution Center in Florida (openPR) - As part of its continued plan for growth in 2012, Modern Furni
Thx. Called LMI help & found one can have multi comps on single acct. Just added each comp @ host & refreshed app. Works now.
hello deann and friends
its not today..they changed our to tomorrow 2-3 in Kilgore
Obama supporting same sex marriage is a win. #obama2012 all the way.
There is no winning or losing in relationships, it's about being on the same team, even when arguments turn you against each other
Chipmunk family reunion
So, whats up ?
can the boys at least go to Z100 portland #bring1dtoseattle close enough
Disappointed yet again.
Why are some people never satisfied with what they have?
Senior Day for Rob Wilson and Jordan Taylor today at Kohl Center. #Badgers tip off against Illinois in just a few minutes ...
It makes me sad too :( I was debating whether or not to post about it here but I think I dislike it that much, it's warranted.
: sorry I wasn't there today - mom with 3 MS kids came in and wanted last-minute tour...had to do it :(
Having so much fun working on set w/ & !!
Yeah bitch i do this shit
RIP Frank Foster
yea when my barber aint there I come back later...They be tryin tho..im cool
thanks for the support!
Why the fuck do I try? You clearly don't give two shits about me anymore.. I'm just taking up space in your "perfect" little life.
I Love You<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
:) hey Chris. I found you. Have fun on Sunday. Looking forward to it.
Week 7 tonight on tune in and hear who next on the 2-1-0 Mic Pass w/
They say jealousy is a disease, get well soon bitch!
Squirrels can climb trees, pit bulls cant.
Your welcome and thank you. Your awesome too! :)<3
It's a good thing I love to sort, label, and organize things....there's a TON to be done, but the studio is coming along nicely! :)
's happiness makes my day better..
I honestly don't know. I've seen clips of Portlandia but I don't know what song you mean...which one?
Web 2.0 is the paradigmatic post-modern world
Got your bags packed for that move to SoCal..soon...lol What do you want for x-mas, an OL?
Possibility not only for data curation career paths, but also reward structure for curation of data sets and related work.
Cap'n Beefheart :(
Have a feeling this might end up being one of those weekends where I'm drunk for like 58 consecutive hours. Looking forward to it!
Grizzlies could of won this series smf
is hash laser tag really fast hashtagging, or playing laser tag on hash?
half day :)
taking a study break for retail therapy @ uvillage
Thank you!
no idea why but the Junior Seau saga just now really sunk in. Man this sucks. I can't imagine something like this happening to a
We will build a shrine.
damn your friends are bad ass. I can't believe someone would do something like that
I'm going to barf. Come on #Nuggets. Punch Kobe please
Make sure that you practice using your pendulum, on a daily basis. There is a lot of fun in using a pendulum to get answers.
The Latinas Learning to Lead application submission is getting closer, you just have 2 days before April 11 arrives. Submit your...
Hi Melissa, Happy Friday!
Back to these books
RT Nice shout out RE & MRSQ article on evaluating library's mobile website Added 2 reading list.
Just saw the Playmaker workout Justin Blackmon on #NFL network, PLEASE GIVE HIM HIS OWN SHOW! HE's a #BEAST! and the
Favorite B/W Horror Movie favs? Earth vs. the Spider(1958) - 13 Ghosts(1960)
it beats Anne frank any day!
maybe he should've shot it more when your team dropped five out of seven games earlier this year!
never thought of this but did Gov Daniels deliberately take a shot a Gingrich on the "family" comment?
trending topics are always so funny
Apples & peanut butter!
Dragapalooza: Biggest Drag Event in the city! Tomorrow Night
will do. It's a pretty holy display of app skinning! Stay tuned.
A1: Heartfelt stories that evoke emotion are great for viral. People want to connect.
I can still take that picture of the tequila tasting if you like!
Can't wait until next Saturday!!! GO SPORTING!!
Audio and gaming commanded the highest interaction rates with 5.95 percent and 5.91 percent respectively.
now if I could master how to turn conflict to collaboration in all other areas of life!
I love Austin, Justin, One Direction, Tay-S, Breezy, Weezy, Adele, Cher Lloyd and Demi! RT if you love one or more of them.
500 followers!! Yesterday I had 300!!! :) thank you guys for following me!!!
Welcome to NTH Chris Occhipinti! Chris joined us on July 18th and will be working with Lori Myott out of our Grand Rapids office!
sent friend request
YOU'RE COMING TO PITTSBURGH WITH TSS! guess who's gonna get a little drawing of himself? His name starts with w & ends with es ;)
Appreciate what you have
Ok I'm getting to deep lol
": ": drinkn Sprite liven life ." *living" dont.edge her wack ass on Daejah
TXT ME WHEN YOU SEE THIS
If your looking to get into the air conditioning field, I also do EPA and R410 Certifications , just give me a call
Good Morning Beautiful People #LightsCameraAction - XavierLT.com
Im sorry that song isnt available yet I tried to get it.
In honor of the amazing #EttaJames and the beautiful, classic "At Last". Thank u 4 being the legend you were!... fb.me/ucvFaBjQ
RT - 2011 NFL Predictions: Jacksonville Jaguars Headed for Bottom of AFC South - Bleacher Report
I would just like to say, and I think we can all agree, that "zugzwang" is a bad ass word
You guys were incredible. Can't wait to see what you do next!
You should become one if that is your passion! Go for it!! Hey, I do have another question concerning our prev conv on biz :)
NEW BLOG POST - "How I Got Punched in the Balls By A Grown Woman, and Other Buffalo Bills Debauchery" www.mikegamms.blogspot.com
I'm wondering if you'd be up for a Battledecks session at Seattle Creative Mornings in May. Interested?
I MISS U XX
Get something hot together my Dogg.
evening boys and girls. Hope your Mother's Day was a good one :D
Those Hanson sisters used to be so sexy. Especially that little drummer girl.
#NeverAgain with the challenges i just did! My arm burns so bad! And my mouth tastes like shit!
I try to design my courses so it's more work to get an "F" than a "C," but still…
Not at all. Proud of him. RT : Wonder how bothered N.C. State fans are to see that RW is from Wisconsin not State.
@ where is my twitter hubby? kuz he aint home lolz
Just worked out...a little run/ walk action
Open House today from 1:30pm - 4pm at 4820 King Street, Denver CO!!! www.4820KingStreet.com
Pickup Line: When God made you, he was showing off
hahaha oh but of course :P #ps I like your new avi
: Holding onto the hope of owning my own biz that makes a difference for folks. Time to get serious... <- HUGS!
I KNOW asdfghjkl
you're such a sweetheart. Thanks, Stu. :)
need wiki report on value of open content over here at #amia11 - help?
FOLLOW ME 4 A SHOUT OUT!
I'm trying to find more we can die to!!!
please FOLLOW ME PLZ I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS & I DO FOLLOW BACK
yep #alphawolf proud. Swear had a better turnout for season ticket pickup party. Oh well.
I KNOW. OMFG. IT HAPPENED SO SUDDENLY THOUGH.
Sometimes u have to break the rules and do the right thing....
ah shucks. Thanks! Lots of work still to do, and lots of great colleagues with whom to do it like and !
Thank you! I appreciate it! Miss you, girl! “: I found you! Haha. I'm praying for you, chick!”
hey what's up?
Apparently im a fulltime 7u baseball coach! RT : I haven't seen you in a minute. Where you working at now?
thank you, haha.(:
my thoughts everyday... which is why I don't take yoga. lol
All of this birthday love is overwhelming. I don't know how much more I can take. I feel so loved right now. Thanks so much!
Long night?
All of our Lincoln fans get ready!!! Broken Crown will be at Duggin's Pub this Friday Night with our friends Faded Black.
If you child has the ability to spontaneously and unexpected scream and cry, it is too young to be in public. Please remember this.
oh boy.
that's great Thank you! Hopefully I'll be posting soon
Insane. Corey Fogel just played drums in my work neighbor’s office 4 her bday. W/ a fake flower between his teeth.
school tomorrow...whats that test about again?... wait, what? we have 2 tests tomorrow? oh great get to stay up and study for another hour!!
#wiunion MT #ProudIgnorance #GOP Rethugs | 's budget | Gladly endorsing more war, more poverty, & more corruption.
Walt Zerbe to Join Legrand as Product Manager - Home Toys (press release)
This headache though<<<<
Any opinions on using BookDaily?
Ditto. Any idea what causes that?
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true. <U+E328><U+E32D><U+E32A> 62
she gives birth to a grin like a harlot working like a mother with twins she hold secrets within
Great meeting you all last night! Looking forward to staying in touch...
it's okay. I'll live lol
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships. Michael Jordan
Babe Ruth idolized "Shoeless" Joe Jackson that he adopted his hitting style. In Ruth's words "He's the guy who made me a hitter."
I'm never afraid of rejections because at the end of the day I know my worth so someone's loss is another gain
2 weeks with my amazing boyfriend. LOVING LIFE <3 •lexx•
Is it still cool to be the "czar of the telestrator?" Feel like there has to be cooler technology in 2012
Well that's Adam's fault. He told me it was that handle!
It's #lodgeme Fridays!!! Patron bottle give away at 12:30
turns out the Leica is still there waiting on parts. The f5 repair was cheap and seems thorough. It's back to being a beast
ditto! Can't wait to get it out on the HS shelves tomorrow!
Ppl just dont understand when its over, its over.
Good Food, Good Beer! What more could anyone want! ?
Good calls!! RT : Grimbergen Dubbel, Goat Cheese Bruchetta and Beer Cheese Soup Awesomeness.
my dog angie has ptsd, but love and security are getting her thru it
Yikes! I'll be thinking of you.
Amazing how the Oscars updated with youth...and awarded traditional.
I can't do this anymore.
What is it about night that inspires me? All these images will end up in film, even if they are shot on my cell --
im good had poor sleep tho x
He would throw it back in your face... if you dared to give him any lower than $5... a $1 simply won't be enough.. lol
Juice Newton
Hate to admit my techie ignorance but never knew properties function even existed until your mention. Is it a keyword prompt?
remaining relaxed. Once the woman is able to imagine all the items in the hierarchy without experiencing anxiety, she is instructed to ...
Thanks to for following us on Twitter!
Really? Hispanics and Blacks now 'not' voting for Obama because of Gay marriage? Idiotas!
we can tell ur bored lol jk follow plz and take good pics of the concert for me since im not gonna be there :'(
In my 20s I thought I knew everything. In my 30s I realize I know nothing.
it's a Square Donut! A statistical anomaly worthy of Guiness's great book... Haha & I eat donuts while dancing quite regularly
Hey, at least the day can only get better from this point forward...
That's great–hope you had a good time. I'm watching the Think Tanks and Netroots panel now
Yup RT : Everyone has one friend that they secretly hate.
Just received official notice from #FluxDesign FIRM remodel date will be MONDAY APRIL 23RD! One day install. Reopen...
#Surrey have certainly been going a lot better since lunch yesterday. Perhaps they were just hypoglycaemic.
It would be awesome to have you at InSquared! Use and share promo code "wwt" for free reg. Thanks
Hey everyone.
follow us if this has happened to u: 1..2..3 Smile!!...."did you take it"...."crap its on video"....lol dammit!
AFC Divisional Playoff Game kicks off in just a few minutes... Go Steelers!!!!
Like an orchid sprouting from the head of a tortoise.
Listening to library architects from DWL Architects and Planners at
Worked out today inbed for school
Votebook: Futures-like All-Star Game intriguing
She said she on her period like she aint got a mouth
Cannot wait to see the book!!!! Thinking Person's Guide to Autism...Thank you!
my new puppy hurt her in her wing so we took her to a house like in front of our house and she's with another chikens:)
you gotta be overweight for WW.
PCA&D seniors show their stuff
They are so short though! Meant for the attention span of the young generation
Check out our new cake menu at Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
Lots of celebs in town for #SB46, but is still our favorite!
Still miss Him, even though I'm having fun.
next tweet you'll make I'll point it out braskiii.
new phone lol
told you he's perfect.
Kids + noses + plexiglass museum case = smudges. Other than that? No complaints.
Four questions for interviewees to ask (modified from radio prog heard in summer). I often found interviewees didn't have good questions...
things are totally coming up Kaelan - how about a #hawks win to top it off?????
an old perv keeps talking to you
Thanks so much for your sweet #FF mention! That made my day! You're awesome! :)
S/o to everyone that got faded last night and is on their way to church right now.
Just watched The Pursuit of Happyness and now I'm going to cry myself to sleep.
The April issue of Hoof Beats is finished and on the way to subscribers, I am now working on the May issue---looking good so far!
Double check on the need for water-- we just came from AL-- they had water up the wazoo so we traded for socks
RT : Getting this party started!!!!!
there's the 1% and then there's the .01%
“: Pulling out gum in class is like pulling out crack in rehab. #JP”
On the 950: Comics immortal Stan Lee 2day - with excerpt from interview we did in 1968. I was 6.
Why is everyone so excited for this weekend??
No Susan Philipsz buttons left!
#ThingsIHearEveryday Dedep..... wake up..it's another day! I couldn't believe it, my mom is always saying that on the phone every morning
Update: Our sports chat with has been rescheduled to Tuesday (tomorrow) at 11 a.m. ET. See you there!
that never happens to me, ur special
Stay tuned tomorrow night for some exciting mobile open source announcements! #iphonedevla #androiddevla (via )
...and grant funding is a temporary solution, not long-term economic plan. What should new economy of academic publication look like?
Can wait until shit get full again
inconsiderate people <<<
Sitting in Anaheim right now we believe in you
Success! She has finally logged on!
AMEN KEN!! You need to get the right people around you!
so tonight, you became a Draft expert like everyone else? Nice.
Bummer...was hoping to see you there.
is the exclusive sponsor of our Hotel Vegas #SXSW showcase tonight. Only we have your free drink tix. So shake us down
#asist09 ?? I think you go to more conferences than anybody else I know!
They sang the edge of glory perfectly.
What if you put the commish of the NFL Roger v.s. the head of the decertified NFL players union Smith and put them in a cage UFC style....
I'm taking the day off. Now get dressed and come on over!
no problem thank you
Sometimes you wake up and you realize you don't give a fuck. Yeah. Precisely my mood this morning :D
one fedora per party! What're you doing
We are open until 3 p.m. today. Closed tomorrow. Regular hours resume on Monday.
THANK U KEEP HIM IN YOUR PRAYERS PLEASE
Venice for sure
My granddad was totally against debt. Feared it. He was an illiterate carpenter, but he built his house on his own money.
“: Thinking of "Poetry is to prose what dancing is to walking." -by British novelist and poet John Wain.”
RT Moment when the only reason I'm awake is cause youhr messages keep waking me up n_<U+2665> !
Damn helicopters so loud. Circling over Mango Brandon FL
I'll check it out. But even if conservatism is "normal," it inevitably loses over the long haul. We evolve.
Thank you! Voted nice and early. cc:
Man has to suffer. When he has no real afflictions, he invents some. Jose Marti
I don't have to like Kristin Chenoweth if I don't want to. Frankly, I have probably disliked her longer than you've known of her.
Anyone in Socorro right now?
I Love You So Much! You have brought me so much happiness! Never Ever Give up! Happy Birthday! I Wish You the Best <3
haha wtf!!!DID HE TELL EVERYBODY!!!!!!wait did rey tell u or MATTHEW!!!!":)
I am one of the cute ones “: All light skinned hoes aint cute. & all darker girls not ugly”
#jobs #NewMexico Recruiting for Active Directory guru for an enterprise user provisioning project. email to learn more.
Heavy set lady singing along - hard - to "I wanna fuc you"
1.5 minutes until the most important speech in the history of Western civilization, people.
Thank you brother!
your gonna make me soo sadd :( at least you got a picture of them(:
Beautiful blue-eyed girls!
cool! next up Clinical Fellowship and you can rock your CCCs
There's a good chance you don't like me. But a better chance I don't care.
Ya I can see that. I actually only remember bits and pieces, Black Dahlia is pretty forgettable, Hollywoodland is decent though.
lol I saw it in theaters when it first came it, I love it!
It's difficult to be stupid because there's so much competition....
hahaz Ur so lucky!!!! imma switch back to my personal account k??
Dont think about the past
Gwynn'th!!! Your mic is do white I'm blinded.
At one point in the 19th century, Nova Scotia was the fourth largest trading nation in the world -- or would have been, had it been a nation
Working on my show for , with new music from Guided By Voices, Nada Surf, and more! Saturday at 8 PM ET. Be there or be octagonal.
At masa azul again. Man this place rocks. Cornbread stuffed quail! Pepita-crusted lamb rack! M.
They should make cars out of adamantium. Indestructible yet very heavy = safety vs fuel economy. Hm.
Replaced a failing mechanical HDD I'd been using for external backup. My last PATA drive in the house. Feel like I should frame it.
When your dreams start to tease you... Your getting old... I'll just this "ghostface grandpa and the wu-cain clan"
"What if Twitter stopped working for a week...how many of you would wait or just say fuck it"
;-) your cute
This is so true!! RT : Strangers can become bestfriends just as easy as bestfriends can become strangers.
Today is Regular deadline. 5/18 is Late Deadline. bc you are an Alum 50% off. Can't wait to see what you submit. Always great!
Bahaha these words just came out of this girls mouth "I'm sick of this stripper bullshit and that fucking pole" ...
I will never accept the Thurday/Friday start of the
Also headed to work how's your day so far
When I go to the V.A. for care,being surrounded by other Vets. that only see me as a fellow Vet.,for me,is extremely cathartic.
Allegedly my lunch was a can of black beans with salsa and a sprinkling of cheese, hummus with carrots and an apple. Oh the trying on fit.
It's not that I'm BLOWING you off, or PUSHING you away. It's just that you need to SUCK it up and PULL at me a little harder. Just sayin'.
Stats for Lewis&Clark program: 50 projects, 13 sites, 700 resource posts, 1750 Zotero sources
Thinking about DL & what bad timing life can have... Family, friends and personal safety first. All else is secondary.
Teahouse821 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
no darn battery
Attendance varies depending on the topic/speaker, ranging from 50 to 150 people.
I lol that The Biggest Loser is still on, I never get tired of people killing over after a 10 ft sprint ahh good times
Definitely Grace. Just finished your 500+ disseration. Wow-packed w/good lit. Reading Reality book now. Fun stuff for time off
NEVER!! Well at least we agree on the Pack #quitting while I'm ahead ;)
When you stop doing things for fun, you might as well be dead
Wow. Don't start this shit again.
Don't talk about style cause I'll embarrass you.
Don't be a Bettchh,
yes home from work!
thanks for the rt :)
idk! Why? Is fun happening?
Sometimes I jus wanna tell someone how much I love Chris, but I don't think they'll understand.
haha you don't hug trees do you???
Really blessed to have in my life!!! I needed her tonight! :D <3
Thinking about community organizing around collective memory
I am in such a yucky, feel bad for myself kinda mood. What do I need to do to snap out of it?
RIP #MauriceSendak, just taught kids to perform the stage version of Where the Wild Things Are at yesterday :-)
Did you hear abt our new exhibit, "Robert Moses on Long Island 1925-1975"? Explore the master builder & his work on Long Island
Goes to show, a strong identity lasts the test of time -posterization looks cool and iconic even today. Pre iPod ad style?
I'm starring as the cameraman! Why are you in my business anyway?
Pizza of the Week >>> Reuben Pizza: 1000 Island Base, Swiss Cheese, Corned Beef, Caraway Seeds and Sauerkraut!
People hate to see you rock shit they've been slaving to get
oomf really needs to slow down typing his tweets. like I don't want to be rude but it's ridiculous now. what are you trying to say!
Music is by far the most wonderful method we have to remind us each day of the power of personal accomplishment.
Thank you for admitting that.
its over for duke we still undefeated
what are your thoughts on people taking screenshots of notes in notes app?
Note to iconic symbol displayers: Leave your Che Guavera T-shirts at home when visiting Miami.
Hope you're doing well Coach!
I only speak the truth!
Considering taking accent modification courses? Do it with an SLP who is an expert in the articulation of Standard American English.
yes kick is a partnership between and
Subways is packed, like always -__-
Absolutely! Lost track after H&G. Congrats on the book! I keep telling Deb Gilbert we need an impromptu reunion of '88.
last i checked this is #America i dont have to do a god damn thing.
I just made some coffee in my coffee press. What is your favorite method of coffee preparation?
RT : Change is inevitable, progress is optional.
off to bed really tired :) <21
Aston Martin music
J&B will have to suffice.
Reminder: it's a three day weekend! We will be closed this coming Monday, September 5th for Labor Day.
NO! i started reading it for english class, it's very complex.. but i like it so far (:
One dream i would live out if i could go back...singer.
word, I'm still tryna see how long this #sidekick gone hold out
Any idea why Aurora Ave Krispy Kreme blocked w crime tape?
Amen. That makes so much sense. enjoy what we have in the moment.
My external keyboard is getting fritzy. Can't stand the new shallow Apple keyboards. Any suggestions? Bluetooth not usb please.
lmfao Why it gotta be May tho? -_- My B day is on da 22nd
The random metro cars with the black rubber floor make me feel like I'm on a Disney space ride.
Mom:Theres nothing good on pandora!, Me:Lets use my music.., Mom:Let me guess, One Direction? lmao my mom is too good :P
lmaooo #awkward what blew my cover.
Next ? On what ?
I woke up late and then was like screw it I'm not going.
im still on this essay
#resume #tip - Please format your resume to be one page., #jobseeker Thank you!
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me15
Made beeline to the airport coney island immediately upon landing in DTW.
RT : The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you couldn't do.
that's annoying
New Myspace Layout and SIngle Up Now!!!! www.myspace.com/xforeverandafterx
Thursdays burnt ends, Wednesdays beef ribs (unless we deviate from plans)
I am watching hell date...LMAO
nice. have fun. tell Paul O we said hi.
If you are really lucky, you will find one person who will walk through life with you no matter what.
Happy Friday everyone!
So many amazing shows yesterday #mmw. at Armani Exchange , showcase at Tantra. What is everyone getting into today?
You're welcome :) Glad you enjoyed it...
Sure, I already followed (:
Were building lots of #mHealth tools to help people #quitsmoking, esp. teens.
Cool, great shows lately. Btw.
lolz u have a beautiful voice (; u should be a singer!!!!!! (;
i'm not down about it, it was more just reflecting on stuff. thanks for your words of support though, xx
As a joke, I sent my mom a pic of my (literally) empty fridge. She cried, called me anorexic, & is mailing me food.
AP Human Geo test today. Have no idea how I'm going to stay up for that test.
But at least you get some action! : This commercial break is so long I forget what I was watching.
CANCELLED "Darby O'Gill and the Little People" Today @ 3pm
New Candle Cafe in west 80s!!!
Peter Bergen 2day: what's the most important turning point in the war with Al Qaeda? 2Morrow Grand Rapids, for First Person: Seeing Amer8ica
Good luck to all of the runners and walkers at #Crazylegs today! Stay warm!!
Bullying is a terrible thing. For every RT this gets shows a victim of bullying that He/She IS NOT alone. RT It could change a life.
"It's a beautiful communion when you give yourself over to a work of art."
gonna be a fun series, cocky vs bitter, who will prevail
lol Drob is a beast. He blew one I could careless its May. He'll be the best closer in baseball this year.
I'm gonna fly out from the roof and go home.
Hahaha re: Polaroid cameras.
Not losing a friend over something we don't see eye to eye on.
Did you know liability insurance doesn't cover YOUR vehicle? That's right! Ask us about uninsured motorist; call us today! 505-345-8757
Stupid fall-- would love to kill a few miles this morning.
that's down in Austin at
SUBMERCER x WORK tonight.
I disagree. The replay showed no indisputable evidence to overturn the original call on the field.
Hi, yes I did. Sorry I didn't see this sooner, would have totally brought you a sandwich.
I rather have it and not need it then need it and not have it!! #Clever <U+2713>
Pops and I bach'in it tonight, cookin beef tips.
if it wade sense to the masses it wouldn't be "the way" or something like that Lao Tzu quote
- wowowowowowowow is all we can say :)
Yup this brewski!
Cask is tapped: Black Marlin w/ Makers Mark Oak/Vanilla Beans. Come on by! $2 til 5:30, +$1 an hour.
In life you have to stand your ground and allow no person to tell you what you can do & if they're paying attention they realise it.
": God's light shines better through "cracked pots" than it does through those who have it all together." True indeed.
Nice to follow one another on twitter.
I have a soccer game at 6:30!
OMG kids who weren't turning in homework DO now!! 95%of their teachers using mobiles well #wetech nice
those are some Crazie Rims Sir!!!
just about to leave in 10 min. Want to come. There is room in my car
Work is over! Now to bust my tail to get my home, my babies, and myself ready for the events of tomorrow...
Wait, the won?
Project ID tonight at 7:30. Come to Chatham and see it DAMN IT!
awesome hat.
Oh, I did. more or less.
Recharge day! Game night this evening, then Cabin in the Woods tonight.
in essence what I'm trying to get at, a MUCH smaller club. And Hamilton knows he would trade those 4 for Albert 3 any day.
Iwish I was on summer vacation already -_-
Bummer. Don't know what to tell you that would be reasonably close to downtown.
This is one of the biggest and most inconsistent strike zones ever. On both sides.
I need a fresh peice of gum
absolutely gorgeous, you are blessed =)
Thank you! We need a strong, principled Democrat to draw the line in the sand against Barton. I'm ready for the challenge!
Time for a 3rd party that has the following principles: free trade, free markets, individual liberty, peace, limited government.
Quiet morning at the BMV
We've tried emailing JJ to set up a private event....no response :(
Now I'm just waiting for my LG Optimus V to arrive in the mail. So excited to have a real smartphone!
I was in more of a sit on the couch mood than a go to Town mood, plus you weren't going to be at the game anyway, so why bother?
You're welcome! I was so tempted to get some #bluehair!
Bitch im handsome RT : change it back you ugly bastard
Did you really need to make such a bitchy comment about Jen Anniston?
no because im going to be there for you <U+2665>
As if we guys need an excuse. Right Chin??? LOL!
Begging your mom to buy you a ticket to 's concert, then remembering you don't live in New York..
i had to learn this from : "The largest eggs in the world are laid by a shark.” What's up?
gotcha! What are you applying for?
yeay! See you there.
hey jacob, how is your christmas going? Hope it goes well :)
ok how come everything I put up everyday isn't there. It was all saved. Were there issues with stuff changed yesterday?
A little pissed off today
U will get much better results if u pretend the B in B-Roll stands for Beauty not Bullsh**t. Or call it something else i.e Abstract Poetry
ha - truth comes out! Seriously tho these are some good tips. Did u know ur supposed to vacuum your bed?
Have you been to the Dark Horse Saloon for salsa dancing yet? Next event is January 27.
Success breeds fake friends & true enemies.. Keep your friends close.
How many great ideas do you think you will have in your lifetime?
I've conceded to the fact that he'd rather be overly unselfish and have his time like him that ruffle feathers. WELP
they can't be that bad
Alrighty boo! I'm watching the Swedish version. You can watch it on Netflix if you have one :P
On the first leg of the 17 hour journey...i am in the middle seat between two mustachioed gauchos. And not the hot kind.
February is American Heart Month! Heart disease is the leading cause of death in America!Eating healthy foods can be one step to prevent it!
The main source of good discipline is growing up in a loving family, being loved and learning to love in return. ~ Dr. Benjamin Spock
i like Ethiopian & i've been meaning to try it. Your review in less than 144 characters?
Hi Niket. Will do. Go Bears!
I have years of experience working for the credit card companies. What do you want to know about them?
pure genius.
Frank Sinatra - There Used To Be A Ballpark - 10:11 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
GOD I'M FREAKING ANNOYED RIGHT NOW.
hopefully it goes well. I'm getting away to enjoy myself so I'll make it work haha
In a fantasy I feel it when u dance with me its feeling like u need 2 b my lady my baby, can't U C I'm talking bout eternity...
Re: wife appreciation. Amazing and admirable! This comment rocks!
make that 6 in 2 innings!! “: 5 #Tigers home runs in last 2 innings (including Fielder's first). Getting me excite for the season!”
"All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt." - Charles M. Schulz ---Happy Valentines Day!
Look forward to welcoming you to Stay. Contact us @ , if you would like help with plning visit.
Not to me. As soon as I saw him on Nadal's side, I was ready for this result.
Sounds really cool! I especially liked Adrians breakdown & what sounded like a chorus? Always did have a thing for him
Standing O for Octavia Spencer. True love.
R Wonderful Re-tweeters
Old-style businesses will not be obsolete, they will actually be an critical element of this new civilization.
Its 4am n i got women tryin to hang up posters n dudes tryin to rock out with guitars n basses lmao wtf...im off crown n redbull so its ...
lol right I gotta try up there and ight tell jack she betta not act funny lol
Got to get pronunciations right for the audiobook. Why, oh why, did I mention Gobekli Tepe, a temple in Turkey that's older than Stonehenge?
My two daughters and my mom are with me today. Life is good. Life is great!
Yeah, I never would say otherwise. That's way I'd say 'winking nod' instead of 'biting indictment'.
you're amazing! That is huge. Can't wait to watch :)
Thank you for the RT and all the support!!
Check my book out on www.worthyofpublishing.com username Queen Regina
Hooray for being the only one tweeting....
A BIG thanks to Kristin and her mom for buying my prom ticket. :)
What happened to your j-hawks Monday night?
Spent about an hour in the freezer making pallets just now. Whats cooler than being cool?
Looking for qualified candidates: Network Programmer @ A studio in San Diego, CA. Ping me if you want additional information. Thanks!
Choosing the photo for the cover of "Beautiful Comeback"!
Hey! How was your talent show yesterday AFTERNOON?
stealing my made-up words?!?
I hope u do too I am blessed to be able to go to these games
Just ate at golden corral lol thats that (fat stuff) lmao
True story. Although I did just qualify for my gold card...
In middle school I won an award from for my now useless skill of being able to set type & use a printing press.
Remember to live your life while pursuing your dreams... And watch out for wooden nickels, lots of them in this world.
Great shows with #austinmiller and #connorobrien, #nicholasrodriguez you were missed! Overnight in #costarica see you Monday night, NYC!
tomorrow at Pier 60 human statue salute to jugglers!
start one for
…<U+2727> Gas is 4.49 in Chicago <U+2727>…
look at you updating your picture! Shirtless?!? You skank!
Living the life.
Dang it's raining and I have no one to pop popcorn and watch a movie with
Trust is the secret sauce of everything
your a boss
Thank you Clem!
*hugs* I always hated having to buy father's day cards cuz none of them were true.
where's you go? :(
Let's get this party started!
feel better! Its new years eve tomorrow!
Waiting on #MadMen with
Hi Dee, we will be creating videos for the Kobo in the near future, check back for updates!
Haha I actually wasn't think sexually. That would be gross. So you are obsessed with them?
Not that you need an excuse to have a few beers after work, but what better than FREE BEER from 7-8pm. RSVP to !
Shaking with anger. If I was in MS i would have beat this nigga
Thanks, but no Macs for me. This is a strictly Windows household. My husband runs our servers on Windows 7.
Two things we never get with respect to the contours of ideology are a synoptic view and a strictly positivist account.
#NeverJustAGuy who ISNT a man of God. Its a recipe for disaster
Become a cash flow king. Manage cash flow like there is no tomorrow. -Jared Reitzin
You need to be more brave, like me. But I guess I'm only brave when hiding behind a vacuum, which is weird &maybe not so brave
My phone now auto corrects "goddammit" to "GODDAMMITBRANDON" hahahahahahahah
With in AZ watching for the first time!
RT : Received the endorsement today! Proud to be a strong advocate for our public employees!
Haha there's a grad student named "Will Robus"
fabulous, see you lata
good luck Lionel:)
hahaha, to each his own I guess. I haven't lifted a weight in like 8 years
RT : A3. Companies today are adapting to a changing marketplace, positioning for new work, and retooling BD efforts.
Go follow my band for updates our new single :D
thanks for the re-tweet! you always re-post the BEST sales!
Thanks for the wonderful Yankee memories Jorge!
We're so happy to be featuring the Upper St. Clair choir today during our broadcast. Thanks to them for sharing their love of music with us
#thewantedfollowme PRETTY PLEASE :o)
He's All Fine :D & I'm Blessed I'm Blessed :) You?
Yo chick , she so thirsty
Baking bananabread for the trip to nationals on saturday!
twitter now too? You're so in touch with the technology pops :)
congrats! Lookin good!
Waking up early even if I don't need to. Tired of always running on Laredo time! :/
WE BUY ALMOST ANYTHING OF VALUE !30 DAY BUY BACK OPTION STOP BY FOR FREE LOTTO TICKET ON FRI 12/23/11 (ONE PER PERSON WHILE SUPPLIES LAST )
haha I'm adding u!
it gotta be three woops!! Lls
respect ya mind and celebrate the best of times
O'Reilly: "Viagra should be covered, birth control should not." We knew that was coming. Fine! Then NO coverage 4 your F'IN lil blue pills.
the website is a consumer facing website. we also do corporate specific websites for employees only etc
the hash slinging slasher
Please, for the love of god, DO NOT trend beibs........see if Canada will take him back. If not, can he be thrown over Lake Erie?
Caught up on some well needed sleep from this #followyoumusicvideo! Was well worth the extra time though! Its gonna be A.M.A.Z.I.N.G!!
In A/C class. More interesting then you would think.
ps3 for bluray, graphics, quality. Xbox for selection and multiplayer that will help you choose
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
You gotta hit up Jerk Machine by the Lauderhill Mall tho. IT'S THE BEST!!!!!!
Oxy MO: Government Initiative
my birthday is tomorrow :D i'm so excited!
I need to watch more on them but I'm not worried.
thank you!
4 straight days mixing in the studio. Track drops tonight!
im good. and you?
My mom is talking crap about me on Facebook like I can't see it. Well, thanks..
Aww man, I'm in the AK until next Monday morning, the 14th! #boosauce We'll chill in Btown in September, though.
"If dying is your way out; then count me in, I'm coming."
You're like a moday, cuz nobody likes you. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
You're so right. Thousands not hundreds.
- big booty bitches
I hear that! ;)
Get away day! Let's do this New York!
happy birthday ! :D <3 i love you and so do the rest of the #mahomies ! don't ever give up on your dreams <3 love you (;
Honor someone you love! For Breast Cancer Awareness Month, we are naming Badges of Courage after 5 women!
love you hvac godmother :)
April 1st challenge? Any takers?
Last night was fun as fuck! That shit was crazy!!!!!!
I'm in a limo.
damn reality..
RT : New approach to hurricane Irene. I’m going to try to reason with it.
Reid was the guy at Right Tackle until #Ravens signed McKinnie on Aug. 23 last year
NC Cultural Resources Newsroom » “Black Women – Songs and ...
I will always feel bad about asking for a ride home. Always.
Got the GPS I wanted -- completely by chance. Target dude with a stack of them came by and heard me bemoaning my loss.
fo shizzle! It's a plan!
And we have the Provisional Constitution it replaced here in our collection!
We can't wait for a new stadium!!!!! The time has come!!!! SKOL Vikings Nation! Purple Pride forever!
Like how if Raimi hadn't made Spider-Man and Singer hadn't made X-Men (or if lesser directors had), we wouldn't have Avengers now.
GAGA's new single striking a sour note with some Catholics. Story now on 7news.
Trying not to be a dick about this, but when is the VidCon video gonna be uploaded? Cause Im super excited! :)
Project kick off today for a system-based eLearning curriculumn. Not how to use the system (clicks) but what to do with the data displayed.
it's awful that you feel disempowered as a father. How can I vote to change that without taking away someone else's rights?
Yo cat bleeding I think it cut itself and yo cat feenin yeah I'm talkin bout dat
RT REALLY ARRESTED FOR A 1,000 PAIN PILL'S...
RT : TV show Who Let the Dogs Out Talent Search this Saturday in Granada Hills, CA. Learn more at...
She left me now I'm home, with nothing to do :(
dont't u hate when the woman u r supposed to marry still text other guys behind our backs!!!!
A lot of our ops require civil/military engagement and not adrenaline rush stuff which is costly and scary and doesn't last
Mm they're so bang! Don't we do this err day day
Usually Monday are boring but I had a fun and great day today;). :b
I need money! lol
What makes a junior person stand out: "Fighting for an idea; going out on a limb for something they believe in"
McGill tip: use U.S. Freedom of Press to tell stories about countries that are unable. By talking to immigrants, we can tell their stories.
Agreed. I'd rather elect a talking horse than a mean spirted, arrogant, penguin accosting Jack Ass like Gingrich
Excited for tomorrow and the future of Babes at Sea. Here's to romance, freedom, frolic, and bright red lips.
please add us to the list "student-orgs". Thank you!
We might be able to help. If you'd like us to provide more information contact us at . Have a good weekend!
Wow, it could GO either way!!
how about Laika in honor of the first dog in space?
This is so awesome... I know someone who made it on American Idol
Can't wait to hear speak at ACRL next month!
No doubt. Good for you though. I wish I had a sweet bike.
SPOILER ALERT: For those who will be seeing Titanic 3D in theaters... The boat sinks.
Thanks ;3 “: S/o to my new Follower Follow her she sexy ;”
we had some good times at FAMU endless laughs
#Imagine You wake up in the morning, in your room full of roses and a note from Austin saying "Happy one year anniversary"
Rutger Hauer is awesome in that one
RT : RT : Join us for our "UnSpa" Week of Wellness & the opening of Any three 30 min...
I think I am going to have to hit my "secret" Targets, like I did for #Liberty - this is #missoni maddness!
I don't recall needing to contact/call you back <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
As a long time Jags fan, I want to say welcome to Jacksonville! We are so pumped to have you and I hope you like it! :)
My stomach hurts so bad:/
hey thats even more awesome! High-fives 'round the office!
lemme know when you wanna start editing this footage
Our new Kodak 9300 is almost installed in our Dupont Circle practice. Panoramic & 3D images all in one!
Was yesterday's educoach chat saved anywhere? will 9pm Unmistakable Impact chat be saved anywhere.?
thanks jeff. Good to see that it takes Christmas to get a re_tweet
I'm so awkward, uGh asdfghjkl;
Thx, Judith! It's easy to do a good job when an author is as easy to work with as you!
Please do more specials on entrepreneurship - we need that right now to get this economy going
Have you guys ever realized that the brain named itself?
We still have 1 opening in both our 5th grade girls and boys divisions for the Holiday Tournament! Call us if you are interested!
Watch Shawn Leigh Alexander on An Army of Lions: The Civil Rights Struggle Before the NAACP at Kansas City Public Library...
Pittsburgh foodies: I've a hankering for soft shell crabs. Are they on the menu anywhere? Strip District or downtown ideal.
"Beauties Always Win! Is It That Hard To Understand!?" - And then, Bianca Won. LOLOL(;
listening to ur Scottsdale mix on way to #Coachella w
"Jesus answered,Verily,verily,Isayunto thee,Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdomofGod."John 3:5
just finished the book and it is fucking EXCELLENT. totally there to see the adaptation
A special day game here at CONSOL Energy Park today! Jhonny Montoya is the starting pitcher for the Wild Things
What an incredibly long day. I think I deserve some carbs
In this world man must either be anvil or hammer.Henry W. Longfellow
haha same shit xD were still on the same steps
I don't want to play that game lol...do u have "draw something"?
lol good! haha it probably is !
Why don't yah throw on a sweater young man, and come down and join us. Haha Cheers bud!
: So meta, I know. Plus, I'm actually AT work! Ha.
Thanks ! "and for fantastic entrepreneur training. #philanthropyday"
& PANIC!!! RT : That moment of fear when you can't get a ring off your finger.
MT : Gutmann: campus (brick & mortar) edu so successful b/c of motivation & passion from being around other people
I guess I'm lucky that I do have most weekends free!
hey I found your student ID at my house. I figured you'd probably want it back
Retweet this: Must Read: Top 10 Images in Pittsburgh Sports History bit.ly/s8ziu6
Ohh Merritt please be clear of traffic
Should be studying for finals but pshhhh I know I'm gonna fail them anyways
You should!
haven't played golf in a week.
This is some scooby doo and the gang type fog.
wish happy birthday please <333
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power. ~ Lao Tzu
Following my heart. Doin my own thing. Don't need nobody. I'm independent. Imma stay that way until I find someone that deserves me!
I've gotta wake up in 5 hours to go be funny on 98, but I can't get to sleep with all of these thoughts of Billy Ocean.
Hey guys
Happy #Friday ! what are your weekend plans? *stay warm*
would love to talk with you. Let's be in touch!
We do too--usually not #kosher.- all cooked in store. But we do try many product brand samples at
Nothing but a bunch of BS!
I saw that name and almost vomited. Thanks there buddy! hahaha. Feeling better now.. what brand r ur wheels?
4real..I'm bout 2 once I take my certification test...
Unacceptable Behaviors: obscene or suggestive sounds
is that chandler?! Hhahaha
miss you too<3
I say nothing
that... may just be the tipping point that makes me buy an ipad!
Is the Twitpitch still coming up?
Im good just taking a mini vacay b4 more birthdy Sunday. I'm doing the Pack a Purse project again. I need some bags
"When the wind rises, some people build walls, others build windmills." Chinese Proverb
Buffalo wild wings with the crew!
I want to see him even though we had a fight yesterday. I guess I'll have to wait until tomorrow..:/
I am into it!
How come Coyote never catches Roadrunner?I wish that could happen someday.
Gather up your tears keep em in your pocket save em for a time when your really gonna need em
AH! I miss you Canada! Come see me soon!
Okay good :)
Sidebar: I'm so excited for MITT ROMNEY to be my next president, just like !
ooohhh I'm so sorry. This was strictly fam weekend. Next time I swear with the SAUCE!
Thanks a bunch for the RTs... greatly appreciated!
“All great changes are preceded by chaos.” -Deepak Chopra
does anyone know any places i can download free music for my ipod, bc i accidently deleted all my songs
I wanna text #Oomf somebody DM me !
CHICAGO BULLS WHAT!!!! SOLID WIN
Thank you all for continuing to donate! We truly appreciate it. The LA Marathon is this Sunday & now it's time for me to do my part: RUN!
Yeah, that's what I'm reading. I was under the impression that you had already read it.
from now on when someone gets deservedly crushed, they've been "Osama'd"
Ah! I have about 10 minutes to record today's Docjazz6 vid O_O
Gym- check, Tan- i can't, Laundry- already done
Survey: Most popular Korean stars in 2012
Off To Interning :)
ty for the follow
I like Cadillac vs. NYG only a lil bit more because he'll get a ton of touches. However, without Urlacher Sproles may go big.
Bucs gained Vincent Jackson, Doug Martin and Carl Nicks. All 3 significantly more important than Falcons-Konz and Panthers-Tolbert
Rubens cuban! :))
I'll be gwaiting ... *combs goatee"
Me too we would kill it lolRT : <---- cast member for #realworld28 :)
I got dat d-weezy coming foe yew. Be scared!
I was not built for all this free time!
: U need data that indicates org health. Its about how people .do work. U need 2 find out what data is most important
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others
did you get to hit during BP?
me and are at the #NeverSayNever3D directors cut right now! ah!
Ate at independence Grill I got the Black Angus-then went to see Sherlock Holmes,and I was pretty GOod!
Chipotle for lunch after our APUSH test tomorrow?
Follow us like um...NOW?!;D -Samantha
would you walk down the street naked if given the chance???
2 more hours 'til happy hour!!! 1/2 price beer, cocktails & glass wine. Let the countdown begin =)
RT : Thanks for supplying our delicious biscotti we hold in house every day! We've never had a single complaint
Dear company websites, Do you even KNOW what passive voice IS?! Sincerely, The one by whom this tweet was written.
Sleepover at Kaylas tonight #Boo<3
Delta and Westjet will codeshare on flights.
Fuck it. I'm wearing a Tank tomorrow.
Kidnapping his daughters What a stupid show I'm upset tht The Preppers is a TV show Come on now An. Plnt U've got to do better
Last day of work before my trip to Belgium!
Shout out to my boy happy birthday nugga . Can a white boy get a retweet around here ?
i miss u jess.....why did our friendship end over something so stupid </3
ha. Ok. I didn't think so. I like it that you mention it. San francisco is FILLED with those idiots. Shocker.
my daddy got me chocolates and flowers for Valentine's day! he's the only man i need! i love you daddy <3
Just started using Google+ and I must say I really like it.
I like it. now you got it!
Good morning! Make it a fabulous day <U+263A>
Ohh well. And you're welcome, so have you ever wondered what the longest train for 2010 decade has been so far?
not that kind of sick... Been throwing up ALL day.. Really bad cramping.. Pale af.. Fever... (TOM time..) you know how I get.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Oh no! Can you DM me the cross streets?
and I appreciate it.
“If you want to feel rich, just count the things you have that money can't buy”
im wondering if half the followers follow him just to see what that nitwit posts
Dude, Mr. Bunga-Bunga is going to crash the world economy. Can't you make some calls and get him to resign or something?
What a beautiful day! Stop by our shop on for toffee or iced coffee!
Anybody wanna skype
Yeah I (DW still) like Smith a LOT, liked the darkness Tennant brought though & miss it now!
It's a type of night goin to be chilling wit my luv at come have some fun wit us :)
why aren't you in radio? Lol
Back at home..lets see if get interrupted back here as I finish my studies.
And Twitter hugs back, what an enlightening expression I think of little birdie wings all in a tussle in mid air. Have a gr8 day
this staying up late technique is not going so well. I feel so high. AHAHA. Been a long day. Very, Very long day. -_-
Workout done..now what
Congrats to #Houston MorganLewis partner Denise Scofield on her successful year as president of the great Houston Bar Ass'n!
RIP Donna Summers
where are u? Ive been off twitter a few days.
Ugh tell me why i got in my room and was about to check my facebook...-_- lame
Everything is $2 on Tuesday! Patron, Bacardi, Absolut, Goose, Jack, Johnny.. you name it and it's yours for $2!
We start at 10pm.
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals to Present at the Deutsche Bank 37th Annual Health ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Guys can be soo shallowww!!!! Theres more to life than just sex...
bangs & blue shoes should be the name of your first novel
Bizarrely, a woman approached me at the recycle center today and asked me a question in Hebrew. Is it that obvious?
That's what I'm doing. Go Tigers!!!
So My speech for tomorrow is 5:04 minutes. And then tomorrow when everyone does theirs it will be like 2. I really should be in honors.
Twitter is too emotional geez chill the hell out. Lol
Officially on vacation! Vegas bound tomorrow!
RT : #lrnchat - I'm going to work with the scenario idea today... <--Great! Yep, ping back if you need more help. I'm around too
Me and are on bus 77. We're going to the high school. Are you coming?
always brutha...anytime
Haters are like crickets they make alot of noise you can hear them but you never see them then you walk right passed them and their quiet.
Aww, Leonard Nemoy is there to welcome #Enterprise #OV101 to NY!
Twitter Mobile has messed up -.-
Oh man, I forgot how much fun Rock Band is to play. Thanks for reminding me!
Why do girls pay good money for bras, when I would willingly hold your boobs up all day for free.
hows new job?
Get it dirty again
I do it everyday lol ;p it's hot so free ball an make life easier haha
Christopher Columbus actually had four ships: Nina Pinta Santa Maria and Life's a Beach.
“ Live streaming service @ 7PM EST! Help us spread the word by sharing this post w/ your friends. See u there! Click here:...”
Strawberry margarita <3
Power nap, back in the studio Yeah! Later.
aww very sweet #dopetweet“: #SometimesIJustWant my mother to smile and be happy cuz times are hard and she cries alot”
not alot. I am pretty tired :P I'll tweet u laterz k?
People who are so upset by typos should really avoid the internet.
more than you will ever know. :(
Happy Thanksgiving Alumni!
RT RT : A man who moves mountains begins by carrying away small stones.
Before we get started w/this week's #femlead: anyone want to suggest a topic for 5/22?
can't believe I'm going into work in 10 min
"Midnight in Paris" reached $52.7 US and $98.7 globally as of yesterday, but foreign revenues have a long way to go.
CoD is like the Twilight of gaming. Massively popular but ultimately a guilty pleasure that is stunning game-art growth. Get Skyrim
I wonder if kids from China ever look at there happymeal toy and say "hey I rember making this"
I know, I know. I'm not really sure what this plans to contribute that doesn't already exist for free.
if you have an overbite, wearing a gold grill is being counterproductive.
Delayed or not, happy to be heading
How careful are you to keep your tattoo out of the sun?
Wow. We can negotiate NFL TV contracts in the #mnleg now?
Automotive Paintless Dent Repair can save you 70% less than traditional auto body repair. See us first! www.kingoftheding.com
that good??!? Oh man
watch and i will show people great things
Orioles pitching coach Mark Connor resigns .... we are talking about it NOW, at WNST/1570am &
Lots and lots of antiques in Kensington, but many twee, fussy, expensive. How about Good Wood on U St?
it is my email list so i don't need my own referrals :) it isn't really a biz - its just for fun :)
How was the Birthday
when are you headed to #sxsw?
ok boo
Happy hour starts at 3! Don't forget to check out and for happy hour as well!
10 days Till my Birthday :) my True Teenage years will Start For REal
Rats! Can't think of anymore.
Poll (Please RT!) - What Rookie will have the biggest impact on their team this year? Wall, Turner, Favors, Johnson or Cousins?
And you know this! I felt like we just won the championship all over again!
I'm going just need 2 no when I had 2 get out my bed
<U+2665> and #FF thanks for the follow!
day date wit wifey... first stop Blue Moon!
-------> RT : Chinese food sure sound good, all we I need is some to go on top of it :)
I love your show!
The clue was WEREWOLF and he knocked it out of the park
hey, you're my first tweet bestie
Oh my LORD! Somebody throw me on the beach, plz.
thanks for the retweet and for reading my blog.
kool! Where do u live!? :D
I'm ready to go HOME!
Its a nice day here inn Dallas Texas 214
first day of work = #success (:
Have a great week everyone. Let's make it count. Do as the RBB do. Don't take any guff from those swine!!! If you do, then do it cool.
adorable i Love LABS
Happy to help... promotion to follow.
You are going to be absolutely amazing -Heels or no heels ;)
can you add more sponsor apps please? i have 325 credits and i honestly needed more to get grand theft auto. thanks.
Hey can u please follow us? :)
OMG Danielle is driving me crazy!! STFU already!!
Such a good day. Gonna go ride that train ;) woohoo!!
Erika and I would love to see you. If the stars align maybe all five of us can grab dinner.
RT : $1 per game bowling @ AMF Rose Bowl Lanes + kids bowl free!!
good luck and relax! It's not too awful! :)
watched Gladiator again last night. After being to the Colosseum in Rome, the movie takes on a whole new meaning.
come out Iam almost there
ah that sounds fun! kendra and i have a viking festival to attend first. come to poulsbo!
I want Chinese food.
Re-discovering ATB today, and forgot how good his stuff is.
Welcome to twitter Dirk. Hope you make it a great today with your advertising clients in Las Vegas.
#quotes #music Music is the movement of sound to reach the soul for the education of its virtue. Plato. Have a rockin weekend! G.V.
Grown-ups?
JAMIE LAOU LOVES CUPCAKES JAMIE LAOU LOVES CUPCAKES JAMIE LAOU LOVES CUPCAKES JAMIE LAOU LOVES CUPCAKES JAMIE LAOU LOVES CUPCAKES <3
when is Ron Burgandy 2 coming out?
lol I sent that last night/ this mornin.. When u asked who was still up
Starbucks can be delicious but then it only lasts for 10 seconds <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
I think I'm going to have to live vicariously through my daughter's rebellion because I certainly never did go through adolescence
do you think I'm sexy ?
A Culture of Exceptional Behavior at Ferrara School
go to facebook and and like my new band page" the absent minded pedestians" thanks and peace
i wish the suns were in the play offs :-(
That's sad they painted over the red! Cool that it's still in the same shape, though!
Psanders is ugly in his profile picture tho.
anyone going to the band of horses concert in dallas apr 7th?
that's how we do!
the Avengers was TO EPIC!!!!
Thank baby jesus I dont haveta wait in this airport for 9 hours! Lol
Watching The Vampire Diaries. #S1E8 shoulda started watching this earlier. Its great.
When someone brings up an embarrassing story from the past about you that you wish had been forgotten.
Yea their campus needs to bring back the pink and green!
Thank you for coming to the trunk show and supporting and ! We hope to see you very soon! :)
thank you for stopping by to help at A - i'm messing up guy.
Up watching criminal shows. I love them CSI, Criminal minds,yes!
is this as good as GA?
Q4: Keeping variety going and yet simple
Welcome new followers! Say hello and introduce yourselves.
New to twitter...still has no idea wtf im doing XD
Witness says #roadrage death victim in Fairfax County was driving a Buick and "cut off" dark SUV. Details at 5pm.
In a way, I feel sorry for the kids of our generation. They'll have parents who know how to check browsing history.
RT RT - I need a punching bag .
how is it you've let your team slide to this point. Only 1.5 RBs on ur squad? I'll give you Jacobs- next week.
hating ass, you know your gonna watch it too lol
Football season is almost here for New Mexico? Are you ready?
Giants win and I am the happiest girl ever right now
I'd think the vagina makes MORE sense the closer you look at it. Lol
bored out of my mind in english...
Real life is for March.
I will be having a grilled cheese at ASAP... Putting you on the schedule now!
Oh wiki.
ha! gasoline #fail !!
have fun'
I just biked to school and was totally ON TIME! Take that petroleum based automotive infrastructure!
I been single for to long now!
THIS IS BULLSHIT!! The judge set bond at $150,000......
yes he liked it. He haven't wore it yet but he said tell my aunt nubaby thanks n I love her. I said sit down
As they say in sports, you need to leave it all on the field
Fuck English biggest bullshit quiz ever.
Current TV Finds a Good Number Within Its Tiny Ratings
RT : Good morning #SanDiego!! We hope you're able to get outside today and enjoy this beautiful weather! Happy Friday :)
I don't like to run in the morning, and by morning I mean anytime before 3 pm. However, race literally starts in my driveway.
Yeah it's going ok. Very good beer as well, which always helps. Learning to drive on the other side was a struggle though!
RT : Fowler to Steve Sands: "it hasn't totally sunk in...I've got a trophy" (and then his eyes filled with tears)
ok go on oovoo rosmil is gonna pick up something ill tell you there
until you got effed up with shaving cream tho .. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
. just accosted Kevin Spacey at the
Big congrats to who gave birth to a beautiful, healthy little boy! We love you Melissa and wish your family the best!!
We want to hear from you! What do you want to see more on SCAN: religion, politics, music or community-focused programming?
What? It's Monday again? ? *sigh* Why is it Monday does that when Friday takes so long to show up? :-(
Making purple drank in a Gandalf cup
starting a road trip & forgot my music. PLEASE help me out & play ram jam black betty?!
There comes a point where you have to be in or out. Eventually I'll move on if you don't grave me. I can't wait forever
Gotcha. Sounds good. Enjoy fam time. Talk soon!
I've started a blog about my life.
AH IM GETTING A LIL POMARAINAN PUPPY WHAT SHOULD I NAME IT any ideas..?
#Scarythought, why do I must identify w/ #Tami from #basketballwives?
Free otter pop on bruinwalk after a nice workout
All I Want To Do, Is Travel The world & Take Pictures.<3
To all NY fans mourning Mariano...KC breaks heroes in any sport. Send us your Sanchez.
Tony Melone-EVP/CTO Verizon -- Keynote @ Credit Suisse Media Conference, Verizon rules!
Thanks for the #FF!
sometimes - gucci mane ..
I'll let ivan dunk cause if not he won't make any lmao
Pricing is as much an art as it is a science. Case in point - the current e-book controversy. Market pricing has yet to stick.
Apparently riding a charter bus means drivers stopping every hour even though we're already late, blasting the a/c, and general indifference
it took me exactly 27 years to find u. I'm not letting go.
Off work finna head to da crib, fina hop on 2k12
Thx! RT : I recommend 's Pitmen Painters for what it says about our relationship with art, no matter who we are
my mom won't let me do it :(
Happy Easter peeps!
Dilemma: two internships that sharpen two different skill sets. Should I get more experience w customer service or book/ephemera cataloging?
Jessica doing a gud! Luv her
I love my new followers' feed! You guys rock!!
#loex2010 librarians involvement in a blog allow the librarian to be more connected to the research process - twittering helps this connect
R u @ the Expo today be sure to stop by booth 707 #chiropractic kits are almost gone. A $25 kit is yours
and if he steps outside the police will shoot him dead
I have to remember that I do kind things b/c of who I am & who God is, not b/c of who the recipients are. None of us deserve our blessings.
It was and I've shared it with colleagues! We're going to discuss it further in our meeting tomorrow :)
Simon Cowell thinks he so cool with his white teeth.
This is hands down Julia's worst outfit yet.
nothing really , trying too move bck over there !
People get angry when i say shit like that...yall made me this way.
JUST A S/O TO THE ABSOLUTE BEST BAND I'VE HEARD IN A LONG, LONG WHILE...T/F/S...
Bad flu going around...knocked me out for three days
It's fondue night! Do you have a favorite beer to go with cheese fondue?
R.I.P Donna Summers!
real talk... i just play along most of the time
Making the one you love smile >
Whats up DJ!!
3 way calls with and her mom >>>
What do you call an ant in space ?Cosmonants & Astronants !
Tomorrow is birthday!!!!! Make sure yall send him tweets ALL day!!!!
oh hush hush ;-)
yay you got it?!
fuck spelling bee :(
But even the sun sets in paradise...
Kids w/ untreated dental cavities can have stunted growth & body development. Com Dent Oral Ep, 38, 2010. A Cleaner Mouth, A Healthier You!
My God! There are still stupid people in Houston!
you don't wanna know
Need help with your taxes Sarah? Keep us in mind! (888) 690-9245 Just a friendly reminder :)
#justsayin when you step in some water wearing socks -.- not fun
Getting a haircut
watching Hannah Montana: The Movie...hehehe <3
This is first time in 4+ years I don't have an official badge to #sxswi for too many reasons to tweet, but I'll def be at some parties!
Purchased a new frt load washer/dryer pair 3 wks ago-Kenmore Elite. Peeps at store nor install cre knew washer dr cld change sides!?
yep. this was definitely the first morning after i attended
You know it's going to be a great story when its starts off with, "So this b*tch!..."
No matter what i do...I can't get you off my mind!!! I'm talking about one person, and she knows who she is!!!
Katy Perry is my new best friend, AND she's going through some problems in her life. I can't just forsake her like that.
Hooray for ma!
what size??
June 2nd @ The Sunset in Seattle. We in there.
Ma dad in Indiana im thinking what's for dinner & he's not here 2 cook lazy me blah
that was a really interesting segment regarding tornado chasers.
in chicago :)
Steelers-Packers: That's a lot of Stencil font.
Have you heard of "Borderline Personality Disorder" Joan Crawford, Pricess Di and Marylin Monroe have been said to have had it. Palin??
Haha! DvD watching mode can be fun :)
Deja keep talkin bout my old a** daddy lol
When you like stuff on Facebook you feel like following them on Twitter!
Watch for us to be a part of Tuesday's Child with Kathy Mykleby. It's sure to be a fun time with her!!
brutal. That was a foul on the keeper“: What's with refs cheering for all these top teams...chelseas goal was bs”
bye CEBU...hello CALIFORNIA...
I miss my boyfriend <U+E328>
Try It's a much better idea. :)
My heart is so confused!! I need help!!!
I love your Alaska books! Read them all many times. I'd love to read about Shuku & Takha as older boys.
why the hell ii wasn't invited to this event.,,
Today's a good day :) lol #UKiss1300Day !
My birthday is one week from today. I only want two things: 1) A start date, 2) A deal memo.
so, so happy for you guys! You go girl!
So is it BSBSecrets on here?
madison with reply sooner trust me I asked her a question and she followed me
logo designs? Movie posters?
i know yoru supper popular on twitter but please trend this for this girl #NiallHoranFollowvickkkkkkkkky1D thanks babe
Mom of teenager on ASD#Autism.Became advocate, belong to this family we all do, not one we chose but all belong to now.
Yeah that's what I said! dude, AAPL was about to explode over the past weeks.
absolutely! Thank you for following me. Love the website and great advice from tweets! Currently looking for a voice coach too.
green package or something like that. On an endcap, back end of the place, somewhere near 1600. How's that for specific?
"sex At Dawn"
I voted for you.
"I don't need love anymore/ I need pressure/ pain, my veins/ feeling so electric"-Evidence. Mega accurate.
ill do it then get back to you
Stand by- we are experiencing some technical difficulties with our website. Should be up and running in no time!
- can we get a mention 4 Shoot 2 Cure event on fri nite @ Chargers Park? DM ur e-mail addy. We'll send a release
It was...especially with Braun and Hart sitting out. At least Twins tickets should be easy to get in August!
If u walk out the house looking like you stepped outta baby gap #slapyourself put on bigger clothes *letting it all hang out*
Congrats #LadyVols on the SEC victory! I <3 Pat Summit!
gotta love it. Jeez.
This weekend helped me see the purity of love, and realize how much my family means to me...can't quite put it into words
Off #Peytonwatch duty for the day. takes over the night shift
50 followers, WATCH OUT NOW!!! :)
awesome! I'm just starting the P90x.........I'm sure you will look and feel awesome when its all said and done.
Bout to head to the airport for Kosovo!pray for me and my team!:D Jo-nathan
I'll make that ish for you in 4 months :/ I needed viktor to win!
An entire year of hell is over. I have 2 words for you Physics, FUCK YOU.
#1:11 & all is well in the world.
WE JUST WATCHED THE VOW DURING THE CELTICS GAME
maybe u ARE right! It's drizzling here too! Hooray!
Today is gonna be a good day. I just know it.
Gotta bible in my hand and a beard on my chin
#CbusMarathonTMT - I just started the Nationwide Insurance Columbus Marathon. Wish Me luck!
they were only due to the school by profs today at noon so hopefully we'll hear tomorrow? probably Wednesday though. :/
So women are at the beginning of building a language, and not all women are conscious of it
Love the offense/defense sub out of Thomas by Thad.
praying for you, if you need anything let us know.
rachel maddow, where art thou?
Hi! I hope to be drinking soon at a party... hahah Happy Day!
thanks for pointing this out... Shane is the worst with grammar.
raining! <3 I love the smell of wet grass :)
Do it! :) If you do, let me know - I'll make an article about it.
And really there is business before pleasure. This is a democracy, you do need a consensous to decide the quality of light bulbs. What joke?
If you were in a deep convo w him only to have him stop texting and you still havent heard from him in the past 24 hours,
Anyone out there on twitter-verse have some good resources on #digitalhumanities? I'm interested in learning more about the field!
Would Kobe let Steve Blake take that shot? Would Michael let Steve Kerr take that shot? HELL NO, even if they were in a slump they'd shoot
Sometimes it does feel good to use a pen and write in a notebook. Much harder to accidentally delete. ;-)
: planning, writing, editing...
the baby birds and i seem to be on the same hunger schedule though.
Haha! By the way, it's very nice to e-meet you :)
I know right need to start booking in the summer
Light, steady snow “pounding” the area, in the parlance of local news anchors.
Just got attacked by a tranny on ave A... Real
warm fuzzy slippers from make a wonderful holiday gift, especially when it is 30 degrees outside!
I bought some at Uhaul for $2.50 to $3.50 each (I needed specific sizes) then have scavenged the rest.
Brown Bag with Heather Hale
I may be working on Friday after all, but you should still come in. I figure we'll hit the river Saturday! Call me for details.
i need a phone asap -.-
RT : Come see The Cheap Shots rock the Milwaukee Ale House - AGAIN! Saturday, May 19
Lock it in and turn me on.
Urr on the riGht track ;)
If you still talk about it, you still care about it.
So staying up for that NJ/FLA is kinda kicking my butt right now.
Mark Twain penned plenty of my preferred political proverbs. :) Thanks for sharing.
O yes RT : Two great spots in Chicago to watch the Bears Game tonight Go Bears!
L Moore's awesome new book: Sister Arts: Erotics of Lesbian Landscapes (1/2)
So confused! Hotel room clock set back automatically.
Bridesmaid dresses at www.shopshop.com
“: Singing Shake Señora with >” Pitbull. Really. REALLY?
didn't get any I called u now
I am writing up a resume. Any way to see which semesters you have been on the dean's list?
Congrats to #teamPSE client Cam Newton for breaking the rookie passing record!
My name on the 'cleared' list shows as GOOG. I like it.
its ha
the building, contact Sounds like a great place.
A piece of advice from someone who has made this mistake: under no condition should you open the lid until you're done.
you need to go outside.
When pinches me
Where has my motivation gone?
I'M BACK!!! rubber band man, BOING????
The weather is making this spring break look great
eating a poached pear with cote du rhone sauce....yum
I know Miley isn't God, theres one God and I love him more than her.
indeed they do. I love their moon pies tho.
At first I was thinking South region, but now I get the feeling they will go to St. Louis.
what's good
and are trending right now <U+2665>
Happy Birthday! Still funky & fabulous, just the way we love you.
I am endlessly amazed at the vast number of highly specialized hounds!
Good morning! Today ‘Abdu’l-Bahá will leave Washington for New York.
#FollowReader Thanks for RTing my misspelling. ;-)
Hm this is interesting
So baby, don't go go go, I don't think I'm finished with you yet.
Yo #NBC5 . Youre effing up my Biggest Loser episode with Santorum babbling... Making My Tuesday Not So Super
meet me at Night Moves
Just add bourbon. RT I wanna go to bed so bad but this "Cola-high" is f-ing me over in a big way.
I like Ville Leino tonight
Sitting in class watching Loiter.Squad <U+2665>
I'm on the job hunt..starting next week
Aint stay home to Babysit
Ready to #Win a FREE rug for your home? Simply follow and RT to enter!
U don't have to be rich or have a contract to follow ur dreams I defy that person that sausage no
HEY ERRRBODYYYY FOLLOW :) She's super amazing and you can relate to all of her tweets. oh and shes my wife kk. SO FOLLOW.
Am I the only one who thinks Vday looks like it would stand for vagina day?
#sacscoc Just because a student can Google and game doesn't mean they can be successful online.
RT : "Detroit is big enough to matter to the world, but small enough for you to matter in it." Love this
Who has the best chicken wings in ?
“: WSHH need to do more Thick Girls Thursdays. #Addicted <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>”<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> sad case
My fever is down to 98.4... getting back to normal!! i usually run at about 97ish
672 calories burned in 40 minutes with #TurboJam woohoo! Now I need a nap lol
I hate jet lag ah :(
I thought it was going to start pouring... and it did for a second... and then it stopped. Fakeout! Exciting weather never happens here.
Thank you, Ann. I accept via internet. RT : i'd like to give you a hug.
Would be pretty awkward if you had mentioned any of our clients in that rant.
A year ago today the US Government shut down US online poker.
OLD CHURCH FOLKS GOSSIP TO MUCH LBVS
ur appt moved up to 8pm so make sure you are ready!
Notes at the Blue starts today! Free lunchtime concert series at 310 W. Wisc!
Will you be with the same classes until June?
you are officially next on my list!
#ufc143 is what is wrong with this country
A guy at the office got his invite to purchase one today.
please follow me <U+263A> I am your great fan<U+2663>
Ha Ha Texas beats Kansas
follow back? :)
Scully really needs to be issued a Heckler & Koch MP5. Has that little pistol ever done her any good?
I love being sore the day after a great workout
I'm very glad you agree!
I like to think of the Lakers jamming LDR in their locker room after a loss.
I am looking forward to Season 3. Love the show.
- it should be noted that "not being afraid to fail" is a mental power that can be taught.
Look for me @ the Robin Hood event Monday night here in NYC
Make the money,dont let the money make you
I look forward to making your dreams a reality!
I'm about to upgrade my whip for the summer on you haters
Only 47 entries remain in our $100 Sweet Sixteen contest, 39 of the 47 have Kentucky as the National Champion, 4 have KU and 3 have tOSU!
Shiiiiiit! My farts smell so bad
Your dreams are more powerful than your doubts.
WHY DIDNT YOU COME TO SCHOOL TODAY! i missed you also shaina and we put your books in your locker!:)
everybody pray 4 japan
I just love when my "friends" add my ex on Facebook... NOT!!!!
Thanks for retweeting!!
RT : "Baby it's cold outside, but I understand that no means no, so have a great night and bundle up!"
Its true it does not. Lol. Blessings! RT : it's all good.. I don't think coffee helps fingers.. :) bless ya!
hope you look at that reseller shop in the feature. Should be big hurrahs for handmade/vintage/supplies. Not resellers.
Lunch is at 1 but I'm going to miss that's. salty right now
v-day hugs to friends and fiends alike.
I need to meet with some interesting peeps.
His tax returns are in the vault where he has his Swiss Bank Account.
Floyd Maywhether won't fight the Pac-man cause he knows he'll lose. If Floyd loves money so much, he'd take that payday. Egotistical coward.
Scary people must be avoided!!!
Last day of training at my new job
wing champ AND UCAR driver?
wat up follow back :))
Thanks for keeping me in the loop!
RT Who cares, he is Kobe right? Right. RT : RT : Kobe is NOT Jordan . Period .
I want all people to know every law that exists in their nation, state or city, so as to be truly informed when new laws come to be
anything to help a video guru out!
Thanks for promoting the Atwater Village tour! #GOODLA Today at noon! Join us!
Curtis A Funny Mf'
im still confused ahah
Finishing up the week with a few more people to train.
back to work after spending some time contemplating the vowel-colored "r" sound.
many will play few will win.
Beeeeeah meeeeah To My New Followers -
haha :) guess we need to learn how to putt
I need help planning a backyard wedding!?
I'm more concerned with appearance than functionality
we're the coolest kids and we take what we can get~
At least they are pink slipping everyone today, would hate to drag out the pain of the demise of the shuttle program. Sad.
I feel myself turning into a skeptic again...
Words from Dennis Bartels "New buildings are stage sets." After the move, that's when we figure out who we'll become
delete it -.- now.
#TEXASFRIGHTMAREWEEKEND i'ma meet ANTHONY MICHAEL HALL FROM SIXTEEN CANDLES AND THE BREAKFAST CLUB!!!!!!!!!
Good Morning :) <3
:-) I think many cookies have magical powers, They bring out the smiles! Heart-shaped ones also bring awwwwws. :-)
where do u get all these pics? love them :D
Following my dreams each and every day. Not letting anything get in my way. I'm 23, and not stoppin anytime soon.
": #ILookForward to coming home soon(:"I should be There Friday Morning we Need a Ride to Go outt!
So is the hockey community still rushing to knock Sid off of his spot as the best player in the #NHL for Giroux?
How can we help re: logistics?
Just received it thanks!
I was confused about the server message. When it was a password issue. Thank you
Orioles paying over slot on some picks. Drafting hard to signs, paying them what they would have been offered, had they been taken earlier
TY!! More peeps I'd share coffee with:
I am in a Ph.D. program...and the fact that I am pursuing it has opened doors for contributing...so I would say "yes".
awesome choice :)
RT : Props to Susan Siavoshi, professor and chair of political science, for receiving a distinguished University service.
Got a long day ahead of me!
Found my stash of Reese's PB Cups from Christmas! Today is officially a success
lol, no worries. I have more up my sleeves :)
I'll check hir out! (Did you notice the new pronoun I learned on genderfork?)
Ok why can't I follow anyone anymore?!?!
As stated, get your Moscow Mules ready for the last show, and the best place to get them in Pittsburgh, is Penn Fixture & Supply!
Grilling Snowball burgers for the SuperBowl in Fort Worth Texas!!
Remember, FREE ground shipping on any order within the Continental US it's today only. You have until midnight EST, use code UNCLESAM11
AWESOME Study Break No. 5--Get your photo taken in a galaxy far far away--go [Hans] Solo or with friends for a group pic. 7-9 Final Perk.
The Mechanical Turk requester interface is making me crazy. CRAZY.
Song- Monkey Man Album- Let it Bleed
Which is neva!! KEEP SPITTING!! KEEP SPITTING!!
Playing with QR code for a poster..kind of fun!
Sleepy & Tired.. Tired & Sleepy..
If you can't look back on having given love and attention to your own family, what have you really accomplished?
I picked the beat up, but then I let it drop.
If i have to call you one more time, I swear!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Watcing Beauty and the beast. #childhoodmemories :)
I can't believe the admins took that path. 420 is always an embarrassing day to be affiliated with Uof Colorado.
oh wow.Was waiting for someone to call this guy out.Can't stop following him though as his tweets are train wrecks (haha). Bravo
Ha! This is ONE AMAZING BOOK MY FRIEND!!! WOW and WOW LOL!! LOVE U TOO!!
RT Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure
I named my bulldog DH because he's lazy. - Ozzie Guillen
moving where?
happy birthday, dear hero :)
is journalism as content curator a blow to investigative/deep reporting?
mental toughness! Train the brain to drive the machine u have! Good ex J.noah, bad p. Jones of baylor.
makes me proud to be a hawkeye
Can't frickin wait to watch you guys burn it down tonight!
good. Maybe he can go back & sanitize all the awful references from his unenlightened days...
and got the nerves to have a baby on the way! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Thanks for the recommendation. Next time you're in the area, stop in & I'll give you a Twitter discount.
15 years sober today! Time flies when you can remember what you did last night! Back then, I had no idea life could be this incredible!
Yes! What do we have to do to enter?
If you think Ibaka deserved DPOY over Chandler, read 's timeline. So much more to defense than blocks. He's good, not great.
what a lovely thought... Which was more entertaining, game 2 or 3?
I'm a one-man non-traveling team art advisor. Call me Justin.
meet he jus moved there!!!!!
I believe that relating to lyrics makes you feel less alone.
Tex is coming out with "Sprinkle Of Greatness" mixtape in Feb. 2012! Be on the lookout!
beware...that way lies cheesy official songs, odd-looking mascots, and breathy montages about archivists' life stories
I never saw you guys :P
You have got to be serious. America you are kidding me.. Jessica is the WINNER!!
"What gives a child born to rich parents more of a right to receive proper healthcare than a poor child? "
my pleasure! ;-) RT : I'm going to go for a coffee... thanks for the reminder
have gotten too many responses on this, I was just making a joke, I don't care about citing a tweet, thx all who responded
What if I don't want him as a friend :/
OMB... JUSTIN BIEBER IS JUST SEXYY!!!
dang it man I have to leave for my track meet at 2 so I am not coming over for mentoring...you picked a great day!
I cant wait to see
Facilitating a nap prOcess on the open space of my hotel couch...
Also, legitimately surprised at the minimal amount of trolling I've seem today with #UWRightNow. Badgers keeping it classy/constructive.
OH HOT DAYUM. THEY SHIRTLESS
you mean him?? and i need to see 2 and 3
Had an enlightening conversation with a friend of mine about the Bahai faith. I love it when my friends open my eyes.
Bieber is holding Mayweather's belt?!?! What?!?!
Students need to work in public to connect US (academy) to reality too?
can this Latina get a RT?! you were amazing! thanks for making us laugh like crazy ! :)
Remember that what the government gives to slackers it must first take away from achievers.
carpet will be the new toilet paper.
Yount hits a grounder up the middle, fielded by Quinones. But they'll only get Gantner at 2nd. One down, Castillo at third.
follow her today
Thanks we try to stay on top of what's hot and the latest news in the #Philly #Tech scene/community!
Eating spaghetti dinner and watching the movie, "Hereafter"
I Hate Sundays .. -______-
Eli Whitney: Honey, I just invented the cotton gin! Mrs Whitney: Big deal - who wants to drink a fluffy martini?
Maybe I don't wanna find a girl here. Maybe I've already got my eye on someone.
Where do you find monster snails?On the end of monsters fingers.
ARE YOU SURE !?!
I'm up -_____-
I am loving Sean Avery right now !
Trying to get this new newsletter out today! Stay tuned for some new great items at The Black Art Depot.
Ethnic edible at vino spiff fest today, stay twittering for my eat.love.burg updatrs
#Adele has got some PIPES! She deserves everything she gets!
If you don't want to take part in the process, don't expect to get the results. The journey is the destination.
Final top four rankings for 2012 #NFL draft, Quarterback. 1) Andrew Luck 2) Robert Griffin I 3) Brandon Weeden 4) Ryan Tannehill
I love you moose background... Later Moose
"As long as the outcome is income"
Done!!! RT : hey follow me back? #teamfollowback I followed you(:
Why it took me 'till 8/22 to bring in iced coffee for the office I will not ever know. Totally hits the spot this warm afternoon!
:P Need anything, let me know. I pretty much got this Twitter thing down pat.
"Good play by the ball boy"
Awesome-Sauce! RT : Nice lunch with the mayor, and
X issues is a definite turn off, especially when they're constantly re-occuring...spare the next til u done wit the X!
Apparent with all this Tebow talk, the media is just angling to create another Favre. "He looks like he's having so much FUN out there!" W/E
more like an apology to his sponsors.
Cosentino: First round case interviews are toughest. Partner interviews more open. Might just be your opinion on an idea.
Boah that food did me right! (:
Great idea to have students create their own paper through paper.li
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value. Albert Einstein
I feel like I should have fought for the higher pay here. Apparently we are willing or naively work for less.
i miss them too:/
are tests random or do players know when they are scheduled well in advance?
Soulja Boy got off on what you know
We are so excited!
Thank you so much for spending time with and tonight! Great insights!
This weather <<<<<
go healthfood store get arnica gel and put it on every hour. for the first 24 and ice it. That will keep swelling down.
Attachment parenting is idiotic. There I said it.
So much fun last night!!! Met some very nice people!!!
At least they are recovering with a "Vengeance." Float Boat almost hit an Iceburg!
Healer Intuitive Mark Earlix Coming to Chicago this weekend
you're welcome
That would be AMAZING! I'd like to do a #50ShadesofGrey scene w/James Scott, too! Lol.
What an odd past few days!
Q:In OBI, how to ensure badges are being given for learning/skils and not willy-nilly by any site? Any guards 4 this in the system?
I have a family to support. And I'm not always going to be doing exactly what I want to do.
#Offline #goodnight world(:
you captured the event and cause perfectly! Thank you so much!
Thank God It's Friday !!!
DIRECTV Launches Nomad
Never watched that show....need to! Is it on HBO?
Just a reminder Congressman Mike Coffman will join us on Thursday. What would you like him to talk about?
Awesome to hang with and chat #Bangalore and #tsw2012... More to come
Just made it in now im anout to get dinner started
you know starts with a "R" DO NOT SAY IT!!!!
#KEEPITLOCKED and follow for #NewEdition ticket giveaways!
My heart hurts bad for #troydavis. A pain in my soul. America, I hope you know what you are bringing on yourself.
How was the tour? So glad you came by with !
: We've decided it should be called #ChasingTheSunDay on May 20th what do you think? UK pre-order on iTunes now RT! http: ...
Thank you A & A! Can't believe you two were here 2 weeks ago now! Let's celebrate next time I'm in town!
A drummer is a musician's best friend. (from a Martin Mull album)
and thanks for the RT!
Yay! Adding this to my reading list!
Just did a little networking, now getting ready to do a 45 min. workout
My pilot this morning: "Today is a great day to aviate."
I like you xoxo *adds to fierce list*
it's an Honor to watch you and hear YOU sing. Thank you!!!
prefer to work with a script kiddie using good scripts than some of these developers writing beyond crappy "custom" codelol
Wowza. RT : Verlander 50th straight start 6 + innings. Only others who did that: Bob Gibson, Steve Carlton, Catfish Hunter
great meeting you last night my man. Great job on the panel! Thank u very much for the follow as well!
Ask. Believe. Receive.
Congratulations! A fantastic thing indeed!
could be better
=} hi.. guess i was frustrated last night, how's it going in cow town USA?
Keeping my fingers crossed!
I could seriously use a vacation. Who's with me?
Good news! just tapped Brooklyn Summer Ale!
to who
Tiniest of grey kittens crying under parked cars -- I am trying to lure with tuna, no luck! Feral, hungry, lost. Don't know what to do.
Snow cones...you know it's that thing where Albinos wear cones on there head and rave until they get some color.
good morning beautiful!
I've exceded my 12 hour work day by some time....
Not a good day.
Eating popcorn and rereading The Hunger Games. :)
I wouldn't mind if u was bi lol that would be little hot
I was disappointed in Hitman vs hollow. This is the second time hollow was in a belo avg. Battle. Not cool.
I dedicate my 540th tweet to and I to learn 540s together in June!!!!
I'm almost done with HOME my Toni Morrison. Her voice is very different in this one. Very different...
awww whhhatttttt white is so much better :P
i gt another question.lolz
we have it all in c-town buddy!
. will lead by example. We are all in this together.
dysfunctional relationship one has towards their relationship with their body
Over/under a week till ogando is the closer?
4/15/12 We are proud to be hosting the Jewish Federation of Las Vegas charity poker tournament. Come one and all for a great time !!
Long days at work can go to hell. I need, at minimum, 7 5hr Energy drinks.
Oh! iPod with headphone buds in AND a blindfold? Clever, Christian Grey. Clever...
exactly same here..?
and I can't imagine you MORE on fire woman!! Go girl.
some one want to tell me who the heck is
Have a very Happy Birthday !
the twins have fallen fast and hard. worst team in baseball
How was the concert?!?!
Thanks for the follow too! You rock!
Study? Nah, there's a special about Aaron Rodgers on. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Hurry up and get your spring garden started! Lettuce,brussel sprouts,carrots,beets,cabbage,string beans and peas will grow great now!
Now that's awesome.
Lakers are playing some good defense, but it helps that James Harden has apparently forgotten how to make a layup.
Off to go celebrate amazing week plus launch new website & #SAG new media scripted short
Cool! I'll play it a little later! RT : brass monkey
How can I work today and tomorrow when all I'm thinking about is bamboozle?
"WHERE'S OLD MAN JENKINS?"
63 left, short stack ninja w/ 18bbs
Start thinking of a program. As an uncon, you have the power to make this happen.
wish I could but I'm playin in akron friday night
Need something fun to do today or it's gonna turn in to a
I'm glad you woke me up at 6:15 so you could chew on a thermos.
he may have been but thats all they got from d-town, n if he aint hittin they r scoring 52 a game
it's all good
I'm so pissed ! I don't have all A's because of gym :/
Wow, so I haven't used this in a while...maybe that should change. Expect a few articles in the next couple of days!
Hey there, (Linawkj), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Probably the best couple of weeks #Charlie Sheen's could ask for during his #meltdown while using twitter comes in at
Watching Living Single-love this show!
PITTSBURGH! Presents SUMMER JAM 2012 @ Consol Energy Center. Follow them for instant updates, including performer names!
WOW you are an idiot for supporting #RickSantorum. Just quit talking while you're ahead
I'm in vegas right now! Seeing Frank Caliendo tonight.
Instead of screaming about job openings, You should want to scream about the people and opportunities behind the your company. Companies s…
#Sanford City Manager Norton Bonaparte: "Sanford needs to move forward, we need to keep going."
itchy itchy bye bye. smooth skin, oh my, I feel good :)
Thanks so much!
remember some places are nice for vacation but not great to live. It can be nice for a few weeks but you know were home is.
Help us save the Office Of Targeted Business from the Budget axe of The Detroit City Council! They are bringing real business to our City!
well I texted Elliot and it worked
I've always liked her too, but I don't think she'll be the mom! I recall him saying he meets the mom at Barney's wedding. So...?
And when you find that straight acting class let us know! Need/want to take one, too.
I did, till some A-hole stole it out of my car!! Hoodlums!!
#cuteandconvenient = dresses with pockets
I can't, it makes me too sad.
me too i like the sound guess that makes two of us that are weird...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
#Labrador #Retreivers are so #smart they have been known to self train, observing behaviors in humans and repeating them.
Hey can you follow me! Please!!!
#HappyHanukkah, Tweeps! Hope you're having a great start to the holiday!
Oh - only the best iPad game ever!!
you really love to do art?!
J. Cole - Grew Up Fast
Long boring day!
this is correct. We are building a mail/message platform for the site. Stay tuned as we will be rolling out soon.
this girl got me like.... 0.o lol she a strait 10
... plots & be mouthpieces @ expense of character& plausibility.They don't have internal integrityof well created charactrs.
it's been two years since i've had a class with scuzzlebutt. i can't believe it.
You rock, call ahead for anything you need @ 4079237040, Monica will take care of you!
Delay always breeds danger; and to protract a great design is often to ruin it. -Miguel De Cervantes
Put in my first job application today!!
strongly considering moving out of the country
stay classy
lol...i'm out of both:(
In the auditorium. But I only stayed for about 20 mins. RT : where we're you? I was looking haha
Early #FF Smart Women edition
My man! Thanks again! Good to hang with yall cats. Definitely be in touch.
Been out all day doing wedding stuff, spiritual counseling, cake tasting & visit to the hotel we booked whew!
Have u ever dropped ur phone on ur face? I have :) and I just did :P
Thanks! please let me know what help you might need I will DM you my email address.
hing they just get it.! <U+2661>
finally posted on my fan page's my band page the songs my producer & engineer mixed on 2/29, part of your heart and all i'm sayin. enjoy!
Hollywood Bar and Grill at 8pm. at 9pm. at 10pm.
hi i have a friend who paints too. i'll post a pic when i get it set up. her paintings are fucking sick.
It was a baseball kind of day....weather aside. #cubs! #sox!
Well. Wasn't that a fucking fun drive into work.
Yes, only other thing could find! We are ALL META-SOAMES! She, for us, is Beauty.
I already feel mentally checked out of school and that's terrible because I have 2 papers and 3 finals to take.
THIS THANKSGIVING AND CHRISTMAS SEASON I THANK GOD FOR MY HATERS.
Thanks for sharing!!
#skc win all things
What I hate? fat girls who are trying to be skinny
For brands. I'm an author.
“: Messing around with someone else's boyfriend just shows everyone the lack of respect you have for yourself.” amen!
It's open bar at Closet Sundays!
Im guessing you're there. sorry. I do know. its tear jerking, but u know u can't be around that without being that.
Training today at Wil-O-Way Underwood. I have been waiting *months* for an opportunity to put this velociraptor sign on the DFC front door.
totally! Super pumped!
Happy Earth Day! Purchase a book online today and receive a code for 25% off your next purchase! (S/H excluded)
In the jungle the mighty jungle, the lion sleeps tonight......
The both of you look happy together. She must be a good friend.
Dolphins name Packers Offensive Coordinator Joe Philbin Head Coach
I listen to 's mixtape #AngelsAndGentleman probably 189453219 times a day :) <U+2665>
seems like the World Series is much better than Monday Night Fumblefest
Tattoos are sexy AF. Especially on Lightskin Dudes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764> >>>>
he died exactly on my birthday, the right year to, sad....r.I.p
Fears like The Ring.
Kitten season. (:
How about I stay home and go to sleep.
. the one in franklin .
Got an Instagram. Follow me
Yes! Today is the day! See you soon!
Just texted bud and asked her 2 borrow 800 bucks can't wait to here the response haha
<U+FFFD>The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it
See you over there soon i hope
Almost finished
Tough Love.
i wonder if michael jackson never existed, where would music be...right now...
It's so amazingly beautiful!! Breakfast on the porch! Coffee & pancakes.
I hope I did not just see Rihanna in a movie that's coming out... Since when does she act in movies????
researching SBA loans (commercial property loans) - wondering if any commercial lenders are on twitter that can advise?
OR...the reason I ate/drank this for breakfast was because of
Definitely! Look forward to catching up soon. Once again, great info shared at
they haven't even played a regular season game yet and I want to just throw my arms up in disgust.
Their customer service is a joke.
So is it Friday yet?
how did u get so many followers .
You might want to check with Steve on that first...
Getting the reel together.
ACM- David Russell performs music for solo cello. Today. 12:15 PM First Church in Boston's Back Bay
RIP Whitney Houston so sad, prayers to her daughter and family.
Thank you so much for coming to the Genesis Awards
they played a few new songs but I grew up listening to their old stuff like Screen & Buttercup.. they closed with Buttercup
any mutv links...fucking adverts all over my stream.
Write your screenplay idea as a novel first to really get a feel for the story. Sell as eBook and publish it on CreateSpace.com. to test.
no it doesn't exist. You would use externship. I did my externship at ...
yup - Sara's graduation.
That awkward moment when you see someone copying your tweet two minutes right after you posted it... I'm not blind bro.
Naw i got a Samsung
the vmas were great: (mj tribite was great,russel brand was better than last year) and taylor was getting her first vma... and then kanye
ur confusing me now
Silly question but I can't find answer: what does BA stand for in your tweets?
Emma loves it! It's super fun! Any tips?!?
starting my sunday off right with brunch at Veselka
Cute black guys everywhere!
he told me the same thing last night...
Eyeballs? wtf was I thinking?!
lol come on down! The girls went to a concert so ots just the baby n i
Interested here in Maine! HUGE potential but policy makers need lots of educating...
Remember you are a creation of the infinite source of all creation, perfect as you are.
We still working to organize "Hotels" and "Bars" by type and should have them completed soon..."Entertainment" and "Accommodations" are done
Big #CSR day. & CSR Reports, discussion on outlook for corporate giving, and survey of corporate giving!
RT : Don't forget about the I Love Memphis party tonight at 5 p.m.
Have a super and sexy week ...
You doll..I love you..Getting ready to put your amazing record on and listen..xo
If it wasn't for my cuz talkin shid I woulda never thought of u 1st u had a #BADD reputation now u should never sho yo #face n public
Thunder up yall!
That shit be funny as hell!! RT : These niggas rolling on
Many don't know the meaning of true sacrifice.
Damn I just loafed really hard on my texts hahaha
haha i got the a anestesia done and i was messed up! Look at some of my tweets from yesterday and they look like: ksjsfu suxushe jkf
lies, all lies!
Hi, not sure what your photo is implying. Can you clarify?
Glad you enjoyed your #ShakenSTEAK Myra! :)
thanks! had a ton of fun :)
Today's beer challenge question: other than the obvious rice lagers, what style of beer do you like to pair with your sushi?
Thanks CE GROUP for making our ADDY JUDGING at the Pearl possible!!
yupp.. Yupp as usual x3... Of course i do i own it all x3. And u own me babe
I just want 2 thank both of u4 being reasonable people! Pay no attention to ...admitted troll.
Good morning raining New York!! Location scout of "The Wailing" SAG project. Test shooting with photographer!
last moment problem thus we postponed it for tomorrow :(
breakfast? you dudes still in the city?
. good luck to you and the crew. We #spacetweeps will be watching
Lots to finally be happy about!
Still waiting for it in Boston <U+2639> RT : Hello sunshine, nice to see you again.
Thoughts and prayers with you ryan
Smoking on that killa
Ready for new beginnings:)
good luck mollie-mae :)
We've noticed you've been testing the system extensively. Can we help you with questions?
Happy New Year! I'm actually in LA, lol
luckily it's not of myself. that would push me over the edge.
After all I do
Museums need to move from value in data to value in what is built *on* data
Great to see a pair of red tailed hawks circling over last night.
my research has lead me to a memetic hypothesis of how certain behaviors are transmitted across generations.
tease! You're not open!
that is funny..lol
True, especially really timely steals.
Everytime I get fucked up I be hungry as a bitch when I wake up.
You should sign up for our street team when we get it going
Im #highasfuck nd I look to my right nd im face to face wit
Unlocking many questions so far this week, on all fronts. #Excitingtimes ahead...
OMFG. austins cover of mistletoe! ---dead---
is old number 4 still content in retirement? It's about that time
The Seattle #Seahawks reveal their new uniforms today. Can't wait to see them. Hope they're closer to their classic pre-2002 look
why don't you girls night it on up to OKC. Laina and I are having dinner and drinks. K...bye!!!
haha, cheat. I'm good. mmh, how 'bout you?
We just found out we're going to have a baby!!! What a cool Valentine's Day gift from God!
i know way too many fakers, two is way more then enough
my bra is over there in my chair talking 2 some girl saying I got a blunt man u going 2 let me fucc something . Were they do dat @ (#^_^#)
RnB Meets Reggae Sunday July 8, Miramar Regional Park.
After currency, family currently
I've been wearing shorts & running shoes for an hour, patiently waiting for the T-storm so I have an excuse not to go. Now the sun's out.
3 New Artists. Unlimited amount of talent, and US. Put them together, we bring you all happiness.
I'm here -smiles-
It's Charlotte Bronte's birthday! Guys, go lock all your crazy gfs&wives in the attic and go seduce a steely innocent w low self esteem!
Even if the rose colored glass brightens and livens life up beyond reality, I'm still ok with those few moments of illusion
I didn't know that Comcast offered internets access to students in need for $ 10/month ?!?!? In Philly.
ha - awesome. *definite* classic Walter.
Well. Today is going to be awesome
#Vietnam Very special collaboration w Vietnam now as new generations of ppl focus on building nation, 30 April 1975 Saigon fell, 37 yrs ago
:) it was for like minded spirits
Well, Aaron Rodgers has his signature drive.
Its so hot outside
The Pumpkin Spice Ale has been brewed, boiled, pumpkined, and now sits in the fermenter!Who's ready for some great autumn brews?
imo, it could also be within a museum or history department.
OMG i'm in the laud-daudy we likes to party...throw back lol! *CreativeGrace*
lol RT : - sure is quiet at #BSides Cancun.... give us some tweets so we can pretend we are there!
Sweet! we rock!
okay haha. Thats gonna be hard for me tho cuz my stuff is so like detailed...do far ive memorized 2 sentences
Driving 2 W TX 2 document new 30 acre Village Farms greenhouse. Sustainable energy use, jobs boost, many cool things 2 see.
Going horseback riding :)
Haha I love you too garrett!! :) I hope you have a fantab christmas as well!! :)) #lovealways!
a little disappointed. just ended a gr8 support tech support call. initially thought help was robot & was super impressed.
aw poor Molly
Yay! New photo box coming out from #appo to replace discontinued Creative Memories Power Sort box.
Did it flood in? U still at Brittmoore RT : Who is all going to the Houston Dynamo Opener tonight?!
Thanks for the love and stuff, !
Starbucks is the official office of the network marketing industry.
Playing tonight @ the Mad Frog with AC30 and Jody Stapleton and the Generals. Come rock out with us.
It is cold in my house..... *Shivers* feels great tho cuz its super hot outside.
will yall send me those pics of us
haha yea I don't take it anywhere near a sink now
Decided to take a hiatus from twitter...Worse idea ever
This is Dave -- I did not make the wedding :(
Swapped an old hard drive back into my laptop tonight. Interesting to see the bookmarks list from 2 years ago. Times have changed.
Well I can't remember cause I was always high#teenagememories ha ha good times!
you'll see;)
Developed novel pipeline to track thousands of peptides from research subjects for developing bio markers
yeah it has to interlocking positions one is like an axe the other is like a hook
I have decided to give my belly button up for lint... I figure at the end of 40 days I'll have enough saved up to have a sweater knitted
bahaha I was wrong. the teaser was for letting off steam and #?!* but I really do talk to myself and that's good for me too.
Sometimes you're just that awkward weird 20 year old or whatever
lmao see I fuxx with you cuz your on your A game when it comes too this music stuff!!
So true! I make that all the time!
Omg this is the BEST DAY EVER!!!
I told my aunties happy mothers day nd I love you nd all they said was thanks. Smh I see
love my friends from high school
Can't think of what I've learned right now but I'll be thanking you someday
If I were gay in Iran, I would get out of there ASAP
You know him?
Special prosecutor confirmed Zimmerman is in custody, turned himself in
I hate when someone calls me & I don't answer and when I call them back they don't answer -_-
Emerald looks really. freaking. cool! #RevereisComing!
I did
God I wanna make some bucks easy like no prob. But my occupation sucks, call it a blow job.
bufffy r u an alcoholic???
Go Gophers!? Nevermind....“: Love me some March Madness.
I know, right? It seems you and I are he only ones wig the brilliance to realize that..
me mr wrong get along so good.
Happy Wednesday!! A little inspiration to get you through the week. "Do or Do Not, There is no Try." - Yoda
We couldn't agree more! RT Just 20 minutes in your day to read with your keiki! Great bonding, learning and sharing!
Selecting The Right Gas Water Heater
lol. Hahaha i know right. I was like uhh thanks sir.
I need more followers.. This Shiz is crazy :O
sounds official... nah it sounds like they sell fake jordans
We are so excited for the Bears Game! Join us for Great Food, staff and Awesome TV's with sound on!
Seinfeld "Dealership" episode, classic.
aaaxxxxxxx I'm fell in love with him!
Even the commentators basically called you a pussy Ivanovich. Get up and quit crying.
Join us for lunch! We are serving up some tasty dishes from 11-3!
In case you were wondering, Avengers was Bad. Ass.
Any Dallas TX area artists want to ride on the Tour Bus and Perform in AUSTIN? Call MD@ 254-317-5440. FREE RIDE!!! RETWEET!
lol yeah you guys are but owell I wish you nd your team luck
legitimate. I want to write short posts.
- They did and you transported them there!
Well that segment of Today will be a heavily watched YouTube soon enough
Hello Wednesday! There's no sunshine but there's sushi;D Please come in for warm threat or creative sushi.
A woman's fury isn't contingent on race. Mad is mad whether u r black, white, tan, etc. etc.
Are those the new jordan's
The right attitude..with the right actions...make things happen. Go take some actions!
Why would I give up either of those things?!? I would rather give up air!
That wall was the only thing Bryce Harper hit with his bat all night long
LMFAO!! We need to watch Mulan soon :)
Man I.cant count how many shots deep I am... Redic...
Be careful driving. There are quite a few trees down. Thankful to be home from work. No need for power where I'm going... BED!!! Goodnight!
Forgot my student ID so I can't even get my books. Why am I still here if I can't even learn? Deuces lol
More videos are in the works for all of you to check out. Check your inbox for an update for the new videos!!
"SADNESS IS A VICE" wrote Gustave Flaubert, sounding eerily like Jenny Holzer...
Because some people (who shall remain nameless) are douchebags. And to get along with them is to encourage them.
hahh forsure :) and i miss you too!!
Coaching is effective on the phone. I work w/clients in LA & in other states/countries, by phone/Skype. Most I've never met in person.
I should really set up my guitar soon...
But I've grown very fond of salsa, and I will learn how to make this non culturally constructed condiment. Lol
I'm seriously gonna try to get in shape
miss you!! Lunch :-)
Anyone who says sunshine brings happiness has never danced in the rain. ~
follow back?
#mtiprivacy Lillie Coney, EPIC - privacy policies were made in the USA; we exported it and now its coming back.
I have a secret...
Nice seeing you last night man! Let me know what you're planning for
Stan came out and did a wonderful job. He is very professional,knowledgeable and courteous. Represents your company very well. Jim N.
And I want to apologize for getting so mad at every little thing you said like I was a huge ole baby
RT ": Groovy RT How are yall doing today Twitter?!..(:" that's what's up! & you model hun? ... Yes ma'am
Thanks for the #MM and #FF love. I send great vibes #ED (every day) :p
Derek Jeter, shut up. If you play up to your contract you can say whatever you want. But only if.
Saw the CuteOverload post on yr Channel. Great stuff! Consider coming to #cable12 . Lots of networking opps with MSO's
Alethos anesti! Had some lamb on the spit today.
Whatever. Goodnight.
No sweat, Chuck, and right back at ya. RT Thanks for the tweet D. You're world class. Cheers!
Just saw the news. I'm so proud of my President today.
LMBO yeah pls let the stylus put the finishing touches on the do.
If Lincecum could just move the pitching rubber 18 inches to the first base side.....
I know. That's why it's so weird.
TONIGHT Rookie Night, Crowded Drunk-Filled House, Never Get a Cab for Cutie $30
ELBOW BARS YOU IDIOT!!!!!
I wonder if I'm on anyones #SomeoneIWantToMeet List :) HAHA JK [: I Will Like To Meet !
I'm glad you finally got that one out.
What the hell! Only in Ohio do we make games this damn close!
I hate running in cold weather.
Keeping north Alabama in my thoughts today – it's been a rough couple of years there with these storms.
ditto fellas.
At least this is about the issue. I disagree with your defs AND you're way off in your interp of my views.
Hello! Happy riding to you!
Don't forget your weekend orders for cakes, cookies and other sweet treats!
Watch the Monroe Varsity Boys Hockey take on Kenosha at Monroe SLICE arena Friday night at 6.
sure thing!
haha poor siri, we confused her
Milwaukee's junior guard Ja'Rob McCallum from Marion, Indiana will not play today due to injury.
DON'T DIE ON ME BIANCA...I haven't met you yet...lol JK
So what are you listening to this weekend?
I really want Rusty to marry me
Tom Hanks is always a win.
Tonight ! $4 ANY DRINK ALL NITE! Patron-Goose-Crown-AMF's-etc! 2 dance floors! Every1 free B4 11pm! Off Central & Filmore St.
Corn tortillas?
First run. Oh god
Lots of MLB scouts at the baseball tournament: Marlins, Devil Rays, Indians.....
no, he had a Texas license plate. Yelled at the cars passing by, "eff off" -- was v awkward.
You know what I love making? Trouble!
It's whenever boo. You already know we got to play catch up.
To Utica we go. See you at Nail Creek tonight.
I'm like you don't even know how to control a flip phone yet you can get in my twitter account?! And she said I had a life b4 I had you, cnt
Thunder and lightening storms are my favorite.
he is/was awesomely creepy in The "Big Love" series started in the 2nd season I believe.
Dick Dale brings the surf, brings the beats. Both are tonight. Listen 1st then get out there:...
lmao overreaction much??
Good morning <U+E04A>
Not one bit.
good night, Kathy. Enjoyed sharing the trip with you and appreciated the advice.
lots of sandwiches
so what happen to the #KONY thing where everyone goes outside and trashes the city with kony signs??
It would become my life's motto #I<3Waffles
I've died everyday waiting for you, darling don't be afraid I have loved you for a thousand years. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
found my yellow pompom maker. Left brain fart purchase at the shop. making some tonight!
yes, + effects are int'l, not limited to Gr. also rec "Lords of Finance" by Ahamed for insight into int'l coord or lack thereof.
Heading to OTR In about 20 min!!!!!!
Can't wait for saturday!
#TheVoice watching the only give you what you pay your cable for! Go Up! Thank you
it is DELICIOUS!!!!!
from #SLS12 to seeing , this past weekend was exhausting but well worth it.
I want ice cream!
i added you to my circle on #google+ , add me back already! ;-P
I don't remember them thinking helping others was such a bad thing when the banks were bailed out.
yes! I've been thinking the same thing. I mean... The bass! Ha
CAROL FINNEY, I loved the song BACKSTABBERS by the OJAYS. MITT ROMNEY takes so much pleasure in seeing a person suffer on the spot. NLD Mom
Your home deserves the best! With Statewide, you’re getting an honest, dependable home improvement company you can trust.
Go Vegas
could be because ur a red sox fan and gorgeous!! Go DUCKS!!!!
Kids 12 and younger are free at #Stutz open house Sat 2-7 PM. Herron doing art activities on 3rd floor.
i just woke a bit ago and hace to get this house packed up and ready to move....
why would we do that when we have the leverage to get something in return, this is a business not a charity
So true! RT "Treat everyone like a VIP! Because everyone deserves it" -
What's even better is when plays something I've never heard but fall in love with hearing it just the one time. :-)
#stevejobs #biography Is it already for sale in the Netherlands?
Also, gaining the beautiful acquaintance of tonight. Stoked for to finally join the party.
#ThingsMyMotherSays You think that's funny. Right?
Yo Udoka - you're the Seattleite I met at #ignitesf last night, right?
They got all kinds of kush!! Lol
It amazes me how some people think they can read an article & all of a sudden know everything about SEO. Please don't make that mistake!
I need a day off
A lot of followers of mine have been giving me flack for making fun of women in Philly. And your point? They're dirty hoes
Ima start ending my tweets with "-Chelsea but only if i have more space. -Chelsea
Pssst… go buy 's new EP! Now on iTunes! :)
YES. Haha I hope they take my picture soon!
hook a brother up
Ha she's stupid your hella FINE
The greatest motive in forgiving others is to give tribute to the forgiveness God has freely given to those who trust him.
RT : #Gophers coach Jerry Kill and QB MarQueis Gray among those to address the media later this afternoon.
#UShouldnt act like your not
Thank you, sir. Look forward to talking to you and your bro when the time presents itself...
Got my ass kicked at tennis by Ryan Cain today. Lots of fun. Now watching Bull Durham. Good day overall. :)
im not sure yet if its that but i think i am idk monica tell ya later!
I don't think this one can be Skyped, but it's something to consider!
Two more days in Teacher Appreciation week. Have you thanked a teacher today?
lucky you!! Have fun TTYS -JP
Happy Monday! Here's to a great work-week =)
No problem! Please stop by if you're in the neighborhood!
Congrats on getting your screenplay optioned! Exciting stuff!
needs to come collect his prize sometime today in stadium 6
Yayyy! Me, Katie and Trish got a prize for being FIRST at the Church! Woohoo! Can u believe it?! :)
See the losers in the best bars. Meet the winners in the dives.
Deities are invented by the ancients as an excuse for getting drunk.
Hoodie Sunday is off da chain!!!
#OSM licensing discussion hot & heavy and folks are not so happy but somewhat uninformed about the core issues.
lol I'm weak
yea in jail u have less responsibility lol
We're on Facebook too! "Like" us, check in, look at cute pictures, read posts, watch videos...all that fun Facebook stuff, Penfield style!
fuck the school
BTW I like the watch, reminds me of a Luminox.
this is it! we're at the tipping point. The actual fighting will begin any day now. Stock up on water, canned-goods, batteries & fuel.
I am my mothers son...
Ha! Good point. Spread it out over a few good parties.
Georgia Satellites, Alabama, Kentucky Headhunters, Black Oak Arkansas, Ozark Mtn Daredevils. Southern bands lack name creativity.
Blasting up 1D up in the mornin hour! One Thing, What Makes You Beautiful, etc..
i had so much fun tonight! You guys were amazing!! Please come to New York more often!
The $30 is refundable upon actually attending. This event is happening.. in a very big way.
I think you will kid, I believe that.
We never pulled off we got locked up on the spot.
I think they just released a different cut of that movie. My ex got it. Came with a bunch of cool shit
I never understood how man feels he can change what God accepts
love you too <3 miss you too much. I miss everyone too much.
I'm so very glad I made sure to drink some water throughout the night...is it 5pm yet?
least surprising headline of the day: "Wisconsin shut out of federal train money" imagine that.
2Fer Tuesday's going on right now! 241 Drinks all night til 2am and FREE entry NO cover. People are filling up place as we speak see ya soon
mhm scrimmage tomorrow,
Happy New Year Big E
Belt for it? It's a bit frocky. I think I just made up that word.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH. Book finally ordered. high pitched squealing in office: commenced.
In less than 24 hours you have changed my life. Thanks for the follow.
New FM transmitter arrived from Amazon. My car is now officially in the 21st century.
Holiday Crawfish-Boil featured in today's Weekender.
i will be there tonight in the #redstweetup section
#PeopleLikeUs FLY TO LOS ANGELE'S FOR A DAVID BECKHAM GM..
If there is a design to the world in which we live, there must be a designer.~Thomas S Monson
Might just get that Altima fully loaded this time
-We must hang out soon! Text me. <3
how's that working out?
A co-worker just described a burlap-like fabric as "Egyptian Irridescent." Points for effective bullshitting but deduction for being SO DUMB
Cleaning time with
Dude holds up entire line at to tell cashier dumb story about a fake ID...Dude, this ain't a social club, move along.
Bbq coma after #johnbrownsmokehouse w/nathan and friends
Hatch is hiring for exp Admins in the Milwaukee area! Ready to make a move? Contact us today for the latest openings!
It's easy to tell someone you love them. Harder to show.
Lol @ Beau typing YOLO like YeauLeau CLEVER BEAU CLEVER
Wow seriously i have 11 followers
Gah I hate USA Today. "Should Tebow be unleashed against Steelers?" More like "Should Tebow be lobbed at/flop around/get his ego checked..."
wats going on boo;)
that's so gross
Sent it to you via email last night.
re: scream 4, scream 4 the movie to be over?
Today's lesson from Kimberly's House of Compromise #KHOC is if you don't like it then there's the door.
I think it sucks that you charge schools $2000 a year to access your news archives. Way to support primary source research.
I Already Have My LLC =]
You look so cute! Love your headband.
Enjoy the moments, they are character defining
I should really be asleep.
5 Dollar Tans today :)! Who is ready to get bronze?
Anticipating being trapped in the house w\ the kids during #Irene ? Sieze the teachable moment. Think weather vocab, board games & conv
Its Friday morning and everyone needs to be getting their #TeamFitness on before the weekend starts....make sure you push yourself today!!
(Didnt write this, but I wish I did:) So Dick Clark dies in a year without a New Years Eve. Well played, Mayans. Well played.
Check out this throwback pic lol Mahoney u had way more hair
yeah i am going
Tats all on me. Money all on me. Foot loccer my next stop I had to get dis cash off me
Ordering Thai carry-out for supper,because I didn't eat out enough while I was in New York.
Its great to be able to confide in someone and have them say to u,"Ur plenty young! Go follow ur dream! What r u waitn for?" I needed that.
Follow me @ ROshirtRNoShirt
Getting ready for Dream Girls rehearsal tonight... Super excited about playing Effie
awesome! I want to check out BH and your new recordings! Hope you're enjoying rainy SF :)
All Pro Dads Don’t Place Work Above Family
not helping...
There's also nothing like having no wind while playing a quick front 9.
I am a little frightened of this tango.
What a beautiful day it is in the ATL. No one should b mad but glad 4 the opportunity 2 praise & worship our God. Praying for you! Pray 4me.
Looking to volunteer this holiday season? Consider the Festival of Lights (Dec. 9th, 5-9), it is sure to be a fun night. DM for info.
Attending some #Attensity internal training. Analyze 6.0 has some MAJORLY COOL features! Integrated BI + semi-automated categorization ROCK!
Years ago, at my aunt's baby shower, one of her friends pronounced "onesie" as "oh-NY-uh-sis". -_-
Who schedules a meeting at 4 pm on a Friday?? Blaaahhh....
People are coming down, dewinterizing their boats and getting on the water!!!! Come and be a part of it all.
Spurs in six.
i just hope its all the exact questions from the quizes
Finally catching up on #musesocial chat. Sorry I had to miss it!
Back in the 812..
I have read an interesting topic from paidtoplayinfo
The Clippers bench have scored all their pts in the 4th quarter...
yea dever nuggets u r a better team without him,, lol lol
Perkins is sweating like a bitch!!
that's vile!
I skipped friday.. And I needed to work on my project in ceramics. lol
going for a run in this weather is
Love me a foggy and frosty morning in Chicago!
ready for easter sunday round 2?
Wow triple H was about to fire him but then outta no where undertaker??? What?
Hey to the world, anyone up for chatting? Because I'm bore out of my mind stuck at home with 5 younger siblings!
Evolution of a Man: via
"Firm" is in the word "afFIRMation" for a reason. It builds a solid foundation of confidence.
I think everyone could use a little happiness right now.
Your #resume doesn't have to play by the rules. on behalf of reveals why on our feed.
asdsfklashdla subscribed to WAY too many people! should i unsubcribe everyone & only resubscribe the ones i wanna stay subscribed to?
let's do the smoke shack at noon. It will be me (mike) and Al joining from mindspike THX!
I know I'm going to sound like a complete bitch but I hate mothers day...
love it ! I needed 2 hear that 2day
check out this website its a way to light up your harley for christmas. www.darksideshields.com
SAID SHE WAS HIS EX
I see a guy prancing across the finish line as he wins a race.
Good morning
No problem.
Is it bad that I get most of my news from Twitter?
Correction on that last tweet: should have been Off. Reb. % allowed by defense.
when you guys opening in San Francisco? Missing you!
no reason to appologize, just ball out @ Florida
RT : gonna be so good to be back tomorrow night... if you wanna come to the dinner, please hit me up soon!
in case you missed this ad for vodka and sexual violence--yech....don't drink this vodka
Watching Funiest comedian ever!
i wish i had a goldfish :(
Annie Lennox rules
I think she likes me. Im gonna ask her.
My reading and watching lately have raised this question...Battlestar Galactica anyone?
Make sure you guys tell All Your Friends To follow me #TeamFolllow Back
Do we really need to hear from the President now?
L.O.L. Don't even get me started.
despite lag inside, you were right. Going home sooner that I thought!
Followed. Can you follow back?
ohh you know , the usual, life screwing me in every direction possible. No big deal.
Wow! Didn't think you'd respond.. I apologize if I was rude. Us sport fans get passionate! :)
Aster Coffee on 24th Ave in Ballard might work for you. Very limited breakfast menu, but Belgian Waffles and great coffee!
Words of the day: Love, Peace and Soul
This might be one of the most surreal moments if my life.
Gotta review it, I think Davis goes down to DE, Beason stays in middle. Feel like Applewhite plays. Also, get DB into the game CB
Just watched the first episode of Weeds on Netflix. I LOVE getting addicted to shows. Why do I do this to myself?
Aren't you supposed to be in Utah??
Im not afraid. Oh wait for a second there I though I was the black guy from Ghostbusters. Winston.
Finally caught Drive-- and know what you were saying about the soundtrack a while back. Love the sound.
cool who dosent
Unfortunate reality: it's nearly completely pointless to get involved in activism when you don't have money.
Congrats to our fourth winner who will meet Brandon Deaderick Sunday
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy. Numerous showers and thunderstorms this evening. Then scattered showers after midnight....
I JUST WANNA SEE YOUR BUTTHOLE
"strike me now as commonplace, while serenely missing things that now seem wonderful. We grow, as readers, and twenty-year-olds
not never
He seemed very familiar too! Cain actually was very friendly & stuck to policy of not commenting on local disputes - stadium
RT : The 10 Most Quoted Tweets About Steve Jobs: It was an outpouring of grief on a scale that Twitter has seldom......
lol like an old g. like "sup, cat? names kane suga. but you already know" hahaha
Captain labia is....
Your good morning.text <3 >>>>>
is making Twitter EXPLODE right now.
I give up with love, no matter how you treat her.. it still knocks you down <3
Just getting home to find that Morimoto threw out the first pitch. This makes me really happy.
rushing to catch a train to NYC. not entirely sure what i packed...but i have my travel essentials: my raybans, my fryes, my beau & my visa.
How can you tell you that some one wants to break up with you?
nm just listening music :)) u?
better hope you get D. Williams & Dwight Howard cause Bynum has Rasheed Wallace/Metta World Peace head problems!
is it bad when the things you love the most and you're only way to get through the hard times don't help anymore?
The usb port broke, so it won't charge nemore :-(
Awesome Sauce. You'll see.......
Thank you to all who came to our Advocacy workshop today in City Heights!
Miller says everyone is mistaken if they think Tebow is just going to be a Wildcat QB.
Steve Blake looks like bouchie I think that's how u spell that white mans name
Feeling a little alone...going to start a book...soon
Understand, I'm really the person I say I am. Most people are still tryin to talk themselves into it!
not today , tomorrow
Good morning...gorgeous weather this weekend #excited!!!
it would aso be pretty amazing if followed me, but what if Justin had extra tickets and just handed them out?
Presenting from 2-3 at NECC - Navigating the Library of Congress Web site!
When you're taking a shower and your foot slips and your life flashes before your eyes.
Big news coming soon about the closing night party!! Stay tuned!!
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so. Douglas Adams (1952 - 2001)
I've got a whole 2 liter ma'am
RT Where is Master Fuol nowadays? He still in the Wyoming/Colorado area? // he is here...we are cooking something
MORE than ready for summer to be over. I refuse to buy warm weather clothing!
yes she is ! Daisy is going to have her own adventure at Grandma's ;)
Norma Beach dot com
<U+652F><U+6301><U+4E2D><U+6587>!Nice it let me tweet in Chinese.
Facebook is gaining on Orkut rapidly - already outpacing it. #Hizp12 #storm people still spend more time on Orkut.
WOO! Hope the rest of the day is just as awesome! RT Jump Around just happened at
SEAN, PLEASE, FOLLOW ME BACK! :) I LOVE YOU AND YOUR MUSIC. <U+2665> i'll be really HAPPY.
I'm already following you on here haha. Let me know If you want to set a party up n I'll hook you up with some free stuff <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
between University and State last night, I am surprised I'm not dead. This burn on my leg hurts
Same to you fam!!
exciting! what was the context? I definitely need to head to webwise next year.
Dear webinar gods: Please do not let me start snoring.
Why is my ex looking for me? Why does he wanna talk? to me why is he walking me to class?! what does he want?!!
Would love to learn French, Swiss, Italian, Japanese, and Spanish
I'm at National Museum of American Indian: #museum worth (re)visiting for stunning exhibits, important themes, free entry
#Badgers 6-7 all-time in the #ACCB1G, 4-1 at the Kohl Center. Tied for most wins in #B1G and 3rd-best winning percentage
These kids got me watching sprout so much when I actually have a chance to watch tv i don't know what to watch haha.
Will u please please follow me?<21
Off to the appointment that's keeping me in CT: the oral surgeon to get my wisdom teeth out...didn't sleep well at all.
Showing from sun up to sun down for the next 3 days
Skyping till 5:30 in the morning! I'm glad I don't see the sun yet
oh you, joking around on april fools day
How is Jaime pronounced?
My students are so excited--the iPad Fairy arrives today to deliver a brand new iPad 2 to each of them.
Gloriously strong winds on the metrolink platform in st. louis. Insert metaphor for #4c12 here.
That means I have no hw ? Lol
not me, but we can pretend :)
worst nightmare RT: went for a run. ran face-first into a pigeon. vomited.
...needs to re-size my halo my horns are showing!
Let's grab the bull by the horns!
I'm so ready for some Ciampa time, sunsets, drinks and the ocean!
Everything hurts.
Friday night
Tits for life
Vote, Vote, Vote
that's some hood shit fr !
Where do you go to gather your beef cattle knowledge?
yikes. So are you playing community mgr, creating content, and running strategy for all? Sounds like alot for 1 headcount.
Time to make this journey minis the extra baggage. I am a better man than that. Enough
My mom just hit Stan in the balls!!! Hahahahahahaha lmao!! That's what you get Stan!
I knew your tweets were going to get dirty
lol we're gonna try! Hopefully sometime this spring/summer
Random nights with Mr. 314 himself!
do they make state pinky rings? Cuz if I'm not mistaken you already have 2 brother hahahaha best of luck
The Pro to cutting your finger nails is that you look less like a caveman. The Con...well, you just can't pick your nose as efficiently.
Dang sis.. I'm happy for you. Make sure you introduce us!
So jess wont get up to take us to work...and on top of that...did get up to take "her son" in her room cause she'd call the cops on us.
Italian Conversation Tonight from 7-9pm!
When will groupies learn?
What should a derivative beneficiary do to avail of the immigration benefits provided under the CSP
I know! You cld feed a family for a month with that dress! I found it when it was on "sale" too! Who is buying this stuff?!
Sweet, setting couches and cars on fire is considered classy now.
My trainer for these classes talks to us like we're pre-school age. Kinda funny, yet kind of annoying. I can't knock her though.
omgee im so proud of you!!
Hope i get the job i swear i doo dawg !
Goodbye, New York. That was a long week.
Typesetter correctly set "Modest_Witness©_Meets_OncoMouse™: Feminism and Technoscience" on first try. Bravo!!!
Hi Michael, thanks for the nice words. -Jim
What is dead? Your device? Haha
lololol love youu! if you meet them you better tell harry to call me ;) and that im 27...hahaha
Nah...definitely the Bobcats.
Dear AZ Cardinals...you keep spending the money on the right players....and we'll keep packing your stadium on Sundays
and did
God Bless America!
Going to sea world this weekend can't wait <U+E520><U+E019><U+E522><U+E054>
Follow my friend 's new and potentially quite hilarious page
I understand, some corporations have an interesting model for sales and marketing, its not always virtuous.
Unless you're a CIA or FBI agent the capable is irrelevant. The moral fabric of America is shattered not broken; fix ourselves!
that boy 's new video >
I'm doing great thanks for asking
Working on my fall syllabi so I can finally chose my textbooks. Someone should research how much students actually read vs what's assigned!
Fantasy factory...... it kills me every time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. Lao Tzu
ahahaha finally mad it down there!
but does it work with the fruit hat?!?
How many? RT : The number is higher. RT: 12-Year-Old Among 15 Shot Since Friday in Chicago...
Oh my lord I got a man he's nice lovin in every way. Love you jason
RT Still... The most popular thing on earth is the ol' in out... It's still more popular than google
RT : Life isn't about what happens to you, its about the way you react to those things.
A killer tire named Robert c:
Maybe that's not Teresa's husband #RHNJ Who is that Jeff Goldbloom guy? I don't watch this enough #RHBH rules!
my funds consist of $20 every 2 weeks starting next week
Go follow up to 200 followers
yeah definitely that
To have a better life you must first determine what you want your life to look like!
Guys! The polls are about to close in South Carolina! Apocalypse 2012!
S/O to for giving me a play by play of the last minute of the pacers game while I was driving home <U+2764>
I'll probably end up talking to him as well. I was yelling at his picture on the screen when it wouldnt print, does that count?
lol as far as I know, everyone qualifies! Dont worry, school just started. You'll hear back soon
I'm a reporter w/ 12 News; are you going to tnight's mtg? Will there be a big crowd of parents there?
he just got married unk he down in texas i gave him your number. Ima kall u later but tell me watt u think of the mix- tape
“You cannot write for children. They're much too complicated. You can only write books that are of interest to them. ” <U+2015> Maurice Sendak
E-Portfolio: There seems to be a trend of fear stopping people from experimenting with technology
I hope he's gonna be ok....sorry Kayla ..
Thanks for the holla!
you're very welcome! Hope you enjoy it! ^_^
#AFS11 ok where r the beverages being consumed?
well put haha
cannot wait !!!!
Hahaha his last name is Johnson.
Happy #starwarsday! #maythe4th be with you!
My wife Lisa and I began falling in love at a High School Valentines dance 37 years ago. I am still falling deeper in love every day!
A Little Bit of Texas tonight =) oh and saturday haha
Seen project x today.i can relate to those parties
Going to sign my new lease- little nervous about it. Commitment like these scare me!
Unattainable goals: nailing Katy Perry, scoring a home run, resurrecting Edgar Allan Poe. Attainable: Getting 1000 followers. Help me out!
Ambuli 3D in Mayajaal. 20 minutes into the movie. 3D is kinda irritating. Some scenes giving a headache.
phone caller wanted list of public computer classes. they're only being offered downtown because i'm the only one putting them together.
Gonna enjoy this day.
What was it today? Something about April 20th? Anyways we're open 11am-4pm & late night 11pm-3am. Surely you'll be hungry
Coke, can you please get with Diet Coke and make a baby? I am pretty sure 50% Coke and 50% Diet Coke is the answer to all my problems
lol standing on the bleachers with us when it was going off an just now!!!
in here chillen with my nigga dezzmo we wild !!!
Snow Day! I waited until the last day to do my performance review and the server is down.
lol thanks (: you too !! i was lookin a mess today tho . was out since this mornin -__- smh . but AYE we sure doo .
hm... it looks like the bolt holding the wire on the right side may be loose. try pulling the cable down & tightening the nut --
"As of February 2012, Panchos [Mexican Buffett's]...phone lines [are] disconnected and website removed. The reasons behind it are unknown."
harder to braid.
just read your story. Thanks for mentioning our relationship w/ Luck. Def want to talk to you about others..
yes sir way to go,,grinding on the academic side pays off
Before the Rains = seriously depressing movie
Even better strategy! There's no constructive way to talk to those people.
“: So, you're an Atheist? Please debate with me for hours about the Bible you've never actually read.” but we have read it..
- Cindy, A very belated "Thank You" for the #FF last week.
Thanks for the RT, we really appreciate it!
I get you, lol the tellys were the best part though. And no one died like in those creepy ass videos
Still dying...last night was a successful celebration of completing college
coated our 1st screen last night
lmbo I know he been on yo heels, leaning on something and watching u work
Dogfish Aprihop...it was not good at all
Massage is for the masses.
Another win and tie.
Congratulations and for the win last night. It was a beautiful race.
The south burbs are boring man....
RT : Giving away 2 tix to sat nights game in NE plus airfare & hotel! RT this & follow me and !!
My poker buddies called me at work today to say they miss me (my work sked changed). Sweet, but I think they miss my money.
Shaq & Chuck off the rip
get ur money back on that denver flight
planning a thanks givibg trip to vegas. Wanna make it a family event with u guys
just need the to win now
About to slide thru for a quick drink with the fam &
Rumor is it's just a twisted knee. If that's true, nbd.
Never say "THAT WON'T HAPPEN TO ME." Life has a funny way of proving us wrong.
Yuki looked so beautiful tonight!! I cried.. im a very proud sister!
Yep! Summer is in 2 days! :]
That's always a beautiful thing. :)
When did the New York fan base switch to Jeremy Lin anyway??
"Those assholes ruined happy hour" - 1%er during Fri #ows #springtraining Lets keep up the good work disrupting the 1%!
Attending the KMG: Perspectives on Branding event tonight.
Goodnight guys <U+2665>
I'm over huff would rather watch belt strike out with risp. #the future
stfu man , wtf do you want me to say?
No rest for the wicked!! Immediately back into rehearsals for The Dames' Holiday Spectacular Exxtravaganza: "Naughiter & Nicer".
To the east, the shadows of clouds lay draped over the foothills. And there, beside Dion's Pizza, three men removed their pants at gunpoint.
Great run ! #LetsGoHEAT !
niaaaaaa i miss you, do you miss me?
Just thinking about a lot
Yes Friday the 13th is always a Fetish theme. There is one in July :)
would you like me to post a blog about your question? Or want a private answer?
So, I guess it's Friday and not Thursday, lol!! My #FF's will have to be brief. :) ...I'm gonna just tell y'all who we love! Ready?
That shower I just took
On my way to Fairmont for Allstate!
SportsCenter is turning into cheesy daytime TV. This DJ Steve Porter bit is making my brain hurt.
Just woke up from a nap, feel all good ha. Can't wait to see my girlfriend at lunch c:
#YoMomma so fat they had to grease the door frame n hold a Twinkie on the other side just 2get er big ass through! Lmao! ^_^
This woman in the mission is asking a hot dog street vendor where she gets her ingredients. Oh, San Francisco. Portland's got nothing on you
Okayy , Rice with curry chicken. And coca-cola !
Bummer, lose in Game 7. But on the plus side, now I don't feel bad about rooting for
Congrats on a great finish!
Why you gtta be so extra??
There's a difference in waking up to a good morning text and just getting one when you're already awake.
Cake boo
Per I am influential on musical theatre, gluten-free, veganism, and the Super Bowl. Literal LOL.
is observing the fallout of Supreme Court 08-205, and wondering if the ultimate price of freedom is death by a thousand paper cuts.
you know you go to a quality school when your most well known chant is about rocks
Let go Ryan Mathews all I need you to do is beat out Vincent Jackson tonight and I am in the playoffs!!!
Great photos from our event at Fondation Ricard in Paris, coming soon!
Yea we was playin bball earlier come tomorrow or Sunday
Captivate your audience with excellence, with a great performance, that makes them want to see you again!
I think I'll put that on a business card or t-shirt: "I'm mostly alright."
I need to find out lol!!! Isn't she only 16?
thanks for the retweet! :-)
props to you for having a cat that would even give a fuck.
Ready to kick off the season with two big concerts.
hah come through next week, ill show you that spot I was telling you about. :p
feel ya man. My truck has been at dealership for 2 weeks w hail damage from hell.
Good morning, iConnect class! Remember we are meeting in the Bonaventure Training Lab this morning (JPII 107) for library orientation.
Here we go!
We're excited to announce Kaady Car Washes & Hanna Car Washes as our latest supporting sponsors for our July 11 golf tournament! Thank you!
Woke up wanting to eat the cat. Lmfao.!!
RT : Obama strikes fear in terrorists. Rick Perry strikes fear in everone else.
Thanks for posting the librarian job announcements too!
RT : Today in 1611 King James Bible first published. Jesus doesn't say shit abt gay marriage in this version of the Bible,either.
Finally get some free time to watch some Marlon Brando movies
bored and tired
RT I wrote recorded engineered mixed and master the entire Young Sinatra: Undeniable tape, FYi
Im never on here
So much to do in #Cincinnati before I move! Places to go & food to eat! What's happening around town this weekend?
Annd I'm calling in...
I proud of you champ
I think Boche needs to be informed that other teams pitchers are eligible to be selected for the game, not just giants
I'm so irritated ugh....
then I guess we're never gonna drink together.
Well I ended up with 3 of my 4 picks in the Final Four. Only Mich. St. let me down. Should be a good couple of games
Getting drunk lately is like the Incredible Hulk tv show mostly due to the fact that I wake up in jean shorts and without a shirt
increased security on this morning due to the "anniversary" of osama bin laden's death.
": This thing where I go and get donuts every night at midnight is just a phase right? PS, I'm FINE."
oh..well its gonna be plenty days like that..u been nausea yet..craving
Keeping my eyes peeled to spot more of the all-stars of e-learning here at #LSCon. Rock stars spotted so far
Hillcrest is very, very quiet this morning. Zombie apocalypse quiet. It might be a good morning to go out for brunch.
Just bought ebook "A Better Atonement". The only thing I plan on purchasing on Good Friday.
lookin forward to industry night tonight after the American Reunion premiere! Roll through! Hit me up for G list!
host says Escobar confused and was not suppose to bunt. Toast was playing for two.
its funny how you watch random covers of shitty songs on and the people covering it make it sound really good
Approaching 160 lbs and feeling pretty damn good about it.
I believe it is possible to achieve the very successful results of Dr. Zamboni without surgery.
#ThoughtsWhileRunning im the only white kid in my heat.
Planning a Wine Tasting Tour along the Monticello Wine Trail …
is having considerably less fun tonight then he did yesterday.
Interesting. RT Impressive play and win by the . We better be ready tomorrow! Good night everyone!
how are the next cities chosen? like, points
: Sorry about that earlier! Great interview by the way. Enjoyed it!
you guys deserve way more than that!
Good Morning All.....Be You, Be Productive ...
So we had fifth row and this nice security guard, we don't know his name, but we called him George, he gave us all second row tickets
SHIT I MESSED UP MY COUNTING NOW IM AT 1001shit o well made it past 1K now time to start working
I'm a Cubs fan. Why did I possibly think ANYTHING would come easy? First game of the season and I already wanna vomit.
damn why you up early ha
May this summer bring you many more happy memories ! Thanks for watching The Country Network & Happy Watching.
where was you at old head??! IMT was poppin bottles lol
Big ups to for organizing another beautiful morning of hoops at the Collie. It's an honor to be part of such a proud tradition.
why wouldn't he, youngest coach to win super bowl and dresses up for TV....
My book isn't arriving for a while. I guess I'll wait. :)
Was that an earthquake?
Aint That Something, I Still Aint Ate No Food.
It's been exactly 2 months since I've seen asw. <U+2665>
do you have location and time for the hbase meetup on june 9th? could not find it from the forums
I'm jealous! Have a great time at #curatecamp !
haha ya think?
Five hours of class then it's weekend time!!!
Excellent. Have you integrated Skype at all?
So bored!:(
Someone DM me im effin bored HELP ME ESCAPE MY BOREDOM!!!!
8 days til the Dallas Home&Garden Market!Tickets&Exhibitor .com!A few booths left contact- !
Beware. Using Coozy or Kozy or a derivative may result in a lawsuit. It's a brand with a litigious trend.
Social media would add an exciting layer to Jeffco's employee wellness efforts though.
Let me hav some it so I can use it 2 SHOOT my Movie with it.
Starting to grow some functions into Silicon Valley and Seattle, including in San Diego on the West Coast.
i really need to stop watching sad movies
It gets better, trust me I know everyone always says that but I am divorced & thought id die at first. Now im the best ever
Appreciate you spreading the word! Thanks!
you're not high, slut.
only in DC for one more month! Sweet Sunny California, I miss you mi amor!
Ah. I just moved, but I'm registered where I used to vote. Can I re-register on election day?
I really dont like tuna lol
Had to ask my kids what that was. Couldn't figure it out.
RT : Go for a person who is not only proud to have you, but will also take every risk to keep you, because that’s true love....
I want pretty green eyes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
but your legs are going to be so friggin' hot!
these guys are amazing a new brand getting started great cause profits go to kids with dissabilities
I want some bojangles...
Michigan State
Working on my Brooklyn accent for 'Daughters' and I'm suddenly bombarded with all things Brooklyn....Artistic synchronicity at its best!
I'm on Niteflirt, call me now!!! I have a few new listings, one is pre-recorded. cash milking, giantess roleplay, and more!
I feel your pain. RT : I hate people who run on days when I'm drinking
Where's it at?
So does anyone think it crazy to get up and go to the gym at 530am before work?
It is time to put away those winter scarfs. We have new light weight fashion scarfs from international laundry!
Dear IE: Why do you suck so much? Two machines running the same exact version if ie7 render differently? really?????
You have to let go before anything will change.
example of a wrong moment for my ass to jiggle is in front of old perverted guys. I just feel so uncomfortable. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
IF YOU MISS THE ROCKAWAY 2NITE U CAN ALWAYS CATCH RODGER STELLAS SOLO COSMIC PANTS BELLOW THE KNEES AT BROADWAY JUNCTION SUBWAY STOP 6AM
my last tweet was so awkward. i'm starting to think i'm weird. oh wait i'm already am, have you seen my twitter name?! mwahahah
Come on Steelers!
fuck fake friends and bitches i only trust music
Thank you! Can you connect with me on Linkedin? and/or email me? Love to get a play out to you!
RT Gas prices are dropping again. Average price for a gallon of gas in CA is $3.87, down about a nickel in the last 2 weeks.
My team good we don't really need a mascot
I love your attitude.
dislike you LOL
and he's still cutting baseline a good bit. Same with Bass. He'll shoot regardless of if he's making them or not.
sdklfjaklsdfkjeio you're like 20 minutes away from me :O If only I was going to Disney today :P
Madness I tell u!! Madness!!
There will be brighter days , its just really stormy praying for a better tmw !
It's stupid how people "hate" glee cuz they cover songs and they don't even know what the show is actually about... Biggest smh ever!
ah i have elmo band-aids :D
“: "The life will fade away...no matter how hard I grind..but today ain't the day...so I'm just gonna live my life"
Cue DeShawn Wynn to Packers rumors... RT : Saints signed safety Matt Giordano and waived running back DeShawn Wynn.
Jake Hanna was one of the most amazingly exquisite and swinging drummers who ever lived-and,a wonderful cat!So honored to have known him
*cleveland loss
AMG THE MOVEMENT...WITH THE KING OF THE STREETZ TYSO DA GREAT!
Good afternoon, Ben!
Nope, but that's a good one. Check my blog, I throw up some interesting quotes I find too: www.kayzar.com
thank u my love it means a lot to me that u r so nice :) my dear i'm sorry but i have to go now :( i'll be back soon+
haha it was one of those days where dressing up just made me feel better ;) you know how it Is! Thanks!
Thanks. I'm worried about her.
I would love to, but i have a friends bday party at the same time. I will try to make it before the end though!
indeed chad! Thoughts and prayers always!
Obama at Martha's Table
And I hope the sun shines, and it's a beautiful day, and something reminds you, You wish you had stayed.
maybe this will help! :D RT I sprayed mosquito repellent on a mosquito. Now he’ll never have any friends
Sacramento Buddhist Church taking any donations. fundraiser from 5-9 Saturday the 19th.
You ain't lying! It was supposed to be Packers/Giants...it's ON!
Needs to make a trip to NYC. It's for Baby Blue's sake.
so, what we need are young voters/politicians with that long-term perspective for the future to get engaged!
naw man they say they got rack but can get clothes levi jackets are onli cool if there old school not rite of a new store
You are the music in ME...(8)
same shit we gotta collab on something
Just look up (at the sky)
Yes! Legally I've no idea if BC's right, but I'd like to think we serve the same function as journalists in these situations.
I love my treadmill.
Good Morning <3 everybody have an amazing mothers day :D
:) lmfao. Come over ?
join my street team
Black folks like to socialize - what about a bicycle-related social club?
I probably shouldn't be trusted to make up the rules haha
With an epic, traffic-dodging sprint I make the bus an instant before it pulls away. 200 more of these will work off a bite of meatball.
they did!
Hi there miss. You should come to my show on Wednesday. (:
Happy Halloween!!!!!! =D
Fun Franchise Tax Board stat: As of November 5, 2011 there were 15,413,517 current year personal income tax returns filed
we're listening to your literacy narrative at the L'ville Celebration of teaching/learning.
Anyone know of any Home Movie Day events in the Boston area?
do you forget there is a huge world out there that is begging for you to get out and see it
Work is rushing at me from all sides! What a lovely place to be!
Yay, this is a first: laying out a business card for a professional wrestler!
Sounds fun!
#BOYFRIENDReview REAL MUSIC.everyone loves it
same here haha :p
My son gave me a pack of Stride for #MothersDay, but then 30 minutes later he came up & asked me "Mom, u got any gum?" :-| lol
I just didn't want to sound crazy that's why i didn't say nothing i thought i was doing good.
If you're a guy.. You should never use the word 'amazeballz'...
You are part of the problem. No one But Romney 2012
I need to get my field day contacts sent in; maybe tomorrow.
i hate when this happens. omg.
New favorite bar in Hollywood: Frolic. It smells like my grandparents' attic, and I'm pretty sure it's where dreams go to die.
There is no way we are NOT going to see Hobo with a Shotgun at Sundance, c'mon - seriously have to see it!
Watching this game makes me feel bad for making fun of chess. Or the Pygmy Olympic basketball team. Is OSU the #1 team?
If you work just for money, you'll never make it.
Special thanks to for filming live at all of our events! Make sure to follow them!
This is simply ridiculous. I would question who would pay such a fee ever or fly on an airline dumb enough to charge it.
I just want ice cream
Nice pic with "The Ax Man",
Im doing great missy! thanks for asking! what u up too?
aha u funny...u must have a new cell?
Also, just burnt myself making grilled cheese. Must be out of practice.
On my way to school
feels like a relentless onslaught of signs this morning.
Intro to salsa class at 8:15pm tonight at Madrigall. 1627 Oak KCMO no partner required. Stay for the salsa night immediately following!
Heh, I'm sure they'll take "Speculative Fiction."
Taylor Gang or never be able to eat cinnamon toast crunch for the rest of your life.
ramen noodles in the morning make my tummy very happy
Not this time around, soon though!
I hold a lie that keeps the sty on my eye swollen.
#GossipGirl #RedWine and #GSPM #Homework.... and not necessarily in that order.
Home from surgery! COME SEE ME!
Just had my first gel manicure. will it survive a gig with Jeff Hamilton?
You are talented. Everything and anything you do is wonderful and beautiful. You brighten a room just by being there.
Large inventory for hotel bathrooms, Public areas, and more..please contact us for your next project.
Really hope these SEC gifts come in soon. Could really use those new Bose headphones.
no really, a thank u sir.. xo loves!!
- don't tease.
The harder you fight to hold on to specific assumptions, the more likely there's gold in letting go of them. -- John Seely Brown
there's this thing called cover. See how bronson uses that mailbox?
Groupon: brings in unqualified leads and have really low retention rates. Don't do it out of desperation!
Great Line
Ordered a chicken spinach alfredo pizza from Papa Johns over an hour ago. I'm still waiting for it therefore I'm still hungry! Grr!!
I could buy out brooks brothers if only I had the money
yeah deff...that's why you have to find me one on twitter
Thank you darling! Please tell my dear that I said Happy Mother's day 2 her!
Better dreaming bout pissing on yoself n actually do it. Rt": i had a dream i brought some chicken. how ghetto"
hey I'm doing good how r u n the husband
SO blooming excited for you to come back home to us :)
It may or may not be Friday Fun Day at C2 with bloody marys and mimosas. Just sayin'. :)
taking photos of some projects today, i hope it will turn out nice in spite of grey skies! new earrings and cards mostly
you going to the game today?
you guys should do a contest/giveaway to a concert for !
what is your favourite line/lyrics of any of their songs?
Congrats on being an oh so smart & intellectual college graduate!! :) so proud of you! love you!
There is a guy with a bad hairpiece and back brace limping around the plaza by my office with a #scottycameron putter as a cane
Different cartridges contain different amounts of ink, which in turn produces a different number of printed pages
Some good albums for cheap RT
Hollie is killing Bleeding Love. Finally.
Get off my dick.
Your friendship is almost as fake as your smile.
Karluk Manor, housing for #homeless chronic inebriates, set to open.
looking forward to much ado.... such a huge Joss fan!!
yeah Walrus guy's the best in the biz.
#Javier #Vazquez talks get 'hot' with
Great weekend rockin' with Kick Back Tomorrow and Rushmore and others in AC!! Now time to continue booking show for tour(s) in March!!
#Bulls magic number is 1!
QUOTE TWITTER AT YOUR LUNCH TODAY AND RECEIVE A FREE GLASS OF HOUSE RED WITH YOUR STEAK!!!!
And we are all very grateful for you and your magnificent cock!
ohemgee -- I just sputtered coffee all over my desk. Loved this!
I love my liiiiifeeeee!!!!! About to start loving it that much more in only a couple short months
My dad just comes up to me and goes, "dude, guess what I got your mom. What dad? Golf Clubs"
No school and idk why. Just had too many things on my mind. Don't know what to do about him.
WILL DO
AWESOME! More expensive for the taxpayer! With the state budget so flush, we should combat global warming!
pulled pork sandwiches, cucumber and onion salad out on the deck, come on over
what the hell is this?
That happened at a game i was at in Buffalo a few years back. lol.
See? They gots you, G!
Remember that scene in the little mermaid where Ariel finally got legs but then was thrown off a horse and became a vegetable?
Thank you San Francisco for showing us the love this weekend. It has been an amazing run!
Goodbye lovely Toronto! Must go back to the tropics now.... Hope to return in the summer :)
All about REM today.
#AmITheOnlyOneThat talks to myself then talks to myself anout talking to myself ...
I think all my co workers got anger problems
Well looks like Indiana is going to have the help of the refs in this one.
I know, I can't stop reading it.
Date night with my hubby last night, and we spent it Christmas shopping for our daughter! Had a lot of fun though :-)
Please make sure to follow our fab new intern ! Supporting the next generation of PR Divas!
. re continuous disruption: punctuated equilibrium a better model? stability needed to use & discover what works?
Thinking through the relationship between satire and violence, symbolic or objective, especially as it relates to "character assassination."
Tonight is Free Fry First Friday.... free fries with every order and we'll also be giving away tons of swag!!!!!!! See you tonight!!
oh good. Whew.
Day Two of Rehab Facility Journal « Pinnacle Writing
the ROI of social media is that your biz will still exist in 5 years, via
faces on t-shirts. I do that.
Yoga time! Gotta beat this heat
im gone ppl hit up my line if yu got it if not fuk off :-)
HA! When horror movies get boring....Get a beday!
i called it! im a quarter irish but im so hard core niallater i did my research essay on the potato famine ;p
tell to throw a grito...i know hes still wearing ramon ayalas taco hat!!!
Let's explore the bedroom floor, over and over and over.
TU for the RT. Have a great weekend.
Line for Cars 2 is really long at Alamo drafthouse. Hope it's as good as Cars!
boy how big is yo?
My head is spinning! Busy, busy day :)
I forget alot of things but why cant i forget the haunting tune"I miss you like the deserts miss therain". DAMN YOU EVERYTHING BUT THE GIRL!
The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference
“: Nothing on Netflix :(” Family guy!
Good Evening new friends. Thank you for following me:
chicago dryvit contractors, chicago eifs contractors, chicago stucco contractors
Lmaoooooooo malik just called me a bitch.
thanks for the follow, looking forward to Friday!
Who's got candy at #b2bexpo ? @ me!!
no. Highered and sports are two of the most influential institutions in American culture. Should be studied.
When boys keep their promises to you. <U+2665>
running the Trinity River today
Do you feel you're paying too much for your electricity at home?
TWolves and Jazz agree to trade Al Jefferson for 2 first round picks...#prediction Jefferson's numbers go up playing with #Top3 PG D Will
I'm young and in love.
I'll DM it to you, don't want any stalkers :o
OhMyGod.....iTold u her boyfriend is a millionaire..she'll buy us da tickets
. Thanks for sharing our great event/fundraising news!
Want to make an appointment for our $10 Shampoo & Set special? Call us 901-794-0553
Son debated me saying the Heat have 2 superstars that's why they will win. The Pacers go nine deep and have experience.
If I had the drunken anger of Mel Gibson, I'd start a hardcore band.
Now hanging out at Starbucks until it is time for the
Today several children wished me a happy mother's day. I said, "Thank you, but I have cats." One responded, "That counts!"
she told me movies yesterday ugh complicated mother not even google helped me lmao<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Al sharpton just preached
Humid tweet
Hell ya baby urban FN Meyer welcome to OSU
#Cincinnati folks: I'm looking for an interesting restaurant near 71 and Ridge Rd. Any suggestions? Gonna be in #Cincy next week.
Why didn't Newt Gingrich and Bush 41 offer their support for Paterno in November
McDonald's new Meal: The McSheen Burger. When u order it they always ask "Do u want Coke with that?" bah ba bahp baa ba !winning!
Wow my car battery died
Hope your birthday is fun & exciting:) much love here in the Bay Area. have fun!
Rehearsal tweets should be starting soon for #dareproject 19!
you are correct sir! Luther Vandross is the greatest ever! Better than Marvin Gaye.
Can't wait!
Raaa!!!! All my jeans fit too big! I'm irritated with sagging pants!
Yeah Joe especially your video for the #roastbrogan was great!
*~Dmnz who party was it doe ~*
Two blondes were driving to Disneyland and the exit sign reads: DISNEYLAND LEFT. They started crying and headed home
We're glad to have you with us Brian!! We'll let Michelle know about your super nice tweet. Happy Friday :)
Stop calling it the iPad 3...It's called "the New iPad"....What a nifty idea...
the meek shall inherit the earth. probably because the strong are off conquering the rest of the solar system and don't want earth anymore.
I need a senior
Happy fish day !
kinda hungry where my food ? Hahaha(:
On this date in local #history: established its law department in 1887, in response to requests from attorneys in Buffalo.
I'm a CHAMPION! The need for a partner is not of any further importance. Success is all I desire!
tornados are over...back to normal, spring is here
Abram: we run the risk of becoming more insular; librarians must communicate more about what works, what to promote, etc.
is so excited and proud to be a 2010 Inc. 5000 honoree for the 2nd year in a row!
Gold worth more than diamonds? RT : Gold is one of the only things on earth that has true value. Worth more than diamonds
Welcome aboard to the fantastic group of singers who joined us via spring auditions! There's a wonderful season ahead ...
Dunno why it took me so long, but I'm now completely sold on the less css extension.
HALLOWEEN SUCKED BALLS THIS YEAR.
I should've given him my number!!! -.-
Starting to listen to was the best decision I've made this week. So good!
sounds like that could be a new taco!
im slackin on checkin my DM's! getting on it though sorry for the late replies....
An appetite for self-improvement is more embarrassing than overeating - The Guardian (blog)
Getting ready to present our retention project for
Sad saying goodbye to my old place one last time. If these walls could talk! Lots of great memories!
That was unreal. He was NBA material to start the year... now he's almost untouchable.
#PickupLinesThatDontWork hey I noticed you're wearing pants... cool...
That explains the parade of cuteness on my street RT It is History Fun Day in Hillsborough! Look out for 100 first graders!
In the Tennis Zone's Andy Zodin discussing the historic 10 hour+, 59-59 5th set tennis match at Wimbledon! Mile High Sports, AM 1510
Pray for our pastor on his way to Ecuador to prepare 4 future mission trips & flying back to speak Sunday!
parents watching the girl next door?
#psp11 academics approach a new book and feel successful if they can decide they DON'T have to read it.
"Nothing great is ever achieved without much enduring." - St. Catherine of Siena
Cubs & Cards despise each other..He's a Rangers fan by default right now.
there's another one! :)
Life is better on the beach
Not safe on the sidewalks or the roads apparently.
OLLU Softball - Won 5-0 over Texas Southern University
Never settle for less, MADESTAR PIMP!!!!
I will be there, already bought my tickets!! (:
Reds win, take their talents to South Beach for series with Marlins.
My new radio show on will be called: THE REAL MATT DUGAN. It will debut May 1st, 2012 at 9pm est.
Not what we say about our blessings, but how we use them, is the true measure of our thanksgiving.
none at all..
I think I'm starting to learn how I shouldn't care about things and just let it go
I'll pass
Add repentance! RT : The power of Prayer, Praise, Worship, Function is more effective than any counseling session
Spent all day negotiating the entertainment value for Midwest fashion week...
I'll never forget the nights we spent, the kisses we gave. But what I'll keep more in my memories are the lies that you said.
Poised Creation is on the look out for great videographers! If u can cut a deal, hollar at us!
I thought #unionrags did not have the best trip. I still like him in the
if we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together. <EM>(tulips = two lips)</EM>
maybe white?
RT/ Your music sounds amazing!!
Listening to relient k and taking a stroll down memory lane. Love sundays
this guy does. :)
You know what I may have to go and say I think "Argentina" is going to win this years World cup.
“: The kid who told Michelle Obama he wanted to be a secret service agent because "They get a lot of hookers." Lil Johnny!
Had a nice 2hour walk now its time to relax after I drink this pepsi lol I kno
Well I love you all to death<3
two bloops and a blast?
"What's Gucci my Nigga, what's louie my killer, what's drugs my dealer!!" -Niggas in Paris Jay Z Kanye West That Shit cray!! Lmao
*shrugs* I'll probably get there on my own... I feel like ima be hoed.
This is going to be a hot summer.
What do clouds want to be when they grow up? -Thunderstorms
OK, need to get ready to feed almost 200 int'l students and Americans. Will be slicing lots of watermelon this afternoon ...
Yes it is taken care of and I have received my product. Thank You! Great service
**dims lights. Grabs lotion. Leans back in chair. Watches #Pacers Highlights ALL.NIGHT.
We got some military jeeps rollin deep on 95 ??
OR come in at END OF DAY and then go have a drink with all of us.
Hey can anyone recommend a great ereader for PDF's? Screenplays in particular. #Kindle and #Nook don't cut it.
Oh. Now I feel like an idiot.
I intend to tweet entirely about sex today. You've been warned.
How do you get rid of unwanted pubic hair? Go to the dentist.
Um. Can you teach me how to do that? RT Should writing my dissertation proposal be this enjoyable?
Just learned that my roommate has been out of shampoo and body wash for almost two weeks. I'm raising a 19 year old.
debating who?
so sweet!
3000 euros in us dollars add it up
We're meeting Mia and Holly a for dinner and we can hit McMenamins from there.
I love that peanut butter sales have gone up 10 % since the start of the recession. Wonder what the data is on sweatpants
lolol she raises her hand like 40 gazillion times
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success.Henry Ward Beecher
Scared money don't make no money, if i ever go broke imma take yo money
Nonprofit orgs r typically resource constrained so it can b easy 4 emerging leaders 2 step up & be seen as a leader.
Ok, well it's definitely something I'll keep in mind. I'd approach Chris about it. I was just feeling like he had a lot of people.
ablitiy to smell wealthy people
Look like he's going for 40 tonight.RT : Kobe is about to Mamba somebody tonight
Pissy ass bitch.
Must see TV:
Playing under water
literally she's so funny!
oh no! where will you be?
46 hours away...
Do let your followers & visitors to Seattle know about our great weekend Brunches. Look forward to your visit.
One stereotype mocking another. Welcome to the Metro.
Thanks for mentioning the book! The small but passionate crew here at Aquila Polonica Publishing is pretty proud of it!
I am in love with #IfYouLoveMe it's stuck in my head 6:03 Am thanks 2
ppl annoy me like hop off my dick ima big girl i know what im doing let me do me -.-
Lmao my brother just took my dads car!! He told him he was going to wash it and never came back LOL
Had a gr8 wedding last night, awesome food and great people. Congrats to Mike and Alexis
Beat my all time record swam 1.5 miles 106 laps (53 round trips) in Jr. Olympic pool I am a precision, endurance swimmer. working hard at it
BRUNCH: Grill from Ipanema's SAT & SUN 3 Course Brazilian Brunch w/ Champagne or Bloody Mary - all for $18.95 frm 12PM-4PM...
Welcome to the Trojan Family #USCgrads2012! See you at the Coliseum
I had hearts of romaine, artichoke hearts, Roma tomato, red wine vinaigrette, and olives. Crumbled aged gouda on top. Yum!
Think positive. You'll be just fine!
Dream chasers...
#NamesForMyChildren American artist Charles Willson Peale named all his kids after artists: Rembrandt, Titian, Sophonisba, Rubens, etc.
Just finished recapping WWE's 21-show overseas tour that begins tonight in Ireland. All prospective talents take a good look.
At least y'all acknowledge that your crazy, the women who deny their psycho ways are the ones I stay away from. They'll kill you bro
i want to make soemthing fun we should make it together. i cant bring it with me anyway lol bc i m goign to be in a packed car
I kind of love whoever posts for Always makin' me laugh.
Missing him early this morning SMH..
Glad u will be doing something that u will enjoy. Hoping this summer isn't 2 hot, but I don't think I should get my hopes up
Thanks for everything and ! All my love!
that's awesome we will have to go for sure! Never been to haze yet
right back at you and your dad-happy and healthy and all incredible things for us all in 2012!!!
You're welcome! Sconnies stick together. :)
The line question suffers from "who decides?" Ultimately the author, followed by the reader, eh?
Topic of conversation at the bog. Lady boners.
Show up and let yourself be seen. - Brené Brown
those smells always bring back memories for me too. Like when I visit my mom and walk through her barn and tack room :)
Thanks for the add everyone ur the best
Being a complete degenerate and day boozing at Murphy's
I texted you back!
it's rough
I lied so u would be friends with me
if he is, I want nothing to do with him
#GameChangeBaltimore : "I can see Russia from my house!" "Damn!"
still beaming at yesterdays win at Stamford Bridge :) Yet again our sheer determination and a bit of class did the trick :D!
about to record the voice part of my final exam for spanish class
call me
Argh!! Tasty and Sons has a wait time of 1hr 15mins to 1.5hrs!! Dammit!! So hungry and I really want a chocolate potato doughnut!
The dust in Chimoio is really intense; but it sure makes for some beautiful sunsets.
Paid Young in da house.
Sure - go ahead and post the pic! Thanks for the feedback. :)
why wasn't iinvolved in this tweet?
Today in 1987, Kylie Minogue's "The Loco-motion" is declared the best selling Australia single of the 80s.
Pretty cool to see the legacy continue.
Oh, I just remembered I don't have school on October 6th. Yes! Haha
Yup, that's it. Show what hypocrites are.
": #ImTheTypeOfGirlfriendThat will make your dinner, give you head, roll your blunts." wow #$hes a winner!! lol
Drink the pain away hope to see another day
I love JoNo for wanting to be out there but, no. Take care of that ankle!
#visionconf and excited to be here in Madison! We are going to do some conserving for the future brainstorming!
I really need a mfer to send on my blunt runs... Lbvs.
Haha. True. There's always this summer. Bourdain had a lot more places on his show than the standard two.
my legs just gave out
yeah everyone thinks I'm like 14 or 15
I've got one more final between me and an amazing summer, and it's going down!
Want a fun #Ziptrip w/in 180 mi.? Follow & for local events in the nation’s capital & the city of brotherly love.
Just went on a following spree :) Still need two more followers to reach 1,000!
People! FOLLOW @ youknowbt !! RT and mention him! He FOLLOWS back!
I'd forgotten that place existed until you dragged it kicking and screaming back to my consciousness.Yep, there it is.
you coming over?
"I believed in myself. I never imagined myself as just an ordinary player." - Imran Khan.
:) Let us know when and where then and if we are free all 3 of us will be there! Just be gentle on me! :)
I spy my friend walking to her car. Hi, friend!
RT : Beastie Boy Mike D.'s art festival closes with huge turnout; includes Adam 'MCA' Yauch fans
We'll miss yours ! We are reading our way through a HUGE stack of the personal essays and there is a lot of heart on those pages.
Yeah..school is not an option tomorrow. Sleep all day.
got distracted now its officially hw time (:
"Ron Paul" would be great Grandad, but not Pres.Sick of Newt saying Drill Here & Save. Prices will still be high. It's always about the $$.
Drama will get you back, bitch.
Yay! I'm so excited for you!
you didn't follow me
You read my mind :) Especially since my office banned the use of headphones, I'm so unfocused and time is going by soo slowly!
is the best no one can compete with shady
The beauty of photographs are that they never change....even if the people in them do...- dannii
Like this one ": “Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving” - Albert Einstein"
Overeem's Lawyer argument: He didn't use ALL the fluid in the vail.
Please everyone visit: www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgUsplSAv6I please! Is a view of the born this way ball tour.. Lady gaga
Rupena's chicken and Chasin' Mason @ St. Lukes Church in Brookfield last night. Great food & great music!
I feel like shit all the time.
Morning....Everyone drive safe in this fog! Muahhh
#thingsihateinthemorning waking up extra early
oomf had me lmao at u,
I hope this film comes to fruition. see you tomorrow Jeanne (with gone elvis) xo
Thank you for being the presenting sponsor of our first-annual spring fundraising event, SHINE!
No hands RT : Thought I sobered up last nt but I just got out the salon chair & stumbled. #imamess still the #bdayPRINCESS <U+E404>
enjoy it man. Life isn't full of time to relax.
All breakfasted and coffee'd up and craving a little exercise!
Seriously! Tomorrow is already friday! This week went by fast!
I'm so excited we have a family of fox's living in our yard. Brand new babies are in a den under one of the out builldings. so beautiful
Good luck to those of you trying to play #diablo3 tonight -- and I hope that the team has plenty of our energy shots.
#SometimesIwonder where the person in the car beside me is going.
The john carter movie was actually pretty good. too bad it will be gone from theaters by tomorrow
Thank u Louisville!! #GoCards over #Gators on
I didn't. But if it's true yay!!! Hahaha
"A man who is able to walk a mile in another mans shoes, is a man that is able to run a thousand, in his own."
I keep wondering why Dora & Boots keep saying, "Swiper, no swiping!"! Just pull a bat out of the Backpack and start crackin' skulls.
Other wise u aint shit.u mine as well be dead ur dam self
Ubuntu - my humanity is bound up in yours, for we can only be humans together.
Wow, very nice. Moving where? Didn't you go to CU for undergrad?
Knowing I will probably never meet Justin Bieber. #MakesMeCry :'(
Congrats #FutureMusicMogulTeams you guys went out with a bang!
i won't be gone long!! i promise! and i'll bring you back a good souvenir!
Yesterdays living social was food related too, the box o food for two days...have to admit its tempting
Im Out Selling tickets to See Yo Gotti on May 26th feat. FFTAMG. $10.00 get at me..!!
Just finished my World History Homework.
Q. What's the difference between your wife and your job? A. After five years your job will still suck.
Thanks you too!
everthing cool, just got my studio in the crib so I'm back at it, had to take a break because shit got real out here.
Jim Richarfdson = awesome!
Biz Lunch dates have been scheduled through summer: May 2, June 11, and July 11. Don't forget to register for our inaugural lunch April 4!
yes please (: and yes you guys are pretty much adorable. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
"I'm crazy Mickey, the Beeper King. I sell my pagers for a buck nineteen." Ahh, my youth.
Passed Network + Certification Today
We want to know! Would you describe your church as seeker or attractional?
Let's hope everything is patched up by the 29th when I'll get to play it.
Walk to the ends of the earth for you, theres nothing that i wouldnt do, to make you feel my love. <3
First they should drop the rappers not doing anything. Then we can worry about
RT : People wonder why I do fan dinners. I'm picking people's brains, stealing ideas, sharing my own. 200 people/ideas.
I miss family-style lunch-- it forced me to take a break and allowed me to stop and really converse with students
I don't know what to do.. its in recovery mode.. and i can't go on my actual itunes account with all my shit because my laptop is broken..
Continue the party right into the New Year w/ a Guinness from 1 of the fantastic Irish Pubs on 36th st. Galway Hooker or The Gingerman.
its cool a little outside
ya lol i always "ok im get this done early !!"....oh hey lets go on twitter hahaha
There is more people in US prisons now than there were in the Gulag Archipelago under Stalin at its height.
I love you mommy I am so blessed to have you as my mother. My daddy made a good choice:)
alright, thanks!
So far my favorite part of #socialfresh is seeing again!
I voted for Taylor swift :-)
Doing the retrospective in our Applied Agile Development Practices class at UW. Nice to be on the fun side of the complaining!
I think there is a / btw grant-funded folks and not due to many factors: home inst. contrib, rsrch time, grad students...
he's not dead yet. there's still time.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. ~J.F. Kennedy
There is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result.
Buy the lady who sold me the ticket a new house.
50 cent beer tonight til close. Come and get it!
Im to tired to be at school.
Looking for NEW Bassist+Guitarist! contact us if you're interested.
Alright so my last account Got hacked.. and I can't log into my account on my computer so now I have this account. Xx.
Fuck all you fake people. I'm real
Marching onward. We are about 11 miles from Mt. Sterling, OH. Walk for Children's Health
#AllStarWeekend and Zach has 1 #Philadelphia76ers player to root for and Eddie has 2 #BostonCeltics players! Who are you all cheering for?!
Sending good thoughts & twugs your way today. Don't know why, but doing it anyway. What have I missed?
you in town?
Killing does not come easily, even for drone operators. People are not “natural born killers.” (John Horgan)
Haitian Game of Thrones?
BTW, saw ur from Mt Pleasant PA. Where do u go to hs? And what sport(s) do u play? I went to Calif Univ of PA back in the day.
Good morning! On my way to work!
Thanks for # perltimeline follows - I love this stuff!
school ass
That's actually how EVERYONE says it here.
Thanks for attending!
I could totally do this.. Be mortified in front of strangers. This is my daily life.
my thoughts and prayers are with you
Hoping fantasy footballers don't over-value WR Justin Blackmon. He's over-rated and doesn't enter a great situation w/ the
Great Eastern Conference Game One! Ready for Western game two tomorrow!
Thanks for the RT!!
I know ;) lol
We're looking for some guest bloggers for the next couple of weeks! If you're interested in writing a post send us a message. :D
If you live in the Chi, u already know that the pic I just posted doesn't do this snow any justice. It's SNOWING!!
Running into lots of assn execs managing virtual offices and hope to find more resources on this
Why u asking all them #questions ??? Lmao <3
"PROS and CONS:A Fantasy Football Movie" www.imdb.com/title/tt1626197/ to see the entire CAST and CREW! See the LEATHERHEADS Dan and Ray!
mind if we take this convo to DM?
Heyy.. so..I only need 2 more followers 'till I get 500!!!!!<3 Thanks to you all.
Bad dress choice... A size too small its cutting into her fat
“: Dear We are Anonymous, We are legion, We never forgive, We never forget, Expect us. #OpBoycottNetflix part one.”
Who do you think as done the best in the #NFL Draft so far?
I'm #reading The Fault in Our Stars by John Green
Why the hell is Johnny Depp a Vampire?
My favorite part of the Hannah Montana Movie, When Taylor Swift sings and she dances with that guy <33
I'm going straight to hell! Just like my mama said! I'm going straight to hell!
Going to catch a ton of shit for my next post...so I might need to wait until after alumni weekend uh hate censoring myself
I want that job, lucky.
Make sure to check out the radio show today from 2-3 PM hosted by Ben Fountain & Bobby Keough.
How tall are you?
I am not young enough to know everything. –Oscar Wilde
My brother keeps snoring , lmao!!
Congrats on your anniversary!
i really want to try nail polishes but i cant find them! UGH
I'm so tired and Facebook isn't helping.
Two of my favs. That looks yummy. You go, chef girl!
Love is just aah four letter word , until you qive it meaninqq
Oh my god, you guys, Fifi's singing Purty Little Love Song.
haha good times
That's just because Michael Bay isn't involved so it won't be chalk full of blatant stereotypes. Which is sometimes funny.
#HarryPotter will destroy all your family heirlooms. He hates that stuff.
• They haven't? Really? For a lot of folks, it kinda is wrecked right now.
no takers?
If you had to use one word to describe your summer, what would it be?
How about today: anyone up for a late lunch on the south side?
Well that was cool.
Our favorite fact-checker is officially a #PENMember. We tip our top hats to Peter Canby! Welcome!
Thx 2 the gr8 folks @ Limestone Branch Distillery in Lebanon, KY. Awesome place! Glad to jam for them as part of their opening wkend-BH
" LAKER PAPER!! Everything LAKER.... PAPER...."- MAN WHEN THAT SONG HITS!!! BOY I TELL YOU !!!
THIS IS SPARTA! Wrong movie?
m so fine plus love the music!!!
RT I like Zooey Deschanel & Sam Jackson but more impressive demonstration of SIRI's capabilities would be to use Ozzy Osbourne
Thrift is a great revenue. <U+5039><U+7D04><U+3053><U+305D><U+6700><U+5927><U+306E><U+53CE><U+5165>
Thanks for the update, Tao
Where Are You Mostly Touring For #BelieveTour #TryingToSurpiseOneOfYourBiggestFanEver ! - !
You should come over :) Its your turn
Huge partnership deal! Is it the weekend yet?
People ought to reevaluate Romney. He's a stiff acting actor frm central casting. Anyone thinking !change is coming from Mitt is delusional!
she is going places for sure. Great sound.
omg ok hang on
Breakfast Hospital!
Who doesn't?
re-stocking soon + new colorways. Size?
First time drinking soda pop in 2 weeks!
At the National Harbor.
thanks for sharing this link!
Headed to the new office - feels like the first day of school!
Got the X-mas tree in for this year...
Gotta run..this 29 yr old thinks she can kick my ass in class..so let me go rough her up a bit..I enjoy accidentally kicking her.
There is nothing more powerful than an idea
Retainers = Torture
Leaders demonstrating Emotional Intelligence understand data and feelings must integrate to make decisions.
Writing a paper about a poem translated twice from the original. I'm examining changes in humor through diminishing marginal utility.
It's so crazy how your sign discribe you to the T!
Would be #honored for a follow; please let us know if we can send a press kit with #music to your hotel for play.
Our photographers are out across Georgia covering the devastation from last nights storm. Please keep checking ajc.com for updates.
That was entertaining.
text me ?
i miss my followers.
Cant wait for SXSW
i think im get her chipped soon, so i dont have to get her a collar.
following, did you really do the exact miles your away from justin :o
Hola, Ya'all - 2 nite in the ATX - Romeo's from 8-10. Break from F Fest & chill w/ NZ & Cleveland Goodman. Free...
Riding the spacebus al the way home
Beautiful people.....
Good Night :)
FOX CONFIRMS: Rick Santorum to suspend his campaign - he's expected to speak soon
Why does my sister keep askin me what loiter squad is . Lmao leave me alone like wtf Idk.!
I need to download some new music... Suggest an artist or two?
RT : Tonight is going to SMASH Birmingham! Are you ready #Trancefamily ?
you should be participating in sundayfunday
Happy Zombie Jesus day!!
Spent the day with my sister and her family. I've missed them so much. It was good to see them again.
I ain't connecting anything if I don't find a set haha I keep looking at these old struts. They might work.
SHITAKE!!! SOMEBODY STOP HIM!! That southern swag is southern rag!!
Story of Us -Taylor Swift is my jam right now(:
A 2nd wind? Don't mind if I do! Late night drinks with some lovely ladies. #Projectstopbeingabadfriend #Commence !
We're happy and excited to be a part of such a great Twitter Party/Baby Shower!
I’ve always worked under the assumption that adorable pictures of have no topic to which they cannot relate.
Wow chula vista DMV is the busiest DMV ever...
Geometry iss lamee.#who needs it
we dont just like we love .
you are my favorite.
Am I the only person who didn't like Avatar?
Woops! No one told Tom that we had Wakarusa tickets in Norman, so he told a few people otherwise.
I live u Madison follow me it will mean alot plzzzzz!!!;)
- i hardly ever use twitter, but to help you beat Piers, here i am :D
You too!
Mix tape of the day. Insomnia. Smooth day at work so far. Bout to zone out to this. Soul headphones turned up.
In Israel!!!!
wish you were here too, but selfishly glad you're off writing more "American Daughters" for me to read :D x
Can't wait til after school....so excited!!!!
Why I gotta have a seat for 's comment?! =(
I can't have #sex because I would be cheating on
Who's headed to the GHSA Elite 8 for the 4th straight year? NIKE Camp School and Site Director Congrats.
I really do make incredible Chili, and though may live in Texas, it's hockey food in this house.
Thanks for your help, we got things fixed.
I love San Antonio! Having such a great time :)
#Surgery Tip: If you have any doubts, seek a second opinion from another well-respected surgeon.
Zombies invading my dreams again...you know, the cute crocheted ones
I'm getting a bump on my chin. #nonono #why #stress <
sterling is a cock
so what you're saying is that you hate the internet.
I wonder what I got on that test
Redundant or unnecessarily palaverous...or pleonastic... or periphrastic... Either that, or you hit the nail on the head...
#beauty #shoot #tomorrow with Can't wait!
Ha. Yes, if I nitpicked or "proofread" my last tweet, I would have inserted a comma before the coordinating conjunction.
RT : the slackers are gonna be hitting the midwest, pennsylvania, upstate new york, and eastern canada...www.theslackers.com
Eating bacon smoke my first one of the day must be nice
dance like there's no tomorrow.
Indian mangoes are late this year! They usually arrive mid-April, but there's no sign of them yet. Should I be blaming the volcano?
RT : I'm home for summer and all the local youth groups are writing "KONY" on random walls around town.
I wish I could just sleep all day!
True love in your avy
If anyone was wondering, my background Twitter pic is the universe the instant after the Big Bang.
your welcome:)
"Is that a turtleneck?" I believe the new term is roll neck. And yes. Yes it is.
Sorry, I've got a friend coming into town Sunday afternoon. We're out.
Wired iRepair on NW 17th & Lovejoy in Portland is the spot that fixed my phone. Highly recommended.
Looks delicious!
TWEET ME IF YOU WANNA BE FOLLOWED
It's quite possible that I'm living the dream!
Dave that sounds about right! Love St Louis! Lived way southeast MO back in a day.
#dear14yearoldself you are currently 14 & your eating Ramon noodles so be good and stay cool.
Some Beyonce DWBer's have the night off. Hope they enjoy it! 11weeks to go...
#ajc10 Lua Pritchard, activist and organizer from WA state "it takes heart to do this work, but it will get done!"
Other cities impersonation of Memphis is so accurate. The country accents, the pronunciation of words and the mentality.
Salute! sup wit ya
Justice is served !
Up late/early drooling over handmade #cyclocross bikes.
Spending the day relaxing...
Love the photo! Y'all should tag Wired Magazine as well!
Welcome to #Twitter !
Re-evaluate your fate
Sent out first proposal to our first choice of director's for BEIRUT. Will hear back early next week!!!
Anything's possible if you've got enough nerve. -J. K. Rowling
Can't sleep...
A powerful message from commencement speaker, John E. Barnes Jr., State Rep. for the 12th House District in the Ohio General Assembly.
there is not can't i choose to choose not to
confused sexually. You know that's your type!
Being a full-time mother is one of the highest salaried jobs... since the payment is pure love. ~Mildred B. Vermont
Arrived in New Orleans for ACP. Speaking tomorrow on building effective inpatient teams. Looking for gumbo.
I will only watch smackdown if I know for sure will be on it!
seriously thou i did lln
She is NOT BUT what would y'all say if Britt was pregnant? LOL #random ~Her Boyfriend
@ greenyclay92 it only gets us closer to spring break!
#pocketpoem Joy Harjo's "Anchorage" Come by the Revue if you're in Fresno today at 5:00 to share poetry.
Thanks! Great show.
Man, I hate that. Lol
"I miss going to bed with absolutely nothing on my mind."
Thank you :-)
Koelsch : a favorite story is of a woman who enlisted in WWII b/c she didn't believe Allies could win w/o her :)
its real easy if you understand soccer I would love to have you play with us cost is 45 to 60 depends on
thanks! I was pretty happy with it :-)
I should probably do more around the Atlanta Braves
tht cake iz totally BEAST it got some serious #SWAG (; plz reply love ya and i sent u a gift but shhhh its a secret (; lolz <3
A hydrating lotion-with a hint of shimmer can be added to yout air brush tan & will add a much needed glow with a luminous appearance.
Hey , is spending his draft wend giving prizes to his loyal fans! Great #SM synergy.
People say the weirdest shit on here lol
Think you're a Geek? Others think so? So what, Geek is cool and today is National "Ebrace Your Geekness" Day so give yourself a big hug!
That awkward moment when your eyes start watering after you yawn and people think your crying but when you do cry people think you yawed :-/
You do know you just tweeted right? lol
May the fourth be with you!
LOVE that movie!
Its so annoying how you have to always have the last word.
where did it come from NOBODY KNOWS! How in the hell is that possible >8-{}
Wisma is serving up healthy and affordable on-the-go meals! Pick one up for dinner today!
Last night, layed basslines while filming a music video. Today, I'll be doin music w local #homeless. #OffTheJunkAndOnToFunk!
Techno ....Tequila .... & Tacos... (Korean Styled of Course)
Nice. You going?
are you watching the #Liverpool game?
love you! Thanks for all you do and for being such a great friend....miss youu <3
Its nice as fuck outside im riding around getting it bumping that F.U.N. (Fuk U Niggas) Mixtape Hosted by Mista Soull. Lava Jays 2night
im at home playing games! Wbu
OH: (after *many* hours futzing with jsp/tomcat...) "can't we just have a web form and a cgi script?" /cc
"we love to wear free grey 50/50 shirts" #bigomaha If you also want one, let us know!
cataracts are the THIRD leading cause of preventable blindness in the US! LEARN MORE at The Inn this Sat 03/23 from 4:30-6:30 PM !
#Martin, Paradise Dogs. Very funny, strangely sweet farce about pre-Disney Central Florida and the Mittyesque misadventures of Adam Newman.
yea they did and not really and idk we do sometimes
You will survive it - we promise! Let us know if you need help with scholarships.
Live Running Map via #Runkeeper www.Runkeeper.com/user/kpward
Getting out of bed <
WARREN UP
Ciao Monica! TY for the follow. Hope all is swell!
Eh, it happens...
You can't post 1 Profile Pic w/ ur face in it? It's all LOGOs & LANDSCAPES & pets! Aww...how sweet! NOT
Watched very moving memorial for former Marine and amazing human Charles Colson Hoorah!
Where would you go in Seattle to purchase a long old school nightgown for a 6 year old?
Good Evening Jazz Fans! Evening Jazz on the way w/my co-host Sheila Anderson , 8pm-1am ET on Jazz 88.3 FM
"did you hear that dynamic change?"
First night of the st. Patty's day extravaganza: great success
“: Time heals everything” <<< very true
Crypts won.
To be a successful biz owner, u must have mental fitness. It separates those who will make it from those who will not.
Thank you for the support!!
quality of life saving news: the gazillion $$$ that you spend on nice sheets & bedding will be worth it. except. you won't want to get up.
Call me maybe ;)
Garnett is such a dirty player...
give me those
NYT 10/17/1980 "$49 Mil. in Swine Flu Vaccine to be Destroyed by Gov't". "Connection found between recipients and Guillian Barre Syndrome".
Oh, sorry to hear that.. can't avoid them huh?
I'm with you!
I actually did, and i love. :D Very talented.
"What was your Life like before #ESET" YouTube #contest. Enter now!! Win a #Macbook Pro www.eset.com/contest2012
Baer - Big analytics ...the universal decoder for educational reform.
Very Thankful!
I don't like this one bit..
Took a nap in the middle of the day.
vick sucks as a person. but give him credit. the cowboys will return!
love those!!!
“: are you on there as thebandee? I will have to look for you :)” I think u can search and find me that way
Chicago is the first city eliminated from contention for the 2016 Games
Open Secret played in New York last night! (To 9 people at a rough cut screening in Brooklyn. But still!)
SisbarroDeming thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Spring Love, Stevie B, Jackelop Lounge. Why aren't you here!?!
I've Been Convinced to try out for cheerleading, could be fun.
Just so you know we'll both ride on jerry when we visit Bieberland. Huh! Sounds like a good plan to me !
North Carolina: Can legally fuck animals. Makes same sex marriage illegal.
It has pretty pictures. Really pretty pictures. :)
I know he must think he's working hours
I can't believe no one is taking me up on this twitter-feud offer. Guys, this is a really good idea!
Twitter real estate chat tonight - 6pm PDT/ 9pm EDT - Cinematic filmmaking techniques
Still quite a collection of fire, police at scene of this morning's bus-ped accident (Univ & Lake)
Jordan Being An Ass
my mom is a fucking bitch.
Howie Mandel has a show tonight at the Powers Theater in NY. Get his show tickets now by calling us at: 888-493-0004
god i love photos of what your feet are doing/ what you see/ how you see it
Sunscreen in my eyes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
you can still do mine becuz ukno.. Im me :3 u know
Coming to Lawrenceville Ga, ask for our special weekend rates. Call 678-377-0003
Watching Black Mirror: The National Anthem was disturbingly like watching the Republican primaries.
Finished my league golf round at genesee valley park. Wondering how there were scattered mud puddles. We haven't had rain in weeks.
you are a genius
We had such a great time with the Downtown Dining Week experience - we plan to offer you a $10 3-course lunch menu everyday going forward!
": As a youngster, I loved science, but lost interest. Every day, #volunteers at GE work to keep science alive in classrooms"
The Seminole NAACP Chair who's retired from Seminole Co. Sheriff Dept. says #Trayvon Martin case nothing new in Sanford.
I like being pale.
I kissed probably two dozen people last night. I was just so psyched to be alive and in company of beautiful, brilliant city-dwellers. Xoxox
RT : Headed to Utopia gig w/ special guest Kris Funn!
Just met with chef Derek about using pressed duck for our prima wine dinner in June! Very excited!
Again? Is it stomach flu or Stephen King's superflu?!
needs to add either Solo's save or Wambach's goal (or both) to best play!! USA baby!!
Happy Hump Day loves! : ) Miss your face....
I missed what happened was Evelyn going after Jen or Kendra?
People I don't even be around all the time call me a "#mack"
fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck i hate not having a phone
- Yes, trust also fits nicely. I was speaking of life, tho, not relationships. = )
For sure, how is at the cocktail reception tonight?
lmfao, the girls went crazy too.
here's the big secret. I'm doing an entire Aaliyah Mixtape. <3
Simon & Garfunkel - Homeward Bound
Yeah! Went to the Columbia city market today, it was great! Made such a nice dinner for guests!
Marilyn and I are setting up our design team for 2011 to make your home beautiful!
yu're messin w. the wrong one .
Ah, one of my favorite cities. Talk to you soon!
Ethan, I'm at work...getting updates from Nina who is getting updates from Justin.!!! Ha!!!
video coming soon thesportsland.com
hahahaha thats so awesome. but what an idiot.
I have tried alpha order and other imposed orders, but even then, I find myself jumping the orde when I need a stronger paper fix.
I haven't slept right since the last time we spoke.
yeah, I'm a little too old. Lol
"mom! i have good news!" "what? you got an 100 on your test!" "mom, i said news not a miracle"
I have tendinitis...
I'm just saying! :D RT : My cousin is going to DIE if Bobby doesn't make it. LOL!
"...And the Royals have squandered another glorious scoring chance." So tired of hearing this in 2012.
sure are a lot of Asian fans in the Kingdome today
No matter how hard you try you will always get beat down by the Abominable Snowman?
#Austinmahone should be trending! Everybody tweet randomly with an #Austinmahone #HappyBirthdayAustinMahone #austinmahoneonellen !!
Guess what? We've reached 50 followers! The winner of one of my handmade bath products will be announced later today. Thanks for following!
thank you smokey love you too
I draw you over, breed you from the dirt.
are you moving?!
yeah that's cool..
I can't stand spiders <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>I'm more terrified of them then that baby scorpion <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
is it just me or was #sxsw extra crazy this year?
been walking in the moon like an astronaut ;3
“: is a freaking amazing dancer omg.”
I had a great time at last night. I also got the opportunity to tell people about my "Seasoned Gloves" "invention"
Snow, this is crazy!
Oh that's great! :))
CASTING ALERT - Do you look like Ray Liotta? (6' tall, salt & pepper hair, 190 lbs) if so contact Pat Moran and Associates
Recently updated Wisnik Weekly emails making them more useful to readers! Join for latest #job openings & industry info.
Fell in love when I saw you standing there<3
okay good :) can't wait!!
I always laughed at the scene where Mexico closes its borders to people from the USA trying to cross the border.
Although you've become experienced in fighting, God is saying "Be still" in this season!
Good morning to all of you.
Thanks for RT's/mentions:
second day school I'm tired wasn't tired yesterday...brightside is we have a
rt she really does but doesn't want to admit it #loveaddiction < Right! She's in total & complete denial!! very sad......
closed Sunday and Monday
The Bielema spring game sound bite used on the Stave piece on 6 sportscast referred to "Joey" Brennan, not Joel Stave.
I stay wet like the ocean ;)
Recording #walkingdead and watching
YUM (minus the olives)
Turns out Travelers internet blocks email, not to mention twitter...
Stay hot Red Sox.
It's not about forcing happiness, It's about not letting sadness win.
The one ski site that continues to disappoint me: , hot or not games? Really?
hangout time!
you're trying out for The Voice? good luck, man! - <3 the whole DAB family! :)
Oh yes!!! RT #badger game tonight!
Oh man. I'm torn between and Cults at Turner. Might try to hit both.
He has a rep for rushing the passer, but Upshaw says he's confident in his coverage skills.
Thanks so much for the mention -- You're the best, I hope you know!
I'm with you: travel makes me feel younger and more alive (and I've got 10 years on you). Happy birthday . Where will you be?
Saw my lil cousin and my students participate in the special olympics! Im so proud of them :-)
Happy 4th of July!!! I've got that BOOM BOOM PA DOOOOWWWW!!!
Amazing performances by HYPE!
This saturday at Mason
These people are funny lol
I think Jill is to stupid even for fox, she can't even get her facts straight irresponsible for her on air, she is nuts
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
2012 is gonna be the greatest year ever in the history of the entire world!!!
After never ending delays, we're finally back on the green roof . Soil comes tomorrow & we're playing with big boy toys - a 90 ton crane!
How many of you got a tattoo even after your parents told you that you couldn't?
Thanks for not at all answering the question!
. It's hard to believe that was only 12 units ago....
2 more hours!
ok I will
Last paper of Junior year...let's do this BS!
Cookin' shirts ALL NIGHT!! Now Playing "Breath of Fresh Air" <<HIP-HOP OXYGEN>>>
Giants defensive front will give the Packers problems
just living finally done with school.
Doing nothing is very hard to do...you never know when you're finished. ~ Leslie Nielson
your twitter feed is blowing my mind tonight. It's like freebasing creativity!
Now Ellis has offended Producers everywhere.
maybe tomorrow
Presenting a Intro to HTML5 at the Learning Media Stage at 4pm. Come learn about what you need to know and ask your Dev teams.
- why do you keep getting all this amazing shit? JUST STOP IT! lol (;
Living as Form - Brooklyn Rail
I LOVE :P OH SO DAMN PRETTY~
you're very welcome! Gotta support fellow musicians, best of luck!
Made a horrible typo that changed one word to another similar word but w/ bad meaning. Don't need spell check, Need meaning check
bitch yu wun with me shootin in the gym
#Suppan couldn't get an out at A Tucson. Nice work, #Brewers. Is it football season yet?
I can not.
Random fact #20!! 2012 is gonna be s best year I just know it PLEASE FOLLOW ME AUSTIN!(: <33
Can't believe it's already here! RT : Just a few days till ! Are YOU ready?!?
If you use data alot, you're a data scientist. I use data, but don't want to be called data scientist. Hope they call me "guy who uses data"
Oh, man. I do NOT feel well. This headache is making my stomach ache, and my sinuses are rebelling. No fever, but it's not looking good.
Umpire Bill Miller could have caused even more problems last night when yelling at fans...
Thank you for this "Peace begins with a smile."
One question: Is "young preservationist happy hour" code for wife's super-awesome birthday party?
I'm making mama kaugh
I did wipe my finger across the screen! I'm following now! Ha ha!
No dates anywhere near MN on fall tour. They neglect MN but as long as they keep doing the DC to LAlpine run I'll be happy
feel hysterical about the exam drama few weeks back...
Can you confirm the gender of the ped killed in the 36/120 accident?
Ortho this morning
See Badges are like grades that you POST on YOUR Profile! Undergraduates love them because they can't easily be averaged into a GPA
hey show me ur real hair cute long hair black nails love it
I know I'll be straight but that a wolf to our pack dude
Great night tonight with maribell and at
Crackdown on substance abuse
Enough Politics. Protect Planned Parenthood Cancer Screenings.
holler! We're ready for next season!!
How my girlfriend begs me & kisses me not to leave, she's too much <U+263A><U+2764>
I remember watching a baby story and being so excited.. And now all I do is cry.
Yeahh they kill it
ha, ha. I type something, tweet it, and then realize you wrote the exact same thing.
I'm pretty sure this #shirtoff is illegal in most countries...
Just kidding... My tee shirt guy is out in the jungle until this time next week. Sorry for the false alarm!
is the food any good? katie was talking to a few of her friends and looking to do a trivia. know of any good trivia on a FRI nite?
that's just mean
show them how politics can REALLY be
yup how u know ?
Q3: I have only made lunch/dinner in #slowcooker but a friend said she made a #quiche-type-recipe. Anyone else try this?
#OnlyFatPeople is trending. I better lose some weight.
They're in the room down the hall -___-
What if a family of Warlocks moved into quiet suburbia? Could be a new comedy or reality if they actually practice witchcraft
that's a good idea Lets call it the #wrecking house I did my laundry too & couldn't help but notice the lack of a jacuzzi and bar
Thanks for Following!
I hear ya my friend, I should be sleeping and I'm wide awake!
Why is this girl tryin to fuck everyone in PA right now.
The only joke we're still making is that they're gay thats not even a joke its the true lol
You got mail.
sports ftw! :)
yea well could i for 9 days just to teach you well id drive to come and teach you im going to mo the 25
haha someones butthurt! its ok take ur frustration out on me if it mkes u feel better about urself
Setting up Grant Vetter's Ab-Extradition show. Just read the limited edition book. Amazing essays!
I just got a pie server for a gift!
If Drew Gooden can get his twitter account verified for sucking, I want mine verified.
my biggest fantasy is BSODM, where I'm typing term paper all night and then a tall woman in latex makes me open NetMeeting; computer crashes
Ash named starter for tonight. Looks like we didn't get a shiny new QB under the tree after all.
Found the dog's "kong" treat toy and now all she does is pick up the toy, drop it at my feet and want a treat. I created a cookie monster.
as many games I have gone to thus far I might as well have bought season tix. Will do it next year though
Tomorrow! Come by and celebrate our 1 year anniversary and KKD's 74th b-day. Everyone will receive 1 Original Glazed Doughnut FREE!
tight because someone sent me a 'my boo' remix by balam. did one for my new EP. gonna prob rip it out now, too similar.
G'morning tweeter's hope y'all enjoy ur day.
Who wants to do what's right? When you can just do what's on your mind.
I Was Izzy!! I Kinda Like Jersey Shore...Lol.-Shelby
follow mee girl :D
did you have a good mother's day?
I hate u Chris Paul :-/
hey Danyelle! i know this question may seem redundant...lol what hair color do you have or did have in your hair...other than henna
4 more, and freedom!
yea, me no likey!
#WordPress #Tools Adman – Allows you to post ads such as Google AdSense at the beginning or middle of a post.
Can't move body feel frozen
I could eat breakfast food all day.
just sorted out wildcard domains on heroku - good stuff
The lottery is up to $640 million!
Finally .....its friday!
Hope everyone has a spook-tacular Halloween!
I'LL BE A JONAS FAN FOREVER <3
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man. Lana Turner
Pilates classes do not have to be expensive! $45 single private pilates classes or $400 for 10 sessions! No contracts! Pay as you go!
lulu.com is the website.
Your what I never want to be
": I do NOT suffer FOOLS AND I DO NOT FOLLOW THE ADVICE OF IDIOTS OR FOOLS!"// Well said! 90% are on Twitter! LOL! Peace.
IT'S GOOD CALL ME SOMETIMES
it suits you. glad the trip has been going so well. <3
Did you check to see if there were any scratches or fingerprints on the… oh, wait.
Final votes for & 's Vote for a Cause are being counted and scrubbed. Results soon!
yes I have to register and become a member awesome web site.
does that mean Pack cover;)
Lawson is KILLING the Lakes Me So Happy
Happy Birthday!!!
My lats and pecs are burning. Good workout yesterday.
I good at sports and that's it I'm not smart
you want to put your cockiness where?
found you on youtube, saw you at work, took a picture, put it on facebook, ricardo saw you, (c)
omg. That's so cute.
Is there a polite way to ask someone to tell their kids to shut up?
Morning all. I'm tired but have to get outta muh comfy bed. How's everyone this am?
at worst backs him in that Econ analysis on Argentina is clouded by preconceived notions.
THAT IS FLAWLESS!
yea me 2 but I'm come Houston this summer so I will c u the.
Yay! RT : Congrats to UW Libraries Purchasing & Supply for achieving GOLD in UW Green Office Certification...
I want a Cherry Vodka Sour...like NOW! but i guess i have to wait til later on tonight.
you should come over for lunch to tell me and your thoughts about it! :)
Bob Seger is coming to rock Arizona tonight at US Airways Center at 8:00 pm. Check with us for some last minute tickets: 888-493-0004
Analog tweet is very excited for the identity Lunalux is working up for us.
panther pants
Right now I'm living. Living good.
Quick to bite my damn head off! 4 wat tho?
Just wanted to say we da best when it comes so far in betting on baseball this year +97 Units So Far!
Thank you to today's Hamilton Co Leadership Luncheon sponsors: industrial products, , and
New music (new to me anyway) Great!: Australia, NYC and London? Borneo, Malaysia, NYC
Clause and the relationship between the two.
All are great and the coaches,Carson, band, backgrounds, dancers,make it great television..Our household is split on the best
Competitive advantage, yes. Unfair? Absolutely not.
After tonight I swear I have a new outlook on niggas and life. Iwant my ex back thoe :( lol
RT : <U+2661>Give Extra Kisses to Your Children <U+2661>
I'm running with at 6:19 PM
Beautiful wintertime photograph! Thanks for sharing!
i wish i could skype with you! D: i'm too shy, lmao.
Going to have two job interviews this week, I hope one of them leads to something.
I will(:
Hating on football? Your whack.
Why put all of your business on twitter????
remember when you wrote a story about me and you as WoW characters?! hahah xD
Haha awesome. Looking forward to seeing u anytime. Maybe we should try to get on Castle set? Can't weet 'til next week <3
hello twitter world
insights about our hmong, chicano, african american students...i'm trying to read & learn more to create a space for stu +
yes i have rage in me ... yes i have anger .... so what? thats what makes me human
How's #ISS going
Please follow back?
No biggie Cowboys! Don't let yesterdays sorrow overshadow tomorrows dreams<3
ok will do
I'm going to tweet u on beliebintx and here! Just tell meeehh!
uh definitely not!
DC is a very cheese-tastic town.
Do you love this shit ?
I love my family so much. Had fun today, can't wait until summer!
it's true.
I need a #FollowBack I know you remember me we have to catch up
Wearing my sombrero now...and a smile!!!!
Glad to hear it.
Sorry Marjie! He did beat you by a few seconds :) RT : Ha! Beat ya!!!!
literally worked all day - love my job, very thankful .... time to crash
191 of 206 free throws for 92.7% is truly one of the most impressive stats ever.
GIANTS VS JETS SPECIAL! Come watch the game tonight with us and enjoy $2.00 Beers, Draft & bottle, and a HUGE 20" 2-topping for $14.99!
Why do people always sleep in front of the door to the stairs on the fourth floor of Fondren?! I almost just bowled some guy over... und ...
No sleep over here
Today is national Sibling Day!What better way to show them watsup then by taking them out for some grub and paying w LevelUp!
Back for day 2 of the #ncbo ontologies workshop. Nigam Shah talking about using ontologies to make sense of unstructured data in medicine.
My lack of activity on here proves 2 things: I still have no idea WHY I'm doing this, & I must lead a pretty boring life over all! (:
not looking forward to practicing handoffs outside
Nice shot of the Needle!
I will let you know as it approaches
"Secrets of the Tribe" now showing on demand HBO Docs exposes the dark underbelly of cultural anthropology- it's shocking
That awkward moment when you find yourself singing along to the song you hate.
Q: MV vs Cabo A: Ugh, plebeian. I dont go unless I own--its a rule. I HAVE been to Branson's Necker a few times.
But I have to go make bacon. I wish we had enough bacon so I could just stay home with you guys!
Heading to the doctors for possible blood work wish me luck!
Thanks guys! It's an exciting time for me right now :)
schedule set! hands on now
No religion gives the right to tell you that you don't have the right to a beautiful life.
#NBA2k12 Stop Quitting fools Take the loss
hello sis! if you had the power to change anything in our world today, what would it be and why? <3
ohh okay, I just updated my phone today, maybe it's a #supersmartphone now gotta stay ahead of the game! Lol
Sad, but not overly shocked news. Figured if we haven't heard anything, it was not good news. He was a helluva player
15m chart right now. I'm trying out a new set of indicators.
"if you celebrate your life you celebrate your purpose. If you can't celebrate urpose then find one and live for it. And LIVE for it."
my brothers horrible singing woke me up -_- great now I can't go back to sleep.
Happy Birthday ! The crazy, rangy, funky, gritty, singer you are! Much love
I'm in bed I have my headphones up full volume and Cass still hasn't woken up #super sleeper.. Wanna day drink tmrw?
NO! We were so tired from working on the new warehouse, we forgot walking dead was on! Argh!
Tell me why SEC coaches need to be escorted after football games by law enforcement personnel. What's up with that????
I do beseech you to direct your efforts more to preparing youth for the path and less to preparing the path for the youth.
GOOD LUCK today in the NLC Semi Finals against Det Mercy! Show No Mercy Ladies!!
did you know about this account? --->
ah no worries. Whatever works for you. I'm just bitter because I haven't watched an actual TV in, well, seemingly millennia.
At rehearsal. Only my friends would try to stage a Shakespeare show in a week. Only I'm dumb enough to say I'll jump on board. Crap.
we got some great designer pieces in this week. Check em: www.midcenturymobler.com
Happy birthday, ! I trust that you have a fun weekend planned! Have fun!
warm vagina
as an east/west coast hybrid, i never thought i'd see the day when kissFM and 'BLS would merge.
HAVE FUNN BABES ;D !! FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW ME <333
tomorrow (8/9). join me for my special guest performance at the WCC 5th Anniversary Celebration- Merritt College student center- oakland, ca
Thanks for the #ff really appreciate it. Your tweets are so valuable to all of us!
And classes begin...
Good morning, friends! The songwriting process continues, and sometimes getting the right lyrics involves a good storytime. =)
3 weeks and counting... My BIG trip to Syndney, Australia!
who wants to be my 200th follower?:)
gotta love the pigs! xo
Check-In tonight using your Yelp App or FourSquare App and receive a Free glass of Mango Lassi!!!
Your vet will be able to advise you on what food may be best for your pet.
Our space is full of #energy this morning with groups from , #Ted and
that #undun shit is so dope... great work by the most legendary crew, as usual
Who is Rebecca Spencer and why is she being talked about on my timeline so hard??
Back in San francisco. Now it's time to digest all the great information gathered at AAM this year!
city to catch the bus...LU in the boonies lol
Cheer to the freakin weekend, I'll drink to that yeah!
any word on the new album release date?
Do you ever forget what some of your pet peeves are when they haven't come up in a while? I can't be the only one!
If by "masochist" you're referring to the pain of secondhand embarrassment at your attempts at wit, then perhaps.
GCB canceled??? O m g!
Thanks for the RT
next week!
Damn Simms i just keep losin followers niggas bout to go back down to 8
How does your motion on your affected shoulder compare to the opposite when reaching behind your back? Significantly decreased?
Target. Xmas Eve. Let's do this thing.
haha just playing. Lol "why so serious?"
UL over UK? Cmon dick you know better my friend
Get on the train or get run over , were a family and nobody can stop us !!!
Can you shuffle? And would you do it on stage with LMFAO?
In Birmingham tonight, Nashville tomorrow night. Back to work on Monday.
Amazing how much u can learn/get hooked in a very short pitch when it's good - tip: walk audience through user exp, clearly state issue
Just realized I wont be home at all for any of the next round of the playoffs except for game one on Monday. Bummer.
I want weave, maria wants extensions..
date night in baked salmon & balsamic asparagus w/red potatoes plus two great movies yet to be determined. Snuggling with pup, kitty & hubs
RT : Police moving in on #OccupyCleveland -- #PowerShift-ers singing their support: "Solidarity forever, solidarity forever"
Gotta bang this #socialmedia operating guide out. Will stay for as long as it takes (or till I get tired of the document)...
Dudes awesome band u formed good music keep it commin
One phrase and all demonic forces and everything in the earth must bow and that is......IN JESUS NAME!!!
Why do we only crave what's bad for us? Alcohol, deep fried food, sex with strangers. You never hear anyone say "I'd kill for some lettuce
Welcome to florida.
Kept it so real, cool, calm and collective on the Breakfast Club this morning....Respect the hell out of u!!!!
S/0 2 My lil, big bro matter what the situation iz he alwayz on the TEAM....
Well, aren't we just a ray of f*****g sunshine?
Thanks for the follow back!
D'ya suppose the "Legacy" storyline is a factor? ( forgive the vagueness, I'm speaking in "code". )
o - where are you going?
Thanks for the follow Alan!
Children's Creativity Museum (formerly Zeum, San Francisco) has reopened with a new name, and an enhanced vision! Congratulations from ACM!
He is from East London.
Yes, we r! They're already in LA w my sis. Been vid conf w them too. Convenient now w/o the 1/2 way ard the world time diff
Today feels like Thursday for some reason.
Good looking out. Thanks for the photos. Great event and great photography.
idk bro I'm really mad at my self. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
We learn wisdom: 1st by reflection which is noblest; 2nd by imitation which is easiest; 3rd by experience which is the bitterest. Confucius
Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future ~ Oscar Wilde
...along & just love the whole show.
appreciate the feedback!
also, thinking that fist pumping in the middle of a traffic jam is highly underrated.
Love that song. But then, who doesn't? RT : Song of the Day - "I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles)" by The Proclaimers
as much as I love protein shakes and smoothies (I love both of them a lot of a lot), you should still be eating food-food..
: Under nearly 23 million Americans are struggling for work. RT if you agree he should be a one term president.
you kill it everyday ;)
i run off budlites and heineken lmfao
no plans as of now, hook it up!!
You know it's time to stop writing when the best descriptors you can come up with are "very" "interesting" and "unique." I admit defeat.
I will tell no one. (While you have waited for this train, I have consumed an entire Los Gorditos burrito. Hahahahahahahahaha.)
Have you been waiting to hear the news about our Clingy Adventure? Clingy will be exploring Japan Town with Dana and Lisa today!
Is knitting an art,a craft,or mechanical design technique?
I so need new friends
cant wait till 1 2 3 4 of july those days(in voice)r about to go down lol. in atlanta georgia
I love, love, love Where's Walrus and have loved sharing it with students this fall.
The Shirt 2012 is unveiled in approximately 4 hours!!!
Twitter is hard man.. How do I get followers lmao
Walks in New York >>>
I couldn't be happier for you. Stellar.
Plz do RT : really cool concept - thx for add, will have to clean out closet and bring clothes to trade!
Signs are up on the outside of the building!Pictures to follow...or better yet, twitpic one for us...you might just win something from us!
Had a great convo with a woman of God today.... idk why but all my friends are either 25, mid thirties, or in their forties lol
A New York state of mind.
this is my only way to communicate to you. please just tweet me. I love yu you inspire me so much xo
U fuked with my family... U fuked with the wrong family!! I will not hesitate to end u!!
Going to the studio in a few...... Success doesn't rest, therefore I cannot until I have it....
texting while walking - HOW STUPID!
Me and my bf both think Dallas mavs fans are cocky lol finally someone who agrees with me!
Keeping everything 100
Ima boss pop on pandora. What up
Be sure to check out Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas. Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66!
me too.
I was being chased by the devil and Idk why but I got on twitter to ask you for advice on how to kill the illuminati
Great new day, don't let those who say "You Can't..." bring you down. "Dare to Dream."
If you compare nicks voice from the interview where they were talking about rollercoasters to the new ones, his voice got way lower c;
I expect to get about 25% of whatever they offer...sound about right?
Hi Jim. It's nice to find you on here. Hope you're well!
ok live it up!
#sadface 4 us 2. RT: You know what #Beertown is? Awesome. Know what else? Sold out. And now you're stuck at home. Alone.
My thoughts too!
Slowly unwinding from a long weekend. My life has become way too busy this quarter.
omFG i am dying from your "i'dcapthat" ok
Help #SignAustinMahone ?? Anyone?? Anyone know any free manager that can manage Austin's career. DM me(:
Hay #Yuckalert let's get #Yuckalert and #youknowlifeisgreatwhen... like really trending.
Have you gone to this event before? How is it?
Wanna hear a joke?
“The gift of life after all is not it’s duration, but its donation.” – Corrie Ten Boom
Thx. Considered perhaps the most dangerous place on earth.
it just kills me inside <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
RE: GW and Old Towne Orange... NICE! :D
It's Interactive Day at TriBeCa Film Festival at IAC by FordFoundation transmedia panels all day
I'm a big fan
haha you silly! For some reason this cracked me up. Just call up Pink and ask her for hers since you all are
"Time isn't telling me a thing - it's playing with my heart." ::the bridges::pieces::
Last Underground Worship Service. Bring all your friends. One last Wild Wesley Dance Party and swim partyish
Haha, uh oh. Sounds familiar.
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you twerk in the middle of the street.
Call Me Maybe :-)
getting our study on
#BigtTime! RT : hey I just heard your radio ad on WLUM for ! Congratulations!
Bella and I were invited into the Polish Veterans Alliance. Nice group of people in there...Always fun to walk around the neighborhood.
lol was he barefoot too?
Just got an e-mail... subject: "Welcome to Google Drive." Anyone else?
Happy Thanksgiving !
Thanks :-) Enjoy your weekend.
I never asked God to take me out of the storm... I simply asked Him to hold my hand through it.
i try my best to get back to my fans..i love all my fans
Hola! Set your goals and stop at nothing till you reach em. If you fall down get back up!
block him SF...everyone else has :)
you got "Union Rags" 9/2 odds GOOD LUCK!!!
Each of us is meant to have a character all our own, to be what no other can exactly be, and do what no other can exactly do.
Bearing in mind that I've only read Book 1, I think maybe, if forced to choose, I'd be on Team Gale. cc
"M, It is my opinion you will be proper with what you’ve said." <U+261A> LOVE spam comments.
ouch... they'll get you for anything nowadays. When are you moving back to the boro?
lol, doggies are so cute :)
so were the bulls. Look at where they are now. All year has nothing to do w the playoffs. That was an unexpected victory.
"All true passion is born out of anguish." - David Wilkerson, founder of Teen Challenge
Just found out a guy i work with that went to auburn had a "meat science" class....im not even a bama fan and thats funny.
Damn its been a minute since i been on here..gotta get myself together..lol...ill be on here every so often..twitter aint for me no more.
hope u enjoyed the Luck EyeBlack. That company has the patent on putting logos on EB patches. Sold 6M pairs in '11.
lol seriously. tell nicki come on back to twitter. follow back
Buying my tickets on Mon. for #watchthethrone tour with and for 12/1 Chicago, IL!! So excited already!! :)
Hope you'll post the living rich article! One of my fave books is The Millionaire Next Door ... same concept; great advice!
is that a Linkin Park track?? It's kind of a bet, kind of a present!
Healthy so far. Now for the REAL physical. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
its clever,grestest
Anyone looking for good live music and drinks come to The Bitter End on Bleaker St for the 11:00 Abbey Rd show w/ the Gary Mayo band
I saw a wedding taking place today on the steps of Niagara Falls City Hall. The couple looked so happy. They were both women. I love NY.
yuck. glad you didn't come up on the trip? get better soon.
hey its : FOLLOW BACK PLEASE?
i don't have it
ugh, how tough is it to always say NO - - ???
AFPW CONSOLIDATING NICELY! NEXT LEG SHOULD RUN INTO THE 8's----9's
Going to the ministry fair on Sunday - Look us up and say hi and join! www.rocksteadydance.org
I am fortunate that my parents have not limited my college dreams based on finances. But scholarships/job salary are a must
#museweb Is tweeting really a viable option for those of us who don't have a smartphone, data plan, and spend copious amt of time on planes?
Don’t wait until u’re forced2 appreciate da lil things u take 4granted, appreciate them now...
RT : The longer we dwell on our misfortunes the greater is their power to harm us. ~ Voltaire
Yo mom is the best dude!! N i would love 2 cum over cause ma dad is not cooking nothing jasmine going 2 her moms for xmas
Let's go Clips!!!!
isn't that insane?!
haha :) thank you
glad you know him...
I really should start tweeting more #eh?
My home computer was having network connectivity issues. Will post my VOICE recap tonight when they're resolved. Apologies.
“: Guys is giving away free tix to the #OPENBAR concert on May 3rd. I've got tickets at 9:42 to give away!
Lets just say that you have been warned...The Saints Are Marching IN. Who Dat?
enemies is cool the love ones a hurt you
I'm dropping y'all some dope tracks!!
We saw some whales late this morning, that was pretty cool. More rain & high surf advisory, I think that means it's time for nachos & drinks
Wanna know what's scary? A 165 pound two year old!
Next week is 'finals week' some classes have em this week tho RT : yo, you fools have finals this week or next?
I can't believe we just felt that in NY. I'm terrified
Just need a cuddle buddy ;) RT : ew I hate football season!!!! that means it gets cold out!
haha is that line from that movie? My pops use too say that too me growing up lol
If Jon Jones loses tonight, it would be a stretch to think that emotions got the best of him.
#expchat I'd do an Australia/NZ/SE Asia trip. I lust over such cruise itineraries online on occasion. Some day.
I thank God I'm alive.
Are you guys going to be doing the same thing you're doing for Dc from the NYC concert? Please answer :)
#Bruins' offense is terrible right now. The top two lines need to step up or this game will be lost.
That would be sweet. Phil Jackson is the man!
Hahahaha well, at least I made it to Klink right?
If the thunder and Indy make it to the finals... I'll do anything to go to a game!
Fuck being lucky, All of THIS----- came from Hard Work
"rappers have it so easy all they do is talk fast" ... really bitch do it then
where did you go on fb? Let me know
Done talkin to the love of my life now time to hit the sheets
RT : You might as well dominate today you got every promise of God working for you.
Your pathetic & desperate...give over yourself. All you say are lies that you wish were the truth. #Stupid/worthlessPeopleTheseDays
I miss yahhhhhh
no problem!
Miami mobile app dev MOBIUS has launched greeting card app. Lot's cheaper than Hallmark, etc. Go to www.mobiuscards.com to try it out FREE
Barrera: Also integrating career education -- practical real world skills all our kids need
Being gracious is more important than ever.
Thank you, & right back at you! I'm always happy to network! “: : #Chicago Now Following #ChicagoNetworking”
Sadly, you and the fire marshal disagree. We're looking into ways to maximize space, and we hope to add outdoor seating soon.
UNM north is flush with newly-minted med school grads... a lot of beaming parents...
I had one where I was the star for the Lakers and the team bought me an old school NES. Yeah, our brains are peculiar.
Dreams are most fun when you first think of them and after you have accomplished one...the time between start and finish is just hard work!
It's gross but you have to wash them in tomato juice... We had to do it to my dog once.
Did you really?
im not. Im jus tired
Eat balls, Philly.
LENT† Ahh, we Catholic Lites (Episcopalians) embrace it, too.
My man Stewie. Whats up bro?
Ugh ima need this guy to lose my num he is annoying
Welcomed a family from the UK to #Cleveland! I decorated their new #Westlake condo with balloons and candles!
hey! please tweet my sister back! :)
Hey why you sleeping on the Lady Quakers? 9 - 1 winners of 9 straight...good things happening...Boys are not bad either!
just did
you trend cuz your
I don't know why I care what you think about me cause you were dick anyway.
Did you stay past the credits and watch the Schwarma scene?
don't think you are sharing it...
I dreamed something really really weird & really creepy & scary. D:
I get the best feeling when you text me first <3
#FABULOUS mood! no one ruin it thanks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
Thanks for spreading the word about us donating a portion of sales to , and ! We're open until 8!
It's not a shrine...
a recommendation for improvement, have a favicon for the bookmarlet via Chrome. Other than that, great job!! I love it!
If you don't smoke, thank you for making life more pleasant.
Carl Schorske, Fin-de-Siecle Vienna: Politics and Culture.
I want to jump out of a plane with a squirrel suit and a bottle jack daniel! And don't forget the parachute
super helpful again! Thanks for your hard work.
hahaha what? Your tweet just made MY day! Thanks!
Don't you tell me what to believe.
thanks a lot dude!!!
MARRY THE NIGHT SINGLE COVER <3<3 Follow me don't be such a holy fool
RT LOL : Chicago - If you want to repeat today's weather everyday from now until eternity, it would be appreciated.
PLEASE FOLLOW
Sick as a DOG. But can i sing...? Guess we'll see...
oh we saw that.... that's what we were talking about how we dug your work! Bro, again - nice work!
I kno Stripping seem so empowering women....but it's not, it actually makes u powerless overtime
what's on your mind
Brilliant #marketing #hershey new air chocolates. They are filled with air #greatLessChocolateMoreAIR whoo hoo
Taking a break from art tonight. Got dishes to do.
ah. well then. YELLING AND FLIPPING TABLES IS GOOD RECREATIONAL ACTIVITY!!! I'm on the local club team.
#healthtip: When sick - stay home! You will not derive benefits from exercising when you are sick & you may even slow your recovery.
I see you were at Portland IKEA.Did you notice any Hazmat activity not too far away at PDX? All clear there,by the way.
So excited about #RNC2012 We're glad you're here doing walk thru
I bet Instagram will enable a live (auto updating) option.
MT : Great rule change:NCAA allowing to workout recruits on visit. Controlled envir allows you to evaluate prospects much better
I seriously don't understand why people bring their gutairs into class and play them.
When I read about entities falling into "the quicksand between likeability and irritation," I immediately thought of Zooey Deschanel
that's a great freaking movie!
how to keep SDM from turning into another incarnation of Environmental Studies
Im going basketball 2day.....hope it'll be an awsome day :)
I got 99 problems but a n***** ain't one ;)
people please
ill find out
That Al Gore. He's such a comedian, isn't he?
<U+26A0> watching the news
Did Dick Stockton just call Caron Butler's dunk a "slam field goal?"
dear facebook, if I wanted memories from 2007, I wouldn't be drinking a quarter of vodka for breakfast
What is the #1 problem you want to solve when creating a 6-figure business?
New timeline! Let's see how this goes!
Whaat happened ? /; Ohh yeeaah he moved on and im still here crying for his love .
The Vow was amazing!! Had a lot of fun with and Hannah. (:
From our house to yours ...Happy Thanksgiving !
Happy Friday! Shoutout to some of our new followers!
My substitute teacher has toilet paper sticking our of her bra. She's like 80.
“How many legs does a dog have if you call the tail a leg? Four. Calling a tail a leg doesn't make it a leg.” - Abraham Lincoln
I don't know. Is ownership what matters? Or flexibility? I (and most people) rented in NYC. Will read article...
How do you communicate with the party of NO WAY!
: It's so true though!
Nice to see my buddy getting some face time today. You have to really look around to find a nicer guy in TV news...
City of Tucson is a mess. Visionless and corrupt. Political system is tyranny of majority. Minority completely unrepresented. Sick.
holy shit that last retweet tho! couldn't stress it even more
d rose and westbrook are so fun to watch. very similar players. love their dunks
We want to thank Ron Lacey Community Outreach Rep of the Mayors office for the confirmation of attendance to this years peace festival!!!
We speak the language of breakfast!
Remember floam? I want floam back.
watching tv lol
My pleasure. Keep me in the loop about more happenings. Esp ones that have to do with asian cuisine.
Appalachian Granny is baking Cranberry Walnut Pies fresh at Acme! Order one today! 614-732-2803
Another full train. Where r u people magically getting on these trains. Heading north to find out.
We just announced our Grand Opening for CIELO, May 18 & we're casting select guests to attend! We'd like to have you there.
Thank you! :D
Are you kidding? they have popping champagne bottles since june, reality is waiting right around the corner for them though
Thanks, doll! <3
ok(: well it's gettin late, night.
Friends don't let friends say 'erng'.
there is such a thing call ghetto redneck lol i got a couple in my neighborhood
#NP Billy Blue: World is Mine ft. Brisco <--- Dat 36 Reloaded go HARD!!!! Extended clip!
Poof ! I'm gone
I LOVE it!!
is getting ready to head to Spotlight Comedy Club to see Aaron Foster perform.
RT Fond of bow ties and hats. Handbag bigger on the inside. Talks to variety of creatures. Evidence Mary Poppins is a Time Lord.
Improv is the perfect medium 4 a smartass like me.
"Napping is not an art." "You haven't seen me take a nap. I take it to a whole new level."
Cincy line blocking very well. Could be trouble for #Texans. Hold 'em to a FG.
Sure thing - skype chat me at dschleifer
have u ever sen phoebe in wonderland. patricia clarkson is so eccentric i luv it
Seems we have agreement to let group review clinical ontologies/mappings for ortho, ICU, & spine in 3 weeks, as an initial foothold.
When will we see proposal to cut pay/bennies of all govt employees, including those holding national office?
Flipped through the 2012 Buyer's Guide tonight. Lots of Oregon companies, products, places in full effect!
ack! Oh well. At least there's nothing you can do about it. :)
please change this weather back to the beautiful spring we were having!!!
Y WOULD YOU GIVE THOSE UP! If you like those you need to go to the asian store and see all the other jizz in my pants food
Don't be so quick to run from your problems. Learn how and when to battle
Sending lots of good vibes to today. YOU WILL ROCK THIS.
still waiting for that ABS shot my friend!
before you change the world might want to check spelling. Are you multiple fishermen? Or are you a fisherman?
It's snowing Gift Cards. LIKE us here and get your FREE $25 BVEN Gift Card
Kickers suck.....they have one job and are only needed to perform it a few times each game.
Today in 1770, Marie Antoinette married the future King Louis XVI of France.
what's with the education lately? cut that out! ugh ! I'm a cranky tired old lady.
what's up Tony!!!
Don't do it with the lies, even if they are white lies. #Honesty is the best policy. Trust me.... I KNOW!
you left Christopher Walken's wall out of the app, so I uninstalled it.
yea i did lol
Midcentury furniture hunting is addictive :)
Word can't describe how angry I am
Website's down suckas!
JBALAN IanFydell bamachic101 that's awesome of you to do! I Foster dogs until they r adopted :)fkcaGg.
ps I don't trust music professionals who don't have a grasp on the entire industry
So real...
Bosco with the equalizer. We're knotted up at one a piece
Agree with both your Points
Could someone please explain to me how paper could possibly beat rock?
I wouldn't!
I finished my taxes this year just in time. As usual anger was involved. The only luck is what I make for myself.
Red space is like a baby sometimes, a baby with too many needs.
nice!! Thanks:-)
Getting a new car >>>>
Where's the party?
Play Give Your Heart a Break!
LOL ..thanks I appreciate it!
there's only so much I can do before it starts to wear me down & I have to go rest.
2 more days till KidsEatMiami! Get reduced price tickets to Jungles Island and support the kids at the same time!! www.kidseatmiami.com
not even in your dreams whimp!:)
"Think, think, think." Winnie the Pooh
#ItGetsMeMadWhen I eat a sleave of thin mints way too quickly.
"I think my problem is, that my coding is good, but my game sucked."
Thanks! They think you're pretty cool, too (neighborhood AND kids)
If u guys got eyes take a look at me kno b***h xP
I don't know but it's sad, we need to change that! xo
Can't get enough of these reality "haunting" shows. Good background sound for working. :') Just finished an episode of
gay club or club in general?
no that means I'm good!!
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 29
Wow. That just proved that Orrey paid no attention in English...
Very cool - I will be looking for them in the app!
": Eternally confused as to what to say to girls in any given situation #hi #sorry #bye" Don't let them get ya down bro!
hahahaha that's okay. totally understandable. send me some pics if you get a chance :)
OMG..that episode of TVD...WOW
Beverly and Cindy just handed me a good laugh...
Why we love #EV s. RT : When I had a Mitsubishi iMiEV in 2009, a years electricity cost me £85. Or 1½ tanks of petrol...
How you make me laugh, how you make me smile, as I casually examine your ass, I like your style.....
Where did you get that number?
under a rock apparently. But I'm finally FINALLY back :). So, when are we hanging out? I need some Sisarina time!
A kid came to class wearing a Rock Hall shirt. I told his mom I was from Cleveland and she said "What an awesome city to be from!"
Stressed and fustrated...
I just made a cubicle around my desk at home so I feel like I work in an office. My dog is my secretary. She makes a terrible cup of coffee.
F-Texas I want them to lose the next 10 games.
Amped for the party tonight !!!
Sorry I couldn't make it out - had a little medical emergency at home over the last couple of days, so I'm watching the Stream!
I open to suggestions. I'm still dressed from work.
Drew Ramsey from Hubig's is on Happy Hour, live and with warm lemon pies www.itsneworleans.com
WTF yep u GDMF laker dick -suckers...where are u?!? altitude doesnt mean crap....come suck mine n tell me differently....
Copyright protects creative works, Trademark protects names and logos.
i bet katniss everdeen would eat kraft easy mac if i sent it to her in a parachute... yes, im done on the mac and cheese talk for the night.
great meeting tonight with now working on a set list for the spring and summer shows-BH
Im so scary
haha, yes my dear! I'm too lazy to change until bed time!;)
PIZZA FOR DINNER!!!!!
Fourteen. And. O.
: hell anyone out there
: Great to see you this week! Hasn't Enterprise Connect been a great show?
I could care less about math & conics right now. like
Lorax this am with the kiddos
Great workout, feeling slim already.
I'm always above all the things u've ever said...
Tracking Minnesota Vikings&#39; 2012 NFL Undrafted Free Agent Signings
about 2 hours ago
thanks love <3
Oh yeah.. It's the Victorias Secret one that I'm obsessed with. It's the guy you met last night
If NOT, then STOP ACTING LIKE IT WHEN YOU GO OUT TO VOTE! The Democrats are the most downright ignorant, thieving bunch of scum in the USA!
Things change so fast. One lie compounds on another. Maybe this is the end. But whoever has the heart will make it not.
As a matter of fact, it was my SAT scores that led me into my present vocation in life, comedy
Raining again... damn it. Out and about and wet...
youu tweet a lawt! How do you manage 2 do that?
We need help - more Facebook likes please!!!
What are your fav #sandiego restaurants? I LOVE that this city has so many great #locally owned mom & pop joints serving fresh quality food!
About to present with on developmental ed reform at
…and if He doesn't turn their hearts, May He turn their ankles so we'll know them by their limping!”
“A sure way to miss success is to miss the opportunity”. Victor Charles
Prom is
Tad overconfident? Hopefully the #Steelers aren't thinking that.
O dat girl
Now comes the mystery. - Henry Ward Beecher, last words
the yellow-grey-white wonderful combo for spring.
is really in need of a NAP!!!
Does that mean you're bringing me to Europe with you next time? Because I'm down for that.
testing 1 2 3 - so TweetDeck posts to Twitter and Facebook? Cool
I hope I pass the welding test 2day so I can get pay.
“: just confirmed me and are in the building tommorrow for #murderbot”
it's terrible
Not nearly as good as the Playoff 12s but I'll take $60-$70 for 2 hours of work on a Saturday morning anytime.
Thanks for following me Lewis. Mc...KITTY <3! :D
Ugh i hate cleaning my bathroom!
like I said. Throw hard. Haha! Just do your thing Philly!
Got my # n dont use it...no more atleast
Not tired. This is not good
Nice work on the video!
Before when I was in NY: Me: "Matt I think I should babysit Ethan soon" Matt: "Message me on Facebook" WTH. -___-
Syracuse is a good example of how to honor long-standing traditions (in scholarship) and recognize new modes of knowledge creation.
totally following you
I actually have a hypothesis that the inefficiency and awfulness of craigslist leads to higher repeat usage and engagement
Cant believe I'm saying this, but I like Boston if, IF, they can stay healthy.
could be worse, could be sweatin that bad for job that pays nothing and cares less about you than the heat does
Not looking forward to halftime when I have to switch over and start watching football
I CANT BELIEVE NIGGAZ BE PILLOW TALKING TO STR8 HOES. WEAK ASS MOFOS!
Thanks for the retweet!
the best things we ever have we take it in vain
With the tan I somehow got, people are going to think I went to Cancun instead of New York.
haha it's actually not, but now that you mention it I think you did say something like that didn't ya? ;)
haha i just imported from my garmin
7 hours of training complete!
Cologix Adds 23,000 SQF in Downtown Toronto, Network Neutral Data Center at 905 King Street West created; Further ...
Only two days left to get your $23 tickets to Elitch Gardens. Enter "PINKINTHEPARK" in the promo box at elitchgardens.com
Other beers headed to Lake Louie 4-packs: Louie's Reserve imperial scotch, new, bigger version of Prairie Moon wit.
We must use time as a tool, not as a crutch
I need a lighter
#wordoftheday Abligurition (n) excessive spending on food or drink. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
All we really have is NOW so make it count!!!
Dana Zuber, VP & Strategic Planning Mgr @ Wells Fargo takes stage @ #BAsummit2011 to discuss "data visualization"
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH AND I BELIEVE YOU WILL FOLLOW ME <3 NEVER SAY NEVER
So I guess, I'll do a cover tomorrow and you guys better not laugh at my ugly horrible voice. :c <U+2665>
what doo we have today!!
house sitting in hunting valley for 2 weeks- amazing- haven't picked out a gift yet- have checked out a few dealerships though
My cute coworker wants "comforting".. when should I tell her my idea of comfort is my penis in her ass.
good luck on DWTS!! :)
I'm gonna try bro! I kno I've been slacking...can't wait to tailgate in the parking garages! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Happy Friday to all my sewing friends out there.
great day. picked up the good eats book and found muchacho vivo on myspace. nice going so far, 2010.
you didn't happen to see a box behind the bushes? We had a bunch of Obama stuff delivered and someone stole most of it
Rebecca, I really enjoyed watching your TED talk on taking back the Internet. Do you see any progress happening in that direction?
Essential Workflow Changes: Looking for Success, Not Perfection - via Michael Allen
Freedom. Liberty. Drink. Drank. Drunk.
"I live by the standards (that) got me to the rank of Eagle Scout and I continue to have that kind of integrity,”
Dear prospect: don't pad your RFQ with 4 rounds design, 3 trips, and extra phases in 2 mos... unless you really want to pay for them.
Facebook lets you know what everyone's bathroom looks like...
in the ATL
we going in today!
thanks for following me back :-)
I moved to this city a Hurricane Katrina evacuees with nothing. Look where my family and I are today.
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
Hm I have you down for July 20 in Maryland
Not feelin this anymore
Thanks for the RTs, mentions:
Good luck, Julie!
Good thing I got to work early this morning to get ahead of the day.
hahaa you're good!
agreed. I don't think that one is quite as common, but maybe I'm just missing the well of treasury.
Soulja slim be kicking my ass
How are my FAVORITE girls in the universe?! Lol! How was your mothers day hm?? I hope you guys had alot of fun! :DD
please follow me!!!! Plezzzzz
Yeah baby, "and holding" never felt so good. ;o)
Wondering what to do with all those ink pens you have laying around? We'll take 'em! Our guests go through pens like they go through sugar!
Great job
White House refuses to comment on #TroyDavis. Cowards. I wont vote for the Republicans, but you just lost a supporter. 4 Words.
Have you had your wisdom teeth out? No idea what they call them in Portuguese.
so, what was in the crock pot? Was dinner good?
Okay since we're up 7-1 #Yankees ... I'm gonna switch back to the NBA Playoffs.
I've returned to twitter
my summer class schedule is really about to mess things up...
Driving + Texting = crash. SethMacFarlane + crash = more PR for your movie.
My legs are killllin me.
I love you more!
Just finished college!!
My headphones and Privacy screen protector came today. Yay <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
I could make a record label a lot of money
I smoke good err day :)
Tweet Watching!
Don’t hold to anger, hurt or pain. They steal your energy and keep you from love...make the best of today!
Thanks for the article! So we're not crazy after all! ;)
Brilliant! RT : It's been a crazy day and I'm still in my tennis clothes....getting biz done! :) happy girl #LuvMyLife &
: Who is ur favorite band?!
fast! I nbox my number luv
#1dfact harry ate something containing bread today
I just checked out a map to see how far Shepherdstown is from where my family in #WV is - never been to that panhandle part!
Im not perfect. But i keep trying. Cause thats what i said i would do from the start. Im not alive if im lonely. - Hedley;*
4 yrs ago some lefties wanted him to be POTUS. HAH! MT : VIDEO. John Edwards has a lower favorability rating than Charles Manson.
Seriously makes my skin crawl... Does this guy have a job? Makes Bachelor Pad hard to watch. He is so rude!
he thinks he's famous it bothers me ..
At the HCI Strategic Workforce Planning Forum-adoption is accelerating. Global best practice companies are here, engaged, and seeing results
I love you :)
Three game 7's in two nights.
I didn't jinx Sammy!
No I couldn't go. “: Will you be in Chandler's corner tomorrow night?”
“: no #bitchassness in my presence ”
can you please change? I wouldn't like it very much if you died! Missed you in Chicago last week...
I am an Engineer, I serve mankind, by making dreams come true.
lol we will see. You gon have to me to jail
please take care and see you soon :)
Somebody hacked my twitter and i dnt knw my password but i can still tweet off my phone smh
Great Art! Thanks for sharing them! :-)
:* here I am! Have fun rolling in the snow!
Got my expander off. (: No more lisp and no more slurping. I absolutely love it, but it feels weird.
I miss you :(
Ugh...My sister is asking me to help plan her 21st birthday in Vegas.
Dang girl sorry. Not the norm for sure. Get on in there for a drink on the house. Just show this to your server. Cheers.
Thanks so much for the mention!
Spring allergies are killing my concentration! Is anybody else plagued with this??
Nothing lasts forever.
Time flies by so fast when we are together.. I just want you to stay . <U+E32D>
thanks! -jake
thanks! Following back :)
We've got the ESSENCE piece. Headline for Silver Sparrow review: BIG BLACK LOVE. (We love that!)
New song coming real soon
hows the foot??
TONIGHT! Readings with Mike DeCapite, Karen Lillis, & Dirty Poet at Bar on A, 7:30pm, FREE
waiting on my mom so we can go
S/O to everybody down with FMG. current sales are $50 Mixtape Cover, $40 Club Flyer, $60 Poster, $100 1 Page website.
marry an American? BC n Seattle are virtually the same...ur not missing much :)
Today is also Facebook Friday! You can find us on Facebook at "Mashup.com" give it a "Like!"
Hey Id like to send u DM question about ur photos but I can't cause u dnt fllw me. Can't find email on blog either. Pls msg me.
YOU SUCK.
Jacobs: Im an really disappointed Wily Mountain is gone.
Whether war or disaster, in the middle of great chaos and crisis, there are always great heroes.
Heathrow: Light to Heavy rain by 9:30...the gusts seem to be further away...maybe 10am?
You should be motivated by someone else's success, never jealous. Regardless if you like them or not.
hey ricky ficarelli (: we dont talk much but u did text me yesterday:) aha so thanks:) & i love u<3
The Music in The Wiz is unbelievable!!! Indescribable!! One of the best masterpieces we've been able to witness!!
is heading to PB tonight for College Night @ PB Ale House!
Espn's mug shot of frank mccourt looks like he had a food allergy
Hi Sharon, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
can I please get a little bit of knowledge
Yes. Get free flavors as well.
I'm eating with a knife and fork. The dish ran away with the spoon.
School sucks today , ready to go home.
Any idea why?
Wouldn't be facing the reefa if education was cheaper.
Awesome week ahead lots and lots of work.
Do football people like Chris Berman? Cuz I hope his throat catches on fire one day and he never talks again, ever.
87-57 in the 2nd, this is a rough one for the Red Wolves, Why do I have a feeling Wiley Brown will keep the dogs on...classy 930whon.com
Death threats? Really?
My #webdev eyes have been opened - #firebug allows editing #CSS without reloading the page...
AND SHE LIKES NICKELBACK
Who is that good looking guy in your profile pic? lol
Lucipher and Dri will get into it if there is a season 3 I'm telling you
Oh and say hi to the other girls! :) xoxo
Fox is a true professional, he's just excited to do a good job. I respect his enthusiasm.
There are three things life brings us: tears, smiles and memories. Tears gets wipe away. A smile fades away. But memories last a lifetime.
Check out our new Washington shirts great to wear to the game
... You bet your bellbottoms. Just gotta make it through work tn and I'm home tomorrow!
IF U LOVE ME TELL ME U LOVE ME DNT STARE AT ME MAN
you still out?
Tweeting from the air
Im going to see 1D. U mad? Zayn, im coming babe. ;D. (ThisWeekMaybe)
Drawing the best gift ever for Tuesday :) He's gonna love it :D
Thanks for coming to the Northern NM Wedding Expo - and congratulations to all you brides again!
I read this tweet right as beyonce came on the radio!
You are so beautiful.
Wow! The apalooza horse club decked out in their Native American costumes.
good idea...
I was in CLE cpl wks back n prior 2 that tlkd her on the phone. She now is 1 of my contacts for work. I thought about u.
Innovation, challenging, ambitious, positivism, enthusiasm, and patient are keys at this moment.
High socks ..... Low cuts ..... Wiz khalifa voice
have fun at the zoo!
Thx for the invite!
hey, how are you?!!
Hello there! No traffic sitting this morning...gonna be a great day!
Listening to Cobi Jones defend Keane taking that PK reminds me of Sarah Palin defending John McCain for some reason
Just ran 5 miles
It's always darkest before the dawn. So if you're going to steal your neighbor's newspaper, that's the time to do it. ~ Anonymous
I believe some people in this business suffer from fame because they behave in a famous fashion. Stephen Rea
haha, only you.
Seems like whenever there's an astrological event, it's cloudy. Like the skies are modest.
Watching the Knicks-Mavs game. Someone should do a story on the Knicks' new point guard - there might be some interest in him
hopefully by the end of the day it'll turn into a water slide.
I don't want to be a part of your childish games. I'm sorry. I'm more mature than that!
he's quitting to start marketing his new line of hair products.
& hopefully iget some callbacks and interviews next week..! Hopefully :) Lord knows im praying for it..!
Do you make any of these big Twitter mistakes? unprofesh, no profile pic, uneven follower-follow ratio, too self-serving, too many updates.
Is Lady Gaga wearing the rings of Saturn? Or braces? Or Saturn's braces?
lol omg right!? It always changes though. What sounds good in your head doesn't always look good on the page
contemplating on some things
Not specifically but def. some pp blues. Friends did. So much adjustment! Esp 1st.
it is a really great butcher shop
Thank you for all the advice! I'm a nurse so I need my back to get better quick.
may be able to find it in the discount rack too. If not let me know and I'll burn a CD and do the snail mail thing.
sadly, the narrative of decline has been with sociology arguably since its inception, so it's unlikely to shift anytime soon.
I can pick them up at the whole foods on orchard lake road in west bloomfield. Would that be cool?
For #NASCAR, larger issue if #D500 is pushed to Tuesday. Not many "super bowls" of a sport are pushed. Fans are biggest loser
Looking forward to share Dell's Listening Command Center at #DellWorld!
Happy New Year!
I'm honored (I think) that Twitter lists and as "Similar to You" ;)
Twitter Back to School Special: 40% off standard pricing through the month of September. Mention Twitter when asking for a quote.
at least i'll get this over with well b4 july. lol i hope.
I'm not hatin. I'm joking around with you. Derp.
Begin at the beginning and go on till you come to the end; then stop. ~ Lewis Carrol, Alice in Wonderland
I actually might too lol. Not positive yet
or take a piss and go get a breakfast burrito
Hello public history practitioners and fans! here. This feed is about to get more active.
#GetWithIt & Vote Obama
Its funny bt only 3 girls frm all the girls IV been with&talked 2 that I'd considered going back 2 cuz of there personality&no comment ha>_<
Doing a show with my good friends The Crawdaddy's at the Pretty Prairie Rodeo saturday the 28th! Should be a good Time!!!
editing photos
spiritual #sales tip: If you don't know the answer, don't guess! Honesty first in all things.
I was enchanted to meet you..
Trust me, I think I've got heartbreak down.
Womb things. Ha.
Detroit Tigers scored 18 runs last night. Perhaps the SF Giants should trade for some of those bats?
I would not recommend the veggie burger; hubby had the meat your maker - to die for apparently.
IM SEXY ANI KNOW IT
Damn lucky to have bros like mine who will always have my back
Valid point. But the Capitals are still > The Rangers. ;) New York City > Washington D.C.
dinner is served here too : )
What, what, what are you doing?
Beef Rib “Sauerbraten” with Spätzle or Savory Potato Pancakes w Ham, St. Bernard Cheese, Spinach and Creamy Almond Sauce starting at 7 a.m.!
I know there are blogs full of Google scanning errors (hands, folded pages, etc.), but my search fu is failing me. Can anyone help?
now auditioning for bass, lead, keys and female backups. PM me for more info
Most of your tweets irritate me.
Fly an always hit high, in you it will come true!
Really great acting class last night w/the WWAC! Some great scene work & it was only cold read night! Thanks Will for letting me sit in!
In 1909, Buckenham recognized as most noted landscape gardener in the world.
thanks! watching this madness at all?!
Poetic Voice « Breach of Close
Haven't written a NEW word since February. And don't want to.
Can someone please remind Sunderland that they don't really need a result? Maybe remind us to wake up too.
aight coo... im in dire need of a vacation lol
hahah! You are so right!!
It's always fun meeting people named after days of the week.
you raw....lol
hi you got nice pictures...i hope you dont mind that i retweeted some of 'em...bye babe...an old friend from cam4...x ac = b
Picture day with the family and new baby. Doing it myself because A) made the decision going to JCPenny is too risky and B) Im too cheap
Admittedly, I did research this weekend by watching fermentation vats magically produce beer. #sadlynocorndryers:(
smacked of HeeHaw, didn't it? "you met another and, bbblllllppp, you were gone."
OMG is B little liar!?!?
Never thought I'd be driving listening to AM790
RT BELIEBERS=FAMILY&i<3 my family.god created&brought us together for a reason thanks god&bless all my BELIEBERS
in pocket. AHH its so dark in here:/.
#EverydayIThinkAbout how we used to be & ask myself the same question.. "what happened?"
Ok, thats a bummer, but thanks for the quick respose
Get your latest fashion accessories for promos..photo and video shoots!!!
I swear , any girl that gets to date him will be one lucky betchhh..
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me. - Kurt Cobain
Just ran 10 miles then finished a whole large pizza and a 10 pack of peeps. Counterproductive? Probably. :/
send a message to
Kiss me all over...
One has to hope that Vick is still feeling those ribs. No touch on the ball
Well, now I have a reason to travel to Texas next summer. You better by an icepack before next season....
Thanx! RT : Now followed by , interesting company [and] man. Student / Teacher of film, faith, & freedom. Ck hm out!
*starts fanning you* Bless her Lawd! Thank ya! O Jesus! Lift his name on high!
Indigo Tree Publishing has joined the Midwest Independent Publishing Association (MIPA). It is a good group of dedicated book folks.
Just watched my last movie of #2011 -Midnight in Paris by Woody Allen.. What a fantastic concept, done with wise & subtle excellence..
Double complete rainbow at random row with coogan's new project tonight! Nine o'clock. Donations!
I'm rooting for the West winner--I'd rather see Phoenix, but it'd be hilarious if Carter & Richards won in LA.
Why am I not wearing a dress today? I hate shaving my legs. That's why.
You and the general be sure to watch out for traffic.
RT : Liberal government is often about taking corruption & institutionalizing it! It's similar to slave labor.
i got those ones, there to fresh. how you been?
Derek Jeter has a secret habit. Can you guess what it is? Matt Vasgersian after 8am.
“: love you :)” HAHA girls got jokes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Billy Goat Trail? Yessuh.
I don't think think so lol
Only think I don't like about being single is feeling lonley.
Lolz its Kool. Jesse's messing wit me
Hi Wendy! Thanks for the follow - how's WA treating you?
I'll take that as a compliment.
Thanks for the follow! :)
R.I.P Steve jobs
Cam is gonna go nuts tomorrow... guaranteed!
Harker Dirge takes on Torrac Hayes.
ok tht too
Russian Standard has struck a deal to take a stake of around 28% in Poland's CEDC. CEDC produces Absolwent and Parliament Vodka.
My girlfriend watches Jersey Shore, so when she catches me jacking off I always tell her I'm just fist pumping my dick.
3floyds needs to do what The Burery does with their Reserve Club that is the way every brewery should work
Austin is going to move. I'm so happy for him! <U+2665>
so much for Orange & sharing service, 2 phones next to each other. #Orange totally useless, #TMobile full strength.
i hate how im feeling right now
¤ Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must first set yourself on fire. Fred Shero
exciting! When can we expect it?
lol daisy ur new nick name is blueberry :)
The kids just watched that tonight!
We out chea at #CafeFME wit
Another BIG one coming from May 12th #JERIMIH LIVE at
if he isn't feeding you fucking you or financing you then his opinion shouldn't matter !
go Christina I want u too win
Have you ever started randomly grinning about something earlier that happened, only to realize you are looking at a stranger while grinning?
Good Morning! Remember you are more than what some people may see!
Thanks to the gent in Australia that just ordered one of everything in our catalog. That is quite a compliment.
What a great life! I've traveled too and write about the Sherpas and Everest in Nepal. Love the cover of your book about Wendy!
Cellar Dark as well as Full House and Prairie Rye, now all on tap at Vintage Brewing Co.
Somehow my oldest son (10) heard the song "The Devil Went Down to Georgia" and he's walking around singing it.
Rights & Copyright around open data was a big discussion at
TVD SEx finale. Yeeaaah we are powerful!
We can't wait to see Ahren Hertel, Elizabeth D. Spurgeon, Jacque Dawson Tim O’Brien, Christina Barr & Joel Sherman at the Slide Slam!
Starting our joint Tweetup w/ #SFIMAtweetup - So half of the U.S. population has a smart phone. Now what?
:) Happy 1st Birthday
Brush up on your pinochle game for KIBITZER. One weekend only Dec 2nd-5th at TACT!...
me too! heartaches are the worst.
You are actually required to love you and me.
RON PAUL! YOLO!
Good Morning! Are you taking any risks today or will it just be another shuffle through your life?
I've noticed I'm saved under "Fernandaaaaaaaa" in peoples phones
Check out our blog @ tweetdonteat.com about the #Nike Training Club from it's AMAZING!!!
i wish i owned my own bakery right now . because i would go in <3
Yeah baby !
is already in love with the new bon iver album!!
No Lantern, but Martian Manhunter. And Alfred.
kinda night.
Lindzi? who'da thunk it. But seriously, Courtney? Ben is doomed
Special shoutout to for Re-Tweeting our funding post. You are AWESOME!!!!
- she does have her moments.. ;-)
Happy Birthday Michael Jackson. Forever the King of Pop.
Me and Mimi love Tacos!
That's news? New to Minnesota?
RT I hate when ppl ask why do you have so many tattoos?< i reply with "why u put wet socks in yo shoes?"
For some reason i think Dinner for Schmucks is one of the funniest movies
Been an Archer fan for a while. Watched an special last night. I think she's funnier doing stand up
Let it be known I have never broken a shovel
Congratulations indeed!
All Time Low, He Is We, and more this Thursday 10/27 @ Headliners in Toledo.
Yep, just replied.
Good luck... juggling takes a lot of balls... (hardy har har)
thanks Abe, u r the best!
That's $470/passport though
No one goes there nowadays, it's too crowded.
Smoked out, flying solo! Me myself an Mary ol green Ass lol
so did I (: was a nice nap(:
Indiana Landmarks' FREE Monument Circle Walking Tours start at 11am at Borders, 11 S. Meridian.
hahahaha! don't drag me in NATHAN.
hahahaha she crazy
I'm a girl with class not a piece of ass
I got you!
Happy thanksgiving from the levee!!!
when you have a second, follow me and I will DM you contact info.
Tanning and then maybe summerfest with the bestie!!!
not only a word, an adverb.
yeah. Marshall is good. But i was talking about how they are good one game then awful next.
no sweetheart. u go fuck yourself!
why do i have this thing again >.<
scorsese's george harrison doc is at the roxie at the end of the month but is 208 mins long--is that crazy? will you sit through it with us?
Join the SD Public Library 2:30 820 E Street all April for Friday Talking Pictures feat. Gus Van Sant. 4/20 selection: "Elephant"
yea he really didn't have it like he had in Seattle. lost a step, got fat, arm wasn't as strong...
Ugh I don't like school in the morning -_-
Does Chris Collingsworth know he's on camera? There's such a thing as too relaxed.
haha thank u! Reppin all day baby
Yeah Remeber we kept getting shifted evrywhere im juss push them girls back and remember that older girl pushed me back??
thank you for the follow! friendly suggestion, add your website to your bio so people can link to your site and come visit!
follow my last link for 50% off fandango movie tickets!!
Gonna shower then hit the sack
Good #Monday Morning #Philadelphia, hope everyone had a lovely #MothersDay and a great weekend too!
Growing industries in science and technology have 2x as many openings as we have workers TribalColleges=CommunityCareerCenters
Top Latin Songwriters Honored
I do miss my ex but shit happens! Much love to u! Got to get this Money up so i could go forward in my life! Thanking god 4 begin by myside
love it!! Turn it up!!!
I made the highschool cheer team! Can I get a woot woot ?(: (:
DM me your email address.
so can U speak Arabic ?!
Thank you cardiac failure nurse at Canberra Hospital for helping me organise a blood test and advice from a heart specialist today :).
I am truly blessed
I think many exist. See OER movement RT : A6: What about shared repositories of eLearning materials via cloud to K-20?
you don't really *get* public transit, do you?
just saw a mass of intl students walk into WF. Couldn't help but think of you.
Who won the election????
When boys bring their goofy side out of you. <U+2665>
Home and finally unpacked.
Sarcasm tweet RT : Bucks blow a 4th quarter lead. I have never seen this before...
Gonna go test out my knee and see if its okay.
got a visit from the swag fairy today! Watch party give aways for Saturday
Are you going to come see us at #SXSW?
makes sense :)
Ya it's the most annoying thing ever!
who else out there runs on #Linux? i have questions for you...
Thanks for the mention of our concert on October 16th!
wanna know what the album sounds like?? then check out the album teaser at www.brothersfighting.com
Whoa, really??
Rough start for the guys. We need BJ to get some quality games. MAF can't play ever game.
You Obviously Love Oreo's!
Heading out to AAM in Houston. See us at the Marketplace of Ideas on Monday, 3:30 to 5:30.
ahhj just the right ToD Oh how I wish I was there now ;) wish you were here now/ pink floyd
#BestSportsRivalry vs the bench
May Allah bless you & Your dear ones for happy & prosperous life on Eid Ul Azha & always.
Hey, man. Sorry, I got swamped today. I'll give you a ring tomorrow.
good job pacers make me proud every win playoffs soon go pacers!!!!
anything is fine, but if you're using a phone, make sure to hold it horizontally!
True friends are never apart. Maybe in distance but never in heart.
Jack3d is awesome for a pre-workout!
Take away love, and our earth is a tomb.
The Rage are still and always looking for sponsors. If interested please send an email to
Don't even think about it Improv Everywhere.
You will have a talk with the attorney of quot Nakhtigalquot Eisenstein Associates into g Of portlend state of Oregon :-)
It just hit me that I'll be living in a different town in a week. whoa...
Well.. fuck you. That is all
a wise man once told me that...
Seriously think i heard gun shots. Ughh the joys of living on the east side
My BodyBugg should be delivered and waiting for me when I get home today! :)
i have work in 10 minutes and im still in just my boxers
1 for my God, 1 for my family, and 1 for my love... crossing fingers for the best
Can't be doing that late in the game!
#liespeopletell I Love you
lol you know and I will take all the company we can get! We'll pack the course!
Join us on Twitter @ PDXPopALock
I dunno why but I am really excited to get my hair cut
that would be perfect. next week is all set.
That awkward moment when something touches your foot in the sea and you FREAK OUT just to realize it was a plant O_O hahaha
Radelet: "Period of 20 years of #Dictatorships and failing #economies still defines most people's idea of #africa."
Do u wnt a reso? Sometimes Fridays r rlly busy. RT : ....Looking forward to a great partner lunch today.
"You like Huey Lewis and the News?" -
That's for sure! Man, I wish she would say that to someone on network TV.
thats great! we will be in contact shortly ... is there an area that you specialize in?
"ever get the feeling you been cheated?"
Thank to my Followers so much . Love you guys . Any more F O L L O W E R S ? ? ^.^
Tweet BostonOnTheRun what you are doing today!!
Considering the roll-out of th…
I said all along Mgmt did not invest in this season. They put a team on the floor to sell tickets not win a Championship!
Loving this late season matchup live and in person. Race for the 8!
Party at katies house! #notreally well I'm going to be there so
Bradley's on the microphone with Ras M.G.
Still sore from Yoga yesterday! Yikes! Guess I do have muscles, I know this because they are SCREAMING!
he asks how are you? lol
First time I've remember what room my class is in all semester
FIERCE artists right here!
Exactly .. the game I've spent my adulthood loving and playing is falling by the wayside, it seems. Ugh.
Just got my tickets to Teen Hoot to see ! *fangirling*
thanks for the #ff love! :)
If u follow me I will follow u back
Actors in the digital age
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to !!!! Love you!!
wow guys! That is amazing. Keep up the great work!
Too lazy to work out? Me too. :(
I wonder if the first person to ever pop corn thought they were under attack.
good to know that limitation, i haven't run into those limits yet
oh yes! and he pays us in orgasms and cum drinks
Indonesia has a lot of religions
How about RT if you're NOT!! RT if you're HETEROSEXUAL and for STRAIGHT MARRIAGES!!!
RT : Congrats to Roll Mobile's own for being named one of the Business Journal's Forty Under 40! ^bd
The NBA: Where Jason Kidd vs. Derek Fisher happens.
Love Freely.. No coupon needed
London rioters are a bunch of opportunists. They don't really care for what sparked the riots! I hope they rot in jail
our Internet has been out since Friday morning.
what's up there girl....
": #MentionTo your friend who always comes late to school." pretty sure that friend is me....
I do! ¦ ": Who gives a shit about the #1940Census"
All I really want is that curry we had at The "racetrack". And some tiger beer. I guess I need to start saving money.
Like our facebook page and receive a complementary treatment on your birthday...
Winning isn't its the only thing it's everything
Who's providing your Friday night Soundtrack?
Creating my first certificate of authenticity for the first 2 somaphony canvases sold. The beginning of it all. It's all a beautiful struggl
Trying to license animoto vid. Where do i save it before cc? Is Facebook okay, or is it Creat.Com? Or somewhere else?
Where are you, I went to your room but you wern't there. Where did you go? I'm at the cabana
Be at the gypsy fest in clifton on saturday, i perform at 3PM. Come see me perform live. Hopefully all my "REAL" supporters will be there.
I feel like I live at work....
Mayweather vs Cotto: Fight Time, TV Schedule, Odds and ...
The new record is mastered. It's about time to get this thing all wrapped up for ya.
Did you know Joseph Jenkins Roberts, 1st Pres. of Liberia was from Petersburg? We have papers relating to his life and the memorial downtown
In the USA, why do youth soccer clubs treat pro teams like the enemy ?!
ok I did hey what's up
Missed my "other" son. Good thing they're both homeschooled & using same program.
Best game ever, just saying
I'm a cute egg though!
So excited to announce to you all that we will be working on our new EP with from
Let's say you win and #GetMoneyOut of politics. What's the next big step after that one?
This moment could be your last moment so make your moments momentous
please join our discussions this week on the WilsonHCG Group on networking online/in your community! We have some great advice on how to in…
Hubie Brown and Chuck Daly were assistants together at Duke under Vic Bubas in the late 1960s. That's a pretty good staff.
Rated I'm fucked up.
Tell David Jobe I said hello!
I respect to get respect!!
am i the only one who has trouble saying euglena?
SO PUMPED! At one of our groups 2nite while playin football at a park, 2 new guys were introduced and plugged n 2 group! YEH BOI!!
thanks! we're pretty amazed at the response thus far.
Studying like it's the only thing I want to do on the evening of a holiday weekend.
At OCals on the deck with a vodka soda. Who's with me?
define the 'art of cataloguing' in 5 words. Cause I'm working on my first project.
Nice to see the Senate has passed the FY'12 Approps bills including an increase for the NIH that includes the new NCATS.
Helio Abdal is an accomplished photographer, web designer and graphic artist in addition to lighting The Housesitter
Medical bills are the #1 reason for bankruptcy. If you dont let the bills go into collections, it wont show on your credit report. Read...
#20factsaboutme I'm so lazy...
Go Follow
Another new member!! Thank you Jesus for growth in ministry.
um don't talk to me.
my boyfriend did the most romantic thing for v-day, tix for the Poughkeepsie bayside show! Can't wait to see you guys<3
You are so white
This could turn out like LAL-DAL did last year if OKC keeps this up.
Getting my number changed tomorrow
#seasonsixandamovie YES, Please
Q4 via : Have you ever taken a risky form of transport to reach somewhere you wouldn't otherwise have been able to?
Are you trying to give us all heart attacks through twitter? That food is insane, and looks so delicious.
yes! It's awesome!
I KNOW, LEAVE ME ALONE!!!!! GOD!
"squeezing mind grapes"?
and I would love to have a drink with you to talk food and wine at Premise sometime :)
I never let you go.
#Geithner: Productivity growth and broad based income growth are not at odds.
Wore that out freshmen year in Chatt, utc days Go Mocs!
Shoot an email to ceogaming at gmail with the request, easier that way for me to keep track.
lmfao I tweet something like this last night
The shortest word for me is I, the sweetest word for me is Love & The only one for me is You. I love you, Austin.<U+2665> -Melanie(:
Tomorrow is promised to anyone so make today memorable
Modifiable!! Year to year!! No waiting for textbook adoption cycles.. Or adding current worldwide events!! The start of the paradigm shift!!
Police dogs are badass :)
The bus is so crowded... :P ugh!
Saturday, 3/24 Amina Figarova trio in Trumpets- Winard Harper on drums and Dean Johnson on bass. Shows at 8 pm and 10 pm.
i lost the count of how many times i twitted u asking u to follow me, but i won't give up cuz u tought us so:) I LOVE YOU :)
RT : Happy first day of preseason. Welcome back to all of the guys and good luck to this season.
At Skinny Body Care, we believe that good things come from a healthy environment. This includes harvesting the raw materials for our...
Did u see Ma Trey AVI?
Goal under review at the RG! get denied! Still 1-1!
#Caps Wideman "I'd love to be back"
RT : Bsk RT : Jam at Edgar's in Indian village!!
you should have stopped in Pittsburgh
Tell your friends to check us out at Facebook.com/goodbyeblueskies
My napping habits have now rubbed off on it's his new favorite thing to do
Happy Bday to My Beautiful Mother...Boutta drop my "Mammas Boy" Song!..#Just4Mammas! L's Up!
psh who needs sleep when you can tweet the most talented guy on earth :) SUP AUSTIN
Doesn't enjoy the brunch format.
Need to bbuy my boyfriend a really good gift but what?! Hm.
We got air dates for (filmed last October for those who attended)! June 13th on & July 24th on
alright if one of them had pulled their hair in that hug shit wouldve got real
I'm lonely. Lol
Tonight, the Sons of Anarchy are going to take out two of their greatest foes in Mike Quackenbush and Colt Cabana.
baby i shouldve kissed you while i had the chance. </3
Hi all you happy twitters! :D
neat??? Really? Lol.
You better not be one of those "crafty" tweetards that follows a bunch of people & unfollows them to up your follow numbers
FAC Today!! Come enjoy the weather with free beer and pizza!!
Just one at bat, keep it up RT : My first varsity at bat was almost a triple play. #wow. Anyway great win tonight!
We had such an amazing winemaker dinner last night!! Special thanks to and of course Jim Bernau! Picture to come later today!
Ready to get this over with
miss you too labs!<U+263A>
Dope performance 2nite, Luke James killed, Joi killed, Dawn killed, Bilal retarded!
good deal, the baby woke up just in time to go and pick up his big brother. Have a great day everyone!
The lack of it these past few days, has made me realize that sleep is the most beautiful experience in life - except drinking.
There's nothing like finding out an old friend has died before sleep. You were one of a kind, Dick Dick. May you find peace, my brother.
Finally starting to not feel hungover anymore!
RT : Poverty or wealth is not whats in your pocket, it is whats in your head.........
it's questionable
How I loved the "I Love Lucy" episodes when they were in Hollywood!
Squad 6 has to be pissed ha
I love Townes!! Maybe Europeans are smarter, but how do we explain David Hasselhoff's music.popularity there. lol.
I was just listening to that song by Selena Gomez. Funny
Who Knows Better Than You !. <3
The person susceptible to "wanderlust" is not so much addicted to movement as committed to transformation. - Pico Iyer
hooray! hope to meet you in person while you're on the left coast
Everything Everywhere Uses Contentious Spectrum In Cumbria 4G Trial - TechWeekEurope UK
#YourBiggestProblem You can never satisfy me.
follow us
RT : Once again provided much needed excellent analysis. Thank you. >>>She needs her own show
The moment when you feed your dog toothpaste because it has dog food breath! #Lmao (:
caballero half cabs w/ the dragon skin finish...
Semantics. I'm not a fan of games from the shooting genre for the most part. =/
making steak stuffed with chorizo and a spicy rub!
Picking up gear from and it's turned into a Weird Al rockout fest.
Josh Hamilton now has 8 home runs in his last 17 at bats!
Well enjoy whatever you got goin' after work:)
Good morning friends. Getting ready for a nice day at a local spa. I need it :(
Do you wonder where April Fools' Day came from? Here are some theories from around the world.....
Take it from me as long as u do not overdo it adam will be fine and no negativity or rumors
waiting on the next project
YES BOTH. AND TUNA. Tunacake.
Glasses all week. Allergies are NO fun.
Subdivisions using septic systems release 10x more nitrogen per household than those on sewer lines.
true. Axe body spray can be noxious.
You didn't miss the call. Plan on getting an email this week! Get Ready!!!
Time to hit the #gym. It's a little later than when I usually go, but hey, I'm here.
RT : welcome to the bears give him a warm welcome fans
why does it take 4 days to get a technician to fix my issues? At&t could switch my service over faster than you getting here.
Happy Friday and thank you to all our new followers ... and !
Do you follow on twitter? You should
Quitting time. Now steeling myself for a long, wet bumper to bumper drive through rainy, #sxsw traffic. Ugh.
The incumbents are garrisoned on google
Just started to follow you
we are still laughing, and she said it to me because I was throwing a tantrum for a popsicle. She wasn't being bad.
Room is packed for offshore wind hearing in Senate.
Havent ate Doritos in a while :o I want somee right about now
"It is better to conquer yourself, than to win a thousand battles" Buddha
I miss you bar mal!
RT : Adorable duet between & tonight on #TheSingOff. Love them both.
I was pretty happy with the decision. Surprised...but happy.
Time to plan a super bowl party woohooo....go Giants baby. .
CNN&#39;s Ratings Are a DIsaster (Except When There&#39;s a Disaster)
It's shaping up to be a gorgeous day in #NOLA! Spring is just around the corner! Sweeten things up with some delicious Magnolia Bay Toffee!
thank you :-) hope you have a great weekend! rest, no work :-)
#PhDStudentPanel. librarian relationship is second only in importance to advisor relationship for grad students.
whats good luda doin a mixtape do u want in ? I rap better then 90% of rappers no BS
What are your best book suggestions for a LONG plane ride (22 hours to South Africa)?
I don't like being cold but I hate being hot
" well your just lucky cause my parents are soo mad :/ it's not even funny" as you're still on twitter XD
Hope they tell you some good news. I'll be going to the doctor as well. But for what I believe is a sprang ankle.
Tauri (my FordTaurus) always decides to temporarily bite the dust in very convenient places. For that, I can't complete dislike her.
Yeah, it started off slow - the rib pain. Just keeps getting worse. Pretty sure she's pushing them apart with her feet. Ow. :(
sure but Google is not letting me get to the shortened URL - can you send me the whole URL
“: HOW ABOUT THAT BULLPEN??” What a relief! Hahahaha
you break me build me up again and repreat :(
Kenneth Nixon <3
I want a milkshake like a fiend right now.
lmao me too...I don't think so but I think crystals spending the night at her house tonight :/
I hate it when people think I'm freaking out when I put this face :/
yeah dude Kenny Horton is a beast
Hahah. It's such a beautiful picture.
hellz yeah it is.
I didn't know you cared. Did u have fun?
It's been a busy day for me. Happiness= #Dodgers sweeping the #Rockies :)
WE ARE BORN WINNERS
damn I thought I wrote back but ....no comment lol
I have been reflecting. It is so sad that the US has no space program anymore. First time in 50+ years...
Ukeycheyma is doing great and how are you mate
Thank You to everyone that came to the show last night! You Guys are Always Appreciated!
Have you helped someone today? Why not?
Prove it :p
The entire circumstances of the case/situation should be considered. It is about the context of the "like" I suppose.
stick to white brotha
Free Towing with repair RT pls
shut up lol. I only tweet when I'm extra bored it excited abouts something :-)
#traderjoes near George Washington is a mad house. The line wraps around the entire store and down one of the aisles. DC needs more TJs!
Why u mad bro ?
Faith, Family, Farm RT : Glowing.Yearning. Nutty. Your #HolidaysIn3Words - Go!
" Marriage... should be a financial contract between consenting adults." It's more than money, it's a mutual corporation.
listening to Adele. Everyone GO NOW and buy any and/or all of her records. You can thank me later. m...m...m...
Heading to tonight for 's "1958" party: all MJ/Madonna/Prince. Can't wait for epic dance party round 2!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when walks into your class thinking its 2nd period...
The Redskins got him as a undrafted FA. Well luckily I get to see him and RG3 play here on local tv. :-)
I kind of want to do a truth is because I'm bored but I don't want to do everyone.
Happy Thanksgiving you guys! Anyone have big plans for the holidays? Do these big plans involve sushi? ;)
Google Teaches Employees To &quot;Search Inside Yourself&quot;
Thanks for the follow and attending #SMBMAD this AM!
Getting ten different poster designs in this week to see which ones I wanna keep to sell ^_^
thank you 4 following us,
Gimme the dates you want and they're yours ;)
Ha ha! Doug emailed me today for the first time in forever!
bring the cash tomorrow
lol so I guess she's mad.
A4: Likely, we won’t be called this “cloud” anymore, because use from anywhere by anyone will be so easy and so transparent.
not very nice. :(
Ah another day in the studio! Love my job, good tones good band! Working on new stuff! New stuff coming soon!
either as long as they govern minus special interest are unbiased and know the power belongs to the people not politicians.
Find someone who knows you're not perfect, and treats you as though you are...BUT knows they aren't perfect either.
I always mess that up. My bad
Wow with all the gimme calls for Philly! Philly can apparently take as long as they like and never get a delay of game call.
A little bit. Kinda. Cousins doesn't seem like a jerk, just lets emotions take over sometimes. Rondo just seems like a prick.
Why kerry wood! Why in the world would you retire?!
What a great photo of you, love your avatar!
isn't it cheerleader Lucy from 13
thanks for your support! It appears this will run into Saturday. G
#AllRelationshipsNeed time for each person to miss the other one. You don't need to be attached at the hip 24/7.
Hi everyone. On May 8th, I will debut two songs by my brand new band, Leda. Get excited! I sure am.
Count me out!
You are mistaken
That's my boo he like a baby drake! Lol
NO YOUR NOT Breann!
"So mightily grew the word of God and prevailed."~Acts 19:20
Mark, have a safe flight tomorrow. Cheers to the 2012 hot air ballooning season!
LOL how was being a loner at track? Did you make friends ?(; lololo
#mau5head your crazy !
#RHONJ Joe Gorga says its Jealousy, I say its Misery loves Company.
Gerzberg said he is gana start being antisocial. This way, he will become smarter Wtf is wrong with him
I followed iconicbelieber
Dont rush it
are you really going to spend $200million dollars a day to visit India? Plz explain why & how?
Right answer - wrong question ;>)
I'm searchin for a real love!!!
I'm moved to see social media being used for good and to see the PEOPLE of the world uniting against evil with the #stopkony ...
:( Maybe next year we'll see you at
Ate at Los Cuates. Read Th Alibi,and My names is in IT!COOL Thanx!
PPL promotes their new telescope that YOU can borrow! Learn about "Exploring the Night Sky" Tuesday 4/17 from 1-2pm in the Rines.
idea for a tv series: "she's a sexy, successful (insert profession) who's breaking all the rules!"
thank you. It was easily one of the hardest stories emotionally I have ever covered.
The law of gravity says no fair jumping up without coming back down. (Dear old Newton must be rotating in his grave).
The birds outside of Guthridge need to learn that 2AM is not the most appropriate time to break out into full chorus.
just blogged, love this challenge :D
Levi growled when he heard the words "Steelers" and "Bengals." Good dog.
Christianity: Manipulation at it's finest.
Um. One word. Hootie.
Browns had 13 picks to start. Not surprised they gave up a bunch of late picks to lock up their guy.
Good morning world! Keep your head up and shine!
#YouLying like you rich or lyin on ya dick & got a fake chain around ya neck! smh fuck on
so good!
Last one you talk to when you go to bed, and first one when you wake up. I like this.<3(:
are you interested in helping a student org put together a panel on #partnerviolence?
teen wolf looks like one of those shows where they ran out of ideas so they just ripped off something else.
What do you expect? It's chock full of Virginians.
Will do! MT : thx! I can't make this one, wish I could. Let me know when you have a SHARKup! I'm SO there!
Nothing I can't stand more than a gold digger...Onto The Next One
Still need your bio for tech trends...Or I am going to make it up and talk about your kick boxing class.
Oh a RIDE in the Windy City! that would be excellent! It looks like #SanFran might be the next location in the works...
Cross fingers they are delivered before I leave for Seattle. :) Also have to stop by Crocker Park to buy iPad for MIS.
13 more days til Commencement drops !
Got damn Ik the mail lady hot
Follow back & will send a DM. :-)
So far away, I wish you were here.
it's gonna warm up in phoenix too. Wait...it's always warm here lol
Ugh so much homewrk....
Stay with me
How did you know that I was completely blasted on crack when I wrote this song? Are you watching me?!
Last night was super fun & Heidi & Kenn's house concert in Houston! Today is gonna be friend hang out day w them, so it's a bonus for me ...
good game yesterday, I will be there tomorrow conducting the color guard before the game.
meeting with about an upcoming teleseminar on social media marketing
I literally read this as #fartweet instead of #fatweet lol
I get to see in a week!!!
#ThingsMenShouldntTextEachOther Wanna get some brunch?
Stay tuned! 5th Annual #Transportation & #Infrastructure Convention Summary of Proceedings will be out later TODAY!
Ever get that feeling like when you eat to much it feels like your drunk? Yeah that's me lol.
Today was succhhh an amazing day ! couldn't said it any better . . . signed a contract for Beyonce . <<<<<<3333333333333333333333
We're pulling an all nighter and now its #ff time
Good luck at unemployment office! RT : two sources Kevin Stallings yelled "Good luck in the NIT!" to fans while leaving
Well, beat the drum and hold the phone - the sun came out today! We're born again, there's new grass on the field. Go !!!!!!
RT : MT : Tonight we'll have in Jason LaBaw (), CEO of ! We can't wait.
wish i had somethin to do(:
can you follow me say Hi Katelynne :D
Reed between the lines. On BET right now. So refreshing ...funny
Roku was a B-Day gift - love it!
eff it's cold out. winter jacket time :( but my teacher didn't completely shoot down my idea today!
Shout out for shout out?
Anyone get out for a ride over the weekend?
Ill be home next weekend.
Ready to go home &&d take a long shower!
Flammin hots and cheese like the good old days
nice airball Pierce
How do you find yourself when you don't know where you went?.
Something to do with the equinox, I think?
Dripped coffee on my coffee-colored pants. That's all.
launches their new site using #responsivedesign. Feels pretty clunky and slow to come up on my iPhone over 3G. JavaScript heavy
Bout to head dahn PNC Park and watch dem Buccos n'at
Its funny how you can do nice things for someone all the time and they never notice, but if you make one #mistake, it's never
Do you need me to send you an invite???
#CPD2012 outcome document: "there is a need for more systematic studies on sexual & reproductive health of girls age 10 to 14"
Baldenegro: encourages people to get involved thru advocacy, students can share their stories.
Loved this word I saw: "nixtamalization." Refers to process by how corn is ground up to make tamales, etc. Comes from Aztec "nixtamalli."
So my brother is coming home tonight =))
I've had time to think, im not even tryon no more, 2 years of my life wasted, got the rest of my life to make it better
Don't walk on an escalator. This is an opportunity to have the work be done for you. Take advantage.
Don’t tell me how educated you are, tell me how much you have travelled. ~The Prophet Mohammed
Ordering the equipment today for Univ of Tulsa's new gaming lab: consoles, monitors, games--it's like a second holiday!
It's tomorrow, please repost Dark Delicacies 3512 west magnolia, Burbank 2 to 4 pm DVD signing for The Gruesome Death of Tommy Pistol
I'll start working on one if I find a good picture
& presenting right now on #CMAawards !!! Tune in!
I no :( and your lucky day will come trust me
Mrs. Meyer said she'll give us her hangover oh
Can't wait til birthday it's goin <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0086>.
Eating lunch and watching the lovely french classic "Le Ballon Rouge."
But even I don't know about all that spice crap
Uneasy realization that in a cavernous room, reading a Twitter feed can feel more personal than listening to people spkg up front.
i aint seen roy yet but i'm going tomorrow, so i'll tweet him and see if he is there and wanna meet up lol
If your company would like to sponsor a #DRFestivus prize, contact .
Apparently. I'll attest--it's highly overrated!
I'm play with your clit as your toes curl then I put the strap on in your gonna feel it on the inside of your belly button
20% of my grade is riding on my completing this paper tonight. 2 letter grades like that.
Don't Tweet and Sheet
People post rap lyrics like the lyrics actually mean something to them... "girl, I love it when ya shake yo booty, yeah, baby boo <33" -__-
Oh, you're a model? What's your agency? Instagram”
Oh wow! When did February sneak up on me?
Now it's time to watch some good hockey, GO CANUCKS GO!!!!!!!!
Nikola Tesla might have been the greatest mind next to Einstein. Google him.
KP is! #thrive RT : #RetweetThisIf you are staying FIT and HEALTHY today! #commitment"
If one more person asks me if I drew the short straw I'm gonna throw straws at them
Haha RT : U can't call urself a real man if u call A just to change a tire -- just sayin!!
Such a cute adorable fool
think the guys doing the ride are amazing
I wanted the bulls to win. Rose going down hurt them but they will be back hungry next season.
That sounds like a blast! Get comfy and enjoy the show!
Post Mortem => After death
Thanks. Tune in this week for the 3rd new episode. More to come later in the year. Glad you like it.
i feel confused by all the people who go out boating & jet ski in the willamette river :/
Was telling a Finnish guy about my love for gymnastics and tennis. His response: "You are very weird." I prefer the term interesting.
Tired of unremarkable Tuesdays? Cheer yourself up with frozen yogurt - it's like the anti-depressant of desserts!
one Saturday we'd love to have you at our farmers market & holistic health experience. We'd love to talk more.
#walkingdead is gonna be good tonight
“ Huh whats up ma, im only here to coach yu ! Yeah im a freak so we do the things that freaks do !” ' My shit!
I saw a bumper sticker the other day it said..."COVER ME!, I'M CHANGING LANES!
He is! The class is super chill, and the concepts are easy to understand - it's just time consuming reading for it. :P
Great day to come have dinner on our patio! Ps We have heaters too in case it gets chilly tonight.
RT I qot no time for frontin .. I know just what im wantinq
:( Yeah- Animals with fur- cat/dog/horse- all bother me too!~
We call it Partying with a Purpose and 365 days of giving 1 deal at a time $1 of each deal bought on our site goes to charity.
craving a buffalo bar-rito right meow
When me and brother jam to Three Cheers For Five Years >>>>
:D RT: Email me for a #Friday #smile!
Sure. What's it for
RT i think you should go follow and tweet me done after you did! if you do i could follow back:) DONE~!
Project Lifesaver is seeking sponsors,ads for the program, or items for the silent auction for the 2011 PL International Conference.
We sure can try :)
I spend too much time at the Vet
Attn “ Peking duck eight course dinner tuesday nov.22 . We start taking reservations tomorrow. 50 bucks.”
Yep I lost control Thank you and for that. It was worth the wait and staying up late Goodnight ttyl
Thanks for the mention! Have a great weekend!
break all bruce smiths records please!
oppaaaaaaaaa~ sorry ne, next time okay? :)
i'm glad you're okay dude!
: BISCUITS rule!! And don't u forget it!! :D
You're my angel without wings... <3
No problem bro, and I appreciate it! Lol<U+2755>
Just use discount code hubspot25 to get the reduced rate!
Just got make up on. Ready to beat Holy Angels? :)
Sleeping at home for the 1st time in 3 nights: Fri at my sis' place, Sat at Darcy's after Pub 'n Putt, and Sun at E's...
Guy who fixed my car saw my lanyard and said "I can't touch those I'm a cowboys fan" my response "does my car still work?"
Looking forward to the visit of , author of , to our Chicago offices.
did something happen....I step outside I hear all these sirens and 2 helicopters flying over my head. umm.
I don't know anything about it. Just heard a lot of ppl raving about it
Well I'm not sure that I actually feel better, but we are on our way to the park anyway. We will see!
Welcome to Twitter! Tweeps, follow Great people!
this is my favorite part of 8 mile!
10pm she can call us at the church, 361.579
oh that's awk
Is it wrong that the wife dreads the day #Madden12 releases...she already knows she's not seeing me n the bed for a few nights
nice! What's your baby's name?
Another Big day at the office.
#YouWereCuteUntil you turned to old to throw a tantrum
is gonna be back this weekend with #Kyvan! Florence Walmart Fri, 3/23, at 5PM & Ft Wright Walmart on Sat at 11AM. Stop by!
Big ups to the douchebag who took up 2 parking spots with their Suburban at the gym during the busy time. I hope someone slashes your tires.
where u located
From back of the pack at the start, you battled your way to another top 10. Wild night. Well done sir.
Heading for the Sea Boat Show. Anyone else?
Commercial law sounds interesting. I wanted to design an Internet barter system for android phones but got confused by taxes.
Ha there was also like 3 fights today stupid ppl
Whooooaaa just turned on #Baylor vs the #Jacks and got blinded!
uh. I don't know. it's in my car trunk right now.
2 awesome things in 1 post!
& don't put ur money in the bank!
SO TRUE!
Sigh got 6:1 on Ohio going into overtime but lost
#ItsNotWorking RT : MSM, you're giving Walker a "pass" on jobs. The rest of the nation IS adding jobs.
I won't be at the Mercury's much longer, but I'm leaving you w/ a pretty great Drinking Issue, thx to 's intrepid journalism
I always know when to cum
One of your best one-liners, Ken. 1992. Classic.
Guernsey suggests that it could take as many as 4 years to get Imagine Austin initially in place
claps for JESUS
Did #Roshon just lift Chelsie? The judges better call it.
"I'm Happy For You" The Biggest Lie You Tell Someone That You Love , That Loves Someone Else .
I love his smile.
RT : RT : How many absentee ballots will be found in trunks in Mass?
:-) Not at all. Leg godt!
you're finishing it tonight?!?
I appreciate all followers thank you very much
"Sexually, yes... philosophically, maybe." Young Mick Jagger, when asked (circa 66/67) if he was now "satisfied."
I'm watching but she was pissed that I stopped at Starbucks and flirted with 7:55pm
It's the weekend! Eureka!!!!
I'll pace him :-) RT : No worries that will be part of my weekly ride anyway.
Congrats to SVSP client, participant, and star who's heading to Greece to play ball!
This was the voice but imagen at a BELIEVE concert XD
I'm justin bieber for halloween lmfao!!
I can't fathom my life without you. I wish you'd treat me with respect like the rest of your friends instead of treating me with no respect.
should just walk on stage, grab his stuff and leave
Cinco De Breezy.
Thanks for sharing that link!
home with rents always sound a little like #socialwork too :/
Could happen.
you should!
Did not offend any one last night and had a great breakfast
Do you wake up or open your eyes first?
Are you really allowed to tesity before Congress in character?
« what kind do you have? :3 but I want a cone with it! D:» and she come on a cone.
Thanks for the follow, Luke! Great to be connected.
I'm going to have to miss Pilates today so that I can clean and get the house ready for my mom's visit.
Wow what a rush
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ? 2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ? 4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing? :) 6
About to be a great night with some cool people!
happy birthday john :))
The secret of success is constancy to purpose ~ Benjamin Disraeli"
Balls Of Fury
i want my boyfriend back
“: Still buzzing from last nights club life party !! I had such a great crowd to play for!!” was INSANE!
PS Kid's injury appears to be no big deal, she just needs PT &to use crutches for a bit,but it took many docs, tests & hrs to determine that
The Janoskians are so important to me.
hey Ariana hope you're having a lovely day. Love you :*
#np A$AP Rocky-Brand New Guy...
Finally home!
that background is just too much
Bamboozeled by Slick Rick & my love for all things Jonah Hill!! The Sitter is terrible.
cool. Lol DM I need to tell you something.
I'm seeing 70 and just a slight risk of showers for Saturday. We can work with that!
PARTYY TONIGHT!! ;D
RT : Stop worrying about the potholes in the road and celebrate the journey! ~ Barbara Hoffman
Anything awesome happening?
OMG #Wrestlemania28 our era won't die!!!! This is awesome
you should get that tattoo and prove that dreams can come true.
#FF (follow the birthday girl!) ;D
To my knowledge - not even
(x thanks
" A Snapshot of Digital Scholarship at Liberal Arts Colleges j.mp/uo9bdr"
Our difference is simple. We are not like other classified websites. Users can see your ad right away. Experience the difference today
On March 30, 2012, I will be seeing in Washington, DC. That is all.
Worst night ever.
thx Thomas - I hadn't seen Santiago's work. Good stuff.
I will
Loving hearing positive feedback about NewarkPulse - we do have the best calendar! Thx!!
The girls duet was awful!
True love never dies; it only gets stronger with time.
PickUpLine: Hi. I'm like a tropical island: hot, wet, and waiting for tourists.
Beautiful morning! Headed to the Folks and Roots Festival at Wells Park Montrose and Lincoln area in the city!
That's darling! I love it!
UC vs Louisville tonight for Big East Championship. Go Cats!
Apparently I'm not humble.
Exchange and ISA servers being crushed right now....GAHHHHHHHHH
Congratulations to the Burlington Red Devil boys hockey team for winning the Division 1 state hockey championships at the Garden yesterday.
sold me hard to find lens for normal price rather than gouge price I found elsewhere. My NYC camera store prejudices = wrong.
I think I finally realized what my man was rapping about on that Hot & Cold track last night. Chicks, man...
I hate my family.
Happy thanksgiving!! Im thankfull for friends, family, happieness, and i love you cody. Have a great day
it's a shame you can't some to #Bamboozle with us. I feel like that's right where you need to be.
Stupid school... Im so exhausted by the end of the week.
yay! Out of curiosity, did you find out via the posters around campus?
I got one at Glenmont this morning.
You live in Wilmington.
Let your past make you BETTER, not bitter
Can you say anything other than No?
Toys &#39;n&#39; Games: Here Now, a $25,000 Frank Gehry-Designed Chess Set
God made Man before Woman because you always make the rough draft before the final masterpiece.
How can i be featured on 1,000 ways to die...
I should be in LI but my friend is just leaving the house. Oh, she can push my buttons but I love her oh so dearly!.
my weekends always get ruined because she wanna go so some where ..I Gotta go to aunt poopoo house for da weekend Smh
This. X 1 Trillion. RT : This. x 1 Billion. RT : Duke is nauseating.
wonders why many of our hispanic/latin brothers and sisters denounce their black heritage...
i can't get him out of my head. <3 woah. ((:
Thanks to Brian McKnight for "taking it slow" with the ladies tonight at the Dakota. See video Thursday morning.
We played Lifeboat, Kung Fu Fighting, Apples to Apples, and Scurvy Musketeers of the Spanish Main.
Zimmerman never said "I am sorry for killing your son!" That's remorse! Not, "I'm sorry for your loss!" WTH!!!
Quick, somebody - are Staples computer warranties worth the money?
What day this week will you be here ??? cause i'm leaving really soon
Dedication: MARTHA ANN ORMORD, I love you grandma thinking of you always. Till we meet again. RIP--Luv u
Does anyone have any hard data re: do bit.ly links provide any link value?
Well, people have strong feelings about it. In better news, see you NEXT WEEK!
say that!!!
Boycott circuses that have animal acts, especially Ringling Bros.
another picture war...?
drop the MTX and upgrade to JL Audio...get an Eclipse head...tv in dash.
RT : #FridayReads Faces of the Gone by Brad Parks...thoroughly enjoying this book!
I don't know what else to do
Sen. Raskin is holding a legal clinic over in the Senate.
I can't stand Onions
am i the only one expieriencing facebook problems anyone else?
this is a thing?
will def check out! Thank you! You like Brett Dennen? How's his Loverboy album?
My dreams have the best soundtracks ever.
Short notice fight?
lmao when he said 2 bell peppers I instantly died...sorry to flood ur TL wit my camel toe antics lol
Why did Barnes&Noble get rid of their comfy chairs?!
oh and BTW for someone who hates Taylor a lot u talk about her an awful lot!
stupid hacker spammers, leave me alone!!!
Good morning! We got more "best kids book of all time" picks yesterday that we didn't share, like: Goodnight Moon. How could we miss that?
tweet tweet tweet :P
Morning all!
Gendered donuts are a thing and I'm still confused about their existence and my complicity w/r/t them 12 hours later. Tasty though!
Mastering the first song for the #Mamba Project
Will You PLEASE Follow Me Back I'm One Of Your 1st Ever Mahomies I Saw Your VERY FIRST YouTube Video 7 Mins. After It Uploaded
Why Are You Moving To Miami? And How Long Are You Gunna Stay There? :(
As soon as they start asking questions, relationship is over! lol
thanks Trish. Enjoying the journey.
thanks. Didnt realize yor tourny was for charity. Great of you to do that. Gonna donate to Children's in support.
Having a beauty night
"Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level." - Joyce Brothers -- (RT )
Congratz u will do amazing!Lol I will be attending the Spirit Awards n spirit!Tweet a picture of your beautiful outfit G.Luck!
Why go and talk behind someone's back?? If you have something to say then grow up and say it to my face. #immature people <<<
don't worry about it if u wanna spell wrong then spell wrong lol
Ah yes.. I had asparagus last night
Halfway done, good lunch, saw a dedication of a brand new home
we better hang out soon! I miss you <3
someone should think long and hard about changing that school name.
Nothing lasts forever at least we got these memories.
so u wearing 57 or do we need to start a new random number?
Hungry for churros
I just want some of what's on the right.
I give the "thank you wave & I also send out a thank you tweet while driving with my elbows". Is that proper driving etiquette?
You Like It Tho ( ;
The girl working next to me is so nice and sweet. I find her incredibly annoying
Blown away by the MS tablet at #fosterly. Very impressive. Would love to have excel on a tablet.
Congrats! Can't wait to read it.
First Georgia Children's Advocacy Network (GA-CAN!) mtg of the yr at the Loudermilk Center. More than 35+ advocates/groups here!
Awesome! RT : My kids refused to get into the bathtub unless I got in, too. Related, I smell like watermelon shampoo.
Show Me the Money (financial wrkshp for sm biz) begins in 15 min. in Rm 10.
I have an earache today. This is stupid.
and it was LAME! so sad.
What'd you pick up?
Cant we all just grab a bong and tag along?
thanks so much!!:)
So bball fans what's up with these guys running to teams abroad...David stern need to work in himself
Pssst!! Hot Heads does the best fades and designs in the city! Bring your man or son in here for one today!
my nigga got body guard status lol
Now you can get Custom Logo Design @ $150
Burlesque came on pandora while I was mopping at work, you best believe I did her broom dance routine!
If someone has a good cure for lactic acid in the quads, let me know...
"But mom... what if i get kidnapped?" 'Trust me, they will bring you back.'
nice! which one?
happy Star Wars day, my friends!!! May the fourth be with you!!! :D<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
to celebrate 1 yr we r offering 1/2 price desserts 2day,Tshirt giveaways-4 the kids,meet Mr. Limeade & balloons. TY all! Sonic
Yes I'm the real Gabriel Antonio. I get that shit err'day! Lol.
can u tell me who ? I ain't even going to the homecoming anyways! Lol :p
Welcome to the Children of Light Official Conference Page! Join on on June 20th - 23rd #Denver and
If Montero swings any harder at a pitch, he'll blow a hole in his bat if he ever makes contact
I thought he was a sophomore (Class of 2014)
Did 3mi on the treadmill. In the sauna now sweating it out. Going to head home and wash my car before breakfast.
Album of covers about the Earth..donate some procedes to enviro org. You'd sound great on Big Yellow Taxi!
swing by 80 Revere
where y'all heading to tonight?
I'm your twitter herbalist! Ask me for help with your health issue! I'll recommend great herbs that really work!
is all over my tl
Can I get Retweet from Mr. Skip Bayless?
Do you happen to know the name of the vendor that supplied mobile whiteboards for classroom NeXT? Looking for similar...
Everyone benefits from improving education
fine then...captain queen it is.
I really don't understand war I just said
Make-up tests and cleaning on the set of #Rising tonight. -JO
"Stop being so naive." -- What I wish I had said more often to adults when I was 6 years old.
Yes i hate you so much! You are on my V.I.P most Hated List. April Fools(;
finished THE FAULT IN OUR STARS by I would definitely recommend this book to anyone. It's not what you think. It's better
thanks girl you too!
RT : Whatsoever the mind has ordained for itself, it has achieved. Seneca
me too! I was over 2/3 done. So pissed. You think Gibbens will be ok with it?
I had to take the day off 2day, exhausted. No sense in pushing, save my energy to resist the temptation to blow up the irs building (a joke)
... a hello goodbye type
flush draw on flop last hand that bricked too obv
I NEED out of this house. I'm seriously going to blow a fuse.
Hanging out @ busboys & poets on 14th and U checking out a discussion about Ellis Haizlip and Mr. Soul. History, legacy.
Fantasy Baseball engaged. I will never be bored for the next 6 months.
This island is still an island for families. Why not think about joining us for Thanksgiving?
Been really productive today! But TGIF !
mines do I hate talkin n I cn barely eat
hey all
Just as I was typing my last tweet, an actual little bird alit on the fence post by my window and started actually tweeting at me.
Help fight for a cure!
GORA: "Bill is a seasoned leader and a skilled communicator."
Finn has no concept of "wait your turn"
This weekend is so needed
God is good! The apartments we wanted 2 look @ were full the lady said she might have somethin open up @ the end of the yr.....
Going to go get pizza for dinner n Birthday party tommorow
I'm sorry hun. Hope you got a little rest. At least there's chocolate......
I'm recording them cause I'm watching the all star stuff on tnt lol you?
Before bed last night my son said unless we had a ton of snow he preferred to go to school so summer break wouldn't be too short.
#FF still my best friend after 20 years.
YES THUNDERSTORMS YES YES YES
my sources tell me, if anybody cares about my sources, that he's staying.
Welcome to the office! We're happy to have you.
lol that's better! Thank you!
's mobile strategy - 1. Integrate mobile into everything we do -
Happy birthday from the usa, sexy(: ahaha. hope you had fun partying it up!
always a great way to start the day!
If u want to keep a secret u don't need any help!
It's a good word, and sadly too often ignored, even by academic economists.
You know what’s crazy? When you go to Ralphs and you find out that you’re at Vons.
"Excuse me while I kiss the sky." Jimi Hendrix. I love my birthday!
MY BROTHER JUST MOVE IN TOWN I GOT TO PUT HIM ON I GOT YOU BIG BRA!!!!!!!!
Just got home from NYC.
Shout out to #teamoffbalance getting ready to rock the 200 mile #RTBRelay - , follow and join the fun!
No I in threesome
“: lol...u stay too far” love has no boundaries baby lmao
Elle woods is my alter ego...
1 MORE DAY TILL YOU CAN PURCHASE #PutItDown ON ITUNES!!
At a conference at American U. Wearing a tie. Etc.
Monday = $1 tacos so get your gnom gnom and margarita on!
Beach Boys you're so old and cute and OLD
I've seen one episode of "Fringe." It freaked me out, so I suppose that's a good thing?
They're playing some kind of basketball themed game on Price is Right. I've never seen so many contestants on stage.
why am i so impatient ?
I don't think I've been to Thai Vegan. How does their Thai compare to the meat-bearing Thai places? I love lad nah and curry...
The 50 Best cars
The hunger games has to be the best movie.! I recommend you to go see.!
Wow what do you do when a 17yr old kid tals shit to you becasue he likes your 12yr old daughter
Just ordered 12 YO RedBreast Cask Strength Irish Whiskey and Rittenhouse Very Rare Straight Rye.Will be a good wkend if I get it before then
Black Friday is here! Avoid the crowds & purchase your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter at www.amazon.com or www.Clear2O.com!
sorry selling drugs && rappin' isn't for everyone
#SDSummit 'a no cost RFP' mentioned by did you govies hear that, and know you can do no cost rfps?
Finally the actress is here!!! Lets make a movie!
Around 98% of adults have reported that they have masturbated sometimes , and none of them have ever had hair on their palms.
So this morning clowned me at the golf course on live TV. I need redemption. What should be our next competition?
10 minutes stuck in phone tree that loops to finally trick it into giving me live person. They said "our system is down please call back.
Just saw a meteor fall around 280 in broad daylight! Incredible!
Today can suck it! I just wanna go play video games in my underwear...
Celebrating 4th of July with the family and remembering all those who sacrificed to give us a life of freedom
Smoova One Day Away..#"Foundation" Alleyway2Broadway. 1Moneyball......on the way..January 25th...
It's NFL Draft Day! We'll take a look at which Wisconsin players hope to hear their names, coming up at 5:40 a.m. on
Dear out of towners: Thank you for bringing the cold and rain with you! No, seriously. - Austin
that chick fill a hit the spot!
These hiccups are a fucking bitch.
#ColoradoRockies Todd Helton, now that's some good #facialhair!
Perhaps news insiders would know the answer of why the police kept the DART rail shooters name secret for so long.
Does anyone want to help me find Superman fortress of solidarity?
If eating were a sport, i'd be a 16-year world champion
Read the Bill of Rights and then arrange each right according to your own order of importance.
you will pay for putting that song into my head ;)
Just woke up. They delivered right to us from the nursery. This kid is such a shmoop.
Getting everything situated for Full Sail right now.
Yes. He has a little girl.
Hey Simon thanks for follow
Definitely. Just because Roy lives in Oregon doesn't mean he needs or drives a big truck! Lol.
Relisted some great items at www.TheArtPlant.com that were sold but will never "sell out"!
save the laces 4 last. they put up a good fight while yer shaking the life outta the shoe.
Awesome! RT : Getting things done for #techfair :) Can't wait to have come to
School's out!!!
Happy New Year! The Monster Mania Monster Truck show will be at the Lazy E Arena on Jan. 7&8! Lazye.com for more info! Pls RT!
And they lost to the worst team in the league
Incredible! Thank you.
Enjoying a Bloody Mary in a glass on the track at Daytona: #Schneidalicious!
So excited for tonight! Just wish I had a piece to wear... guess I'll wear my Gypsy05 "inspired" tie-dye scarf.
Looking forward to our #TEA - WEETS!
Ideally, the opt-in form is positioned above the fold. This means your visitor won't have to scroll the page to see the form.
That's how we feel every morning. Wouldn't start my day off any other way!
haha omg I freakin love coffee. Keeps me going :P an it taste so good :)
If you're not Alan Rickman or Gary Oldman you probably suck at playing villains.
April Game, ED of Art Pulse will be taping an interview for Jazz88 this afternoon
energy drink can be dangerous as drugs. Its increases ur heart rate, & if not cautious can have bad effects.
Just went on a re-tweeting rampage.
do not go to miflin.
or baggies full of coke
#Congress: “Please support #afterschool programs. I rely on quality, convenient, affordable #childcare.” –Jennifer E.
RT“: The Redskins just traded three #1 picks to move up to draft Anthony Davis.”
Hugely excited to see Angela Davis speak at !
Well, hopefully you might become friends with the McClains too
The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say <U+FFFD>I
I was just thinking about how happy I was that this was our last monday....then I realized that wentzville sucks #yay #lastfullweekthough :)
i love u yr the best
oh yes ! Im counting down the days
Thanks for signing it please tell other's about this made by ME :D
When do you feel the most successful and alive? These times are characterized by your best and highest personal performance.
#vaforum12 illustrates the clever dating of the creation of Jefferson's book lists using purchase records & subsequent interlineations
A project just came up where I have to purposely create tacky, awful design - the worse, the better. This is going to be fun!
Never seen a S/A on a Homicide scene. Rare for a Police Chief to be on a Homicide scene. I was angry before. I am livid now.
Forget about the World Cup. Off to play in the Georgetown alumni soccer game against Notre Dame. :-)
Chris Mayer, people exiting #market despite spreads.
didn't get to lookup beer places for you. Go to a store and buy Southern Tier, esp the dark stuff
If you're Brad Friedel, do you trade 10 years of "Mr. Consistent" label for 3 years of "Best GK in World"? His bank acct likely takes former
it's 4:30 am in Minneapolis. UK and Aussie friends I understand, but why are so many of you US people awake? Do you ever sleep?
Ugh come on
man you guys need to shut the fuck up and let Coach Cal make that decision...
BURNINATE THE PEASANTS!
According to Twitter, Julianne Gamel isn't in the Brewers lineup tonight.
So in Game 1 #NJD scored 3 unanswered early, and held on to win 3-2...
If you aren't dating a softball player, you REALLY need to higher your standards.
Lmao... Too funny bt sry MONAE follows behind no one:-) #DEAD AS SERIOUS TWEET:-*
Welcome to all of my new fans!! Thanks for the follow! XOXO!!
Freaking out.
Ah -- It's 8:06 and I still need to get ready for work
I'm officially domestic...I just had my first garage sale.
Straight up! #KushCampers2012 RT : imma make smoke to all of songs lmao
Take the emotion out of action. Just start. It really is that simple.
TNG in the NYC! Details to come! Gonna be a busy summer!
Perkins needs to stay and run wind-sprints. Ugly. RT ": Thunder were 18-18 at line Perkins misses pair with :43 left.”
Join the Marines and at American Home on the corner of Menaul & Carlisle for the Toys for Tots drive. They've got doughnuts!
Just spilled my whole glass of wine in my bed...glad its white and not red
Hoping they never end up on the same job site!
don't go then!! Lol
Jimmy check out my website. I know your a music lover spread the word www.iBand.me
it happens
Just noticed that I now get 4G on my phone
Can't it's my "late" day but if you're in cc let me know and I'll stop by at lunch.
We are flashing the phoenix jones symbol... Where is he?
I swear she loves him I just wish he wasnt so stupid and childish though..
The classic way: my parents. Must be a lost tradition now... RT : How did you first learn how to cook?
I'm interested. Please dm me.
Last Exam and then summer begins!
follow back love
GOOD LUCK! Im sure you will do GREAT! I will be atending in spirit! Btw loved the dress & HEELS! :)
": Go NUGGETS!! Beat them Flakers! P.s Kiss DENVER'S ASS Kobe #go Nuggets" Not Tonight My Friend
Just bought my ticket for - Looks like a great line-up!
#ufprchat target is cleaner. It's my winner publicly. But secretly, I shop at WM since it's so cheap!! LOL
im doing the same
couldn't even find you before I left lmao
Whose on ? I'm a total addict and I admit it! Time wasting at it's best
Dogs in the thicket
Count me some bread made some paper cost of fabrics minks and gators bitch I'm ballin
FuckedYoGirlLastNight!! It only took a weak!!!
No Problem Bro
Lol get gone
So THAT'S why writers have so many cats -- we are gluttons for rejection.
Grandpa just made out a check to the ACLU. Whats next, gay marriage?
I don't think so lmao cuz everyone was all, "That guy never does his homework but passes all his tests!"
3 different guys play Hans in the 3 different mighty ducks movies. One of the world's great injustices
Go on a shoppin spree then try to fit everything in compact car.
Russell is not lying to u..its nat/lydia/kevin made up the lies to twist jeffs head..get it girl..
lol yea... Was just watching "when keeping it real goes wrong" wu-tang!
Thanks for the RT. Much appreciated
Hey Guess what Santa brought us ?
I love crepes! :)
#StopTheLinsanity...yeah, that's better
I'm looking foward to this update :)
PBI will be there. Are you going? Great attendance in the past few years.
Fuck you I've now watched the Redband TED trailer like 10 times.
It smells like bananas in here.
No! Say it aint so! RT : Latest model suggests that the system for Tue/Wed has the potential to be a Major Winter Storm for MN.
great show, have some pics for you.
Can I say how much I love your ongoing convo about stuffed browns? Are you scarfing them down this morning?
oh I see awesome!!!!
Ok let's try it again. Just remember what God has for 1426 it's for 1426. There are great things in the works. Love you mean it!
no comment
RT : any word on that CP126 yet? // No word. Our guess is we probably aren't going to see any more of them.
This weekend only Buy one Get one free for Two Trains Running at Penumbra Theatre in MN
And she's watching porn in front of me. Ladies and gentlemen get ready for live tweeting straight from SOC2001
Riding in Muses! Float 19, Driver side, 1st rider...look for me!!
Checked out my soon-to-be new hood and discovered I'm living near a 7-Eleven!
Watch depressing foreign film for class, or Shaun the Sheep eps? Shaun the Sheep. See earlier tweet about maturity.
I THREW YOUR SHIT INTO A BAG AND PUSHED IT DOWN THE STAIRS
Large crowd at BCLT's Orphan Works Symposium in Berkeley, commencing right now
New classes tomorrow morning starting @ 5:45 am Come join me!
Morning World...Thank the Lord, Keep It Real, & Get Money (In That Exact Order)
Taxpayer excludes 52% of the adult population too if we are speaking about income rather than sales taxes that kids pay too.
Did you watch it?
Lmao right! RT : let him know! I damn sure don't want no light skin nigga
Awesome, Monica! Hope you enjoyed them all! :)
I don't know. But chewing with your mouth open is rude. Being a dog is no excuse.
i rly cant wait for the olympics ok
Thank you for the retweet love for the show at Linneman's in
yo this grillmaster steve the truck wont be out today but you can allways stop by pops on decatur and alta to get that great cheesesteak
About to start Committee on Education meeting. Tweet us your suggestions.
Everyone doesn't deserve a front row seat in ur
We have lost a family member my nephew Eric Mark Stovall. (Spade)Team Assassin... R.I.P. Spade. I love and miss u always..My heart is b ...
well looks like someone forgot to call me
The Governor and other key stadium players hold press conf two and a half hours from now. Will he throw on the jersey again? Horns?
super ridiculous
ravens get ready bc tom brady will be smokin dat purpp al day
Please tell me is the slutty bartender tonight!
Huge win for Gingrich in South Carolina. Romney 2nd. Santorum and Paul battling for 3rd.
first it'z facebook thugg'n now it'z twitter jack'n Lmao yall trip me out
Are you feeling better these days?
"I don't need jail to be behind bars" our culture in one statement Wow...
got daddy's lambo :-)
check out the Miles Davis stamp at the United Stated Post Office. it is simple awesome!
I'm just trying to stay calm and prep for my gig tonight, but every time I think about I just get pissed.
Where the fuck has been?!?! D:
do you see a man who love you here?! Waiting you here?! Huh?! Do you see him?!
we're just starting right now. We will have a website up soon with all the merch.
lol i got that too
At American Meteorological Conference in New Orleans. Listening to all different professionals in the weather field talk on their research.
Visualization Strategy that can be used in public speaking – “Second, Pretend you are just chatting with a group of friends.”
Its getting close to #MLB post-season time, read about all your fav. MLB teams here- USSportspages.com
oh please haha a dollar won't kill you! And if I'm on register I can just get you a drink
Hey, thanks for the porn star joke RT. I don't think anyone got it.
Double header...
Attn all runners, stop by the Diversey Harbor water stop tmrw morning btwn 6-10am to learn more about the JPA 5k and to grab a cool drink!
Why is everything scaring me tonight. So not cool.
Sandra's new nickname is casp. Short for casper. Due to her having whiter legs than that guy in the movie powder
Thanks for the RT!
I didn't know that "Breaking Bad" was a landscape choice.
your welcome
Working on a cover of Only Hope by Switchfoot
I think that is a FANTASTIC idea sir. Hope to see you soon.
Touche! But I'm still waiting for them to sign a free agent QB. It's inevitable.
On second thought, maybe it would be better if you could send me an image of the layout of the card itself.
yes! We're good. Thanks.
I can't believe you're cheating on Target like that....
that sounds amazing!
What ever happen to r& b..... Like new jack swing... GUY.... That was a group
is there another addy that's better?
oh man!!
Since Romney is so concerned about debt and spending, will he forego his salary and benefits if elected?
On live with the amazing writer Etgar Keret - www.radiokolamerica.com
Freedom to be exploited? The race to the bottom continues...
Famous Case is playing at the Whisky with Dr. Acula on Feb 14, 2012! Tickets at $10! Join us!
Omg freaking whores need to stop following me cause I'm definitely not going to follow a whore back
he wrong af for that dude
Me n dariuses conversations .:-) funny ass hell
Chiptune music is the best!! :D
I can't believe that after my last tweet, so many of you actually sent me random questions to answer.
Love you love
Cool I think I always did Mario. (:
put the team on his back tho!
girls want a lot of things from one guy, while guys want one thing from alot of girls.
WHAT no way. Omg we have perfect conditions even when its snowing outside!!!oneoneone
Rough start to the season but much better lately.
yo, tighten up; I said I RARELY give insults, not never!
STFU BITCHASS. and tell mama desantis to stop calling me a pedo and go to the gym.
well like I need to cut like a whole minute or so out of a track video someone took on my phone bc they started early lol..
Thanks for all the assistance on scene tonight on I-85. Tough one.
See you there? Who all is going?
Gorgeous day today in Mia! Juggling meetings and play dates..
is praying for peace and justice for the family of #TrayvonMartin - violation against one, is a violation against all.
# Shout Out To You.
Don't tell me that you love me then gone ahead & leave me.
Sandwich of the week sounds so amazing, I'm inspired to get dinner there tonight. Need Shrimp Po Boy in my life (and belly).
group says OK to openly share very rough start at a data citation lifecycle from group V at
has a tendency to stutter his 'm's', so it will be a challenge as he's congratulating me on being a m-m-m-m-millionaire.
I followed too many int'l policy wonks and now I can't understand a damn thing anyone's saying on my twitter feed.
Love doesn't make the world go 'round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile. Franklin P. Jones
Man, zinc lozenges make everything taste nah-stee.
we believe they are the best sneakers to ever be released in the history of life so we fein for em
i was picturing duck hunting in the library - row of ducks like at the carnival.
“: Dave is right tho, cheens are very appreciative...” swear bro
ONE MORE MINUET!!
His phone calls > your phone calls.
I sent my brother a 124 word text. One word at a time. Cause he has to pay for each text, and he owes me money. Assholish runs in the family
That video behind Pitbull looks like a WWE wrestler entrance video
Belichick's 4th down gamble, gutsy or nutsy? I'm going w/ gutsy, I thought showed confidence in offense to get 2 yds and defense to hold.
me neither...just saying <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
Relationships are like peeing in the pool. It feels good while your doing it but do you really want to stay in it?
At the semi conductor conference... Wow. This stuff is way over my head.
Two finals today, but I'm up with a lot on my mind.
Every time I get a hair cut, it gets an inch or so shorter. There is NO way anyone at my school thinks I'm straight. .-.
Oh no way! That's awesome! What will it be?
Thanks for the retweet. Neat chart, huh? No, I'm not thinking of buying a Kindle ;-)
Bout to make some coffee, read these sales books, and study this script!!
A male radical feminist, eh. You're awesome in my book, ! Love, , aka :)
nice...you are winning!
Looking forward to #NCIS night!!!
"why are you up so early?" "because I have children." overheard at il caffe latte in Harlem. Gotta love that energy
This is a great point. I was being nice. Nice doesn't work a lot of the time. q:
RT : "Story is geologically unstable. May shift at any moment." > Love this. :)
Spot trending now in West Hollywood, CA: Yogurt Stop - Dessert (live updates)
They will fake it til they make it. U kno lie to kick it...
:3 I love you too baby<33(:
You're most welcome. Thanks, I hope you're having a great one!
Thanks For the
I NEED to post a damn video on youtube. what the hell is wrong with me.
Getting excited about summer weekends up the Hudson River valley. Vacation-planning: distraction or motivator?
- Actions Speak Louder Than Words ...
On my way to King of Pressia Mall in PA...Coming home today.
Its funny i was at school for three hours today and i wasnt even in trouble!!!
YAY!!! RT : Just finished 's glorious LAURA LAMONT'S LIFE IN PICTURES. What a wonderful treat of a book.
aww! im so happy for you =) i wanna hear more about this boy
's Sagna just had the nicest cross I've seen in a while... not a bad finish either.
I'd purchase a "Scott Aukerman's Living Room Furniture is a Fucking Piece of Shit World Tour 2011" shirt.
4g kills the battery, switching to 3g for now haha
Nice quick run, hopefully that'll be one of many.
please follow us we have a music day camp starting in June for children 8-12
FUCK Oak lawn! If I Ever See Those Kids Again Their In For Some Shit!
Karma is kickin me all up :/
#shitfangirlssay "I am not a whore.. "
Ima work out on the daily, starting tonight (;
Your the reason we fell off tho .
I'll definitely look for it.
If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. -Calvin Coolidge
Yeah, if you like industrial noise with zero headnod factor
he should build a photo sharing app and sell it to Facebook.
through the school system
lebrick James will get the ball
Will find the Higgs before we do? We'll find out today...
Told my students today to not depend on their teachers ... to depend on themselves, long term.
PickUpLine: Hey, kitten. How about spending one of your nine lives with me?
So very jealous of and wish I was joining him for the game tomorrow... It's gonna be so sweet!!!
1/2 price bottle wine EVERY wednesday at Fuse!
hey Bo - sitting at SFFS, just now, saw your name on the screen & said that name is really familiar.. Long time since ft pt!
You have undeniable heart!
Just now this occurs to you? I've been acting on this basis for years. Best not to have them in the first place.
As much as I try to keep tradition, the band breaks it. Bulls up? How do you lift a bull above your head? Play your instruments and shut up
i wish i can come and give you a big directioner hug to make you feel better!! <3
oh no!! (that must've been hilarious though)
It would be easier if you drew eyes on your tits...LOL
NO MY BABY!!!! (aka my ipod)
I want to be a child again when we only loved candy, cried because of wounded knee and wished for another toy.
Cleaning in sports bra and yoga pants >
Just travel safely. :-)
Just bought two pair of shoes.....combined price $800....am I losing my sanity???
movie was dull & didn't really address the philosophy IMO.
Happy Birthday!!
But we suspect they visit websites more on iPads than Kindle. Does Nook split the UI difference?
Villaraigosa grumping about applause dragging out the meeting. Good thing it didn't start 23 minutes late...oh, wait...
Show us your independent artists!
If ur carrying a big cardboard cutout of sam adams around a beer fest.. i hate to say douchebag... but if the shoe fits..
you are very good trent
I try to keep things rocking' here in my own corner of #dayofdh land ...
Every time someone Non-Mexican says Happy Cynco De Mayo a Taco Belle worker dies!
Updating everything!
so excited! Class w Ariane Price Thursday morning and show that night! Amazing
I heard Blue Springs South students sing it at the football state championship
Call your detox order in for a nice deep discount! This is good through the end of February!
Some diabetes, cholesterol or blood pressure meds may deplete you of Coenzyme Q-10, causing fatigue, pain & risk of heart disease.
Remember, you can earn more money, but when time is spent it is gone forever.— ZIG ZIGLAR
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime.
“: Oh how i LOVE she speaks the truth.”
omg that would be cool if they draw one for u, are you gonna take a pic I'm gonna ask them to draw a smiley on my Belly
that tweet is a little... odd.
hey there Jenn. Thanks for the follow. Check us out if you'd like :-)
nobody cares
Another beautiful day in Sunny south Florida. Make sure to follow us on Facebook participate in our Summer Sweepstake.
FINALLY! a sack....uhuuhu huu he said, sack...
I've never changed my twitter name
1- im tell you the rest after you tell me ;D
Man I'm addicted to this game ,life is crime on my phone
Flynn to Seattle, Peyton to Denver and Garrard to Miami. One of this just does not fit.
Go Ducks!!!! And while you're at it: let's hit that over as well
@ The Movie Tavern with baby trying to enjoy the night about to watch Colombiana hope its good she really looking forward to seeing it
Your film looks really interesting. I'm glad you were able to get the interview with her! Will be sure to spread the word!
Don't wait to get started
4 more sleeps until wooohooooo horses and sundresses and hats and mimosas, oh my w/
El Anatsui, "I think my work has principally been about change."
Bluey Robinson- #ComingBack! Hope u lot are well! :)
I'd say Peyton has to be in a pretty complicated psych state right now. Little bro surpasses him, as he stares at retirement...
Forever 21, I really love you <3
Look at the future not the past.
I saw that. Thanks. Email is out
Good Vin! Sorry, wasnt sure if that tweet was for me. Been on DL for a while havin kids. You guys back in Dallas after EUR?
I done said enough that was on my mind for the night, finna hit the tub nd talk to him til i fall asleep !
I feel like I would like doing parkour if I didn't like maintaining the structural integrity of my body so much.
Something satisfying about seeing the team punished for illegal behavior ruining the season of the team that wasn't punished
Ugh, work. Am I right?
DM us with your issue and contact info. Thanks!
what disgrace! I haven't followed you back yet. I'm a horrible friend! Done!
U kno u had a good workout when ur whole body hurts 2 days later
Terrie, this time he tweeted darkened by shadows
Got some new things coming in this next week <3 <3 Stay tuned ;)
Briggs J rules in Pirtek (UK) v. Joinplace case concerning validity of restrictive covenant in a franchise agreement: [2010] EWHC 1641 (Ch).
Check out Google's homepage if you haven't already, it's awesome!
I don't know how I would get out there.
GMGM on Hunter: "Family comes first."
The big day could be as soon as tomorrow! Are you ready?
Werkkk! Come visit and buy stuff from me ^_^
Gonna be training out Germantown tonight.
I really can't wait for school to be over already ugh
just finished an entry for the Cannes Lions young directors competition we can't release it yet but trust me - it's good stuff!
I saw #Babygirl. Very good movie. Solid acting, interesting premise/story, good production values. I'd reccomend!
Damn everyone in OKC must be at that game
I hear ya
friend : GURL I GET TWITTER FOLLOWERS LIKE I GET MONEY! me: so you only get 1 follower a day? u said u get followers like u get money
We appreciate your support!
you sounded so convincing though.:P
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 21
all that matters is: does it get the quinoa clean?
hahahah..yeah, they have the buffalo roaming around right next to the place too..LOL...i hear they taste good too
My money straighter than a mufuxkin perm bitch !
First green screen test done yesterday... now lets see what we have in post.
Shooting a music vid for Eva Simons.. I wish I could take pictures...
RT : The Oregonian Newspaper is very boring bc the editor fails to report all the neg news on Obama, they are losing rea ...
yo go follow my girl
well you should.
ok. I already have two guys in mind so my pick will come in rather quickly
Thank YOU to all who've been stopping in and calling in response to our #freezerfund per my FB post! I love you! Feel like Jimmy Stewart! :)
can I get the tee's nd the VIP...me nd my friens our big fans of OFWGKTA
If you would like to place an ad in the Father's Day Celebration program book, email us a
My Story
Dear bed, I know that I left you this morning, but I love you. Take me back?
Call & get it renewed?
Well, that's different. Just learned about Dick Clark's death via Pinterest.
That thing where you are thinking about something all day long but not ready to share.
Good morning and Happy New Year! Any hares out there today?
Abt to go home in a min...
o must be really prettyy
Amazing Spring Sale in my shop! Miniature Tile Earrings are $3 off! Http://ShrunkenCatHeads.ETSY.com
IDK what day yet they will have to tell me & then I will tell U :)
Lady Antebellum! At last.
NBA Lovers - The Orlando Magic is hosting the Chicago Bulls today at the Amway Center. Call us now to buy your tickets: 888-493-0004
let us know if you find a good one!
i never go haha and same here...i have flash cards made for all of them but i havent memorized many...and i have half my essay
Good job at Sac. Ty that was a good easy game. I bet your happy that Gallo and Kofus are gonna be with you once again.
Worst gpa of my life last semester...I'm an idiot.
Good work!
I'm still laughing at Five Guys
Thanks! So far I am demolishing a bunch of job-related busywork - then on to the desk/inbox organization!
Start to verify
haha what was it
It would seem if one schedules a 3 hour meeting called "plan of the day" that the day has already been mostly planned.
Thanks for the inclusion!
Lots of YUM (including beer ice cream!) Will be on website in next 24hrs. No Pallookaville - Nothing wheeled allowed in Park.
omg Belz marry me
yeah. Jose or w/e didn't know what the hell to do. "I'm not American and what is this?"
fun day out of the office!
RT : Good things come to those who pray.
The loudest thing I can hear is the silence and it's killing me inside.
Returning from the Apple Genius Bar. Looks like my iBook may need to be replaced.
Falsetto - the dream <U+2764>
I'm one of the baddest muthafuckas of all time
Absolutely. Pass on that info! Thanks!
The fact I can't see u like others makes me ant to cry the fact u ont look at me like that girl u love kills me ...
what time?
i love your picture:)
It makes me so incredibly angry to have paid for an e-subscription only to be confronted with a Mensa puzzle to activate it. I want $ back!
if you guys back loaded, you could eat all the shit you wanted and lose weight AND gain mass.
Night. Work tomorrow! Eek!
DUKE going down!!!!
My princess just came in the living room and started shuffling. Lol She's so silly.
Consistency and Perservance!! .. Thats my talent!
i swear I do stop playin wit me
I have no people that I'm good enough friends with to sit at lunch with
When I started listening to One Direction, my grades also went One Direction and it wasn't up.
Well that was disappointing. #survivor hope sophie wins cse tho none of 3 remaining deserve it
>>>MLM News! SereniGy( New Company Listing )
I respectfully disagree.
I'm Gone 414 Damage Mode GFB It's Problems Hoe
Congratulations again, have fun and good luck!
:o where is that??
but to be clear, long term, sustainable engagement requires meaningful rewards (which is subjective)
Teen choice awards soon!
I have invented a new shot, I'm calling it a skulldragon. Fireball Cinnamon Whiskey, Southern Comfort Pepper, and Absolut Peppar Vodka.
Perhaps your 53 followers can throw you a raucous pity party.
omfg! I don't even want to see it! :L <3
your nose looks so beautiful and natural!!!! My dad did an amazing job! hope all is well gorgeous!! xo
And that reaction would be different if the other side won? The games of politics makes me sad.
thanks for the RT. Cheers!
There was that scene where she was leaning over Klaus in the coffin (who was still Klaus at the time). I believe then.
I'm watching the women's world cup! Berlin looks like they have done an amazing job.
but hopefully will pick up other great CDs from your store. Still waiting on Adam Lamberts next CD to come out
If u not on it - it will get on u
sorry guys meant #28. Still let's go Ryan you can do this.
Now that my eyes are drooping and my head is aching... Time to go read more "A Feast For Crows"!
RT : Happy I got to meet & & Kate Quinn today. Had so much fun at Sex, Lies, History talk!
no im from los angeles
If someone will give me a dollar or 50 cents, make my day.
thats wasdup. Nothing much laying down about to go to sleep
Looking forward to my monthly #First #Writes meeting today, with my fellow #authors and #writers in
#NP Ready-Frank Ocean I love this song
"Hey, Trotsky, you're in advertising" Peggy shakes down Roger
What goes better with tortilla chips: queso or salsa? Settle the argument today on Tortilla Chip Day with a bag of 7-Select Tortilla Chips!
or it could be like i never existed, thats cool too.
UHM I'M SEEING THE MAINE TOMORROW
Man it's super dope though...And you turned it around in like an hour?
When you read a tweet that wasn't ment for you, & you fel like you walked in on people arguing.
only 6.5 more hours! Two sick openers tonight!
yep couple of times
Cant believe its been 2 years since i saw MWK in Tulsa! Such an awesome show and memories!
On a budget? Call us 877-879-1809 and see what we can do for you.
I'll join you :)
Ah, In N Out i envy you! xD
You all ready know bro! RT : America got a thing for this gangsta shit
Tech Writer and Internal Communication job, Sapient - Job Lagao
. demo day this afternoon in SF. We'll see what one of the top incubators in the US is hatching cc
I don't see sleep in my future
axel foley... And to hear Eddie Murphy tell some funny ass jokes.
#22ndTaughtMe all about the "Walk of Shame" Walk of shame ? Elaborate
I pretty much have to cross my eyes to get it right.
Dropped at work and gettin ready for my shift- it's rough bc I miss him- So, I'll just be lookin forward to tonight!
plone.api is being born. the best part is I don't have to help because they already know how they want to write Plone code. /me is so proud!
There is this kid that looks exactly like justin bieber but with different color eyes hellp me! He is so... Cute! ;D
I really don't think I misuse English!
Amen (Feat. Drake & Jeremih) | Meek Mill #DreamChasers2 >>>
Presentation. Cable issues.
Savoring this glorious, long-awaited heat at last. Resting up for big week ahead, NYC trip x2.
"Dukes of Hazzard" Party featuring Kelbe as Daisy Duke! Complimentary hot dogs, corndogs and coleslaw and free Cherry Moonshine shooters
Thanks RT: ihelpnonprofits: Thanks, same to you. Looking forward to your #nonprofit & #fundraising tweets.
Donut friday on my last day at #chiat/day? Awww, you shouldn't have...
Luv ur site and ur quotes! Absolutely motivating! Hope had Awesome Christmas! Hav a Fantastic New Year!
no, when I follwed it thinkin it was u it dm'd me saying : tell ur follwers to follow my acc.
Happy bday to my fav smoke a pound...
Thanks for following! , , ,
listening to Telephone! Great band!
ENKG... STOCK OF THE YEAR
We are fighting a hacker. Have been down for 4 hours or so on some of our apps. Working to block the hacker. Thank you for your patience.
Today its' Bird Rock Coffee Shop in LaJolla CA. If you see me I will buy you a cup of Coffee.
Our pleasure and thank you for following back!
My friend told me about C.P.K Butter Cake.. Its unreal..
We got it good Kim!!
pj! are you back in la?
Time to get creative at SheaMoí Naturelle!
Yeah I don't buy that either, unless he starts to like coming off the bench. CHI seems more likely to me than any other place
Not lukin forward 4 my 6 to 9 class.. It feels 2 long evn when I'm wide awake smh. It's gonna b a long day
The security here in movies 10 is crazy!!!
live episode tonight! cool!
#86 | Because it's time to show the world what art is really about and how creative we can be when not controlled by the ...
#Blues' #Barret #Jackman activated
thank you!
My Mondays not complete without #castle come on September
#UConn vs #ND A lot of back door plays. Is it good passing or bad defense?
Ashlee Simpson is my favorite Simpson. :)
« When things don't turn out the way you planned it, don't stress over it, remind yourself that that's how they should be.»
it's never increasing!! We keep playing 99 and 100! Lame!
Great lunch sponsored by
Dear Mom and Dad, I'm still not a fan of turducken. Let's ham it up next year por favor.
jonanamary Good LORD that's good
“: I can't believe my Spanish teacher, who can't speak Spanish, gave me a B" It's bc she Be Jealous <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> you deserve an A!!!
Getting ready for maxim kentucky derby event
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 8
": I'm smoking the loud the loud the loud in my voice" VIDEO SHOOT FOR THAT SONG TONIGHT AT
Coming soon: Good news for people who can't be by their radios (or internet streams) on Saturday nights! More info coming soon!
Sup tweeps! will have his day in court 2morrow at 9 a.m. charged w/trespassing for wearing his hat to the back!
Getting sentenced on Monday. This should be fun.
haha, wearing some green ;-) Besides if they do pinch, I'll slap'em lol
RT : Today in Jewish History (1808) Bdate Sir Francis Goldsmid, Britain's 1st Jewish barrister (& Jewish civil rights champion)
RT if u think and are HOT (I EXPECT EVERYONE TO RT THIS lmao)
Rather than enjoying a day in the park I am post carding. Maybe I'll take a break at the batting cage and work off some frustration.
Ultimate Frisbee tonight was so perfect. Makes me feel a little better about the new cleats I just ordered.
Tonight the moon is 14% bigger and 30% brighter. Will people act 14-30% crazier?
u just ate 5 donuts know u want chicken and waffles
Winners take time to relish their work, knowing that scaling the mountain is what makes the view from the top so exhilarating - Denis Waitle
it was a clean albeit rough hit. and he didn't get injured - just knocked the wind out.
Going to do some shopping
Follow us for update on The Adamouski international art competition begginning at the end of February! theadamouski.blogspot.com
humility is the foundation of all virtues
thanks, all!
I'm so tired #ahh need sleep
Muscle man of technology is in the house - talking hi-tech horses for Del Mar!! He's on at 7:40 this morning!
Follow to help him get to 200,000 followers so that he'll release a never before heard song!! Please?
singing Sexting out loud to the school! :D
oh they've got those too!
RT Chandrasekhar (HR Head, IBM) says the biggest trend for leadership and developing leaders is how to use org social networks
GA!!!!! Back to where this all began!
Like I said unnecessary!!!!.
haha oh my gosh! Okay Aimee
And straight teeth :3
Time flies. It seems like not long ago we were on spring break together, now your own kids are at school...
How is everyone enjoying the Spring Semester? Let us know what you are learning about social media!
I applaud for taking a stand for marriage equality today! Thank you!!
(IMHO, Greece should have left eurozone last Summer).
thanks! You're going to LOVE the new version of the stats page that we're building up. Actionable analytics is our thing.
Tired of working on the same old game? Put VonChurch to work for you.
gl mike hang in there,,,,
Am I first to tweet about your red carpet encounter with the dictator?
's Jonathan Carson reveals great data/insights on changing app landscape, top apps, time spent on top apps.
R.I.P. Whitney Houston!! Such a shame... She had so much talent!!!!
So interesting how you get to know a person in a class and then they're TOTALLY different in a social setting.
RT : First Date If you've ever been on a first date- see it. If you've never been on a first date- it'll prepare you
its all about my boy !!! #teambringit, even tho were sittin next to the lord come Wrestlemania lol
WHATS UP PEOPLE?
Found a picked-over flower arrangement at my local Jewels. Win!
another thought on lanyards, we decided everyone probably has 4-5 lying around, so we're trying lanyard reuse policy
With a BOW AND ARROW. I said BOW AND ARROW! Just because your mind is in the gutter...
Can't believe the LA show sold out so quickly! Will be there with !
I know this is obviously(?!) a coincidence but FIFA president Sepp Blatter has bought a $125 million villa in Italy today!!
No, whoever wins the Colorado/Arizona games gets an automatic bid. It appears that team would take UW's spot.
For every action, there's a reaction.
Our family has grown! We welcome new agents to AR Jamie, Kennedy, Jasmine, Evelina, Robert and Gina.
hahaha Jesus. He wasn't throwin any back with us?
uggg i just woke up in the wrong side of the bed im very cranky ugggg
we totally see why the anubis photo brought that to mind!
This alone time feels so good. I should do this more often
woah, congrats! Want to hear about the new gig. And DC is a worthy trip my friend!
i know. how embarrassing. lol.
Co-Main Event just announced for Feb. 11 at the Patriot Center - Michael "No Joke" Stewart vs. Joe Wyatt for the WBU welterweight title.
June 6th back to back episodes until then I just read his tweets
In with the old and in with the old.
just got dis track listened... stressed and tired....workin don stop 24/7 is how I do it... wake up do it all over again
Seeing a poster for Carmen Sandiego reminds me of a constant question from my childhood. Who was her fence?
I swear I be actin like a old lady
Back by popular demand, Reggae-Ritas (sponsored by ) will be available all weekend long for $5 and u can keep the glass!
New Year=New Me. Who am I kiddin? Im still gonna be loving the same guy who doesn't love me back. im no longer that girl!! :)
<<<<<now following
Congratulations to George, all of the musicians in the orchestra, the composers, and soloists tonight. What a fantastic concert.
Ok I'm dun #TeamHeat jack!! We see whoever in the #Finals bring that shit
I luv it when Tuesdays go by fast.
I was singing Strip today and my teacher comes up from behind me and shouts "WHAT!?" I think she heard the whole thing... x3
You must fear and respect the elbows of the Senegalese Slayer.
Just came back in from a nice walk with my son and mother. It's so beautiful outside today. Spring is here and it time to whip out bbq grill
RT : Oh, goodie, is staying on for a few extra minutes to talk new film which shows murdering...
The nigga Harden still got your favorite Granddad's mouth doe
Welcome to all our new followers & thank you to everyone who gave to the #vaumc conference offering. As of Tues dinner, $108,500 collected.
On the grind! Let us know if you need a print quote.
Meeeeeh seen an absolutely perfect dress for like £150, reduced from £500 for prom and my mom won't buy me it. Karen, IT'S A FUCKING BARGAIN
Overslept this morning. Let me take my ass to work! Lol. Luckily for me I don't work for petty mf's ;)
Anyone ever use a respiratory endurance trainer, like a spirotiger or similar? Thoughts? cc , ,
I have the house to myself this weekend. Lots of #WPDev to be done.
Baseball: Lake Oswego takes 4-0 lead behind Reid Penney's two-run double, Max Gabriel's RBI single in 2nd inning over Canby
Are you going to be tweeting #SOTU?
It's not totally populated yet. Marilyn (spouse) isn't in it yet.
NOMMM. That makes me want to go to Walgreens and buy all their leftover Easter candy.
wait "baby moon" is that like a honey moon? Did you have the baby?!
It's hard to open up to someone, when they can't open up to you
haha...that is so gross, but so funny
I lOVE ladybugs! They eat pests in my garden. <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BB>
My fruit gives me some major chills
Saw a 3' snake just off the sidewalk on my lunchtime walk. Definitely discourages me from such activity.
Seems fair to me!!
one week till living directly on South St. Looking forward to it!
not so fast medical emergency right now with 1.6 to go in ot lakeland ball when we resume.
I will find humor in my everyday life by looking for people I can laugh at.
it is fine that you are mad at the people hating on you, but the word retard is offensive to say.
Paired black leggings with a Paris chic graphic tee and cozy knit camel sweater to walk to the coffee shop
Don't rush things... You might miss something good...<3
if i was a boy and you were a girl i'd love you so damn hard it'd make your hair curl.
Love, love, love lilacs. I need to plant my own!!!
Who went to see the vs Justin Vernon Show over the weekend? Reviews please!!
Woo! Getting followed Mr. Bunnell is a geek honor. I mean that in a completely honest and non-pejorative way :)
#IthinkMrsFryis Elvis Presley
Tony Bennett followed by Ella Fitzgerald. Got hippified w/ Dave Matthews Band then will bring SexyBack w/ JT.
Replaced the motor. Replaced the exhaust. Replaced the brakes. Starter exploded. Tranny next? Is it time to replace the whole darn thing.
Yes, that's it. I have an old Little League batting helmet for you. Double flaps, kiddo. I think you need them.
And this stuffy sniffly nose came from where exactly...? No. Not acceptable
shut up ..
Those 9 plus a traditional season finale type episode that transitions into the movie would be amazing.
My 6 year old put a 10 year old to sleep via RNC. Was I wrong to jump up and give a fist pump ???? Kids dad next to me thought so ...hahaha
Weekend WWE Schedule – Five Live Events, Next Week&#39;s TVs ...
GET OFF THE ROAD. just kidding. I love you girl :)
Work ethic know no limits!
Excited to share my Richmond slave cemetery project w Law & Humanities Wkshp , Mon. 4/16 at noon. Lunch provided :) Lmk if interested
Follow me this sexy Saturday@ lockland bar grill 713 Wyoming. We goin in that 1 way. Exotic entertainment all nite
Aw thanks :) you do know that you also make me really happy when ever you say that you love me and you show it !*)
I really like that I got up at nine today just to shower and go read outside for hours. Summer makes me happy.
I think the teachers who have changed my life deserve a good salary
I hope you feel better :)
RT Getting humanities into social data. Where is the DIY of Big Data happening?
I made you my everything and I was your nothing..
I want to wish all the moms out there a Happy Mother's Day! Especially to the one who put up with me. Love you Martha Jimenez.
Success is 99% attitude and 1% aptitude.
Looking forward to the Chili Cook Off! Great way to spend a Saturday!!!
GET ME OUT OF THIS CAR
I would like to come an break it down in your town!!
Damn I'm ripping Lexi so bad.
Got nerdy excited at seeing a test run of the metro expo line tonight at Jefferson and Fig
Love life. Love the people in your life. Live how you want. Never give up on your dreams, they are all you got.
This AC is finna put me under!
I Feel Like Working Out.
auto tune that shit
I spent the entire day politicking today. More people should endeavour in that field. It can be a very selfless act.
Tell anthony to shut the fuck up. Also. Go dl the screwed and chopped remix of the whole album Nd listen not sober. So tight.
As a former handler, from 1-10, rate how upset you get when Ralphie gets referred to as "HE."
I've decided. I want a Range Rover.
"People like to talk about themselves." Well, from my standpoint, it's the topic I know the most about.
hell yes!
Did your big poster get there yet?
that sucks I will yell twice as loud, doubt it will make up for your not being there but I will try
Happy Tuesday!! Say hello to someone new today!!
Passing thru Elkhart, IN. Shocked and saddened to see the RV Hall of Fame boarded up. So much for our anniversary plans...
Life's a bitch, so die for her.
Can someone tell me why #Soyuz is not trending? ? :)
uhh i dunooo. What about tomorrow afternoon/night?
I hope takes this as a compliment when people say he is having a Piers Morgan personality.
man liq goes perfectly with a cigar. May have to cop me one on the way home. Lol
That tupac hologram video is insane. It's crazy how technology can do that.
: ”what? No Story of Self? Who does he think he is?”
Great location for sign Now on to my torta!
The Wolves take on the Kings TONIGHT at the Target Center - and we've got great seats! Check 'em out!
I invented a new golf ball that will automatically go in the hole if it comes within 4in of it. DO NOT carry it in your back pocket!
I love putting them on after and look forward to it so much.
it wouldnt have to be that long cuz you're short
back, triceps and abs....bring on the summertime bikini!!
yo can u reserve some seats at the talented show from Knotorized Ent/Big Play Ent and some A&R's
United airlines continues to be the worst airline EVER. Nothing but trouble when i fly it.
You gotta do it like this....YUCK!
ok i think i have a pic
If only you saw what I could see...
Out here in Dallas for bar fights, it's packed!
is everybody ready!??
Well....no GON for me this year, oh well theres always next year :)
Welcome to the fold...
Have "they" uttered all kinds of evil against you falsely? Don't despair: you are the ones the world needs!
Thx RT : Happy for it to be friday! #FF ,
Knock Out Time Since…
Hi sweetie! So happy to see you here on Twitter. <3
it's different, but it's awesome! And the German people are just awesome! :)
5 RT's i will tell some stuff about my self.
Well alrighty then... Nice!
Dear gangster, if you pulled your pants up a little bit, you could probably run from the cops faster.
any graphic designers want to help me by creating a logo for me? I have no $$ due to unemployment, but can knit you something in trade. Thx
Make foreplay an all day thing. Kiss your partner throughout the day. Touch, hug, caress, etc.
“: when we gonna kick it loser” Idk , I'm grounded right now /:
Surprise night put with and
ewww. I don't want to know what that means...
she was like what? Are you serious? And I was like yupp ;)
Jenn Wasner and Erika Wennerstrom should collaborate. That way my mind can explode.
The main guy (dentist)'s story's also good lesson for all trying to get in showbiz -- find a skill outside of the industry!
i should be a marrige...counsler .they make lots of money and hell ive been threw it all.
bra get the fck on dude dnt even tweet bck man u kno da deal wit me if it aint bout yo daughter u can go tu hell if i care
"Austin has no fans." RT if you are a Mahomie.
TOO FUCKING DANDY.
Social media strategy is really only the tip of the iceberg. Success is all about executing and operationalizing.
Wow, those are nice. I bet we could sneak them into Neatline without too much trouble...
thanks Jo! Happy Friday!
NYE date night with the hubby at Ruth's Chris, if we're not having a baby tonight we're at least going to eat well! HNY everyone!!
Maybe I'm just illiterate or something, though. I need to see the second issue. There's such talent there! GAHHH! remorse!!
Def not going extinct. RT : So, what are you kids getting into this weekend? Let us know!
can Superstar+Reliable Sidekick+Role Players win it all in the NBA or does it have to be Superstar+Major Star+Role Players?
I forgot why this is happening?
They should have an #alwayssunny episode themed around #storagewars and them buying lockers, etc. That would very funny!
"The highest reward for a man's toil is not what he gets for it, but what he becomes by it."
We help our students become actors! What kind of acting are you interested in?
Just sent an email...hope we can get something resolved.
“: Putting on a im-thinking-real-hard face when the teacher is looking at me.” lmfao
Cole Camplese presenting on Community Enagagement: How Disruptive Tech Enabled New Social Learning. Starting now!
Most Business Plans suck because the revenue model is weak. We must know market size, transaction size, how much of the market we need
hahaha not only does this make me laugh but you would do that to me! Ahahh I love you and miss you!! :(
see imma learn my lesson about engaging basic people
I'm really good. Just studying for my world history test. How about you?
#SimpsonizersOwnTwitter trend it..(:
#Rizzles fans Sasha said she is shooting til September and currently is not locked into appearing at conventions.
No fun apps eh?
The only way to live is to accept each minute as an unrepeatable miracle - M. Jameson
SIT THE FUCK DOWN!!!
"In the shadow of death may we not look back to the past, but seek in utter darkness the dawn of God" -Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
I will try not to steal your lunch money. #undergrad :-)
you are a beast! #Patriots #nflplayoffs Go Patriots
ya be there on Saturday to root y'all on!!
it's officially winter in Cleveland! #snow couldn't hold back any longer!
. Patron is garbage "designer" tequila. Created by a hair dresser. Almost any tequila is better. Can't wait to try
that's a lot of green!!!
Josh Johnson is into the 7th with 2-1 lead. Great development for
Don't go that extra mile for someone who isn't even worth the run.
RT - Cleveland Indians bullpen ERA of 2.99 leads the American League
RT : CSI : Miami dont even come on tonight . . BLAH !
#20ThingsAboutMe 4. i don't get out much. :(
What is your favorite #DSLR camera for video?
Yes we did now back home chillaxin. What r u doin tomorrow
Morning! Can't wait to meet you at #BEEC2012!
u know u are old when u see Bo Derek at the wiz game and ur younger coworkers have no idea who she is
I keep meaning to break down and buy one. Maybe today I finally do it. I can't take another week of blechhh.
"why do you have a diary?" "to keep secrets from my computer"
blah, I wish I did so,bad
Yeah, no you won't!
oh yes you do
i keep asking wth am i doing to myself?!? looks like muscle confusion is in full swing. another day in the books.
literally am so obsessed with the movie and the book!
not over till it's over.
"See What Had Happened Was"
finally got me a new twitter couldn remember the old password lol
“: They say you are what you eat but i still aint pussy.” lmao
go the www.theeroticchallenge.com and check out the new hottie becca with pics shes super HOT
Thanks for all the retweets last week! It's great to have your support.
Girl Your just like a storm rainning on me your So Wet
lakers gone lose tonight watch!!!
1 of our faves! MT Really enjoyed dinner I'm not one for salads but spicy ahi tuna poke was a pleasant surprise
Ill do my best bro, Hope i can get you in Chicago! Also, i know you mix for FV but do you make beats? I wanna buy one from u guys.
The dox of doxes may be coming. Question is, will anyone care?
Every Monday through Friday 4pm - 7pm
Personally, Me and my Mom think Dawn should break up with Stiles and go back to Ty or date ignacio.
*starts shouting* YOU NEED TO CALM DOWN!!!
Okay! Im ready for summer! Lol!
Sketchfest is going to be PHENOMENAL! But don't wait til then to come visit us!
Hi there! Our full snapshot reports are one-time purchases, so you'd need to buy another later if you want more data.
Nothing as nice as a successful milestone delivery! On to UAT WOO! Break is over, back on your heads.
When you look into the ocean you can't see whats right in front of you, all you can see is what you have right now.
Arrived at event. Then off to route
Back to throwing up. If they don't fix him soon I'm losing it
oh, and the drum isn't off beat as thinks.. it's in 3/4 time
#latin for the day - Consuetudinis magna vis est. - The force of habit is great.
haha The Real L Word was itself a shit show!!
The guitar is a small orchestra.. It is polyphonic... Every string is a different color & a different voice.
If you believe you deserve the best, and I believe I deserve the best. Then why is it that we don't believe in each other?
Seniors don't leave!!!!
If you can't balance your campaign budget, how do you expect to balance the fed budget?
I have a big crush on
The movie 2012: someone says "you've got to see this," Cusack escapes a natural disaster, an old man says goodbye to their kid, repeat.
#Milan versus #Barcelona!!!
Be sure to tune in tomorrow at 3 pm to see Atlanta Dog Spa featured on the Cooper show!
Good judgment comes from experience, and experience--well, that comes from poor judgment.
Im glad to see NJ Senator Menendez stands with Dems for Healthcare Reform
I really appreciate that. Thanks!
HELLO ALL
“: And he always wears the red plaid shirt.... But it doesn't matter. #WineClub” NO IT DOES NOT <3
especially when ur wasted “: don't knock rotary phones, it gave you time to think why you were calling in the first place.”
You're welcome Bill - thank you for being in touch!
These talks are in the Empire room which is in the basement, so I have no phone service. Also, the conference is not providing free WiFi.
994... so close. suggest to friends please.
The Hometown Buffet downtown scares me silly. I have seen customers do really unsanitary things and the staff does nothing about it.
great seeing you today. The helmet looks great on my desk. Thanks.
This time they tweeted old, absurd, and meaningless
How are the resolutions going? Give yourself a long term goal to stay fit for all of 2011 and sign up for the Monumental Marathon
Is winter break supposed to remind you that being busy is actually a blessing? It's working.
my spirit animal is Rebecca Black
Headed to pick up some Hookah supplies for 2nite!!!!!!
its ok.. Ill help you think... Still the same as yesterday?
Thought of the day: Twitter account called just tweets COUGH COUGH WHEEZE
aye whats good?? if u wanna c my rappin vid message me !
It's a cascade thing!
oh dear god, I'm glad you weren't lol
mine too.
Brewers should probably sign this Pujols, he's a better fielder than Fielder
MSJ Alumni are having a blast at the pre-game party and cannot wait for the game to start. Look for us on the big screen
the only place in the world where long sleeves and pants are a staple in July! I miss Seattle, but not the lack of summer.
They say performing music is way artists are supposed to make their career in the future!
its nothing like that i been really busy that's all lol
I just need somebody to love, I don't need too much just, somebody to love <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
How is everyone's weekend going?
Glad porridge is not alone in hitting class snobbery, have often wondered about my beloved grits hitting US West Coast...
Nothing makes me feel sexier than having cherry red nails ;)
He always manages to surprise me somehow
I'm just not even going to reply. I have no words for him...or any of them. No words.
“: Watching keeping it 100 on ”
The women in my family are absolutely hilarious, family gatherings are the best <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Was just thinking I'd find a patio somewhere... Guess I'll stay in and watch the storm instead.
so excited to see u guys tonight!!!
to ensure he doesnt get verbal diarrhea of stupid in public like you MT Why does always rely on teleprompters?
We just broke up.
#OverheadBinSpaceWars... lol. If you have carry-ons, board ASAP
Registration for the 2011 Competitive Basketball League has been extended! If your team hasn't signed up, let us know - we still have room!
dont forget to follow my account ;)
yah, give it a go, it's not for everyone though...it is a vampire soap opera after all.
Don't beat yourself up. And, most of all, don't RT the haters.
Cant plan for shit
I love the show #DeadliestCatch I've done nothing but hard labor my whole life have delt with just about any an everything! Please
the cute little thing about a smile :)
education and learning is a journey to find the truth; we all have a stake in the truth and therefore a right to know what it is
BTW, and I had made a gentlemen's agreement regarding my involvement in prep soccer coverage about a year ago.
Nigga naw , you betta tell ms.Whatever her name is to drop bout 40 dollars in yo pocket ! AHA(:
You know what's funny? I already loved , & now learn she like REALLY makes hats (& I love hats!) www.chapeauxbysimone.com
me 2 it's a hurdle each day but by 7 + a latte all is good
will do will be working their 4 10 days in Jan.
Another exciting week at Haverford: Arthur Russell doc, Wild Combination, tonight (real film not dvd!); Tim Lawrence talk tomorrow!
RT : ": No guy wants a chick that every guy knows. Seriously.... It's not a good look."Kim k I love hoes like that
Heading home now, but the stream may be a few minutes late. Only traffic will tell.
i'm a huge fan of live music, and have consulted some in the music biz on web stuff, so i'm interested. i'll look for your email
something like that, yeah. It was used in reference to a lady spy (on Fringe)
No, I got a new number. But it's a boost mobile phone. It actually goes hard bro.
In theory, sure. Why not WebGL, though? Just need developer resources.
True love isn't Romeo and Juliet who died together, it's grandma and grandpa who grew old together.
Phillip Phillips <3 omg
do u have facebook?!?!<33
Oh my goodness, did it ever. A highlight of my year. I owe you one.
Rehab" The Photo Shoot Next Saturday!! Outfits are coming in slowly, purple lipstick, spiky hair, slits shaved on the side, curls on top.
There are peaks and valleys in life. Both are temporary.
I mean, I'm glad I get to see everyone and I know we'll have a good time. I'm just a little frazzled over the entire thing.
same to you love.. Enjoying Macon?
Ding ding RT : it's a money grab by trying to load with tournament teams and tv deals it looks like to me
Artists: don't just leave your cards and flyers laying on tables in venues... The only place they end up is in the trash...
Valentines day....that's about all I can say about that..
Love your computer desktop calendars! I always look forward to the beginning of each month so I can get a new one!
that's the spirit! TY! RT :
I wish life could be simplee.
Awww I want a new bieber blanket
VOTE on dancing with the stars. has made a huge difference in my life now lets try to make a difference in hers.
I'm good, how are you? I agree, yay Twitter!
Thanks for the heads up! Definitely interested in covering that.
Welcome back Gemini School! 1st day of class in Cedar Park,TX. Soggy,muggy& wet but lotsa creative juices flowing! www.geminischool.com
sure! Entire sites r abt knocking off brands.had 2 accept situation long time ago--tried 2copyright Eco-Chic Weddings (2004)
We will be having a mini work morning at Marion St Garden today 9:30-12 - you should stop by and say hello!
You light up myy world like no bodddyyyyyyy else
luv your tweets :)! be safe :)
You wrote on your eyelids just to watch the movie, didn't you?
Thanks for the mention!
Last minute Xmas shopping, looking for a sold out item.... Stressful!!
is killing on the drums and my brother romel on bass:-)
lmao omg I love your family :')
I'm sure I'm well enough to know WHO ? lol
Sounds good. Can you follow us? Won't seem to let me dm. Thanks!
yea i know i got my phone now he hit me up
I can think of about 100 adjectives to describe that M's game, but uneventful pretty much sums it up. For me at least.
Off to Chapel Hill. Doing the college dance again, this time with Mike. Like they say about childbirth, good thing we forget the details.
My mom: "why are these yoga pants in your hamper? I never saw you wear them?" Me: "hahah......well..."
Thanks to team for an exciting and productive #CoSN12!
Another reason to hate the Thursday night start. Loved the Saturday start for day drinking and corresponding drinking games.
You should move to DC. I haven't seen that many bowties and Sperrys since that one time I hid in your closet. You were asleep.
i miss yewww!!!
Hey Amanda - did anyone get back you? I can put you in touch with Molly & Esther so you can chat. =)
i met someone who has never seen seinfeld or friends!!! How is that possible?
How old is the concept of sustainability? Kesh looks to pre-industrial Persian texts
FOLLOW ME OH YEEAAA!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>.. Ooh wait.. those aren't lyrics... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Jesus said Matthew 5:17 he did not come to destroy God's Law but but to Fulfill it!, God's Said Leviticus 20:13 Gay is Abomination!
That looks like Alex is 60 years..
Ditto! RT : Holidays ... created to catch up on marking I suspect. Hoping to get a bunch of reading done as well.
a good word. patience with yourself. YOu're getting there :-) Proud of you.
- USA Today's FRONT PAGE "Is Syracuse the new Penn State?" ..... another tweet coming on PSU- breaking news in the last two hr
Thanks for the tweet yesterday, Elizabeth!
Sorry. It's really cool tho!
Omg, you say Omg? Omg, that's so cute. Omg.
MAVS fans wish you a speedy recovery, Lam!
John Mayer, you might be asleep, but your music is staying up with me.
Twitter search for "skokie library"
You made just as much noise when you were their age. That's just how kids be!
So I might have mites.
It is what it is what it is ..
Go follow for a free unicorn!
How many days do you have to spend on set with someone before they decide they want to follow you on Twitter? I'm cool !! :)
The new is pretty cool, really nice job on the UI. Also seems faster with better search. I use search constantly now in email.
I miss you grandad </3
or keep sending P off to work and be a "home making" as my bank calls me
Well, I mean, if would have written that, sure. Who is Ryan, though?
Promise someday i Will ;) Don't you have a minimum idea of how i look ? :S
My man Frank thanks for the #ff!
whats ur deal.. making indiscriminate comments on twitter gets ur point accross.. if u got a problem talk to me..
Great working with you too It is a challenge indeed to stand on the shoulders of writers like you, John Bealle, and Buell Cobb!
there is one good thing though....I definitely lost weight. Thank you, nasty sickness!
RT : it's because of BASHH that i met and they have saved my life this march and i owe it to BASHH
You are a Fab student, but I cannot honor your request. :)
Showtime literally has all the best tv series. Weeds, Shameless, United States of Tara, etc.
Studying medical terminology<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096> bo. But chances are I'll get a 100 on my quiz. Woohoo!!
#BWELA schedule begins tonight with a trip to The Bazaar, Jose Andres food heaven
Watching kids play and build castles with blocks. How did life become so rushed and complicated by the time 30s runs around?
Happy Mother's Day to all the mother's out there. :)
let's draw... ychelsearay
is it with pepper jack cheese?
Yes :) Even I will skip and sing when you come for visit :) Please do!!
Still cooler than an Otterpop
Can someone give me a WOOF?
Happy Easter<3
Yay for the current chaos in your workplace. :)
I missed the moon.
I wouldn't allow one of my people to let a customer leave angry over such a small amt, it does far more damage than is worth...
excellent read. Valid points, though not new. I understand the message of "one race". race v ethnicity: semantics?
It'll get better
Thanks! Wouldn't miss Mad Men for anything, starting the week with a little Roger Sterling philosophy, brilliant! Lol!
5th-wheeling of somewhat of a double date...
Design number 1 coming up shortly! Help us decide which design we should use for our upcoming #oneforone campaign!
i thought #krazyglue was supposed to solve almost everything
the best trash talk comes from mutual respect
you've been where with who
Daniel Rolnik interviews Mat Gleason on the genesis of Coagula for our blog, Argot + Ochre. It's a podcast too. Oh co.
perhaps I'll let u know thx dude
Glenn loves hot rods! Looking forward to the Atlanta International Auto Show March 14-18. We've got a special rate of $179 - 1-800-228-9290.
RT : Great time at LifeQuest today with Awesome worship and surrender to God's authority!!!
I'm so sorry babe! Praying hard for you & your family. You know I'm here for you...anything you need. <3 XOXO
Teriyaki House on Boylston. I miss it so much. Great (and cheap) food-perfect for a college student!
I'm doing my readings for information sources and services class
I want to learn a rap and then be able to do it like a boss
Amazing Easter w/ my amazing Aaron! ;-)
Filner starts by correcting: he's not against expansion of Convention Center.
Of Mice and Men > your life
I do it because I can, I can because I want to, I want to because you said I couldn't.
Bradley sees Mayweather as vulnerable; wants him ... - Boxing News
"wounds are hard to heel. You just have to move forward and be patient. Good or bad things will all work out."
any rumored dates for the buckethead bash?
u def used that 1 on me dick !!!hahah
yes, Bunko..I believe it is the way suburbia moms get together for fun in the Midwesheard about it long ago & have avoided it!
Theyll be battles, theyll be scars, but they cant shatter a love like ours.<3
Yeah, almost. Babe look at my bio x)
nada really , just gone chill
Happy hour all day today! Want even more good news? Come in and use the password "cummerbund" for half off your first drink!
Request "Old School" to start off your day!
yikes... doesn't sound fun. in better news, mubb game tonight! will you be there?
lame niggas be quiet, you in a real nigga presence !
I have the craziest most realistic dreams when I fall asleep on my couch. I beg myself to wake up in hopes that they are only dreams. Smh
In Qualls defense for staying away from Ankiel, Ankiel has a really good arm
She said she's single for the night
No teacher in 113C !!!
trying to write a new weather blog but new website software is not agreeing. Maybe can help me out!
You scared me.. I felt so bad, I thought your birthday was today and I didn't wish you a happy birthday! I almost cried!
I'm bringing it up to invalidate your point. For every tit at ucla UK has a tat. Only difference is it's still happening at UK.
#Madison #WI donated 70+ heads of #Hydroponically grown #Lettuce to - Now its time to rock some #Basil!
cut ALL the whores!
i feel ya! 26k+ (i dont delete as much as i should, but im good at ignoring) i <3 archive
Can I change the default auto-generated image resize of the HD theme? I'd like to have 'resize_2400x1280'
that's what I got, too! it all looked a little on the ikea side if you ask me.
I would have stopped by if u were at anywhere other then LW
Lots of spammers tweeting me suddenly. What's the deal? Report as spam all you spamming bitches!
Sometimes all a girl needs is peace and quiet to feel better...
“: If they make a #LosRockies jersey, I'm getting one.” dude order me a cargo !!!
Treat guests~Treat yourself~Melt in your mouth beef+BEST MARTINI MENU IN TOWN+smooth Jazz Duo 7:30-9:30pm=Holiday Revelry !
congrats to you all!!! Xoxo
one of these days me and my bitches gon take a trip to new york!!!
Digging the new design of your website!
I may dance like a sober white boy, but I'm perfectly good at it.
I seen you! You find ur car?
Acme Hotdogs has heavenly Chocolate Dipped Pretzels (individually decorated) from Appalachian Granny! Pick some up today!
It was a complete and thorough fail by the last night in their handling of the games. Turner has plenty of networks: SHOW THE GAME
good call, we miss you!
If you guys would be willing to give us a #FF mention today, that would be all kinds off awesome
written proof Obama's Kenyan. Go to my twitter page and find the link
Would love opinions on the sites with the best #customerservice though I hope we are one, we can always improve.
yes, I knew Bill was retiring. I haven't heard of anyone. Maybe I could apply?
Um no.
(Rich) Re-investigation is on for 10:30pm eastern this Saturday! Watch for tweets on location! Good activity last time.
Set your minds and keep then set on what is above. Good day!
RT : partner Lori Lubinsky did an excellent job arguing case today in Wisconsin Supreme Court. Hot panel.
"There's no way he would have known that about you." "I bet he googled me!"
For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son.
Oy. iPhone 4 is dying, but iPhone 5 (allegedly) doesn't come out til October... WHAT TO DO?!?
#WeWereCoolUntil you couldnt take a joke no more haha
Really hoping I get a car for my birthday #nissanaltima <U+E40D>
I Am Number Four that's all I'm going to say...epic, epic movie. I highly suggest seeing it
Foodies are confused people who don't really like eating and can't really cook. They prefer to look at food & talk about it.
Gettin real pissed at the moment.......... tired of ppl havin a ratchet ass attitude I ain't even do nothin
Flyering during JJ Swing at the Taste of Buffalo went great. We only danced one song and then passed out flyers. Ppl were clamoring 4 them.
#GWAS or get rejected from Stanford, Cornell, Dartmouth, Washington
..if i don't get married be the age 25 , will someone put me down (kill me)
Good night my beautiful people<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
WHEN YOU USE CAPS I YELL IN HEAD, an how is it?
Yo guys, Check out for some sounds that are pleasing to the ear!
The stuffed browns are a meal in themselves! Chock full of pulled ham and cheddar or provolone and basil.
it's understandable for u 2 b a lil scared but its fun! Atleast go and if u wanna do it, do it, if not then don't, u kno...
Hey all! I'm back after a long hiatus, and guess what: I'm the new Web Manager for the !
"Would you like that on a muffin or a biscuit?" "What are you? New? Muffin"
- I remember 1st time I walked around Chicago @ night. I saw a critter I thought was a cat. It wasn't. It was a big city rat!
exactly, I'm not saying she's bad its just that shes overrated
all I can say in my defence is chocolate cake. #belowtheline staying strong & focused on last day
Not going to lie, I'm loving this hotel
I DOnt hate on all! ppl Just like 6 ICONiacs
So there's two niggas in the car infront of me smoking a blunt and they're laughing like maniacs lmfao
we need to work together when you get back in the city
Hey Busy Bee! What are you doing for YOU today!?
Make money from the comfort of your home! No Experience Necessary, Weekly Pay, Training Provided. Call at 4pm 218-548-0886 Code: 417091#
Messing with a man that got a gal <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB>will only get u a wet<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A>pussy<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>n a broken<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Beating the drums for Hawaii is not hard to do... the place just grows on you. -James MacArthur
Campus Life College Ministry presents "iRock" a night of music, comedy, & spoken word January 20th
First sunshine in i can't remember when. No time for indoors! Off to the Jardin Luxembourg to soak it in.
hard 2 b mad at them for that, it's taking up floor space for more valuable products to the store
thanks so much for the love, Yul! Let us know if u can make it, we'd love for you to see it!Either way, see you at Ninth&Joanie!
I strive to be the best no matter what every single day of my life...
I never knew what all the fuss was about. But now Everytime I see the burger king commercial <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> yes please! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Got cool #Spurs pics or vids? Show them off @ www.SpursConnect.com #1 social network for #SpursFans! Join - Share - Win Tickets #GoSpursGo!
"This is a slide projector and a bedsheet!! And what on Earth is a Cebu anyway?!"
I shit in the house again and got in trouble. I say fuck you. Wake up and feed me on time.
Crispy chicken.....fresh lettuce
Well he here go again, living in world others cannot share... High on emotion XP
very tough loss for the tonight. Just another coulda woulda but didn't on the books. Need to grow up soon!
I am a jewelry designer from Pittsburgh and would be interested in designing for the fashion show
Finally watching The Perfect Storm. 40 minutes in. EXTREMELY SCHLOCKY.
hot tan blonde girls with the little cursive writing tattoos on their ribs, i dont care what it says its just amazing
Dr Walinski is on channel 6 RIGHT NOW! tune in!
We gots to do our own thang!
I can't imagine what people think we are even talking about...if they are reading our tweets! Rofl :)
same here!
There are so many things i want to tweet, but alas i only have 140 characters. and that aint enough to tweet what i just noticed...smh..smh
We can't wait either! See you there.
#sschat I've had students make own rubric for participation - works well!
Thx for shoutout for our event. I'll be the only leader attending tomorrow, hope we get a good turnout.
Just drank my Nyquil now calling it a night!! A great night it was!! With my sick man voice!! Lmao haha
Not now, but you can text me when I get my cell phone. I just have my home phone now -_-
Constantly amazed by seeing hipsters in #rva. Really, folks? I guess it's a confirmation of that article listing us (and #cha!) as next
good to know... [insert creepy laugh]
Can anyone recommend a good crossword puzzle App or two?
Happy Friday! We hope everyone has a safe and enjoyable weekend! :)
What's that?!
Just watched #GnomeAndJuliet - awesome kids movie - Brought be back to #LionKing :)
hahaha oh please. I grace you with mine. I'll drive next time you buy, "get in loser we're going shopping" <3
Hey Steve, thanks for tweeting and posting the infographic! We were surprised at some of the comparisons.
Lol. No is just not ready!
“: #SALUTE great music!”thanks alot!!!
Trey songz- heart attack<U+2764>
Hi, I like Harry Potter also. What other fantasy movies do you like? Do you like fantasy novels?
Ugh 70's psychedelic rock. Try harder Raleigh .
Thanks! I can't believe how much is going on that day.
RT : Welcome to the entire crew! PRT : Brushing up on my mad Adobe skillz! Thanks (w/ )
Man. I'm bored.
-Speaking about main street America- the new poor. Huge shift and crisis that needs to be addressed.
#NowPlaying LMFAO - Sexy and I Know It
yes lol i was both :-) and you?!
DC: 9 Days till G DAY! We'll "be" dancing in the streets!!
If you were a NASCAR driver, who would be your four sponsors?
What is Sarah Silverman doing on TUE April 3rd? I have it marked on the calendar today, with no details. ???
Gym Tan Lax
Np thanks for following back :))
Just announced: w/ and live at The Loft! Friday November 4th! Visit tkgmusicgroup.com for info
I'm sorry\: I'm so busy in rl
yes but at least his drawn well, they are just excessive. K-Mart's look like they were done in his cousin's garage
good to see you made it on to #Twitter, Chef!
That kid who always catches the HR balls to CF in Texas is awesome. Makes every play. Looks like Kenny Powers' nephew, too.
#cscfest today! can we get a retweet! See you there!
Eastburn. I blame google.
#justsaying it feels like a PTV day.. Perhaps
do tell!
Until this moment I never realized that Fred Savage and Ben Savage are brothers.
ya know, I tell her that all the time. But does she listen? Nope.
thats why i dont wanna go wiff her[x
ok. And the Geico commercial? Yeah it just came on not too long ago. Haha
#WhyDoiAlways feel akward in public places.
Interesting presentation on conceptions of the diva among contemporary young women by Sue Cronshaw and Jan Brown.
Your starting to build a good portfolio! Send a email to w/ the type of shoot you'd like to do!
I'd wear my contacts more often but I just don't see the point of needing to see a crow get electrocuted by a telephone pole 86 feet away.
now that sounds amazing!! Would you invite me? :)
So sad my Lakers lost
that last tweet asking about refreshments: it's the #MarriageAmerica conference in Orlando. Please come through w/some goodness!
Jurich winked at our suitor. Most people won't ask to dance unless they already know the answer. B12 is courting the other "hot chick" now.
Crazy storm earlier lol funny same ish happening on Doug.
Welcome to the new Timeline.....
Watching Family Guy lol Don't you just love Stewie????? :D
Fan identity crisis
Saw #NeverSayNever last night! Very inspiring and so cool to see working w/ a vocal coach! Take care of that voice!
thanks 4 the follow
#whiskeytango tonight. We got your Friday night covered. Food, fun, entertainment and #freeparking on the street. Fuckette on stage!
I hate it when you're playing hide and seek and you have to pee immediatly after you hide.
As the Deer and You Are My All In All are both stuck in my head so bad right now...
Saturday=College Football Sunday/Monday/Friday= NFL Other days= boring
me too
murdered that paper.. now off to play the piano for a little while!!
omg that hail is huge!
Thx! It's baby #2. Hoping friends & fam don't think, "Eh, she's done this before & doesn't need any help/taco boxes this time."
bored @ my friends house...again. at least i got patrick with me.
happens to me all the time
Hello, three day weekend, great to see you.
Ohh Vickie please stop shouting, I have a headache already
Secret to social media: follow everyone that follows. :)
#PennAW follow rain plan for Commencement today!
Goodmorning my Sweeties, have a bless day, kp ur head up and smile for me.... XoXo
Jelly has a cute belly! Congratulations and momma and poppa and to you!
Looking for an internship? Brand Ambassador positions are still open! Email
hahaha! How so?
I just wanna walk in the ocean.
maybe in canada?!
I earned the Ten Pound Club badge on Lose It!
I love everything about you when your sleeping and your mouth is shut
are you going to the game tomorrow?
Mike is enjoying Abed the most so far, I think.
Share your wedding horror stories with us...will read your tweets on-air tomorrow morning.
Eating tofu veggie scramble with doggie!
RIP Dick Clark..loved watching you on American Bandstand:(
Maybe shouldn't televise #bernanke today for the sake of the markets
On a side note, we didn't hear about how tired the Pacers were tonight playing 4 in 5 nights in 4 cities.
On average people fear spiders more than they do death. How curious is that?
yes that's better
“Love is the only sane and satisfactory answer to the problem of human existence.” Erich Fromm
shout out to for encouraging girls to love who they are!!!!
hey! there's a lot of readers & writers on twitter. :) any of you good folks know review sites that do thrillers (preferably e-format)?
Radelet: "A lot of this story of economic growth is centered around South Africa. The end of #apartheid led to big economic changes."
I love banana pudding. You never know what you're gonna get: a pudding covered banana slice or a pudding covered wafer. JOY! ^.^
before I opened pix, I thought it would be red velvet cake!
The day I draft my will is the perfect day to electrocute myself!!
Very excited to order the new book from Still one of my favorite pinch hitters and one of the best walk-up songs ever.
Is there a way to listen to this now that it's over? Podcast maybe?
RT - Thank God! Football has started here, will stop watching a disaster called Indian Cricket team in Eng! Go New England Patriots!
Count me in to win! I'd love it... #VZWprepaid 4 a chance 2 win: Samsung Illusion or 4G Jetpack!
I Mean Fan.. im not the Real I kno i have the Same Name as Him.. I'm just an Fan thats Very Inspired By Him.. =)
Whoa! We have 79 followers! We shall make it 80 :)) Thanksso much guys for the support! We will post more vids in January, taking a break.:)
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to TRY
New York #Knicks are up on the #Bulls 25-22 at the end of the first. Fresh off his 44 pt game, Melo has 11 1st Quarter points.
"The choice you make makes you" says
Woo ! lol young crew ! O_o wait what ? young crew ? lolololol
why is it that every time i see smile i die a little inside? :) <3
lol just read my mentions
Dent: Forced to reconceive of refugee camps as permanent places, not temporary as once thought.
my right leg is bigger than you little guy - keep showin them "muscles" tho
not even close.!xD
Thanks! Her name is Jen Flanagan. Haute Heads in La Jolla. She's amazing - AND she's my cousin! Call her at 858.729.0846.
and you're jealous cause nobody's ever heard of north posey and they'll never sniff a sectional title... haters gon hate
#tkts get your $20 tickets for the otherwise sold out run of for THIS TUESDAY at 1 pm at Theatre 46th St
hey tyler!!!!! omg i love your videos :)
loving dad cutting on Wendell Sailor :D.
bro i downloaded the PONPONPON music video...oh,yeah...you know what we're gonna spend our first period doing xD
posted some thoughts about _The Game of Life_ & scale to 's post; thanks for the invitation!
Tweet us your NBA Playoff questions and we'll answer them live with Canzano tonight on Sports Sunday.
need wig tomorrow & the beard thurs. its for a commercial thats being shot. need to know asap. email: sfgiantsfans2012
Also my nickname for all my shoes! A very trashionable if not fashionable collection.
MYC adult leaders don't forget we have a meeting tonight 6pm! Spread the word!
how can we reach the top together
A special thanks to for introducing to our product!
Today is just one of those days where all the wackos are out and about
RT: The only person who cannot learn anything is the one who already is convinced that he knows everything.
RT : The interview just ended. It was magnificent. Julia is awesome.
Eggs aren't dairy.
whatup young reynsies, you better hit me up soon. And keep showin out tomorrow
I need three jobs... maybe it will help the family, right? Then I can help myself become a singer instead of having to wait.
the weather is bad..at least she wanna be around me...where ur folks at??? all of them lef yo ass
Watching the national college cheerleading championships & i swear 1 of the teams used one of adam lambert songs as a remix 4 their routine
I can't load the conversation. What was that in reply to?
tumblr and twitter only right now c; lol i ll check my fb in a lil ~
Hey thanks! We appreciate you taking the time to listen! Keep in touch
My first mixtape coming out soon MARCH 29th the big day for me...... called....IT'S ME.....its crazy......hope you guys get it.....peace...
Free ride to the party. sweet!
This AMC version has story notes - right up my alley!
Came this close to wishing I had a TV.
I called Starbucks today.... Once the servers are updated points will be updated and will be ok. You didnt lose points.
FACT:Clear Channel's parent company was taken private in '08 by private equity firms Thomas H. Lee Partners & BAIN CAPITAL.
dim sum. Hmm. Great idea.
love your pic!! Is BROOKLYN in da house!!!
all beliebers if u love justin as much as me follow me i love and support justin now and always from the beginning to the end luv justin!
Come by and try one!? RT : This is the best thing ever RT : The OREO gets the haute treatment courtesy of...
thats that hurt!
no problem. sorry to trouble you friend.
Missing my baby ughh I hate that I can't go a day without being with him ...smh
Yep, that's going make things interesting for sure.
hi thanks for following tell your friends about us
Now I kinda want Mongolian grill
Edward Norton was really asking, "How did they make Death To Smoochy?"
Joy is born through love and spread through laughter.
#WeirdCitationProblem: citing both the score and recording of a piece (thus, same author and title) in the parenthetical citation
Meeting for IAP 2.0. Building a team - much awesomeness transpiring. Very excited!
What is wrong with baby napper going out the front doorAfter comin in window,lites on bcoz man come home late sounds OK.
The law must now treat in a 'humane way' an individual who is 'outside nature' (whereas the old justice treated the 'outlaw' inhumanely)
The station beat me to it, but glad you got a response
#IfItWasntForFootball I would have no time with my girls!!! Thank You Football. : )
Lol except they just cut out half-way through the song.
#ATL is sick on the music talent met a ton of great people!
thx for entry!!
Go to www.watchnhllive.com for all the NHL games live online just register and enjoy the games!
need help getting my husband to follow you? i`ll help u out
Very encouraging to meet people that have heard of CityStreak in Nash and are excited about what we are doing!
I found a catipiller and I named him Steven
Very cool pic!
Sore from working out, kind of want to get a membership at planet fitness though
you should meet then
Meditation is food for the soul...
In an otherwise totally silent airport how is it there are always annoying girls talking right behind you?
Entrepreneurship 101: find the pain, sell the relief.
Any time we lose stations, it puts a step closer to extinction on the radio, and that's what the "powers that be" want!
lol im planning a tattoo party the same day...no JP but I got you and Im throwing a party 2nd week of April for rere
what time?
I'm starving guess I will cook breakfast
yeah it rained like that for 2 hours! And I had to throw on some jeezy!!
*Earned income credit has no effect on certain welfare benefits.* *
There is no limit to ideas when it comes to creating custom T-shirts
is it a distraction from your mission or a distraction from your personal time?
yep. just comfirmed its WITH you..shit sorry. ignore the previous tweet.
u are totally welcome Cant wait to get some stuff made. Maybe when I'm in Nash next we could all chill! Have a good rehearsal!
RT : REPORT: Jets have interest in Tim Tebow. You know what that means- another extension for Mark Sanchez...
Pool party in the Sherman Oaks hills!!
She works in cultural heritage and was citing her own research, so not sure from presentation, but I'm assuming from that sector
“The only true wisdom is knowing that you know nothing.” Socrates
& welcome to the community!!!
Come on boys - keep chipping away! This isn't over...
Well, the weather has finally rebounded to close the season average! Great to see the sun. Now is the time for you to be getting the firs…
looks like Jesus don't want him for a sunbeam.
definitely. He actually was good before but now he is right underfoot. My own clumsy fault.
thanks x
Do you think Seattle will try to counter offer Flynn?
No better way to recover from yesterday than with a Sunday live Jazz Brunch and a Make-Your-Own Bloody Mary bar
I do know. Oh how I know.
The usage of the best printing company is must if high class CD jackets printing are required.
If you want to bring real representation to Irving join us today at 5p for our weekly phone bank. Our campaign office is at 2912 MacArthur.
Herbert Hoover spoke Mandarin Chinese fluently; he lived in China as a young mining engineer.
Nice article on how plans to make Baltimore the epicenter of #edtech in this month.
Catching up on my favorite show. Revenge.
I See U Talk And Follow Ur Fans Back!!! Am I Lucky Enough To Be The One????
“: An elephant will use its penis as a 5th leg to support its weight when necessary.” really?! I do that too!
I don't think are the ones you need to convince. :)
Thursday works. I arrive I think in the afternoon thurs and head back out Sunday noonish /cc
We used to think was an unreliable source to get news. Now it seems like they are more reliable to believe then big conglomerates
new holes at pitman golf course
Working on a new pool house concept... Activity on "accessory" buildings is up a lot!
It's a party up in here. Got a 21 yr scotch in hand, headphones on, and in bed watching the game next to a sleeping
you got that rite
No! It's too cold outside :(
Record number of employers & students at our career fair tonight! Record level of tiredness from this advisor. Still, an exciting day!
Happy birthday to my cousin Lauren who is on glee! At her party right now!
Be careful who you call your friends, I'd rather have 4 quarters than 100 pennies.
#FollowFriday Asia's largest MMA organization and network
Thank you all who came out to support the Afro-Haitian modern class. Again we hope you guys had a good time!!! See you next Sunday!!!
I can't believe you just said that about my class -facepalm-
we just launched our new website!!! yayy!! www.momentumcleveland.com
I think 1 in 1983 RT : lol...Yeah those five rings will make ppl mad...lol. Does Ripken have one?
Happy Saturday!! Don't forget beginning in March we are open on Sundays!! Reserve your appointments now!
A dream with out a goal is just.... A wish
library of congress retrieval rate for ft. meade off site storage is close or at 100%. nowhere near that for regular stacks.
Don't settle for less when you capable of doing GREAT in life, God said in his own word that anything is possible
Times goes by a lot slower when you miss the one you love
Intention and action? The gap between them much wider than you think!
if you weren't there did you get a locker?
wear you hair just for him cause you won;t get him thinkin and a parayin, wishin' and a hopin'
I don't know whose words were worse Delman Young or his attorney, Daniel Ollen, citing privileges because "he is a world famous athlete".
#yobitv Are you having technical difficulties ? because ive been tweeting and I dont see my tweets. School me im new to this?
What a sick goal! Datysuk is making things happen out there, congratz to Nyquist on his first NHL goal.
great hang! Cant wait till u rock the lounge tomorrow thanks for the follow
I'll be pleasantly surprised when it's Friday at 5!
And most importantly don't tweet about your drama...
#FF awesome authors
Hopefully it's a good one for you! COme and visit one of best and brightest
Its run by wix, right? I'm not a big fan of how they run websites. Just me though.
“: What, specifically, does it mean to be "riding dirty"?” driving w/ drugs, guns, warrents, ect ect.
Wow! That is really sad!
Kids today cannot read cursive #dpla... this impacts access and research in older collections.
(c) IM NOT JOKING! I KNOW UNLIKE OTHERS WHO VINNY IS AND TONY SO SIT DOWN AND WORRY ABOUT YOUR OWN FREAKING SELF! k thanks bai!(:
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy people who say the miami heats
Studio Session with &
He was amazing at the last event. We didn't let him play only sing because of his carpal tunnel. So..yes..def on the invite list
Watching you on younow right now (: follow me back please? (:
thanks for tha ad.
what hurts so much is the excitement of 4-0. thinking wow we can really do this. and then it was like a punch in the stomach.
Define your mission & understand the impact you need to make on society then innovate to accomplish. ~michael edson
thank you
Looking forward to heading to DC for the week!
Cool! I really like the packaging idea you had.
None. Nicklaus won in 1966 which would have been Easter, but it went to an 18 hole playoff
I'm a business man love! Don't take it personal. I could care less bout da beef. I'm strictly bout da paper.
Legally changing my name to "This is commercial towing vehicle 'Nostromo'"
was good bro lol
so what you gotta do is find out who is charge of it and send me his info.
Watching #TheVoice in eastern time tonight. I'm slightly addicted.
TINY BEAR CUB. THAT'S NOT AN EXUSE.
i think we were joking ediblesd :) altho i supposed there is no way to prove or disprove it
Questions re on : 1. What options viz Pakistan did Obama give up by increasing troop levels? 2. What troop level >>
sorry aha next time, it was only half a water bottle full
because you was retarded?
um that can't be good lol!
I'm going to stab my eyes out
#nowplaying maps - yeah yeah yeah... -_-
Act like a lady, think like a man...Happy Beernes!
All due respect to OU and OSU, Boise etc. There should be a rematch for the national title between LSU-Alabama
Seeing people change isn't what hurts. What hurts is remembering who they used to be.
What an awesome game last night! Did everyone enjoy the Superbowl as much as we did?
Piers your interview with Goldie was refreshing! She handled your thought provoking questions w/grace
Yesterday I saw "The Raid: Redemption" but I was nodding off from lack of sleep (movie is NOT boring) so I kinda feel like I dreamt it.
you're a funny tweeter
would that web developer happen to need PHP/Drupal skill sets?
Because its important!!! Lol. Not...
I'm getting a report that a crowd is waiting outside the Nike Store at MOA. Apparently the new Jordan's have them fired up!
New race grp actually selling tix. They say. “: Race On says they will begin selling tickets to the Baltimore Grand Prix May 28.”
watching jersey shore relaxing...im in the mood for some rice and beans..
I have finally figured out Why my hands always have cuts on them
worse night of work so far. bout to go celebrate bushmans 18th birthday though, should be fun! :D
I love 's story tweets.
makes me blush when we talk. ;D
yikes! Hope you made it safe pal!
I still can't believe and played with Frank Ocean this year at Coachella. Too cool.
Yes indeed, Bethany , you formulated the witty "I Done Good." Not sure how to correct the oral record...
I've always said that if i could quit one bodily function, it would be sleeping.
Great insights from dinner: Marketing initiatives around particular brand attributes more manageable and measurable
I have tried my best n gave my best effort i luv u 4ever n always n plzzzz follow me <3:) xoxoxoxo Luv your biggest fan!!!!!
In this life we cannot do great things. We can only do small things with great love. - Mother Teresa
I hate tied third period hockey.
He who has a thousand friends has not a friend to spare, while he who has one enemy shall meet him everywhere. -Ali bin Abi Talib
Happy Christmas Heavenly Angel!
S/O at new twit fam
We hope Peanut makes it home very soon!
when does rags premiere
Nothing makes me feel like a good citizen like a 10 a.m. liquor store run. (bringing mimosas to brunch)
every murder has and is a story. I suggest turning off the tv, that is something you have control over
my sleep patterns are fucked up
any plans for a tour stop around Washington DC?
IS SINGING ALICIA KEYS !! 2 TONES HIGHER THAN ALICIA NOTES !! LOL
! ": Just Announced: DEAD MAN WINTER in the Entry on Thursday, May 10."
We brought all the kids! Let's hope I don't go crazy!
you gotta pay the crown to win a crown - RT :
Sounds great ... See you tomorrow
says community plans have not been updated since 1970s and 1980s
It's better here... #ComeVisitSoon :)
One more final tonight then back to Columbus!
Just woke up from a nice hour nap #relaxing :)
connection test
Gracias for the mention
*sigh* yeah we need to pack something maybe our minds? We lost them somewhere when we went crazy
still need to see more??
Third-quarter U.S. GDP growth came in at 2.5%, much stronger than consensus forecasts
Seattle they missed out on
You know those moments in life when you realize you already have everything you ever wanted? For me - that moment was today.
Spending the day with my mom!
That's just silly... (sighs) but the good content ones, can always remember to put on queue to read.
Joshua Joshua Joshua.
Its Island Night!! $3 Coronas and $4.50 Margaritas.
Down goes Overbay.
what's new? Haven't talked in forever...
Our first Strategic Sales Customer is on board! W.allerentconsulting.com
it's getting better :)
I've a sick little girl today so if anyone has any queries please direct emails to the general aimagencypr address - which all staff access
Hahah YES. True story, my grandma has a picture of him next to Jesus in her house.
menus printed. Wines are waiting. Sitting in the newly finished wine room. Cannot wait. There will be bubbles!
sugar...spice...&& everything nice
No worries. I'v done the same. aha. damn twitter app needs to get it together! >,<
I'mma tell u "one time" Justin drew Bieber is "Down to Earth" in "My World" "Baby!" ;)<3
When things finally go your way ....
Is anyone else getting DMs like this: haha i cant stop laughing, your facial expression here is priceless!
One week away from the big batch of We can't wait to see how it turns out!
very rich mom. Her fiancee died in a plane crash. I buy it and her 100%!
Not yet but I'm sure she will soon.
I was listening to music I didn't hear u
Avg redemption rates for mobile coupons is 5-15% vs. 1% for regular coupons
tomorrow gonna eat out with my dad,and with my grandfathers :D family moments without my mother: c
The weather sure has been beautiful lately. What’s your favorite place to explore and take photos at around #RVA? Belle Isle? Maymont?
we are not the same i am a martian
Whens does the "bumps in feefos whip tees come out" lol
Guys, I can't get Klouchebag to work. Can someone tell me what I am?
lmfao my bad!
I live for little moments like that <3
text me about saturday because i'm on facebook and you didnt send me.one ): (:
Well. Damn.
Enjoy 50% Off at bars with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
Do you know any good local restaurants in Indy? I am downtown and could use a suggestion.
Thst why I rather not want to deal with anyone at any level as friends, relationship or some family It's because the shit on you if they can
lol you are going ham on someone right now
RT : In my 30 years this is what I've learned about women: 1.) "No" means no 2.) "Maybe" means no 3.) "Yes" means maybe
do u have holidays??
RT : 57% of marketers welcome social media users involvement and participation with their brands -Extra Mile Research
yes sir you are correct.
#BackInElementarySchool "Bubblegum, bubblegum, in a dish, how many pieces do you wish?"
So cheesesticks and chicken
I'm looking for a breakfast grits casserole in case you have a recipe I can try this weekend!
Again, account was hacked. Don't click on link in a private message from me - even if you have lost weight.
Ugh, still feeling really sick after 2 weeks. At least I slept well last night. Time to get some work done
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! <U+2665> <U+25D5><U+203F><U+25D5>
I'm out there looking for love but maybe the love I have for you is telling em something.
Ah puppy did so good !
good singing and comedy on tgif by the way i have internet lol
Flying Southwest to San Diego for #csa12. The buckle was too tight. I had to loosen it.
we almost got a new puppy! Luckily for u he belonged to someone. (who leaves their dog to run around a Wendy's parking lot)
Can any of y'all estimate log base 10 of 2000 factorial for me? I.e., how many digits in 2000! ?
Wait, people that get cancer are trying to set themselves on fire?! RT : If you get cancer go to the doctor, don't go to Tibet.
not as great as
Thanks man! Its available online of course but we'll get u a fresh pressed copy soon! Its a new sound..
I seriously want answers. What was that? Some kind of lame Texas highschool football locker room? I don't get it.
Watching les mis. Sweet mother of jonas... staying for
This kid is annoying, aye aye.
follow me please
oh god
You have to try the boiled crawfish. They look creepy but they taste wonderful.
Out of $550 NLH. Down to 1/3 of entrants. No action on my big hands and coolered in other spots.
I usually wouldn't put myself out there like on the last tweet but its the truth
Send me a picture please!!!
The app downloads them into the app and as far as I know there's no way to get them out. Your pc just uses your iTunes.
Pascoe's book "Dude, You're a Fag" does a great job demonstrating this point about school violence labeled as "homophobic."
u can say that shit again
The ‘Gator’s strong point is a luxurious interior with ample space for passengers in all three rows
Don't leave her if you can't let her go..
Seattle's Conversations Live ... link above! Thanks for asking.
hey brahh I'd appreciate a shout out I need help with followers
That moment when you try not to itch something and right before the itch went away you scratch it
All the teens in my Talk To Teens wanted to read Ready Player One, too, Elena! Peer pressure!
when will you be releasing this in the US?!?!
RT" Very disappointed in Judge Flanagan's decision yesterday. I'm the only one allowed to break the rules in WI.
Stop acting like your so cool. We all hate you.
im in RB ... not too close to where i work but i will try
I attended your class Friday night at Kicks Unlimited in Middleton, WI. Had a blast. Thanks for visiting our area!
You're welcome Ron-luv that quote by F Scott Fitgerald! Have a great weekend!
yooooo let's do this
Just registered .
I just texted u foo and they told me wrong number!!! Lmao
What day do you leave? :)
I'm #thankful for a wonderful and loving boyfriend who always knows how to make me feel better
Just got home really tired for some reason wish my girlfriend was here with me smhhhh
Recap for UFC 138 coming? Your 137 take was good.
And thanks, Lisa, for suggesting search.twitter.com, which I didn't know about-though I've found iPhone apps that do this.
I might be going to bed at 10pm on a Friday night
FOLLOW ME!? Pleasssseee!?(;
No fucks shall be given today.
When I zig zag I need a clear signal to get back on track.
Some of us are being to missled on music being played on the radio. its sad :/
Rise&Shine it's Wake-n-Bake time!! Hope everyone has a horny weekend,shout out 2 the best-->TeamLilKim & TeamJanetJackson!!
Shoutout to my man Heard you've been waiting on a Tweet from me
nails done then swimming w/ nicole and erica . <3
Did anyone else know that DJ Pauly D copied travis barkers rib cage tattoo??
RT : She was never a bitch, pain made her that way...
I so missed out on Vegas. :( wah.
Oh got it! Yes, we could add that embed code too.
Follow back julia lol
...made all my friends and family feel loved
#bookaday THE TROUBLE WITH MAY AMELIA by Jennifer L. Holm
No problem; I suspected a copy/paste culprit. Keep fighting the good plaintext fight!
Any wine is good. If its wine, its mine.
Is singing a lot this next month and I need to be acting. Come on bring me something juicy. With pay for my sweet agents too
Wasn't she cursed? Thought she was aware of everything going on while she was a mummy. Could be I'm misremembering.
He's the king we deserve AND the one we need right now.
"Mike is a shit." "Do you want to expand on that?" "Uh, sure. He is a massive and total shit."
I Feel Left Out Now -.-
I'll be there this week!! RT : missed u Sunday night homie!
of course there will be room for you. I will start SXSW13 planning in Sept - ping me then!
Congrats to Bon Iver from Eau Claire WI for winning a Grammy!
Mark your calendar: Sept. 3, Indianapolis cancer-survivor-support bike ride. 15-, 30- or 50-mile rides. More info soon.
Lol, that was before they had Andrew Bynum.
thinks I've found the cure for stupidity a shock collar & if it doesn't cure them at least u got a good laugh watching them twitch."
You promised you would never break my heart .. you promised .. Everything you said I believed .. For nothing .. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
No texts no calls, nothing. But I'm still here thinking about you like crazy.
Glad you're following us. Please let us know if we can help you.
I am one boob, you are the other boob and together? breast friends <U+2665>
RIP Steve Jobs :(
CRM exam on monday but i am still left wif 1.5 chapters UNTOUCH!!! i am just gonnnaaaaa DIE i suppose!!!.
Member when we were little and we couldn't find a letter on the keyboard? "OH MY GOD WHERE IS THE 'P' SOMEONE MUST HAVE TOOK IT O-nevermind"
wish I lived in NYC--I would volunteer!
Love is just love, it can never be explained.
Rt if you want #POTUS to address fielder's move to the tonight
AH! Just watched the #BiggestLoser Finale! SO INSPIRING!!!
drive safely!
i'm following you too now!!!
School is hard.. Getting tired.
I don't understand how we are willing to pay for convicts healthcare yet not our poor neighbours
CHI Locals' Night attendees: check in w registration then go to exhibit hall. The cool stuff is behind and to the side of the trade show.
Just finished a huge project. Took off my headphones and "Woo'ed", waking up the dog, who wagged his stumpy tail and went back to sleep.
So, is pretty fantastic. Wishing I could spend more time hanging around and checking things out.
Happy Good Friday! Lift Him up today.
I sure am! Hope you are too! :)
What most persons consider as virtue, after the age of 40 is simply a loss of
Eating A Chocolate Chip Poptart = EVERYBODY Staring At Me lmaoooooo
i really miss having a boyfriend. i want someone that i can call mine and only mine.
mm .. I love food :D<3 and I love you
pretty girl wants to get naked for me on her cam, don't mind if I do. :D
Just cleaned off my desk. The odds of finding anything I need tomorrow?
Really annoyed right now ....
I'm wearing my promise ring from high school. Diamonds are forever, "what's his name" isn't.
Culture eats strategy for lunch – David Pryor, Allina CIO Working on new IT change program and this quote is as true as ever ;-(
you're welcome :)
": Morning everyone!" Good morning Jas!
Omg just saw on ABDC!!!
So true. Alternative & Format are essential, utterly.
A big day for the 1%
Watching trey songz shout out
I have high hopes for today! Wrong thing to do??
i love you #follow me
Good night all going to help my little buddy find the head to his spiderman. lol. Sweetdreams everyone!
Watched the winner from Rock of Love flirt with peeps (NOT Brett). Seems nice...
yeah ima call I the morning cause this is just ridiculous
I wanted to say the sky when you asked me what's up?! lol :)
Why is it that its so hard to get vehicles legal i mean damn
Not big on horror films, but Cabin in the Woods was really enjoyable. Took an old paradigm to a unique place, self-aware, and a bit funny.
So let's see: Train Dreams et al. were good, but not good enough. Ah, the exquisite silliness of prize-giving.
we'll see u there!
Postville march powerful. Sad to hear "Statue of Liberty doesn't say give me your illegal aliens." No one is illegal. Everyone is human.
THANK YOU for the FF! Great to connect with you!
you need some pizza! Haha <U+2661> congrats. =-)
how many do you want?
Seeing Incubus at Raley Field tonight! Anyone else in Sac going?
Never underestimate unchecked stupidity in GOP rank & file; they may decide to hold debt ceiling hostage again anyway
I'm at the edge of being poor.
you need to tell me your moms decision for jmoms cause we cant go if you cant. :P
That toe was down. Unreal catch
RT : That was definitely a "shut the f%#$ up" from Peavy to AJ. Speaks for so many.
Looking for a last minute gift for a musician in your life? We have coffee mugs, mousepads, and other fun items still in stock. Come on in!
The Marriage Plot can make the NBCC finalist list, but can it beat Green Girl in Tournament of Books?
It is fucken hot out...
wishing you a JOYOUS Christmas eve
I'm not surprised by the #fail RT My wife just paid over $200 to attend one day of the conf. Way to not have scales,
P.S. im at my grandma's house but im coming back on sunday. xoxo
Secondly, my basement is a real asshole.
Some couples are so cute.
RT Portland Trailblazers Ray Charles said it all. Yes, just you be strong And it will be all right. IN THE HEAT OF THE NIGHT.
Studies show what ADHD tends to affect movement more in boys than in girls. Few comparative studies have been done, though.
kk ill accept you
7 hours I have to wake up? On a Friday ... fuck me!!!! Goodnight.
Im still fly :p
Happy Hour all day!
HEY EVERYONE!! GO FOLLOW MAKE YOUR LIFE A BIT BETTER (:
Thanks for sharing, #Tempranillo is one of our top award winners. & Thanks to for carying #GroveWines. Cheers!
Or go to Jimmy's To-Go! Cooked to order burgers, the best in #Reedsburg!
I'm more irrational than the girl on steroids
there's over 6,000,000,000 people in this world, don't let 1 bring you down <3
I don't mean to pile on you, btw. Not my intent. I'm just hearing justifications that don't make any sense to me about them.
Going on the road with BUILT TO SPILL this week!!! ""CAN'T WAIT"!!!
This test is taking way to long!
People who don't like bacon cannot be trusted, end of story.
Follow today to help children across America receive the education they deserve! #RealChangeProject RT and Follow!
I finally figured it out! The Red Sox are bad! Phew, that feels better.
My brother telling me the story of how he got lost in the hotel after only being alone for fifteen minutes was amazing
#ThatDepressingMoment when your parents come 2 your school and your not there... Ass whipping soon 2 follow. :o
Still in NY?
Auckland has smells pure and clean....anyone agree?
haha! that is just dangerous!!
"You Only Live Once". Uh..? I think Drizzy forgot about the Vampires.
New York should be embarrassed by the lack of effort in this final quarter.
somebody tell austin to come to new york on may 12th for my birthday <3 wahh
thanks so much! Big Gaslight fan
shout out plz
I said we needed someone actually IN clothes.
Action will remove the doubts that theory cannot solve. Tehyi Hsieh
Off today - applying for jobs. Need to find something soon!
people that make lite of rape are a special kind of stupid. You're a horrible person!
this kid needs some help.
NP lol ur the only one who called me doll face lolololol
Nearly 80-yr old client on her slumlord landlord: "He really burns my feathers. I just want to beat. him. up."
An agreement has been reached with the Guinness World Book of Records to review & sanction the 25K mile solo challenge ride as a WR attempt
Nathan Smith (Mainframe) just mixed the bazookies out of my client (Flyte 3)'s project - STELLAR Nathan!
the only cartographers we have left in the world work in the gas stations in small towns. Sweet receipt map, ma'am.
I'm always happy to share with you!
aw thank you. im glad you enjoy watching my work
This is the one, Nick. #orioles (-:
thank You!!
A devil can come disguised as a Christian and who loves God holding the Bible.
. That's probably another transplanted New Yorker doing that deal!
well that didn't work.
Going to see Think like a man tonight.. Tickets already bought.. I'm geeked. Ain't been out in While..
Havent been on here ina long time been busy with the new year hope everyones year is goin yood so far
I feel like every time I look up at the TV Kopecky's on the ice.
Free album download of www.blasesplee.com
I love my boyfriend more than anything.
Watching Frontline on the causes of the financial crisis frightens me more than The Walking Dead. The narrator is not soothing tonight.
Sometimes, I just don't understand people.
Gonna make a Chipotle run this afternoon. I'll be thinking about you; when I bite into it. ;) Enjoy your road trip!
I do not agree w/ Joyner approach. Lettermen should've been more involved but you are hurting us more than any scandal.
could it be? : (Haitian) zombies are "disinclined to eat spicy foods & prefer meals consisting of banana" source?
In Norfolk wrapping up the last day of SGMP, trade show today and then the 4 hour drive home
Sick on a Sat night im laying on the couch recovering and watching Wonka too!!
so that's how you keep the mafia from finding you in witness protection?
My back hurts alot!
Oh, did the Mountain Dew arrive already? We had planned it for the 3pm break.
Please Make My Day And Follow Me!! xoxo #mahomie ;)
Not thinking straight - got nailed passing through Lordsburg speed trap doing 75 in a 65. $84 Gah!
Spill coffee on your carpet? We can help you with that stain!
**BREAKING** Just learned that AB481 will be discussed tomorrow. Youth Council members are calling state representatives: You should too!
So you're putting the governor on the level with a nutjob? Fair enough then I guess.
This day is just going to suck
Angela this was amazing, and we beat the Sp #ideachats So many great ideas!
- Already done.
I've put a lot of work into twitter...I wish I liked it more!
I am the founder of white girl dancing.
Are you in training for something?
We offer an on-time guarantee, complimentary vehicle amenities such as in-car WiFi, personalized packages that will meet all of your needs.
I got all I need and its alright by me.
It is 2012. I am creating a new site, and it is taking more than two minutes to hook up the database. I'm going nuts.
So the #Blackhawks fell apart in the third period, but unfair officiating is what ultimately screwed them over in this series. Total BD.
"If you’re talking about me behind my back that just means my life is obviously more interesting than yours"
I love your backround :)
Equal Rights! Go Gays!
I give your work an A-plus, Jason!
I linked the practice song to your video :) you still work here?
Question: Why do traffic lights rarely go swimming? Answer: They take much too long to change.
wish I was there! Miss you too!
Every sad country song apologizes for being the man that I'm not. I must be going about this the wrong way, I never even have to be sorry.
I just pinged the pastor from the non-denominational church I mentioned to you to see if he can fit in a chat/meeting with u
OKAY TWITTER JAIL SUCKS
Have been for a while <3 We love all the divisions of FeaR
“: What I miss most: Being a little kid with no stress, worries, or care in the world.” Very true... Some days more than others
Creepy crawlers
#CaseyAnthony Need to clean your criminal record? Call NOW. Serving Pinellas County. (727) 474 9988
So true! “: Seriously cannot decide which character I like better #ModernFamily They're all friggin' hlarious!!”
Wanna go to my roof.. And scream as loud as I can...
How many iphones have you had? I'm talking to someone who may have lost more than you, need to know who wins.
yeah I love the odds tmr for memphis. I'm hopin denver can outlast the lakers in the next quarter...
that would be a good idea. Thank. I knew you would know what to do
Fun night out dancing last night. Still chuckling to myself over watching the local weatherman hit on young ladies.
More on Works Cited: if I can't find a foreign name, I search partials. If a student gets diacritics right, I'm quite impressed.
Successful Mission!!!
We're good friends!!!
Seeing That Comment Really Got Me Thinking I Wanna Go Back Home...-
no prb J.Young
I love your icon. c:
Teri Hatcher is behind me at El Pollo Loco drive thru!! Celebs ARE just like you & me. She looks a lot like an old hispanic lady in person
follow back bro!
Today's dogTown customer celebrity lookalikes include: Marc Maron and a black Kate Micucci
Heading to #SHEAR tomorrow! Anyone else?
I love that Malibu country is already getting great reviews just from the trailer clip,can u imagine when it's actually aired?? XOXOXO
Laughing out loud about taking out his neighbors mailbox!
I know right? I can't help but think they eventually come back to earth though.
bored tweet...
Out with & crew in my old hood. Journey playing, Busch Light flowing down the locals throats....yup I'm home.
i guess so goodwill LOL craziest shit i senn and about laughed myself to a heart attack
Another month. Another year. Another smile. Another tear. Another winter and another summer too. But there can never be another you.
2nd annual New Yrs party is a day away,txt for location or call. if u been before well u just know if u haven't well u will. People already
Congrats!! RT : YES. Thrilled that O: The Oprah Magazine includes 's SILVER SPARROW in its "Best Books for 2011"!
no it was for casper....yes it was for you :-)
My early morning gym session was a fail due to my extreme soreness from my first intramural volleyball match.
the philanthropist of the day! She fights for #education & started the Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy for Girls in South Africa!
#dh11 #alt-ac #altac stresses importance of formalizing research time allowance for alt-acs. Written into job contracts.
“: I'm so pumped I could die!!! Is it the song I think it is?!!!!” nope. No one has heard this one at all yet
#CHUCK wit the TACO MEAT!!!
You can start it at any time. Mine started at 30 ;)
C'mon 'nucks fans, they earned it.
The Waterboy is on!:D
Chad Ochocinco has restructured contract and will be back with
SHUTUP NO ONE CARES.
I will make my presence known on the runways of New York, Milan and Paris Broadway and Hollywood WILL know my name!
Rob u are the realest man on earth, easyly said for me. Bless ur Fam
Are any of you giving cookbooks as holiday gifts? What are your favorites?
Omg I don't understand guys ugh
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves. - E. Joseph Cossman
Oh come on girl. Ya know you want him. ; )
reading your TS is like watching a kitten bat around a ball of string. You make it look easy keep up the good work!
Awesome man! 2 of our DOM Founding Fathers are from Columbus, OH not to far from your neck of the woods.
#Salute to YoungChop
is it crowded at Cliff Hagan Stadium?
hated to have to call for that! She's resting now! Her & grandma making dressing & talking about how bad we was!
We're bringing a bit of uptown to downtown #Memphis. Try faves like salmon roulade, lobster tempura, corn/blueberry salad&vintage cocktails!
Hey if I said I like your face will you ship me and phil!
Nah... what they NEED is to be communicators and facilitators in projects that involve specialists who can do these things
I appreciate your doing the right thing.
wrong person...
I call everyone "boo boo". Don't get mad. It's out of cariño! <3
chillin how r u Mr. Beatz ~!
Why is that every time you approach the drama, they act as if nothing is wrong..--
Rehabilitation starts by having your #dog know what is expected of him
Can replay officials hear ABC announcers? I think Herbstreit just talked them into overturning 2 pt call
I'm in Maine for the week w/ the fam!
Hope Yall Come : )
great job! good luck in the tt.
Costume put together...now if I just had a Halloween ball to go to. do you know of one?
Steak On Me
I dont know what's your plans for today I was wondering if we can sit down and talk
I have this Profile stem
“ the garlic fries are also legendary at ballpark in arlington, only one concession stand. Worth the lap to get” Agree!
But I always appreciate critical feedback. Listen to every word said.
Where would I find the Serial number?
Friend us on Yahoo! Username: poisedcreation
attempting to relate the words 'eating meat' and 'slavery.' But u'r argument changes the the meaning of the 2nd word.
You people in lexington rock. had such a good time and everyone is so nice! :-( back to work bright and early tomorrow
go for it!
I'm sure they are setting us up to one day wear Tommy Bahama shirts and too much cologne
MissPoonamC it was boring! I turned it off half way through
I usually avoid recruiting until it heats up but I can't help already get a little excited. Could we land 15 four stars in this next class?
anyone who RTs is cool in our book
all coldplay would be fun! First Chili peppers then a Coachella ride the week after that :)
We can only move 20 mph at the fastest because of all the damage and debris. There is just massive, massive destruction
hey guys! if you put us in your #ff's we and will follow you back and put you in our #ff's! <3
Event went well, perfect day for it, but I'm def ready for some happy hour(s). Probably heading to Kite n Key in Fairmount:)
I completely agree and the subjectivity limits the lasting impact of the piece (in my opinion). 3 ideas come to mind -
I've never seen so quite......am I diss appointed yea but what a season #Broncos what a season.
you will!! Thank you so much! Dancers with talent heart and respect like u make me love what I do so much!!
No worries I'll come swoop when ya ready.
RT : 's essay collection I Must Not Think Bad Thoughts is brilliant. I am too stupid with soul-delay to articulate how.
Modern Touch DJs at Boondocks next Friday, June 19th.
omg! my professor probably thinks im a weirdo, she came out the elevator and I was sitting right there waiting haha.
Guiseppe Meazza's shorts fell down whilst taking a penalty in the 1938 World Cup. He was the butt of the jokes that year
I haven't been to Whole Foods in ages. Perhaps it was a doppelganger? And yes, I am serious. :)
Are ppl really trippin on 10 sec clip w/ the crooks shirt?!!! Plz pray that God gives u a life.
Cowboys fans unite!
Leaping forward indeed!
Past choices are present results.
I wonder why oregano in particular ... like does the same go for cumin?
“: Crazy! RT We closed at 5 pm today due to capacity spring crowds” Explains the smell on the metro tonight!
lmfao yeah okay.
"I intend to fight obstruction with action." The coming season.
''Enough is enough, no more walking around with my head down, I'm so over being blue, crying over you”
Hahaha Beiber knows what team to be on
You are having a pretty busy summer!
Gunna Kill In In Marysville In September! Can't Wait;D Cody I Can Listen To YOU #AllDay <3
It is a man's own mind - not his enemy or his foe that lures him into evil ways.
oh yea! I will try & stop by. What day are you getting to portland? We are getting there thursday evening.
told my parents the only way ill try to gradaute is if they got me some custom eyelashes and hotass acrylics
Thanks anyway! Pacific Coast deadline, June 30!! See you then.
Going to show tonight. Im her ride there, so PUMPED. Waitin on her and Coree to get ready so we can roll.
Woman gives birth on trolleybus in Bratislava
#Cinematography is infinite in its possibilities... much more so than music or language - Cinematographer #Conrad #Hall (1926 - 2003)
wow1 way too much loyals on right now
ty open minded is a choice ppl chose 2 make or not-i chose 2 be open minded & not live in ignorance & w/racist views
Another interesting report School Finance in the Digital Learning Era tp://mbcurl.me/3YT
#liber2011 If lib's info budget is cut, will student attainment fall? Opinion: but the other variables could fall as well.
Still wondering what happened to you... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Today is a great day! My parents get to meet my wonderful family and Campaign Week officially begins at midnight! :)
Pharmacy Discounts - Save up to 65% - Wegmans - LEVOTHYROXINE SODIUM -
Just had fried calamari for the first time. Feelin adventurous fo sho.
My mom is so embarrassing.. Smh.
Does anybody else think the last couple minutes of Wilco's The Whole Love sound kind of like a pleasant little #Phish jam? Well, I do.
I agree that there are other ways to getting animals to live with us in harmony, thanks
All I want is an article on the history of tuberculosis in the Americas or Egypt. One that I don't have to purchase.
lmao you never get wet , dont know how to take that when you say it xD
dunder mifflin RT The awkward moment when you say something funny to a group of people you've just met and none of them laugh...
"Look Bubbles, go back to ya habitaaaatt."
Maybe it's a deeper study that says $1million would not make them as happy as connecting with people
SXSW Film is currently underway. What's everyone excited about seeing/what keynotes are you attending?
That amazing moment when you post a comment on facebook and everyone likes it.
#Friends is the best show on Earth.
Once your payment has been received we will be completing the donation in your name or your company's name and you will get confirmation...
I CANT BELIEVE THEY LET JOSHUA LEDET GO ONE OF THE BEST SINGERS ON IDOL GO!
Yu Can Never Get To Old To Love Fruit Snacks! (:
"if we try to run a regular offense, we're screwed with... Peyton Manning" Notice Denver is changing offense for PM too
Take care nigga
I know, it sucks. I haven't seen you all in forever :P
Turn off the lights ACE Damn .
That's funny! Come up here, there's lots of snow to sled in!
B-A-H Nation...check out your Brass-A-Holics live on Fox News 8 for the noon broadcast.
check out my Model Journal, "Extra Extra Read All About It,"on the front page of Paul Fisher's www.networktalentcommunity.com/
so some people say ima hoe but then also wana fuck me so if u think ima hoe and u still wana fuck me don't that make u a hoe 2#random though
no proof that he did either just one test that was tainted and 2 subsequent negative tests. Get facts straight.
happy bday, Pitt! RT This year marks the 225th anniversary of the founding of Pittsburgh's oldest university.
it is nice let me hold it lol !!
I drawn a picture of you ^.^ but it failed :/
Black is beautiful. White is beautiful. Asian is beautiful. Hispanic is beautiful. Fat is beautiful. Skinny is beautiful. You are beautiful.
RT : RT : Marco Rubio delivers foreign policy address with bipartisan tone at Brookings Institution...
Hi there, did you get our email? we sent it via your website email today.
Don't miss 'em. The Video Game Awards, tonight at 7pm (Pacific) on Spike.
Fun day at #batimorehistoric talking about Interesting things to think about, lots of different perspectives on digitization
We're really lucky to have COO Cris Ros Dukler addressing the corps today.
im on twitter and you are not! ;D
my epidermis hurts.
Sleeper show of the week at HighDive tonight with Just Like Vinyl, and my personal PDX fave White Orange. Next door.
well then c'mon what you waitin for? :)
Time to teach spin! What is your Tuesday workout routine?
#6WordSciFiStory - Immortality sucks when you're all alone.
oh man, you're in town?!
haha she got from her mama lol:) shes so cute
This is embarrassing. Classless.
thank you! We think you're awesome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I think not
Farmer Lawrence Calvert -- "I tell his grandkids that their my grandkids, bc they're like another set of grandkids"
Hey I checked out Reverb. Love the sound of the 1st track, pity I'll nvr be able to play it out loud cause of 'that' word :(
lets do that nxt weeknd so we hv time to plan and we get paid lol
omigod is it responding to attention?
Naughtiness and a Time Out
as is yours -> I canoed the Issabella River & have seen the northern lights. ...I grew up in the Midwest ...Canada vry close
you look amazing!
hola, sorry my Spanish is poor. In 2 weeks Google "PokerStars club Alicante, Spain" - you will view The Fumaos Club. Thanks
some great coaching sessions lately. we have so many wonderful clients and are so grateful!
fox football guys live now - stream at www.foxsportsradio.com
If you are engaged with your breathing, in drawing in each full breath, you will open up an entirely new world of potential.
sometimes Sundays just feel like a big flaming sack of shit waiting to get stomped on.
footnote: took it personally. Wife has adored u all her life..think u need to serenade her for her Xmas present here in ky
I wish for a world of peace, harmony, & nakedness.
no problem and thank you for asking how I've been to lol
filling up a cart like I'm on Supermarket Sweep!
Thanks for the goat dinner! What's the name of the restaurant?
just went ham figuring shit out for the concert.....check yo fb messages bitches
<U+25CA> LOVE IT.
Cross your fingers for no rain tomorrow! Here's hoping we'll be able to hit the parade route tomorrow!!
Pulling a book off the shelf at the library. #whodoesthisanymore?!?
Good for Chara in being able to play at World's. Just not sure I understand taking on more ice time after 196 games in the last 18 months.
Don't give me a fucking attitude when I'm trying to help you out
A clean studio is a happy studio.
Alright already, I think we've all heard the news, Facebook buys Instagram.
#sheaintwifeymaterial if she still wearing those chinese slippers thinking she cute
they're the best
Almost finished the first season of Whoa, what a series! Thanks Bryce for lending me the graphic novel.
Have a green beer!
that because TIM Duncan is amazing!!!
the secret is cleavage...I've been learning this as the night goes on
TGIF -Thank God I'm Fearless - have a wonderful day Tweeps- what's on the agenda for today?
Alpha avoids grates in the city - her little pads get jammed in those holes. Same with local dog wash shop - grid in sink.
NJ's weekend rain was much needed, but didn't make much of a dent in the drought. All of NJ still experiencing a moderate drought.
Lmao this guy on the train too funny, found out my mom works for the VA and said she needs to help him w/ his hemorrhoids bahahahahahha
I have that kind of face, I guess. Someone just insisted my name was lee and that they knew me.
#WhatHurtsTheMost stubbing your toe on furniture:( That shit is painful.
It's #FF and we're saying nice things again if you do...
Wow- that combination just sounds scary! What are you singing? Toi, toi and kick some ass!
they got there butts kicked tonight
Midget man just calld me say he fina pull dwn.
Always wanted to see the inside of the Brexton.
Rickey stops by103.5 Big Dog Country Radio Sodus NY Wed 24th call to request What I Love About America Show your American Pride
talk to day
Thanks for sharing with your readers. Hope you can make it!
:O Lol why?
Fasting isn't too hard when you really don't have time to eat.
Originally called Apple Computers Inc.
#fridayreads Fragile Beasts by Tawni O'dell & listening to The Help by Kathryn Stockett. Love the different narrators-the book comes alive
Willie Harris was outrighted to Louisville.
Closing all the internet windows by the time your boss gets to your desk is like getting the keys into the door before the killer gets you.
I wish #oomf would talk to me
yeah right, they're all angels...
dude freaking amazing!
Wouldn't it be funny if Frank McCourt won the Mega Millions jackpot?
Don't miss the last FESPA Wrap Cup Master Series Americas match of the day at 4:40 pm in booth 1083!
Intel's 'Centerton' is first Atom chip for servers: Chip giant will launch a special Atom chip for servers to take on its nemesis ARM.
i hope you feel better =)
don't forget to register for #RAWconf and to submit your paper to the first ever Sherry Clarkson Prize
I should've kissed you. And never left.
Darn! You missed a good show. It was like the best two seconds of me life. ((;
“: Getting an early start on my drinking with !!” let's get Critical tonight!!!!!
Semisweet chocolate complements well with other flavors
have you?
Agh! Twitter spam/virus! Evil. Don't click the link!
I am loving your tweets tonight. Very interesting reading.
Next time I see somone post a picture and say "Omg I am so ugly!" I'm going to be like "Yeah you really are." I hate when people do that.
(gasp!) Your sandbox....my play space
has some awesome videos in partnrship w/ !
Be sure to take sometime for yourself today and start the schhol/work week off right!
was there seriously no app to fix steve jobs? fucking pissed...
California Love.
I just bought it!! Let's talk later to coordinate!!
Went past the May Day Occupy protests at Bryant Park. Somebody should teach the protestors to toyi toyi ..and stop meditating.
Does anyone know any good songs?
jeydon! yo, i miss george. thing will get better.
Sad, but true “: No, A repeal of #DOMA would not undo states' constitutional amendments banning same-sex marriage.”
Bout to download dreamchasers2
Happy Friday! A few clients worthy of your
Done with the early shift in Boston which means ill be home in NY by 6p..in time to relax and watch the apprentice. This makes me happy.
brainstorming music video ideas
That money like a flashlight...
so the govnt has like a bunch of things set up like the cabin to make peeps die,and what they do effects what monsters and
Day 4 of Leopard and iOS5. So far so good. iCloud has been surprisingly easy to get working.
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you are right. #in #Quote- Henry Ford
49 decapitated bodies found in Mexico? Wtf. Don't want to go there for a vacation anymore.. Thanks CNN.
Sacred cows make the best hamburgers.
When your at a friends house and they fall asleep -.-
looking for something to invest in. any ideals
Have any #NPOs actually seen positive results from a grant? Seems to me like $ limits on ads = no one sees them
I love #workaholics - check it out on comedy central.
The Giants are too confident
If you are bored you should check out some new music.
can I say Gold Digger!
Thanks! It is a Morris design, though at the mo I'm blanking on its name.
oh, the memories.. “: Just passed the BOOBIE BUNGALOW! 2 1/2 hours to go”
Just plain wrong.
Zhang Yansheng quotes: “The small-sized refrigerators we manufactured for Americans to store wine are sold like hot cakes in the USA,”
Going to a kite "fly in" at calke Abbey today. Should be great.
you shld be precise, embryonic stem cells...Catholics have no problem with adult stem cells
8mm Black Titanium Carbon Fiber Ring Wedding Band Men ’s Wedding Rings Men ’s Engagement Bands Designer Rings Size (8) Reviews
you still got that wow! factor dont you...
Super excited about the huge box of Godiva chocolates that a former intern just gave me for writing all of his letters of recommendation.
You can find me playing high stakes at NFFC this year...$1,500
I'm hungry and I'm tired and I'm running out of good ideas.
Thanks, bud!
- We will def. take care of it. I can't find the original email Cathy, can you re-send to ?
RT : "do any if you think you're going to get to CMO by getting a bunch of likes?" -
thanks fa the follow
Integrity is our hallmark--our candidates and clients can and do trust our referrals and rely on us to meet their staffing needs.
You betta #follow back
RT ": Without bad experiences, you won't appreciate how much life shouldn't be taken for granted."
I really want to go to Louisville to see tomorrow night. Anyone in Cincy want to make the trip?
get me a blizzard while ur there
Fuck it. I'm gonna smoke this last chocolate black before I go to hang out with the bros. A much needed day out of the house.
Oh....I forgot about the cookies!! Lol!!
I wish primary/caucus results were more like sporting events. It would be cooler if each candidate had jerseys and mascots.
oh gosh girl you need to get it together
Are you a salt addict? Try 10 drops of mistletoe extract in a glass of water. Mistletoe extract can reduce blood pressure.
i'm tired and i haven't even been up for 12 hours
we all love Dr. Pepper. except james
just made some good ass left over dinner lol
Never thought about it while I was a student... but the 1ST thing a teacher does is check your following instructions. Period.
Lol I'm such a good freind today my freind was sad so I started singing and dancing like a idiot to make her happy I hate seeing ppl sad
This is paper delivery person's asking for a holiday tip. Mail the tip back in the envelope. Stranger is your delivery person.
thank you boys :) thanks for letting me be the best part of your morning!
I meant innings. Not official until through 8.5 innings.
Chief keep && future the main things coming threw my speakers
10 year old cat is really sick...and our vet is closed, what's a mother to do?
Yep, they are spendy. But in my case, much lower cost than a new machine. :) And the i/o speed is absolutely phenomenal.
I LOVED your outfit today! Where is it all from?
Thank you, Jennifer! Happy Friday :)
Spread love & make babies!
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, Jan 17th, 10:30am "We are Growing Up!" Another year has gone-we need bigger shoes and pants.
I c alooot of hatin on #whitegirls. i rolled wit sumn of da baddest 1's. Wit booty, rhythm, cn braid, cook & throw dem hands.
Very #HighShit RT The best part of waking up, aint Folgers it's my bud!!!
Having a name beginning with the letter "A" = daily pocket dials to your cell phone.
I have a problem. I keep forgetting my phone. Wtf. -_-
I just booked a show for Jack and White in Sac on Sept 17 at Luigis!!!
It's Pouring out in OP
Like no
Milwaukee burger before and the #Bucks!
I go contact yesterday and since i been lovin it!!
indeed...although this no MSG on Time Warner cable is starting to hurt.
The star team tonight at Mercat.. Great job Chefs!
Every calendar's days are numbered.
Today's #RocnDeal - 85% Off In-Studio Portrait Session and 8x10 Textured Portrait at Tantalo Photography
Who's your favorite bartender @ Catch 22 Sports Grill? www.catch22phx.com
PLEASE FOLLOW ME LIAM<3 :(
I tried to watch, but I can't take her screaming at me.
100% RT : How much of what you do everyday is in the #cloud? Email, music, social media, photography, video, graphic design, etc.
Thanks for the RT !
: yes it is and I really do care.
How long are you in town for, duder? I wanna see you!
Hate these type of mornings!
It's been really good :) enjoying life
Enough with the (crappy) Oregon band and pregame bs. Drop the puck already!
I tend to take my ex boyfriend girls hey I treat them better :p
Everyday above ground is a chance to make each day better than the last
Factory!? Let's schedule. I was busy at and in bed before soundcheck, most likely. Glad it was great!
Back from the National Harbor and I must say, it's a beautiful place to spend a weekend. For those in the DC area, I'd highly recommend it.
hey somethin else what it do ;)
Hone your football skills before you go pro at a Bill Walton affiliated org DM us for more info
Dale sure has changed.
Forever 21 - the best place to go shopping when you just don't feel like washing your socks and underwear.
thanks for following me ,.
I'm thinking my Saturday morning is going to include some garage salin' and then a nap at the beach.
Hasta la vista, baby ~ Arnold Schwarzenegger
Sadly a verse many will not understand. ~ John 12:25 EXPOSE.Empower.Unleash.
what no Blazin wings this time? I hope the order went off without a hitch! The band is playing Jan 14th. Stop by!
Omg, listening to Rehab by reminds me of great moments! I love Amy!
congrats on the goal!
So there's no way everyone who wants to see tonight fits in the Reeve Ballroom, right?
I love you
If I had a star for everytime you brightened my day...I'd be holding the galaxy in my hands<3
Assumed you were throwing 24 down for Kobe.
Who Wants To Talk (:
#IReallyMiss my childhood! #carefree&fun
Maybe if u looked in this direction ill pick my heart up off the floor and put it in my chest and..
I smell that cheap perfume, and gin, and lies love the new album! Ready to watch yall @ Red Rock, OK.
#gb2 time to take down the #pats!
Twitter turns 30 minutes of homework into 2 hours of homework.
A great post submitted by guest author Amit Patel regarding the use of cooking oils and their health benefits.
You should totally be our official Instagramer. Or something.
Its and were still working hard on our comics and digital gallery site! Thanks
or D'shKwqzndl!
I'm completely exhausted.
Obvz should follow me and play my face cuts tonight at vault.
News service trap.it creates search channels that you can save.
Bill Trippe: Amazon can go from print to our for delivery in four hours!
can you follow back for me i followed you back when you asked
Make ur way out to silk tonight ladies free $3 u call it $100 bottles! Ill be in the video mix all night! Hit me up for V.I.P! See u there1
Writing more on the topic of some differences between psychopaths and normal human beings. Also discussing items w/ Jay Gallus for books.
love love love that book
I love being your little corn puff...best new term of endearment ever.
Had a great day with Tim yesterday!! Packing for my trip tomorrow. Hopefully I won't regret it. 2 days w/o talking to him.
When you take out the crappy people in your life you can finally start to smile for all the new ones you meet that bring more smiles to you.
just came inside a bit ago
Sad part is, I actually have an Afflication long sleeved shirt and a Ed Hardy neck tie...
I'm talking about derrick Williams over Kyrie Irving.
Humm let me think... Make money. Or spent money n go c Trey. I think make.money. ..
Trying to join team no sleep
: that show is gonna be a game changer! I'm a Detroiter so I ride for ! #YAS lol
. brings up beer immediately. Nice.
BOOOIOLA '=' K' FAIL HEIN MARCOS... K
(tip my hat) thank YOU. Congrats again sir [SXSW]
hoping I dont have to go anywhere for dinner later bc I look like crap.. pajamas swag! Haha(:
Your a lightweight... Couldnt hang.
OMG, so excited your coming here!!!
Yes! Ugh.
All The Drama At Glenn. fuuuck..
Good luck to the New Mexico Lobos and the NM State Aggies today! Show 'em a thing or two about New Mexico basketball!
oh NOW I get the coveted follow.....hehe!!!
GIMME GIMME GIMME A MAN AFTER MIDNIGHT.
#FF #SEME2011 for some good #sportsbiz insight out of Washington DC
Good morning! :))
Really impressive to see the Bruins acknowledging their fans instead of skating right to the locker room. Classy.
Want to learn how to be ultimately sexy while enjoying a thrilling Florida based novel..read "PYTHON" by Carina Nolan only 7.89 amazon
Whoa. I got 7 responses regarding graphic designers. Sorry if I don't get back to all of you! (The power of Twitter, eh?)
Congratulations on your engagement! : )
thanks babe! so i can't work out profile picture or background picture thing?! or those both just like not working atm? x
I don't think anyone knows how happy kristen and I are right now omfg :')
Tyga make it nasty video >>>>>>>
~kisses you~ :) there.
From prom? Pfft yeah, I ran out that week! My brother bought on Sunday and that was gone by Tuesday..
SNL is so funny!!!
Early dinner with my love! :)
Awesome Surprise, got a regular and a bunch of red letters when getting variant, happy as can be! Thanks Todd
Who knows Steven Tyler. I want to hang with this dude! Funny guy!
i like that one
Y members who refer a friend who joins the Y get a free month and your friend gets 1/2 off the joining fee! Valid until 4/15/12....
That awkward moment when your teacher catches you staring @ her boobs..
yeaa i could have but i ddnt even think about that. Im on my porch right now cause my mama came to work and took my key.
bring thrm to me
I think that was pre-bossing. :) Dosier was a good sport.
haha you mean it's not me for once?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
1941-The #Nazis captured #Belgrade. In #WW2 more #Yugoslavs were killed by other Yugoslavs than by the
Happy 5th anniversary to Jorge, Luis & staff of from your friends at MAGNET!
Just attempted to make green tea using the hot tap water. It sort of worked.
Will be on the 5:00 boat to land, after a 25 day job I will see my wife, my doggie and sleep in my own before! Glory to God!
i will go swimming tonight
we must! Don't hate on The Clique, those are seriously some of my fave books
Its a little to late to say that you're sorry now, you kicked me when I was down but you say don't hurt me no more
that just officially wrote his ticket to the HOF
Remember when TW were on Elvis Duran and he tried to be all multicultural & use the word wanker in a sentence but he used it horribly wrong
I'm glad things are finally going good for once. :)
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.” Mae West
The results you achieve will be in direct proportion to the effort you apply. ~Denis Waitley
how about if I feel neutral about horses?
is that why you're acting like a dick today?
you act like you didnt do anything wrong.
#Whimzle is definitely
Did you see DD last night. He was amazing
Amen RT : I'm just going to go ahead and say it. Dunkin' Donuts has better hot coffee than Starbucks.
Live with more a-z of mainstream stuff we have. it's quite a varied mix. tune in. live all day today
just got done reading 4 chapters for my economics class.
Many times. We are using them on our direct mail and printed ads.
let's go to New York then baby!
Love you for making me forget who Peyton Manning is for a night.
Home ice advantages - Boston Globe Boston Globe Home ice advantages Boston Globe Just steps from the Barnard home, kids race up and down th
BREAKING: Madison's Housing Committee rocked by allegations of quorum
Airtran is killing it. 20 minutes early both ways.
thanks, Crystal! <3 How are things?
girl this one cartoon pic of oomf is so sexy
Its cold outside...36°F...
you're my favorite kind of vegan . . The forgetful kind!
more info at www.votemonds.com
Confirmed by checking his twitter: is in fact here.
Soft couches, carpets are unexpected design touches that keep coming up at AAM.
BEAUTIFUL pup. Sending lots of love and good vibes for him.
golf season starts soon... #goinToState are two planning on playing this year?
You have been a busy lady! I hope that business is good and Canada is cool!
bradford gonna torch giants decimated d but close game. 24-21 rams
Good morning tweethearts! Yummy House Blend and Black&Tan brewed this morning.
Getting pumped for the Corey Smith concert in #Cincinnati tonight!
you haven't called me in ages!! With whom are you talking? :)
I think the lobos r going to the 16
#InstantTurnOn Somebody that want to make something of there life!
“: That awkward moment when you wave at someone thinking its your best friend and it's not, but they wave back anyways.”
we'll invite to ease his pain
sorry it's a little late, but thank you!!! Xoxo!
Somehow the spirit in sports makes us want to do our best - probably because the greatest satisfaction often comes from the greatest effort.
love the last name! Where are u from?
This Heat squad look like the '08 Cavs
Rent paid and I got juice I feel like a boss Lol
Hope you guys had a great time!
very interesting... and true! it is for this reason that my new name is LE MEW
#VICTORY home theater is operational anyone want to come to a gaming tournament ?
sure. What do you do in Kentucky anyway?
Im gonna miss him so much :( I feel like everythings gonna fall apart without him :'( I cant stop crying my eyes out!! D':
Ford back at investment grade after 6 years in junk. Did out of court restructuring work better for them than Chrysler's and GM's 11s?
Agree. Pure speculation. No facts connecting dots. RT I can't stand when journalists write stories on their assumptions.
Jack White - Sixteen Saltines
Hate getting teary eyed watching
Just had an amazing couples massage at The Westin, so relaxed:-)
HOLY SHIT ME TOO, HIGH FIVE.
Just ate my dinner in about a minute and 45 second lol
AND I JUST MISSED MY 3,000TH TWEET! :'( oh well, by the time i'm at 4,000 i'll throw a party at my new place :)
Waiting to get picked up from school and it's raining..
I hate days like this.
Pimpin in my convo, bitches come in combos Pictures of Christopher on my wall all in my condo
No, it definitely said she didn't have an e-mail. Unless they changed that in the Random House edit.
agreed! I'm glad they're coming back=]
Tonight the better team is decided not by the team with more runs, but the team with a stadium roof.
get that computer keyboard going, email which will send your opinion to all 9 of the supervisors.
I know u ride with the windows down with If not he would suck up all the air in the truck. #SHOTGUNNOSE. LOL
yeah okay
it's epically cliché but amanda seyfried makes it 100x better.
that says a lot about you yo a lot of nigga don't even understand that song
Carnell Lake A-Phi-A RT : “: Roll Tide!!!!! ”GOMAB” Hey keep that off my TL! Please & Thank you
May run a full in 3 wks, if not I'll run a couple of 1/2's late summer & I've got Chicago in Oct. Races keep me happy :) x
Today is a beautiful day, cannot wait for my b-day tomorrow turning 43!
Can't wait to hear about the trip!! haha
Missing certain things
Looks like the day after tommorow outside.
watching news video of tractor trailers flying 100 ft in air in south Dallas. Crazy!
it has been reported that your grandfather was a communist in fascist Italy. How did become a conservative?
2. Focus efforts on "under-productive" areas of world - not those where we're near max productivity
HAVE A BLESSED DAY!
Love Bill Bryson's writing. This sounds like an interesting book, different from some of his other ones.
I was just having such a hard time last night, a lot of things are going on :/
Thank you for your follow and wonderful support :) Big Hugs!
Excited to have you joining us! RT : excited to celebrate design in LA this week with for #legends2012 !!!
Lot of cool peeps -, , , , , and distant sighting of
It's better to die upon your feet than to live upon your knees
being a stand up guy and leaving the world, or at least my community, in a better state than it was when I was brought into it
Dinner Time for mussels!
home or away?
Well played! :)
There is always next weekend :-)
#1 tip for feeling great on an interview? Wear really pretty underwear.
Now I know why rappers prefer purple this shit gets me hella
Slide before last showed BAMA's strategy for implementing #EQ - showed it VERY fast and ended the session! Left a lot 2 B desired
just as I read this I'm eating lucky charms u jelly? Lol
No Leah! Bad influence!
#busyydaytoday Meeting this morning at NSAI then writing session with then another meeting then workshop!! I love busy days:)
haha yeah that too. Too much to do lately. How ya doing?
like that huh !!!!!! How you feel now then really?
Implementing the new LMS...this should take some time...
San Francisco
Been in the chi for a day now and I already miss the lab
the Brewers should have pegged Albert 6 games ago. needed to give Larussa a little taste of Larussa.
We're getting close to 5000 friends people. Come support your neighborhood business and help spread the word!
YEAH! (thank you)
Thanks!!! What about guests?
Who wants to win blazer tickets for 3/29?
sent from the wrong account, my fault. I hope you all have a wonderful Thanksgiving!
Yes we did! Thanks! RT : hope you made it to Pasenda finally for the Rose Bowl; Go Badgers!
Thanks for tweeting! Let us know when you get it setup. Can't wait to see photos of you using it. :D
Happy Easter Sunday everyone. Stay safe & sexy! :-)
I love the minimalism (and the font!).
no I do not. Hence me wanting to be black so I could have cool looking dreads.
we know, right!!!
hahaha. What are you talking about?!(;
i get a better work out when i work out with someone else #sexualinuendo #sexual in your endo
No problem - Feel free to invite other educators in NJ to join. You have the ability to add your own resources/links Thx!
No, sorry - but thanks for the follow and the RT!
I hope so. If not now, when she's older she will!
My first new Nike Ravens jersey will be
torture! What like 6, 7 guys all hugging each other and me...?And you all break and little michaela walks out!
there will be some "adventures" with here soon..
I can't stand them
School in a few hours... I need sleep -.-
My phone is dry af... #Who Up
Shit and death are global phenomenons.
After everything I've been through, I think I deserve to be happy...
Does anyone out there think they've had a "normal" life?? Or is it just me that says "WTF is a NORMAL LIFE??
follow shes the girl to know
Today was great! I got a boyfriend!
RT I just want to crawl in a hole and die now:p
Holy Discontent = something's not right...someone has to do something...that someone is me!
Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
MEEK MILL /// NEXT TUES /// AFTER PARTY AT THE LONGBRANCH : )
Thanks..Heey are you a Belieber?
Its called a buff. This game just got serious. RT : : 1999 called. They want their Survivor headscarf back.
A sippin' Christian is a slippin' Christian.
Enjoying this day come enjoy an amazing evening this a classy young lady alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
Ive been working out girlie, we just got to meet up so we can excersize our abs with all our laughing!lol
I think I might go to the library today.
No worries! I love sharing indy makers with my readers. And I am so looking forward to getting my ring!
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work. - Rita Mae Brown
Tough loss yesterday in Houston. Rams have a long way to go and have to find a way to keep getting better. A couple days off and back 2 work
come in tha summer fool!
I mean I know it's kinda routine work but rules are rules and money is money on time and work what they pay us for
Overwhelmed by True Love today.
Can I get a tweet please? It would mean SO MUCH!! Sick today...this would make me feel so much better!!!!
I think T. Jones will be able to guard both frontcourt positions. He still has room to grow physically, & he's already a beast.
are you calling me a nightmare?
Brand Name Groceries for Free www.downowinfo I am giving 125 leads a week, enroll www.dowsite.info Ya gotta eat !!
thank you for your support!!
Up so early on a Saturday... Hope I don't fall asleep at the #Toastmasters conference. Don't think I will. Sounds like a good one!
Is Scioscia the problem? “: No team is further out of first place in the AL than the #Angels, now 7 games behind #Rangers.”
even w/canvas, we still use edmodo few places 4creating real course stream or around project requireing lots of interaction
Hey! The Pate last night was delish. Have you been to Baratin or FnB? Winemaker dinners at Baratin are so much fun!
OK Mac people, help. Viewing files from flash drive in finder, want to delete some. Del doesn't do anything, no option on rclick menu ...
you know it. it just...feels right. :)
Gettin ready to head out to for our meeting!
At MN Book Awards. So excited. My friend Julie is up for an award.
burned 99 calories doing 8 minutes of "Running (jogging), 5 mph (12 min mile)"
Make sure to elevate, ice it, wrap it and lots of rest and tlc. Aleve works well too. Please take care!
It also has to do with underemployment. 2 many r educated but......
Having all happy days would not be nice, but a set of them would be very appreciated.
Peace. Love. Venti soy latte.
Thanks for the #ff. Definitely in good company!
I have to divide & then my the number's factor & see wich is the greatest, I really don't know, lmao!
lol my cough coughing was on the positive side for lots of tweets per day :)
My house. =) I'll do some home-cooking haha.
funny i read the one about movie remakes earlier today
If I don't say this now, I will surely break as I'm leaving the one I want to take ~
WTF! I mean common I thought you were better than that! guess not slut.
Running to the light, get out of your own way, not afraid to fight believin what you say, Ill hold on til the night <3
Oh, man. That's awesome. Beyonce fans have claws!
your the one that got aways
Tour of California comes ripping thru nxt wk w/stage 3 starting a mere 5 miles from my apt on Tuesday!
Hey its gonja Tom, buds for life. Can you hook me up with some Theory of a Deadman tix -Thanks
Looks like I'll be awake until I go to bed this evening... It's gonna be a great/long dayy...
Almost the weekend, this was a long 4 day week.
#Women who #jog regularly live 5.6 yrs longer, & #men live 6.2 yrs longer than those who don't: Copenhagen City Heart Study
Going to bed at 8:34 am. Why am I still awake?
talking at #webwise about importance of story. #oralhistory would fit in nicely with initiatives to share stories
Escaped NYC to Adirondacks, where we are getting pounded. Heavy rains, wind, no power, whitecaps but no roof leak. Debating drive to town.
Super excited to hear the First Lady, , speak tomorrow! I feel like I should be taking notes.
When you feel like giving up, remember why you held on.
i guess the trend is naming yourself a clothing brand
had dinner w/ the Pages, finished my prep for MC-ing, now gotta execute.... 20 hrs until #cmumusic100 at the Benedum Center & live on
lol...I don't have any answers. Just thinking about how close they came to winning depresses me. If they lose tomorrow....
that movie needed more Pepper Potts tbh
Just wanted to give you a head's up, the Lost Concert has been canceled. If you could help us spread the word we'd appreciate it.
we as a people truly have "arrived" sorry i cannot be there....
Me, too, man.
NM new follower
LOL @ people that cuss out teachers
I'm glad you found the teaching statements post useful.
She said with a booty that won't quit..ha ha ha, why they got her playing this role.
We love that : ) RT Today's writing music: October Project. Exercise music: The Glitch Mob.
Giving away a pair of tix to at Nashville's Mercy Lounge on 5/1. Send me a tweet & they could be yours!
rock it!
Hey Websurfers! It's 5:00 pm, time to close shop! Hope you enjoyed today's videos. Remember to check in tomorrow for our top three comedy...
Dribble, pass, score..Who gives a shit?
if you're at the hotel in #Anaheim take a photo of standard room and upload to You'll be compensated for your effort
You guys were amazing!!! EVERYBODY MUST BUY #ChasingtheSun ON ITUNES NOW!!!
Pandora is doing me right at this point
just creating u?
brimfield, for sure. might do days closer to weekend? might do hotel room?
why for me?
Thanks so much for all your support!
How do I stream wvmetronews on iPhone
k! I sent it to ya
Damn shame to see Shaq doing commercials for Buick. When Kobe retires, I don't think he will be doing adds for Toyota
guess he couldn't afford the real deal. Just saw some kid wearing some fake ass
Decided this weekend I'm going to try some new recipes. wanna brine some chicken and bake it....
Listening to "Turn To You" ... perfection
Exactly! And thanks : )
nice! that's a great way to network. what's the name of the clinic?
Have you loved a Mother today?
CASTLE STALKER
Sobered up and won a grip of games
SO BAD!! Don't even think about getting anything from there!
Just had a great meeting on how to promote Azure College in Boca Raton. Feeling good
Inquired for pubs/grub in the north lamar/airport area, local business only. suggested Blck Star, Contigo, Pour House. What are your favs?
you know i gotta woman i can't answer when she round me, you can't be number two you shoulda left me where you found me
Being defeated is often a temporary condition, giving up is what makes it permanent.
My wife is a very obsessive cleaner who hates her job. I came up with the perfect Christmas gift for her. I shopping for a laundromat!
oh. Clearly I've never been to NYC. But it's on my bucket list.
Oh, most excellent. LOVE the cartoons!
hi hunney I'm good I love you
If one is good, then the whole box is better screams stomach ache!
In the music library. I currently represent 50% of the patrons here.
Strange sounds coming from the air duct...run for your life!
such a good point. food for fodder.
i've been addicted to boba for the last 5 years lol :) How many boba tea stations you have around your area? What state again?
My dad chews like a pig, STFU.
Dwayne Wade is obviously the cutest ball player, right?
I forget that I have a hookah quite often! I'm down to have a little kickback sometime
true but my comments were local : Don't ever travel outside of the USA... EVERYTHING is giving either male or female pronouns
naw they ain't $2 no more they expensive
Keep up the reading!
Whoa! He offered that? Amazing. He's always kinda marched to the beat of a different drum though.
Tweets for days! Got tickets in hand for the June 14th Ghetto Metal featuring Bazaar Royale, Viva Mayday, Ninjasonik, and more!
Thank you for the follow.
"USA or UK" To Queen or not to Queen that is the question...
Check out the Official Sponsor or the 2012 NYE MANSION MASQUERADE SOIREE!
Anyone else #LinkedIn ?
fasho, did u go see brother John at "Good Records" in the LES? Its pricey, but def worth a trip.
She was like you're a lesbian, then she was like you grudge ass streak ass bitch, then I was like fight fight fight. Now it's over :(
but i want you to tweet for me
Few people are interested and the frog dies of it
I think the circus surrounding the #trayvon martin case will result in a lack of conviction should # george zimmerman be charged
have a merry christmas what are your plans? :-)
The gays of Louisiana have no originality. YOU CAN'T BUY IT OFF EBAY BUDDY.
Congrats to skate team rider Lakai Beech for placing 3rd today at the comp in Shelley!!!
hahahahaha!!!! Best word ever!
how old are you ? (;
NO TRESPASSERS YEAH MY ASS WAIT TILL YOU GET A LOAD OF ME
Wow, what a beautiful day to be a Washingtonian! Enjoy the blossoms all!
Results from one precinct in for Macon County!
Good! “: Eating an apple a day helps lower cholesterol and improves digestion.”
Dissapointed in for selling me a groupon now today to - they were closed & I drove all the way from work!
Kyle Blades likes this. RT : Apple needs to make an emoticon for unbuckling your helmet. I'd use the shit out of it
LRT I Just Wanna Reach Through My Screen And Slap The Piss Outta That Girl
you're a Shawn Colvin song come to life, woman
I don't want to live in District 12
"If I Die Tomorrow" just know how much i really wanted you to love me! and that i would give my whole life for your safety and happiness! <3
Some the new music and genres that are coming out....are out of this world!
The most important things in life aren’t things. ~ Anthony J. D’Angelo
Welcome to the story!
Can't sleep
Looks like a lot of fun!
almost as good as rollin down my sexy windows~
You turn on that tv! Never give up on ur team!“: Can't do it anymore. TV off. Braves frustration quelled. reading book. #Braves”
For the next 7 hours swing by iVita Wellness and get the deal shown here: Complimentary 1/2G Ear Wax
Just woke from a dream where I hung out w/ like we were BFFs. Then had to leave for a meeting with
i know what does UAAP stands for! :D my cousin in the philippines just told me about that.. and just love ATENEO!!!!
I don't understand uniforms. Look like in front, #celtics from behind.
its been 4months since ive been in a relationship or got close to another boy!
Welcome to Twitter, you. :)
RT : shld We Judge Mitt Romney 4 Assaulting a Gay Classmate in 1965? Or Just 4 the Way He Chuckles When Asked abt it in 2012?
"Cowgirl 'N' Angels" will be released to theaters on May 25th and will be featured at the Dallas film festival in April. Yay! Exciting!
Headed to OPACY for the game....chances of this game being postponed?
Been splitting time to work on MJR RSS Feeds On Twitter and Facebook
that sounds so familiarr what was it?
In love with music <3.
You are welcome!
WTIA state tech awards - Best seed company of the year: Zipline Games
Maybe Ur filling out RT : I swear niggaz clothes is getn smaller and smaller nowadays
Hey where did the morning go
“: Follow My Bro An His Film Company : / ”
"on Facebook: I'm on Twitter, follow me! <3 Me on Facebook: All of you, just shut the fuck up."
Somethin about shopping at scottsdale fashion center puts me in holiday spirit!
Make sure yall go down 2 the Experience at St. Andrews. Support Detroit's music scene & my people &
#FF to these
Going to sleep early for a change. Night! XO
I'll take that hate, but everyone hate
Have you visited us lately? Check in at any location for special deals!
Friday night reading includes slavery and the making of America. Coupled with a thunderstorm and a blown out knee, looking like an early one
Going to the dentist hurts. Well, atleast I got PowerPuff Girl stickers! :D
Hasta La vista, TJ! He goes yard for the 2nd time in the series. Panthers up 8-5
I think that says more about the people than the cities, though.
So my lil sis decided to throw cold water on me in the shower so when she was showering I took her towels & threw ice cold water on her >=)
Where did I put that hand sanitizer?
Emma Stone and Ben Stiller possibly the best presenters of the night. She's so presh!
. Vote for jobs, schools, and small businesses—vote for the American Jobs Act.
Can you please reply to my DM?! Love you xoxo
The Brewers play the Mariners in Seattle today with a scheduled start time of 9:30 PM CT.
Drinking coffee while roasting coffee! Ain't life grand?
. - consider my vote cast for to host
yeah I've been freaking dying. I just wanna shoot..50 threes...
what thinking just drive out for the weekend and have a couple nights out. That would be cool
#FETISH RT They butt naked in the strip club >>>>
LOVE this! I raise a glass of O.J. to you and your student!
It makes me sad that the Condescending Wonka isn't funny anymore. Sigh.
thanks! We should have a new recording in the next couple of months!
the best thing in the world <3
Bar B cue!
Don't underestimate the power of the Twitter ... you can't walk away that easily
RT : Counting physical forms, fuck me!
I wish the dollar store had a gas station :(
same here
Like branches on a tree, our lives may grow in different directions yet our roots remain as one.
Sixteen countries. Forty-plus cities. One amazing adventure. Thank you Luxembourg for giving me the time of my life!
So happy! Loving life each day!
you love me
AAVG DOT approval pending very soon.... hearing company update this week....
Hitting the hay!! Night twitter pals!!
Our greatest power is the power of CHOICE! CHOOSE WELL! Bishop Dale C. Bronner
dam that sucks! Turiaf is
Oh hey look. is a #FenkartFan! Thanks Denise - The B Side. RT : loved your CD...thank you!!
Had a good time! Looking forward to returning!
practice control. Says the girl with the impulse tattoo.
Good Afternoon Thanks for following our twinning related tweets!
Kayak, I hate you for emailing me about Vegas vacation deals when, for the THIRD year in a row, I haven't been able to go to #bisc >:(
just wish you could see this from my view....dam..
RT : BREAKING: Mexico's culture agency: Prolific Mexican novelist, essayist Carlos Fuentes dies at 83. -EF
Think I'll make a surprise...
Someone should really start a fund for that. I bet we could buy you all kinds of a life.
Don't let the weather stop you! We've got a GREAT show lined up!
OneDegreeCap is at #GABF this weekend - so many great breweries here (especially our friends !)
Shoot #keeper RT : BREAKING: announce OF Carl Crawford has UCL sprain in left elbow and will be shut down from baseball activity
why is walmart so slow today?
Fuck the bears n the giants but ill root for the bears I guess. Peyton is better than Eli n e ways.
#WhatIMissMost is when when easily reply to my tweets and DMs );
A #greatlife starts by creating a foundation of abundance and #nourishment that we can draw from.
Titanic with my 2 favorite cousins(:
#BizForum Hi there, so sorry I missed your tweet. Hope your week is going well.. Cheers
Alright, , I'd like to throw my hat in the ring for Ant-Man.
Looking for a little motivation. Gonna go to a movie with my Mr HotGuy and see if he'll plot a new series with me!
well lookie here! :) hello stranger!
This shit has got to stop.
First wager of the week for me...NBA: Toronto +8.5. CBB: Drexel -7.5. Starting the week at 44-35 for the Month.
It appears pressuring Cuse might have been a good idea earlier...
why the fuck are all of my dreams about drugs..?
He made a good case for his company's existence ;) Good analysis of OER risks and the company's future
My Son Is ENOUGH
Mind Ur Business!!!!
i fucked girl
Great now I'm going to be singing zoobie zoobie zoo all night long.
Are you giving away any tickets for the NYC #Workoutinthepark??
THANK YOU FOR COMING.... FOR COMING TONIGHT
As your State Rep I voted against using stimulus money to fund budget shortfalls for public schools!
loving life. feeling good
Nice win for the #Bruins! Losing streaks are never fun. Just ask the Sox.
Can you only commit to donating your ducklips on Facebook?
RT RT #Taurus don't sleep around as they do not like strange beds.
let's go!
The real geniuses simply have their bright ideas closer together
that's a good week.
#Laker haters. Damn, do they make me angry!!! they so pathetic.
I better see you tomorrow! :)
"Creatures of Light: Nature’s Bioluminescence" opens Saturday
These girls are talking about someone right infringe of them. Wow classy
I love what happened last night, but the Colt McCoy slander on my timeline is just terrible.
Look who's endorsed ,
I been there 6 months and still got black & white wtf lol
I just dove thru a bag of frosted mini wheats like a drunk stoner who's been starved for a week.
[DC] TONIGHT- Summer Breeze Concert Series Part 2 Live From Historic Takoma Station Featuring
I don't like having my dog knocked out for a teeth cleaning, but the lady that does it with a toothbrush has moved. #listerinefordogs?
it's so funny how much of a kiss ass this girl is and she's so stupid.
Sleeping on a sunday morning !
Daimnn today has been boring afffff
Can't wait to tune in tonight! "Red Eyes, no smarts, can't snooze" -- in my best Coach Taylor Friday Night Lights voice
i tweet a lot dont i >:)
What's the longest word in the dictionary????? Is it Antidisestablishmentarianism????
Ah gotta love Vegas. Having a good time with my girl!!!
Harping on someone to lose weight doesn't work. Neither does verbally abusing them.
Can You Pleases Follow Me Back :) Starve A Bully Feed A Soul Stand Grand
My phone was stolen by !!!!!! She's a thief of a gf...she stole my heart.
#IndigoMortgage is locally owned and operated. We are very proud to serve our customers with the highest integrity and value. 505-836-5700
Feel no pain and psych your mind
I love MAF but you have to pull him. Asham should get a suspension. Geno needs to show up for Pens to pull out.
Happy to say I was accepted for my internship interview. Now to work harder on building my resume for a paying job!
it is not looking good here in Daytona.. the sky is grey and gloomy :(
FMG TV is now casting at twitter building for lmao TV a new twitter comedy & music video TV show filmed at twitter (SF) follow
now following this chico .>>>>>>>
Thank you!
If I don't find a way to watch "Downton Abbey" I am going to punch something.
thanks :) you the best <3
I consider myself a bit of a drink connoisseur (high point brews mostly) but ?? Nah, dun. Everyone else
So my therapist gave me a box of dog biscuits at the end of my appt. I'm hoping for a toaster oven next time...
Hey man! How's the elder Surratt? Tell him I said hello!
mine not until Sunday though
Treat ya girl right or somebody else will, simple as that
I reallyy love how, even though we hhaven't seen each other in forever, me and Tyler are still incredibly close, <3 :)
Throwaway tweet.
At the bradley center watching the hockey game between the Admirals and Wolves. My first time at a hockey game.
its fresh!
Why am I still up?
. to National Journal! Great news
I doubt will ever notcie me, but im crying right now because i dont have a ride to go 2 hours away 2see him in WI. ILOVEYOU 5
I'm in Daytona beach, FL and it's currently 33 degrees
Ashmasters has been cleaning chimneys and performing masonry repairs in the Washington Metro Area for years.
RIP MCA, an amazing musician leaves this planet and we still have britney,the kardashians, and boy bands
The movies aren't even scary.
Hey early birds: enter by tmw to be included in our 2nd Early Bird drawing! Score a chance at $15K and our grand prize
i miss you
Brunch is served New afternoon special hot ham sandwich with homemade chips or fried $5.95
Everyone knows that cookies have a one day shelf life. We learned that in high school chemistry class. So, eat up!
Gay Newspaper Editorial On Trayvon Martin's Death Ignores Reality Of Racial Oppression Our guest bloggers areA Jeff Krehely , Vice Presid
Our developers are looking into it. What browser are you using by the way?
I need some meds n rest n I'll b good lol
Linking to #JAMA restored, but very slow.
I spoke at Johnson & Wales University today.... 30 minites followed by boisterous questions and answers. I really had a great time.
Passionate Friday night show @ Narroway. Now off 2 bed ~ gotta get there bright / early in the a.m. and do it all again! #doyouknowmyJesus?
IS Peyton performing in atlanta anytime soon?! i soo need to see him!
omg I dare youu
you'll get the hang of it eventually.
everytime I see your avi I think it's Minnesota.
Come one come all to round two of our karaoke contest tonight at 8pm. $200 cash prize!
You Make My Heart Race... You Are My kryptonite i love you! plz RT??
#PIYOW RT #instantunfollow if you ask me to DL your single and you're not or
will be visiting today for the PTPR Wine & Dine!
Can't have fun in NYC anymore. Way to much drama
Going to see The Crazies with a crazy named
<- Arguably the best food in the world for beards!
So far, no plans. But I will keep you posted if I am in the vicinity! Too bad you don't have budget to fly me up there!
Want to attend #surgecon, but neither me nor my co. can afford $350 to get in :'(. Here's hoping for some videocasts!
Awkward Marathon <3
If that one little thing didn't happen, things would be so different.
Every family is weird in their own special way.
yo you...hey you....whats up?
You're like 15 and all you tweet about is sex?
Just reminded how human/male I am. Got stuck at the Hot Wheels endcap for 5 minutes.
Which driver package was that big? We have some large packages, but there should be bare drivers that are smaller than that.
that's true gets stoned 24/7
"Who is phoebe brown? Is that the one from the magic school bus?"
Do you know who did the cover art for this month's GI? It's absolutely amazing, and I would like to know who drew that masterpeice.
think it's time to come out of hibernation now that march is here?
Up and about today, working on a design for promotion for work, but will take a break around 3:00 to go play a softball game in Gahanna.
Happy birthday! You're old.
Feel free to contact us with any questions you may have
Love you guys. Let me know if you need anything.
Hoodie Allen >>>
Time for lunch!
Lien Design Customer Testimonial: "These are just the most amazing, creative and wonderful designs I could have asked for."
Good first round
I'm glad that you're the one rapping… oh my goodness...
m.....had jam-filled thumb print cookies instead...m
we are excited to work with your guys!
Now playing "Something to Believe In" by
Judge says "does that day work for the resoondent?" Mercy frowns. Judge: something wrong counsel? Mercy: well, where else is he going to
Is Anyone Up?
talked about how you have to "disrupt yourself" to change and be successful. #Kodak was his how-not-to example.
I'm glad we could be a part of what sounds like a pretty great day! --Minus the sad hand... :( Feel better!
you're AWFUL!
another lymie? Thanks for the follow nice to meet you. There are more and more people I find that have lyme disease!
I love Nashville!
Willie O'Ree Lives!!!
Thanks for the suggestion to follow me! :)
Man the two best teams in the league haven't played in a long time. Sweeping teams gets you rest. Which is much needed in the NBA playoffs.
hi miss morgan! Next week would be great!
I think the real moral to this story is that u should never dislike orange sherbet or u get your ass left
#WhitneyCNN - THE most beautiful, poignant, riveting & awe inspiring Church service I've ever witnessed. God Bless & RIP Whitney Houston.
And yet another star becomes legendary...Rip in Peace Ms. Houston!
Bigger than my body
Using the data drives data quality!
#BoyzAreBack YEAH BUDDY! I cannot wait! Gonna tell everyone in school to watch :)
When the best leader’s work is done the people say we did it ourselves!
THE WHOLE TIME.
I know,smh
~So excited to see Mom & Aunt Kathy! Hope mom does ok on her very first flight ever, but u know shes got to meet her baby!! Woo!
who was that duet who opened up for Taylor? seriously. they were good.
We have swum in the pool. We had a good time!!!!!!!!
what? What new Titan movie?
Still...pretty sure it was better than my day at work.
I had to delete one of those #bitchtweets cause I realize that sometimes you have to ask for help. That's important, too.
You okay?
I really don't wanna miss this OKC and Lakers game tho.
M&C Life Sciences: no printing restrictions, no DRM barriers, entire university has access. Wow!
Popular place. lots of checkins RT : Just checked into "Your Girlfriends Butt" on dickfoursquare
no way. those are brill. How much?
Is there a policy on how many times you have to say "This is NPR" an hour?
Big Thomas Kinkade fan. Sorry to hear of his passing as well. Extraordinary #painter! Of course now his work will be cost prohibited!
Just about done cutting The Alumni Club's new music video so..... who wants to see it?
Before Westerners rage at China, they should look into their own history to see stories of activists killed, movements crushed.
The people at Walgreens suck at cutting film. Seriously, I used a fisheye, the picture is in a circle. It's not that hard.
had a great time in walkerville...saw an old friend from grade school, got interviewed, lots of thumbs up, and only two arghs from losers!!
The #Indians TV postgame guy (wikipedia tells me it's Chuck Galeti) mesmerizes me every single night at work. He is SO animated.
“God entrusts to you his care of the young.”
grind'n! lol
Making Fresh Belgian Tomorrow In The Morning Yummy
it isn't like you have earned it... Also, and I want to know why you would ask on Twitter.
Tune into ESPN U
-im not into crushing dreams.. if you want to rap baby rap, want to model then Go Girl, etc. I support movement & progression.. lol
Eating at Biscuits Cafe. A portion of the proceeds goes directly to Open Arms Intl. Good till 2:30pm today only. #
this is true. Be a good talker you can take over the world
...clip the wings that get you high...
words of wisdom
Sorry it's not downloadable but I make highlight vids 4 YouTube. I'll mention you on the show. Msg me if u still want 2 download.
Lakers Heat would have better storylines. Historic storylines. Kobe vs LBJ is a lot more enticing than LBJ Durant
Guess who has 200 followers!? We'll be releasing contest details for the Action Item Prize Pack soon!
Happy Jazzfest! Tonight, Groovesect w/Fred Wesley, Leo Nocentelli and Dirty Dozen horns + more guests at Tip's, 2am!! After the Radiators!!!
Stopped for gas and I was wondering why ppl were starring at me. Then I remembered, I'm in AZ. They must want to see my passport.
what exactly did u hear?
Our all new formula contains natural and organic ingredients and is loaded with antioxidants! call today to schedule an appt! 857-8287!
I have the most talented and amazing friends.
Cinco De' Mayo!
& I DO IT FOR THE CITY CAUSE I KNOW THE CITY LOVE A NIGGA!!! LEE COUNTY I GOT US!!! I just want y'all to be proud of me..
I wonder if i will dream more cause im going to bed curious.
Benjamin is 13 & can have all dairy thanks to participating in the Baked Milk Study funded by FAI. We are grateful beyond!
Mad shout out to super sexy and some really funny tweets always on the follow back
where you at bruh?
Dr. Benjamin: "Health is about preventing homelessness through health insurance, comprehensive care, jobs that pay a living wage."
Who has their tickets for the Roxy beer & vegan food festival in LA next month!? We do!
You should have worn jorts to kill 2 birds with 1 stone.
Litepanels has asked Cindy and Matt to speak on a filmmaking panel at NAB in April. So cool!
Yankees sign Raul Ibanez to DH on one-year deal
miss you man! I gotta come out to Bsu again and rage with everybody!
Saw your Dr's Appointment-themed talk for 1st time on YouTube this morning: excellent.
Tried to move a squeaky table quietly through the library, dropped it on my leg instead. That's gonna leave a mark.
Rex on KSR..you gotta make that happen, but you'll need a #bleep or a #buzz for profanity!
I will Unfollow you if you just say 'lol' to everything
I have xm as well love it during Football Season,im good,just done working out April ugh..lol
Hi! #graphic #designer working for my Parents, watch out internet here comes the Pfahl's!
anyone know of articles, posts, people to refer to about self reflection in learning?
Beautiful Tweeps... Thanks for the
lol sober today <U+E312> <U+E328>
that's what's up tho
It's about Slash, stranded in the middle of a field and unable to attend Axl's wedding. And then she's dead.
hi bryan
“: BRO THIS KID IS SUCH A CREEPER” ops...
Vera Wang is disgustingly skinny. Yikes.
call him.
Art museums n stuff
It's official. I just wasted an entire day by procrastinating. I'll reprimand myself tomorrow.
I blame Hulu. RT Appeciate the unemployment comic; I'm unemployed through May and have the same goals and realities.
Join us TONIGHT - Botany for Designers: Book Talk with Kimberly Duffy Turner, 6:30 at the HORT. Free event +1 LACES CEU
the first day of junior yr was so hectic since they all made mistakes on our schedules....felt like freshman yr all ova again! :l
One of those pictures was from me! I thought I was the only one.
ah yes, new printer demo. I really should be involved with my expertise in the field. 8-)
What did they do now?
I am going to lose a shit load of weight and I don't care what it's going to take. I WILL DO IT!
I had a short stay at recently.I've been hospitalized a few times in Major Cities - this was my very BEST experience ever T/Y!
yes ma'am! 21 yrs old ;)
Thanks for RT! Good luck with Mizdirection at
Anybody wanna smoke some j's today? My treat
What did you have for Lunch?
playing Chicago tonight at river north , cos, tewz and maxabstrax. Sets from 10pm until 4am. Loop music in the loop
“: While at Harvard, Jeremy Lin stole the idea of playing in the NBA from the Winklevoss Twins.”
Yep!! All or nothing now mate! Where you watching it?
i know! I miss you!
Thanks for the mention
Helouu (new boyz) how are you? my brother hafe the face with you rally!
I think the replica AL champ ring sold me on suffering through a Mariners game...
Thanks, gal!
Not sure about valet (I took a cab).
Vote today!
I love the deals. it will take time for them to gel. Clubhouse chemistry will be fine.
Faculty and admin aren't thinking long term. So, it wasn't so much an argument as us saying "have you though about DP at all?"
put me on your tops :)
bed time
CANNOT WAIT ANY LONGER.
I Wish I Had A Million Bucks.. Just A Couple Stacks!
hah! kk but yes i do cave i believe he is a sexy man with great ab features, the screaming little preteens just creep me out!
Thanks for following me! Don't wait for your ship to come to you...swim out to it.
Get any #books as holiday gifts? If so, what are they? We'd like to know! :)
Mikael: Notion of "converting" leaves more freedom to chose, e.g., to drop info when exposing
thank you and thank you(: <3 are you in middle school?
#lifevineworks really digs what does! Keep reporting on fantastic creativity!
Gantner, who played at third base in place of Paul Molitor, extended his hitting streak to 8 games.
*raises shot glass*
My second phase of Y3T training with Guru Neil Hill. Body weigh is 10 lb heavier than when started my contest prep back in July <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
There's always that one teacher at school that is a little too friendly.
Ways up with this he said she said bull ish I am tierd of #stupid ish
watchin the battles! Good luck to tonight's dj's! Let's go!
haha sure thing (:
me and Racey were talking about that earlier she was asking me what I was wearing lol
date Alex constancio
me too! Goodnight (:
A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time!!!
I needa cop some rain boots
can't wait for this #summerjam line up to be released!! Going crazzyyy!
I hate ... I hate.... Well I just hate how people stress about fashion. Just wear track pants, sweat shirt, and no makeup..you're a beaut.
I almost have two good enough reasons to call the guys on car talk
#Badgers Brianna Decker wins the 15th Patty Kazmaier Award. This is Wisconsin's fourth
Road trips! Top five favorite road trip movies…. Go!
Do you have a favorite Good Food Awards Finalist? Tell us who!
I'm gonna be depressed all weekend and cry in a corner cus I'm not seeing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Test your taste bud's tolerance today! Order some fries and dip them in any of our 'hot' sauces like Ancho Chili and Chili-Cilantro
"The truth is like sunlight. People used to think it was good for you."
Looking forward to the first of many in the SP kitchen/lounge tomorrow :) M #Macarons!
lame rappers <<<<<
Dear [ex del] who hit my car in the middle of the night and drove off without leaving info: [ex del] you [ex del] [ex del] [ex del] [ex del]
today's my birthday and I would love it if u wish me a happy birthday!:)
I'm certainly no expert, but I think Romney is going to give Obama a run.
oh lord, i already saw one of kiera! haha
Baltimore aquarium!
Needs a new job.. better pay better hours.. better management.. better opportunities
Aaron Rodgers? meh....he cant play baseball
I could answer any question related to spongebob, but if you put a math test in front of me I'd probably cry.
Suprisingly well, considering.
at the shop trying to get some work done....lol
Organizations that invest more in infrastructure do more with programming
I am going to expand marketing to include the buy back program for retailers. A little insurance will go a long way
so apparently the media says Obama supporting gay marriage will hurt his chance for re-election because BLACK people wont vote for him now.
Today my mom taught me what a bumbershoot is... True story happy early
“: so bummed to miss you guys!!!! :(” yeah me too. Wanted some girl talk :)
Hey, you don't see Tiger wearing orange on Sundays #red :) RT ah yes Bill - the biggest question of them all!
RSVP: Renaissance Literary & Talent
i know i was @ work i got the number now tho so i'll hit u up
Your dad. "We are a week away & already I have my snorkel gear on my body, walking around the house getting used to the fins!"
Let's hope we're good for another 100 years.
I'm having trouble finding tweet able nuggets from Garrett close.
you're dumb!! I said "drawing" letters NOT "spelling" letters! So that's why it makes NO sense! So get off your high horse
I would love to see the real Mizz Hogan!
I'm literally scared to post a status on fb. I feel like everyone is gonna judge me so hard. how sad is that?
love me?thanks<U+263A>
merry Christmas!
Is she the one who was looking for four in a row this year?
Sometimes all you need to heal something is time.
I wished I can just go back to how it used to be .
Good Morning Loves :)
Who is #tonydorsett starting this week in his #legendsfantasyfootball league?
Oh god lol
I know I'm not poor in the greater scheme of things, but I'm poorer than I was & I don't like it.
Congrats! RT : Waking up in #NYC w/ those I love most surrounding me & here to support me as I officially get my Master's degree
…..and pickles! Bought 2.
All the grass in the Midwest is so green right now... Except at Livestrong Park. What is going on there?
I can't wait to watch it. Thanks for the link, friend.
Staying up untill 12:00am just to wish a happy birthday #AllNighter(:
Dear , please keep the Thursday night primetime lineup forever. Seriously. Forever. XOXO, Nora
Yes, Trivia Night Tonight in Bellevue, still using but they're bringing in a new host! + Nomu now serving entire Boom menu!
so who is it lol
Dropbox will still dominate google drive. Google will suffer their first loss as a company as a result of pushing their name as weight.
spaz is enough on his own that I lose.
MRS.LESTER where ever u are be ready to take over some shit right under my arm ;-)
I don't wanna remember!
oh my gosh that just made my day :) I freaking love you
got any good candy? I am tired of eating what we have. how about a trade
RT : Brewers will destroy Astros tonight at 7:10. We hope you'll come to Karma and destroy some delicious food and......
even though things r gonna be hectic don't neglect pickup games!! lol
Sorry I've been gone ladies.. I'm still sad. But I hope wins the Super Bowl cuz then at least I lost to the champion!
Before preparing your home for sale, one of the things you must do is to improve its outdoor appeal l
The Bucks have a small garbage can clumsily placed on a skateboard? Sweet. Better than I thought.
hey, cool, thanks!
Follow me please. I really need your help. Pretty please with a cherry on top. Make my bff's dreams come true.
It's not there? Fuck... It was car.
#Echelon3000 Thursday Free All Night !
See them clowns run around n shit.
#durability for yay !scratched get or break didn't it miraculously and floor the on pro macbook my dropped finally ... me
Great choice!
Never had this happen. But I fell in love with a girls ass today while I was walking home from school..
u ever gonna come clean on Roger Clemens hgh use?
Jazz Night in Southwest is tomorrow night from 6-9! Come out and enjoy great music, food and fellowship
gonna go lay out and listen to some music.
Dang laptop completely broke I'm to sad
They carry original Dr. Pepper which is no longer made. The Dr. Pepper with real sugar. It is pretty yummy.
Okay closing tomorrow and hanging out withy 2 wonderful sons on Mothers Day!
Who made up the rule that you have two words in your name to be a cool city in California?
Don't forget about the official opening of our Mequon Store this Thursday 5-8! Comp makeup lessons Wed and Thur 10-4...book it and be there!
#ThingsIGetALot Why are you so tall!!??<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
thanks for the follow -see you at the event!
Early mornings be the most peaceful #GOODMORNING Blessed with another day
Movies can change your outlook on a lot of things.
I love 's hair and dress!
A Skylit Drive, good emo music
I love me some #WILDEGGS!!
um. Yes!
honestly, best new comedy along with new girl this season imo
Happy thanksgiving !!!
I concur RT : Congrats on a HUGE season on great job! Milwaukee is proud!
your welcome but you know its true.
Watching YouTube videos of Jean Baudrillard.. Has anyone read Seduction?
Problem is, I care too much. Solution, stop caring.
Feeling energized after an awesome swim this morning and the beautiful weather. Planning to spend the whole day outside
Love saw it, love called my name love saw me change love rescued me from the danger of pain. Baby Face Lyrics are timeless.....
Watching Law and Order and I was greeted with the beautiful face of <U+2764>
my thoughts are the listless flat years
Great mtg with the MDO Admin Dept. Heads &
#HappyMothersDay my mom is the best <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
If you are experiencing a session of depression. Pay attention to what you are telling yourself and start again.
omfg(: if I were to do that I would do get a detention!!:p you guys are funny<3
Give a man a fish, he'll eat for a day. Give a man a Phish album, he'll be stoned for a lifetime.
rt "...1 of our next 500 new followers has chance to win Dogs of Slate calendar: bit.ly/p6P3ws #Slate250k"
oh so true it does such ass here ............hm how about we meet up and go on another cruise !!!!!! ROUND TWO!!!!
Chinese food makes me feel better.
I don't know a lot of it either tbh. Just tryna' think positive.
Consistancy.... “A Minute with Maxwell” Free Daily Coaching from: www.johnmaxwellteam.com Sign up to get them every morning!
Great rehearsal! Love our team!
Thanks! We appreciate it!
yes brother me too!
i was just about to present this tweet to the world as well ... i love it
Brett's classes are all set......he is going to be one busy boy :)
Oh, the difference the right knife makes in mango cutting!
bible doubted their faith. Are they stupid? Only thing stupid about his comment was that you included it and his lack of grammar
Only an open heart understands that everyone who enters our life is a guest bearing a gift.
If u see how i act at home u wouldnt recognize me
wow....thats pretty big...even Denise Derringers aren't that big...
Happy birthday to another Broadway legend and one of my first Broadway heroinesg Patti LuPone!
I doubt anyone will ever beat my record of three rooms painted a total of five times in three days.
WEB FLYER DESIGN (single sided) - Only $30.00 today until 8pm (central time). Normal price is $45.00 - MWWdesigns.com
Firefighters remember the fallen ELGIN — The Elgin Fire Department hasn’t lost a firefighter in active duty since 1974, but
Callback for Sea World commercial.... first time auditioning with children! Super fun!
Session 2: Digital Media Cyber Policy #GSMRS with panelists Scott Busby and Suzanne Hall from
Whats the point in living if you aint,smiling...
Horford is doing it.
"Speed dating" lunch tom. w/high school girls. The event aims to give them max 1on1 time w/fem. role models. Honored. Can't wait to inspire.
Episode 1 in 3D begins tonight at midnight!!!! I'm stoked!!! D.
that's not fucking funny. some of us are in mourning. sorry for being a true fan.
Bestfriends can just as easily become strangers, as strangers can become best friends.
Hope to see some of you tonight at Cocktails for a Cause! Join us in Red from 6-8pm with proceeds going to Alzheimer's Association!
Thanks for the follow! Have a great day!
Follow Me Please!? 67
I just want to hug you and tell you how much I miss you! :(
Welcome back #MAGIC attendees!
One month left to get in YOUR application to teach next summer in South Africa as a TWA Fellow! www.teachwithafrica.org
yep, I have a booth at the LA Times festival of books (ok sharing on) want to come! Sell your zines!
Just cuz I got the light on...what kinda mess is this.!??
Waking up in Santa Clara #demo2012. To paraphrase Apocalypse Now, "I love the smell of VC in the morning!!"
Thank God I don't ever do anything to my hair so I don't have to wake up til 6:30. <U+2764>
#Literacy & #language tip for parents :Continue to read to and with your children even into adolescence. Have fun discussing books!
As well they should--these are all lawful demonstrations, plenty of opportunity for people to get involved in peaceful/legal
Jesus is control of my life, and that makes me feel ALRIGHT!! Hallelujah to The King of Kings and The Lord of Lords, My Saviour, My Love!
You ain't gotta go, she ain't gotta know.
God's not dead! He's surely alive..living on the inside, roaring like a lion!! Love that song!
But you, O Lord, are a God merciful and gracious, slow to anger and abounding in steadfast love and faithfulness. Ps 86:15
Knocking some josh wawa on the road to viva las Vegas
Awesome! RT : Mission accepted. Did u know that #CovertTU is a special mission? It's the day b4 my birthday!
Happy Groundhog Day !
min is a template function so it is generated based on the types its is passed, only expects 1 type. vec.size() returns size_t
laughing is the best medicine.But if you're laughing for no reason,you need medicine
this, or that cylon detected drums thing for your txt message alert
Let's just all agree to keep talk of a Santorum surge to a minimum. No that there's anything wrong with it!
Finally home from Dallas
In theory, I guess this is true. But im not that kinda gay. Im more day of. Bossing people around. This goes there, no thats ugly ect.
Strict new Arizona abortion laws decree pregnancy begins TWO WEEKS before conception
Key to mitigating risk is making sure people view unlikely but potentially catastrophic future events as real...Sargut
Just killed my set... great crowd, the homie Mac L up now... let's go!
Changing guitar strings, windows open & blasting music by It's a good day!
Do it for Horton
Thanks for the support #NewFollowers Have a great week!
indeed I am. Lol
Eric Bell: "It's a good video - I think you should go online and share that video with your friends. I'm from Little Rock."
Happy Birthday !!!!!!! I love you so much! Wish I was with u to celebrate and cheers with bubbly :) xoxo
I love how non black ppl are more excited about black history than me. I love being of the black race but I do gr8 things because I have 2
eh our pledge class didn't think much differently during this time about two years ago hehe ;) smarty pants
Look dude ur tweets r inspiring
Pitino has pulled Davis out to guard the shooter. RT : Offensive rebounds have made this a game
no problem. :)
And don't forget to pick up any two top shelf grams for a low $30 donation!
Group messaging >
students & adults get started in the process. Would love to connect if you're interested. Lots of great overlap!
dude take me with you lol:)
i really like what you've done to me... im so into you.
"She says..., I got my mind on money". -Young Jeezy
I can't seem to get going this a.m
I need to pray because I dislike you so much right now that if the Lord came back at this very moment I might not make it!!!!!!!!!!
In a couple of hours, it will be 3am
The buyers made the right choice on #FashionStar. Ross wouldn't take advice from the mentors or the buyers. It's time to go home, Mr. Texas!
u sure?
Niall please can u take the time to RT #RN20 it's for my best friend who took his own life Sunday I love you Ryan!
I cant sleep... thinking of you... ah shit. i really miss you.
So glad you chose the tarte flambee--thanks for sharing photos as well.
Thank you :) So do you.
aw thank you! You always gave one of the best speeches !
my whole family is like 6ft some shit so im supposed to get taller :-) lol
"Cain 'totally respects women,'" wife says while dressed in sexy nurse outfit.
Back to the stadium tonight. I think I can survive a 4 game homestand.
Working on that. Maybe august...
Good question, but until the public recognizes the value of liberal arts ed the English major will decline or stagnate.
I'd say the World Cup because it's easier to track all of the matches (and thus more followable) than the Olympics
This may be the first time we've had to record a "clean" version and an "explicit" version of one of our song. Oh....so edgy.
ROCHESTER RULES!
I love my moms spaghetti <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I miss my car.. Smh cant wait til I get it fixed b/c I cant take dis!! :o(
Rip heavy d
Yeah, I would have preferred he got a nom over Freeman for INVICTUS
Workout b4 work. It's so nice they both r at the same place
I hate to be an alarmist after just ONE GAME, but absolutely NOTHING in game 1 felt right! Reminded of SF World Series
What happens when April fools is all a big joke that has lasted for years hmm(;
Do not buy Dr. Dye's electric #VoltaicBelt. It promises to restore sexual vitality and nerve force but chafes unpleasantly and does not work
#follow these #hospice folks!
I love wrapping Christmas presents :)
why is there never a TT for american directioners? OH THATS RIGHT probably because everyone else will hate on it.
Not loathe: read more "with a grain of salt". -- RT : Guess that means you all hate us professional higher education reporters? :)
Pittsburgh or Green Bay? Rollin with the Pack -3 and Over 45. Get $
Thanks for the RT Fred! We're hoping to really make a difference with #SmartScore (*wings & feathers crossed*)
#ireallywant what i cant have
Hey there RT me...it sure would make my night!
Man, I couldn't agree more about Barajas.
Oh yay, we finally got to 400!
RT BREAKING: UN atomic agency report notes Iran rapidly expanding activity that could be used for arms.
Congratulations to on receiving funding from ! bit.ly/oiy52H
Why am I such a bitch? Oh yeah I almost forgot, because of people like you.
Bought a Personal & The Pizzas 7" on from and it rules. Also ate pizza. Coincidence?
me of course silly.
"I remember my first shave." -
As I say when offered German "cuisine," "I fear the wurst is yet to come." RT : It's time to hit the ground punning.
It looks like Druid Hill Park has gone to the dogs. Thanks folks I'll be here all week. Try the veal.
You Forced It!! Naw Some Nigga That Brandon Arguin Wit!
Mind you i prefer my women with a bit of meat on them
Possible #EarlySigns of Autism: Cannot tolerate change in routine or environment, such as a new toothbrush or a replacement for a lost toy.
I'm pretty sure there's a loophole in there somewhere... Maybe the ratio of cats to years lived? I'm sure you'd qualify. ;)
U misplaced your passport again & Jon just slipped on it while dashing to receive news Mac baby crowning. Am I right?
Don't think we forgot about you! Hope you stocked up on some soup!
RT : Here's a peek at 3 different nail collections coming this spring & summer. Can you guess which line its...
LORD HEAL ME!!
On our way to the location to do some scouting! Stay tuned for pictures and maybe a little video...
Woohoo! See you there! Thanks for rallying support.
Tax Brandywine is looking for sponsors for our Dec 30th CD Release show! Know anyone interested in #advertising their company? contact us!
I'm trying to watch the Oscars but all I hear is "bewmeemeebewmeemeebew" constantly in the background.
next time boil some cinnamon sticks and than add that as ur water so holy good lol
follow back?
their guacamole is FIRE!! Congrats, hope you're a lifer now <3
Bold prediction/wishful thinking, MR also narrowly takes OH & TN
glad to hear it made my day.
It's easier to slip it purlwise rather that knitwise, but end result is the same.
RT Truth! RT : Rebecca Black < The Millionaires. And that's bad...
RT : Toughness is having the mental fortitude to shut off the little voice that is telling you to take the easy way out
Immma be SHUFFLIN UNDER THE MISTLETOE this Christmas.
To all my new followers thank you, what a Great Day!! Here in Denver!!
RT : Welcome to to the Scouting crew
#pdstechconf - Thank you! Malcolm Gladwell was so inspiring... I'm thinking about "being hungry and nimble" -so many good ideas heard today
Please do not get me started on the half time Superbowl show. The show was horrible. Madonna and the rest: Madonna you too OLD!!
Thank God we can vote in this country!
Did you make that?
RT : T2 What are you planning, personally &/or professionally for #NHDD? Talking to your family? Hosting an educational event?
I have been using and getting help at for the past 12 years. Good service from people and towers!
That exhale? Why, that's just me, basking in the glory of fully transitioning to the AMS.
OH HELL YES!!!
owning the Kids Choice Awards tonight? I think yes x)
Welcome to the present! :)
thankfully, no.
I still use it (with attribution) with every class
slap lonnie and take the truck!!!!!
RIP Whitney Houston :-(
Hello how are you? you sound amazing! Follow me
I love u fave!!RT : happy birthday to one of my favorite people In the world. May babies are the best!!
Weekly - and good luck! Let us know how you do!
i seriously should be #writing now ... procrastinating!!
Ouch. That hurt man.
my #1 is showering is optional
yes sir. I can go 17.5 holes playing poorly, end with a nice 15 foot putt, and be ready to play another 18.
Say it again... Thank you GOD!!!!!
Out shopping getting ready for Thursday! : )
Nashville Crew Works With Hip-Hop Group, Arrested Development
lol you know you walking into a smart ass response :P
Lmao. Finish wat we started :-) I had to leave early dat day remember cuz Sam picked me up..
Make an effort to change your ways, or your ways will change you.
jonesing for dinner. How you doing?
How did the canned ham product's namesake become the word that means "junkmail"?
lol just some words of advice :)
Oh no! Get better!
Thank you, I really appreciate your support.
music midtown, David Ryan Harris, and other singer/songwriters. Love me some boiled peanuts!
Interview subject for my video journalism class looked just like Quarles. Don't think this package is going too well...
Road Test in the morning <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> About time i stop driving dirty!
If you think you're too small to make a difference you haven't spent a night with a mosquito.
I suck big time lol!! I had to work and help plan for the family reunion.
YOU MAKE YOUR OWN FUN cc:
Hey David! (:
From now on, I'm going to rate bands by how long they could hold out in a bar fight with Jack White. Blunderbuss is terrifyingly good.
There is that.
Just went thru my quotes on FaceBook,,I miss my MCC fam! I am super excited for them to be graduating in May!!
I really like the new avatar!
All I'm gonna do is just go on and do what I feel. - Jimi Hendrix
Not everyone stays forever. You have to learn to let go.
Hey #Orioles, maybe next year will be your year. Probably not, but I'm taking the optimistic route today.
Dude, the caring. I'm all outta it.
#4famouswords Live and Let Live
I love how everyone sleeps normally and peacefully...then there's 's butt sticking out.
It's like he's replacing Vinny. I know Vinny moved on to better and bigger things, on his own but it's just not right.
#mostinappropriatethingssaid2me eat my ass
Bubble bubble bubble, bubbles n da sea. This is da place 4 u & 4 me Singing on da bottom of da ocean floor. On our way from da sandy shore!
Thanks! is bringing his washboard so it should be a bit of a hoedown!!
are there any guestlist spots open for the show? I'm going to probably end up driving up after work that day. (:
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery.
67 years ago today World War II in Europe had ended in what became VE Day. I'm sucha boss in history
sounds like a pain lol
Found the stencil and so stenciled the newly painted becnh with lady bugs, dragonflies and frogs.
hell ya!!! p.s we better get more alaric thursday
no problem. sorry for the bad jokes :)
younger than me too I'll be 23 in July
GUYS ARE LIKE ROSES WATCH OUT FOR THE PRICKS
is excited for Jazz in the Sculpture Garden tomorrow night!
I try to hide the fact that I have a blackberry:x
I think my friend found out who i like.... CRAP I KNOW THEY WILL SPREAD RUMORS D:
yal let me know. I have 2 guns yal can fire. I can teach yal or the guy there can.
#OctaviaSpencer is adorable!!
keep on hatin hahaha #L61K69 how many championships has ul won in the last 50+ years?
Confession about me is ive never really been a family oriented person sad but true
hi me yeah hello
ops I meant Ecuador
no, all the mental health stuff. Also, the one about how I should exercise more because it makes you smarter.
beautiful morning in the mile high city!
I love They make great music that puts me in a great mood:-)
come back, come back! Let us know when you're in town next. We can arrange some fun stuff. Even if it's after hours.
Great shows coming up! on 10/27 at Headliners and on 10/31 at Frankies. Come on out Toledo :)
Just read it, and really appreciate it! Definitely not tl;dr - and I would know because I frequently write such things :)
and you will! Goodluck, 'the world will be watching' #hungergames lol
i hate you bitch
The best way to prepare for life is to begin to live.Elbert Hubbard
Zack how long have you been in the wwe ?
Welcome home
Hey ! What else did you see at #nationscapdental? Anything work checking out in the expo?
"Patriotic spending recycles American dollars" Well said!
I just wanna party
Mending fences with others requires a journey together on the higher road or being left to eat dust. (via )
George Berkeley is ruining my life-- and he's been dead for 250yrs.
To inspire innovation in our students teachers should work on "getting out of students way"
I love a good nights sleep.
I'm having a hard time weaving this basket. Am I supposed to have a boner?
Well I'm at my sister's job, but I'll be working here pretty soon.
Preach it, girl! That's the song!
Oh no snow on Thursday!
That was our first PhDeets Tweet! From Jenny Simon. She went over 125 characters, but she gets a pass for going first. PS: 125 or less!!
gettin my toes shined then errands so probably will miss bloodys. But shopping fo sho!
content interoperability is more of a cultural challenge than a technology challenge Peter Marney Thomson Reuters
Thanks so much for coming in today! Did you enjoy your meal?
Preach it brother. Preach it. Its like they believe that they are talking to goldfish.
I got this stomachache too.
check out my music
How is it possible that there are only 3 existing seasons of Arrested Development? This show is genius.
Do you mind me asking you why you're against it?
I bring tidings of goodness and joy wherever I go.
Practice makes perfect doesn't work. PERFECT practice makes perfect!
ahah thanks man
This track is smooth and melodic and definitely has a permanent place in the Soul City Radio rotation!!!" DeWayne Alston, Program Director
You're not enjoying my horseplay?
Bout to grab me some Miss Fried.
Haha no not for Valentine's. I like a little wobbly warbly music every now and then.
Javy Guerra gets the save and the Dodgers go on to win 7-6. Improving their 1st place record to 17-7. 1st place in the NL West.
Great -If you head to the exhibit hall, stop by Booth 1 We'd love to show you a great product that helps engage students
plus she was a cumdumpster, so always fun in bed lol
#daylightsavings, #sxsw, #springbreak have joined together to turn my world upside down this week!
Yum Mary! Enjoy your beverages!
OMFG!! rlly egypt?? oh and ikr logan is so lovable, sweet, charming, smart, and funny! hes the whole package
I owe you some recording funds. Promise I'll get around to that soon. RT first official day in studio!
For all our fans in West Washington, general reminder Mumbai is closed in Mondays!
Happy ever after, after all this time
Today in America TV Offers May Air Dates for Portland, Oregon
Scored not 1 but 2 bottles of 's Spring 2011 (yep) limited ed. tonight. I think someone made a mistake but I'll take it.
holy care package batman! i just got an emergency airdrop with 2 ac130's and 2 chopper gunner's in free for all. hells yeah.
Yay! Now xmarks works on Chrome, too. But you need Chrome beta version.
#WinterXGames Snowboard Street tomorrow! :b
Mr. Crabtree has graciously already lent his support :) you can check him off your list.
I am an incredibly indignant person.
All my mother's day plans were for outdoors. And it's raining.
Is it pathetic that I watch cooking and baking shows while running?!
We've worked enough for today. Time for beers. Who's with us?
Balancing my check book hate it.
In the stoooooooodeeeeeeeeooooohhhhhhhh!
Sent you a Scene Missing writing invitation, not sure if right email address, though.
when you open up you let yourself seem vunerable
Just got donee watching #NSN again nd it is truly the best movie ever <3 u if u see this pls RT I love u w all my heart
=D thata girl
Coffee and a very large cat... ;)
Laughing Offensively Loud Outside Long Ominous Limos.
Just saw 2 middle aged women almost fight in a panda express. Camarillo, CA please never change
Someone in my office just said "Would you like to hear more mushroom facts?"
Of course! Every Mahomie deserves to meet him! Love you too(:
what's that supposed to mean....
Tweeting by 6am is a new record for me. Have a great day everyone!
Getting ready 4 the games tonight, 2 good ones on.
THX ITS HOT
Congratulations to Brandon Keener, the winner of the Guitar Giveaway Contest! A very BIG thank you to everyone who participated!
when i finish my new website (very soon) and you get yor butt up here!
I really don't know whether to be sad, upset, or relieved that he's no longer in pain...
On my way to #citrixsynergy2012. Stop by the Appsense booth to see the media and live presentation we produced!
yeah, he the one who did my cover up at the shop, but he having the party at the crib...
roosevelt field mall <33
No more reading. Must write.
Wait, even more QOTD worthy than your boss telling you that you deserve to be spanked? lol
oh but they are so much more expressive!! And cuter too!
Spending my time enjoying the ocean...thinking about how my students need to be more in tune with the importance of our water supply.
Not even upset that I will get no sleep tonight due to and collaboration.
My son dancing to drake (:
- LOL! Yeah, I'm a tad bit compulsive in the area of Sharpies. :)
follow back
Leave your passport at home but still enjoy a taste of Greece by visiting Tarpon Springs, Florida!
The sun is the source of my energy & creativity. Longer daytime absolutely helps my brain run more vibrantly. summer=super productivity:-)
It is always the best policy to tell the truth, unless of course you are an exceptionally good liar. ~ Jerome K. Jerome
The winner of the shirt re-giveaway is , who was selected b/c of his Reignman avi. DM us your info! Thanks to all that played!
One innate or natural human goal is to avoid &/or eliminate those things which divide us. The natural human state is to be united as equals.
#sxsw Hayes Carl is a surprise. Never heard of him and this is killer Ameicana! Very Austin.
On the bus can't wait to get home
May do LOLA VERSUS instead of JACK & DIANE after what I'vr heard about it.
not mad..this convo is way too simple for me to get mad. Fuckboy!
How can I help you? "AN IMPORTANT MESSAGE REGARDING THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA" ~click~
Ur welcome girl! We LUV RiRi too! Can't wait for her to come back to Philly!
The world's condition is crazy nowadays. Don't you think? Seems like everything changes.
Josh Hutcherson looks so hot on Punk'd right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
k if somebody named kiss my beauty pop up try 2 answer cuz me & my sis gone be on oovoo with yuh
what's the typo?
thanks my brotha!
One correspondent says "Jony Ives" with an s at the end, the other doesn't.
Lindy Fix tonight at 8 at PCH! Lesson with Kate and Nate, DJ Mark! Also drop in at 7 for the last week of Balboa with Rob and Zoe!
Hey, could I get in on that?
Team Follow Back and get more followers
Mini new year's resolution: use Twitter more. Let's see how long it lasts this time...
So there are two girls laying in a kiddie pool full of blue water outside their house. Just chillin'
Sometimes I wish I could talk like TI & Tiny.
Ugh I miss urban JLO <3
Planning for this week. troubleshooting class, Upgrade Production to #vSphere5, and two new customers on
It's crazy up here on the rooftop! Thank You to everyone who is out here rockin with us!
Loneliness & heartache :/
we made it to about 2:30 today. They were flying out the window as fast as we could make them today.
Hey, Jessica Simpson shit out a kid!!! Retards shouldn't be allowed to breed!
Wasn't sub-tweeting. Get over yourself. RT : Wow okay Jesse I guess we're subtweeting
lmao, you should deff like sit in the front seat and give me directions and what not (;
Anytime, anytime! That's what friends are for! Good luck tomorrow on your fab photo shoot. You'll rock it!
Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Sound Design, Res Production goes to Chris Baine, & Irakli/Konstantine !
Simply amazing animation on visualizing the tenth dimension (and all the ones under it). At tenthdimension.com - naturally. String theory!
Historians should think about websites as books - they should be interpretive. #AHA2012 Hardtack and Software: Digital Approach to Civil War
i am going to bed good night
What did you end up getting and how is the selection
thanks Bob.. I think we're going to have a great crowd this weekend. I hope things are going well with you!
yk.. i barely understand me, i don't expect anyone else to.
Tired AF is trending... Yup I'm with you all!
Im gonna start drinking out of a goblet in the near future to make myself feel poweful.
RT It doesn't matter what kind of brain is attached. Good boobs is good boobs.
I guess they don't play basketball in Montana? Why on earth would you be allowed to vote???
Fry up for tea #YES!!!
A very fat cat has joined the dog, both of them now watching me drink scotch in a dark room.
Good to see the NHL tapping the "campaigning to get Charmed on Netflix Instant" social media demographic.
Its All Good Cause You Badd, You Just Be Falling For The Wrong Niggas..
I think he went in. He likes to just lay down in water. He swims too, but he'll just lay down and relax.
flying to orlando today in prep for show on friday morning. stay tuned!
Thanks - you 2 Jeff! - Rick, enjoyed the review of Pangeo Coffee!
Watching The Pitch from AMC - have seen some of these scenes before
Thanks for the follow Sergio!
"The Final Countdown" (1980)
From all accounts, Vince Young said the right things at press conference today...
Goodnight World! Tomorrow is a new day filled with endless possibilities!
how happy am i right now? very, very, very… for so many reasons :)
You're shopping at the wrong store. You need to go to Five And Below.
Is it march yet?
fats wats up.. and YES!!! she need ta hurry cuz im STARVIN lol
Sometimes I wonder if the voices inside my head are out to get me
Lang Lang recommends finding time for your joy and your passion, even when you're as busy as he is.
Aww, don't cry.What's wrong?
RT : The Beastie Boys basically invented the concept of the cool white person.
You don't need to announce when you need to potty.
U know that all u had to do was buy ur flight. Its not too late. Buy 1 today and meet us there
scripting/rehearsing/tinkering. trying to figure out ways to setup realtime video feed mixing for web streaming that don't crash my machine
hehe im a lesbian x x x x x x
haha not me ive been grounded for a year
Thats life. BTW looking forward to Family Wellness Day, I should have everything set by tomorrow!
I'm so excited to get to spend your birthday with you!!
I just finished a 2.02 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I'm picking you up in the morning, I have not seen you for five thousand days <U+E421><U+E418>
I'm getting really sick of Joe Monahan blogging CRAP about me. I only like press that my boyfriend Kent Waltz gives me.
I love her work. (And we've seen so little of it.)
This is crazy. # pay bills
Being scared is a good thing, because if we are not scared then there's no chance. And if we aren't taking a chance, then what are we doing?
I just wanna take nice and slow
DailyHookahTip#83: Non-rotating hookahs have better seals and contain the smoke much better.
Drop me a line. I love to hear from my followers.
I hope you feel good for putting your name on something you don't own.
Had a good time lastnight with & Aaron!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I've moved on to the 8x10 film negative section of the #PealeBCLM collection. Knuckles cracking for a new inventory list.
Yep RT : Am I only 1 fascinated by clemens trial? Jurors are nodding off! FFs trial
As you wish, m’lady.
harry's? YES.
Now I'll be able to keep tabs on my networks. So much nicer!!
It's Friday Trivia time! How did Kaiten Sushi begin?
haha true that...they both have talent and they are both injury risks, but Ingram's line probably puts him over the top
Periodontal disease in dogs can cause teeth to loosen due to infection and can even fall out.
Your job is not just to work. Your job is to leave a trail of leaders behind you.
Group coming for this AM tour is late, but we're having a good time chatting with our wonderful Sonja, who grew up in Nazi Germany & speaks.
Tezaaaaa. What up!
I'm crusing on the rode of life but I need a passenger
Just got my little sister's graduation invite in the mail. There must be a mistake, she isn't graduating...
congrats :) got the munchies? lol
damn homie I'm glad you're okay
I will just have to deal and be happy it's back.
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, been supporting since 1 time! now to get noticed follow?X42
let's go?
I miss working at my old job. I never had to pay for batteries....
Glad you enjoyed & ! RT : The DJ last night was beyond awesome! The music was perfect all night!
It has good actors: Blair, Nicole, Pam and director Neema...I can't speak for the writer. But two out of three ain't bad.
Be sure to follow : our new investigative project on digital privacy, security & freedom.
Everyone needs to vote for Haley on american Idol!
She just summed it up. Real talk that makes a whole lot of sense.
which movie did you end up getting?
I know understand the art and science of trajectory. Thank you for asking.
w/o the company of Twitter, I'm beginning to feel like the hermit astronomer in RASSELAS who convinces himself he can control the weather.
whoa. Whoa whoa. I didn't.know anything. WTF! I'm shocked now.
I'm really curious as to how many gigs of music you have
I DON'T WANT TO DO ANYTHING
Bike tour cancelled due to smoke from Hewlett Fire
thnx for lunch and the great info. we'll talk soon.
that gift is epic!
cause thats the only fun thing we have in this city. RT wy? ": i wanna go to western playland so bad :l"
ok..eat well hehe
how can I contact you directly to get help?
all you need then is for them to diversify enough and
RT : Oh *squee* three Twitter followers away from 100. Make my day?
Someone come visit me at work. we ar so dead -___-
thanks for the Happy Monday! Hope you're having a great Wednesday.
Wish I had someone to cwtch with. Been single for 14 months now.
That's their 3 best players, and best coach in franchise history, all questionable to be back next year.
#Dodgers lead the NL West with a 16-6 record.
The West!
Still workin' on it!
your point?
<U+2666>Tailor<U+2660>Made<U+2666> Have a great wednesday. Thanks for the follow :)
Starting Back and Warming Up! - Beginning an exercise program can be very overwhelming, and if you’re like me, easy to overdo. I...
Album after album after album
Anti-HIV drug use during pregnancy does not affect infant size, birth weight
me and Bettie weren't a part of that -_-
He was white as a sheet. And he also had false teeth.
Why have "#teamfollowback" if you don't even follow back? Lol
In the face!!! (Eddie Murphy voice w/ African accent)
Yeah, apparently not so much. :(
Mitt to reporter: can we talk about the economy? Sure Mitt let's start by talking about how you were 47th out of 50 in job creation.
i'll pay a penny for your thoughts, a nickel for your kiss... you know that i will
Chinese takeout for dinner tonight. What's going on your table?
All the bands are killing it so far!
I know you wanna follow me. ;) x4
r u in downtown disney??
I guess I'll take your word for it now. Good to know about the
Sunblock is a girls best friend...& a guys...the sun can harm your skin so make sure you put it on this summer! U don't want to be crispy!
Mariah Carey released a second Christmas album last year and this is the first I'm learning of it?! #OhSanta!
The embassy is beautiful, it's next to a church decorated with the bones of dead monks.
I wish you were too, but idk yet...today im just working and going to jasmines after shorty got a surprise lol
I've had a twitter. I just now found you. Lol Cx
all you can eat mexican food for $5.99 at picosos look us up at picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo
Just found thanks to my Virtual Assistant and they came up with easily the best deal from US to UK. Gr8 fares & thx 2
now i only have myself to blame, for falling for your stupid games. I wish my life could be the way it was before i saw your face.
you have no idea how great it is to see our babies up there again <3
Massage time!
RT : IWM successfully changed their organisation from being "risk adverse" to "risk aware".
Thanks for the folo Lisa!-Brian
Does Netflix want to be HBO or the network of last resort for deceased TV programs?
Its not too late to book a brewing appointment for this weekend! Call us! 412.906.9400
You know how the iPhone shows a city for the number that's calling? Recently found out mines shows Montebello. :-( <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
United States :)
Responded to FIRE @ 301 West 57th St, Manhattan, NY 10019. Red Cross auto update.
thanks :) I just hope I can fit everything on this. Lol
- CONGRATS!! I just went to your site and read the excerpt . Are you self-publishing?
honestly, who's keeping track!
Thanks, hope you had a great #WW also!
Just now saw your note...thank you!
Oh, that's a crowd favorite for exactly those reasons! Good call! I bet you'll love it. :)
AWESOME haha I wish I lived in Orlando Tampa or Miami but I live in Jacksonville :/
that's the info we are getting.
I know is getting his grass skirt ready after the news that Jimmy Buffet will be performing at the Final Four music festival.
Why aren't parents understanding.. Weren't you teenagers once?!
Ran all my errands by noon! Fuck yeah! My day off. Nap time
you never forget your first love
Very Cool! Thanks for following. I shared this with some of my young parent friends already.
We're thinking June 2013
I am on my way to DJ the party at Double Seven. I hope I don't bomb :(
I have a lot of exciting opportunities in various skill sets! Let me know if you're actively or passively looking!
Too great a hurry to discharge of an obligation is a kind of ingratitude
Indeed RT Their coffee is crap, but it's heartening to see a multi-national corp fight to retain its soul.
Funny to read people tweet on something know nothing about and they don't realize how ignorant they are. They are gutless to say it out loud
The government usually gets into trouble when they print more money than what they have backing it up.
Don't make a fool of yourself being faithful to someone who's playing you.
I know totally should've..
“ wow, ! “: Sex with a #Gemini is unforgettable!””
Merry Christmas to you too Tyler! Shine responsibly!
the #Mariners finally have it in em to win one i see in person. 3rd time charm?
We'll get the Edward Fortyhands part.
I feel like such a jerk... :/
#YouKnowItsRealWhen that person is quiet.
I am so hot
i hope you see this tweet. cause. you know. I LOVE YOU. kay bye. xx
the only women in the commercial are a flight attendant and a best buy employee. this is embarrassing.
The Salty Caramels are playing at 12:40pm this Saturday at Columbus Commons for the Earth Day Celebration! Free show!
haha we'll still probably end up discussing them in detail tomorrow. Knowing us.
We're building a list of music industry innovators. Who are we missing? www.twitter.com/KeyManGroup/industry-innovators
Good Morning! Happy Hump Day! Dont be grumpy be glad your breathing :-)
Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice... Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. -Steve Jobs
Hey I'm in Paris. Just saw my friends, Laurence Hobgood and Kurt Elling perform at New Morning Jazz Club. A great show, sold out!
A moving single-lane closure EB Beltline from Fish Hatchery Rd. to I-39/90 from 9 a.m. to 11 a.m. for emergency maintenance work.
Dang it!!! What have I gotten myself into!
That was a close bracket contest!
Justus! My main man!! What a great group you have at JeldWen. Thanks for the hospitality!
All my 4 airhead cards I bought are of ! I want a one!! haha
Time to let go of today and sleep so the new day may be found fresh and invigorating.
Do you hate him because you hate DMB or because he reminds you of DMB? If you hate DMB, you're not as cool as I thought. J/K!
when r u gonna make a song about me?
There's a world record for that?
Geez, I need to start tweeting more often!!!
Never underestimate the POWER of FAITH.
and you as well mate. we're thinking of doing a Do Dinner tomorrow night. you in?
How is firing pucks on Bryzgalov not part of the game plan for the #Pens. He didn't have to make a single difficult save that period.
Bday I nice so far. Relaxing right now.
Hey you guys!
Girl Scout cookies should be packaged individually by single serving size... someone take these away from me!
no Shawn Bradley's character got hurt mid season and they just couldnt do it with out a good center
Guys there were more than 4 pages... Hello Undergear.
Confirmed: Oden had microfracture surgery, won't play again this year. Unrestricted free agent = likely won't be signed by any teams next yr
Show your #Steelers pride! Post your best Steelers pic on our wall @ www.facebook.com/hieberspharmacy - best pic wins a Steelers gift basket
the picture with your blog is SO sweet! Just love it!
The worlds deceiver.
The HIlls.. cough cough. i have to clear my throat to say this loud enough. FUCK THE HILLS! who cares? if you do you need to work. period!
Send me a pic of you, and I'll see if you look best with Peeta, Finnick, or Gale :D
We are seraching for anyhtingn on "Baron Von Thrauthemburg", contact info etc
thanks for following! we're curious to learn how students usually discover groups and events ?
AAAHHHH Why can't i stop looking at ???
Recall uses RFID to help enforce security and enhance efficiency for their customers.
My favorite part of protests. My fellow privileged white folks calling them all assholes and losers on twitter and FB.
really though ? lol
Just finished my first Islandora/VRE training session! So far so good.
Is anybody starting their next book with National Novel Writing Month today?
Lookin for a date tonight for the movies...
Did not mean to offend all the dooky hunters but u have to admit the act of skeeting in yo hommy shitter & then fall in love? Hahahahaha
Thank you EVERYONE retweeting my tweets, and giving me shoutouts. Love ya guys <3
Tough - like the effort by Shaw' but that is a questionable hit. Still, if Smith's gonna go back there to play that...
Jetrho proudly adds Levi Brown to our Jr. Pro Staff. Congratulations to Levi and Roger - 31 + #' and 2nd in Accent Classic! Way to go Levi !
Accdg. to CEIR, 65% of executives say that the no. of exhibitions they attend will stay at current levels while 25% say they will increase.
ill beat da pussy up up up up up up up : )
Gave edith a lap dance at the hookah bar.....hahaha;) happy birthday gurl
MT : DC folks: have fun today but stay sane. It will be crazy out there: Caps, Nats, Avon Walk, track work, Cinco de Mayo, etc.
nick jonas is not a TT?? what's that
Inevitably, tragedy will beset all of us. But what abt something happens to a coworker or a casual acquaintance? What should you do? Say?
Well hopefully next summer we'll be on the entire tour and you can come see us! :)
Meeting with Ingeroll Rand this afternoon and a project kickoff meeting with Meridian Outsourcing! Should be a good afternoon!
What are we going to do SECRET AGENT RA-RA? WHERE IS BIG EDDIE? We can fix this. GET out you box of 180 CRAYONS. WE GOT TO GO TO WORK!
I love EXPLOSION sounds... So I put them in every piece of production I create.
Responded to FIRE @ 1416 E 102nd St, Brooklyn, NY 11236 and helped 11 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
hahaha too bad it doesn't fit anymore
What happened with the camera guy during this episode?? #RHOC So shaky and all over the place!
Deuteronomy 14:28-29 "...bring all the tithes of that year's produce... so that...the fatherless...may come and eat and be satisfied"
some other pretty cool people
i think blue butter flies are alot prettier :-P
About to leave for Europe. Next month for sure!
About to hit the gym where you at nigga?
No sir...will be posting various routines very soon
Stoked for the Rangers!!! World Series Bound!!!!
Shopping day...empty wallet :(
the rumor from the MUHS kids behind me was that he made it through security so he should be fine!
how are you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Perk #44 working ~riding your bike to work on a sunny Monday!
sweet you are so nice. i like your yellow top and bag
Hope you enjoyed the show and the space! Thanks for coming by!
Thx for the tip! Hope to see you at #ASTD2012. I arrive in #Denver Sun afternoon. Home base is booth
RT Wow. Tennessee kicks closer Nick Blount (10 saves) off the team for violation of team rules. Middle of the season.
I'm missing the Laker game :/
And also, I'm relieved. You really helped me calm down. Thank you.
. students, teachers and visiting #Nobel laureates applaud and welcome #youth #exchanges from
That's lame. I don't wanna grow up around a bunch of sad kids.
Done, so what's up?
What am I getting? What am I getting???
ISC says that the issue has caused "unintentional outages" but lists no active exploits.
5th day teaching... finally feeling some autonomy.
I lost my email address to my twitter, had to go figure it out..lol...
I love it there. The have a lot of beer selections too good club wrap
We were young stubborn and in love with disaster...
#Myperfectguy needs to be taller than me.
I'm feeling nervous about starting my new job!
see my fb page...my dad just asked if I heard anything...he talked to one of the kids in this year's class at the Sunflower.
Way to come out on top on last night's Challenge! Hope you and have patched up the f-ship.
Thanks for the follow, !
Talking Blazers with on in moments......would u sign Batum for $10-$11M a year? Also a GM search update.
how does it feel to be judged xD
Welcome to LA! (lower Alabama)
Claims adjusters seem to be filing a #denial of #liability on the most obvious cases. They almost drive people to have to get legal help.
Reading for comps...such the exciting life.
yeah man! - Los Angeles, CA
This is always the ultimate test. I'm all in if you are.
lol why not??!
I raised KK utg blinds call. Guy from kq/88 hand leads For pot on 884r, I call. He bets 1/3 pot on j turn, I raise 3x
m *rooty tooty fresh'n fruity! i love i-hop =P ->KimBeezy<-
"This is the most flavorful saltine!"-No one, ever.
I'm gonna pee my pants when I hear #GladYouCame on glee
We love residents giving us/agencies a heads up about issues that need to be addressed
Hubby and mom both laughed when I put "long underwear" on my Xmas list. We'll see who's laughing in January!
Thoes clips look so cool and funny :D
well didn't u just make my day cee to da Lee
probably because it was 2:48 AM and she wasn't in bed.
or coffee!
Twitter is going crazy again. Tweets get added and deleted ugh
me, too! On the bright side, most of the stuff I have to get done today is finished :)
not sure about stabbings but Portland has seen 30 gang shootings so far.
you just bought jeans with holes in them
"Geographies of the World's Knowledge" Monica Stephens
U make me want to visit Hawaii even more w/ ur tweets! RT :I do not get paid to "pimp out" Hawaii..love sharing Hawaii's beauty.
Have an amazing day b/c it's
right back at you!
Men:just give the woman what she wants. If you let her have her way,your world will be so much more peaceful than trying to fight her.
Thanks bro: glad you enjoyed it!
I want #BlairandChuck back!
Now that I think about it, I heard Garner speak about Consolation in 05; bought the book there.
Old man dies, lil girl lives.
U BETTA KNOW IT!!!
Hey Belieber <3 Mind following back :) ? It would mean alot!!
Following POTUS speech, MSNBC offered the services of Chris Matthews, Andrea Mitchell to the thinking-impaired--no need to think 4 ourselves
Getting Exposure in Miami. You?
in the beginning for a bit ;)
USC FORENSICS TOURNAMENT RESULTS - catherine w. 3rd Madison c. 5th -
Anyone know what's going on at east wash and the river?
Out of 725 respondents in a survey, about 2% said they were using At&t or Verizon for content delivery according to Dan Rayburn.
I believe life is to be lived, not worked, enjoyed, not agonized, loved, not hated.
signed CD by Cody Simpson :)<3
Just landed in Charlotte...one more leg to Derby Town!
: that would be cool man
Picking up my brother from the airport :)) can't wait for him to meet the liddo one <33
Holy Batman....hahaha
it ends at 5
get some coffee lady... then come see me on the 14th floor, I miss you and we have new shirts!
love u too
Great tip!!
nothing is included in the norwell budget apparently
I will be preparing the exhibit space today and hanging the show tomorrow. "Pinholed and Obscured" Sat. 3-10pm
We're excited to have Big Brothers Big Sisters of Metro Milwaukee join us this weekend!
unless not sno-cone means booze
Everyone,whether intentionally or not, is fighting mortality (pirates) in dif. ways throughout life
SAY SOMETHIN' BABY DON'T BE SO SHY
holeman and finch
Got a lot of pastry girls wanting us to come to Pennsylvania !!!!!!! Keep it coming pastry world YOU ROCK
Moody's has downgraded Bank Of America, Citigroup, and Wells Fargo. Says they may not be too big to fail. More to come?
show some love to the homie jeremy lin
you love me tho
meanwhile, all and I know are games you play in the arctic. #toejump!
you should get Tom Friedman and David brooks too
Its Salsa Thursday Tonight Irie! Tonights Salsa Lesson Will Cover Turns & Footwork!
Interested in the Online & Weekend Learning (OWL) program? Join the online information session tomorrow 12-1pm. RSVP to
Hey, nothing says "I'd like to be friends with you" like an automated ad.
Would you be ever so genrous and give me elijahs number..(:
It's nice to perform a bunch of songs for the elderly
versteeg and clarkson
if you have any other questions, just let us know & we can help out cc
I finally gt to experience a blasian......never had something tht lovely
I didn't see it but here is my number 2147911026
If you were a song, we'd have you on repeat too :) Thanks!
i hate it when people try to grow up too fast
About to get cpr certified
Being nice to the wierd kid, then being stalked by the kid for life. -_-
Its an intrusion of the mind, dont believe it
Thanks for the mentions! Looking forward to catching up at Sojuca /
spread those legs and let me eat that pussy until ya legs shake
How long are you going to live in Miami?
playing balotelli is probably the last thing mancini wanted to have to do today.
this is a cool spam
Take control of your own destiny in 2012 my twitter peeps.....
I know someone who needs a high five. In the face. With a knife.
Work has been good! Thanks for asking. Glad you made it. Who's moving there next? Reassembling the Hawks in ENG?
"I'm in great shape..." At the beach... potbelly on deck...
rocks, pebbles, sand = epics, stories, tasks. Good #Agile analogy or not?
just downloaded TwitterBerry while waiting for Sunshine Cleaning to start.
thanks so much for sharing ! GO TIGERS!
neva could I 4get u I just took u off my mind so much it helped me" whatever if wud b nice 2 hear u voice every once n while
Tartan High School, #ComeOutToPlay and let Mike Stone bring a porn star to prom,
The is my 4th week in a row traveling to #NYC does this qualify me as a commuter?!
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 6
Today is the start of my new plan at work.
I hope everone loves their job as much as I do.
Currently enjoying the gift of comments not making it past the proxy server.
So when I refer to Monopoly, Im referring to Steve Wynn / Caesars Leon Black / and Michael Milken Cartel.
I have a surprise evening ahead of me, and I can't help but wonder what has up his sleeve...
yeah sometimes I wonder about him...........
Thinking about your holiday parties Fatso's has a section you can reserve for your private party free of charge.Book it today! 602-992-1122
Im kinda mad that O's lost two straight tho
We haven't talked in forever! How are you? :)
Word. Yeah I was sick yesterday but what you up to this weekend?
That wasn't so smart of me.
My poor stomach :/ just until the middle of next month!
Go Pats!
You're too kind ;-) RT : If you still lived there then it would be.
its ok
Haven't been on twitter for the longest!!!
Happy birthday!
I wanna give Rick Ross a nice titty twister.
Miller: linked data, "exciting but vague"
Im sleepy but I cant go to sleep
Oh, the baby talk...
We really want to see our shirts around town. Take advantage of our Saturday sale and get your black Cowboy Killer tee for $10
A man in the house is worth two in the street. (not a clue!)
"Middle income America". Tea Party Translation: people earning more than $113,000/yr
Thanks so much for the #fridayfollow - glad to be part of your tribe! Have a great weekend!
You know I will!
RT : Happy 83rd Birthday Mickey Mouse! We should all hope we look that good when we reach his age. Must be all that cheese.
Getting ready 2 go 2 horse track bet on #derby top 3 horses for me are 1 daddy long legs 2 I'll have another 3 union rags
I can tweet whatever I want! Idgaf this goes to Robbie & my baby father!
I love it,too.#pdxmayor eating contest. Who will finish a box first?
you got that one from me!!
CNN must be absolutely giddy that a Socialist is sharing a top spot in the French elections.
Just had a good meal ... i feel great
lol dont mean we gone get put out cause yall gone get put out lmao
's new album "Master Of My Make Believe" is awesome! Listen today through Tuesday for a chance to score the new release.
Just about that time for at ! See you all there at 6:30 with your $1 drinks from
We had to re-schedule our visit to #glendalecc til tomorrow 10/6. Hope to see you there!
same here Bob! The conference was great thanks to you, and the rest of the crew.
thanks guys!
=/ I knw that feeling . . . ": I can't imagine one of us taking our own lives because our family wasn't supportive."
Haha well at least I did something right :P tell Collin I said Hi!
You're welcome. I enjoyed your post. Thanks for posting it.
Performances by Randy Watson and Sexual Chocolate.
Deep fried battered asparagus, stuffed cabbage, and mashed potatoes ... yum ! Enjoyed it, !
If you were meeting with someone (an adult male) you wanted to help with your investments, would you bring them a stuffed animal as a gift?
Welp..it could be over before it starts..
LMFAO!! man, you're still young yet. Lol!
For 79 years, she was either sleeping or awake, happy or unhappy, with others or alone. Officers found her dead in her home in Alamogordo.
Can you believe this weather?? What a day!!
UFC,then Sugar Shane.Then the main event. Mayweather is the 2ndbestfighter in the world,but tonight Cotto will beat him with heart and grit
“: If u renewed your annual membership, Rides DVDs will ship starting tomorrow.” I did but don't remember reading about this
2007 Amarone was just released 45 minutes ago! Started with 20 cases and now only 7 an a half cases left!
those damn jew problems
My big-boned tabby Ron turns into Gollum when he receives his Christmas catnip.
hey miranda you come to Europe or Germany 2012?
I'll see you in a few months!
C-Ro Del-fresco just started a new Twitter account and he needs followers! Please support and follow him
I wen and saw the Treetop Sailors last night, and they rule.
This is a good one... "Most of us spend our lives as if we have another one in the bank." Ben Erwin
Road trip ladies?
Looking 4 qualified reps w/ appreciation 4 tech & how it improves baseball instr. Would sell to baseball academies in US
This day just keeps throwing me curve balls
#thingsblackgirlsdo Talk Loud Af For No Reason
I miss living downtown and seeing my friends whenever I wanted, but I must admit... I'm so happy with the way things are right now.
That was just rude, miss
Love reading tweets and posts about how sad Jacobs Bully's are. You people do have a heart. #Blessed #
I like how they show Chris Bosh at the end of that Men in Black (3)D commercial lol
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear YOU ARE THE FATHER!
on my way to caseville!
Good lord, am I making you cry?
New episode!
Happy Birthday MJ :)
“: Goin to hang with :) if we can ever get off the ground #planes” See you soon buddy!!
the fast green fox jumped under the lazy dog.
I've gathered enough courage to complete 1 levels of Professor Genki's Super Ethical Reality Climax.
If we're married to Greyson then when do we get our anniversary gifts?? #AskGreysonsSweetys xD
my vote is blogger. so i can comment under my own profile w/o having to start a few one.
It's time to reread The Sun Also Rises..
Facebook friends may act like some sort of information transformer, assembling for you to give crowd-sourced answers, but we're also people.
(c) then you'll definitely have something to be upset about! (:
We now have nachos! Yum!!
“: ": Having the strongest left field centerfield combo >>>>> #OutfielderLife" me and my boy ”
Going to a UICA artists' reception tonight if it doesn't snow.
Thanks joel!
it even looks funny typed out
Happy Bastille Day everyone. Time to dig up Caress of Steel.
Everyone and their mom ate a meditteranean last night!
Damn, thought I was a pimp.. Turns out its just my sign RT #Aries have more one-night stands than any other sign...
Poised Creation in Las Vegas would like to pay homage!!
hm. which video are you speaking of?
Looking for Engineering/Technology companies who are overlooked by their market. At the conference, do they just walk on by? Follow me.
: Yes!!! That's right. He checked his (red?) blackberry when we were staring at him. Ha!!
and thanks for the props and street cred! I'm so stoked to join the folks at
Huge coal ash spill into Lake Michigan reported as I travel to DC to ask Sen. Nelson not to weaken coal ash waste rules in Florida.
swear my dad is her "daddy" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
excellent plan, thx Andy
never used and it's pretty much me doing it so it's intimidating
tweet the link so that we can add to the twitter feed?
Cool as you know I'm about 3 hours from Charlotte.
NFL Chicago Bears Heart-Charm Bracelet Sale for cheap | unique ...
...and now is singing a song about it to the tune of "How Do I Know When It's Love" by Van Halen. :(
If your future is so bright you have to wear shades to block the light! It's just your time to shine.
Insomniac buddies! It's almost 6am where I live... :)
preaching to the choir!
How fun would that be?!
San Diego has a lot of great things to offer in the way of unique artists! Be sure to support your local artists!
Ohh! Feeling so lazy today! Just relaxing.
Right on! How did it go?
2 mrk 20th of Nirvana's Nevermind join us 4 a luv buzz Thur @ Aspen Social Club 4 a screening of Live @ Paramount PM & Midnight.
William Knepper gets life in prison for killing his mother in law Paula Jordan of Troutdale back in June.
playing a long overdue show tonight at arnetic in deep ellum. come tell us you love us cause we love you!
oh, I see you recently got it.
I had biggest crush on Donna Summer...63 and gone......too soon
I'm waiting for my mom and sister and auntie to get over here! We have to celebrate! And with cake!
fml ugh I really need to cash my checks!
worst night of my living
Pretty sure I used worst metaphor possible at practice. "Parody like 'dare to be stupid' not 'amish paradise'".
1 poem down 4 poetry reading on sunday @ kimballs
I honestly don't think Ben knows the difference between "gold". And "yellow"
Sometimes things are not that bad. Its just our imaginations freaking us out.
My favorite local band on 88.9FM at 7pm! Tune in to hear the future of music!!!
Door just opened for Pollak is an underrated tweet. Helluva reference.
Who else thought that graphic said "aryan shame" at first glance?
I feel bad for you have to stay
Turned on Celtics-Heat, witnessed Dexter Pittman airball a jump hook over Ryan Hollins, immediately turned it off
Glad you're excited to see One Night of Queen!
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe trust NO ONE and ALWAYS watch your back -.-
didnt u have fun hanging with us? Tuna tacos this week..
I mean, SQL Server Express kind if makes Access redundant, but I've used it.
RT : I hate the feeling when you have to say goodbye to someone you want to spend every minute with.
I did!
Back to Warner Brothers studios tomorrow
which is a good idea, but formula and program is completely unsustainable. how to reform to keep intent, but also be sustainable?
“: I gotta smoke griss jess and the turtle out.” I don't smoke.
Because of who You are I give you glory
#HTH2012 privacy issue comes up. good questions regarding display of indigenous people (taken with power imbalances). how to navigate?
Approx 30 pts from highest scoring NBA all star game record w 5 min to go, take a break from #Oscars and hit
Ordering shit off #Qvc.... I'm bored
so that voice is telling you to tweet me right??(;
lol ya ik im layin in bed board af bout to go to giant egale with my mom....
Last performance of 's After the Quake today at 3pm!
- please confirm your identity to proceed
(PASO) Keep this stock on your watchlist this week alot of accumulation goin on!
oh they aren't? This is awkward...
*yawn* not sure who this tweet was for, but it was clearly not meant for me. U may want to re-send to the right party.
Pics or it didn't happen.
Rafa wins record 20th Masters 1000 title in Monte Carlo! Great to have him back on top!
Why can't I be normal and date asian guys?
I wasn't sure either that's why I asked
We don't but you can call in an order for pick-up. Or even better order in person and have a beer while you wait!
Glad I know why I saw so many #butterflies today! Seen hundreds of route 531 today
I am not sure you got my last message. Are you open to position on the mainland? Maybe we can talk for a few minutes. 503-780-4338
That's Cool!!! I would like to vist California one day. That's a Big Dream Of Mine.
lmao No worries! :)
The series finale of #DesperateHousewives was so well written and one of the BEST ever, including the pilot and the whole first season!
Wait, we're not at 1020? I thought I was supposed to be throwing ice.
Rockin in minciewith my big bro
Fo sho. Just let me know and that's it. I'll put you on the list and get you some drinks for your B-Day.
And just like that Hawks back in it...another dwn to the wire game
Please tweet!
Thanks Queen. Before I know it, he'll be running around giving us heart attacks..
Beautiful day!
nice! Definitely true at this point! We clearly lack experience! We may have to go together so I can learn from a pro!
Christmas Open House tomorrow! 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Refreshments and a FREE gift for you just for stopping in.
David Brooks sadly got it exactly right...ahh the tragedy of being a Mets fan
I refuse to acknowledge or learn cardinal gang signs #lungdart lc14??
bomb avi ma'am
Getting close to time to draw the field for the
joined your FF league...any prize or just banter?
Did you hear about project #DearJustin lol?
Hi! I wrote the Form blog - I'll let you know if we find any changes in support. On an ave. list, form support is 30%
Nursing a bit of a holiday hangover today at work
Dr. Stern showing video of Balloon Dilation Sinuplasty -- reduced bleeding, faster recovery time
We heart you as well! Thanks for the follow back!! Cheers!
watching Angel video with Steve Connor Anju Rajani + Zaira + Raquel on Cape Cod on Sun. What charisma! What an education: my big brother!
Fingerprints like an album! "Every record that you do man, is so different in every way." - Jerry Cantrell
Overheard on 42nd and eighth where is the actual Times Square
Teaming up with " The JV Club"... Sohail K. and Mark N. to write a chapter and become an real author of a published book. You should too!
whats a bed time?
My mother gonna be smelling fresh with all that Ed Hardy shit I got her.
Having a Bah Hum Bug kind of morning. Actually thought with a 12 point lead and less than 5:00 minutes the Cowboys lead was fairly safe.
Gonna make clean break from this place very soon
amazing book
Do you know what song the Symphony members played? It was a fun little ditty!
Getting up so freakin' early to take Moll to school keeps getting harder and harder. Damn my rock 'n roll lifestyle :P
I love watching those TV shows too! Sure I want to be ur bff. Where are you from? And how old are you?
Alton...traveling out of town...cooking upon arrival ~What to take when shopping is NOT an option at our Dest? Thx Loraine
Preach, Joe! RT : OH CHRIST. You are calling a penalty now and on that??? WHY DO THEY DO THIS??
They trynna have a part two tonight was good
I get so upset about little things sometimes.
It's been way too long
Don't you hate it when you miss an issue of a comic & then can't find it online? What am I supposed to do... wait till TOMORROW to read it?
who elected beavis and butthead to congress? in a democracy, you get the govt you deserve. sadly, we deserve unpatriotic asses.
well yea that's for the best. Lol
i know seriously! Tell my parents!!!!! By june or july ill have the iphone.
Srsly, 20-year-old Simpsons tune on the radio as I pull into the parking lot? Going to be an interesting day.
In order to survive, you have to play the game. If you surrender, you're out for good.
So far so good! Hopefully mindless haters will see the REAL YOU that we do! #KingOfAllMedia #KingHoward !!!!!!!
i gotta hear this carter 4..cant believe the hype yet
All I know re: David is that he's Neil Patrick Harris' partner, and he uses proper capitalization in his twitter name. Like us!
hahaha definately! thats what I always do. and cleaning my room turns into a dance session! lol
Think I just saw my first cotton field--outside of a Sally Fields movie.
Sometimes its hard to let your guard down but when you find your true love let it down and put it in the man hand
teachin how to South Dallas Swag Tomorrow
I'm volunteering for KTEP radio station and I have the opportunity to put one of my stories on air for the first time on August 5th:)
“: Oh, if you were my boyfriend you'd never let me go? Please, tell me more about chillin by the fire while we eatin' fondue.” hahah
if that's the case they would have had to shut your whole account down.
Dublin, it's so very nice to meet you.
Visit www.bellargopiarge.com !!! Tell us what you think about the NEW LOOK! Register for updates!!!!!!
#itshardwhen you can't get that stain out! Call Team Go Commercial Cleaning Service! We'll get it out! (586) 663-0054
;-) Aww...I've had a crazy time this last 6 months...thank you for thinking of me! Miss you, too! ;-)
"you guys like rum?" " who ? Rumplestilskin?? " "rumplestilskin was a good man!! So are you guys !! Stay clean ! See ya later Frankenstein
ok Are there any Internet marketers interested in $198K for helping feed kids?
“ Fareel doe! : that shit cray what is there to complain about #smh”....
bring me some
Score! G'nite.
i know it's free but that viral tweets thing didnt work for us. better that way...
Raise Your Glass its a NEW YEAR!!!LOL
Stand up for what you believe in !!
Went to the Tulip Festival today, but it was still way too early., so we will have to go again. Free for locals on 04/18 at Tulip Town.
Just had a talk with a CEO from a major record label got to email him a handful of songs and see what happens
#freezing in line
having a great day
ice bats > world
Encouraging, not lecturing. I like that...
amen to that
tune out the gore and grue vs. watching a film that simulates death. She's also told me some insane stories as well.
Love the people/sites that don't understand that.
#StupidMonkey can't win #FLSen w/a
OK Im goin To My Movie
Gotta say, the concert was the highlight of my night yesterday! = Yum! Lo amo!
Yes virtually, “: Boarding flight to Dulles. Anyone coming to Enterprise Learning Summit in Alexandria this week?”
If you dont got time for me , Then I aint got time for you
CONTEST: Pinkberry Magazine or Mandeville now thru Sun... take a pic of your sidewalk chalk artwork, tweet it 2 us! Winner gets party!
Shoutout to for judging the costumes for
The whole thing is a bit of a Rorschach test, me thinks.
#HappyLaborDay to all those LIFE-ERS out there!
Hey everyone sorry I've been mia! I went to NYC for jobros! And got 1st row! Whose coming to show on the 12th?!
Nice 5 mile training run this morning, before it got too hot. Now, back to work!
i assume everyone else in the pen is unavailable? only possible explanation for this madness
O: you should go eat something! (:
RT At the AU Visions 2012 nice job Thanks for the shout out Brandon!
ha! I clicked on that link thinking it was going to be an argument against department chairpersonhood.
Action is the foundational key to all success. - Pablo Picasso
BUT I REMEMBER SAYIN' ITS USE TO BE EASY FOR THE LAKERS TO GO TO THE FINALS! BUT NOW DALLAS AND OKC AND MAYB EVEN THE NUGGETS MAKIN PROBLEMS
shark week only has me half terrified of open waters this go around...
brutal on four hours of sleep and another day of ala yet to go!
Our app dev meetings are approximately 5% content/updates & 95% geek talk. :D
Newbury Street BerryLine is kicking off the new year with Nutella, Oreo-Peppermint, Fresh Strawberry, Creamsicle and Original. Lovin 2012!
I am hiring emergency dispatch operators, customer service, and inside sales professionals.
Let us know what you are looking for as far as beats...
Whoop her ASS. uh uh, movies like this piss me off lol.
What a great concept anyone here used PaceTat before? Question: can I get it in blue?
it's tomorrow at 3
Dear New Yorkers: If you call out of work because of 2 inches of snow, you're a loser.
Hay buddy just thought I'd say happy birthday to you on twitter. Hope you have awesome one bro :-)
alrite alicia keys
thx for the plug ;)
Super excited about new local entertainment-centric programming coming to U-T TV very soon!
Enjoy your night everyone! Come back tomorrow for Funky Fridays and receive any two top shelf grams for a $30 donation!!!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays from the staff at Radel Wood Products!
I think the best movie line of all time is "To destroy your enemies, see them flee before you, and hear the lamentation of the women."
"Woke up in nEed of my Head Doctor"
We're updating our social media... with accompanying perks and perils.
Shoes by Atmosphere finally came up on my Pandora.
When taking a chance, know that with chances come risk, and with risk come failure.
“: smells like fishin season comin big man!!!!”oh yeah real soon shit I went Sunday
great ideas for community building! #getinvolvedbox added to news stories.
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!
RT : Not that numbers mean much to me, but TNBBC's Facebook page is 1 "like" away from 500. // Not anymore it's not. :) Cheers.
Blazers look great tonight. Conflict for me Friday when blazers face suns? You know it!
I'm talking about US Postal Service coverup of Possible Terrorist Neuro toxin spill. Weather?
I've voted like every hour. You deserve it. (:
Totally! Let me know next time you're up in seattle. I'm in pioneer square most days and can meetup whenever is good!
Hey Dallas...sand doesn't help the ice. Get some salt! Come on Jerry...billion $ palace and nobody can get around. #Super Bowl
Please help me. If you follow me I will dm you a plan. This plan would make my bff's dream come true. It's just a little favor.
Our Four Foot Burrito is always a winner RT : Q6 #Foodiechats What is a main course that’s easy to make,
I'm hungry
I think ima get cereal ^.^
LOL, you're killing me! RT : Stating lineup tonight vs Lakers: Quinn, Novak, Bonner, Kevin Willis & Terry Cummings.
Doug Peterson > Matt Ryan!
Your #1 Source for EVERYTHING music! News, videos, interviews, exclusives, behind-the-scenes, trivia, contests and much more! We follow!
Such a great work week....think I'll treat myself to some fun on south beach...hm...I can put in feathers on the beach,lol
Just got goosebumps watching Jim Cornelison belt out the national anthem
The NM assets trust fund will seed a future for ALL children. Imagine child savings accounts for every kindergartner!
Whatever happend to women wearing bra's?
Such an amazing day spent with my mentors at Brooklyn College. Reason 1million why #BlackStudies is impt & #BlackFaculty must be present.
In the middle of editing Hide and Seek.. and having Zoo on repeat... gahhhhh!!!!!!
Can't WAIT to tell you about our new show!! Details are on the way today!!!!
my account has been hacked and I cannot log in to my account using my computer. What do need to do?
Her: Do you meditate. Me: Oh sure. Her: How long? Me: Right now...62 minutes for the next 90 days.
Yesterday a drunk dude was trying to hit on me and a friend wearing a shirt with "capitalist pig" on it
Biggups to q-tip on the 1 and 2's last night at BSC- crushed it!
Olmsted wanted to call Emerald Necklace the Jeweled Girdle. He was overruled.
Two of our brains ( & ) have moved to San Francisco. Want to meetup? Let us know!
i have. i paid good money (shhhh) for this day :)
He was just such a cute kid though like serious. It hasn't changed he's still so adorable but just in a more mature sexier way.
The truth is a bitch... not me!
Taylor Swift, shes so pretty, young, tall, skinny, and talented.
I hope I get the native Hawaiian scholarships..
So irked, went up to the mall & found nothing, & I got alot on my mind :(
omg. that was to funnyy. bahahah
I always questioned whether your Mexicanization was sincere or a mockery. I gotta admit, this is a cool pic. Viva México.
No worries. We have candles & brownies. We're all set. RT : Great. Power just went out. Fire trucks still rolling.
It's Friday! Time to celebrate! So... give me 10 POWER SQUATS. NOW. Go! Go! Go! You'll thank me later ;) Type A's, make that 3 sets of 10.
#Oscars & #swag & #celebs - oh my! DIY paper flowers from bloom in #celebrity gift bags!
It's a hazmat situation. 4th ave is blocked off between virginia/lenora
You have a great store!
My interview on with Chuck Klosterman and Morgan St.'s Seth Vannatta. Pass it around.
"It's the climb." #life #beauty RT : I tried, and I failed. But I'm a little closer and I'll keep trying till I get there
10am Press Conf w/ Sherman Heights community leaders to address work at Farmers Market site
James and the Giant Blood Diamond
they definitely work better for some languages than others. I think it suits Smalltalk (and Lisp in the case of Light Table)
congrats! to the Indpls Symphonic Choir RT: “: We loved performing halftime show w/ Madonna"
is it corrupt? or, is the cat out of the bag in terms of the true locus of power?
No prob, we're do for another visit RT : Hey there & ! Thanx for the welcome! RT Hey there !
RT : "a hundred years ago, TVs only cost, like, a penny"
Prosperent Angles Against Google AdSense with Self-Serve Display, Ad Links ... - ADOTAS
Hello all my dear followers! I am sorry for not tweeting in a while. I'm waiting to go to class and I feel like shit...
the person who bought my daughters the giant book of stickers should be punched in the nose.
My neighbor's dog needs to stfu...just barking for no reason
oh lemme guess u had to study huh?
one of the list-serves is going on about ebooks/book apps for kids. Help me, jebus.
What Tucson needs is......
If referencing a movie that came out in 1995 is cool, then consider me Miles Davis.
the snooze button is not my friend! If I bring you starbx can we pretend I'm not late? :)
RT Join for a YOGA Party this Sat., April 28! Enjoy comp yoga session at 7pm followed by pool party presented by Voli Vodka!
We really need to do a movie night.
good luck! :)
- right its so annoying seeing in on fb all the time!
listening to spanish music even tho i cant understand one word besides puta.
already here!
Dear San Diego: Thank you for being beautiful and wonderful. I love you and everyone here.
Newt: "You Don’t Have to Be ‘Stupid’ to Think Obama’s Muslim, Just Uninformed." Uh… or, that the moon is made of cheese, Newt?
I wonder why no one wears seatbelts in cabs. Where did that unwritten rule come from?
If I wake up from a nap JUST to talk to you, feel special <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Good idea....Beastmode and Scotch...guess I better fire up the grill.
Jennifer Pearson talking about advocacy today at
Word of my day-Piggery. (it's so funny to say it)
is there a twitter play for today?
New to blogging? Check out "23 Things," a self-directed, online learning pgm for learning abt social media tools. Jane Bozarth
boosie boo already done showed what he do to haters like so ian even trippin rite na
's timeline must be boring, since he hardly follows anyone! <3 mau follow me!!!(:
Forgot how much I love thunder storms. Time to open the shades.
Starting to think about my 2012 race schedule...what are your can't miss races?
Whoa. Driving by a burning power pole transformer thingy is kinda scary!
I WOULD REALLY REALLY LOVE 346 FOLLOWERS PLEASE :) THAT WOULD MAKE MY DAY XD THANKS YOU GUYS
Are you wanting to enjoy the sunshine while eating on your lunch break today?! Come sit at our picnic tables outside! 16th & sw Jefferson!
Ok, Mr. Good Sam guy, what grandmother or aunt or whatever hasn't seen someone in a cheerleading outfit. Really, dude?
Can I get one online or only in Ireland/Eurozone?
what is this, 2001? Wrong, friend.
That's right. We went there. Black & Bleu Skirt Steak Sandwich. $9, drink & chips included. Be there or be square.
Midnight kind of #FF! Thanks to #netDE Follow them!
What's on TV
i am VERY excited for you! texas forever
yes....even if you're walking....
omg I'm coming and I'm watching and I'm eating all the takeout. I'll buy first round. WE CAN LIVE TWEET IT!
And thanks for following back -": thanks for following!"
Snooki is pregnant. Society is doomed. She's multiplying to quickly.
millions make you richer. Period.
Just downloaded the "Draw Something" app...I've been hearing a lot about it, so decided to try it out! Username: Vagoddess
Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm. Winston Churchill
I will, thanks that's what it's all about. bandwagon fans don't enjoy the success , like those of us who root all the time
LOL i know but funny all the same ;)
I upgraded from ping.fm to seesmic ping. This is just a test.
RT : Cheers! New study finds women who drink “low to moderate” amount of #alcohol at reduced risk (by 21%) of having a stroke.
The world is entering a period of great unrest. I predict stock markets to rally, uncontrollable chaos in the streets this summer, and war.
When a couple is arguing i feel like whenever an outsider laughs at ones response it makes the other more upset....
I wanna see 2chainz live!!!!
Lol i just look stupid my damn self I ment to put shit
Thomas Hardy, man accused of killing IMPD officer David Moore expected to enter change of plea this morning
He even told her that her older sister loves me. She gave the she could care less look & asked to call her mom. Lol.
I was taught to work but not to love it.
Starting to get excited.. The Black Keys.. great friends... and a socially acceptable heavy drinking night!!
Obama and the Japanese PM to hold a presser at 2 pm
Okay! Never left the couch and now have all my texts for the first summer course. Bring on #J500!!
What's going on tonight?
"Tell your doctor if you've had TB." So your doctor can be like "Cool, I met someone from the 1870s."
Ed Gill, IBM telecommuter, on my radio show this Friday; working at home for 10 years; find out how he does it! www.thehome-office.com
Ahh, it's good to be back. Sorry to all my followers; I've been getting ready for the Hamptons. Cannawt wait to hit the beach!
i know i know I've been super indecisive, I was actually thinking about changing it again but idk what to ha
Follow our artist!
Flshbk: DJKJ. Bourbon St. Peep-toe Heels.
And if you want 5,000 tweets of recommendation, ask Mechanical Turk.
Buffalo & Broadway in the Third Ward today. Don't forget to vote for us to appear in the Great Food Truck Race!!
are u going
The views are so beautiful as you roll away through the south & SE side. The lighting is so great right now. More Kodak moments than I c ...
RT : Happy Intl Women’s Day! “Women are not free anywhere in this world until all women in the world are free”—Leymah Gbowee
I need something to do tonight
Whoops! 2 hour accidental nap.
Many say they do and after the fact you find out they are broke as a joke . I would like to hear from some succesful people please
Application deadline for South Africa is one week from tomorrow!! Hurry and get your applications in !
who sleeps in on a workday? up at 6 today boys. so much to take in, but I'll have an opinion, I'm sure of it ..
Congrats to Jason for picking Chelsea and Bayern to play in the 2012 CL Final.
It seems like I can get things done faster when I'm listening to some music.
Monday will be the day I talk to you in the luch line 4th period...god willing (:<U+E022>
Seeing first block of Hurricane Season at the Eclectic Co Theatre tonight. Look for me in block 2 in 2 weeks!
that awkward moment when you think you lost an earring then get home to realize you never put it in..
aw shucks:') you shouldn't have!
Psst! Tentacle fans! Today in Tentacles has moved from blogspot over to tumblr! Http://todayintentacles.tumblr.com! Update your RSS!
“: Look at your bracket. Now look at the Jets' QB depth chart. Feel better? #MarchMadness” hahaha yea about my bracket.
I made lots o kandi today.
Im on the right track baby i was born this way<3
Oh no. Sending good vibes for a happy hump day!
Gorgeous day out, can't be very many of these left. Come to Cathedral Square today and try some delicious food from Haute Taco!!
I saw you in Cleveland last Thursday and fell in love with your music! As soon as I get money I'll be buying all your songs(:
Great seeing you in Las Vegas at the PPAI show!
Something new very soon in early 2012. Stay tuned to all Rainline sites
RT : Heads Up Georgia Educators! & I r planning an #EdCamp ATL Pass the word!
It's very important to have the right clothing to exercise in
Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction
reunited with Ryan
I keep seeing 20 something southern gay men on my TL. Still not complaining.
Just Finished Watching DewVal Movie Seniors Edition, Shit Is Real Yo! We Out
Go to the Loussac Library for the Friends of the Library book sale. Cheap books, supports the library. Win, win!
curious: do you have a sort of network across the states for dogwalking/petwalking services? sounds like a lot of fun!
We're looking for a new web developer! Any ideas...?
MISS TENNESSEE MOVING ON......AGAIN!!!
I'm Kinda Havin This Phase With James, Kinda Growin On Kendall, Logan's Adorable But Carlos Will Always Have a Special Place In My Heart <3
1914-At a #baseball game in #Washington William Howard #Taft becomes the first #POTUS to throw out the season's first ball.
great to join in a for a bit. hope everyone has a great rest of the week
happy birthday to my idol wish you the best day ever and enjoy
R.I.P. Donna Summer! It was time that God called you, but now you're in heaven in a more peaceful enviorment!
Someone ate or stepped in doodoo. I'm hoping it's the second.
Omg had so much fun at the photo shoot :)
Love Will Get You Killed Nowadays
(2NITE) WE LIVE @ THE VAULT 4 THE GRADUATION EDITION OF VIP SATURDAYS... GRADS FREE ALL NITE- LADIES & GREEKS FREE TIL 12AM
its not thursday in the usa yet lol
Beauty is power; a smile is its sword.
yeah I uploaded them a while ago... are they not there?
follow please ? (:
Somebody take me to the nike outlet, I'll sell the gas in my car to buy shoes...
Ur welcome. Love ur conference. Great seeing you on twitter.
Come on down to the HP Pavilion a little early and get hyped up at the Sharks Street Rally! puck drops at 7
Liter Night at the Anchor Bar!! $6 Liters, $5 Jager, And $4.50 Bacardi Drinks... Come in for the best bar in South Tampa on Friday Nights.
Jumped off of our roof in an attempt to travel by hammer like Thor. Lucky for me the porch roof broke my fall.
OMG its one in the morning and I look great because I am buzzed on Mtn. Dew OH BABY
I need to just get away for a long long while
#CurbsideCookoff- DC Metro Area's Biggest Food Truck Party. May 5th
Who's going to buy a jersey for the upcoming season???
was it the matching uniform?
how would i find out who my label rep would be for WFKY Froggy 104.9 in Frankfort, KY?
Ain't Nobody Really Bout Dat Life Doe
I'm glad the NHL stepped up to suspend Giroux, but I worry it will galvanize the Flyers a la Game 2 for Devils w/o Kovy.
Awww! Too sweet!!!
Alien Empire. simple, yet powerful. I want to read it.
i definitly want to visit all those
Anaheim , California! We are performing at Chain Reaction tonight!! Doors at 6!
I remember dialing into a Unix command line as 'going online'. ICQ was fun.
Erg...not quite Zo. Oh well, you're still great
I hate that song too.
I hollywood agree, how you gonna come here and act more Hollywood then me when you never been here and you don't even live here nigga cray
lake show all day
shut up usher ugly a lil bit thow
I can't wait to wear head to toe white and look fabulous with no fear
" home early; boredd now!"
That, or if you are doing, you may not be facilitating. And it may not be more_experience as it is division of labor.
Social media has seduced too many athletes (esp. in the NBA this year) -- into speaking their mind way too often.
6-10 inches of snow tonight. I seriously think God is laughing. He says, "Yep, keep believing that 'Global Warming' crap".
you do realize she is like tinny right ?
Catching a checkers game with Santiago. And we get to camp in the arena tonight
swear I tried to tell em..
To take your life is NOT an option.
Difficult things take a long time, impossible things a little longer.
. says we need to look at allocation of resources at colleges. #CFB "sucks all the air out of the room."
Please add me to the #MW2012 list. Thank you kindly!
true... Then I wouldn't have to listen to that goofy gator Collinsworth. :-)
Lesson of the day (and everyday): Choose to be great!
if we're fucked up you're to blame.
Do girls still grow their finger nails long anymore?
How about them Chicago Blackhawks!
Go get 'em, John Dwyer ! I love seeing you call out people who toss cigarette butts on the ground.
It's time to start thinking about your business telecoms renewals.. Give us a call and let us make it easy for you : 0844 880 2010
Talking to :)
Texas isn't for everyone!
Nice turnabout :D
Awesome meeting and filming the Weather Channel!
Don't miss JAP presenting that the #pollies12 #FF campaign vendors SHOOTOUT
If u don't already follow him & you are part of the trading card world you've got to add marketing manager
Who's got their group shirting face on for tomorrow?
Exciting! and from the digital team of teaching social media at #GMU tonight.
“: I think getting a papercut ... worst things that can happen to human being.” The only other contender is stubbing your toe.
Zack Ryder or Jack Fagger.... I mean Swagger?
Thanks for the mentions!
I just took one too.
Communications majors and Science: blog about it.
Bishop Wells was right on today with his thoghts on Joseph very uplifting. Go Bishop Wells. Cynthia Harris
I love khloe and lamars relationship
You have no idea how happy I get when t<U+0336>h<U+0336>e<U+0336> <U+0336> <U+0336>p<U+0336>h<U+0336>o<U+0336>n<U+0336>e<U+0336> <U+0336>r<U+0336>i<U+0336>n<U+0336>g<U+0336>s<U+0336> <U+0336>a<U+0336>n<U+0336>d<U+0336> <U+0336>i<U+0336>t<U+0336>s<U+0336> <U+0336>y<U+0336>o<U+0336>u<U+0336>.<U+0336> microwave beeps and my food is ready
That was it. Thank you!!
Yea... My pops is a little crazy but he knows me well :) he didn't say anything reckless about me did he???
poor Dave you bit him....... That...Thats Just..Sad
Anyone else been having problems with Verizon dsl and repeated disconnects in the DC area lately?
you're missing a fire drill you lucky dog! Walking down 19 flights of stairs = fun.
scary movie 3 is trending haha
Because of you....i am afraid </3..
its still a fun story, and also would eliminate one of the better teams...go broncos
Microbrews, deer meat and last min xmas shopping
Show me the right path, O LORD point out the rd for me to follow Lead me by your truth and teach me, for you are the God who saves me.
Welcome to twitter Mary Jo! be sure to consider checking out and also and
RT : That's not Ben Revere? RT : There's a squirrel on the field at Coors. Anyone know his Twitter?
Something tragic in the crazy lady on 23rd angrily screaming "I DON'T NEED ANOTHER FRIEND!" this morning. Well, w/ an attitude like that...
...Pittsburgh to the ACC...it just don't sound right!
I love how everyone calls Justin "Kid."
Still recovering from sleep deprivation from prom. Gotta love senior morning off periods!
by all means… just need someone to help with a quick 10 minute spot at the downtown Pirmanti Bros
"Read outside your field"--Mike Rose.
I'm a bad mofo#howyoulovethat?
art moved away from narrative. literature tried (g. stein) but failed to accomplish abstraction. art broke free because it can.
"When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be."
Likewise, Kathy; thanks again for your contrib's to CF, they are inspiring & timely. Wishing you great success w ~
Day trip to Julian today for some apple pie. Amazing to think that a city boasting four seasons is within about an hour of San Diego.
There's aconversation that's been going on in LinkedIn for a while (apparently). Just added my 2 cents. And yes, yes they do!
based on the amount we have its pretty unlikely. Gen. Tso is out for sure. Very small qty!
I literally went to the Kube 93 haunted house last night.
Dude that drops it just so he can catch his bus. Then the dude who comes in switch and shifties, had to watch that twice.
We got half a pack of gum and a case of mountain dew, let's party.
RT An Officer and a Gentleman Who Were Both Fired by Baine -
2/2 u can easily find early adopters because they are the ones annoying u with requests for extra iThings & jerseys WITH NUMBERS
BK.. It's Bill b time..hate to say
Who's getting excited for the #MkeAutoShow next month? WE ARE!!!
it doesn't bother me. I just think its funny!! I feel honored they take time out of their day 2talk about us!
The Crysta Show #64 - St. Patty's Day and Corona
Ha! Any brand preference? :)
What's the point of bidding up an item on eBay three days before it ends. People are so stupid.
Now that the weather is warmer I think they will
has that era gone away? It immediately evoked images of LA hipsterdom...
#Bieberfact “One Time” isn’t directed to a specific girl, it’s directed at all girls. RT if you want Justin to write a song for you.
Anyone who loves KPOP/Korean culture-follow me :)
Singing through Quadrophenia with the cabbie. Hailing
I totally would.
We have a show in Humble, TX tonight! Time to party!!!
#DesireThursdays- give me your desire and i will place it at my alter- in honor of the launch of the new spring mastery program!
Just sat next to one of the guys Swamp People... Awesome. My life might be complete.
now mind your business -_- ..
cant sleep -.-
"THE HUNGER GAMES" - (Training Camp Edition). You've trained for this moment, the only question now is.... are you prepared? 347 249 9441
I want me some glittery flats....asap.
Yoo swear need plans for tommrow anybody up for ritas
There is really nothing better than that. Thanks for visiting The Lube!
didn't get that whole link can you resend?
seeing sunshine cleaning-thank you to go acting
Hey we have to be at church by 4:00 p.m tomorrow for a mothers day idea thing. Tell ur sister
I think someone threw up on my car last night...
#IFindThatAttractive bad boy appearance but sweet on the inside, kinda like my boo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> love that nigga <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Very true ... That and being an English teacher is in my blood.
After yesterday, I'm working to enjoy life and be the best person I can be...in every way.
YOU'RE NOT PERFECT?
Closing statements coming soon. #Bloomingdaledc Henderson has become laughable in answers, statements, and questions.
Friends from Mexico called last night talking about major city curfew. Does Mexico have everything under control really??
Feared it would be a bad kind of nutty, but it was a good kind of nutty. Lookingglass theatrics, bright spirit, yummy food.
They have a lithp. RT It's only 5:25 a.m. and 2 people already tweeted May the 4th be w/you. Gonna be a long freakin' day.
Not being able to do eenie meenie the right way...." eenie meenie miney moe catch a bad ch..."
better yet they could have brought him up when they sent Tim Wood down since Badenhop replaced Volstad.What Gives?
Me, too RT Been thinking about moving corporate financial books to an online service, but the security paranoid in me resists.
Good morning Loves! <U+2764>
The world population will reach 7 million next week and still the Republicans can't find a viable candidate.
and it was definitely a highlight. Congratulations again & thank you for sharing that <U+266A>
Four months and 20 days until my 21st birthday. Awesome!
Today's specials: chicken + rice soup, lemon pork belly with coleslaw.
I'd like to make a shoutout SHOUTOUT!!! :)
welcome to New York Rangers hockey!
My life, my choices, my mistakes.
I love Alex tho
OH: "The Internet is made up of creative people and their ideas and not businesses and their business plans."
The Pretenders - Boots Of Chinese Plastic - 05:15 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
I would like to run through the sprinklers. But I guess the beach will do.
Good judgment comes from experience and experience comes from bad judgment <3 <3
Thanks for letting us know about the article on #DASER speaker Alberto Gaitan, We'll check it out.
#iss2011 combining numerous vendors under one umbrella makes it easier for collection dev folks- would save booking costs
i am happy followed me
#ireallymiss the best show I've ever seen on TV #Lost. Good thing is I could probably watch it again and still not totally get it.
Did the fool at the set last night lol
Welcome ! Watch this [Clancy's] space!!!
I'm Talken big money I'm Talken heavyweight
Congrats on being named the newest Green Bay Packer! Get your beast mode on
The best thing about the game of golf is how many jobs it creates. All those golf pros and therapists and divorce lawyers...
Everyday it's getting played out more an more! Ughh
Men in Black.
In some ways clarifying a vision is easy. A more difficult challenge comes in facing current reality. - Peter Senge
FUNNY! We offered the alternative (Words w/Friends) option on our Facebook page.
Too much fun last night. Good to see
I dont subtweet, i send a polite text, email or phone call so u kno its fuck u... Any1 who knows me in real life can vouch for that
right on fam
I am not satisfied with life at the present time. I will feel a sense of gratification when I get to travel the world and meet people.
Where will you be?
that literally made my day lol!!
Rough draft of my Thesis: "The Joseph Theory: Black Power & the American Crisis in the Age of Obama" finally complete! Now 4 the review. :-/
not sure. I plan to stop by there and get the scoop, and will let you know.
Nobody even noticed Ersan has 30
What happened to City High?!?
Yeah, and those sports academies are treating those 6 year olds really well Buzz... -____-
Its never enough RT : You are the creepiest person I have ever met...
Me and 's photo convos>> #prettycrucial <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
ayye that's wasssup. I was smokin herb today wit ppl and chiiiillin.
Sure no mention.
Thanks so much for the RT !
$10 to watch me jerk it. My mom whispering in my ear "God, if you weren't my son..." is no extra charge.
just celebrated three years with your girl Alpha
“: Well now that we have Scarlet, EOS-1DX, C300, & D4, the big question is how they compare to the iPhone!” hahahaha
i want to wear a dress tomorrow but I'm pretty sure its going to rain
You gotta love Barkley, He is just sitting there watching the game on the monitor and could care less that he is on live TV
Saving that for lunch ;) RT : Science Diet is much better on your digestive system.
LMAO! "Let's open up that stinker" that battleship of an asshole lmao. Yooooo, Fidel said sum bout a 52 inch pizza. Let's go
ill hit you up this coming week, ill show you what I cooked up.
I can't believe I don't got back to school any more. This is crazy.
I'm willing to bet money that next week on The Bachelor one of them says, "I Belize I'm falling in love with Ben. " All while in Belize.
oh wow nice... Hhahaha
Fantastic movie. If only it had a higher budget.. But fantastic, none the less
Well, I can't answer the second, but Johnson went deep.
Agreed, maybe an 11 for Giants RT : Good follow up , I'd give #SFGiants, Golden State Warriors a 10.
FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK!!!
So what #bass you gonna get next? Curious minds need to know... :)
Thank you! We are very excited about it! Thanks for following!
um followin u now follow back
It's crazy how obsessed I am with heels
Cant wait for the summer! Going to Vegas for Hip Hop International!
At Miller Park, talking to Brewers fans who say this team is going to the World Series. Hear their reasons, on 12 News at Ten.
CMT is far from having anthing Jersey Shore related.
RIP Steve Jobs... Wow, you will be missed.
"The Brave one" was pretty good
Anyone know a band that would have been on the up in 1951, and could have then slept on the couch of some artist in the Bowery? (Fiction HW)
I have returned from the dead with a vengence. Even starting a blog soon.
it's just our MRL league and we won two and tied the last
you either come to me or you don't
Can't stop watching Melissa and Ade's performance to "This Woman's Work"... The most beautiful thing you will ever watch. Tyce is a genius.
Whoa..just added an absolute CRAP LOAD of y'all on G+...hahahahaa <333
Customization isn't just for rich and famous anymore! Come create your own pasta today for lunch!
uh why? It's her account..
There's probably no hope of this awesome idea landing in the Valley, is there? The rent's cheaper here than Santa Monica, hint hint...
thanks Jess :))
Thats just weird...
asked me yesterday why didn't I get my weave longer than my real hair. I said whit this is my real hair. Lmfao
Here's hoping every one has a safe Valentines Day evening a wonderful night and sweet dreams!
If I Die Tomorrow, nobody would come to my funeral.
It's a beautiful day, so I'm @ the park letting my daughter get it in!
Panda express >>>>>>
that's awesome!!
Good to have you here, Great conversations going on. Now, out for lunch!
Sign up for lightning talks in the big room (1400) on the whiteboard.
"If we only have the will to walk, then God is pleased with our stumbles." - C. S. Lewis
im exaggerating ull never be as great as me, but u can try hard and shoot over 40% from midrange maybe
Got to give it up to 98.7 Kiss FM. Playin all the 80s jams this weekend. Might have to hit that '86 Ham reunion nxt wknd.
that's life !!
Is awake and not happy about it. Of course it's 1 in the afternoon, so I prob'ly shouldn't bitch 2 much.
How are you removing your tattoo? Laser?
the reading of his- tory makes possible the revolt against what G. K. Chesterton once called the
At the dog park relaxing and trying not to think about writing
;) you know it.
Oppose yeah!!! Back on the dream!
We love Mila Kunis too! Glad to hear you liked her new movie!
call me maybe
ahh! busted! I don't remember how I created it.. haha! Still working on it.. but ur the 1st to notice. Kudos. :D
Aw I'm so sorry :( I hope he unblocks u! <3
mostly all my friends backstabbed me. the only real friends back then, are my bestfriends now
*gun shot gun shot*
"Tell everyone what you want to do and someone will want to help you do it." ~ W. Clement Stone
I think the sharks should have taken a spin on the ...great behind the scenes footage idea.
Sounds YouTube worthy Brennan & Nick! :) Hoping to make it!
What are you going to be for Halloween?
who needs friends, riqht ?
I love that my aunt compares Mike and I to Morticia and Gomez Addams because of how goofy in love we are. Lol. Love you auntie!
Not sure why I've received two Happy Mother's Day texts today. Not sure if it's a joke or not but it's not funny..
Craig do you still hang out at 37?
I want icecream :/ too bad I finished all the gelato yesterday.
maybe I will see you there! What is your goal time? 1/2 or full?
If ever there was a day to play hookey, today would be it. It's gorgeous outside. Wish I could play with the dog all day!
Relationship chapel? FML please, singles awareness day.
It only cost me hardwork & discipline. If u too can afford it you're set! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> “: I just want a body as fit as <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>”
hope you can join us at the 2012 Milwaukee Wine Opener!
follow her tweets!
also good luck! I hope it is something easy :)
ATTENTION SINCE THE BOYZ HAVE MADE MERC. THAT MEANS THEY'RE GOING TO BE BIG. US CHICAGOIANS NEED TO WORK TOGETHER TO GET THE BOYZ TO CHICAGO
appreciate the love and support, keep rockin with me homie and join this #TeamTGuy movement
D-Squad and Taking over South Beach and The Rest Of M.I.A Next Week !
LOL Elise. I liked her better than Holly
So much to do before next week
I follow Oprah Winfrey on twitter... not because I give a shit what she says but because one day I hope to see her big jugs!
Piriform Introduces Mac Version of its Popular "CCleaner" PC Optimization Tool
#Photo Flashback: Searson @ #Chicago Irish Fest 2009 - www.theconcertstage.com/searson2009.html
Alright, who has broken their New Years #resolutions already?
Company Holiday Party! Celebrating amazing dancers and the wonderful Holiday season!
they're great, but taste like ass.
you are out of your fucking element
Please follow my new twitter account! I'll follow EVERYONE back there! ----> <---- Love you guys
Dead serious. & He actually has a large fan base. I don't get it..
Today's Menu: Meatloaf Muffins, mac& cheese, cookies, maple bacon donuts
M. Angelou, & new fb frnd: "Words mean more than what is set down on paper. It takes the human voice to infuse them w/deeper meaning."
i forgot how amazing breakfast food was tho
today! probably be there early next week!
Happy Easter Everyone
No freaking joke, I asked for the class list for nonprof mngmnt and they sent me the list for the dual Masters of Philanthropy
Come see Dante in the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!
Thanks to much easier to find Christmas crackers this year.
Hey , welcome to the family!
Come build and decorate your own boxcar at GCM this Saturday from 10am-4pm!! What fun!
I Wish I Could Dance Like The Jabawalkeez.
haha OH stop girl! you're so cute. when we going dancing?! :P
I'll be waiting! <U+E405>
me either.. Last year it was those dumb zhu zhu pets which surprised me.
Congrats to the Class of 2012- graduating this weekend from !
Gonna go sleep outside
So, yeah, looks lke Twitter has changed those notification emails again for no reason whatsoever. Well, off to change some message filters
agree 100% with your tweets! I have never tweeted you but you're one of my favorite Zayn accounts. :)
Scored Wegmans to sponsor the GLCCb's first ever Gay-ish/Jew-ish Passover Seder. Save the date! Monday, April 9th
In that case, all he needs is a pair of glasses and he'll be closing for the Indians.
Any man that can't be straight up with a woman is a Bxtch
Stunned by how difficult it is to work with Ameriprise on a simple in kind transfer of assets. Looking forward to not dealing with them.
Its not a party without
You know theres a shortage of female emcees when BET got R&B chicks spittin in the cyphers wow!!!!!
When that day comes ... I'll be there ! (lovin the tune you worked on with btw)Keep up all the great work :)
Kerryann as J. Lo. Yes, it happened at
Wen I sleep in a hoodie it's cuz I'm either sick or don't give a toss up about anything
All wrapped up in being 19 chasin stars that fallin
Tonight at 10 p.m. turn on to learn about our successful Senior Transitional Housing Program making a difference in San Diego!
See you tomorrow<3(:
When I want something bad enough...i dont give up! No matter how long it takes or how hard it will be even when it feels like theres no hope
I love rumchada!!!
Just saw a dog chasing a goose thru the waters of Lake Mendota! So glad to be at #UWRightNow! Especially on Lakeshore Path.
You too, have a great time!
you should come!!! gonna be smangin!
I hate photos. I feel like I'm wearing gospel church gowns.
oh wat haha now its a double date :)
Shoot... I need to get ready.... The weather is perfect, but the daily plans aren't! Must win lottery! Then quit job!
i'm the worst person when it comes to texting back ):
Mustang Island
.. Chicago Diner, check; backyard BBQ, check; Juno & the Paycock, check; visit the Ten Cat, check; pack up and head for the train ...
i thought Hollins hated KG, i remember them going at it in recent games, never would have guessed they knew each other.
Certainly haunted me all throughout my childhood, with my body's stubborn refusal to turn neigh-invulnerable.
Thinking about my boy Denardo, who would've been 30 today. Miss you, fam.
What exercises do you do to stay in shape for tennis?
will you sthu!
Looking for Male/Female Pop-Rock Songwriters for TV FILM PROJECTS. email Only serious apply please
Just wrote on my own wall.....trippin in stereo huh?
"O Lord, help me to be pure, but not yet."
Knuck if you buck is still my shit!
Never under estimate the heart of a champion! Rudy T (inspired by my Yankees fight for survival!)
Go for it - that is one article I'll never write. : Someone needs to write a "Why I Love Concrete Buildings...
...yes you can # ATribe Called Quest
Thanks! I passed!
thank you Frank! That's so very generous of you - it means a lot, thank you!
whoever that nigga is u RT'd said some real shit lol
: Very informative pre-show email Marcelo, thanks much. You have been working hard!
Just let me know when we need to march on Canton. There has be a place for #64 there somewhere. Happy New Year & go Pack!
old Justin this Justin is getting me pissed
It'll always be Liquid Paper to me.
- What happens if they end in a draw?
Welcome back. What will 2012 be like for you?
And don't give me that old political trick of holding up a handful of successful high scoring poverty kids and saying all are the same.
u a bad mf
if you ever need somebody to body you on your own song hit me up for free
Sappy love movies >
One can only hope!
Here...in place of self-promoters, follow Trust me, it'll blow all smugness & sanctimony off your timeline.
Molly mane.
That IS what the money is for.
Playing beer pong with your dad.
Love can make you feel good and make you feel like shit. I dont fux with it that often.
DO YOU LIKE SKITTLES?;) ;)
“: Anyone awake?” of course. What's up!!
Good Night. :D
He had it coming.
portable scanner that picks up Portland firePD - The- scanners portable
I am embarrassed to live in a nation where 39 states have anti gay marriage laws.
#Imagine Louis: Roses are red, violets are blue, God was feelin’ good when he made you. :)
- Happy Birthday cupcake! ;) XoXo
key terms and intervention are. Also go with questions about how to go about makin it a book.
If you live in #San Jose Ca. #retweet this and #followus for your #SWAG factor! #jiujitsu for life!!!
Time is money, get u some
YES!! RT : Disturbing
yes!! Lol but you in Texas or Memphis?
“..: I love naans too. Make them all the time. Thanks for following back. :)” -gotta give love to the food lovers
...or maybe Tandy?
Girls is going to look great on Blu-ray.
#Random What makes Kim K a hoe? LOL
Pray for your pastors! We'll NEVER know what they take for us! Labor for them b/c they do the same for us! Time to
MT : Needs in China being articulated in Content & Connections Breakout
We all play the same game, just different strategies. And got the same problems, just different enemies.
Much needed on a Monday ;)
If runs in your tights were #trendy , I would own the runway. How did you not see this situation when I left 2974 hook this AM?
just because you dye your hair black it doesn't mean you're emo
": The best coaching hire this season was _______________." Frank Martin to South Carolina
There is alot you can say in general about Czech spelling.
Messing with people on Omegle :p and nice what kindda music do you write?
#Thatawkwardmomentwhen you get out of the shower and realize you forgot to bring a towel with you...
But then again there are so many other things that could be the problem, just in case go to the doctor!
How do I get rid of your ID. You are highly offensive. I tried to block you before
well never mind then!
I like your picture because it's so down to earth.
I find this true in 'historical board games'- to simulate past = chaos, so narrative steps in to guide.
Daily GTKY question: What is your favorite 50’s song?
FB Must Have A Lot Of Chedda
here ill change it to a good pic
So glad for all the work IWJ is doing for workers in WI, OH and IN. Learn more at www.iwj.org
Summer can come early already.
Too soon. Just got one at 4am last night in Ruskin. I am not a happy camper right now
when are you coming back on a&e miss watching it, ttyl
Er how is Hamlet about writing technologies? Sounds interesting...
Your Touch
Just starting to watch the game, so I can't comment on it. Young o-lines usually struggle. cc
Cant hide anything now! Careful what u wish 4 :) RT : Eww. Maybe i'm rethinking this having Sar on twitter thing.
Boy shut up!
I had such high hopes for all I could accomplish with my vacation days.
This game..
Having my eyes dilated <<
Shouldn't EVERDAY be Veterans Day? Flag flying... check. Thanks Vets. Thanks alot. Dang.
Operator:“911 please hold.” Me: “Stop murdering me for a sec, we're on hold.” Murderer: “K.”
I'm hungry e.-
if wotc is interested in porting local players to extralocal tournaments, they need to have familiar landscape. jace gets in way
Rickey got a job offer he couldn't refuse!
Seems like 400 RT : On average, most radio stations cycle through the same songs 15 times a day.
To all those people who think I can't succeed....well guess what? I WILL
I'm your sole follower. Typical
yes but a project like that has high asset management costs. If you can't get it leased out
I should have done Cluck before my prom!
Pleasure is ours. I love that your office has something called "food day" haha. Enjoy! cc:
Now she want a photo you already know tho, you only live once that's the motto nigga yolo (: - <33 sexiest man alive<33
hey ryan what's up?
“: out here hustlin for scissors” hope you found some! Haha
I know!! He seems like a real genuine guy!
will have to check it out
Almost started cryin in class.. AUSTIN THIS IS WHAT YOU DO TO ME!!! haha I'm excited for youu!!!!!!
Hey, hey, HEY! Fastball was a TWO-hit wonder ("The Way" and "Outta My Head")!
This is a great one, Christine. Thank you for sharing! We'll have to craft a response. :)
Thanks for sharing our content. We love seeing small businesses integrate different channels successfully.
Heading out to for some much needed brunch. Can't wait to try their tots!
#1 You got... Fifteen by Taylor Swift :) I love this song !!!
thanks, im going to start working on your. Might be done tomorrow
I KNOW SAME BOAT
BJ Raji is the best! Did you name his name was on the table for potential kitty names?
On my way to find lol gonna c him hehhehe cant wait(: and i will upload the pics and videos!
Posting a new song on YouTube tonight! It's called "My Apology." So happy!:)
Nope, not at all. Imma shorty.
Nice work! P.S. I voted for Rosenblum-- you caught me on my way to starbucks :)
Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns; I am thankful that thorns have roses. Alphonse Karr
New look!:)x
Isn't Marilyn Monroe dead?????
Getting more ink an sending did tweet at the
so. looks like my should arrive on Monday. let's hope they fit this time! thanks for your help,
Of course! I have no doubt I'll believe him completely in the role.
I need that!! #shouldabeenme <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
you know george?!
Audition went exactly as well as I had hoped it would! Now I wait.
Pair programming, We'll figure it out. I think it's an environment variable we have to sort out
Everyone is entitled to be stupid, but some abuse the privilege.
Who thinks hospital ratings are important for choosing a hospital for care?
Is the sweetest girl ever(:
Looking forward to
Power is the great aphrodisiac. ~ Henry A. Kissinger
What's the best way to manage RSS feeds if I don't really like Google Reader? Any suggestions?
Gotta lot on my mind finna Go to sleep NBS
where you moving to?
Barack Obama ignores the Constitution by taking away my freedom to take away gays' freedom.
Omg the ppl that live over us SUPER ghetto omg really ppl have to get up n the morning GOTO SLP
The Salmonella outbreak in eggs make me think that this could be a great bonus level for the Angry Birds app.
we can still act like it's Thursday...
Good Point.
Pipe down you two!
Without communication it's like a cellphone with out the battery. It just won't work!
let's chat on messages ok
Capture the Crown are unreal!
Pleasuredome of electric souls on windswept horseback possessed under subjective spells; metamorphosing into entities of prehistoric spine.
Let freedom reign. The sun never set on so glorious a human achievement. - Nelson Mandela
wen i say im my bruthaz keepa man i meant it..i dnt fuck wit too many u neva b my co-defendant
I think he imagines the simplest possible navigation. A one-level menu. It's for an organization, so: Home. Staff. Etc.
I Hate How The Tumblr App Is Madd Slow!
True equality is not obtainable without greatly restricting liberty,
Morning world....
that's it?
I hate it when South Side PPL call the West Side Dirty and Ghetto!!!
Girls want a guy that is on his shit.
Veni, Vidi, Velcro - I came, I saw, I stuck around
jay cutler must return bears won't b complete
Hey Paula, was there ever an episode of your show that you focused on beans and called yourself the bean lady??
back hair.
I Eat the Pussy like a Pro” n she love dat shit Dey said #treehyde a freak naw i jus love tu please da pussy
That's gthe BEST kinda weekend!
And that's a problem?????
does it keep calendar information or store files? :-/
Thank you for spending time with students today. They were inspired. We are grateful for your leadership!
not sure we ever said thank you for listening to Mwahaha. thanks
vp of realistic movements
It's August! This is gonna be a big month for me; I'm turning 21, moving out of my parents' house, starting the 2nd half of college... eek!
Watching the ACMA's. Nice to see Lady Antebellum do so well.
Awkward elevator moment today: I recognized the person next to me but not sure where. I think he was thinking the same thing.
#ThoseThreeWords Stop, no and don't... I SAID "BIOTCH!!!"
Congrats dude. What kind of job is it?
Sure thing bucko.
remember Scott La Rock?
Finally Its Friday!
I was still stuck on trying to figure out what btw means...
just put down your pork cheek app, veal heart tartar app & duck confeit cassoulet entree.
I think you are awfully smart!
thank you so much!!! Can we send you our new one?!
Interesting conversations at the Baltimore City Democratic State Central Committee meeting...
Thanks, Matt. Appreciate the love!
Cano base hit. Let's now get him home.
Anyone using digital badges as rewards for library Summer Reading Programs? maybe an app to scan the book barcode then deliver the badge?
The only reason I've survived this whole week is dinner tonight with and #twitterless morgen and Lindsey.
Considering I'm a partner at the theater and we have a strict no texting policy, I excused to Tweet. ;-)
The sun came back to MN today!
Just used the Circuit feature to request a book needed for research. Super easy! :)
Just sent you a translation of the Vatican ATM message.
another wonderful day state side! Loved Roma, but I love the home-a more!
yeah I don't do dairy either but I saw it and thought of your skinny butt walkin in & demolishing it!
Twitter is fucked up or something, this should've already trended HUSTLERS LOVE ATL
Clue #1: this place bridges past and present.
JUST SENT MY MAMA OFF TOO GO GET MY BD SOME PiCS.
FOLLOW BACK :)
First Red Raider Orientation is today! Pray for breakthrough today!
Don't be stealing the office coffee k-cups for home use now Mr #nonstopdave. ;)
ACUTA welcomes Corinne Hoch as Interim Executive Director. She will work closely with the staff & Board of Directors. Email .
RT : AVENGERS press screening delayed because they "accidentally deleted the movie." Welcome to the digital age.
gonna be that guy and play one of your jams while you're in the room
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
ah that's cold!
I will, thank you :)
Jan 28TH!! Theatrical Play "College Fund"!! The last show before we Go On Tour!! Officially Allen Iverson's Mom will play a character and...
i feel like ripping apart something . ugh!
Thanks, Sam!!
RT : It's getting hot in here Is it because all these people are hot?
good work!!
Excited to play today w/ ! plays at 3:30 follow by !
First ride, and what a ride. Whole new experience of I-90, lake Washington is gorgeous in slower motion. A full hour went by, just like that
You're not tall enough.
"Quality of my spam has increased" since being listed as someone to comment on -
Luk 6:32 For if you love those who love you, what thanks do you have? For sinners also love those who love them.
what you gonna sing?!?
still requesting it on :)
Show's down south in L.A. etc comin soon!!!
First drive in movie tonight!
I would be right there with you! good there are people like you to stand up to scum like that.
H is scared
Check out our upcoming sales! Online at www.njgallivan.com!!! Great High-End Furniture Sale Starting May 13th & 14th from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m.!
lls, I Ain't Drunk.... I'm Bout Drunk...Shid I'm Drunk Nie! (Rell Voice)
I wish this work day would end...I'm ready to go to The Arsenal now!
One more class then I get to go home....
#StayAwayFromMeIf you hate
A-Rod is kind of cold though...
I've tried tweeting u bunch times but u haven't responded is everything kewl man DM me man.
CHUCK AND BLAIR ARE ENDGAME.
what are we doing today?!
Back to sleep already...headache
Oh so NOW you all wanna be gingers?
nope , but alright then.
Thanks for following
Brain function is at an all time low level, only had 1 cup of coffee because I'm not feeling so great.
Take out life insurane policies on I.C.U. patients.
chllin no school spring break
My stance on paychecks: "Are these *all* of your hours?" "Probably not, but your guess is as good as mine."
JavaFX Runs on Raspberry Pi - iProgrammer
no problem, im fine thanks how r u?
Surf the train, and you could get wiped out for ... time immemorial.
Singing dancing penguins!!!
Top soil is the worst smell in the entire world
Representatives of our company are now boarding their flights to the exhibition in Mexico. Expo transporte ANPACT 2011
Not officially until 2012 graduates. Still seniors in the building doing finals RT : So 2O13 are officially the seniors of HVT
Driving down Germantown pkwy beside jamming to One Direction!!!
Today, October 3 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Steve Herbst | International Whistling Champion | www.latalkradio.com | Ch.1
Hmm....my human came home smelling like a billion other dogs....I hope he's not cheating on me. ;)
did you leave your heart in San Francisco?
Sunday Brunch...delicious! Join us for brunch until 4pm
I'm digging the Blues' alternate top.
Bryz just one of many glaring examples of shortsighted owners who think ANY player is worth that kind of contract.
I followed you! :)
m, Akron Family...
Just checked out Teddy by and I wish it was more than a short! #indie #horror Awesome Kevin thanks for sharing it w/ me!
New release Tuesday! Time to pick up some new music! Any suggestions?
It's valid 2put Sanford under a microscope, looking at the inner workings/corruption of small town politics.
yes would love it if you and 7 can make that happen Black Vodka is remix material and those are the perfect guys
JB come in Italy on October 4 ...
How on earth do people find these comfortable? I want to die right now. #CanIJustWearMyShortsAndFlipFlopsPleaseeee?
(My adds: #9 build a searchable FAQ list, #10 connect twitter) "8 Ways to Offer Better Customer Svc on FB via
#Ibetuwont show Vincent Castronovo on the screen again.
Awesome. RT : Rodgers: It was a good start for us. But I have to ask myself: What would have happened if we had offseason workouts?
twitter did you miss me?! I need more followers.......
I need to get my bf a xmas present! Whos ever idea i like best will get their name DMed 5 times to CODY SIMPSON/Mrs.Mahone!
Sean Donahue is talking to us today about data visualization and design. Big q: What does it mean to make information?
You're not anywhere where you'll be inconvenienced by it all, are you? I think 's leaving town during it. Smart man.
i would of retweeted that but you know i cant. :/
I hate when you have to be up early to be somewhere, but don't sleep well the night before because you are worried about missing the alarm.
I want chocolate milk!!
Hugh its 3 o'clock in the morn and I have to pee <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080> looks like I have to get up huh
That does not mean we can multitask everything, but it may mean we can multitask some things. Rules are made to be broken...
God speed to that great American
Way to go Cougars! RT : Cougars win! 5-2 over the LumberKings!
thanks! I'm going to have my almost 9 yo help, and do matchy ones for her baby pics too so she won't get jealous.
Santa Monica's new parking meters ROCK! That's technology!
What is your mailing address? Happy to send you one.
I skipped 'awesome' and went straight for 'awesome sauce' today.
": #stayfocused" < YEZZIR! Drunk and she's all about it... Drunk and she's all about it! (Repeat) LOL
tx for the follow, check out our desktop-to-mobile app virtualization platform, hope we can connect
Your thoughts can cause you to be rich or poor, loved or unloved, happy or unhappy, attractive or unattractive, powerful or weak.
ok I just played back!
Kalan cried in my lap because he was put in a scary new bedroom while my parents were gone. Poor little fellow. I'll try to fix it tomorrow.
When did this day start bein called turkey day
#QuieroQue guys wouldn't be idiots to girls...-_-
Yo just said he was having a "night out on the town"... You're in Fells Point tho...
I'm doing 4pm yoga today. interested in joining? Or supper afterward?
PLEASE follow back ? Thanks :)
Is it wrong of me 2 want more? Maybe I'm tired of being single .......
that is the most adorable thing ever. No joke. It's so cute!! :)
instapaper (when mobile browsing). Tweets aren't usually profound enough to bother actually having 'favorites'
i feel a blessing comming on :)
lol my bad
u know it!
Interested in sponsoring food for this month's meeting? Let us know! (Full details for the meeting coming soon!)
Green onions make my throat smell like a fat guys gym shorts.
My goal is to #follow 800 people by the end of the day. #followback rule applies. Please be cool people.
never stops and by the way showed me ur new girl ur talking to on worldstar last night. Great Choice
....What follows the night is the day. What follows the winter is the spring.”—Tony Robbins
Hope it's better than "Jennifer's body"
Transparency brings trust and credibility.
thanks for the kind words!
Nah Ahh!!!??? Professionaly?! Like With Real Tattoo Ink!?
I wanted to thank our 3 speakers and our sponsor for making SMBSD14 happen
I want to be a model.
you mean immaturity < ?
You got that right Rev!! My pretty girl (pic) loves your show but it took her mother to set her right as to who you truly are
a lot of new projects on the lurk for the summertime, s/o to Mattron, Chef,and Color Plus
And now bootylicious... Wish i remembered mine steph n mels dance to this hahahahhah
In troubled times, viewpoints get stupid and extreme on both sides. Fingers crossed that this is leading somewhere...
order Number 1 is so good :)
cooking breakfast
Fine, you better, I'm sick and tired of waitign.
The Numbers are Devastating: Fastest growing developmental disability = Autism Join us in the fight against Autism.
Question: how do you always have service, even in the middle of the ocean?
I will follow you follow me
Props to all my UW #iSchool peeps for an awesome showing at #WLA12 today! Conferencing is so much more fun when you have a posse.
STUFFING...without a doubt! #mds3180 haha
Well... I was kinda hoping your plane was headed here but its all good :)
Dear Headphones, stop having rough sex in my pocket. Sincerely, tired of untangling.
thanks, shentle! :D
#TdF has been so good, can't wait for the real sorting out tomorrow!
Such a good documentary! Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead. Has anyone seen it and made any lasting changes from it? Curious.
“ Our generation doesn't ring the doorbell... we text or call to say we're outside.”
Our sellers are local families who work together to bring you the best, freshest food on the farm. Come see for yourself!
she's gonna b visiting her little man there huh?
We are LA bound for the Hollywood Black Film Festival. Screening on Sunday at 12:30pm. www.hbff.org
Do exactly what you would do if you felt most secure. Meister Eckhart
Liverpool should seriously have four goals.
Made my night
Movie legend Anthony Quinn's actor son has died after suffering an apparent heart attack on Friday night.
I'd like to turn registration off on my Jomsocial site, and have new reg by email invite only. Does InviteX solve my problem?
A woman who can't cook and clean is basically just a fleshlight with a face
USC Trojan of course; there's no other university to select! Fight ON!
Linda Jamsen and Tina Good, please message us with your email addresses so we can send over details regarding your winnings!
I am struggling to work today...in the same boat! Like the post on stop submitting by the way.
AVENGERS (ASSEMBLY REQUIRED)
Yeah Meek Mill be going hard
- Post a one-sentence journal entry every day or two. A philosophical thought. Something you are doing or thinking about.
well it looks like I won't have 2 worry about loading UofL clocks on Froggy the rest of the week...c'mon CARDS...Cincy? Are you kidding me!
Had a great time meeting people and promoting with , , , and others!
Our docent presentations are free to active duty military personal and their families through Labor Day.
where's James?
Peredmirka is selling Hedwig Gorski's famous performance poetry CD Send in the Clown for $2 + ship through May--CDs are absolete have MP3s 2
YOU KNOW GURLLL C;
I love a man who grills me meat.
Yes! I love it - it perfectly communicates the idea that making mistakes is OK. Thanks for the great work :)
Thts because your boy left»»RT : Need a reality check cuz I be messin with them lame bitches...
i applaud dreams and i submit a hearty applause to the willingness to dream and and even greater applause to dreaming big
we gotta a spot. We can run this. #connectionlounge first cp production party of the year ytw
Time to go make some money!
#thefirerises So pumped to find out more about the Dark Knight Rises! 1 year and 17 Days to go hahaha
So mi dad doesn't say burp he say belch hahah its so funny though
You know what.. I haven't done a thing but eat the baked treats that my handsome husband has been whipping up all day....Life is good ;)
becse of the way i talk and react to things bad this is there guys
Going to see tasos amazing classical guitar work w/
Obv left out because you're too soft and accommodating.
How do you cure the travel bug?
Great meeting & chatting w/ you yesterday! Hope to see you again before we leave.
what on Earth is draw something? :)
and he does this on purpose! Charter member of the I Dress in the Dark Club!
About ready to take the stage at #DSE2012. Excited to speak on NFC!
At least it wasn't harmful. Now people will just think twice about the bread they give you.
Come visit the AIReS Booth #300 - the hall is a hopping tonight!
agree. RT : Kids, appreciate Banksy. We got David Blaine :(
Doing nothing is very hard to do...you never know when you're finished. ~ Leslie Nielson
the financial issue/ manufacturer is not even part of discussion.
Tate and Jason in sunny, warm San Diego for Thanksgiving. Chris spending Thanksgiving in New York City with friends.
Remember when "Fuck your momma" was fightin words? Now I'm all "Fuck your Fbook, twitter,myspace,live journal AND your angelfire"
Sym's and Filene's Basement stores will start going out of business sales before Black Friday.
it's ok little buddy!
Another day of freezer emergency hell. I'm SO frustrated but even more so, panicking as no space to cool cakes til company fixes.
Great #WDYTYA episode tonight. Would have liked to have seen her travel to Poland though--see if the synagogue still there.
best friend is on her way, brother is coming tonight, carnival on the quads, and #grooveboston tonight.
I'm actually amazed at the attitudes of the participants at #NYXPO. Why am I encountering such rudeness?
I totally agree
Writing, writing, and more writing.
got my lebrons best thing out of this day now need 2 make more money
that would be crazy. not really sure how it would look though. in person i mean or with wear and tear
I was saying boo urns RT : RT : Did they seriously mistake Chooching for booing? Come on, ESPN, are you new?
SOUND GOOD TO ME.
Exactly! Like, it's their responsibility to make the relationship work out no matter the situation they're in.
lets go ride soon cracka
"Please Go Away."
1. Favorite eye color for a girl 2. Blonde or brunette 3. Whens our wedding ;) 4. Follow?
What would you like to see me write about in my next blog?
looking forward to meeting with you next week to discuss our partnership!
Many women raise their eyebrows when they see the QuickGymCS.com lower body workout. "WOW! I know what that will do for my GLUTES!".
We are the #1 Smog Shop in Moreno Valley come see us for your next smog check www.MorenoValleyTestonly.com print our coupon of the site
just a link would work here on twitter
Happy Thanksgiving our U.S. friends.
Happy Halloween!! Watch out for those little ghosts and goblins!
I need to get out of this school!I need to get out of this school!I need to get out of this school!I need to get out of this school!
Well....this is a sucky situation.
not really, did you miss my tweet before that?
Thanks to all who came out tonight.We'll be outside the park Saturday and Sunday for those who couldn't make it. WeBeGreater.com
Mickey Mouse Clubhouse on Disney Junior is really a good show for preschool kids. Heck, I kinda of like it. LOL
come out west
#Retweet - Breathing in, wishing calm, ease, and grace to all who are bracing for the storm.
Heading home today. Books by the Banks setup tomorrow and the event on Saturday. Join us!
Hahaha, I love it when bitches subtweet me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
have to miss it this time around, I'm sure it will be great as always.
Francis Ford Coppola. The movies, the wine.
twitter speak for uh oh. :) but maybe a lil more surprised. Happy Friday!
R ya liking the 4s.?.my bud at work is prodding me to get 1
RT : Mobile phones are misnamed, they are gateways to knowledge - R Katz
Looking forward to the tour tonight! Monday Funday! See you in #FellsPoint!
12-1 La Costa at the end of the 3rd
Happy hour is in two hours!!! Stop by for a drink, snack and some #mariners action!!
i need your bible homework dude...
A2: ENGAGE but Don't Stalk!
too skinny can't act
Day 3 of usage. I'm in total awe of its UI & design.
“: This is the best response I've seen yet to this weekends news.” why thank you, you freak!
Congrats on the pilot pick-up! It will be great to see u both on tv again.
I finished the third book on Sunday and now I don't know what to do with myself... I'm kinda obsessed.
that'd be the awesom-est dream ever !!!! <3 Loll
or as they say in MVP 2003... "PALMEIRO!! Is having another PALMEIRO!! type season."
I miss my Utopian Madison.
Oh, you breathe oxygen too? Cool, we already have a lot in common.
Virginia Woolf~ For most of history Anonymous was a woman.
RT : RT : HUGE congrats to 's #Pulitzer winners: So well deserved.
Ok so this dude just told me that Andrew Bynum is now better than Shaq at the same age. What the hell?
I live for the nods pedestrians give when you stop to let them cross.
did a great piece on interactive university calendars and had some great things to say about us! Thanks, Seth!
that's good work Ms....
Fuck whoever n dont 4get u get money by being u so get paid fuck them n do u #$t8LikeDat....
step 1: clean car. stay tuned...
Congrats to our #SDSU #Aztecs on their first men's NCAA tourney win!
I already like but these Kia commercials are making me like him even more.
Some girls can take a joke...some guys are just assholes when it come to joking with girls /:
good suggestion except that I'd eat them all before we got there!
It's not realistic to seek what you don't believe in. Believe in your dreams to take the proper steps to achieve them
Good Morning to all you Orioles fans out there
Choose to find the good in any given situation.
I can't tell I think ur exaggerate'n ur tummy is str8
Hope that worked out! RT : I'm on a boat! With my ex-husband, ad wearing a white dress. What irony?
Everything is meant to be. God has a reason for every single thing in life and sometime it is when you least expect it that a new door opens
No, not rude. In fact, pretty darned considerate. Most folks would simply ignore it.
...just watched #300 for the first time. my night has definitely been a success.
Thinking of you
On what and halsted cause it be a lot of bullshit poppin off on halsted
'Ishtar' was remade. With music. It was called 'Glitter.'
Feel better for the GMAT test!
you're so sweet. I just saw some of ur mentions bout me. sry i just figured out how this whole twitter thingy works. :)
Beware: high schoolers can be innapropriate! Use Facebook as a filter. learned the hard way. ;)
Aww man, now Davy Jones is dead? Geez...RIP Davy. Such an awesome dude.
Needing some new for summer! Memorial Day is so soon!
lots of news stories on dogs found with rabies don't let that scare u into over vaccinating. Have your dogs immunity tested b4 vaccinating.
I swear I am going to gain 5 lbs from desserts alone at
Thanks for following us!
Shower flow...
Love this. Thank you!
You must be tired because you've been running through my dreams all night.<U+2665> <3
Any time. Would you be interested in doing an interview for my show?
Yes really
Get your raffle tickets in now! We're drawing in 15 minutes for a Full Conference Pass for 2013!
Darius could shorten to Dare...As in "I dare you" or (even better) "How dare you?"
dont make permanent decisions off temporary emotions
I love you so much I want all of social networking to see. I love you
There is zero correlation between hours worked and job satisfaction. All about fulfilling activities outside of work
Done with #Twitter for tonight
Bucks win a battle in clevland!
Reviewing final(?) TBR/UT license with Wiley.
"One hour to go. One more painstakingly slow, hour to go 'til freedom", is all I keep telling myself. Work sucks.
Hey, 90s Internet bubble: Now you're just some money that I used to know.
i think every girl should own a pair of jeffrey campbell's
Buffalo #Bills sign Vince Young. I like (backup)
So, you'll have to break that Tic Tac in half, you know. // RT : My lunch was 1999 calories. 1 calorie left for the day!
The more anger towards the past you carry in your heart, the less capable you are of loving in the present.-- Barbara De Angelis
They send me rocket to the sky...
": A dad should NEVER call his daughter a "bitch" . -___- that's bullshit." Thats fucked up
then when u wake in the am u goina b like damn I should have charged my phone
Bout to chill nd watch this game ^.^
er no it sounds eww ;P x
(So it goes to voicemail and I can keep them forever.)
Got great relief from the heat last night and spent it in the pool with little K . Who's to thank for the rain & breeze? Gulf hurricanes?
Good morning!!!
It is too cold in NYC, us Florida men are not built for this.
The thinking is that by the time Cleveland is good enough, Varejao's contract will be up.
Just smile and say "Yes, Mistress."
I bet the "Golden Voiced Homeless Guy" is grateful he's not on the streets right now...
Q5) Step up to the plate and drive the change
Proofing the August issue of Hoof Beats...wow! I'm always impressed with the beautiful photography. This month's cover is definitely unique
Forget all the reasons why it won't work and believe the one reason why it will.
where's my memory? #Frustrating. Call me
he was on POINT at the PCDC Ward 5 council meeting two nights ago.
Wish you well
Hey guys, I was just wondering if you had an official stance on the proposed campus-wide smoking ban.
Become a lifelong learner. The half-life of knowledge is rapidly diminishing. Staying in the same place is the same as going backwards.
Can't wait to see the article in 's annual #BBQ issue recapping last year's & the advertisement for this year's!!!
How old is too old to be goin to the club???
today's accomplishment - glued the hackney pony back onto its base. it goes into the display case tomorrow. bonus! c's clothes are folded
can you please please please come play in San Francisco :) ? It would be amaz-za-zing !
The barely acknowledged privilege boggles my mind. That kind of failure is itself a luxury.
To all my niggas i ain't talked to n a while i ain't mad at ya
#moms4bieber for Mother's Day <3
Might have just rolled the biggest L ever tho
i cant help but laugh at how fucking retarded your relationship is.
"Whatever you vividly imagine, ardently desire, sincerely believe, and enthusiastically act upon... must inevitably come to pass." Paul J. M
Fall 1 and Fall 2 registration is currently open. Call us if you need advising! August 15th will be here before you know it!
I wonder if I've met the person I'm going to marry yet <U+2665>
Jeepers #Bucks I'm about to stop watching.
I Just Wanna Be Successful *
Pack your tarts lads, we're off to bakewell
(born this date in 1888, died 1989).
so, Wednesday rage fest?
STORY TIME: DID I EVERY TELL YOU ABOUT THE TIME I WAS ROBED AT GUNPOINT ? - PAT FORD*
Just spotted , cute heels girl!
why would I want to block such a nice chap,with actual balls,that would be stupid.
Show your valentine some love with one of our gift cards!
looking forward to seeing you play up here 3/10. But not rooting for ya this once...I'm a #DCU Barra Brava :-)
"You movin right wanna see what's up under then back it up, beep beep like a trucker." Chris Brown- Strip. <3
Thanks, Greg!
10pm tonight - for an hour, still work for you?
Stop means go
me nd my boyfriend arguments and quick make ups >>>>>>>>>>
actual fun or sarcastic fun?
I think I'm going to be done caring about #Royals game when Duffy is lifted, which should be any time now.
lifelong YANKEE fan Chuck. Thanks for the follow!
I so bored lol and tired
Cant wait until the Kentucky Derby.
My life as I know it has changed...
#chipotle great commercial
"nobody can copy me. I got my doctor's degree in botony, that's why I a grow my marijuana properly"
thank you so much for the follow and the support - twin actors/models Alexandro and armando
The things that confuse me most.when some says the want youThen turns there backs on you and Gets mad at you when your with a guy .. What ?
Facebook twitter anytime oh!
Charles Barkley just said on TNT halftime report " the Spurs are going to win a championship" Kenny Smith couldn't say Sh*t!!
;; I wanna be your best friend (:
uh oh! how bad?
are you feeling better today? want me to bring you something to eat????
Some people really scare me and I pray that they can get the help they need. Hating or ignoring something won't stop it from moving forward.
#Imagine Alex: seriously [Your Name] is just a girl.. Austin: did you say 'Just'? Dude she's my whole life <U+2665>
Mail problems for some living on Washington Avenue and Locust Street - KSDK
“: I am honored to be at the table with these brilliant people... (@ The Capital Grille. Great dinner and discussion - thanks!
The building off John Nolen Drive, which caught fire the other day had a hot spot that firefighters had to put out this morning.
your profile picture is unreal
what's up?
i like how you save pictures of my boyfriends facebook status's onto your phone...
This time tomorrow ill be playing
That was so creepy /: my room was being conquered by ANTS Dx #IHateAnts I won't eat in my room ever again! <U+E40D>
don't forget me [:
OH SNAP.
I'm the magnificent
- we're doing our best to manage the traffic to the site, will be working here all night trying to iron things out. Sorry!
Dear weird rich dude just because its imported doesnt mean its cool
Work with construction? #safetyskills has many courses including: ladder safety, equipment training, and more.
whoever cutting they grass got my allergies killing me >_< my nose wont stop itching !!
What are your plans for #NewYearsEve in #Philly? Going to see the fireworks? Date night or friends at a party?
Radiolab is one of my top podcasts.
Lots of bummed out baseball players as rain wipes opening day at #WMLL. So instead we go to soccer in Deerfield.
Need nourishment before heading to #CIAA day party. Gotta keep my strength up.
Have you ever thought about how fast time passes?
Get tights & suspenders.
#kirstiesjobfair, award-winning jazz/funk/latin musician avail to work weddings, special events in So Cal
I sometimes wonder if A-Rod puts to much mustard behind some of his passes.
I did that once. I was more pissed off that my mother, who was on the other end, didn't clue me in.
It is definitely not a lack of sugar molecules, headaches from food can stem from a number of things
These #What2ChainzWouldSay are HILARIOUS!!
I was on State St from 1:30-4:00. I didn't know you'd be in the area.
i just checked my followers and u guys just made my day by following me!!ah! love you guys!!!<U+2665>
we talk tomorrow. i must go. bye ;* lov ya <3
you're welcome, I can recommend few sites if you want.
Vulgar prosperity
Oh, you like the Yankees? Please tell me about how you follow them year round.
“I didn’t say that, that’s a lie… I didn’t know that quote from Leviticus because I haven’t read the Book of Leviticus yet." -Pacquiao
Wow, everything about that image is indeed depressing. Beech Daly + rain, eugh
is this a joke?!
it would be great if you could let the future tenants know about his
you're a hero!
Dirt in your mouth and when you have brown teeth. That's the best. #getdirteeinsoftball<3
Hah, more like "go back to Arlington" ;)
I know, I really live up to my threats, right?
I'm sick :( painfully sick.
Hi how r u? Big plans for the weekend
yess thank you. :) you?
I miss you too
Rick and Wes are at Windseeker media day Carowinds Amusement Park!! Keep watch on our page for tons of photos!
This lightning lighting up the sky
<U+2665> Happy Bday ;)Would u Follow ur BIGGEST Fan?&make her shut up , finally ? She can't stop talking bout ya ;D(7)
#wiunion is Democracy, not just party connections. We want corporate interests to stay in business, but not working to control government
happy day jet
#realmadrid no matter who you sign you're still mercenaries and less than the sum of your parts. Eat my butthole!
RT : Lol-- Thanks Tracy! /Which movie did you go see? (or are in the process of seeing?)
If Obama had to show his birth certificate to prove he is a citizen shouldn’t Romney have to show his tax returns to prove he is a tax payer
Dude! Following u fo' sure and u need some LOVE - will get the other 2 here now in Front Office to hit u back also.
I needed that time w/ the crew last night. It brougth me back to reality :)
No matter what the truth will eventually come out sooner or later.
Thomas White: In Defense of Dolphins on WBEZ now.
Noo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> I fell asleep, but my mom recorded it for me!
Have you been to the London Chop House #cigarbar yet?
Mahhhomies, i think you should tweet that Mahomies should be the ones in for the contest! (:
Listening to pumped up kicks by foster the people, IT'S SUCH AN AWESOME SONG!!!!!!
Late adopter on this, but #Shameless is completely awesome.
Never thinkin' 'bout the consequences of her actions, livin' for today and not tomorrow's satisfaction
i could imagine...... Good luck with your new position, looking forward to RIMM's inovation....
Not sure if Grizz lack mental fortitude or CP3 is JUST THAT GOOD.
the #avengers was so great! makes one badass villain <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
A woman needs more than material things.
": He will die for lack of discipline, led astray by his own great folly. -Proverbs 5:23"
AMAZING of course!!!! =)
If they stopped child support today for good how many bitches would lose there mind....get off ya ass and work hoe scr8 like dat
Week 1 of sleeping discipline - NO WORK after 1130pm/be in bed by midnight.
Ok cool,I hope it goes well!!<When you are free,I wanna send you something
Wall St. Shrugged
Pretty sure that's Mars.
Hooray! So happy to 'see' so many of my Tweeple tonight! (I've missed you so much!)
RT : -"When you have faith your potential is never buried." ---Joel Osteen
I hope my mama made it to the mil
Who remembers when Diddy called MB "Mindless Entertainment" LOL
#art heals the #heart!
your phone hella dry boy
i think i might just start stalking u lol
SO HOW IS LIFE
My dog LOVES
May 20th program at the National Building Museum. Free, but registration required.
Gotta be the most random thing to happen all year - Just learned some of our footage is being used in Justin Beiber's documentary.
is sitting in the last session of her last class of her undergraduate education…
Line to back of store #costplus. Surrounded by candy while waiting. They do this on purpose!
Love it!
She is #CRAZY & way to egotistical to have gotten this far. I really hope Trump sends her home next week!
live tweeting trying to finally fucking close my #myspace account
Powerful article, my friend. And very, very true.
People should get a life I really need u my bffl always and forever ily!
Ha! Completely agree.
what's good miss...where are you these days?
How come Man Utd home jerseys have changed three years in a row ? And the away top is changed again this year WTF
this is seriously irritating me so much.
yea right!!!
sitting at work on YouTube watching tone trump videos!! This dude right here is the truth i see u homie!!
Are you a girl or a boy ? I'm a girl :) haha
you hungry?
I need new tunes
Gowanus I guess. 3rd & 13th. Are you playing anywhere Thursday?
Are you near the giant Gambian pouched rats? : Parked under a tree, left my window down and now my car is full of spiders.
The Garvanza Park Stormwater BMP Project captures and cleans more than one million gallons of rain and runoff. Water is diverted into...
Try mustard it works two table spoons RT : man I need some Prilosec!
Don't call me crazy, call me driven
Doing well thanks, and you?
haha i was typing too fast. & yessuh. Here Bored As Hell.
yeah it was pretty nice. I think ill go again sometime :)
Town & Country Resort pipes the worst smooth jazz on their patio. They don't want to offend anyone so they offend everyone.
Well hi! and you're welcome. :) It's totally exciting to have a new best friend!<3 i love your videos! Could you PLEASE follow me?
I have to send you something so check your phone in a little
Gameday ... currently on my grind ...
Roger Padacker didn't commit suicide.
Happy Hump Day! What gets you through the day... red bull? Office pranks?
- #Medeco. You just did :)
Haha I love it!
ass so fat , I GAVE A LAP DANCE
congrats on the sale!
I believe you have something that belongs to me.
i agree with you 100 percent
That's a lot of Ritzzz's
Trying desperately to convince my body that the burgeoning cold I'm battling is really just a seasonal allergy situation...
"I am not your baby daddy,"
Milwaukee celebrates Earth Day early, 11 a.m.-1 p.m. Fri. on Market St. adjacent to City Hall. Music, food and "near zero waste."
#FF right back at you!
Habit is a cable; we weave a thread each day, & at last we cannot break it. H. Mann-An executive coach can assist you.
Going to start weeding our CDs today. Other than stats & condition, not sure what guidelines to follow.
Nice day for an evacuation, brief though it was.
Awee good <3 I probably missed it cause my computer was freezing :) I'm so happy he did one
You know a game is over when a teams quarterback lines up at punter
damn! All the twitter, fb, youtube, and myspace in the world can't make up for my lack of actual social interaction...
Kidd-Gilchrist can't score but does everything else and will be a top 3 pick; Rivers can score but nothing else and won't be in lottery.
And now im in need of a huge favor!
The answer to that question is You.
Be nice! “: Very excited for 's blog reviews :)”
Cannes, aye?! Did you submit something?
Heard at #ila2011: leadership is contextual (much more complex than simply situational) and we must adapt our style accordingly. Do u agree?
Watch Dr. Brady on the Dr. Oz Show Tomorrow, 9/12/11!!
congrats buddy!
Stupid money.... : ) Wherever you end up, hope we can hang out a time or two.
Someone should get me sum DQ
Sunday Brunch Wonderful Pear Apple Salad
He look like money
Who do you think UW lands out of Shaq, Payton, Brostek, Mickens, Beaver, and Kenny Walker? A clean sweep would sure improve this class...
Messi hits the post again! Heart is pounding now...
Why do you people exist? Seriously.
Yes, we do! If we can't add them to our collection, we give them to our Friends of the Library groups to raise money for us.
ik, he's sexy.
deans dying
Hahahahaha!...Kevin Hart is so funny!!!
I want to try oysters so badly, but I'm kinda scared. There, I said it.
that's true, thanks! :)
RT : ? OT Day: How will I show my heart in the way I work with/serve/lead the people around me?
Happiness makes the world go round
oh i see now...nasty...
Happy Birthday to the Hot Ginger
yes sir. What is your favorite burger?
just realized this?
Liter Night at The Anchor Bar..
Made a $100 play(+525) on Rashad Evans to beat Jon Jones back in March. I'm Cashing Out 2nite!!!
Should long shorts be acceptable work attire when the temperature is 98 degrees? (for those who work inside) Discuss...please
I need some gear..
Oh, I can have a drink with you.
haha well played! We'll let you guys share our name :)
Tebow wins...again!
prom in two days.. :s
I want to see a debate where optimists take on pessimists with the loser retiring their rhetoric once and for all
whats your username?? (:
Who wants to see Dengue Fever with me this Friday??
Last year he was the biggest story in the biggest sport in the Country. Kind of makes sense. Oh, and he'll be starting by Oct.
Thanks for sponsoring the event tonight for
Without you there is no me.
It's thundering in LA! Yeah!!!
That's interesting my hunch is FB generally feels more "engaging" with photos and longer posts. Plus time on FB trumps TW
Dirk's on career mode haha. and we'll see how Game 1 goes tonight
I'm about to be at st Mathews urb
I understand NC plans on adding a constitutional amendment that will ban coveting thy neighbor's ass.
thanks my dude!!!
Green Bay Packers v.s Eagles game(:<U+2665>. Comment the pics please&i'll return the favor. School in the am&then practice. Text the celluar<U+2665>
That's just an awesome response.
Why am I always being cock blocked in my own dreams?
Ending it with sushi & #eastbound&down season 2
Thank you very much! :)
too much gangsta in my lungs for me to hitta joint
I almost spit out my drink reading this
what's ur bill(s) out here?
that guy could never run this Great Country. Honesty is nice but it doesn't equate to leadership.
Is that a band?
I dont Judge you By What You look Like, But by what You Act Like.......
It would be amazing if the Sox scored 7 runs here and lost 9-8.
Great race rally last night for Komen LA Race for the Cure 2012. We gave away free mammograms! #grateful to be working for a great cause!
RT Happy Teacher Appreciation Day! Thank you for inspiring us & shaping our future. Join us today &
The mets are too hot right now
Hell Yeah lol they got everything
How is it ok for the city to come fix a pipe at 2am with jack hammers and heavy machinery. The pipe broke before 8am...
LOL! I so get that...rescued cat has been through four iphone chargers and a laptop cable...despite trying to hide them!
Cancel 'Community' all you want, NBC, but leave my sweet 'Parks & Rec' and '30 Rock' alone. You...MONSTERS.
WIN A 2011 MERCEDES BENZ BY MAKING A $20 CONTRIBUTION TO "THE WARREN LEE FOUNDATION FOR VETERANS,INC VISIT OUR WEBSITE "WLFoundation.com".
Thanks for the RT, Doug.
I disagree, if you vote with your feet, then YOU're missing the point of what ePatient is
U water a seed to long its going to grow, U stay down and grind strong it's going to show!!!!! # U Deserve It
I missed that.
people b trying to steal pther peopple stuff tho
Your profile states you are an Obama Supporter. Hard to tell from some of your tweets. Have a good day.
Thank you for the RT, doll! We need all the help we can get to make this super fun! Do join! :)
Am I the only one sporting Valentines Day colors today?
Morgan: Students have always been free range learners. Are there different types of free rangers?
We will b serving 2morrow @ the event in Elmington Park,West End fm 11a-6p. 6 meat entrees,10 sides and Delicious desserts!!
RT : So if I'm interpreting Fantino's speech correctly, these have become Schrodinger's fighter jets.
yeah I get it. I don't know that guy, thankfully! I'm so pissed off right now.
watching Chicken Little because I'm lame& I love that movie(;
The wind just blows their garbage in my hedgerow! Not even a single dollar bill!
I will go with the longshot that Cody Ross will produce in '12. He's a positive clubhouse influence with big Postseason numbers. Period.
living on the edge haha
Report of a roll over 43 EB somewhere east of Loomis
Turkey Leg Ball 2011 tickets on sale at 11am. Live link coming shortly.
I don't think the vendor saw it that way. :)
Working on the new timeline page for facebook!!!
I love the sun. The bees and other bugs can go fuck themselves.
Kits are only $100? Must make friends in this craft.
HATE is a strong word!
You can tell it's #audition season when you start recognizing the flight attendants en route to NYC.
missing & today. haven't kicked in so long!
Phones and computers down at work. #whyamistillhere?
Glad you like the pics :)
I had a reason tho..i dont like the rain..why arent u coming.?
The newlyweds walked up the aisle to Queen's "Fat Bottomed Girls." #bestweddingever?
I think it's all worth it. New dance experiences make us stronger, better dancers :-)
Order sent to Craig in NY!
Killin my boy Keaton with this Chest & Back superset.
is annoyed. What's a better word for annoyed?
GUYS! GO FOLLOW & READ HER ZYAN FANFIC/LONG #IMAGINEE! TRUST ME ,YOU WONT REGRET IT ! GO!(:
roll with it Shawn!
Big second half performance needed in the #carrierdome Time to make a statement!
bees on honey hm
Fina knock out these abs n push ups
at least 20. I just want people to know I enjoy their tweets!
Learned some new upscale hotel terms that I'd missed: it's not conditioner and lotion, it's "hair masque" and "body balm". Off to breakfast.
Simple, just Donate Blood, at a blood bank.
get back to work and win game sunday vs celtics beat them i dont like them
that's good. I still don't have a job, but I have like a full schedule. Lol
why so early? Lol
I'll take it!
i am trying to loose weight and my dads cooking does not help.......he is an awesome cook.....he made alot of food today
many thanks. Glad you enjoyed the show :)
All winners learn from the stock pile of loss they traveled on,what a trip!
Was it cold? Ryan looks a wee bit nippy.
The Dorito caveat was purposeful.
I have 1 tomato growing in my garden
That's not what u wrote, but ok. I don't like it when any person speaks that way abt women. Brings us all down.
Vance, it is a huge undertaking
: Excellent news! #Fulbright will soon be taking Google+ by storm. Now if only I could get an account.
Tiger Woods. Comeback and a run for the championship. Watch it happen.
I found Clay. I'd rather not say where, but I offer my most sincere apologies to the Sisters of Our Lady of Hope and Mercy - Trog
Can somebody mention me in thier tweet? I have one more follower until my goal. Its
we are good. Just counting down the weeks until he gets here. Im ready to have control of my body back
Raining rather steadily right here right now.
Come what may, the will of the people will prevail in Egypt!
I don't know, man. You've been pissing me the fuck off lately.
"Never complain and never explain." -Benjamin Disraeli
is getting deep with his tweets. (:
procrastination is killing me
and I can always appreciate ppl like that :)
Hey Mary! We think your clients would love our Audio Video installation company. It's an easy way to transition their new move
Saw Chick/Herbie last nite @ Blue Note. 2 wonderful men - a lot of interesting music. They should record.
I'm so happy that God truly forgets our sins and let us start over.
“Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.”—Albert Einstein
Seniors playing "penis" game in library... Bringing major lulz
~~ My l9-5 aw job, then printing with my newest linocut tonight!
Great advice by Mr , wouldn't want to get into trouble by forgetting V-Day! Guys show the women in your life that you love them.
hi austin<3 how are ya?
Congrats to colleague on her MS in lib & info sci on Sunday. She also earned the Rediger Librarian as Humanist Award.
man, i loved that guy
yo my guy.. Let's do a track soon.. Let jersey know what's really good. Get at me tho
I think and the whole crew should record a cool morning 3 tonight!;D that would be amazingg<33
it actually isn't a good song at all.
DC, are we gonna get serious about a Justice League trilogy and subsequent tie ins? I would hope Marvel's billion bone pay off raised brows.
We live in an "add water" society. Meaning everyone expects everything instant, Including success. Gotta put in work! Via
nike air yeezy 2 Mid-range LA Suites Hints for discovery exciting ...
RT My Last Tweet...
I'm afraid to look at any picture in a tweet that mentions #Santorum. You know, because it might be #Santorum or worse
How was dinner last night? Hope you enjoyed!
Sheer backs and burnt orange at Lela Rose
Going to go checkout the construction progress pictures to follow!!!
done with exams.. summer it is!
suddenly a horrible day just got so much better...HOT HOT HOT baby!!!
Congratulations on your win today! Good to see you smiling again.
I still feel bad about a dog I ran over years ago, even though he had already been hit and killed by someone else. :-/
I trust that whom ever is saddled with the burden of making sure im casket fresh will choose a pair that suits my whole lil ya dig.
695, I am over your 8:30 traffic back ups. So looking forward to living on the other side of this beltway
i dont use this one anymore, follow my new one i do use,
Get a FREE copy of #WatchMKE with any purchase at J - Bees in Mid Town while supplies last!
Oh God, I love Bridget Jones Diary way too much!
I know the Ravens are wearing black Sunday, but I'm staying with purple because basic black is just screaming for accessories.
Many times, stress is caused by doing too much. Prioritize tasks & drop ones you can't handle. Try our aroma diffusers to reduce stress.
And coming soon... #describeyourvaginawithamovie :)
Hallelujah, my history 495 term paper isn't due until next week! Glad I found that out...
Beanie should be good to go this week
happy birthday.
Bravo RCB for this afternoon's concert at Baldwin High School today. Awesome performance from Darth Vader!
look at latest testimonial-"Love the Aged Parmesan Crisps.Such a strong and addicting flavor. I feel healthy knowing there is no sugar too!"
Agonizing lack of work to do today. Morning is dragging. Feeling need to shop.
The Sherman Oaks Farmers Market begins in one hour! :) Please join us until 8 pm tonight!
It 11:11 make a wish, make a wish and say..... <3
RT : do you have cousins?
Maybe our motto shld be #TrueFoodAndTunes... RT Great food & drinks, but playlist stole the show
AND YES...YOU CAN SHOW THE LOVE A RT THE FREE OPEN BAR FOR THE LADIES
#bucks #badgers #kenseth all Win!! Glory dayz!
Boobs on facebook.
Eat like any radish... it's sweeter. Or put in salad. Yummy!
Moths are just ugly butterflies that no one likes.
No, hes skipping me .. He prolly look at his fone see my tweet looks at it and keep scrollin lol
Navy F 16 fighter jet goes down near Virginia Beach
Awesome! Sounds like a plan. :)
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you're watching #TheWeddingPlanner with your mom and the statue's penis falls off...
what u mean?
thanks for the follow!!
i fucking love
thanks! For a good chuckle you should see me nekkid!
will you also be voicing an alternative revenue source?
Thanks Janet! I may have found the best headache remedy around :)
enjoy! It's awesome
Our dear friend #LoriMarkowitz of Youth Ambassadors takes the stage to receive #JackOlive Award #CompSea12 Luncheon
followed can you follow me back:D
A new phenomenon of the "princess" among young women is a diluted form of the diva.
Bass, drums...sounding good! Up next some rockin guitar!
DON'T FORGET! Half price appetizers 2p - 5p! Bucket of 5 domestic longnecks for $11 all day. Dine in or call for take out. (317) 636-6212 RT
why does it cost $250 to go standby on an earlier flight when there are open seats. I've done it before and didn't pay?
1 week til one of the best And worst days! Ugh this Christmas is going to be so hard!! :/
Daily Giveaway: Send a tweet using #RawnatureBodyTreats for a chance to win an 8 oz jar of my new Buttercream Body Wash. Good luck!
Madama Butterfly will hopefully learn some independence as she grows up.
None of the customers in this Avis are speaking English. Its kind of weird.
#ItSeemsLike Yesterday I Was Chillin In My Kitten pj's Watching Blues Clues,Enoying My Life As A 4 Year Old
Oh, sorry. 55405 (Mpls). But there's a drunk guy screaming here too.
it would be even better if you texted me back !
Who is going? I must know.
Rainy Wednesday? How about our $4.99 lunch special. Soup, salad with our Fuji dressing & chicken fried rice.
Please help Jasmin Alvarez dream come true :')
Everytime a psycho soccer parent yells "THAT WAS FROM BEHIND" i have to whisper that's what she said.
i have 35. expecting more soon :)
Excellent point. Most excellent.
idk my mom got an email about it from it from my agent and told me. I'll ask her when she gets home.
Oh, fuck. That's not a long-term social strategy. I'll end up hating you, even though I love you, and now drinking your beer.
i love you... your sexiness in Dora dora has blown my away...i can't even explain...i just... MARRY ME!!
what's good bro? We just building building.
I hate when a guy you like and they know you like them, starts talking about a different girl.. it pisses me off..
yet I can't turn the fricken' channel.
Preparing to hear Christopher Browning this morning speak on his recent book, "Remembering Survival" at the The JFR advanced seminar.
I am a very happy Jets fan today.
lol I'm at fashion show. Gonna leave soon. Hmu .
they want that government money !
In the end, its all respect .
You must first go THRU the test in order to have a TESTimony!!!
same way 'thugs' with their underwear hanging out, pants to their knees with a belt and hat on sideways don't realize it eaither
Gas Tank on Empty.
Made mistake of great 1st #valentinesday.... Haven't lived up to it since.
okeey gimme all zee face :B
Showcase coming up? Fill those seats! www.LCroninMarketing.com
I LUV DALLAS!
Never before has plumbing been sexy...haha
How much did we love the thunderstorms last night! I woke up & thought I saw Noah & the arc outside my window... Happiness is summer storms!
Beautiful day finally!
Guess I should you tube it then so I can help you reach your goal.
Larry Sanders suspended for two games. This whole thing has been absolutely hilarious.
I have so many ideas for my personal blog. I'm just...so...ti....z z z
are you drunk?
Besides DjangoCon Europe, are there any Django or Python meetups happening in Europe in June? We want to attend!
of course :)
I don't know who is stupider, Rondo or Amare
Check out our Tiki bar at the Ramada across the street, $3 beers all the time.
no worries.
nice but hate tattoo's.
I can always count on him to turn my frown upside down!
Show number two starts at 9:30. You're on your way right!!!
Either I've been getting out more or people stopped making fun of it but Im seeing a serious resurgence of pajama pants being worn in public
+1 brilliance RT : You know what, is absolutely right. You could use Latin names for fish. Barbus everetti, for example.
Today and i wore the same shirt
I just called Palomar and they said that the game broke 20 min. ago. Oh well...
You have to acknowledge the fact that it can be confused with a real place, considering it only says closed in plain text.
Good evening, Ms. Barbara. Oh, I do like #TieMeUpTuesday, baby. Have a good day?
Great to see you last night! I saved two of your cookies for breakfast :-) And yay on 14 scholarships given out!
Our customers can't stop talking about it... our Rosemary Balsamic Pork Chop will not disappoint! Come try this fresh & #delicious favorite.
Played golf w your boy R Ervins a week ago in NoVA. Down there talking about a replacement for the QBR...coming soon!
One down, four to go...
it gone stay strong to sis
This is not what it is only baby scars.
That annoying moment with your unseasoned, baked tilapia for breakfast actually tastes good! ha
You know it sucks when you want someone to gut punch you just so you can shit.
Good Morning ! I Hope You All Have A Wonderful Wednesday <3
In An Education, Sarsgaard slithers into a young girl's life, but seduction is sidetracked when her authentic heart melts his lame charade.
One-third of Bournemouth hotels face risk of failure in next year - Bournemouth Echo
New 2010 YZ450F is here!!! Come in and check it out!!! Now taking deposits for future units!
It was great to meet many of the #lpco12 tweeters this wknd. Thanks for adding an extra layer of engagement to the AGM!
he had hunting magazine and seemed to be staring at me the whole flight
My girl gettin her hair dyed back blk
ALRIGHT YOU TEETH YOU SONS OF BITCHES. YOU SEE NOW WHAT I'M CAPABLE OF. SHAPE UP OR I'LL LET THE DENTIST CARVE THE WHOLE LOT OF YA.
What you need? I got, what you need
Make the time change work for you and reset your sleep schedule. You'll feel more tired than normal.. use that inertia for change.
watching the video makes me want to go and break a world record...or break an actual record...or both.
RT : #YouKnowYouSoft if you're friends with
Bummer! RT could have rolled and stayed with me homie!!!! Dang it
Thx for the follow. Just learned about from your colleague. Interesting to see the expansion of the community dept & work.
For dinner/starters: WATERMELON AND GOAT CHEESE SALAD, rum-mint-vanilla vinaigrette, macadamia nuts
just had my first hot shower in Louisville, that took far too long.
In some way, shape, or form, you will always get what you deserve.
good bc there's some maniac drivers out there! Watching UC vs OSU tonight?!!!! I'm so excited for this game and torn!
Girls without a flat tummy shouldn't wear short shirts
especially when they listen to the song a thousand miles away
8months clean, she changed his life...Tomorrow (7:30am) he'll propose to her live on Spezzano and Sandy! We'll help him make this BIG
Are you attending SSATB?
We Love Selena is trending worldwide awesome :)
How many of you have good ideas about how all of the major problems of Earth could be solved/eliminated? Do you want to be a President?
Right now. I'm dealin' tix right on the bus ride back! But seriously...Monday morning.
I Only Smoke Blunts If They're Rolled Proper
Is it baseball season yet?
Marginal worship. Redmond Wa. Good Friday not Palm Sunday. Reason. Borg Study, never again mentioned. Read Scripture 3 times to us. D minus
It's Thursday, which they might as well rename "Group Run Day." Come run with us tonight from Phidippides - Ansley Mall at 6:30pm.
Just tuned into Coachella youtube stream, but already a big question: Why is Thom Yorke's ponytail not trending?
Who..is UR best singer ? Plz answer me quickly <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
let's do it. Maybe we could whip up a home cooked meal.
EllenNaylor: Had a great time at #sla2010 and very impressed with those I met, especially in the CI division and #AIIP attendees! #CI ...
aw man! Next time I will check with you!
Anuery sure isn't fooling anyone so far but no damage.
ironic but expected, no?
Working with showing there new fall line today through Thursday.
We had a blast last night at #MamasDay2012 Thank you to everyone for making this event a huge success!
I'm a virgin during the day,so u tell me..lol
Whoa! MARTA bus hit by bullets in SW #ATL. HUGE hole in the window. Cops won't let me get close enough to get a good pic, but I can zoom!
Gordon: Emerson compares reading a book in original lang (when translation exists) to swimming across the Charles to get to Boston.
good look for the love
Night and God bless!! :)
Was the Kraftwerk book any good? What's the name of it?
Where's my BD... its about that time
RT Ha !: Note to self: Dead grandparent stories bring out Ben's STFU face.
Never been to a literature-and-videogames thesis defense that didn't mention Final Fantasy at one point.
We're wishing a heartfelt farewell to our summer intern today!
good trip
Absolutely not. You lost not only the Internet with that tweet, but everything.
": Texas isn't just country. It's God's country."
RT There is a mouse running around on the floor of the ballroom! #ala11 No doubt an escapee from Amos McGee's universe
I don't be showing sympathy to my fake friends
noo cause the servers will be back up in like...45 minutes.....and if i sleep now its a wrap for awhile cuz lol
I really did.
Another random fact: I played Hollywood's famous Magic Castle nightclub in the 1970's.
in the lab with and readie cookin up a banger. see yall on espn.
also, thank you. :)
remember those who were lost in 9/11. Moms, dads, aunts, uncles, kids. Pray for their families and loved ones.
Of course they exist, but they're pricey. hahaha
God's Promises given to His children, providing them with the ability to walk faithfully and victoriously.
yes! I'll DM you to plan
OMG... Erin actually forgot how to ride a bike. Is that even possible?
Relay for life was a blast! After the set we met a lot incredible people and heard their incredible stories!
Love the beat to 's "Stay Down", keep up the good work!
#100thingsilove , i miss this girl so much
wtf, either my twitter was hacked or a roommate posted as me when i was away from my comp!
DPLA will send out survey to look for collaborative digitization projects to be content nodes. Look for it soon!
.: Traditional research questions can be answered using newer methodologies.
Instruction does much, but encouragement does everything. -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Congrats to Robin Haywood of Columbus in. for winning passes to Holiday World and Splashin Safari. your next chance to win coming up after 1
People are anxious for spring in Chicago! A couple just flew by in a convertable at 8am!
I have a freaking timeline<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Where you goin?......wherever the hoes at..
Now if I could only get to follow me, I'll be as happy as a clam!
I have 42 posters of hanging up in my room..... No big deal :)
haha I saw are video
Finish another page of my script at 5:59 am.
And as the Imitation of Christ attests : 'The Cross is everywhere; drop the one confided to you by God, and you'll surely have a heavier 1.'
Sneaky dog likes to jump into the bed in the morning and get under the blankets.
UW women's hockey junior forward Brianna Decker () has been named one of the three finalists for the 2012 Patty Kazmaier Award.
Go Lions!!
Considering a blog on why my book sells and yours doesn't.
resolved: eat migas.
So glad you like the capris!!! Great review-thank you!!!
yeah well i dunno who they from lol
... Both dropping June 5th...
Hi!! I just emailed that address you sent me. I can't DM you unless you're following me... :-D ~Cat
Thank you SO much for passing on the info about our design competition!
Somebody gonna die
2more weeks and we're out of school
But no doubt that we are definitely not #winning here in Wisconsin...other than our baseball and football teams
ladies, ladies , ladies. You got VIP hook up stature !!
its good for going to Cuba
BEEN SO BUSY WRITING THE BOOK HAVEN'T HAD TIME TO UPDATE THE BLOG. UGH. TOMORROW I WILL THOUGH. OR FRIDAY?! MAYBE SATURDAY. HELL SON. LOL
That's the BEST yogurt!! RT : Love the Champions for kids..oh and my kids love it too :)
by free you mean $115/mo with U-Verse, ATT can screw themselves.
I like it today only LOL
The show tonight was fun but it would have been better if was there.
That's usually a sign there's a Ke$ha approaching. Run. RT I'm feeling glitter approaching....
Fruit bowl was gone until Saturday for some reason. Had some maple syrup brew too which was also gone.
#FF Coaches make sure you're following these guys!
NYC terror plotter: 'I hope for a second chance' He admits he wanted to slaughter innocents on the subway to send a twisted message from
yes-will post link when available. Sound in that rotunda was incredible. RT : Any video of that?
is anyone else boggled by the fact that tomorrow is the last day of november? #wheredid2011go??
i'm so excited!!! I have all the songs on my phone, now i'm waiting for this one!!
haha AT LEAST!!
for my mom it isnt
no I was
You've got that right! RT Guys, If u really want to excite a woman, take a clothed picture of yourself cooking dinner!
S/O to NF
Nope that was not a TD
Good afternoon :)
Can't stand these little pity games. #fucking annoyed.
i love justin and belieb in him support him from day 1 till the end if u belieb in justin follow me and help make me a Justin (: !!
wanna see a bunch of grown men cry? Check out the forums haha
FLOW ME PLEES!
Ejecting rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
Lucky dog! (On both counts.)
His charity does not show any particular character trait that would make him a leader. He does not seem to see it so.
chillin at the crib.
Maybe the movie choices were bad, but 2 hrs of watching films about emotional/physical issues on Fri - not good.
Here's to hoping I sleep tonight. 3 hours a day for 4 days in a row now and I'm going mental!
is it cold up there shorty
Hahah :P can't wait to see Julie! let's hope someone tweets a picture ;)
cool, I just learned the part time model song. I'll start on the tape of love song shortly..
yeah blow me no invites
Feeling really good today!
Have fun
Tonight is the "Rebirth of a Queen." )
I wanna be rich, so I can wake up late, walk around my mansion naked and scratch my ass all day.
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!
look at those numbers. stud for a few years. 2003=amazing. Easy to forget how good he was playing under the shadow of
Son: Why do barbers become good drivers shortly? Father replied in short: Because they know all the short cuts..
yeah I heard like no one is going :P haha
What ever happened to willa ford?
haha creeper! How are you doing?!
I haven't been to sephora or justice yet :(
Good Morning World! Still trying to get used to
it's also from 3yrs ago...
Back to #Meisner class tonight
is this an example of the wry Canadian sense of humor we hear so much about in the USA?
Positive attitude .......positive attitude
THANK YOU NORTHWESTERN MUTUAL FOR YOUR CONTINUED SUPPORT AND ENGAGEMENT WITH OUR CHAPTER! WE SALUTE YOUR VISION AND DEDICATION TO DIVERSITY!
super size.
unfollowed me. . oh well! i still love him n his music no matter what
definitely a #bigday you're growing up…I'm so proud
It's so funny how Ryan grabs his ears when he gets nervous hahah
Lets go METS
i dnt got to take out a loan!!
... You could try a meal planning service like
Free day for everyone today. Catch up and rest or more exploration? Big day tomorrow, with a group drive to Naples and Pompeii.
Up about to get it I need to drop this *Website*
We have 2 new salads for Spring: Garden Ranch and Carrot Ginger.
The best is yet to come <3 so excited for what you have next !
arguing with airline personnel is pointless.
We've now surpassed the 100 follower mark!!! TY to our #awesomefollowers for getting us past this milestone. CU at #sdp2p!
thought "my idiot brother" with Paul Rudd was very good. The title of the movie made me think it would be another dumb movie, yet it wasn't
I've been reminded this past week in BIG ways, that my daughters may well be my biggest fans. Could I ask for me??
Pretty sure I'm not running, actually. Little knee weirdness interrupted my training for too long.
figures! SF seems to think that way a lot and then fails to follow through. This town could use bigger everything!
Have you had your annual physical this year? Is it time to check your health?
Marjane Satrapi: conservative culture rejects pleasure: w When I say I love to smoke, eat & have sex, I hear cancer, cholesterol & AIDS
Many of our partner non profits will be participating in day starting at midnight. We hope you all raise lots and lots of money!!
let me know when you're working again! I want to check it out <U+263A>
Throw the first punch, Seize the opportunity. Don't stop swinging, Don't give up. Don't compromise or abandon. #SunStandStill Faith
happy Easter <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0>
taking a nap Z ..
#bigL is dope
Yoga class then work... Same shit different day
want to change my hair what do u think of a faux hawk
On what basis? Euro debt is out of control.
the event was amazing
that is so cool! can you email us a copy? we can DM you an e-mail address
I get sucked into Law and Order: SVU every time.
Bitches Tryna Shoot Me With Potatoes..!
Getting very tired and heading to bed. Hope you had a good evening. Good night, Anita. :)
Wishing my friend a Very Happy Birthday! Enjoy lots of tasty treats! And pictures of Thor.
Stephen Jackson should change his name to Stephen World Peace
I'm good. Weird that u found my number? Lol I don't do twitter too lol hope all is good with u! Xoxo
I hope everyone had a wonderful Christmas with their friends and family. Looking forward to the New Year.
I want to go to the car show!
The previews for Brave look so freaking awesome. I love kick-ass heroines.
Breaking news... with April Fool's Day up on us, we are not joking when we say The Edge's first residents are moving in this April!
It's warmer in Anchorage Alaska then it is in Vegas right now
Chilly night for the #RVA. Lows dipping into the upper 20's. Abundant sunshine will be the headline tomorrow as we will see a high of 63!!
Delaware voters must have overwhelmingly voted for Romney thinking it was "Rodney"
Need to catch those <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
…and what we *do* with that information!
Thanks for the #FF!
Don't let your ears witness what your eyes didn't see!
Oops never saw bow“: More grossgrain trims and details, just showed up nicely in that bow.”
Thanks for the mention! Loved your set - hope to see you back in Pittsburgh
was great- thanks! The show is seriously so good... Dvr it! Airs 8:15pm tmrw on channel 10.
just cleaned my whole room at my house
moving in a couple days. not far away, just into a new home. y'al wanna see it?
First correct reply wins #Colts prize package. What were the team colors of the Colts in 1947?
Come meet the newest member of the Sugar Shack family, She'll be working until 2pm today!
I worked on designing the 787 in 2004, back when it was called the 7E7 Dreamliner. Can't wait to actually fly in one :)
Asked my mom if she'd still love me if i couldnt play softball, her response, "what kind of question is that??...of course not."
k bye
just know all the worksheets, that's all I know... You'll still do better than me..
Wow!! Thank you for following and for such an awesome magazine. We need to adopt a greener way of living in the world today.
Me neither. That would be useless, he is the show.
REMEMBER BACK WHEN AUSTIN WOULD DM BACK AND FOURTH WITH MAHOMIES. I JUST WISH I COULD'VE TOLD HIM WHAT I WANTED TO NOW . </3
thank you, I appreciate it!
#LTBroadcasts "King Alfonso has signed his name to a document which brings to an end the old and historic Spanish monarchy" (4/14/31)
So interesting watching so many wannabes jump on the big data band wagon. I said that before. But so many bags of hot air out there.
That dang Groundhog. This is all his fault!
The most haunted pub in England??The roast beef was tough!
It's Thursday Night--start the weekend early by stopping in after work for Happy Hour until 7PM--$1 off all Pints & $2 off rail drinks!!
Thanks for the follow Raymond Mendenilla (RayMendenilla)! :)
Faith tripped over a box!xD
Love this! I was a terrible bitter and still have to stop myself from picking my cuticles. It;s a hard habit to break
They are lectures. With lect on video, you can reserve classtime for PBL, and kids control viewing.
Writing all day today. Consuming coffee. Back to editing tomorrow.
Glad to see #Gaddafi go but I hope Libya's not left with something worse
: Unfortunately, you can't search by negative on Yelp... though you can sort any biz reviews by rating, if that helps...
All our dreams can come true – if we have the courage to pursue them.
yes they do. That is only an hour from us! Enjoy your flight back!
nigga back in, had a busy mourning
Oh well I'm a fucking idiot:(
How I can I be a secret shopper for ?
: hello Leah, I sent you a e-mail.
Omg just saw note about a date night! For sure and p.s. so far ball and chain is rocking! :)
get on it playa.
Hi Dain! #IUPUI IS ready to rock
out of? ha!
oh. It'll be okay!
uh mad my phone got turned off ):
yea I'm takin recruitin trips to 3 dif Jucos in CA I feel like that's the right route to go. Gods got a plan, I'm followin it
RT : Huge thanks to Sage for a fab door prize
awesome. I love big churches--but when I was at ASC I was looking for something smaller--& was sort of avoiding church in general
Higher education goes lowbrow with their naming - Coursera and edX.
but our ideas were so good!
Was it a perfect day in Houston, or what? Hope you all had a chance to enjoy the outdoors, some green space, and our gardens.
What makes you say that?
You know it!
yo you were beautiful last night, as always!
Great question: is IB an ideological commodity?
T Dubbs presents the Prize for Analysis and Opinion to of the Atlantic.
I wanna dog do bad!! Get me one!!
you're so welcome!
another great panel! #sdsms next one: Social media case studies: What worked, What didn't
oh but so close!
Thanks Dan RT : Follow these #IMAcfl Service Providers
don't worry about missing that trip... You'll definitely be better by Friday, I believe in you
thank you!!
I guess I accidentally "unfollowed" you guys at some point today, and I feel super-guilty now. All fixed. :(
On the other hand, while my parents rarely bought toys, my father would buy me as many books as I wanted when he took me to a bookstore.
Better than revenge (8)
I have "Mystery of the Old Thorton House" Nancy Drew fan fic I wrote n illustrd in 4th grd. Vry spooky mossy house!
Follow !! Exciting Stuff!
Thanks for attending!
Links are up at www.watchnhllive.com to watch tonights hockey game live and free register and enjoy thanks.
Tweet me questions, and I'll answer. :)
LOVE lilacs. So sad they have a short season. I just bought a candle so it can last longer.
Just tapped American's Breakaway IPA.
Could make all the differnce in the world! :)
thanks for pitching inTuition Ventures today at #outrageousbiz! Great job!
It's Derby weekend! Anyone have any special plans?
Yeah next thing you know they're gonna have all your tweets printed out, damn spies -_-
Accidently sent that tweet from the wrong name the first time! Whoops!
I'd really like to see a sequel to 'Rushmore.'
Epic e-mail marketing ideology showdown: v. #PzS12 IT'S ON!!
and what makes a changeup work?
Aw RIP Davy Jones of The Monkees #First crush # Daydream Believer
duh, butler and uk.
I'll cut to the chase, www.thekeyplayerz.com, go to the media page and have a listen. (Here's 1 out of 100's of millions.)
Good burritos can taste excellent. I was not stoned while writing this.
Cant tell where my head is ritee noww?
Hi , have any cool, new lights in your store? Share them with us!
Perfumes are very ancient; they may claim an antiquity almost as great as that of the fragrant flowers they imitate. (1855)
Just received the podcast of our KVTA interview with Lyn Fairly. Aired Xmas eve with and It should be posted soon.
I cough in front of smokers to make them feel guilty for polluting my air.
One of my fav. Chinese restaurants, Taste of Szechuan, on University in Hillcrest, is closed for good. My family will miss it.
Ima have ta beat that ahh!
I lurve Well Fed and I too an totally excited about the app. Such a good idea.
Can't say I disagree with anything you said. Indeed Those are goals
Can't believe the tv show dallas is coming back
in class starving can't wait for this class to be over. Last Class of the week
I’ll admit it. Every once in awhile I read a book that has a plot.
have you seen ghost of lovers past still living just not with you Iseepure hope in eyes that have seen only hate I see mylipskissyoursfate!
Show me how you feel so I know it's real.
you are.
A little skinny old black man dressed as Superman just ran by the windows of Thursdays on Broadway never fail me.
so many people on twitter think the Bruins play tonight. so many people on Twitter are going to be very disappointed in an hour.
With you on work/life balance! But rhythm - allowing some days 2 B totally out of balance one way or the other - seems attainable.
Beauty day in nola dukes on natchez dinner cruise tonigjt then fremcen st @ mojitos jam
follow me please !:)
I am supposed to be doing homework but I'm on twitter......It can wait!!
#Happy4thOfJuly to everyone! Have a wonderful day and be safe!
Thanks for the shout out. Keep checking back for more #healthytips and great recipes in our Tasty Tidbits section.
excellent... how'd it go?
On a totally diff note: woke up with "She's an Easy Lover" on repeat in my head. WTF? It had to have been a decade since I last heard it.
Ok, got the wine flowing...3 hours till IDOL...
Ms. Hapton snapped <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Next year I'm not going to have such a liberal policy when it comes to letting violets live just because they make pretty purple flowers.
Why am I such a cry baby? My GOD! Haha
Agree. If you have a complaint register that privately. Don't show the world you have no manners.
Oh brother
Online MBA courses are highly specialized and geared toward career training.
#When u go to DC by the they have a #Strip right in front of the Commitee Building. #HOOKER LANE.
I dont wanna wait til 6 to go to the high school .
If you ignore me, I will ignore you. If you don’t start the conversation, we won’t talk. If you don’t put in the effort, why should I?..
i love u too and when i get back u have to give me a really big hug again!!!
Deep thought: does Congress serve any purpose now except selling out The People to Corporations? If so, why don't we just abolish it?
Thanks for the RT!
My Auntie talkin bout some she gone blow me head off for my bday...that's real! Lmao
Hey, he deserves family time.....RT its kinda lame that obama is spending memorial day in chicago instead of arlington ntnl cem
In Miami Latin America cabinet meeting. Great leaders from the Latin revival. Looking forward to day of input and blessing!
We are headed to the studio today!
A lot of new jobs daily. All across US. www.joborworker.com
he told our class we had too. What period do you have it
Colored tights look ridiculous.
Damn, I'm listening to the cd inside the bags they gave us at project grad. I ain't gon lie, it's makin me sad.
"You can't always get what you want...but if you try sometimes, you just might find, you get what you need."
u up late
Now your just somebody that i used to know.
We are officially entered at , , , and Who gets to be the lucky world premiere????
I love being me even when I'm feeling down
"We've got to get beyond what we do!" Ross Todd; "Don't focus on the inputs; talk about the outcomes."
Hard to come up with good tweets #whattodo?
i want to be the girl you fall for, when everyone else is falling for you.
Thanks for the #follow Happy to
Yes! RT a shame that so many choirs could be pretty good if only the concept of unifying vowels didn't completely elude them.
stay tuned for more and congrats to the Spring 2012 Museum Studies class for a job well done!
thanks for the amazing & fast Social Media Presentation for Credit Unions, great followup to
I think I'm wearing black. But seriously you'll notice my hair. And maybe my grey boots?
We ran almost 3 thousand miles this week. We'll have a pretty good payday but man are we beat. I'll be in our bed tomorrow night. Thank God!
Getting too busy to finish reading my book. Argghh. Weekend's here.
I Want to check out that GRANT PARKS - A Tribute to BIG L
IM LOOKING FOR RIDER
i freakin hate hiccups!
Not going on ebay for the rest of the month. Wish me luck o.O
is cool oh how was it
PMP and ITIL test coming up I must study today. Go get coffee now.
it's like extreme home makeover for a street/block! Come join us tonight to check out what we've done!
I love grand rapids I got family there and I'm prolly goin summer time
Early this morning at church :-)
Free Victory Brewing Co. tasting tomorrow (FRIDAY) 3-6pm!
The state of Michigan and Wisconsin gone hold the big ten down
I really don't know any suggestions?
I'm stuck watching a stupid teen drama about mermaids cause I lost the remote :|
Dang, I was knocked out!!
“: You can never go wrong if you conduct yourself w/honesty,class,&always w/the right intent. It'll pay off!”
follow me ryan i love u ur amazing i wish i could meet u
As much fun/hectic as this week (ie last 4 months ) has been, can't wait to have time to cook again.
Track: Wilsonville senior Sydney Eaton's high jump mark of 5 feet, 8 inches Saturday at Rotary Invitational put her No. 1 in Class 5A.
Not always "flaws"; Jazz musicians call someone a Monster who can play multiple instruments amazingly well.
But....what if it was? O.o
Image uploader not working for me. Would be nice to have an alternative (Basic) way to upload :)
my brother 's 6 yo always calls him and his wife by their first names. And often gives all of us such lessons.
fitting. Until...
muster the strength to tell your smoking friend that Ice Cube is playing the three-breasted alien in the new Total Recall
bet ! *starts moving shit *
Comedy is more often than not for ourselves. Anyone who tells you different is delusional.
Really cool, Xcode integration would be awesome! Few months and few improvements and they'll get a $1B from Apple to buy it!
Comedy? supports !
But I get your point, his defense is vulnerable so you put him in back. I keep him in front without compromising his D
get out! Run
Playing this Fri @ the Barking Spider in Cleveland and Sat @ Pete's Tavern. Come check it out!
oh yeah, #Seattle Sonics, looks good on u. Put on the real jersey. it's not his place to judge u. He talks about Karma!
The Worst Online Marketing Frauds Uncovered - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
You're the one who splashed her!
When I try to sing Worldwide Choppers, it's ridiculous.
My new address is 804 Webster St. At the corner of Webster and Stop by and see me!
Anybody use google apps for education? I assume your district has to sign up otherwise u can only use them piecemeal. Thoughts?
Nigga what are you doing
THE BOYZ ARE BACK. So proud of my babies <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
hey! thanks for the follow! you rock. make sure to "like" us on facebook!! new song "stage 5" was just posted!
: remember you were one once! Also don't overlook the probability that you will have one.
Just seeing the first pics of your new boy now. Handsome little fella. Congrats to all 3 of you!
AWESOME WIN FOR BIG BLUE! Great way to end this amazing weekend!
Happy to keep you connected!! Have a great trip!
Midwest... Xfactor, calicoe, verb, ill, Hitman, and bigT. Are you serious fam? And not to mention the up and comers. We straight.
LMAO!!! I will never be able to look at this picture without laughing now!
I think there were roughly the same number of voters who sat out on each side. And I fundamentally disagree re: his platform
Good challenge
Can't see #supermoon in #Chicago :(
Ten o clock rolls around, and all the weird Mexican movies start on Cine Latino.
No prob. I trust you'll start your own YES! YES! YES! chant there.
I need to chill, hah im losing mah cool lol
what happened to Vegas?
Hi Neira!!! Hope all is well. I have missed you on FB....where did you go? We should catch up soon.
what #dmx song?
My bf says only poor people but lottery tickets. I say DUH' to that. Silly man.
Great stuff, If you ever need some design work, feel free to get in touch with me.
ON MY WAY TO CHURCH EVERYONE HAS A LIFE AND WAT U DO WIT IT ITS UP TO U UNTIL LATER XOXO
I wonder if ppl from the country think our water towers are sky scrapers?
I feel fine just exhausted. I had a day from hell! But thanks hun!
Tolerance. Understanding. Courage. What can the DHM teach you?
Any songs your purchase for your MAC products WILL work on the PC version coming in the next month.
#ThingsIGottaTeachMySon To not give a fuck
Whatcha been up to since Beetlejuice?
no lie. if i am going to eat meat, i have to 1) know exactly where it came from and/or 2) harvest the meat myself.
ATTN: George Wilborne will be performing @ The Historic Lincoln Theatre (1215 U St. NW Wash., DC) NOT the Lincoln Center! -DMB <U+263A>
Page not found, but I enjoyed playing with the water thingy.
let the sexuals begin!
I hate freaking fony ppl!!!!!!! First they wanna be just like u, then they dont wanna talk to u at all thinking they big and bad.!
Why isn't that an email?!
He's goin off, this is classic!
I'm flattered. Love your book.
By the end of my dissertation I expect to be able to read Arabic through Unicode code points. \u0645\u0635\u0631
Go to the Home and Garden Market in Ft Worth THIS weekend @ the Ft Worth Convention Center!!! Check us out at www.TheHomeandGardenMarket.com
Thanks for the follow y'all! :)
&& then i fell back asleep and heard someone say my name and woke me up,.. o.0
#USC #Writers conference - Ivory Madison authenticity and pragmatism all you need to be a great writer
on what?
15 more minutes till the #LAKESHOW #FACT => LETS GO LAKERS!!!!!
Near the GA state capitol? Stop by the 1st ever #ChildrensDay between 9am-2pm. Talk w/ & 24 partner orgs, grab a snack.
Happy New Year! Let's make 2010 A year with a plan with a purpose. Heavy emphasis on the purpose!
Second order of biz: All followers please retweet to all your peeps to follow
Not sure what you're demonstrating.
Congrats, Bryce Harper - 1st major league home run.
I did. Since I was on vacation I just got it last week. Thanks
Eh there has been fights over here but she didnt kill anyone this year. A freaking sloth followed me on here o-o
Wow! Things are going to move fast.
This week is flying by! If this keeps up, it will be June in no time!
I just learned there are NINETEEN SEASONS of How It's Made. Good fucking lord, that's a lot of TV.
'Emergencies' have always been the pretext on which the safeguards of individual liberty have been eroded. ~ Frederick von Hayek
this Saturday June 18th at 6pm Agnieszka and her band will perform at Naperville Jazz Festival
ok...is it possible to save each page of a word doc as a separate file? easily and named using mail merge?
An onion a day keeps everyone away.* *A humoristic version ofan apple a day...
Problem with Tannehill pick: Dolphins don't take him, you know Sherman didn't like him. They take him and you don't know if it was Ross call
today been a slow day but imstill hustlin
- well said.
Fucking late for work ugh
wanna hang out
I only run if it's to get home and open up a bottle or make the happy hour specials :)
Helping out at stand at Dupont today. Come by and say hi!
Let's get #WeAreMarquette trending!
"Don't hate, it's too big a burden to bear." Martin Luther King
Your fat ass is one to speak,your just a secret fan posing as a hater! Sweating thats y u on her TL
doesn't Madison hate oatmeal squares?
don't hate lol!
Wish I was in Texas this weekend, since my fav Singers & are in Concert's! I sure do miss them..
: FYI, Glen Ellyn will not give up on that parking ticket, despite being fully informed. I declare war.
I need some new texting buddies ASAP!?
NYC friends and potential visitors: I have 3 tix to The Great Googa Mooga on Sat., 5/19. If you want to go, hit me up and I'll send info.
#NP 's Internet radio station while in flight!
Amazing again. Baby back ribs. Whiskey ice cream. Bacon brownies. Yum!
What is the ultimate goal?
Yea I definitely feel that cause people are really shady nowadays
You know your in the south when the entire whole foods hot bar consists of meat, cheese, and stuff covered with marshmallow fluff.
Our CEO Chris Robins is speaking #ibmimpact in front of 9K people 2day! U will B GR8 Chris! We R watching live feed back @ the ranch.
thought you had alot of friends into that music? I for one have a few so I'm just going with mr and the girls.
i love you i see you u have a phone on ur hand
I'm actually getting excited about going! Yes! Looking forward to meeting new people! :D
well, he is only averaging like 1.3 run support when he starts....at least its up over 1.0 now!
That awkward moment when you yell, "Slut" and alot of chicks turn around.
so happy to see you here! I follow you on you tube yaay!
it thunder so loud here in Austin, tx Yesturday !! I was scared ! :c
Been a while since I could get on line.
If you have the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed. - David Viscott
Loving the resident DJ in SoHo
#Np The lazy song
shut up faggot
Ready for 2:30 on Wednesday!
Love the logo for Peles. Can't wait to visit. Hope they have salads too.
New York Yankees complete trade for Houston Astros' Lance Berkman
William James~ Our belief at the beginning of a doubtful undertaking is the one thing that assures the successful outcome of any venture.
"If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes." - St. Clement of Alexandra
There is beauty in everyone...
Don't delete it! You're very handsome. If anyone hates then they don't recongnize your beauty inside and out. (:
we're gonna be watching flag football in a minute!
You know that Fiber1 commercial where the guy goes "fiber makes me sad" ? Like that. That said, still going tonight.
Lake Placid tomorrow
Truth is we are all under the same moon...
I JUST DIED, SO MUCH SEXINESS
Can you pls follow me?I promise I'll followback just tweet me if you did <U+2665><U+0328><U+200E><U+200B> (<U+2312><U+30EE><U+2312>)
You are so sweet! You're pretty amazing yourself!
what happened w Final Destination series. LOVED first one n next few were ok but 4th is insanely disgusting n now don't want 2 see new one.
Anyone else not getting the volume on Root Sports on Comcast?
y'all are both Crazzy
RT : Bills Mafia welcome him to la familia
Thanks Johnny — I'm already having a blast. See you next week!
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool during the olympics I'm going to burst out in song like High School Musical<3(;
holy shit crashed into a fucking iceberg who would have guessed i thought it was unsinkable
I AM ABOUT TO EXPLODE WITH TEARS. SRSLY. ALL I WANT RIGHT NOW IS TO MEET 1D AND GO TO MINNESOTA AND MEET DAKOTA IN CHIPOTLE
I would gladly take some of those off your hands!!!! Hope you're having a great Sunday!
Even your favorite fruit is chocolate covered cherries:p
Best Chicago dog, Portillos is damn good, so is and Pizza - Pizzeria Uno and Peaquods
The best programs arent. Managers have a short attention span.
hahah thanks! its so funny
#greenwood, indiana
There really is no secret to being happy
Lol this horse is like Bionic and shit
Who Isn't
I'm excited to see Britney under pressure. It'll show everyone she's normal... and let her show everyone who she really is.
9 more days!!! Bubbling with excitement that I'm in single digits on my countdown now #NYC I need a job
That is so on the ball.
Lmao I'm Finna Repeat Thee Same Thingg She Get To Say No Words
Goodmorning (: hope everyone has a blessed day
Didn't get a chance. Do you have pics?
the people who love you most can hurt you most - the same holds true for soccer teams - the more they love you the more they hurt you
its keeley ....she's a rascal....want her?!
Don't complain that only Niall and Liam only care about us now and the others don't. They are all on with family and friends on break. Damn
draw a beautiful swan on your table with condiments
The one thing that bothers me about Ferris Bueller is that I can never have a day as productive as that.
Cheers in newsroom as Mirror chief Bailey quits after she was asked to take bonus cut
stop drinking my beer!
My brothers girlfriend totally went to the concert. Thanks for inviting me!
Capital One is the #1 organization to have hired Washington University in St. Louis students this year!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>chill sweetie. I know how to skate! Lol
The only time I'm truly happy is when I'm with you!!!!
no problem! You rock too. Thanks for the #mamamafia support too :)
Okay, Dunham's Girls was great and all, but why has there not been more about the return of Peter Scolari, erstwhile Bosom Buddy?!
Never accept other people's limitations
Holy cow! it's raining cats and dogs!
Pumped that the Higgins family is this year's Clan of the Fest at Milwaukee Irish Fest.
Missing Lisa Loeb at ALA but getting a well needed move on to the airport. Haven't seen my babe in a week!! Now Dallas traffic...
Am I the only one who freaks out when I hear rumours that Cody Simpson has a girlfriend?
There’s still time to experience the value of #SpeakUp by collecting &using the data to garner support for your key technology initiatives!
I don't care anymore.
Minus the kimchi, that's what I plan to eat tomorrow. I've never tried making kimchi, and I doubt I'd do it justice.
lol Really? That was me chillin
": yeaaaahhhh ok" I was going to go with "flat boring and left a lot of people disappointed"
Good choice.
At the theathers going to watch The Avengers soon!:D
walking into the waiting room of Stu Segal for an commercial audition today with Candis Casting, and there were men in blue shirts as far as
lol but i thought she was hermaphrodite? not trying to sound ignorant but it seemed plausible she look like marlyn manson
Feeling remarkably (and inexplicably) connected to the world tonight.
being done as we speak
40 yr old with a walk off HR. #Larry,Larry
Got to see 2 great shows today! #JerseyBoys &
obviously dead ! She's a vampire right ? Lol I guess that was a trick question .
Longest 14 minutes of my life
I'll buy them if I come 2 KY!! J/K
Uhoh, I feel really cool for being liked and followed and repinned a lot on Pinterest. But it's not ME they like, it's Kate Spade! ha
Lifetime has crazy movies but they're catchy!
ROFL..."Social Media plumbing expert"
Can't wait to see in Spelling Bee!!!
this is probably the best thing i have ever read!
RT : RT : Words are only painted fire; a look is the fire itself. (via )... but words kindle the fire
I can't watch this shit
Trusting Is Scary /:
My followers are dropping like flies! What's happening?!
Awesome. You got a new follower.
Got my twitter back
then my lovely thanks for listening
Gourme Mist is sodium free. Just another reason to start Misting!
LOVE my new twitter page! can't wait 2 start one for Liking layout & #discover functions. Yes, more like FB & G+ in a good way
Thank you! What a sweet thing to say. ;-) Happy Mother's Day! OxoA
awesome but where is the orange tops?
I just realized that I don't like LIL WAYNE style of rap but his word play is #Dope!!!
I'll be back Friday. Can you wait until then?
First name: Retuquel. Que? Huh?
agreed, all around! Very glad to have stumbled upon this convo :)
4 quid a month for Eurosport really is worth it.
loves lounging in my bikini... What a beautiful day ahhmazing :)
a social media genius who lives in Vegas and who tweets people who tweet about Vegas :)
I wish would follow me on twitter or tweet me at least.... It would be the best late birthday gift(:
4th of July Special!
's #PYHU just came on after CNBlue's "Hey You" on Not a bad way to spend the night with some music
---> RT : Dear North Carolina, "sanctity of marriage" is your aim? So, when are you banning divorce?
you guys look great! And congrats on 23!
Can't even be mad. 4 homers in one game is sick
please tell me when your coming to florida? I got people to buy all the rage :3 i really did :D i feel proud
GINA. buy me a new sketchbook cause you love me.
A word to the wise: Don't open 125 tabs in oXygen it will slow down
OHH MY FUCKIING GOD WHERE ARE U FUCKING BAD BITCHES???
Kiwi photojournalist freed after arrest is Zimbabwe
what's up with you ignoring my mentions?
Such an amazing day. It's definitely perfect weather for some tennis with my brother.
Only 9 more days till the MCA-I Holiday Event at The Magic Bag! Citizen Zero and The Alyssa Simmons Band will be performing.
too cute and your welcome!(:
Q: What is your favorite brand of shoes?
Polyphonia, Sweet Violets, Carbon Life, Royal Opera House, review: Sex, violence and Boy George are all part of ..
Cool stuff. RT Go to fredboutique.com, check out our FASHION Blogs, click on "Followers" to get weekly STYLE tips & advice..
Warm weather = Happy bar patrons = Happy bartenders = Happy bar patrons... The happy cycle never ends when it's warm!
Glad you're following; and such interests! cognition, computation, natural phil.—I'm too pale for the playa.
Moneyball is such a good movie
#ThingsShorterThanKimsMarriage my attention span for any of this "news"
Double, double toil and Kardashians!
Thnx 4 following Mark. WE're also following James D. but u probably noticed that already. :-)
why do niggas always think girls are stupid like foh you the only stupid one its a shame
Recuperating from Christmas just in time to be inundated with New Years. Who made them so close together anyway?
My eyebrow hairs have officially lost their self-check mechanism for when to stop growing.
Sounds great. I was a big Monkees fan when I was a kid. Saw Micky at an event not to long ago - still looking good.
#GameChangeBaltimore : "She's doing great!" "..There's 88 more minutes!"
that fact is real! Good to know now!
Thank you for the follow! :) Seriously rockin'
I hope you are having a nice vacation
days like that are AWESOME!
oh I cant stand your Character, But I LOVE YOU Megan!!!!! The sign of a GREAT Actress!!!!
And if the "sister I never had" comment by Dean was foreshadowing, would be great to see as a regular on the show.
Joe Thomas being interviewed by at
And here comes with the whiney tweets about playing baseball in this weather. -_______-
W/ all of #SLS12 success today, it's hard not to thank amazing Presidente , thanks for inspiring all of us on eboard!
Real friends don't get offended when you insult them. They smile and call you something even more offensive... <U+32E1>
I'm ready!
maybe somewhere on there
FFFuUUUUuuuu I just finished a 8.82 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Losing followers left and right it seems. If you still follow me, #thumbsup #yourock if you don't, #fuckyou :-)
Who's headed out to Bamboozle this weekend?? We need YOUR help! Send Kelly an email at for info!
Did you bring your dog to work today? Check out for dog friendly places to grab lunch.
I've been
I wonder what #AmareStoudemire was thinking; we are going to get swept now. I do not care if we lose, but I do not want to lose like this.
Get a fuzzy feeling in my tummy every time pokes me on Facebook. EVERYTIME. ALWAYS. FOREVER.
oh thats good, you will have to let me know how it goes!
Gloves aren't allowed. You'll be beaten with bar-of-soap-filled tube socks the moment a coach sees them.
One thing that sucks about havin leather seats in your car is that it burns your ass like hell when it's hot out n you just get in your car
haha ikr<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>. Hope to see you guys soon..I see your snapbacks where your Lakers cap at lol?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I don’t like to think before I speak. I like to be just as surprised as everyone else by what comes out of my mouth.
Another way to end an unwanted convo: Ask if you're "good enough friends to Facebook Poke yet".. These have all been tested by the way.
awesome. synthy disco forever.
Ah buying Bonnaroo tickets is taking MUCH longer than I planned.
I just stop caring
I have a very weird feeling today. Not liking it. Just want to crawl back into bed for the day.
i want to hear "So Many Girls" by
Just a heart of glass.
Buck up, everybody!!! Remember what the Godfather told us just a few years ago. "We should never let a crisis go to waste!!!"
TonyInDFW Join at #BIGD12 May 31-June 2 Prototyping, Content, Agile Usability and so much more!
what check in number did you get?? I won't be able to sleep tonight!
Adobe is the software that allows readers to enjoy books while protecting the rights of the author and publisher
so excited for 11.11.11 to celebrate the birth of my love and his arrival into his late 20s
When it hits....The Bubble Monkeys will be in effect.....!!!! for those that dont Know.....
I remember when you said we'd be together forever... I guess forever isn't as long as it seems.
I'm so sleepy I'll probably fall asleep during this training <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Another day, another thinking about you. :'\
I hope Rebecca Black stops singing about any day of the week.
Bumping to Mac Miller with the parents....yeah that's a
Maybe she isn't the one for you......
RT : Anyone using www.ripple.com? Could this be an alternative to NING? Looks interesting
Why would anyone think it's okay to refer to the FLOTUS as Blackie O.?? Come on, Joan!
Fb *is* ugly. I'm glad at least one other person agrees with me on this.
Leaf blowers and floor waxers
QoTD: "Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable." (Sidney ...
Today I spoke on House floor to support the DATA Act to require agencies & fed grant recipients to report grants & spending.
START! Doors are now open for Free Play! It's also happy hour until 7pm. Get down here! 21+, $5.
Apple Admits iOS 5 Battery Problems
Preparing to exhibit at the Washington Bridal Showcase on Sunday, January 15, 2012. Come check out our booth!
oh well thats a good thing! xD do you know f.y.e. its an entertainment store..place..and i will be getting there CD from there
At 1:30 in 303: Islam: Beyond the myths, breaking down the barriers with Amer Ahmed
How many answers can a raindrop find before it hits the ground?
Vista: You make my life extremely difficult! Dislike using you on my laptop!
Another storm passed thru Mammoth last night, dropping a half a foot of snow at the lodge and on top!
I've never seen a dog smile..... It looks like it wants to rip off my head
Have my iPad back for 15 min! :| omg I h8 being grounded
Said to me by David Healy today: "It would really be bad to pull a Curt Clark with your David Healy"
Have a great weekend.
Howdy Ya'll... Stop by and check out all our specials this month!!!
Maybe got the best compliment of my career to date but #duckme. Standards are set
Anytime! Thanks for $5 Mondays!
How will you be spending your extra day today?
sounds yummy
Yum! That does look good!
hi dudes i'm wild girl laci, working cam all summer to pay tuition, ok so i luv it, does that make me bad? p.s. biker dudes rock!
#cincodemayo & #prebirthday celebrations in order for tonight!
I think Orlando should pursue Lamar Odom, this off season.
I'm hitting you up on gchat!
you will get both!!!
la la la la love you
Chauncey Jackson just shredded ACL/MCL in both knees in a game of pickup, but he still has offers from every school in the country
Great example! I still talk to a few of my CFCC professors. One has gotten me interested in economics again (as you can see)
Does anyone have a club penguin!? If you do we should talk about the ICONic Boyz on there! ~Ashley
RT - I hate the New England Patriots.
I would like to thank all of my fellow veterans who proudly serve our country and protect our freedom. You make all of us proud.
The Georgia Entertainment Association presents:
Just broke the seal.
Oops. Forgot to @ Rhonda but she knows that was for her..
I want Maggie to come back home. I hate being away from my puppy.
Thanks Jen! I couldn't believe it--my supervisor is a Gamma Beta! I miss you already and I hope you're loving break :)
"I may be mad I may be blind I may be viciously unkind, but I can still read what you're thinking."
Same with "Our Country is headed down the wrong path". Love listening to you and JT on the way home from work.
I also wonder what it means that our participants are critical to data collection but have so little presence at
Hey Nicole! I didn't sit I wanted to be able to move around to get some good shots from above as well. :) Did you have fun?
"No, I'm in the library but I can talk." Half-right, Penn undergrad! Now get off the phone.
i know you saw that !! thats why we get surprised you never know with themone sec we're up and the next we're down -_-
Today is my first day opening up shop as assistant manager without any help and all by myself :) wish me luck! #bosslady #thatshitidolike!
For sure. But pls. note most of the best value stilcomes from in-app ads.
that's what #trueblood is for
I've sponsored angel flights before. I donate a good amount.
your pictures on instagram are AMAZING!!
HEY! We have a show TOMORROW at the KEYNOTE Cafe in Jeanette. The show starts at six. Come check it out :D
i mean, what if i was actually overweight. you shouldn't make fun of ppl becos of their weight. you should be grateful for
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! We wouldn't be where we are today without you.
just finished. Classic Well worth a read
I didnt even go to school and I know what happen..lol
. the ISS storyline from last night's episode was very cool. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>Is there an fan that works on the show?
Mink mink mink 2night!!! Hope to see you there!!!!!
Hearing about from Ken Lowe #Worldcom I wonder if Giada will visit ?!?!
Did Chavez sign?
maybe i can blend in if i slouch...?
Best Believe I'm just Slidin through....So move your panties to the side lemme slide through....
i was wanna do a twitcm today but is wanna do one at the same time as me:P
pussy lips fool...
Alex and Robert live !!
Happy 30th Birthday, baby! Well, ya look 30 to me. Now play me some Fine Young Cannibals. Have a great cake.
Love your post -- thank you!
hey Neil, how was the rest of your trip?
Prom tomorrow! :)
... in this room is blind to the needs of the 9th. Voters need solutions.
anyone who follows chloegmoretz follow me who are fans of her alot ok
When people think they're the shit because they don't try in school. I'll be laughing when you're flipping my burgers in 10 years
Ya'll did the taping from 2002-2007. But it wasn't exposed and you weren't SANCTIONED until 2008. What else you got?!?
You guys need someone to answer your CUSTOMER SERVICE phone! I've been trying all day!!!!!!!!!!!
I don't know what you're talking about. That's a terrible photo.
Can I just take back this week, please :'(.
not tht late o-o LOLL
lazy days are hard to come by anymore... I have thoroughly enjoyed doing nothing today. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
good luck with that!
I agree the AL east will have 3 playoff spots.
There is just something about Don Draper that makes me want to sip brown liquor, smoke a cigarette, and have an affair
very, very true.
just watched we bought a zoo w/ my kids. Best use of music in a movie since Rushmore. Really really well done.
true shit, there will be a lot of that these coming years.
I hear Ted Danson is taking over C.S.I. The first thing they need to investigate is what the hell is that on his head??!!
Have u ever walked in to a GAP and the clerk does a dbl take...Then they realize ur the dude plastered all over the store lol
You'll have an audience of one.
what a GREAT job. wonder if i could twitter while working (i.e., doing a scene) haha
Never worry about the size of your Christmas tree. In the eyes of children, they are all 30 feet tall.
Kicks it or what?
I swear, some of these hoes pictures be makin my stomach sick .
Wish photoshop would have better type treatment
Of all the residents living in my apartment, I know more of the dog's names as opposed to their owners. That's not right.
Just setting up in the exhibit hall for #Insight12. Looks like we were delivered a rocket but Megan assures us it's 2 pop-up banners.
“: Snacking on goldfish, reminds me of :)” bomb
Also to be intro'd tonite "don't block the box" legislation. Dealing with blocking intersections & tying up traffic.
Your performance in November-March, relies solely on your training from April-October.
Happy birthday to my little sister Bookie-Boop!! I LOVE YOU!!
please follow me ive been voting for yall everyday and im still voting so please follow me back<3
Thanks for tweeting about L’Étranger!
Christ has risen.
no way dallas wins
Ughh everything has to be such a fucking operation like nothing can just go smoothly
no fucks given.
#kids Kids Only Book Club at Irving Central Library, Sat, May 19 2:30p: The Kids Only Book Club will feature fun activities and...
So UC Berkeley's MIMS program is kind of a big deal.
Relaxing finally & watching some movies with the fam <3
#6wordstories i just came to say hello
To contact God the Spirit in our spirit is to drink of the living water, and to drink of the living water is to render real worship to God..
#riseoftheplanetofapes, a good movie but needs a sequel or a follow up to clear the confusion fast!
Fuck having a dog but not being able to find the febreeze. Fuck that so much. Clutch opportunity failed, febreeze
Srry but I didn't know wut tO believe Srry I'll tell everyone it wasn't true I guess I was a bitch srry:\
Thanks, I've been flipping back and forth between them. It's some creative Photoshop-ing
make a Myspace!
I love you. You dont have to love me back, but Im gonna give you my heart anyways<3
what does it mean to be "on one"?
What does your tattoo on your wrist say?
The wise does at once what the fool does at last.
Im scared 2 wash my hair n the shower.lol.wen I close my eyes 2 rinse out the soap.I always feel lik sum1 is watching me or about 2 kill me.
yes please!
I can happily report that Ursinus College will offer a Religious Studies major starting next Fall!
So full, good easter dinner. Ham, cauliflower cheese, yams, nut roast, roast potatoes, Yorkshire pudding and beer
#Top10Lies ...I promise...
Listening to new cd Beyond Fate at work
No newspaper delivery til 9 am Madison news and Madisons priority eliminating geese excrament. Oh my!!
awkward moment when i think i hear a boy & turn around its a qirl - aye bro yur a qirl ! Yur voice shouldnt be tht deep .
Thanks for the RTs!
Healthy Hair's is still n style @ A Cut Above 2467 Wesley Chapel 404.454.1494
Leadership is a matter of having people look at you and gain confidence, seeing how you react
Any calorie restrictive diet tends to result in weight loss.The true question: is it safe/sustainable>I prefer real food/exercise.
This fight is not just for immigrant rights but for human rights- Mala Brooks of MS #hb56 in AL
lets hope they dont have anything in them(:
im loving being bored :-)
Im great we have sub and she looks like she is 16 and im throwing like baby wads at this guy and girl and they look everywhere
I bet she looks great in business cas
glad you liked it almost as much as I did! Cheers to the glory of you my friend!
Impressed with Brady but am I wrong to think unless he can do that against Jets we are set up for another playoff loss?
Such a flirt
I think it's time to put Madonna out to pasture, like old yeller.
Gloves Intech Ti-Cabretta Men39s Golf Gloves Left-Hand Medium- golf gloves for men
hey thanks for the follow and your really cute :)
I second that request regarding LinkedIn. I haven't heard much, but we're thinking about testing those waters.
avy still gettin hers done tomorrow ?
Hawks in 45 minutes start their climb back. They'll win tonight
lets hangout soon !
Watch the Xstream Makeover action from across the street at Austin-original Caffe Medici on West Lynn St. Or online!
Ain't nobody got time for that
I appreciate the follow! Take care.
Dear North Carolina, this is 2012, why are you still writing legislation based on a fictional book?
Sid and Nancy
What kind of misfit danger can I get myself into this evening?
Why don't I think this hurts recruiting? If a hs kid is concerned he wont have many transfer options, we don't want him anyways.
Never leave your key of happiness in someone else's pocket don't wait on someone else to build your dream life for you,the key will be lost.
Someday you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again.
Man, what a great ride! Based on the amount of bikes around campus, it seems Rice did well with Bike to Work Day
you have the funniest twitter bio ive seen in a while
Late at night the lonely smoker... Lol
...live up to one's ideals. Such feelings touch us deeply and elicit a powerful response. " - John P. Kotter
as if anyone gives a shit about my tweets
haha thanks (: Yeah I know my two loves, Marilyn Manson and Justin Bieber, couldn't be more opposite.
Health &amp; Beauty » Obesity
Thinking about--- alott. To much. Bothered. Annoyed. Hate school.
I don't get that excited, got 4 mouths to feed LOL!!
had a great night talking with
Stop 1 - Bears for a hairy bear. Uh, closed
thanks, I follow back
Former Pres George W.# Bush endorsed Mitt #Romney,no surprise. Romney's taking on the Bush administration staff as his own advisors&policies
I don't miss you, but I remember you. you taught a lesson and for that I give you gratitude
We have a history, but YOUR my future! And I've learned from my past MISTAKES!
Part of me just wants to find the right words to hurt you the same way you hurt me.
So? Doesn't mean you didn't act the arbiter of a lot of things in convo with me & Phil.
I LOVE great customer service and experience. Now, we'd really like a store in Mpls to recycle the capsules!!
hey babe!
Im so amazingly happy roght now!!! and u guys killed it tonight congrats
is hot;)
When someone repeatedly calls you worthless, it may be easy to believe them. Don't. They are WRONG!
Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, others just gargle
you're welcome!
So lucky! I hope they win tonight bc I can't believe they lost that last game!
Waiting for to take the stage!! Can't wait I have seen them live in years....
haha and now that I have busted you, who might this be?
Anyone else catch Green Jelly's "Three Little Pigs" on SiriusXM Liquid Metal yesterday? No? Just me? You guys are lame...
Who are the best available free agents this offseason?
First day as a college graduate! Still can't believe it. Walking across stage yesterday was surreal.
Good morning from the Front Range! Perfect #Colorado weather for start of #coleg #specialsession & hrgs for #civilunions!
Promising Signs Emerge Despite Business Owners' Continuing Concern Over Chicago Area Economy - Yahoo Finance CHICAGO, April 11, 2012 /PRN
who needs a fly swatter when you have dexter
#Derby info all week in 1 place-WWW.ussportspages.com
Tonight is the last Central Committee Meeting before the Primary Election! Three weeks and counting.
ooh, has someone snatched them up yet?
To Joseph Gordon-Levitt: Love me.
boy please yu think yu hurttin me.! ahahah i stopped liking yu awhile ago baby .!
RT via Are you an overprotective parent that Tweets & Drives?
I love my #Illini, but its inexcusable for any game to deny me televised minutes of Pebble Beach.
I just finished a 3.02 mi run with a time of 1:03:04 with Nike+ GPS.
Life is like money, you can only spend it once- InSpotter mobile app
Check out our partner for an innovative way to make video go viral!
We didn't get very far! Happy to use your work when you are ready.
Just downloaded instagram and temple run on my Android .
OK twitterland, I'm off to bed. Hope everyone has a good night.
; #thatawkwardmoment when you tell your parents your going to a play and you come home smelling like a bonfire..
best producer for the lineup, too RT : I vote RT : or maybe there should be some kind of competition...?
Dear I love you but my bank account hates you.
haha I bet I could drive without any lessons :p
Texas Rangers Yea Buddy
Yoga does a body good! RT Even this skinnygirl falls off the healthy wagon. Back to yoga & cleanse.
Uploading a new video.
Yes I do agree. I'm also a vegetarian so it was just too bizarre to deal with.
doing some work for awhile in LA
No, no stars here. Still trying to work my way back to Hollywood! Are you a full-time safety expert these days?
Shooting Necessary Roughness in football pads... Man it's been awhile since I laced up!
Beauty and the Beast out Jan 13. The original romantic French movie. #whowantstogo?
A good time without vodka? Is such a thing even possible, m'dear? O.o
#15 SDSU lost to Air Force, wow!
all you do is cool cuz you are just that amazing :-)
Not the Heat. RT “: POLL: Who are you rooting for to win this Series? Pacers or Heat?”
Pod is born.
“The principle is competing against yourself. It's about self improvement, about being better than you were the day before.” Steve Young
RT : YES! RT : Irony is not sexy. I can tell if you grew a joke-beard. I WILL tell your parents who still support you!
it is almost time!
So when I joined twitter a few months back, no one was on. I just checked my gmail contacts and everyone's on including, yes, my mom
I haven't gone out for a whole entire month .... I must go out tonight
cold to adults but warm enough for a Middle School boy to go outside in short sleeves!
Crossfit!!! You will be glad you did! Call us and mention "Twitter" and your first workout will be free!!! :)
Maybe free breadsticks for badge holders?
Don't hate me just because I've gotten a free meal almost every day for the past week.
let's go!
Thank you for all you do to help the #actors in NYC. You have helped so many land their first major TV gig. Much appreciated.
who has been responsible for getting Kyle out of bed? That's not easy! Lol
already truly, entirely, wildly, messily, marvelously who we were born to be."
Holy cow just had the best back message ive ever gotten ....
I rc'd a galley as a bday gift, tho had heard of it thru the professional grapevine (am a librarian by trade).
GIANTS!!!! Good game boys!
Coding at a coffee shop is a nice switch up
Better to have loved and lost than never to have had had this goddamn iPhone that shattered a month before I would have replaced it anyway.
don't winky face me creep....
I feel sorry for you guys haha.
HAPPY ALL MOST BIRTHDAY
Q: How can you tell that there's a #vocalist at your front door? A: She forgot the #key and doesn't know when to come in.
The Badgers also announced their game at Purdue on October 13th will kickoff at 11 a.m. and be broadcast on ESPN, ESPN2 or BTN.
I hope you say something to espn on the way digger Phelps talked to UK fans at college game day
he dont wanna look at nobody 0_o
you can do amazing things with LED strips nowadays
How can we help you and your home today (:
Here's a shout out to all the Vancouver expats out there! I'm so homesick right now. I miss my #Canucks !
shout out to you love...
I have yet to find a cute boy not impressed IUPUI not impressed
oh for fucks sake. vermette has been all over the place. stop him
Enjoyed your Yoga Daily...especially the article on getting things done. Namaste
Did I mention how much I love !!!
yes. yes. i agree. But still better then the Transporter series?
My baking has gotten so much better! It only took 5 years...
nay. Looks uncomfortable too carry and hard to dig stuff out of the bottom.
Sunshine your my bestfriend. Text me bitches! <33 (:
Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes. Mahatma Gandhi
I guess I'm on my way to this chior practice ..
Who's watching the 84th Academy Awards? Are you rooting for a "Best Picture" nominee?
We've made a special request for nice weather while you're here... Safe travels!
Leadership: what is your vision? Do you communicate it? If you ask others about your vision can they explain it? Clear, concise, consistent.
new heights coached by Brandon Adams how are they doing
Why can't teaching, research and service be integrated? We can't wait until tenure.
I will. Looking forward to seeing y'all!
Mineral Point with a one out walk but failed to score. After 1 inning, Fennimore 1, Mineral Point 0.
My trainer told me not to eat junk food. M no thanks
27 min swim - amazing! Bike - killer hard, run - "hotter than donut grease"
& he wanted me home for what? for this?
great work on the webinar! some very useful information and data
They got this in the bag!
looks like White Sox drew the batters box smaller than they wee supposed to. Miggy Cabrera complained, now re-drawing batters box
In Accra, Ghana for Africa Cabinet meeting. Studying now for taping tomorrow on slavery and freedom at Cape Coast.
It seems as if I have been hacked, disregard anything sent to you from my account :-)
My waiter at Casa Grande just called me baby... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
#beforeIdieIwantto find someone to spend the rest of my life with
Stop by Earthsavers Uptown for a complimentary mini-peel by MD Skincare - TODAY only noon-4! Call to guarantee a time slot: 504-899-8555
Romney's not ready for the 3:00 AM phone call -- but his butler, Jeeves will pick up and be happy to take a message.
Kid Cudi - Erase Me. This song's for you bby
Tomorrow in #thehumanevent: "Keep Calm!…For the Cold War" w/ Jackie Orr and Panic Diaries, part 2.
Going to the Titanic exhibit today!! So excited!
hi..... welcome to TWITTER.
Used my newly retired dorm bedding to soak up all the moisture in my freezer so I could move it
Bein back at school with my squad makes me realize how much I missed these dudes
Chief Keef signed to Cash Money?
we do, Alex.
Best tweet of the week! RT : I don't need any goddamn permission, Schruk. I live at night and I do whatever I want.
The best part of the BET FLIP FLOP Awards is the cipher session w/ DJ Premier & half the dudes on it are trash. BET needs a new CEO. SMH
RT": If I Spoke My Mind, I wouldn't be here right now. everyone would have gotten together & murdered me."
Spent time learning google doc forms. I like the possibilities. Check out dhanson39.wordpress.com for a couple of student projects.
only you...
I love scoring a really cool packing project that indulges in #Bacon flavored alcohol, #Irish & hand carved
I got peeps!!!
Truth is harsh.
nut of course boiling depends on the altitude. I think.
Word word!!!
Just got cut off by a Virginia driver...in PHX! They're everywhere.
any new yorkers have access to a large van/truck and want to make a few bucks tomorrow? I'm moving and I still don't know how...
Thank U to our raffle participants & We raised over $600 for our scholarship fund.
what's up bro. Just sent it
thank u for posting that link! ^_^ I gonna ask my mom if I can get one :^)) <3
But not Michael Bay KAPLOWIE
Come down to Harvelle's tonight!!!
Life is great, weather is gorge, shopping on the list @ Adventura, video shoot for today, more projects & events...
Nerlens Noel just sent a shot into the third row at the Nike Hoop Summit.
cops ain't trained to injure.
Agree on all of it! :-)
wait is it bubble guppies?!?!
I dig the same type of filmmakers. I need them for work. :)
Hirsute: adj. hairy. I like it because it sounds like "hair suit."
PULL THE LEVER, KRONK! *emperors new grove*
im going to see my boyfriend this weekend and were going to take cute pictures and go on a picnik. he doesn't know yet though, but thats ok.
I hid my niece's first initial in there.
fuck! is playing south by so what?! ah. im sofaking excited.
Morning!! Everyone. You should have a Grapefruit for breakfast.
Good mornin twitter fam at this school one more week til spring break though
I try to comment PUSH Zack Ryder WOO WOO WOO PUSH Zack Ryder WOO WOO WOO and does not get approved
Can Fleury and Bryzgalov do their job and PROTECT THE GOAL
hey so i was wondering if your gnna b performing tmrw cuz i rlly wnna c u but i cldnt gt tkts. shld i still cme i over there?
they're getting there!
I was going to but then I realized I don't have thumbs
the worst thing a guy can do is make a girl fall for him when he has no intention of catching her <3
wats good boo
where do I go??
oh i have nothing to say you nd neisha got tht down pack after all you are the one who started tht joke lollx
HAS A TUMBLR NOW SO GO FOLLOW :D
irony of Steven Tyler singing "Dude Looks Like a Lady" is so overwhelming it hurts my brain.
can't stop reading YOUNGER NEXT YEAR for women by Chris Crowley and Henry S. Lodge
#retweet if you've listened to #pearljam since the 90's, never understood more than one word in a song clearly, but still love them.
Watching the newest episode of The Walking Dead. Totally in love with this show right now
Aren't we all? RT : I'm in a fucked up LOVE situation
is live-tweeting the #CwKirk event - really interesting dialogue going on!
I get home and there is gumbo and apple pie!!!! *holyghost stomps* y'all don't want me to shout in here!!!!
I need it!
so it feels good to be back?
we're soulmates
What are you guys using to sync Twitter posts with BP activity at #ds106?
that shit to to long!
Bonus points to you for tweeting me anything Kate Upton!
I agree. That clip of BatB didn't impress me. New medical show will suffer on Tues(Ringer's old slot)
Way to go
Studying for finals is like planning your own funeral <U+E403><U+E113><U+E11C>
is Mars a Chicago suburb?
Beer or Wine ?
I think its awesome that osama bin laden takes #movember so seriously.
conducts while we play #Bach #Chickcorea & #Radiohead next weekend bit.ly/pckZOi
#IKnewItWasOverWhen my car was getting put on the tow truck, and you just kept playing XBOX 360 Live Call of Duty modern warfare 3
I dont know.. You'll have to ask him!
Office hours
Gotta Keep yo Pimp Hand Strong!! Lol Good Morning Everybody!!!
Good guy : Realize your computer problem is software and not hardware, don't charge you for repair
I was switching back and forth. I'm back #TheVoice exclusively now.
I'm seriously about to quit and just be jobless. I can't take this shit
"If you are a #dog and your owner suggests that you wear a sweater. . . suggest that he wear a #tail." Fran Lebowitz
virtual machines.
looking good! P.S. I just sold friend two Sonos portable units this weekend and he loves them!
cool! Thanks so much
The StressBuzzters are back! Free snacks, chair massages and giveaways to help you de-stress. Library, 2 West @ 7pm tonight!
You guys make me want to believe in that love thang again!
super duper annoying >:(
Head over to Direct from Philly for one of their famous cheesesteaks! Even better, you get 10% #cashback everyday for being !
I JUST WANT A JOB IN NYC!!!!!
To enlarge or illustrate this power and effect of love is to set a candle in the sun
Drink? How long u here? Shooting all over in NYC. Queens and Brooklyn tomorrow
Very interesting, thanks!
Yeah...I don't like What if's haha
Apple's home page tribute to Steve Jobs illustrates the power of a photograph. RIP Mr Jobs...you did good.
We thank you for your support and tweets all season long.
Pop a bottle @ #GOODLIFESATURDAYS or not? lol decisions
wheres this country night?!
School is awesomee today(:
So if OJ didn't do it, who did?
Speaking of #joy. It is a joy to receive wishes and #love form my children, #family and extended family.
How do you get people to place your link without you placing theirs? Trade link for another that is (PR) equivalent to theirs or pay for it.
ahh, just getting this now. Sorry, they went SO fast! The booth looked great, btw.
is that what makes girls feel beautiful
Parking disaster at this morning not too horrible. Weather seems to keep the idjits away.
#Oscar nominations are kind of blah this year. True film lovers would have nominated Melancholia no matter how bizarre Lars von Trier is.
All this rain is making the polys look better than those monos.
Can't wait to board this flight..miss home so much...sigh
I checked out the new Teaism yesterday in Old Town Alexandria - beautiful space. Also has a BAR!
Er. VICTORY! What's wrong with you, auto-correct?
Thanks for the follow(:
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRL
if I corrected grammar & punctuation errors on signs I'd have no time to do anything else. I fear the battle is already lost.
Shaka Smart is very popular here as he led VCU to the Final Four last year, He's also very young--early 30s.
Did hurdles in track today, SO MUCH FUN!!!!!!!!
I just wanna help the team win he is a great player I hope I can be as good as him one day
Volleyball Practice at West LA college tonight....ugh but weight room first<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I'm so glad Houstonian's don't burn down the city everytime one of our teams loses.
- your getting a spot in LA?
We're releasing the new ep "the revolver sessions" June 21st & we're kicking it off with a show on June 20th, at House Of Blues Sunset.
apple tv.
he's gotta passion in his pants AND HE AINT AFRAID TO SHOW IT
I haven't been downtown at night in ages. The number of homeless people I am witnessing is shocking.
Who's ready for the next In Big D conference???? Who should keynote? What company should sponsor it?
Follow Me Rite Now!!! Tell Erybody To Follow me and ill do Da Same For you! Leegooo!
if i ain't reading a comic book at work, or playing ball im playing chess, i be in the park playing them old ass niggas jtfo
Friends are there for you all the time and not to fall out with each other
Still loud still proud no matter what Simon Borg or who ever may say let's focus on what really matters, game day in 3 days
Big audition via Skype today! Hope the weather doesn't interfere with my internet.
remember when Rodgers came in vs Dallas a few years back....Flynn is gonna kill it
hahaha, awe ;D
those people are all just complete stupid and need to shutup already who gives a fuck what there called there still the same thing
cause my oldest sista picked me up from school and i went to her house, then tomorrow im having a bonfire after work.
At with and
Awesome industry analyst 101 from Jim Le Tart from RedPrairie - definitely get his analyst meeting agenda!
The rain is gone! Come for a swim this week. Check out our schedule @ www.swim.net
Yep. That's why I don't play, either. False starts; that's it.
Footwear Maker Aokang&#39;s Listing Mints New Chinese Billionaire Family
Thanks for the response. Looking forward to it man. Again We would love to speak with you down at Kurt Angle Foods
We're trying out a new Groupon program, Groupon Now allowing people to get deals they have to use the same day.It rolls out in two weeks.
AGREED! : ) “: A jam session with and would be A-MAZING”
Sensenbrenner cares more about Michele's butt than a tax break for 160 million Americans
I always have a headache when I wake up from a nap! :/
-___- i have saturday school tomorrow
Roses are red, violets are blue. He's for me & not for you, so if by chance you take my place, I'll take my fist & smash your face
umma beat yo __Rodriquez. I knw tht im such a lady tht it seem like it could b 5 of me but no I'm only 1 per im on my ish
Lots to accomplish this week. Let's hope my Monday morning motivation continues through at least Wednesday!
Please welcome _kfdu to the Max life
Pretty sure I just saw Eddie Vedder driving around. I swear. But why on Earth would he be in Janesville, WI?
that did not deserve a red. he barely touched him.
Fuck a prom .
RT i think fitness instructors must do crack. always have so much energy
Only thing I want to see more than an #Arsenal equalizer (or a winner) is the Ox warming up on the sidelines.
done with homework for the rest of the year.
follow me on my other account and -Amanda
RT : RT : Why AI Professor Sebastian Thrun Gave Up Tenure At Stanford To Provide Free Education Online...
yall are seriously the coolest account I follow.
I hear you. I'm not a gamer but one of these days I'd love to check out PAX EAST. It looks like tons of fun
Happy Oestre! Blessings of the bunny.
Closing keynote speaker for Day 1 - Michael Lorsch, The Table Group - The Five Dysfunctions of a Team
RT : If it's too loud, you're too old.
Is it June yet?
Tomorrow is Tax Day! Reward yourself for a job well done with one of our great breakfast options from !
I need to go to forever 21
Thanks, Joy! You are inspiring me in the research department!
Thank you, Steve. Although I wish we had a birthday cake ready for you...
Thanks for lunch yesterday and talking with me. Hope <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>I Walk The Line<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> went well and got your team fired up!
#BBKing will be performing at Wolf Trap Park on July 18th!
#GodGaveMeYou for the days of doubt. Preach,
Ha, that's classic. Does anyone recognize what your costume is?
the movie or the stage version?
# InterviewQuestion Where were you born? #Jobs Illegal question - either leave or reprimand the interviewer!
oh and by the way i texted you
hahhaa Damn I was all banged up on the ride home bro
Shout out to every one of our fans. Have an awesome and safe Easter! Stay aways from those "special eggs"!
TODAY 4:30-6pm @ Thompson Library book sale & signing OSU an Illustrated History - the perfect holiday gift for Buckeye fans-at a discount!
Who wants to Spar?? Punching bags don't #Hitback :-)
Coffee, eggs and toast: great way to start a Sunday :)
Everyone do something good today: follow and help them pass 1000 followers. #RT & let's get it started.
Ha Long Bay?
Good to hear that it was delicious. When you called in were they up front with you about the delivery time estimate?
your info is entirely incorrect. do some fucking research.
have a good, fun, relaxing, productive day. Wish I were on
#ifimetmau I would make him cereal & just hang out.
Happy Easter. Have a Blessed Day
#Starwarsshakespeare What's in a tauntaun? That which we call improvised shelter by any other name would smell bad…*breath*…on the outside
It's so hard to sleep after scrimmaging on a week night.
I may just be unobservant, but I think that was the first appearance of in the series. The series needed more Oz.
stay tunes for next weeks beating of the boys
how bout a follow and a follow back from
people that think they can sing <<<
what about and me?
Which VS angel is your fave? For me, it's a toss-up b/t Candice Swanepoel and Lindsay Ellingson. Brad votes Erin Heatherton.
yea yu should its so fun in vegas ahaha
What ever happened to awkward
Cudahy - witnesses say car was about 80mph over cliff.
American Family Insurance, we had no proof of insurance so he asked us if we knew the jingle...we didn't hesitate to start singing
yooo!...we gon do work bro!..
Kobe gonna bring the team back from 40 down.....
omg the rain in spain song is realy weird
Starting new series "WhoDoYouThinkYouAre?" tom ! Giving away 21 day devotional guides to discover identity in Christ!
Have you bought your tickets yet for the yet? www.chicagosketchfest.com
thank you for the suggestions.
Your next video should be named MONKEY PORN! :D
Rest in peace, Junior...
that would be freakishly awesome!
great game last nite. You are floatin on top of the womens game.
I need to hang out with more often lol
Gonna try and get some sleep tonight. I have a lot on my mind
Its 6am and Im still not asleep. Im not even tired yet. So Im very confused. Ive resorted to sitting on my bed watching Youtube. >.<
pretty sure we have 's head in there too...
I am totally in love with ! He is such a sweetie<U+2665> He is the best! :)
Hey Im a lil dude trying get big like you man. Can you help me out?
Chicks waiting on Boosie to get out of Prison only Date Goon Niggas that wear Tank tops, COOGI PANTS, Reeboks & Gold Teeth..
If strippers are called exotic dancers, then drug dealers should be called exotic pharmacists.
Purging old files and getting a bit nostalgic. It's amazing how many great projects I've been a part of I love my job!
RT God wants you to get to know Him, like He already knows you! // so good!
Also, crowdsourcing best Boston cupcakes. Need it light & moist w/kickass buttercream like ScottCakes in P-town. Suggestions, pls&thx.
Referral Key is a neat place for small businesses and professionals. Become my colleague
Mountain Goats, definitely, esp if U haven't before-performance brings out the intensity of John Darnielles songs. Phish is Phish.
im just curious....I would think they would report just like espn writers would. good interview none the less
Hello Tara, nice to meet you! Thanks for checking us out!
you gotta convince my mom to let me get it !
where u live at?
Sounds amazing I can't wait! RT : Launching June 1! 2 NEW Zing flavors ~ Dk Choc Hazelnut & Coconut Cashew Crisp
Come to the Bucks game tonight if you are ini town
Chilling and playing xbox live...
bad fuse. Working on it with sdge.
Ill be there the 31st
(AP) -- U.S. soldier Robert Bales now charged with 17 counts of premeditated murder in Afghan shootings, could face death.
I bet you did..
wow my eyelids feel like a million pounds right now :/
A lovely twelve-year-old boy just proposed to me using the ring that was already on my finger. Too bad I'm taken ;-)
Upside if Fins pass on Tannehill: Will be comedy GOLD to see Fins GM Ireland say afterward they see 58-year-old Dave Garrard as "the future"
We are open Christmas Eve. 9AM - 2PM
sounds about right, everyone should take a couple years to recover before their next trip....Vegas can get you good!
great! Super busy running my shop and finding time to do a little writing here and there! You?
Don't go to the caf!! I was so very wrong... Pooping green for hours.
RT : Drive Me Crazy on Netflix, yo!
My real job is tech support, which apparently translates to doing it for friends/family as well, lol
I luv the weekend
walk up to one and tell him you need his clothes, his boots, and his motorcycle.
“: The Internet needs a penalty box” freaking AMEN. I've wished for this so many times recently.
Last night, in my dreams, I complimented myself a lot. It felt good.
I'm reading this book called "first rate madness," and I need to pass some knowledge real quick...
#RonPaul gearing up for another 4th or 5th place finish as Romney shill in Louisiana.
Throw your soul through every open door.
hate to hear that man. Did police say many breakins in area lately?
I SAID GOOD DAY!
Signing up more people for the upcoming Salesperson class on August 3 M-F 9-12! So excited our business is picking up! www.tuckerschool.com
Big big thanks to for the honor of being fan of the week this week! Hubs and I are over the moon for our trip!
On the couch watching a Mad Men marathon
well said, man
Come on out and join Team Thomas for an evening of food, friends and music @ Preumium Distributors
this Aint Buisness Bitch This is Personal
God Morning! TGIFF! :) wow, its scary how the river just keeps rising
so Bubble Girl, are you just going to wait it out?
Wow is really ruining all of this. Way to go.
If I ever feel like having a near-death experience, I simply hop on the 8 during rush hour.
just waited over an hour to donate my blood only to find out that i couldn't even donate bc i went to belize last summer #sorry?
Just about to start my #5kday for #nanowrimo. Need 3 of these plus one 2k day to finish.
I got bout hella tests tomorrow
Getting super geek'd out about the blog post I'm currently working on that digs into the science of #pet food recalls.
trying my hand at a chateau lambic grand cru
Love the analogy of #FYE course (UBE101) as a "swiss army knife" for new students. Thanks for coordinating this great program!
So I go to an attorney for legal help, an MD for medical help, and a politician for education reform ? Hm
#Alliance12 #HEUG I've seen a few Tweets asking this, so FYI, the wireless password for the "Alliance" network is "alliance2012"
People that try to mind your business don't really have their life's under control, they want to have yours under control.
I had my money on you being atheist, or pagan at least.
haha yes! Its funny you posted this cause in class I also drew my name but mine looks way worse then yours.. awk
What I wouldn't give for #7minutesinheaven with right now...::sigh::..
(I had to look that up, and then I blushed.)
Is it possible maybe to have a love strong, that nothing could ever compare?
let me make i clear i dont deal with your problems ok your so immature!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sherlock Holmes was such a know-it-all.
If my sperm could talk I would prefer they had an accent - mosier
we can only hope!
happy weekend!
- I hope it's a 6'5" QB out of Tennessee.
See the hottest thing in candles!
so oracle is certified on amazon EC2 with a big announcement but somehow cannot be certified on vmware?
When life is to hard to stand, try kneeling.
Yeah I'm gonna have to call bullshit on that one. RT We ( ) and I are just concerned for your well being
These Mexicans betta chill and speak proper english today at work
Kids 5 and under are invited to read with United Way volunteers & Parent Educators. Activities & refreshments. More Info:...
As much as the song "Call Me Maybe" annoys me, I think it applies to what a lot of girls think.
Any followers from Japan in here?
I hate watching movies with Spanish voice overs. It just isn't the same <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Will the draft guide include a list of players that must stay overseas? Would be extremely helpful
#FF greetings and thanks
This winter weather is bipolar, pun intended ;-)
Authors get your book in libraries an often overlooked avenue of huge profit potential as libraries pay full price!
Sleep in, workout, guitar, homework, Carol of the Lights and Phi Lamb formal. It's gonna be a great day!
Goal: liberate data from HHS. Via HHS Health indicators warehouse coming. Will ask priv sector to build apps from the data.
FYI O'Lydia's is running a shuttle to the UWM game at the Klotsche center Tuesday night. Bus leaves at 6:30pm for 7pm game.
I'm not whatever that big word you used is! I like women!
thanks to Mary/Carlo/Bernadette. Just went to Starbucks, about to open some presents! Gotta go to rehearsal later on but for now it's bday!
do it
Commissioner Humke compares fire department break up with Reno to U.S. revolution with Great Britain.
Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness; it is generally the by-product of other activities. Aldous Huxley
Try the "Submit A Question" feature in the latest Sporting Explore update to have yours included in the in-game trivia during the playoffs!
thanks for the follow Sony PS!
glad to see you don't support SOPA in its present form, however copyright laws previously enacted are detrimental to public good
Definitely going to start using HootSuite
Thank God for another day. Hope u have a blessed one.
Awesome! <3 you!
And the #BlackKnights will be heading to Overalls with their win tonight!! Way to go #Knights!
Its a solid white line for a reason dickbags.
i know!
It's not Summer but it feels like it
look at you at tweety and stuff haha
Ahah. Not much xD your good.
Toby: hate to say it but tenes team gonna lose Me: why Him: cause they have god on there side Lolol. Cause they a catholic school!(:
Reminds me of a bank teller that told story of guy robbing bank and writing note on back of his pay stub
Will draft Courtney Upshaw, Peter Konz, or Alshon Jeffery...or trade down again?
He's so good that even though he is in the NBA its was still #jimmertime for byu tonight
Happy "Family Business Day" to all the other family businesses in Mass today!
Save $25 when you add kicking camp/specialty clinic to 4-day camp. Sign up by 5/15 to take advantage of these savings www.footballcamps.com
Four ballet parents and the teacher all wearing hoodies at class today GERALDO.
my favorite quote was I would have fined him more but yes it's a problem. Hahah pick a stance bro
It's definitely him......
i wud be sad u better not be thinking of deleting :o
hi there.
did you spot one of our posters? rumor has it they are out there in many places including DFC
Happy new year Coopsters! Hope to see your smile a little more often in the new year ;)
ok cool im a send it now
L’Etranger by is now in stock at NYC's (Howard St) and Los Angeles' (N. Vermont). Get one!
i dm you
what is it about the darkness that completely invades my creative senses.
nobody cares
Shopping with my mom.
It's Google's 12th birthday today. Let's get them an 800 lb. gorilla...
Rangers deserve to lose this game...Lundquist played horrible tonight #NYR$
since school is out im going to the library
I enjoy morning bus stop convos with kids and moms sharing book reading ideas to keep the babies reading; this weeks rec: Fablehaven.
I need a life with more money!!
love it - give em hell!
someone hang out with me.. other than (she smells)
Bed Bath and Beyond...if there's time.
thanks for the
say something else
RT Nothing more fun than a morning talking about Elizabeth Edwards Foundation & getting enthusiastic responses!
MY RADIO LOVES TO HARASS ME
Totally. Those Strobist peeps get all slobbery over him and are a little too rabid for my tastes.
That was my last piece of gum..
Running the marathon, half marathon, relay, or Urban 10-miler? Yes, you MUST come to Expo at Mile High - NO race day Packet Pick-Up..
Q4: What do you think about virtual author events - things like Livestream, Skyping or Shindig?
And I'll go with you! Stop by Atlanta to get me!
KD has the only gm winner that I can recall RT who would you say is an example of "clutch" right now in the playoffs?
Happy First Day of Spring!
Ready 4 whatever
thanks for the support.
I just earned the Nighthawk badge on #Yelp!
yup me too well we all live in San Antonio,I was at chickfila and this girl said she went to skool with him
oh you got jokes! Ehh? :-p
I know this sounds selfish, but I have Lowrie on my fantasy team, and he was robbed, and so was I!
so glad to sleep late
Ended the evening with friends and neighbors of the York Road Partnership. Something about that meeting was refreshingly...warm. Felt ni ...
I love me some KG. "The Kid" is getting better with age.
I MISS FYSH N CHICKS :(
you werent even following me, shut the hell up!! u never followed back! cause you suck!
": Hello RT : Hey the young lady I was telling you about is " 4sho ok luv
What do you call people that are on Pinterest a lot? Pinheads??
you are more than welcome boo
haha how do you become a classical human being
Siri remind me to tell edUi caterer no bananas RT :stakeholder interview participant brought a banana. I hate bananas even the smell
The day has flown by !yayyy
And that, ladies and gentlemen, is how you save baseball games.
So fun to plan your days around
we've spoken in the past, connected on linkedin. Saw you were in need of a SR. DEV. DM me I can help.
I can handle it
get to leave work and frolic in the sun... #goodfriday or #greatfriday?
Good analysis of suspensions on , tho they could find/create/use pictures of Rads & AK in current #Preds uniforms.
Heavy day at school- kids dealing with loss of student who passed away over the weekend. Found out the boy's dad is a leader in my BSF class
SomeDays i need a rewind Button!
What was your favorite part of freshmen orientation?
to go BEAR hunting.!
Why do we say sleep like a baby, when babies wake up every two hours at night? Doesn't sound like a good way to sleep...
Ranger game is on firstrowsports Thats where I'm watching online.
kelly is so mean to your cats
Are you a LMT, DC, or LAc? Do you need a place to practice? Two Suns Massage has space available! Call 503 449 5164 for details
anyone else order the Houdini wine kit thingy 3 weeks ago from ? I have yet to receive mine and I'm getting zero customer service..
Cedric &Jake told me they killed Spiderman... I`m sad noww ):
I live with the mentality of Tyler Durden and the principals of Hemingway
I think tonite I sacrifice sleep to get some quality studio time in.
"You don't know how much I got to lose. You don't know herlike I do"<3 - Brantley Gilbert
That was fast, did they run the kick back?
She is 11 month old today. And the countdown to 1 begins. I'm going to cry.
Get ready for trade show season & call us for your t-shirt & apparel printing. We print everything so give us a jingle. 1-866-755-9550.
feelin a lil lazy i need to talk to daisy :)
We are thrilled to have celebrity make-up artist to Jennifer Hudson be apart of our event!
When people say stupid stuff. >
Great pix ! Hope I can visit these grand buildings one day. O, wait - I live here! So nice to meet you yesterday ~
Check out pickfu.com - awesome market research tool!
I have not been on much lately. Sorry... Super busy! But I take y'all every were I go :) #burnhamonmyipod and
Thank you so much for taking the time to speak to us. I walked away with so much useful information.
I've been home alone since I woke up...
thank you :p
Clatsop Co. DA: Marques G. Foster of Seaside arrested on 2 counts of murder in connection to 2 bodies found. believed weapon, baseball bat
RG3: what an inspiration to the kids
"Education should be about collaboration, not cooperation!" Ray McNulty
Just took my ketchup-addicted father to Craft & Commerce. I brought a bottle of Heinz for his burger & fries (like me, he hates aioli)
We need your help. Please vote for Owens Harkey & Associates on www.rankingaz.com as the best advertising agency, PR firm in Arizona.
OH from kiddo: "Programming a computer and creating a government are both magical"
I want one! :( A loft, not a ladder. But then again, a ladder is pretty useful...
Chris Lee: Implicitly advocating for the death of baseball coaches.
Challenge yourself for you must fashion forms and images of the good you wish to do and have.
web site design insight for #libraries : ALWAYS put a link for staff/employee directory on homepage. sincerely, one frustrated researcher.
Amazing night, fabulous dinner with my favorite men plus got to see Holly_Shiver? Who do I think I am?!
#TeamHeat D Wade putting it on dat #Lin boy & #Chalmers been shutting his azz down all game....Da King working on Melo
Late at night waiting for a guy to sweep you off your feet because HE doesn't, just leave him, you deserve much more than you think
I didn't really much want a good 2nd half to be honest.
Going shopping in a little :)
doesnt change the sentiment
We fight, we break up. We kiss, we make up.
LOL. I have many "corporate" Twitter accounts that I follow, but everyone on /people has a pulse (as far as I know).
just got home from work. do I have homework? yeah. am I gonna do it? maybe next week.
hi... do i know you?
LOL! You're a devious SOB with a poor sense for finding assassins!
Is it impossible, electric curling irons circa WWI?
too bad I was at practice?
Gators on one right now vs Norfolk
And the worst overall ERA in majors: 6.10
Forecast for Tuesday: Showers with a slight chance of thunderstorms in the morning. Then scattered showers and...
clearly bloomberg reads my twitter
Why can't I live in Florida. So much better then Indiana. <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4>
Ron Paul's answer about eliminating TSA and FEMA gives one a good idea what Ron Paul land looks like.
Thanks to my genius brother, Joel R. Voss, who's helping me with my experimental server at home.
Ever been driving and stop and eat at a McDonalds in a gas station and realize you are the problem?
hey i got a new number. imma send it to you
So you and are on the chocolate bandwagon? Interesting.
bitches stay moist for your vitamin D
HEY EVERYONE!
Thanks for the follow Kyrie and Sam!
"Justin Bieber is in the house!"...President has also ordered Seal Team 6 to go "in the house"..
Austinites have endorsed Gonzalez to theme "Let's Do This Austin!" But, does Austin really need a State Rep seat in El Paso?
yeah I'm with Verizon now.
Do you get to wear a tux?
And Giants win!!! YEAH BUDDY!(:
I got some hit singles In the making - you want produce the album
I think we can hit our renewable energy targets by harnessing hot air coming from GOP Congressmen. Problem solved!
he was a Bro then and he's a Bro now
Well its stormin here in lebanon bored and im just sittin here listen and yeah lol
It sucks being stuck at school. I want to be at #chi2012 with all the other cool people.
Madison I'm going to miss America so bad I had such a great time !!! Gonna miss being in the same country as you !!! Headinghome
I'm sure your throat can take a beating. :-D
Join us for lunch today the best BBQ PORK sandwiches in town.
That's the F-Market, which is a streetcar. You're thinking of cable cars, which get called trolleys, streetcars, etc. Welcome btw
curve cologne
Nah, it just means you're a good twitizen.
Problem with for me nowadays ... more heat than light. Did anyone learn anything today? We will see.
yeah saw my hubby last night and my dad met him 4 1st time
Glued on TV, watching how the big boys do things. Dad always said, in order to be the best you first must learn from the best!
who will be 1,000 follower? RT : one more until steak dinner. Double butter!
A coffee shop where everyone is talking to each other? We must not be in Seattle anymore...
RT : That's the new Ancestry DNA test which I also did
When will you be in DC again?
These 85º May days in Austin are freaking me out a little bit. Not complaining. Nope, just enjoying the weird, cool weather.
well... Do you wanna go shopping tomorrow? :D
lmao! True...but it is a long way there... Or ale house for heat game first then tootsies
I'm feeling good from my head to my shoes...
Bare with us on the website... its being redesigned... but look for us in your grocery store. We're all #organic, and low calorie
Yum. Green chile venison.
Hoping my son will feel better soon
Gm, time to get up and start my day..
My work here is done!
Why does this recall election remind me of Celebrity Death Match on MTV? If only life was as simple as claymation. Wait...
Going A Day of Foster.ly this weekend
Grt news! MT When it opens Rosedale RC will include 1 of DCs 1st playgrounds w/equipment for residents w/disabilities. Awesome!
Fun Raising At Zuma North is a fun & easy way to raise money for your organization!
kids these days... :)
good! me to yayyy *finally* hehe
Fair food>>>>
So your job is to make traffic a nightmare for people on St Pete Beach? Oh, right, then you get to cover it. Got it.
w.e I would Justin over all of them then there would be Caden right next to Justin and the rest on the bottom
lol u wuld say that date tho u n shae got all the money
Hey, mothers are people too. People who like sex. With discount condoms.
DAMN MY CAPS BUTTON IS STUCK
Just went and bought new 3 FOR 3. I know what I'm listening to tonight! :D
whenever u free love. The thrift close at 6 I think though just lemme know
Theres been #Reports that a women was having #9 babies at once Well it was a
Governor Walker's sons go to public school?? I didn't know! (Oh wait, it's the 15th time he's said it on this panel)
I am really, really excited about this weekend!
My Ex ? Yea, I'd Hit That ! With A TRUCK !
Salido vs Lopez. Fight of the year contention. What a great fight.
PLEASE!! follow me :) loved your character Peeta Mellark and I love you and I Just Loved the book :D
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you know how to play PC games
they are signed by la reid . OMG ! i wanna know so BAD !!
Still amazed at how much hearing about couples divorcing punches me in the gut. I was 9 when mine did. No judgment, but divorce just sucks.
you look like :) Both so gorgeous!
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
Oh sorry I'll stop tweeting at you then :P
you forgot to add "Fergodsakes!" coach.
And I know it's hard to believe, but the slight delay is not just to inconvenience you. Really. Please talk quieter. Thanks.
We will be asking the first question in just a minute! Thanks for joining.
Welcome So glad you were able to join us tonight :)
i stayed up all night it 5:31
that would be a fun slot tho..
Last first day! GO!
huge burn
been chilling
vehicle break in lastnite here at home now have a 4 channel cam system recording all nite every nite!!
so im gonna die soon what do you have to say to that?
As C. Barkley would say, turrible
Troy Calhoun as the next Broncos Head Coach??
Mother's Day-time 2 remember & celebrate incredible gifts God has given us in special people 2 love & nurture & appreciate-reflection of Him
LOVE YOU, KAILEY. :)
Me too! Well, Sunday.
Oh how i miss you
live it, breathe it
If you want something done right, do it yourself.
Boston market wit my baby and the fam :-D
just sold a dress found 1994 at a Tegernsee Bavaria restaurant's parking lot to a girl in #Friedrichshain YEAH
Barrett gets endorsement of current and former Madison mayors including Cieslewicz, who Falk helped get elected in 2003
We are in Hermosa Beach at the Jose Quervobeach vollyball tournament!! Come on down!!
no we just haven't talked or seen each other
Why was the last 5 minutes pixelated on Directv?
morning to you
The person I love to follow the most is I truly love this guy, he has helped me GROW a lot...lov him like a father...
Mother&#39;s Day: Where to book reservation now
tough talk for now...
Happy birthday to the best sister ever loves you!!!
followed bro, give me a shout out!
Just chilling this morning with the family, its my day off.
More Black On Then A Fucking Repass.
#ThankYouAlexConstancio for supporting Austin I really appreciate it you have been with him through every thing and you'll stay with him.
Jersey shore tonight bitches yay<U+E056><U+E022>
So many memories.
I love that you two know each other!
Chicken butt haha
#NeverHaveIEver wanted to look up a dress until now. gotta love kilts
College is important, without it we wouldn't have college football-Tim Allen So go to school so I can watch yo team compete for the title.
Beard-less for the first time since I can remember.
Dear people who do not like tattoos, I don't and never will understand you.
Goin to see a man about a horse. #Keeneland bound Wish me luck!
Finished my first workout since twisting my ankle. Stuck with cardio machines that didn't require a lot of balancing.
please wish a happy birthday!
if you can leave feedback that would be awesome as well! Thanks for the support!
im pretty sure you said that about twitter too hah..
Congratulations to Team Triple Crown player Becca Ledford for making the USA Volleyball High Performance team this year.
Exhausted after shooting today's funeral scene, ready for singing along with the Sound of Music tonight! Attitude adjustment time, eh? :D
case study: 'gamer thoery' is what they call their 'first networked book'
Drawing up the headings for the book's index, and, um, it's actually kind of fun.
The upright splice is specially shaped to fit inside the upright tight against the side flange.
Hope everyone has a safe, blessed, and Happy Thanksgiving! There's nothing greater than spending time w/ family for the holidays.
Lady just left bathroom without washing hands... Gets me everytime!
yeah, just posted on FB. LOL. UH-OH!
#DontYouHateWhen you finish reading a book and suddenly feel lonely and depressed because you aren't spending time in that "world" anymore?
RT : We're now on Twitter! Follow us for green tips and solutions to your home cleaning needs!
Who's ready for the weekend?
GOOD MORNING LOVELY FOLLOWERS!!:))
and yes the NBA is kind of rigged its geared toward super stars and heat will get alot of calls
I am dating the hottest most amazing man on earth.
we do some awesome rock star tattoos as well!
These hiccups won't go away
god damn koala bear
Being a seasoned journalist means you're spicy! You deserve the recognition.
aw those are really helpful words. they said the same about Sperantsa and now we're partnered with Apple and soon cancer clinics!
hahaha. Nah. We're pretty much on the same level ;)
what ballpark is in your twitter background pic? Racking my brain & can't figure it out.
I'm at and everyone but me is in sweatpants.. yep, I must be on a college campus
I'm not claiming a lack of bias with media trackers. If the JS did their job, media trackers wouldn't have to.
Thank you for the #FF!
sounds good
Though, how did Granger not get a foul for clubbing James on the head?
Real tears are not those that fall from the eyes and cover the face, But those that fall from the heart and cover the soul
(Me: Defining new ontology is pretty easy. Defining a sound one rather harder. Defining one everyone impt agrees on lots harder.)
": my partners & just hit #3 on the top 100 Dubstep release charts!"
This conversation...
Thanks for being a supporter !!!
nice to see a tweet from you. Does it get dark in Portland at 4 pm like it does in Chi?
and remember #JoeDenim says,"If ignorance is bliss than brilliance is this!"
how were our films received this weekend? #Cinematographer Extraordinaire lol!
let me talk to becky - theo may be a little tiny for this but we could go
Long day?
Upload music, comics, ebooks, photos and more..
if thats the case youre welcome to bring the info and receipts to our board mtg tues
Aww cute! Yes keep me updated!!
Going to #Chicago in a couple hours #funtimes ahead
"Why do guys likee tongue"-lexxi "cause they want action ;D trust me imma sex therapist"-me LMFAAOO! <U+2665>
You can't manifest desires through clouds of fear, neediness, or clinginess.
You'd have to contact the person who runs that one - Chris Kenton, CEO of SocialRep
Being uninteresting!
crows gotta eat
Just ran the MIT Beaver Dash, my 1st 5K! Perfect day for it, too.
im back
I have to wait in line at #SprintStore just to get a gift card. At least 3 sales people walking around. Service fail.
we are open everyday except Easter and Christmas!
“: I want a donut.” wrapped in bacon. Just sayin
Na! I even gave him a big tip. Figured if I went nuts, he'd be like, "SEE?! Your gay dad fucked you up."
We have only had to say this once, "Sir, I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to leave."
Don't rush it! It'll come when it comes.
haha, baby napping, guess what I'm doing?
President Kessler talking about substance abuse being addressed this #wvleg session
Talked with an English professor a few days ago who collects ancient samurai weapons and writes books about those weapons.
oh yes. Groin blasts en masse.
Tx for the interview promo. Hope you are buzzing with business!
Fri; sat. Ask around, it don't getting much better. , for list/tables.
#nowplaying Theory Hazit --I Just Wanna Come Home. <U+E00E>
Some much needed Twitter maintenance done! Lists, lists, and more lists. A little cosmetic touch-up to www.championtutoring.com as well.
it's been a great day!
lol i got one i just got wait to use it on a international phone dick head
#YouKnowWhat against popular belief Twitter is not an online diary.
Don't forget to check out Friday Troupe's FREE Improv show "Menos Uno" at Elise's Tea Room tomorrow 7:30pm!
Me to! ;) I really hope it doesn't snow where I'll be in Washington O.o
we drove around for about 10 minutes then went to house and watched forgetting sarah marshal
Can't believe that the 1st is now behind us... Thanks to all that made this week a reality & success. Bring on 2013.
I think I'll submit a formal report on the and email issue.
#Vegas it's tomorrow can't wait to meet and with my mom Darlene and <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
get out of my stadium you angel fan...
Question about "this means war" - were they related??
When I fathom all the war in the world, I can't help but think that the devil's greatest power is his ability to pretend to be God!
I just got back to the city. Will be hitting Uptown espresso before I go to work :D
Low battery again!
Makin my way downtown. Walkin fast sum sum sum. Nanananananana
images in from Brian Lesteberg, Christopher Wurzbach, Sandy Dyas, Katie Koti and Ben Huff - 17 to go
anyone know how to get firebug to not hide non-moz vendor prefixes?
You're so adorable. <3
when does it come out?? i want to see tht too! he was so good in dear john ! have u seen tht movie?
Thank you for the retweet!!
The death penalty needs to be abolished in our country.
mobb deep quiet storm
Kiss me, I'm Irish. Happy St Patrick's Day!!
lol let's do it! I'm seriously okay with watching it on a Friday night too.. haha
Great Article!! TopTierLegalGroup.com - the only trusted source for finding the best attorneys in the area!
Thanks for the follow!
Stop teasing daddy lol!
I support Dannon's Cups of Hope Program. Go to cupsofhope.com to make at least a $.10 donation to National Breast Cancer Foundation.
Two things I cant wait for. #Packers football and NCAA 13!
oh goodness! He's so cute. How old?
Creating a libguide on #Springshare, who knew it could be so much fun?
Sure. We have 21 libraries using RFID.
Have you spotted my boyfriend out & about in Nash yet? Check the coffee shops.
A wise man once said, "The harder I work, the luckier I get." Look at how are "lucky."#April 27-28....
haha, you like that one?! That would be amayyyyyyzing
Looking forward to a beautiful night at the Botanic Gardens with India Arie! :-)
y u giving me the silent treatment ? Lol
nf looking foward to the clothing line project bro! whats midpoints twitter?
#FF B4 the US gov't drafts you and strips your body for mutant cyborg drone parts:
I'm happy you are following. Thank you:
Stop lol": RTRTRT": Niggas say they so in love but yet they still be texting the next bitch #RealTalk""
April Fools from us and He was in on the gag and we couldn't resist playing along! #ResurrectionSunday returns next SUNDAY!!
I played kickball today. At least I got to cross home once. In the process, busted my ankle. Conclusion? I have no business kicking anything
morning :) thanks for the Twitter love <3
RepubLIEcans proved yesterday that talk of spending reduction is just hot air as they voted to keep giving millions to big oil
Twitter is Quit and boring !!! I bet that is not here (•<U+0361>_•<U+0361> ) ROCK my timeline \(<U+02D8><U+25BF><U+02D8>)/
I want a dog named We Go now.
the white wizard approaches, and his techno is bad ass
Sounds good. Probably bean burrito too.
Why does the General have a penguin?
Thanks for your Tweet Steve! Any additional thoughts and feedback is appreciated.
I blame Kareem jackson
hi Kim from Milwaukee, WI... Just wondering how old is your oldest daughter?
hey watsup...found u on twitter =]
Verizon u tease!!! Philly LA woulda been an awesome final
never fails
Yes he does ! C:
Fried chicken barbecue corn beef and fried Cabbage <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Florida, you've been nothing but nice to me today. Stay this way for the next seven days, alright?
All we'd ever need -Lady Antebellum
it's not strep but my doctors an idiot and was like well take this and go home.. So I really don't know. I'm not contagious.
thanks for the follow! Ever been hiking in #Illinois? I wonder what the best spot is?
La Piojera, a bar/restaurant in Santiago breaks all restaurant rules & its the coolest place in town. When can retail break the rules?
Obviously....sports can be a serious risk to your health, because the bobcats are killing me! Fun to be at the game...for a while anyway :(
This is the make or break year for Chan. Nix has done his job, let's hope Fitzy is ready
I Told Essence , Murad Likes Girls w. Small Butts , Then I Was Like That Mean He Likes You , And She Said That Means He Likes You Too -.-
thanx bro! much love!
Played final Spring soccer game last night. Glad I got the season after not getting cleared until a week before with the broken foot....
what did u have for dinner.
yay!! I have plans tomorrow look at my loser life all I do is play sports and do homework
A president whispered missile weapons secrets the Russians? Really? Who? Don't be coy if you are going to make accusations.
Seriously I change my nail color every week or every day .
Condom Slogans No. 2: Don't be a loner, cover your boner.
no beans for me please...lol
Just signed up for the webinar with Chef Geoff! Can't wait to hear his recipe for success in food and cookbooks!!
50 apps already submitted to RIM for the PlayBook via App World
u remind me of a boy that I once new
wild pitch advances the runners
Cool! I asked Ava what we should go for my 40th in a couple of yrs. she said, "Go to space!" haha! I'd just puke the whole time.
listening to new Anberlin
twitcon is awesome.
Why is "Pretty Woman" on ABC Family?
What's that bright thing in the eastern sky?
Yea Lmao Idk Why She Even Cut Her Hair She Look Like A Boy
congrats on the new baby boy!!
Choices are always present even when they appear not to be.
I was talking to my black thigh high boots today while playing w/phone thinking it was my dog. #preoccupied. Thank God I'm not a Mom. Geeze.
Attention OVS members and friends in their 20’s and 30’s: Join us for a fun 1.5-mile hike through Sweetwater Creek Park on May 23 at 10 AM!
#SuperBowl Wow a huge sack and now only 38 seconds to score, but a long fourth down just to keep this drive going.
Poop your pants and shut the fuck-up GIANTS fan.Enjoy hostess filed for bankruptcy!ENJOY THE SHOW.
Hate it when I "lost" a student... just read an uncommitted, just adequate essay from a student who used to have fire. Reflecting on path.
Watch out youtube, my #ukulele practicing is gonna pay off big time.
I know, right. Le sigh indeed :(
I am getting tired of all the negativity people put out there.
Ahlstrand - 8 commty colleges + 7 workforce boards in SE Michigan IDing key data points, how to avoid duplication of services
Pulled up to volleyball practice with cult of personality just coming on. Walked into practice yelling BEST IN THE WORLD!
“: #NoManShouldEver make eye contact with another man while eating a banana.”
You inspire me with your passion for our culture
when does the next good vibes come out?
Whoa Whitney Houston is gone. Way too young.
Eat this! Quinoa is a drink, too
I Love Cartoons...It Keeps Me Calm
The uptown city streets are buzzing today. Beautiful day in
Headed to Germany for #SpaceTweetup this weekend. Will visit Speyer Tech Museum on Mon and view the Soviet Space Shuttle Buran test vehicle.
That. Is. Awesome.
Thompson July 4 hours update: opening Sat. July3 at 8 a.m. (not 10 a.m. as posted previously)
we blew past 10k ....haha, have a good day girl
Oh so tired but can't sleep...... Ugh!
It's time to get out of your own way. Act like you want to be blessed!
Goodnight Milwaukee, you were a fun ass crowd this weekend, only shows us how crazy this summer is going to be..
Mixtape Meltdown presents DJ Bud Sweet/Vinyl Fetish, post/punk, Gang of 4 ticket giveaway, buttons, $2 PBRs & more tonight at !
“: A quince at a ballroom for 200 <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>” "but we don't want you to mix. Just let the song play out" I give them the (~__~ t)
Been off Twitter for a minute but yes, please correspond! I'm at hm.otterbein (at) gmail these days.
what up pretty boy....no rainbow
Interesting video via dealing with Mark Davis (ref) and C's in a previous game…
Never thought I would be Twitter spammed by the President. I get it already, we should contact our Congress people.
- don't hate, you just don't understand the bond that me and have
BRING BACK BIG JOHN!
you both need to tie your shoes cuz you guys are tripping breakfast is terrible
Kevin Na has now gotten a new sponsor. He is proud to now be the "official golfer of Entmoot"
That's weird. I don't like it when the city changes a person's polling place. Esp. making it far away from work.
Fuck this place. #Seriously. I need to find another job. Because this shit makes me want to shoot myself.
dear YouTube. If you remove a video due to whatever kind of complaint. Please remove from my favorties list, queue or whatever. thx.
“: Next season's National Champs will be _______________.” The Texas Longhorns!!
those things are amazing.
#icanttrustyouif you are always looking around like you're being followed by Joey Greico and Cheaters
absolutely! Planning my Summer vacation now
What a game!
nice to meet you! “: thanks for the introduction, i feel special!”
If there was ever anyone who DIDN'T need more money from their one thing, it's the woman who wrote "What to Expect When You're Expecting."
#imagine Austin telling you - My next song is going to be JUST FOR YOU - <U+2665>
what's up Kenny?
how does it save $?
Just landed in
Very nice! You got the high card of the day. Can't wait to see you May 19th for Down The Rabbit Hole.
I hear rock! I knew a guy who was in the band. Have fun.
That would be hilarious! She's going to miss us all so much....
yeah you can't beat that. you really can't.
Yes King! Could de I do some jingle/drop for the radio show: "R.U. IRIE"? Sat 6-10pm Wrsu/88.7fm NJ Blessed- RED ROSE
as long as YOUR tank is as full as MY talk......
OMG!! MAP testing was so easy!!! Everyone at our school was like Stressing out over it, but now im like why did the teachers stress us out!!
Yay! Eric and I just saw you on TV. We were like, "We know her!" Eric wants to bid on a"wolf in snowy scene" painting. :)
Now I'm in Oak Park, re-learning what 'hospitality' means. Thanks Hannah.
It would be nice if Meryl Streep ever looked like she tried to look nice for an awards show
thanks for asking! We start at K applications on the website of each school. Cityneighborsfoundation.org
would love to see the crippler I saw vs Akiyama again. #Fan4life after that scrap. Good luck to you CL
#NowPlaying The Notorious B.I.G. – Greatest Hits on
you gonna be in the burg over thanksgiving?
q2) Anyone show examples of end results?
AWESOME! I NEED NEW GEAR, IM GOING TO GO PRAY TO THE MUISIC GODS NOW.
#WeLoveLouisTomlinson ^_^ CARROTS, STRIPES, SUSPENDERS!!! your my superman <3
Glad to hear it!
idk what to do with my life lulz
/ funnyBUZ is a hard card, no doubt! That's why the targets are worth so much...
so true. love that... credibility is a responsibility. well said.
Brah I miss you man lol
I'm a bitch when people don't understand what I'm saying.
STUDY: Couples Fight An Average Of 167 Times A Year In The Bedroom. Really?! What do you fight about in there??
These headphones <<<
DW is great so far. I just have a short attention span for things right now. I know I couldn't survive 9 seasons of OTH.
good suggestions.
RT : Do you have water damage from the flood and need to store your valuables? Let us know, we can help!
Listening to the new ADAM LAMBERT CD TRESPASSING- it is FIRE!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks for the tweet! We will be posting new songs every couple weeks too! It's always nice to see people help local music!
Battle of the beaten and the Red Sox walk away unbeaten #itsgonnabealoooongseason or #atleastitsaloooooongseason??
Samsung Shows Why 'Thin Is In' for Chips, Hard Drives, HD TVs
You and your relationships disgust me
Do you have the app for nandos!?:)
Actually, he was a birther before he evolved...": Obama wasn’t born in Kenya, except when he claims he was born
HAPPY HALLOWEEN FROM YOUR FRIENDS AT CAGESTARS. WILL YOU GET A TRICK OR A TREAT?
Great sign of a great sunny day- I got my RYDER ROCKERS on...ROCK ON with your RYDER ROCKERS ON!
come pick me up hoe
Don't let your nightmares pollute your dreams.
Why is there hardly ever any hot construction workers? #Sigh maybe so I pay attention to the roads lol
Dude, can David Milch catch a break on HBO? (hopefully not the kind of break that leads to euthanasia, of course)
no hard feelings! It was some automated thing I saw an ad for and my boredom got the best of me.
Shadowing a librarian at the Ref Desk for my health sciences library internship
LOL RT : Jan Brewer saw a brown man at the airport and simply thought he was an illegal. It's a simple mistake people.
that someone is saying not nice things about me (I'm using my filter!!!) do I change my PW too??!!?
Relay races followed by Benadryl.
When people ask you "are you talkin to somebody?" & you really have no clue if you are or not..
All your hopes, prayers and wishes can come true. It’s more likely if you spend less time daydreaming and do something, though.
thats all moms
This shower better wake me up.
Saturday morning business mtg.
Reecees cafe is now on twitter follow us for great deals
my love for you is grand
I know right lol. We have the weirdest relationship right now though so it's cool. I didn't exactly wanna go anyway lololol
so i heard back in the day you were cast into a flubber worm...?
I would be but it's POURING and HAILING in New Orleans right now!
late reg is open until 4 pm
I hear that...stupid having to be a responsible adult!
#Amendment1 vote means we can now all confidently go back to having gutter-low expectations of the state that kept Jesse Helms in office.
Searching for inspirational definitions of creativity for school mission. Need something visionary.
Great. You have a cool picture
back to reality...im still going tho'!
Sorry I've been somewhat MIA. The play I'm in opens tonight. Meanwhile, I hate making computer-generated labels. Hate.
wait a minute... I can Airplay apps to my Apply TV? Or just video from apps?
fine with me, as long as we dont get chased by these dominicans lol
Gonna whack some Beasties on!
Don't forget fresh fit tmrw night!! Come visit sperantsa at our table in Kane!!
House party tonight wid the Girls lmbo Finna town still on single girl grind !(:
really hoping the UPS guy leaves my new total 90s at my door for my game tonight and not the leasing office which will be closed
Yeah I ain't needed to be included in your response lol
I never Saw That Coming They Were So Cute Together .
Is that a Joke or are you just hating:p Lol
I want a house with a barn someday! Random, I know.
Thank you RT : looking forward to seeing the changes
#oomf texted me "pots tonight? Ohh wait your in Miami "
Rihanna's lesbian too?! WTF. I'm so late... My mom seriously thinks this lesbian thing is a trend. I won't disagree. No Homophobia though.
Creepy white van creeping on my bus!
RT "The greatest glory of living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time you fall" #NelsonMandela 1998
Those were the fastest awards I have ever been to
Pssst.. we will be posting some giveaways and freebies soon. Keep your eyes peeled friends!
Z turned over on his belly while sleeping and I'm very cautiously allowing him to stay there. He looks so comfy!
Why Are we All Just Striving to Succeede When In The End, We Just Die. And No One Will Remember Us Or The Things We Had Accomplished..( ._.)
Well, the whole class isn't conservative, but all the talking of politics is.
Good Morning !!! You always tell the twitter world that... And I want to say it to you GOD loves you and I love you too!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
Getting ready to head up to Wisconsin Dells for the weekend!
Officially back in Boston! Can't believe I went 2 weeks without seeing !
- Invisible Children is not a responsible nor honest NGO yet its campaign success demonstrates the power of viral marketing
"A duodene of birdnotes, chirruped bright treble answer under sensitive hands..the keys, all twinkling..life."JJ Happy Easter
This Bitch got BOSS on one titty and BITCH across the other you Cant mess with that
congrats - excited for you!!
Say wat u want about me....my character class and personality speaks for itself ;)
the one thing really pushing vim for me is a unified editor on almost any machine I'm on. Pretty would be nice, though.
“The road of life twists and turns and no two directions are ever the same. Yet our lessons come from the journey, not the destination.”
we still had tatoo plans in store
Just watch Cheers.
so does mine
On my way to Gainesville!! Go Gators!!
Turn up
Waiting in Gov's office for Human Trafficking bill signing ceremony to begin.
Who inspired you to take control of your heart health? Has your mission to get healthy inspired family members or friends to do the same?
Bless you, emailed reference question! Something to take my mind off the fact that I feel like grim death. GRIM, mind you.
#Texas fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#Temple #Texas)
He probably got annoyed with us cause we talked to him to long. xD
Some stuff on my TL just urks me. And it's ALWAYS the same person.
Need a new twitcon.
I needed it to God gave it to both of us
Buy one get one free at qdoba!!
Im offically addicted to baby Food.strawberries and bananas...str8 out The jar no spoon
A teabagger's daughter recently got married. When the preacher said, "God bless this union" the bagger slugged him
what a great meeting today.. Thank you for broacasting it... lots of information.. Thanks again
Hiro:Momma dem black cars gonna get us!!! XD Oh god his wannabe black voice is hilarious.
Well -- it's a tasting right? You could always ask "where's the spit bucket?" and act like your friends with
Russia's Putin reelection is met with violent protests! Yet, France's voters failed to connect the short path from socialism to communism...
met sloth from the goonies !
Need to get on my Twitter grind.
told you.
Any person who contributes to prosperity must prosper in turn. -E. Nightingale
Now on tumbler!!
oh right. Shows you how much I know about baseball.
I fully trust #Browns front office. I didn't want Weeden, but they did. I'll defer to Heckert lol. #GoBrowns!!
Check out my new offical twitter account. Follow Las Vegas #1 Source for Nightlife and VIP Entertainment Services..
The weekend is almost over, plenty of time for a little more fun though, am I right?
Does the Xmas tree not represent his birth!!
sippin on remy whether he likes it or not and got budlight onthe side! :)
Cue the "well if they're in it at the All Star break..." talk for the
Im Tripping
i am!!! :D I have been waiting forever for a video from u!<3 RT- “: Who's ready for more YouTube videos?”
you always just "sit around" haha
There's nothing I can do
"Perseverance overcomes intelligence, and I am a classic example of that" tells Topic: Federal regulations
Shout out to the other Justin Malizia in Louisana!!!
I want panera.& i want chipolte!
Cuomo: Minimum Wage Hike This Year &quot;In Order&quot; | New York Daily ...
then aren't coaches and trainers to blame for not managing minutes properly?
Grizz gotta win 2 str8, can it be done
Thinking about renting a limo and picking up some my friends....
When the Thought of Attempting with you Crosses My Mind, I just see a Big ass Yellow Sign that says "Caution"
The more you fuck w/ me the more you get. NBS! #TeamFreak.! <3
Excuse me but stop acting like your ariana not believing in fighting.U arent Ariana.
NEW POSH THE SALON TWITTER IS UP AND RUNNING!!
this me gurl iI use my momma name(may her soul rest in peace)....Shout OUT >>>FOllow ME...WHaeva im new to this but much my fun!
She can love you good but I can f@&$ you better
naw folks im on dat bitch i bet not see u
One tree hill problems are not like real life problems " hm which really attractive girl should I pick" this never happens
I'm starving! M
freshly paved highway !
Join us for session II screenings and presentations at 9am Following the presentations celebrate with cupcakes!!
": Yu suppose to b at school!!!! and u on twitter nawl jk"......LOL!! I need a day off
you are so welcome. :) Hope your day is filled w/ joy!
The bat mitzvah celebration is about to begin!
well Rosie, I do hospice 11years. And Grant wishes. Have a great day! Bless you and yours!....
icing my stitches with a tequila bottle...#whateverworks! Happy #NationalMargaritaDay!
entrepreneurs who understand deliberate perseverance
This RT : Missing the days of the bowler hats and mod uniforms, none of which are in evidence here.
Holy Bieber! Just got #BOYFRIEND on itunes! ...you did it again:)
as you know i am the other half of grannies on safari so check out my other twitter page
Have a great weekend #Nashvillians!
Bored to death but mad and lonely
Congrats to of on finishing the today!
Hey man you rock, love the podcast!
So Newt want's to debate the Prez? He'd better be careful in what he asks for.
Thanks for the plug for our show with Robert Cray tomorrow! Always appreciate what you guys do for us!
I like it!
of course it went up, how do you think I paid for my two bentleys.
nice job on temple run. Took you long enough haha
I Have nothing against a #furry it just was like whoa, why are these space marines animals? Ah well, their art was still awesome <3
yo yo hopefully you can follow miseducation of dolla goes classic i get goosebumps jus listenin it has to be hard
awe, poor leprechaun :'( And Florida, U.S. (:
Wonderful teaching awards ceremony and banquet last night. Congrats to and (among others) for their awards.
RT:Happy #ThirstyThursday!Hope everyone's ready for their $1 #bartab drinks to start the weekend early! & #Football is on!
concert was craeeeezy......loved it...they really know how to party unfortunately wasnt there but hope you get better soon..
We've been writing some killer new tunes! Cant wait 2 share them with you! Visit our .com & join our mailing list so we can connect with u!
#YouKnowYouBrokeWhen you ask a homeless man for money lol
It isn't cheating if you keep your fingers crossed during sex.
It's not your fault, it's not your fault <3 :3
Happy New Year!
Thank you Antioch University New England for a lovely commencement visit! Off to Oakland.
Man it's way to cold...its fuckin april
Use a shovel instead of a snowblower this winter, not only does it give you a good work out but it is more eco-friendly!
Quit talking to yourself! Jk it's cute when u talk to urself :)
That says troll lol lol etc. Ha ha.
Thank you so much for the RT! Have a wonderful evening!
Well yeah! But we already know this.
Cracks me up when people say "OMG, please help me get to 1,000 followers! Only 23 to go!" You know there ain't a prize, right?
In the fitness room at a hotel in Ohio there's a sign above the weight scale that says "use at your own risk".
we shood take one tomorrow
Vinyl party tonight. New Radiohead. New Blackfield. That's a good night.
Man....I am jamming your album on a daily basis. :) I can't wait to see you in Oakland this weekend!
Thank you for following us. We look forward to your tweets too :)
The only thing I want for #Christmas is... a viable Democratic candidate for WI governor's #recall - Too bad says he's out.
I just parked 3 blocks from the Lincoln Room to avoid parking at Horton Plaza. Why does it seem so much easier????
That's was a REAL insult to cv taxpayers!
I'm gonna guess thyme
Thanks, Jon. Sometimes a more careful and considered set of policies produce the best results. I learned that from you!
thinkin it's be nice to work for myself fulltime by the end of this year
And THAT is how you win 9 straight playoff road games.
HoeLies #55: He came over so I can twist his hair.
I'm on the phone with At&t & she just asked me have I ever heard "Lookin Boy" -_____-
TRIPLE D WHERE YOU AT
im off on a journey, a journey of sleep that is.
but if remembered and mastered I think it could be an excellent communications tool.
Lucky for the Giants that wasn't a battle of goatees, because Ryan Vogelsong would have no chance against Todd Helton.
YouTube search result will give option to start playing right at the search term where found in captioned video. Cool.
The Political Hurricane is putting FL HD30 from being a toss up to slightly Democratic.
Today's the day.
Great food! RT The Chicago Bulls take on the Bucks tonight at the UC. Tip off: 7PM. Join us for some pre-game dinner & drinks
I never realized how yummy cinnamon rolls are.
you'd be lucky.
How are those Sharks, Wings and Canucks?
Time to relax, just stuffed myself with some great Spanish food with the fam... Ahh gotta love some good food!!
You're saving the Brewers' report for last aren't you?
!!!!!!! “: Why Do People Make Fanpages Of Irrelevant People?”
I'm getting a workout from dancing in a children's musical.
Yeahh Buddy!Now you got me hype ! im in my chair moving all around ! :) ima be hype looking like this! :D
listening to other peoples trauma makes me shake my head at humanity. It's worse than any horror movie. Today was one of those days
YO WHERE IS IT BOY! IM ABOUT TO BURN DOWN THE FREAKIN WHOLE THING! Sir, Calm Down. You McNuggets are under the napkins...
with the risk of vulgarity, that is what she said.
I want you & all #Marines to roll up your sleeves! MT I am the 99%, and I want to roll my sleeves, dammit!
ITS MY TWITTER ACCOUNT'S ONE YEAR BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!
sounds like fun!
(Two classic Belle & Sebastian records released within a year of each other!)
#tuckercarlson - says the Republican primary is like burning man, but with less nudity because you don't know what will happen. Word!
Current reading material: S-Troupe Year Eight applications.
your twit pic is cray. Like Einstein.
#Mavs will heed Dirk's words: "Shut it down, let's go home..."
Sharp dressed man - ZZ Top
I been voting every week! I hope you win!
RT : Congratulations to Super Bowl XLIV MVP on being named Sportsman of the Year by
No, thank you!
Don't you know, I don't give a number two?
Lyfe Jennings - Let's Stay Together
Prepping for surgery
tweeting from Puerto Montt. I'll pay the extravagant fee on the boat and try from the Chilean Fjords.
have you been drinking? You got Luke Donald winning this week and #1 ? Have you heard about Rory he's pretty good. #PGA #Golf :)
tomorrow night at skullys!
Follow me
Thou shall not worship false Billy Idol's.
essential gamer food groups, fueling an intrepid voyager.
little man's asleep...bout to get this workout in
Ever worked as a bartender, server, chef? Check out - We R creating a new funny series U will love!! Follow us -
Wine mimosas and Sun King bloody mary's Locals Underground tent until 4pm today. Full beer and wine bar also available.
She went to the gym without me..........knowing I wanted to work out.............says I needed sleep..........she's right but fuck that lol
itsbou ya radio thing... u gota emailicanhit u up on?
thank god it's beach time.this weekend. Just realized I resemble casper.
I miss my friend.
Must keep eyes open
RT : We may not be able to control everything that happens in this life, but we certainly have control over how we respond to...
your really pretty.Kbye(:
RT : #MOMeo Tip: Think about the lessons you are teaching your kids. Be that kind of entrepreneur.
Klochebag score: 29-mostly alright. Whatever.
Tons of #World Cup coverage in 1 place USSportspages.com
“It isn’t only the health department anymore talking about the health of our nation... It’s really all of us.” -Sec. Sebelius at
More like displeasure. I wanted to celebrate winning last night and now I have to wait a week. =[ Not fair RuPaul!!!
No way - Kacey rocks the house - she's amazing & first to welcome me here!
all your tweets five words
omg me too! Lol
did you know that all Nowhere Records music is Pod Safe? now you do
GREAT show tonight for opening for Adrenaline Mob. Saw Mike Portnoy backstage on the way in: was checking out Xander's band!
I love all my haters this y I live and stay more stronger today!:)
yes it is!! so damn good!
Christian Leader Criticizes Romney's Remarks on Chen Case - Wall Street Journal (blog)
Thank god for my iPhone
I found myself crying again last night. Whhhhhhyyyyyy?!
"You can tell me that there's nobody else but I feel it, you can tell me that you're home by yourself but I see it. Your love is just a lie"
He got another chance...
It doesn't have to be. We're trying to make it easier. We can pair you with the scholarships you're most likely to win.
Simple Strategy: when you think you have done enough "DO MORE"!
bo on you all!
I said I didn't want Tannehill today. But at this point, I haven't seen a good QB for Miami since I was in middle school. So why not
I'm the only mahomie at my school.
Funny how they are doing "Snapple Chat" as part of America's Got Talent. Seems like a direct copy of the lounge on The Voice
I am well versed in the history of U.S. rioting thanks to Sublime's "April 29, 1992 (Miami)." The more you know!
#ImMadBecause it's the first Monday back from school break and I have a ton of homework blah
The Macbook Pro contest winner has been contacted. We're awaiting response from the person for permission to make their name public.
ONE MORE TIME, LETS TRY ONE MORE TIME<3
austin does to
could be worse, you could be working on a crappy site like yelp!
Be accessible, embed with troops and use records, Dao said. Key document: After Action Reports commanders write after military operations.
I ate too many marshmellows that I may poop white!
@ @ @ @ I am still hoping that this is just a case of a busy #snparent ...
“: Women in technology, don't forget about meet tomorrow at Mara Launchpad Kampala in Wandegeya"
Train.18 year old with grandma.His1st time to NYC.EXCITEMENT.filming the inside of train.hastily trying out all different buttons on...
71% of administrators say they have a better understanding of what’s important to their stakeholders as a result of the
I'm the type to strike it RICH!!!
Dani ughh. Can we talk or sumthin :( like I feel our relationship is destroyed :-[ I wish I cud rewind to the day I kissed u
You know I love you so.
Happy 21st Birthday hope u Have an Awesome Birthdayy
the #comedyawards forgot ND. We won't. Hope to see you next year.
hey Rebecca! We email and post to the account at the start of the Streak every week! Check out www.citystreak.com for detail
GO CELTICS! I have never rooted for the Celtics until this year.
Floats, parade balloons, bands, TV and radio personalities, live animals, and costumed characters including Santa Claus! Nov 21 at 9:30am!
It's darker outside than it was when I got here at 6am
About to put a fence up . . . in the pouring rain. The bunnies must be stopped.
can u dm him for me?
What makes you beautiful is being yourself Niall James Horan you are beautiful don't let anyone tell you wrong! Love you!<3
Wow just found www.texturemate.com -- tons of free textures and stock photos. Yes, all #free!
about to write some witty copy for the new corporate client and i need WAY more stimulation! logging out and back in as
Just emailed you about #SpringTraining! Hope you and Parsons can go! :)
If you have a principal who truly "mixes", the entire school climate changes for the benefit of all, particulary the students.
People get a camera in their face and lose focus!
A full grown man just ran by me crying, like bawling.
Thank you for asking folks to follow me , and !
What trade shows or security events will you be attending this summer?
k boss
": I hate when you blow your nose so much...." Buy cool touch Kleenex - they are ridiculously
What flying birds never glide or soar? ... Answer: Hummingbirds! (Their wings just aren't made for that.)
I'm so down with doing it tomorrow afternoon. What works best for you??
I would not be able to function effectively if not for you
BE MINDFUL OF OTHER PEOPLE FEELINGS
No, I would not like a car wash.
In need of one strong volunteer for this Fri AM for Gallery Show. Literally strong, you are helping w/ equip pickups!
Yay just let me know =]
we want you to have it also.
FDIC zaps 1 bank on Thurs due to Veterans Day on Fri. Failed bank is 23rd from GA to fail in 2011. FL is #2 state w/ 10 fails. Not close.
So far this is not being reported by the BBC.
You here yet Shawn?
When will your next concert be?x
A4 people not inclined to mastery probably confuse an interest with a passion.
Join me Thursday March 8th, 6pm to meet Winemaker, Jeffrey Stambor and taste some great wines!
Kenny Smith with great point about Lou Williams making both FT's. #TNT #NBA should have missed 2nd for chance to win
Round 5 of Below The Influence drops tomorrow!
HA! I'm choosing to blame Twitter & not the app I'm currently using which seems to be well designed.
Lover...not a fighter :-)
11 followers on my 1 day on twitter thx u guys
Hm. Twitter was a little stale this week. Hopefully someone famous will die this weekend.
Great training sessions with right now!
take a day off from goals for the upcoming Royal nuptials - at least you know they'll be in a safe space when you return! www.IamINC.biz
Support is the best feeling
Come to "NEW Menu Launch & Meet/Greet our new Chef Joe Freemond!" Wednesday, April 28 from 5:00 pm to 10:00 pm.
I'm right with you! haha
you are welcome. They were good articles and a good reminder that not every client is a good fit!
Haley shouldve left a long time ago. Her voice HURTS RT J-Lo's face when Haley was announced as being safe over Jacob said it all
RT There goes my diet TT.TT Mom is cooking up a storm!!! Love it! I'm so spoiled!! lol
Thank you for everything! What a wonderful time we had
The fact that George Carlin was the voice of Thomas The Train, makes me hate Thomas a little less.
This is supposedly a nice hotel, but its TVs are way too eager to inform me of the availability of "adult" titles on pay-per-view.
No not yet.
I want pasta.
#stagecoach starting in15 minutes! Where in the FAQs did it say only bikini tops, daisy dukes and boots? These ladies are here to party!
More great people
Doesn't feel like a Friday
which films are you referring to?
fresh carrots???
I think the future argument is clearly the stronger one as well, especially with #Nebraska as an added heavyweight. But...
RT : Dr. Yealy: Today we cared for 7 patients involved. One had surgery, two are released, the remaining patients will be admitted.
might need to take Mizzou over Marquette, with Iona in the picture!
All Sacto. CIF NorCal Championship; v. Sheldon High Sat. 3/17 at Power Balance Pavilion. Who's coming with?
is that from the mahogany collection?
Fuck the struggle
ahh you know
Your ego will have you by yourself....
TGIF! Join us for lunch and get some "Baby Bubbas" -- that's 3 sliders with pimento cheese, bacon, fried pickle and sweet relish!!
Say Hello To Black Thunder the Newest Member of Twitter After Dark! But it will Turn into Twitter Late Night!
All trains on all lines are now single tracking. A historic first for
If I see a man...with a muffin top..I'm puking!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR. ANDRETTI!!!
Officially completed my subsequent BS in eMarketing from Franklin University!
Feelin like Spring in the NYC. Now that's what I'm talkin about!!!
Appreciate our facilitator today, Carl, introduced himself as my guide. Good recognition he can't learn me, that's my job.
what about dogs.
I do not know what #fcvw is so I'm thinking not... But maybe...
Follow to tag along with us on our Wednesday shoot. We'll be sprinkling out details over the next 2 days.
"You work out who you like best and then you pretend not to like anyone else." -Jez, Peep Show
Tomorrow's is the National Day of Prayer, you guys :D
Definitely one of the perks of being a librarian! I was gifted some cookies from a patron as a medical library intern. Yum.
Shut up Courtney! No one feels bad for you!
I agree. This new upgrade on his suspension is ridiculous.
Wicked clowns never die.!<3
Baby pushes away spoon of banana cereal #Peaceful Resistance
u love s lot of people
#ala11 alexanderstreet announcing academic video online booth 3115 come learn more
bahahaha is in twitter jail :D
Too hot to sleep? My rooms the same temperature as Antarctica.
#thatmomentwhen you really gotta piss but your too lazy to get up....
I'm my way to the train
Followed.Follow back
"old school" gay sex
So, Blake starts at PG in OKC?
RT :It's out! Will Allen's "The Good Food Revolution," part memoir, part manifesto from the visionary of !
Just saw this ad: "Tomorrow on Today: the cure for aging"
How in the WORLD does Mike Turico get to question Andrew Bynum about HIS behavior and HIS judgement? Scandalous! Ridiculous!
How can u make F1 so boring?!
well now I'm home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
wow ... Just seen a restaurant called "cotton piccin chicken" ... Smh.
they will resort back to what they have done for centuries = BLAME OTHERS and riot; good, let them, lets have it out
I could see that being the case. If so, no refills! My kids are old enough to keep still, I hope!!
-and learn how the Cleveland Indians led to the creation of Superman!
OH SHIT! i get it now!!!!
Ahh. Adjusted. Didn't know that.
Please capitalize proper nouns, like place names. It's silly for a geographic org to not use English properly. cc
maybe friday.. idk :s
Wait, you're not working for are you?
ur b o y f r i e n d is my neigbor
So glad im not going to school tomarrow !
the ride was sick (:
Hahahhahhahaha omg if that happened it would be love at first sight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Yeah, I'd agree with you!
Manhattan is only part of NYC without MLS
Looks cool too! The feature set looks really solid. Very nice.
Tnx & for RTs - as u all well know, translating religious studies 2 world is tricky but we r trying ;-)
Thx for the location suggestion for the tweet-up! :)
The suit that kermit is wearing in the opening scene of muppets take manhattan is so clean... someone get me that suit
Er, no, you're hosed on that front. But 64-bit env would prob help
Thanks bro! RT : happy born day fam
#WhenIWas13 I discovered the wonders of Donald Westlake, a novelist who inspired me to write books.
WOW how interesting. I wonder how this applies to California?
S/O to his tia lorena for making us both realize :) this should led to great things n.n
Today was the last for the Junior Achievement mentoring class, I had a great time. The kids really enjoyed the info we shared along with a…
Thanks for the follow! Great to be connected.
And don't worry we haven't forgotten about #TeamQinTheCommunity Thurs.Just looking for the perfect #SD people to highlight for our followers
": This fatstyle I jus did >>>>>" Dats all I been on lil bro
sad face <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Tweeting in Bedroom
Target's Black Friday commercials terrify me.
Oh sheet (': I feel loved in a creepy way....<3
Watching #True Romance. I love this movie man. It' s sweet and fucked up...the kind of romanticism I appreciate.
spellcheck does not like "Keweenaw"--guess there's a little room for broader enregisterment there, eh?
Ask new members for feedback after they join they club. Encourage them to just talk! You learn so much about what they need.
Beirut...Hide and Seek!, a film that I starred in with an awesome, ensemble cast, has been optioned by a company for distribution in Europe.
I haven't asked him if he likes me yet.... Should I? Advice please.
#stoked to be in an actual recording band! this is
I think our putters cost us some money. Fun day. Glad we could get out again!
I'm hungry as fuck
Debbie Travis: Make your entrance a grand affair - yourhome.ca
i feel like fucking were the bad girls at dats fine asz hell
Since I started using HootSuite, my FB Fan Page started acting weird. Posts not showing, LIKES not showing, etc...
and I are getting a place in Louisville. Yeah son.
Southwest Airlines is down. I was told to wait an hour. Wow.
The first draft of anything is always shit - Ernest Hemingway.
The pinoy fest was fun! Passed up rocked the stage with Drew & their set! Good job guys :)
Finally took a break from my all day Lifetime movie marathon to stuff my face with pizza and ice cream.
yes it is. Sorry I guess I didn't explain that too well.... Middle school only is fully funded by State.
headed to a meaningless suns game, might be on espn behind spurs bench im the tall guy with a bad haircut
A cynicism-ectomy. Would like to see city itself become more consensus-focused. Neighbors shouldn't be enemies.
ooopsss sorry he aint a kid love this boy(:
If you love your #fantasy #epic, help us out and RT indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
2day my dr becomes convinced I look like Ricky Schroeder. Takes to the waiting room to sell his case. WTF. Not sure that's even a compliment
yes i just hope i passed
RT "Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony." Mahatma Ghandi (via )
Oh, right. Yes, well.... HEY
I'm intrigued by this cigarette-smoking with someone else' hand story.
Just now came to understand that the Superbowl was today.
Glad to hear that you got tickets to Viva!
It's like tundah
Tuesday Travel: Turnberry Isle Miami Triathlete Program
Leave the MVP of the 2011 Broncos Offence alone. It's because of you that Tebow will never develop.
Don't get mad because your old ass can't drive! Middle finger back at you ASSHOLE!!!!
Your welcome LAL did their part for u!
I will keep you around for the times that i miss you.
They should not have made the first one two hours. It's not helping.
lol it was love
Look at getting all
I can still play on FTP.Might as well grind there since I'll either win money (good) or lose money and have less stuck in limbo to worry on.
I, for one, think you are up to this challenge, Steinar!
Workout time!!! FINALLY GONNA GET RIPPED!!!! 170 BAYBAY!!
Another Year was disappointing, but 140 characters just won't cover it.
enjoy your break, you deserve it
"LOOK JERKY... I DON'T NEED TA TALK TA YOU!!!" RT : Bret Weir?
Yep, and also I'm not too happy to work on my favorite holiday tomorrow
Adam's image for Wyoming now on the site
All the data fits due to the fact that the data is always moving around.
one trick in teaching -- always have your students model sources they are familiar with
Someone please clue me in
right?! & the fact that tons of P's classmates have read them turns my stomach a bit.to think my Elizabeth Banks fandom led me here.
Laying in bed finna leave!
when you get a chance can you hit me up brahh
BAck in NYC on Friday - wassup? You working this weekend?
a good day. Exercised, cooked chili. Maybe some TV later. Netflix has star trek TNG!
Sponsors are delivering their closing remarks now on #COasset Discussing need for federal immigrant reform
not so much. Thinking about writing a songg :p hbu
and dont even get me started on the Jamocha Shake
Marriage equality just passed the NJ Assembly!!! 41-33
Stamp Your Way to Heart Health with our new one-of-a-kind Heart Health Forever Stamp to remind you how to be heart-healthy...
Feels like eternal sleep.... im living a dream
RT : In which I give thanks for the 2012 David Thompson Community Leader Award. I am humbled and...
Yay! I feel special :)
It's a super day when Val Kilmer's assistant sends you her resume.
Good morning twitter stalkers! Isn't that funny and who cares? Some tweet just for you.
Ruslan Vlasov Takes Down Opening Genting Poker Series Stop
I know. -___- its cray he just needs to do a follow,spree.
Hahahaha the No. 1 best thing about no longer having Chris Paul on our team: Unfollowing his brother. Y'all stop ruining it by RTing.
How much you guys wanna bet that the Big Show will interfere in the Johnny vs Cena match. Now that he is fired. <OVER THE LIMIT12>
If you see people rocking around #ROC with lovely, simple, floral henna designs on their hand, you'll know they were at #ImagineRIT today.
Looking forward to meeting our two finalists, and !
It Works! Gives Back, provides opportunities to give, and it encourages the company's distributors to expand their giving!...
thank you! :)
Gorgeous morning to have off!! The sunshine feels so good!!
i hear ya! its sad that my communication with the outside world is thru the pc and cellphone. lol
Tune in at 8! I'll have the latest details on the body of a woman discovered in an empty Brownsville lot.
fucking marry me.
Sales pages get higher conversion rates with video!
Things you don't want to hear your dentist say: "What is that?"
No i understand you :)
I made breakfast for my mom. My dad wanted to cook but I told him to get out of the kitchen. the man who once mistook cumin for cinnamon.
bahaha yes you are :)
Watching some real cool jazzmen - faculty from Mich St U - working it out. Sweet and mellow on WHUT.
What a great day for
Then I should probably watch it. :)
idk who them niggas is round my way but never seen em b4 peeped they was trailing
Soma tonight in San Diego and tomorrow @ The Victorville Event Center with The Higher!!! Hope to see you all there!
try to chant about #craftbeer #pgh #pcbw #pensin7. Those should get a much better response.
It is unethical to break the law, so there should be no example. Unless you confuse ethics w/ utilitarianism like Robin Hood.
hey is briggs how you doing
that sounds great. When's tough mudder?
Tell her to give us a call - 813-788-3969
NJ state sign says "The Garden State" I have yet to see any thing garden!
you're welcome, good poem
Heading out for a photo shoot today with E. Milliner Bridal today!
social media networking media soon - and I am tweeting about it!
Lol A person hates you for 1 of 3 reasons. 1) They want to be you 2) They hate themselves 3) They see you as a threat
Hey #Albuquerque, dine with us tonight & participate in our wine sampling starting at 6pm with spirits from S America & Europe. Cheers!
The gossip girl season finale literally gave me good bumps lbvs
: Hope everythins good man
Hi, Tyrese if you or anyone you know that would be in L.A, this weekend come check out my new artist Xavier T Musgrove Album release concert
what's being done to combat car breakins in SF? 3x in two mos personally; reduces my diet to water and bread. Thx.
I change my twitter name like 20 times already
Q1: yes, but not surprised
We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided. -, Harry Potter & the Goblet of Fire
BUY MY SODA THEN
Someone please save me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> ...
whos getting tatted friday?...
Bring on the sunshine... whoo hoo now I can dress like a tart and noone will mind.
Me: I really can't stay. Bed: But baby, it's cold outside. #EVERYMORNING ;) x
I don't know what the big deal is. Barack is only spending $4 million on his BIRTHDAY BASH this weekend!!! It is going to be off the hook!!!
Traveling w/ this Wednesday to Bilbao via Madrid. I will not get a broken seat this time, right? :)
Home game, #MURFC vs. Northern Michigan, this Saturday at King Field. Come cheer on the Warriors as they take on NMU in the home opener!
And as we approach hour 12, The Other Guys
Great show tonight at Narroway! Always so wound up afterward ~ need 2 settle down and get 2 bed cause it's back 4 another show in the a.m.
Sometimes the people who get kicked off of #AmericasBestDanceCrew end up on #AmericasGotTalent lol
Forget love... I'd rather fall in chocolate.
Bring out 100 Million Roses.
Three people with fanny packs huddled around looking confused. Tourists or Librarians?
Are they just trying to get us warmed up for #smash? Seems like a lot of #thevoice has been very musical theater-ish tonight.
please tell me you remember seeing Kyle being thrown out when we were walking into the bar
Phillip glass's Satyagara is absolutely brilliant. The music, the stage sets and the performance are equally mind-blowing. A must see.
HOLY SHIT, I JUST HEARD BOB KNIGHT SAY KENTUCKY. WTF
I smell like outdoors and hearty smoke. Now I want to go hiking.
Had a fat day today.. Gotta get some willpower soon - its not long until bikini season!
Let's Go by Calvin Harris ft NeYo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
somebody tell tyga to stop droppin the same song every 3 weeks.
She hurts a lot inside because he doesn't know that she knows way more than what he thinks she does.<U+2665>
Playing Kate Capshaw's role in The Temple of Doom
#ILikeThatAlot if a boy was sweet as and if a boy who can treat his girlfriend right (:
JR Smith the truth though...
Tonight at The Canal Club- Searching For Timothy w/ Red Clay Village, The Greater The Risk, Pandomonia Doors @ 7pm
that's good. What u did
Hey Warriors, how is your first week of classes going?!?!?
Congratulations to LDK Capital in Sacramento for finishing their initial Salesforce build. LDK is a company that buys distressed propertie…
More like uku-fail-le, am I right? You're welcome for that one.
Too many Unknowns around me. Stay True and Loyal to myself, because I'm not Guaranteed the same from anyone else.
If being a good dad is a crime..i just wanna let The state Of florida know i been breakin that law since My son was born..
#TheresNoExcuseFor not following us
only good thing is i stood up to my bullies and it made them mad then my whole calss was yelling at me bc no tacher in the room
thanks for following!
I never knew you felt that way? Should I bring jello shots?
thank u lol
#Yee thank you So much <U+2665>
This Top Dollar Pawn Shop commercial tho....
The NEA fall meeting was totally worth getting up at 5:30am on a Saturday to attend, and that's saying something!
that's cool can I cum lol
tonight - fiesta Friday with DJ All Nite - San Diego go!
Night everyone. go read the last tweet I retweeted. XD
creepy and visually fascinating, but I couldn't get into the characters. Worth seeing, though.
They Got Weed, But I Been Dope.
hungry for what?))
The day were in universal there is a shit ton of famous people !
The Union Station bus driver just referred to me as a "young lady." As you may notice, it doesn't take much to make my day.
We are getting some great pics! Send us your Pinkberry Magazine or Mandeville sidewalk chalk art for a chance to win a party!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! Have a wonderfully blessed day!
I can dig it. I been doin the exact same thing
swear there fuckin bomb
I named to trim my nose hairs more
I'm 14, and I'm from Florida, wbuuu? :) I look like, ... idk. c: lolol.
You know I'm sleep deprived when writing my acknowledgements makes me teary eyed.
#1317 Your icon is really pretty and your really lucky! <3
Just saw the most amazing fan video. Will post tomorrow for you all. Only about a month until we record new music!
I'm so excited!! They tried to get me to work that Saturday, I was like, NOPE I'M BUSY!!
uhh yeaa. We all kno that because I just eat a lot in general
Website is currently down:( Server issues for the past few days, unsure of when it'll be back up!
Though we talk about catering to non-visitors, rarely meet museum staffer who is like "I love those peeps who never come here!"
I've been doing this same project since 7:30 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I personally refuse to mention or even acknowledge any movie I did not act in.
WTF is going on with Lakers
You`re a stupid ass bitch.
More Mannheim Steamroller tickets in minutes - get ready to text the word I announce on-air to 44100! (100th text wins) - Theresa Lucas
good mornaaan #friday :-)
Embraced the Linsanity today at Brooklyn Bowl. He is so good at the basketball!
yes, i seen i never see him lol. (:
Okay, I just hit the editing wall for today. I only lasted 3 hours. I clearly have a case of the Saturdays.
*sigh* Nothing beats a pedicure at the 10 Ten Spa. I was so relaxed, I was sleeping with my mouth open! LOL!
dro girl ate imma inbox u my ten tell her call me
If you ever need to move and have it done fast and efficiently contact Family and Friends Movers (770) 899-8602 ask for Stan.
it worked well on my iPhone, though not my work computer. But I did get it, so thanks for your help.
#accuweather Doing stories today about our colleague Ken Reeves. Please send personal quotes/comments Thanks. Tom L
Very true! Something is always better than nothing!
Happy Easter Everyone!
Yay! I found my halloween costume for next year, on man im watching a State farm commerical and that song from the tv show came on with that
HAPPY SPRING!
The Hudrians don't know what they're planning either! Side? App?
From the starters to the pen, pitching has been a huge diappointment
Just saw a place that was called "Yee's excellent cleaners" it reminded me of #YEE haha(:
People are taking this YOLO thing too literally
. I have loved office supply stores ever since I can remember. Always restraining myself from buying 2 much!
Found out my friend Jayne Rogovin passed away.she had a huge heart! The world is sure gonna miss her! Love u Jayne see u on the other side
do you still tweet and RT your fans?? :)
yea man I'm terrible. People look at me like I'm retarded because I can't hear them.
What Im Bout To Eat.
No I want to get on a jury! This is my first time being called! I know, I'm a dork!
what up buddy! Hope all is well.
We don't think has one with salted caramel yet, but they have our baileys irish cream flavor and honey graham.
Anyone know any new christians songs?
follow her. She follows back.
you could ask nicely, but I know that's not your style. As always, tho, I'll respect your request...
Fifth: Made it to the gym 3/5 times this week! Not as good as last week, but still good. :)
haha its good
Love that channel My24 here in MKE is showing the episode with"Bag of Weed" musical today
lol Lucky you
now Jake is wearing a TapOut jacket.. #lordhelpmenow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Google News Gets Deeper Ties to Google+
nice trick!
wow lol..can't believe he expects us to do all the hw and test in one night, I still haven't got it all done
DC: TWO DAYS AND CHANGE IS COMING. DO THE RIGHT THING! GRAY 2010...
Wish i could have seen and at the airport today :(
Just found out Ian MacKaye turned 50 a few days ago. Don't know if this makes me encouraged (still cool after all these years) or just old.
Thanks ! rt "At Indigo salon for the grand opening with ! One of the most beautiful salons in San Diego!"
Thanks new followers! Just got back to all of you.
Who's this cute ass nigga all over my TL?
I'm immortal baby!
on my way to LA!!!
My best friend didn't even tell me happy birthday .___.
fair enough... She came off super selfish in her confessionals. But- that's a fair assessment. She was EXCELLENT television!
Hey thanks for the heads up, but I like much better.
I could see it...he obviously done well in Philly. Wonder how Astros fans would react to another Phillies/Astros deal?
Actually yes I don't know what I would do if I found the owner of that dog... maybe crap near their front door.
Probably! It's nsf/commercial but it's same WxHxD as a home freezer.
I just ate some yummy hors d'oeuvres @
I know enough about soccer to not like United haha. (that's about it)
I ma guest speaking in Cheryl H-M's class.
Marry what suits u. Just know u won't always be attracted to what suits u.
"How's school? Are you passing? Oh Wth, OF COURSE you passing!" Haha xD duuh. You know me.
We need help booking a tour in early June... anyone know of any venues?? Thanks!!
I was off all week n I dnt do no hw now ill be up all night doin it!!
My class never showed up--that's a first. What do other twitterbrarians do in that situation? Perfect q for
I didn't want to! Maggie's been fanning the flame (point finger)... and keeping me well-informed on all things K-Chu
it's because he has no sense of the situation and just flails his body into multiple set defenders. Been doing it all season.
. Mi llamo Josh
Beautiful morning in Detroit starting with goodies from Mexicantown bakery!
My throat is all itchy. Back to fighting these allergies.
I believe it's Four Loko buddy
Yup. RT : Hard to work out of a slump when nobody has a clue what the ump of the day considers a strike.
That's one of my all-time fav's. Definitely puts a chill when I see a scarecrow in corn field.
She's working hard and making happen...new website coming soon..but for now follow her and check out her fan page on Facebook!
Hey Boo!! Wanna go with me back to S.C? You going next time!
stress is a test, when you overcome it you feel like a beast ;)
I gauge my tailgating drinking on the state of the chiefs d. Scale between natty and grey goose, what should I stock up on?
3momemts winning little league champ in Beloit in 81, gibsons pinch hit hr, pack lions thanksgiving in 86
Got an email last week from the Sox that ticket prices are dropping and they are moving me down a row, should have known it was a ploy
you gotta ghost?!
Whats the blue room?
I had such a great time today knowing what my next songs will be on my CD.
You are missing "gonna be" after 'always'. That might help.
im so in love with the black keys <3
any truth to tweets?
followed (: x
Just bumped into Tiger at the range. Seems confident, said he "likes where his game is right now". He looked good and reeked from pussy
The fuck is oomf, please tell me…
I headed out once the parade ended and the curry rice ran out :-(
not really a question, but if when you tour...you better to come to LA first
I want to get hired at my work
PickUpLine: I'll cook you dinner if you cook me breakfast.
Who wants to text...??
Turn off: Guys with HUGE gadges Ewweeee!!
sure(: followed and thanks for following me <3
I love Sinclair Lewis after ten pages of Babbitt - he could describe those spectacles all day long. Time for Main Street?!
let's see those shades!
im craving for a hot tub sex.. join me
"It's one thing to say we have oversight. But this is just a rubber stamp. If we were really doing our jobs, wouldn't we be making changes?"
We live in America (one of the most racist places on the planet)! This should be of no surprise to any of us!
My Auntie Suzanne called me and made me smile :) Love my Aunts<U+2764>
Should they be waiting for ridership to come back to increase svc? I'd prefer increased svc to bring back ridership.
that make 2 of us....GOD knows our hearts!
RT "Man's best possession is a sympathetic wife." <--- One day.....she'll be mine
Paper.li is twitter newsletter
RT : April is Child Abuse Prevention Month. Follow #PrioritizeChildren and follow through. Raise awareness. Take action.
something corporate always gets me. Hey you remember that summer we did PR?!?
From Pamplona: Aim so high you'll never be gored.
God definately has his hands over me & my family, I almost got in an accident today the guy would of hit my side too
some #cpd #activists just chillin and catchin up in the midwest sun by the horse like a couple family reunions.
Yay I'm excited to meet Twitter folk IRL!
Still waiting to hear Kerry Wood is hurt. Last year: 21 walks in 51 innings. This year: 11 walks in 8 1/3 innings.
I did, But he still didn't care.
RT : This week, staged 6 protests of FRC's bus tour. We protest ALL who stand in the way of progress.
“Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.”~Winston Churchill
Ooh, would love to see them. RT Excellent wedding at the Prado last night. Pics coming soon.
Can't wait to shut his mouth. But Mayweather is running scared from Pacquiao. He comes out with all kinds of excuses.
I think for many people they're more "active" in trying to learn when they go abroad, making it a richer experience :)
Playground Elite moves to 2-0 on the weekend in the NIKE League with 85-61 win over e1t1. Duane Wilson with 19 and Austin Malone-Mitchell 15
social media & mobile stats that are hard to ignore. Set to cool music, a fascinating 4 minutes. A must see. 2 mill views
Call me maybe is such a cute song
Happy Friday! What are your plans for the weekend my fellow tweeters?!?!
I know for sure I'm doing Miami, Nashville, Dallas, San Francisco and Toronto. I can add Boston!!! :)
#BounceThatAss for Blake Griffin.......hell yea I would lmao ;-P
no problem, couldn't agree more with the list
Our new name is set! and to be announced really soon, tell your friends!
Just back from a late night dog hunt, looking for neighbor's runaway dog. He was checking out the #HStNE nightlife.
I am supposed to be working but i am on twitter. TRUUUUU.
what happened
can i get a shoutout ?
You followed back fast!!!!(;
Funny shit peeps say during sex-Can u take it out so I can take a dump real quick-I did'nt fart it was a queef-can I put the head in,lol!
Progress doesn't = happiness. So, no. We shouldn't necessarily be happier, just smarter. And we're not that much smarter.
is Erick in skyline?im sorry... Im confused
Such a beautiful night! Making dinner, getting ready, and then meeting up with & for some fun!
Check us out. We are Louisville's most authentic selection of Asian foods for catering, home, & restaurants.
I don have it :o
we played some of the best attacking football against Evrtn, only defending was a let down that day.too many changes from that XI
That would have been amazing if Mike Smith scored that empty netter.
#UseTittiesInAMovie Harry Potter and Deathly Titties.
RT If u r excited for SpringBreak!!!!
I Need ALL DJ's That Spin In Strip Clubs to get ASAP!! Special Release Just for the Night Life!! Send me ur Emails
at Need Supply. they're playing the Drive soundtrack. and there's a Ryan Gosling looking employee here. cannot deal right now. cc:
Double cup love, you're the one I lean on.
I'm not sure how that was handled. I e-mailed one of the lead planners, so I'll let you know what I find out.
oh really ;)
You Could Be Happy
two new blog posts to share with you #writers! photo writing prompts for a warm up. come write with me - www.writeawayeveryday.blogspot.com
You had my attention with Fascinating stuff.
At $8 a box, my creation isn't THAT fun. :)
Just visited the worst ever! Stay away from the 76th & Good Hope one. Slow and lazy workers, sloppy sandwich making AND overcharged
thanks for not wimping out
I miss all your faces.
it would be awesome
'cause baby just so you know, everything happens for a reason.
YAY I am your FIRST follower!! ha ha ha
Senior day!!!!
love is strong, never weak.
I'm always down.
Took a couple weeks off from the tables. Back at it tonight, though. Time to get the old folks money.
": I really don't believe you find love on a tv show though.. Just entertainment" Just ask Flavor Flav!
The Company!! My fav. It has gorgeous prose.
awww yay!!! Im so glad you are happy with your products...:) happy easter to u 2!
RT : Giggling cause my nails spell out "Anal Mess".
what! where did u.move to? No wonder we havent seen.u around like usual!
Night everyone
This sucks
Good point. I do love Camden Yards and Ballpark in Arlington,although Pittsburgh's new one is great.
afternoon with my son
I hate have headaches
Do you think the person at ESPN deserved to get fired over the Jeremy Lin headline? I didn't read it that way until all the uproar.
I don't like having to wear sweatpants, cuz all girls look at is my junk, girl, my face is up here!
Maybe i just need a nap.
I can't lie -- that's what I like about you, Karen!
that's very true..<U+2764><U+2764>
Thrilled to be starting as an intern at the #Smithsonian Institution Archives in May working at the Center for Folklife & Cultural Heritage
S/o to for standing me up and never showed up to the gym. I got it in anyway. Ha. I blame you Lol
i already am (:
Giants...u guys r killing me!
AWOLNATION is great :)
Yeah they have them like twice a year for 28 days
I am trying to gain some exposure, my products are natural and I have helped many 313-5222307
“: My graduation speech: "I hate you f^ckers, I'm out."”
Indy Charity Boot Camps puts on boot camp classes and 100% of the proceeds go to a local Charity!
How's your family.... at football?
OHmygod. - working tomorrow AM, early? Headed to O'Hare at an ungodly hour :)
: "global vouching peer to peer is what we need to create a global trust framework" for
Hearing rumblings that Peyton Manning might need a second neck surgery.
Kastin likes rap music just like his dad me and his uncles
your #edusocmedia tweet might have led to knew followerers from today ;)
It's a 45 min procedure... So that makes it more than $4,500 an hour. Better be a really good dev!
Heading to D-Land again.
We need some beats and need a producer
I don't even know what to do anymore.
My puppy is excited for the snow. I'm excited for less mud.
Praying for & your ProCamp today. Many blessings on you as you model
Welcome to all my new followers. Thank you
The police have Wall St. blocked with check points and people are having to show corporate ID's to get in... What country is this?
Cooking Off the Cuff: Pedal to the nettles
Excellent! Well have fun! Do some teenage stuff! Enjoy yourself.
Great shoots today with & for !! Mission accomplished. The band is back together.
"I am sofa king, wee Todd dead"
Can I have you numba? Can i? Can I have it?
Good morning everyone :)
Dominating first 45!!
He's turning four (=
Yes. Biggest position of need. They've done something wrong if we don't get at least 2 OL before this draft is over
I Miss
any predictions for the fights tonight?
Happy Birthday to one of my best friends , wish I could be with you all tonight
We dig Detroit! Many of the bands who play there leave stoked! Thanks Detroit!
"The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.~Carl Jung
Good morning world!!!
no big deal!
This game is intense! I need it to wrap up so I can get to dinner...
#iadoptedmypetbecause when I looked into Jersey Boy's eyes at the shelter, I knew we needed each other!
Win your 3-Day passes this hour! #CommercialFree with
Emma on avail for JC Penney national. Fingers crossed!
oh stop. You like it!
Hip hip jorge!!
not exactly sure cuz I dont use meetup. Imo it allows you to see & share all ur schedule. More like
Thanks for the follow, Stuart.
Still feeling kind of crappy...I'm thinking Panera's French Onion soup and then a Chipotle burrito?
Fuckin' up at 7AM on a Sunday to go run 5 miles. Who the fuck AM I anymore?
Don the biggest problem I have here is :)
Broadcasting Boys Lacrosse GMC Finals on MSG VARSITY BABY! St. Joes won last 4 GMC titles Monroe looking for first after winning division
praying cuz i feel im close to the edge....lol..lol.
Tweets on Twitter are tweets to live by
"A little Harder first david adams track to be played on US radio, more info coming.
Please,please don't leave me.
don't know if you heard... RIP Ronnie Montrose.
Don't forget, the Jingle Bell Run is tomorrow bright and early at 8am :) Hope to see you there
Long week still to go. Christmas is on the way:) VERY excited. Stretching the vocal chords to sing:) lalala
Good morning Love bugs and Teddy bears :)
when he tweets someone I dont see it cause Im not always on twitter. Ill be on more though if I can get him to talk to me.;)
Love the people God gave you because he will need them back one day
I will beast you! Here, Here sir!
watched #27dresses for the first time today. One of my new favorite chick flicks! :D
Seriously can we give the browns any more help? 2 fumbles and out? The Browns are truly awful
auditions, close, then open, then audition, then the movies with maurice! LONG 2 days
awesome performance ! you really do "shred" like ceelo said
Here! Haha we like doing a lot of unique sushi rolls you may not expect.
Or maybe that many of "science" types were scheduled in other sessions and couldn't attend.
yes sir China does not play on breaking commitments that's why they are so on point ! Honor is everything! They come back after.
i love my family. i cant imagine my life without most of them
#ThingsIReallyCantStand people who think they are better than everyone else.
Call me what you want but never call me late to dinner
It's not actually called that ;) Good title though. . . I would watch a movie like that. . . Mockumentary- improvised.
That Zaxbys Salad Though Hit The Spot
Catching up on
If you want to know a websites marketing strategy or wish list - Just look at the <meta name="description & keywords" in the source code.
Glad we could share! RT : I hope to attend 2012!! Thanks for the tweets, I felt inspired by what was shared. :)
Will the pack pull Clifton next week if he is rusty?
Peace + Tea = Amazing
I expect that as well, too. They just need to not be cute in the draft and take Beal.
One last word bebore i get off is NIALL IS BEAUTIFUL #NiallIsBeautiful and im
Christ! Tell me if that tastes as delicious as it appears... Or, is it even better; C'mon, throw my sweet-tooth a bone :)
This stupid bitch in my class is so rude.
Top Natural Breast Enhancement Products Review? Beliebers Are Unstoppable
Top of the Mornin to ya
On the hunt for artistic cutout leather leggings!
hi friends
1) i envy you again 2) all of them had 3rd person...check the options...they cant take that away from me
Making a case for art in the 22nd
WTF Im So Bored
Tomatoes come from the ground and the ground has animal poop. Doug - 1 Joanna - 0
the world may never know (x
drive a boat?...I'd sink ur battleship!!! Lol ;D
Your welcome. I am at my follow limit. Will follow back as soon as I am able.
What happened to a skating party? :P
I just put one on my head. On the bus.
Superbowl Sunday... who ya going for?
I thought about wearing mine, but wasn't sure I wanted to be THAT guy.
If we're talking in terms of compromises, I'm not sure that's a compromise I'm willing to make.
i just wanted to let you know that you will forever be my favorite you are amazing omg.
Just finished editing a vid w/ Courtney brown 8( ugh!!! So hard!!!
go chiefs! Hanie is pretty cute btw.
gone head witchu yo bad self... send me a link I wanna check it out
I'm getting better. My play will tell what lead to it. I can't move backward, only forward
Had a blast with the pup at Sandcastle!!
loyalty is a lost characteristic (both ways). I answer to the man in the mirror, he holds me & others to a higher standard.
i gave my best it wasn't enough .
I guess.... But then again look at both Peyton and Elway.. Longer than 3 and won Super Bowl towards the end of their carriers
Thank you!
plz follow me i love u cody
'! RT : They're going to tell you to aim low, only look out for your lowest self, submit and surrender to an empty life.
#pencilchat is hilarious. Do a search and check it out.
nice photo! Change of pace from usual city commute.
4-11-12 | celebrates her birthday for #HighSociety Wednesdays. Message me for table info.
Interested in applying for Spring 2012 on-campus housing? The priority deadline is tomorrow, Dec. 9th! Call 212-998-4600 with questions!
Take a look at voices.com and voice123.com This should help.
Crazy co-worker returned from vacation cruise. Office is now decorated with WAY more Caribbean cat statues than necessary.
These are very good arguments ! Perhaps agrees? SU Yankee Day will still be fun though- get your tix! :)
So loving this Game of Thrones case study for immersive story-world of Campfire smells, food, real-world events with ARG
