Cheers to neighbors!
The announcers have another man crush on Drew Brees... "Stimulate"? Really?
I was riding roller coasters all day and I have a really bad head ache. sorry I haven't tweeted all day! night guys.
Susie Gutowski is officially announced as RvD's director for the show this summer! A great day for Poland (and Groupon)!
Spotted at #orangeleaf tonight. Should have pitched a UK basketball oral history project over frozen yogurt!
Havent packed one thing and when i get home i have to wash all my clothes.but thats ok cause im so excited for tomorrow
is that a real dog?
bahahah your welcome x)
Did you all see what I did there? No, okay then :(
That's awesome =)
explanation.. NOW!
still not sold on Miller as a passer. Let's hope he can figure it out...
DREAMCHASERS 2 IS GUCCI>>>>GO HARD
Haha everytime I look at my icon my heart goes like KJNSHJLDBNSJLFBSJJLAP
Our teachers rock!
Intensive curriculum accelerated education pace so that students could graduate in 3 years to commence national service
>> putting into question whether he would have, or would have put himself in a position to be able to give that order. Amazing.
Worst day:(
Does a Cat have Buddha Nature.....MEW!
Niall ... I discovered that perfection exists .. you!
on ? I'm f*ckin watchin, that's it.
Hey, Congrats on promotion to Senior Lecturer! You are a domain name rights & trademark law god.
Well i dont post the terrible ones! For every 100 pics taken, 2 or 3 turn out well. But thank you; that's very kind :)
Bed in a few. Lots to do tomorrow.
Thanks ill wear it to school tomorrow
madison, then minnesota and then plan for bahamas. I'm outta here
1 yr ago I was devastated beyond belief & didn't know what a wonderful opportunity I'd been handed.
Coming soon to a world wide web near you: "The Return of the Entertainment Bucket!"
Generations streaming is down. Had a powersurge earlier. Working on getting it back up
looks pretty much over to me
has a coach ever been "traded" like Ozzie Guillen?
“: "Forward down the field!"” .... A lions victory. Go Lions!
Going to a 6 AM Easter service at the Lincoln Memorial tomorrow because I am crazy.
#infocampseattle But I DID have to use sucky software...
My boobs are getting bigger. Great
Writing is so much easier when there are strawberries w/ fresh cream to accompany the task. M.
send it to my email, u have it.
I just want someone with good taste in music.
Almost done w Steve Jobs bio. Question: he created all these great things but couldn't fix the damn autocorrect on iPhones?!?! WTF?!
Is Charlie's Barber Shop still in Chesapeake?
lol duly noted but still hahaha
Nice to have you back! We've missed ya. =) Hell of a season darlin'! Have a great night!
thanks Paul
Unless you're into that
HAHAHA. ": "Australia gave you topless One Direction, Sweden gave you topless Directioners." THIS."
Yeah it is in Sac lol RT : It's a small ass world let me tell you!!!
how many times am i gonna tell you not to leave your twitter up hahaha signed
cause u delated ur fb so i cant hit u up anymore lolz ill find u tomorrow at school <3
Valentines Day is around the corner, make sure you BUY BLACK! Dinner at a Black-owned restaurant. Gift certificate from a Black-owned spa...
So excited to gig with you! Maybe ?!
"I need that drink, like a camel needs water & I need it to taste as good as the last piece of carrot cake." Your best quote.
Currently ghost hunting with and his parents on the Queen Mary!
Gettin ready to head into work but all I want is a beer and
HA right. I just need a cover page or similar.
time is love. gotta run. love to hang longer.. but, I got someone. :)
Some things are better left unsaid
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
Im going in on 2K! Who want it!
tell her keith us gonna be there.
where you at bro?
can't wait! See ya in San Fran!
MonaVie Mx (max) juice combines Essential, Active and Mmun - who wants some?
Patriots all the way!!!!
Thanks, I'll have to catch you over pint or two one day, would love to learn more about cask
I lost 2 followers. Who are they??
4 days and I'm home again
I know
MT After Granderson's HR in 10 pitch at bat, he's 4 for 49 off Shields...Gotta believe that one was his best at bat ever...
don't feed the trolls! They love knowing that it gets to you.
Just picked up Neil and Carley from the airport! Good to have them back!
So I'm on Twitter, now the only difficulty will be censoring myself from saying what I really want to. It won't last long.
There's something in you. U just have to look within
We think a ghost has been displaced from the bosque due to the fire and has taken up residence in our office. & they just ran up our stairs.
Who wants to see a baby pic of me!?
has tickets for you at 10:40 tonight to see this wednesday at ! Listen and get hooked up!! :D
uhm YES. what i say goes. <3 like, i miss you.
You know, cuz "sexy time" should always include a homicide.
orange you glad you didn't? ::runs and hides::
Thanks for the RT recently, Stacey!
#ThingsILookFor Honesty and someone trustworthy. Not only in business but in any relationship.
R-E-T-W-E-E-T IF YOU ARE #TEAMFOLLOWBACK & WANT NEW FOLLOWERS (follow for an Instant Followback & 25000+ ...
great now I'm just scared of . I used to just think she was hot, thanks a lot jerk :(
I'm actually shocked it sucked that much. Every #TimBurton and #JohnnyDepp movie is normally amazing except this one
its awwfulllll, The ending is the worst
Off to Fat Willy's for the city's best bbq, then to the Avengers! This workday is ovah!
I really like that a lot. Very true and positive. :D
#thingsthatmakesmecrazy are sugar lots of sugary stuff
- SO Pumped doll! Thanks for the RT! Xox
I am looking forward to the new eight core intel processors...my i7 was such a jump from my old 4600+ X2 AMD, 16 processor threads will rock
Yeeeeeeaaaaaah I'm glad Beyonce got one:)! Who hooo!
Celebrate International Women's Day, proof that not everything started by socialists is bad.
At work on a beautiful Saturday helping cover a fallen soldier's homecoming. Worth missing every ray of sun. My dad is a Marine.
follow back? (:
James Ellroy at just said he doesn't like Raymond Chandler and that he's not a noir writer. The two aren't related.
Hey Chad. did you get your million supporters yet? what number am I? trying to get that cash you talked about on KISS FM this morning.
YOU SHOULD COME TO CT <3
I literally gave this bug a speech about being in my shower then I killed that bitch.
less a legal question than a political one. Looks to me they could legally just permit the thing post-hoc. (1/2)
e!! That sounds sketchy !
"Thanks Kirbalicious <U+263A> : Happy birthday!!!!!! :)"
This has 6-4-3 written all over it.
Good morning conference attendees! We hope you are looking forward to a day devoted to Tenn-Share Delivers.
“ if ANY of your tweets are directed to ME, then mention me, better yet call me. you have my number. thank you.”
"A nice blend of prediction & surprise are at the heart of the best art." PLENTY of surprises recently. When does the prediction pay off?
Love picking stuff up off the side of the road with
I'm glad the radio could bring us together :)
I know one thing though when I have this baby I'm gone be a Hip hop abs addict! exercise!
Just sent out a bunch of emails to some #CrossFit boxes in #NYC - need to make sure I can keep training while traveling!!
you promised me the moon and stars..
So I'm like 80 percent sure some dude named Issac stole my laptop... crazy shit.
black in america
We wanna thank yall for all the love !!! Yall motivate us to work hard !! <3 <3 - Zaona
and also, i will be posting a new video this weekend called "Senior Lunch in slow motion" More info on that soon! :D
Nope, datasets should only come in tweed
You would see other fan bases scared outta their wits because we will be psycho for this!
the mother left town last week for vacation and cldnt deal with him so i took him,theyre dvorcen & neither care abt the child.
the reloaded have the song with u and Brandy?
We talking bout practice?! PRACTICE?!! Hahaha never gets old
Yes phone works.
1st time Ive received an over 90% AT&T warning for my data plan. If I go over they should split fee 3 ways w/ &
I like the green myself, or black.
Not only are super generous for providing FREE LIMO RIDES at this Sunday's #bloodybrunch, they're so dang nice to chat with!
Help me win an ipad! Write on my wall at www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
Lakers better not get blown out again
I just noticed that every show I watch or love, focuses on a group of strong women.
just put new banners up on ;) Should have others at soon too.
tell me what you know about fighting inner battles
im cool B) follow me?
of course!
Joseph's purpose/destiny was greater than himself &his generation. His dream was bigger than his abilities. God used him 2prepare the way!
Watched the 1st half highlights.....barely any Pacers highlights because all they do is just win games!
Step in the right direction. Certainly shows some level of support. But #Sponsors should look for consistency.
if u was close enough i would bye you some lol
thank god for another beautiful day!! Boutta go get my money, Juheard!!!! :D
I think the answer is that ktru is, and has always been, BOTH a student activity and a community service.
why didnt u wake me?
I always hear that twang in your tweets. Heh. RT Could ya hear my Texas accent in that tweet? LOL.
We're gonna rock it in June \m/ can't wait!!
Fuck all my Ex's rt.
The Silk Tie likes Alex! The joy in real estate only has one equal, buying ties online
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
literally cannot bring myself to study for this italian exam tomorrow.
#18 icon cute. total rate: 8
what? where:D
Fear is a choice we make to fixate on the worst case scenario. Open yourself to the possibility of success!!
Happy Mother's Day to all the awesome Mom's out there!
A properly preserved wedding gown can last years, emerging as fresh as on your wedding day.
Subway session with
Why do clients show up late to their hearings?!
it means you'd like to go lay by the bay, maybe eat some hay...
you're so welcome!! :)
Almost the Weekend! What're your plans? Bring the crew in for some quality time at U-Swirl! Costume Contest on the 30, don't forget. PRIZES!
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will? Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be their best in every audition.
Found it amusing/ironic that before this session on social media audience was asked to turn off mobile devices.
no hurry, not going to use it in class this year, just keep an eye out.
Hate people who talk big about something they have no idea about #learnthebasics then talk game
Career x-roads? Join me tomorrow 12noon CT for my interview w/Karen Kodzik, Navigating Through "Now What?" Info @ www.theWATTnetwork.com
What a putt by Lefty.
was hoping the breaking news out of Florida was about zimmerman's arrest.
no one danced?
Do only that which is right. Period.
Vegas Story-passing through, picked up a Native American hitchhiker-convinced me to take a quick stop @ craps table-won $1K
et al You tweeps are turning me into a fanboy-the phone, the 'book, the new iPad, the home PC is starting to get dusty - dang! ;)
Vandy grads are not good sources for unbiased football discussion RE UT : is as bad as
Great last night!
RT : I don't bump mainstream, I knock underground
you are not an idiot. We all do idiotic things sometimes, but that does not make us an idiot. You rock. You are awesome. ::hugs::
If sports commentary during games lacked to exist anymore there would be less violence in world...just an observation
Here's a tip... don't get high, lose your phone, and then get high and look for your lost phone which was in your pocket the whole time.
Hi. Can you follow me?
Saturday - physical therapy , watched inception, going to a wedding soon. Then tomorrow spending the day with my mom. Fam it's all we got!
i don't follow. monopolies don't exist in private sector. and collective bargaining is not a given.
Avengers officially blew my mind and my childhood back into the right place it needs to be! Thank you Joss Whedon...Thank you.
Mayor's Spring Cleanup today, over 5,000 volunteers are cleaning and improving vacant lots city-wide
happy early birthday!!!! Ya 14!!!!
I want to be snuggled up in bed, but alas, I have work to do
I'm sure it's not 100% true, but sometimes I look at Jennifer Lopez and think "if I looked like her, I would never have any problems."
"If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have the time to do it over?"
Excellent tribute to Steve Jobs, #3words for re: Steve: iDream, iDesign, iReinvent. (And 3 more ...) JOBS: Well done.
Teams back on the ice for the third period...
rip spring break.
#MoneyNeverSleeps #ScaredMoneyDontMakeNoMoney ! RT : Thinking about taking tonight off. I can use it.
Whew, so good to know that other people get them too. No history of Parkinson's in the fam. I'll have to ask about tremors.
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
You in "Stardust". Cue Boyfriends mind being blown. Thank you. Carry on.
Sending lots of love to You got this mama!
Can't can't stop listening to Kanye.
Resource poor can occur in any country, definitely bottom billion elements occurring in the US as well.
"I know I gotta Crush"
would you let me light up the sky? light it up for you and If you let me make this mine I promise I'll ignite for you
"Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies." - Aristotle
yes, James Bourne is a friend of zach and a cowriter on the song "James".
“ “ When boys let you rest your head on their chest. “”
The Architect wouldn't put money in it for no reason. Have you seen the polls lately? I smell defeat for the Left.
I hope you like what you see so far. :) We'll be going live with lots of stuff soon, so stay tuned.
why does NO ONE make black suede penny loafer style driving moccasins???? what's a boy have to do?
Is there any word on what players got shipped to the Mets for K-Rod?
If they didn't want to know they shouldn't have been on Twitter!! Great job!!
God will catch me or give me wings to fly, between child on autism spectrum and mother of adopted older child...I hit the wall today.
lol yea I have admit that I do
Do we know where the campaign that "won" #ThePitch for is now? I recently saw free samples at CVS #signupforourmailinglist :/
They're still out there.. it's just hard to find them nowadays.
Leftover turkey, refrigerated sweet potato pie, Arkansas & LSU football = HOG Heaven for this Razorback!! Go Hogs Go!
Sup Rodney! Are you behaving yourself?
Halfway through 1st day of #SOSMarch, head still spinning. Kozol was amazing, Radical Women were rad. Movie time!
Damn that sucks
Blur playing Way Out West this year? Add Pulp next week and this might be the year I turn 14 again.
Good news. Wiggle on.
your mahomies love you and will always be there for you. never forget that. :)
Thank you so much for following on Twitter
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick. Will post it shortly.
you won 5 bucks. Look at the prize structure button link
No Bates!
what up
Thanksgiving H'day is a good to time to review footage for a Team Highlight..Happy Thanksgiving
Good Night Bros!
Helped out at circ desk.
so awkward ! who knows maybe she'll land a deal with depends ;) ;)
It's been forever since we've connected on Twitter, but I'm doing well -super busy with my new job, but good. How about you?
Congratulations to Baylor's RGIII for winning the Heisman!
I'm not quite sure we need fireworks after each win in
Had to duck out early from great "After English" panel to catch a flight back to DFW. out. Til next time
Amen!! ": Whatever teams are more likely to beat the Heat, are the teams I want to advance."
I hate being single... but it is what it is.
no ego here, well maybe a little
We're taking a short break to prepare for our Wrestlemania video episode next weekend. After that, we'll be back!
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
RT Wrapped up interview with and feature in "The Resurrection" Issue
The rain won't stop..
Good morning sweeties! Let's make it a great day! :)
Never gave a shit what people thought of her, still doesn't. Salute.
Think? My Life Is Perfect! :)
no not really
Gmail keeps sending all the penis enlargement email I get to spam. Because google likes me just the way I am. :)
No offense, but doesn't let me raid his comic collection.
Free InStore Engraving Event. December 5th. More info here: www.wattsteashop.com
Dan Dickerson + Dan Petry >>> Dan Dickerson + Jim Price. Such an upgrade!!
And a few extra el bees. I'm going to make you jog that beer gut off this weekend.
I love your idea! You are definitely bringing a solution to very big fundamental problems!
Let's keep the eye on the ball and focus on real issues that actually affect the people.
Watching #HeyArnold! Freaking love this show! :D
"Midnight in Paris" now $54.1 US, $107.1 global... so far.
Oh Mosley must need $
#FrostBank has THE BEST customer service. I highly recommend them to all of my #Texas friends.
#np "Otherside" -Red Hot Chili Peppers
#Geospatial is a key feature of #MarkLogic that was important to Raytheon.
And I can't even explain it.... Damn.
Steelers game moved next week to late game
"Forget about style, worry about results" - Bobby Orr
it looks like Cuse got the favorable bracket.
#Heat targeting
Thank you! !
you ride?!
didn't end up reading it... So YOU should tell me how it is!
Rather bold updates to the new Twitter website. I think they did a good job.
been there (I lived in jammies during finals)! Take your time
funny how people ask who we sound like...and the only answer is LoCote Street.
Joe Lieberman is a disgusting power-hungry whinger. Pass it on.
Not sure when they start. Friday Cheers begins at 6:30.
The blood cries from the streets of Chicago. Join St.Sabina in a community march and rally for solidarity to stop the violence on Friday!
That hour long nap earlier was perfect.
Mountain dew white out is really good
functional AND a snazzy accessory.
no doubt, how can I not follow such a person. Cmoooooooon
Things I Hate - wind, hair and lipgloss. Together.
hope u watched it at a comparable mi msu bar
When there is 1 word for luv n a million definitions, it is any wonder that most everyone is still searching 4 the right kind of luv?- kiera
your father was a great wrestler and your a great wrestler and a beautiful woman as well ;)
Pres is a hot mess!!
Back to Cablevision HQ - interactive channel trials for VoyageTV & pushing travel content to their other assets....
How Somebody Too Good To Talk That's Juss Dumb ....
I'm making my mom read The Hunger Games before we go see it tomorrow
Staying up late and can't sleep.
You're welcome--and thank YOU for the #EcoMonday RT :) Have a great rest of the day!
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. Hunter S. Thompson
Thanks & Yes we say! RT : Driving home on I-5 tonight and passed the #HereWeSayYes billboard! I LOVE IT!
God not only makes "New Things"...God makes "Things New"...Revelation 21:5
Damn, D.Rose just got us! Now I've gotta listen to these loud ass Bulls fans. Bucks played well though :)
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 34
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters, we're anxiously waiting for the fall weather to kick in! Are you?
Its clarity is a blessing.
Dear people freaking out about Jelena, I thought we were here to support Justin and his music career. Not his relationships.
our future is in or hands
Don't worry, the Browns will definitely be able to evaluate Weeden when Greg Little is his top target.
happy birthday my niggz finally legal
So I was pushing my nephew on the swing and he said, "whoa uncle Ron Ron, slow it down, where's the brakes at? Sheesh" lol too funny
WAKE UP MISS SMARTY PANTS WAKE UR BUTT UP!
Gotcha and wat do u mean DM u?
Strawberry plants have already sprouted this year gonna be a sweet treat sooner than usual
chill soon
Zucchini boats.... Ever heard of them? I'm making them, verdict to follow. Friends and family to test
I'm in a bathroom stall at The Standard Hotel (848 Washington St., at W 13th St., New York) w/ 3 others, don't have coke
THanks for the shout-out on DOUBLEBACK!
"Thirsty Thursdays" = Happy Hour: 12oz KINGFISHER Beer Only $3 or pick any other 12oz Beer for $3 as-well. (5pm-7pm.) PLEASE MENTION AD!
Here's a statistical oddity: #Brewers' struggling 2B Rickie Weeks, a 2011 NL All-Star, has a higher OBP (.306) than slugging pctg (.289).
You're welcome Anthony. Thanks for noticing.
I'm just gonna take NyQuil, I can't take these allergies anymore
100 more followers till 2K, I love my followers you're all the best<3
what up man! Replied to your email! dig the videos and your motto/lifestyle for sure! Let's do something!
WIF needs an L.A. key grip for one day for a no budget PSA. Any takers??
The best cure for being worried is through worship.
You cool. French Quarter fest also on my list.
would you care sending me updates? I'll direct message you my number.
haha. damn you! ;)
Twitter is the new bathroom reading material
You havereally done very well indeed
hey I just met you!
One generation ago men worked no more than 40 hours a week and could support a whole family with one income.
The Thing could put up a fight.
I want an app that let's you make apps
omfg #imagine a son like you, in love already <3
literally always plays Sexy and I Know it and The One That Got Away back-to-back.
kinda wish I was going on your bus, its gonna be like Ratchet central but I would laugh
yup, just watched this.....yup....
Oh, the DayTimer...
Alan Carr: "So Harry did you take a trip down Madison's avenue?"
Hairbag saved my life.
hey boo how you been You okay?
Ben Hochman from the Denver Post talks Nuggets coming up next!
Start socializing at Clyde's right after #ogi... then head over to Cap City later on ~7ish
If you grew up in a Wisconsin city of 9000 or so, imagine everyone in it lost their job in April. Everyone. That's Walker's record.
thanks for the RT!!
You will have to let me know next time you are up for #cocktails at #mgmgrand! We have great drinks for you to choose from!!
Mule pride.
Great to connect! RT BlkBenefactors Thanks for the follow! We are always excited to connect with other ethnic philanthropy orgs!
What I want for myself, I truly do want for everybody.
Bostonians, lend me your ear (or feedback): any recommendations for a Back Bay (Saturday night) dinner spot?
We won't stop until somebody calls the cops and even then we'll start again and just pretend that nothing ever happened.
Hoover Dam tour was incredible yesterday - they had a generator cutaway mockup that you could walk inside of - a dam good tour!
Ha Woke Up Watching South Park
Nobody wantz 2 sit @ home on a Saturday nite!!!
Love what you do for a living. Never ever settle.
Ok I sprayed them. Now I have a bunch of dead ants in my mailbox.
i wonder how much he payed for that media press
I am AMAZED shit like that exists.
is working on her website for class.
loved Curt Witcher's thoughts on leadership. Let's make some hamburger out of those sacred cows!
yes, but a smaller amount of them. I would say no more than 1 tsp. at a time.
you best be watching the beginning of Wisconsin's domination!
My bed has never felt this comfortable #goodnight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099><U+2728><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
no my dear it's already 11:30 am here :) what's the time in Iran??
Here. We. Go. 30 Mountain Climbers, 30-second Planks. Stomach tight, straight back and make it happen!!
don't make me say tornado siren!
Check out the local nobodies AP free download ....www.frankieflowers2.com
what's up??
hahaha yeah buddy!
Its a tennis thing? Hey id like to see you in tennis skirt ;)RT : Nah... Lots of tennis fans do!
I love Patagonia...hmm...does kick things up into the next price level...
I play R&B & Country on my show too, sadly just too many people regard "rock & roll" like they're bad words-blame Starship?
NUTELLA. M. I LOVE THAT SHIT. M.
Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing. ~ Vince Lombardi
All I want for Xmas is a new podcast to help get through a dead day at work tomorrow.
#Gameday Don't know if ill find anyplace that is playing the SKC game here though.
The Life And Times, Sleepcomesdown, Disguised As Birds-10pm-Tonight at Cactus Club! RT!
"Stay humble, stay focused." Seriously, Tweeps, it's the best advice I've ever received. It'll take you a lot further than arrogance will.
going to hulu.com
Someone in my office is eating bacon right now. As I am not that particular someone, I now have a sad.
An Infinite Thanks to The Creator, the Universe, and Everything That Is.
I didn't stay to watch the game. Had too much work. Hope to see you at a game! :)
todays been a little rough..
is rooting for Creative Cause in the Derby. We like the sound of that one.
Out of curiosity, why do you follow or listen to Steve Perry? You're a teacher, right?
lol what a wonderful story brea, thanks!
Thanks for the follow
I call fake niggas pantyhose...cuz when shit gets thick, they gona run
no waiting go get it
I just need to download and listen #SaySomethin but idk where's to download it<U+E413>
That site is amazing.
If you haven't seen the #FortWayne Civic's production of The Farnsworth Invention, you are missing out on an excellent performance!
You bet man.. You and Joel do great things.. Just wonder how long before you land big.. You are patient & smart thou!!
lets build.
Another double today #$$$
Look on the bright side. Suzyn Waldman could be the color commentator.
From your mouth to God's ears!! GO YANKS!!!!
i'm game for anything. suggestions?
I really wanna fuck wit cha that citiskateteam is official I'm coming up there in a couple we link 1
#ThoughtsDuringSchool Do you have a stick up your ass or do you naturally walk like an 85 year old man?
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
Thats so cool I live in California with and were US directioners!:)
What is definition of "leader/advocate"? Cynical thought - someone who donates money.
Ugh. The theme music for "Dino Dan" sounds so much like "Galaxy Quest" that I keep wanting to run downstairs and watch it with my kid.
Sister of suspected NY subway plotter testifies
I do not own such a device so I have no room to talk.
Apparently the one celebrity I'm related to has been accused of murder. Buh.
Yes! I knew you'd be jealoussy, come to San Diego my little orange colored freak!
plz follow me i love u with all my heart <3
SEASON OPENER TAMPA VS SPACECOAST ROCKETS MAY15TH EXPO STADIUM HTTP://WWW.DOUBLEDIAMONDBASEBALL.COM
Just loaded Girl Talk into queue. Ensue chair dancing...NOW
yeah im hurt bih! tell her i aint speaking to her ! HMPH
Good stuff at The Room last night man.
Happy Birthday !!!
Facebook, Amazon and IBM are among the tech companies seeking office space in the Flatiron, Chelsea and Meatpacking District
oh im never in there hahha
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Nokia, Research in Motion, Apple, Google and The Andersons
Victor says, is this ICE? Mercy says, yeah right... so why does it say CBP on their hats? Lol.
grrrrr. RECALL WALKER
Incredible day! High temps in Chicago give a nice respite from brain freeze.
Happy Labor Day everybody.
Yup. I'm mad, bro. I like McChickens. -.- lmfao
Grr, why do fake pockets even exist? :/
Saturday see at the NW Portland Williams-Sonoma store, 12pm to 4pm. Come down and test the hottness for yourself. Sauce too
Do it!!! It's awesome hahaha
At a talk with and
It's hard to believe I know, but it looks like they may have a business model that might turn around.
Social media marketing falls under PR, according to Do you agree?
New York City?!! GET A ROPE!!!
One meal replacement shake will fill you and help to stave off temptations.
Love PHX fans flipping out. U mad? Take it out on your team and not our players. Saying you want someone to die isn't good karma.
oh hay girl ;)
not helping... fate.. hm, that sounds reasonable
at LAX, about to fly to Dallas...
Hey! We need to get coffee sometime! I have some stuff to run by you guys thats really awesome :)
Just taped singing reel. Posting soon. What song did I choose?
` watching #HouseOfPain and i juss love Calvin&Miranda condo
If all of our winners would be so kind as to DM us your Zipcard #, we'll get you fixed right up.
Home from Texas, back to work tomorrow...sigh
i DON'T NEED TO BRAG ABOUT WHAT i HAVE &&ND WHAT i DO TO GET iT..JUST LONG AS i GOT Mi SUPPORT SYSTEM iM ALRiGHT..i DON'T ASK FOR ANYTHiNG..
The daily renewing of your mind with God's Word is something that should not be overlooked. It paves the way for His Spirit to dwell in you.
man that one I had was 2.49 but another one was 3 dollars for one fuckin little ass ball of cake that took them 10 cent to make
Tequila makes her clothes fall of <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
heck yeah! Picked up 2 bottles of pinot, just for you, bday girl! RT Birthday wine date after work manana?
we all love it :)
Rain, fabulous rain!
I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar
Wishing all of Indiana’s teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks so much for all of your hard work and determination.
There is a mom for the opposing team that keeps yelling for her pitcher son. She sounds like the "Lie down, Chauncy" lady from Dr. Dolittle.
I want a pet okapi...since I can't have a unicorn.
Ellen is always welcome! RT Albuquerque NM invites u 2 come to the ABQ international balloon fiesta in Oct!!
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. Jim Rohn
Fashion is not just beauty, it’s about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
Shockingly i managed to stay away from twitter for 2 months...not so shockingly i relapsed and im back.
RT : MT : Most disturbing moment: Realizing a music review accurately described a band as having "grown...
serious study of God takes time and effort, and I do think there are some who should be paid for it, for our benefit.
haha I'm watching him now.
You're welcome for not posting an #Instagram photo of my Mocha Cookie Crumble Frappuccino from You all know what they look like.
gargle with warm saltwater or black tea with no sugar in it.
no idea
is there a Pinã Colada in the mix?
Andy Gibb knew what it was all about.
#LeeDeWyzeRocksOurWorld, lets make it trend! RT
I hope .. We will see
Consider writing your home & destination & mobile on a self-adhesive sticky label to stick INSIDE your luggage.
We better burn while your out here dude!!
Divide & Conquer! Way to bring the state together. Great leadership!!
haha thanks sandi I appreciate it :)
Thanks for following the WSCC and Thanks for the Love
80 followers as of right meow! Wonder if I can get to 100 by EOD tomorrow.
naw its been a while. How's everything? We should all link up
This Mac Miller playlist is on
“: Internet access in a contact lens? Incredbible times.” yea, sounds unbelievable. Your blood sugar is high sir...
Train just arriving at penn station.. On my way to
happy early birthday!! =]
A photograph in Indy Star and now a byline in The Word? You are turning into quite the journalist! Congrats!
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Colgate Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
is NFL getting hat it wants, wild reax to suspensions they can say c we get push back when we go for safety, helps with suit?
I can't take a picture cause Guzzi keeps staring at me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
zoo date with ?
Oh, I'm so sorry.
One word you will never hear come out my mouth is mama. It's so ugly lol i'll just stick to sayin ma
How can the Federal Government not want to help increase border security? Do they think they are above the danger?
If you suffered a #heart attack, using #anti-inflammatory drugs as Advil or Celebrex can high 45% your risk to repeat it. / J. Circulation.
who needs to watch or listen to the Bucks (or Badgers), when you have Henry on Twitter! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
shush, you!
Judge approves deal between Prosser and Kloppenburg campaigns to do a partial hand, partial machine recount.
love the hashtag! where do you get good mexican food in our fair city?
Ancient Aliens is keeping me from housework. -_-
one day at a time. Congratulations!!!
hAPpy with my test :) And that's a wrap on U.S. history.
Good Afternoon Y'all.
The Mars Volta and Illustrator been keeping me company all morning. I'm having traditional drawing withdraws.
I graduated from NYU almost exactly four years ago. I'm pretty sure that means I now have a master's degree in Real Life?
"Officer Pineda" needs to find a new hobby. LOL
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave.
Tomorrows #MOTHERDAY gotta lover your mothers , you'll never get another !
Very Jewish. I'm reform. He's way to the right.
There's new BBQ in town #roc Stay tuned for details...
Oh the things you do for #love...#loveisgrand <3
Did u say u were in NYC? I wanted to invite u and Radio One, I am singing at TBN NYC Tues, May 8th 7pm w/ Donnie McClurkin hosting
I could really use a bottle of your juice right about now.
Apple iPad 2 Screen Thinner, Lighter: Rumors
Hm, we've decided that we don't like Google Instant. It may have some uses, but it is more of an hindrance than an help :( Opt-in please?
Canton Residents: There will be an informational meeting tonight 630pm @ St Anthony’s Hall about the plans for St Pat's Day on the Square.
Looks pretty awesome, but not a good representation because it's not a full house + standing room!
I miss you-_-
At #emspdx today learning more about #digitalarketing strategy.
Such a great show! Gonna miss everyone so much! Way to kill it ! Loved working with you! Hope everyone enjoyed.(:
Thanks for all of my new followers
haha thanks patches
Just a couple of days left until Keva Juice is scheduled to open!!
oh wordd me too buh im not bored
I don't think so
Be the man you'd want your daughter to marry!
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
Wishing I was shopping at Uniqlo instead of being stuck at work.. Lame
Tweet with your questions to a large player in the online music industry
Sorry Shelly. Definitely one perk of this job. I have my bike next to me and will be taking off in about 20 minutes. :)
We better be. Prepping for 2012 all year.
Wait, seriously? Picture, boy, picture!
National Champs! Still hasn't sunk in but we did send Darius out in style! #Dau1isDidCarryUs #
I don't wanna hear that from you!!
Soft suspension. World Peace has been suspended for seven games without pay for striking the Thunder's James Harden's head with his elbow
Talked 2 a friend who was with Matt Kemp last week and Kemp said "It takes a real man to hit a home run in San Diego let alone 3!" #Brauny!
JUSTANOTHERPENNY IS A WORTHLESS PIECE OF SHIT SHORT CNUV
Lets walk to the walden market, get icecream, then walk to the pool! Deal?
Defense wins games, but how can teams/games be won if no points are scored? It is hard to wins games with only a defense.
No idea. I swear I didn't yell "cheese" when I took that pic. Nice to meet you last night. Glad we got the iPad app issue fixed.
Shots of Apple Cider Vinegar. Yup, she's doing it.
Well they are not going to allow Hamas to run freely and murder people at will - which is obviously what you want!
Pulizzi: Transduction helps us understand loop between people & technology.
Platform litmus test: has growth, potential, your audience uses it & wants you there.
Harry's in LA??? :D i would look for him but it seems like he came here to get away from everyone
I think by Friday you'll gather who's behind this account.........or maybe not! ;-)
Preparing to celebrate the past, present, and future life of - HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
#MyBigCampus has Twitter integration! Awesome teacher tool!
long live those fashion quotes
CRAZY AMOUNTS OF TEARS
The only sense that is common in the long run is the sense of change
Got a track meet later today !
#hth2012 Frank: his own life spent chasing paper and making paper. I really like the historical anecdotes, showing deep roots of cur efforts
It's hard to let go, huh? That's life. #Watching Meet Joe Black
I just might try it. I don't have any of these ingredients so hopefully they won't be too hard to find. Thanks!
hahah thanks! What was your favorite part?
dadyj told me u were fierce...And i have to work it...To keep up!!
N I'm Sorry Dat U Even Had Ta Deal Wit Me
Watching The Bride Was Seven on Oxygen ... This is too sad!
Count your blessings
Haha everyone favorite/retweet last tweet.
It's all about the 212.
How much does the hate #RonPaul & his nutjob followers?? By sending $$ to a side operation than to #NV #GOP to keep it away from them!!
I been stealing majorships from people on foursquare. :-)
your awesome so please follow me back? :) i can say that i have grown up with you. i sang "crush crush crush" at myschool :D
hahahaha oh lawdy april.. I was talking about forever 21 but i did loose him in mcdonalds too! Loll
. Cryotherapy is very safe and very effective and leaves no scars. Above all, it is much more economical than .keloidsurvey.com
Heading over to the West Side for dinner with Ryan. Hoping I don't get caught in a crazy storm!
Well that defiantly deserves a #awkward lol
3-1 now. I'm a little behind.
My ringtone is now music from #TheHungerGames...and my notification is the mockingjay call.
We need some more fitness on the westside - Rocky River, Westlake, etc.
Buying children's books, and saw Tikki Tikki Tembo. Man, I haven't even thought of that one in decades!
omg girl I have to tell you some stuff I heard today ....
hurry up and get your homework done so we can actually talk!
Heh! Well, many languages not just english. Our class discussion tended to waffle back and forth on pronouns, got confusing
thanks for check n that out
#gospursgo are the first to 40 wins and have now won 18 in a row at home with victory over Rockets- have not lost at home since November.
Friday - 4/8/2011- DJ 12 TRIBE & B TRE Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe
We just booked an 800 #cakepops order an event at the Washington Convention Center!!!!
what about a shoutout to all your amazing fans? :)
i think you mean i've had a few beers, lol
it's really mature to post your problems on twitter.
I swear if Dr.Jackson can't get me in first thing in the morning... I'm going to cry.
What you stealin boxes for? You trying to build a clubhouse?
I have seen some of the best live shows ever this year. J. Lewis (and the Heartless Bastards) did not disappoint.
i do follow
Happiness is running an ethical company with a soul.
RT : Program will allow San Diegans to make donations to help homeless get off the streets in time for the holidays...
:) hope you made it by!
aaahhh but what if I do & I'm still singing the same song?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Snow potential for this coming storm, courtesy of WAOW Newsline 9 in Wausau. NW Wisconsin will get up to 15":
you mean "tweet"ering ?
Look there's no 'new' anything ok? New isn't new. Old isn't new. Old is old. That's all there is. Old is the old old. I need a hug
Big flakes coming down in east parts of the metro -- but too warm to stick for commute on valley floor.
hey #ROC want a great bronze glow in minutes? try our all natural,organic spray tanning formula,get a flawless,SAFE tan this winter!
hi Cathy nice to meet you too!
Tom Waits - Long Way Home - 09:12 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
that's the jam right?!
Tnight on 10, If you didn't get to go to the Inaugural Ball for Gov. Branstad, we take you inside the festivities, plus the wknd forecast
is that even a question?! YES OF COURSE!!!
working EXTRA hard to get all the orders out today/into tuesday morning. thanks so much. so thankful for our customers
I have joked for years that my generation may well be immortal what with science doing what it has. :)
well to get them u have to see if any celebrities are near you and find out where they are going to be :)
On the road!
nevermind, saw the announcement re gowalla
RT : Finally after two long years, #Beyonce has her new single out!!!
Driving to Rio from Guarulhos
Sunday reading: Clayton Christensen on disruption in online education - The Next Web t.co/kiSMOEDP
My creative modes are at odds: printmaking breaks my guitar-picking nails.
Wedding guests coming from out of town? Discount group rates available throughout the summer!!! Beautiful harbor views at a great price!
No doubt stay. The kid has LOADS of potential despite having a poor playoff round. He'll only get better with experience.
the 80s are back baby!
“: Lol. But you don't take basketball too serious.” I don't cause I don't care lol. They aren't helping my pockets
Animal kingdom is a worker which I like. Let me know if you want me to lay down a bet.
that is soo true I love seening him do that when he win a race
Yeah I am in class until 7.
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 16
First hour in LA and I've got a free limo ride. Hell yeah!!!!
iam a recent follower of TheBieberPeru now can you please DM justin bieber ?
seriously. what would i do without all the stupid people in the world to amuse me. i appreciate you guys!
Congrats! Looking forward to it!
Our volunteers ate doing a GREAT job! Lines are moving fast, in, out, then beer. #ReachTheBeach Packet Pickup right now!
almost, our project will be out this summer.
Hi Harry. <U+2665> My name is Caitlynn and I'm pretty sure you will never notice me. But no worries, I'll still support you 169%.
make sure you get STREET addresses if you think you may ever want to map your custmr/clt data
It's national chocolate chip day. What park has the best product made with them -Brad
will try to make it! Good to see you and good luck with your other sessions.
I'm not sure if it's allergies or what, but I'm feeling stuffy!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
are you gonna do the project for 5th period?
#mozmah sounds great from backstage!
I have so much to do.
oh, no! There's a God. He just wants to punish you.
pro-Braves sports bar = could be any sports bar in the South
Snow day in Seattle!
#RHOC finally pulled through tonight. Vicki and Breanna -- proud of u girls.
Big game for Point Park baseball today at 7 pm vs TBA for a spot in the NAIA World Series. Tweet us at &
Pumped to go see Paramore, and Chiodos next week :)
": score a lot of goals tomorrow and beat RSL, alright?" And clean sheet too!
work until 1030. Go Buckeyes!
Dual monitors, lol. Now of only it was 3D... :P Report coming up.
#GaySeal ... But you're sweet(; heartyou
Watching weather channel. Irene is a bitch..
Drops it D: fuck u Crane machine >:(
Thanks for sharing #BookPeopleUnite with your followers!
Can you see the show from where you’re at?
Tearing apart the Iowa Caucus live and then my man gets the Twitter spotlight at 9:30 pm EST - only on ZenLive.tv
I am a #Brewers fan but this Bobblehead is really cool. Next year with Ryan Braun. RT It's Official say.ly/JPa1pE6
my hair looked gorgggg today ok. :-)
thanks Kevin! Let us know your fav #pdx spots for a good bite
“: If you're not being paid to go to Bingas don't go”
Anyone know a good guitar player that needs a band? We can help.
schools don't know how to behave since class of '09 graduated lol. And they're apparently running out of money.
That sudden jerk you sometimes experience when you slip in a dream while half asleep is called a Hypnic Jerk
Dumb ppl really do have children RT SNOOKI IS PREGNANT!!! mazel tov!!! source just confirmed the ny post story with me.
Thank you! (:
RT - The Jacksonville Jaguars signed 3rd-year RB Albert Young
saw in the library today. We needa hangout
its okay, nobody at the worldwide leader of warts believes we can.
Great! We want to share the neat project management tips we learn today.
Cuyahoga county comissioner Dimora arrested at his home this am!
baby I want you so bad ;)
Donna Summer has died at 63: REPORT
Next up for Nylon Guys Apr/May issue: an interview with Tim Burton about Dark Shadows, his take on the camp-tastic supernatural '70s soap
Doug thanks for the RTs. Have a great weekend.
Week off of work but not a week off of work.
Hey writer friends...what are YOU working on these days? I'm writing a pilot :)
Lending ebooks on : Libraries take the physical book, digitize it, and then lend out the digital copy online
#idiots piss me off
LasVegasFirefighters’ high survival rate of heart attack victims not permanently incapacitated saves lives and lessens government burden.
And i gots to work on my Birthday :(((
Missed my 4,300 tweet... Oh well.
loooool. Not quite. How r the kids
calling it quits. touche library. as always, it was a pleasure. now, for that 8am homework... eh. no thanks
True or False: Tetris was invented in Poland?
How sad can it get when a incumbent stresses the "loyalty" of a challenger of their own party when they are challenged?
Whos out in louisianna im going to be in you tonight;) hit me up if you live out there, gambling and lots of beers and shots
Calendar of Events - May 2
Even my cat is happy #DearZim is ok :3
ok!! will b by tomorrow to pick it up!!
We got to see it too! So cool!
Dear YouTube if I wanted to watch commercials I would have turned on my tv. Duh<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Easton V12 is being replaced with a new Power Brigade version (will be up on site soon), not sure about the CP126 yet.
Dude on the keyboards is KILLING it.
K my day sucked but my night is already awesome! Gifts indeed.... prepare yourselves, for the Holiday Fear!
It's Friday!
“: Remember Pete Wentz? He's just the dj at the club I'm at. Yep.” Celebrity sighting!!!
NEW SPECIAL RIGHT NOW!! HIT ME UP FOR RECORDING OR PRODUCTION!
": lol not funny cuzin im tired n sleepy"<=slap dat hoe when she get there!
All day and night your the one im thinking of being with making u laugh making me smile.. & just being ourselves with e/o
#DreamShake #Houston RT : If Im Blake Griffin I make an appointment to see Hakeem Olajuwon over the summer
Bout to KO gotta handle sum biz n tha AM!
Craziness in 77S near 82B - SWAT, K9, city and county police. Major delays.
#AskDerulo Will you tweet me just to say hi?
Blah. So very blah. So very bored.
Waiting on this good pizza though
And ANYONE can test me, I'll know any song to every lyric of that man. I can put money on it that I have Yeezy music that no one owns.
Just recorded an additional two tracks for "left". Stay tuned for a sample.
NASA Space Shuttle Lands in DC... The final flight for space shuttle discovery!! Amazing!! Go #USA!!
Same Plavix commercial at the same time on both CNN and CNBC just now. Creepy, and am now wondering where I can get some. Guess it worked.
Vanilla! :P
Your 10 year old has a cell phone? RT : Just got a text from Kal, he is on his way back from his Mom's...
What creates romance is the ability to see yourself as lovable.
With Toot Away, you won't smell toots. Nice.
future generations will look back in wonderment that it took us so long to legalize art marriage.
yes! My son is so much cooler than half the people I know! :-)
#Brewers offense is looking awful today. Brewers making Mets pitcher Batista look like a Cy Young winner.
follow me please i need to DM you something :D
crossfit belltown. I love that place
#dontactlikeyounever swore at your computer screen thinking it would fix it.
Helping start a new, old business. Vintage amplifier repair. Kinda refreshing dealing with old tech.
There's a reason why I only go to a couple people for advice.
yes I would love an invite! I'm so curious!
omg omg you guys blog is back! This is one of the few beauty blogs I read religiously, off to go catch up on posts
Think like a man has the finest cast ever!!!
The most shocking aspect of this Penn St. fiasco is how these guys were able to cover it up for 14 years.
So oil prices rise in concerns of bad economy and they also fall on concerns of bad economy? Ljsfhdfvyubct
fasho u still on this hoopin shit? cuz i already know been bumming it up
Don't find a fault; find a remedy. - Henry Ford
Laying in bed relaxing the only way I know how wit comin thru the speakers. <3
#Following This is a nice song ! (:
Remifemin Without The Black Cohosh Side Effects Is A Great ...
takes on the Spicy News tomorrow. Godspeed little doodle
Got training 9am-5pm this Saturday.
what's next?
&#39;Uprising&#39; documents role of hip-hop in L.A. riots
Starships were meant to fly hands up and touch the sky.
head to desk=zotero n00b. moving on.
If the stage falls in the storm will You Tube show it
He was Bryce Harper before BH. He wasted 5-6 good years. That's why I think he'd be in the GOAT class if not.
national cable news reporting from Long Beach which is good but local news has better updates from long island
Fun-dip in my purse. Me--=> =D
thanks, girl! I've never had the problem of deciding which show to go to out here. Haha. I miss you!
so curious looking..
I just hit the floor in hysterics. HEY! Good idea! I'll just show up at kid's school and do that in the cafeteria every day.
you got some nice work man. Would love to chop it up with you sometime.
counting all different ideas, drifting away
Good lord! Lol!
Back at that booty Sams Club, commonly known as Food 4 Less. Sorry
Just got of class and I see this female with some boots on
Feeling claustrophobic trapped in the valley all weekend.
S/o to Nick young for hoopin in his red foams. We hoop in our shit
Writing papers today is only being accomplished with the Totally 80s album playing on repeat
#KUIK AM 1360 Everyday Cooking segment today-Ginger Salmon w/ Garlic beans & Spinach and Celery & Tuna Salad 4:30pm go to www.kuik.com
I know that you probably hear this a lot (sorry!) but I really like your nose! :)
Check out Friday.
Her: Yeah but i like this song & i wanna burn her. Me: Stop ! D'; Her: >:)
I gotta find it.
are you going to have another twitter party?
Has the best support system ever! Thank you and
soulja boi approves of your new album. Now you can die happy.
1) cut 1 medium to large potato/person into fries 1/4" thick; 2) put in a pot on stove (stacking them is fine);
it IS my weekend! :)
Well another colt player gone our center Jeff Saturday sign with green bay packers you always been a true colts center ands thanks :)
I share that fear...
helped plant trees today with Keep Indianapolis Beautiful.
what do u mean
That line up looks absolutely amazing, food and wine-wise. I'm salivating.
up its arse!
main u lame as hell if u dont know about da mayweather fight
Wished I could be going to Fayetteville tomorrow for the game :(
nice have fun
relax, BREATH I love you<3
As a joke x]
We are hearing from Margaret, who survived Bergen-Belsen and Melvin, who served in the American Field Service.
Nice! Keepin it fresh!
Picking hubby up from work. 1 car family until next week when we get to Michigan!
wutz good i got a neo soul joint im working ima send you a snip..so let me know wut you think..
Ash no me quede al partty :/
I wish I could punch lakers fans in the face. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
but NJ isn't that big a step down in $$$. It's still NYC, Bklyn in a couple years, alongside Jay-Z.
hey love
text me
Got to do something!!!
Thanks Babes Tell Him I Andd` My Brothers HAD Swine Flu
“: Goodmorning!! RT : Good morning tweet peeps..”
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
vegan cheesecake looks delicious. can't wait to try the recipe.
that's great news!
RT It doesn't matter how we got here, one game do or die nothing better then a game 7 in a sold out building
- this is my lesbian sister
Im rockin black and white tadai fa mi pictures at school
Merry Christmas hockey fans! <3
i enjoyed The Descendants you fucktards ;) I just dont enjoy shitty movies that you do jeff aka Yogi the Bear
Why are they called pig tails and pony tails? Why not "she always wears her hair in lion tails?" #deepthought <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0092>
Happy Thursday! Please join us at www.knowledgesafari.com - #specialneeds - exciting things going on - summer tips from experts, etc.
Governor Perry is a freaking joke. I feel like I'm listening to and looking at a Bush clone.
Legacy from the New Boyz is sexy as fuuuuck.
Bumpersticker said, " No tea party for me, I can think for myself" Found it at www.zazzle.com/jerwin
just bought my first new bike in a long time despite my fears about city biking in SF. it helps that the bike is beautiful!
that's what I was saying hahaha. Wasn't gonna be mean.
ATTENTION! We want to hold a contest where your agency/business could win a year's subscription (Val. > $1600). DM me if interested. PLS RT.
Heard ya girly RT : Text me,ASAP
I dont have any patience :/
that's a good list! and they could all be used together...somehow :)
I'm officially adding "has an iPhone" to my list of dating criteria
I'll be your safety school if you like!
Haha keep reading... He changes his mind several times. Some of his conclusions probably aren't very tweetable.
My last XYZ Rep. promised me (enter lie here)-- not a great introductory statement
Lumberg popped into my head immediately. Um yeah....
gonna tease my hair today (:
We all need somebody to lean on
if i was texting you hold on, im updating my iphone. its taking me a while cause my dumbass didnt know what i was doing haha.
Living away makes you miss some people and get annoyed by others!!!
Why is Shane Mosley still fighting? Like who told him it was cool to take this fight? Like c'mon Shane just promote fighters & fights
Nice to connect. Let's coordinate a way to meet up.
yep, been doing that for years. It does stain the ice cube tray, so you'll want one dedicated to that.
S/O to my cuz, PARTY LIKE A ROCKSTAR! Drafthouse time
Damn you, voice of reason!
Heading over to the #Chicagoautoshow and look forward to seeing the new Ford Fusion, , Dodge Dart, GMC Acadia and the BMW X3
I think the space between my seat and center con has a gravitational force that sucks anything in my lap in it. I hate that space.
Grrrr.... give the geriatric the respect shes due!!!
Tryna bring back the term bling bling cause we flossy.
What costs $27,000 a year, worth bullshit, and can get no fucks from me? Hint: located between greektown, Pilsen, and the Medical District.
I agree with Nick!!! Just saying....
First yoga practice after 4 months=depressing.
congrats #WVU PROVE THE HATERS WRONG!
come to firewheel with me tomorrow!
Still, 10% is hefty on larger traffic sites. I think they are pushing toward becoming a "content delivery service" :)
QoTD: "A determined person doesn't find it hard to succeed; they find it hard to stop trying." (Allen Steble)
JUST SHUT UP ND LEAVE HER ALONE!!!!!! STOP BEING A BITCH
in earlier Div I State Tournament games, No. 3 Waiakea (Hawai`i) defeated Castle (O`ahu) 5-0 to advance to the next round
50 days until Chicago Warped tour! I cannot wait.
which I read first in the Detroit News. Got any original reporting to offer?
the breakfast of champions!!!
RT : Waving hello to , thanks for the follow!!
get em Jake!
A SWOT analysis may be carried out on a project, department, person, or other. (part 2 of 2)
I'm just not sure if I care to read it & I don't want to prejudge just in case. Will refollow soon...you kill me!
Ugh. I can never take a real sick day can I? Legitimately sickly today but need to write a rec letter, talking points, and a report. ugh
I bet Daddy's gonna get about 20 more questions about his Harley being for sale during this yard sale.
My pool needs to be opened asap
In #band with and aka my buds :)
I disagree it's 2,670 I like round numbers :)
I really wish I could see you guys on this tour. :(
just finished sending my dad about 20 pictures of austin. if he see's him at the airport he has no excuse to not know who he is lol
Never cook naked.
Downloaded a bunch of to my phone horray :) I like the old and new albums :) fuck I like them all.
Feeling creative... Firing up my studio and going in with any kind of instruments. Lol
it's amazing. If you ever come down, be sure to let me know.
hey would u mind if I made stickers of the illustration I did of u when its finished..its the Mod Sun Friendbase FB profile pic
it shouldnt be because you didn't say anything. Its my fault girl, i'm sorry.
You ever been to Mansfield?
First PCB has been fabbed and is on its way!
My husband works there- it's a great place! RT: Took a tour w/ Andrew Gerbitz who works @ Y in Oconomowoc
I missed you anyway ;)
Do that have supplements like amino acids for canines with allergies?
we cool:) haha yeah but im more american;D
And boom, just like that it is work-in-your-underwear weather.
Strand Events Today: The Shelby County Players are holding their annual fundraiser “Divas” at the Strand at 7:30pm.
Send me a message, I'd love to chat more about it!
I stand by my earlier reply. The final score will be 14-0.
Thanks! I low that guitar! -Grant
#GrowCo love your energy Keith!
Brother Blow Please keep on this case I applaud your hard work and tenacity and I noticed Joe Oliver disappeared since LD Show
Aromatherapy is such a powerful tool.
I want to throw up every time I finish eating Kbbq.
So, klout says I'm influential on academics, but not education. Probably a useful distinction.
I hate to say it but... FIU biscayne is so much better than FIU Modesto /:
<<< NO WAY WOULD WE EVER FOLLOW THIS! LOL
Oh blue sands, I don't want to go out there and pretend.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!!
thanks for watching!
and some of the food court. And the arcade.
I wonder when it'll click for me that my neighbors can actually see inside my new apartment... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Finished the "Call Me Maybe" cover and it is awesome. I'll post in 2 weeks. Since the WMYB cover is still getting so major buzz.
If a flower can grow out of a dark moment....so can I!
don't worry you'll get it, you you go to the people I follow, you will learn so much about 1D(the things they tweet)
My plans consist of #Diablo3 #betatesting today. It's pretty
I'm not going to be able to make it tonight, sorry, I know you looking forward to me being there. #mohrstories eeeww hey buddy!
In one hour you can see GourmeMist on "Steals & Deals" on Channel 7 in NY WABC / TV and Listen at KABC / Radio! Get 50% off our Starter Kit!
I am not working from home and earning $447. Do not click. I was hacked. Sorry. Jack
What if kittens hatched from eggs? I've been trying to determine if that would be cute or weird...
": #ImHopingThat we can make it last "
Hope deferred makes the heart sick, but a longing fulfilled is a tree of life
I feel like I shouldn't unpack since I'll be packing again in two months. Lol
I am amped up Website is looking really good!
u go check on that chese bread!
Herah! It's the week end. I got to sleep in!
a it's work it's better then nuthing for real
NY Comedy Festival this weekend! Performing in the Love Machine Show on Friday
#FF May she live long and prosper
I just want 8flavahs to go home. no offense. I just don't like them.
Flawless, love. <3
I must have sat on a spider last night at work cuz I came home with 14 bites all within a 6 inch area on my hip. Itchy, itchy!
add mm e on Skype! Snicky12
Tick tick.
are y'all performing the same songs on the 19th, that y'all did at JoshMosh?
For those just tuning into the #culturalmuseums event, Dwane Starlin is onstage enacting Joseph Henry, 1st Secretary of the
Thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music! We wish you success on your projects : )
thank you for sharing the event, we look forward to seeing you tonight!
I want an iphone4
wish you could have joined us!!!!
is coming to Harvey's Lake Tahoe on July 21. Tickets go on sale Feb. 24. Who's going?
In the market for a new watch
Sometimes the hardest thing to do is the right thing to do.
You too! Don't forget to give me a call whenever you are in town. We should be having a social in the fall. :)
Lol, I was getting to that Damion.
Go to my Web Site! www.workathomegeeks.com
"Every good relationship is based on respect. If it's not based on respect, nothing that appears to be good will last very long."
Now all we need is a first home-run.
RT : Hate being at work? Vomit on your boss' desk.
You and the boys are adored.
#prayforreysa oh God i wish she will be fine O:)
I m glad that you and everyone had a great time. :)
No you paid cash to find out how Sandra Bullock uses 'The Shells'. No shame there.
GUESS WHO MET MOON TODAY?!!?! OMG
AL THE TIME!!!!! so...Naked Surfer? I am guessing you surf Playa Linda?
no longer at cook. I'm officially at my new job. I sent you the other user name last week.
Isaiah 10:1-2 "Woe to those who make unjust laws, ... making widows their prey and robbing the fatherless."
Call me maybe XD
ya that taco place is the epitome of a Bordain late night pig out clip from No Reservations. Fav ep was Japan filmed b4 quake
#Whynotfirst? Claude deserves the #Hart. Malkin? Erased in playoffs.
Only a few tickets left for #RoseontheRoof. Excited to meet all the new Winos!!
shower of shite
I have literally spent thousands of $ purchasing gear 4 my teams through #Eastbay & still get treated horrible everytime I call 4 a quote
Finished #reading (listening to, actually) In a Strange City by Laura Lippman - getting caught up on the fun Tess Monaghan series.
Never noticed this before, but raw pizza dough and freshly painted rooms have a very similar smell.
cant wait to break this thing in
Taking a gander at #Justified tweets; people seem to underrate Dicky. He's no Raylan or Boyd, but he can be quite cool & sly under pressure.
Getting ready to head over to the #PKEtwEATup pretty soon to enjoy the last weekend in July!
About 40 here, and a touch rainy. It's not snow, but on the bright side, there is no ice! =)
Im home in Pittsburgh see u at romp n roll at 8:45
Zombieland sequel in 3-D Oh I hope this is true!!!
Your *company* should be thanking !
S/O to hard work pays off!! #nf I am an engineer and producer at Soul Asylum Studios, followback so i can DM u
just got a new laptop from my amazing brother and sister... I love you guys, thank you for everything. =) <3
i got the hang of it now, i love it!
Over 1billion smart phones by 2014 and present a huge marketing platform.
Happy Birthday!! I'm going to make sure I tell you this everywhere I can!
Santee considering another go at letting chickens into the city after councilman Jack Dale brings it up again. Dale now owns a black chicken
amazing! Congrats! Love you!
"You came along with your tiny heart - You let us in the wooden house to share in all the wealth." ::beach house::norway::
Rachel Zoe marathon on Style!? Yes please!!
Jazz will be swept 2mor ;-)
not much help for homeowners with foreclosure sale dates looming....
Candice has been getting ready for a damn hour now & I gotta meet with my advisor before 5:15 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
New Monthly #Special! 10% off select #LED Lighting and 15% off #PROMIX HP&BX!
well something good just happened!!! Woo!!!!
ROASTED! RT Like Syracuse, it appears Kansas also misses Fab Melo.
Watching #Hoosiers and wishing the #illini didn't suck so much.
IMMMA TELL YOU ONE TIME
perhaps a gin tasting party on so little sleep was a poor life choice
too late to join me?
Thanks, Rob!
20 of us just erupting in cheer like the it's the Superbowl, congrats who just won #topchef #texas!!!!!!!
Say Yes to ! Let the "Yes to" #natural beauty brand creator tell you about his phenomenal
Serendipity cannot be explained, or can it? Lose someone and another steps right in? Serendipity or coincidence?
The Heat's win over the Knicks will be appal-lin!
let our environment go, we let our economy go. Definitely connected!
lol I hear u
RT #thankfulfor: this absolutely gorgeous day to drive back to Chicago with my grammy. Happy Sunday, happy May everyone!
“: appearances are not simply the cheerleaders for the football team of essences”
i definately like him with Genesis more than solo - i think some of the stuff without him is ok, but not too much
RT : You know your an artist when your put your paintbrush in your coffee. again. and drink it anyway.
SO JEALOUS! Sometimes I just sit & stare at pics of my goodbye toad in the hole. I wonder how well cheese straws travel?
Stopping traffic at CMA fest with Hillbilly....stop by and say hello
You should! Me and my best friend both love you and would die of happiness if we saw you!!(:
Go see Megachurch tonight at
Does anybody know of a good remedy for a sinus infection? Other than "Don't get a sinus infection in the first place", of course.
No be mad at me..
It's kinda a Chicago staple so you should check it out. Andy's jazz is another good spot.
Newt is getting ready to endorse himself in Florida.
A party room turns into a hoarding accident
hello, I'm the editor for High Glitz Lounge. Would love to feature you and your line of make-up
RT if you know who's birthday is Saturday in 5 days!!!
it's beautiful :)
Rainy Monday, away from home... Sometimes I hate this job.
at FCC release of consumer survey of broadband adoption at the Brookings Institute
RT : Headed to the kalvelage mansion this am. Can't wait to see what it looks like inside!
This immobilarity from Rae is so slept on. But, maybe ppl are putting out shittier music these days....
Great sports day in Atlanta. The Braves and Hawks both win! MAKE SOME NOISE ATL!
they killed it as usual.
SARAH IS AT THE MAINE CONCERT AND SHE CALLED ME AND IT WAS PERFECT EXCEPT I COULDNT HEAR IT.WOO
The rich have a free ride from the police and the DAs and judges in America
hmm im bored right now
I am majorly bummed out.
#peoplewatching in the library and Severus Snape walked by
I'm so sleepy
I knowww. But I already missed most of it. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
If there were no guns in existence, then nobody would ever get shot and killed. How many of you own one or more guns?
Promoting the natural history museum, City of LA features 3 dinosaurs. Won the Crown City Innovation award.
I'm makin' gravy without the lumps!
I wanna meet people from a different state, everyone in Wisconsin are all the same. )X
Plans are coming together for IA weekend! & will be going to #TheBank to see & celebrate my bday/her graduation!
Laundry room change machine. Why do you hate me?
Gordon turns the corner and bursts for about 30 yards, down to the 20
Tonight will be a night of #EPIC proportions! Join us tonight and then after-ups Password = "MVP" Tables? DM us
Yikes! Twitter spam on fire with
Went driving today and it was a success
3 things to never ignore: your company's reputation; your company's first impression; your company's own voice & style
Paula! Paula!
somebody got mad at me last week for my follow friday tweets... oh, well...
With , looking forward to hearing what Jeff and Steve have to say.
<U+200E>"Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Hey today was so much fun cause i went on a scavenger hunt with my brother and my cousin and after i was done i found $7.00 in the egg! FUN!
SHOUT OUT TO THE WORLD AND ALL MY GOONIES I HOPE EVERYBODY IS HAVING A GOOD DAY....-YOUNG.S
r u slangin chickens that r slangin Hawks lol
TNAU sets up multimedia lab - Hindu Business Line
And on a second note... I miss
what are u doing ?
Thanks for coming by Drew! Hope you enjoyed yourself.
I agree that 30 Rock has seen better days but I still consider it a top comedy.
June bugs in May? Warm summer?
#Wed. #HighSociety at Club MyStudio Hosted by R&B Artist Mario & Birthday Bash for Rsvp TXT3235235851
Congrats #LebronJames #MVP #TonyParker is the true #MVP ;-) But as we all knw teams in Texas or MidWest(Durant) won't ever get credit!
Ever since I was a kid, I was dreamin' bout this. First day of practice, I was thinkin' bout this.
worth the commute? #Rockies Mini-Plans still available for 2012. Pick your own 25-game package & get one game free
In the new Spider-man movie, he wears shoes that stick to walls? And mechanical web-shooters? That just makes him a really strong guy.
Getting antsy...it's really tough to go running when you're in a walking boot
did I tweet that out loud?
Had my second mean green juice. This one not so bad. Playing with a juicer is fun!
thank you :) I love you too! Can't wait for Disneyland!
be sure to catch an interview w/ Molly Holly on www.mondaynightmayhem.com tonight before #WWE + #TNA go live!
Husband hauling 2nd water craft to St Paul from parents' sold lake place; this one our trusty Lund. Will be exploring urban waters soon.
No matter how many times I look at my tickets.... no dice. Damn.
Leaving work. Berkley Front tonight!
thanks so much!!
Popped the lenses outta my 3-d glasses.Now there Nerd glasses bitch!haha
#FF welcomes aboard new follow and support his event on April 21st. We are! See you there!
Our La Jolla gig fell through. We're now available to play May 21-29 in So Cal. Chinese buffets, hospital, schools, weddings. Any takers?
Great day @ the Coconut Grove Arts Festival today. Amazing work by all the participating photographers.
I had to turn in tix. Do get em from there. :)
I find a lot of accidental haiku on twitter.
Let's ACT offended so we can get some attention (comics who are supposed to hate political correctness but are mad @ Ashton).
My shoulders sore AF
Ikr! Such a funny kid!!!!
She sexy, she fine, she say she love me, I know she lyin', we stay fuckin'....from time to time...
cannot put down the manuscript for the upcoming book by A great look into the silly - and drunken - days of old
abs might be sore tomorrow. sweet. oh, how i've missed bellydance!
...if he don't know now...he'll know later!
Please add new sponsors apps more!!!! I really need it to unlock paid apps!!!
Watching That's So Raven with and
she brought people with her?
drinks sun or mon together??
Yep tasty! Glad I have another option aside from Redbridge & Bard's. I hear rumors more G-free beers r a' comin.
I think that is fine; you sing and I will just play. We can try that one song at a time. I can sing anytime!
I'm still on fall back time! Couldn't sleep ran 2 miles on my tread & watched Brick City-LUV IT! Integrity=
Kelley: 's election doesn't mean we're in a post-racist society. We've seen ugly backlash
Looking for more beats?!...
Bait a hook.
did you tell them to suck it
Aw no. More craziness to ensue. Haha. What's the craziest/weirdest thing you've eaten so far?
WooHoo! Just stocked up on Corona! It was on sale for 2.99/6pk!
Do people just not realize that singing is NOT for everyone. I'm getting really tired of hearing all these people singing that can't sing.
They ain't givin the Heat no kinda fouls!!
My nigga told me u going! Haha
ah omg :'O i can't believe it ....thank you SO much for follow me <3 OMG<3 i love you...njksjkiowjeikerjpo
I know! Wtf
"What's new pussycat?! Can you dig the satisfaction?!" From the song,"Thunder Kiss 65" by White Zombie
"I'm like a hairless rat rn." o.o
aye u know rosemo700 got smoked
Makes my day when I go to make coffee and already has it waiting for me.
i voted for yall can i get a follow backplease #YOMO #TeamMindless LOVE YOU GUYS WITH ALL MY HEART:):):)
sorry i fell asleep!!!
Great time of year for incarcerated Jews to reflect on their lives & what they've done. They're all capable of change if they're willing.
MATURE TREES: It is important not to disrupt the root system that has been established by the tree.
imy seeing you're ass too ! but i didn't make it ); fml.
Human Centipede 3 will have a 500+ person-pede? What has this world come to?
Shuttle driver is an elderly man who is talking about the price of live cattle. Uh...
I hope had a stinkin awesome graduation weekend! Glad I got to celebrate w/her at least for a little while ;)
Happy St Patrick's Day ! #happypaddysday Slainte
Send us links to your pictures, articles, etc. so we can share them with everyone!
i dont think I knew anyway and I cant erase the image of the pillsbury dough boy as "poppin' fresh"
what's oomf
What item in your closet makes you feel the most fabulous when you wear it? Now, when was the last time you put it on?
Hope to see you all tonight celebrating #Disability_Awareness_Month with for #Murderball, 4:30pm at Herron!!!
Can't decide between watching the end of the game or laying down b/c my stomach hurts. I'm inclined to the latter but probably the former
I just made "Steakums" for the first time, that's the weirdest looking meat I've EVER seen...and tasty! Go protein...
and for some, very lucrative.
yea we did i was driving crazy tho shit i dodged like 3 possible accidents lol
my tweets are bi-poar. 8)
N here getting my Allen Iverson "Practice" on getting Ready 4 my $ession with BuBu da Producer... Hope y'all had a Safe & Happy weekend FL3
Forbes Midas List Recognizes Institutional Venture Partners (IVP) - MarketWatch (press release)
Well played hahaha
"What do you wear to the future of genocide?" - Jose Esteban Munoz (2011) The CFP is out for #CES part deux!
RT : Sorry late to tweet today had to fix a leaky faucet. I will save 3,000 gallons of water per year! Happy Fix A Leak Week
who knows? I know one that want make it to the game.
Moving back to Houston...trying to rent out my apartment. I hate Craigslist.
Today's lunch feature is a savory & vegetarian. Provençal Artichoke sandwich w/ Creamy Tuscan Tomato soup. Enjoy with a Schneider Weisse.
Defense wins championships.
What a god night :))
#NBAisBack Lockout is finally over! Can't wait to go to a Bucks game! Fear the Deer!
Monday morning, already?!
this was my last social- cave-of-solitude …and now… :)
Some say: the left wants to convince independent voters to waste votes on non-viable candidates to save Obamas reelection efforts,)
Alan Gross: "I feel like I'm a hostage." -
+1 “: The truth is, is a heck of a human being. Lucky to have him in #MNLeg.”
The feeling is entirely mutual. CONGRATS! Now, time to bask in a job well-done.
See ya Sunday at Miller Park!
I hate getting prank calls -.-
Creating situations in your head that will never happen in real life.
": Is being detail-oriented something a person can learn or is it innate?" falls under realm of fake it 'til you make it.
Rudy is the only boyfriend my mom has ever liked <3 awh mom likes ma babehhh
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! O
He said it! "I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel." - Puff Daddy
Had a rough start to the morning now ready to take on this day
where i live the people are like messed up! haha
you can be our driver and beer runner!
Everyone Go Listen/Download My New Beat On Sc "The Empire" Soundclick.com/zoeonthebeat
I anxiously await double barline COOKIES! RT : I think I smell next year's prize-winning cookie!
In the end family is all we got . Keep your head up and I love you <3
Ears are still ringing from the music. Nite!
Time to sleep...Hope to see you tonight at REHAB...
great new avi!
Bed #tired. I missed my bed
RT An estimated 22,000 pregnancies from rape could be prevented with access to emergency contraception
Some girls are like summer, no class.
okay w.e everyone have different opinions allrite :O
Life is either daring adventure or nothing
Made it onboard, but barely. DEN to PDX. Farewell #drupalcon! Good luck to everyone at the sprints!
why? Damage control? “: #mcfc have apologised to #mufc & Ferguson for Tevez's 'significant error of judgement.#”
Yes- I was telling her to talk to Leo, he has the gift to gab... and makes a hell of a drink /cc
WAIT. so Tom was just a cop, and when the railing fell he tried to protect Justin but Justin misunderstood and fought back??
Just heard my first song..it was pretty awesome gotta say im a fan now
Register for the Heartland Worship Institute before the end of January for the lowest price ever of only $89. Jeff Deyo, Bob Sorge....& more
the pieces of Mika Tajima's installation The Architect's Garden have arrived!
RT : Ain't it crazy how people that don't know you will support you more than the people that do?
Y'all all make it rain but I make it hurricane
aww that's the best way to wake up! Have you gone to the dr about your migraines?
dude it bout made me puke fureal like this movie is something I wish I never bought its trash.
The most worthwhile life is spent discovering your spiritual core and building your existence on it.
Haha nice! Congrats! =) I'm moving on into my 3rd year in the fall. :o
he's lucky!
Ugh, don't remind me.
Oh i'm sorry was that a power play !?! Wtf
only all the time!
IS CHINESE FOOD REALY "CHINESE FOOD" ALTHOUGH ALL THE PPL IN THE KITCHEN MEXICAN?! HA' #SHOUTOUT TO THE MEXICANS!
I can't wait for tomorrow. Goodnight!
Congrats to Joel Ward and the #Caps for knocking off the mighty #Bruins!
for sure!
Can't Wait Till Saturday , Gonna Spend Tha Day With My Dude.. 04172012(: <U+2665>
Just hearing about bin laden's death. In related news, CNN.com is useless on a mobile device.
That douchebag can play a little ball, no?
Ringo's Mexican food count on this trip now up to 5. Happy Cinco de Mayo!
#Blazers 46-44 over the #Nets at halftime. Wallace: 4 points, 6 rebounds for NJ. Aldridge with 14 points. Only Blazer with double digits.
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo always be there everytime and loyal..
Congratulations on vocalist of the year!
Can't stop players and their friends/family from tweeting draft info before networks announce it.
Oh you're cool. You have a curse word in every sentence you say. -.-
amateurs... this girl got an A!
at the sapient party on the rooftop with seats and plenty of room!
I'd like to think the loss to ASU kept UofA out of the tournament. Whatever makes me feel better...
You're a lifesaver. Thanks for keeping an eye out on our behalf! (One of these days, our paths HAVE to cross!) :-)
Google Wave Dead to All Except Chrome Users
yep Fire on the Mountain is not to be missed!
Thank God I'm stronger today than I was yesterday. Always remember things happen for a reason.. Thank God I've realized the truth
43rd District Democrats will not take a position on Seattle Referendum 1 (tunnel replacement of viaduct).
Any word? Still want the Small jersey?
Sounds like a fun night to us! Thanks for joining us for dinner!
"Pay no attention to what the critics say... Remember, a statue has never been set up in honor of a critic!" -- Jean Sibelius
haha! Last night i saidd more on here than I have the whoooleee time i've had it! Lmaoo .
Still edible?
fuckyoutoo666 liked your photo: Cat Women of the Moon!
Even though factoring involves B2B transactions, a large percentage of retail business utilizes a Factor.
the guy at camera store used a film box to open and rewind my (apparently) torn film.
I love
i should never second guess myself on waiting for the bus. ALWAYS WAIT FOR THE BUS. same amount of time as walking and you're not tired.
Hi, my name is Doug. That's "god" spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.
Boy stays grounded. Mom explains that actions that take only seconds can result in pain that lasts a long time. Boy loves Mom.
text me tomorrow :) lol its past your bed time !
hot honey and organe whilst watching Wayne's World with my best girl. Were both fluy little ladies. <3
For some reason, today wasn't as restful as my off days usually are. Stress, begone!
The lord is blessing Without Delay! Keep praying for our ministry! It's working. :)
Sounds about right RT Workin with & at Rondor... You can say we are proceeding to "go HAM" if you will..
too awesome :)
is loosing her battle with cancer quickly. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tweet her, just so she knows you love her.
Crystal told the teacher to call her dragonfly. Weird ass bitch
One of the most thrilling final 4-5 minutes of an NFL game. Alex Smith has officially arrived. What took so long?
How's it going buds? We've been working lots of new songs! Just released our first EP last month
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.
Speaking of leadership events: The Legends & Leaders event on 5/22 is featuring The Gilt Groupe - who's coming? CC:
Do you think Steve Jobs left Apple with some great ideas of his so the company can continue creating the best new thing, though he is gone?
Whatever lol!!!! same here can't complain
Dude, still waiting 4 the game. Hey, i got an idea, how about I spam promote you to trend? I'll try.
gonna watch you on blogtv! Btw hope u have a good prom!
Certainly understandable. Love the idea though. Will be fun to follow
wadd up wiz khalifa tics on deck @ nwc !! stupid mad gear on deck no swagger jackers allowed ! we keep az sexxy
You don't need to hide friend, for i am just like you.
if you were working you'd have time.
Thanks for joining us, ! Did you get a cone or a dish?
haha, this made my morning. impossible not to laugh at those eyeballs. Thx for coming last night! so fun
New #avi #time were we goin
- hoping you weren't majorly delayed. that just wouldn't be right. did you ever see the WaPo feature on Brooksley L?
Ugh I want to go to cedar point, but I have dance competitions the next two weekends -.-
Thank you Tulalip for a great show tonight. Now, time to catch some z's. Goodnight everyone!
A good use of schema.
thought I'll Have Another too far out at 19, nice job : Good effort by Went the Day Well, but a little too late.
S.A. Madison leads Harlingen 28-13 at the half. Looking at some stats & so far it seems like Laredo United gave the Mavericks a better game.
¤ Those who wish to appear wise among fools among the wise seem foolish. Quintilian
Man this is so ridiculous. I cannot wait for this party. FRIDAY PLEASE HURRY!
good luck in the Big Apple!
lol oh well
Everybody is out for self these days...
I wasn't really into Arsenio Hall before. But I've been really impressed with him in Celebrity Apprentice. Who knew?
Sorry it looks like our Twitter has been jacked ... Apologies all around from all of us at the Media Education Lab
Oh there it is! Lol
I just want to get this over
(My tweetdeck has been messing up accounts, lo siento!)
No success comes over night you have to work hard,you can dream about it or you can go out there and make it happen
glad you liked it. Much more to come. Stay tuned
New theme song for Desire 2011: "Hello, I lube you, won't you tell me your name!"
GUYS! ="( I GOT HACKED SO U HAVE TO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT C'MON!!!! PLEASE?!?!??!
Kioi Sinfonietta concert unusual, but interesting - Washington Post
right here ! (:
Just signed up for MLB app. Got our tickets for #Nats games. Let's play ball!
Thanks to everyone who took the time to audition for "The Glass Circle" on January 28th.The auditions are still being reviewed at this time!
Hey, #HermanCain: Obama never hired a slander lawyer. Is this supposed to be "presidential"? Pussy.
ah, just reminded me to schedule workouts as diligently as I do the rest of my life--I did walk the beach 2x over the weekend!
Having the same problem here :-(
man, that Canadian reggae musician who sings "Informer" is just EVERYWHERE today
whoa buddy only one man has a a backhand and can play the net well.
Harry Potter & The Deathly Hallows Part 2 was so good!.
I gotta to get it even if it's in the worse way that cake like its my birthday
Fingers crossed for good news this week for The ToyMaker !!
I was a cold dude I'm gettin back to my ways (drake v
Q1) #AngryBirds fosters critical thinking. If an projected angle doesn't work, adjust your aim. Learn by mistakes.
Are you a recent graduate or are you just now finding our Twitter page?
100 emails down, 100 more to go!
Now is the time for your last minute Christmas cards to get in the mail. We have premade designs. www.mailmastersprintcenter.com
I am not blue. Lol.
It hurts to fall for someone then have to watch them fall for someone else...
For those of us who aren't in CHI, any related readings?
his union contract is very good. He's a supporter of
awesome to hear of your recent purchase, be sure ot hit us up and tell us how if fits!!!
I really want to wear these boots with this dress... and now all of a sudden Steve's a fashion expert.
I need 5 mahomies to be in the video! Just say what you want to say to him, so i can finish it (:(:
Get today's movie and video game reviews at theentertainmentbucket.com!
Just turned scanner on, Nothing so far. Might be Miller Compressing in Milwaukee
changed me twit name... i was feelin it
no its not instant oatmeal, I boil the milk and drop the egg in and all & KAYA LOVES IT! =)
Wow... really got a lot on your mind, there. lol. Wanna talk about it??
At least that involves some cooking...mine has been known to scramble an egg, but that's it!
It is neither wealth nor splendor; but tranquillity and occupation which give happiness. - Thomas Jefferson
Wondering if the player comes with the jersey for $150.00. WOW!
we were DMing but he didn't reply so that's on him
Headache all night but that doont stop mee.
BB: Zadra doubles down the left field line! 6-5 Stars, with DU making a pitching change. O'Dell batting with 2 outs, Zadra on second.
And whoever the fuck tried breaking into my house tonight will get beat with bats and dumped in my woods swear to god
Rt": Whatever honestly so done trying"
remember. I do & I
redwoods + fellow herbalists + unexpected round of applause + so much love & support from back home ---> gratitude for following my heart
Nothing is more expensive than a woman who's free for the weekend, in Chicago lol!
Reading the content of the future is tricky. My inner eight ball says "unsure"
Yep, that's me! It wasn't Days of Heaven, it was Far From Heaven.
Sweet beard, Kyle.
collaborating and creating music #checkuout Equator Line!!!!
when ed has an orange mic
Well done!!!! Have to say I had a much different emotion upon this milestone-ha!
thank you! You too. Its been a great day
I expect you to do some serious ass kicking and name taking on yer final exams. :)
": Tell the truth. Who used to say "Happy ValentiMe's day when they were little? ? should B who still says it & u know who u r
Bran Bran ! -.- Hussh , How About You Go To Sleep .
Very excited for my first visit to The Ransom Center at UT today!
I wish people knew the difference between you're and your
If a girl goes behind your back and does shit with another guy
In Vegas! 4 more hours and I will be back in FL! #Travle Oh, and 1 week until
I can only watch romantic movies hii LOL nd im so serious!!
Please dad, STFU. I need 10 more minutes!
Been singing Jimi Hendrix songs all week >>>>>
RT : Still on the hunt for beats! Email WE ARE LISTENING TO EVERY BEAT YOU SEND! (attachments)
haha! Mary mentioned it yesterday. I'm a wee bit outta the loop! Trying I get better!
I WANT DANIEL TOSH TO DO A LIVE SHOW AT ETSU. BAD.
Sandless sandbags, never build another sandbags again, eco friendly-Use for floods,water spills,to water organic gardens etc..
So jealous of everyone at Livestrong for the SKC game!!! Go KC!!
He said goodnight
I just turned 17 in September
Has anyone seen my headphones? No? Great, I'll just go ahead and die then.
Yes! My third grader reads them on his own. My 5th grader will join us when I'm reading to my 3rd grader or kindergartner.
The Dangers of Credit Card-Linked Discount Offers - NASDAQ
MITCH!! my man, had an awesome time at WPcolumbus, great meetin ya!
Hey friends. You will NOT be able to get into our 21+ red carpet event if you don't RSVP. Please RSVP to thanks!
A Brazilian on the bachelorette? That's pretty fun! Except gracias doesn't exist in portuguese Its "obrigado" girlfriend :)
aw sweetie :(
It was either the flames or my blazing speed!
haha I didn't watch it yet
AT UNLVino at Bally's!! Lotsa wine and chicks!
“: What do you mean, I can't put cooler painting on my resume? #CGP”
Nerves aren't too bad for Game 6
#goodnight everyone
#WhyDoiAlways Hate myself?. Oh, cuz I'm an ugly piece of shit.
thanks very much for the RT and follow :)
Happy 4th of July... attend your place of worship!
Thank you for your inspiring story! Our 4th child/only CFer is 8months old & your story gives us hope! CF won't define her!
aye watch your mouth lol n hell yea
making me proud, McDreamy!
Happy half way to weekend! :)
event***. Its a movie that a journalism student from Towson directed.
Jason says have fun & enjoy your experience!!! Peace <3
man it's a lot of ignorant folk out here, and it feels like I deal with ALL of them on a daily basis
You are an odd little bird with sex on the brain. Get a life. Bill Clinton jokes? Grow up. Please.
how the young appear to say riot girl w/out irony.
lol had to do it
You hurt yourself? I am sorry, but I can't find a fuck to give.
omg but doesn't it just sound really good
Happy birthday big fella
Bracket has yet to....totally bust!! Now make it to the final two KU!! “: KS Survives!!!”
My 1st period teachers lights are randomly turning off um.....
congrats on becoming the newest member of the tampa bay bucs. Good thins happen to great people
I Can't Make You Love Me And I am telling you 24 million monsters, I love indonesia.
that's not very good, sir
My marks are actually getting lower. :'(
For Sure
if you were reading for the role of Bird or Angel, you'd be set.
yay! tell her I said hi!
Last item eggnog panna cotta w/ balsamic raspberries
Is social media really free?? No, time is money. #ARKARPA &
sympathy (?) for Doug's back pain 'I think my grandpa had that.' thanks -
Privileged to have a representative from Photo Scanning with us in Orlando today!
I think it's funny how my cat is bigger than my dogs...
Thanks for the love!
Everyone needs something to believe in. What do you believe in?
Elclassico : No matter what happens this will be a Madrid victory. Barcelona can go back to acting school !
No matter who's buying, I'm a celebration Black and white diamonds, fuck segregation
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for 04/20/12 is Dan, Sally and Ian!
nice list! RT : #twipubs (twitter #publishers) I like , , , / who else?
Find database of #ThomasJefferson'sSlaves with notes and sources from his "Farm Book" on Ancestry.com. Just uploaded on 9/1/10.
The 's article about academics on food stamps is behind their pay wall.
RT : & band did so great opening for Matt Maher!
BREAKING: Romney on Obama's support of gay marriage: "I can take credit for that."
I wanna thank for showing me love! More music to come!
Putting the Christmas tree up!
My Blackberry needs be fixed! But I don't know how to do that! Error 507 shows up on the screen!
That Awkward Moment when he said "I love you" O_o umm.....okay?
word of the day: 'Recovery' yes? no? maybe so? :) Have a wonderful Thursday Ashley <3
Sorry for the rant! Good Morning Folks
ijust saw your schedule and will be in LA at the same time - I will ring you there!
have you been riding around town :)
go cry me a river. And FYI, it'll bring everyone's level of living down, but it'll be relative to how it is now.
thanks. You're sweet
How are you? I am sad because you aren't here! DD:
Thanks for liking my page Margo! :-)
Hey Atlanta! We want hear your favorite genre of music?
and I r pretty pumped about it! Congrats. :) See u soon!
Josh and Shawn show tonight. Come in for 2 dollar taps and 3 dollar tall rails
"...and now he only eats guitars! Yeah!" -Blondie
big up
Moldy makes me a sad girl.
FEELING TOO CRAZY TRYING TO FIGURE THIS "TWEET" THING OUT! LOL OBVIOUSLY NEW TO THIS! SMH LOL
MY DAD AND SISTER GOT ADMITTED TO A HOSPIITAL LAST NIGHT AND MY RELATIONSHIP IS GOING HORRIBLE!
If you say so.
Everywhere affected by the fall of the Berlin wall, the us sent soft political aid to form democracies, parties, candidates.
Hey Babe! How are you? Haven't chatted in Forever! xoxoxo
Check it out!
Thx for the RT - have a great weekend!
have a safe and smooth trip back, had fun catching up with you this week!
Loser ass boy lmfao
sorry , is a bit of a better product. i can sync multiple Google Accounts with it. nice try though.
will you be at the draft party tom at Taco Mac in Phillips?
Hoo boy, did I ever mess up when I decided to keep my son up in hopes his meds would be ready timely! Bonkersville here.
When did I become an analyist? Don't get me wrong I love crunching numbers & creating data visualizations as much as the next guy, but....
o... Well u not
I need some of your motivation haha
I got
Shows gonna be hott tomorrow!
Probably threw a helmet at it RT : shit looks like Brett Lawrie crashed my site again
R u a Downton Abbey fan?
Abraham Lincoln: "If you intend to go to work, there is no better place than right where you are."
What should I do today? Hmm.
Heading to to see Braun get his MVP trophy for the and a bobble head with Lila!
Making cash tomorrow... :)
hey , recently sent an offer to you for lisa, let's connect and discuss soon. thanks
Dear gangster, if you pulled your pants up a little bit, you could probably run from the cops faster.
thanks for adding us to your web design companies list!
Shoutouts to my #NF!! follow the homie ASAP! because #Avenue told you so.. Yeeezzzziiiirrrrr!
RT Goals today: 1. Subscribe to the 2. Borrow a big dog 3. Line cage with 4. Cancel my subscription
New Fre$h BlueMonster layout made by us posted up NOW! Check it out and give us your opinion! <3
We haven't registered yet but we are planning on it! Looking forward to it and thanks for the follow! :)
morning! We're scheduled to close tomorrow when you coming up? lol
Come see us tonight for one of two SPECIAL DEALS! Purchase any 5 tans/upgrades, get 2 FREE! And MEMBERS, get an additional 10% off lotions!!
I just sucked my own dick for the first time
Guy at the beach asking me if my camera was hd? No.. it's VHS tape. Left my tripod up your butt.
yea I hate stopping when racing. Did you see Seton? He won the age group! What the heck are you doing up so early?!
haha we would consider it, but and make the call if they want to take
yes it is convenient, but as a type II diabetic, insulin is still a hassle :-)
count me in.
All this yammering and you could've just said that last tweet a long time ago ;) jk
wants to buy your used Gaylord Boxes. Call 561-721-3400 today and we could pick up tomorrow! N10 day terms too!
Let's see how many times I can watch sportscenter in a row
Heavy metal lovvaaaaaa
finally has the studio air conditioning under control after a toasty afternoon shoot! 84 degrees is not kind to ones hair and make-up :-)
Thank you, will do.
When are you putting up my Preakness Blog? :)
Haha, no I do! And he's real! Not made-up! I have just been really busy lately as you know ;)
Kindly toss #Kony into the turbine or drop a photovoltaic on him RT Bringing renewable energy to Africa
Landslide Dan! RT : Congratulations to Rep-elect Dan Arthrell! Dan won the Dist 71 special election today by 3 votes
You will get one soon!!:)
Im off Saturday
not a bad conclusion, for sure. i think they are narrowing the dsm to get the prevalence #'s down
across the nation! (That is, government/elected officials all act as if money grows on everyones' front lawn like grass).
Don't fall asleep. Seriously, that was the problem when I used to try it years ago.
Thank you to and for the RTs!
Happy St. Patty's Day!
Game about to kick off. Excited to see Josh Wolff back in KC. We need this win tonight. Should be an exciting game
Welcome to the squad and and
And 2nd forward for Jeff Saturday thanks for the help when we had the nfl lockout :) trying too get the nfl back up and running
Valentines night at home: sushi first course, followed by steaks and Brussels sprouts. Then cupcakes, of course.
R.i.p. Whitney Houston...
Eggplant w/ angel hair pasta and tomato sauce for dinner
Yes - not Pitt's responsibility to notify everyone until recommended to do so. Buildings are evacuated before we get ENS.
Super long day on the set of a Visa training video! Yay work!!!
Tonight's show calls for a cocktail! Cheers!
Missing #IndySM again this morning. Someday they'll return downtown.
Nice job in the Terry Richardson video. You gracefully straddled the line between sexy and creepy.
About to be a Rebel after this class real quick!
Seriously considering donating plasma after finding TWO $100 traffic violations in my mailbox this morning. Thanks, Illinois.
Lets pause a moment in our political wars and remember an American icon-Dick Clark died today at age 82. RIP
Happy Friday, stay classy !
You are welcome!
And what are the odds on you??
saw a great episode of #psyche last night with and all i had to do is the ed lover dance afterward!
love it!
hikes are better. Like, whenever I go to the gym to work on my biceps or give my delts a blast, I think, I could be hiking now LOL
even listening to hits of the 90s can't shake my grumpiness today.
oh lawd! lol Breath through your mouth....nix that...breathe through your ears! lol
Sox owner John Henry joins the Breakfast Show to talk about his wife, opening night, and the team's 2010 season.
haha thanks alot! i wish i couldve gotten a pictue with you at teen hoot!
I really wanna go swimming....
Awww you love me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
just to have a timeline i'd actually like to read
still gonna see it anyway!
“: can I get you some peanuts? Hot towel?” Cold beer sounds good
Hi Katherine, Thanks for following us. Hope to see you soon!
but dont underestimate him #devil ...you never say never... cus anything is possible....
#TypeNickiMinajWithoutLooking Noicku Mibnayj.... i actually typed with my eyes closed... I did pretty good. :p
I totally did miss it LOL. Read too fast.
Senior spirit week may 1-4!!!! I wonder what days we will have lol Senior pep rally May 4!!! Woo!!! I can actually watch it this time!!
haha! good, trying to be internet savvy.
Emily Hritz has been announced the 2009 Indiana County Fair Queen and Stephanie Wagner as the alternate Fair Queen.
lemonade after brushing ur teeth
FB video a great example of eustress in action - challenging new hires w/ important & relevant projects by Day 2.
I'm punished then but I'm not that dark. Well now I can say I learned something new today.
Jet Li turns 49 today. After 7 broken arms and two broken noses, his friends have learned: no surprise parties!
Just went to Virginia today. My friend Melissa and I went to some museum, went out and tried putting out a fire. Now my bearpaws are burnt
Know what's not gonna be fun tomorrow? Lugging huge bags of purses, shoes and clothes to Secondi for drop off. Ugh!
I just had someone get so angry with me when I pointed out the fact they were a Gen Yer, not Gen Xer. Guess he didn't like the rep of Gen Y.
I HATE Drawing !
Hate it when relationships change
It was nice meeting you at Citrus!
If two people can be lovers and friends at the same time,they have a complete relationship..
Guess who is dressing up as Kitty Pryde on a Tuesday night?
i cant stop scratching my eyes!! there all swollen... again
It was great to meet you @ the show @ the Fun show! Can't wait 4 the broadcast (& podcast)!
and yeah <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> to you too!
but you do it some how
Amen!RT : when in doubt... worship.
ha she also just left a note in Lazy Janes' comment book:'dear LJ, your pancakes are the best but just need a dash more sugar'
Beauty might bring happiness, but happiness always brings beauty.
New Open Graph has potential to reshape entire industries like music, movies and news
To Bad! But we're trying to find another promoter to make it happens !!!
Comcast's David Cohen: minority communities growing faster than the rest of
Need to get my day started, got to get me some coffee!
Foul play?
oh yes, i clearly remember!!! ;)
My farts sound nothing like my couch, which makes it really hard to disguise them sometimes.
AP Econ Final in 20 minutes....
Good luck! It's awesome to see a new cuke convert. Now if only we used it more at work...
all the way to page 9!!!
Hiring 2 Sr. BAs with a testing background. Please reach out if you, or anyone you know is interested!
*holds ur hand* :)
Don't forget to check out Friday with on #TheAgenda 1230! Channel 3!
do you have an instagram? I would love to see all the pics of puppies and delicious food you always take
Thank you. My grandfather isn't taking it well... and so there is a lot of worry mixed in.
whats up my dude!
Hi, Megan..you are good singer*__*
Haha she will=] n yes Haha
So by some some divine intervention the Red Sox have worse luck then the Royals.....
HELMER GET YOU SMELLY CAT BUTT OFF MY PHONE!! He just cannot behave himself today :/
You can't pattern your life after what someone else is doing. That's why we have the holy spirit. -Jenn Johnson
Your rated R 2 cents is welcome all season! We will be the best feed on twitter!
What tools do you use to analyze card sort?
Looking forward to #TEDxHuntsville tomorrow. Big change from my first event in 2009.
...stroking this wave in "Real-Time" :) Giving thanks for creating many many Enterprise Systems & intense JAD Sessions!
totally. i agree. with links to my biz pages, of course ;)
We play live on in about 2 hours!
Goin out to eat
Know of good deals in Louisville? Tweet us at
We shootin this weekend w/Will Gates off a Yung Chop track.... It would be a good look 4 the Chi if u show up babe! Get @ me
& good content... HA!
#MvsW if 5 guys r willing to block shots in player equipment, than there should be no problem shrinking goal equipment
Tomorrow will never come, have you not noticed that??
2 all r friends in Nashville...buckle up buttercups...it's the #CMA's Fan Fair Week!! Best music fans in the world!!
Why am i not getting reception in my own bed?
Thanks for spreading the word about the Mandala exhibition! :) Only open for 1 more month!
I did. And it pleased me.
is here to help! Sorry to hear about that!
did you have to go to Robyn?
e! good luck! fingers crossed:-)
Everyone makes mistakes..
where has been?? us Zswaggers miss him! he is important to the Zswagger family too!<33
I love when I cannot log into Twitter. Hopefully the problem is fixed!
Man, I really wish this was real. LOLOLOLOL
HIPPOPOTO­MONSTRO­SESQUIPED­AL­IAN - ...Why is this a word in the English language.
everyone stop would want us to watch the next to you video
Super cute!
Couldn't they just air #RAW on the TD Garden jumbotron?
#alphamale makes the best to-do lists. ;)
"a thin partition divides wit & madness. Poetry therefore naturally addresses the fancy..." -Wollstonecraft, I hate to say
I just made a RAINBOW SADDLEPACK!!! with 5 pockets for the Busy Dogs!!!
in studio w/ Leather Feather
I can't wait see these men who are tatted from head to toe when we're like 40, ur gonna lk so foolish at your child's college graduation lol
and I love you for it. another thing i love: lollapawinners, which you also are.
To celebrate gaining 200 followers I will follow 200+ people in the next week!
you on instagram mama?? Plz tell me you are...
Boston is on fire right now!
Fresh cut Christmas trees are here. Don't forget the LED lights.
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Seems like there's always someone who disapproves They'll judge it like they know about me and you
Thanks so much love!!! RT : Happy 1st Birthday
I'm selfish when it comes to my girl, I share her with NOBODY
I want to play tichu
I am creating the program books template for our pageant program books. Am so excited!!!
Jayne-would love to meet. Sara- Am i preppy, hipster, or preppy hipster? Sometimes even I forget...
Better take nice shots!
Android 4.0.4 works really well with p12 certificates. If you're into things like two-factor security. Now how to deploy OTA sans SCEP...
no matter how many years go by, i know one thing to be as true as ever was: I'll see you soon.. #TSS #farewell :')
Thanks for the follow,
holy jeez - trying to get postgresql to work for the last hour and I'm about to kick over the computer, this should not be that big a deal
My Phone Need Love.
logan, now I am gonna punch you in the face. I told you not to be mean to riley!!!
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!! 5
Pain in my lower right abdomen should be easy to diagnose since my gallbladder and appendix have already been removed.
Do! I think it would be fun to do together
« The worst feeling is pretending you don't care about something, when really it's all you seem to think about. #KMK»
Haven't gotten drunk in a whilee ;o
Beep them bitches in Honda.
Straight Relaxing Today!
Seems as we all forget that push notification servers are costly! I'm up for yearly subscriptions.
have u seen it yet?
We had about 15-20 people for our first screening, which seemed just fine.
TAX TIP for anyone paying back the Homeowner's Credit...Careful if you turn your home into a rental. The 7k balance becomes due this year.
Yeah but it ended depending on what coast you live though
If in-n-out burger comes to
If I feel depressed, I go to work. Work is always an antidote to depression.
Don't let Blake dunk, foul him hard and make him earn it
Why the fuck are you getting mad for no reason
Did Lebron make an offer on a property in Miam? Hm? One has to wonder; who leaked this information?
Congratulations Bethany; good luck with your remaining endeavors this semester; what's your domain name?
Just booked plans for the #NAADD convention in Dallas this summer. Looking forward to seeing & many other colleagues & friends
Twin Platinum Guns Son aimed at the sky Ice on my bullets u dies soon as I pull it.
Hey there gang! Can you get your peeps following us!?
foreign dress?Blonde it's from Hollister And how would it be foreign I'm only in Arizona same country still U a DUMB BLONDE
I should go to bed at 11:30 every night.
Fantastic my dude! One Love fam. Im jumping on facebook soon, so we'll connect and link up soon-1
YES my dear a gift to Zambian Women
Arrived home safe but very tired. I may just sleep until tomorrow.
Oh yeah, the more he lies, the more God cries. Just kidding-the Light is exposing the Dark. It's gross to see, but all is well.
Ca State Superintendent Tom Torlakson - "The HRSA SBHC grants reinforce what educators know: good health contributes to student success."
lmao. I know I typed it all out :p I'm on text and it was right above it so it was hard.
- thanks for talking at the
Awesome! I'll give you a rang a dang here in a few to get deets
Soap so kind on the skin
Since the day I turn 18 I know for a fact my mother blood pressure has gone up because of my fuckery lol
It's difficult to work being short handed, but I am used to it
KENTUCKY BASKETBALL
Doh- forgot. Com..
I sent you over one
Tweet a link to your blog's RSS feed and label it as such
that fricking dog is at it again.
That's awkward.
If you could drive a #Maserati around one town/region in Italy, where would you choose?
it was a good time, but the story lacked. I cannot get into that Loki guy as being terrifying. Looks like PeeWee Herman.
Giving new meaning to cat calling #meow RT : Meow.
night, sweetie. Enjoy your rest xoxox's
#niners game tonight! Get your $1 #drinks with the Bartab crew tonight!
Last minute photo shoot tomorrow! Gonna be crazy busy this week!
is a fierce queen.
Thanks for the Follow brother, right back at ya! Hope you are doing well. Let me know when you are in LA!
Just realized what TCBY stands for...
We are just Days away from Dining out For Life in Hillcrest San Diego! Come by in the AM for some breakfast to support the cause!
Spring Fever is in full effect!!! Make sure you have those boat batteries charged all of the time with the PowerHotSpot from Solis Energy!
Our extension for WRITTEN submissions ends tomorrow night! Submit your poetry, short stories, interviews, etc. to .
right on!
lmao breakfast in bath
I would also look at pairing Greek Reds like an Aigorgitiko or Xinomavro with your lamb. It pairs beautifully!
Oldie...194. Between 14 & 16 min mark talking about Vegas Shows
Thank you so much for your retweets, Michael. Sorry I missed the deadline. I will still get an article to you.
Looking forward to introducing these distinctions to students from the workshop on web searching by
#TenFactsAboutMe 3) apart from my other life.. Yes Twitter is my life:') so I guess I'm like Hannah Montana
oh lord, good luck with that babysitting job!
I wanna be home. Not in this car.
I Showed my mommy my mother's day gift!!! She loved it!!!!!!!
Drew Goldstein from Pittsburgh and I'm thrilled to be here...do your thing Kevin!
The One That Got Away played on the radio today & I automatically thought of dancing to it:)
whats going on with mb lately? IS IT JUST ME OR AM I SLOW! i mss mb cam they had me crackin up!
Did you ever make it to Chicago?
they shouldn't have changed the name of the bridge.
I like the quote If your a leader and no one is following you, then you're just out for a walk . lol
Have lots of "move a body friends"! #blessed Thanks !
...and hue and bryant's and chililili's, we're gonna be busy!
very cool! How random is that?
Our condolences on your air conditioner :(
Maybe more like edit in something brilliant for each paragraph.
Big question - is israeli innovation sustainable? Can it spread to the region?
Those roof racks on your subaru outback let us know that not only are you a lesbian, but you also don't shave your legs or use deodorant.
I always think that but never have won one yet.
Does anyone know when Season 4 of #TVD start? I Know the finale was like 15 min. ago but I NEED TO KNOW THESE THINGS! lol
call chuck phone now in yo dm
must be cause Mac's Southern Dem hasnt bought into Liberal Socialist philosphy of Obama Admin
yeah...I'm sure there was no TNT in Orlando (lie) & "your guess is as good as mine"?!?Vescey makes everything up, obv.done w/him
(: <U+2190> You see that? I choose to use it to make everyone think I'm happy.
I had a dream I had a kid and the kid didn't want to be in the bookstore. Fucking kid. See if you get born.
What you think?
next weekend will be fine
What do i get my wife for her very first #Mother's_Day ??? any #ideas ???
Thanks for follow back. :) xx You are really lucky, you meet Austin !! <33
Adopting a donkey...
He that is over-cautious will accomplish little. -Friedrich Von Schiller
i have really curly hair & im trying to go natural-lets see how long it lasts before i go blonde again lol
its ok:) ily still
: Just followed ya back! God bless you too! :) Follow Back! Thanks God Bless!
I hate everyone.
why arent you texting me back?:/ and i dont think were going anymore. We just got done mowing :P
S/O to a gorgeous and beautiful woman follow ya boy back iight
Another day of work and twitter, well mostly twitter.
!!! RT“: Any nigga you've seen hard times with, gotten money, shorties, brawled out with etc is a nigga you keep around”
#Romney clinging to endorsement of washed up rocker, #TedNugent, prompting Gene Simmons to question his place in the universe.
always do!
Yeah, need to see the last 2 eps now. Derby takes over my Mondays again. What are your Raptors doing? :o jk Your valentine's?
I decorated my Christmas tree this past Saturday, and now I am decorating the two trees at work today.
Tech colleges report increase in 'transfer hopeful' students. What will #infolit needs be as they transfer into 4 year college?
I appreciate it. Good job on KSR but please do us all a favor and take the picture of Sosa off. We still hate him
We have a very special treat for you on this morning.... If you love #dancing you will want to watch
April showers do bring May flowers Mayhem Nation. Start cranking up 's theme...
Haha right? Like how could she have danced?
Yammy Colombian organic coffee! The best
thanks Ran!
Morning, beautiful people! Hope everyone has a great day!
Best friends means friends forever
wen a person says im busy i neva believe it cuz ppl can always find time 2 do wat dey wanna do
C'mon, Doron. They bankrupted themselves. The debate isn't whether, but how: Romney opposed gov't help, Obama didn't.
awwwn (: inbox me (:
!!!! RT GOD NEVER PUT TO MUCH ON U THAT U CAN'T HANDLE <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
People should NOT be able to graduate high school without knowing the difference between "there" "their" and "they're".
Register for the 17th Annual Mudd Volleyball Tournament June 11th and all money goes to the Carrie Tingley Hospital. abqmuddvolleyball.org
get me one!!!!! Thanks hey!,
I have a beautiful team :).
Very good yesterday was very sad I lost my guinea pig she was very special to me but it has been good
#whatif I talk that talk :]
Ready to have a fun time camping tomorrow!!! Wait I have to work
I love hearing the stories guys say about girls getting wasted and how fucking disgusting they get. Im not sure if I'll ever get drunk again
How many people use mobile applications in their everyday lives?? and what are your top apps?
u see someone who does that on a daily basis, don't you?
Only a millionaire would think he's running on higher taxes. Us Joe Sixpack types think its tax equity and long over due.
Carbo-loading all morning
Do people really care about who "wins" the #Bachelor?
keep making fun of me! When you're buying child's tickets at the movies haha tryin to get away with it #cheapass lol
This is why I wanna blow this fuckinh car up at Westland mall!!!!!
Also about to take my Mensa Test <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
#hiring #mijobs Automotive Electrical Engineer in Detroit, Software Ctrls Designer & Jr Automation Engineer in Southfield. Inquire within!
i'm considering this marathon
It's okay to not put every song you recorded on the album.
Who is free today? Run errands with me!
“: #Gemini is never short of friends, or friends with benefits either.”-Lol True!
I believe that the Highliner Alehouse at fishermans Terminal will have it on. The owner is a cycling nut!
Great Information Cheerios® and the USO Team Up to Send Cheer to Military Families MINNEAPOLIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Cheerios® and the USO
Driver's Ed, we all had to take it. Now we have to pay for it. Did your school offer it when you got your license?
Mom's making pork chops!
EMMMMMMGAY FORT FORT
thanks it's a perfect day to be outdoors. Hope you can join soon.
It's a Kraftwerk and Gary Numan kind of day.
I need a shower radio so I can listen to while getting ready for my day.
Forget 's daughters boyfriend's being afraid of Lee , Drita's the one with the shot gun in her back pocket !
I had sent a card requesting a meeting with Governor Pickens, who was also staying at the hotel, and was awaiting an aide.
they still bitter that he didn't pick NY lol
Why does Daniel Sedin's player pic look like he's on Bubble Vision ?
The joke's on you if you don't know your jokes are gettin old around here.
Well Brewers, you sure know how to shoot yourself in the foot.
thx! Any fun plans?
VARSITY CHEERLEADERS. I'm so friking proud. I'm gonna die. that's how proud. *die
Pp 16 days and starting to feel like myself. She's doing great!
I had to check the order of Qs...but that makes sense!
Happy Thanksgiving my love! xo Hannah & Hope
I'm going out on a limb I am going to guess your on Hamra street in Beirut..?
Don't forget to join us for happy hour tomorrow at the Continental Pool Lounge in Rosslyn (1911 Fort Myer Drive) from 6:30-8:30pm
90% of people tweeting #50WaysToLeaveYourTwitter don't even know what it refers to. Why don't you kids put down the Leggos and Yolos.
all Johnny walker diet, party at the hyatt, bottle service n we riot
We are playing a show tonight kiddies
good thing that moose didnt pick you to be her new spouse.
Hot guys on this 6am flight to LGA...diggin this
Suh-weet! is now on Twitter. 00 on his jersey, #1 if the hearts of
man, remember when you thought James Neal was a badass before he was on the Pens?!?.........
eh, there are worse things.
"I'm FINE" "Freaked out, insecure, neurotic and emotional"
": RT : no grown man should take mirror pics. ya heard " The Game is the ONLY exception, keep them coming!!
Oh, please, please no. Can't take that again. C'mon, Chloe, don't fail us now.
I think like a mix of 5 people have gotten me sick this week, sick people stay the hell home!
GO. You need this hahaha
Lets go Pats!
I watch #TeenMom for the same reasons I slow down when driving by a massive fiery car accident.
Agreed. First time through is for understanding plot, second is for savoring beautiful language. Sometimes vice versa.
Lunchtime! Today's specials: baked ziti, Italian panini & shrimp with corn chowder...yum.
Hi there! I am interested in referral partnerships for Bankruptcy, Probate, Estate Planning, Living Trusts potential clients.
in programming, the simplest mistakes always seem to be thr most difficult to realize.
Ejaculation and orgasm usually occur simultaneously in men even though ejaculation and orgasm are two separate phenomenona.
What said. You have enough to think about, so get that taken care of.
i just downloaded it repetitivly and it patched in
I mean Lound and ruled
Constantly hearing the sucking sound of a vacuum coming out of my wallet.
Paperwork complete! I am now a volunteer Hospice Austin massage therapist. Feels good.
Taking care of my baby (:
yeah & Arie Crown Theater
Dallas defense is just bad hopefully rob ryan gets canned
maybe school. Maybe she heard someone at my house talking about it. Or maybe tv
Now plotting house exchange with new French pal, , courtesy of midnight wistful tweeting.
I was just playing with words and hashtags. I know it's a bitch to keep it off.
One of Obama's Secret Service agents refused to pay a prostitute? Come on. You can't cheat someone off of services rendered.
looks awesome. Thanks for shaing. I hope it works with my desktop apps too.
i hope so
i do know you aint about that life(:
Love letters are proverbially insipid and devoid of interest, except to the parties immediately concerned. (1850)
Very nice, it makes Audi look like it should, dreamy :)
25 years ago tonight, the Brewers had the first and only no-hitter. Robin Yount preserved it for Juan Nieves over the Orioles.
Perfect intro haha. Nice
Whats up bro? How did the audition go?
hey lovely lady :)
Only if they knew.!
Would be most experienced Finals in history. RT : im gonna be livid if its celtics-spurs like i have a feeling its going to be
signed it :3
CPMCF trying to breakout!
...or is a news "site" even relevant to you? Should it simply be a news feed?
Third week with this cough.
Lets put Nap on the map....."Go Time"
We appreciate your business. We must ask, what is your favorite kind of pizza?
I swear its not a ritual its a way of life!
Ohh okk good then, I was starting to get sad lol. I followed you, you should def follow me back!!
I wish i could take the pain away but if you can make it through the night there's a brighter day
Saw a police dog working hard this morning to keep his riders safe. Maybe due to the bomb threat in Arlington, VA yesterday?
brunch today or should I go back to bed?
Spoon Foundation helps the domestic orgs develop new menus that feature their practices and local produce.
Can a young nigga get money anymore, tell PETA my mink is draggin on the floor likin "theraflu" by kanye
Mistakes Were Made on twitter now!
Craving Italian tonight at ! YUM! Thinking about doing the 3-course #Thanksgiving dinner next week...
I can't wait to write about this ordeal later in detail. It's rare to find a company botch handling a negative comment this bad.
#Fellas treat your girl right or another man will!
lol funniest video <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
RT hold me like a gun
i feel a hype rap break coming on, gettin headaches and shit
thanks for your great help on the commerce_payflow_pro module. (more so thanks for picking up my slack)
just sent 42 press releases to magazines and newspapers
Holiday Movies @ the Plaza Dec 4 & 5! Grinch + more cartoons, Gremlins, A Christmas Story, It's a Wonderful Life! On sale 11/5. $5 tickets!
On the hunt for a San Diego Elvis impersonator. Would need him for a few hours one morning for potential TV spot w/ air-time. DM for deets!
yes I do! #teamblair haha you watched it by now? Cos argh Serena is horrible ad now back to her old ways
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights– Traci Lords - Last Drag (Sted-E & Hybrid Heights Dub Remix)
Posting a bunch of KISS tour pics on our facebook as we tweet!
Had a DNS nightmare today. Deploying Win2k3 in Dallas tomorrow. Sunfire v240 came in today for video card installation.
well good thing.. its the way to be!
thanks for joining local
follow for follow anybody? :)
Just read your blog post on lst night's ruckus. Good work.
Let's go
it was magical. so many memories but the one that stands out.the most was Iverson breaking Tyrone Lue's ankles in the finals.
Promising book; then saw authors using only NYC, Philadelphia and Boston as representative of "key patterns" in urban form; no thanks
im happy your free
I soon i get internet again and i dont have to use my phone to get on twitter i will follow my new followers back! That's a promise!
if forced to predict, who lines up as #3 WR on wed. Sept. 5th?
Do you remember the Alfa Romeo 2600 Coupe? I saw one on Wardaskas (sp?) Garage recently and wanted it.
Have you seen the Narnia one yet?
After work walmart... I was so tired in there I got a freaking cart to push around just to be lazy
In a sane world Grover Norquist would be in jail for influence peddling.
I'm not sure..
Our next scheduled cleanup is February 18, from 8a - 5p
he tried to list the 3 parts of the federal gov't that he would get rid of and forgot the third :)
I gotcha back buddy
Find us Friday at the Spring Community Garage Sale!!! Kokomo Beach parking lot 10-2!!!!
I need a punching bag to let go all my anger!
cause the point is to put stores in the black, as opposed to the red.
New albums I won't buy: Counting Crows, John Mayer and that Lionel Richie country album.
Thanks! RT In all honesty, I have never known a better PM than is the best website company in town.
Just some magic. Please.
First time in history a president and State Departmeny focus on and engaging 1/4th of humanity: Muslims
Know any good jokes about Sodium? NA ;D
your bot doesn't recognize an RT, nor follow the target for DM... bad bot
nice to meet you as well... hope your diggin the sound
chubby's has quite the special this week!! $2.99 pizza puff and fries watch out it might make you chubby ;)
ima cry, its getting sad now :''(
Correct, no Milwaukee release date yet... so it'll have to be Chicago for now, but I bet they'll come here!
Following you via 's chats with you (through ). Looking forward to your tweets!
Cardinal Mahoney- this is a struggle for the value of human dignity.
Apparently Occupy Atlanta protesters had weapons of mass destruction. Glad the mayor caught that in time.
aww! Yeah, it does! #DC #wonderfulmemories :)
"Successful midwest companies are embedding special services into products to make them better." Rick Mattoon
baby can u follow ? she really deserves it
NO do NOT send skittles, maybe a picture of a bag .. but buying and making skittles rich is NOT an option
Cry about it. People obviously LOVE her music and you bitching via Twitter won't stop her from singing.
We even have a network in El Paso, Texas! Check it out
was tasting samples, south of france, great value stuff.
We have yet to hang out in weeks lol.
As long as u don't make me go to a game :) RT : Nope, Im going to buy you a Browns jersey
Headin to the Danville fairgrounds with my girls for open arena! big horse show this weekend in Urbana.
malaysia(mahali2 go!go!)
Dude this guy just flung himself off the building of the restaurant I'm eating in. Omg! And he's still breathing!
brainstorm a few names. Let's pick next week...
hell yeah i am..... just like you are with the way you spell original
I have something really important and serious to say, so please listen. i hope it helps everyone and I'm 100% serious when I say this.
where'd u hear it? I needs me a copy :)
Yes homo.
Doesn't feel like a Friday.. Busy weekend!
the trichinosis special!
hey cutie
what going on
Oh yeah and they are deeply religious.
thank you ! I saw it on jusgo <333
Wow ESPN, none of the hockey players lost this year appeared in the Tribute to athletes lost this year. Way to be classy
American Horror Story is so awesome!
Cool! Will Zappa be making an appearance at IDRS this summer?
Watching obama news conference
what happened? Lol good times!!!
Sorry Dr. Kim who just started following me. I don't need a breast augmentation or a face lift. Be happy with your natural self ladies!
I smile when i look at you. I get butterflies when i talk to you. I feel fireworks goin off when i kiss you.
Skunky banana: bad. Macaroon Friday?! God.
New came out yesterday.....what'd you think?!
It's "Depot Time" sounds a little too much like "Tebow Time." Cashing in on the Tebow Train?
Twitter > Facebook
Thanks for the follow REVCO! Are you ready for another great season in Southampton?
#3wordsforyou bitch go die.
Assuming that Baltimore is not going to be very much different, I hate this news.
happy mothers day to the moms out there, especially my mom. She's always there for me, and I love her more than anyone<3 #ExtraordinaryMom(:
Getting ready for the Happy Hour Party won by Ms. Dawn Pettis! Drop your business card for your chance to win!
Opening with Boards of Canada to Curtis Mayfield to Maxwell to The Weeknd to Tom Petty
Now I have to buy madden 13. Nicely done megatron.
Yeah...that Stanford duo could be tough to handle.
me and wanna come see yu at webster hall...what time does it start? does anybody know??
shall we join you?
Thanks The Google+ iPhone app is out [iTunes Link]: goo.gl/euNAw
That is why for pixel-adventure lovers, the dream job is the video game tester job
so much swagg!!! I love it!!
thanks for the follow :)
---> thanks Adrian!
“: Debating on whether or not to go to Florida.....never been on a vacation tho” Better go bro...
Happy birthday to best friend Alex Smith!! :)
Until Jesus comes back you have to fast and pray because temptation is everywhere.
we use a google-voice like service at my job right now now and I'd be lost without it.
Today is national #WalkingDay! The AHA recommends that you walk at least 10,000 steps a day. Try using a pedometer to track your steps.
no problem!! And will do!! :)
Thanks for following! Be sure to also check out for more on the latest in #marketing, #advertising, PR &
Its going to be a long day and hello kitty might not make it to the end. She's workin my last nerve in a big way
Hoping that the gods deliver to me out on the town Saturday night
that's what drew would want i think?
lol u no when #theyhaten when they call ur gear ugly and they wherein that same thing
I love you too Logan <U+2665> :)
thanks for checking out our twitter! you should def check out our music as well!
Obama's Reagan love is not just posturing. He means it and his time in office proves it. He has out Reaganed Reagan.
“This is one Santa that’s going out the front door.”
Great article, thanks. It's really interesting to see how all these things go down.
i got hacked while i was off here i was like watt ha
So I'm going to be out for a run. A short, slow, run. More like a jog. Who am I kidding I think I'll just live-tweet a walk
IM WATCHING ALEX & ROBERT ON YOUKNOW!!! come & join the fun(: haha
Don't be scared buddy! The vodka will save us!
States have made progress: better data, improved access, increased awareness, and long-term sustainability
Painting while listening to The Music ---> :)
Not exactly, we just weren't sure if everything would make sense if we hadn't already read. Others are saying was fine tho :)
Watching a portion of the #Bulls postgame press conference. Man, Joakim Noah is one unattractive woman.
I'm done with art festivals after April. I will be opening a studio/gallery in Orange Park, Florida. I will put details on my website
#Health Care #Professionals r u hosting, promoting or sponsoring an event? can help you with samples! Call 800-225-3963 2 c how!
#ifyouonlyknew that is made up of some of the sexiest butts in the world ;D
Getting ready for a big day tomorrow!
"This body is not a home but an inn, and that only briefly." ~ Epistulae ad Lucilium
I take great enjoyment in watching the implode under Bobby V :-)
Stock market tech stocks: #1 in Insider Sales this week is Salesforce.com CRM. Time to take profits in CRM!
hope you are enjoying your holiday...if you make it South, look me up!
About to head to bed got work at 430am FML lol
ah the Emerald Hill Zone. I was always a fan of the Casino Night Zone
Texans o-line dominating.
send us an email to we'll see what can be done
Q5: Thoughts on Danica Patrick's recent deal w/ Coke? If you're a big brand, what's the attraction to someone w/ one career win?
Best thing about city living? Reading while taking the train (and walking...) to work.
will never get 'it's torture being a Cubs fan.' Team sells out every game, has deep pockets. Legit tortured 'chises: BAL, TB, PIT
one love for the bday wish bro
gotta be Detroit Rock City
“: One direction > your life” accurate.
Playing this game to kill time. But I'm hungry! & the grill is right in front of me. I have to cook by myself. What kind of place is this?!
Auburn Fest was workin S/O to who shut the stage down. It was a movie...
Its all fun and games until you kick ball change the cats milk dish.
Just set up the DVR to record the entire #WickedTuna series on I gotta get out on the water soon!
Will check it out.
National Siblings day- however you decide to celebrate, remember, they are still your siblings
Facebook and my friends just put all my business in the streets
Check out the Foundation Center for good research tools.
Hello Dentist! We meet again..
Me too! Can't wait for our night!
Ready for my photoshoot pics? Should have a few posted before the end of the night! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
yeah when is that??
Huh!!!!!!! Word is only way okc can beat Sa is if harden plays point! RT : That beard is really gross..
You took it too far with your words today.
a table at a club is like owning land. Without one I feel like a mindless cattle
I'm in the same boat with my tiny kids. it's definitely the safest place for them to be.
hey what do you do for the Brewers? Oh yeah how about them lions...
Rachel Guberman proposes panel on a Digital Humanities Graduate Certificate.
Sara Lundquist - VP Student Services - Santa Ana College - They operate as a pipeline, not as a comm college.
I am down on 1 knee tweeting this... Allison Williams, will u marry me?
So 'boyify' it! :) RT : It's a great service, but I guess I would call it #PINKterest, though.
Dustin Brown #American hero
Indigo Girls at the Barrymore on Nov 10th! They have not been here in years. :)
we need guy/girl models for our photo shoot in 2 weeks! paid opportunity! #whosein??
Need some post-holiday relaxation? Book our Exhale Spa package today! 800.225.2008 :)
imma send it to you as a message on twitter
4 more shirts left. Claim them now. Orders go out in a few days.
Got the whole crew home for the finale
ohh yes Blake Charlie... Cutest name in the world<3
Time to burn some cars drink some whiskey and kiss your cousin in the great state of Kentucky
BEST CONCERT EVER!
i can tell you how i feel about you nite and day
Such a lazy day. <U+2614><U+2601>
wow-just heard about a shooting that happened at the SAME BoA that gave me a phoney $100 bill 2 weeks ago. WTH??
you submitted three as well? I wonder what the most submissions for a ruby event has been. Let's guess: I say less than 10
me too!
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire. - Arnold H. Glasow
Tune into Radio Soundcheck on Live 105 tonight for the radio debut of the new song!
(Quote taken from a webinar I'm attending regarding ebooks in the library)
The most hilarious Lifetime movie ever is on right now. "Cyber seduction: His Secret Life." I'm not kidding. It's a RIOT. Seen it twice.
fantastic. It's about time he gets one.
Ughh it stings like a mofo!
Just gave the Main Branch Library some copies of Sherman Alexie's book to give to teens after their program tonight!
Kinda hungry
if u were to follow me that would make my day so so much:))) 11:11
It did play again, haha.
I would, luv, but not for free. Check youtube and see what is there.
“: Wish I was with 's eic heading to the ATL for the Beauty of the Week casting call...” -->Me 2!!
": I Wishh Money Lasted Longer Than What It Takes To Make ." <<Don't we all!!
I'm loving the new app for Xbox live!!
Stop trying to look at my thong.
had a great presentation at #launch . I think everyone was really impressed!
thanks a lot
No spending ANY money no time soon. Tank birthday coming up soon!
I am
I told my mom we can't go down to Myrtle Beach on May 28th because I'll be too sad Jake isn't there. Haha it was almost 1 year ago. =,)
Why is Friday so far from Monday, but Monday so close to Friday? #TheWeekendIsTooShort. -__-
The vhpd blotter is awesome lol
im some chocolat icecream with sprinkles
"Crack the dutch master, I don't like white owls or phillies"
man i tried to put it in for like an hour i guess that mf said fuck me im closed .
Long 20 minutes ahead.
If it still hurts, You still care.
Yay! The Sun's coming out! Celebrate the day at our Happy Hour! From 3pm-7pm.
Are they all deadstock?
Strategic planning as board member with Great program
My uncle's service was nice. They did a veteran's farwell. Was a Marine and served in Vietnam.
ooh...green tea very hot works for me,..try it!
Idk. I like doing it for myself. And it keeps people updated sometimes. And on facebook my friends like seein it lol :)
Looking fwd 2 having sangria & quesadillas w/ u at Dearborn on #CincodeMayo / #FlacodeMayo - any specials going on that day?
Product placement on the #bachelor tonight = least subtle thing ever
Love that!
I spent less than 100 dollars on books this semester. Life is good.
i could do thursday again
well, I've meet 3 very rude people in coach and a very nice older couple in the dining car so far. Kinda uneventful really. :/
Thanks for the follow
Well that game pretty much sucked. I can only hope the #sharks can overcome this and win the series Saturday
I love it man! I was GB born and raised and went to the U. Love the Packers/Gophers connection! Go Pack Go!
Have You Seen The French Banks Today? via
You have come such a long way Chris I as a fan am so proud brotha your s great artist it a lot of talent rt/follow
I miss you pretty girl, now that volleyballs over with we don't talk?!):
Except late night on SE desk TODAY, of course, since neither of you are here in the trenches w/ & me!
Let go Hawks!!
Oh I was misinformed it was MCA not AD ROCK, still just as devastating. I'm really feeling old now, I hope these young heads appreciate him.
Just rel to American Idol online stream More Tweets
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
Happy Mother's Day to all of the great mothers out there
Music fuels my creativity & I appreciate good 'ol album art. Support on April 21st. Doing so also helps your local economy.
then let's email. Twitter sucks for this shizzil
JCS matinee with and then ushering Blister, rapture, burn (playwrights horizons) at night
Politicians: Never compare yourself to Jesus Christ. Besides hanging out with prostitutes, you have nothing in common.
On our way to NYC!
He said he was giving his son a bath.
#drive should be next. RT : Finally watched Ides of March. Thanks for the recommendation. Quality flick.
Happy Valentines Dayy! I'm off to school to give out my Valentines gifts :)!
when u want it? lol
what's up with these haters posting shit about your tweets?? Fukn losers!
what to do, what to do
Saw at radio city! It was absolutely amazing! Loved it
Ctfu!! RT : Not sure. Prayed about it. Waiting on God to reply. RT : r u really coming to newark?
RT: : #Casting over-the-top, awesome #CHARACTERS! Do you think you deserve your own reality
Make sure y'all follow Great workouts posted daily.
Done, I've already showed ya!
I will send you some pictures tomorrow just for you & thanks :)
Drama on Twitter isn't needed . This isn't facebook .
does that means you see Teck AND Montana in the same dream?!? Lucky.
Not enough space in 140 but... he was a profound, gifted scholar/communicator of the importance and meaning of story.
hand writing tickets is impressive, @ #astd2012 the cafe's cash reg broke. Guy cldnt figure out how much change out of a $10
lol haa man that's funny!!
... Well, it's not humid 24/7 :P and when you walk out the door for like a minute you feel moggy :P
OH pssht! I know. Best thing I've seen in a while lol :)
I'm every overweight nerdy fanboy's wet dream
be safe have fun hun
That sounds gr8 -- photo? RT : We can't get enough either! : Love the Rocket Tots at spicy goodness!
I get "Dear Graham" all the freakin time--sometimes "Dear Grahams" and plenty of "Hey Graham!" drives me batty
Thanks for noting Bluemound St. Patty parade in last week's issue - kids would have been bummed if we missed!
Just spotted an Indiana fan at the casino... If looks could kill...LOL
very sweet story!
Thanks guys for the following me! Always remember i
#CAWFEETALK - morning Y'all. Who has HBO?
Research 4 Mama Earth. What websites/blogs are helpful resources when looking for green tips and tricks?
the question of a real fork
Thanks! RT : Happy
But it's all good in the hood.
Got the Reds in the playoffs for the 1st time since 1995. That means a lot in my book
That was AWESOME!
all of my christmas memories are good especially since its also my birthday
The last couple of days has been a blur. What day of the week is it?
our county wants to ban teachers from communication with students on social media
What's up fella's? Once we get open we got to have you come down and check out the new spot in LB.
Trying to make a decision on which skirt to buy...Red Kiss Play or Ocean Play print. Will be my 4th skirt. :)
muncie till race weekend come see me
ok word
We reflect on the last shuttle mission, the great ship Columbia and her inspiring crew - Eileen collins
Goodmorning to you :D
I support all my followers... #team follow back..GN
but you like ashhole
very nice entry. The mobile layout is by far the best I've seen.
Just when I thought I knew everything, here comes my 10 year old with another question.
txting people with iphones>txting people with any other phone.
Are we connected with God in any way? Does He do it all Himself, or would He like us to work with Him? Does He care what we think? Follow me
I dropped a tear in the ocean The day youu find it is the day I stop missing you ..<3
#OnceUponATime I thought girls wanted good guys not assholes
Day is more than half way gone....come on 330....insanity is callin me
Um isn't it unspoken code that we always play Sherlock in the background while we work? XD
You still want me to make yo CD?
#funfact Flamenco dancer José Greco took out an insurance policy through Lloyd's of London against his trousers splitting during a show!
Friday the 13th haha I wanna watch all them now.
exactly : BREAKING: The Cubs have signed veteran reliever Mike Remlinger. He proceeded to have issues with a chair. DL likely.
Here's to the people who always have a smile on their face & no matter what they're going through, they put others before them <U+2665>
Change is good, new doors cannot be opened without closing a few.
Gotta put God 1st.. everything else always seems to fall right into place
I believe that it is an interception
Please join me on facebook!
And marshmallows cause we are chubby bunnying it up. ;)
Hehe ^^ & awh again? You should go to bed soon then! :) xo <U+2665>
: ) Nothing like a J.P. Sousa march to get the afternoon going.
awee. Yeah I would have been decent. Viv didn't care for us leaving. Lbs
ack, I almost missed #tourismchat - Jeremy here with
lesson learned from NBA lockout is that even owners/players don't care about season until xmas...and both sides are very rich
Thanks for the mention in the stay-supple Daily. My stay-sexy Daily is out and Lisa Marie Bowman is the lead story.
Jeez this blood donation has really made me tired this time D:
We're open until 5PM today! Come see us and #pamperyourself this long weekend!!
Follow for updates on all things #Indianapolis & to see our destination management skills at work!
i really want to go like REALLY bad i want to get front row and a meet and greet
lmao I'm just saying
Not sure what to post right now but I feel like posting something so yeah....
haha. True - I have seen much hotter wings on - have you eaten waiver worthy hot wings?
So. Today's the RSVP date for the wedding ... and I still have 120 people who haven't responded. D: D:
I'm high on summertime!
Everybody having sex with everybody! If u sleep with him, he slept w/ her & she slept w/ them! Just nasty!
I appreciate the support and as we try to document some Love in Baltimore.
I Let Everyone Know i Go W/ him , but does he do the same ?
Jus left the fam... Headed to the in-laws
can i attend my email
Two months ago everybody went from saying swag after everything now its turnup ... No identity
Kudos to Biden for apparently adding to the pressure.
you're cool talking shit to a girl.
Breakfast with girlfriends is the best way to recharge your empowerment batteries
why is it a thing. Why.
Seeing xmas show tonight
i had tears in my eyes this morning also
Tonight we celebrate.
Let's Golf Wisconsin! $850 worth of Golf Coupons for just $12, only on www.crowdclick.com!
exam loved your article on the contact lenses - eye health is just as important as seeing clearly!
dave u crazy....why u sending tweets to bill livingston?
That #awkward moment when you try to avoid sneezing by shouting out random colors & your coworker looks at you & thinks you're crazy.
Absolutely! Was there even a choice ? ;-) RT Ferris Bueller huh?
Looking for a FileNet P8 consultant with both .NET and Java programming experience located in FL. Should know BPF and Workflows.
thanks for the follow. We're graduates of the U. Glad biking is taking off in #Miami. Used to ride out to Bill Baggs often.
same to you!
I hope you've been keeping your receipts and keeping track of how much you've saved so far. I'm at $20 so far
The tool section is right by the mirrors
RT : MT Just b/c I have little kids doesn't mean I do less work than someone who doesn't. << CLAPPING
your CD's probably over the ocean today!! lmao!
how horrific !
Update: Post Producer for the Doc, Vanished: The Tara Calico Story, Directed by Melinda Esquibel. EP RJ Mitte (Breaking Bad). Pics @ Twitter
I want to try out but i guess i have to wait for an invite. So far I only heard good things about it.
also, if u continue to enjoy the app please consider taking the time to review in the app store! And keep the questions coming!
I heard about the good news... Congratulations! We're all doing big things in the chapter right now!
gone the 17th to the 25th :/
what the actual fuck. i'm gonna cry. i have like 3 songs in my head now.
Well this weekend isn't as exciting as last week, no #NE coming to town but I'll make due. lol
AH! awesome.
blue october at stubb's tonight! woo!
Watching law and order: special victims unit about SMUTS lol
so he'll block me on facebook but will follow mw on twitter...
you too Austin!<3
Yay big time rush won !!!!
Everyday its something new.....Smh!!
it's a new day with no reason to hold onto pain from yesterday, be thankful for another chance to be a better person.
never ever ever having a picnic again, literally thrown it all up, lovely.
I won't lie. I am conflicted in rooting for Canada's Hockey team because of Stevie Y & Babcock. But Don Cherry ripping on US hockey is bad.
Oh!! My momma said u leave 2morrow or something like that.
Tweet tweet! Benicio Del Toro named his new baby Delilah! She'll be a handful for sure...
Y df harden keep shooting...like I don't get it
I'll repost, was just checking out more. Have any more videos? I want to test your services out. Work with raw. Care to chat?
Knicks bench sporting a backcourt completely allergic to shot selection: Baron and JR Smith? Endless entertainment.
Nah fool the 5th of july on a thursday homie RT : D Mills release party Saturday at island cafe
Is there a keyboard shortcut in Web Inspector for “Select an element in the page to inspect it”?
oh okay lol so I haven't seen you in forever, that needs to change ASAP! (:
okay girl
Nice! Must feel good/weird/scary... Btw, I just ordered my 'used' copy from Amazon.
I'm sure he'll find someone. There is something attractive about honesty and straight forwardness.
You bother me
I HATE performing outside
Love brings ecstasy and relieves loneliness
get a helmet
Happy May Day everyone! Celebrate it right, and go on strike.
so I'm just now watchin this 2012 dunk contest...the phrase "time wasted" HUGE UNDERSTATEMENT
It's all Michael's fault
We are experienced, equipped, skilled, licensed & insured Long Island, NY moving company. www.moverslongisland.com (516) 874-5138
come early tomorrow :(
I play for keeps! No timeouts, no free throws, refs or penalties..
Hey guys our flavor of today is a plantain coconut cupcake with coconut icing topprd with shredded coconuts the plantain loco free delivery
oh boy just saw the entry fee. Convince me that it's worth the $70+? Still looks amazing though.
Fuck the lions. There all dirty players and the Bears are kicking there Ass anyway. All out Brawl bears win.
ipod do your duty... lets get this.. #nowplaying give it to you.... still my jam.
It's okae i don't even like u at all(: shake your money maker !!!!!!
Yep, is a great school. Phenomenal, underrated bschool too! cc
Highland Park - Deerfield Illinois Township High School District 113 soundly defeats bond referendum. Sign of the times.
i actually feel really bad about going to class in this completely nasty condition. sorry guys.
PR and media relationships...not much has changed in ten years, oh, just the decimation of the newsroom.
Kat is a master of being butthurt.
I am on my way to an evening Church concert, out of town. Have a great Sun. Luv you!
oh, I guess I should go ahead and watch the fights now. Lol. I'm still learning when NOT to tweet. Ha-Ha!!
Glad we could partake in such a critical piece of the work day! MT : "work training" — Drinking a Patty's Cream Ale by
Hope you guys are having a wonderful weekend!
It's actually an invisible penis.
Beat this! Manuel to 5050 to nosegrind! Just hit it!!
Student lunch discussion on genetics- stdnt "sporks are an example of co-dominance" LOVE it! :)
Smoken on that top notch crop from my homeboy.
When you replay the past, you poison the present. Become a true friend of GOD he never presses rewind and plays it to the world.
RT I thought this was a family show?? LOL showing us a little pectoral action!!
What a weekend!! on the road back to Denver! See you again soon Boise!
New Avi of me n my new whip thanks to !!
All The Hoopla over NationalSigningDay, yet no1 mentions 1/2 the kids have No Real Chance of playin for a National Title
omg! i'm excited about the surprise! :B
already ordered ours! Send pics when we get them to represent
I love travel guide books and all, but how on earth did people pre-plan trips before the Internet age?!
Today is the last day to get help- 50% off a smoking cessation hypnosis session, only on crowdclick!
"Don't take my word for it. I'm just a cock gobbler," is how come I'll never be in a commercial for anything.
People need to learn to grow up and have respect..
I hate it! I never realize I am doing it either :/
life hit me hard, and a girl of only 19 years, makes me get up, sing, be a good person, and especially who I am! that girl is <U+2665>
Ugh Monday! You're killing me. I can't get up yet. Shut up alarm.
Definitely laying out the second I get home .
We've been talking to about organizing literary heritage walking tours during the Book Festival. Any interest?
Last night the #Marlins gave up 14+ runs for the 4th time this season, tying them with the #Orioles & #Tigers for #MLB lead.
needs something to fill the void. oh look, a book. <3
you know it is...
oh no!!! That's terrible O:
- Thanks so much for the RTs!
My cousin lives in staten island hes a homosexual we call him the staten island ferry -Zach G
It's Cyber Monday! Watch The Morning Show on for how you can get your gifts without putting your personal info out there
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :More. I learned this word today, and will learn more.
well since no one is replying
Ya is a force that can only be contained- not stopped.
what you doing up so late?
"I must have done something good."
Thank you to all who attended our first meetup last night!
: I want you to miss me, like I'm missing you.
I just watched Khloe & Lamar for the first time. I shouldn't have done that because now I feel stupid and scared to take my final tomorrow.
We are glad you are getting a break and stuff but we do miss you! Take your sexy time, angels will be here when you get back!
great way to establish yourself as an authority on your space
Nah. It just has to do with sex and phones.
All these little string figures will be heard again in the last mvmt
why do you have to be so mean?
of course I'm up!
Make sure to follow for all your food needs.From dinner to your door for one to four, to weddings and events of 200 or more!
Missed calls happen both ways all of the time, part of the game. Doesn't change the fact that Dallas looks frustrated.
Help support and check out our online merch store! www.flighttoathena.bigcartel.com, thank you so much!!!
its the inside of my blender lol while whipping it
possibly no spots left, but send any ideas our way for sure!
Feel crap and bored.
The George Lopez Show is on down here 24/Millennia
Came home from work sick only to find out a friend of the family had passed away. Not a good day at all. :(
oh I know, there was a great article in I think ESPN after his dad died...my bro hangs it up and has his students read it
Much beter than the "money tree" system employed by some in south bay...
Rainy days are cuddle days
Me no like when bestfriend is sad. :(
Understood. He is doing a fine job there plus he seems a natural behind the pulpit.... A man of many talents.
Unplanned pregnancies accounted for 20% of text msg questions over past 3 years
It's a little chilly out today... Let's heat things up with a taco fiesta!!! See you in the third ward on buffalo and water st!
iCarly Is Ending. And So Is My Childhood. :'( Thank You iCarly For The Memories<3
Haywire (2011) An action/spy movie with a female lead who could kick Jason Bourne's ass. Gina Carano is outstanding. Great cast too. 7/9
best friends with a cute boy? I think this could work
Happy Fathers Day!
Good to see you here!
in class, but what the hell Tami (theBULLY) got2 say about bullying. She is such a JOKE. Trying 2 justify her behavior.
hell ya!
Mars is far, to many it seems too far, but we will rise to meet the challenge
hey there bugsy, good tip! i heard you wake up at 4am and run marathons every morning. True/False?
Too much free time is the worst.
home from Orlando, finally! is it horrible to say that in my opinion Disney is far less than magical?
Thanks, Cheryl!
next time we'll have an umbrella on standby! Thanks for taking the time to talk about on #FOX59 morning news!
Just a heads up: PatMania 2 is postponed until June and will NOT happen on Memorial Day.
Watching real housewives of nj
We're in Atlanta tonight for the Taking Back Sunday tour, and Colour Revolt were too too awesome. Be sure to catch them at Minerva.
The Flyers start to doubt if the Pens can pull this one out! #Pensin7 #poetanddidn'tknowit
I need 5 mahomies to be in the video! Just say what you want to say to him, so i can finish it (:
Block by wade!!!
It is done.
I enjoy life. I think I'll enjoy death even more. ~ Cat Stevens
- In tunnels is sick - keep the music coming !! thx for sharing && following !!
That movie would be considered complete garbage if you didn't get to see Kate Winslet naked.
Some Italian from the 323 keeps texting me
TRAFFIC: Slippery stretches reported throughout the Dane County area
Just read an article a/b this possibly being American Idol's last season. American Idol is still on television?
Ill Eat The Couchiee UP
and all the fans that would show up at the premire!
tomorrow...tomorrow begins a weekend of awesomeness! and can we just start the party?
Silver Stars lead Tulsa 28-21 at halftime.
There's no point in being in a relationship if you still have a single person's mentality.
no its not (;
Josh Harrelson what are you thinking with that mustache
rawr turns out I didnt need u after all I sleep like a little baby
my man you crazy.. y'all getting swept again
You too Jacqueline!
Sweet! Got your email. Will reply this morning!
I have to remember so many passwords for online accounts
Suck it up
Favorite thing today: big fancy presentation using watermarked preview stock photos.
Can a human make himself cynical at a certain level for self progress; for the evolution. Can himself create the unbeliveable for surivival?
Bless you.lol
I don't understand how 15 & 16 year old have the balls to do some of the shit they do. I'm gonna start carrying a fucking bat in my car.
How the fuck
N Az chillin with the team
I just booked treehouse for first time yesterday, staying there before cruise on the Dream this November...can't wait
Only two schools even to be considered for closure: Cadman Elementary and Barnard
#OOMF on instagram is fine as hell. But he always be wearin the same shirt in his pics. -__-
It is a happy chance if we, changing, continue to love a changed person
I can't even think right now. #stoned ;3
because you keep it real lol!
LOL RT : Havent shown "vomit draft" to outsiders but I once mistakenly showed an intestinal distress draft.
RT : Steve Jobs, another one of the world's most successful men, was also a college dropout.
I will do anything to see Lily hula hoop on fire, and once someone tried to stop it, yeah, that didn't last ;)
Just witting
Happy Birthday Lea Michele! :)
Tonight's our last night in Phuket. It could be fun to meet-up on an island. :)
That was seriously really hard to watch. Fake or real, that was really rough.
MLK dreamed about equality and service. He said: "Life's most persistent and urgent question is: 'What are you doing for others?" Tell us!
Hello. I create stunning art for print, web, and branding. online studio: www.michaelcalixtro.com
Bucket List item #1 - Fire automatic weapons in Cambodia while drinking beers!
I'll help with the world peace, but 3500 followers just seems impossible.
<U+266A>Halfway There - Big Time Rush
this is interesting b/c unless a pres election is coming, young people don't feel they have a say in gov
Note to self. Hospitals like in Cincy and have the best salad bars for lunch.
you're welcome, indeed! Loved your eco-friendly take on the picnic!
Washington Wine Commission shows the state's wine industry is worth $8.6 billion per year, up $3 billion from a similar study in 2006.
wine > margaritas |||| cinco de wino
classic gram, sadly my mom does the same
Seriously! Now we just need the sun... RT : Hey, Labor Day weekend. I'm so happy you're here.
Hey JB I believe that 1 day u will notice me & will follow me! Cuz this is my dream! Please follow me
well what's up(:
stop by for some GREAT food!!
Tonight’s the night! Education champion speaking with in Oakland – stay tuned…
Everyone always fucks with my dad after he takes a shower. Cuz it's so rare. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
photo shoots all evening...doesn't anyone believe in "before 2pm" anymore? sheesh,,,,,,
I'm really excited for the Society for American City and Regional Planning History conference in Baltimore this week! Sounds so interesting.
omg yummy! save your daughter some hahaha<3
Hey , thanks for your support of my #TEDx talk! Said it starts from passion, not a to-do list.
what's happenin' brotha? it's JT and Rich from Morgan. this is our company twitter page, check out our site. see you in l.a. bro
Im not suppose to care anymore... so y do I?
good morning how u this morning?
I WILL be listening! For sure... Thanks for the RT as well.
will do! look for my e-mail in the next few. i need some quotes. do you do hats as well?
Dear , I tried to make a snack. Now our apartment smells like burnt popcorn. #SorryRoomie! :)
Thanks!!! I've got some learnin' to do!
This child cringes at the sound of loud noises in fear of a fight.
“: Wine is not my friend.” switch to beer!
Never got into this much trouble for speaking my mind before. Very unsettling...
RT : Let's give it up for chicago for donating paint, flooring and people power to the home makeover!
so sweet!
yeh what is up with the wifi? cannot live! I tried 2 go 2 starbucks to get wifi and they said their router was acting up!
Up all day up all night can't fall asleep
If you judge people, you have no time to love them. - Mother Teresa
So I've had a white leathery patch of skin inside my mouth for a while now and it only gets bigger.. Gah. I don't chew so it can't becamcer
were giving away a prize. Gotta think of a question for you guys hum
#nextironchef I'm shocked Marcus and spike are in the elimination round!!!!!
Ready for that up north weather :)
I'd say parenting win: "...and that's why you can't play with wild animals."
GM FB! This is the day that the LORD has made, so I am rejoicing and being glad in it! Who's gonna magnify the LORD with me today???
This looks amazing!
At the Smithsonian at a conference called Yours, Mine, Ours: Leadership through Collaboration, check it at
Absolutely gutted to hear that NRC are forced to vacate IWGP Jr Tagteam Titles this way... :( Hope Davey is fine
#vsa2011 my mind is flying collaborations like Urban Advantage extending to the arts, history, etc. I hope so!
have fun up in seattle!
I don't blame you!!!
People lie.
Career Calendar
Come on OKC!!
- one you thing you don't do when it's windy.....wear lip gloss.
did you ever get nervous? That's the thing about me I love to song but I could never sing in front of a crowd :)
BBJ's Enterprising Women event this morning went great! Over 500 attendees!! Be on the lookout for our video of the event.
I think you meant "wise
same here, bro.
I wanna see cabin by the woods. See what all the fuss is about.
#nowplaying I Don't Like You - Eva Simons
Well.. mayhaps cause they are part of a big ole' company now..they don't care about monies anymore :)
Mr Borlands singing Ms. Jackson by Outkast...it'd probably be a little funny but it's not because he's so fucking weird and awkward
Found you! Thank you so much for a fun night out in Chicago!
We all had a blast!! Send me all the pics so I can make everyone the same album. Instagram them! Lol.we all tanned!! ..Love y'all 4 life
Been goofin off all day
Sorry to hear this. Need to get away from them idiots. Go back to OSide. More privacy!!!
oh, no..really? That is too bad....bet there were a lot of disappointed kids.
Are you fucking kidding me??? Another WR?! DO WE NEED TO REMIND YOU OF THE PACKERS GAME AND OUR SECONDARY SUCKING ASS?! God...
Makers Mark A fine follow up to a fabulous evening of music
I WISH! Especially with the weather out there now. :(
Happy #StarWarsDay #MayTheFourth be with you!
Never lie learning from rugrats :)
I miss you too lady!!
It's Friday. Listen to Toes and Chicken Fried.
Do work CP3
A Gopher fan site has posted Bielema's wedding registry how sad. What is the point?
The sun also rises. Good morning world.
Back to March weather, but yesterday was a nice break!
did they do that to everyone? How can I find out if they sold mine too?
": Site is sick! Everyone go follow!" <- #NF ya should be too!! Sexy
@ AH I'm so EXCITED for the video now!!!!!!! #BOYFRIENDvideo #SWAGGIE !!!!
scott always makes the show fighting and all lol
I'd like it if my mac and cheese wasn't floppy like a prostitutes saggy breasts.
I plzz follow me
I think that says a lot about the quality of the content I post.
i could fuck with this weather for the rest of my life. <3
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to the new and
Guess what? I don't give a fuck! Buhhbye!
Thank you for fixing it cheers!!
Yet the official had two teenage daughters and was inspired as he wanted his daughters to have professional lives.
an angry woman can do better research than the FBI.
these Fruity Pebbles my nigga!
We're at the epicenter of innovative work. Buffy Hamilton
The Truman Story with Jim Carey I think...
Lawson is killing it!
I miss that show...
Jess inch-wormed backward 3 times on the floor in #SYTYCD and not one judge said a thing. Amazing! I have never seen that move. You?
id be more worried if my cum smelled like Indian food.
#PlansForSummer get mad cut and make that $
I know it's a form of talk, but i think selena must be with DavidHenrie but justin and selena, make a good pair (;
u should come to Maryland
Big Thank You to Jordan Rolling at SURF ROOTS RADIO for helping us get through!
Dm.: no you don't :( its not your fault hahahahaha
Can't wait till #abcfamily show Jane by design luv it! I wonder Wat happened to Jane when she saw billy kiss lulu! Jane BFF billy, only also
illegal things... Haha I love you
Ball so hard. EVERYONE GOT TUU FIND ME.! :)
Really? #OURPARK?? Cause it sure doesn't seem that way
I LOVE HER SO MUCH! SHE IS THE COOLEST COUSIN/BEST FRIEND I COULD ASK FOR. SHE IS AMAZING :) I LOVE HER
Breaking news, you guys! Hologram Tupac has been shot in front of a Magic Eye kiosk at the Fashion City Outlet Mall in Primm, NV!
#nwill2011 UX- Morville, "User Experience Design" - nice honeycomb concept with below concepts integrated
Heres to a good weekend!
Attending "Streaming Video & Libraries" ALCTS webinar.
I imagine would just be over-the-moon-ecstatic to do that!
Well said! So much being missed! RT : only kind of tech story anyone breaks is XYZ-company-raising-millions-at-gazillion-valuation.
Nurse Julie!
HAHAHA!! Thanks sis! My birthday was really good!! :) Glad you took the time to care about it! Miss you so much too!!
Wanna hear a joke about my broken pencil? Never Mind, it's pointless...
Don't see how these kids could possibly be playing in this heat.
Listening to "All or Nothing Coming Home to You (Feat. Darien Brockington) - The Foreign Exchange (It's going to be a good day!)
Martin Mull~ Human beings are seventy percent water and with some the rest is collagen.
Happy Easter to u
No Doubt.
That moment when you get soap in your eyes & accept the fact that you'll probably never see again .
go read my past tweets. I had nose surgery! Its all on my profile.
S/0 to all the mother's out there and soon to be mother's God knows I miss my favorite lady and loved here dearly
since when is it cute/cool for girls to be hoes? just askin... i musta missed the train on that one
debate hosted by Seattle Times and City Club starting at downtown library #seamayor ^ap
Just got the email!
Fountain father dies in fire started by Christmas lights - Denver Post Fountain father dies in fire started by Christmas lights Denver Po
for that matter is there any way at all to get reporting on auto-generated short links?
I'm looking for a sound engineer in #Dallas that knows how to professionally Mix & Master
I sure was hype ass hell
What's this crap about Apple not paying it's taxes (or asking for permission not to) . .. really? Now? And AFTER the drop of iPad II?Gangsta
Terrible PK's and solid goalkeeping by Neuer. Ramos blast it over the goal.
It isn't extremity of fortune
#EMAC students: you are not able to take COMM 3342 section labeled "student media" unless you work w/ the mercury!
What format you'd like Tim? We'll build it for you.
Happy first day of classes Comets! Come see us at the Cometville Carnival today from 2:30-4:30!
Plans for Super Bowl? We'll have Frito Pies, New England Clam Chowder, Nathans hot dogs and a chance to win 100$ cash!
#ThatAkwardMomentWhen you answer a friend's call with, "Hey mothafuckerrrr!!!!" and then you realize it's actually their mom. Lol
Planning a 4th grade author study. Suggestions? Bonus points for awesome links! #authorstudy Gantos? McCarthy? Candace Fleming?
Lol it meant "uh ooh she plotting on me"
don't feel down I'm guna be outta the picture too. :'( but u are not alone.
LMAO love that statement "Does San Diego Know where their playin?"
Danger zone for Indiana. Need a lot of offensive step-ups here in the next 5 minutes
can sumone PLEASE tweet me im really bored
RT : Karie Rego @ law panel: lots of great ideas out there but companies () suffer bc of legal issues
GOOD :) how are you? Is Copenhagen treating you well?
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]<U+2661>2
Omfg no rapper can top the rapping grandma on Americas Got Talent lol
you can't take Yorkshire outta tha lass ;)
RANGERS GOAL
Ukeycheyma is doing wonderful and you
Prayers to those in Eastern Kentucky. The storm more than lived up to its hype there.
Thanks. Hope it made you laugh.
Check Up: Try some empathy Men may think their girlfriends or wives want them to read their minds, but a new study finds that what women
Happy swift year
LOVE YOU TOO BOOM BOOM. WHEN THE VIDEO COMING OUT?
it's going to be a long weekend.. I barely made it through that game! LOL!
*~so Roc had a party with a twerk team dmnz Roc u bout to get Prodigy azz toe up pictures n everything~*
That proves my point! My wife wouldn't talk to me like that!
- Flory speaks on Volunteer Management in room 11-13 @ 2:15 today! You know she's amazing, grab a snack and kick back!
Thank u for supporting our troops
Aye who does GW play today? And what round is it?
Leave it to House to reference #RogerFederer; begs question, who is the real athlete winning at #Emmys?
When people DM to retweet their tweets <<<
Issa please come talk Of the ordinary mind In 17 vowels.
Kobe is playing right???lol
Water is a key input to energy (all types) w/ substantial issues -- plant siting, pre/post treatment, vol, transport, cost!!!
Thanks for the shoutout! Really appreciate it :)
I'm confused
follow back
usually never wrong.. Told you Brian
i created one, followed and subscribed to you! (:
How ppl treat U is their karma; how U react is yours" ~ Wayne Dyer
Love to play #tennis? Then participate in Tennis for CURE tourney May 19-20 and help us find a CURE for childhood cancer...
Yes! I live in Oxford so only about 2 hours by car! I really hope we get the concert!:')) xox
Ray J was not there Whitney longtime bodyguard name is Ray, he found her.Twitter has Ray J sweating for nothing. Today is Brandy's Birthday.
not anymore I had Tennis this fine morn
That was a whole lot of beer! Enjoy!
- I love Angelus, too.
good luck with BLUE!! Onsat31712<3
More book recs: Bernhard Schlink's Guilt About the Past, Dany Laferriere's I Am A Japanes Writer, Ben Lerner's Leaving the Atocha Station
Its Time To Bring The US Congress & The Untied States Government Departments & Agencies into the Digital Age, Giving Them Social Interaction
i love getting emails addressed to "dr. sender."
I keep getting messages from you, seems like you are hacked. Gotta block sorry
Who wants/needs to hit this snap fitness with me tonight?
Keto + new leg-focused lifting regimen = absolutely exhausted. Busy day!
Appreciate it :) “ #NFB”
Maybe if they turned the economy off and then turned it back on it might run better. Works for my computer....
Totally agree w/ you! Research shows that it's not harder for women but I disagree. I believe women tend to be more emotional
Whats your favorite video of one direction on youtube? Tweet me the link and I will be sure to RT/Favorite and go watch it! :)
stupid drunk ladies
#petpeev people who are never on time
RT : Mediocrity will always try to drag excellence down to its level. Don't trade your superiority for their inferiority.
<U+2318> + W my tab if to bet this'll be a lot about parkour Feel your computer.
lol and you still haven't though! lol
I feel ya! Coming from you, you know it's good! Thanks for writing back!
morning bro! Haha
can you please sign me
Why should we take advice on sex from the pope? If he knows anything about it, he shouldn't! - George Bernard Shaw
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
have some 5 guys fries for your boy? Missed you over the weekend.
#Grammys Please don't overdo it Jennifer.
I hope so. Sounds exciting!
While I doubt it's physically possible this would currently happen, I feel like I'm starving to death. Hurry up, lunch!
So great to meet you in StPete. loss of Dan will always remind me how important it is to let those we love know how much we do
Please do! :) RT - Your chicken breast panini sounds amazing...I'll have to stop by some time.
Joe, I want your youtube background, and, can I have your iChat? pwease.
I shouldn't have but I did and I'm gonna pay in the morning.
I just finished a 2.92 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
hey austy . how are you on this "nice saturday" ? haha :)
Didn't sleep well and it's Monday. Damn.
Man i swear everyone should be like that tho
the kid stevie novak with 8 threes!
Too scary. Too precarious. Make me a squid.
Faculty Forum tomorrow (5/2) at 1:30 in Johnson Center Room 327. Want to gauge support for an Open Access pub fund for Mason authors.
uh.. Nobody invited you to this conversation
Free Reel Big Fish show this Friday at Powerplant Live! Come out and hang with the iBOT crew!!
hahahaha crab crab crab
Great work in the #HealtheSteps Challenge!
batteries for radios?
Wow both Britney Spears and Demi Lovato r joining the X-Factor. May watch it, should b interesting group of judges together.
Just saw the hunger games AMAZING!
How true?! RT : #Aries is frequently competitive, expecting to be first & the best in any endeavour they undertake.
Two-minute countdown to #journchat. Learned it's the first industry chat on twitter, with 7 k participants to date.
good luck! I need to do that soon too..... maybe tomorrow :)
@ austin music peeps: what are your three main concerns for preserving, protecting, and amplifying the Austin music community going forward?
thank you (:
lol he got them dance moves .
2. Some other men don't want it acknowledged as it challenges their own sense of invulnerability.
You're what I need
You have to check out our website www.createmoneyweb.com and also send it to all your followers
is amazed that fellow SAG members voted yes on the awful new contract. End Run, my episode of Burn Notice, is playing online. NO RESIDUALS!
Very good points, thanks for speaking truth.
Thanks for coming! “: supporting great local band and great local space & !”
thanks Shane. Hope to catch up soon.
#3wordsofadvice I love you.
I can't wait until I have money again... I miss shopping so much. :(
SOME ONE TWEET ME
RT Beautiful ass mind RT : Pretty ass face or a sexy ass body?
this is what summer is all about. need to be out on the lake though
My chick bad looking like a bag of <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
I didn't either...swell surprise :) Sounded so good.
they just played on battle of the exes, dope
Bounce TV is now airing on on 24.2!!
I like everything.
Hotel Room Service ;)
Your twitter is fail.
Benjamin Cardozo, a Portuguese Jew, was the first.
Wow I saw "RIP Jackie Chan" in trending right now... I almost died. Luckily I looked it up and found that it was a hoax. *whew*
#Score Time
Penny pinching now, racks on racks later! #Rags2Riches = My Life. A young, humble, hardworking coaching that's still making a name 4 himself
Type "zerg rush" into Google... haha I don't get it can someone explain??
no, you shall only help ME going forward. i'm ur private student.
have to admit i was disappointed in it. dare i say lost all the 'fun' of the debut?
if i die its cuz austin mahone is way to sexy <3 nuff said :)
Today's SysAdmin Day! A big thank you to our sysadmins here for their knowledge, skill, dedication & hard work. Thanks, guys!
Gearing up for a big weekend in Denver! Rom Con here I come!
It's a great quote. The only way to better yourself as a human being is to hunger for something. We all need that drive.
Most of the Kovels interview is obviously so but there are still some of these items that do well at our estate sales or online auctions.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 91
my guess: a derivtn of Poughkeepsie Planning Conference of '87 TEI PCP1 that got shortend in later releases-but check me on this!
Who knows where the book signing line will be for Betty White? I gotta make sure I get my book signed!
Celebrate your Victories, Celebrate your Dreams, Celebrate your Self
Thank you to all our friends, supporters, and customers for making us the hottest after hours spot in the city!!! Tables/Parties RT/DM
Some large companies still don't have facebook & twitter. People will still talk about them but they won't be aware or be able to respond.
“Happiness does not depend on what you have or who you are, it solely relies on what you think.” - Buddha
Now that Battlestat Galactica is done I need a new series to get into, maybe Mad Men
Ridge: Fairplay doesn't want to force states to offer online gaming.
I hate when I'm like "edit, edit, edit," and it won't save changes. Then? I realize I didn't do sudo. :/
kekkiashi is dope
Thanks for the follow <3
Oh that is nice! Love the cherry red :-)
#Jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs jobs
#cara student Jennifer W. secured a position as a Food Service Worker ! 70 of 310!!
are scattered. As much as it wants too, Ancestry doesn't have everything. It's knowing where to find little bits everywhere..
": Still not entirely sure how Beyonce's boobs don't fly out in this video." I want to see what hit the cutting room floor.
you told me I was going to be a junior next year when ima be a sophomore .
truth talk.
Attention Writers: Although Author Exchange Blog has ceased publication, I continue promoting other writers on my blog....
Alec Baldwin is on #CSPAN now talking "Art & Politics"
G morning all!! Happy hump day!!
just mark them all as read and don't read them! Boom.
Welcome to One Georgetown: bringing neighbors together.
"Oh God... My shoe fell off!"
Cloned myself to complete twice the work. Suggest compensation as twice the salary.
I concede
Goss: We are an embedded founder: we work where we live and in partnership with communities and schools.
Awesome! I'd argue that Premise and Theme(s) should be switched ;)
“ the staff seems scared and is hanging plastic sheeting.
Dang my day was goin perfect until these Dang C word came along.. I do approve of this pain
totally fascinating and so true - most importantly true across all industries and relationships!
Opening Day for the , Opening Night at Next Act. Big things are starting today!
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing moms out there! <3
BOOM! BOOM!! #GoBeavs :P
Appreciate the MBA Mondays Live session on Employee Equity. Looking forward to future sessions.
I stand corrected and bow to your fluency in hip hop. RT : Technically, I think he's riding his whip
Lmao true RT : Rihanna got on some Jodeci boots.
Slammy Award winner 4 Life. We miss you Owen!
Hey - I know I can force the right results with +, but it would be easier if you knew that vegan and vegetarian aren't synonyms.
What happened, I was playing Doodle Jump?
When does blatant disrespect holds weight? Outrage should hit this country because of the name calling of First Lady Michelle Obama!!!
Back after a very long travel experience. Will never fly with #Delta again; customer service sucks. I Greatly appreciate
check in 15 times in 30 days to office/corp venue ( works w/ past check ins)
In LA
Just watched #ForRicherOrPoorer. Totally loved it!!! Kudos to and the rest of the cast!!! :D
We are open until 5:30 today! Call if you're planning on stopping in later 414-276-2457 and let's get that Christmas shopping done!
There is no remedy for love but to love more.
come up kid, or meet us in Sunnyvale at our show tonight!
Justin Bieber is walking with Mayweather to the ring... I have officially seen it all.
OMFG LET ME HELP! RT : holy shit i found a whip to beat the kids with xD
It smells like a nursing home in English class.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Now following the lovely FB??!?
Don't rely on ppl, things, or ideas...rely on God...always
We should encourage this!
$$$ Check out our amazing sale$$$ www.createmoneyweb.com
I pray that we don't have a power outage. Ice storms tend to cause massive power outages.
:D interview with this or the apocalypse this coming Monday at the Texas in July show! :D
#LETZGETHIGHHH -Ice Berg
come get one
.."But seem to be struck by you..I wanna make you move"
He is going in yes sir!!!!
listening on drive back from up nort
Of course! Shoot me an email at and we'll make a plan. Looking forward to hearing from you!
Is it just me? Or is everyone twitter-pated these days?
I think the better question is... What am I doing in Dhaka?
Hancock: "The safest place to drink, even...recreationally, is in your home. She drank to excess & she made the decision to go to sleep."
RT“: Well, this season is over for me..." #BL13 #biggestloser yep, me too. Fuck 'em
Tony Wroten is pretty adamant that Hikeem Stewart is going to pick up a lot of the slack next season...
": Just hugged #timeofmylife " how was I not a witness
I know, I was there just last year, you could already see what was happening.:(
From WiG: "...he’s demonstrated creative vision and bold leadership in his job, along with an undisputable commitment to his constituents."
totally agree it was by far and away the best moment of the night
incredible lyrics written by my favorite girl in the world !
The Acne Free works wonders. I need to get some too.
aww anythin for my fellow Gemini
RT : #Fitness trend: hula-hooping ERROR FUN is a great motivator.. Anyone see Hudsucker Proxy?<- HUGE Cohn Bro's Fan! Fun Film!
Early Morning Trips To The Mall <U+2764><U+270C>
The new principal of Ross MS is Lisa McConoghy, who has been serving as academic dean at Ross. Congrats!
it might be fun to collect a bunch of campus people's prom photos and see if people can guess them.
What I lack in promptness, I make up for in sexiness.
#SuckerPunch-cinema has turned a corner. It is a first, even if it looks like a formulaic exploitation cliche genre-hybrid it isn't.
watchin' The Lion King with sissy (: ; text me . ; i like you darlin' <3
New hair cut & color!
Just Dance!
B.I.E.B.E.R --> Beliebe In Everything Because Everything's Reachable <3
That text was two pages long and all I wanna say is "oh, okay"
<--- Busy procrastinating
I am not Mrs. religious at all.
Antarctica? What would you do when you got there?
miss you!
The chair poster by Fredrik Broden was originally the cover of a book about office romance.
People who talk shit to you, usually talk shit about you.
Foods taking longer than expected. Still no family fights, making this the best thanksgiving EVER!
#NAEP Science higher % of students perform at or above basic and Proficient level. Achievement gaps closing White/black & White/Hispanic .
Summer's Must-See Movies - Philadelphia Inquirer
I watched two episodes last night I was dying
It is time to take longer strides-time for a great new American enterprise-time for this nation to take a clearly leading role in space-jfk
Even though Seattle is supposed to be gorgeous this weekend, I'm headed to Portland. Powell's! Rothko exhibit! Yay!
thx for the love and support!
heading back for the summer..no cruising revere beach on my agenda. Cranes beach with the kids. My how times change..
Will evn be at . for the next #worldcup I have been told that the Latinas will be there. :) We shall see.
Happy Mother's Day! : Thank you Kelly right back at ya!! :)
leave my weekends off Twitter!
my last comment and I'm done with this convo, u called out my over use of !!! And I need to lighten up?? Good Conundrum!!!!!!!
That's just the worst right there...I feel so sorry for her....we have to count our blessing and he happy to wake up each morning
that's is crazy I was in English 2 lol now I'm at lunch
you were very fashion forward.
What if the torch blew out guys
Let's just hope we played our way down to a 10-seed tonight. Anything but 8-9.
r living one's dreams>'
I know that my family and I will go all out tomorrow. last day of the year, Fuck it! lets go! 3 games
Was that ever even in question...?
Internet Marketing is on The Floor. So why some people still stuck at nothing. Anyone Has Answer?????/
I need new people to talk too..
First Blood on SPIKE TV ...One of the original #kickassfiction films!
Aww, I want to come! I can be the Actor's Key representative haha.
it has been mentioned a few times on twitter. we take requests, we may not play them, but we'll take them :)
I'm certain that I've given and oh how you can take there's no use in you looking there's nothing left for you to break
GAME DAY PREDICTION: Who's winning?!
lol WE SHORE DO
i say fuck you less im with ya
Looked it up, it's true: we make up stuff that looks good and serves our opinion, but sometimes, the hard truth is what it is, spiced or not
Boston ed struggle: Stand with children initiative really takes away seniority.
Watched a 2 ton SUV do a 540 degree barrel roll... Decided to stop for the night
Dank Clinton
Happy 40th Birthday ! U are like a second home to me with a bunch of dysfunctional family members.
I can almost guarantee she know the deal.
But my nose hurts like no other because i had to force it back in. :(
The way to a man's heart is through his stomach.
yours is pretty baller also
So happy!!!! Nothing can ruin my day. :) Except if you fart on my face. That's really it. But don't you dare try!
Have you visited my website lately? I finished my latest guitar painting. http\\:dmgartstudio.com
a couple buddies and I would base our class schedules in college around Price is Right.
I wanna watch #WhatToExpect ! Looks soo funny!
had stitches, the doc left them in for another week or so because they weren't ready to come out. Hopefully I'll get mine out.
Have you been to the Tulip Festival yet this year? Send us a pic!
Hey , I couldn't possibly . . . I'm stuffed!
those were your words
I wanted Big Sean to get this but its all good Congrats :)
Seriously! Can't wait to try it!
It was having too many happy,wealthy managers,with their bonuses tied to earnings.
Busy man! Truestory
IF I SEE ANOTHER POST ON FACEBOOK ABOUT BULLYING I SWEAR
It's never only about You. You're a link in the chain of Existence. Make a difference. May it be a positive one!<U+2728> Be the change you want.
fire alarm testing day is officially my least favorite day
God damn, I fucking hate my bus stop. I stood there until 7:20....the bus is supposed to be there at 6:42.
I can't wait for Cute Puppies 2: The Cuteness to come out on Steam! It's going to be neat! Chili is yummy! Listen to me! I have Klout!!
man up, wuss! I'll buy you some vicodin and we'll go do some mountain climbing.
you better hope bosh is okay or its not gonna be to good for you guys
i would love to be drunk right now
All this talk about the #HungerGames makes me watch to re-watch
Having a copy of my shopping receipt emailed to me as well? I could get used to this! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009C>
I'm getting ready for a new week full of new challenges, goals and opportunity!
I watched a few of the "preview" clips on the site yesterday, and they're excellent.
If Team Watson is trending, I started a trend 11 years ago. I've been on Team Watson since day one. all day :)
Just ate dinner
I think an aam sticker is due
Is there ever a day that mattresses are not on sale?
M...the savory scone from Rocket Baby Bakery. SO worth the drive out to Tosa.
will this account remain dormant at two tweets like the last one?
no such thing as too many pairs of jeans!
That's why it's always important to just be yourself. c:
I still don't think its hot enough to be in the water tho
he's with ang
Viola Davis...that is one beautiful woman.
always a pleasure dude.
Friend is a strong word
It is a two story building. Top is a guest house/studio. Bottom is a shop.
Things I'm taking away from the #Oscars - #Hugo and
I'll be out there soon.
Who's been using their bartab drinks!? Answer this and I'll send you a credit.
gah, help! I'm stuck in a loop!
I just followed them and told them you sent me ((: your welcome :D
// I'd actually like #DanSynder to name the #practicebubble after #JoeGibbs it's ironic & fitting. Fan voting? Lol
LMAO!...Happens to me EVERY night...": Going to sleep with two socks on tonight, watch I wake up with just one on <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>"
Kinect is based on software technology developed internally by Rare, a subsidiary of Microsoft Game Studios.
Omg i cant wait for CHOC!
Happy Birthday!
You tell me to get fucked, but no one would stoop that low to try and get with you.
I am so sad....my 90 something neighbor died just now... :-(:::::
Sweish house mafia today.. where you at;
We are ordering new shirts and wristbands!!!
I hate close minded ppl. How u diss sumthin b4 u giv it a chance? Ijs
good evening Simon! :) How was your day?
i dont even know what to do .
"after 32 years job security is the most important thing" O'hare worker
When Aziz's completes a 3-point play, you know the MO is on UW's side.
President has Seal Team 6 standing by in case things don't go as he would them to tonight...
SAME PERSON XD
I have not thought about the late great in a lil minute. Aw how will I know if she really loves me, sayin my prayers now
Making some seafood for dinner. Hell ya crab cakes and mussels with a cold beer and my girl. It's a goodnight. Love having Fridays off!
it's called a menu and a delivery service...
too late.
Samuel L. Jackson & Christoph Waltz
I really want a kitten
": Butter pecan ice cream <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>" my fav(:
It's going to be really hot in the gym tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><U+2600>
agree. NFL football is greatest game ever played.
ITS CRAZY THEY TUNE IN ..AN IN UP A FAN..I AM A FAN OF MUSIC FIRST ...IF U SAY U AINT FEELIN THIS U JUST STRAIT HATIN ..BUT THATS FREE PROMO
Enjoy a perfect Sunday patio night with us.. Amazingly perfect weather ambiance & great food! New specials!
Osama Bin Laden tombstone - "Hide and Go Seek champion 2001 - 2011"
First day of Spring quarter begins with Anatomy & Physiology. 700 students, 1 lecture hall and all pre-med students. Here we go...
can u show me how draw a detailed eyes and nose! Plz
Y u cant sleep, and Y you aint at home is granny ok
Please, keep that yap going on about Chelsea. Hope Wenger and Co enjoyed that one from their living room.
Glad to help! Hope you made it through!
What's up with the Twitter background? Do you guys really love drinking bourbon or is that just a sponsor?
": Oh...haha so you're immortal?" ha yess well I am catholic and Gods not getting rid of me that Easy!yolo is just an excuse 2#fck^
Congrats and the Basketball Buckeyes. Final 4 in NOLA. Bring the national title back to the bus.
hey, nothing abt to go to class!
we want unnecessary tour laminates.
the civil disobedience you call "complaint" is designed to raise awareness & push the people/policymakers to form a just society.
Love a good lazy Saturday, time to hit the grocery store and get cooking.
My guess is #GoT is upping the sex early for new viewership in my age range, and then taper back.
Just getting home in time to work more. I have an inspection response & a offer to write
RT : Looking for a SEO Strategist & Cloud guy? Contact BlazeCom for our biz buddy
lol really :D
what are the prerequisites. I already got a degree in swagg, now I'm going for my doctorate in charisma
My clock says it's 9:09 but my body says 7:09. Boo time change boo.
I'd describe my mother as kind.
any reason in proticular
Gah! Luck girl!
where are you from?
is thankful for ESPN3
If last night was a sign to come for summer meyran better watch out
"You need stories. Stories make the numbers come alive." #mladla12 presentation on conducting environmental scans.
Thomas singing on the phone <<<<
Plus 1. RT : This crew is fantastic at refereeing by committee. By fantastic, I mean SUCK.
Heads up! If your Talent Agency is located next to a Major LA Commercial Casting studio on Beverly, they may have been loading a moving van
Today's Brain Floss: Raisins are healthier than chocolate, but they can cause more tooth decay because they stick to your teeth! Brush!
Meteor Man was my stuff! I remember drawing pictures of him in daycare. Static is cool, and Spawn? Hell yeah! (no pun intended)
One Hot Momma!!!!
Hi :) im at the boys and girls club waiting for you.
thought that would never end
Announcement: #A chooses Boxwire for employee feedback! Thanks to everyone who made it happen!
It was great having President Obama in NC today. We had lunch & the waiter asked if he wanted a "doggie bag." I nearly lost it yall.
Whats twitter world? Time to get back on the ball and start doing updates mlre often sorry for the break bit now to start over lol.
Ryan is 20! I remember when he was an infant & you commenting that he had such a perfectly round head. Hope he keeps it safe.
Equality wins in CA--at last.
I just broke 4000 followers on I guess it's time to go buy those new I've been eyeing.
I have this problem, where I feel really creative throughout the day, but then can't muster any energy when I finally get home.
RT : Great seeing everyone at the Studio D Microsoft offsite today.
Yes, many do, but those are also often lost in the time-sensitive twitter stream. Or co-opted by others on the hash.
hello everyone goodmorning...
I first learned about flea markets when I was 7 years old. My 16 year friend brought me there. He was a midget and he sold chinese stars.
yes please! -KC
I really am getting tired of seeing people being so mean to each other.
lol that's VEGAS for ya
Sounds like a great day! I've had some good shopping days too!
thank you for the RT! hope you enjoyed the article
u must dont rap no mo
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to sharing ideas on here.
What's going on on #State Road in Parma,OH
Sometimes getting yourself a new shower curtain is a big deal.
The web site is coming soon :)
Phones dying, ill post pix and chat later! Peace! <33
that was funny! the "less tan version of Suze Orman".
It's already May! and we have a ton of submissions. Don't miss out! And tell your friends.
can't wait to see what you do!
nm bro call me
I love how I used to HATE country music.. now I'm in love with it.
We must remember the stock market is a leading indicator. Looking past the debt resolution to the double dip recession. Hedge and sell.
ha, yeah. I think it's safe to say Fenway is not the same park it was in 1912.
Ilona Ridder (Hermelindanan) Thanks for the follow. May the shirt be with you!
Indeed. At least they wear their influences proudly
Hahah no I do not? at S n S?
Thanks! ;) Laleh has moved & is now happily engaged. RT Tee, you're still cool. What happened to Laleh?
Synthetic Biology survey: win an iPad
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :Roxie said go to bed early. Overprotecting?
Check us out this weekend! :) Great, see you again soon!
#goodnight twitter! #offline -Melanie :)
tonight to celebrate Mr. McCarthy's birthday!!! Love my sbe family!
Then I got pounded. More win!
You quiting tomorrow.... Yeah okay #LiesPeopleAlwaysTell :oP
You know what you're doing. Go get 'em!
power92chicago.com for those not in Chicago
yeah i made 3 cups of it yesterday! thanks :)
That's the group that has been criticized for some questionable interpretation of data, though.
Rays win the pennant!! Wait... oh, nevermind.
- the all star cast of "the help"
Two losses is the cut-off point, three and it becomes a losing streak #randomfactijustmadeup. We need a win!! # SportingKC
It is so beautiful when you connect in a deeper level with someone. I feel blessed that I made new friends
#boston Let win this challenge
trading down works if you know how to properly use the draft picks. I'm just not sold on a RB at 4 today's day and age
what's the theme of the art show?
pleaz follow and RT and kimmie sheldon is off the chain disney! lets get her LOTS of follows pleeeeeeeeeeaz
Thanks so much! “: #FT #FollowThursday: ”
I am the cucumber wrapped in foil you stuffed down your pants.
Sway with the waves, with the waves change, and we'll find our way back to the shore when it's over
5 major barriers to getting faculty engaged and how to overcome them with in Executive B.
I think that's the idea too. I wonder if it's going to prove effective when the career strippers of our generation age-out.
What if
#3WordsForYou God is Love<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
I LOVE PAC - MAN DX SO AWESOME
my money is on you re-installing it in 2 weeks.
Count your baby daddies now, 2 and a possible
Reddit is the most awkward place on the Internet today.
Had an amazing time meeting current and soon to be members at the #GOAP party tonight!
FOLLOW FRIDAY!!
It's kind of funny & sad when "professional PR people" have no freaking clue how to do PR.
don't miss the ! We go until 3 :)
Ugh. That's recent and a shame, but not especially surprising.
requested CDL 4 mos ago. Was just told there was a system glitch & was never issued. Won't receive for wks. Any way to expedite?
Make sure to come to TK to watch SDSU take on Utah tonight at 6! We've got $5 Shocktops and bigger TVs than Best Buy. Let's go Aztecs!!!!
Hows it going? i understand you were tweeting too fast for those in your office.
Congratulations to Beta Iota's graduating Brothers. We are going to miss you too much.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> yea it Ben cancelled Wendy Williams show beat out Monique's show
my place? we can leave from there. you remember where I live. I'm trying to eat a salad quickly. Haven't been able to eat...
Been there-> done that-> not going there
yea yup
awww shucks #blushing RT : It's ! This will be a good #asshchat!
For my #fridayreads, I can truthfully say that I have finished THE ALTO WORE TWEED by Mark Scweitzer and LOVED it!
Lots of neat stuff. Kelly's worked hard. Anna Lewis materials, stuff from when it was girls' only. Plus it's airconditioned!
email me to sign up for time slots on Saturday/Sunday:
Thanks, Paul!
We are thinking about hosting a blood drive. If we did - would you stop in and share some blood?
this is tempting :0
ok great so ill just go into a bar and ask the bartender where I can get some 12 year old red breast. Uh oh
Goodnight, Chicago. And happy 175th birthday!
30% ugh...needs to go faster!
" Wild Horses couldn't drag me away" Love this song....
go follow she well be the happy girl on earth if u do .!!!!!!!!!!! Please
“: logical fallacies are incredibly fun to make up! #nerdygirlproblems” I agree! (except I'm a boy)
Imprinted umbrellas with your custom logo is all the rage this year
loll im reading it online and bredon is hott loll and read the story and you will find out why she hates him <3
six flag !!!! have fun what six flags are u going :)
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. -Plato -- Ancient Proverbs ()
Exactly! People these DAYS >:/
Why is it called "canning" when you're putting stuff in jars? Shouldn't it be called "jarring?"
Hiya! Yep, I'm forging my way through the land of bland, beige foods. Thanks. :-)
hi lady! Thanks for watching! Would love to see you soon!
Saw a Chinese baby and a black kid wave at each other today. Gives me hope for the future. Or another Rush Hour movie.
Why College Football Should Be Banned - Wall Street Journal
I miss our fun Skype chats!!! I hope everythings good with you! <3 Maria
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success. - Henry Ward Beecher
lol, yes! MAC's liquid Studio Fix has me itching like hell, too. Just too heavy.
Plane! A must listen when I'm leaving on a biz trip!
CASSIDY KILLED THAT ... AT THE SAME DAMN TIME BEAT...
I love him so much >.<
Congrats to and the entire#Fedex #DHR team on a great win today.
agreed that what i have now smh
where u these days bro?
1000 on black. Actually red.
Folks keep saying Novak don't play D so he sits on he bench. So we will die with JR out there making bone head decisions. Stupidity.
dick dick dick dick dick dick chicken sack fuck shit chicken
God night
RT “: #Austin local photographer here. Check my page at limeflyphotography.com join over 5300 of us in FB If you can. Thanks"
You had the #mapovirus2012, now I'm getting sick.
Coyotes in Seattle Hood 3:00am multiple Coyote Yippings near our backyard Scared by loud whistling 3rescue cats 1rescue dog safe
Man I have to be the first to present on Monday already..
Jobs on iPad keyboard: "when you have to write War and Peace, just plug it in." FINALLY, easy solution to having to write War and Peace!!
What would you like to see on our dinner menu? Give us some of your everyday menu favorites!
Damn, this is a good ass game!
saw that you're still doing the finger point when you run.. So fire.
If you're having a bad day, my advice is: eat nutella.
Do you want to save your business money? Reviewing your telecoms is the easiest way to make instant savings! Get in touch: 0844 880 2010
I Spy Tribes Ascend! WHY WE NO PLAY!?!?
Dwayne Wade is such a bitch
but I'll give you street cred.. That was a good one. Haha
Life is a lethal grievance, and an eminently infectious one.
“: Life is choosing what you're willing to eat from the compromise buffet.”
Hello outsiders!! Are you followng this #TwSIG ? Say hi.
. I hear you re: popular bks. That's why my blog recommends YA beyond the bestsellers = all the good uns folks might miss!
so fuckin hungry.
And I'd like to write the music. ;-)
Btw: Happy 4th of July everyone!!! Can't wait to see the fireworks tonight :)
can't wait! We have a show may 18th with kill paradise!
thanks for the follow!
If your bf/gf asks if they can lick/eat your butthole... You should really reconsider your relationship.
My job is to take a bad bitch off d market ...
You can never know too much Chaucer. "The lyf so short, the craft so long to lerne"
I bet living in a nudist colony takes all the fun out of Halloween....
Hope you all have a wonderful week!! Thank you for all the new adds, more updates on www.D3xsoft.com coming soon, so stay tuned!!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 306
hahaha you made my day <3
sorry I feel asleep & cuz I told oomf tht I wuld be up to talk to him b4 he go to work <3
The only colors I ever see are on canvas
we're down!
Just saw the cover of Time Magazine
Read Rahm opinion from IL Sup Ct. Loaded with snark and irritability. Also 7-0, just to drive the point home.
Wonderful day w/ and Wellness U Bootcamp. Practical info, useful tips &healing shifts all around. Highly recommend it to all.
Not n a smiling mood today, cuz u put me n this mood, U better hope tomorrow is beta day for me, if its lords will and nothing happens XoXo
#3wordsforyou how it taste?
Ah the suspense of whether a pro se plaintiff will show up for a Fed Ct Scheduling Conf
uugghh ! we gotta find some boizzz soon . (;
I put 100 bucks down that the Tarzan-washes-Leif clip is on this weeks show.
Great play by the knicks, can't believe NOVAK missed that 3. VERY CLOSE!!!!
RT“: old peoples daily exercise is walking the whole mall like 20 times.”
you're so great thank you as #yankees take a 7-1 lead
Thanks to everyone that came out to our show in Portland! We love you all!
yeah, this was our down year. Watch out 2014.
There are no shortcuts - just hard work, discovery and staying on YOUR path!
I kinda liked the video
RT : Just submitted! RT design for the United #Adworkers Membership Card Design Contest!...
just got on . Went to the CBS site your looking at . This could be a very short window for the video . Get them in
Hi PFMC, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
hope had a good birthday bro!
Just realized Chapstick can expire. Mine expired two years ago. Oh well, it's still good!
basketball is my stress reliever
Apparently Logan Circle = Wonderland. First came the giant guinea pig. Today? Croquet.
Can't stop the rain from falling; can stop my heart from calling you. It;s calling you.
This shit didn't come over night I've bin homeless poor & sumo but I over came you can't tell me shit
Someday somebody's gonna make you wanna turn around and say goodbye!
My niggas don't call me Prince, dey call me bawse lol.. We out thou!
You poor ugly thing you! ( Patrick Star's voice )
I did it for the lolz!!!!
That was the best season finale ever!!! That's why there has to be a season 2 of #TheSecretCircle come on don't let fans down.
You love me.
According to McMaster University, CAN 2-3 min. is equivalent to 40-60 minutes of regular cardio training without the pounding and stress.
A Global Assault On Religious Liberty - AINA (press release)
Um what believe tour dated come out this week?!
#3WordsOfAdvice GO FOLLOW
Looking forward to teaming up with for #ATasteofFashion tomorrow evening!
Outfit of success: Vest,V-Neck,Visor!
you're welcome!
Getting ready to listen to on
Thanks for the blast! I'm seriously dying over here from laughing so dang much!
Holy fuck. I think that Florida State receiver is dead.
I am thinking about getting a BMW 116i for a new car!
I was over the moon meeting you tonight. THANK YOU a MILLION times for all the positive energy #SixxAM brings to my life.
so girls aren't doing this by accident? It all makes sense now.
Another long night ahead on top of another day of crappy naps.
cuz he doesn't know anything about panties... 'cept how to make em drop!
America Idol lost 25% of US viewers this season. So Randy Jackson's new funky wardrobe isn't getting audiences to stay? Fox promises changes
I eat it n treat it...
And getcha popcorn ready.....
My girl got a girlfriend
Ann Arbor uses an IRC channel during the day for staff to communicate & ask each other questions. Helps staff on desk with tricky questions.
Really? This stupid fuck needs to get a move on. I haven't eaten yet!
just made myself an iPad stand out of a cardboard box.
For the ever aging record, I love that I made ringtones because when my phone rings people ask who it is. Promoting every day.
Haha - I think he might have been talking thermodynamics there so he's ready!
Glad to hear you love the Aviator!!! Let us know if there is anything we can help with!!!
Build interaction in the catalog thru tags and reviews, by both staff and patrons.
Explain your new avi for me. Where from?
morning bro
your life is fabulous. so glad you have a "side of fashion" still. loving the WSJ LFW coverage. one day i will see you again!
NEW menu item: Angus Brisket, Queso, Grilled Onions, Jalapenos & your choice of 5 Homemade Sauces We call it El Jefe youll call it DELICIOUS
lmao best movie ever "did u show him your bracelet Cora... Did u show him the wwjd"
Midwestern State University Marketing Promotions Class designing marketing plan for the 2011 Chevy Cruze. So cool.
Two blondes walk out of a dairy queen. One trips.
Bleach stinks !!!!!!
thanks for the retweet!
Everyone is so excited for college & I'm just well.. Not.
At the crux of the cold
i'll let you know how I like it. But w mac an cheese how can you go wrong?
Guilty on all 15 counts sounds just right to me.
not trip. Flight. Don't mess with my fav song. Lol
Spinach artichoke dip in a bread bowl.
Be yourself – everyone else is taken. - Oscar Wilde
Yeah, but what was his kicker? RT “Dead Man’s Hand” was coined when Wild Bill Hickok was murdered, holding aces and eights.
heey Alex.(: what's up?(:
What team are you liking now this year? Lol
2 u as well
even in the best of lives, mistakes are made.
Do you like jazz? ;)
we would like to get in touch with you for our public radio show, Here & Now. can you email me at Thanks
Who is the scariest musician ever?
What ever happened to the competitive Cavs not asking them to get the W night in night out but goodness...would like to see that fight
Selena doesn't ever let hate destroy her. She uses it as a fuel to drive her, to dream bigger and to work harder. I admire that. <U+2665>
you knew a star was coming your way for that one.
Lady Gaga Sports Pregnant Belly On 'Saturday Night Live'
Everything's Chill #weedropweerock!!!
A lack of a clear sense for what the purpose of education is. Vision
Agree about sparkling reds.....
I think there's one on El Paseo in Palm Desert too.
My life is so much like The Vow.
So i needed some bobby pins so i went into CVS and took some(:
haha y'all both are goons!
Still generating a near table. Hope it's done by Monday!
were with it! Want us to produce it, or would you wanna supply the beat?
Good stuff
ARIZONA, You awake?
Pizza with a friend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
#Blackhawks rocking some sick camo jerseys tonight. Take note San Diego, this is called pulling it off
Take over the world when I'm on my donald trump shit, look at all this money aint that some shit!
Girls are like Pokemon. It doesn't matter how good you are. You can't catch any if you don't have any balls
I'm good and u?
Love the show! #MOBBED #BostonOnTheRun Follow us back
God is the light that shows me the way, for there is nothing that God cannot do.
I'm glad I shaved my head. If I had my hair trying to play football, oh god...
go bang jerrica
So why was such boring, disappointing text kept a closely guarded secret 40 years after it was supposed to be released?
Let's see it on you!
thanks for the follow back :) are you coming to teen hoot
quite frankly, all i care about is the bacon... xD
As soon I can, I'm out of here.
im crying omfg
How can you be happy after the Chocolate runs out...by cutting the cords of attachment.
I don't think it will tho (hates me! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>)
Being single does not mean no one wants you...it just means that God is busy writing your love story. (:
Foster Kids Given Psychiatric Drugs At Higher Rates - NPR (blog)
Literally just got home from catering for over 8 hours..so unbelievably tired.
RT: Once betrayed, a #Virgo will shut you out and make sure there's no way for you to get back in.
I bet. how long b4 you can start?
I just wanna sleep.
Please log onto www.tdmwebacademy.com and tell us what you think
#snooker Trump looking outstanding
It doesn't take an hour and a half to deliver food. Step up your game Pizza Hut.
And good luck on the CA exam! I took it last year. Let me know if you need any study guides.
Sarah maclaulin coming up
You ain't gone give nobody the business. Just runnin yo trap
It's been more than 5 minutes...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
At Applebee's watching them Laker boys :)
Hmm..match postponed until Sunday..interesting
And that would be because I hadn't followed you back yet. Problem solved. :) Email coming soon!
That Elton John Pepsi ad is the worst thing in the history of things.
Tonight at "Hump Day" Penguin Wednesday's. and spinning, bottles available, no cover!
so cute! Want it ASAP
RT : I'm giving away my awesome Syfy USB Flash drive to someone who retweets this note by 5pm PT on 12/16 - instagr.am/p/YxHQg/
Accused killer-kidnapper: I'm not a monster - Houston Chronicle (blog)
Presents unwrapped, dinner eaten, nap out of the way. Onto dessert and heavy drinking!
too classic! I got some of her songs on my iTunes waiting to get on my iPod lol
The meat is starting to fall off the ribs put the first layer of sauce to smoke through the meat another hour or so and its grub time!!
hmm I think u r partially right on this. Both his father & him were called 'Pops' but I also do believe he was called Junior!
Happy Valentines Day from DWC!
today is my birthday and it's a big one, I guess
#myconcertdemands blink 182 at jones beach, ny
#FF a lovely jewelry designer
Great site. Will have to talk to you about setting a dig lit site up at if you're there.
Thx for 'Liking' us!
of course we'll help you out! (:
hey, who can I contact about an interview?
Those annoying girls that you can hear over your music even when it all the way up. Like seriously I can't hear Cody, stfu!
& size matters at the palladium! Cant wait!
Lol at least I have a chance ;D
The sexiest black man just gave a white man his number and I'm just like.... Hi hello I want it too!
Nice handle! Looking forward to your red and green chilie pepper news.
Menon: identifies with Chinese identity and culture that forms it
When you hear about the Great Traditional games in College Lax, one of the teams is almost always Johns Hopkins. JHU vs MD Sat 6pm ESPNU
sitting in my car parked in my garage to tired to move : wonder if my bf will come tote me in the house <3
Vega Communications collaborating and Wordpress-ing with Get Known, Get Big Marketing
New developers are registering to GIS Extensions Market, do not be late to attend the community.
elmwood park is dead as hell, never thought id say this, alsip is better
I'm glad that the one thing in the world we disagree on is our taste in women. Good thing you were never my wingman.
Police are showin no mercy in my neighborhood. In 20 mins I've seen 4 ppl get pulled over lol glad I got a ride home
Massive tunes out right now!! Big Up All Junglist!!
RT Lol can't blame you they even talked about Jesus - U good?
Of course. The slut takes him. Again. Alicia Marie Riveria, you better watch your Gawd damn back, 'cause you're about to get stabbed.
I've always been feeling guilty about pampering myself 'coz I look at parenting as a responsibility & it should always.....
To those who do Blessed and Happy Samhain and to those who don't Happy Halloween
On the menu for tonight: 5 v 5 soccer games for the boys in Boynton Beach and an assessment in Delray.
#swsxi good beginnings: laughing -squids. Good people. Glasses/monocles. Tacos. Rain. I dig it! Watch out mañana...
. . . filmmakers and freelance writers. I won't work for content farms nor compete on price. But many/most seem to.
IT HAS A COMPASS AND A TRAILER HITCH. WELL FUCK YES
I Love You O - The Network will Soar with Edgy Original Daytime and Primetime Programming - Build Your Network to the Fullest.
fads happens throughout history. Look back at telephone booth stuffing, etc. it'll pass over then a new one will pop up.
I'm doing good! How about yourself? (:
Follow up: Is it possible to balance advocacy for thtrs and protection of audience?
Melissa, while you were busy giggling from the back of the classroom, Rolling Stone was giving 's #Trespassing 4 stars!
I THINK JUSTIN BIEBER IS WIERD
2 Thumbs Up
thnx for the follow! We serve your beauties quite a bit! keep on doing what ya do!
how would I get a WWE superstar or to speak at a school?
I love how companies send free shit to rich people who can actually afford it instead of showing class & doing a contest for average people
Aw ok when gettin here?
Hey, now, who what now?
Want to be #amwriting, but my brainyparts are in no shape. Starting tomorrow, I get back to my original 3k/day summer #wordcount quota.
420 is everyday
that movie freaks me out
Mom wanted to see 2 movies so im paying :')
How do you create community? Put the needs of the team ahead of your own.
Too late lost it all!
- I <U+2665> you and your heart of gold (or platinum - whichever is better). =]
Gnarly wine! It is Lagunitas night at Cooper's Tavern!
I was always there for you..
Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority
I just stopped watching last weeks Shameless to turn on the #cnndebate. I immediately regretted that decision when #Romney spoke.
We sippin goose girl, we gettin loose girl. So why don't you sit up on my lap with that caboose girl.!(;
Part of me thinks we invite Spam by being on Social Media - but then you get Spammed Hard and you're like What the....
Hi dolls! I have missed you..so sometimes don't exactly go the way we would like...but that's no reason to stop following. Your dreams:D
I know, I rule
I respect my brother yet he treats me like crap and talks about me on facebook.I don't get it and it pisses me off
I don't like u can buy cubans. Then u torture us with pictures
And even more: Banana Foster Ice Cream, White Chocolate Chocolate Chunk Ice Cream, and Pumpkin Pie Ice Cream!! Don't miss out!
is checking my work emails before I get ready to go to work...how lame!!
Signed a few books and talked to my publisher. Good things in the works.
Do you watch NHL at all?
and never cause i dont own a computer :(
haha! Close but...I'm wearing B Sherman mod target t and shorts addidas untied.. picked it up in hawaii... UK/CALi swag!
I've been known to go by myself to see gems like Fast Five or 21 Jump Street. I'll watch anything w popcorn & Twizzlers!
gonna get my dance on tonight at Stoney's Las Vegas. Bring it!!
I love MJ, but this video is shame! He never wanted to give his fans video like this!
Anything with a "deadening grasp" that isn't Adam or Maggie Walsh is fine by me. I like it.
Nice... Boulder's own!! RT : Congrats to on #tourgila win! GC win!
your a fucked up muthafucka but funny as hell
I kept thinking it would be cold today but then when I walked outside, it was beautiful! What a great place to live!
#xam11 another long day of information download and training! Lots of good vendors looking to win our business!
Crnko: from Slovenia has been a hit! Inviting with personality and finish. Kind of like the last dinner party I attended. ;)
Great afternoon of riding
brand is dead as is, could be converted to niche community (entertainment?) and rebuilt.
not if you sing them some Vicente Fernandez lol
623-255-4088 ext1 mst ask for Dean, lets talk about your needs and go from there
The awkward moment of c'in da person ur n luv wit&they're wit someone else. Do u say hi or give them da same treatment they gav u, Move on.
My mother on Jenna "she's like a Saturday night live character! With that bad hair and everything!"
look:Linux Kernel Developers with focus on low power, code optimization, drivers, Android
glassmeyer.com via iPhone. Posts r ok, but sum embedded links r dead tho didn't try all. Great to see in mobile format
For anyone at Breakthrough VII in PR, if you are reading this, you should find me and give me a hug! I have one for you!
Life is sometimes like filing for bankruptcy, forgiveness is a fresh start.
Anyone know what the avg FT% is during close march madness games with under a minute to go? Seems like almost all the kids miss at least 1.
Happy Friday, Tampa Bay! Tonight at dusk you can catch a FREE movie on #Clearwater beach (grassy area by playground). They're playing
I don't bother wearing long sleeves to bed anymore, because my hair keeps my arms warm.
If I told you I can read minds, you would swear I'm illiterate.
Will someone please help get to 300 followers? I'll dm Austin & Alex for you if you promo them (:
Pace Siegfried Zielinski, can we have a magical approach to media technologies?
At #MusEdTech with , who is currently explaining and the difference between it and
Brick City, MA.
I'd take away cancer.
T Holt. What up!? U kill it on when u on TV. Course u always loved to chat it up lol.
We're talking #Zags #Mariners #Whitworth #Shock and #Seahawks tonight. Sports is around the corner, come hang out at 5 & 6 on
Haha wow those went fast
Did pretty good for the one inning I got to play
thanks for the
presenting "Solve Your Content Crisis" in just 30 Minutes! Don't miss this session folks at
and are too kind. I simply do what I can with what I have where I am. Thank you both.
Thanks for the
Any happy hour specials tonight?
Over 8 Million views!! So proud! LOVE YOU <3
Went to Frys Electronics in Roseville Ca yesterday-funny, the guys all wear white shirts & ties, the gals wear T-shirts what's up with that?
So does that mean it's also sensitive on the outside and manly on the inside?
“: oh foreal what type of job u doing” gas turbine engineer
Getting ready for Meg's soccer game. Hope they win one this season.
Oh. My. God. Becky, look at her butt. Tunechi! XD
Thank you!! RT : happy mothers day btw god bless you & ya son.
hey tweeps, who has the hottest cyber monday deals? :-D
All the guys should have left.
Increasingly convinced that Philly is the place to be for civic hackers. Supportive gov't, engaged tech community, hard problems to solve.
Wow I can't stop laughing this movie is amazing!!! Good job and
About 3/4 way through FLEDGLING by late, great Octavia Butler. Anyone read this book?
Did you know that improving Keyword Quality Score can lower your cost for Adwords & improve ad position? Want to know how? 1-866-258-5511
You are very welcome! How could we not do a little something for one of our favorite guests?
can I get a followback?
[Donations] have been coming in nicely. I want to express my thanks for two contributions of 10 cents each. That was thoughtful. [1945]
Taking off for LA tomorrow, I will be in #santamonica all day wednesday at pier 59 studio
Twitter has hiccups again. *blowing up paper bag*...........BLAMMO!!
after you duck taped it in!!! How has it not died?!?
Gym Gay Bingo Hump Night Maybe the weather warmth will seep into the night's happenings. Word.
you deserve a big OK HAHA for that one lol
Congrats! Exciting.
Go Wildcats! (That's for all my Duke friends...)
and I hope you guys have a safe flight. Enjoy australia!
Just watched Footloose. Can I have a crush on Kevin Bacon now or is that gross?
Yes I'm still going
day made!
Christina Milan's Daughter is Beautiful.
my umbrella keeps flipping upside down
#NineLives was so good tonight!!! Can't wait until next weeks episode!!!
are you back in twon this weekend bruh? Cuz i might go paintballin
Nice piece on our #MLK TOD in today's thanks to .
funny thing is, that was not about you hun, thanks tho. and controlling bitch, yeah, totally, yep. ok
After this afternoon I've concluded that editing is possibly even harder than the actual writing part :)
Life is like a backyard; if you don't pick up the dog shit today, there will be twice as much tomorrow. Be proactive & live better.
what about for ps3 elite??
Ha! Just landed. Guess what? Rain!
Eagles defeat the Giants 17-10.
beautiful day.
<3 you know it :D
see you bright and early cubey!
“: Why do people with braces smile the hardest and show the most teeth?” sorry...
GREAT MOVIE!!!
Runny nose. Meow.
St.Pattys day oh yeah. Have fun and be safe.
no problem. And thanks for replying. We didn't find your Twitter handle on your website.
He is an above average CB, which is about what you would hope for by a 2nd round pick, so rate it good pick but not great pick
If you need to talk today, text me. <3
Where the heck are you? Missing your witty tweets.
Whoever said "You can't judge a book by its cover" was obviously not an author. Every author knows covers sell books. www.lindaswift.net
is gonna be a great concert!
#GoSpursGo Beat the Grizzlies!
I think i"ll watch the #superbowl in #Mexico. Indeed, #margaritas!
subway is better
@ home with my dogs
I love yo dimples when u blush(:
indiana stucco contractors, stucco contractors indiana, stucco companies indiana, indiana stucco companies, stucco repair indiana, stucco
is a great business in Illinoise! They support and sponsor PC artists!
What is this thing called ... morning ?
thanks for the luv sweetie appreciated
Just read all of your news/stalked you on Instagram. 1. Your RING! Gorgeous 2. I will be praying for you these 2 weeks. Oxo
Remember, all our sound effects CDs are 70% off on Monday -use coupon code CYBER28 at toxicbag.com
I always tweet a shit load during 2nd period. I just have so many thoughts that need to be shared! #MaybeIShouldWriteABook <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> or <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>?
make me!
New Yorkers have no shame. And a lot of game.
Thank you for the #follow Shoutout!
YES! :3 I talked to like it was the first time we met! it was cute! i love you!
Oh, okay. I like it for some reason. I guess, because I can relate to the characters trying to become actors.
#Hispanic community needs 2 DISOWN #GeraldoRivera, talking bout Black & Brown ppl need 2 stop wearing hoodies
I Sent It ...Did You Get It ?
That was the right move. Stand strong.
And that was today's Irony Report, brought to you by the Taxpayer Watchdog Carl DeMaio. Because with watchdogs like Carl, who needs robbers?
Thanks for including us, great content!
I love my boyfriend so much
got you love.
Part of my test this Friday is capitalism vs socialism. Get ready to get torn apart, Mr. Marx.
maybe not then. Burbank to JFK. Looked like him
is up and at 'em! Off to for my live 6:40 a.m. segment! Check it out if you're up!
This hurts. Like I'm not even mad. Disappointed. Haven't felt this bad since we lost to MTL in '10.
If ya' havin' #WOD problems I feel bad for ya' son - I got 99 problems, but gettin' fit ain't one .... Yep, that totally just happened
tnks I learned a lot from this post
I wish Oprah had kept her daily Talk Show on abc. I miss it.
When doing a Phase I, check the insurance of the company. If they don't have at least $1 million in coverage then your report is not valid
yes and they will never know what im going through
Getting ready to ramp up for next week.
need to differentiate your brand from your competitors
Can't wait til' 4/20... Every potheads favorite holiday...
: I bet Indiana Jones is terrified of you!
Any fun pumpkin carvings this year? Tag us on your photo or post on our wall so we can see!
How cool would it be to reach 2,000 Facebook fans by the end of the week?? Let's make it happen by Black Friday, big SALE to come!
why are you watching that?
ppl wanna chill @ my crib… im trying 2 get out my crib… um What the heck!
I still can't believe that facebook bought instagram for a billion dollars!!
A big salad a day helps to curb unhealthy cravings!
Nolan Reimold may be the best player nobody knows, and nobody cares about.
I say, "carrots are so good for you. They are do dense." She says, "yes, they are. Just wish they tasted like chocolate." ....
RT Heat Coach Erik Spoelstra concerned about "ignite-ability" of Brandon Jennings......valid I'd say :-O
I tried buying an Acura with my AMEX once. No, they didn't take American Express, only Visa.
OH: "I always liked the brawny lad."
Don't try to figure me out because u never will....
How much do I love 's location? Hahah
Just finished putting the finishing touches on a Press Release about Lazer Frenzy winning the award for Best New Attraction at IAAPA!
oh you make me so happy! :)
I just love Elektrolytes.
Angel Pecan goes yard!
oh lawd, I'm drinking lol. I can't recall the exact verbiage right now lol. Hit me up with that tomorrow
Good Morning Tweets waking up very early this Monday morning...
I'll take it!
For the first time in a very long time, I have no idea what to do.
Regarding Avoiding Litigation: a contract signed by two guys named "itzy" and "cinamon" might end up in court.
Tomorrow is Take Your Daughters and Sons to Work Day or as it shall forever be known: When Worlds Collide.
lol I dunno if its u or my cell but changes pic from hat to brown tone pic lol
: Need a great suggestion for a light but filling pasta sauce? Anything outside the box you can suggest?
Agreed! RT : Tilted Kilt Girls are hotter than Hooters girls.
Please know LifeWay hasn't done this to me! However, it's a blanketed pressure in the publishing industry... and MANY authors are under it.
Internet outage? I could not do that. Wait, did someone pay you a million dollars just to see if you could do it?
hey! wanted to know if you are going to be at #Leadership on Mon
EATING NOODLES AND A WHOLE PIZZA MAN I CAN B A REAL FAT PERSON
Use Soovle for keyword research. Try it if you haven't yet.
Did anyone else use to watch the power rockets..
My roommate went on a religious retreat last week, and comes back today. I took the 2hr spark notes and watched The Passion of the Christ.
Best video game? Modern Warfare Bree
There's always time for metta and Thai Healing Arts! See you soon!
Switching It Up Today. Jerry Springer Show
Leg raises!
I made a deal with myself--if it starts raining while I'm locked out on my stoop, I'm going 2 start drinking this beer straight out growler
You can go thru a red light too. Ppl talk about this issue like it is so dangerous. It pisses ppl off because they "cant" do it
Hey Josh!!! So good to hear from you! and Aloha : )
You should consider wearing something from my clothing line on 106 and Park. I'm in the D so holla at me for real!
You're a bad person, and I hate you. Don't have kids.
You Doing You, Is Way Diffrent From Me Doing Me.
hopefully soon, we'll hear from her
Smokin on some purple is
thank you!
Pattie, Jeremy, Kenny,Dan, RyGood, Usher, Mama Jan..& Scooter. ,i thank you for everything.
It was a CBS/NYT poll Romney 46% Obama 44% among women. I don't think that is possible but still freaks me out maybe ppl lied
Halfway through the week!
RT : Such a good tip! I recently made goat mousse & piped into halved fresh apricots & drizzled with truffle honey.
I'm listening to some old music , wondering to myself where the fuck did music go wrong ?
have fun dude. Go Crew!
did some things you cant speak of.
Awww thank you ^^
enjoying this time off...relaxin and watching tv!
Ladies, inappropriate dress is one of the ways we undermine our credibility with management or potential clients.
I think i wanna go see my girl today
GOLF IS BACK!
Exact same thing happened to me. You get it fixed yet?
Text me back!
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
so you must be familiar with The Stanchion then Laura!?
I'm about to be a guest critic at an art school critique... fun to be back in this context.
works w entrepreneurs, for startups and Microsoft pays him to do it
RT If Yuh Want A Shoutout. (MUST BE FOLLOWING ME) Hurry! I'll Pick The Winners!
My cousin just asked me where I wanted to go for my birthday, MIAMI BABY! ;) Haha <3
that is a tough call...
Thanks, Christine!
doing .NET/JavaScript by day and Haskell by night so far is working rather nicely to keep me programming for fun w/o it feeling like work
98.8% of Data transferred using P2P networks is copyrighted!
which movie ?
#ThingsIGetAlot....Are you mixed with Dominican ???
redline is packed all day, also the Howard park and ride is full everyday too.
Looking forward to the Manny Pacquiao vs. Margarito fight! Pacman should dominate per usual.
#Bucks and #Badgers doing great!
i think I really like this kid <3 but not as much as I love
The ability to see order in chaos is called creativity...
There's something 'bout love That breaks your heart It sets you free There's something 'bout love That tears you up You still believe
I'm so sick of hearing about Dwight howard right now. Great player, but he is being such a baby.
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome. -Samuel Johnson
Man that's coming along great! I'm so excited to see the completed piece :D
Ewww you're like 40 you can't legally wear Hollister anymore.
SOTU - Sorry Mr. President, but education reform by way of competitions won't achieve educational equity.
Thx for messing my day up even more anything thing else u wanna say to me
Thank you for my trending topic :) I'm so blessed!
RT I <U+2665>Music House.
thanks girl!!
Great to have you following us, Tara! You have gorgeous skin. What is your skin care routine?
Happy Green Tie Day to me #fb #postgradproblems h/t
kk see u tonight
Table is super tight now. Raise and take it for about 10 hands straight.
Text your number backwards and say "This is the bizarro you."
Where can I find your latest writing? What are you working on?
Why are you tired? Oh I'm doing good just woke up. :)
you're not following and you didn't tweet me the hashtag thing... so sorry, no numbergame
RT If u can believe in your heart that your Faith is correct w/ no proof required: you're ready to rise to great heights!
My babe might be coming home tmmrw ;)
Wonder if I should fix my hair for the water park tomorrow? Hm.........
Bumping some Miley Cyrus jams at
Having to do pointless things when I have important things to do makes me really frustrated & cranky. So far, today has made me very cranky
aint shit here either. We need to hit a club or sumn
I'm at a bar with chairs made of actual car seats. I'd take a picture but I'd probably get punched in the face... Only in NYC
All answers lie within the Quran. But which question are we talking about? : )
I hope so too. Be well!
I think you did!
Convent the thought.
Great show tonight... RIP to the golden guitar
Hey, it's 70 in Seattle today, so...
haha crazy in an amazing awesome way lol
Thanks for tweet w/ depth. Irony exists in the timeliness of Twitter.
Halloween Cutefest postponed until Sunday 10/30 due to snowy weather. Spread the news! Hope to still see you!
On the road! Next stop CSR!
Diamond Dallas suing Jay Z. Thoughts? Haha.
Chicago was crowded for me and the traffic felt like I was driving in Khi :/
Psyched to take part in the Dance Teacher Summit again this year!!
thanks Zaccc<3 what are you gonna do today?(:
I cant go to sleep
Even back in CAB, used to hear some cauldronites repeatedly yell "Vermes must leave", don't hear that one anymore. =)
What's going on, Twitterverse?
I'll have you know... is very qualified to do Orioles PA. He already introduced more talented squads this year for
I actually love Britta. I get her. We are similar in many ways.
A PICTURE IN DESPERATE NEED OF A CAPTION.... :)
is a total puss, but is dying in 20 degree weather.
Today is my last day at work b4 vacation to Alaska & I am NOT happy to be reaching for the kleenex box every 15 minutes. Bad Body! No colds!
Love builds bridges where there are none.
I'M SENDING YOU GUISE A FANBOOK OKAY?
We might call them "rare" diseases, but totaled together these conditions are common. 1 in 10 Americans has a rare disease.
Just found a huge stack of notes taken at restaurants. Does that make me a huge nerd?
cold I get a rt from the future ncaa champions =BBN
I'm looking to hire a part-time marketing person.
Looking forward to #taleoworld in a few weeks - esp how the buyout of Learn.com is going to play out w clients #Taleo. Great news for us!
Thanks for the follow!
Dude so thankful of my Nanny if I miss an episode of Big Bang Theory she always catches me up on it
we are what stranger
I'm wit u Flii Stylz...throw the word the word hot in there too and then we got a funeral lol!
makes for ugly fingertips but easier playing ahaha
#chatcrashers club w/
It's so quiet and peaceful and tired when you are up at 4am waiting to buy Beerfest tickets.
I think I just overdosed on garlic. Oops.
is KQVO on the air?
Pimp chronicles >>>>>
lighter later means less time on the computer, more time outside? Is the drop skewed toward evening hours?
#repPaulRyan is like the high school nerd who was picked on and is now taking it out on the poor of this nation. He is pathetic!
Where there is no belief in the soul, there is very little drama . . . . Either one is serious about salvation or one is not. An
WOW. Congrats and thanks for all you have done and keep doing for Kansas City!
we're awesome
Suddenly the Indians are battling uphill.
I sprayed perfume on that I hate so I #run #faster. Just another tip for Wednesday. #wisdom :)
Good morning, DC! How are you on this fine Friday morning?
Did win the viewer appreciation prize?
It's just not that hard to drink a whole bottle of wine yourself over the course of a whole evening.
You fight the change! or fight for it !
is that supposed to surprise us??? lol
Thank you Warren Miller! That was a great surprise auction item.
I know, I love him and I don't understand why. He treats me like dirt but immature girls like gold. Like wtf.
Is Steve Jobs going to have to take a pay cut from his $1 annual salary now?
Keep an eye on your mail! The lecture posters are out. This year's theme: THINK.MAKE Exploring the Art of Craft in Architecture and Design.
: ) CHECK MY PICTURE : ) DMS OF SOULJA BOY :D
I know so yep cum on wit it
Another thing to keep in mind is that sometimes these things take time to catch on
i gt u
Cascade Florists has more than flowers-- We have balloons, gift baskets, and more for all every occasion! Celebrating anything this weekend?
It's sad you don't see what your missing... But the day you realize it, it'll be to late.
When I my parents divorced...you were the only way I could have survived that. And I thank you so much Justin. I love you!<333
Does any Political Journalists or News Junkies want to chat about the Pres General Election between Romney & Obama?
Some people are just so...BLARGH. -.-
We experience Czech culture/history & language Take the journey!
yeah they're making it
Jennifer is thinking about why things aren't changing: where's the passion? why aren't we throwing the tea overboard?
Decided to try and carry on my Alvarez (guitar). Got through security with no problem, just hoping Southwest will not make me gate check!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
thanks for RTing that at the right time I almost forgot!
No brakes, I need state farm.
I love how I met your mother. Slap bet slapsgiving..is..legen wait for it and I hope your not lactose intolerant..dary.
Started working out feels Hella good bout to get toned
School was created to socialize
On call for 7th admit? Don't mind if I do
kiss me that song u like
#GeorgeLindsey passing away really saddens me. People like that don’t come around this world nearly enough.
I highly recommend films by Ousmane Sembene. I did a report on the late Senegalese filmmaker back at USC. Wonder if I kept a copy of it...
we're in NY and Italy. You?
I follow 2 cats on twitter and ! How crazy is that ! Meowww
yeah. Honestly. I'd like for them to move here. I'm selfish like that. Lol
#DuckDynasty My new favorite TV family. The Waltons meet ZZTop.
+1 to situ city. It's a good one.
yes!! I was just reading about this today.
life aint no joke so hell is a comedian
Shes single because she has standards. Knowing what shes worth & she refuses to settle for less than she deserves.
. Costs of shelving/serving p-books in Paul Courant study 2009, older OCLC Research study has acq/catl costs
i want more followers. follow me bitches.
Love it when your wedding song comes on randomly! Thanks
I'm so excited to see Jimmy Kimmel next week in LA! :-)
Add to todays numbers: Unemployment is now down to 8.3%. This is nearing original stimulus projections. Coming back!
Thanks for checking us out Mark, we're seeing a huge spike in student internship research right now
Trust No One
- that is one cute #Melinda u have there... :-))
A week from today on Sunday Oct 2nd will perform at Hotel Cafe at 8pm! Can't wait to sing for you!!!
I'm a sleepy pup... Not so sure I will make it through this #Steelers game. {yawn}
It's almost Mother's Day!!!
I hate when I forget my headphones.
it was under and you would do that to me!
walking for right now. very excited to see him win AD 79
Did you know that children get arthritis? Nearly 300,000 under the age of 18 are affected by Juvenile Arthritis. www.healthfacts4all.com
Here's a wild idea...perhaps if this country didn't send so many jobs overseas.so manyAmericans wouldent be unemployed.. Just a thought
My name is Miggie,and I ain't perfect, but I work hard so I deserve it!
My daughter loves it, too. We're negotiating naming rights. :)
Love half days of school
Haha hey jake!
You live in my heart and pay no rent <3
Everything is funny after 12
um imma need u npt to look so sicknin..... :) lovin that hair!!!
I'm good just trying to get back there
word. standby
": My lil bruh makin moves with his weird ass lol"
touts $12 million in city savings made police academy, environmental cleanups possible in state of the city address
G is watching a show, set in India. Everyone speaks perfect English. We then had a long discussion about ethnocentrism.
"education...is the training of the powers to use books wisely & effectually rather than a transfer of so much knowledge from so many books"
you're cut off from Blue Crush.
This girl claims she classy. Yet she gets pissy drunk every time she goes out, wears wigs, and dresses like a 16 year old. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
omgeee ! everybody follow even if your not an arab so lol follow them <3333 (;;
Im cracking myself up right now haha Man im funny(:
How did I know someone would tweet "Kayla's Baby"... #ShowChoirProblems <3
RT : Vennell and White still only 45 secs behind Geniez who is slowly making his way to the top of the Empire Grade climb
Omg thats a chick!?! I thought that was a dude. Jesus Christ. What has this world came to!?! Since when does girls get a buzz cut!?!
can't wait to come check it out!
Aw okay thanks :c
Rainy day... I hope this doesn't mean I'm the only one at Zumba.
If muffins are ugly cupcakes are pickles smelly cucumbers?
Ah yea, somewhere in the world its about to be 4:20 again :-) #Rolling up
I don't wanna get up I'm a sleepin'r'us bus There's too many miles in between stops So don't go making a fuss
Awww :) that's soon!!
Praying for the students at
You never realize how much you truly love someone until you let them go
Once they stop talking to you, they start talking about you.
As long as it doesn't cost the Athletic Department a boat of money, I don't see any reason to not play more basketball.
Hungry Girl Problems just followed me.... I'm sorry what? Why?
3/15/1784->Steuben:Peace Est. has 2 objects—the security of Posts& the public tranquillity&to be prepared to resist attempts of an Enemy
So tired!
Wow. You're pathetic.
you're both idiots
oh are you going to school?
that was really good! Great job! :))
i need mine done asap
it's become one of my favorite hobbies! Who would have ever thought?!
Listen to my music /onlineradio you can also listen to the top Indie artists in the country!
someone just offered me a 1000 dollars to be his gf OMG LMAO! i am going to pee my pants of laughing
When "MIKESTERZ" spell 's name as Mickey...He is not a mouse! Get ur facts straight!
So, what are you going to do?
For the love of Brin, Chrome, why do you ALWAYS have a pending update to run? Is this your passive way of asking for some time off?
I need to be more social but iooonnnnoooooo
Oh your a "pimp" but you cant even pay your cable bill. What a great "career" choice you have made
Sure do! (*shout out. Darn autocorrect) Happy Friday!
Started using at work today, it seems pretty cool.
Nope. Managed to get on a flight to Dulles. Unfortunately that means I'm now at Dulles. At midnight.
Farmers market and voting...a great combination
Great design starts with listening
won't let u do what support
what do you say you, & I hit up after & ? 2 words hopped mead...
Love has its way of blinding people from facts.
Check out our FB 4 today's extra special FB Friday! New products ~On Sale~What could be better?Today only! www.facebook.com/peanutfreeplanet
Icing the foot each night now. Also taking Vitamin D and Glucosamine supplements. Desperate to heal and to get on with it!!!!
We're in a Google Hangout with and friends - a great way to meet face to face without having to travel! cc:
Yes! If you see one you're aching to go to - let me know! I'll do the same.
Bad start for Josh Johnson -- after subpar ODay start. Nowhere near 100 percent back at this point. Not good for
Do you treat yourself to dessert every time you dine out, or do you save sweets for special occasions only?
TONIGHT - Thursday Night Trend with DJ's A.I. & J-Roc along with The Lotus Dance Team at Albuquerque's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!
At date function with my wonderful girlfriend who would rather play games on her phone than talk to me :P
Mass, then helping a buddy move, and then a BBQ for my friend getting married. It is going to be a long day.
after seeing your profile pic for the first time just now, I'm surprised u only have one stalker.. haha
facebook.com/inaudikaband
Now a member of Alliance Repertory Company.
you still with them?
My birthday coming, should I throw a party? LMS if so
: However long the night, the dawn will break. -African Proverb"
I lova you
go big or go home ~
This just in! new mobile friendly website. Order egift cards, make reservations and more from your smart phone!
I wish!! Make me proud! haha
FIRST FRIDAY on the Avenue! Come check out all the cool shops AND stop by the B to have some warm delicious dinner!
not forever baby…january 4th!!!
k. thanks. bye. hope you enjoy treating me like this.
Same here
How are you!? Hope your doing well! Once I move back to LA, lets get together! Age & I think your great! :)
I get so nervous when I go up
So who's for moving Lucroy into the #2 spot in the Brewers order? 3-run double gives Crew the 5-4 lead in the 8th!
:) i really like you
- I can't wait for you to come back on your show b/c A Martinez has lost his mind blaming Harden. We want Stephen!!!!
dvd's on exposing rappers & Illuminati need to stop expose these (crackers-dirty cops) these crook D.A.s these lie-in ass cops city to city
Same thing with Dunkin Donuts coffee. When I got back to the east coast, that was the first thing I wanted.
BARACK THE VOTE
Dutch Gold Resources, Inc. Announces Press Conference at NASDAQ MarketSite
This does make your debt to even larger now, considering he saved Braun for you and you reward by screwing him out of Grady.
legit like died omg he's perfect
People irritate me... alot.
I wish I was cute enough to pull a septum piercing off..
And pretty much every last-gen Medal of Honor game.
Remember all the writing I've been tweeting about? Anyone seen of that motivation laying around?
If your BeDo "doesn't scare the hell out of you—and if imagining the manifestation of it doesn't make you cry—it isn't worthy you."
Should the Sheriff be held in contempt for not following a judge's order to take 91 year old to hospital?
Good thing I didn't report that story - my ferris wheel bias clearly displayed on twitter profile page...
New York pizza tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Want an interesting twitterfeed? Follow my friends!
Looking forward to the relaunch of our company website tomorrow.
I dropped Pomeranz for Alex White in my leagues. Seems like a totally fair tradeoff.
It was news to me too! This is why it's good to read the papers. Bring it on!
4 Ohio teams in the sweet 16, things are gonna get interesting
I just downloaded Crazy, Stupid, Love for tonight... Is it good?
It's a party! Thank you 4 following: , , @ RWJF_Coverage, , , !
Ever hear of the man with five cocks whose pants fit like a glove? My pants fit like a size 12 shoe (mens' obviously).
Wow, check out her hair. I have never seen so much volume.
very exciting! RT : You are welcome! We're busy planning - very excited about it! ;-)
Fav cocktail is whatever Jeff Ladman (San Diego's newest father of triplets) is muddling at What's your fav cocktail?
when are you going to panama?
Why does Sky/Travel Mall have the greatest stuff in it?
Great to "see" you. Let's set time to talk soon.
Y the fuk are Turtles so expensive?
How today was: F.U.N (;
"Lebron, how many 3s has the #Heat missed so far this series?" Lebron: "Not one, not two, not three, not four..."
so sleepy today
When Yo is in the lineup, I'm happy to NOT clear the pitcher
We have relationships with #restaurants, bars, clubs & hotels. What is your need?
I think its funny that used Coldplay's "Paradise" for their Daytona 500 promo haha
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow I'd kiss you
As I own Boomer's novel, all I can say is... good luck with that. ^_^
We rocked the library! Thank you
I'm so going to steal this great idea (all while giving you credit)
Why would #CBS & #WSAW show #TheBears game? An NFC North state TOTALLY wants to watch Patriots/Eagles. You suck. So does The Raider Nation.
God never promises the absence of storms. He just promises to walk with us through them.
The purpose of business is to create a profit.Fewer sales and higher profit is better than tons of sales and no profit.How is your business?
Michelle Rhee: "Reforms will continue" under Kaya Henderson. "I have the utmost of confidence in her."
I woke up crying i was thinking about you in my dream
I freaking love youu to bestfriend. (:
what exactly does your company do?
A Buffalo Wild Wings for Shauna nd Chris W's birthdays
Lefties do not desire justice, they desire the power to determine who wins and who loses. They want to impose their will on all of society.
To me, it comes the 3rd using that query:) But congrats anyway, good book indeed!
You gotta fight.... for your right.....to party
glad you like the new dining room! Thx for spreading the love!
I know pro Ironman triathletes who use coconut H20 to rehydrated. Also used in WW2 to sub for blood i v.
hates it when people tell you half a story - especially when they leave the "best" bit out!!!!!!!!
I never would've guessed that Gaylord sold galoshes next to acid free folders.
oh its love. (:
I'm in the Mountain Time Zone. It's looking badlandish and mountainy.
": Hey did u guys know statistics say walking home drunk is 8x more dangourus then driving home drunk."that's dumb and 100% false
take a nap den...
Hi Friends , and
Ugh, hope you are much better soon.
If I knew God wld answer the next prayer I prayed exactly~ how would I pray? Why should that change how I pray now if I believe He answers?
Still packing for #SHA2012 with help from the 4-year-old, an bracing for the 18 hour drive to Baltimore. Looking forward to caffeine.
Disgusted by California with #Prop8 in 2008... Disgusted by N. Carolina with #Amendment1 in 2012! Yay! Religious Intolerance & Bigotry!
Jesus loves you! It's everybody else that thinks you're a c*&t
Walking back home
I'm Djing a spot today only during the commercials of football game....not kidding
In the Studio, DO'n WERK!
WHY YES I DID DID YOU BECAUSE I DID
Great points!
ONE-LINER: To err is hunam.
Note to self: Bacardi is not your
your boy doesn't impress me. Yanks just aren't executing. Two Jap pitchers
It was great meeting you too!
Just sent some shipments to Europe. That's so mind blowing. How's everyone else's Friday? I wanna hang out!
Join Bizbuddy today! Invite your friends!!
Kenyan Martin is a baller.
A bit scared to target folks who like ruffled panties on FB.
I'm watchn everybody hates chris
used to be the USPS would try to deliver your mail no matter what, now if the zip is off by a digit, they return it.
Ohh well when you do, just tweet or text me it<AB
Hey, the bullpen did their job this inning!
only watching the , simply for the benefit of seeing perform 'Boyfriend' for the first time.
The arrivals of Mayweather & Ortiz will happen today at 1p in the lobby. Who do you want to see win?
this guy is a dumb, srly i better with my ex
Last flight of the day. I'm headed from Denver to Jacksonville to see my awesome girlfriend graduate from UF's Pharmacy program.
Looking For Good Photoshoot Places Tomorrow With (: I So Cant Wait For Summer! Random Photoshoots Whenever I Want? #HeckYes (:
I think you've hit on something there.Must be Weiner's idea of where country and ad biz was going and in fact did go.
"nick my #fridayfightagainst i-" "no"
man someone get this talapia out my face m m good
Family life is not a computer program that runs on its own; it needs continual input from everyone.
Missing on my television, end the hiatus ! Pwease.
You ROCKED . No doubt. But the next goalie you face will not give up as many soft goals.I'm not buying your team
Dislikes: being a contract carrier for work... Yet to have a smooth roundtrip & I'm not talking in terms of turbulence
no who? Just say it you brought it up so tell me .. Im so serious . Who ?
i cant wait for prom.... imma be fucked up;))
I definitely will not need to find x and y when I'm dating one of the boys one day.
Working on my plan for world domination.
You know that video "david after dentist"? I should make one called "Amy after database"
tired and slightly bored.
Sad #Jayhawks. Stay sad.
Good Morning! :D
It's disturbmazing how often the music from "Rudy" just randomly pops in my head.
Thanks for your response. It helps to know it's not just me. :) I hope they get it resolved soon!
Happy to be hosting a Milwaukee dinner club this evening! We have a great menu layed out for you all, hope you enjoy!
Q-6 What would your marriage look like if you considered your husband better than yourself?
Night night
vanilla with strawberry topping is godly.
Who is the most interesting person in America to speak on taxes & tax reform? (Besides Herman Cain, I mean.) (Serious question.)
hollow tips nigga tip a nigga like a danca
Hi Femi Shoot me an email or meet me on skype.
thanks! Should be good until sends us the Del Taco gift cards
U had this shit #Clippers Its alright! Come 2 San Anto
I would have sex with Melanie Iglesias, lesbian or not.
Hardest thing ever? Controlling your laughter at serious times
you'll be great at it. It does take a few days to get use to.
When you come from NOTHING, You appreciate the finer things more then most.
"Your genuine action explains itself & your other genuine actions. Your conformity explains nothing. The force of character is cumulative."
#Scandal was so good last night that I couldn't even tweet and watch at the same time. My eyes were glued to the tv.
Marriage is about the most expensive way for the average man to get laundry done. Burt Reynolds
I just finished a 4.14 mi run with a pace of 9'15"/mi and a time of 38:22 with Nike+ GPS.
no vote for Kopitar!
"I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me Superman."---Homer Simpson. I love the Simpsons and super heroes!
Ditto RT Surprised myself, how quickly hearing "teen girl version of Game of Thrones" had me clicking over to NetGalley.
you too honey!
Totally late...but do you guys still have tickets?
Good morning RadioWaves! Wishing you all a Happy Sunday!!! Don't forget to check out what's new with
So much to do before the family comes in for Groundhog's Day. If only Butterball sold groundhogs, there'd be an 800 # for cooking advice.
thank u! My birthday was May 1st
Is still up creating a work space for the new place. Ikea, here I come. So excited about a real creative space.
OH YEAH! DOOF BUDDY POOL TIME!
I think its time that we go are separate ways...
Great. I will be here! We will get together then!
Ha! Okay. I can be Frankenstein. :)
Hats off to BAMA, as much as it pains us to say it, they beat us up and down. #LSU fans forever though!
Can't wait to work out in my new yoga pants that make my butt look ashhhmazing
#CLIPPERS TIP OFF in 10 MINUTES!!! Game #7: Sunday vs #Grizzlies at 10:00 AM on #ABC or listen on KFWB 980 AM.
Despite my best efforts to encourage from afar… this paper just doesn't seem to be writing itself.
watchin facts...in youtube...:P :P :P
RT : Do Republicans know that Sarah Palin and Michelle Bachman are never gonna have sex with them?
Longest week of my life
Shout out to the Baylor Bears!! Great win. Way to Sic'em Bears!
Nobody gonna put you in your destiny,u've gotta take u're life by the horns and do what God called you to do.You are the manager of yourlife
Thanks for covering the joint initiative for better geo DNS lookups.
Happy #Mother's Day Weekend!! Take the time to cherish and appreciate the women in your life. <3
Just saw your kind words. Nice to meet you too. Lord Bless
My family won't answer >:/
This week's book #giveaway: WHICH SIDE ARE YOU ON? THE STORY OF A SONG from George Ella Lyon. RT some of the song lyrics with #WSAYO to win!
I need to show you something awesome! :)))
one of my favorite moments of 2011??? meeting u!!!
!!....question...how can i help you bring awareness...i want to help
I'm a relatively new programmer - should I be looking to specialize in one specific area(front end vs back-end?)
How can you inspire someone today?
well, the oldest librarian goes first of course. wait, what was the question?
I should have gotten in on the fantasy draft this year. I need another distraction
It's okay, Tony! #Breathe #destresstweet. Nothing a good cup of coffee can't cure. :)
Yeah yeah yeah
Yoga/Pilates, Bootcamp & more can earn you Phidippides gift cards. Visit Cooleaf.com & use promo code 'phidippides' at checkout to save 10%
Morning lady Happy Belated Mothers Day. I know u really enjoyed yourself this weekend.
Looking forward to eating some ethiopian food for lunch...so hungry!
Round 2 starts today.
perfect. move to AZ for 6 months and take this class with me!! haha.
2 things Jennifer. Thanks for ur follow and these scarves ARE beautiful. look forward to your shared wisdom.:)
I so did txt you !
Feeling #Blessed ! No need to say more. Good Night <3
I saw this a few days ago.. very funny!
go saints! meachem
thanks...keep up the good work
Time to hear from Judith von Seldeneck, CEO and founder of largest woman owned biz in the US, Diversified Search.
I love kissing its beautiful
or with me cause I be doing that to sometimes
This week has been amazing for orders! A portion of all sales will be donated to the AWLFC. Thank you for helping me help the animals.
Internal linking in WP is getting a lot easier.
Oh gosh, you two are making me blush! Carrie, I look forward to meeting you!
As long as God Knows is all I care.
please follow me my twitter name is ddrusa same for my youtube channel :) <3 you
we are at the KBM!! Kicking it!
Did you know that we're on #kindle?
what is some new good music?
I would only bring him in when Yanks are up 12 or more runs !!!
Lol! Amazing what happens when you don't read the fine print!
Today has been awful & to top it all off, I just found out that Nick Matthews is leaving Get Scared :(
I can like feel it because your breath is hot. Lol
a blog is the best hub for your content marketing efforts.
A gr8 way to get in a serving of greens - have 'em for b-fast! I love a Japanese b-fast...bok choy w/tamari & sesame seeds over brn rice!
Thank you RT : Thanks for making a difference. As a foster kid, I know the world of foster care appreciates you!
NYSP2I director Anahita Williamson is in Albany now! Would u like to arrange in-studio interview with her?
What happens to Andrew Bogut's section at the #Bucks games?
RT : Anyone thirsty this Thursday? Visit The Center Bar and 505 Fusion
keeps trying to type "bureaucrats" and spellcheck keeps changing it to "beercats". We've been together a long time.
Im mad my niece being a crybaby bcuz I took my phone frm her x this lil gurl jus attacked me
Its MONDAY at Screaming Tuna. Need we say more? Yes we do? Oh well in that case we've got 3, 4 & $5 rolls PLUS 1/2 off select beers & tails!
i love you too
Armand just now going in and the #SportingKC audience clapping for him. Cherished club legend.
thnx 4 RT re bliss & planned gifts - nonps miss $$billions by not asking.
Sitting in w/ Jim Sharpe and Ed Phillips on 550 KFYI
#ladygaga opening was real hot
You have no idea how happy it makes me that you've finally found your long lost brother.
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory ...
Awesomeness. No wonder Dave Scott likes to sit by you.
Observations: glad to have seen Inge go; also glad to see him get a few hits and RBI. Also I see you J. Grilli #MLB #Tigers #pirates #A's
I wonder what it is ab the flat billed hat wearer that makes me think they're the special ones that rode the short bus. Extraordinary.
Hey today @ BDW we have the BYOD buid your own dog combo for 6.25
Bring it on!!! RT : Spirit has great things in store for you.
We're only here on borrowed time<U+2764>
Alotta niggas wouldn't be balln if they took care of there kids
Thanks for the RT!
Watching Paranormal Activity 2 HOLY CRAP.
the manties are hot....
very solid live too. is a phenomenal singer
Watching my rockets fight for the playoffs
have not. Esquire, NewYorker, Vanity Fair, TNR.
Have you ever grown your own hops?
I love my daughter, she is a beauty
I ended up with Judy Moody, but audiobook of Clementine was not available new at a reasonable price
lipstick n lace sounds like its gon be real sexy good luck girl
Thanks for doing this. I just sent you an Email. Thanks, thanks!
TONIGHT ONE UP ELEVATED LOUNGE IS OFFERING A FREE BUFFET FROM 5 TO 7 O'CLOCK COME OUT EARLY & EAT BEFORE THE FREE COMEDY SHOW!
Memphis still sucks
Eureka Ca. Where people take shrooms and go wack
Met Shane Victorino last night and I'm using baseball metaphors like an outfielder chewing gum.
I love twitter games.
VURSAlimited I wanna win so bad!! Free stuff is the best <3
You're mad cause I went to a water polo game?
so fabulous to see you! excited to collaborate.
Hope the #Nuggets win i love upsets
St. Louis singing the #Blues as the #LAKings take 3-0 lead in the Western Semis.
Ran out of milk for my coffee... pistachio ice cream will have to suffice
Survey reveals growing national impact of asthma: "The information in this release is a stark reminder that asthma continues to be ma...
": Manning to Broncos...more coming on Espn" I bet he couldn't have typed that faster!
Perhaps it just isn't a good idea. It's hard to substitute the physical with the #metaphysical in a way that offers more value.
thats quite scary... :O!!
Just saw someone run by and almost did a dive into some bushes. Yup, it's that time again.
2012 has been a lot of waiting so far.
Thanks so much!
thanks for having me tonight!
Know this - I'm a Bobcat Goldthwait fan, and I always have been. Also, the second Police Academy is as good as the first one.
“: #MentionTo someone who always checks their crush's timeline everyday.”
on life , bang bang lol
I'm slow--I need to get out more :)
No is leaving !!!! Who is going to replace her?!
I want to make a Facebook account and the name will be "Nobody" so when I see stupid crap people post, I can "Like" it
#NeverShouldYouEver commit to doing something and you deliberately not do it.
gosh how could I not know that!!!
I agree. They should give some coaches more time to let their plan develop. Plans don't develop overnight and it's only fair
gl the rest of the evening, turn heeps to heeps^2
needs to change his twitter name its gayy lls
Don't forget to stop my McBee Supply at the #PrintwearDallas show today
Why pay shipping from New Jersey for your CDs? Stellar quality, LOW prices & 20 years in the CD/DVD biz. Save shipping & come pick it up.
#nowplaying- Hollow by Cooper Point. Of course! ;) so good.
hahaha screw you!
Normally I have a big lunch. Now I just have a yogurt, fruit cup, and apple. Thanks to <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Hey Sunset Loves! If getting in shape is your New Years Resolution you NEED to call my pal !!!! He's the main man in the gym :))))
What is with the mega up lighting on Leslie Visser?
Did you know that today is Lady Gaga's birthday? What do you think of her?
You got a kid....but ur #teamlesbian? You can't just switch like that!!
what u mean G u said u want that opportunity n I got it for you?
Major kudos to Chris Martin & Coldplay for their tribute last night at the Hollywood Bowl to Adam Yauch-very heartfelt!
we just gotta get the running game going again.
MIAMI HEAT 11-4 LET'S GO
“: Fabian The Scandinavian ” I need to map Scandinavia and start sending t-shirts that way
When and where I am there!
Only have 1 class with my cuzin at the end of the day, think i can deal with that.
I am getting ready for draft day. I love football and of course all the negotiation involved is interesting to an attorney.
haha okay! I may work with you Tuesday
WEEK AND A HALF FOR DOPE PARTY TO START KEEP POSTED LIVE DJ w/ PERCUSSIONIST VISUAL PROJECTIONS BY SOUR PUSSY NO COVER HAPPY HRS TILL 11pm
oliver winery soft white....well any from oliver are good but thats my fave!
kobe my nigga i hate it had to be him. Bitch you wasnt with me shootin in the gym
“: when will it be available??” Shipping in April. Sign up on swingbyte.com to know when pre-ordering begins. Thx!
Accidentally dropped my chapstick in trash can w/cap off. Son of a...
Congrats Polanco on
Learn to be comfortable with yourself first before you start giving yourself away to others.
I can't wait to get my hair done tomorrow .
Welcome to the west coast! (via ) saw pbr in bottle form today, it was a first for me
yes, but I think I can quantify this. And I need a distraction for a bit :)
: Let go of the negative & let God fill you with positive.
You don't stop being God's child when you mess up. God knows your heart and He loves you.
&quot;Quiet Storm&quot; Brand May Dissolve in Wake of KBLX Sale
Savings Tip - Buy an electronic themostat -Set your heater to lower values automatically when you're not home anyway
we thought georgetown was a good team before it was cool
RT : #GeekTrivia question: In the League of Extraordinary Gentleman movie, who was the villain Tom Sawyer shot?
im down
This Young Man is Flawless love You Leon!
I really try to limit myself to the first trailer of any movie. I did that with The Avengers and it paid off.
That. sounds. horrid.
idk she went some were why wassup
Notre Dame Tax Assistance is being at held at River Park Branch on March 6, 20, and 27 at 2:30pm for those with incomes of $40,000 or less.
the game kind of oozes hipsterism so it isn't that surprising
You are not responsible for someone's RESPONSE but are you doing the RIGHT THING?
I simply can't help myself.....LOVE, LOVE '30 Rock'. Such a brilliant show.
Cool! I've always wanted to do that. All seems well here so far. How about you?
Sorry but you know we Love u i got you on the next run
ugh I want to go home.
you girls are too much. I actually Got lost at mega walmart.
That's really great to hear! Thanks!!! ": great podcast guys! Am now downloading all that's available!!"
It's sad when the people who gave you the best memories, become a memory
You give to the world your greatest gift when you're being yourself.
More music coming shortly... Thanks for all the love and support followers!
I really really wanna go to the album signing at the Palasaides but its during the stupid quarterlies..... no :(
Hi there! I noticed you target Latam women last nite- us too. thought you would be interested in or
short big head ass midget
Friday night at the vet woo.
Dinner? Walking to Giovanni's Trattu.
Glad to hear it arrived :)
I created a Buy Now button. It defaults to Qty 1, how do I allow buyers to change qty?
I rely on the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it wrong.
Trading up for Tannehill? Agree with you, now the comments from people are just getting stupid.
Woohoo I qualify for the next round for the you now contest!! :) on Friday! Details to come!!
#20ThingILove Listening to music, and watching dance videos
21st Century fun?!
Never can have enough runs in Yankee stadium
Happy Birthday
do i remember the #cubs lighting up Greinke last yr too
"Let's Moshercise!!!!!"
As a Jets fan im sad to see you go but Good Luck in NE !
I want to kick every boy I see today because I have the worst cramps and I hate men omg.
Already loving these
I've been on it for a while, just never did anything with it until now haha.
Work early... Bright thing about that is.. I get off by noon and have the rest of the day... To be tired.. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Those hoping already have failed. Don't let them bring u down. Wave hi to the haters - in my Maino Voice!
Oh, Madison. RT : #SO to the rabbits on university and charter handing out free candy
Me too!! Have you been running? I've slacked ...
yea if you're gonna concentrate on school and not on these hoes
oh, thats right, you live down there and can get that yummy goodness. I had black&tan from Yuengling and it was awesome!
Huge garage sale at Hampton Chase, 14120 Waterville Cir. NEEDS more traffic, that's relevant, right? :)
What should it specify that it doesn't? It's not intended to be complicated.
you have to tweet the pic next time bro! Lmfao!
You are known as Gitchee Gummee for the next few hours.
#Mifflin2012 is pretty much done but Paramedics treating a guy who got punched in the face. I also just drove down Mifflin
how ironic that the mariners pitcher is wearing
Still trying to figure out the cast for the Tim Tebow musical, John Elway is Judas, Peyton is either Barabus or Punchus Pilot...
whats up everyone??
lol.. Hope u get to! :P
RT : I just can't read any more analyses of the politics of the last four years in which the filibuster isn't central.
Yes. MT Why do we have paid admin leave? Shouldn't we stop paying public employees under suspicion of gross misconduct?
askin them all them questions. Haha
I remember that movie.
#vvbf Jane Smiley reads the poker scene from Private Life in honor of being in Las Vegas tonight at the Vegas Valley Book Festival.
If you know a Restaurant or Bar owner let the Dudes know we have some cool stuff we can show them!
- Welcome! Thanks for following! My son loves graphic design! Robin Lynch Aerialist
I'm tickled that the places my penis go are going to be a deciding factor in the 2012 US presidential election. No, really. Thanks, 'Merica.
There are many things that i would like tosay to you but i dont know how
I'd take USOC. It's a 5-game season.
My closet is so not ready for summer.
Don't advocate murdering women? Excellent. Now go tell Facebook to ban groups devoted to hate crimes. Report link on the bottom left....
ESPN NFL - Patriots to sign RB Joseph Addai (played 6 seasons with Colts, rushed for 433 yds in 2011) - Reports
I'm champion at beer pong
Kid: Is that your mom? Me: No, it's my sister. Kid: Well tell her that I'm going to steal you. hahaha! xD oh gosh! Boys nowadays! Lol!
He was dying to get interviewed by News 12! LOL All ready!
Watching my favorite show on #NewYorkUndercover I miss seeing on it
Outsourcing The Competitive Advantage - Levering resources to provide a business platform that delivers results!
marley and me! I want your eyeballs out... Lol jk
#quote "The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire." —Field Marshal Ferdinand Foch
I'd like a code for star drone
#ATSU Blackboard is back up.
Yay! I need a work out buddy!
first impression of new kindles: almost entirely women on the publicity movies and images -- shifting digital audience anyone?
Oh, #spock, why does simple logic elude so many of my species?
I need some curtains and a black, white & red painting for my room
RT : I love how inflicts pain on his bosses, no matter how right, centrist, or left they are.
twenty days before mine
I'm climbing out this abyss
i was sad, i cried. lol
Eric Church. What a dick! America loves you Blake! For everything you do! :)
Now if I were posting the exact same message on Facebook and Twitter, then slap me around and call me Susan! :P
My 1000 tweet at had to be at 4:20 pm
Ppl thing the playoffs r like a reg season game. Totally different it's we're u separate the men from boys.
Gotta get my mind off of things.. Number game? Send me numbers(:
Just got an AWESOME gig tonight for a Christmas Party in December for about 7,500 people!!! So pumped!! :)
Hmm...Maybe "Stand Your Gay Ground" could gain traction?
Hahaha that guys getting a massage in the mall ahaha
how long did it take for twitter to un-suspend your account?
gotta work those muskles somehow i guess.
how have you been?
Walking down broadway alone...pocket knife in hand
I can't sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
I just saw a kid that looked like he bout 40 LOL asking me to buy a Black for him smh
Great tune! Psyched! MT : We are proud to announce that the first round of "OWS" Remixes will come out next Tuesday 3/27
.lets work
What the hell? My mentions are like not alive.
I never forget a face...I was in Antigua that week and missed out on the festivities:( we must meet ASAP! X
If you would like an interview with me! You should contact my management team or one of my publicists!!<3 you all rock!!
Apparently my style of clothing is Slutty & terrible. Lol I'm not trying to please you, I'm trying to please my self. Kthnxbye.
Very disappointed in my Yankees today.
tweet me!:)
im hungry an sober O_o smh bad combo
Listened to dc Talk's first album enrote to work...it's still great!
wow, quick RT : RT : Roger Goodell, on CNBC, says decisions on Saints appeals likely by end of the week.
Inhale The La... Exhale, I'm High
RT Your buddy Uly is doing geometry now. E.g., he can arrange stools and chairs at perfect angles so he can reach sharp knives.
Could of should of gone to sonics
Kudos to all those who had a hand in organizing today's CLD. GREAT way to begin the conference.
Woke up this morning...hoping last nite was just a bad dream...GOD BLESS AND HEAL MO!
Thx for following. I looked up Chiari Malformation; my first knowledge of this condition.
thanks dude
thank you Lynette ~ wish i was there to celebrate with you and the E Street Nation !! have a blast tonight and tomorrow!
Spoiler alert, KG with a double screen for ray allen. #allday lets see
New blogs going live soon, so promises my web designer...patience!
Restore to me the joy of Ur salvation & make me willing to obey. Then I'll teach Ur ways to rebels & they will return to U. (Psalm 51:12-13)
Kudos to among growing # of advertisers casting Asians in ads where they get to speak regular unaccented English.
Thank you! Have a great Mother's Day! :-)
"Let's settle this with a dance off" is now in rotation on Fearless radio. Swing by and request your boys. we'd love you forever :)
#uword first time to hear Josh preach awesome! Tells such a great story
just so! I realized I'd be better prepared to chitchat if I had a more frequent look at yr blog
One week until our next event: March 23 mixer at the Viaduct Lounge.
Mother son bonding > RT I'm at work while Jon and my mom have QT. -___-
Feeling sorry for myself because hubby told me I can't go to #BookExpo & #BEABloggers for a 3rd year in a row whilst without a job.
$199 is a splurge? Jamboxes Rock full stop. :)
why did I think I could move all the boxes myself? deja vu...
Woke up laughing. Clear mind; clear heart; pure JOY!
Maple Wheat release party at the brewpub this Thursday at 6 PM! 10% off your dinner if you participate in the free tasting!
yeah what we doin!
They scared of death they scared to look they shook couse aint no such things as halfway crooks
HALLOWEEN: the one day of the year (besides my birthday) where I can have all the sugar I want.
How do you go about doing this? Me thinks there are future freedoms to be assisted with the concept.
lol pretty much
are you ready for #IfAllOfRochester? We'll be there from noon to 1:30 with author
I find it funny Sandra Lee's autobiography is called Made From Scratch when she actually cooks nothing from scratch
First in war, first in peace and first in the NL east. Nats.
I'm going to kill this phone with my knife haha
Things turn out best for the people who make the best out of the way things turn out. ~ Art Linkletter
I was seriously just about to tweet about how much I love etsy and then I saw what you wrote and it made me laugh. :-)
House for reading of The Chick Files is filling up! Who doesnt love free art?
You're daughters look beautiful in that picture. I hope they have fun at the premiere. :)
Early birthday dinner with the fam at #PFChangs :)
haha is it?
Just saw an all-female mariachi band cover "The Yellow Rose of Texas"
what else? Hot date?
Lyon: Suggests that this event was public deliberation "even though we're not used to thinking of it that way." (Umm...I think I was?)
#ifwomendidnotexist a lot of these rappers wouldnt have shit to talk about
I was exhausted until I laid down to go to sleep
my regular time I go is 2am . It was too packed in there now
yeen talking money then you got a speech impediment !
RT IF U ARE A PROUD DIRECTIONER
your tweet about was funny. The sports teams you like, ehhh, not soo funny lol
Heat vs Thunder. Heat winning it all. (absent injuries of course)
I was thinking of becoming a vegetarian. There's no meat in beer right?
Yay to and team for their advocacy of cage-free data...
I dont really do a lot of complaining. Just teasing. Today was a good show.
How are you?:)
OUR PLEASURE TO SUPPORT YOUR BUSINESS. WE ARE COMMITED TO IMPROVE BUSINESS RELATIONSHIPS.
What you put up with, you end up with. You can only expect what you accept.
Glam night with Web 2.0 Summit Premiere Dinner at Foreign Cinema #SF. Creme de la creme of the Internet Economy
he's not gonna listen to you lmao it's a robot
Shout out to my new Chi-town faves! & our family at ! Can't be beat!
getting ready to hop a COTA and meet a friend for lunch
Can't imagine what it would be like to be a fan on a consistently good team. Ugh
well he better do it soon!(:
ik. I just dont see the point...
she's a good one :)
We received our copies of Erica Villnave's new book SOPHIE'S LOVELY LOCKS from today - so cute!!
I ate at 4 different houses yesterday I'm so freaking hungry I'm scared to eat smh this shit is cray
Thats just Nasty
seeing u on here in Mn brings up some nostalgia. U look more fab than ever! Xo! ; )
dat was a complete sentence I'm proud of u....LOL
“: I want to be your favorite hello and your hardest goodbye.”
sounds like Trouble Trouble! Chi Town! lol
Here is all the resources you will need: www.bluebookbuy.com
You Cant Get Your Heart Broken When You're Single .
it's a #harrypotter kind of evening...
"Seriously man, you keep surprising them with delightful stuff and they will give it back in spades ... women are like cats." William H Macy
Suicide kills more people than homicide in the US.
The truth is, I kind of want to break up.
I somehow almost managed to lock myself in Rumba's bathroom. It was pretty scary.
Man is a genius when he is dreaming.
Blessed Tuesday! Share those gorgeous smiles today, please. It will lift everyone - even you! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+270C><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BB>
please follow me jeydon it would make my day!:)
Everybody do everybody a favor: invite someone to that doesn't normally come out to events in Atlanta. Do it!
The Trent Digiuro case still pisses me off.
Fuck yeah I had the crab pad thai.
West won.!
Whatever is left in the store currently is what we have left for this collection... Sincere apologies!
Every time they talk about shipping and say "large packages" or "handle my package," I can't help but giggle.
Got to love Central Park - Piper now has famous puppy friends!
aww tell them that they have the best friend in the whole world and that shes an amazing idol and inspiration. <3
the doctor is playing games he won't tell me anything til my parents come to the hospital
Some places have policies about how many top shirt buttons can be undone. TIL passengers need a "from the bottom: 0" rule
I thought i was gone go to sleep but ima be workin on the PromoTape
phillip Rivers
happy meryl streep on day, women in my life!
I sleep better during the day than at night
I'm soo happy! :) hows your night? :)
Lucas is balling like Joe Jackson is his daddy!!!
Thank you 4 following us! If there was ONE tweet I could tweet about you or yr business, what would it be? Please DM me
yea, for now
Why thanks! Tell me about the contraband.
Love the transit system in the DMV!!
Black Coffee's "Superman" is the workout song that gets it DONE. A lil' piano for smooove muscles.... I am feeling the burning. :-)
Hall: radical young activists becoming establishment figures throughout LCRM - keep an eye on these complications
i want mashed potatoes :(
would tht be andrew related drama? i thinks it is!
Perseverance prevails
takes one to know one. The feeling is mutual my friend.
Job cuts expected to hit Ottawa hardest - Ottawa Citizen
Told my uncle I wanted a quote tattoo on my back and he thought I said Boat -___- lol what the heck.
Things to remember: The mirror is not a window. Leadership is not a caste. Activity is not action. Increments matter. Virtues can be vices.
Friday: Closing session at 11:30 in orange & lemon room w/ Kee Malesky, member of the NPR library team. Lunch, ticketed event.
thanks for the RT
What's the #app you can't live without?
Plan is to move in August sometime... you there? We'll have to catch up!
How does Chef Creole runout of griot? I'm very disappointed
We are almost at our 200th follower and T-shirt winner! RT to your followers so that it can be one of them!
Another great night and another great song almost done at Joyride Studios in Chicago w/ Katie Scrantom & Brian Leach. Excited for this one.
thanks for following :o
I do say so & what I say goes! ;P I'm doing ok, thanks Bo & you? Sadly I must go curl up in bed now - work comes early tomorrow. 5am.
#AskTVDr: Talk w/ a mom that fed a healthy dinner w/ spinach salad: 2 & 4 yr old girls get sick but looks like reg.childhood illness.
I ain't perfect but i work hard so i deserve it.
"A gd education tends 2 B the most reliable escalator out of poverty [but] disadvantaged kids oftn dnt get a chance 2 board that escalator."
hey, I'm your newest follower, yeah I thought you could use another follower :)
DM me what you want.
i wish
It's about to rain I just want a hot meal n my man
Done with class now time to hit the gym I'm goin HAM
I say I don't like abortions so I don't have one. You say you are "pro choice" so everyone should agree &pay for it
Apache Closes Cordillera Energy Partners I LLC Purchase - Quick Facts
Happy Sunday! Since the weekend is quickly coming to a close, what are you doing to relax today?
you visited me today at work! Lol.
don't disrespect mr. Crooks . How dare you spell his name wrong
no idea, but I'm interested in hearing what you decide. Thinking about doing it, too!
Laying in bed, watches the Yankees Game, eating cake=the perfect night(expect for being sick) ~*FaRmEr'S DaUgHtEr <3*~
Last day working for starbucks.. Yes...
The tan may have taken a turn for burn today. Perhaps my shoulders will opt for some SPF during tomorrow's five hour sun rally.
Home sick with strep throat today. Just discovered Young Frankenstein on TV! Saved! Hurrah! My Pop loved this movie! Mel Brooks is amazing!
7 days until summer vacation begins. 10:30 AM it begins!!!
Lots of new interesting Blogs on TopSistaBlogs.gotop100.com Check them out! If you have a business add it to TopSistaSites.gotop100.com
Sorry to hear that. Would really like to hear your feedback if you could take the time. Email me?
Halloween is almost here What will you be this year..Will you be a vampire, beer girls, betty boo zombies or just you let me know
enjoying the beautiful day??
Tonight! at The Bowery Electric in NYC! Free vinyl package w/ entry. 7:30pm doors. Hop to...
in that case, we'll talk into it. :-)
well deserved.
««Now I move with aggression, use my mind as a weapon
#REDalbum is fire.... is the best in the business
Telegraph operator: DitCurator.
Helluva book tour, #Newt--helluva book tour!
Guess what I'm going right now?
LOSER :D
Dear Ladies #FACT You can lose up to 20 Lbs using this one odd trick WITHOUT diet or exercise
"I would love to go to home depot right now.".
RIP Adam Yauch, No Sleep Till Brooklyn.
aw I'm so sorry, babe. </3 xx
Thanks :D You is Boylieber( Justin bieber)?????/
.RT : French teachers & members: Don't miss our article about the DVLF in the January issue of the AATF National Bulletin!
If gays want to join the military and fight for this country, by all means let them. Current policy makes no sense in this day and age.
lol no im ten
a follow back would be great nanduche !
So much to catch up on the first day back after a conference!
Kevin Hart is too funny. Watching him on comedy central right now.
Got my journalism and electronic media major acceptance letter <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you got it right though! Good job, despite my moment haha
Nothing like on a sunday morning on my way to church
oh yeah I forgot they are celebrating him today...I didn't think they would make everyone his number because I it!
Old age brings pleasant memories, sometimes of things that really happened. - Don Kirkman
#FridayChallenge difficulty level: 1 Talk to a female as patronizingly as possible. Tweet me your experience Now GO
Needs a sugar daddy afterall...
Thanks for following Eye Tech Training! It's always good to connect with others in the eyeball biz!
seattle , 'cause i like it and it's more quiet :)
ok if you need anything else just askk! And yess I'm so excitedd(:
Stab me
great night man!!
I pluck the black roses prematurely sent by enemies to their overly-optimistic dating of my demise and funeral.
for the same reasons it wasn't this year. Too much to explain in 140 characters. Come to a PCBA meeting sometime.
I know! Its tough to find league info around here
“: "I'm giving up wine for lent - but only in Texas" - ” She told me this last night. I give it 24 hours.
please follow me or RT me plz
winner winner chicken dinner. ;)
Don't sweat the negative and embrace all of the positive.
Berman and jackson are the worst. #espn you need to send them out to pasture
nope they are here rockin with us tonight!
Hey is your patio puppy friendly for behaved doggies?
For a florist, you should call Exotic Plants
Happy Mothers Day !!!! I love you!!! Thank you for Everything!!!!!
If UGA beats Kentucky tonight, I will buy every one of my followers a beer if they remind me next time they see me out.
I agree RT. Act like a lady .. Think like a man. Incredible! Movie is Gr8!! Funny!! Everybody did their thing!
this is what I've been waiting for. My whole GABF trip ends with a visit to
Chapter 2: break-ups
Final 18, avg chips, goodish seat, time to own
ahh. it's YOUR fault! i vote for you to cut the caffeine! ;)
#anchorman sequel would be one more stroke of burgundy genius!
what's up my friend?
JB is lovely and wonderful, and you haters are anonymous cowards who take pleasure in hurting people you don’t even know. you make me sick.
Off to DC United game, hopefully it won't rain to much
Big admirer- Thank you for helping expose moral delinquency, and making DISGUST for it the COOL thing to do! Much <3 !!
Thanks . We're excited about where it goes as well. So far the response has been amazing. Heady days here at the studio.
And now he's coming back in.
Interims in Charleston today, tomorrow and Wednesday.
Figured out what happened on the first lap in Goodland... Tire went down.
I love to SMILE.
Google limiting Twitter options on purpose. Only option from Google app is share to Safari and then Tweeting from there.
Wth its to early to be up :/
hahah<3 its okay if they do ill just play along
Don't forget,you can listen to my conversation w/ on www.kfmg99.1.org
soon not sure yet, but u know ill let.ya know the second I find out :) gonna need everyones help spredin the word about it!
shoutouut to for playing her butt off in tournaments. (:
Apparently we still have his tail...
what time/times were the spots aired today?
Again I got in the shape I was in the picture with cardio and loss very little muscle mass while on low carb.
Who knew an EIGHT & UNDER game could be so intense
Thanks! And definitely -- we may be out in CA next month
Meeting with a Networking partner @ Andre's Uptown
Naturally, price will play a part in your printer decision making processes
Thanks Chris. Appreciate the good word. Cheers mate.
Today's added plates: Meat and Potatoes Omelette / Alabamy Sammy- Buttermilk Biscuit with Crispy Chicken, Sausage Gravy, Fried Egg
Looking forward to a fancy dinner my wife Jana Williams Photography is making for us tonight!
that's good! We had some one make an illegal left turn by our place and hit and run. :(
Come see ya boy tonight at urban heat night club in Mesa Sycamore and main!
just saw season one of teen wolf, you were great!!
The topic will cover how organizations can utilize SMS and Near Field Communications (NFC) in their mobile marketing efforts.
Listening to the 12 days of the Browns on awesome!
BummerRT : Knicks Point Guard Jeremy Lin To Miss 6 Weeks After Surgery For Meniscus Tear
trying to understand how twitter works...
I consent
My credit card company called me asking to let them LOWER my interest rates. Why yes , You will hear no objections from me!
Will hike 'n photograph at Catoctin Mountain Park tomorrow morn in MD. I look forward to capturing the changing leaves, a post should follow
Please don't give advice unless you take your own first.
: what's up brah
LeBron still missed the two free throws that would have put them up 1
Parked at cvs waiting for my mom and two scary Mexicans with missing teeth parked next to me and keep smiling and I'm scared shitless.
he already had me learn 5 cuaa sets.
Kelly Osbourne's hair matches Sarah Hyland's dress. Grow up, Kelly.
Well come over my house than. :)
when I was 12 my friend and I prank called these girls blastn' "Bring Tha Noise" the PE & Anthrax track. They loved it
"you should call me sometime" "okay" *not gunna do it i know shocker*
wth u doin #LosingFocus?????? Im good...unless u wanna feed uh brother...lol
“: If any of my old teams invite me for an old timers game I will play. Anything for a look”Give it a rest bro it aint happening
Ha ! Lol you sleep long !!
this bitch over here lickin niggas backs and shit!
I hate takin the bus
Same ol' weave , just a different glue. Mama need a perm, baby needs one too. Times is getting hard, tracks is getting loose ha
huh. I haven't listened close enough to notice, I'll check it out!
Softness can't bear the weight of ornaments
Looking forward to learning more about #Houdini tonight at 6 with Thanks to for spreading the word.
lol at girls these days, thinking that snitching is going to solve their problems.
Tuesday RT S/O to incredible talent:
&&although she still wants him, I have him, &&he wants me..(:
is learning the rules of the road from touring veterans in Everest. Great group of guys, kick ass music, and this beautiful country = drea…
headed to #Chicago and have a free day on Friday. Anything to do/see? How about a salon for a good haircut?
Radio stats for the trip to spokane. Most played artist: K. Perry; Most played song: Don Henley - Boys of summer, which was surprising.
hungover. I'm just going to watch it @ my place. What's your plan? Come over!
: RT : I pray that a loving home comes to those two twin foster puppies now.
English friends: will you be around mid-July? I am probably speaking in Ireland again and might stop in London along the way...
I'm very skeptical of the Marlins' new spending power, since their 2011 payroll was such a paltry 57 million.
Life's too short to be a downer!
Many thanks to #BrickOvenPizza in #FellsPoint for supplying some amazing pies for our play date!
seriously people. can we please get on a chat site and talk? PLEASE
Hot Sunny Day :) -A
post that video dj!!!!!
Amy X dinner/concert just added to the schedule for Saturday, August 20
All human beings are also dream beings. Dreaming ties all mankind together. -Jack Kerouac
Could never get enough of him. <3
So my bro got me mw3 then stole ops from me lol smh
its nothing like that were just friends its how I talk
Replaced Mail in my iPhone dock with . We'll see how this goes. I rarely use push anyway.
just got back from your show! You kicked some ass tonight! I must say I loved you REM dance.
Looks like that'll be pretty efficient!
Hey, do you know ? Met him tonight, he mentioned Collekt, a web at a winery in Temecula.
I'm not single & I'm not taken. I'm simply on reserve for the one who deserves my heart because they say good things take time
Awh, thank you. :]
You looked better in my dreams.
indeed. Even more then before to be honest.,
You're the best :)
I don't know what notes are but margaritas and pizza help me study for finals pretty well.
It was a retrospective ruining. Also: hi! Welcome to Twitter.
UH, they are so good.
"As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live." Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
thanks! It's gonna be a late night!
I got away with a Valentine's day card with puppies AND a fart joke. I rule!
Hi Guys
Spring Break!! #Swag #HecksYeah #Finally!
Lucille Ball moment. Lugged laptop, briefcase, lunch sack, & hot chai into office at once. Spilled mug o' chai. At Dunn Bros now.
Ah gotcha. Thanks.
Well, it's official...A.E. Pearson Photography is now 100% FILM! Just sold off the last of my digital equipment today. Woo Hoo!
yeah lol that's why i always say that but it's okay
I know there are supposedly happy people in this world. I never believed it, but I take it for granted. God knows, they're all on television
The beginning of a new year and its brick outside in the NYC!
makes me wonder why I ever left Istanbul.
looking forward to a morning (of reading) with bell hooks
What are you doing to reduce your carbon footprint? Join + in celebrating Earth Day! Pls. RT
Kobe has more heart than basketball player on this earth. Period
my mom's embarrassing me again....sigh. NEVER dance in public mom..
Sounding more and more like my good friend, Kermit the Frog by the minute.
Good times today with capture the flag and a variety of arts at #LyndenSculptureGarden! Get outside and play!
Here we go Huskies! Here we go!
Connect with other women healing themselves and powering up everyday by joining our group on Facebook LET THE WOMB BE HEARD!
what's the number to the station?
yeah! Lol!! It's about to be funny
Dicks and butts will make no babies
I saw. Looks like I'll be working double hard for the last exam...in only two weeks. Yay!
#CHICAGO!! RT : Shawn Marion's basketball camp is coming to Chicago very soon! #Follow 4 details
My cab drivers pet bird was in the cab with me tonight.
: Thanks! The cookies were happy to catch some rays yesterday...
Meek Milly Racked up Racked OUT!
Three units: "Chaucer the Victim," "Chaucer the Murderer," "Chaucer the Zombie."
when Scottish people say your name >>>>>>>
finally a convincing win from the thunder, been waiting 2 games lol
When my mom asks me 10000 questions ! >.< OMG
I'll bet that's what everyone thinks when they work out next to you.
The restaurant of live, and I've chosen the tasting menu.
the stories bring family history to life - thanks for this!
#cheap flowers Lowest prices this week on chrysanthemums, lilies and carnations in yellow and orange.
be faithful to be happy! good people always win! that's the rule!
Principal, Donovan Davis, is quoted in Design Builder Magazine; 10 Homebuilding Trends You Won't See in 2011
It's CHEESEBAR WEDNESDAY at our Little Italy location! From 5-8pm to enjoy an array of artisinal cheeses, spread, fruits, nuts, the works!
she is so bi-polar!!! And those eyebrows...
I'm sorry everyone, my twitter has been haccked, please dont click the liink in your DM box!
At least my English teacher offered to write me a letter of recommendation
Happy Friday!
Got told last night that I should start caring a little more....
The Super Moon is exact at 8.35 PST tonight Saturday. Not Friday as many have mistakenly noted.
haha me either. What english, math, and science, and electives are you taking?
Had a perfect assist to for a goal!! and I had some good blocks. Great game unbagged balls! We won 5-1 with 2 subs. Woohoo!
Money is much more exciting than anything it buys
This listen in for the A4V team is hilarious haha how did they make it this far? Bickering,fightning. This is entertainment.
#ItsAllFunAndGamesTil I do wat u do
miss u a bunch
I hear you are going to Brewers tonight? I'll be there.
If you've got some more #SXSW interviews that need transcribing, you know where to turn!
Wow! Finally calling out for what he is. ; ) : There are a LOT of douchey Cubs fans sitting by me. #notsurprised”
nytnyt and sweet dreams miley~ love you so much my dear friend~ hope you had a great day <3
Yay!! I finally got my invite for little monsters! Been waiting months!
Unless it's true. What if it's true?!?! I need to click.
Help a guy out and give him a follow. David I need 8 more followers to reach 100.. I need your help! RT
Poised Creation has gone through the ups and downs! Thanks for being there!
Getting mixes of our new stuff today! We so xcited! It will be coming your way soon
It's our very first Tweet. It should have been more memorable, right?
I must say Michelle Obama completely won me over on #biggestloser tonight.
Have fun in another country!
Off to my sisters dance recital. Always fun to see my punk rock sister turn into a beautiful Ballerina.
ah yes I did! It's was a great day he RT/Tweeted me web I wished him a happy bday! =D
RT : I never NEVER had a valentine! :c
Wow, followed up by glory road.
i dont think we have i would love too tho .
21 Jumpstreet funniest movie i've ever seen, Wrath of the Titans was tight and so was John Carter
Looking for set piece, rare prop or costume? Need a designer or stage manager? Message me & we'll make it happen!
eating a burger wit peanut butter and jelly on it, drinking Seamus. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Seriously, why do so many conferences happen in May? (CTIA, Streaming Media East, Cable Show...) Couldn't we get one in February? Or July?
This #PTFC # #Crew96 game is brutal
Tx u so much, have a great weekend!
One great idea for #kitchenlighting is under cabinet lighting. It illuminates the counter tops and gives the area an intimate feel!
It's not normal that I'm uber nervous for New Directions. Gone get it, club.
making rock @ chicago sound lab tonight
This is a lucky time in so many ways.
Thank you! Now begins the long road of the diss...
Come see me Sunday, 9/25 from 12-2:30pm @ 3928 Penny Royal Drive, Ft. Worth. See you there! See more at www.andreabell.com
Don't forget to share your favorites!
Can't wait to be back in my favorite state...
is there a single person in North America who won't be watching Game 7?
Have a very merry Domo Christmas!!!!
Let's make it happen.
Act Of Valor! Lets run it
Your avi-> (always)
the Dream of life is living to what we have passion in & when we are told to put our passions on hold until we make a living or take care...
Severe lack of dancing amid this great mix!!
Http://audioelementalradio.com listen to the automatik shuffle live right now!
shid im makin plans hopefully soon gotta get my racks up cause i plan to trun up for more than a week
Hahaha seeing girls who wear heels and can't walk in them makes me wanna trip them. OH!
Great games today. Now onto the nights. $1 three olive cocktails for ladies from 9-12. Sunday is FUNday.
My first tweet never went through. We bought 4000 live crickets to go in our next Re-thinking Soup, to talk about ecological sustainability
Cher's first solo recording was Ringo, I Love You. She released it under the pseudonym of Bonnie Jo Mason.
Directv does have the Redzone Channel.
I ain't bouta put that shir on twitter till its finalized lol tryna set me up lol
- but try not to judge me, cause we've walked down different paths.
#nyy #yankees Mark's BABIP(B.A. on ball put in play) is among the lowest in entire MLB.This is entirely due to the SHIFT (started by Maddon)
The part that most of' love 'was ''call me maybe'' when selena and justin are going to kiss and separates ashley
Lovely piece! Yes, having hobbies/following non-work passion is important. The movie "Rock On" exemplifies the need beautifully.
I see al these randm ppl askin 4 2 follow thm an im 1 of thm I mean I try Everything an it seems it wil never b gud enough ;(
woot! the Rock's gonna be rockin tonight!
yeah I made it 1 or 2 months ago I just never came on
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile
Happy Friday everyone! CEREAL LOVERS - HANDS UP!! Take time this weekend to measure out how many cups of cereal you eat - then see from the…
Lunch and riding bikes on Newport Beach with the kids. Could not be a more beautiful day!
My son Bob loves it.
<U+200E>"Ladies first" is just a nice way of saying "Let me look at your butt while you walk in front of me"
Who the fuck sniffs glue anymore? I think people realized how fucked up they got.
Awesome opening last night at Caseworks gallery, great people, art studio party, 80's dancing! I love
the surest sign of maturity in any American, is concrn about d interests of others rather than our own ..
indeed. like your profile pic - very nice…
RT : Getting excited about Florida with are u gonna be there this year??!!? You KNOW it!
happy birthday!
hope you're doing good Bridger. You still in LA?
book sounds interesting, i'm new 2this dif world.How does 1 start a blog? Is it challenging?Pros&Cons?Found u by #autism tag.
Burning the later-than-midnight oil with some classic jams, I see. :)
you must sleep wild as hell
GOD always has something for you, a key for every problem, a light for every shadow, a relief for every sorrow & a plan for every tomorrow.
“: what is the most humane way to assassinate squirrels who use my flower garden as food storage?” don't!
Hope your Friday commute home doesn't involve 15 minutes watching people not adapt w/middle lane stopped. :( UnHappy 1/4 Hour
thanks! thought of you - one of those great new colleagues co-founded the museum education program at GW!
Get it!! Jealous that I'm in statistics right now!
hahahhahahaha. Omg. I was just kidding! I've been applying everywhere!
I am working on that right now...will let you know
Need another A-Bomb from ARod.
in need of sushi rite now
I miss my sweetheart <U+E403> .....Cant wait til he comes back tho <U+E056>
UNI is where I went to school! Unbelievable!!
About to start Service Layers presentation at
Ur a dick..and thanks for calling me back on Friday.
RT : I'm getting calls from all over town that THE KENTUCKY DERBY by is selling like crazy. Always good to hear!
u a stranger...we gotta comunicate more....you was my bestest homie
Nerd joke alert! RT : RT : RT : Facebook investors: could I suggest you look into tulips?
We'll look into it. Don't know if the NCAA will allow us to print that logo though :)
Remember the good ol' days when people robbed banks... not the other way around?
would love to make a project out of popular exhibition and entertainment in Boston but i have no idea what would be an original angle on it.
You wanna taste it ? When he said that i herd wanna taste me ? Lmfao ! I love justin <3
ugh. i seriously can not get it together. i am so lazzzyyyy....help.
It's good, you?
FUCK YOU MONDAY!
Have a great weekend! Enjoy the first official weekend of fall! Bring on the pumpkin lattes, the leaves changing colors and the fresh air!
RT : On top of the August 15th and 16th shows, may have one on the 23rd in NYC. Stay tuned.
God grant me the Serenity to accept the things I cannot change, The Courage to change the things I can,& the Wisdom to know the Difference
#twittertools TwitterMass: TwitterMass is a hyper networking toolset for Twitter on steroids. Site suite of tools aim to help relieve some o
be sure to tell congrats on the opening and we'll see them soon!
Always be a first rate version of yourself... instead of a second rate version of how somebody else has made you feel.
other songs heard em say-Kanye (from the chi, like tim, its a hardaway),Glory-Kanye (D wade & gnarls barkley meet charles barkley
“: I think I'd be doing a lot better when I'm in the IT world than in nursing.” True. You're a freaking genius when it comes to gizmos
<U+200E>15th annual BUGS Farmers Market tmrw 10-1 at 802 S. Caroline St. in Fells Point- don't miss this 100% student-run, urban farmers market!
Up with insomnia so I decided to but on some Verdi and work. So delirious, it's kind of a party.
Would you give me a follow? Thanks. Much love. Dr. Spanish
how about I send you a large crate and you pack all you & kit and up and ship yourself here.
at least you didn't have to pay for it ;-)
Oh these fkers... That wasnt even the preview of the video.
Lamarcus having pancakes at 3:30am? Guess it is the all-star break. RT : Hot cake house off Rs Island bridge!
So, didn't release the video or tell us their big news yesterday....
The only sports discussion that should happen at work is about how much <MN sports team> sucks and how <WI sports team> is great.
t-minus 2 days until #CraftyBastards!! SO excited!! Come visit me at the Etsy booth from 3-5pm!! :)
Is this the real Anthony Sims from ole miss?
I hate moving.
I hope you take the road less traveled.
You will do fine! Vale! Pax!
RT : A clear conscience is a soft pillow~German Proverb
gonna be live tweeting today's events. Join in
what's with the wave crackdown at the ballpark? Does Holland have vertigo?
June 14th..."Suits" premiere.
I'm in such a cute mood hehe idk why
Six months since the announcement of and not a single confirmed act.
EVENTS CALENDAR for Week starting APRIL 27 - New Haven Register
Eric is coming today!!!
I've been a Canton resident for about 5 hours & I'm already so happy with our decision.
SC native reaches superstar status in country music
so my mouth dropped as I read these tweets! I didn't corrupt anyone! I'm pretty sure u live ur own life heffas
O, I want to see it!
Private party at the owner of pamplemouse grill top reatarant in sd..yeah that's how we roll baby
Don't worry our girls don't ware glitter! You're wife will never know!
With apologies to my Texas friends, GO CARDS!
I do
there are a lot of painpoints in this q and a
I hate #oomf so much.
Beautiful Day in Scottsdale, Arizona today... A sunny 88 degree's. Perfect weather to play a round or two...
Not good: RT : Struck by near complete absence of EPUB3 noise from #LBF12 #digiconf12 (assuming Twitter is omniscient of course).
I'm making me some Talapia for dinner tonight! I haven't made fish in a while
Bravo on your wise decision. A greater destiny awaits!!
I didnt know if you guys were doing the pathfinder day or anything.
Wow. Okay. Totally want to be a Cirque du Soleil dancer when I grow up.
Finally watching Obama's jobs speech--I love how Boehner looks so annoyed whenever Obama gives a speech.
If you're keeping your laptop open, try closing it. I had that problem with my cinema display at home.
STEM is not just science or technology or math or engineering. STEM is a truly integrated approach to these studies.
bishop luers bishop dwenger and Jefferson got them yesterday
- it would be wrong to want to watch new episodes of jenny jones.
Just her whole style in that particular role though.
yeah, me too.
My journey to the 'dark side' is near complete. Records Management beckons me.
We're welcoming students to a sweet spring semester with free cupcakes, Feb. 7, 3-4pm. Stop by tomorrow!
well im off to go outside alone for the millionth time hahaha i thought friends were supposed to involve you
Boiler Up! RT listen to me rt now of with my guy as we talk #nfl and #superbowl stuff!!!
Im so slow!
what's the drank situation lookin like? Whatchall brangin?
A polar bears skin is black. Its fur is actually clear, but like snow it appears white.
holy shit! tell mom to stock up on some shalimar! now, now, now!
": Janet just said "how do like someones stat on twitter?" Lmfao omg!!" LOL well shit I didn't knw
You're the best.!
Over to Lincoln Hall at PSU for a preview of the Portland Gay Men's Chorus concert before they head to NYC for 9/11.
k thanks
How successful is a tree going to be without its roots? Focus on ur strengths not just ur weaknesses
u got snow in jersey lol Colorado is in the 80s
Pizza Shuttle get's more than wild sometimes. What's your craziest experience?
#RITZ2 this Friday || FREE FOR ALL!! | Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !! | $10 Pitchers | $5 Wings | #tonefide x6
yea encore is playing now and tomorrow on HBOGO
Mm, I like arctic char a lot. Healthy like salmon, mild like white fish. Also, using purple carrots in one-pot rice dish = purple rice. WIN.
With each song, we're compelled to become better story tellers. And the story is always about
dm's..please reply. Seriously. :o
i gotta unfollow somebody to follow u
Roll Tide baby! Today is the day that champions are made!
will b tomorrow for lunch serving the best chicken n dumplins as featured on WKRN last night!!!Come on by
go ask he knows the gossip xo
RT : came from giving away a bike to a hardworking 5th grader. Praise God for the work in which I am privileged to participate.
Awesome show
I don't know why, but I absolutely love reading/seeing/following the coverage of plowing park roads and !
I know. Amazing.
Having yet another blissful experience with Steve Reich's 18 Musicians.
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYBREEZY thanks for all babe
Spring Shopping #Eggstravaganza Giveaways and mall gift cards up to $50! See Guest Services for details
lol, i thought that lady hair was red
Caveat Emptor => Let the buyer beware
Wow...that was close!! I thought that was gonna be it...hes one tough guy!!
A person should gamble every day, because think of how bad it would be to walk around being lucky and not know it. -- Robert Turner
bluebeam will be the biggest deception of all time. bible says that God will have to block the elect from being deceived.
Wohooo! Just helped a home buyer get approved! The mom took time off working to stay w/the kids&re-entered the work place about 2 weeks ago
Partying with the axpers capital cities tonight
Half Time. 1 all.
RETWEET!! IF YOU SEXY & YOU KNOW YOU ARE
Thank you for the follow! You're an awesome comedian and TV Hostess!!!
Don't forget to add our profile page hair of desire South Africa as a friend as well <3
I'M HERE
Pete can go from 0 to total creep in 2.5 seconds
I guess can tweet (from his iPhone) but not answer it...
that just mean the lakers suck
Tonight's Special: Fried Chicken Sandwich Topped with Chipotle Slaw & Choice of Side $10!
It's funny how everyone lies on Facebook cause they know everyone, but everyone tells the truth on twitter to a bunch of strangers
Freebies are awesome! Email headin' your way! Thanks!
Surely not by giving over a billion dollars to black farmers because they were discrimated against at one time.
some people just don't know when to grow up
Happy St. Valentine's Day Chula Vista.
thanks for the mention--I forgot to tweet it myself! :O
PLEASE bring Gabby onto the podium with you! Nica Hults brings her siblings, you can bring Gabby!
i call the gym, church, always set u straight.
I followed back!
Had all these offers and unconfirmed plans and decided to drop everything. Just gonna stay at home with Tikky.
Separation of whites and colors? When will this segregation ever end?
I'm lovin the new Death Star
I miss you sometimes. The more I know, the less I understand All the things I thought I knew, I'm learning again.
That's what. -She
Starburst jelly beans >>>
Number 1 Rule: Never Get Attached!! #singlelife ;)
Brad Pitt’s Benjamin Button character & me have something in common, that’s not a disability. We both have black Mom’s! :) HELL YEAH!
Absolutely read "skittles" as "shirtless."
Purchase a beat and record for free, DM for details
Spending the afternoon meeting with investors and going over plans for a big new project... stay tuned!
Full-steam ahead !
you Hat them? Are they little top hats?
Thanks for the shout out! We hope you can visit too!
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best
Black Flag, Dinosaur Jr., and Flaming Lips, all in 87.
just gonna have to go back and read it again real quick.
“: Happy #openingday to all of my #Brewers friends in Milwaukee. , you guys save me a brat" yes
McDonald's for breakfast!
Hey everyone! Check out my brand new video on youtube.com Search Karissa Lynn, Its the Closer cover
smells like pizza.
hahah! Dang, I should have had you bring that by today!
Experience and professional tools will make your training videos top notch and your message resonate.
ha! man's a genius. I think he needs to start a Groban comedy show. Will be sharing this on our other twitter. ha.
Awesome, thank you!
Sleep tight! Your brain is a billion times more complex than your laptop. And laptops break all the time.
i didnt get to talk to or last night. im so sad :(
My stack of mail from Ohio State is ridiculous. Shit's not a game!
Susan is cooking dinner and I'm in the den, my chores of weeding, mowing, and walking the dog are done :-)
BOOM. roasted.
This time Gretchen tweeted sumptuous and aromatic
Man I Would Pour Water On A Robot If He Was Sucking Gas Out Of My Car
#FF - thanks all for a great year!
Hanging at mad planet for the heavy hands Benefit. 3 bands. 2 comedians. 2 artists. 1 fashion show. 1 dj. Free booze from gld.
About to go defend this mutiny...
I wish I had more songs to listen to on my iPod! Cannot wait for new music!
Did you guys see the new photos I posted to my page- Check them out and leave feedback :-)
Like what ?
hook of broken vegan shame...why yes! how'd you know? "Chicken's not vegan?"
you're right!
are you gonna be outside the radio station or something?
If you care about what other people think, you will always be their prisoner.
Both Danger is Paradise and The Last Day On Earth were beautiful, good work.
Holy long line batman! Just passed cafe du monde and the line was about a block long.
Some more great new followers :)
we are mostly excellent. Frank's a bit under the weather, but the #tribe just tied it up. And I have good wine tonight. :)
lol shut up!
Effective leadership is not about making speeches or being liked; leadership is defined by results not attributes.
I'm not really into real muscular guys...but WHOA HAHHAAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
I can't wait to see you today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
« 200 Followers in 2 days for my company Thanks!» I GOT U Radius
(CONT) Bob Barker spaying & neutering hookers, TSA at the door molesting people for safety, a random chess game, sea monkeys #stefon #snl"
Back at you. Enjoy the day.
i wonder if ever gets nervous before he gets up on stage
LACK OF HUM
Let's go Cincinnati!!! #WVU loves ya!!!
I wanna go play in the rain <U+2614><U+2614>
Back/bicep morning, acupuncture, work, & cardio! Figure out how to eat 6 times & drink 2 gallons of H20 too...here we go!! :D
My Quote. " Be Yourself No Matter Dont Let Any Demon Turn Any Other Way Without A Flaw Thats Not Who you are"
Me and my nigga writing to niggas in paris
I'm rlly wondering how #comcast is still in business considering they haven't done a single thing right in setting up a few phones/internet
yes we crunch do we can #Brunch! Lol
!!": Fun with obscure collective nouns: A group of whales - a gam. A group of moles - a labor. A group of ferrets, a business."
BROOKYLN... & it's safe to say we outta here.
wishes a happy and safe holiday weekend to everyone. Travel and return home safely. Family time; Me time.
Ha, weird! Is your gf ? We should have a party at or something, apparently!
Very true.
damn, retweetin' so much of your shit lately bro.
Not printing money to address the likely double-dip we are now facing would be closer to "treason". F--k Texas.
either way, artest isn't too different from ebanks
Great production meeting with & !
that nap i just woke up from>>>>>>>
Did she just ask me if I'm stalking her? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
but you have such a good assistant!
Let's all help ! She needs more followers! C'mon, Everybody!
Seemingly, you're never more desirable than when you're happily in a relationship with someone.
RT : It would be awesome if we didn't have to be so curious about whether the President of the United States believes in fairness
Belmont and Whiskey tonight. Nothing like a night on the town at milwaukee's hotspots! Let's do it
Mequon/Thiensville big hail heading your way. Hitting west part of Mequon right now.
Shit Asian people say. What are eyes? - Rachel Connelly
at Belle Isle for the AIA picnic!
cheer up ;)
wut? edward kissed jacob?! uh... so much for team jacob nd team edward. jake is so smexii. lol. but g'nite for good
Two wine dinners in one week! We're so happy to hear you enjoyed both, we will let our #Bacchusmke team know!
TY 4 the debate summary! Curious abt ur thoughts on #mobile #accounting tools serving
"Change your thoughts & you change your world." ~ Norman Vincent Peale
thanks so much Melissa! And thanks for the link. We hadn't realized it was archived.
Everybody come out to Archer at 7 Support in the Mahogany Auditions...
Is getting his Think Tank Photo camera bag today. I can't wait to get home.
Have you used Delta's Sky Club? Tell me about your experience there: .
Met 2 great ppl today on the plane to SFO. We were all checkin out the #dl10 app. Devlearn for iPhone...bringing ppl together since 2pm!
Thanks! Yeah, we see a lot of Ontario tags en route to Florida. Hope it was a fun trip!
Noticed that almost everything at #interop was labeled 'next gen'. If everything is 'next gen', isn't it all 'current gen'?
....if I could just figure out how to take a 6 month vacation (& than do it twice a year); I'd be good*
#ThoughtsWhileRunning "please don't let me trip
Some problem doesn`t need solution , sometimes it just needs time..
T You ? and You ? RT&Follow follow me
okay it doesn't matter? Girls will be girls don't you try to be one
Great meeting today with one of our speakers , so excited with the knowledge he will be sharing with us at the conference!
Capitol police announce that Capitol will close at 6 p.m. Crowd roars back. "Our house."
Not against Right to Bear Arms. Did Founding Fathers put loaded hand #guns on their coffee tables? #Texas says OK if no kids in house.???
My internet connection is trying to kill me.
I hate that oomf's mom hates me for no reason!
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to sharing tweets.
There been alot of transactions this offseason in baseball
oh dear, what did you do?! & have you tried frozen peas? or is that's what's under the wrapping?
I have a feeling we may actually work this time <3
Tech integration is key to success of students especially those with special needs. Why don't we have tech standard?
have you ever eaten a candy called Violet Mints? they taste like perfume, but I love them.
RT Not losing the faith, hope and praise! My God continues to reign.
Spring break road trip to SoCal
The security so boring
there is another Carnivore restaurant in Nairobi. About to eat ostrich spring rolls at Lucky Bean in Joburg
You know it's time to stop spending so much time at the gym when people start asking if you work there... #gymrat Granted, I <U+2764>
Breaking news, a train operator just self-repaired to the CORRECT pronunciation of Gallaudet.
RT #womencantresist a man who knows how to dance ;)
Thanks for the add to the #EBWW 2012 attendees. You rock!
This slow push he's making on my heart... that could really take him very far. Surprise phone calls always leave me smiling, considering.
Sometimes 10 mins alone in a coffee shop can feel like spring break, an endless beach, or wild curry. There: I tweeted. World, get excited.
Lol I'm better no I put a guy in his place and he's older then me hahahahaha dumb ass
24hrs till the big show!! Come down to Eastside Green Mrkt tmrw on north ave,in front of beans & barley 10-2p to get yourself a sweetcake!!
Ok. Gotta go get my nails done. Can't be going home to Atlanta with no raggedy hands.
If you call my phone and I don't answer do yourself a favor and don't leave a message, I'm not going to listen to it
All those nights of procrastination. Make one night of
Stephen hill, Courtney upshaw, Peter konz
I forgot to tell you guys yesterday but I got my headshots!!!
its just your innate teaching abilities
New Orleans-March 16-18 need females for Power Shoot. You will be submitted for music videos for JayZ, Lil Wayne, Rick Ross and many more
Today I spent over half my day in band and APC.
Turkey drumsticks on the grill. Homemade potato salad in the fridge. Cold beer. 90 degrees. ah summertime. . .
Hahahaha, chocolate judy? That's interesting..
Glad to help. That’s my current understanding of it at the 50K foot level.
I cnt sorry
Thanks a lot!
Saw last night while I was driving ... It was pretty sick
Please wake me.
does that mean that I can't be right all the time?
english class = biggest joke
Coffee. >:p
BRO my bad- too drunk yesterday. Wasn't hitting my tweet game hard.
Today is #WorldMalariaDay. Malaria kills 1 million people each year. 85% of them are children under 5 years old.
Happy April fools day! Only 14 more days till my birthday :)
Awesome night promoting #VolcanoGirl at the #DGA! Hopefully we have some new fans!! (The DVDs went fast!!)
Rodriguez also says Newton is the only division in Central Bureau to see a reduction in crime in 2012 compared to 2011 (so far): 6.9%.
Walk out of smoothie king, have the smoothie explode all over my arm when I try to put the lid on. Why?!
IMO... you will be the STEAL of the Draft
Hey guys tweet and tell her happy birthday ! Do it !!! Oh and let's see if we can get happybirthdaycadygroves a TT
You just made my night! But look who's talking Mr. Trifecta...
Ain't it interesting? There are ZERO concerned citizens voicing their disapproval of our account! We're talking Ziltch!
I keep it kid free! Because that's my last name
Ha; yeah it's a neat place now!
Thx for including us!
Guess who won an iPod Shuffle from Lightning Web Design and NM Sweeps? ~ Desiree Lucero ~ Check your email!
Reckless driving is defined as speeding, improper lane changing, and improper passing. Many other more helpful facts at:...
Happy Monday!
Thanks for coming to Wine & Roses June 10 at We look forward to your fabulous French food!
RT : I'm taking this space to say happy bday 2.0. The world is a better place with you jc. // me too ... Point-oh!
yea, me too.. ugh
I am....why do you ask?
Congratulations to on being recognized as the Railway Age 2012 Regional Railroad of the Year.
click like if you are on spring break like we are! WooHoooo!
Good morning! Waking up to in the wine light, Kurt Ellings. It'll be a good day.
That mouse winked at me!!
What's up NYC!
Vogue Turkey April 2012 : Lara Stone ..<U+2665>.
Almost there... Just need bags, car, dog and then home.
Anybody know who's taking submissions for
thats cutting it close for an international
Calling it quits after 11 hours! WOOT! Go team!
it's not my fault no one else understood the context of the question and could answer it correctly
I cried a bit :,( but now I'm going to watch wear house 13
Soundtracks for the Blind - Swans
Going shopping today for my new wardrobe for Greece. Thanks members for buying me clothes and a trip to Greece.
Well, let's see what Fugazi has to say about this...*Guy Picciotto screaming indecipherable words* ...the reports will be filed soon, Sir.
#ItsHardTo not talk about you; chances are you're perfect bc i don't talk shit.
back boys
I should've had my OJ this morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> .
funny thing is we are considering it. you're on point!
happy bay<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>
THANK YOU
one dream at a time ha. I'm dealing with one life changing decision already. all I need is more pressure =/
#ifihadasuperpower I'd smite people like Jesus & other powerful men of his time. Then unleash my rage on KFC for making Americans fat& nast
My grammar goes out the window with hunger
maybe just a quick vacay
wish she would to smh
so glad to hear it
Just saw a #Grantland TV ad...looks like Simmons made the big time
Woke up crying again
is counting down right now your #HotFacebook5At8 w/ #OrderUp for up for grabs! Keep Track! :)
Houston: prepare yourself, I'm about to be inside of you for the rest of the year.
watching Eve Ensler's TED Talk on #Netflix, "Embrace your inner girl"
Attending interesting asthma and micro biome abstract discussion.
This is going to be S.A. FINEST Year to come with so much good music and artist comeing out.. for hip hop and house. ..l
Hey guys! Follow back please :)
Being super productive this morning - was out of the house by 6:30 and almost have all my errands done. Getting ready for Atlanta!
nah its just the my financial advisor told me that condoms are a lot less expensive than child support. Lmao
I love it.
Someone scheduled a meeting for tomorrow morning. I'm going to have to "fix" that person. #fridaycoffeeclub comes first.
Bitches with stitches!!
an elephant never forgets. There's a good possibility I'll be drinking my way through Burlington sometime in the next six months.
Nope I actually got it!
take my hoodie tomorrow! (:
I'm ready to get out of here to enjoy my weekend.
With 169th pick (fifth round) #Ravens take Asa Jackson, CB from Cal Poly.
Thank you for downloading my music! HAVE A GREAT DAY! Luv & Kisses
Good morning. Praying u have a very blessed wkend ahead! :)
If you think walking up to a signed in Facebook is hacking, you aren't a hacker, or a
I've pointed out to such folks that the image we've seen most often of George Zimmerman is a mug shot.
i won't go a day without doing something creative....we should aspire to leave the world better than we found it.....
#TheWorstFeeling; when a guy thinks everything is okay, but inside you're really dying
haha your weird... I'm not paying attention to it
“: Our specials tonight at Penthouse. Bottles of Absolute $125 & top shelf lemon drop shots $4!”
Whitman's Leaves of Bran: guaranteed to filter and fibre you blood.
On average, you'll
Flirtationship - More than a friendship less than a relationship
Who is headed down to Turner Field for the Atlanta Hunger Walk???
. - Thank you for bringing to our attention. Beautiful site and much needed service. We'll be in touch!
Happy FUCK I'M IRISH! Day! :) Gonna take my ass to the #Columbus St. Patrick's Day Parade.
Everyone dies but not everyone lives.
Ha. Me 2. RT : You bet I am! Speaking of clicking, I just wanna put on my ruby slippers, click them, and go home.
I wanna wish a big happy 18th birthday to the funniest white kid around, ! (; Happy birthday, Joey! I hope your day is great!
Sounds like Crazy Linda would be a great reality show!
Win $1000 in FREE Promotional Marketing Items! Enter monthly at www.brandoutsolutions.com. Click MONEY BAG on Home page to enter! Good luck!
Hey what up? I am a Hip Hop DJ/Turntablist but I love to spin and listen to Neo Soul Music.
I hate when websites have a blank "Contact Us" page. That's a quick way to get on my sucks-a-lot list.
People yell at me for talking to myself, but I just have such intelligent conversations with myself.
I can see her replying with NOT YOU. LOLOL. Because I would.
Claire said: is there any money? Pam heard: what? Eddie Money is playing?
what the hell just happened to twitter mobile??? it looks all...fancy
haha he never lets me sleep under his pj's unless he's drunk!
- as you should, you live and work there. See you in the 21st. Peace and Chicken Grease.
There have been a lot of rumors. And there's no question that Gilas WANTS him.
haha okay!!! And josh can take us home!!
Pastor Marvin Winans is tellin it LIKE IT IS
it's almost an insult to actual geeks and nerds who enjoy the kinds of stuff the show parody's.
Oh, that's a good idea. Or if the plastic cup and foil seal were biodegradable!
Thanks, Adam!
definately done caring about everything
going to the home opener pacers game tonight.
You better be getting the pounder!
please explain. Saw tweets and have switched to #fox but don't understand what happened.
Any expert will tell you that if you want emotionally committed relationships then people must be allowed to be true to who they are.
Blisters can go to hell.
RAWRR :-D i miss your face Jimmy!
4 hour naps can fix almost anything...
believe me for mine honour, and have respect to mine honor, that you may believe:
Try a $5 footlong and make lunch out of it 2 days in a row! Bring your baked chips from home!
already getting money for graduation
WHY CAN'T I HAVE NICE THINGS? (Oh yeah cause I fuck them immediately)
Bud Selig should be sent to Japan for 'baseball reasons'.
He doesn't need this shit. RT Nick Diaz is an idiot.
sounds good! U wanna meet in the game room then?
Hope to be there! RT : Will i see you there?
i already am </3
we hope you're having a wonderful time! Happy Birthday!
okay okay thank you. i will stay crying in my upright position
Always keep your words soft and sweet, just in case you have to eat them.
as far as I know this is only true in academic libs, also it's important to note that total circ can go up and circ per user down
Loving too!! Impossible to pick a favorite.....
attempting to clean...unsuccessfully.
What's one thing you will do/take away? What commitment will you make for change?
You and your memories are an amazing part of what makes #Monicals a part of our communities and we are honored!
Stomach bug anyone? Serie has it. Where did it come from?
nick can u follow me i love u so much ur my inspiration
cool story bro.
Mistakes are inevitable.Difference is what you do when mistakes are made -paraphrased Carol Dweck #NAISAC12 ME: do we let mistakes happen?
Curb your enthusiasm and entourage..HBO better be in the dorm
hipmunk.com, (started by Reddit cofounder) RT : What are the best flight search engines for last minute international travel?
Where the hell did the time go?!
You're welcome, will do:)
The bullying South Park episode completely wrecks the dude who released that documentary in theaters.
Haha just saw this. Who's the hunk?
#BeforeIGetMarried You must have success at keeping a job and a place for more than 6 months...
Now accepting #silentauction items for the our People To Know benefit on 4/21/2011!! Contact us if you can help.
Goodnight lovely followers :) :* <3
I've never lied to you, you've just been asking the wrong questions.
Last day of class and her ass still teachin
Death makes angels of us all and gives us wings where we had shoulders smooth as ravens claws. - J. Morrison
what was the most mischievous thing you did as a child?
Watching the news...bored outta my mind ugh!
You usually can't get pissed at pansy assed wimps, but when they enable other pansy asses, it's easy to get pissed.
Thanks for the mention.
Good look RT : Support local producers like
Another day off today ! Rehearsal tonight !
If Zach just came up and started grinding on me id be like "Woo shake dat bootttaaay Porter! Owwww!"
I was a biomed student all throughout middle school. :)
No amount of coaching can help if your not truly willing to deal with those beliefs that no longer serve you- my 5 Step program is unique.
Is 4 times around at Memorial Park equal to a mile?
Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you
it was good. 100 degrees everyday... SEASON 2 is on! Congrats
Hi you!
Love the delight of your footer And, yes, I did watch the entire "Cowbell" video. Forever hilarious.
Cheers to for finally adding the "Show the comment" feature for comments in reply to other comments!
Just like Guinevere
I met him when he came to Boston in GlenGarry GlenRoss. My husband and I had a 1/2 hr. conversation with him afterwards. Sublime!
legitimately having the weirdest dreams ever lately
It's a mother/son thing :-)
This bus is a few degrees warmer than hell. Someone crack a window.
Time you enjoy wasting is not time wasted.
I fucked up badly on this test
yeah L.A. called again today. Really pressing for a commitment. Makes my Mom crazy! She wants it for us too. All good!
Funny, after listening to Chris Hedges, it was followed by & I wondered what a debate between them two would be like.
If you want someone to look over the proposal, I'd be happy to do so!
Thanks for the tweet! And thanks for the letter. :)
Our kid watching nature show in next room -- "Oh no! We're all going to die!" I don't think us laughing made her feel better about it.
will be exhibiting at DoD Enterprise Architecture Visit us to see best-in-class cross-domain security solutions.
how's life chide Amphibian
I see lol
LOL that's
And by baby i mean my car.
thrilled you stopped by! it really is beautiful out today
Happy St. Patrick's Week. Keep it classy, NY!
HUNGRY AS SHIT
Über-smüg. In fact you can just call me ÜBernhard from now on.
Staying focused.. I'm starting to see things a little more clear now, this is definitely what I love doing with my life
What to do for dessert? All my snacks are too nutritious, and candy bowl is empty.
THANK YOU SO MUCH!
Thanks for the #FF. Enjoy your weekend!
Don't get all the snow talk. It's 80 today and I'm in shorts.
ya gotta get with .....q
RT : Madonna doesn't look half bad for a 77-year old.
NP: Ben Webster Meets Oscar Peterson. Actually been playing this one all week.
I'm falling for your eyes but they don't know me yet.
I love you women! Xoxoxo
DM You know what it means to be an underdog. If you are up for a challenge, we are taking on Apple education but affordable.
lol you would go nuts you couldnt handle it hahah kiddin but no you have a baby when you love someone and are ready ya ass
Finishing up a job today in south #Austin. We're really rolling along now!
lmao! Favorite tweet of the day!
Sadly...people feel they can pick on others. Because it ask boils down to the old 'us' vs. 'them' mentality.
School -.- One Test & a Quiz
Whoa ! Forgot about those. VINTAGE. XO
full of dangerous wonders
u ever reply to ur fans
wow my last RT is a must read for everyone
A letter to Ari? Omg. :) Can you include me in it please? :D <3
"Each one of us has the power to make others feel better or worse. Making others feel better is much more fun than making others feel worse.
they all amped up
Tweet Me Please ?
And now the journo-fun begins... MT : MADISON, Wis. - Wisconsin elections board orders recall election against GOP Gov. Walker
He is probably interviewing at either Arizona State or UCLA
I saw #EddieTheSleepingWalkingCannabal yesterday.
Thank you to the 2159 law students who applied to our Summer Corps program! The application is now closed, but we’ll be back next year!
I did not know that. Yet another notch on his awesomeness belt.
Natural Gas ETN Premium Tops 100%
Had a good but short show tonight due to pending rain. Fun crowd! Headed to Oklahoma.
At first, #Judas was OKAY. Now, I can't stop listening to it... Way to go #Gaga. You did it again.
#WaysToGetOffThePhone Just hang up on a bitch. Fuck it.
what movie are you planning on watching?
Anyone interested in meeting me to listed to some barbershop music at 7? Central United Methodist Church, University and Central
Its a Wonderful Life is just the best.
I've had #SportsCenter on mute since 3:30 a.m. ... and each time I look up, they're airing the "Not Top 10"
Don't forget to call Farmers Insurance today and save money on your Car or Homeowners Insurance now! Call (619) 733-5322!
Life is what it is take life by the balls and always be strong no matter what..dont let life get you down....
Nothing brings inner sunshine like our Farmer's Market Lunguini w/ asparagus pesto! Will away the clouds w/ a meal that’ll make you smile!
I gotta let it be it ain't qoin no where...
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 20
Aww hunny lease dont tell me you need it! (;
Isn't that crazy????
#HappyValentinesDay to everyone. #AppreciateEveryday not just today. #LoveIsNotOcassional enjoy!!!!!
We've run some giveaways to help spread the word. We'll be having some again soon. In the meantime, they're on sale! :)
Feels so good to be home with myy girlss !
Ran into today. Cool guy. Miss his old resto in Lyn/Lake.
thanks for the RT Amanda. Hope all is well with you & the family. Planning a trip to London in autumn & hope to see you.
Going live again shortly with from with the latest on the suspicious bag found by authorities.
FB and all those brands that market on FB, I don't even check their page even though I did press the like button, but thats
State of the CE industry presentation is at full capacity, more press and analysts than last year
Thank GOD it's Friday!
That's what i like to see!!
Miss you too!, saw old cheer pics yesterday that made me giggle:) Sorry about the hosp,I hope he can come home soon & get better!
some one retweeted you and i was all, her name is cool.
Thank you to everyone who came out to today! You rule!!!
RT I wish you were in town for my B-Day Friday! We all miss you!! #Family ----> Me too Corine. I miss you guys.
Fun prank idea: Take your friend's fiancee to lunch and say things that give her doubts about the relationship.
I follow you now! Haha
Capeesh! Sauce is overpriced!
NEW EP'S coming out THIS WEEK look out for.. 5/11: "Thrones" 5/12: "'Purgatory'
late bible study for me lol
You're such a health nut! haha
Yay, I was chosen as a book giver! I'm thrilled to share the power of the imagination to change the world!
lol... just wait!
RT Codpiece Intelligence Agency.
Did this nigga just say Black Widow was better than Captain America -_-
Why do some people in NURSING HOMES get a FREE RIDE while YOU are SPENDING your ENTIRE NEST EGG on nusing home care? www.MedicaidProtect.com
iTunes previews of #KarminHello songs on replay in preparation for next week! #CantWait :) PS - Happy B-Day Amy!!!
Ok that wasn't funny
They really make the free version of Spotify cool enough to use, but the ads and recommended songs just annoying enough so that you upgrade
ah... That's true too
Would you want to help Mateo and a I get 2 co titles in MW3?? we would help you get them in return. We need one more person. Plz
Hi, Total Solutions Alliance LLC is inviting you to join Facebook. Once you join, you'll be able to connect with the Total Solutions A
Follow now !!!
#PHXcoyotes why do u promortionally white out when the blackhawks are white?
Getting leading marketing execs together for a #uwebc roundtable. Great event for leaders in the area.
RT The limits of the possible can only be defined by going beyond them into the impossible. ~ Arthur C. Clarke
I just say...some people's kids. Don't want them in my clinic if I can help it! So sorry for you!
Bermudez with a stolen base and moves to 2rd on a catchers throwing error.
I know, I know. Can I at least get ANY credit for watching it at all?!??!
loving what i do and cranking up the office speakers ;)
u open it on you're computer and u would just read it as if your reading on a computer !
Gingrich says that Freddie Mac is like any other business? COME ON.
Awww that is ok there are 9 different meetings we are holding in the neighborhood, I will be tweeting them periodically!
Tonight: Rabbit with la ratte fingerling potatoes, tatsoi and thyme.
In moments of conscripted/mandatory joy, is it not the job of the joker to be dour? Maybe? A playful & loving "Bah humbug!" to you all...
together thing kind of ruins it.
Cars are faster than bikes
“: #Aquarians find out everything! You can't hide anything from them or lie to them”
haha damn! Check out that new track me and just put up. You'll like it
I don't know what that means, but I'm thinking "thanks" is a good response? Maybe?
With #Schoology you have control where/how content is viewed. #Schoology vs.
im getting into trouble and dancing with the devil
yes I do! ^-^ I actually did one today, and currently doing redoing my angelbites.
REALIZE, I DO NOT LIKE YOU.
baseballs 4 run rally in the 5th is unbelievable!!!! LETS GO PARK!
hi! yes she does :D
These sneaky-ass bastards...I just love how the facts just slowly drip and ooze out about George Zimmerman. He pleads not guilty? F*ck that!
I need your help. We need to do "gold outs" during the playoffs. Fans and players wear gold every game.
do you know that really skinny senior girl? I think she's ginger, but her boyfriend's car! They always park on linum.
thanks ! cant wait to see my kelly banana
If I sold wedding cakes, I'd be all over it. We have a marketing platform for auto dealers. But I'll get there :) cc:
My teacher fought another teacher
ur welcome... what kinda job is it?
Photographed a wonderful first wedding of the year yesterday!
Ladies in bikinis and beers in the fridge at #BlueRock. Is today a #studio rental or frat party? Maybe both!
I keep retweeting like everything (cause I have nothing clever to say myself.) XD.
She from Dallas ....she eat Rudys she go to big t on Sundays she a cutie.....Ayee
:-"( Smhh whatever man.!
try the satirical blog of . Funny stuff about edtech.
Ugh. Shudder.
nothin coolin what you been doin i aint seen you in so long
Individuals stay zoning me out.
why do u say that?
I think I'm missin shorty I was talkin wit
check your Facebook boss
Finally at Midway with my driver's licence.
I guess if I can handle SoA, I can handle this. The previews made me flinch, but SoA does sometimes too lol
A lot more than I like being your gov! RT is following me!! was just wondering: how much do you love Bojangles, Gov?
Just got called "Renaissance women" - cuz today our projects go from car auctions to Disney backyards.
When is it?!
Trivia Question (without looking this time): Kelsey Grammer is the voice of what recurring character on The Simpsons?
Wow you need to learn how to spell out your words you stupid chode(<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>)
:-) I really like those new ones
you reached 90!!!
you are the perfect melody but now my harmony is feeling out of key<3
were you at that Kent party they've been talking about? Haha
Someone on Facebook just proved a good point to me. The Giants sent home the Braves & my boy Bobby Cox. GO RANGERS! Haha - Wes
The favorite movies is The Notebook, lol.
At the cherryblossom with my wife and son
I possess a working knowledge of Sarbanes-Oxley SOX. If you are looking for a proven, professional CFO:
Thanks guys -- Dylan covered it for the day but I will definitely keep you two in mind for any future stories!
Omg guys Hannah is talking about why Liam is scared of spoons and she said you should e scared of your fingers. They can slip into your eyes
Will I see any tweeps there? RT: Still time to sign up for the Edelman Happy Hour! - Only 10 spots left. Come sign up at registration.
they have sensors....
Happy st pattys day tweeps! Have one on me :-)
trev and I are excited, too. Thank you!
Glad you enjoy listening to it. Keep spreading the word.
shut up dummy I'm out wit my aunt lol we already planned on bowlin
Still folding his PJ's RT : Darryl Sutter a no-show for media session...Kings PR folks can't find him...be on the lookout!
LMAO. Something like that. What a disappointing performance by Maia. RT : Were they drunk?! :D
RT : tweegrams make you sound crazy. just puttin that out there. bunch of y'all out here tellin on yourselves.
right...just something about the show.. I am not diggin' it..
hey, just sent you an email that you'll surely want to read!
lol girl your too funny
I don't like you .
::flutter flutter:: ha!
haha trust me, he's aware I tell him all the time. How are baby plans coming I'm so excited for you!
Tarballing my morning away.
the second TD Bank comes to Nevada, it's a wrap for Wells, Citi, BofA and Chase!
Even when I'm old and gray, I won't be able to play it, but I'll still love the game. Michael Jordan
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer48
smoking rolling riffer up
Thank you for the #FF shout out!! Have a great weekend! :)
First day of Spring! Are you riding your bikes?
Rang in the New Year at 10:30 with my little man, did some sparklers and laughed. Now off to bed. Have a good night and be safe, everyone!
In 1902 NYC Parks Commission turns over the Aquarium to the feldgling NY Zoological Society which is now the Wildlife Conservation...
nothing. i actually got u a bday gift even tho i wasnt able to make it
why didn't the skeleton see the scary movie? he didn't have the guts!
The smile on my face doesn’t mean my life is perfect. It means I appreciate what I have and what God give me.
Elway bad liar bad investor no vision & bad at getting value on trades/players
Happy Friday the 13th! Don't go camping near any infamous lakes. And avoid anyone wearing a hockey mask or carrying a machete.
Used to smoke and work on a help desk. It was like every hour on the hour. So.. eight. Ten on a bad day.
Good morning!!!! Hope everyone is doing well :]
let us know when our stickers arrive in FL! =)
And... waiting. Some more..
Watching Bridesmaids, catching up on all the Oscar movies
I am that ignorant person that took my shoes off in class lol
Florida misses you! Palm trees, beaches, the sun... <U+2600>
Just got cut off by Kenny Rogers.
I Feel Like Im About To Be Single :/
I was going to wait until it had a year left on its life... like i did with MySpace.
Something about Wilbon's chafing my ass tonight. It's like he thinks his sources are better than those of fellow d'bags...;)
well, you won't see Democrats complaining. Palin vs Clinton 2016?
It's never crowded along the extra mile. ~ Dr. Wayne Dyer
work hard love the pony xx
"Don't give up. Normally it is the last key on the ring which opens the door."-
Good question...a parallelogram?
Kid playing in my office just put my Nancy Pearl action figure riding a plastic horse. They are mesmerized by these McDonalds toys...
What's the Twitter horse curse?
We have an avid player here too. RT : World kickball championships this weekend!
Photo shoot lined up, New Website Updates, and More "SNO" shirts... www.SnoClothing.com - "SNO" A.K.A. - Stylish. Neckware. Obsessions.
Take care of yourself!
So glad I made it to work on time today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
LOL - I am sure!! RT : There's more than a few Mullen folks who can probably relate. Thanks for the RT!
Old advice taht's good to hear again - Make sure what you're saying on your resume matches the job description!
whats up friend?
I've learned quite a bit growing up..when you have the option to do right, then do right. Life passes you by quicker than you think.
No! Where's it located?
Indeed. I'll admit to looking forward to the #printForum happy hour(s) in addition to the actual conference itself!
Are you moving to Miami Austin???
“: It's insensitive of Brad Pitt to have "The Rachel" haircut.” LOL!!!
Tried to wish my sister belated happy mothers day and leave her with happy thoughts. Halfway succeeded in first goal, not so much second.
Love the new first ladies exhibit!
"A good library is a palace, a palace where the lofty spirits of all nations and generations meet." — Samuel Niger
I wanna live in California.
. it doesn't change anything short-term, and won't last long-term.
good point
What can't wine fix? Nothing here.
Thank u for magnificent time aboard under-construction new 787 Dreamliner....amazing!!!! ;)
God 4give me 4 I have sinned
nah he a bitch though
I would retweet so many more people if people didn't swear so much!
Going 2 c my cows now xD EEEEP! I can't wait!!!
Do you guys have any interview videos with people in your web design program?
RT : You guys hear that new single by Chief Queefe? // ?????
Watching Cupcake Wars too?
What a great workout this morning! Burpees... woo hoooo! :)
Adore the new designs by at #HPMkt. So fabulous. Even style spotted by the fabulous Woohoo!
i hate that too
Look at all the breccia volcanic rock.
Can I just go back like one week and do it all again okay thanks.
haha that picture's not as bad as I thought it would be!! Lol
Watching for Next invites like a shark but still failing to catch them in time. These preview videos are too much of a tease.
Taye Diggs looks lost in th Subway. I can esort you bra, I take you to your destnation and you...call your um agent for me! Its ah win.
Nope, just tryna create an illusion of responsibility.
ew no diet. Might as well go all out
Going to the beach even though its prob gonna be cold yayayay
have fun!<U+2665> spoil her !!(; xx
#ff for Happy Friday the 13th
Had Maury Povich been in Star Wars, we would have known who the father was a lot sooner
No need to set alarm and up before 6... Sweet
RT : a truly exceptional #foodie full of #gourmet #tips, #recipe RAVES, and #goodfood know-how >>
Stores selling pants in a "tall" and only offering the jacket in a "regular" is just wrong.....lol
I love reading Facebook drama hahaha.
Are you gonna have the backup divas to sing with you on AI performance of NCOE? Want!
what we got new?
Ditto! RT : Love being part of your community, - great blog!
that looks unbelievable
Just voted for Kathy Griffin for favorite Reality star for the Peoples Choice Awards!
I always get lots of brilliant ideas while meandering the aisles of
wow Art Mann is still a thing?
We really want to help
im so tired
"A Week with Marylin" favorite quote When one is young, one should use a lot of mascara. When one is old, they should use much more.
Doggy want that kitty ;)
#textingdisaster when you just get done typing a 4 page text with everything meaningful and somehow your phone manages to delete it all..
Tucson police: Dad left kids on side of road - Arizona Daily Star Tucson police: Dad left kids on side of road Arizona Daily Star Tucson
You A Fine MuuhFucker Won't You Back That Ass Up .
Had a very, very fun time
: Cause I'd go , I'd go all around the world and fuck different girls cause it doesn't really matter to me
my nephew is doing great thanks for asking :)
because he is made out of iron of course :P haha M i don't why? I guess I like his iron suit...2nd favorite, Captain America:)
I'm so last minute...ugh!
Real-person curation is better than automated, algorithm-based content recommendations. RT
today, I get to stand where you stood and perform on the BPC stage! So excited! =]
Going out to eat with the bestfriend! :D
Bitch look down, tell me wussup
If you don't take care of yourself, how will you take care of your business, your family, your life?
The best creative brief a designer can get --- "Make it sweet."
goal number 23, go to yoga with me at least four or five times. :-)
Fantasy Baseball Player Prospecting: Patrick Corbin, Tyler Moore, Welington ... - KFFL
I'm gonna tell everybody this it's going to be a tough series
i didn't mean to do that, my bad cuzzo
and how many child suicide bombers have they caught? TSA + perverts
mine is over 50 because apparently niceness doesn't matter if you use foursquare.
450+ submissions for Crimson's "Megahertz" music vid. Time to make calls to choose ppl. 60ppl will be chosen for the video. I love this part
Omg he called me at 453 in the morning.........that he's eating at a diner and wantsme 2 come...and he knows were I live...and said he would
so true! We love #moab as it such a fun town and so close to Arches and Canyonlands! Was at #zion today too..great day out!
I hear that in my family, too.
What do you like about #window 7: we work slow to create more job! #Mac: we work faster to eliminate job from those window user!
I should be studying, but not until tweets me back. (:
Just had one of the best egg sandwiches at Rocco's on Vermont. - it's got your name written all over it!
Is PRETTY sure that the dude, with his pants halfway down his bum, screaming down the street, "I am where it's AT baby!" - - might be wrong.
hey! I see this! I'm in for movies! Include me!
Long day..Need some rest
what your email? Dm it to me.
I think this is a good trend, its too bad chose bashing advisors as a way to build their bus
yeah yeah yeah
I'm getting one!!!
Damn did long john silver have to go fishing for my food
Next thing on my bucket list run a 5k.... Who's with me ?
You said Detroit hasn't won anything in the 4 major sports. They won 8 championships in the last 4 decades. So has Chicago.
3rd day of #SportsExposLV! What has been your favorite part so far?
I'm ready to go!
mine is cleaning out my garage for spring clean up on monday(:
you got it!
Hey this Paulette (Mary Mac's Tea Room)
I like pickles. <3
Memories to ashes.
And they're pulling in social data. And they're letting you host meetings within SFDC. Yeah, those are some cool features.
Finally watching last weeks glee episode
Many injuries; the outfield has become a lonely place.
This week has been good, but I am definitely looking forward to the weekend! Does anyone have any good plans?
Tigers scored 40 runs in their first 6 games and just 34 runs in their last 11 games.
COUNTRY MUSIC!(: <3
Half the commercials are already online in extended form no less. The rest will be soon. No need to watch these days.
A true woman doesn't compete and cant be compared!
Ready to rock out with Manchester Orchestra, MCR and Blink-182!!
it's a drug called scopolamine ya fiends
I will keep you in mind when I'm looking to buy a new new one. I have a 2001 Honda I'm replacing my oldy with :-)
I want a beard like ZZ Top
#Chiefs Rookie Camp. Poe had a lot thrown at him today by Anthony Pleasant but if he keeps working and listening like he did today +++
Is it okay that I won't see the movie because John Carter isn't naked like in the book? I mean, they're leaving out the best part!
have you seen google today?
k that preview was kind of bullshit........like they're perfect but i was expecting like a full on filmed video and stuff.
You're welcome! Happy #FF!
it was the best play. Blake missed it. At least it wasn't an off balance hero shot that I guess people want to see.
Are we fixin to go back to the cars???
haha because i dont like school anymore and im just lazy...
hay girl hay “: #Leo women are beautiful. They put in work while other pretty bitches just lay there!”
Thank you and for the birthday tweets!!!
Speaking in pieces of a man, staring at a future in the creases of my hand.
matt just put down fresh vocals and fresh guitar using fresh gear. lush.......
definitely as much to blame. And while nobody was there, they did have to deal with the ball.
Less people are joining me at the bar for #dubstep Monday & playing Diablo instead -___- #getyourprioritiesstraight <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><U+270C>
Weird rooting for the Redskins, being a Cowboy fan...but gotta bunch up the standings in the East. Helps having McNabb starting in league
no suicides today plZ and tnx
#billsmafia espn first take says we have a QB controversy tune in right NOW
it did...I don't know why it didn't show in my reply...wondering if it will appear in future episode? U r hilarious, btw!
I'd be rich if I could invent a pop-top beer can that wives can't hear open
Vander Blue is a scrub! #thatguysucks. Go MU. Marquette needs to stop this run
- think of it as WINNING at failing ;-)
Omg! Worried about my champaign friends! Everyone is tweeting about taking cover from tornadoes :x
Such a bummer re: Celtics winning tonight!! I was rooting for #Clippers all the way! Good game though & great crowd!
how was your day, did you cook for your Mum?
I will thank you
Ha, I'm excited to use that at work tomorrow.
Condensed from after-school study: "Young people benefit (from) structured pursuits that...contain challenging and engaging tasks."
Keeping my dear friend and her family in my prayers, her father passed away on Tuesday. I can't imagine. Life is so precious.
Marry me?
"Never give up on anybody."
After your life calms down, can I pick your brain on instructional design? Husband Chris is curious about it.
hahahahaha why do i keep saying Helena?! And yes you are beautiful(;
Please check out my new published Novel on Xlibris.com and Amazon.com Borders.com and Barns and Noble.com
A4 Posting more photos w/ links instead of just links. Thinking abt networks of ppl instead of just individuals
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 10
Are there any limits to ANYONE but Obama for conservatives?
Kind of worried about all your posts whats up with your mom and baby sis?
#thevoice he's not ready!
When is Brian Wilson a free agent? He had a down-year last year but I'd love for him to return to his Boston roots..
This constant desire to escape from doing homeworks...
Getting' ready to swing it tonight! #jazz starts at 7:30 in the O bar
So my seventeen magazine horoscope said i would meet a cute guy on the 6th of May.....
aww YOU'RE the best!
<Retires Packer Jersey for the season> Good season guys... #PackNation thanks for the fun, obviously wish the train was still rolling
Looks like a big turnout for #russellsimmons. Lots of people at
so be dame i have tweeted my 100th tweet thats what's up
oh my goodness rachel wth? Lmao your gunna b broke in hawaii
I think I'm turning into my boyfriend! I'm starting to make crazy concoctions with my food! And earlier we read each others minds XD
24p is the 2nd best p, they best p has four more letters!
interesting how much Facebook uses the word "engage" when what they mean is "post" with a maybe like. That's not engagement.
Hey ! Heard you were a workoutaholic. Do you instruct those bootcamps?
Mane im so happy
The desire for a richer, fuller more abundant life is praisworthy.
Still used to being an asst. RT : There are actually a few rolling solo. Paul Lusk of Missouri St is one handling his own driving
Do not ask yourself what the world requires; think about what makes you shine.
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone. - Gabrielle "Coco" Chanel
I stand for freedom of expression, doing what you believe in, and going after your dreams. -Madonna Ciccone
Missing your Spring Break tan already? Head to Marquette Tan and Laundry before noon and tan for only $5!
Just did the most ..
- looking forward to the cloud computing expo... T minus 51 hours... Go
There you go! You sure you don't want to buy them a Mac?
Respect the turkey, Bro.
Figuring it all out has been interesting. I think Rattlesnake is on the menu!
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds -Ralph Waldo Emerson
How we can use machine learning and crowdsourcing to improve
thank (: I'm glad to see I have loyal
The bad wolf was apparently a man's p*nis
so weird to finally see something i wrote acted out. finally putting my screenwriting degree to work.
You can call my show anytime Bruce! - www.sa-urban.com
&B's Tavern This Sat. CD Release Party come out and have some fun......with Specyphi.... New Laser Light show....
Can I borrow some sugar? Lol
RT ": Bend over touch your toes!"
Oh my goodness why must we have bad weather
you betcha {hug} :)
bout ta do dis homework...
RT : Heading to see "Noche Latina," even though warns it's "cheesier than a chimichanga." Yikes....
thank you for the mention... sorry if a repeat thank you..
Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas, kiss my ass. Kiss his ass. Kiss your ass. Happy Hanukkah.
At this age I'd rather be immature and have fun, then uptight and stressed out al the time.
U cant out slick a slickster
Congrats! That's impressive. Make sure you go with your gut.
Students: is still taking apps for summer digital interns to help w/blogging, reporting and social media. @ reply me for details
Most absurdly hilarious #seinfeld plot: The professional hand model who fell "in love" with his own hand!
playing right tackle now lol
You both are awesome! Thanks for being fans of our snacks. :) RT: sunbelt granola bars ! <33333333
Great meeting today w/ client. A room full of Dept. Leaders all haggling through their org. future & Nxt Level Decisions. ~Nxt
lol that's all i ever hear from people
Today marks the 50th anniversary of Wilt Chamberlain's 100-point game.
Sounds like a typical Friday for me. :P Enjoy it!
Think it just means worrying is a waste of energy lizzy! RT : Worrying works! 90% of the things I stress about don't happen.
I really liked that idea on having a digital social media scrolling trinitron on the inside walls of #Wrigley somewhere!
exactly my thoughts, u have only scored 3 and think u can score 17+ in under 3 mins, I mean really?
lol its good heading to canidagia wanna roll?!
cant wait for jan 27! its tell 10 friends about jack davis griffo day
Hahaha ima make it fat again sneak dissin ass
lol ima see if i can get a parking permit
Lady Gaga’s interview and performance of “Edge of Glory” on gets me every time…never was a fan until I heard the story, amazing
very excited. saw that post when CC made it. Emailed it home so I can check it later. EXCITING.
Hey--much love and lots of hugs to you, too! :)
Kingdom In The Valley Christian Church in Phoenix, Az RT : :...-where do you lead worship at?
oh gosh, your video of trust issues :)
My colleagues dub my hair the "Bieber" but as an Asian, it's the "Lee" as in Lee Seung Gi
Lovin it outside today! Time to mow the lawn.
yield your pain, summer is nearly upon us.
I like when people boldly sing wrong lyrics!
Everything is great! I've been great,how bout u hunnie?
Super Mystery Jackpot clue:The arranger on the recording was a novice at the time and eventually became a one hit wonder as a solo artist.
I am thinking that is sound asleep from all his ballad singing and dancing last night ... I see no Liverpool tweets though they lead
Thanks for the post on the Pelzer event. Your support is appreciated!
I do know one thing tho, bitches they come they go. Saturday through sunday monday, monday through sunday yo.
I need a pithy phrase to describe headache and shoulder tension from too much Excel work. Any suggestions?
lol she finally found him. I was just hiding a little bit ago! Under a blanket though, not too hard lol
you called me spam! And I notice 8 days later...yes, I'm quite an adept Tweeter.
We back and ready to make your year a little easier!
that's right! thanks for the reminder :) WE'LL BE AT BOWERY ELECTRIC EVERY WEDNESDAY THIS MONTH STARTING TONIGHT!
Once upon a time, new Cubs prez was youngest GM in baseball. Got opportunity and succeeded. Why not RYNO?!?!
you missed out Marilyn the hunger games was pretty cool
When a man talks dirty to a woman, it's sexual harassment. When a woman talks dirty to a man, it's $3.95 a minute.
Me too!! I think I read more fiction & forbidden romance stuff lol
Yay! I finally get to follow you. I couldn't do it earlier. :)
URT : theophilus pitt stars as mr traffik in mr and mrs traffik lol sick boy
They weren't joking wheb they said these were speedy braces.....
Great! I look forward to listening to it.
Like That - T.I. = my new warmup song
I hate writing papers!! x( blahh, just one more page left and then I can just do nothing!:)
mister "everybody retweets me" think youre cool , huh ?
Too bad, you aren't mad!
3rd day of #school and I all ready want it to be over
Can we trade Jamison back to Washington for Z? Does that work?
Isn't enough that NFLX wants a low-capital, hi-growth valuation? Legacy DVD business can't grow all that much, so drags stock.
Good morning tweet hearts!
Guess what imma do? Hustle! Hustle! Hustle! HARD! Closed mouths don't get fed on this blvd!
La la la I love life and the people that make it perfect and worth living!!!! :)
Hate all these fukin females... Damn fake as fuck
idk...been do'n a million thangs on this ol' android...i'm back on now tho...
Happy Birthday to my friend !!!
PLSAC SURVEY: FRESH PRINCE OF BEL AIR vs FAMILY MATTERS??
same here. late nights doing their homework then early mornings for review sessions.
sweet!! thanx for the follow!!
nothing punk ass nukka ;)
Night =D
Even if you don't have access to your client's #GoogleAnalytics account you can use Bit.Ly to gather some metrics.
I'm planning on coming to Anaheim for at least one day...especially now that I know you will be there.
"Yo dawg, you want some vintage books, dawg? They like really rare, man." - Vintage Book Dealer. Only in NYC.
Nicki Minaj is very scary in Pepsi commercial O.O
RIP DICK CLARK, an Icon who I have had the pleasure of working for! Thank U for sharing your talents & visions with Us! We love U.
Bro, J.J. Hickson was a big pick up for the Blazers. Ooooooweee. I thought he would go to the Heat.
you silly Scoobie
Poor bloggers.
#c2css12 on my way! Look for a low flying Lexus!
its gonna be a long day..!
Dear professional sports announcers everywhere: It is "Tampa Bay," not "Tampa." Please educate yourself on the game you are calling.
Off to the tailor to hem two pairs of jeans I bought in my recent denim spree. (It's an addiction. I need to stop!)
the fact that you've responded in this way does reveal an underlying insecurity about your own intellectual capabilities.
He loves me....isn't that enough.?! <3 he's gonna break her heart for me but, he is madly in-love with me....notta drama queen like her! <3
AH! whose dog is that?
you are a master of #talkingshitbeforeseriesends however in this case it might be with good reason
Come on cudi..
Seriosly contemplating staying after work just to watch cable.
Lucky lady! Going for work or play? I used to live in nearby Cedar Crest, just on the other side of the Sandias.
Thanks George! Our users must have good luck b/c a lot of folks who post liquidate! We have a plan for major traction soon..
Lol double duty during his own show.
couldnt find it. Send me the url
that's so cute<3
Load Tester PRO™ 5.0 Generates Unlimited Virtual Users
girls are stupid. i want to go back to the days when we thought boys had cooties.
oh man i just saw a squirel raping another squirel, I know it was getting raped, because the squirel was blowing her rape whistle
Give thanks for The Godfather on TV right now.
Totally just got the heebie jeebies from that
But yeah, if folks listen & play by the rules of civil discussion, I enjoy intelligent discourse across divides of opinion.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 91
When you see Hi Jeremy and u don't think of Candace&Jeremy or Mr. Slushy Dog but of
I can be your new advisor if you'd like
Breaking: 30 players have now committed to $1 million buy-in event at the 2012 World Series of Poker.
Congrats to 2012 #socialmedia award finalists , , , , , & !
Sorry for the wait...on weezythanxyou.com. Free!!!!!!!!!!!
good lord,...... my twitter feed is going crazy
S/o 2 Cuzzo ....He got big plans on makin it 2 the top....Grabbing 4 success is Reaching 4 greatness....
lol expert game..
absolutely interested
A great night of sleep really helps to clarify the possibilities of today
I love your guys website! You look like you do excellent work!
Who winds the watchmen?
Tine to start to do face for tonite show over at The Palms Bar in weho :-)
now you are talking! Food and art!
Social Network is a good movie!!
off from practice this week. find me on
Early voting begins tomorrow at 441 4th St. NW! Mark your calendar and be sure to cast your write in vote for Adrian #Fenty for
I'll be in town for the Microsoft convention but I'll also be doing some scouting for a reality show about cocktails
Just do it super fast!!! Then run away making your farm animal noises!! ahaha :))<3
Calm down I'm planning to come out to Tampa the 12-15 Sept. Please ink me in. &%$# lol can't wait.
#UPA2012 has ONE exhibit booth left available in the hall. If interested, DM us immediately for details.
Breakfast with the grandma :)
hey! awesome art show today at 29th and Lyndale at the VFW
Just got over my post-Brewers hang over, lets see whats on TV...oh, hi
it wasn't in the least bit close lol
How much do you charge for your Twitter advertisements?
congrats to glad I already got my event in there, fundraising for the
such a good night last night :)
Before there was bumf, there was Bumfuck, Egypt.
then i won't stop in Vegas...LOL
I haven't had coffee in a while. I kinda missed it. :)
HAPPY NEW YEAR JUSTIN IN MY COUNTRY ITS ALREADY 2012 !!! WISH U ALL THE BEST
I'm a friendly person myself.
Maybe not but what if it's bad art to almost everyone?
100 years ago today James Cameron directed Titantic.
no fair! I look like Quasimoto!!!
. lottery today, it's kinda like Christmas...
YES now if only noticed us!
How to Be Successful in Real Estate Investing | Carney Properties
...and so am I, Nicole!
I'm sorry my momma don't hand me money at the drop of a hat. Some of us aren't spoiled like you. Thankyou.
Design your Business Cards to fit your style and personality. Black Business Card Printing make any business more professional yet...
Lets get this money then lets make it stack
What did you read this weekend?
Everything .. even music!
when you order online on dominoes, you now have the option to share your gluttony on FB. i know, i just did. fml
I hope you are not drinking wine through a straw!
Wow. Already tied high temp for day at noon. Gonna be a hot one.
Enjoyed a great evening at the Braxton County Senior Center with many friends. Thanks to everyone for making the evening such a success!
At least we kept Reggie. I guess he couldn't handle the altitude in Denver.
told my sister about the drama in 11th grade and shes like "you all need group counseling or something."
Oohh thanks, we need to catch up after Moldova then. (Thanks )
you guys are the bomb!
he's a cutie.
BRAVO, , for an amazing concert and ESPECIALLY Respighi's Pines of Rome-- my ears are still ringing from the antiphonal brass!
This is probably the easiest job ever for $15/hour. I love politics.
Better in time <3
Its Snowing!!! Lets think Spring.... What is your favorite piece from our spring line?
Yeah, yeah, yeah but you've played 3 more games than we have. I hate that. Why such diff in GP?!?
This. #ReasonsILoveTwitter RT Im wearing a Red Polo to my visit in KC today. Is that a little too obvious?
would still be being played in backyards or in the streets of the neighborhood or at the very least seats would still be under $100 a pop
The cat food...or the cat?!
how? How did you getting add her???
can't u block them?!?
#40dollars will get you 1/250th of a seat at an Obama fund raising event.
RT : RT : If you help me get to 9k followers today I'll post a new song on my tumblr :)
not too sure yet!
i needed a fashion fix this morning. stay tuned for more
sometimes getting what you want comes in very strange ways... willing to accept it today....
Okay back on the bus /: another 4 hours at least -.-
all i want to eat today is bagels. #pointlessfoodupdate -lisa
Thanks for another incredible night. Having a great time at the hennessy event! Tasty drinks great atmosphere definitely
"I don't take 'em out to eat, I ain't here to trick or treat, I ain't trying to fix your weave..."
Nice block!
BOGO, buy one, get one free.You should def stop by :) RT any promos going on? Never visited your salon but would love to...
Ahh!!!Shopping makes me so happy =) <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0>
Awww come on bud. Friendly rivalry :-) So how bout them Pats? :-) Just messing with ya
heard on radio that $$ cuts = loss of 167 NPD officers...Tru? What % of total? Trenton has crime spike because of cuts.
idk the name. all it said was "Drake Beat."
just rocked it at the action research conference!
There's always next week. Or the week after. Happy birthday to your dad!
Lake Austin Spa called - whoot!
Man work is going by so slow. <OVER THE LIMIT12>
Watching on the Bob and Tom Show. Always funny as hell, no matter how many times you've heard the songs.
I miss you.
faded faded faded but you can bet that im not booty callin'
this is some wack ass shit :O
hope you all had a very merry Christmas w all your loved ones! I am so thankful for the gift! miss you!
I feel like being a bitch today
Ex-Kan. senator feels &#39;vindicated&#39; in racing case
This workshop looks amazing. Thanks for sharing the link. Sounds like I'm due for a trip to NY.
that is such a terrible song lol
fuck you clown!!!
I gotta be doing something wrong....
not a problem. Thank you for Toxie!
On the way to my two lil brother's last soccer game!(:
We're HIRING! RECRUITING OR SALES experience? Call me @ 813-207-2871
Welcome to Twitter! I take a long time to answer tweets usually, so don't think I'm ignoring you if time goes by.
I think Joaquin Arias likes it in a Giants uni.
too nice out to be in the office
Skydiving. Or a threesome. But mostly skydiving.
Appologies - The Oxford rower is fine!
Hawaiian Poke Bowl is bring it today! Come eat! #Raw fish, Shoyu poke or spicy bowl not roll!! #ahi or #salmon! Santa Teresa Kaiser Market!
GOD FOLLOW ME *o*
I hate being a girl.
Outside having an ice cream cone..
If you're still playing music on your website, you may have fallen into a hot tub time machine...
'the holiday' & wrapping presents :)
Turiaff Fuckin Trash..Ill Bus His Ass Doe
going to marion!
other than my back I'm doing great! Doing music all day long:)
WorkiN never chilliN... till I get a Million
Poor baby! I hope she's ok!
You guys should totally show Fast Times With MJR on TV it's a pretty funny YouTube Series/ Viral Video
India Trip Fact #7: Most of India’s poorest are from the Dalit/Bahujan/Scheduled Castes and tribes.
I see you will be at #Withit Me too! See you there!
when someone stops texting you to go tweet...m -___-
everyone tweet #MahoneOnEllen !
#Bruins and #Capitals headed to overtime in Game 7.
you and them Micky mouse boxers lmao
hahah everything made about them is beautiful
Can't wait to work with my babe in the a.m.
. Also, did I mention that Brice (co-owner) just took 3rd in the Asia Regionals?
yes... run by me and some partners. U need to get a copy!
i no rite but its not as good as facebook or myspace
Thanks! Looking forward to seeing your pics.
Louis threw carrots at me, because I love carrots. Seems legit.
Sunday night Internet on the West Coast turns into an endless set of spoilers of shows I can't have even watched yet.
Is anybody else watching this hot mess on
I hate waking up early and not being able to go back to sleep
I Like your videos, great stuff and a good sense of humor
What's everyone up to tongiht?
Let him that would move the world- first move himself. ~Socrates
“: Good Morning Sale! 40% off - online and in store! Through May 11” - see you soon!
Jam tommorrow! A new song introduced perhaps??? :0
I hate when people ignore me when i ask a question /:
Our speaker is an expert on blood splatters, wrote a book that *might be coming to a Hollywood screen near you!
Senior pix tomorrow instead of Marta ugh
Instructional designers in the 2.0 workd are being disintermediated as travel agents were in the 1.0 world. You use them for special times.
And recognition. RT : RT : Q5: Visibility is a critical step toward accessibility.
I liked you>>I stalked you>>you get a girlfriend
Young: Let's talk about the cost -- sometimes it *is* important to be between consumers and their doctors.
Crazy, but true, now that's not saying that her sales were not kicking in while on stage.
Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world. Archimedes
In/Ex/Periential geography. Roll through and in. Mouthes all. Slippery mouth, too tense to :: Otherwise, the nausea bones inside.
Hope all goes well tomorrow!!!!!
Thanks for S/O let us know what you think!
Oh California, how I've missed you so!
The contestants check in to the competition today! Which means I'll be constantly checking twitter for updates.
thanks! Just got some boba tea and loving hut. Disney tomorrow!
oh yeah- you just sent me a nice note about meeting!
I've been busy .. busy but always enjoy your tweets. We really ought to meet in person and get you on the show!
I'm better off without you
Love your attitude on playing tennis! Keep it up, it won't go unnoticed! Do you have a profile on www.berecruited.com?
You need to write a book! Your tweets fascinate me
Read the article: 'Finding Rembrandt? Place, history, experience, and the individual' Free Today at www.maney.co.uk/language/literature
I hate that my mom waits till we get in the car & I'm already comfy . . . Jammin . . to tell me that she forgot somethingg .
Anyone else have an #iPhone 4 battery go from great to terrible for no obvious reason at about a year and a half old?
I am loving reading your case studies on your website! You are very accomplished and creative!
BOO! Did we scare you? Get excited for some fun this month including a #KrispyKreme Doughnut pumpkin carving contest! Details to follow.
I'm slow this morning...
Early start in the morning! Making lunch for 67 people! My family is WAY to big!
Still a Lakers fan? Great pickup of Sessions today...
currently joining a gym so i could get swole & fuck johanser up (-:
One life gift that often gets overlooked: perspective. Such a mighty tool, seeing the past/present through new + enlightening perspectives.
: The key to feedback - plug the output into the input.
I'm fairly certain that forty five minutes is an unacceptable amount of time for a Google Docs document to open.
RT - Why is it whenever the #Patriots go into Miami someone winds up fired? First the #Dolphins Special Teams coach now ...
No matter the year or circumstances, prom brings night to remember Since we’re smack dab in the middle of the Fox Valley’s 2
oh yeah. gotta watch the tweets. sorry if i spoiled!
love it!!
Good news on Axford. They stopped his wife's contractions (she was due in early June, I believe). Ax should be here later today.
So afterparty this time- hanging out with
Bleach is the best anime I`ve ever seen!!
“: "South Detroit" line in "Don't Stop Believin" is 3 decades, not of "poetic license," but rather "poetic fraud" by Journey.”
Happy Mother's Day!
**$^#$%^&!! I knew the political junkie trivia question this week -- if only I'd been listening live! I WANT MY SHIRT, KEN!
British researchers stop brain cell death in mice with brain disease. Research may help Alzheimer and Parkinson disease.
This guy just said our new brand "is not Tim Burton". THANKS THATS HELPFUL.
GOD IS ALL ABOUT PEOPLE!!
Just got my skin it in. It's the best present EVER. Everyone really needs to buy one. You won't regret it.
That was a joy of a game to listen to. Thanks Ueck and
I follow back but I also unfollow if I see too much stuff on my timeline I don't like, and you're never in my mentions
Fiday and Saturday - Oct 21 + 22 FREE ADMISSION - Washington Park United Methodist
follow me
shout out 2 my new follower
Tomorrow night: Thai Tom -> Alison Bechdel reading -> The-Dream = best possible Friday in the U-District.
Is it bad that when my mom asked what color my hair will be, I just laughed maniacally?
I Almost Ran Into The Door
. What does it mean for 17 ppl to be arrested for 'being radical'? Were they arrested for DOING anything? Just looking for real info.
tattooing, coors, haircuts, bob seger, dying phone ugh
Aw , I Thought About Coming . , Where My Tshirt At ?
and copying my paper lol
plane crash scene in Foreign Correspondent RT : Hitchcock took credit for devising this amazing shot himself
": smh" why you gettin an attitude?
My mom isn't here for Mother's Day. She's in California.
FLOOD WATCH: Possible thunderstorms for Kauai & Oahu
Who else here thinks Terry Richardson is grossly overrated as a photographer?
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 18
Excellent! RT: : Check out Makes me want 2 travel!”
rain rain go to Spain.....
Today has been quite the day
Thanks David! I think people will really like the new album. I'm not even done and the songs are already doing well.
Dnt be a bully , who takes purses you damn old ....that's why you alone now hoe
quote of the day: "Colorado River mud is clear too"
Taking Austin home. :P <3
there is so much wrong with that scene you don't even know.
Great Townhomes for sale in Fort Lauderdale. Contact us for info
#20ThingsAboutMe... Well one is I love to bake!
jorge: Dark clouds gone in Clear Lake area. Little traffic heading South on I-45. No signs of power.
Please Follow this supporting mahomie NOW>>>> (:
RT RT : Tim Tebow considers cursing for the first time ever. Peyton decides Denver.
Stringers provide unique perspective - Tallahassee Democrat (blog)
#shoutout #M_U_S_T_F_O_L_L_O_W ... thanks for the support Tim and
If you dig boxing and good drama, the FX series "Lights Out" is available now on Netflix Instant. Good stuff. (cc: )
that was my number two reworded. Sometimes its ok to watch without analyzing every play...
Rip Clip D
Studio ready
Seein not making it 2 the finals of #DWTS was as nerve breaking as the last play of SB XLV At least 1 of them had happy end
Sunday Jazz Brunch @ The Andaluz starts TOMORROW! $24 gets your great music and great food!! Be there!!
no, sir. Not bad.
two of my favorite things: and !
I agree. When you get down they result to isolation. It doesn't help OKC shooting 80%.
I know like she didn't give us specifics she just thinks we know everything
has come to a close. Met some great new friends. Jane's Addiction and Mutemath were my favorites. Thanks!
Desperate Housewives is SO DRAMATIC. OMG.
Forgot I was drinking regular coffee and not decaf..
Keep your hopes up high and your head down low. :p
did u get to go to the morning skate!? I'll be there tonight.
News junkies can get CNN and Fox News at the office with Business DISH! Call John at 350-6428.
Had to call police on my neighbor again.
Stay safe out there tonight Milwaukee - we aren't driving tonight, but remember to catch a free ride with Happy St. Patrick's Day!
THANK YOU FOR TUNING IN TONIGHT
- Slowest bus ever.
uh-oh! i hope you are okay!
Stacy Keibler is dressed like an oscar!
c u 2morrow at 2nd St Jazz Bar:) "JR"
cool. Congrats!
chick peas and jalapenos for lunch
Trying to figure out what you are? Some bot service?
You can tell more about a person by what he says about others than you can by what others say about him. - Anonymous
NATE MCMILLAN, FIRED!
Beat the Jazz!! GO SPURS GO!!
When a girl says they're solid cause they barely starting to be your friends yeaa right!
O lol i was finna say
i'd rather be hated for who i am, than be loved for something that i'm not
So happy for you! I also need to see Julie & Julia. I have it on hold @ the library but I think a lot of others got there 1st.
I hate if when tripplette refs #Packers games. I am always waiting for a flag after every play.
Just curious...you guys got an app in your future?
I haven't watched three shows back to back ON TV in maybe a decade. NBC got my attention tonight.
The commercial about people inventing pieces and apps for phones was good until the end when ruined it.
Of course right when im about to leave 'A Night At The Roxbury' comes on i fucking love this movie! if you havent seen it you have no life!
Insecure boy is around today? Really JT2? Ugh, k just love your Marlins, Lakers and gay black friends for the day I guess. Grrrr...
Is loving better than being loved?
enjoyed our last 7am day of the season...
boom in your face
Boston. You?
fuck you too.
I think I also bought them partly for myself, LOL, I would have died for those when I was O's age.
Anything poppin tonight for Quatro De Mayo?
well since i cant see my mentions DM me and we can talk :)
“: Hey you, yea, YOU! Man The Fuck Up and go talk to her! #comMANdments” I can think of someone who needs to do this
“: What are you waiting for, Jadae? Come see us for lunch or dinner!” lol, ok
Too legit #SEC RT : Personnel security passed. Almost a legitimate bureaucrat.
damn that makes me miss NY
I'm adding you as a friend too if you don't mind. Trying to gather up my key constituents ;)
yeah it does. That's just a part of life.
Found a bird with a broken wing in my yard and I don't know what to do
alright I'm going to work on it now!!
Pissed I lost my phone last night fucking wit my husband drunk ass!
The woman that was in the bathtub in her wedding gown?
- thanks for the great post!!
“: #GordenBombay #quack is now trending in Indianapolis ”
lmao I know right we can't hang lol smh I still trip off the fact that I'm 22
The family - that dear octopus from whose tentacles we never quite escape, nor, in our inmost hearts, ever quite wish to. ~Dodie Smith
Pumped to prep for tonight w/ +
My mom told me there are going to be plenty of men in college & i shouldnt settle right away but i should play the field
Okay thanks! I get my new phone tomorrow (: It's about time too, I've missed iittt haha.
Just found more fodder for writing blog posts. I guess I need to get to writing.
why are we what? ;D
I def understand priviledge but feel that in this case one should make films to make one's voice heard w/out silencing others
The only thing that will make me a little more happy today is 's pictures!
In a tanning salon with and the things I do with my friends(:
USA/France from Worlds is on NBCSN right now.
The CityCenter at 735 and Consolidated Construction won the IB Commercial Design Award for Best Rennovation- Retail 2012 for Gold's Gym!
nice to meet u too(x
« Breathe, Stretch, Shake .. Let it go ..»
alright. Tip me good cause Ima be a waitress lol
Looking for a new outfit. Want to try out something unusual.
Smokey treats. I need to quit.
I love how signs her name (:*PerfectLil'Angel*:) but then you meet her.....(: I'm just kiddin' lol!(:
can u skype?!
": JUSTIN AND SELENA BROKE UP?" what!? where'd you hear that!!
dont play cam wow you were caught little buddy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
: Sounds EXCITING! "Getting ready for board meetings"
bring back wine samples then you can also be
Anyone out there using , please share feedback. Looks promising, love the UI. Thanks!
if by the time the bar closes and u feel like falling down, I'll carry you home tonight.
Merry Christmas!
Yum, agreed! RT Brooklyn Girl, The Craftsman and Herringbone!
Wishing everyone a Happy Thanksgiving! Have a great holiday :)
I am writing you out of exasperation. I don't know what to do next. I borrowed against the equity in my home and spent the money.
looking forward to meeting everyone, look for me !
": My life in a country song, part MMMCMLXXXIII: "She Only Loves Me (When I'm Leaving)" by Nick Verzosa." Love it!!
i will
HAHAHAHAHA that was well played
hi! I'm great thanks :) how are you?
I follow u on a probationary period in hopes u tweet bullets of knowledge and hilarity that blows my brains out
Has anyone tried Mohdoh from Australia? It's an aromatherapy dough that you knead to release the scent. Let us know if you've tried it.
Goodmorning love hope you have a good day <<<<<<<<<======== this text message I received this morning... :-)
aight then let's tpain a gospel song lol
Going to Theo...be back later guys :)
“: my favorite of hers is Believe.” omg. I Believe you got the wrong girl. Lol.
oh thats my email address
Thank you! :)
Calling coast to coast for people who want their own #homebasedbusiness. Mikebanningchocolate.com
what!!!!??? 260 for them is crazy fam but I guess it is what it is
they said university of Baltimore and Michigan state :)
being tall
Off to #Jamaica any events going on this week?
lol were we watching the same show? All I saw was "Talkin" and last episode she ran into da camera man faking a fight
Who wants to the golf range with me?
I never thought we'd get that many followers in that short period of time.#NEVERSAYNEVER follow us?:))
Interested in talking to you about meeting w/Holder for L.A. Times drop me a line if you can talk
#first40songsonshuffle 22. mission district - so over you
Keep following
Are you bringing your catchers gear tomorrow?
^You will bring them in and plant them °on the mountain of your inheritance— °the place, LORD, you made for your dwelling, °the...
High Fructose Corn Syrup!?!
at the homies… cali buds the best
Hope everyone had an awesome Halloween :]
Trying to learn and grind out omaha on PokerStars building my bankroll up on that site. I do better in tournaments on the site.
he is a bit creepy
#highschoolmemories late nights at Seneca golf course and many other after dark shenanigans w/ all my boys at red fox rd.
I used to be able to find flights for $120 :-(
I am doing ME now ;D LML!!! jiji
Texas A&M beat OU!! I can't believe it!!
Correction , Sexy Lite Skin.. Literally the skin >>>
Tickets to Russian River Schooners have sold out in less than a minute. Reminder, you don't need tickets for the tasting.
- I thought maybe you had another book contract? (Which would be cool...)
Colima Linda Apartment Homes are only 3.85 miles to USD..... Home of the...... Univesity Of San Diego :)
Obama: "I like coke." Fox News: "Obama declares war on Pepsi."
aw man!
Thanks for resharing my tweet!
They should let me shoot the Lord Knows video.....
home girl!
RT : #Breaking: spokesperson says fed judge has lifted stay that allowed TX to exclude their clinics from #WHP. Stay...
Too much Visine?
We FINALLY found a supplier of speciality gear that will save clients tons of money with our new... oops, we haven't announced that yet. =)
Work needs to end..
Congrats on your new job! Next time I'm in the bay area, I'll let you know! :)
#SaveMoney w/ #GiftCards! Restaurant.com save up to 60% off + 12% cash back. GiftCards.com save up to 25% off + 2% cash back.
You're annoying go away.
hey hannah! hows boston treating you?
Harry, you light up my world like nobody else. The way you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed <3
What are you doin right now? Fifa? What is doin? Wanna chill for a bit?
Live and let live.
It's nice outside outside now, windy and not sunny
Today is my son's birthday. He is turning 11! Happy BD Julian!
"should he get a pass?" SMDH RT : Lol already tryin to make a built in excuse if 6 doesn't win bc of the bosh injury. No.
#LakerFansRunTwitter y'all don't run shit but ya mouths ! ! !
LA smells like popcorn. It IS just like the movies.
It'd be better if you followed me.<3
A BIG Thank you from the FCS!
Have a great weekend everyone!!
Hit my limit on following peeps on Twitter....again...
Doing a booksigning today at the Barnes & Noble at the Arlington (Texas) Parks Mall from 1 to 3.
“: About 25% of our menu usually is or can be made vegan. Love to celebrate with you!” yes!
GO GET EM PEYTON ! SHOW EM WHO'S BOSS.
Bachman promises to get gas down to $2/gallon. Right after she prays away all the gay.
Coming soon: voting for on our new tees! Huzzah!
you would be proud. Today my purchases in chitown= hot pink jeans + 2 neon bracelets + neon yellow rebecca minkoff purse :D
following back
Guess they figured it was fair game since that is what AT&T did when iPhone came out. Not like ppl need reason to leave AT&T.
you're silly
I will, thanks
Ah okay SO you mad at me now ? Thats how it is up in here /////// -___________________________________________-
Proudly turning in my dockside card
YAY! We can't wait to see you! RT : in 5 days i will be home sweet home eating monicals, shopping in champaign, chillin with...
can you follow me? just sayin. cause. idk, i love you.
Mane he got dat wrap around d*ck
On time-to-degree: like so many other recent #HigherEd issues, this strikes me as our equivalent of redlining. 1/2
Agreed +100 :-D
come visit!
loved that other video on the same site: "gas falls below $3 throughout the nation" - maybe they should update?
just had 1 bout an hour ago was delish but order w/ xtra kraut :)
Allen Iverson will go down as one of the "greatest" scorers in NBA history. But can you consider that "greatness"?
Pretty #FiredUp that I gotta miss out, guess I'll have to make up for it another time. #ThereItIs!
That worst part is, I've liked him since like 3rd grade.
Happy 21st birthday to ! He's so hot.
YEP! ROTFLSHTMTFSICATWTGAT (rolling on the floor laughing so hard that my taco fell so i cried and then went to get another taco)
Baby with all these bitches and all these hoes, you never know how this shit might go.
Could you make today the best day of my life and follow mee? I'll buy ya Nandos (x lmao thank you!
Our fireplaces are all carved out of marble travertine stone. Anything you can dream up, we can do.
does this look familiar?
Wheres the police when you need them ?
It's not letting a lot of people log in, so we can't see a show we paid money for.
I'm that type of person that wants to get good grades,but doesn't want to study..:D
I just can't believe it and it was just during a stupid practice too!
Please RT: LIKE us on our new Facebook page. We will be consistently posting behind the scenes and more! www.facebook.com/VictoryProductions
masters in our hands today for next release. Remaindermen's border states set for June 15 release!
Jake Rothschild RED ALERT!!!! Jake's Ice Creams & Sorbets is open Friday and Saturday until MIDNIGHT!!!! and until 10 pm on Sunday
Don't be mean to Vickie, King!
Never pay for Groceries again, www.gasandfoodvideo.com I will supply you with 125 leads a week, Enroll at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd
Now following. I'd love a follow back please!
Kids, I can't wait. See y'all tomorrow - all aboard!
Looks like Olivo's turn to take the reins, as Figgins, Mesa, DeLucia & Schooler did before him.
That is why both appeared today while "challenging jurisdiction"
fair enough. I'm happy to discuss it if you change your mind!
We love photogrpahing jewelry!
I got 16 and 20 (Liason) in a pool, lady has 11 (Alpha). Not expecting much
I need an easy, delicious dessert to make with a 10 year-old tonight...ideas?
Dirk is the man
Where's the pic of Dave in a speedo?
the CU Amtrak station started with 4 poor reviews (3 of which were 1 star), followed by three 5-star ratings, 2 of which are w/in 24 hrs
Havent Been On This Account In A Loooonng Time (:
of what
what you mean, he's a stunt
SASSY PANTS
": Yes, I do have the right to say long hair don't care because my hair is long af."
Thanks! New at this blog stuff... learning on the fly!
"They lost him. He was gone."
I feel humored.
I don't even wanna consume water anymore.
I have always depended on the kindness of strangers. ~ Tennessee Williams
“: its so chunky” it's phat.
Imagine that...John Bolton was the most reasonable at CPAC.
Oh yes, District is quite popular! You have excellent taste sir!
Bug a boo >> forgot about this JAM lol
Oh how I love. LOVE<3
Thank you. I am following you too.
Finally a little sunshine in PDX...
told you gonna happen again like that next game
I just saw the cutest set a of twins...*sighs* One Day....<U+263A>
Happy Anniversary!
tequila, neat is the next best thing :)
My favorite AC memory: after hearing me in class, says "You practice a lot, don't you?" (It did NOT sound like a compliment.)
Glad no ish went down with her
My brother makes me want to smack him... repeatedly ...
Twitter welcomes "Mr. Happy Hour," the Titan of Telegraph Hill - Mr. Myles Cameron! Now be sure to go see "Midnight in Paris"
Elway on Dawkins: "He'll be missed".
*takes a fast shower, gets ready quickly, smiling big because i get to see Jason again*
I also found it odd that the "slayer" had the same habit of "slaying" sentence structure as the person he wrote the letter to.
You're the only one who knows if I'm a good kisser or not :$
ha!!! That's so funny, Kim! Cool stuff.
because i wanted you to see it
Astronomers do it in voids.
you are followed !
You Are SO Cute !! (: IFreaking Love You .
MADISON (AP) -- GAB will not accept reviews of recall petitions by anyone other than targeted office holders.
I love avery . Her covers are just amazing. And originals are better then her covers.
Live To Give - Free Money For These people - Week 2 - www.BrianEZimmerman.com Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
With one eye you are looking at the outside world, while with the other you are looking within yourself. – Amedeo Modigliani
Hooray the Kings of Leon are playing tonight! Are you going?
Cool idea. I like Moyer's 3-legged stool. Design Truck--providing stylish designer seating while you dine at local food trucks!
thank you very much(:
lol cool I'm about to saw my sister the new jb video
Peter Marsh at #SNIPSummit - the most valuable data are myth-busters that show a long-held belief is wrong. Unapplied data is merely trivia
Boxing needs a Mayweather-Pacquiao fight. Both fighters need 2realize they have the power 2revive the sport.
Something is wrong with my dog :'(
You know you're a music nerd when: your doodle turns out to be the circle of fifths.
Yes, I'm not really feelin it. Do you have something awesome to do?!
": I think imma just put this track out." I Say Hell Yeah, Fuccin Right Damn Right!!
I don't even know if I have school 2mrw
Is Oakland Mayor Jean Quan an opportunistic, flip-flopping politician, or has she seen the light?
That's ok. Everyone does. They think they don't, but they do.
now to write the billions of papers I have to do >.>
Sweet baby christmas, this fat mans snoring is far too loud and crazy for a human. I need a pokeflute asap
when u down go talk to sum crack heads real funny they made my day
Hey punch me in the face so I can get some fuckin sleep!
I think should date instead of
I know my days of the week shhhhhhh
But rich wouldn't pay their fair share under flat tax.
can't wait to visit the shop in Marciachi Plaza! We'll have to do some playing there...
New Nakate came in today. So many fun bright colors!! Check out the snap shots <3
wouldn't it be epic? Theyre my 2 favorite artists right now!!! Plus Hannah and Zach would sound AHMAZING together :P
I need the best bang for the buck Tripod, that does it all! where do I start?
WHO IN THE HELL TOLD NICKI MINAJ THAT SHE CAN SING??? #tragic!!!
Yes! These winter blues need to hit the road ASAP!
I know me too it is too cute
Miami Heat will be in the bonus to start Game 2! That'll teach the Pacers to challenge my authority!!!
Can I get a...“: Ah mani pedis with if this isn't #qualityoflife I don't know what is :)”
How'd you ask>
A3 ACC can last as basketball first because it has the two best long-term teams in Duke and UNC. All else is football first.
i know your gonna make it tonight and every other night after this if it's God's will!!! praying for you! amazing performance!
was up
'God only gives good gifts... but sometimes they come in really hard packages..' - / Such a good word this AM.
RT PIPA raises serious concerns about our civil liberties. That’s why next week I plan to oppose the current #PIPA bill.
I was a few minutes late doll, AS USUAL! LOL! Still when I got he said JUST ! MORE HOUR! Checking 2 C if he replied. LOL
Seriously my dude's T-shirts are super dope, get in on the ground floor www.finallyhip.com
you made my day fam. What should music sound like but anything less than your heart?
I prefer my pity parties with vodka and
Well let c if the #Bulls have any heart. Just can't believe there down to n 8th seed. I understand the injuries but there better the that.
nothing wrong with being happy when my teams beat Redsox Yankees steelers patriots colts & duke
Sittin in ap and the omg girls came on kinda funi to see evrybodi's face
Sounds good. Hopefully work is calm enough to give us a few minutes.
Happy Mothers Day
#haveuever driven a car through a barbwire fence into a cow field in the middle of the night while fryin balls on acid?
This Sunday @ the DC Jazz Loft with Herman Burney (bs), Reginald Cyntje (Trmbne), Victor Provost (Steel Pan) myself (drums) 7pm start time.
I thought you were the anti-Kortlun???
Heading on a vacation? Give your appliances a break too: unplug/ turn off all you can and set heat at 55, lower water heater temps to save!
S/O to all my new followers :-) happy Monday everyone! Hollow me on instagram lots of pics
damn man. I'm um sorry to see that.
Great success in creating a new interactive drama approach for our latest production. Will launch in Jan.
so it's his birthday. i wanna say happy birthday, but we "fell out" smh. tragic.
she is right, you would hate it. But in that "Let's get wasted and throw a breakdown at the bridge" way.
RT : tonight. & perfect monday night.
Nice to see you! Things are great here. Funny to run into while I was dining with three other GSLIS folks - small world!
Where's my Drink :)
Veterans connect with available benefits from federal, state & local agencies at free seminar May 5, 1-3pm at John D Dingell VA Medical Ctr.
Clone himself and get Mike Brown fired. “: For the Lakers to win tonight, Kobe needs to _________”
It's been exactly a year since has followed me :D #neversaynever #someday he will follow u guys :) 9•4•10 @ 11:55 am :D
Hi, I had my iphone 4 replaced by Apple, but now I cant download infinifolders that I paid for. Can you help please? Thanks...
At the open hacker house: archivd.com/open-hacker-house
I love you, not just for now, but for always, and I dream of the day that you’ll take me in your arms again.
rebecca black is to pop what alexandra wallace is to asian-america. unwitting one-offs perfectly embodying the stereotypical oppressor.
I am still amazed by the snow, I am like a child and want to go outside make snow angels!
RT : wonder what happen to
#3WordsOfAdvice let's go caps
I wanna go somewhere right now
Merseyside museums at risk of major cuts: Central government's pinch on funding may hit the new Museum of Liverp..
Soaked in awesomeness and baked in wisdom. Love this season hate the constant commercial breaks. Burt Cooper on $ was amazing.
BITCH IF YOU DONT LIKE IT THEN SAY SOMETHING OR JUST GET OVER IT
thanx 4 heads up can u email w/specifics? I did test in firefox & not seeing an issue 2 fix
The laughs we had playing Twister in Spanish today >>
looking for cougars? Try the Pearl on a Friday night. OH!
Ours just came back on, it was out for over 30 minutes... Something exploded and then total darkness...
you unfollowing me now??
RT There are four steps to happiness: 1. You, 2. Me, 3. Our Hearts, 4. Together! <U+2665>
My third and final panel at AFS. I so want to smoke.
nordic trak!? our beats are stale! lets look at some new tracks next week. i am down to change it up
The format of the discussion tool itself is part of the problem with social networking in education.
Questions about President Kerwin's Campus Plan e-mail? Ask us! Administration and Local News Editor is our Campus Plan wonk.
When gets 5K followers my boyfriend gets anal
Chance for showers diminishing. We can't rule out the slight chance for a few more showers overnight & into Sunday, especially for SE Ohio.
Christian music really changes lives everywhere. If you enjoy it, you should check us out!
Hands down my favorite movie of all time. RT Gladiator
watch weiner circle on trutv where you can, when you can.
Do you need me to go with you? I could remind you of things you forget. lol Knock it out the park & safe travels
Keep pushing toward your dreams. You are almost at the finish line!
Sassy Megan is kinda likeable.
Wow!! Man City
All in a day's work: I'm working with a client to install Sharing Tools on their website. Get visitors to SHARE what they LIKE with friends.
We are excited to be with A World For Children today at the Launching Dreams conference. Come visit our table and say hi!
Sal:"now she want a photo, im making brownies." With hahaha
BOUT TO FUCK WITH MY LIL BRO 4 TONIGHT......ITS HIS B-DAY........LOVE U NIGGA
well they said they were going to have something special for us. So maybe it's not a concert maybe it's a meet and greet
I feel like not having exams until mid-week is like having a bye in the playoffs. You dont know the atmosphere or how prepared you are.
Oh my karen oh my karen - plankton me and my lil bro singing
Throwing random things @ people & looking away like you ain't do it >
omg thats so adorable. Oh how you make me laugh :)
Fr some reason I still can't DM u back. I'm on AM1160 M-F, 3to5p. Producing a daily talk show called 180 w Karl Clauson.
As far as we know people always thought that real estate investment is a good thing to do and can possibly lead the way to one's succ...
Can't wait for tonight!
is your # still the same?
And shame on me for not thinking that. Or automatically following them.
I checked out creepy instagram guy. Very creepy.
Hope friends in the Cape area consider stopping by - 10% of today's sales goes to #bigbrobigsis. #BeThere for food and fun!
Great Post!
And I am done with my graceless heart, so tonight I'm going to cut it out and restart.
Chapter 2012 Page 40 of 366 Creative juices are flowing...finding new ways to put more money IN my client's pocket.
Can't wait to unveil the exhibit booth we created with and The Witmer Group!!!
Johnathan can't say my name so he always be like "Aye Lil Girl!" Lmfao
Oh my. Wow. RT #Pens just announced they will have Monday OFF. No practice.
how was that for stalking?(:
Taylor says I'm reem. :)
BRGO BUZZING HARD PEEPS EXPECTING Q3 NUMBERS TO KILL PREVIOUS EARNINGS! HEARING IT'S A 3 WEEK MOMO PLAY LEADING INTO #'s. HUGE IMO =)
You're wrong. 9: LA wants it more... :( goodnight
so from what i see, last nights show was amazing! too bad i live in chicago, maybe ill have to fly out to arizona for a show..
F-L-O-R-I-D-A S-T-A-T-E..... Florida State, Florida State, Florida State... WHO!!!!! Big Basketball & Baseball Wins. Great day 2 B a NOLE!
Gotta come back big time
YES way to go!
Great season. Sweet 16 is a great accomplishment & something every senior will always remember. Big things ahead 4 u guys
You need to realize that being a slut isn't attractive
That Monday was a kick in the teeth. Hopefully a run will make it better and not worse.
Tarzan it is baby! Don't lie to yourself. You know you adore the loincloth. Hahaha ~ P.S. I MISS YOU MORE!
Here we go USA!
O is it a download card featured at Starbucks? I'll go grab a photo of it during lunch/after work! :)
Can't believe the product just auditioned for. It's something people got rid of/canceled big time about 5 years ago.True test of Advertising
You can be anything you want to be. Don't let the pressures of society tell you otherwise.
wow were you off!
Just got out of rehearsal! Tired and Hungry
Absolutely, & that is my message. I often wonder if those society refers to as "Special Needs" are in fact the angels among us
Dang..reminds me of a quote from the Godfather: "Just when I thought I was out...they pull me back in"
I hope he's with the Ms for a long, long time.
#ihateitwhenimdrivingand some idiot pulls out in front me. at least get to the speed im going.
you being naked is my fault? That I can live with
No drama this year :)
Cohen: We can cut violence now by 50% in any city w/o more $ by reprioritizing and political will.
A strong girl keeps her stuff in line, and with tears running down her face, she still manages to whisper the simple words, "I'm fine."
Bruce P at Raymond James says mobility and portability critical when considering edge protection.
Hey, I didn't know you had a workout in the Nike Training Club app! So cool! Can't wait to unlock it :)
About to go to church.
Been waiting for the counselor for almost 20 min
DOWNLOAD FASTER COME ON
Fake it till you make it. Act as if you expect to be accepted, and you will be. This will boost your self confidence!
Always believe that something wonderful is about to happen...
It's now open for Manning and Wayne or Garçon in Miami
: Yes! Hawaii over work? No complaints there! A bittersweet home coming I'm sure. Thanks and good luck with the #jetlag!
cheer up buttercup <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> bestani loves you!!
Please, please let her have dropped out of an Education Connection college.
next week is my last week there tho,
Lucky you (x2)
I literally sat there and smiled like an idiot. He was like you smile a lot...
awww... Hope she feels better soon and that u have a wonderful day!
Tat in 2 weeks turn 16 in a few days an a job at KI (: Let's go #hyped for my tat(: <3
I fucking love
Your heart rate should be neither too slow nor too fast
Great example of why we need GPO & FDLP - searched for 2008 pub on bioethics commission site w/ no luck - then found PURL thanks to GPO!
Juss seen the Funniest Miller Lite Commercial eVER ! XD.
It's Saturday so that means Beachers w/ & maybe
right now im lonely...but at least i have my music :D
i should not be getting so mad so E.Z ..i should be forgetting things this early.i shouldnt be so stressed..i shouldnt be so lost.
' My room Hella cracking rite now!!
I'm gonna change lanes now... OH NO WAIT JUST KIDDING!
Had a great band practice last night... gearin up to drop some great tunes at SummerDance next weekend. But for now...enjoying the day off!
Fuuuck finally on break. Now to sit at subway for an hour :).
true, but for me its more of a lack of faith in the scouting / player development.
and i kinda feel bad for Andrus because i know he's gunna get hurt tomorrow.
Everyone talking about how good prom was Friday is making me depressed I didn't go
#row11 my flight to SFO wont be the same w/o yall. #amsterdamflightdeck2012injuly =
This looks like a great opportunity.
I attended your speaking engagement yesterday . I am a female biz owner and your points are empowering.
Haven't been on twitter for a few days.. what did i miss D:
This whole day been fucked up
Nice to meet you! Hope you like our EP :P
so jealous right now!
Absolutely correct Doug!
story tellers
what it dew my dude???...man just grindin hard...workin on sum things...
Like how I grew to channel my aggressions so I may, fight the last opportunity to see fit distractions which haven’t bothered me at all
lmao I will never get caught!
not totally sure yet, I think everyone's coming over. I'm working for a while. I can call you after. Or you can call Damin.
#IKnowThisOneGirl who acts like everything is fine but at night when she's alone. She cries her self to sleep.
What are the odds that gets a kit sponsor before the season starts?
What did you think? I've been sitting on most of a 6 pack of that for months. I was very disappointed how flat & plain it tastes
im fucked up, i miss you too
Buck is starting to lose me. No #Reimold in today's lineup. Really?
Hey , not sure why i got unfollowed...I haven't been on here alot lately
Spent a work day at my old stomping grounds.. Felt like #home again... Minus the #operation, in my #trapaholic days...
Time for the longest 2 1/2 min of our lives.
Unless my desire is to become gratuitously followed by porn stars and spammers, I should clean up my language.
LIKE 500BOYZ FAN PAGE ON FACEBOOK.
If I died and went to hell, it'd take me about a week to realize i wasn't at school anymore
spiteful people
“: Thx , if you're at #aam2012, please come to meet-ups!” < i'll be there ... Abt 2 take survey>
!!!!!! 11:11 is my most favorite song in the whole entire world!!!!!!!!!!! #AustinToTopTen!!
Love airports that have rocking chairs. #verycool. Thank you Charlotte.
twugs n will. B glued to my tv
no long an i got it very late
what are you mean?
RT : be sure to try the Cajun Margarita! won the recipe contest there. Tonight is a...
Racing. Because football baseball bowling and golf only require one ball.
Oh um LOL things are just funny to me hahaha
I think you should have your own merchandise, like Austin, and what Alex is gonna' have!(: Follow Back?(:
RT : twitter is my favorite book
oh you know it, I can't believe how warm it was.. Love it!
did 's triple in Turkoglu's face remind you of his baller 3 vs Harrington circa '03? Got his swagger back!
Maurice Sendak molded the imagination of my childhood #In the Night Kitchen
Already quite warm on my part of the #marathon route! Many gallons of water on the sidewalk. Also, an abundance of non-rhotic accents.
Me too “ I want some wings b ..”
I just shed a tear for you :'-( RT : So jealous! No crawfish in Denver...
bottom line IU does not deserve a home & home with UK. NOT ELITE !
I Hear Music In The Air press conference April 12th 2012 10:00am at The Aronoff Center.
#Tsunami advisory extended to Oregon, Washington, parts of Alaska, coastal British Colombia (via )
Occupy Red Bank looks like a total bust. Strong "convictions" only one day a week??
I'm in love with my new phone! Iphone 4s so far is the best!
- you guys being there madee it warmer.! : ) -havee fun and be safe,!
Saw Somn From #oomf. That Made My Day When I Woke Up. I Really Miss That Guy. Bet He Misses Me Too
Working on another Museum-A-Day blog post on Oliver H. Kelly Farm
Matusz glove is stitched with Brady Anderson's name.
peeing my pants, i am so freakin excited :D.
: I will never be able to say those words.
Wow, that racial insult was so old it outlived its own social security...
Lamar needs to play better ball or either quit the show or basketball. He obviously can't do both!
Thx for the retweet and if anyone mentions they saw the RT from you and is hired you will get www.cgtpa.org/cgtpa-payout
So so full from holiday food...cannot eat another bite.
Forecast for Rest Of Today: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming mostly sunny. Areas of fog with local visibility one...
looking for twitter to give you that Blue check Yee. Morning Brooklyn Gurrrrl!!!
Congrats! Can't wait to read it. =) RT : My book is here!anunshakablebelief.com E-book is out 1st week of March on Amazon
Its so hard to let go, when you mean so much to me.
Sister-in-law made butterfinger fudge cake. Literally the best thing I have put in my mouth in 2 months. I guess you have to splurge some...
An accountant can use a company’s previous years' performance as a guide for planning for the future.
Booked up now for this weekend. Would love to do some Monday perfs in the Chopin basement lobby at some point.
Impact of choice of lining under amalgam fillings to be examined
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
Spring office cleaning day. Jealous?
Bring your game faces for some mean Apples to Apples and Just Dance 2! is making pizza so we're set!
The Spanish Room taps into every sense.Yes you can even taste it.Treat yourself to this buffet of Spain!
Can't sleep up watching movies
BangBang the cat is excited to make her TV debut this morning!
I couldn't be more proud of you, Dave was right you've got a hit on your hands. #SaySomething is beautiful and perfect like u.
Chara hit on Max Pacioretty was dirty the game misconduct was a great call you have to keep
Advantages of being in the british airways lounge? Free drinks. Rum and coke before the flight.
Before you chase rainbows and unicorns, you must believe they exist.
I might just have the best grandparents in the whole world !!!! I love my family so blessed :)))
Truer words were never spoken...too bad I already ate my whole box...
It's fucking hot has balls in here and I can't sleep. :S
finally got twitter :)
Oh, that's absolutely true. Me, for instance.
In Miami Gardens...I'll send you the flyer when dude finish
Thanks for the retweet!
“: Due to severe weather in #DFW area, there is a ground stop at Thanks for your patience. THIS SUCKS
Fab- Wolves In Sheep Clothing.
wonderful. I will email you after I get off work tonight with my schedule and we can see what will work. Thank you so much!
Do you have the link to the program? THanks
Coaches - what will your players remember after their season with you?
New follower luv his tweets
Finally got plans this weekend :D gonna be #crunk!!
Well my family is always later
Awesome! RT : Singing Beatles songs with at the Moore in Seattle tonight! Come one, come all!
how are you love.
Thanks for the follow ...
Thanks for the follow! Have you gotten the chance to join us for breakfast!? Just wondering which location!
Ma grandma is playing One Time by Justin Bieber on ze Piano! <3 AMAZING!
Tonight is #hospitality night at The Anchor Bar in #Tampa.. Come in for Half off after 7pm at your fav
Great thoughts on the future of libraries from #CliffordLynch at #wworld but I'm wary of the fact that he's not wearing a Hawaiian shirt
I got a big idea i just need a little help to make it happen
We should be able to sleep in on these trips instead of getting up at 6AM
Spent the evening with the one and only Thanks for the cupcake! Always a pleasure!
THE BEST HAS YET TO COME
my body needs a hero come n save me
I hope gas doesn't kill Obama like it killed Carter.
Thank you everyone who stopped by the booth during the SD Bay Food & Wine Festival! We met so many amazing wine lovers!!
No wonder they don't want the tax system overhauled!
The countdown to #MarchMadness is almost over. Our prime Loop location is ideal for sneaking out of the office to catch a game.
it sounds like you've had a day. Or a week. Hope your weekend begins soon.
Dr Capiluto better be at school tomorrow!!
Epiphany; Toscanini's in bed.
Congrats to all GANG video game music awards Finalists...what a great year for game music!
awesome! I'm from the USA :) did you get a reply from Jennette?
Misread your tweet & didn't see you were referring to Tucson. Our SM offers only apply to Phoenix stores! So sorry!
not when it's a damn good album....
Oh just another late night teaching at Hilbert College... ya hooooo!
Per Se! U owe me lol
Love you Pastor! Miss ya'll.
I'd like to see the sun rise but I am always in my office already.
I can tell. You're bouncing off the walls girl! Haha :)
#FF professional me: Same person, (usually) smarter tweets.
the next step is to take a podcast and create a vlog to make the learning social
happy independence day, mexico!
oops I twittered
has a one man show in Vegas?! Great day for solo performance.
Wishing you a joyful and safe New Year celebration.
Lacrosse: Northwestern loses ALC crown to Florida
Thanks for the follow; we'll do our best not to disappoint! ;)
Surprisingly I'm not that tired. Time to get ready for school!
Most Boring Sentence I Wrote Today (& perhaps ever): For the English, however, war tended to be more persistent, distinctive, and thorough.
Lmao just kidding :) RT : :o I never knew lmfao
i think a days are a liddo better than b days . i mean i see you a liddo more than b days (:
super excited to be here!
We would love to see that work but fear it will not. Nothing does. It's Target. ;)
Ah! We've been using TweetDeck, but that's great info to hear. Maybe it's time to expand to HootSuite....
LOL! My cats aren't fans of the vacuum, either! However, it has to be on and near them before they run!
Life is a bitch, so learn how to fuck it.
I am the Crocodile!
I wish I could see him Tonight.
thanks my friend, you know I appreciate that! Cant wait to get the christmas album out.
So "Carrie Diaries" is a real thing? Oh okay.
True...but that's not Puerto Rico lol.
Justice for the wives. I admire their courage! Saving Face.
+1 "a 'portal' is something you built in the 1990s... the big successful companies today are generative platforms" -
Deleting key factors to move an agenda forward equals a lie!
Yes ma'am! You can certainly pick up a friend's race packet. FYI: girls will get packets from their coaches on race day.
I don't feel good at all <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
yes this is sweet
EVERY ONE THIS IS SERIEOUS A KID IN SOMALIA AND HE IS DYING PLZ HELP HIM DONAT MONEY TO SAVE HIM LOOK FOR EARLY TWEET PIC OH HIM SO CUTE :(
Red Hot Yoga's Teacher Training program will open it's 500 RYT training next spring. More info to come!
the journey..
Keep my thoughts pure and honoring to you God.
Angry Birds was made from IBM software. 180 million copies!
For those ripping the Chalmers shot, a question: Did you watch Game 2 of the 2011 NBA Finals? All you're trying 2 do down 3 is get a clean 3
Give me what I'm asking for and I'm yours
Never had a sunburn on my legs before..... it hurts so bad! im also burned on my cheeks under my eyes and on my arms :/
Yup! That's exactly what I was hoping for. We could find some new places to seek shame and rejection!
Translation of what George Zimmerman's now-former attorneys are saying: Zimmerman has gone rogue.
you forgot to add "Part time Veggie" to your bio ....
New music from tune in
I'm al right. Don't nobody worry about me! #jamminInMyCar just let it be :)
Who are you living for? What are you living for? Clue - if it's just for u or about u...u won't be living
Buy tickets now for Crossroads Concert @ SECCA. Fri, Mar. 30. Dean&Britta play to Warhol's top 13 screen tests. www.secca/org. Hurry!
Wish I could make it for the talks, the networking, and the trip(s) to Jeni's Ice Cream. Good luck this summer!
let's go to destin
Teacher: "What do you call a person who keeps talking when people are no longer interested?" Me: "You."
where's that picture we took! hopefully its as cute when its large as it was when it was on your phone!! lol
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 51
Tinted windows are dumb.
I just learned that is 30 yo, need to head to #Canada and drink the water.
my ipod > my phone.
Hoping the NFL gets something done soon, because the Ravens schedule looks awesome.
Houston, we have a problem: RAIN, TORNADOES, FLOODING...have a great!
Doesn't Ted Phillps need to go too?
If you got the spirit stand tall, and say yes, yes, y'all. Yes, yes, y'all.
You sure, isn't out of your way? lol it was your idea, and I was just there last weekend...they had some pretty good sales :)
thanks boo love you!
pretty good. I know you make plenty of visits down here..you should actually stop in once in awhile!
Good morning Facebook frends.! quick question, What would be a better contest gift, an iPad2 or a fully optimized Website.?
she was wonderful! It's inspiring to see what can be accomplished on a social platform.
We are not in last place in delegates. Don't believe the hype. We're in this and it's wide open!
The acted like he bombed a bus full of orphans holding kittens. The rest of them got a buy.
Thanks to everyone at Kaufman, Rossin who wore jeans today to raise money for - they are a deserving organization!
Don't you just love #juniorleague training events?!
To all my star wars peeps! May the fourth be with you!
Best birthday present ever??? “: Belated birthday present for my baby, ??”
that one guy ? D?
On my way to the most beautiful place in the world, Ohio. :)
New trees planted on the Trail along Blackford street!
Watching Last years NBA finals Heat vs Mavs all I can really say its A BUNCH of BALONEY
Thanks for sharing your story and giving Davids name! RT : So great being with all of you!
#BeforeYouExit will you guys come to indiana again?:) & my twitter name is sarah fox, not sapphire hahaah (; x
Comparison shopping is indeed Read the rest of this entry »
Yes getting on the map - #Gartner will be reviewing and our products
I don't wanna leave :(
tweetdeck, I love and hate you so much
You should never let one dark cloud cover the entire sky. The sun is always shining on some part of your life. Go get a tan!
is pretty chill. I need to hang with that kid more.
just watched the directors cut of #chronicle . Loved the extra footage that built more of a bond between Andrew and Steve.
#Bars RT you ain't from russia, so bitch why you rushing (russian) hahaha
oh lol so he gettin out, jus no time soon
What do you look for in a sci fi or fantasy novel?
Haha thanks Jill, I love that song. How you been?
Attention nearby #OccupyVA folks! RT : Tomorrow's action is against the Tar Sands. Meet @ McPherson @ 5:30. Flash mob
Registering at bloomies home store!!
this teacher thought i was sniffing my nail polish bottle, lofl
All I got to say is: Massachusetts Supremacy 4 ever...best state...New Hampshire...it's like Texas on the north....
marry christmas jason. do you have to work on jesus's birthday?
I just wanna kiss you . But I can't right now so baby kiss me thru your twitter.
what did you do?
WHAT an amazing life I have. I send you all love hugs and kisses.
Back to work then off to kats!!
lol how many of you thought Dubstep was a dance?
Lol, no kidding! When the day is moving faster than you, and that list just keeps getting longer! :-)
While all of DC is at the Verizon Center tonight, and I will be at the Nats game, blissfully ignoring any Caps updates :)
Peace put Jazz.. Should have never been in the postseason period.
Miranda, thanks for listening to our stories!
soon soooooonnnn!!!! Bring my wallet
".....has not the surplus power exercised on the subjected body of the condemned man given rise to another type of duplication?" D&P, p.29
you are my biggest idol what you do is incredible visiting the sick children :) <3 so down to earth
Sure, as long as you re-write the content. Great for backlinks and traffic!
Why do we fixiate on an engineering failure like Titanic? Enough already.
FOLLOW US ALEX <U+2665><U+2665>
Always great to be w/ & talking education, workforce & economic development. Keep up the great work gentlemen.
Thanks for all of your RT's! I appreciate it!
lol I see you going in.
Well spoken
Wired World of Sports Episode 4 is now up and available on iTunes
Thanks for the hospitality. I have thoroughly enjoyed your reviews for a long time.
:) I've got to go back and listen to it. I don't remember a thing I said.
spotify ads are killing me, like every 3 songs
Yes I do! It's Just got back from Germany though, so updates are just starting up again.
no homo...
Been thinking along those lines. We should knock heads in the coming days. :)
hey were hanging dis weekend
Great 2 be with Ex-UW greats #LukeSwan & #TarekSaleh at Sturge Weber event! Great players giving back. Swan is on the links!
i hate awkward conversations with the cashiers at wal-mart
Improv funny starts 9pm at Big Dog Theater tonight!
I think that was my 10,000th tweet - I wanted it to be about something fun, one I love, a little DC, and oh, so me. : )
That man had him a good night the other night hah my n-word
I'm country strong, hard to break
thank to for following us,
psn more please
Happy Halloween everyone! :)
I knew I should have bought snow boots.
Street tacos in Old Town San Diego with #1 daughter makes my day!
Got the nicest compliment about an undergrad lecture I gave: "you did an AMAZING job; the class was buzzing on the way out :)" Aww! :)
which is why Tim+Pop will get the 1 for the thumb RT : don't have a bench, they have a second set of starters.
Had pears canned by my mom and an egg from my in-laws' chickens for breakfast.
No matter what I do this TV won't turn over. So I'm stuck watching Bargain Hunt for an hour. Mint.
Nothing bro. Haha
Does baby oil lay it down? (ok im done)
me is so very bored someone talk to me? :/
i heard nicki minaj made a sex tape with big sean, on the radio this morning :0
Soledad is one of your sorors? I had no idea lol
Zombie dreams are the best.
yeah Kornelia just told me! Is it with other bands too?
Get an iPhone Mr. Morgan. We'd then be able to appreciate your photos as much as we appreciate your words.
When dance competitions run an hour early <
I'm not anti-social, I just don't pretend to like your bullshit
1-0 Saint Peters at the end of one! Starting to become a VERY chippy game! !
Latin Night @ Sky Lounge! 2nd St. & Washington.2 Story Night Club. Party All Night!. Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, Reggeaton, Rock & top 40!!!
Now watching: Dr. Dolittle
Soirées de St. Pétersbourg ("The Saint Petersburg Dialogues", 1821), de Maistre, is a disturbing counter-enlightenment text
follow me...
how is the neighborhood? Any recent incidents or has everything been uneventful?
Can you give me a recap of the Flyers, Penguins game last night? I forget what happened, Crosby does too
Walking under the rain.... :) love it! Better than been high ... YOLO
Joel Ward, I like you but as they say in Nashville....it's all your fault, it's all your fault, it's all your fault...
Pringles: It's what's for dinner
Thanks so much for #FF! I appreciate you! Have a wonderful weekend:)
I can't help it if I enjoy affection.
ah that sounds ah-mazzzinggg lil oil, u good!!
I like your pledge, but U & I may have slightly diff goals. Youre concerned w/ getting money out of politics...
Honey, I just finished drinking breakfast. You've got to give the liver a little time to digest.
lol oh yeah
Who ready to party with me at CLUB FLIRT in LaMirage???
I have the Spurs. But either way would be fun.
our 11th and 12th grade stdnts just successfully lobbied for facebook not to be banned for them
True dat! RT : this is a caricature of US junk food that is Onion-worthy.
aka don't think about things just blindly believe them and don't talk to people with opposing beliefs.
I'm pretty sure that's not it. Lol
#GreysAnatomy season finale.
#salsa & #bachata bands and party tonite at Millennium Hotel downtown #STL! Tremendous party guaranteed! Also, dance performances!
wow just seen them two Blake Griffin dunks on Gasol smh just terrible
I ALWAYS know something you dont . .
The chicken in the commons lolllol.
Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys.
np! yea i can't afford to get hacked anymore smh
Agreed. Way to go #Packers!
Never too early for some margs and sangria
hey cutie ;)
LOL...meant to type MOT. Hilarious!
Jason Peters ruptured his Achilles Tendon TWICE this offseason. His career is over, Sorry Eagles lol
": I have been in the travel industry for 14 years. Experience does matter when booking your vacation. #travel"Go for the best!
the way she looks
My girls are inside cooking dinner. I'm in heaven :D
#ILoveItWhenYou stay true to being a gentleman, even to another gentleman, like myself. #homo #lovesit ^_^
need to acknowledge how your public acknowledgement of continued "friday" watching makes me love you more.
Bed. Then getting up and blowing my students' minds by telling them that Robert Frost's The Road Not Taken might not be inspirational.
RT : Curious to see how this #SalesForce #oow11 keynote thing plays out. Maybe retweeted once to many this week?
RT : Something #thatcamp demonstrates clearly: conferences don't need to performativity of the classic panel.
hey sarah. do you know what happened to idil {}?
Heading back to NJ...what a GREAT weekend!
Random News: DiCaprio 'to make Bollywood film debut' with Xtreme City!
If you enjoy seeing innocent animals being killed, you're nothing but a piece of shit waste of life...
Lmao! That's hilarious!!!
just learned about your twilight tours. Can't wait to schedule!
Never would have pegged you for a Stagecoacher!
"Why? The answer is simple: Music is a cultural artifact, and the culture has moved on."
Because clearly I'm rocking the high school music tonight with some Chumbawamba and O.A.R.
hey :D how are ya?
I get nervous every time Bryz goes to handle the puck.
yes sir!
says "oh, i thought you might be from israel, because of your accent." needless to say, that made her pretty amazing
You guys are amazing and cute... ;)
justin i love u with all my heart ..pleasee follow me.? Xo
Au Bon Pain always teases me by putting a ton of hummus with only 4 cucumber slices. How do I eat the rest of the hummus? W/my FINGERS? OK.
oh so you could still see her
busy man!
Looking forward to brining a beautiful baby into the wild with in 2012. Y'all need to get to get ready. March will be crazy!
I think became best twitter bros last night, idk.
I got you Jerry, would love s follow back from an NFL legend.
Working all day and will be thinking of everyone, especially RAS, who is on the East Coast <3 ily RAS
You know society, if you wouldn't make me so uncomfortable I wouldn't always be so awkward.
god some people are so rude
Thanks for the follow and
I can't wait to touch down in broward co wit my nigga the next big thing in broward we gonna get money mitches and fame watchh
small steps still get you there.
grr did chris go inside already? I was just there
is convinced that FlyPaper is really slick and worth purchasing.
I WILL get that hat back this weekend.... just FYI.
No homework for mee :)
Cops just searched my car twice over a parking ticket. Wtf
Got it..hope you have a good day
all these girls look pretty bad on these small twitter avatar pics... soon as you click on their page and then they're busted...
Just say it: #scienceissexy RT : DNA has never been so fascinating. arms and guts and plankton tows.
<--- Finally... New twitme
Today was demo day Got to see lots of new stuff that customers and partners are going to love.
Great idea! RT : I think the world is ending, and that means it's time to go to Lennox for an Iced Toddy.
Have you ever woke up pissed Or Happy at someone because of something they did in your dream? I wish it was real.
You smell... good.
#AdWars PTSD: Headphones and coffee are my friend this AM. Props to and her crew for a great night. Congrats
RT : Psssst, Mother Nature, it's mid May.
I think so. Maybe is better to ask about student writing blog post.
Really like the way Manny Acta has the playing ball. Kinda National League feel to this game.
Both of you weigh less than me. LOLOLOLOL
hmm...I might be sleep. Lol....you good
#FF Can all you folks please follow , need to get him up over 200 followers, he's close. Best car service in Boston, hands down.
thats why the fight the fights in the ring and not on paper
any bike shops in north hollywood/burbank that carry 24" bmx wheels and tubes??
Getting put in the cemetery.
That's what a determined people can do in 18 days.
? : Are you going to Wine in the Woods this weekend? #witw12”
Favorite person of the day award goes to.. for the grand opening of ! The cookies are bonkers!!! Red velvet for your life!
did you mean *new or did you mean: "great... no avatar photo" :-)
Well I am up and bout to start another week of working I hope I can get some extra hours so I can have over time
My Ice Is So Cold It Should Come On A Cone .
Attention RT Also needed to write for the site: women who live in places other than NY and LA.
you're welcome. Your family is an inspiration to all of us.
Glad you got everything worked out with Hope to see you at web414 soon!
The pen with the bent wrist crooked king, sign away our peace.
Nashville? Huh?
Is it broken or do you not want to get an email if I wanted to be contacted for more info later? Opt in of course!
The Panda is on Virgin America heading west! Hands down the best Airline! On flight TV, great new plane, awesome staff, and plenty of bamboo
Check out Google today. It's cool!
I don't know why I have a Twitter, I have nothing to say but stupid bullshit that no one will care about ¯\_(<U+30C4>)_/¯
Experience is important to getting a "real" job eventually, right now. Unpaid internships can be very important, for ex.
Spinnin at The MotherLoaded Tavern Tonight on Thanksgiving eve! Come get your dance on B4 the big feast!
I never have gotten the appeal of #signingday. 10 hours of coverage on ESPNU seems to be a little much. Sports over-saturation?
Molly quit Twitter today. I blame Ted Genoways.
at home chillin
Good night twitter this new future got me in my zone everyone have a blessed night
You can do anything you set your mind to(:
Don't be so humble-you are not that great
Way too much sleep last night...I'm a four am DYNAMO!!!
Floyds cocky as shit but backs it up. I'd be fine with a rematch, but would rather see Mayweather vs. Pacman
Facebook is like jail, you sit around and waste time, write on walls, and get poked by people you don't know.
I'm going to shower. Someone DM or reply for me to follow them before I get back. :)
I think I'll tell my story from the beginning: June 7 in the early 80s in Memphis, TN. My bday is called "The day of the entertainer."
what do I have to do to get a follow from you?
If you thought to ask the question: "Am I ruining burning man?" the answer is Yes. Burning man is dead.
Working your Ass off Avril all the time!!!"
i like twitcon :)
im so excited!!!
i seen you at school & watched you walk across the stage!
but why tho?
Was hoping to test out my car in snow this morning, instead got to test it in traffic and dirty water. Worked great in that though.:-)
Enjoy the vacation, and let us know if we can help out when you return!
Awww, I want Sookie and Eric to get together!!!
Happy Easter Everyone
Thanks for the follow Let's get together and put a good show sometime in the near future.
First time I've been in a cab when the sober chick barfed...
I chastised you for sharing library-related info. Because the librarians will always the non-libs when it comes to info sharing.
who Drew.? I wanna go curl up in a hole and stay there for a while.
dude what r some decent restaurants with vegetarian menus in the southside?
Break out the ponchos!!
625 tomorrow we do it ": i want one direction tickets MORE THAN ANYTHING!!
nothing better than souring an amazing outing by any Phillies pitcher. Cliff Lee is incapable of crying but i hope some fans are.
I leave out tomorrow midday going to MD
your welcome
To Tweet or not to Tweet? That is the question...
when starts blasting in the store & i start putting on a mini concert for everyone here :p
Which draft pick will have the strongest rookie season, and which team, overall, had the best draft, picks wise?
I know right for me lately though its Wake up Call for me
The disappearance of the Middle class in America is happening
8k had to fold AJ on AK39 in a hu pot but fishie was nice enough to show me A9
Good dilemma? Wedding same day as concert at The Plaza! 1.6 mi b/w the 2!
magwa dominating red coats = seal team sooks dominating osama
Cold cuts for dinner tonight yummy........
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place.
Respect deserved due to age...regardless of tactics.
Yeah, but you're in my target demographic. #thepersonalisuniversal?
beRecruited Play of the Day: If a coach doesn’t e-mail you back right away, don’t be discouraged. Keep trying, it can’t hurt!
Yes, test run first. This is Reggie using Heidi's account
We are performing "LIVE" tonight at Cocktails...8pm-until...$10 cover...4 for 1 Martinis!!!!! COME OUT AND HANG WITH YO BOYS!!!
I'm still in Baltimore, but I get up to New York every couple of months. How soon do you get there?
Happy New Year ! Looking forward to showing you around the #HolyLand in 2012! We hope you can join us too!
Had a fantastic meeting with the crew. Thank you guys for everything!
Good night. xoxo
Live jazz tonight at Hemmingway's Bistro featuring The Rose Colella and Dan Effland Duo 6-9 pm hemmingwaysbistro.com
chore day 4 the kids tomorrow!! lol
I love my cats. I really do, but they can be so annoying at times.
Thanks for a fun season Reds! Kentucky basketball starts Friday....
The Germs- Circle One
I'm starting to smell tacos >.> I'm officially hungry ;c
just met the team at #SXSW...so, do you run shuttles anywhere? Downtown only? Or just between conference venues?
My college, Elon Unviersity, had one called E-squared that was quite similar to Facebook. It wasn't very active.
Just realized somebody stole my f'ing 7 iron when I was at Golfsmith. What the FUUUU.
Happy New One!
dude...its a pedometer.
CCF asked MN Dep Security to provide MN students going abroad with same protections foreign students receive in MN. He said “It makes sense”
haha good to hear. How's it feel for your little bro to introduce you to a band?
- Harder Than It Looks: Building Software That Actually Works at
Thanks for the verification Twitter, & thank you new followers! Love ya!!
Perhaps, but this cert. focuses on sustainable site development, H20 savings, energy efficiency & health codes of buildings
I hate when a tv show has a really good plot but has horrible actors.
The thoughtful soul to solitude retires.
I'm still bumpin other 2 mixtapes and this new one go super hard
I wanna get it.
Wow, so many great people to follow. Looking forward to
I wish Obama would just invoke the 14th and get it over with. If he'd come out with Boehner's plan today, the GOP would have rejected it.
#JacksRedSaloon will be screening '"Mistura"- The Power of Food' & 'Hispanosophy' at noon! Be there!
Miss Camai has gathered different youth once again to create ways in promoting Suicide Awareness in the YK Delta!
“The frontier is both outside and inside.” - poet Michael McClure
No! This sounds stupid but I'm too scared to send fan mail! :)
Do you have songs that you need to have copyright. Contact MEA.
Thomas Kinkade, popular painter, devout Christian & lover of God has died, at the age of 54. Peacefully at rest, walking alongside Christ.
Just got to Gypsy Bar in Greenpoint and found out it is their last night. All booze has to go. 159 Greenpoint Ave. Pass it on.
dang it's windy!
Thank you to the Friars Club for hosting our "Power Play: Up Close with Women in the #Golf Industry" event today!
When were you staring at me? I don't remember this.
Ugh Test Tomorrow -_- buhh today was fun with my bo at lunch... 12/12/11 up :')
trying to watch High school High lol
This is probably the worst football game I have ever watched.
Warcraft Gold Blueprint free consultation
Follow Me Back ^_^
chilling to jazz on a Saturday night pretty grand
did you close your youtube account
i suppose.. you are just dying for human interaction since you have been exiled to the freezing corner.
in what?
what's up big daddy how's life treating Ya?
you should 'doily' and keep it romantic.
omfg madison lololololol im gonna pretend im sick so i can go home and be with you <333
That bowtie was ON POINT!!!!
Yep...I spelled it wrong... "herding"
Follow ? Tweet Me , Maybe ? LOVE YOUU <3
Happy sunny Tues
Boni gets a hit!
I learned about it last year and spent a good two weeks straight watching every episode! I'm so excited for the new season!
Hope the reboot includes CAT MOM HUGS KITTEN No1 by &
consider it done pal! If you could RT me from time to time I'd really appreciate it.
What? That's crazy talk HM!
RT RT : RT if you think there should be an ICONicBoyz poster! =) ( I expect a lot of retwéets
yikes! you might have dry eye syndrome! very common
": hell yeah what time" like 645 ish and tex me the address
Little survey: would you watch foodie TV and see how we would cook German food?
PS.... & myself are targeting the Sep race at Loudon!
Joshua's going home! FINALLY
Dinner over at #casadebooty with
I like the idea of students building their own digital exhibits in Omeka.
I don't min much anyway, so no biggie. More annoying is remembering when to cmd-tab and when to cmd-~. (and ffox, ctrl-tab)
SpineScope can treat spinal stenosis with laser surgery.
does does www
Yes, thank you very much for the quick response!
hey, just doing a twitter pd so sending test tweet. ignore
were you the fans that were brought on stage in LA? if you were, you're so lucky!
you're just jealous I didn't pick you for my SPORTS BALL TEAM
Not feeling so hot
you got it, evan, consider yourself followed by keilstudios.
Stop worrying about your messy hair, your eyeliner and your curvy body. One day you'll find a guy that won't care about it.
thanks Steve.
It's 8am somewhere, right? So....I can eat.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Follow Me PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
fishing, nice! Did u catch one "this big"? :) LOL
That right there is some math! Nice!
a few more weeks!
If I hear another rapper say, "ima follow you like twitter" I'm gonna throw up in my mouth.
Looking forward to watching NM in Focus tomorrow. They're talking with Mayor Richard Berry and APD Chief Schultz about police shootings.
What the fuck are you up to man? Besides making chilli videos!!!
Obama news conference he says there is no answer for rising gas prices...we have to look within ourselves. What???!
:( i dont know! Hahaha I should still buy season tix lmao. But it's like what $200??
Didn't do anything last night to deserve the headache I've had all day today. Probably just
Today was great and tonight will be better!!!!
Florida sucks.
I'm appalled that the free service I'm in no way obligated to use keeps making changes that mildly inconvenience me
#themainetour favorite present from fans?
is crazy. And tweeting back and forth is far better than either phone or e-mail.
Thank you Sgt. Matthew Mount for your service to this country. It was an honor to meet you. I wish the best for you and your family.
Plan your marketing! #strategy RT : "Don't let your PR get ahead of product quality."
“Even if you stumble, you’re still moving forward.” Just get up and keep going!
RT : Why can't life be a rock opera?
Heading to ORD early just so that I can grab dinner by before heading home to Denver!
At Liz's Sweet Sixteen! :)
Yes! The is amazing. When my wife revisits her Colorado College friends we stay there.
Heard on this morning :) now dying to try Table 926 in PB
Please come out and support Dr. Riba's Health Club on May 4th for our second annual fundraiser, "Fit Fiesta!" We will have prizes, raffles,…
just negotiated 4 bottles of The Colonial Estate Exile 2005 at a great price, and half a case of 2006 Freemark Abbey Cab. LIFE IS GOD!
Oops; wrong Jamie king handle on previous tweet
RT : apparently my tweet was spotted on a board today! are they running on north and oakland too? :) <-every location
TLC is currently back-to-back David Blaine specials. Enjoy.
Let's do this! Dayton OH tonight @ Canal Street Tavern w/ the RedTone Sixes!
I call it like I see it.. Got a problem? State it. I'm not hard to find & I don't mind finding you.
Is Chris Rock Benjamin Button?
Portlanders are confused if they actually have to attend Occupy Portland. "I live here, so I'm basically always occupying Portland, right?"
I had such fun at #InfoCamp, met so many great people, and can't wait for next year!
I'm s Knicks fan, but I also know the game of basketball...with players becoming healthy minutes will be scarce...
Are you kidding
If you are using my Writing A Great Script Fast process to develop your story structure, watch out for starting too soon.
The awkward moment when you’re that one friend who always gives relationship advice but is still single.
what are you doing frifay
With help from a friend who is more superhero than mere mortal, my show at Edward Hopper House will be delivered & hung tomorrow. Opens 5/19
Condolences to Former Mayor Daley of Chicago... in the passing of his wife Maggie. Our prayers are with you!
were u bruh
Will be awesome for that's a victory for them
Feeling good about being back with Android
Welcome to our new board co-chair, ! We look forward to your leadership.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Breath Remedy Denture Brushes and most oral care products.
What the heck are people doing?? The radio is out and the aux jack is all effed up. Good grief!
I guess a 19 character password is probably secure enough for my wifi, right?
I feel that no one is taking my half birthday seriously guys
GET YOUR ASS ON THE FLOOR
When I'm down, I think "Atleast I have an amazing boyfriend."
care package alert!
Hey New New!!!
why are you up
Thx for sharing. Saying "no" is hard when it's "for the kids", like volunteering @ school. Good tips!
I'm around jelly niggas all the time
Totally! Cheap cover, cheap drinks, great tunes and awesome ladies - what's not to love?
Catch us on GenTV (Channel 8) tonight at 9! Our CEO will be talking about the importance of VPK.
My stomach is starting to hurt because I've had the hiccups for like 10 minutes. The paaiinnn
Sad that doesn't care about the rights of Texan women...but not surprised...
Now i get too watch the rest of bad girls club ; didnt get to finish it !
Watching Kevin Hart funny ass
The average #American consumes 167 bottles of #water a year!
only if you bought a legit copy
no special requests. :-) it seems Denver is really busy this week so if you guys happen to have something it would be awesome!
Great night at Grotto. Tonight i'll be dropping the beats at Area 31 with dj Tonyc...... See y'all tonight.......
Follow our lovely script supervisor
I concur!!!
Perfect Day Off!!!
Bitches Love to Hate me.
Making excuses ONLY excuse you from progressing. Don't be self-defeated.
How'd your presentation go? And jealous that you're going to the beach! :)
My start line committee is ready to rock this weekend at the Mini Marathon. Blessed to be working with great people.
Happy Saturday everyone!!! Hope your day is going great ;-)
he is great, so what does a woman need to do to help her man and support him?
I got nothing left to lose.
What is your favorite Cancerbrick so far? Check out some who have already made theirs! www.cancerbricks.com
depends on what you mean by web design. ATEC has a heavy focus on animation. EMAC on journalism/media web content.
It felt like a big detour. I mean, I'm glad I did it, no regrets, but ready to start librarianing.
I would have gotten violent today without the support and help of two lovely gentlemen: & Thank you, guys.
Get your GF swerve on tonight!! Beer Tasting. Ford Bld near SE 11 & Division, Portland, OR. 5-8 p.m.
Is it me or does Toby Anstis sound like a gay
I think America voted and it should stick. Clearly we dont want another Whitney, Mariah, Beyonce...overdone, boring BLAH
I will pass on the ham - but am good with the student loans. Can you do something about the crappy governor I have too?
court in a couple of hours
if they cancel Community, I'm going to be livid pissed
3 assignments done, 3 A's.
pics or it didn't happen
The softball size #hail continues to rain down here in the
I have two (2) great books I could read, a new movie I could watch, and the mood to work on a story. Why can't everyone be as lucky as I am?
Work was fun tonight!!! Lmao "I Got That HD Pussy"
CAM174 spotted in Jax Fl..sorry no pic, dude cut me off trying not to miss his exit
Met a really cute boy from Chicago last night. :)) I'm glad he got to meet my friends. :))
Still sick. Throat feels like razor blades. I just want to get better so miss less gymtime. Resting and watching
MEGA Brands inks licensing deal with Mattel - Proactive Investors USA & Canada
I just sneezed on myself. Gross.
Except for google+, no one uses that.
#pranksterontheloose , this show WILL make me in a good mood ;D
Barney Frank just made a 420 joke on a medical marijuana amendment on the floor. God I will miss that guy.
ha that's awesome! And I agree with the book!
Home from North Carolina! What a fun trip! :)
asian girls everywhere, U-C-L-A!
That's what we said a week ago! RT Honey Badger don't care. He'll sell out and do a TV commercial. bit.ly/r1NUxV
Aight the dancers are bad do you agree ?
Destroy what destroys you.
Renaissance Hotels opens first Hotel in Pearl River Delta - Breaking Travel News
Should have a landing page up soon, just waiting for the domain transfer to finalize. I'll post a link when it goes live.
22nd of May, tickets on sale soon, have been unavoidably delayed by repairs, alas. But soon!
Having a box of teddy grams and some juice would make the fact that I've been up since 3:45 much more enjoyable.
Want to know more about text message marketing Text PROOF to 41242
Lots of good blocking out going on. Gold team got 4 offensive rebounds in a row!
Got some of my voice back just in time to be a
i'm a pro at crastinating.
Got my Google+ invitation today. I am very excited about this.
Hahaha..sure. RT : its definitely you (:
Come on Who Dat Nation! Why so quiet?
Interestingly enough I've been using the web client a ton recently due to the retweet and list features that have been added.
Love all, trust a few. William Shakespeare
i loved the video it was soo cute! :)
Do not regret growing older, it is a privilege that far too many do not have.
#18conf Brian Samuels is on target about social emotional development of children
go outside & scream.
When Gene eventually announces Spaz's firing, I hope someone asks him why Spaz was ever hired in the first place.
And that's the truth...with some cheese on it. Bout time I guess
Free farmhouse tours + fun activities + shop local Artisans/Fresh Food/Produce 10am-3pm! Historic ESCONDIDO!
Noticed what?
I'm more tired now than I was before my second cup of Joe.
I would not be the man I am today without God. Jesus mends cold hearts!
Big day at Tudor Fieldhouse for Rice MBB! Rivalry game against UH, senior night, chance for 18 win regular season!
Yeah that word does not exist anymore
Watching "Lost in Translation"
man i don't feel good at all..
RT : New hype term: Submission based Development or shorter Submissive Dev (SD).It's lk yr Standard Deviate!
Saying random numbers when someone is counting to make them lose count.
Khloe and Lamar finally part one in 40 minutes....
definitely the grossest thing I've read in a while
if it wasn't for parking, i'd be dead asleep right now.
I just received an invitation to audition for the School at Steppenwolf!
thanks! It's almost done.
How the F do you use instagram
I have not. SHOULD I? :)
Drake ain't fell off! Hands down!
wanna be prez? Give 75% of your fortune to Vietnam vets. You'll win.
...if he got anywhere near your place, you have everything on record of what he did, and if he assaulted you, that's essentially.
HAPPY JAZZ THURSDAY!!! A beautiful day in Chicago!
Fuck Wat da t.v's and da color brochures show u, dis Miami shit ain't where u wana be! V.I.P. to All My Fallen Soldiers
I think the sincerity with which I fall in love with my morning coffee or tea is one of those things that sets me apart from the masses.
Swing by to see in action for today's FREE #SaturdaySips - 2-4pm. Pouring his all-time favorites, like Ulacia Txakoli & Porque No
Josh Beckett is pitching at Fenway on his birthday. This has juicy possibilities.
The original cast recording of Company is one of the best musical recordings ever. Stritch= amazing.
RT : RT : Wow...via 50% of print advertising has disappeared since mid 2000s.
oh really? When is it? I'll put it on my calendar.
good division win last night!
Pretty much. RT : GOProud email: "Romney Message to Goldwater Conservatives: Drop Dead"
totally ridiculous. The theater I was in boo-hoo'd at Rue's death. Thresh was perfectly played. Idiots can stick their racism
Your ugly and you show it
Dragon tattoo - intense, solid thriller. I was wincing at times. Not for the faint of heart.
The great guys at are working double time to get the vinyl done in time for the shows this weekend! Thanks guys!
no barnes & noble discovered my favorite genre, and now sends me a bajillion emails with amazing books! goodbye, rent money.
ThanksBritney for all of your awesome songs
We should alert the RIAA
few really know what you are
Going to interview Nancy Ellen Dodd and Cliff Sheipe today for the Writers' Radio Resource. Listen up!
chase it with alcohol!!!
instead of doing my homework i like to stay on the computer and worry about how much homework i have to do
But you aint pimpin no bitches cause you flawed
Walking it out on side of the road with garage sale sign...
any good advice to share?
Sad To Say But Sum People On Yr TL Will Be Poor And/Or Homeless
It looks like that watch I e-mailed you! The one that I'd like to own! A lot. ::wink wink::
keeps following & unfollowing me. Don't know how to take it. I'll resist making midget car jokes.
knowing that a certain person has a Kindle makes gift book buying a little more complicated.
all day
Aug Co & Stn Dems on 2012 GA: deep partisanship. Right wing extremists control Va GOP. Dems to fight GOP
Why are some people so shady?
RT : RT : If you can't join us at conference, follow us at #WFFConf12 for updates and key learnings from the...
Does ever donate team accounts to non-profits?
We've created a quick logo for our unconference in December! What do you think?
Tomorrow is April make it your goal to learn how a life coach can guide you, I would be happy to explain :)
It's Friday which means the weekend is almost here, is anyone else ready for Saturday to come already ???
I thought you were the mayor of berry winkle?
at house just chilling on fifa :)
I was standing in the middle of midtown Manhattan eating my lunch and didn't notice the 5.9 earthquake. I guess the food was really good!
was quietly ignored. then: anonymous email address from "library decorating committee"
Doing the heart with Austin at the end of an AUSTREAM even though he can't see you #ItsAMahomieThing (:
Go you! I'm at 136 right now. Ug.
Looking for my lightsaber someone needs a good a$$ kicking!!!!!
Never tried stickin papa smurf to the bathroom...nvm
I love playing music when I take naps, but then I never fall asleep because I want to stay up and listen to the song. No winning.
why, thank you!
North Carolina a Front in Democrats x2019; Battle for House Many Democrats have decided to retire rather than risk defeat in newly config
but I love photography better
How do the girls who get fan calls from the Boyz NOT flip out? Id prob cover the phone, and scream so loud they'd hear me down the street..
PRINCETON: Princeton rated as a Top 20 small town
Thanks so much for coming to #QBM11 today! Should've gotten a pic w/you three. xo
I haven't been on twitter in a while, A LONG TIME
I think I might get this whole watermelon
but me, i can tweet all day and night
never actually did, but I had a friend who did. May have been at the same place. I'm from Mequon myself.
there is a nail place in the Archstone Ballston Square building.
People, have started making up their own rules, when it comes to, using commas.
i think u should guve it a shoot:-)
WTF R U talking bout, on my laptoop right now it let me pick the seats and its ton of seats on mainflorr still
": Saxon math controls my life." // worst math books ever!!!
Making this test my bitch<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>RT : Still up studying at 5am. 5 Alarms going off in 2 hours...
USC plays like the cougs, now I know why I don't like watching them play.
It's sort of a weird situation because it is what everyone wanted, but now it's like where do they go from here?
Mazel Tov Camille Shotwell Brown (Spertus Learning Resource Manager) & husband Scott on the birth of your 2(!) beautiful babies!
not sure all what is thinking, but I kinda want to pass by
and before leaving, Welcome:
The Rain makes me wanna stay in bed, I just love it!! :)
Oh, and we know that's not a real word. It just came up. (but maybe it SHOULD be a word!)
THIS RT : Butt-Crunchingly Exhausted [def] State of mind in which "butt-crunchingly" seems like it would make a good adjective
Protests at NATO Summit in Chicago. A lot of bad movies, but why take it out on the National Assoc. of Theater Owners?
You're welcome! Hope it was an awesome day for you and !
What a throw to Davis!!!!!!
Anger arises when desire is interrupted.
don't be sorry that's the str8 truth.
tell me about it...ran good last week...this week not so much!
Hello Chris, just wanted to say pleasure chatting with you this afternoon. (Malcolm)
Your welcome.(:
Turkish delights from are the perfect after work treat.
Starting to wonder how long until Walker is dragged down by this John Doe investigation. Certainly looks unavoidable now.
gotta give the #Nuggets credit. I understood your fears today.. Gotta lead the show and give props tomorrow.
I feel so heartless
Thats the only way to be..... RESPECT DMV Merciless Umbrella
Today, I will be planning on how to spend my lotto winnings. Tonight, I will be drowning my disappointment in Ramen Noodles and Natty Ice.
I love fried green tomatoes. Where are you having them?
Thanks for the shout out! RT : thanks for the shoutout. Credit really goes to our media consultant
How Are You <3
I see occasional great pieces, but also a lot of link bait not-so-feminist pieces for a so-called feminist site.
check ur email. Something new, a lil different but could be a single...
Trying to act like I don't care sucks...
I fucking hate you mike.. Srsly can I not be happy without u trying to be so dramatic
Port Townsend is the center of the universe tonight. Ripple raced today. Film at 11
follow back.? <3
Do you guys have a website?
When people don't express themselves, they die one piece at a time.
Nah lol that's just fucking with a girls emotions -.- just get at the one you actually like
Awesome new floors!
Several of us have the iPad 2 and are happy with it; the retina display and quad core A5X on the new iPad has us drooling though.
Mm.... You can... If you want... So a derek or Tyler hoechlin pic?
Thanks for following me
Earthquake in Tokyo! Not a big one. Haven't felt one of those in a long time!
what did you get?
it wasn't even that fucked up
thanks for saying hey while you were here
Ducks lead
i love cleaning my room
Tenured teachers & congress. 2 places where low public rating & poor results don't matter…
Interesting to follow the new trends in sports biz and how purchasing and marketing are effected by technology
Roller coasters are amazing<3
follow me
I can't believe my last day of work is tomorrow.
AWESOME, Good luck in getting much work accomplished! I have an open weekend, so tomorrow finishing two books that I'm re
Someone laughing about saying f'you in prayer about you. Lol.
#ImTheKindOfGirlfriend that will be faithful, caring, honest && make you laugh I'll hold you down through w.e but will leave asap if played
Oh. An instrument other than the tambourine for the lady...
How wld Greg know, he walks off in nxt ep...j/k, just skillful editing I presume. : ends? #Goldrush” I do. Hahaha
great :) ib would like that
we are serving in our well now come by and try bleCarPub
Up late on here. Not my usual. But found some really great #eventprofs & visited profiles. GN everyone!
Thank you Kathy! Look forward to chatting with you. Wishing you both a wonderful, blessed week : ))
you exist
That moment when ur not sure if the text you sent was a little to much
absolutely man anytime
Hike to the Observatory, Lunch at Fred62, Househunting, Vday dinner and then Olympic coverage. All with my lady. Fine day.
Xavier Blessings Bro
#ADCDebate our relationship with #Richmond is difficult but #Richmond will catch up
Someone commented on the poem I posted today. They said it was terrible, with a totally messed up meter. Gotta love feedback.
Lauren Johnson from FOX 13 News asked the first question: How will school consolidation impact children in the classroom?
TONIGHT INSIDE BROADWAY !!! .50 DRINKS AND $50 BOTTLES TILL 11 !!! LASERS ,LIGHTS , EXTRA SOUND , STRIPPER POLES , IN THE MIX!!
#GoGators Loving this blowout but would have preferred Mizzou!
Now playing: All I Do Is Win
Whoa! As much depth, talent, skill, and fun as humanly possible please! This is very exciting! What brings you to KC?
#ikids #kidscreen participants & Tweeps - don't miss session post-lunch on what #kids are viewing on #YouTube. Great data/insights.
Forgot to mention...nice banner guys ;) hah
yay!!! When will u know? U can text me if ya want. Lol
auburn my cousin went to college over thier
I find that hard to believe, but we will see.
Who enjoys Listening to Political Talk Radio Shows or Stations Online? What do you listen too?
Tryna convince that she is beautiful<3
I'm on twitter everyday , but I never tweet .
It's a fantastic Wednesday. It's our favorite day of the week! How's your's going?
i swear to god if this bee comes anywhere near me ima flip a shit
Can you send a few morwe tweets
Love the new website! Can't wait to see you when you are in town. Blessings.
Tabitha Stephens never took swimming lessons.
I'm intimidating?
Im SOO HOTT!!! Is so humid
Should Have Had A Back Up Plan
Old lenses means you're both hard core & getting better practice. Kind of a solid combo.
Applied for a copywriting job at WasabiRabbit. No one understand how badly I want this.
Going out for a group ride tonight, and the weather cannot be any more soupy/humid.
Happy Birthday !!! xoxo
"Your mercy, O LORD, is in the heavens; and your faithfulness reaches to the clouds."~Psalm 36:5
I don't fail, i simply succeed at finding what doesn't work
Most relaxing hour of my life...Aromatherapy treatment. Feeling like a schoolgirl!
I was at the second row on the side, I wonder if gaga will go there for the btw ball... Or maybe a bigger stadium.
“: Singing off key in the state of North Carolina, is against the law.” Damn North Carolina is fucked up.
OMG that's beautiful !!
In town for the #NRAShow? Take a Segway tour of Chicago & take $10 off with show pass! Call 312 552-5100 for reservations.
I really gotta stop with this hooker streak
just recommended venuetastic to an alum asking about event spaces in sf... better not make me look stupid for suggesting it :)
you're probably right it's too high-res. Since user experience is the top priority, can you make the buttons bigger by default?
Still think it's a Buyer's Market? In 2nd multiple-offer situation in 1 week; another home sold 2 hours before I showed it.
#ThatOnePersonInSchool that takes forever to finish their test, and noone is allowed to talk until they are done
Theres just so much you can take.
can a gang of 6 raccoons kick my ass?
Thanks! So glad to be back! :)
it's amazing ;)
My bed is calling my name !!!! where are u 6 oclock ???
Happy Christmas to all customers and staff!!
Anyone know this number? He's creeping on me. Blow up his phone with calls & texts? Yes please. (: 914-740-8403
United takes their 1st lead of the night, 24-17 with 8:22 left in the game...21 unanswered points for the Longhorns.
thank you :) x
Looking forward to crawling into some
YOUNG BOYS IM 18 GROWN Out Here
Just did!
You are rocking the final hours of the #EarthDay contest!
NOBODY'S FORGOTTEN .
deff just got sister act tickets.
As we give thx 4 all we have let's remember many r hungry & homeless. Thank u , foodbanks & shelters 4 ur role in our community.
Better Be BITCH
when do we need our money for shirts?
hoping they throw the book at him & everything else!!!
went 1-1 at the BJJ state championship. Wasnt destined to win this one. Thanks to all my training partners and coach. Gotta think KISS.
Looks beautiful outside in #STL. It's time to stop working and go out and get some fresh air...and a cocktail.
We got approved by the liquor licensing committee! Now we just have to wait for the common council to give us the OK on March 1 and we'll GO
you're welcome.
Just ran down the street to catch a bus @ a red light & the bus stopped & waited for me
very much a classic!
What I know about Johnny Mathis: I only hear him at Christmas, and I don't think he's Caucasian-American.
Members Card Bulls ML -210 (25 units)
Cupid to hold press conference after tonight's game questioning the line on Ross's resume where it says "Major League Outfielder".
MN fliers: Did you book a flight this month or pay for more miles so you keep your elite flier status? E-mail me:
Remove me from your list
RT : Just want to say hello to my favorite mass choir! Hope all is well! -> All is well. Thanks for your support!
I'm sure real Heat fans remember the days before LeBron, like when they had Mourning/Hardaway, Shaq, and the rest
seeing my mom graduate just made realize how much i need to push myself these last few weeks in order to walk across that stage
oh wow chevy chase looks different now. you guys working on a new three amigos film?
where are you headed? You better not say somewhere warm if I wasn't invited!
Thanks for coming by! RT : great to visit metro campus in bayview today. we're glad the team is using
I wonder if the clothes in China say "made around the corner " or something.
I just realized that the labor at the Highlight Factory is union.
Cutie Erik von Detten from Escape to Witch Mountain and The Princess Diaries, turns 29 today.
And grown ups :')
nice to see ya on twitter sister.
six figure careers
this horoscope today is trippin' me out<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><U+2652>
spangenberg back in lineup
Needed a new vehicle from which to send you tap/pole dancing and cat videos. RT It's an honor to be 8th person following you.
This just in. Mayor of Baltimore, Stephanie Rawlings-Blake is celebrating her BDay tonite 's Gay Bingo share please, ok?
About to go all out and make me a LARGE THREE or FOUR scoop hot fudge sundae with pecans, with NO REGRETS whatsoever!!! eyes!
Southridge Mall is the perfect place to find candidates for 16 & Pregnant
I know it's really sad haha. Oh and btw I'm taking an hour lunch
theres a MAJOR story here for chicago sportswriters if they hadnt all become so lazy/foolish not to see it.like !
Fuck it in the trap pussy.. #idoitfortheratchets u a Foo for that one!!
Just did!(:
Mr. Ollinger gets me the perfect books. Latest, Use your Brain for a Change. Talks about neuoroscience.
Plus Ringo's son?
Look up what Thomas Vanda did for something really repulsive. I don't think there's a word for it.
Guess what holiday tmr is?!?!?!
When we fail we don't need more Law but rather more and more GRACE! It's through an ABUNDANCE OF GRACE that we reign in life! (Rom 5:17)
This has to be one of the best episodes.
i think three migraines this month is a bit thick.
Had a great night with :)
Ohio state gets the easy W. Good day of basketball in Cleveland so far.
RT Congratulations to our new Chair Rocco Giammaria from PA and his team...the next two years look great for the caucus
About to watch The Vow Im gunna cry i know it
Do you know a #highschool #student in need of money for #college? If so, click the link to learn more about our #scholarship-->...
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mom tweeps! Y'all are number 1!<U+261D>
COMMMOOON KFC just became the definition of Fat they mixed Fried Chicken+Bacon+Cheese, you kno what that gets you...a fun dinner lmao
Remember that time Breanne replied to me on the day of my prom?
Blocked you from twitter.
UGH TEMPTATION SET IN, I couldn't wait any longer to get it! I just had to purchase my #atheart bundle! Best 6 am $30 buy ever
Your hair looks like SHIT.
Why are we doubling Sidney?? Out of shape over weight uneffective.
#pdaebook -broader concept. Libraries have always done this. Levine-Clark
Si Misty For Me
I took a step back from all of the emails and bugs, and re-experienced how cool our product and team are. Hope you can do the same today!
actaully that's the Italian in me (; lol
RT": Practicing your signature over and over again, just incase you become famous. :)"
OK, I think it went pretty well
Any more #Vegas advice for me?!! Anyone?!!
Its an automated follow thing, its not personal mate.
Apparently CD's are on the verge of being extinct.
LVHCG has 2 NEW products and 1 of them puts us FIRST on the market! Come to see us at Casshman Field Sat & Sun www.facebook.com/LVHCG
won't get in the shower until "Call Me Maybe" ends. Because he's dancing to it. Sigh.
Editing #MichaelsMatch dialogue. Most awkward editing session ever.
I have the BEST boyfriend ever. He may rarely ever be here with me but he is more than I could have ever even dreamed for. I love him. (:
You see, its that sense if entitlement that has you delusional
heard ur having people over what u doin???
YOFEOYL (everyday of your life) !!!! ;))
I wish I could have a Dreamland BBQ day in Orlando
Yeah Friday! Going to read to some kids for #black #history #month and then enjoy the weekend! Have a great weekend everyone!
publish it bruh!
Blue union chairs to raise funds
what's up
oh so now musicians?!
um maybe they just are.
Getting ready for a great week of worshipping God with the folks from Care Net at the Gaylord Palms. Should be an awesome time.
Off to Cleveland for a couple days then Vegas for a conference next week. Looking forward to dinner at Jaleo. Any other suggestions for me?
Anyone who won't be in the gym in February shouldn't be allowed here now
HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3 I hope you had a great day (:
#FF for those who have the pleasure of knowing,working with, or loving a person with
Seattle to Long Beach... Here we go!
i dont follow u guy
Agreed! Insensitive and Disrespectful!
Totally blown away by my son's performance in Fiddler on the Roof. Great vocals from all, & he rocks the bottle dance.
Good Morning!!! Wellness Wednesday in effect at the Farm!!! Receive one top of your choice w/ minimum 60 donation :)
Just DM me your email and I'll send you some info. Thanks.
nothing much you?
Spent the day at the lake it was beautiful there. It's supposed to be 107 tomorrow not looking forward to going to work tomorrow night.....
We love all our participants!
my home away from homw
leading this session for Temple university over in Pennsylvania.
Feeling Blessed this morning!! its been a while ...
Congrats on being elected to the Board of Directors. 2012 will be a good year for renewables!
I'm dying of laughter over here <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> the awkwardness & funniness of this situation is killing me! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
college trips stricter dan high skoo trips...tf
#inconference10 #nmsplc Our students will never be learners, unless we are learners ourselves. JKnight
Watching my 600 pound life makes me want to work out
#FridayReads giving A Game of Thrones another try. It's slow going, and I don't really know why. I like the writing and the characters.
Q. Who can make more money in a week, a drug dealer or a prostitute? A. The prostitute because she can wash and resell her crack.
But how about when protag has to dump the lover for the "Greater Goal". Not "romance" any more, but def higher stakes
Whoever is reading this: Hi, you're beautiful. Good night! :-)
Midnight Oct. 31st, I concur. I'm still going to kill it tonight, regardless.
Thanks for the shout out!
today is ginna be amazing
Great to meet you tonight! So glad 's home has found such a lovely new tenant. Welcome to Indy!
3 minutes ago we lost power in the Brittany townhomes in #Plainsboro, NJ. Please take a look!!
#mumfordandsons up next!
Are there any rules against 30 year olds eating Kix?
Pretending to be sick just to leave school
I hate it when people change and become worse then before.
Last summer >>>
Bout to go get my bad axs uncle outta jail for thaa hundreth time.
what you getting
now onto the countdown to Starbucks Holiday/Red Cups !!
website in construction, we are local chicagoans and would love to chat.
The joys of traveling...screaming baby on moms lap in seat next to me. Kids feet are on my legs. Not cool. Not cool at all.
Happy birthday to one of our favorites, !!
you and 8 people in wheelchairs are the only people who want that turf
No way yoga's that tough! RT : I AM SO SORE form 's class this Sunday.. Great work out, I can't walk= awesome!
Thanks! I am absurdly interested in all of this. You?
I actually cant wait for this movie i love kristen stewart
Just sprinted across downtown Chicago with and to barely make the train
Congrats to that nigga for being featured in XXL's Show and Prove! Love the article!
you're welcome - thanks for reading!
Deciding if I should run a 6k tomorrow. Downside: meh distance & $35. Upside: $ goes 2 charity, it'll get me up, & new distance so auto PR
A whole chicken??? That's a damn shame.
awards is awesome! I should get the award for creativity. Just saying
Probably right!
silver fish on the floor and walls
sup bitch?
I had no idea buses ran this dwelt
So, it's Friday AND #aprilfools day. Whatta a combo.
I had hoped they'd have pinch-hit Maysonet in the spot they used Aoki. Then Aoki could've pinch-hit for Conrad late.
Hey hey life ain't fair, three in the air if you don't care
Thanks for the RT!
no im not
ik that song
I get absolutely no enjoyment out of art.. Especially in Spanish class! How's the teacher gonna tell me I draw like a 3rd grader haha
Dollar sludge bars ALL NIGHT! or until we run out :) Please RT!
Some ppl just arent slick at all...
listening to online, one of the BEST female recording artist out there now. If you don't know about her, check her out...
I only follow ppl that tells me to follow...and then some(:
Girl with coral pants on campus
liv's party was so much fun <3 bonfire was amazing (:
Jkay i just listen to it.
Great photo shoot this morning and three more video clips edited.. Getting closer!!
lmfao. It ain't that bad..btw I think I got a 100% on that geometry quiz <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I don't! I always go to different people n they still do it ugly!
What sessions are you most looking forward too?
good luck with that Jeff!
“: Whiskey puts a little prance in my dance.” only a little??
Holy cow ! just hit his 2nd home run of the night against the !
My DJ like to tweet thing , but forgets to tweet his boy
Why am I not going to #SXSW?? Humph!
Font abuse makes Arial grow on your palms.
is cute ;)
watching the Dodgers...very pianful
It's tough to feel bad for a franchise that finds itself 50 games UNDER .500 in a 66-game season.
J key not functioning correctly. Things are not well in the land of
ordered DSL. Modem arrives. No DSL. 2nd modem arrives. No DSL. Told to wait in office today for 4 hrs for techie. No techie. Shameful.
#Evernote also makes student presentations of their portfolios easy - and it looks good too.
Ha , omg , Why was he sleeping naked like that ? his booty Big AF !
you're so right!
Oh, dear. Am I the only one who dreads the day after Mother's Day? You know, when we have to resume the cooking and cleaning?
Happy Leap Day?! Everything that happens today, didn't.
EVERYONE NEEDS TI FOLLOW THIS GIRL! SHE WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK! PROMISE! PLEASE FOLLOW HER
Kirk cousins?
Sawa. We are on. 5 shots?
Love working with positive, encouraging people.
“: The Average Human Body Contains Enough Bones To Make Up An Entire Human Skeleton.” who knew??
Best lunch ever with =) Sometimes its the little things that keep us going throughout the day!
Meek Mill Tha Hottest Artist Out s/o to my team
Another gorgeous day at the beach. 5 more days til voucher code integration will be done. =)
Attempt to live in this world, not let the world live inside you.
backless dress!
i wanna be loved by someone but not used by someone
Love your summer line tees- slick designs man.
Im on the 55 by the stadium ha
In California a medical marijuana delivery driver told the cops 2 ninja's broke into and stole his marijuana! Hahahaha!
Oh man I have always wanted to tint my eyelashes. It's all I think about.
are you and robert in town? cant wait for you to see Wednesday's Child!
I was w/ the girl you gave the free shirt to in Houston w/ OM&M. I saw y'all at numbers too. I'm having seperation issues.
If you post the "I Just Had Sex" song at 1:30 am on FB you are a tool. Don't.
The Senate rejected Richard for the CFBP job, and Obama hired him anyway,People don't know what Congress is
needs to schedule some readings for the fall, needs to do submissions, needs to finish fall syllabi, needs to stop procrastinating
Awesome! I love to start my day with a cup of coffee and a GTG bar. It's my quiet time in the morning.
we'll test that penchant for swan diving out when she's here for SXSW!
Advertising is a form of communication. There are many forms of advertising such as flyer printing, poster printing
I think that #openingday should be a holiday in #milwaukee. Wouldn't you agree?
Its a count down till I get tha benz.. Im on 1.. Im pushin myself tryna see how much I can do..25 years old doen it mane
Saturday night = taco night!
Watched that 127 hours last night, man that was crazy! Could u do tha deed? Ouch!
hahahaha he would!
Hey everyone! Have any suggestions for a song we should cover? Tweet us!
Help! I'm trapped in Union Station with a group of middle schoolers shouting about Twilight!
all I know is that I just can not bring myself to buy dresses from a place that includes "barn"
Need to play to your skills and resources says
I think King is a PR lackey for Eagles ---> RT : Browns get Jake instead of one of Phil's QBs. Cleveland hasn't solved QB prob
“: #JaneSays by on = #winning. Thank you ” I too am done with Sergio...
Welcome to Twitter!
Thanks! It's Eco Boutique. Enjoy the rest of your stay. RT : what is the soap in your bathrooms? It smells amazing!!
Thanks for helping me become Peoples Champ at the 1st Annual #MKE Meatball Challenge! #ballin Also taking 2nd place
OFF TODAY GUESS ILL REST UP
RT Is it time to go see the #Avengers yet?
umm ... Gees, must I explain everything. Boredom I guess.
Just realized the guy I recognized at HWood was Brian May from Talk about missing an opportunity!!
ESPN First Take "If you like listening to the same argument 3 times in a two hour show"
man i still can't get over just how good this new black keys album is
What!? SCUBA-to-be-kidding me! I just missed out on the best thread of all time.
Hope everyone is enjoying their holiday...
Home Bank of California is collecting socks for the homeless children in SD. Please drop off socks at 875 Garnet Ave. SD 92109
America, I will show these presidential candidates how to create jobs without one piece of legislation. I wll introduce them to housing mark
follow please.. i can give you 3 solo shoutouts if you do, just tweet me :)
New Years Resolutions anyone? I wanna know what you wanna change?
Sometimes my twitter unfollows you. dont worry i'll follow you again .
i can acually see us being together, i just kinda hope we actually get close
About to die
As log as she stays away from 'writing' a novel, we're good.
We're hoping to add more venues to the Perks throughout the season. We wanted chiefs for this first round... but hopefully next rnd
Students-- It's important to read your course syllabus over as it lists your assignments, papers, and guidelines necessary for each class.
Your soo late and did you get my txt?
I love that name! Lol it's my best friend's name too :)
Our film is screening on 11/21 @ 10pm at the NY International Independent Film & Video Festival.
#808Pride break my heart ok its cool but break my friends heart and imma loose my foot up somewhere
Praying for you tonight I know God is for you! Excited for
Thanks for the RTs & mentions! Have a beautiful weekend!!! =)
RT : PSA: Tomorrow night will be the biggest/closest full moon of the year. Enjoy!
lovely to meet ya-- we've got thousands to choose from :)
A big score is simultaneously reinforcement to stay off cigs,and an excuse to let your guard down. One of them good problems!
so happy for the boys, finally on vacation :) seemed like they have fun filming season 3
#WhyDoiAlways Make excuses for the ugly truth?
We agree.
I was heartbroken so I build a bridge and got over it....
I'd say the trending topics on twitter..but that's just me
um no, just more fab, I'm just saying #inmyrachelzoevoice :-)
Congrats Jerome !!!
Thanks for downloading! What's your favorite song so far?? #ladygaga RT : Gaga ioki on my phone omg love
“: flow in the new song is so unique! Great music bruh!” - advancing the genre .. Thank You!
So happy for and her new addition today :)
I'm so cool
i’ll never be anyone’s best friend who i want them to say i am it doesnt mean as much when it doesn’t come from the people you want it to.
Rite Aid on Friday night. WTF?
naww he can stay in the us with me until he gets famous(;
nicely done :)
Well this really sucks! I have a cold! :'(
Read about some of our faculty: Tara McPherson , Holly Willis , Henry Jenkins , Steve Anderson
Rangers wont make it
I enjoy your treats. Putting you on my RacyStuff list so I will be able to find you when I need a laugh. Cheers!
A person can't control there feelings , love a very strong emotion you can't abuse it , do you ?
I will do or maybe we can get or cup cake place on 16th and Bethany next to garage
Always glad to do it! How are things in your neck of the woods?
“: I'm way too emotionally invested in Cory and Topanga's relationship. #BoyMeetsWorld #90sgirlproblems”
i came in after dark the very next day i broke my phone, then my mom found some stuff in my diary that she didnt like. smh
Think May 21st is the End of the World? Can I have your stuff?
just search for people by name and click the follow button.
Remembering that I have driver's ed tomorrow just ruined my night.
YUM!!! BTW, your dad is adorable!
one day will follow me please can that day be today!<33 i love you
Wow, you're a champ. I hit the wall about Sunday every year.
Good relationships don't just happen. They take time, patience and two people getting through all the hard times together.
Did you mean that as a good thing? ;)
You're a good person as well as super talented.
Already? RT Duvall resigns. "It would not be fair to my family, my constituents or to my friends ... to remain in office."
Sure thing. Thanks!
love this!
nope, not the only one. I still want to see it, too; everyone says it's great.
If we cannot end now our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity
I was COMPLETELY freaked. Still can't believe I did it.
My old #KentuckyDerby home is so beautiful right now!
Out in #Berkeley ready for #DWCsf!
Hellzzz yeah! We got this :)
Thanks! Life is changing fast! But I wouldn't want it any other way~
well said homie
It's a recession when your neighbor loses his job: it's a depression when you lose yours. ~ Harry S. Truman
They can additionally teach the patient about the effects of drug use
Don't tell me you cut your hair!!?
May 9 th needs to hurry up so I cn figure out wats wrng wit so I cn drive again tired of depending on people
Obama would never put a dog on top of a car. Dries out the meat
people that use the term dweeb = squares
It's not that i've stopped loving you , it's that i've realized that you never cared.
thanks for the link. I'll check it out when I get to a computer. What's the link to?
I didn't know cartoon network had their lil back in the day cartoon session
I need a man in my life right now hahah
We want to see your favorite hangout! Share with the hashtag
#YouGetPointsIf you can write me a legit song (that isn't cheesy)
It's 11;11(: I made a wish!(: please come true!(:
Where y'all at
ok! Sounds good
Get it girl!!!!
lol! Get her girl!!
Artichokes are my favorite food EVER! I like them stuffed, but even more just plain (steamed or boiled) w/ melted
things to do in wichita ks must see
i get ready and take an hour to straighten and burnthe fuck out of my hair just so you can see me at my best,but you dont even glance at me.
Barack Obama openly backs gay marriage—and civil rights take another huge step forward. Might lose an election ... but was righteous.
Rep. Lundy "A big problem with this conversation is that we are focusing on the 4% rather than 96% of prev. care"
#Royals let the #Yankees win last night. That was sweet of them. Win the next two.
plus I am pretty sure I have to pass the council for approval before any questions popped and bells ring.
how bout that
you were just being rude to my friend. I have the right to get involved.
Thats usually the way communism goes. Only him and his hoods are the are rich. As they keep the rest of the people under foot
Ha it was pretty moving....
This phones battery is the absolute worst
hey valentine. Im going to sleep lonely, but tomorrow is a different story.
you are right about THAT!
I don't understand where I should keep my cell phone...
Now if I can just find a babysitter!!!!
welcome to the internet
what up cousin? Good times with the fam in The Bay!!!
awwie, thanks so sweet thank you! ;"} and your like the same to me ahaha and yeah sure we can DM
RT : Today we have Top Chef's #LikeAMeatball pizza for Take-Out Tuesday 11-2.
Probably still nothing
Good luck PBS's , launching today RT : I'm running our and channels. Hope you'll follow.
Rise against, rise up for what is right, stand alone, are you willing to try
July 29, 1978 - On Old Timer's Day, the Yankees announce that Billy Martin will return to manage the Yankee in 1980.
Wat I'm do tomorrow man lol
Beginning of the End. Lesdoit
'Cuz he looks like John Stamos?
Just saw the news that Alex Gonzalez has a torn ACL...IMO if the #Brewers want to be a contender they need to make a move for a SS.
your altruism is inspirational. offer to write a larger check and maybe they'll seat you faster.
They still have another quarter, though. Hopefully Nuggets can stay strong and force a game 6 :)
Or can leave me when I have to present
I was in the ER last night
I need a Jetsons-type assembly to get me up & ready, put a cupppa in my hand & fly me off to work. I've lost the capacity to wake up*moan*
I have no idea how or why pandora took me from skrillex to Adele.
I'm stalking you~
Who knew that latex balloons were perfectly fine for the environment - sustainable production AND biodegradable? I certainly didn't...
...WE NEED HELP HERE IN WISCONSIN...GOV SCOTT WALKER IS ACTING AN ASS!!!
College Basketball this weekend! Come out to and watch all your favorite teams win!
Your STAR AUTHORS wall makes me smile. Love the welcoming feel of your library!
Fear binds us to a lie.
its okay his bestfriend hates me to! People just love to hate on us..(;
Yes. I agree.
I don't understand why some people find it necessary to drive with their high beams on.
"I do not" "you totally do" LOVE THEM
Power 88 old school thursdays makes my week
I think it's got to be awesome to be Art Garfunkle!
wishing you all a good weekend!
sorry for delay. Yes there is
LMAO....I NEVER SAID THAT HAHAA ...RT : It's something like a coochie party! Lol that's my favorite part
What a day.... what I won't do for + gert jan prins for proper twin subwoofer madness
OK GOODNIGHT FOR REAL!!!
Nice play Swish!!!!
On to the next one.
the lights are much brighter there. u can forget all your troubles, forget all your cares and go DOWNTOWN.
why did u use and why aren't we fb friends??????????
#moms #dads One Major --MYTH-- about #school BULLYING right out in front. Number One "It's just kids being kids"
Had an entertaining 75 minute battle at the #blackjack tables. $40 buy in at a $10 game. Up $2.50! Tech win! Tech win!
Ah all smiles :)
It's not too far off that they'll be making movies just for the international market and if it makes any money in the US, it will be a bonus
Congratulations Jesmyn Ward 2011 National Book Award winner in fiction!
Can't wait for my show in May 11th!!
Buckle up for
I work but I should be off around 9 or 10!
: who wants to pig out and watch a movie
Mom plz come home with my iPhone 4 ... Thank you
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination
with some sick pregame dunks and some oohs and ahhs from cavs fans
Note to self: Leave 15 minutes later for work, because apparently, traffic goes the other way in the morning.
I already have it :)))
how do you feel about Rich Stansbury making fun of Twany Beckham who plays for UK. Was that uncalled for?
Almost the weekend, what are your plans? Whose going out #inpdx? Call & Make an appt and get ready to party while supporting
completely agree.must have a starting point.
yes. She is the power source...she also carries the power source!
I plan on putting them on as soon as I get back to my desk.
Next time I'm definitely keeping my mouth shut
Google goggles? It can solve sudoku puzzles. Image voice search and voice recognition!
Everyone follow He's my brother...and he likes peach schnapps.
WYR... have to kneel a giant in the balls every time you eat, OR speak only in Cockney rhyming slang.
Happy Birthday! Have a great day!
Ride Wit Me - Nelly
Thank you to our new followers!!!!# excited
oh goodness - you can now review individual seats on planes, car dealers get ready to add reviews for backseats, trunk space, glove boxes...
Much needed nap time after leftover pizza.
good one !!
-- wait, what, we're at war?
LOL!!! You must have so much fun!! :)
RT Don't forget that you've only got until tonight to enter your ideas for Umbro Industries for the chance to win £10,000
I like the idea of doing a f/up phone interview, if you can't make a hire/hire decision based on the initial face-to-face
send me you address and I will send you a pack of Snug-itz and Stop-itz.. If you like them please twitt It!
At the office in Hersham, UK, hoping to leave soon. And driving on the wrong side of the road is a hell of a lot harder than I thought...
actually didn't open it yet... saving that one for a bit. :)
what are you looking to do
So #StefanoPilati is out and rumor says #HediSlimane is in @ #YSL. Does that mean the rapture is coming early???
Ozzy and slash rocked the palace!
sorry babe i had to go.:S sorry loveu.<3
Bad bitches always tryna get mad when you scoop em in the coupe & shoot em back home in the cab
Tackling Djuna Barnes' The Antiphon
I believe I can touch the sky….
we've heard about you guys from our bffs at - send us your email address please, lets talk! We <3 cajun!
My throat would have hurt. I've had to scream in roles before, kills my throat all the time! Excited about tnght
Intense game at cherry creek high school... Columbine upset Arapahoe 71-63
friday coming up
Oh yeah, those were the good old days!
Just got new Exciting news! Cant wait to Start Filming!
ahhahaha I think you're right :)
Some days are like that...
Getting my Keratin redone... No more crazy hair <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Good luck! What's the rake structure?
Any eBayers out there? When I do eBay, I use iSale. And now I've got five free copies to give away. If you use a Mac, drop me a note.
In New York. 5am flights are the worst but now I am in Starbucks on the Upper West Side with a caramel macchiato so fuck it, man.
No it opens the 9th of June and goes on for a bit. I just found out about it, so the date is still fresh in my head.
No fair, gets his braces off in 7days but I get mine off in another year!Life just isn't fair..oh well.But happy for ya Austin!
wow, you ain't lying PP!!
Things that will never be said 10 years from now...man that Thornton era team was ridiculous.
exactly, and that was only for 4 hours, imagine 30!!! Haha. That's an entire day to get to know someone.
Anyone want to come down to Roulette with me on Thursday to see Experiments in Opera?
Summer needs to come faster. 3 days a week, i promise. You have to help me move in too!Can't wait.
We're following you, now it's time to start tweeting. cc:
Thanks for RTs!
from PBS - I found it fascinating too!
Just realized I have a 12-hour school/work day ahead of me on 4 hours of sleep :( But seeing & crew last night was worth it :)
In the village with and a girl asked, "so which frat are you guys in? I went to IU. You look like frat boys :)"
wats good bro
damn right
Good Morning #tAGNAtion Remember there's an Elite Clan Op: HC TDM =total kills Tonight 9pm-11:59pm EST
what Hot in MIlwaukee?never! haha nah weathers been decnt. and shit idk its the damn suburbs haha aint shit to really gt ito
Club Day was a blast! Thanks for your help on the Berkeley Break-in NYC
thats amazing! thanks for the great feedback!
oh , true<3
500 followers! This is amazing!
Since I can't make an event on fb, i've got to ask for numbers. :P
OKC, just for Derek Fisher!
keep playin that guitar
dude - come thru!
Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation. <U+2015> Oscar Wilde
I'm wearing my janet shirt to school today
if your talking about man city ad Newcastle just the opposite now Chelsea can still finish top 3 and man u not win title. Lol
“: Traffic school wit and #Boring” Kill me now.
Bored af in science with some friends :p
ive been laying in bed sick all day. Come make me tea!!!! <3
did the third outfit protect you?
The website drops soon as well !!!
I say yes. Reflection of the media of the people. #sad I'll join you, Todd.
Wish I could be in ATL with you. Looking forward to your blog posts.
Late night meal with at kitchen 24
I'm coming over for dinner. What are you making?
I hate it whn my bby start doin this crazy cryn talkn abt sum dada really Markel...my solution let him talk on d phne wit n e body he knw
Can I go back to 1995?
The Phillies have traded OF Scott Podsednik to the Red Sox for cash considerations. -- Todd Zolecki ()
doorstop, paperweight, iconic visual examples of correspondence analysis
My band will be playing a live show tonight! I'm hoping to make some good connections.
#WhiteSox #Hawk must be reading my tweets. Inning ends, "They put a Snowman up there…" Ohman the Snowman, I guess.
I wish I could tell who's fake & who's real.
Yes y'all I'm in my feelings right now lol but for a good cause
I have 0 true true friends 0000, all I have are free riders.
Everyone deserves a quality of life and so that means sharing the disposal of garbage. Most of NYC garbage is commercial anyway. Recycle!!!
I think it had to be #sportingkc related. (and family friendly I imagine.)
Wasup Lovers .. Were new to this whole tweet biz ,So get us some followers or whatever makes us look awesome on here :) <3TFOF
This boy right here is going to play some more Xbox360 & Get on my level!
Hell yeah been out since the 2nd
Needed: An app that tells me how many hours it would take to read my entire Amazon.com wish list, given my reading speed. Any API devs??
You're welcome
"hdjekdvthbye" is & I's conversation ended but we both know it means "love you" lol
Congratulation ! That's great news.
some real nice praxing this week with new lineup- starting to feel it happening again!
ooh - it's pretty! So shiney and new! Very nice b-day prize... :) May this be the start of a fabulous yr!
Cindy, thank you for a kind and immensely insightful review of PERLA!
I been in next month
go follow she pretty af.. she from Jersey.. she gonna follow you back !
That World Civ class suuuuckeddd.. Not gunna be fun
i'm sure they'll love it! :D it's so sad though, knowing that the chances of them following us are
Just got done watching #OneDirection on #iCarly :)
$14.25 Marinated Lamb Kabob w/ rice pilaf, 2 dolmas, greek style veggies, spanakopita, pita & soup or salad!
looking forward to get back up so we can go live with the much awaited article on the Brookfield Bomber at UK!
100 likes in 15 days from 15 different countries. I am thrilled. A big thank you to everyone for liking/appreciating/encouraging my work.
shut it! And we are winning still....
I support this idea.
Thanks Karen!
hmu when you get home
what's up?
I use to dream of goin to the league smh
STOPP MENTIONING ME!! What the hell are you talking about?!?!?!
So excited about what we have planned, I can't wait to share it with you!
Amazing! I stayed up late looking for you... congratulations!!!!!!!!!!!
If dhani does not shut up I may smash my tv...
No, i'm not pregnant. ppl are dumb ahah
Have 2 people interested in my car! Now I need to find a truck quick so I can still have a vehicle...
slow pig milwaukee coming april 22
I owe $130K for my (yet-to-be) brilliant DH career.
My eyes thank you ;)
Bad Teacher. Cheesey but funny
just requested a meeting with the Mayor to talk about events for a Haiti Heritage Week or Month. Wish us luck!
Why do I always chicken out when I wanna tell you how I really feel.?
as long as we maintain common resolve, our journey moves forward, our future is hopeful & the state of our Union will always be strong
Nice! :) RT : . White Rose Brew Dr. Kombucha may be my favorite thing about today
people are put in danger when you drive. <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><U+26A0><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097>
u better have learned from that shit. How bad your mom beating your ass?
I usually do some kind of midterm feedback, but never made the time this spring. Wishing I had.
you don't like hockey you bum
As I apologized to for using colorful language to describe a situation, he responds "That's ok. I'm from BK. I speak french."
Off to a visitation:(
What's your take on the New York Knicks sudden superstar Jeremy Lin?
I swear it's not cool at all..but I drive better when I'm drunk..and I'm text
Bruises and scratches don't phase me.
Opposites attract when a female and male come in contact, sticky situation in fact.
Not really Austin... Haha :p
sounds like a plan, making the run now for coffee, thanks for the update!
#FF The coolest NYC Marathon runner/aunt out there! Wish we were there to cheer you on again!
And they're off! Camp Organic 20 is in full swing and teams are in the field.
oh yu mean the apology sorry I read it wrong lol apology accepted
About time you started following me!
Wendy williams is so damn ugly; ugh
i'm now following pretty funny stuff. follow him too, you know you want to!
$5 bloody's till 5pm also $1 beermosa and $4 mimosa summer is here yeah
Was Vic So'oto practicing today?
We could break another temperature record in Madison today - great way to start the weekend!
Innocent until proven guilty, but If George Zimmerman walks all Hell will break loose. Anyone see a problem here?
I love me some nail polish, and I love !
you will when I get them lol
I have tons of respect for the guys working on our roof today doing an airconditiong unit swap. Cold day for that work - Thanks Carrier!
HEADLESS GUNS featuring members of GROOVESECT and Casey Robinson at Liuzzas by the track tomorrow and Mcnultys Bitter End Sunday no cover!!
Oh noes! I'll miss you living in SF. Congrats on the gig!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY and !!!
Man I don't care if the bus driver is a Nazi. M34 switched to select ticketing transfer a while back.
New beta version of Interlink release today. Added additional CommitCRM Calendar Features to Interlink.
I'm glad that Seattle is back to grey skies. The sun this weekend really threw me off. ;-)
Than after class. I dream to be you. A geek.
i feel you, i will be sad a little but happy for them. i don't see the point of them hating on the girl & Ray tho. smh
The boys of summer are back, now that will mess with the TV programing. Bad enough we have to put up with American Idol.
omh me 2 i love justin bieber :-)
I think Oscar Wilde would disagree!
Hashtag for Saturday's Accessibility Camp DC is #a11ydc. Look for info about streaming two rooms talks later tonight or in morning.
Held #oomf hand on the ride :)
another 100% mourvedre? i've been waiting for it. we've been clutching tight to our '04 telegram.
That walk of shame when you fail at throwing a ball of paper into the trash bin...
": Much has been given us, and much will rightfully be expected from us. ~ Theodore Roosevelt #quote"
<U+FFFD>first ask yourself not <U+FFFD>What will Social Media do for Us?<U+FFFD> but rather <U+FFFD>What Will Social Media Do To Us?<U+FFFD><U+FFFD>
thank you for supporting OBEDIA, it means a lot! Can't wait to see what you make with #studioone !
RT : Breaking - SacBee: Bob Hertzberg won't challenge Fran Pavley for state Senate - saves #DEMs $$$ millions & preserves unity.
live in NLR tonight!
Thanks, Jess! Bubbles to follow!
Preparing for camping in the #Shenandoah National Forest this weekend. Weather looks great, looking forward to taking great
Noontime Power Yoga @ EVBS this Friday! 45 min class. 1 week free of unlimited group class for new clients!
I hate that dumb hoe.
Rabbits in Mythology | kobe shoes
nope we went to the park
#NBA Cant wait to do a blog on tonight's games #Wizards vs. #Magic & #Suns vs. #Jazz both should be good www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87
NJ Gov. Christie proposes making drug courts mandatory -drug courts exist in all 50 states but none to-date are mandatory...
OMG SORRY!!! My brother just stole my iPod! I'm really sorry!
Headed to Mt St Helens!
...midday game on a Monday cause they have work! If every game was at night, and there weren't 13283 games/season (cont)
Just met Craig Adams from the Pens. My he looks fine in a suit. *sigh*
Get yer free FREE Roast Chicken Club @ Arby's today then go climb it off @ Climb Nashville (2 people climb for 1/2 off at GoThereDoThis.com)
Welcome rawker! Get a free download at snd.sc/oYq3kZ off of the debut concept album "commencement EP" available on iTunes & rawkadeus.com
OH MY GOSH....PRETTY LITTLE LIARS I AM SPEECHLESS!
Good Morning beautiful!...Just showing u love
Im fucking bored and not tired what should i do hm...
congrats on the win last night !!!
thank you, thank you. Your poem in that issue is one of the reasons I'm jealous of poets. "Later when he leaked from me..."
hey gal! i just drove~ ah! it was amazing! ill be back on TC in about an hr or 2.
I have not seen many tweets from you lately...are you ok
Last chance to see #willywonka be there or obviously...be square!!
wow feisty.
I like prank calling my Babe ;) :P
that girl I told you about...
#edchat teach them the productive uses for technology tools. I say embrace and instruct. That's what we do teach, right. I hope
nah you don't <3
I am honored. I love you son.
Great idea!
yes yes you should :):)
So the workers at Shedd Aquarium in Chicago have to live in the aquarium till the summit is over. Thats good and bad at the same time.
: smartphone use pervasive; think ROI, align expectations, control the communications chaos
Teething toddler = a lot less sleep. I'm so tired I feel dizzy. Hope he sleeps through the whole night, tonight. :)
Catching hell for my #grilled tofu post but hey, a girls gotta try new things!!
started my day off right! :)
Non-hockey tweet: I could listen to Sheamus talk all day
Also: today I walked across the Chicago Theatre stage, my mom's 20 hours in Chicago are complete & now I go to work 1 hour.
So bitches dont smile anymore? They just poke their lips out in pics real dumb-like? Not cute ...Carry on dumb bitches, carry on.
"There's a market there," sales manager Matt Powers said, "We like to let the customer decide if it's a good item or not."
no idea D:
2 for 1 SANGRIA tonight from 5 - 8 pm. kick ass red or cool summer white. mahalo
Really love when people come sit by me, light up a pipe, and talk about heroin isn't a hard drug
TREASON!!! “: Do you follow ? If not, you should. TOP SECRET: I write it.”
Mr. Beck can sound a lot like a violin with a guitar; the man is incredible w/talent; a Mozart with a guitar; 2me, Nadia =++
I let people use me way too much
Mmkay I will in a sec!:)
Thinking of making "The Introvert's Advantage" part of my personal strategic plan. Enough making it up as I go along.
pls add me in facebook. . it's www.facebook.com/thiakururugi
It's me, it's my choice, it's my life... What can you do about it? Nothing. So why worry about it?
At least I would get shot doing something meaningful....?
I did fool
I haven't yet seen a pretty old person
Obviously the details are more involved than what is presented, but without an MBA, a person can understand what went on.
Guess who just got a job....
Use the recorder feature to record meetings to review later on
thanks! Yes it does. How are you today?
I need a trim. Or to shave my head because I hate my hair!
Where are you, #CP3?
Dream the impossible drink.
Said he'd convert from catholic to baptist that's gotta be some mean pussy make a man change gods.
Been following for awhile now...great stuff!! Will u b posting plays while u r gone??
Danica was so nice! Hotel bars are a great place to meet womem :)
Who you got in this one?
Have a great day tomorrow! Go get that Green Jacket!!
Aww just had to say bye to :( wahhh! Lmao Going to miss you - DEF seeing you again soon!!
possible STL could look to trade back into bottom of the 1st w/ a few of those picks. Maybe GB or NE willing to drop?
Here it is ! Secret life !!
Ouch. Really hoping that wasn't a subtweet.
nice! RT : Want to see all the #SocialMedia sessions at #REcon12 in 1 place? Download the Social Media iPhone app!
You would never hear this quote from a player on another SEC team... RT : UK LB Dupree: "We are not going to be a scrub team"
Mighty dark north of Franklin......
I'm better now just dumb ass tierd
I must look REAL good today bc everyone keeps staring!
The people are so dumb. My roommate is convinced it's fake but I don't think they are smart enough to pull that off. Lol
Painting the streets today!! cant wait!
no idk think so i mean we're such a good couple now n i love u
what!!! Who pierced it? Will you please pierce mine!
<3 <3 <3!!! We're going to remind you of that come February 2013!
Cruisinn with my nigga , how tf we end up by warren lmfao
I love your tweets follow Please? ur stunning :)
her old Cordon Bleu skills... can she make it in the hip Mendocino food scene? Will her marriage survive? Can she have it all?!
YOU SUDDENLY STOPPED TALKING TO MEH !xx
always happy to contribute to diva-ville!
Fuck all you bitches, im my own best friend. (;
#BlackParentsQuotes : You don't pay no bills up in here , you can get the fuck out !"
Best of luck to all the hunters. Sitting this one out.
Absolutely Send an email with your interest and we'll contact you soon!
no...Vamos Chicago Bulls :)
Weekend away w/ my hubby for my birthday...I am so blessed to be married to such an AMAZING MAN!
Ross Borden contibutes #CityOfHerosFreedom success to taking major design decisions based solely on Community feedback
"daddy, can I have some candy?" Not yet boys, you have to eat your donuts first. - #imsuchagooddad - Happy Easter!
Kobe is a turnover king
I'm at the zoo again, this time to visit the Orangutan family.
Omfg my phones h8's me..
your welcome
Just finished coercing Bear out of the attic. Dad said he "wandered" in there... did he wander, or was he pushed?
Congratulations to our team camp champions: JV - Regis, Soph - Overland, Fresh - Cherokee Trail.
I can stop the signal.
Does anyone have an acoustic guitar I could borrow for a shoot tomorrow? Pretty please?
Jean Ingelow - "I have lived to thank God that all my prayers have not been answered."
Back home, but I'm itching to get back on the road already.
bro we need to go fishing right now or something. Seriously.
you and your mom can get through this <3 just be happy and positive when you're with her. It will help her a lot!
yours started already?
I love how my timeline is people talking about random stuff and once comes online everyone tweet follow me haha
Tryin to mix with a mouse and free software -_____-
Biting the bullet and transitioning to ICE-NINE FILMS. Vonnegut-appropriate spelling. (Consider this test #3.)
Hello, flowers. Meet the Texas sun. Goodbye flowers.
#ReasonsWeCantBeTogether You drink & smoke constantly, and you pick fights over Victorias Secret commercials you saw on TV.
Lol I think a already tweeted that, but it's so True!
Hey #Cleveland, be sure to checkout our newly launched website!!! www.MomentumCleveland.com
what time are you going?
#ImSickOf people who compare to . Austin is Austin. Justin is Justin.
godzilla or the kiddo?
Being in love with someone can come with a lot of pain.
Employee Ticket Trivia: What is the name and significance of the field where play? 1st correct answer wins 3 May 7 tix!
no clue what ur talking about lol I'm going to hell
Do attorneys have a duty to do pro bono work for Legal Aid?
OK, so has some fontal issues (the lowercase "L" and the uppercase "i" look the same) So they are now
It feels good to be there for someone.
I'll be there w/ and Workshop Weekend folks. Hope you will swing by!
It is not righteousness to outrage A brave man dead, not even though you hate him.
Mr. Cook says RDA = Bicycle Shed. Agree!
let Newt know it would be nice if he invited and me next time ;)
Hi Trish. Welcome. It just requires a bit more self control with fewer restraints. Have fun.
i've been trying for a long time to get to follow me......i not gonna give up tho...follow me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
UM SUPER JEL.
PLEASE follow me? I would absolutely love for you to follow!
how's the feeding going kiddo? Aunt G's probably going to blow her reunion diet w her birthday brunch on Sunday.
So excited for this time will sign my ARM
Im getting closer and closer........
S/O to my girls tonight! GOOD LUCK!!!
I keep the cannon for you niggas who be wild'n out
Thanks for the follow!
whoops I tweeted to the wrong Sadie but just sayin I need Akira assistance!! Miss you
Send your thoughts/prayers to these families. RT Killed in school-bus crash: driver Thomas Spencer, 60; student Donasty Smith, 5.
We're already looking forward to the beautiful weather this weekend! Do you have any plans?
sexy time?
The graduating class of 2012 was a memorable one im going to miss so many of you.
HELL NAW! . . . . Well maybe ~~>RT : If twitter shut down, would you remake your MySpace?
let my count them up and we'll back to you :) definitely blew up my phone last night, all I heard was buzz buzz buzz
Went into Target to get one item. How did I end up spending $50?
oh ok cool
Oh the stuff you hear at the bar!
Top 10 rejected Playtex sport tampon #soccer sayings: I'm open
Thinking about Life After Journalism? Attend SD Press Club workshop Wed May 19, 6 pm Members free, others $10. Info, www.sdpressclub.org
Any time sir!
Aldready got our tickets for your show in milwaukee!
myspace.com/
Lmao i rlly just got my 2 yr old cousin addicted to temple run...
I love MB MB MB MB MB MB MB MB MB MB MB MB MB MB...
Fly Like an Eagle works too
- my head? What do you mean!?
I am yours to keep
What a beautiful day... finally! I wish I was on the bike with my hunny today!
great photos of our city! best of luck in the contest! <3
Congratulations! I can recommend a great book...something about exploiting your baby. It's a must-read.
I'm hungry.
I love
follow these tweets
check out the graphic designs on fb "graphic designs done by Tonya Coop" let me know what ya think
A belated TY!
Its the kind of problem you want to have! Country radio has been great to me my whole career. I can't thank those folks enough- G. Strait
what sorta Bender would that be...haha...
cool! Conference better today.
you guys are the awesome ones:)
Listen to 's new hit song #NewOrleansDreams" Just broke into the Top10! Luvin it!
This is my shit
$5 Pastrami all day Saturday!
ill let you know in a minute haha I'm
Married 22 years ago today to my best friend. We are blessed. 143
My hands are starting to callous. Ewww
Grisham`s Calico Joe. The Last Great Game was a good book, wasn`t it?
How was your day? Do not forget to check us out tomorrow for new job opportunities! www.joborworker.com
Was he stalking that Devil in the Blue Dress that he harassed so mercilessly last night?
Congrats to Manu Ginobili making it to the 5th slot on all-time Spurs scoring list. You da man!
hey matt how are you
i'm awake :p
But wouldn't that be redundant anyway?
Got my tix for Cutting Edge tmrw!! (: They have a "Twisted Love" theme for Valentine's day! A Haunted House for Valentines??! #HeLuvsMe! (:
Congratulate yourself if you have done something strange and extravagant, and broken the monotony of a decorous age.
These late goals never get old!! Now CLOSE IT.
omgzzzz so close
Thanks for the follow.. we never charge extra for emergencies, holidays, weekends or nights...24/7
Hunger Men Mad Games Weekend. Oh, It shall be wonderful. Someone needs to put Betty Draper into the arena.
Thank You for #following #actinginla Were #following you too!
Thanks, you too!
Indoor cycling is still not my friend..
Hilarious! Our family thought she was shouting and agreed with Karla. Her voice is phenomenal, though.
thanks! & i dont feel any different. Im abit more sassy though. Hahah
A tough game is 72-73 quadruple over time thriller an embarrassing beat down is 40-60 L
too hungry right now
I thick they want me in this shot! Im waiting then
we should get coffee sometime in the next few weeks
This game might have been won by a stiff arm on #22 LOL.
Which 1 of our specials is your favorite? Tonight we've got stuffed shells, salad, garlic bread, & small drink for just $7+tax!
#agt was great tonight!
Shouldnt all teachers and educators work on information literacy? Not Just librarians? Also, get the librarians out of the libraries.
Met great people at Big City Mom's Biggest Baby Shower. Lots of fun products, moms-to-be, and yummy food!
Smith is definitely the mayor of WTF
Thank goodness received her life planner, things were a little outta control for a few weeks. Hahahaha
reminds me of one of my Ken dolls I had as a child. Perfect hair, pretty eyes...etc.
Also, this Saturday is a possibility. is the man with the plan.
gross, but true.
i require detailz soon.
I started remembering to take my reusable shopping bags into the store when I got some incredibly cute ones.
Heard Ginger Man is one out, one in. #sxsw via
#Dream Really Dream #My IS
I just won 5 bucks!
on a yellow bus going down the west side highway. last time this happened was middle school.
What did I just do?? Is there a rewind button?
party's cancelled, my mom found out
Kool's Bazaar is now rocking the Artsgarden.
Whiskey Wednesday,s at MotherLoaded Tavern tonight!! I start spinnin music around 9pm! Hope to see u!
Yours truly is the guest speaker at Sooner Nutrition tonight at 7pm! Come and prepare for your world to be rocked!
Seriously, Mosley is swollen beyond belief. Also happens to look 45. Guy needs to ride off into the sunset & hang up the gloves
Tommorrow I definitely going Perimeter Mall to get that same plate of food I had today. Food excites me.
Thanks so much for your support!! it really means alot to me!! :)
lol at all
I know I haven't said this in a long time but I really, really, really want to be Helen Mirren when I grow up.
he has no contract after this season. Coaching free agent.
Tough one for many. I break too long of posts into mini-series if it can be done.
CONGRATS!!!!!!!! U R FANTASTIC KELLIE!
#youknowyouraswimmerwhen you are hungry every 5 seconds, always tired, dont have a social life, and smell like chlorine.
long time
Finally off work.. Back at it at 6 am
in other news I sure picked a hot ass week to straighten my hair. Smh. Nearly 80 everyday in michigan. When does this ever happen?
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
..lol. it does that from time to time
Actually working on that challenge. Teaching my kids (8 and 10) design, product / service, and business topics. :)
Special prosecutor in Trayvon Martin case announcing a 5pm (Central Time) news conference.
My heart is breaking open to hold your life...I can carry all your sweet little secrets there so few yet I know you need the rest from them.
Thanks for the shoutout!
I just arrived in Taiwan to video our new Crest 40x56 Bolster Clamshell Diecutting press
Yep! About a year ago now I moved down to CA. I like it!
After that terrible start what a 2nd half go
Sex without love is really just exercise
Nice bunt izturis ya fuckin dingus
hope you brought your Valtrex
Thought of the day: With so may new tools and processes -wrt development coming into play, is front end dev becoming more like software dev?
They keep their levels at 10 but look like babies. I don't like the 10-hour wait time to change them, though.
"I made a commitment. I'm willing to bleed for you." <3
OK, we'll drop everything and return asap. /cc
Because of this I'd be all for a Jordan Hill-Josh McRoberts lineup...for a few min RT Andrew Bynum and Pau Gasol have lazyitis
ha ha ah Ha Not Cool :(x<3
I just earned the Mexi-Can badge on #Yelp!
if that’s your hoe that’s my hoe too
Don’t bother making space in your heart for someone who doesn’t make an effort to stay.
Absolutely. Or worse, customer.
Stopped for the night. What a long drive that was... Another long drive tomorrow.
I have 44 songs in my journal, and half of them are ready to be recorded. I really need my gear back .-.
I gave her dope dick,hello world im da dope dealer!
Hi Terry, Thanks for following me on Twitter. I'm a freelance writer for Community Newspapers special sections. Enjoy your show
Getting ready to head out to Orlando for the NAVC 2011. Don't forget to stop by booth 1833 in the Gaylord Palms Resort and Convention Center
Someone asks: how you doing? My reply in my head: stressed, worried, afraid im not good enough, my real reply: awesome. Fml
Naw......what's the good word?
fucking follow me
order your shirts now! (: only $10 and they come with an autograph ;D preorders end March 15th! email to order
There's nothing wrong with wanting to go back. The problems start when we get stuck there.
the mau follow thing.
season 5 episode 2. You're welcome!
u going to the chi?
oh wow I'm ready to verbally abuse the CVS pharmacy department
waiittt are you Maryland alum too!?
She Go To
(( lol, that's part of why I've stayed with him for so long. ))
Are you serious? No one in Cali? I wish it was me-just keeping it 100%.
Albert Einstein Common sense in an uncommon degree is what the world calls wisdom.
Boo! That's a mean trick! :)
Happy #WineWednesday everyone! The weekend is peeking around the corner at us. . .
remember those who have fought for our freedoms on this Veteran's Day Nov. 11, 2010.
Good night?????? U better be joking!!
New song posted on facebook! Go take a listen and let us know what you think!
No problem! I just wish I could make it to the meeting myself!
We don't have a riding mower anymore, so I had to use the push mower. Now I have blisters.
Don't forget to follow our individual twitters! and
Good #LikeableChat everyone! Thanks for the great insights. Seems like we had a pretty big crowd tonight? Have a good week all :)
I haven't worked out in 2 days I feel fat but I look good.
We're having a mtg of the minds RIGHT NOW w/the producers - & Nick Jones - for our new project being announced Friday!
Thanks for the follow , &
and I enjoyed meeting you last night! Great event! I know you will do great things for !
These ads for Consumer Cellular crack me up. They target old folks... then put all kinds of disclaimers in tiny print grandma can't see.
Hi and welcome to Twitter!
ight we see
How do you make your day more interesting?
language and proper communication are a huge factor.. think im learning lots about that these days
Brewers game, heck ya.
Marty in Houston: Between here and Louisiana, big caravans of emergency vehicles moving west on I-10.
Yay for Sol!!!! :-D Glad you are having a fantastic time in the 101 class!
getting a job at the cleaners place by my house.
In school -.-
sleep is so under rated. >.<
wow, you really do. My 2007 has 35,000, and that first year I drove to Los Alamos for work.
Preview up soon....
Faith in Christ will keep us steady in the stormy sea of change.
Got my ticket. Now I just need to figure out where the hell Columbia Heights is.
Omggggz s prodigy is. SO freakkin sexy omg I love you prod love: ania aka the The Prods wiffy :) :)
haha...I take good food pictures and make good food, or so I have been told :p
Go kick its ass
if women are told #ThinkLikeAMan to understand men; then men should be told #ThinkLikeAWoman to understand women.
idk why I insist on finding things out that I know are going to get me in a bad mood
Is it just me or does everyone else always wonder where everyone's flying to in the airport? Sometimes I wish I could switch people flights
I think UK should get a bye to the NBA finals. They might have to play a tough game then.
Panic is upon us!!
But, wait, it's got to be satirical. yes?
DO IT!
Baked ham, baptist beans, broccoli rice, pickled peaches, cranberry sauce, mince pie. sigh...
"I don't care what marketers like, I care what my customers like" (paraphrase) via
"Allow children to be happy in their own way, for what better way will they find?" - Samuel Johnson
lost again, I must be too far behind in gaming (at least I hope it's gaming).
You would think not having a job would mean a lot of free time. I feel busier now than when I was employed!
what if he does them while in a kayak?
Macs are far superior for graphics :)
Kinda scared me there...
HEY ASH
do your thing tonight!
never again!!!
yea..of course:)
me fuckin too!
Yes! RT : Eyes to the future, I'm watching Great things to come!
They playing tonight on k97? THANK HER NOW for the resurgence of REAL hip-hip on free radio! #proudtobefromNC #howyoulikehernow?
Just finished kicking it with the fam. Gunna go play some xbox
Some chick has a hula hoop here
Awkie moment when a 12 year old has bigger boobs than
Arby's has the best!(:
bahahaha i was like i needa look myself up
GOP: "We're all in the same boat!" (Only the rich are lounging in a deck chair; the rest of us are scraping barnacles off the hull.)
I had six or seven for the whole two hours. Maybe more tonight. But I help through messaging too. Some students FB messages.
how did you meet One Direction? your soo lucky
thanks for sharing and I love your profile pic. hahaha. ^ag
Thanks, dude. Up on SASS/Compass. Will check out the other two.
It's the next morning & I have to ask if someone would please loan me $25000 for the ed clark at parish gallery georgetown.
Every time I hear Russell Simmons talk I think about those first few days for all of the kids who had to wear retainers.
Pro-tip: Fall asleep with books in your bed, wake up covered in outstandingly bizarre bruises.
"He thought there were three outs...Yo, Montero! You get three in this league, Young Man!"
angelina would b perfect!
Thanks for the retweet! I love when my friends get my sense of humor... must be a cancer thing! And have a fun trip!
Grill successfully acquired! On the way back home.
thanks for the info.
thanks buddy!
My but and legs are sore...
I could sleep all night...I rolled around in bed for ever. I guess its cause its so big, and just me in it
I'm actually on twitter. Miracle.
So much hw to do.
I love playoff hockey.
Follow Miami's Finest Singing Sensation, Song Writer, Model, and Dancer.
Anthony Rizzo with a two-out, two-run single. trail Memphis 3-2 in 3rd. Travis Wood on mound for Iowa
oh my please let me know when I live in LA so I would love to attend...
Shelter visits are a necessary evil. Its hard to keep a level-head seeing all the abandonment but It gives us renewed purpose and drive!
when u decide to quit hiding behind a keyboard, ima beat dat azz
Watching Matt on twitcam lately, just realized I haven't said anything. -________________-
we are now tied at 44 on Now your higher than me on IMDb. Way to go girlie
Np: same damn time
It's Talib Kweli and Res.
#Seahawks sign 8 draft choices including Irvin, Wagner and Wilson. Only Turbin and Howard remain unsigned.
Schedule is in your inbox
I love sours.
A- Amazing U- Unique S- Singer T= Talented I = I love youu N- nobody can bring u down <3 I love you <3 And always will <3
NEW EPISODE: Building #Green in #Taiwan with Arthur Huang & Greg Thomson of
ballot at all period. 2013 ballot biggio gets in and pizza wont and the other three guys shouldnt be on the ballot
Cool!! Hope you can make it!
Francis hates me, so I'm left in Manhattan with two free movie tickets and no one to see a movie with... I need more friends.
Studio day..time to go to work!!
RT : When people are at the cutting edge of solving problems, we learn from them
LS 1426 just receive the 2011 Humanitarian Award. Thanks Mulcare Hair Design Make-Up Artistry. Thank you for your support.
Twitter will not be big enough for head now!
Time to read again: The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire! Costly wars in foreign lands; greed and corruption at the highest levels; ...
So the Ravens we will play.
I feel like god has a special plan for me i just wish i knew a little bit about the plan
BRING ME THE HORIZON and August Burns Red hitting up the Masquerade in Atlanta today. See you there!
Thanks! Just landed in Newark. Lucked out on an early and direct flight! Let's talk soon, man! Movie night needs to happen!
my dad said I was crying in my sleep... Omg lmao I had a dream that Liam proposed to me. Oh lord.
goodmornin hansome :) cody, you REALLY need to come to WISCONSIN we miss you!! <3
Sturtevant village president Steven Jansen is absent from tonight's board meeting, after being charged with stalking.
Righ Lol I Might Ask My Mom & See What She Says
Sunday editing underway. Looking for #PictureLock by Christmas.
This is just a job. It doesn't define me. I define it.
What a great photo! Is this a GS troop reunion?
Thanks to for including logo in the latest issue. You guys are awesome!
Long fun night?
Just ordered my swimsuit for italy and for my pageant <U+2665> (: should be shipped out in a few days love fast online orders!!
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid i didnt care about what i would wear.
Good Night Tweeter
u already know! #loveyamore ;)
I miss being excited over a new boyfriend. :)
near university of baltimore
awesome tattoo! Where did you have that done?
oh Another "team" Rocks the runway! And loved 's print tonight!!
Have you purchased any of the weapons featured on our show? Which one(s)?
Bout to head to carmel to show the softball team some love!!!!!
Also we have FREE Rolling Rock from 6-8 pm tomorrow!
Might just be out all night though its fucking amazing outchyeaa
Jumping over to public websites w/ Dr. Greene. #lma12 - Brand Driven Websites.
Wishing you a quick recovery, then!
Loving the U-club at Symphony Tower. Makes me feel...like a member of a club kinda.
Lets go Bucky!! way to go
And i got you missy with the email working on sum new crack love
Another award...well ok then....thanks so much!
Thanks, Tim! It was a warm, humid, mosquito-filled lovely placed indeed (Barbados, that is); the archives were inside w/ A/C.
Nice to see Ridley getting some touches
Thinking short term only ever gets you short term results.
Our Hero does a mean Cabbage Patch. RT Badgers were huddled in tunnel when this went OT. Back to Locker Room for more dancing.
okay i quit I QUIT THIS IS SO SHITTY
Ok, so gave a S/O on the FB, so... gets the S/O on twitland. #amazing #photography by fab
I'm there, but I don't use it, and I don't get the sense I'm missing much.
An edible European flat flatfish
KC is also a serious contender IMO. Romeo hands over the O, Bowe/Charles/Baldwin/Moeaki. Great NFL city/AFC west.
Good Luck Talon! Take it down!
You make pissing me off an olympic sport.
I'm done now back to me being sick :-(
Whoa! are following me. Much appreciated.
Can I "check in" to my beer?
Congratz to Rory McIlroy, starting off the season like a champ and held off Tiger Woods this weekend
Awww I miss that little guy so much!
Go to Google and type in "Let it Snow" How fun is that!!
Yes, we should. Erin hadn't started working on them as of yesterday, but she'll probably sent out an email when she's done.
yeeeeeeeeeehhhh. Somewhere with a bajillion TV's please.
#followmeallisimpson i luv u n your brother!! U both r one of my many inspirationz!!
I thought for sure this was a sure thing, but I guess not.
The spelling is atrocious on Twitter...
John Duthie Quits as European Poker Tour CEO!!
follow back? YOLON
i go hard in the paint, boyfriend muggin' all hard cuz he can't <U+2755>
Wiz khalifas part in pay phone>>>the rest of the song
Blazer game watching
lifes a garden... dig it? well.. heres my profile..... follow me?
should totally come to the east coast Or ill die inside. A lot. <3
are you in Nashville untill teen hoot? or are you going home before then?(: hahahha
Ignite: Lose 8-15 lbs in 8 days or get your money back. Message me for more information.
I was taught "if you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all". Some people make that statement hard to live by...
haha yeah he was like "hes so good" lol
Strike that last tweet. is REALLY waking me up now!
Y facebook when u have my direct connections
hm.... when i say it, i insult my girlfriend... but i agree with u :D \m/
foothills is scattering happiness everywhere wherever you go.foothillsrehab.com
Sounds good to me. I still just have my original five items in the collection.
On this 2K . just beat mack ass
I assume that was purely a joke and that you've seen both Sherlock and Tinker Tailor
whats on the agenda:Trustee Education: Fiduciary Responsibility
climb climb climb climb... branch
RT: MoneySmart Parents Set a good example.. Talk to your kids about how you find money to save >> Starts @ home.
not all scholarly perspectives are detached (thankfully!)... e.g. ethnography
you down with #team3some?
"The weed of crime bears bitter fruit. Crime does not pay." 1st person to tell me who said that, wins signed copy of THE PARADISE PROPHECY.
Really.? How Does It Taste Like.?(:
lawn mowed. the dandelions cried when i sliced their little necks. :(
Started P90X today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Do something every day that you don't want to do; this is the golden rule for acquiring the habit of doing your duty without pain.
You're leaving an impression that I wasn't expecting
I am not..... Unless you can change mother's mind..
I heard it was a packed house for the opening night Congrats! How did it feel?
When My Mom Yells EDWIN ELIJAH QUIÑONES VEGA!!! In Her Angry Voice Yeah, Ish Just Got Real.
I washed my face and cleaned it and now I put my aloe.
I cnt wait to actually get to 1000 followers :D
Oomf is extremely extra....too much for me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
#TIL that Albert Einstein would charge people $1 for an autograph. He'd then donate this money to charity.
Thank you for the retweet ! Hope you will join the discussion on LinkedIn -Mark
Spanky is the sex man.
WOULD SOMEONE LIKE TO CO-OWN AN ACCOUNT?? THIS GIRL NEEDS HELP
No seriously, HOW?!
yes, perhaps UK's failures can be corrected by following success strategies of Brazil, India, China :)
So happy to sleep.
Volleyball in Yuba City
That sounds delicous, and I'm as far from a vegetarian as one could possibly be!
Karen hand made you three different types of tamales: pork, chicken or chorizo. yum
Why is everything annoying and frustrating me right now..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
probably taller than you. -.- being a girl that's tall sometimes sucks. Haha
Did you just send me an article from 2009? I think that is the real joke here.
Deal. I can't wait to increase my luck!
Thanks to Tina at #Blue Water Resort and Casino. Had a great time photographing your place.
Some girls don't realize what they're worth, and some guys don't realize what they have.
When your the only black person in a room "why is everyone staring" lol
Sounds good!
shout to Dallas...Whoop!
It doesnt take math skills to copy..thats why god made classmates lol
Thanks for the RT.
nice looking dish boys!
are you watching the game live?
That was definitely the greatest live chat ever!! ZAMERON!!
Bout To Lay Out<U+2600>
We're probably guilty of a good 20 of these. Good thing we found each other :)
Oh yeah. This is why i usually don't fly during the holidays. #DCA #ClusterF***
Can't wait to see lil Ted. Drew- not so much. RT : morning! Little teddy and I are watching you (oh and drew too)
seriously??? Does it scare you like tornadoes???
Only thing I luv about summer is sun dresses and short shorts Damn!! And bikinis too :)
Too warm for hot tea? Try brewing some jasmine and blend (2:1) with a mild iced black tea. Stir in a touch of raw honey and enjoy.
This was an emotional morning for Leilani. This is the first time I'm going on a trip w/o her and none of her aunts are there for her. :"(
you want me to bring you anything?
Through the Past, Darkly - JD Supra (press release)
This is unbelievable!
"I should get miniature explosives and just blow things up."
In Vancouver, checking out waterfront public space and the downtown public library. Please send suggestions for library-like spaces to see.
Jesus, Gaga is so ugly
Not opening today. A longer than anticipated haul today
Would anyone believe me if i said i basically ate A WHOLE cake yesterday and today ... a HOMEMADEone from scratch
let's do it!!
started a project involving android and the 920AR - it just never got finished. Keep me in the loop as you progress
Remember those dreams where your falling out the sky and then you hit the floor and wake up on the ground.
I appreciate it! I'll add you to mine as well!
#LightMasters Number 13 by "Okay, I'm ready and willing to discover my truth," says Jessica.
truuuuuueeee.....truuuueeeee good point. and THANK you for connecting me to some play ppl of COLOR! YES!
M yummy in my tummy RT : Ewwwwwwwww RT : M water!!!
Don't ya just love all the options! RT : Love both! Right now, I'm living off of audio books. :)
Looking forward to moving to #RVA! DM me if you know of any #job openings!
I lay down when the sun comes up
Woooop! How was it?
Angelenos! Looking forward to seeing you tonight - reading from #PERLA at Traveler's Bookcase, 8375 West 3rd, LA, CA, 7 pm
Remember How Terrible That Sharpener On The Back Of The Crayola 64-Crayon Box Was
Single parent households have children with the most issues. Fathers/mothers need to work better together to impact dropout/incarceration.
: RT : That awkward moment when you look over at the car next to you, and Vicky boo owns
I'm not ya daddy!
Oliver Goldsmith: "A man of literary merit is sure of being caressed by the great, though seldom enriched." Umm, I'll pass on the caressing.
I want you to invite me to your event just so I can tell you I'm not coming.
Checkout cast of at the Teen Choice Awards
Your timeline is essential reading when I come on Twitter.
I wonder if they make kids books on the subject? Kinda like Sheen and Cruise prior to losing their ever loving minds.
"and calm is restored"-jay lol
Thank you - it is nice to be co-following.
I can't believe Kieran Millan actually finally graduated. I feel like he's been BU's goalie since the Clinton administration.
Happy Orthodox Christmas to all
Time to get ready for school.. :/
Need to make some tweaks.
Need help sizing your evaporative cooler? Residential coolers come in different sizes ranging from 3000 to 6500 cubic feet per minute (CFM)
Thank you Lord for all that you have given me. I am blessed to have such a great family and friends.
With 9 laps left in race 2 Melandri and Haslam are both in the top 6, keep up the great work!
Aw, thanks! RT : #FF abortion fund dream team:
there's this girl who asks for you afterschool when she sees me and they call her kiwi lololol
Marking my calendar and picking up the book! See you May 2.
is in the house.
Isn't Windows the original expandOS?
WOW!!! Bin Laden dead? Obama to make statement.
Friday night at the Starbucks wooooooot
happy birthday!!!!
Hanging out at my honey's this weekend. Just me and his mom while he is off working. More pie for me. Working tomorrow. Poo
Someone told me to go to NC cuz they got pretty girls. I said ok they got pretty but they covered with dat AIDS i wanna live im good.
what's up with you my man
so if you want to film any acting shorts and stuff let's get in it! Yea?!
Watchn the fight go Jon Jones!!
it's not a homer but I'll take it! Maybe they can actually get a hit with a RISP now
Man Id kill 4 some
so proud of you!
Congratulations on your academic success and graduation! Wear that grad gear with pride! ^bw
Just got done shooting my movie ! I'll have it to ya'll in a couple days so stay posted !
favorite day of the week =) class ends at 5
Recovering from a nights worth of tarazas malbec and sb wine co pinot. Great evening!
If I haven't already thanked you: thank you for that nice note! xx
#Baylor vs. #Colorado great execution and pace.
Hey, when our website just went down? That was NOT me. I was only messing with forms on the test server.
#IkeDavis got a hit!
Student: "I wish I had Glee when I was a teenager."
ALA Booth #2416, stop by and register to win a Nook!
I'm about to have a mental breakdown. I feel it coming.
and book.
Sorry the cakes all gone and the clowns just left...
Tuned into "the mix up" with :)
RT : Have you heard? Our Open House is Thurs 5/17! If you're in Tally: stop by, grab a bite to eat, meet our staff & students.
Eventually got around to changing platform for my old blog and ready to start again www.mikegrehan.com
mine always said, "you've got too much makeup on"
#YouKnowItsRealWhen you catch yo self checkin there page 3 times a day
What’s the value of knowing yourself? You can’t like someone unless you know them. ~Richard Carlson
Please tell him that he is welcome to email with any questions. I am eager to know what he thinks.
#thatawkwardmoment when someone tells you to text them then they dont even text you back.
I know I've stated doubts about #Ravens taking WR but Reuben Randle is still out there. WRT OL, Konz is still out there.
We are what we repeatedly do Excellence, then is not an act but a habit.....POOF!!!!
Susan Stevens Crummel visit in our library today. Fabulous fun!
Thank you for all the support girl! Means the world to me! xo
what's the verdict? How was your first day?
Bruins are killin me...
Attention, Anomalites! "Baudelaire's Hand" by Russell Edwards is now available, and copies are going fast. Order yours before it's too late.
#DylanFact When he was younger, he didn't really watch cartoons, but instead he'd watch country music videos. :)
Second performance of Dios de Adrenalina felt a lot better. Complete w/drunks & local characters intervening the space
#GhostTheMusical w/Kenneth. Best seats/date in the house :)
You are welcome... you are a strong guy and will have it soon
Internal site search, your under representation will be my biggest challenge.
Waiting for laundry to finish :/ cant wait to be done w/sunday chores
ah diggy i hope you follow or tweet me someday!!!!!!:)
Strange. That vocalizing at the end of Wish You Were Here seems so un Pink Floyd like. First time I notice.
Thanks Phil! We are happy you are watching!
I'm working it. So I will have to leave the Brewer game at 3:30.
Now yo just saying dumb shit... Um you're cancelled
RT : Warning: Judgment may impair drinking
Made turkey vegetable soup this morning...it will be ready for dinner.
Four for you, Ivy Lynn. You go, Ivy Lynn.
Currently having a huge breakthrough. Ive spent weeks thinking I was being wronged, but im wrong. Im bein given a 2nd chance.
I keep track of my time as if I'm working in a billable hours system. Each class/research project/committee is a "client." +
Sit in a stairwell? .okay
My accent I have sometimes, is like so ew.
Why do guys cut the back of their pants .
Tonight going 21 Jump Street. Hopefully it's good.
Just call me a
“: The Avengers came out last Wednesday in France :)” Jealous
Jim Winkler is giving a great presentation at our #gc2012 class at
Yeahh... You should
thanks for checking, but you'll want to check w/ I will not be able to make it to this year's conference :(
<3 u my friend! See you guys tonight!
Forever the second choice.
Implement video more often around the bases.
im not sure . probably a guy .
sending a s/o back at you!!
Thank you so much!! I'll let you know where we land. :)
Thanks for the follow Jon! I'm a big fan of Copyblogger :-)
I ONLY CAM FOR A CHECK FAM...THEY CAN'T PAY ME WAT I'M ASKIN OR WORTH SO I MAKE MEANS TO PAY MYSELF ..WAT U TRYIN TO DO HUSLE OR GET WORKED
": Fuck my ex I'm moving in with my NEXT ."
I'd probably fail the class... Lolol.
Conversations with God
thanks for the follow!
"Glucosamine, you know what I mean?"
Springdale Mayor&#39;s Breakfast Set For Thursday
Take shopping carts for the express purpose of filling them and stranding them at strategic locations
sorry I wore a pacers shirt today, I guess that means I'm a bandwagoner now too even though I've had this shirt for like two years now..?
Definitely Sherlock for me.
It was me. I wanted to add an "NT" after the "S" in ur twitter name RT email got hacked, probably my facebook and twitter too.
Backing up some work! Make room for CS6
this wine and beer about to have me sleep!weiLL_takeYOURmanwe
What should be the order we write in?
I hope I can raise kids to get some scholarships! School will probably be 1 million dollars in 20 years!
That's weird. I'll check the user permissions. What about you ? Are you able to sign in to Resident Evil Fanboy? ^NE
Thank you for a wonderful lunch and delightful staff.
watch espn make excuses for New York & Lin
How's ur day?
": #Scorpio knows how to please."
I need to get to 6 foot before the summer ends....
U can't love nobody until u love yourself
I would say me but u know peopl might be mad
Enjoyed this morning's SHRP presentation and meeting my co-panelists.
At the Social Media Super Session at
RT : I follow museums to learn about their collections, exhibitions, generally. But one specific thing? I dunno.
Paranormal State is the shit, period.
if only my boyfriend would pick me up from evening school then go out and eat. C:
I love my mom she puts up with all my craps that I do and still loves me,I find it impossible.
Good Morning #COSrings. It looks like its going to be a great day for us today.
Most 2-hour meters are at perimeter of downtown. However, two pilot programs with new meters offer 2-hours in downtown core.
We have much to learn about the fabric of space-time. But we know you can't make a decent sweater out of it. Too scratchy.
I can't wait to read.
you should see Nya's lol
Things to do in life: try stand up paddleboard yoga
LOL! Windows just did an update and now my notebook won't boot. RT : Screw you Apple and you $80 chargers...
Don't Miss ESBN MONDAY NIGHTS @ ALLURE 2224 Elm st.!Hot New Club Downtown.HUGE Every MONDAY!Industry Mtg 8-10 & Party After 10-2am!! RT RT
Follow back woof woof(:
Mike O'Malley!!!! FINALLY!
Finally got some minutes on my phone!!! Yay!!!!
With Out Music My Life Would Be Over!<U+2665><U+2665>
ii cant yo mom want let me
yea when its hot out freeze dem bitches...shit is butta
Anyone have good elementary science prof. dev. resources? Classroom gardening/greenhouse especially welcome
With my dad gettin ready 2 get dropped off...so bored
Happy St. Patrick's Day #Boston! says #News a #SEO & Content Firm is getting a #Lawsuit for #Age #Discrimination. :(
Easter miracle at Citi Field?
I pick and choose my battles. Today, sleep will prevail
I focused on journalistic enterprise. Actual reporting, not re-writing or opinion journalism.
Don't miss the first Tropical Addiction Thursdays Lounge of 2012 with MixMaster David, Juggla ATL, and friends!
Glad to see Eric McClure talking to the officials after that crash. Getting taken off on a stretcher.
My stomach hurts.
Dang! I don't think IndyCar mentioned Danica this much!
I feel vengeful.
What ya building over there?
Wishing the best to all our followers who have been affected by
Tell us where you live? “: I want to try your vodka!”
#IbizaSaturday best Sat. Everyone's Free --> Text ClimaticNationDMV to 74455 for pass and address.
Yes please! Your desert photos are so incredibly stunning. Are you in NYC at the moment?? Please say yes!
the street cos the lady from b&n recommended it. 6am is crazy tho :/
thank ya! :) they are pretty new pictures. took them
Love walking into a place for the first time and seeing & !!
There is a girl performing Lady Gaga songs as an opera singer. And now she yells RUN FORREST RUN!
Nice work on bringing home another win!
Worked out and went to the beach so far!! What's next?!
GSP vs. Koscheck in less than an hour! Catch the fight at the Kilt with only a $5 cover!
Are you ready for #PhlirtyFridays??
oh oh! Me!
love your picture
I'm excited for you to live tweet trivia next week!
oh awkward my friend told me he did...
#Live #life as it should be lived - #wholesomely, #happily, &
I agree with Matt Fox and your assessment of rural NC. There are no against signs once you get out of the big cities.
The alumni orchestra takes the stage once more to perform "meandering" composed by alumnus Willie Applewhite
Hmm... doesn't seem to be a general place to just buy merch, eh Tarik?
Who wants to talk
nbring me some cigarettes and we will hang
tomorrow balloons animals at the pier. holiday themed.
No remorse, it was meant to happen.
what u doing today?
Okay Im off to bed. Again. Goodnight Little Monsters.. And be safe We need you in our lives! Love you. Night.
I'd have to say that #Mahomies are the nicest fans. ever.
lmfaoo u said this like 12 times go to bed
thanks for helping out : Cleaning help needed at one of our 5 locations call 4801602 #abq car wash and laundry
Interesting web site. Thanks for the follow.
you know you don't mean it (:
In the words of ...life couldn't get better.
it is that the thief will get discouraged and leave your property alone. Or, if you make entrance into your house difficult, it will force
Thanks Robin. Will do. Love that pic of you & your dog. Yellow Lab or Golden Retriever?
I need some rommates
Cause you're a Dossey and Dossey's are weird!
PR Peeps! Who will and I see at the Anniversary Party tonight!?
If it's on TV I just change the channel lol
- thank you! You do the same! :)
yeah but good ol me still doesn't have a phone so I couldn't call you
I'm going to have to check that one out
Robby Cano hits only 8 but damn they were big
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy. ~MLKJ
what do you think of jordan jansen?-Que piensas de jordan jansen?
i refuse to believe you actually just said "go patriots"
Going swimming
nope, not at all!
making a special appearance on #liveatdaybreak this morning.
Dale Markland’s win in product liability case selected by National Law Journal as one of top defense wins
Can't wait til this kid's old enough to run errands for me... no more grocery shopping for me in t-minus 16 years!
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)11
“Accomplish something every day of your life.” - Walter Annenberg
I hear edge of glory :)
SlingPlayer Mobile App Comes to Android Honeycomb Tablets
lol you just notice? Couple months at least.
Yea you know I got that purp
Defying the Norm, Arabic calligraphy by Uzma Mirza www.zanbeelart.com
yeah sir! Praying that some other deals on the table work in my favor!!!! Wbu?
The new schedules came out yesterday. Did you see the Packers 2012 schedule yet?
Who is going to an audition this week?
You know I don't like to brag, !
Q14 Eat with chop sticks! You'll eat smaller portions, and slower. A great trick
I have a small home and a dog but if your group is 2 I can put you up here or get you a discount rate @ hotel let me know #?
Have questions for Gretchen about Freelancing? Tweet us at
I'm so happy.
Duncan with the playoff shave
Poolside. In the 90's all day.
Thanks, Lopey! It was fun!RT : Hey, you're doing a great job on the
Not yet. I should do that, though. I'm at Starbucks almost every morning.
I made a train conductor's hat today at work. Yep. Life of a librarian.
I hit tweet limit on that account...-.- lol
OMG! OMG! OMG! Margs will be Mrs. Kment in just over 48 hours!!!
Checked out Peter Paul and Mary cd from the library today - Puff the Magic Dragon and If I had a Hammer. Memories are at the library!
Well beyond hungry. Luckily, I have the time to go out and get some lunch today -- not an everyday occurrence.
I wanna say Chronicle.
herro Tillman! I is love your show!! I is part bulldog part Scottie
Wow. These pictures of couples are really cute...
RT : #AACE12 NEWS: Happy to have both Cali & Jody from , co-authors of #WhyWorkSucks as keynote speakers!
Hell of a red shirt freshman. Come on OSU!
Come in and eat 3 amazing tocos for only $5 bucks...We also will be serving $3 corona and corona lights as well..I almost forgot we have...
ONLY 4 MORE LIKES TO 100!!!~Ashley
Are you in town this week for the NYU School Of Law Sports Law Symposium?
who TF's there?
Only $45 a month! That's less than a cell phone bill- no excuses now.....
This American loves everything and everybody. That's why I will always support every living soul. Peace
I added something for the description part
Happy Mother’s Day
aiite well now get out
I am now a proud employee at American Eagle :)
Beautiful morning = coffee with hubby on back patio, Ava loved the light breeze!
I hate waiting!
For once I actually chose the faster security line airport! Why no premium flier line, gurl? It's 2012! It's time.
SEND US LINKS TO YOUR VIDEOS!!!!
Hola bonjour aloha hello hallo HI
I'm about to go get me some Drae beats!!!
I'm gonna miss soccer and all the guys I've come to know. <3.
how about the name #dirk??
i like to remind tasia how short she really is
Diana Agron - fabulous. Lea Michele - horrid.
the dress was perfection! Now don't throw up on it, ever! ;)
If I were to play Diablo I on my computer, my frame rate would be measured in furlongs per fortnight.
Just saw my nominees for Teen Choice Awards! Wow. This Friday couldn't be going better :) Go vote you all. Xoxo <3
i will tell my brother :)
Anyone exhibiting at Pack Expo that can still get me 2 free attendee badges? Call me at 888-272-8773 please!
sweet! Got both my girlies with me mad happy. And thanks I got bored that's why I took it lol
Dude I was like a pregnant lady with these strawberries. Omg. So fucking good!
YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL
KIDS ARE SO AWESOME
thanks for the follow, looking forward to your new ideas
I am honestly not sure if I got ANY sleep last night. Stupid nap, happens every time.
If audiences have half as much fun watching "Everybody Loves Chlamydia" as we've had making it, we will be in great shape!
Is it wrong to wear a sign: "No Religious Solicitations, Please"? Everyday, on campus, walking to car, someone tries to sell me their god!
Nicaragua surfing rides wave of fame: From July 14-22, the world's top over-35 surfers will compete in the 2012 International Surfing...
Mr Market can't even keep the rally going into a bullish 3 day month end holiday weekend. Sept will be a bear. Short more
I need a clone :) it was great to see you last night!
Watching 'Titanic' on 'TV Land'--I love some things about the film, but the script stinks.
Hello new twitter! lets make things happen
If I heard right,there was a fight on a bus (unknown if county or school. Sheriff squad has them Green Bay & Messmer
now you are equally as lucky
Cookiegate isn't just local news. Daily email digest I get from every weekday mentioned it as well. Crazy!
Smog cutter. Not just a prius.
I'm not going to be a good girl to u anymore. Treat people the way u want to be treated I guess I'm treating u like ur nothing.
Audrey Mabrey, nearly burned to death after her husband Christopher Hanney set her on fire, says at his sentencing "I have forgiven Chris."
#YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf you bring the facebook drama in here!
I'm not to fond of birds, but I look to the symbol of the dove for peace<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
You're welcome! RT : Thanks for live tweeting the debate.
Hey Lisa! I just found yur email! The darn spam folder got a hold of it! I will reply this afternoon! Sorry about that! :)
"Positive and safe environment is a MUST in creating an effective learning environment" via
OMG, if you haven't watched last week's Game of Thrones, I suggest NOT doing it while you eat lunch
Good morning! The body is up & the mind will follow sometime later today. I hope...
Why do u think that you are not a good mother ?
Full house at Ashland Coffee & Tea for the Boxcars--great Bluegrass music.
My thoughts exactly...Albert's probably going next :-(
We would love to explore the availability of hosting your party at The Spot! Message me deets and we can go from there.
Gonna enjoy the quiet of this day before I change gears to busy busy busy.
that's awesome! What are you doing there now? I am great just working hard and finishing up grad school!
Thank you EMORY UNIVERSITY. We enjoyed playing for u guys yesterday evening!
#chelseafc vs the cottagers and #sfgiants vs the rockies today. Good sports
Mr. Jerry Lewellen - (He will have all the answers!) Love, Jolene Thornal Have a great day my Tweets!
Hahha- Vanilla Bean ice-cream and Orange Crush! But I'm now onto alcoholic creations. That was delish though!
4 college classes left and 15 days left as an inmate at South Fort Myers High!
Midweek break - Whale Movie. Chronicle. Bowling. Rain. Alas, midterms are here and my behind needs to cram - ready or not here it comes.
it'd be great to chat. & have been doing a bit of work on this. recent talk at
"If you want to find really dumb monkeys, recruit at H&M" --Andrew on how to recruit.
“: Sorry, Bears and Jennings. Bears. Fat thumbs on tiny blackberry” i feel your pain
“The man who stops advertising to save money is like the man who stops the clock to save time” - Anonymous
I've also been mixing my vodka with juice pretty regularly. It's almost gone. And I finished off my woodchuck ciders.
Ugh Adolfos number is fake -____- fuck tht bitch who gave me his number grrrr
#crazy guy accused me of being a undercover cop as i jogged by him. i looked at him and said "Ur not the target sir. please clear the area"
Thanks, Adam!
Double down! RT : I'm having lunch at a casino buffet in Wisconsin. What the hell just happened?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!!:D
?4u my 4mo is ebf still waking 2x/night to feed.everyone says give rice cereal.dont want to bc dr says 0nutritional value &
Cutting my dad off while he's talking by screaming "MOM!!" Lmbo there's nothing he can do about that....
Nigga...he said free tats and give aways, not i'll do yo whole body for free lmao
yea, he was like >.< and he told me he was going to break up with anyways cause he knew I didnt love him.
Still in the process of setting up our Etsy store. If there's anything you're interested in, we're pretty crafty. DM us your thoughts :)
Just saw ur guacamole comment. I just recently discovered quac. YUM!! Always thought I'd hate it. Old dogs can learn new trix.
"I know people who only feel they exist when they're judging, comparing, or complaining." Paulo Coelho
I know it has campy appeal to all the kids now, but it's still kind of sad that it was his last movie.
San Antonio (Shore & Seabrook) plays Chicago (Doell) in game 5 of the Western Conference Quarterfinals (best-of-5) tomorrow in Chicago
Express yourself.......nobody else can do it for you
Question: what else could go wrong? Answer: pioli gets a lifetime contract
Nose hair tucked! Hello south!!!!
Community and Discussion
Possibly, but not for sure. Do you have the original DATA folder?
Thanks Coach, you know I gotta try to keep up with the little lady. It's good to be back! How's NYC treating you?
We will never be empowered to change or develop into a spiritual mature person unless we are willing to hear, embrace, and apply the truth.
Work, Play, Sleep, Work, Play, Sleep
And for a second there, I thought you were being healthy ;)
Just pre-ordered the new backlit Nook. No more falling asleep with the light on!
At Luis' pad about to play some soccer
#Twitter inbox isn't up there with technology. Very counter-intuitive. Read/unread msgs can be unclear. Maybe that's why?
Need something to do, whatcha got for me #ABQ?????
Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Wiggle Yeah!
Need tons of Promo Staff 7/21 in San Diego. Send height, picture and info and we'll let you know whats up!
why did you pick number 31?
What US lawyer fought in the Nicaraguan Civil War of 1854, became President of #Nicaragua in 1856, and was executed by Honduras in 1860?
Our plethora beats your cornocopia, which already beat the living shit out of their horn-of-plenty.
Boy this Android SDK emulator sure is stable
He looks almost as good as his statue.
I'm up for that.
That was wise of you to post that.
« Don’t be intimidated by the size of a problem or the size of your dream! #LiveCivil»
I'm so jelly -____-
Fuckin on TGIF 'He touched the butt!'
Yes finally got my Insanity DVDs!
she's on a diet!
Saturday Night Studder... is goo- is goo- goo- is really goo.... really good. (i'm proud)
Luv this! Best wishes! Let those creative juices flow!
They can thank Brad Seely for that... #browns special teams are awful without him...
Woohoo won a flip and doubled up. About 20k now. On last level of the night.
- yes. We had a server interruption. Sorry about that.
Novak and JR didnt do shit in the series, only way NY could have won, is if they shot lights out like against C's in MSG
3 followers away from hitting our goal of 200!!!! We have 16 hours to hit it!! RT please!!
I'll do it for 2k
God has no Phone, but I talk to him. He has no Facebook, but he is still my friend. He does not have a Twitter, but I still follow him.
thank you! missed everyone terribly. xo
how weird you are lol
not true. If starts to cost the company money because people start boycotting Nike then dude will be fired quickly.
Game. Blouses. If the Nuggets are taking the Lakers to 6 games, it surely doesn't look good their series against OKC
going to moms !
He knocking on the door. Don't let the devil in!!!
Don't be so jealous.
We remove viruses, but we like to promote local business and Check out their pages for holiday gift ideas!
Download the event app for #IBMPureSystems announcement. Search 'integrated expertise' on Droid and iPhone markets
Ah i know! I want a meet&greet!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A> RT : Warped can't come soon enough! :D
Pre gaming for happy hour
your welcome(: and your a lucky gal. Alex said happy birthday to you!!! I bet you are really happy(:
hahaha if I could, I would totally do that for you!
Are your #Avengers vs. Dark Knight comparisons adjusted for Avengers inflated 3-D prices?
you mean the alien, no way. I am more into the cyber emo nsync goth
"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind." -- Dr. Seuss (via Elena)
Have a great night guys! Come back tomorrow & try our strain of the day; J-27; great for depression, nausea, loss of appetite, & focusing.
follow me jaden im ur cousin
come back to the office today to find a lot of my stuff broken. thanks coworkers! (or should i say, my staff)
How's my Friday? Oh, you know, just dangerous storms and potentially deadly tornadic weather headed into Louisville. No big deal.
So much work to do, and it's sunny out. Outside > Inside today, think I will enjoy it while it lasts.
done! Name the time and place and I'll be there with bells on!
Really!? Pre-purchased tickets already, I hope I'm not disappointed
Can't dwell on the past, only learn from it.
read an article about this web 2.0 stuff...now I know all the tricks
Josh Hamilton SHOW 4 homer gm! Vs #Orioles Wow! 8 ribbies.
"Of all the mysteries in the universe", the modern day Einstein i.e. Stephen Hawking says, "woman is the greatest".
Goodmorning, up early thinking about my lovely boyfriend <3
Hey can some of you help us reach 2,000 followers??? :)
Tomorrow at the SJSFF come and check out "Internet Killed the Video Star" an official selection playing Th/Sat&Sun starring
XQuery, XForms, and dabbled in bash and Objective-C
Today is my day, I'm telling yaa :)
Why the hell is the Internet so damn slow??
Lol RT : Foooooooooogaziiiii RT #LakeShow S/O to the #Heat. Win or lose I'm riding with both of y'all.
Trust is not given easily... when someone trusts you.. ensure you value it.
Happy Birthday to my beautiful and amazing wife!!!
Moving is THE WORST
It would be a dream to dine with
Why didn't #MattKuchar tee up the ball on 17? No reason for such fat contact.
I need to make a deal with you!! Call me when you get a chance Honey
Twelve Days to Christmas and not a Partridge in sight! BUMMER!!,
Pandora till I fall asleep. <3
Pick-up artist.
TGIFF! Thank God it's Fajita Friday! Whats for lunch or dinner today? Will it sizzle like our Fajitas?
I am a Persian Gulf War Veteran & I have PTSD how to get that book? Thank you!
Sweet! RT : Just picked up a very snazzy (and big!) banner from - they are the best!
we would love taco lassi to grace Kokomo with there awesome tacos!!!
It's gonna be an awesome day at RaeLynn's today! Who's coming to see us? Hundreds of dresses in stock! Open unitl 5!
hey girl what ya doing?:)
What did you do this weekend? Did you bring Tampico along for the ride?
Hey annoying ppl?! i hate how u nevr stop complaining, did ya no
you always see me ?
I want to fly but dont have wings ., what sould I do?
Follow the girls:
Keep in touch with customers through the convenience of Google Places.
Amen to that. You cant go wrong with those items while watching the nfl
i hate so much.
gettin ready for bed so tired :) <3
Thanks for the retweet Becky! You rule! Drummer Charlie Z
Looking for ways to build to consumer health section of our public library. Any collection dev tools out there geared to consumer health?
Hurl, You Know It's True
glad you agree, because the pink ones are way cheaper than the black and white ones! Can't wait to sport them! :)
Morning tweeples! Anyone have some #signsofagoodnight examples?
Forecast for Thursday: Sunny. Highs in the mid 70s. North winds 5 to 10 mph.
LOL get your life together RT : Happy Father's day
At least he didnt call you handsome boy lmaoo
Twan! I can't believe you were in that. Please tell the story on our show this morning.
thanks, it was fun!
Things will always happen to you in life. How you react to them will determine how you live
fuck love? naw fuck the person that made you think that ;)
Spiffifying the new place?
Summer is right around the corner.
Hand me the world on a silver platter, And what good would it be, With no one to share, With no one who truly cares for me.
I hate mother nature
So when does start his jail sentence?
Finally got a landing page up at www.fourstep.com, go check it out. And sign up for our mailing list too!!
I used to talk to my step mom about all my problems, now I have absolutely no one to talk to. #loveyou #restinpeace. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
when you coming to New York man!!!
Hey, thanks for the retweet!
We think it should be to create relationships with customers and keep them returning to your business.
Morning coffee...ignoring the Bin Laden news...reading the Voice article on the redistricting commission's software "RFP." RIP good govt!
I miss my team <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Look How Far #Biebermania Is?? Well , Im A Bieberholic!(: I'm Addicted to the bieb(:
Gonna swing by and scream some screams as Pat "Rock You Until You Bleed" Young breaks the world record: Tremble, mortals.
make him get one!!!(:
I meant to make a smile at the end of that last tweet lol
I'm sorry about ur friend. May she RIP! God is taking care of her n her family.
": www.SMIRKCLOTHING.com"
Watching the fight at MGM...Who do you guys have your bet on tonight?
Support Texas Music! If you experience it live then purchase their CDs & tees. Keep their wheels turning & guitars strumming.
So much death right now! Praying for peace & strength to you all!
Apparently doing a can can line is pretty dang hard... Wait, they don't have jump ropes? Nm.....
LMAO "Jay Z also told me that my shoulders are filthy as fuck and I need to clean that shit up!"
Shit was funny when Nick Cannon Made that gay bih cry! Lmao. Shunna been gay nigga, shunna been gay.
Trust God for the phenomenal in your life!!!
Missing Would read"check in 5 times, get sticker of a donut". btw, you can substitute bacon for donut. ;)
hey beautiful cousins
They should all be caged and put under the plan. This is insane!
Hilary finally cracked a smile!
Feeling bit frustrated & ignored. Thanks God for baseball so I have something to get lost in.
That 3 ball at the end today was an ice cold dagger. Tell me how it felt to turn that knife.
Ace Hood and these tight ass pants
Sending out tickets and merch, sorry everyone!
You can RSVP for next session at www.socialmediabreakfastsandiego.ning.com Hope to see you all there!
Oh honey, def hit up Rhumbar the last time!! I'm so excited. I want to live there so bad!
can you believe its almost a month since the milwaukee show and an almost a week since the Grand Rapids. time goes by to freaking fast!
thanks for the RT :) Happy Sunday!
Thanks to awesome collection of letters, I now know what "Pogey Bait" is! #archives make you smarter.
More news and postings on the VA AForum Page and castings in the Group Virginia Actors' Forum!
RT- lightening hitting../// Lightning hit my Dad's Prius while driving on the highway. Wish I had a pic of that!
On my way to deliver a lecture for NIU's Music Business class. The title of the lecture "Building The Team", should be fun
Just sitting her just thinking so much on my mind so much to think about
OMG, I've started being able to spot them, the customer who is also said author. They have a certain tone, trademarked lilt.
Pleasant House Bakery open for lunch at 31st and Morgan in Bridgeport! Fresh veggies fm the farm on the menu
Which team will win the #Celtics-#76ers Eastern Conference semifinal?
In #NYC ? Interested in #theatre ? Come to 151 Bank Street for the #free 3PM final performance of the beautiful #newplay "In Thy Bounty".
#ISTE11 last session of the conference. Can you believe it?
Impromptu trip into the mountains ... in which I realized upon arrival that I left my winter jacket on the bed at home. Brrrr.
It takes me forever to get really close to someone.
I hope puts that game versus Memphis on ESPN Classic... #amazing game beyond words
I MUST ADMIT I LOLEEEDD!
They're open for weekday lunch? Dangerous info for my arteries, liver, and bank account.
Travel back to the 50s with the Northwest Youth Theatre presenting “At the Hop” performance starts at 3:30 PM this Saturday bit.ly/9ukgaV
Also, mom would like to sneak in some Purity while she's here. Assuming you are game? :)
I just want to chill and listen to arctic monkeys with haha is that weird?
Finally at
Buzz building in weather circles for possible presidents weekend snowstorm. Still need to see how it evolves, but pieces are in place.
yeah..i like :)
sorry, I am not privy to the docs or discussion, just got a sch e-mail with the decision
My lil girl call me last night an said I miss u when u coming back
will do - miss you!
#FF - Cause he's a member of Fookie Faamie.
sounds like maybe the town was named after them! CT is a beautiful state...
The is in August. So either I'm coming in July or I'm coming in august. What are you going to Calgary for? :)
But it's 11pm. And everyone else would be like "DUSTON YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE SLEEPING..." Although, maybe they wouldn't care.
I miss my screened porch a.k.a. tiki bar... :(
Statistically, the Red Sox were prob the best team. But I watched both teams play on multiple occasions. Phillies are better.
A great day day for Portland! RT Little did I know I had got drafted by a team with the best fans in the NBA!
What a day!
You can look but you won't see the girl I used to be cuz she's so gone. So long, she's so gone.
I make sure my reps are telling the truth by checking their voting records. Tells us you #votesmart for a chance to win a tee-shirt!
What do you guys do with all the mail after you open it?
And thus begins the "play hard" portion of the mantra.
Indians' Carlos Santana just turned his ankle 180 degrees... nasty, nasty injury... sadly, he won't be back for awhile
Tyga's album "Careless World" is real nice
Fake democrats. Fake boobs. Trust no one.
just don't flip me off this time
No days off next week
RT : follow they doin it bigg[THANKS!!! S/0 to you as well! <U+263A>]
not necessarily-it's centered on policy concern in medicine, psychiatry, econ/cmmnty dvlpment, ed, biz/corp, inst, eco/env change
Worth it? Nope. Still gonna fight? Silently, but yep.
I'm not going to buy the new MacBook Pro. I'm not going to buy the new MacBook Pro...
RT Leo Gerard: Why does Finland lead the world in mobile phone tech? B/C their country decided they should
could the non-bcs conferences propose playoff through the NCAA for a d-1 champ & have enough votes to pass? Bcs Teams can opt in
You can buy Fat Bastard wine in Alabama. But you can't buy Dirty Bastard beer, because of the profanity on the label. Huh?
But I can't. 3 more weeks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> hopefully I won't have <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> myself by then lol.
FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER
I'm eating crunchy Cheetos. Suck it
I did not just pass by this place right now ...
nice thanks for the review lady! I'll check it out! I heart grocery stores...
Let me know if anyone wants to go to strange brew! Had some slackers this morning ;)
really, why were they rude? wonder if they're on twitter :)
Working on our marketing strategy
we're compensating
RT : Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. Its the transition thats troublesome.*
Okay. Time for #FF's.
anxiety attacks scare me....a lot actually..
love it! Thanks again for the
Bo Ryan is upset with Uthoff bc he's backing out of a 4-yr commitment in Bo's mind. Remember, Bo is not Calipari. Commitment a strong word.
Big Ten Network wants to know if if can re-air it as its Game of the Week.
Wow, gorgeous Colorado day. Think I'll go for a ride.
go back to listening to miss may I or ABR this scene dont want you in it poser. no one fucking likes you.
Apple store down - WWDC keynote in about an hour. Anyone taking odds on Steve Jobs making an appearance - either in person or by video?
OMG U MADE MY DAY WITH THE FOLLOW...!! LOVE U TERESA......BTW...JUST ORDERED 2 of ur COOKBOOKS OFF AMAZON! LOVE LOVE LOVE U
I never had that luxury.I was 1st period last year so he still had hope.His euchre and scrabble games did get intense though.
right?! Like I don't have time to vie for tix later on & like the line-up has even been announced.
You can take a picture in front of any #wonk display, but tell us in your message what kind of wonk you are
20pc nuggets is calling me.....
#ofcourse RT : A guy is biking a tandem around campus...alone. Should I hop on?
DUDE me to! hahaha :]
The bridge sound and stage in Cambridge MA! is where show is at! And free m&g after. Hope to see everyone out there!:)
Am hoping to see snow in LA!!!
and even more congrats to for BVA Marketing Initiative of the Year Box Office from £1-3m for Anuvahood!! #hattrick!
Of course! Are you training for anything in particular?
Facebook's Zuckerberg kicks off investor show in NY
Relaxing to Boz Scaggs 'Speak Low' on LP. Something cool about having to get up and flip the record.
Who will you look for in s.m.bingo ? Could be Gold Donor ! Thank you Lisa for your generous support of
I don't want to watch the game. I don't have faith in my heat tonight, I'll be real.
Having a late lunch...Turkey sandwich on whole wheat with a yogurt parfait and some V8...m...
Yes! Thinking something for St. Paddy's Day. Good luck places or good luck charms in the city.
I need a new texting friend ! Or a new Bestfriend DM a number
On the bus and this girl is wearing 2 different color Hunter boots. Is this a thing now?
Now panel on multidisciplinary approaches to Africana Diaspora studies.
Following Spree ! Follow and I'll follow back !(:
was the org I was telling you about. Check it out! :)
man i hope i dnt lose afriend over something i had first. smh.
we'll be there to see you! Can't wait!
I was and I am
If your out in pb in San Diego tonight go see Big Josh at PB Pub!
depends on who the coach is....,but probably not
I am a book hoarder
Having a relaxing evening!! :)
Excuse me miss, that's a fine ass you got on u boo....
: YOU GUYS GAVE THE BEST PERFORMANCES EVER! Love you all!
Big fan here....up late again...on the road, but I bet you know what that's like. #BringHomeBacon Whose up this late wit me?
PLEASE I LOVE YOU THANK YOU
Somebody's messing with the sound system again I hear. Glad we're all adults.
R.I.P to my fellow Warriors who died in dat car accident last night smh...be thankful for who y'all got in y'all lives.
It's amazing how many things I can think of to do instead of meditating...
#irallstars Ramirez: IR was created to publish faculty work, now plays larger archival role. Billings: assessment demonstrated IR's value
When he opens his arms n holds u close tonight it Jus won't feel right
marginalized populations are online; those who aren't online are also a marginalized population
jk u no i luv ya! but wow.
Andy Carroll needs to be contained. He's wrecking havoc right now
"Should I stay or should I go, now, dear Lord? I'm askin' You 'cause I don't know. Should I cool it, or should I blow?"
You know what a chill song is, Albert Hammond jr. "Spooky Couch" get it on your summer mixes. You're welcome
‘If they can make penicillin out of mouldy bread, they can sure make something out of you
Jessica Simpson named her DAUGHTER Max Johnson. As in a girl with a male porn star name. You can't make this kind of stupidity up.
Headed to CityCentre for the evening. Recommendations?
you just have to get people to like my video:) but thanks for all your support
Did you know 74% of Iowa children under the age of 6 have both parents in the workforce?
hook it up KIM
VERY HANDSOME AND CONGRATS ROCKO ON YOUR AWARD
doctorsleepnow Thanks for the follow!
nice one
RT : Speaking Monday at University of British Columbia about ... what else? Google!
Ha! I'll do my best.
Can do.
Emergency services surrounding the celebrity Scientology center... It's about time!!!
I still have to do some push ups and sit ups before I go bed.
Can anyone explain to me what the show 'swamp people' is doing on the #history channel?
o0o0ohh that's what I thought! ;)~
Finally feeling alil better. Been very sick I'm doing great. Mary is running the office while I'm gone cityglamevents.com
But for tonight...for tonight....along with pride, a sense of peace, and satisfaction. Good night, all.
This Day started with a Bang.
Based on that logic, you'd support raising taxes to hire more govt. workers. Please don't try to over-simplify complicated issues.
yep! A lot more thank goodness
You raise a fair point.
you will not be sorry. and she is one of the best live stage performance experiences i've ever known.
only if your diet consists of bbq'ed unicorn
how about Sportsnight? Very underrated.
Denver Browns 18AAA will be practicing Sunday 12pm at North HS.
Heard for the first time today at church. Really enjoyed his message.
RT : I am so excited to watch Sporting KC vs. Venezuela tonight. Good luck & Teal B.
man with two little kids my ass needs a red bull if im gonna make through the day
As a Plumbing Department worker he may be professionally obligated to love crack ;)
why cant i update my firmware i have a sprint tab but it wont let me update it
Mandie look I'm saying this knowing it probably won't change your mind about how you feel right now but I can tell you (c)
2nd place today! #winning ... almost
What channel is the man utd game on tweeps? USA
ur one hot tamale girl!!! Xo
U tryna gang bang for bitches thats a no goo.
gfjksdbkjxhzfzjda is how i felt.
I'm hella tight. Just figured out a way to bypass that whack $4 fee for watching march madness games online
drake oh man! You too? Lol
Great info on getting trees planted in your area (all of ward 5) at the Michigan Park Civic Assc.
#Brides and #Grooms to-be! helps you bring together photos, videos, and updates from your wedding all in one space.
is that ?
get back with Quinn to set that date up for the 19th Saturday
But because of that my right arm, right leg and my back hurt. Put up a good fight
Or up, as it were.
that really kinda fucked up my night lol
Boston.com Health and Wellness Pavilion at the #BoomersSeniors expo has great speakers today!
Smelly feet puts me off a person so much, hope yours don't :L
The Hate Club currently has: Jacoby Jones, Billy Cundiff, and Steve Blake
Still absolutely blown away by Manchester City and the entire finish to the Premier League season. Can't write a script like that.
Wish the girls were with me
Just got back from the gym, if my math is right, i will loose another pound today
TENNESSEE RESIDEMTS-Now in your area! www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a FREE Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Now!!!
Happy early Founders Day ! #AXO installed Iota Chi chapter at Middle Tennessee State U April 21, 2001!
" chanqe ya mind!"
Even though it took almost all 24 hours to get home yesterday, I still have the very strange sensation that Paris is just down the street.
that's for sure... Don't take his sloppy seconds invite for dinner either
I look really cool when I add unnecessary letters to the ends of words
Now for some much needed rest, legs feel insane. Guess that's what comes out of walking for like 16 hours.
#FOLLOWMEALEX please please please please
Satrapi: when I write a female character I have an unconcious censorship b/c I think ppl will read it as being abt me. with a man, I am free
Dear North Carolina, you're breaking my heart.
I'm not telling you any more things! You just told me everything. Okee Dokee.
Bummer-can't make it. Drinks another time are a must!
Welcome to our society. You will be judged on what you wear, your taste in music, what you look like, and how you act. Enjoy your stay
Its gonna be a hot one this weekend! Be sure and get in that pool!
I Just Added You
Hi Shane it was well worth the wait, I can't wait for the next Chicago concert !!
lol, what is with your new picture? Is that purikura!?
Lol one of y'all tell Mrs Daniels I said "sup hawt stuff & thy I miss my crazy history teacher. (:
happy new year, have a wonderful 2012 <3
#RITBrickCity come see us at table 58 at resource fair Lisa, Jeanne, Michelle & Lauren are there to answer any ques. & we have good CANDY!!
If the board hasn't talked about this, that would be really bad.
There are many things that are good for writers. Clouds are definitely one of those things.
Dont pull a
#sfrietenorsays I am now following 40 fellow realtors and a few great news sources!
I don't wanna hear it. Twitter says you've posted 10 tweets, all within an hour!
Ah, weekend, you snuck by way too fast again! Feeling blessed though, it was a great one.
ratchet girls have Pandora radio too
Wherever will take me.
hey guys, we're working on a project for restaurant week and would like to ask you a few questions, what's your email?
RT if you ever had that awkward moment that you dont know if a person is pregnant or just fat
I've been reading a lot over my break, but now I'm weeding since it's a dry day.
No problem Tara. I have known you for a bit..those awkward phone calls off of myspace friend requests ;).
no problem. glad that my efforts can already be found useful.
Thanks for the retweet!
Oh lol, Alex I didn't see that until you pointed it out.
I'm gonna put all my pack and football followers on a list cause all this other fraggle naggle bull on my timeline is unnecessary
Den she say b4 i stop talkin 2 her!..
we need to get O lineman &our O could be set for yrs w young stars #Joe Cool
Hey Burnett, nobody wants to see your balls. Strikes please.
no im human
Wow...My face is breaking out for the first time in forever.
A 'boys' trip to Target brings home 10,000 bb's. Was SO happy to see the last jar gone. Bb's in my future.....EVERYWHERE...sigh...
many thanks for the intro to Showing him around Rittenhouse last night was the most fun I've had in recent memory.
we just baked that!
My stupid twitter isn't working again :(
Right?! That shirt is all kinds of win!
Welp, if that window tastes like apples, I'll be a happy camper. I think I need to watch that movie ASAP
whatever your plans, you enjoy your Mother's Day too, love! <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Im so ready to get out this bitch.. i'm done with denver but most of all im done with stank ass family
oh hi there, I love you more ;)
I'm hooked on LudoBits , but beyond food, Ludo's wife Krissy is a master social media marketer booking solid restaurants in 5 days or less
Compared with non-alumnae, Girl Scout alumnae are more active as mentors and community volunteers.
have some pride for your home city, some people don't i guess .. .. .. but i do .. .. .. 504 till the day i die!!! Lol i sound ratchet
Facebook wants brand experiences to be as unique as it is with your friends and family.
Follow my bestfriend and me porfavor
who says ur not beautiful cuzz u are <U+2665> shake it up bec ur pretty
but my mom's working today
": That awkward moment when you realize your tally wacker really might be small..." Whaats A ”Tally Wacker” ? lmfao.
CHRIS JERICHO WINS AGAIN!
Great pic! Hope you have a great day!
This season should provide some terrific drama, and maybe even some handsome hoops
Wanna get a new laptop? Scratch here ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ with a sharp object.
I know, right? One of my favorites these days.
#OneAmerica parking lot "Spring time is here and I got so excited I wet my plants." might be 3rd grade humor but it got me to chuckle.
What happened to I Love Mark And Nathan? They made a few videos, then just stopped. They were my favourite part of the smosh pit!
in the sink or do you have a dishwasher?
It's cool and all that my apt finally let's me move in today, but on the first day or #collegefootball?!?! #cmonman!! But as always,
All good examples. You see they're making a Taken 2?
Its More Attractive when ya hold it Down!!
We've found previously that when a lot of people from the same town participate in a style community, local merchants take notice.
Today we made a month! <3'
Wow I had no idea Avery Bradley was that fast
Review of Mark Twain's autobiography in Harper's: "Democracy is a dangerous business"
Thank you 80's on Pandora for making this work day more bearable!
lol great for who???
girl yea got me one and yes you do you really should
The best buy Santa commercial is hilarious!
Great Holiday Gifts Deals! $15 & $18 Nike Tempo Shorts at 1379 Family Sports Shop, 2727 Exposition Blvd., 78703.
Burger places that introduce "premium" burgers make me concerned about what the other stuff is
#GoTribe 18yrs ago my tribe thought we would live underground on bullybeef or have to go to Aus. Suckers!
Gravity is working against me. Gravity, wants to bring me down...to the bottom of a new rotation cycle. Power from outside of system. All t…
You going to make 's 7pm service tonight?
Have you considered doing it?
: YESS.!!! OMG Chino Y Nacho we're spectacular.!! ;D
I really hope I never ever get possessed. #The Devil Inside
Apparently when your audition memo says wear flip flops or casual sandals it means wear six inch wedges. I must've missed that memo. Oh LA.
" , , and competing this Sat !" Good luck!
after wat i saw i just lost some real respect for you
what up Bill Fam! be cool brother!!
That hoe on crack
Those wanting to trade Jennings for Lin are "insanity"..I do agree this summer they should listen to offers.
Just waited an hour for almond milk.
we just wanna play....:(
The more you learn, the more you earn
Join us Friday from 5-9 for First Fridays in the Old Market. Performer Desmond K playing from 8-9pm and works of photographer Mark Perkins.
I'll have a SoMeCo please, with a little umbrella!
omg! I love that song!
My main points of agreement were: 1) there's nothing wrong w/making a profit in education & 2) we can do e-learning much better.
Sketch Comedy makes my life bearable
"RT : Is it ghetto to post funeral pics on FB, the man in the casket? #justaskin #superghetto” #TammiThatHoe!
school -__- lol we are going to try and getting something in the summer though! :)
Catch star in the film festival this weekend!
beautiful sunny Mothers Day! Kids were great helping clean up the yard and house. Happy Mothers Day!
I'm not a pretentious idiot. I'm a photographer. if I were a conceptor I would be an artist or an architect.
MT : Excitement in the office as we watch the shuttle Discovery fly over our building and campus!
FO RILZ! Of course the 1st semester I ever dabble with loans, this crap happens,
ur weekend in the weeds is almost over and we've got the perfect fix...#industrynight tonight from 8-10, 1/2 price bottles of wine. be there
tomorrow night #LIFE!!!!
Wrng song...sorry
I am ok, I am working on my blog and website. The weather here is nice. Glad you are enjoying your day!
Ive seen way more then an average 17 year old shit tht wuld hav ppl scared for life but I smile more then ppl tht claim hav problem
Do authors understand what information is on their computer the same way they do what's in their written correspondence?
s/o 2oo :) goodnight sweet dreams
I hear the ice cream truck! :D
I think I love food more than I could love anyone
love it... haha
Rise n grind ... interview round 3 today
VP Liberia speaking now
I'd love a day off without work.
idk who these people think they are in this movie theatre parking lot. we went to Ben Davis. BACK UP!
I love that super cute thing you do where you don't text me back for hours. So adorable.
What is this life?
Waiting for to get home so we can plan on how we are doing this. NYC/Poughkeepsie or NJ?
what up sully. No it hasn't aired yet. I think somebody made a lil mistake w/the episode #
Thank you God for blessing me to see another year. 28 years and counting :-)
do you have any specials for this weekend I will be staying at the st.regis this weekend with
LETANG JUST DID THE MAX TALBOT "FINGER TO LIPS" MOVE!?!?!?!
"All of us humans are one being" don miguel ruiz Thank you #gatecommunity and all you storytellers out there
Thank you for coming! See you next time. :)
Everyone with an IPhone is mocking me because mine isn't working -.-
What am I chopped liver?
Just spent a really long time trying to roll out her shoulder knots with a tennis ball at her desk. Hope will feel a difference at BodyPump.
As usual, I'm n total denial that I'm leaving 4 #SouthAfrica in the morn; haven't packed a thing. At least I'm consistent.
Lol! Soy sauce is good.
Oh my heck ! Shout out - thank you so much! SO glad to help!
I want one but I'm scared!!!
“: If you're gonna wear see through shorts, it would be bet not to wear full underwear th u can see clearly through them” Twitpic
Good deal!!!!
"Don't even trip! The One who is with us is far more than all those against us!! 2 Kings 6:16 AGV (Alex Gee Version)
Just want to send a thank you to , my Chief of Staff. She's amazing..and you should follow. :)
Thanks so much! Looking now.
Thank you everyone who's following us Sign up and receive a free class at studio
guess who's back and he's shining on you bitches guess who's back an he's stuntin on you hoes
yea wen I get around yo hood ima hit yodaddy line slime
Tye! #follow back - talks about you err day!
If you smoke you're inhaling 4,000 harmful chemicals, including 44 types of poison, of which 43 are proven cancer-causing substances.
So what happens when all ur options fail!!
JUNE 19TH MARKED THE DATE HOLLER
Also, this article The Unstructured Interactive Interview: Issues of Reciprocity and Risks when Dealing with Sensitive Topics
that's not bad u could pay that
Don't stress over your ex! Start preparing for your next!
would love to see it, but you should ignore my feedback - ask instead :)
Seems like Cinco de Mayo wknd is off to a good start and we'll be hearing lots of good music on the radio...peace out MCA
can't wait. The only thing I love more than getting a letterl is 's twitter feed.
....If we want American produce, the labor is generally undocumented" (aka done by illegal aliens) - Dianne Feinstein O_o
yeah meet her at the airport wen she arives.....
Kill the whopper.
Realtionships on twitter: "Millions of people to follow and i followed you <3"
chilling man..how you doing
I wanna watch Coneheads! man that movie is funny
that moment when your jamming and your friend just happens to be dancing to the song. so now that song will remind u of that friend forever
tell me how practice and dalton is looking this year sir? and how's the defense looking. good luck with mike brown
oh my gosh im so jealous. hannah montana is my favorite
Thank you! What did you have?
Great to hear that you love animals so much!!!
Great job Tiger, so happy you proved your diligence and professionalism. Great win so happy your back winning
hahaha! so what's your name? :)
I'm shy. Most people don't take the time to explore the real me. So I'd like to thank everyone who has. Everyone who didn't, miss out.”
The office smells of coffee.
currently working hard on attaining all seven
wat in the world! r u here?
so glad I can offer up sound bites for "mommy porn"
That awesome moment when you get your brothers to start singing One Direction!!
you know it! thanks to global warming, it doesn't even get cold here anymore. watching Monday Night RAW. you?
fuck, i think im getting sick.
Major plans today!!(:
prayin baby girl:)
I have Insurgent ready to go on Amazon - should arrive any day!
Sr VDI/View Development Architect in Mtn.View, CA apply directly email .net #vdi, #virtualization,
CANT WAIT TO PLAY AT BACKBOOTH!!! Finaly I can sing Midnight Mass they I wrote it! :D
Hello again Sweet Home Chicago, he is now back!
The Dept of Finance will also weigh in in December, Kowba says.
thanks for the follow - what's your favorite movie quote?
I think I fixed the: posting to twitter and tumblr from instagram = tweeting twice cause of automatic tumblr tweeting thing
With mii bitch....i love ha
who still asks for pictures tho? LOL “: I just met you & youre texting me askingg for pictures lmaooooo goodbye :)”
My tennis coachs' son.
Thanks for all the incredible 2012 Countdown Feedback! We just submitted an update for the app to Apple!
Thank you! :)
(Nick) Still going through all this evidence. LOVING IT!!!
I'm catch da next flight out mom have da Lamborghini ready lol
a lot of people are pet-friendly but fail to note it on the listing. I'd ask anyway!
Heading to the lake to maybe tan this belly a little :)
I love painting.
As a good friend, I can't let you believe in that mess you just told me.. That song was old as soon as the radio got it lol
so true!
Sit down with your family for dinner every chance you get; the #family meal time is an important element for #stability in families.
we're glad to hear that!
Made and ate stuffed peppers for the 1st time and it was so good!
night night :-)
awww look at the belly!!!!
Well, you've got our support :)
HaHaHa...Ha... Seriously. | RT : be careful, or will disown you :)
it's awesome!! Lol who else do u listen 2?
gotta be focused in this market. Lots of gr8 ideas and places 2 invest. But not enough time to execute well if u go after all
OH: "I don't know what was up with last summer." "Well, my grandmother died..."
#BLESSED & #THANKFUL !!
RT : There's been talk of security throughout the day, but it's taken till 2:20pm for core #IAM to come up
Out of breath. Let's go!!!
Two of the guys OK CUPID just put in y quiver matches are already seeing someone! I'm going back to women! Maybe... TGIF!
wednesday already wow
Hey, are you home?" "No, I answered my home phone from the Forest"”
I'm like oh I gotta pee!
I think that's the same conf is speaking at. You two met at OSCON last year at that table in the hallway.
Hey Lube Nation, what are you more excited for - playoff hockey or baseball season?
Kansas Center Preserves Stories Of Local Farm Life
brittney from hell!!!! Please go back to the circus tent....
i know its a shock to me too
wht is wrong with u
I totally have that same book for my Intro to IT class here.
Honesty is a very expensive gift, don't expect it from cheap people
I don't think he will be the same again and I hope he proves me wrong.
Sorry I haven't been on here for a while!
Do! I'm interested in all these fun tools.
i can barely breathe
Big thanks to The LSD Enigma, Walri, & Last Note for being on the show tonight! The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz.
Love the whole series, makes me feel a bit nostalgic.. :)
RT The biggest game the #Grizz have had since they been in Memphis is today..
i like this idea:) I've always wanted to see them do big brother with a surprise drug of the day that everyone takes in the AM.
You sure as hell could have stepped up and been a man but you didnt and see what i became because of it? thanks for putting me through t ...
Practice tomorrow night..... workin on some new freshy tunes to drop soon!
AH.... I WANT SOME CHIPOTLE MAAN.
if you still want free music theres another program.. www.bearshare.com
why can't more rap/metal bands make songs about kittens, rainbows, puppies, and sparkles?
we better unless we lock someone else up
You're so money, and you don't even know it! Good job this morning! :)
I dont have any of his stuff on my phone RT": send me some of his shit"
true. I've migrated a few from 1.0 to 1.5 and some were easy, some were not.. seemed to depend on number of extensions Thanks!
#Gay lmao RT : "It's something special for all players, but for you guys, for this team. It means a lot more!"- Holmgren.
In the last 3 wks I've been able to hang out w/ 3 of my 4 uncles. Since the closest to me is 695mi away, this is very exciting.
Feel like I got hit by a truck.. -__-
game canceled bummer!!
What was the radar gun reading for Kerry Wood's glove?
Girlfriends always getting in the way.
That awkward moment when you misspell "awkward".
"Commit to the LORD whatever you do, & your plans will succeed." - Proverbs 16:3 "All things are possible with God." - Mark 10:27
Fair warning: If you ask for my time or money in the next week, you will be respectfully declined.
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you! <U+E32C><U+E32D><U+E32A> 5
What's up with critics who attack a work before it is even revealed? Really no basis, just fierce pessimism...
I pray for blessings for you today.
what happened to halle berrys movie career? She is doing a foreign movie about sharks. Is Catwoman to blame??
Thanks for following Music Josh We shall check out your music
Congratulations ! I would take a math class from you any day
WTF WHAT IF THEY CHOKE?!?!?!
I'm trying to submit to your job page and it is erroring out. is fixing this part of the application process?
sorry I'm going running after work.
One of Newt's biggest creditors: Newt himself, at nearly $272k as of his April filing.
yea they at questions. Inform a show on campus tomorrow too.
The 'Starbuckaroos' propose a bet. You lose, you lose the mustache. I lose, I grow one.
I love being snowed in and having an excuse to stay home :)
lol you'll look funny I bet, but it's ok ;p
Happy to send you a free copy of the ibook. What's your email? Send to and I'll send. Open in ipad.
Dress to impress! Employers are looking for someone who makes a great first impression
Cheyenne: What do you want to be when you grow up? Sage: Your husband.
wow another road primetime game in pittsburgh... They dont want to come here believe me
Gonzalez is always #hiring for #mijobs ! Inquire within!
I'm starting my XXL Freshman 13 campaign now. If you're intrigued w/ stories of miracles and angels on Earth, tune in.
Pushing to heroku used to be very easy. Now with Rails 3.1 it's no longer the case
All my life I believed that the fundamental struggle was Black versus white. Now I realize that it's the haves [vs] the have-nots.
Can we just go to shootout? Please? Im tired.
what the poop is a buffadilla?
Woke up to our alarm radio playing Immediately started laughing without even knowing why.
happy birthday:))
RT So good to see so many familiar faces going way back to the 1990's at
bro I just woke up. Gonna eat and go back to sleep
Speaking of lazy, Dina and I were talking about how much we need to hang out with you. Dinner some time? Lunch? Also, soccer?
Remember no one wins 70% of their plays consistantly.
I wish! Come to the Boise date and sleep in my bed.
My girl asked me why my diick had a tie on it... I told her "cause my shit mean bussiness.....
RT Do not overestimate the competition and underestimate yourself. You are better than you think.~ T. Ferriss
Reasons for me dying in class and seizing while I try not to laugh hysterically "Im pretty sure my bitchiness just gave him a douche boner"
amazing tweets
RT : To innovate, plz don't let ur education get in the way of ur imagination. <L&D has tendency to get in the way of ourselves
One of the BEST feelings in the world...No more car payment!! :) working our way through 's baby steps to become debt free!
With my babyy
Yeah! but for some reason he hasnt rtd me today -_-
don't throw away my rock :/..
Felix Gomez Trio is on stage tonight in the cellar! Hope to see you all soon!
thank u for following me bac i voted for $avege kid$ hope u guys win
I'm going to sing wherever I may roam to you
IM STILL ON FOLLOWING LIMIT? NO ONE UNFOLLOW ME!! I WANT TO FOLLOW U FIRST!!!
wow that makes sense what a joke I wouldn't doubt it if he was working for them! That site makes so much money and is a cheat!
I wish :) I like my trails and long runs.
My make-up artist on set 2day drew 150 of the make-up designs that were used in the Hunger Games...my make up was amazing! Great day on set!
If i text you a couple of times & you dont text back after 2 times that's been done i wont try texting you no more
I find them everywhere....he he!
“: I had no idea 3 seconds lasted so long.” yeah! And there is still 8 seconds left!
Well, in spring I always think of the Joyce Kilmer rest stop...
I know this seems counter-intuitive, but I bet if I spent the whole of 2012 sober I would end up with a wife and kid by the end of it.
no problem..
Nothing seems to "break" the configuration, until I changed the IP range in "DHCP" settings from the default...
GLD Alert! Falls below $180... Yikes!
In the past, aristocratic conservatives feared that democracy would allow the poor to confiscate the wealth of the rich:)
I'm upset.
don't break your back
#juggalo life, cause I'm a straight G
2day must be "Dumbday" or something..just sayin. I'mma just breathe & throw in some laughs here & there, things are just loopdy doo 2day. ;)
I've decided to collect my winnings over the course of 25 years instead of taking the cash payment
*HUGE SPECIALS* From 8a-12noon, the first 10 customers can buy ANY BOTTLE of LOTION for 40% off! From 8a-12noon, Buy ANY TAN for $9.99 each!
Wtf Taylor made has rocket balls!
Wow!!! Why so much hate?!
bout to get some of those super hero chucks, green lantern or the black and yellow bat mans? killer
amazing post! thanks for sharing bro
OhhMyGoshh I just saw my future husband... Dreads, gauges, and lots of tattoos <333 I'm in love.
Love! RT : “What is the definition of a good wine? It should start and end with a smile.” ~ William Sokolin
Are we still fighting?
I know right. I miss your face :(
Juz10 was creeping on my personal blog yesterday and descided to reblog Megan Fox. Lol. Omg. THANKS JUZ10.
wait so... Are you on Facebook now? Haha
we are always ready for a prickly pear!
lol just chillin too. true thats wassup. what u up to for tonight?
RT : re:Noel-Levitz, "only" 25% of students/parents report looking @ blogs. But that's still a substantial number!
"Those arrested under the ordinance would face up to six months in county jail and a fine of up to $1,000."
this might mean you're too emotionally involved!
No matter how late I leave for work I'm always here before the gates open!
Hearing about us on LA Observed on right now! How cool is that?! (some of us may be huge KCRW nerds...)
listening to Elise Broach's Masterpiece. wondering if I have any potential new best friends living under the sink.
I disregard weak tweets from weak people...you just showin your character. *high fives*
Today I'll play whose in Brooklyn tonight plus
How could a person be so inconsiderate when attempting to break in your house. Hope you find your dog.
I'm not doing the shoutouts if u don't follow me. Sorry.
Was waving at me after lunch???
Fucking head is about to explode.
kay wait ill message it to yuh , butt if yuh text me ill reply in the morning cus im sleepy LOL
Watching the Bulls game now. 7 seconds, and they're up by 1. Uh.
TOTALLY AGREE WITH YOU ON THAT ONE!!!
thats crazy your name is not coming up..
#MikeWallace RIP at 93 years old. Thanks for all those years of outstanding work.
: The very few real salseros they have out there have tried, but there are too few of them.
Ah what is that!! It's a baby cockroach! - Workaholics
I think Connie Chastain will be mad at me tomorrow.
Just realized I am. Hadn't even noticed that. I wonder if they have each other blocked.
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in awhile, you could miss it. -Ferris Bueller.....Bueller?
Well then I guess I will have to come and see you and get sloppy drunk! YAY!!! :D That will be a treat, LOL!!!
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is for you to get off your ass an make her a sammich
Thanks for the follow. Followed back!
Way to go!
Where in Montana? I'm in Missoula...but it's a huge state!
OH: I didn't really think people did that.. dress up as an animal.. for sex.... I told you he tried to have sex with me
Thanks. Had a great couple days. Off to do a few shows and back again soon.
Bad trade by the
You piss me off!!!!!! God I hate dumb whores!!
Go with us. We're money in the bank. Just kidding but we do have great selection, prices and service.
GUYS THE SHOW ISN'T RIGGED OMFG.
Let's talk about whatever it takes. Whatever.
Not to puff my feathers...but I'm looking fierce today.
ur still the man
Or Lilian too.
i got a move for us this weekend though !!
Well, 53yo Catholic volunteer lady, showing me your tattoo was very clearly a ruse for exposing your sacred lady bits to young lil' me.
Wishful thinking, right?
Hot in Cleveland.
being committed is being there all the time. Significant other can't be there all time whether it's physical or emotional
Gotta do another stupid history report! I hate it! Why did I pick New York?!?!? Why!
well.. i have no eyes and don't have the patience to fix the avi lol
Oops. I think not completely finished editing. Says May, 2011. Happy to pretend still to be 36!
Will you have packets available for media? I will be covering for Louisiana Basketball Report if you want more publicity.
is my bestie always
what's it called? I'll look it up later
Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty. -Gandhi
Systematic rape being used as a weapon in Congo. Forget kony, what about apple/dell ?
Why is upshaw dropping?
film coming to Fox Lane High School April 25, 7 pm. If you are local, don't miss this documentary abt incarcerated mothers
you know the real irish dont celebrate. :)
Neither. Vaginas are a myth.
Amazing! Made me want to make more art outside. It was like nature graffiti in a way... temporary, ethereal, fragile
Definitely! I'm pouring myself a cocktail
Extremely well said. Thank you!
This year has been weird! Warm and cold off and on but probably not as cold as Oregon. Nonetheless, I found it chilly lol
Wait do you know some awesome zero inbox resources? Another inspired move. Yay.
Liam needs to stop grabbing his crotch.
My nose is all stuffed up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
"Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" out in theaters today. Can it possibly be as good as the Swedish original? We can only hope.
well done you two
Vigil for popular san Marcos teen who died suddenly last nite. Friends will meet at 6 pm at Woodland Park Middle School
guys who think they can go from girl to girl, use my bestfriend and hurt her basically cheat and expect me not to say somthing? SMH.
when you tweet about shazam it makes me think of my days playing magician as a kid and waving my wand and shouting Shazam!
Took over 70 pictures this weekend, most of which go with blog entries... pyrotopia, tonic restaurant, wine tasting @ pino's - lots to come!
If you kill her, you kill me ! <3 Jacob Balck -TaylorLautner-
hoping this weekend ends up being better than my week. got to see my brother which brightened my mood a lot.
friend request sent
I will send you a link tomorrow! Dont worry!
Wishing my stomach would feel better
In a real note... BUY MY SODA
I hope my abuelo is going to be okay.
Romance fills the air in 3 days!! Get your lady something special. www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic
Portugal the man love w/ free beer :) Check out King Charles today 4 pm Austin Convention Center...good stuff
": Dear chocolate, Stop being THAT delicious." Shane's? :P
#MKE Peeps! Be sure to follow - one of the GREAT sources of #philanthropy here. #MKETWEEP Cc:
Im so mellow right now
My grandma, who had MS, raised 3 kids, & mom raised 2. They worked very, very hard. They also taught me to pick your battles. Let's move on.
if u was fuckin wit me...it wouldnt be lol
Saved the American auto industry
lol! I love that movie :-)
The redwood trees are in NoCal.
You are capable of so much more than you think! One foot in front of the other... keep going for it!
Everybody know when you Was lil Waddeva yo mom wouldnt get you or let you do yoo grandma would lol
Overly grown woman w/ da LOUDEST headphones on da train, U look silly... 40year old blastin Waka Flocka
Came home yesterday to the sound of my husband rapping to the kids. Very curious to see what I'm coming home to tonight.
804.932 Followers! OMG! I love you so much Miranda <U+2665>
this prob gon be the best game of the series
Lovin the warm sunny weather in #MKE. Glad not to be in my hometown #YVR they are getting
My great what? Or did you mean "you're great", in which case, thanks. :-)
my dog is all cool sitting in front of the tv wathing tom and jerry
Ryan Calo: "protect people at least as much as we protect dvds"- proposes penalty for companies circumventing consumer privacy choices
Went to Berkaderk for graduation day then we went to Gypsy's I love Italian food so expensive thoo
Here goes everything!
Thank You! :)
Algebra was easy for the Romans because X was always 10
I totally felt the same way! It took me less than 10 min!!!
Really excited to see what happens with my diary study on mobile image sharing, 35 people around the world are sharing their stories
chair & a half in my living room, Bernie. Pizza and #Frankenmuth beer made by is delicious!
Twinkie and Chevy co-brand add in yoo-hoo and you have
In his role of a Rufus, the high-diving lumberjack?
“: It's my 19th birthday today. A RT or a reply from would be the best b-day present ;))” Happy Birthday!!!
Someone at ExFabula tonight said they fell a little bit in love with me based on the story I told about
These days are going so fast.
Tuesday Mornings has some sweet deals on sheets. Or Marshalls.
"Don't tread on this notion that education isn't a fundamental aspect of our democracy." #eisummit Right on ASU
Oh how I love iTunes Match. :)
Why some individuals insist on using fake photos...somebody please explain. Lol smh.
My roommate...WHO SHALL RENAME NAMELESS...is an ass. :)
Finally got my phone back
great tweet Nika!
Cbs sports says that family says is untrue.
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life.
Z jobs are pricey, but totally worth it.
Relaxing poolside with IN THE GARDEN OF BEASTS with , , Doesn't get much better than this.
I hate today already... Wanna know why? Cause today would have been two months. Cool -______-
“: We all have that one friend who's still a virgin.” we do?
some people are really serious about their laundry, ok?
THE FAIR SUNDAY..BALLIN TOMORROW...I LOVE THIS ATL LIFE FWM
That's crazy Cee u really a homo damn ol school at noon used to b my shit.
text me:)
I know it's a DIRTY JOB, BUT..I RAISE MY HAND lol
#nomorebull if u got something to say to me say it
if I agreed to Tweet #DisneyFantasy everyday for a year they would give my family a free trial run? #lotsofpornstarfollowers!
I like what you are doing. Are you still operational?
It's a sad world when I feel like it would be pretentious of me to write a song not in 4/4 or 6/8
Hmm, maybe use instead of our own home-grown solution? Looks like a nice API/engine.
BINGO!!!!! RT : Welcome to The Pride!!
Ours are learning a three step process. One, (time out in garage). Two: Time out in the tub. Three Time out in the *full* tub.
I got "Spittin'" on a loop tonight. That joint is prophetic and speaks the truth. The beats and flows are TIGHT.
Slept too effin great <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Maybe they'll all merge with the "fro-yo" stores and the next birthday fad will be fro-yo birthday [cup]cakes
im dress like sundays best gettin booty gold rubbers call dat treasure chest
RT if your awesome ;D
#iassist sigdc can help provide some use cases for adding a resource type of dataset to
We're looking forward to your arrival in June... The PNW is ready!!
looks so sick
hey in this station do they play Eyes Open mash up with The Hunger Games trailer?
I see it..
did you notice the man aboard the structure in the photo? Crazy!!
I concur.
Thanks Dan.
these niggas stay dating young ass hoes like damn whi wonder how there moms be feeling about that shit
man dnt be payin her no attention she be talkin
Melo loves answering questions about #Linsanity during game in
Would you put salt, antibiotics, and heavy metals on your organic garden? Better test what's in that reclaimed grey water.
4 more days and I'll be in Hawaii :))
I'm the fool in love with a fool, who's still in love with you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Game on!! Let's go
It's beautiful outside !! (:
UNC does not deserve a number 1 seed, so I hope they don't get one.
Most dudes named Courtney are dudes I wouldn't mess with.
PUNCH TODAY....BLOOD RED RIVER {WEST INDIES RUM, TAWNY PORT, STRAWBERRY, KUMQUAT, MANDARIN, SUGAR, WATER} SOURCE; DEREK ALEXANDER
Thanks for the follow. I'm now following your blog
hi¡¡¡ follow me please ¡¡ ILOVESOMUCH <3
ugh n All the pixs
Brian Stafford (8) and Royce O'Neale (7) lead the #Pioneers in scoring at the half. #Pioneers 27 #MeanGreen 20
i will have all the games on watchnhllive.com so tune in to watch the games
You like me.I like you. Everytime we see each other we act like strangers and don't talk often.
Oreo Icecream! Yum ;)
I tell my mother happy mothers day to her face. Y'all tweet like ya mom follow you on twitter
I am looking to feature underground music on my internet radio station that I'm starting up if you are interested get at me.
look forward to following this closely. congrats UCL!
woo to the hoo!! so glad you found awesome #marcjacobs sandals right here at #jane!! just got awesome #manolos! xo
No matter how carefully you choose your words, they'll always end up being twisted by others..
Playing Trey. scent of a woman, you know what it is.": #bayM1GS late rental truck with sound system arrives at Plaza"
Judge: "You say it was an accident that you shot your wife?" Man: "Yes. She stepped in front of my mother-in-law when I pulled the trigger."
Wow beautiful corner beautiful header!
Longest line ever at punch. Just getting in the door now.
Oh gosh Courtney, you shouldn't be!! I've always been like, super jealous of you!
Enjoying a most wonderful WV day ... Sunshine n perfect .... Thank you buddy WCHS weatherman Jim Barack ....
Just came back in from walking cola;
Indeed. Especially me.
hey dude what's up there?
Absolutely a great way to start the year! Writing now!
Late at night I toss and turn and dream of what I need
I need to talk to you now about getting essential item left on bus. Please Message me ASAP
Expecting the worst hoping for the best lol RT : Alone in the same car with Ronalds girl, hopefully I don't die tonight
yeah buddy!
It is almost 6 in the freaking am and I'm still awake! Tf!
Dancing and being creepy.
My head is pounding. I need a BC powder stat!
And a follow-up question: Do you know how to fix it!??!?!?!
I am currently writing one to you! Yours was perfect, BTW.
Duck's are looking Sharp!
hey guys, i wanna be best friends with :)
im late lol but thank you minnie me: ) , we shoulda took ah pictuure
where did you end up watching it?
like that shirt? if you have a photo of any fans wearing them we would love to post it to our tumblr!!!
#ARealBoyfriend would act the same around his friends that he does around you.
THOR was bad ass!
That's a wrap for Supremacy. On to some fun and the next adventure.
yes it's my cousin. Nice to hear!
Good morning #Vegas. It's breakfast time!
Meeting the Second Lady of Liberia Madam Kartumu Boakai’s at a private fundraiser today!
LOL you both are too funny :D
Thanks For You Never Giving Up! It Reminds Me Not To Give Up Being A Dancer/Singer/Brain Surgeon! Thanks! <U+2665>
In this case, it wasn't the fall that got their attention. It was the grilled cheese on the floor! LOL
TUT FACT: Lord Carnarvon financial backed Howard Carter's archeological dig for the tomb of Tut. Learn more at The Children's Museum of Indy
we look like the biggest idiots ever lmao
Hey woulda stopped in the middle of the street to chat, but didn't want to get run over! So hey dude!
love how are you?
AMERICA WHY ARE YOU SO STUPID. SKYLAR SHOULDVE WON AMERICAN IDOL. HECK COLTON SHOULDVE WTF.
I know. I'm so annoyed w/people who r slamming Whitney. If you're not a true fan say nothing to us she is "The Voice"
toy vacuum
hey bro, you wanna do a song with me?
Who's up scheming right?
You can't post a full free video?
Yes, there was a pixelated image in it too!
Agency is scared. RT Not quite understanding why questions to team are deemed "kiss ass."
Just realized that my nail polish is scented. What WILL they create next.
woo woo woo, you know it bro.
I see when men love women. They give them but a little of their lives. But women when they love give everything.
I have a pool bitch
Thanks for the RT!
We will have a tech kirkland today...
There is no definition of beauty, but when you can see someone's spirit coming through, something unexplainable, that's beautiful to me
hey nice pic! Great to see you on the course!
I'm ready for them 4s to drop tho!
People who use Twitter to meet girls are lame. If any hot girls agree, message me your number and we can talk about it.
Great night interviewing for Dirty Water TV. Thanks to the folks at for the hospitality.
#HowImGRAND always staying positive of course <U+263A>
Why thank you!
Of course on demand, so we're not warehousing books or pulping anything. Each book sold is actually read and none destroyed.
As usual, hooked up my styling needs. Ready to hit the red carpet w/ tonight!
Higher Ground featuring Marqueal Jordan and the Players LIVE @ Red Kiva, April 18th
thanks babe :*
.. there goes my happy mood
Take time to reflect on your own professional development. What impact has it had on you?
WTF IS THAT NOISE?!
>> Love "No Goat Left Behind" project - brilliant! If you want to raise $ to grow more, this is perfect for
Coffee, another song down, tacos, flashlight taped to my console, and a couple of bug bites on my knuckles. Variety is the word of the day.
Real talk.
& tthe way that yhuu flip your hair gets us overwhelmed[;
Screw you and your "required policy" of scanning my drivers license before I buy a bottle of wine
remember that hoodie allen dude i showed you?
Thor was an okay movie, however a definite must see for anyone going to see the amzaing Avengers movie. Two thumbs up
I know..I'm a couple of hours behind, but I'm in with wine and this #Gamechange is well done. Julianne Moore is an amazing actress.
thanks for the shout out Deb !
-most likely to outrun a wild animal
Patiently awaiting da snow.
you're a poet <33333
Thank you Icelantic Skis for the post! We can't wait to see your 'staches - It's going to be a hairy month!
Left with no hope and your faith weakened..
It's awful late there. Go to sleep :)
Hey MissOuiam, if you want me to help you with your site. You need to follow me, otherwise I can't send you messages.
Because of , I can survive ROTC.
#thatawkwardmoment when you ring someones door bell and you forget if you rung it so you dont know wether to ring it again or not O___O
Those unexpected texts are the best
it makes no sense whatsoever.
Looks like Lenny's goin' fishin'! Seriously. Love that movie.
Our pleasure
U MAD? RT : WHY THE FUCK IS THERE EVEN A DRAFT. JUST STICK ADAM SCHEFTER IN A ROOM FULL OF PHONES, JERGENS LOTION AND PICTUR…
Tom and Jerry's theme song stuck in my head...
follow back pls ? (:
We buy huge boxes, and it doesn't take long to go through it at all.
Real Standard > Automatic.
hit me up when you're back in Speedway bub.
thanks Claire! Stop by our booth - D3. :-)) ^jv
Congrats!!!! The wait is over!
nah not so much lol
The answer to my own question: Sexy John Snow. I would have the bastard's bastard.
Tonight we are celebrating Selma Beck Harry, first African American troop leader 1917, at the African American reunion.
And in typical brewers fashion, 2 runs in the first inning followed by no hits the rest of the game.
Thanks for the idea and we will look into this! We hope everyone enjoys our Bloody Mary Bar/Mimosas from 10-2 on Sat and Sun!
I should have a guitar back in my hands by the end of the month. And I've been starved of music so I will be posting on YouTube frequently.
Live acoustic pop/rock/country music tonight with Zach Wade & Dan Harvey at 9pm! Who's coming out to check out this awesome duo?
who who?
Conductors: 9 of the 12 beats in 12/8 time should be on the same horizontal plane, and equidistant from each other.
no he is not he is such a good singer and he's HOT!!!!! ;)
WET ULTRA LOUNGE Tonight with POWER 102 HUGE FRIDAY NIGHT DANCE PARTY for info call SARAH at 915-449-2066 TONIGHT doors fly open at 9pm
19th march is 'A' day i'll never forget
Follow my tweets is a Sexy account related to Porn ;)
More work/life conflict among fathers as men are 14 points ahead of women on the work-life conflict scale.
oh that's ya hoe? that's my hoe too.
"Google me" used to be my jam though. "you betta ax somebody.... Google me, baby"
Maybe I hope too much. Maybe I dream too much. But at least I won't give up until I've tried, and I won't regret anything.
LOLJKKKKKKKKK not making a new twitter. that involves way to much mouse clicking and typing. #lazy haha
Swimming was fun today.
#AwkwardMomentWhen you but in someone's conversation. o.o
yes we do like rock and roll. thanks for asking
Just saw a hit and run outside of Pollys. Car waiting for valet got rearended. Got to play the hero by taking down the license plate number.
Cheer tryouts Monday- Friday, audition Tuesday, then Great America Friday! :D
video shoot next month, BUSH is back, and I finally have a tan - kick ass summer underway
Gettin the day started
@'Krisondra Thank you so much. For the mention and follow.. XOXO
I can't think of a more useless reason to live; if only to trade in the stock market day in day out. Eating numbers all day everyday sucks.
Yea I got a team #NoIntentions. <<<---- Follow Them and we expanding
I can't stop thinking about her either! The way she looked in the beginning broke my heart!
he is whipped <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
congrats! What a great job! Best wishes!
Got to love the feelings of being screwed over !
can I ask why first? ;)
Cheap Shots play tonight at 9:30, come on in for live beer and fresh music!
Hahaha Okay Im down! Ready to Buy Nasty stinky used Clothes (: Cus we Cool like that! (:
Today day is my birthday! We are celebrating all day long! Thank you all!
God Bless America! Retweet if your proud to be an American!
We love Ford, could you bring some Flex's to our #racquetball Nationals event in Fullerton next week?
and rest! Whew!
and I used to think Led Zepplin was an individual, not a band. Er... back before I was so hip.
I may watch a whole game if Oz is in the booth RT : Just read that FOX is hiring Ozzie Guillen for World Series. Excellent hire!
Some guys will cheat on their girlfriends and sleep like a baby at night but feel guilty when they go to another barber..lol
Can't sleep need help with money problems
I have canvases ready to deliver. And I must say, they look AWESOME! Thanks to for the help!
Shooting has begun for the summer with ALL NEW episodes of #ThisDaySucks !!! Hope everyone likes the new shorter format and same old antics!
Flying to a film investors meeting today, hope Las Vegas don't swallow me up!, someone help keep the slots away from me! hehe ha ha!!! Pray!
I'm holding out for our GA finale party. We need to stay off facebook/twitter, someone will post about it.
Patients feel good about their experience and results with Dr. Bucko and his staff at Belladerma!
Hope everyone one is planning on coming out to this Saturday. Line dance lessons start at 6pm and last until 8pm!!!
thx Ben! We assess ur professional and personal sides to help u find the right people. We r adding new features soon!
Agree 100%. Nonsense tweets show how low the media is truly sinking, "experts" had Packers trade, no patience anymore as fans?
I know.
follow us?(:
This demographic is 50+% of global pop worth $8,000,000,000,000 in spend. #Disability (incl combat injured vets) = inclusive
If I Keep Pressing I Will Reach My Mark!!!
.LOL was just with Hulk thurs , he's still Jacked
"all men want is sex, they're all the same." umm so that's all you give men? Sex? Yeah, you're the problem here lol
promote you doing what? What's your thing?
So this movie's first act is really three acts compressed into about 45 minutes. That's why I secretly call this movie "#IronMan Begins."
oh dang! It was this choir comp so it cost to get in but next time!!
Muhhhhhfucckkkaaaaa.im hated
I missed your #ala11 presentation but I saw the toolkit & other resources on your site. VERY great & what I would like to do.
Sweat pants, hair tied, chillin w/ no make up one . . That's when you tha prettiest, I hope that you don't take it wrong (:
oh that looks like a bunch of hung over people<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
I'm super freaked out by tornados. Trying to relax but I'm paranoid
Okay--try it again man. Problem solved...meaning...let me know if it worked!
“: Once swimming, find a nice draft and relax. Cocktails await your return to the beach ;)” good thought!!!
Your invited to Fancy Sauce Tuesday's VIP this is one of Vegas hottest night club reply for guest list
I should really learn how to prioritize.
BOOMER! Great work, lady!
Be nice to yourself today.
ahh yes. Mar-gar-it-a dance party!
Me too
Also strange, getting videos from of his dad's newest pets: Chickens.
PLEASE HELP ME GET JUSTIN TO FOLLOW ME!
God spoke, and BANG! It happened!
“: Somebody got shot 8 times omg this is so sad” damn bro! At least u n ur crew aight!
let's go to #Starbucks tomorrow and you can go with me to get my sprizzz tizzzz #yes? <U+2754><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF><U+2615>
with the guy I like and she knows for a fact I like him but I think he may like her back :(
I'm eager to see the results next week b/c I can't quite envision what that means! :)
UWM vs MU. Battle for the city of Milwaukee.
I know right!! I can't believe this. Can you imagine if that was your friend
That woman made my decision so much easier
Fuck Kony.. Strive and make money for the kingdom of GOD he should be made famous because America is trying to get ppl to stop believing
sorry I just looked at your tweet,... Skype tonight forsure!!!
Looking at photos of hot men for the cover of THE MAYHEM: ROAN'S STORY. Oh, the sacrifices we writers make for our craft!
1 killed after storm blows down beer tent after Brewers game in St. Louis - Wisconsin State Journal
Nerd alert!
I gotta stop gettin chocolate wasted at the club :-/ Work too hard, play too hard!
Who will be shutting down this weekend :) Let us know! We have great bottle specials and an amazing dj lineup!
lol are you going to 1D's concert when they go to Cali ??
holy fat burn batman I think I am actually going to make it to the Gym today! Happiness will be me getting in a hardcore work out!
Thx Love! U know me, 1 step at a time. Great things are happening 4 both of us. We need to work together & get together soon.
YOU GO TO BED! I CAN'T SLEEP :p
A kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years.
Nice to meet you too!!
beautiful video. everything i just heard and witnessed was amazing...
Thank you! All praise belongs to for the logo and for the site design and production. Thanks, guys!
A SHORT GIRL WITH A PHAT ASS... BIG DEAL!!! ITS HARD NOT 2 HAVE A PHAT ASS WHEN UR SHORT!!! HAVENT U SEEN MIDGETS???
You guys stealin my material?? RT : Thanks!
Boston airport reminds me of a goat market back in Pak, full of confused chaos
Gym, 3 months till boston and 1month till my last spring game...its all going by to fast...but happy af it is
Just finished heart of darkness by Conrad.
wayne what u doing boy
holy shit I can't wait to see Brand New this weekend.
Random car alarms being turned on as I walk bye~>
You live in Texas! The birthplace of poker in America! (Even though, for some reason, you still can't play it there legally.)
that's exactly what I was thinking. Now to find one before Sun with 2 full days of work & a committed sat.
yay! I didn't realize you had Internet access :')
Anyone here with any good TIPS.... Email us at
Dan, Simon is very sick. can you find a phone and call me?
I am not a snob!
Another reason to be on Google+? #PR pros not only want to be heard, they want to reach the largest audience possible.
Great win, Terps!
these two people in my grade started going out on tuesday and everyone is making the biggest fucking deal about it.
Arabian Nights
Yeah...the Academy-Award winning umpire.
DL? like i said before #LaserShow will be fine! agrees with me
mine is shot!
Almost got hit by a piece of firework! Love this holiday! Haha!
The greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves. ~
Uptown pole dancing studio helps women put a new spin on life
can i just say i sold two bracelets and two cds haha
Where have you been all my life?
Uh oh Larry Merchant Vs. Floyd Mayweather 2
Damn, Celtics lost..
Two more days until the prologue release!
I Thank God for my Big SIs 4 pushn me to step upn become a man n leadin by a great example. u may not no it but i watch u. ILU :)
Beyoncé - Flaws And All: via
just put it in yo DM
Annoying people annoy me
Congratulations to and all the #MichiganFootballSeniors. Those who stayed are Champions!
Raytheon saw a 59x performance increase over a highly tuned RDBMS using
Things e finally looking up 4 me,I'm crazy in love & engaged 2 the most amazing man ever
sorry i couldnt see it very well through the window....
I miss u more boo :)) hope u enjoy prom wid me
too far :(
Can't wait to see Eric Mun he is love
Yy boy just asked me if I ever seen a Buff skinny nigga???...Wtf is buff Skinny nigga?..lol..
Thinking about distributed archives.
NOT NOW JOSE! THE #PREDS JUST LOST, YOU JERK! RT : Need venture capalist to invest in my ideas. I complete u anti aging product.
cue the Homer Simpson *drool*
People are shitty.
will do
Here we go again. I have to mow the yard for the first time this year. Here's to having to mow every week until Fall.
Having a great time in the name of country music
paul krugman: good docs or good genes?
thinks it is weird that there are only a few days left to 2009...
Tenth Award for Family-run Building Firm Being recognised in any industry is an achievement, but a family run building company has now sc
To my Florida faction, you look beautiful tonight
Happy birthday to my good buddy Geoff !
sounds like a good collection so far
Can't wait to reunite with our boyfriends (the Packers) in San Diego (a whale's vagina).
OKC's offense is no offense at all. They have championship talent, but do they have the scheme or ability to adjust in a 7 game series???
I shouldn't be near Vegas and have money in my pocket. -Adam Sandler
RT Jealous: Police doing racial profiling aren't doing other work reducing/preventing crime.
ohh okay now i understand, i read ur tweet wrong, sorry
Well some may have seen my "avatar' preview animation. I think I'll hold off 'til Halloween week and fix up its continuity.
Though many Americans have never met a #Muslim before, in a recent Gallup Poll 43% said they felt at least “a little” prejudice against them
love it!
- When EVERYBODY Was Little , All Wee Wanted Was Somee LIGHT-UP Shoes !
Are you coming to Memphis anytime soon... I miss you
Thanks! Want to be sure it's clear to everyone. Even those outside ASD community can participate in
Fall issue now available ! Need some sweet vintage fabrics? Check it out!
I think its time to change my twitter icon.... :/
Several scenes where he poses as real character, but we know he's a monster. Figuring out how to refer w/o beating reader on head.
there won't be any money, but when you die, on your deathbed, you will receive total consciousness
Start off the week with some positivity...
good doggy (;
Most pinners are based in the Midwest right now.
Duke University Survey Just In!!! 68% of US CFO's report having a hard time filling accounting and finance vacancies. We can help with that…
when I go on
what, no snow blanket for your sleepy harbor?!
you are going to be amazing! ": Wonderful show tonight w/ Company Rose. Trying to get ready for our performance tomorrow night!"
I hate #twitterspam. Can I get an #amen?
National Survey Reveals Eight Out of Ten Americans are Not Prepared for Natural or Man-made Disasters
Did I seriously read that right Ben and Jerry? "#Schweddy Balls!?!?!?!"
Butt pimples are the worst pimples. Maybe really short shorts wasn't the proper wardrobe selection for your morning jog lady
4th quarter- Playoffs- Close game. It's time for LeBron to prove the haters wrong!
can I get it
#ADCDebate BRAC is what it is and we need to deal with it
I don't know if they charge. The space is really cool; open floor plan; in NoLibs. Wifi worked well. Nice folks.
Evidently Timmy needs a Valtrex prescription?
Gretchen tells us that her parents are happily married and still living in Woodstock, New York.
Gun me followerss k gun backk ;).
Since I have only had Starbucks once this month, I thought it would be ok to splurge on some teavana
eating time
Day three of 8am-5am. Guy in front of me finally retired his green blazer.
HS senior Megan Parker is talking about her work with at-risk students & #MyIdea grant. "schools are for students."
We have no unanswered emails in our box. What was your question?
Happy Friday! What are everyone's plans for the weekend?
Jesse Lemisch suggests that we create a new Works Progress Administration to create new jobs. Forum on Job Market
how the fuck did chop suey get on my ipod?! And why am i listening to it? Fuckingg looser.
When you sign up to donate just say you were refered by brian white
What are the #Texans to do at QB now!?
“: new music on the way” can't wait to hear it!!!
RT : Looking forward to attending #40/40 reunion event tonight. Lots of winners & former 40s coming.
“: I refuse to stick my dick in a broke bitch...” LMFAO!
At the movies with Julian & elijah..bout to watch the avengers
stop what?
I'll try again. Not writing tip, but a copy ed. once replaced all my "said" tags w/ "chortled" "exclaimed," etc.
Have a story about battling the odds, resilience & determination? Share it w/us 2 be part of our free show 9/22 @ Century Plaza....
$200mil opening for THE AVENGERS. Lord.
I guess you and I share that unique and rarely discussed disorder called "cacographobia"...:)
These commentators are pro Cotto even when #Mayweather leads
Worth it, especially if you're in the north end.
I think God just answered my prayer questioning if I have any true friends...
Stalberg to the box again and Mike Smith still has a shutout going
#FF our intrepid producer is finally out of the shadows, on Twitter! what are we gonna do with him?
..smoking a bone?? Yoga breathing in the woods, blasting material girl and snow beach. #greatsuccess so far
#Googlover meet up with me you pussy!
RT : is helping raise money for a 2 yr. old boy who has Leukemia bit.ly/jiHw6W”
Always love, live and laugh... Remember, God has given us these things as answers in overcoming obstacles we face in life. Embrace it!
if only. Maybe another moratorium: no new functionality until packaging is sorted out?
I cannot sleep :C
Mark Lewis field goal is GOOD! Preds up 27-24 with :38 left in the game.
thanks for the RT! keep spreading the good word!
Big MC - The Nation is not just expecting You Back. We expect great numbers & Leadership. Lets go get 'em! IU84.
Listening to the Dum Dum Girls.
Aw. How come you unfollowed me?
I can now say I've spent 36 hours of my life as a telemarketer. Awesome.
XSS scares me.
even worse than the first ECW on TNN taping?
yes i do!
Wow, what a tough start to the week. Bears lose =[ on the brighter side it's about time for the Lions #doingwork they're looking gr8
WHO UNFOLLOWED ME I AM SO SAD :(
Thank you! It's been a great first year for the 'Folio - am pumped for 2012!
Yay i'm planning a NY trip for end of June. Yankee Stadium & BFFs baby arrival all planned! Can't wait! Haven't been since 6/2010
Sleep finally
yup its all good what you been on
#Schools and #libraries, if you want 5th-8th grade boys rolling in the aisles & excited about books, just have visit.
Congrats to all the winners at #MES12. Honored that was selected as Best Software. Thank you!
All moved into my dorm room.
Finally something funny on #SNL. Love and 's Nick and Nick sketch.
Love this chick !!
Chris Hansen popped out of nowhere!
Finally catching up on Gossip Girl <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
love your tweets...inspiring but you unfollowed me! :(
follow me and follow back (:
Go Cardinals!
ooh that is awesome! I live in studio city moved here in jan and love it :D I am gonna add you on fb! Do u still talk to lh ppl?
It still holds true that man is most uniquely human when he turns obstacles into opportunities. -Eric Hoffer
Left my keys in my car. With my car running.
Your Welcome (: !
Ray Allen just missed a free throw...make a wish!
Having a great time at #vanhalen !
Enjoy your New Year's Eve Eve with lunch or dinner Fish Fry varieties include: Cod, Perch, Bluegill and Haddock.
listening to a good dose of at the office. Andy Kaufman stories: Yes!
“: Oh you have Instagram? Wow, you must be a really good photographer.”
"He's a natural born world-shaker" - Cool Hand Luke
Obscure #U2 song playing in J C Penny's. But then again J C Penny's is obscure...
it was tough. How did you learn about it?
even UglyTown was victim of thinking that one success = big payday rather than building strong ongoing profit model
Happy Friday!
were you around when we did fls so we probs didn't do it…. we've been planning this all week….
Happy Birthday Connor Landis! I miss you so much! R.I.P.
New Android apps for Facebook and twitter? Awesome! Updates for g+ too!
bored. someone should text me :)
Why do you have tattoos behind your thighs? Is it easier for people to see because youre always in the dog positon?
Life is wide open to the hungry motivate people!!!
What's the best country to start a #socent, #greenbiz and/or a #startup for the #neweconomy? Share your thoughts/experience.
“: I love a 10! 10s make me smile! #DWTS”
Hi - Autry #libraries and #archives are new kids on the Twitter block today too! Looking forward to yr tweets.
They ate both great bourbons but one s wheated and one is rye based I prefer the pappy because of the wheat.
Finally New York bound after an hour delay!
KS is my only concern too. Ive enjoyed every trailer. First time director. I think I'll see it.
My dissertation: Modernist writers were incredibly snobbish and generally felt pretty bad about it.
The start of the Dodgers game has been delayed due to rain.
Is this your first time here?
Fab Design Tip: Have a team that has your best interests in mind and will make sure that you are happy with your decorating results.
As much as it hurts to admitt, your completely right.
You would think. It's just freaking pathetic the only Panthers news we get right now is who is signing autographs.
So cool to see on 's Chopped tonight! Congrats, Alli! cc:
Time for bed, my wife is calling me. Maybe I'll get lucky. Bwaaahahahahaa Wait, that's not really funny is it?
So my sister bought me a balloon for my birthday and at school it flew away :(
Being the way that you are is enough. <3
Of course, the tweepupational hazard
lmao xD you're the one that wants me. :o
All this talk about Cam and Andy reminds me of all the talk last year about Josh and Sam...so how are those 2 doing now?
yay! Can't wait...at least in Georgia I got a coffee mug. No tote bag??? Come on!
I say that every morning when I go to work... RT What was I thinking when I agreed to 3am wake-up time?
Thanks though
oh. well don't drink bleach unless you wanna die. and vinegar? I'll pass. have your ass stankin for years
is there a plan to give the redress of grievances to a particular Rep. or Senator?
I'm being 1057495029504% honest!
for it, it is of little value, "River" Marilyn delivers a line that sums this principle(Sherry Argov) perfectly. These are critical lessons
No one likes you stop talking.
Atl isnt the only city where ppl want to be entertainers. Thats how ppl get put on here so why wouldnt there be a lot striving for the same
I think fewer people pay attention to my twitter feed. I should fb less, or stop reporting all my activity.
Hah! RT : Law is just code written in a very free form, error prone, imprecise language. It's basically PHP really.
rain rain go away
Leaving a meeting office at 10:14 PM & getting home at 10:15 PM. Good women, good neighborhood, good night.
Church via web today.
Still in tallahassee.
no one can pull of the Saban's hair but Saban
i loved your video alex (; dm mee please. (;
that helps explain Piez's wish for comp. sci. help: speculating about programming primitives for range data?
about to see the final version of my video then meeting
#slcwebinar Make time to reflect on what you learn, synthesize and share.
“: Square Market sometime?” YES 100x yes.
Ch, I am being read in my mentions. Just now realizing I was naïve as hell.
Super Excited about The History of Rock and Roll Exhibit!!! We're gonna rock out with Wanda Jackson! Woman museum this Sat. Ponca City
No one has ever seen God; but if we love one another, God lives in us and his love is made complete in us. - 1 John 4:12
it wil only exist in the electronic realm as these are underpaintings for a series of surrealist pieces I love being able 2 scan
Polar Party coming soon! RT : Mystery solved: does have hot tubs, it says in their info.
I've seen that one already.
Hi this is ToriRoseee and I was wondering if you caller me during you Ustream??
but what I preach is what I walk as I speak it
Mummy I love you zoo much. This Sunday am I gonna show you how much I love you :3
Someone text me!!!!
Global Practice Support Analyst:
you're welcome!!
Alert: has crowned himself ULTIMATE guest-the people demand an on-air fight to the DEATH!
How long have I been comparing Quick to Richter? ok mom noticed it first but it was two years ago
..sending you your bands new ep...in 30 sec to your gmail. talk to me. I hope you like the hongs ep..its called delicate tremors!!
Love is so much better when you stop trying to look for it and you just let it come to you.<U+2764>
yes I'm working tomorrow! That would be awesome!
Batch and focus: group subjects/tasks together for better success and focus. Batch by their brain power.
#flo-rida ? Not my style , although #omero thinks very highly of him ,
Don't need to hear about it
Was nice meeting you the other night at Danny's Lounge, I'm sure we'll cross paths again but see you around.
I presume under your law that labor union officials are exempt, right? They can continue to make up stuff with impunity? Hm.
The last person you think about before you fall asleep, is the one who truly owns your heart. WOW WOW
I wanna get you hung up on someone that you use to know
MT : weird ingredients + (historical) credibility + creative spark = unexpected, unusual, inspiring outcome // You, too?
My cousin >
Thanks man, I was too embarrassed to ask what this was.
I can still recall my one bully thing: We pulled the kleenex out of our friend's bra next 2 the boys playground in 5th grade
And here I thought Jared was a testament to Subway's quality food. I guess you got proof to the contrary!
I know you want to watch the pacers tonight but can we please switch back to the voice? Eggs are done :) love you!
Let today be the day you realize the world doesn't revolve around you and take a look around ^_^
Oh, so you left Austin, but you came back after he released Say Somethin? Lol, no, we don't want you back.
whoa mandy almost got hit my a car
omg! i haven't seen a tweet from you in forever <3 good to know you're okay!
Yesterday was amazing. I hope today will be the same or maybe better.
it's because there's rumors going around that Niall is going to leave One Direction b/c he thinks the fans don't like him.
hello taco bell..How are YOU doin. ;P
Exactly! Number one lesson both b2 and b2c marketers can learn is that it is becoming a c2b world - focus on benefit -
What would be an ideal, but realistic, price for #SuperBowl tickets in your opinion? Tix are over $2k on
So my one & only proposal is that I gain the opportunity to meet & greet with you for my b-day; <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086>
omgoodness!! thank you for that!! Where in the hell have I been!?
Wow! Sounds great!
Cool pic Carson!!
#CanIBeHonestWithYou nA I rather not be honest might hurt to much!
I wanna go to sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Advisors will recognize , presenting in #Finovate Session 1 this morning. we should connect in the press room.
I think people have nothing better to do than stir the shit.
Vote for because student government is supposed to improve campus, not act as a playground for political ideologies.
Temptation is easy to follow because the tempter removes all fear of consequences.
Philbrick I agree. Loved all his books Nice too know he is also a good person.
Lmao,that's the testing requirements.
I hope that helped! :)
Just had
Is there a Senior Assembly today or not?-.-
I put the fun in dysfunctional :)
#luckylindy Lindbergh flies solo over the Atlantic in 33 hours. Lucky Lindy not so lucky. #LindberghLaw awarded by Hitler
And while the Thunder dismantle the Lakers....the Heat stuggle with the Pacers
I hope you're starting from the beginning, it will make a lot more sense. We really like that show, JJ Abrams is amazing.
just became a grave yard
#NLCATLANTA "The Best Way to predict your future is to create it" - Peter Drucker
oh well
Wow, thanks very much for the kind words!
Congratulations on the new job!
Maybe in another life. *sigh
wow, those photos are amazing....makes me want to buy plane tickets right now....
Switch to Sprint #FUATT RT : I used 4 GB of data last month on my unlimited data plan. I got throttled. I am the 5 percent. #AT&T
Love it! Piñatas do liven up any event.
Happy B-Day Sinn:)
Congratulations to Chiara Zalewski & Whitney Herrmann for booking a Music video shoot with Sony recording artist
Loving the girl talk at the hockey banquet with and
" Besides the looks ur cool as hell " :)
It takes great bravery to pursue something you want with passion. If you're dreaming it & going after your goal, you are ALREADY successful.
#FF Thanks for the RTs this week!
I'm in Chi-Town, but next time I'm out west would love to connect up! Have you connected w/ or ?
Wish i could go to the pirate game tonight<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> #stupidresearchpaper!
ok my bad I was confused smh
Sometimes I really wish Dottie liked her chariot! It's so nice out and I can't transport her to the dog park because she goes crazy.
had a great time!
Damn my fillin came out tooth hurtin bad as hell
Briggs & Stratton Introduces Two New Husqvarna Pressure Washers at Lowe&#39;s
In the process of editing my " It's meant to be " Music Video. Thanks Eric & Mitchie B <3 kellie
Mi Head Hurts
Follow - cooks, cleans, and provides more positive reinforcement than your wife and mine.
My friend with Sprint was receiving text msgs, but couldn't make a call. Coverage supposedly increased by 15x.
Q1 A: that a hard one both are great but I guess the ultrabook :-)
Hi! RT : Hi Leslie! RT : Chartreuse is my absolute favorite color -love to live with it and wear it!
I constantly tell myself ''I'm done'' but then I find myself trying again.
thanks for the re-tweet:)) hope u are well down undah
's Vic Johnson says "lipstick is optional" when advocating on the hill
Seriously? I had no idea!
nope studying for my exam tomorrow :(
is talking with Baltimore/DC/SATRAD PDs/APDs about PT gigs in . Let's meet online , www.mpvt123.com, Facebook or Twitter.
#gh so glad Ronnie is coming to an end. I hope I doesn't take long
email me at . I know a few. They work w kids but adults too I'm sure.
Yea the sun is finally out for the first time in a week ^^
Don't say things like that; it just makes you sound stupid. In fact, don't talk at all. It just makes you sound stupid.
who u talking about man ?
6'7 310 & 6'4 315 Still tea leaves to say the Colts aren't trying to get bigger? If we wanted zone guys, Hudson was there for us.
Nothing more comforting than an empty baggage carousel when you have no bag.
what?!? Where at?!
you are fat!!!
Hahaha, I so want to hear it.
Keep a positive attitude with everything you do, and you will soon discover how easy every day living really is.
Massive crew of all nighterers right now and a few others
Don't forget that today is Stamp Out Hunger! Help by joining the Letter Carriers’ 20th annual food drive—the largest one-day food drive...
Thank you for the mention!
Not everything has an answer… But every answer has a reason… It maybe hard to find the right reason… But sure as hell it ain't impossible…
ive been listening to #MISTLETOE all day its greatt
I think I might be falling for him... <U+2764>
"Turn it Down" Kaskade is the sh*t
Some of these tweets make me laugh so hard haha anyways follow me people
Historical place in Buffalo...where I live -__-
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Monkey Banana Jam 4.54 / 5 Stars | 12 Reviews by keydancer "This simple jam is sure to be a family favorite for
hi if you ever have guest curators for (miami)?
Omg they censored peso on I heart radio . I kinda like it clean version
We change, we grow up, we fuck up, we love, we hurt, we're teenager, we still learning.
Check out for today's #FF ... I have tried many of their ingenious little tricks and love them! keep it coming
RT : Only do shit you believe in, period.
Singing and drumming w/Clare and the Reasons tonight. Rockwood 2 @ 9:30
melanie ill fork your lawn and put balogona on your car :)
Minneapolis u do it right. Girls wearing yoga pants!!!!!!
shit cooling how you r.o.d
Wet but Happy Friday! RT: Happy Friday!
I should have looked at the name of this opi color before getting it. I am in love.
My favorite DJ's will be tonight CAN'T WAIT!
Thanks. Believe me there were times when I thought it would never happen.
The secret to having it all is believing you already do
YES! Rochester Woman Magazine is great!
thanks, sorry I asked.
Little kids are adorable until they are throwing temper tantrums behind you in line at Whole Foods.
hey at least you did it. If ppl want it so bad they can hak it them selves. Good Job either way.
I rank it after The Wire and Deadwood, tied with Sopranos, for best shows of all time. Homicide, Mad Men, Seinfeld, GoT also in the mix.
Florida's offense is miserable. Scoring coming from special teams.
#FF at in Kittery Maine, Saturday Night! #Letter Box
a used bike is probably best! You can email me if you want or check out she has a great post on this!
I'm noticing a # of new orgs/committees in the Anglo-C'bean abt lit. culture. But academics r glaringly absent or minimal. Let's discuss.
I agree. Love your version of Jolene! RT NEVER cover Dolly Parton. EVER. Unless you're
Thanks! I'll check in with our gardener, Cathy, and report back with what is currently in bloom.
I found Raiders. It's gonna be okay.
Thanks your videos saved me!!!
Still feeling last night.
#whosgonnalose - Houston at St. Louis - St. Louis will lose
Yup, that was me! Best day EVER!
You keep fuckin pushing it bitch.
it's Tessa, go to my page and RT what I just tweeted :) you'll understand when you see it <3
who me
A great deal has been said about pooling health insurance. What I hope to see is putting into practice a cooperative insurance plan. [1943]
RT : Woohoo! Oh, I mean, too bad. Get well soon. Like Monday. DeAngelo Williams questionable after missing practice
RT Spanish play "Las Quiero a las Dos" opens at the James L.Knight Center. With Luis Jose Santander & Scarlet Ortiz
welcome to my mornings. Snooze x10 every morning. Should be a championship competition somewhere. I'd do well
backlash this afternoon... don't forget to watch :-)
Congratulations to J-Mychal Reese on his commitment to Texas A&M!
foreal right lol how old are u?
I'm so excited for today's Roger Neal Style Beauty & Couture Suite! See you at L'Hermitage Hotel in Beverly Hills.
we just sent a link to the new album as well as our EPK via the contact form on your site. thanks guys, enjoy :)
I'm really tempted to stay there :)
We offer email support to our merchants from 9am-6pm Pacific, Monday-Friday. We just replied to your support email!
RIght now, I live in LA
slept through all my classes today cause I was up all night freaking out over #BoyzGoCupid. and i regret nothing
So excited for all of my friends' successes! I walk with ARTISTIC WARRIORS!!!
sure thing :)
AND I GOT 3 PIC WIT HER FOH PUMA CAT!!!!
Today's Lunch Feature: Spicy BBQ Pulled Pork Melt w/ smoked cheddar Soups: Roasted Butternut Squash
Remember we are giving away two tickets to a lucky follower on February 14th. 5 days before the big show
i learned the value of life through a incident with my friend....
Ugh I am so sick of my leg hurting... Seriously... just cut it off already haha!
#roddick learn how to control your emotions!
doing good and we missed u too girl we use to have fun time with you and I really dont know inshallah this summer hopefully
"#College life can be dangerous. It shouldn’t be, but it can be." ~ #Security on #Campus 2011
Retweet if u think ur awesome
Whoever's red car has been in our driveway all week needs to come get it
we hope it's extremely easy and as said, you can keep maps and data private to you or a group
An end in deed is an end in need!
« « of course you lost contact with him. that's what happens when you take 2 months to arrest a motherfucker for murder.»»
Happy birthday hope you have a great day!:) <3 tonight get crazy girly;)
bol not real enough punk ass lol just playing
RT : I wanna say a little something thats long over due, the disrespect to women has got to be thru
Our next event, hosted by , is 1/17, 5:30 p.m. Great night of networking! To RSVP, email
She's a freak and a lady.
Explore art and the Visual Arts Center on your bike! Join Mellow Johnny's Bike Shop for a biking tour of Austin's Museums on November 12th.
Greatness ! Packers , U, & , D. Drive , DWTS
Hi We don't at the moment, but stay tuned - they may open up. Thanks for your interest!
#Songwriters are the gas to the #recording artists' #car. Where would we be without good
Forgot how fun it is to hang out at the pool. Thx for the motivation #museumsport!
Gov. Walker talks about importance of state credits and tax policy to grow #WIDairy sector in state.
Name your favorite style of dance....Go!
omfggg yes please!;D
Hello neighbor! Thanks for following us! Thanks for stopping by the other day. Come back for a more personalized tour!
Back to school, back to school...to prove to dad that i'm not a fool.
Hope something from my past don't mess with my future... Ugghhh
awe thanks, is your wife feeling better?
Might do. A good friend is at the Historisches Kolleg this year.
#Nuts: #Sunflower seeds are a great source of energy and provide #potassium, #magnesium, #folic acid, #fatty-acids and
AH twitter, i miss you! but i miss and my koaladancebots the most! how are yall doing?
as if anyone cares about you RT : June babies, stand up.
The only time it's okay to take a shopping cart out of a parking lot is if you're unfortunately homeless.
According to , bit of a glove fiasco regarding patent leather on thumb Canelo and Mayweather's Grant gloves
how about a trade for Rondo?
ok dope, what'd you wanna do?
TEXT ME BACK.
you all know i'm just counting down the hours until the #shameless season finale
I want the "DAMN! You guys are still together?" kind of relationship.<U+E409>
Yes indeed! *preemptively buys stock in Jack Daniels*
Like Splinter in TMNT, a swoll rat
either that or tebow will lead a 4th quarter comeback
Is there an achievement gap in your community? What % of your kindergarteners start school ready to learn?
#yum is right!! It's good with strawberries too! RT : Salted caramel with dark chocolate crisps
did you follow me on tumblr yet?
r u being sarcastic? O.o
Question: why do I have to be 'friends' with everybody, everywhere- pinterest, 4square, fb, yelp, instagrmm
Nice, slide! Shouldn't Leeland get the Girardi treatment for questioning calls & get tossed?
BUT it is def necessary ;)
Im still going to do it but my approach is going to be different so the outcome can be something i can live with
That moment when you realize you are nothing to your everything.
Today choose to triumph.
Ed thanks 4 being there 4 #WI since the beginning. There's no other coverage of this election...you're a stand-up guy!
Is it my imagination or are the British royals shrinking and getting even whiter?
show your personality to connect with your audience on #twitter #USC #Writers conference
like a brother O_O
The early networker catches the worm, and gives him a precise ttl
There's plenty you can do to help manage or prevent type 2 diabetes in children.
what can you do theyre my parents
adam and christina got pretty heated in the finale of
Power is back! Well handled #mitenergyconf team RT : Sorry about the power outage problems. Working to resolve ASAP!
Sent an email just now. Hopefully someone will follow up. Thanks!
Capitalism is a failing concept with plenty of unwilling slaves ..
One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than a hundred teaching it. - Knute Rockne
Pretty sure YOU'RE not ready for Vegas ;) RT Hahhaa Vegas ain't ready for us!
#HappySweet16Austy <333 much love from me to you babe (:
when one finds a bag of gummy airplanes on one's desk first thing in the AM, does one eat them?
twitter and facebook not blocked at school anymore, lol
thank you for two amazing gifts so far!
yahoo! I'll take that as a doctor's orders type thing.
Save yourself, hey...Before self destruct
RT : If you won the #MegaMillions, which restaurant would you dine at to celebrate?
Bottom line: where possible, interpret Const to be consistent w/treaty obligations. But no power to displace Const or . . .
RT : Just donated: ONE BAJILLION brand new beautiful cookbooks!
Time to end the day How many dials did you do manually? I bet not as much as you would if you were using Contact us 866.460.6611
Great start to #NeXus tonight with Looking forward to bring the same level of success to #ConnectGens mentoring program.
At my grandaddy house
Feeling sick and I have prom tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Waking up at 5 study for 2 hours test then SLEEP
it was fucking good. I very much enjoyed it.
Thx to the boys in for the follow!!
you guys are doing a beer tasting? Date and time?
so I asked the dealer "does this car model also come in a Depeche Mode"
is a freaking stud to get up after that.
What the heck is "fried cheese"?!
you know what I have to say that.
I am tweeting this because I just looked at how many tweets I have sent and it was #666. #truestory. So what. Now it's 667.
we should do gasbalr thing tomorrow with mago!
Honey Granola with vanilla organic yogurt and a cup of Metropolis coffee.
The word of? Those are two words I teach 1st graders to spell & they are both pretty awful when comparing sound to spelling.
Looking for 1 bedroom apartments in or around Santa Monica, CA. If anyone has some great resources I could use them!!
headed your way!!! :D so excited!
SHOUT OUT TO SMWW, IM SIGNING UP
did turn you into one?
Nice job Giants! What did you think about the game and halftime show?
hahahaha well that works out bc i am too
It's definitely throw 'em in the deep end for me, but also be ready to steer toward resources as students identify the need.
#YouCuteAndAllBut only when your mouth is closed. Don't speak.
At the crib by default
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful mothers out there blessed with Gods little angels to raise protect & love! God Bless Mothers!
it was a long one as you can see by my lack of tweets
he is. He should ignore the haters
Absolutely! Love your stuff!
House selling is a lot like love at first sight. Sellers dont get a second chance for a great first impression.
GO ABP!!! Keep running!!! We are working it!!
In 2011, the addy judges came to Rochester. No tall midgets this year. The work was "shockingly good"
RT : Without a plan for the future, a person will always return to their past. -- AR Bernard
lol Im not any of these denominations but AG is usually legit.& 1 of my fav speakers is speaking. & its in Dallas
wait you gotta do it on the computer though
Bryce Harper came through, and I already know Hamilton is gonna pull through #biggesttearever !!
Man, there'd be big money if we could do a combo martini, coffee and cupcake delivery service. It'd be in demand at all hours.
Shower time(:
This! --> RT: I want a tattoo with a panda holding glocks
me too!
what a day! I did love all the Whitney music I've been hearing on the radio today. That's we should do, celebrate her music, her legacy...
And, I think I was the only one in the fray with any legitimate "elite" college experience ... which explains why I got slammed.
Waylon Thanks for following!
#GrandpaFred Any way they indicated the parents are supposed to learn...You're not tying any knots r u? What is Zakary doing?
After a busy day at work grab a cold 1
wat up y'all went home already
Looks like our plans are slowly fading away... wtf!
I'm good Empress, glad to have connected to you here love:) How are you Lady Ba'al??
God bless
Great one - I had "Still" on the iTunes shuffle earlier today. My beagle was howling along
s/o to my new follower she so sexy FWM
Yes! MT : Where I'm from, there were a lot of old folks who were not living in abject poverty thanks 2
Love to see Logan so happy! Race season here we come!!!
“: I was about to wish you a productive week, but I see that you're here.” WRONG, I'm not here.
Help us boost our fan base. Tell all your friends to follow us and they too will get updates on our free promo's
obviously it'd be so much better to debate whether tebow is in the top 100 or 200!
yo my broda I got u it might even be something better! How have you been?
I hear that! They CANNOT lose this game or else the season is in jeopardy!
My neighbor told me today that she liked my deck. I would have complemented her deck but she doesn't have one.
you're welcome :)
30% OFF EVERYTHING today only! FREE wine an cupcakes from 1-2pm today!
- I don't think so, I would have remembered that for sure =/ Sorry, you just lobbed that one over the plate... haha! ;-)
O now u wanna talk out the side a Yo neck like I wont kum over there n comb ya head fa ya
but she needs to stfu right lol
Just sent a small sample of my work to / I'll light my candle now!
Yeah, I wondered about the impact on free TV news sites. Surely paywall strategy took that into account?
he's not going to do SHIT !! i'll beat that ass
Happy #Australia Day
Omfg. I'm laying in bed just laughing while watching she's the man... At 3:30.
And you also passed GO! #Collect$200 #BeautyContestNext?
Gas price shock. Looking at my gas receipts. November 28, 2011 I paid $3.38/gal. Now it's $4.15/gal. Crazy.
Ohkay, so i'm really liking this new guy i'm talking to, & he speaks Spanish (: which is a total plus .
Surprised at the flags hanging outside the in NYC.
Hi Colette! Thanks for following. Would you like to meet for coffee? I would like to hear about MS, Without My Consent, dogs.
Some people take coffee breaks. I take Pinterest breaks.
Yeah also I don't think they're paying anymore!
love your athletic line, it was at a trunk show #ATL last week! So cute, slimming &comfy perfect for #CoreFusion!
Going to #ABCA Anaheim? Stop by PBI booth 405 & demo our website for baseball academies. Increase your bottom line by using PBI!
Not even strippers, just the first fine white girl I see.
If my room is clean, it means that my internet is not working.
I love it when you crazy just for me though ;)
"I really want to do the job that the OS already does for me!" == anyone who writes a web 1.0 app using async code
Varitek to #RedSoxNation: "The best fans in baseball. Thank you for making this the most special place to play."
Honored to be mentioned in this company! Tx, Jen!
thought he just complained bout celebrating, nigga better not be shaking hands till its over
Awesome. MT : undrafted FA story: '03 scout in room yelled "Any1 want to sign this kid Tony Romo? He's from Wisconsin." Crickets.
I have noticed has accumulated a lot of flair.
No subject is off limits to a joke, it's just a question of whether the joke is well-told or not. How about jokes about rapists?
Dear Mama, ur a pain in my butt,irritatin,annoyin,evil,crazy,weird, um....where was I goin wit dis?? Oh yea!!! But I will ALWAYS love ya!!!
In Music Meeting- Alice in Chains “Lessons Learned” this is what an Alice in Chains song is supposed to be – much better follow up
We appreciate the follow, Susan.
same to you ! Where u from?
Y'all called me and left me a voicemail sounding lost as hell. Lmao
I hate the idea of college football playoffs - 4 teams isn't bad, but it's only a matter of time before people try to expand it
It's the middle of September and I'm already starting to watch Christmas movies xD <3
FREE Desktop Wallpaper Calendar – May 2012 « Aspiring Images ...
your closing scene in tonight's episode, with playing, was perfect.
I got my Proverbs 31 lady and I thank God EVERYDAY for her!
somehow i was unfollowed from your twitter feed. problem remedied. seriously don't know what just happened!
8 game win streak. Spurs looking good right now!
I hope its on that hunk of shit your driving around....lol. Running out pf time!
even though I see you sometimes I just don't feel like saying hi
We haven't been here before, so we're excited to try it. Glad to hear you like it!
Did I get Twitter hacked or is this b.s.?
Tan: her project about interaction b/w traditional & new media activism and its transmedia dimension in Cantonese new media activism
omg guess what! Guess what! Guess what! Haha. I will tweet you guess what until you reply! (:
Happy 4th of July
APD looking for missing couple from Colorado. Not that we can actually do anything to find them, but saying that we are makes us look good.
That, my friend, is a taco in a shell made from nacho cheese Doritos.
Hello to Now, because of your polling on names, I want to call you Sarah Grace.
because our elected officials do not have the stomach for that!
we can talk send me your artist info. etc.
DC weekend begins! Can't wait to see my Lmode.
RT It has often been noted that the spider web implies that there are sequences of the fly's own code in the spider's code.
“: Hey have u err had a conversation with ur self on twitter?”-- I don't even know what that means?!?!
crocs are a better form of birth control than birth control
My new place is almost done can't wait.
last eight games.<--- 4 & 4 is that optimistic?
I hate Ham, Turkey is disgusting, stuffing is just soggy baked bread....all I ate was some macaroni and a piece of. Garlic bread.
Not a bad idea if u want the entire world to see ur client's images & ur own work product in the
Blogger Tina Bowling of was chosen by AVEENO as their ACTIVE NATURAL AMBASSADOR, a HUGE HONOR. Congrats times 1000!!!!!
Get your Mid Week Salsa fix at Lalo's UIC Tropical Wednesday. Salsa the way it was meant to be! Music by DJ Double O. www.onqnites.com
That's why you're "Da man"!!!! Skip take notes
It's Kevin Smith: Burn in Hell and it's on Netflix streaming. Totally recommend it. It makes me wanna hug him
How you make me laugh, how you make me smile, as I casually examine your ass, I like your style..... Check out my book 'A Cross to Bear'
Thanks for sharing. Beautiful but sad and all to common story.
drive home safely
How about the crowd-pleasing Ghostbusters? Heading into October...
Food Fact: Fortune cookies were invented in 1916 by George Jung, a Los Angeles noodle maker.
Indeed -->"Self-assurance reassures others." | Garry Willis
Booty Call in the hospital *insider*
'Stick it' is on and I wish i had the main girls body!
Everybody used to be careful about what they posted, now everybody is wreckless af. I hope it doesn't bite us in the ass.
ha you look different how are you ??
A successful relationship is just falling in love with the same person, over and over.
ok ;)! But u don't need an iPhone -- we have a web and android app as well! Let's chat
Walk-through complete. Countdown to moving begins. Lots to do!
My Mom would try to scare me And scare herself instead LOL
Tomorrow=1 word, NBA PLAYOFFS. Ok that's 2 works...really it's 4. 1 word and an acronym? I dk wth I be talking bout sometimes
Dates uninterested in going to another bar rule. Well, that took long enough to figure out. Sheesh. Milwaukee Summer.
It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver. -Mahatma Gandhi
Currently skeet shooting. I am currently very good at it.
I've once again proved that I am incapable of making a grilled cheese sandwich. Who has a good recipe?
heck yes, you down? ;)
lol you're cute.
couldn't agree more :)
hey. How often is the open mic mondays
Why do these young artist think it's so easy to blow up off of one single and no hard work?
Halloween is a month long event at my house...
Thx! bringing it to life a world created on a page (acting) is great fun, especially with 's brilliant writing
At a black history month concert waiting to hear my daughter's choir.
Happy mothers day to a couple awesome mommies
thanks I will!
": - this is TWITTER , not a place to put your relationship issues . . -_-"
No idea. Mystifying. Hopefully we get to read it sometime.
I haven't felt like this since Kurt Cobain died.
Lol we are doing it for a sh*t load of money, wow wow wow!!!!
You know, I've been meaning to. Maybe this year is the year.
Bum day
Needles and Pins by Deftones
Going BBQin' with the love <3 and the family(:
Bummer last show is today on Great memories man!
mending costumes and patching a sleeping bag for our car-mageddon camping trip next weekend...
In honor of the warm weather: #spring cleaning
All my NJ Nets memories revolve around and 's LOL
RT : Thanks for checking out our blog - you found an oldie, but goodie. It is an excellent blog, great...
Good am. RT
Demi Lovato and Justin Bieber working together? YES! MY TWO FAVORITE PEOPLE!
Stepping in now to the Colorado Springs Chamber (and EDC!) lunch. Topic: "Chaos, Catfights & Confusion in DC."
>> Thanks for visiting #BkSq today. Looking forward to partnering with you!
Reasons I learned to direct: A short I wrote (shot by someone else) had sound effects added after lines, seriously.
You killed my father. Prepare to die.
I'm completely lost...
Well, ok. I do love me some Scruffles.
Can you guys please put "I'm Not A Gangsta" by on rotation!? That song is the bomb.com!
I knew friday would eventually come. I feel like we need to adjust our calendar to cycle about friday. moon phases? pffffffft. friday ftw.
How To Download Videos From YouTube, DailyMotion, Vimeo And More | TheTechJournal...
I hate how long it takes for my phone to charge....
What's up, man -- We're a long way from -- my first #sxsw ever -- how about you?
remember playing warped tour in milwaukee like 3 or 4 years ago when you were first starting to do shows?! :] i was there!
Any #mahomies,#acons,Psanderetts going to go c , , and on Saturday night I am :)
Summer Storms >>>
i do! add me up. alan.reitman
Can't believe Blink not only isn't plain Bamboozle, but isn't even rescheduling the Boston date as of now.
i saw both SAMIAM and ARCHERS OF LOAF this weekend. partying like it's 1999, y'all.
Id Aint Bout Where You 4rm But Where You Headed Doe..
Walt Bodine isn't exactly a sports fan but he puts on his game face for an interview with author/reporter Blair Kirkhoff. On live.
Opportunities can be manufactured. You don't have to wait for circumstances to come together.
Keep dreaming Marie ..<U+2665>
I still gotta say what did I do.... Smh!!!!
So incredibly thankful.
I cant sleep!!! Grrrr >:(
haha , you saw me?
Home early. THANK YOU EARLY IB EXAM DAYS! :D
They say it’s the little things in life that matter most, but you’re a big part of me, and you matter the most
Eatin A Fun Dip
thats whas up...but i got a new twitter so follow me :)
not as sad as when all of the independent video stores closed because of Blockbuster...
both.. neither support ICS yet. My phone has ICS.
nothing really just a Tuesday. Wbu?
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7> Listening to Porcelain Raft - Strange Weekend
Sorry I don't share that twitter is fine.
I've been overwhelmed by the response to our Christmas Big Band/Praise Band, Christmas Brass and Christmas Orchestra music. THANK YOU!
Hate it when the cleaning lady gets cheeky like that
Reading Jung's Map of the Soul: An Introduction. A very user-friendly introduction to Carl Jung's view of our inner landscape. Mind blowing!
sleeping with no blanket tonight.. YAY! no.
Congrats on the new Taylor Street digs! Let me know when you open and I'm THERE! Dan from in
Lol @ people who think i rub things in their face everyday, when i donntttt. You said u knew it was a joke, so dont take it offensively.(:
I know the whole album is great. If you ever have a chance to see her live defiantly do it.
Peep us in today's LA Times under Charles McNulty's Best Theatre of 2011
I know!! I'm determined to break it on Saturday! I'm glad you had fun! I can't wait to hear all about it :)
No shit. I drove to Austin in 2007 and pulled off the road at 3am into an entire town made up of nothing but abandoned shacks.
hop back on
Stock market: we're currently bullish on ARMH, DVN, SINA, and GOOG
I don't have a notification from you...at al...LOL.
All I want is bubble tea! If anyone knows where I can get that let me know!!
If I'm there, sure!
So thankful for my tru friends that have stood by me thru all of this... i am blessed to have you
One of my former players texted me after his first two college practices... Means alot
RT : Filling the new #iPad, #Kindle, #Nook or eReader with all 5 issues of Grit City makes a great #Christmas gift!...
Anyone wanna come with me to the mall /: just for alittle bit/:
#brewers scheduled to start Marco Erstrada tomorrow instead of Wily Peralta. Is every organization this stupid or is it just the brewers?!
happy to know I'm not the only newbie ;-)
urghh i knw those kinda of bitches. Seriously have nothing to do probably thats why she brings ppl down.
we never gossip I don't know what you're talking about:)
They were fighting 2nite on the ice, stars pull it off in a shootout
FU New Mexico Spring winds.
Great day on set for Universal now traveling to South Carolina BOOKED!!!
Elway: We don't feel as bad about our DT's as everyone else.
#fatindiebands Every Time I Diet
Okay ... so i accidentally retweeted because Trisha's post made me laugh as I reading it. Was exactly what I was thinking ...
i've heard good things about it. owen wilson plays the laid-back cali slacker to woody allen's neurotic ny jew.
working at buzzs.
i don't think so...thanks you to
Well, we don't have it in yet, but I'll find out from our supplier and get back to you ASAP.
from your postgame notes, I'm a little confused why the rays win meant a 3rd seed for the rangers?
-> love this gal
Consider for
what are the chances of filming an episode of #Mobbed in #Tampa, Florida?
does subway taste the same in Texas?
I'm still proud to be a giants fan! Bad game but use it as motivation for the next 2 weeks!
Spangenberg goes deep!
RIP Donna Summer :(
Leadership is taking accountability before problems occur, not just blame afterwards.
so tru most underrated rapper ever.
ugh!!!!! Love zoofari!
....THINK and SPEAK POSITIVELY ABOUT YOURSELF! ;-)
May your sails always be full and may you find success in all the things that are important to you. Happy Happy Birthday!!!
follow me on twitter, miss a.
Just saw a hawk fly off carrying a rat near the DC Council bldg. I feel t
jus had da longest three days ever
What's that new Justin Bieber song called?
Home, sweet home.
maybe you could show it in the members club simetime, I'm sure a lot if people would come to it
the "yoke of bondage" in Galatians 5:1 is NOT sin. it is the LAW (context from 4:21-4:31) The ppl weren't relying on the Grace of God (2:21)
Oh my god, r u serious 3 run hr ?
Don't leave me high. Don't leave me dry.
I doubt that the imagination can be suppressed
Museums + Social Media + Audience x Interactions + Engagement = Museum Community
everywhere that I go/ ain't the same as befo/ people I used to know/ just don't know me no mo
Driving to schoolio ^.^
Sitting in the office talking to Mrs. Salow and Mrs. White because I don't want to go to the awards.
I love Cupcake Wars!!!!
i can't now... lol
*fingers crossed*
he did!!
do you have a link to the photo or vid?
Following Chazz. Thanks Dom, have a Happy Easter. I've started it off boiling crawfish all day.
in which field?
Fitness revolution coming to Downtown, and EA! We welcome Paul to the building- running groups, fitness, and health! yes!
ya well the wings didnt even make the playoffs so pretty sure pens are better
I think you may be too far behind to catch up but who knows
We welcome our new followers on this fabulous sunny Tuesday afternoon - , &
that's the point if u know what I mean ;)
get ready for these last two games, it's time to make history big man
i know man! I'm happy for you!
13 Days till Spring Ball!
2 months again... We gotta make it past 3 thats the longest we went out b4 (we should try forever)
Did you make that?! You are AWESOMELY INSANE!
Yes that but also watching a team in the playoffs
Buying a pumpkin + Helping fight cancer =
no Robbie. Just no
oh it is
Next time you're at Paul Michael's The Network be sure to check in on Foursquare. We've got a special running all month!
#teamfollowback I need one more follower- Love,
uh yeah i think its possible...
I need to be on all 500 shows fam!!!
I like what you do! <3
I wish my friends weren't such scaredy cats and liked scary movies!! It's Friday the 13th, I wanna see the cabin!!!!!!!!!
we are about 50 miles from columbus. Garmin says we'll be home at about 1am.
"Ideas are easy. It's the execution of ideas that really separates the sheep from the goats." Sue Grafton, born on this day in 1940.
I'm pretty sure %50 of your tweets are about Tebow.
Running on two coffees, two mountain dews, a few value bean burritos and adrenaline.
Secret Society
I like making friends all over the world.
That moment when you're about to start a half marathon and realize you REALLY have to pee.
fave documentary ever ... "bill cunningham new york" ... a MUST SEE!
you've made your pint quite clear. I agree.
For you, I'll prepare. And "toddler"… just wait until you see her.
Hey Matt! I hope you're doing well since I haven't seen you on a while. Have a great summer!
Everybody go add my nigga $tken_lil chub
congrats! Got an idea or two - let's talk
I understand your partial to the Bruins but the way you defended Ference on the hit was despicable.
smh and I was just about to call you.
okay bye going to the hospital
hey Tom! Glad you could join me!
Wow that's two hours I can never get back
ill see you tonight (:
#Free drink on me when u retweet this! Thursday night! at Nickleby's Lounge (1947 W. Market)
Glad it made it & cannot wait! :-)
A6: There is no sure fire way...varies by how companies use it, your job strategy, etc.
Of course, it could also be gas. :P
where are you headed?
lol but in a year y'all will be gone. :/
totally get it. We live in fab rowhome in MH. Always loved that building tho. Hard 2 give up what we got. Thx 4 showing ur hm. ;)
Everyone needs to follow ! She is #TeamFollowBack #having fun
oh and Eric spoelstra? Hope he gets eaten by a rabid dog. His mahalu looking ass. Needs to go back to the damn A/V room
G'mornin tweet peeps have a beautiful and safe weekend!
Can u feel it??
DONE! Can't believe my undergraduate career is over!!
#Iwish I could attend the last softball home game tonight ... /:
Cave in
good point, "You may reach 400 ppl by social media, but do you 'really' reach them?"
Going through old boxes... I wish there were some other resting place besides the incinerator for all these undeveloped rolls of 120 film.
Surely MTV’s new series, “Jersey Shore,” must have some redeeming value, mustn’t it? Yes, it must.
RT : Happy Birthday ! have a good one (TY 3-2 -- its been a minute...have a good weekend! Work hard...)
Dinosaur Train is the best retconning ever written and performed. What kind of shit does paleontologist catch from peers?
#30WaysToMakeAGirlSmile - Compliments are a MUST!!!
“ Difficulties exist to be surmounted. ” — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Is it just me, or does Jonny Depp always look like Captain Jack Sparrow?
the tracking will be to wherever you are shipping, regardless of billing address
#IGetJealousOf all the Korean, Chinese, and Japanese Monsters who seen the Born This Way Ball
Uh oh. We'll drop another one in the mail today. Soggy posters are the worst.
FOLLOW ME BACK
a gentlemen, you are of many talents!
he also wears shirts with no sleeves and drinks beer from a cooler while sitting in a lawn chair in the driveway.
Thinking about canceling my subscription because of the broken spacebar
Just woke up...... & DON'T WANT TO GO TO SCHOOL ! #GleeTonight <3 <3 <3
Time is winding down for Strike Out Hunger Bowl-A-Thon. Call and get your team or yourself registered to have some fun!!
Clean up my house
When the student is ready, the teacher will appear.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 77
Mann im going too sleep, Fuck Yall !!
I wish you would rt me some time(;
It's #MonsterMonday. Get your #SWOL on!
Apologies in order to Blas Perez goal was gray area enough that FIFA's intervention was sought. Goal should've been annulled.
Be always at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let each new year find you a better man.
I love twitter because of people like you. I knew they caught on fire...but this article is eye opening.
The Wanted are on American Idol right now singing "I'm Glad you came!!" LOVE This song!!
Flames*, not waves*. Not sure how I screwed that one up.
Every time I touch more than 5 bus/metro handle bars I wish there were pools of Purell I could jump into.
Playing tonight at the Tower Bar (sunset towers), in duo, 7:30-11:30.
Will come to and see how I deal with the end of the world.
Sending off a custom order- earrings made to match a smashing vintage dress.
Life is too short to worry about haters. They don't deserve to be an issue in your life. Think about the people who love and support you.
Flavor, or maybe Fragrance, Favor, Flower and Friend
Holly is furiously typing away next to me. They sound like they'll be good notes.
Just witnessed my first inner-office fight. It was awesome.
Just call him "Clutch" Durant baby. OKC!!!!!
The Philadelphia Fight For Air Climb is over until next year, but Fundraising is still ongoing until June 30th. So far, $142,704.36 raised.
haha OMG THEY DID ONE DIRECTION
You all know the ones that should be paying more TAXES. Buffett rule or not the wealthy should pay more
ON THIS DAY..1901: T. Roosevelt, then Vice President, said "Speak softly and carry a big stick" in speech at the
don't talk to me like that. You aren't on the
InDesign is trying to defeat me. I'm too stubborn to fail. TAKE THAT MASTER. WHO CONTROLS THE PAGES NOW?!
Success! Two Springsteen tix!
Oh G's
get a brain in anyone in that organization of yours. KYLE ORTON BLOWS
Anne Spencer Morrow Lindbergh~ One cannot collect all the beautiful shells on the beach.
Word on the street: TONIGHT only from 9-10PM Rodney Mart is selling UDCreamery pints buy one get one 1/2 off!
Amazing Night KDA Dancers! You all shined like the stars you are... Love you so much!!!
It's crazy when U got a music video & thousands of people telling you they love u're album but records sells don't reflect it! End Piracy
your "new" pizza tastes way too much like - I don't like it! Major #Fail to have better specials in store than online!
I'm bout slap tf out of marquitta dumb ass
whoop! thx for checking us out guys!
This morning..
Just saw the female Joe Paterno
Love Twitter for dunk tweets: the absolute venue for breaking live sport reaction
Stop by the counter tomorrow and during Blue Friday for an awesome chance to show your support to our hometown Colts! Believe In Blue!!!
Jubal Early from the Firefly series finale was like Boba Fett meets David Bowman, dialogue by Quentin Tarantino.
damn. Protest is awesome!
BREAKING: Claude Giroux given a 1-game suspension by the NHL for a hit on Dainius Zubrus during 2nd period of last night’s game.
Aw, thanks! RT : The asparagus quiche was awesome. Delish flaky crust!
Awww.....thank you so much!
this time I went for the "Thomas Johnson" (catfish and waffles). Absolutely delicious!
that's me:)))))) hahahahahahahahahaha ah man I miss grandma I shall visit her very soon
Good luck at #RelayForLife tomorrow and thank you for your support!
Special s/o to all the mothers who made beautiful girls <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
thanks for the retweet Sarah ~ nice to meet you.
Oh no! :( " I forgot to remind u guys on thanksgiving that it was my bday! Now what"
Pleased we've had two dozen public submissions to + several inquiries to partner with courses next year.
Happy coincidence indeed! We <3 us some ! /cc
Thanks, you too!
*smiles* but he's always been a good guy, as long as I've known him. I know he was diff before but he's eonderful
Did my first live interview with about holiday travel. It's good to see the Home Team!
Get your Tebow Tees for college and pro football season! www.tebowtees.com
Enjoying Rebecca Stead's "when you reach me"
Outside court. Verdict reached for William Balfour accused of killing Jennifer Hudson's family.
Thanks Peter for following me!
Dont get sassy now!
we're set for next wed! I'll follow up shortly :)
because the IRS doesn't have our application yet.. soon... it will all be ok... soon...
It had been really jampacked on McD!!
YOU'RE PLAYING MISSOURI STATE?!?!
Saw the CJ Wilson racing truck in front of Itz in Euless, nice! How many toys does it hold?
Husband leaves for VA in about 20 minutes. Class all day after that.
akin to jawbreaker, greenday, Samiam, and J Church. You bay area punk back in 1993.
Hiya Todd
I shouldn't watch these things! Now I'm just fuming. Pure insanity!!
Walk 2 work hazard: all them UWS yummy mummy sharp biceps on crowded sidewalks - hear Ralphie's mom intone "You'll shoot your eye out, kid!"
Want to observe the 2nd anniversary of Ike? Buy HIWI:Ike at Bliss on 19th in the Heights for $14.99 and hunker down!
When did Greece Ridge Mall turn into Irondequoit Mall?
Dirk Hayhurst....not Dick....
What are the odds that I will actually wake up when my alarm goes off to do a morning walk on the treadmill?
also hated it. Boomer solipsistic wankery. Offensive on so many levels.
We're feeling inspired today! Send us your inspirational pet stories and we'll RT the best ones to our followers!
Just finished up my live performance and interview for the taping of a tv show performing my new single "You Saved Me". God is good!
Have ur players hit a conditioning pleateau?With the game-season here, make sure to monitor diet-Mandatory breakfast, lots of oatmeal & eggs
haha. I would watch Ghandi's Kitchen on the Food Network. "Great Advice: For Your Appetite, and Your Soul." hahaha
My brother needs to hurry up i wanna go home -.-
Thank you for the follow, and right back at you!
I can bring you some hot soup :(
#IFA just opened and the crowds streaming in. #Dell booth buzzing. Come see us at hall 13
well how can we get to know each other if u keep pushing away we dont have to txt but the least u can do is reply,chat, watever
someone should turn this AC down! My feet are FREEZING!!!
So far I'm loving #iTunes Match. Now I just need more #iOS devices to really take advantage of it. Maybe I should get an #iPad soon..
Thank you! I am glad you are enjoying the story of these heroes of civilization.
Wow, I'm honored to be a goal!!
forever listening to
I want in on this!
Always improving like Lowes!
the thing u don't see ppl tweeting pics of their view from their houses by at hotels they do I personally feel like it more
care to explain your last tweet?
Sitting at a coffee shop waiting for a potential new client. They are late about over 10 minutes now. How much longer do I wait here?
I'm just going to sleep this grumpy mood off.
It's all about his AA base...
Who woulda thunk that Collmenter and Saunders would out-pitch Marcum and Wolf? Not good. Huge advantage, lost.
Last day to join North Carolina Real Estate Lawyers before it becomes an "Open Group". You should click here:
I saw the Avengers Yesterday and its along with the Wolfman, Bionicle 1,2, and 3 as one of my favorite movies.
We're glad you joined us! Come back for some more events this week!
You might be from #Atl if you walk around with coupons from your #cfa calendar because there's a Chick-Fil-A on every exit on I-75.
This Sunday the International Chamber Artists will be here performing in our lobby. We hope to see you there!
go panthers !
Nice! Happy Monday
thats what i said.
in my crib yes
The North Korea / China relationship reminds me of a tale of two neighbors.
In theory I have that. In reality I can't get past the cranky. I know it's me and not them. I think that makes it worse.
I really love Tim Hortons Cappuccino! :D
Great, I got to class early. -_- I should be sleeping these extra minutes. -_- lol
The lakers getting man-handled by pne of the youngest team in the #NBA,
Hey, this is a great example of using a hashtag
Fleet Foxes + Pandora
Hey Its St. Patrick's Day. There's Some Irish In My Blood. (;
You are the most BEAUTIFUL thing I keep inside my HEART. :) el burado :(
Seen were Anaheim turned Pujols into Boojols last night. Good luck with that 250 million dollar contract!
lol Austin what's up with ur hair? <3
#Brewers on any of the major networks today? Caught them on wgn last night - yay!
Maken love with someone you really care about an love is the best feeling in the world<3
Follow Regal on Twitter at
Blow that money like a candle....
If you people heard the things Flyers fans were saying after the Pens lost (I live near Philly) I say say whatever you want, they deserve it
aww thanks boo.. Its 30 inches
Looking for connections on Twitter... Recommendations?
yay we now have 3 people on our fit team including me who else is signing up!!
sofas $ 595- HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Ooh... I have to witness that live sometime.
Boy am I glad to hear that! I saw on some forum that the series had been dropped. I was just like,"NO,"
hey! Do u no wen the next concert is?
Soo tired, can't sleep
I'm gonna give it like its never been taken!
girl I know how you feel! Had one of those days yesterday!
T4: I've spoken to smaller #HealthIT directors who say there are nurses who are part of the IT team, act as a liaison.
Look for ' paper on Internet bandwidth caps - at #chi2012 this year: "You're Capped!"
I'd always cheat at Monopoly
Glad you like our Diane Keaton story!
horrible and completely biased. You peopple call yourselves fair and balanced? I wish they wuld change the "talent". Douches
I'm interested in learning about the causes and treatement of Meniere's disease.
Turns out I hate comedians.
Longest 4 seconds ever
4 minutes left twitters follow me and Ill follow you.
I know a couple ushers, concession workers and bar owners we could ask
I wish Rick Ross didn't have Ross as his last name. Lenon Ross sounds clean.. I'm kinda leavin towards adding a last name.. We'll see
I want you to take beautiful pictures of me all the time
M. Mocha cookie crumble frappuccino is delicious.
“: If Your In Memphis And You Went In My Dressing Room And Stole My Phone, Could You Give It Back Please?” Only in Memphis <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Dag... Jon Gruden went harder at RG 3 on stage then he did in his coaching session lol
i wont pay you
"Cash in on the Sun. Generate your own #Solar power!"
Angry? Fool around and get your ass whooped hahaha :) :) :)
Yes but there are spots to plant your butt on the 3rd floor.
We acknowledge a wonderful night
Oh, I hope they are in good condition! RT : Tom Petty's stolen guitars found; man arrested -
i wonder how long its gonna be before im actually an astronaut or a race car driver
im gonna like you that way !!! you WHIP it WHIP IT !!
Online math @ Penn State - potential solutions: FLY Pen, Msft Word Equation Editor, Wacom Bamboo tblt, tablet PC, Elluminate live
What would you like to see improved in your business turnaround management?
We're not so much into the Bakugan thing. All of them start to blend together in my mind, though.
I can't believe the Image Awards even nominated Chris Brown for anything. Talent does not forgive abuse.
hahah well she's a loser. It's fun I like it better than Facebook now. Bc Facebook gets a lil boring nowadays...
Submitting to publication as a requirement for my creative writing class.
Q3: knowing the needs for the different ages/genders
Happy anniversary to 's "Vision of Love" :) 22 years!!!
whoop! You rock. I gave up yesterday and took nap.
Headed to work again :)
I also think that Christina taking shots at the other contestants is unfortunately going to effect Chris' chances.
suiting up the party pants as we speak-
Nice story last night bro. Just watched it online.
I'm interested in doing a feature that entails details of choosing hair/makeup for the bride, trial run, and day of, etc.
Lunch fun—
Again, is not Darius Morgan. He's like....the stoner fictional son of
sorry I was getting ready/eating breakfast/driving to school. Now I'm eating fruit salad. :P
TED started off big - Masters Class on Visualizing Business Strategy with Tom Wujec
I know! Right! Lol.
What? RT Staring at a blue surface during sex greatly increases the intensity of orgasms.
Saw The Artist is Present at the MOMA. Life Changing. If you have the opportunity to see her by all means do it.
Ion even wanda fuck these hoes no mo all I wanda is the top
Interested in our Summer Housing program? Follow for updates and information!
haha, nice to see businesses using social media in a creative way here in Gainesville.
Tomorrow I will to have a hard test, of a boring teacher! :]
The Rays have been my backup team since about a year before they started playing.
so awesome to turn on the tv in NYC and see a family member lighting up the garden!!!
Thanks for following us!
"FAT FREE" means eat the whole bag.
this does not make me smile ladies!!
happy mother's day :)
“: u done disappeared! Where U been?! #Chicago #Beauty” I'm back tho
NYT subhed to story on the women running Brazil's energy sector: "All you oil sheiks and J.R. Ewings, meet the new boss."
Signature is rocking the house already !!!
lol yeah I don't want the old people to win...
Ohh max i have wan to try out for volleyball so can you help me practice during the summer? :)
Dustin Hoffman ! The best actor of all time - presenting an award.
do you enjoy condoms? Or always have one on you? We're not talking about whores& one night stands.
That is the sweetest sentiment! Thank you, xo
It is seriously amazing to live somewhere quiet enough that when birds fly by, you can hear every flap of their wings.
.75 miles is a long way to walk when it is -5 degrees out.
OMG i yelled at the T.V!!
We're running a great special right now- 50% off first THREE months for 10x20 drive-up units!
I can navigate Santa Fe pretty good now, but you can't think about it with cardinal directions.
my friend turned into a mahomie
Happy Black Friday. Meeting with clients today about Australia/New Zealand and Costa Rica.
just walk around. seriously. it is a fascinating place to just people watch.
You are absolutely right. And i plan to. Stay tuned.
hi Katie how r u today !
#Swag for days...
Thank you Lisa!!!!! #Appreciation for the #SobrietyDaily! Sharing #Hope!
Well I am enjoying this immensely. You can both be funny.
poop!! Nope:( haha maybe next time!!
Thanks so much. Big fans of too. Hoping to get back to LA soon so she and now you can come see us live!
Another homerun for Kelly. C.J. Wilson has been horrible...or the #Rays have just been that good.
Can't wait for Italy, madness! Love you girlie, Paarty time :)
You're on it :) I'll send you the product announcements from this am now
Glad u like the Fugazza. So yummy RY: Just had the best gourmet Philly cheesesteak eva. Thanks,
Almost went back to back, get him over get him in.
Lol :P you go for venezuela ?!? :)
Call me a geek but #avengers HELLO YES! Love me some Whedon.
whoa that was kinda scary google...
It is one of my daily faves. And They are both awesome!!!
WH - IWillAlwaysLoveYou, purple rollerrink dinos, & me squat-skating hoping not to face-plant will always remind me of you
RT : My college fantasy football draft starts in one hour. I get way too into this.
personal finance blog
that's whats my dude...
I wonder...maybe jus maybe I found what I've been looking for...maybe I'm jus jumping the gun a bit here idk
:) you're welcome
RT : Can not wait until Friday night! Reunion
- Happy New Year to you as well!!
wait, today is National Tater Tot Day and no one told me? I am disappointed in you, internet.
I am so happy I can't wait until the next album! I love you!<3<3<3
The #Komen Foundation didn’t cave to the right wing - It is the right wing. Their NEW VP: Karen Handel - anti-choice & former GOP candidate.
BCSO: Stuntman injured on set during shooting of the movie The Lone Ranger. Severity of injury unknown at this time.
SUN SUN SUN.
Hey Ivan good luck tonight against Baltimore you're one of the best pitchers on the
I love how God connects us to just the right people at just the right time. Thankful for :)
Just watched Secret of the Urn on Netflix Instant, a fun samurai film from 1966 with a lot of interesting ideas and amazing compositions.
oh yah!? where did you hear them?
but it's fortified joe lol
Tyra, your old friend the man, call me - lets put you on the national coverage and place harpo as a forgoteen...
###Pay for crying out loud! He is the classiest and best RB we have had since Payton..!
Chick, it's been over a year since you've been gone. Still thinking about you and how you loved to play the banjo
Just had an intense God-moment through the most hilarious gay man I've ever met with the most intense Jesus-eyes I've seen in a long time.
...don't recognize it when it spits on their shoes.This is your big chance. Remember when you busted the guts out of the ball the other day?
I hate getting ready, and then someone call me and tell me they can't make it and we're not going... #annoyed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Mind the Gap
too funny!
Anyone in the DC area know of Bikram Yoga that is 60 minutes??
Gotcha, see you there!
Again, agreed. It was so much more than a Disney episode.
God morning. If its not raining, I'll come show some luv tonight.
They just showed the "Leave Britney Alone" video on Leno. I remember when parodied that.
RT DUI checkpoints planned for tonight ... Please don't drink and drive.
#WFUD12 Jaszi: "Fair use is too important to be left to the lawyers."
nightmares get ruthless... they want in...
Neal is way more optimistic about Tannehill than I am. Hopefully it rubs off
Consistency is the trick....it's a hard practice to keep up on a long-term basis, at least thats my opinion.
Love is the self-delusion we manufacture to justify the trouble we take to have sex
And wtf is wrong wit Chris Brown?? Sellin puppies, nose piercing, losin weight in his face <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I feel bad for mrs.campbell class....it was butt then, i know it's hell now lol
Mortgage Fraud Up 31% in First Quarter 2011
I am OBLIGATED to change the format of the assessment if I think it provides false report of the student learning.
Want to go to canada to go see my uncle lusbin! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Coffee is acidifying. If you're a regular drinker, be sure to balance it out by drinking high pH alkaline water!
my phone died :( whomp whomp.. i didnt even know the battery was low
Talk to me about Crazy Town Banana Pants.
Tired of shoveling? Let Bliffert help. We have a nice variety of snow blowers to save your back.
Bernadette! Planning a wedding? We have the Ultimate Wedding Package: cake, flowers, invites & more! tinyurl.com/4x8ghw8
What to do what to do should i read a book watch tv or go outside where it is going to rain today idk idk i think i will watch tv and read
Advisory Neighborhood Commissions now have the opportunity to participate in the Enhanced Residential Parking Program (ERPP).
I am in love with GCB!! Best show ever
Don Ecker start's his internet radio career at CyberStationUSA.com in 30 minutes
PR is an important function to lay the groundwork in helping athletes tackle their newfound celebrity & social responsibility.
I'm so tired of your shit.
God boy!
Hahhaha well that is some good advice(;
I'll agree with you on that one.
Listening to and loving the magical way it makes me feel. "I really want to go outside"
Thanks, Lorna, it was :) Hope you had a lovely time with your daughter. Look forward to hearing how things shake out w Bublish.
I remember one of my high school teachers stopped dying her hair when she was pregnant. Now that you know, will you cut out some toxins...?
s/o to your jaws w/o them my balls wouldn't have a place to go..s/o to your entire mouth for keeping my name in it
that's one of my favorites too; I always try to add to my classes when I can!
Thank you, Emilio Estevez. #TheWay was a beautiful movie.
At teh airport at mah gate :3 woo! I can't waits to be home!<3yaay! get a hold of me. P[eace]L[ove]U[nity]R[espect]<3
get ready to cry, scream and laugh because tonight is the #TVD and you never know what will happen :)
Thanks for your suggestions
When Michael, Larry and Magic needed a BIG basket, they went into the post.
i just want to be happy. God please. I'm tired of having to be strong alone.
I feel validated tonight after claiming that Barnes was overrated all season long.
oh that sucks.
that sounds all good, but very few people can express the feeling of happiness without being happy in the first place.
Don’t waste a minute not being happy. If one window closes, run to the next window — or break down a door...
best sports announcer in the game today?
": I hope to have my own place before the summer time" Come live in colonial with me. Rents fairly cheap :)
Thanks for the Rt! What's your area of expertise?
proves: we will never tire of boy bands. In my 30's and doing my 80's robot to What Makes You Beautiful. Haters Gon' Hate!
We'd be most pleased to play there tomorrow night! RT would be most pleased to hear in Ontario tomorrow night.
Happy 4th! Have a fun day and try not to lose any fingers setting off fireworks! ;)
I've watched the live broadcast of the Wells Fargo Championship and the replay...
Yep. Back in December. Enjoying my 9 month "Summer" before I die during law school in the fall
I wish was a senior
No sign of westboro baptist in Chardon. They love this publicity.
#SchoolMemories That awkward moment when we were playing "Name that song" & the teacher plays Fergie - BGDC & I was the only one who knew it
Thank you! It's beautiful and I've been seeing it all over PDX lately.
Saw a house party blaring Train's Drops of Jupiter and everyone on the porch singing along. Is that the sign of a second #recession?
WHY ARE YOU SO AWKWARD?!
Male singer: "sorry. I can't hang tonight because I have to dress up like a cowboy with my choir and sing at the big fun event."
thank you! you too!
OMG! I'm dying. Steven Tyler: I'm as confused as a baby in a topless bar!
lol you know.
Honoured in the "Hall of Flame" :)
“: All this shit I'm talkin the Pacers better finish with a dub”RT
You're the only one! LOL
With the multitude of #mobile technologies I have at my fingertips, why do I spend the majority of my day sitting at my desk?
To give anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift. Steve Prefontaine
What a deformed thief this fashion is.
Watching my 4yo daughter navigate apple tv is fascinating. Without reading she can gets to a specific episode of Ruby Gloom in seconds.
Best wishes to all guards performing at Dallas, Ft Lauderdale, Salem, and Union City! have great performances! Peace!
i wish! And ok ill call at 4
Flooding problems? Cehck out my sandless sandbags!. Always be prepared for flooding. No sand required, no building another sandbag!
well thanks for the invite :( I'll be there!
hears all voices intertwined, singing one song.
Bunny Breakfast and Spring Fashion Revue Sat March 20. Old Navy fashions, breakfast with the Nestle Bunny. Fun & Games! $6 Call 642-1234
Congrats class of 2011!! you did it boys <3
my friend merlin wants to go to that school but only for the girls
The moderators were atrocious, it was like watching an infomercial for living forever. Lame
call you smelly cat ;))))
Viewers will get a chance to see Jonathan Frid in a cameo in Tim Burton's Dark Shadows; Burton said he "blessed the set."
Usually I would be super excited about a Friday but today is a gloomy day for me
I gave Joey a much overdo bath today and he is now about four shades brighter. :)
Only ONE month and FOUR days til the 12th annual Prom Fair! yay!
hey you how you been?
oh never!
Imagine the Knicks used the amnesty clause on Amare instead of Billups.... Would Linsanity have ever happend?
i got home and passed the fuck out :/ i was hungover....so i got daytime drunk
Whew - doggie -it's hot and humid out today. Beware of a big hair day!
What the bloody hell?!?!? My Father can play the guitar?? :O
MAY'S WILD WORKOUTS & WELLNESS PRODUCT OF THE MONTH SPECIAL! Pick up a 16 fl oz bottle of Liquid Chlorophyll - $1.00 off all month long!
Straight yam'n yall!!!
that is true...Holtby did a great job this post season.
A lot of powerful activism and action happening over at Go support.
My shift workers don't give two dog turds they come in 20 mins late everyday smh
So when do I get my fabulous prizes? :-)
Grandmother making her salsa again? Lol jk
That idiot holding a sign behind home plate says let's go Phillies in Greek. What a malaka.
Another day over, time to go home and relax.
yep. Now look out your window. #haHaMadeYouLook No seriously, look.
WE CELEBRATING BIRTHDAYS 2NYT @ RELIC, MAKE SURE TO COME EARLY PEOPLE...THANKS FOR THE SUPPORT PEOPLE!!
So tired but cant fall asleep-____o
Sittin in the studio workin on the first release of Thorne Avery's solo album
We will work to your schedule. Auto Glass Experts, "A clear choice for all your auto glass needs" 414-409-7263
Man. I been moving around since 9:00 am, nonstop. Just not sittin' down like 20 minutes ago.... Y
Why don't we have fuel trucks capable of mobile refueling, much like mid air refueling. I don't see what could possibly go wrong.
:-) : Support your local farmers & food producers. Support local food in your community.
13 in a row today for the #Knicks. When are they going to start calling them the Loseoffs?
Q: "How do know if you're crossing the privacy line?"
A lot of people I'm following on this bitch are annoyin af.
I've been hacked -.-
#FF B4 THE SUN BOILS THE GULF OF MEXICO + OIL BUBBLES N2 YR SUBURB:
Nice link.
Getting asked to prom at the same time #sooocute cant wait!
Hop off boy.
#69 haha nice number XXD so.... I guess you're a belieber? Haha! I think we should tweet eachother more ;) x
#astdalc the people / connections / best practice!
At times the internet gets on my cutest nerve, *sigh's & breaths here*, all these connection/link options & blah bLah blaH. Gotta <U+2665> it! =)
Oh now, THAT would be fun, too!
Turns out the AC adaptor for an Arduino will power an NES in a pinch. That's about as nerdy of a sentence as I can muster.
Googling #howtosmokeacigar. Why is my life so silly?
Ha ha - this made me laugh. Happy Meatball day to you.
Money Mayweather bout to do work. Cottos face is gonna get a mud hole beat in it.
Here's a question for ya...help a girl out;) Where do you live, and are you happy there? Why/why not? #whereshouldilive?
MJTI's Hashivenu Theological Forum begins today! Not sure what Hashivenu is, find out more at www.hashivenu.org.
Best place to find new biz...are you really connected?
true that.
Why do some parents feel its right to raise your kid to be just like them or worst, wouldn't u want better for them?!
Thank you for confirming my gut instinct. :)
You know it's time for a new stove when you talk to yours and tell it to work baby work lol. Thank God our new one comes this week :D
my username is austinslippers, my most favorite memory of all time is when you wore your white slippers with socks :) <3
Just saw a guy walk into the mall wearing a shirt. I rolled down the window and told him i loved him.
the home
Hello brewers offense
Unilever Q1 sales lifted by price hikes, emerging markets
plug n play
There are several projects and events being planned out for the #rivoli and we would love YOUR help! Just let us know your interested!
such an awesome time-you all inspire me!
I'm shy until you get to know me.. then you can believe I'm just that naughty its the quiet ones that can teach you a thing (;
My lil brother went into the girls restroom and saved my life though :")
Haven't heard anything about it.
Now say my name is on. Go head mtv hits, i hear you
Haha dont think Ive ever seen a cuter dog picture lmao! The expression is
tornadoes in my hood in the "DF-dub"
Convening a great group of children at the visitors center in inner harbor to march to convention center - no cuts to after school pgms!!
Hehe alright hun & that's good to hear! :) & I'm good, thank you. How are you? :) <U+2665>
Hope everyone had fun on #Christmas with family & or friends. Now it's back to life. Oh wait, we still have to party on #New #Years #Eve LOL
i had the win 7-3 when i went out. but they rallied and won 11-9.
I'm hungry.
About to post up at meadows.
its a inning my timeline just acted like we lost the world series, if that ever happened they might light city on fire
Love this! Especially that there's news from other countries, forcing me to practice my Portuguese.
#shitfangirlssay ali king omg
at least it was a sweet death :-) #chocolate caliente
Oh, it won't be too long. RT : I meant for RT I'm still local. Waiting for my big break.
I have reached my breaking point on so many fronts it is absolutely insane. What to do?
what's up , thanks for the follow. Know any Boston drummers looking for a band?
Nodding off while watching the new A$AP video. Go figure.
Oh good. No worries RT: BREAKING: Sheriff says mountain lion, grizzly and monkey only remaining animals loose in #Zanesville, Ohio
Haha xP dude this stinks -___- I gotta be a gud hurl from now x( cuz me and Andy made a deal that we both have to be gud
I mean, what meaning are you trying to express/convey?
Let's connect...connect...connect!
ughh I still feel the tequila and rum from last night
Everyone trying out for ve tonight bring water, wear comfortable shorts that's aren't too short and a comfortable tee and tenis shoes!!
& the pro has more GB than my old air.
cannot WAIT until and are here!
That was a god nap.:)
I shot some images of the Cure by Design event. Not done publishing them all. See them at www.facebook.com/brandonphotos
Don't put much stock in straw polls but nice to win last night's in Darlington. Thanks Lafayette Dems for great forum!
Happy Record Store Day! #forgetitunes #buycds :D
just got on this year. Great to see you here trailblazing for social neuroscience (again!)
T.I. said "spell autograph. U makin ME look bad"LMAO!!!!
Reading about mistletoe folklore for work and seeing how easy it would be to go down the Golden Bough rabbit hole.
Now following u back Thanks for the follow
(we call that move "pulling a ")
Don't forget we'll be in San Francisco tonight at the Hotel Utah saloon for the
Firefox 11.0 for mac. Hope that's enough to be helpful...Didn't realize you had an active team working on QA!
na I'm asking is it the last episode?
they make them for RICH tall people, it's called customization...lol happy there are tall women taking it in their
In science class w. Alana and Jonah!!!! Alanas iPhone savor!
Wat A day we had the gay pride parade which rarely happens and now off to bed for early wakeup to school
Great party - great people! If you are near Illinois, you need to join us for a party!!!
In Miami. Can't wait for DJ Paolo tonight and DJ Abel tomorrow.
no problem
Tomorrow night with guest Clarinetist Seth Kibel. 07/06, 7pm, Make your reservation now !
I tried to do a grito right now & Mom said mas puto.
#fridayreads finished Sentry by Crais - always an awesome thriller, started Sunflowers by Bundrick - now want to visit Amsterdam
Mondays = Meetings
that's not good ):
what's good coffee black i just forwarded u a link from dj qone freelance writer for ispeakhiphop magazine.
i know brb kms
Excellent!! (your #3wordsduringsex)
The was amazing as usual. Glad I got to introduce to some fun peeps :)
Maybe anthropomorphizing computers is doing a disservice to our patrons.
What is your story? Is it holding you back? You are addicted to the pain of your story! Change your story. Iyanla Vanzant
Ok...I jus saw an old white woman make out wit a young white woman.....tiime to go home
Love, you know, is a funny thing; But the funniest thing about it - Is you never can tell if it is love - Until you start to doubt it.
Met offering "vocabulary assisted searches" using aat/tgn & solr facets. Need to study this further for our planned implement'tn.
when are you playing out in Milwaukee? I would love to put a show together with you. Maybe Mid May?
I'm having such a quarter life crisis about getting a puppy. I feel like right now isn't the right time...
Wish I had someone I could spend mothers day with. Sometimes not having a mom sucks, but I wouldn't be anywhere without my dad <3
Sort of disappointed that the Pinkie Pie doll I got from amazon vine didn't have the cutie mark on both sides of her body.
Whenever I'm depressed I like to cut myself... a nice big piece of cake.
RT RT : "I'm learning to code" is the new "I'm working on a novel"
This Nigga Said Rondo , I'll Take tony Parker Over Rondo Or Steve Nash Over Rondo
Gr8 work on mock MN bills 2day-Bills passed include:change to MN "Safe Haven" law,urinal dividers in pub bldgs, & fishing w/2 lines
Guitar Hero at 12:14 in the morning? I think yes.
Looks like you are missing your forth wheel! I think she was in Jersey for a Berkeley event
To me it look like the #knicks have quit
already........when u ready get @ me. -www.intrigueurecords.com
maybe a jason terry type player
Talking about 911Tragedy is akin to talking about the Reichstag Fire tragedy. Then again, the left hand never knows what the right is doing
thank you! I'd love your feedback. FYI, Tai Chi really helped my JRA when I was younger. It's a wonderful thing.
will you DM me your number
That baby dinosaur noise you make when you stretch
April 9 deadline is near. Call 311 now to Apply to win $5,000 or $1,000 cash in the first-ever Baltimore Clean Community Competition.
We made up a new word. Confuddle, which is befuddle+confound ...
Clown head dance party.
Silly question. We have oodles of beer. :)
and use of Shakespeare as organizing principle for a talk on Tweeting -- Vindication of humanities types in technology!
Happy Birthday Girl!!!
I love coming home from school and being completely lazy <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
exactly. a lot of people do it for attention instead of out of genuine need for help
thank you! So great meeting you also!
I miss my #boobear :(
do you want to die? Lmao
The greatest secret to making money and being successful is helping other people make money and be successful. -Deepak Chopra, M.D.
So I blazed through the last 200 pages of DIVERGENT by and now I'm sad because I have to wait until May for the next book! :(
Bogus Bag
Hope everyone is having a great day!!
I'm working up a TLC post on this but, yeah, I'd have no problem giving him a look at DH. It couldn't hurt.
I was like WHERE ARE CORY EDDIE AND CHELSEA
#DuringTheSummer I want a romance .
I always sit down when I'm lazy an don't feel like standing up to pee
Reference Universe can now be used within EBSCO’s Discovery Layer. Tell your rep at EBSCO you’d like to see it added.
RT : haven't listened to Napalm Death in, oh, minutes.
Nice win by the 76rs over the Bulls.
big ham doing work
Hey, how are you feeling after yesterday's appointment??
Did you know that an average of 60% of patients take the RX to another dispensary other than where the receive their exam, seems like a loss
Give #Scandal, another try. You will love it!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
not sure if im still seeing the halloween costumes left over from last night or if some ppl r r ust expressing themselves more...
thank you!
I love how a DM almost ensures I get a quick response as compared to email which can take weeks for someone to dig out.
Lol somebody please tell me how Justin would find the time to cheat
The consequences of today are determined by the actions of the past. To change your future, alter your decisions today.
Even in the depressed rust belt, pizza shops and grocery stores are open till 2am.
Any mistakes you commit thru audacity are easily corrected with more audacity
Much chatter, little wit. - Portuguese Proverb
Oct Sat 22 Late Arriving Headliner, Random Tour Support Band, Local Band Just Happy to Be There + DJ Spins for Drink Tickets $10
m...sounds good - ice cream.
WAMUQ Big news, up 75% pm!
8 more school days
Gonna fall asleep in this lame shoe store together
Dear Airline Industry - Just give us paper robes and be done with it. Sincerely, All of us non-criminals who fly everyday.
Its hump day! Share ur fav riddle, one liner or joke...promise a RT want some funny!!!
has become one of the regular pleasures of my day. Highly recommended.
night night
Through Wednesday. Thursday-Saturday I'll be in Atlanta to apt hunt. Busy week!
I dont wanna live with regret.
so excited cuz I'm approaching 30 now! Woot!
Police arrest EMT with Mastic Volunteer Ambulance Corp. for allegedly sexually abusing woman on the way to the hospital
hell ya can't wait!
Too bad the inning stranded Morgan on 3rd.
if i could see #oomf like almost everyday i would love it <3
imagine if the Day After Tomorrow and V for Vendetta had a child. That is what our #future #world will be like in
Today brought us a rash of resignations, included the CEO's of yahoo, best buy, and 6 Buddhist monks in Korea.
": about to go see the avengers (:"
Fresh idea for a restaurant: Samosas To-Go-Sas.
Moderately and highly active people live more years diabetes-free than people who don’t exercise.
Damn I read my tweets, Joe got on my twitter flexin
I FIND CHICKS WITH TATTOS ON THERE FACES VERY _________ !!!!
Tracy Jones is on Twitter! Follow her
lol right? word
HUSTLERS LOVE ATL <3 Come on spread the love!
You know you'd pay 3 times as much for your coffee fix!
Always leave her wanting more, but make sure you give her what she needs.
Throw your dreams into space like a kite. U do not know what it will bring back. A new life/a new friend/a new love/a new country.Anais Nin
You know what's coming up at EA?? Check our website at www.emergencyartslv.com for up to the minute info!
What's for lunch today? Turkey & cheese sandwich on a bun, fresh cucumber slices, applesauce, chocolate brownie and milk.
what's wrong with u
The studio I went to today is a non profit. They take donations for their classes.
Hibberts really underrated.
Seriously? That's ridiculous.
Photographers! Want to see your work in our next issue or featured on our website? Email
That is really unfortunate. I hope both sides can settle things before court. #hoa #violations are no fun.
Avengers is the best movie i have ever seen. :-)
Sho you right sho you right
thats bull crap. its the people.
I am now repped by JLA Talent! Woo hoo!
what?! How?! ... Wait April fools I'm dumb...
time for tea and cookies?
thanks! :D
radius clauses for festival tours suck. If I'm not on tour I'll definitely be at the show
Happy Monday Everyone! Hope you are having a wonderful day! Almost at follower #1000! Who will win the contest???
obviously?!?!?! #twinning wouldn't have it any other way!
Thanks! Me, too.
Today will be a good day
Tweet miss the family already
I never though this would hurt me so much . . .
The Play Offs .. :D
Guy who "broke" this Fielder story seems like a fool
"Quit whining & hold that pole son!" -Best quote so far from set courtesy of Anuarite.
can't wait! Xoxo
The fact that no one understands you doesn't mean your an artist!
Very, very good. : I will get back to you. If I come with , what are the chances you could bench press him?
Good morning, everybody! I wish you all a great day! :)
trying to decide what to feed the family for SuperBowl Sunday!!! ??
GIMMICK is written all over that. " Feeding tube diet. That's just ridiculous.
#NowPlaying Chris Brown | Deuces Remix Feat. Drake, TI, Kanye, Fabulous, & Andre 3000
E-Books approved in final form. Moving along...
And there's another (Project 20 Remix backer). Thanks, !
If you like Piña Colada. We got ya covered.
talking barrier to entry in not just end user UI, but also API.
": How can yu have so much respect fa a nigga that can't close... Durant aint won shit
#nowwatching Pet Cemetery with my oldest daughter
#UnattractiveThingsAboutMe my obsession with popping my gum....
#OWIF: The airline is making me check my luggage instead of carrying on. IT'S JUST A GIANT CARP
#tu111 we use flips in presentation skills class. The participants are filmed, gvn feedback and now contribute videos
What is in your herbal healing medicine cabinet?: I'm always looking to increase my knowledge of healing herbs : ) Would love to see ...
RT - New England Patriots.!
I stand by My opinions and believe they are right based on what I went though to see 2012 .
YES JONATHAN!
Twitter > > Tumblr > MySpace > Facebook.
are you going to the st pattys day party thingy ?
Ha! Apparently my mall job is classier than I ever could have imagined! Keeping it classy at the Square!
Ouch. No, seriously- ouch. LOL
Indiana just showed the nation what a TRUE undefeated team looks like!
My acting hw for the week involved answering the question, "When are you a whore?" Am I really getting academic credit for this?
When "Rex" is added to the end of a cat breed name, it implies that they have curly... or otherwise unusual fur.
I stopped because I started getting more traffic and thus started connecting with more people on a personal level
soft tacos says the taco bell guy (me) :)
Al Michaels sporting the comb-over tonight.
this thing is a tweet ghost and it's creepy
I get so confused by people at target in red tops who aren't target employees.
Surprised #Packers have used first 5 draft picks on defense? Me neither.
I thought you WERE Captain America...?
LMAO every time I get the chance
reading articles about the importance of teaching using digital media, not just print. oh, the irony. i'm still stocking print cartridges.
"If you sexy and you know it, you need to be down at #Notte to show it" #PicturePerfectFriday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> Free moscoto till 11 ladies...
Zynga is going to crash and burn. Be happy to tell you why I think so...
EP13s, #20 - Achieve in Africa - founded by EP13 Brendan Callahan. Goal: build a sustainable lunch program for the school Olasiti , Tanzenia
Love me some Thursday! :) Ugh...I can't believe I just mangled the language that way!
Real good crowd at Frankies, penny pitchers and karaoke w/
Rip coach k you will be missed I would give anything to play another year under you
Gasol with the tip-in at the buzzer puts up 48-42 at the half. Strong half from Pau - 13, 7 & 5. Lawson leading DEN w/11."
I'm a little late to the band wagon but I might climb on...
5 MORE DAYS! THIS TOWN WONT KNOW WHAT HIT EM! CUSE WE GONA ROCK ALL NITE!
White rabbit - Jefferson airplane
Absolutely7 Evangelina. I will save one for you
Lovers who broke my heart, they were like northern stars, pointing me on my way into your loving arms. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
omh my twitters being gay
Thanks for the shout out darlin'! Much appreciated. :)
Chris Baxter says Crisis Carter is a tool.
It's affecting traffic all over the city :(
I'm def not
The future is taking shape now in our own beliefs and in the courage of our leaders
RT if you put Hot Sauce on Potato Chips!!! *Texas Pete Baby*
miss you too
LA Fans.............If Kobe miss, bet not say shit about and closing games <<<<<
oh right. Im in your banner. Le duh
ignorant men piss me off!
missing u, ready for the weekend
Good, thanks! Better than I thought! It's March 17th in D.C!
“: this means I have to come visit to check it out :)” agreed....soon the #palmsprings crew hopes.
Slow price to pay for a slower network...
How was everyone's weekend??
Just learned of it this week. I'm on it
damn horses and their unattended fires... not to mention the drunken carousing!
I was right but bad attempt... Well it's still 3-1 well take it in game 5
can't wait to show you the video!!!
sorry we won't be adding any restaurants today :)
awesome masks series!! I cant believe that Buster was in the Mask DVD. Great work!!
#rubymidwest Third Screen Talent is looking for RoR developers for clients in OR, WA and CA, send resumes to
does anyone even kno where like a boss came from? lol and im not talking bout the youtube vid i mean what decade :p
I KEEP HITTING REFRESH BECAUSE I CAN'T REMEMBER MY XM PASSWORD!! KEEP THE TWITTER-ING!
want to encourage everyone to attend a church of their choice tomorrow
Didn't you get Buttock fat injections? a.k.a. the Brazilian Buttock?
I went through a period like that with "obtain" as an intransitive verb. Everywhere, for just a little while.
Do you ever wonder if there's a lot of arsenic in the water of the Texas Governors mansion? It would explain a lot.
Off to Christians lacrosse game at PW- high school, see video later.
I wish life wasn't so hard...
Whichever gets the commercials out first. Won't be hard hitting congressional or journalistic inquiry.
Awesome Xstream Team meeting yesterday! Thanks to those who were able to make it in person, via press 8 telecom bridge or online streaming!
Congrats to our elected Exec Board leaders for the 2012-2013 year! Prez:, VP:, and Treasurer: Oliver Field
Gosh, I hate it when my day stupid bitches get ruined. RT You ruined my day stupid bitch.
RT : #GPM communications team is interviewing scientists the 2011 PMM Science Team Meeting for an upcoming “Faces of GPM” campaign
With parents like you, how could she be anything but? :)
RT : #jazzed How concerned are you of legal issues because of social media?
Bring 'em! We will have ribs from HonkyTonk BBQ and other tasty surprises this year, along with over 100 delicious craft beers.
Big Blue Nation <U+E42A><U+E42A>
maybe, just maybe, you'll change that!
Just looked out window of AirTran train at JFK and saw space shuttle sitting there on top of its 747. Awesome sight.
The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government
New Music Monday continues with ! Win the new CD "Up All Night" all night long!
#HappyMothersDay to all the moms and soon-to-be moms out there :)
Makin weird noises with
I'm loving this thunderstorm, but my cat is freaking out. Poor kitty, she hates rain and storms. :(
I guess I need to get glasses and dress like I do not care... But I love pink.
Every organization must be prepared to abandon everything it does to survive in the future
“In the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.” Abraham Lincoln
You're my follower . Aha . Im not following yo ass back !
Eat simply, recipes are great, but if they add work & time how is that helpful?
We'll be open all day today!
We are underway from UNC!
UT endorsements today! Manchester paper endorses all bought and paid for DeMaio robots running for office
calling all beliebers, let's trent this #ihateselenagomez maybe she will get the point.
I might have a party when I hit my 1,000th tweet... or release doves (not really). Do doves "tweet?" I guess they "coo."
How does one go about meeting funny tall people? I feel as though I am too tall for guys these days. hahaha #insecuretweet 0_o
Best Buy plans to open 40 Mobile stores this fiscal year and will quintuple its share of the U.S. mobile phone market to 15 percent... wow!
Made it to San Antonio. 175th anniversary of the Alamo, Mardi gras .... Ready to shut this town down!
Doing laundry extremely late. I used to peak at noon. Now I peak at midnight. Get your shit together!
Oh snap, Tiger is going to win his first #PGA event since September 2009!
was nice to meet you yesterday!
oh jesus whats happening now?
: Thanks for all the love!
So basically...I stayed up all night texting
Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash.
Asking from across the pond: Any chance Zak drums up MLS interest?
BillMyAnswer uses an algorithm to create originality of your tutorial. Don’t worry about someone Re-selling your work
Someone text me
Just realized that last tweet says complaints not compliments. Weird auto correct on that one. Damn phone.
and u also love eminem!!! we r like twins!!
GM where can I read more about it? I had not idea about this event.
I bet you'd have more fun in the shower. ;). Or at least I do.
When does the movie open in theaters?
Sounds good! See you here!
Just check the video out good work..
Let's get this test goin!
Dick pic gate
#FF Young women writing candidly about #fosterparent life:
First revolution that has been catapulted onto a global stage and transformed by social media.
ADUB CONCERT!!!!! YEAH!
The LOB is here and it is hott!What is it?The Long Bob of course! Its just as fashionable as a Bob,but the longer layers allow more options!
I thought I heard you right after I read the tweet! But, like said, being on the corner, I tune a lot out…
Happy Mother's Day to the best mother I could ever ask for! Thanks for being there for me when no one else was. Love you so much. <3
Nothing lasts forever. But there are things in life that you would gladly fight for just for them to stay longer <U+2665>
mystical,omnipotent,omnipresent,rapturous,sacramental,sacred, sanctified,spiritual,superhuman,superlative,supernatural,transcendental,
Bed time. Early gym date tomorrow morning. Night y'all.
We are still evaluating monetization options on Android platforms.
Can't help rooting for Mark Herzlich. Very inspiring!
o OK nice
thank you for that too!
Hats off to the big homie Tom Lawlor!
Enjoying the last 36 hours of my 20s
not much
I've watched all but the last season. Waiting for it to air over here.
Can't argue w/the logic. RT : Online privacy tip: Never give anyone your email address. If you do, they will be able to email you.
Thx to #JeremyLin, 1st time I've enjoyed watching the #NBA since #MichaelJordan and #ScottiePippen played together for the
Yup Yup! :D
All happiness depends on a leisurely breakfast.
According to the kiddo, Christmas is not about eating roast beast. It is about eating cookies. Now you know. (We just watched The Grinch.)
Very few people bring a notepad with them to job interview, it's a very subtle thing that makes you stand out, take notes when appropriate
that's cool. How was ur weekend?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> it's just time for a change... Ima miss it too.
THAT WAAS RUDE
LOL. Wish blew up my phone..
follow me back like now! lol
Good morning #Indy!
If you don't like watching the show on our website, yes, we know our player is not mobile friendly… you can download the podcast from iTunes
great field position for the #Terps, now can #O'Brien find a play that isn't "82 go long" and get #Maryland in the endzone
lol o shit you're learning how to tweet...still say ur name should have been bertajean6969 hahah
Without the L in Lover -- its over
Nothing I hate more than dirty kids
Yay potential client!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING FROM ALL OF US AT THE FOUNDATION AGAINST CHILD EXPLOITATION & HUMAN TRAFFICKING ...
I will always consider people who look up to the Kardashian sisters, jersey shore, and bad girls club as air heads.
Well it's finally Friday!:) One Acts performance tonight!:D
That's a kodak moment!
Demi Moore just got a lot cooler... Whip its demi. Really whip its
Just got home from work at 2:30AM after a 15 hour day. I have no food in my house. I am drinking a Stout for dinner. Not very satisfying.
Had fun at my ribbon pinning today (= Next come class trip - danielle
I'm so focused on this pucks game man ... sorry.
Your welcome. I hope it was great. I'm working on helping to send a driver to the Indy 500 - yup, the big one. Wish me luck.
WonDers what you lOok like with your lip unfolded? Lol
Learning CSS is hard... but I've been wanting to learn!
Revolution is on NBC
"when grillz came on, I went nuts, and texted my dad." - russ p valle
« #3WordsForYou Same Damn Time!!!»
Omg can't believe these people didn't know Keith Moon was dead
yea, b/c mines is holding my .....
“: Seriously poor choice of words. #Vikings #MNLeg” Truly disgusting choice of words. NOT a way to win support!
Lol yea i kno i said the same thing last night lol RT : good choice <U+E00E>
thanks girl!
MT : quote of the day: "The public library is one of the few places left where one can be private." -Lawrence Clark Powell
is that describing twitter or tumblr lol
Happy Friday tweeties!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Wade only has a ring because the refs. Joey Crawford and Donaghy had the fix in for him. Shot like 100 FTs in a 6 game series
When completely disregards my sweet texts <<<<<
Amazing night at tonight with so many great people! Glad to have sponsored it!
On the plane. Going to miss Adam Lambert on Idol. Plz, ninjas... Don't forget to put it on YouTube. Thank you!
Listening To J.Cole <3
Prepping for our big company launch. #STAND/OUT will be having an art show, if you have art you'd like to display let us know!
Want a quick & temp fix for ur gray hair so u can please mom when u go 4 a visit? Email us if 4 info.
we gotta get back together.............Sap Sap
D: Thanks!
Wow...lmao....comedy!! super foul!! Imma take that because Whitney started looking better b4 she died. So you meant a 14 :)
you didn't follow
feel better!!
U get overwhelmed sometimes..Put evythg on hold & stayed home for 6 yrs..Feels weird 2 be wkg again! The checks nice tho. (;
As of this week, we no longer have to leave the building to buy coffee
RT : Empty places are being filled now. Where ever faith has led you, performance will validate you.
Having a good morning
"Swag Bags" filled with promotional samples of their products and services
I just caught about 20 bass in 3 hrs with
guy i dated briefly in college got really un-cute. 'scuse me, i'm going to be smug for the rest of the day.
I am thinking about getting a Honda Civic 1.4 for a new car!
RT : Hoodrats should not be allowed on social media smdh
=) i didnt want my mom 2 c me crying so i told her my eyes were watering. i dont want her 2 worry
I just gave my mom +K for Mother's Day. No need to buy a thing!
King of Peace is on the radio at 9:15 am tomorrow. You can listen on the web at www.Magic107.com
loved the 21 questions, especially #21, lol Excited to do ministry and life with you!
Sitting at the Gingerman waiting to meet Mali's prospective forever Mommy. And hoisting a cold one :)
2012 film watching! #64. Let's Scare Jessica To Death (Hancock, 1971). Not sure what to make of this. Average horror film.
My son decided to write an e-book and work on developing an App. Going to go into field of computer game design & development. Good career.
all day. I think the last game starts at 7
WordPress - seven sites and growing. Love it!
can't wait for hockey to be over
Just listened to the entire catalogue on Rhapsody. It turned my Monday around.
On a 6 game hitting streak on #MLB #BeatTheStreak I need Jeter & Swisher to come thru tonight on double down
At the St X Trinity game. Nothing like a good ole high school rivalry
M.O.B
Huh, I've been losing one subscriber a day,each day for the past three. Very odd and vexing. I'd much rather it go in the opposite direction
End of first, #Badgers up 2-1 on Boston College
Girl I told you Im coming. I gota get out the hse today anyways.
K FINE LOOL DO YOU HAVE TO WORK THIS WEEKEND
Ha not sure how you knew I was a hard core Dem? But I am tho have nt been to political in recent months Santorium spooked me
please return the Vanilla Gorilla
easy? you're nuts! im the king at smack talk. thats why i was such a successful And 1 basketball player for all those years.
Nice way to start a Tuesday: "Thank you so much for getting us through this so quickly. You are a terrific Support Group!"
#nahj11 Organization has run six-figure deficits for the last two years. Plans to "stop the bleeding."
I assume that if premiums go up, ObamaCare must be recognized as well?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANNAH! Let's trend?
Come join Chispa Marketing at the 11th Annual Lou Gehrig’s Disease 10K Run & 5K Run/Walk in Coconut Grove. Register right here!...
Good night O:-)
Amanda Reynolds is Seattle's Fearless Woman!!! Congrats Amanda the founder of All About HOPE. www.allabouthope.net You are truly FEARLESS
just go to socialistr.com/TWITTER-USERNAME and u can send the person a voicemail
you mean every scottish rite in the country ?
25 days. nbd.
My brother is a fucking crazy driver.....
great season buccos
Headin to in Atlanta, GA for some lunch. Then down to for our show @ Tokyo Alley!
I miss you, and it sucks that I keep letting my feelings get in the way of our friendship, whatever you live and you lean
Ive been #comedycentral Beverly Hills cop That Blonde lady so Freaking Hot #Classic Download the #Chevygametime app
Why live in this house If I'm not trusted.
G'morning tweet peeps!
Ugh I wish it was last period ! -__-
Listening to avenue a talk about how much ass they kick
Thanks to I'm taking notes in this #visitbelize chat. 1 week until touchdown. Get me to the beach!
We will, and, yes, next year #SCMS13!
I majored in mathematics in college because the engineering dept was full. I later became an artist.
If that was Kobe they would of won this game
Although Pat Boone's episode got bumped from COX Channel 3 due to campaigning it is now up at OnAAiR!
The one nice nite out '' And this happen's. Am not buying that story smoke is not toxic'' Did you see that black smoke'''
ok... But look at her!
Not getting out if bed until like 12 somethin
Well. The Rangers demonstrated Championship Stuff tonight. They broke the Cap stranglehold.
My cousin was walking down the stairs then slipped and fell down the stairs!
My la familia full of playas n ballers this summer we flexing on you bum bitches
GOOD MORNING!!!!
haha thanks hun! If you wanna talk more just DM me! I always get them sent to my phone!
Alright griffin I like you when your Dunking on teams I don't like but dunking on my team? No. Just no.
You know how all women will attack you if you talk smack about Resse Witherspoon? Having a debate, is there a male equivalent?
Alaska gives TransCanada OK to shift attention - CBS News
thanks for letting me follow!! Keep it real out there yo!!
Enter your email for promotions and news about events and new products before everyone else! W.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com/NEWSLETTER
The Age of Impressionism: Great French Paintings from the Clark ...
RT : The violence and destruction caused by #SeaMayDay is embarrassing. The right to protest is no excuse for this.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
fact:my grandma posed as Mrs.October for Playboy in their college girl calendar when she was 21. and she jst gave me her playboy necklace :)
thats still my girl, but shit ..
there should be two copyright notices at bottom of photo as well
morrell's have one down how is TDF?
"it is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it." ~General Douglas MacArthur
My Christmas present for today.. Heat game :)
good night!!.. have a nice sleep... ;)
:) glad to know we are on the same page
oh oh reaally, why thank you
What if i come to your house and do it?
Me too! Now if it could stay warm/hot long enough for me to wear them...
Sorry if some of you are getting multiple emails from us containing news letters. Testing out a new system!
Just another week and two more losses until possibly Greg Holland is the closer.
When people dont answer the phone after they done blew me up all day..this mean as feeling comes over me and I be pissed
What a CRAZY BUSY day - we have the coolest wine club members!! Unique Sauvignon Rocks!!
very cool, thanks for dining with us this evening you all rock the house
4th Tuesdays I live for the rare moment I can #NTT and can't. Tonight it was being able to Name That Tune. #point :)
I am a huge fan of Pulse app on iPad, check it out
and then u will update itunes?!?
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others. Audrey Hepburn
I want this day to be done. People stop Calling my dam work phone please
So much is inside my little head. Who can I talk to?
– Mission: To be excellent in everything and to everyone.
thank you for the inspiration and the share! If you have other projects we shld highlight let me know :)
It's here, it's here, it's finally here... TRR's Twitter interview w/ today, Monday (5/23) at 9pm EST/6 PST. DON'T MISS IT
#GWAS or speak English with my mom
Too many people buy things they don`t need, with money they don`t have, trying to impress people they don`t even like.
Come on Live a little!!!!
well download the mixtape friday
Sounds like a solid and familiar strategy
The feeling when u hope what u r doing is right...
And that’s the thing-if you know exactly where you would like to go, you can contact people offering home swaps in those locations
": wonder is is rushing back home so she can witness Charles Manson's parole hearing" Witness? No. Partake.
Yes!! we will be there!! Stop by and get a great cheesesteak and a cool Italian Ice!!!
hush for I eff u up
Bought to show yall how to ghost ride the whip.
*HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE!!!* :)
Ever had that feeling when your hungry but don't know what to eat? Come in and enjoy a burrito or two ;)
If I were a billionaire I would have free quit-smoking resorts where people stay for 10 days poolside WITHOUT cigarettes! They'd all quit!
Darn, will be the same weekend as the again this year (October 6-7, 2012). Decisions, Decisions!
You looked better on myspace.
Currently obsessed with the international tour of Cinderella with Lea Salonga. #inspiring <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080>
THE MADNESS!!
He conquered death!... Happy Easter everyone, have a blessed day.
you say it so well I can't wIt untill your on the top
RT More than 13.5 percent of black population are now considered extremely poor - a rate three times higher than that for whites.
I'm gonna make myself the best and you can watch
hey Tim, any WALK peeps looking to minister to youth & tour the US next year? I've got a ministry opportunity if they're game!
Congrat!! To my cousin Winter Starr Williams graduating from University of Memphis.
grrr no coming back for easter? What surgery is next?
for sure! things are starting back up for me music wise, was kinda slow but now im finishing up a mixtape prod. by myself! :)
RT : Travel FW, collect stamps & support local biz to win a free or heavily discounted ticket to this year
#ff if you like to have your life enriched
Surf tomorrow at 9am w/ all the & surfers
All Bed Head makeup is 50% off at SBS!!!
Listening to some Monica ....she b talkin to me with this album
Iv Been Out Here All Day & Ii Finally Found My Dress. =) Happy.
I just had a commission and the customer wanted me to donate the 20% to you which is $40 for !!! <U+2665>
"Just because someone feels it or thinks it doesn’t mean that we are supposed to go down that road." - Marcus Bachmann on being gay.
that is awesome lol
what a pleasure to work with you again. The band is hot!
Saving the Gorilla's....$1 at a time
Just changed my interest... for real thoe.
Shawn, the game will start on PDX 49 if baseball isn't over. Please spread the word.
Working on our website
“: Executive chef doing coke off the reservationist in his office. #kitchenpetpeeves”
just a friendly good morning
happy early birthday boo!!!
We promised there'd always be times/ when the sky was perfectly lucid,/ that we could remember each other through that." James L. White
Just remembered it is Friday the 13th today. I'm a little bit superstitious about this day since I had a really bad one a few years ago.
My son lucked up and got two parties thanks to the pool being closed 2days b4 the party... Now this party is for the ones who didnt make it
He thinks I'm crazy already !!
Reed Johnson: That's not a goatee, that's an infestation.
thank you Sage!
nothing home w/ lil mans
congrats my brother. What an accomplishment. Celebrar anoche?
See. Told ya so.
I'm glad to hear you use them! I tested 3 pair yesterday & settled for the Pierre Cardin make.
Prepping for tonights Bucks / Heat game, let's get this win!!!
Cant believe kiss 108 just played old All American Rejects
Ana Sui's target collection inspired by Gossip Girl hits stores on Sept 13!! Just in time for the season premiere on Monday!! XOXO
Which Pace event should we give tickets away to next...?
Another exciting meeting of the #AmazingMilwaukeeRace task force, this is going to be an amazing day.
what's up homegirl ain't seen you in like 7years Smh
We have some great goodies on sale-- come check them out and enjoy some Cha Cha Tea samples too!
PLAN: Go to school looking like shit tomorrow. and show up to prom looking AHH mazing
if I can help someone reach a goal then I'm all about it. No problem.
i tried not to turn that song off after the vocals came in but it was impossible.
Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but a manner of traveling. Margaret Lee Runbeck
Gasbag of the day (fierce competition!):
judges my wrist tattoo, but I love her all the same. See you tonight?
Woo hoo, we made it! Same to you, Todd! RT happy Friday Rebecca! Have a great weekend!
In fact, the original iPhone is thinner than both the 3G and 3GS. It is also the most durable iPhone to date.
#FF our amazing line-up tonight!
Go White!! GO STATE!!!
The bay side of the island is completely under water. It looks like an absolute war zone
Let your smile change the world. Don't let the world change your smile.
Having a great sales day in Michigan...
Can't Wait Till #BGC Mexico Comes Out OMG , Hope There Dont Be No Mexican BITCHES
way to go girl! That is definitely a feat!
Yeesh, Chris Bosh out the rest of Series...Celts might be beast of East.
Hello Saleena, we have been at the top of hiring in Boston for 42 years you can send me your resume:
Who! I'm a contributing member of society and stuff! By which I mean- a paid one!
Trying out the new Twitter for Blackberry app.
Show me your Teeth.
Can I have a #Browns fan make a legit argument for taking the most interchangeable position in football 3rd & a guy older than me at 22?
Can we get a RT for 1/2 Price Margarita day #Madison?
favorite line ---> it's too late... it's too late!
#smbmad - making choice between twitter or FB? where R UR customers & who are they. Music changes during the day & well as Social content
I got a26 On Yo Bitch Is that Good for her Mom house
Thinking of my sis-in-law and her hubby as they travel thru India & more in the weeks and months to come... Miss you guys!
#May day is my day!
Thanks for all of the information team! This was an insightful webinar
your a dumb ass. FUCK YOU BITCH. no more ghetto dancing to the motto. FOR YOU. BECAUSE IM SEXY WHEN I DO THAT.
LEGAL FORMS SITE, ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM, BUY OUR 100 LEGAL BOOK SERIES ON AMAZON.COM FOR ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
we miss George too!
Why are they called "non-stop" flights? Don't you want your flight to eventually stop at your destination?? #deepthought <U+2708><U+2708><U+2708><U+2708>
are you protesting? no. so stfu.
There is a crock pot of veggie garbanzo soup going in my kitchen so I can have a healthy lunch for at least the next two days.
Bump up the volume on ur Halloween, get ur fierce makeup! Booking now for Fri & Sat costume makeup appts. Inbox me!
awesome meeting you too! We hope to come back soon!
I totally see Cecily doing this for karaoke with a Tiffany backup dancer situation.
Religion and science--marching closer together? This theory offers one possible explanation. "The Holographic Universe" by Michael Talbot.
sounds boring
Its obvious that you guys are going to win your the best and I'm voting for you because I like you & told me2
tickets go on sale tommaro.pray that i get them
heading in to to get some media plans ready for a client meeting!
no. has the 11/16 and I gotta give him his 3/4 back.
awww were you sleeping again ;o
How are state fans tlkn shit?? When was the last time yall was ever in the elight 8
I know.
So good home at watch your tool show
Who knew in 1825: U.S. House of Representatives elected John Quincy Adams president after no candidate won a majority of electoral votes.
me and are dying to know, what is your favorite adele song?!?!? :D
good morning
#BusinessBudTPA follow to learn more about the new Business Buddies Tampa Bay!
: I call BS on claim that there are Texas counties w/o a DPS office until he provides a link. #TheFive //good call
I goots to tell you somethin(;
Thank you! I miss you. Life is hell but let's eke out some time to talk.
Distance is challenge, but not impossible..
6 I guess, might leave a bit earlier! So tired! Inhaling coffee atm...boo!
precious i dnt know you any more
They lost lost 7 starters on O and D. I think they're top 3 on talent alone but USC brings back more and a better QB.
Uhmmmm didn't I freaking asked, how's the weather in NY?
thanks, looking forward to hearing about the what's going on.
marketing lifeguards old Democratic idea! Damn richpublicans
why so?
A census taker once tried to test me. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice Chianti. SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, THE 1991
I finally finished reading The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making and absolutely loved it.
elegant profile pic!
This is the #Charlotte #northcarolina #weather I moved here for! Gym then sushi w my baby outside at #eez in #Birkdale!!
Haven't tweeted you in a while. So I Love You and Good Night!
#YouKnowItsRealWhen he spends $100 on you for a day long date. <3
Losing followers! Sorry guys! Havent been on this account! ):
then you best finish you super sayian transformation
#YouKnowYoBitch Big when she about to give birth and the baby gets lost
That's a lie! Three honks means they think you're hot. ;P
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Ion want no head
Copyright wars make it hard for a jury to understand patent issues. Less about innovation and more about blocking competitors
Work it huntii. *snap snap
I am in your capable hands...
len start busting out some 10's!! they have been deserved SEVERAL times this season! give donald driver a TEN cranky judge!
- Happy Birthday Mike Leach!
been BUSY!! landed a daytime job so we have precious little time during the week.
Dis ho azz weather make a nigga jus wanna lay up & watch movies.... #who down
RT!!": The Lord is so worthy to be praise..#BlessingFlow"
Geo with scruff. , care to comment ;)
Happy birthday :-)
I think everyday from 3-5 pm qualifies as a slump-LOL
I've just ruined your workday, sorry about that. :) maybe time to plan yourself another trip here?...
but you don't have to
Bella and Canvas now offer tear-away tags in their perfect tees! That allows you to brand even less expensive with oversized printing!
I'm sitting by the front counter.
Wtf, when did my street become the hood? Ratchet hoe walking down the street crying, "gimme my phone I wanna go home, I hate you nigga" ughh
When I relax and allow, good things come to me. When I push and worry that things might not happen, I repel the thing I want.
Envy causes you to secretly celebrate someone's failure. Repent and believe your season of favor is coming.
Not much beats finishing up in the office and #flames vs. #sharks is just underway.
RT : Hey everyone! If you haven't yet, get your tickets to the 7/12/2011 football fundraiser by !!
MISS ME YET????
that does suck
Don't threaten her freedom!!!
Wow, total silent auction items valued at over $10K at Tequila Fest tonight at Tics at www.casachapala.com
We are posted on Brady Street right now. Need a ride? #idriveccr dial 272-RIDE for some transportainment
what u got against the lakers?
God Bless! RT Finally got out of the Biblical times...Johnny Moses is on Twitter!
i'm about to blow her shit the fuck up haha
This coming Saturday I will be having my St. Patrick's Day Sip & Shop 12pm to 6pm
My favorite tip from #MOBConf work ON your biz, not IN your biz.
Any black person who hangs out with Derbyshire is an Uncle Tom/Tomasina of the highest order.
"Reading yourself as a fiction as well as a fact is the only way to keep the narrative open" - Jeanette Winterson
Happy 1st birthday to ! To kickoff their upcoming bday week they'll have a special lineup of beers to celebrate starting Fri
I don't know if it's possible to hate a human being more than I hate LeBron James.
Woah there A-Rod having breathing problems 2nd base. He finally ran !
C'mon Bubba Watson...that response surely inspires an sketch! He just ended the drought in Georgia with those tears!
the hungry knows what hunger means..pray you never HAVE TO experience it involuntarily....
Nice meeting u too! See u on saturday ;)
#Conan love the miniature set! Even the TBS symbol on my screen is miniaturized! LOL
We are on our way back from MIDO and will be looking forward to heading to NY next week! Booth LP7554
Thin mints make an ass fat!
Congratulations to for an amazing event!
Be a fan on Facebook, Just Search for Punjab Indian Restaurant San Diego, CA and HIT LIKE!!
We're heading to Lucia's!
This bitch wuld bring her fuckin kids for them to be crying in my damn face... #FuckFuckFuck... stfu swear!!
I'm the same way with my daughters hamster....makes me mega gag also
Nope...we're still working out some logistics with DCI.
one leg you half ass
Is up to no good and loving every minute of it! Have a wonderful Monday!!
Enjoy this book... The Healing Power of Sound, M.L. Gaynor, MD. We are build for sound as we are built to sing... oh, that's mine.
yes...u the reason she got the check lol
is a moron. ONE more final TOMORROW morning (not today). Perhaps she doesn't deserve a degree if she can't read a final schedule.
appreciate the mention fellas! have a great weekend!
The Silk Tie likes Blake! Gotta say, love profile pic, you are obviously a man of good fashion thesilktie.com
is my hero
Argh! RT : And it's Pirate Weekend too! Argh!
I need to change my picture.
calling it a night, sweet dreams <U+2665>
UNICORNS ARE AWESOME. I'M AWESOME. THEREFORE I'M A UNICORN ;)
Gotcha babe.
It's soo funny how drunk ppl wanna grab ur junk when they have liquid courage... Man that's funny stuff...
"...release all that is not love in your life so that the bright & beautiful sun that you already are can come out from behind the clouds."
I have so many problems.
MAN I CANT BELIEV THEY GOT ME DOIN THIS BOARD FOR THEM <<<<<<
were you at my house? ;)
OH: "How many times do I have to tell Pandora 'thumbs down' to Flo Rida songs? Geez!"
For now - I think I'll wait until Doctor Wu has an answer for me
I get to see your face today =D. This excites me
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - establishes the need for long term care helath insurance.
sweat pants, sweat shirt, wrapped like a burrito in a blanket, + under all the covers. still. any skin showing is insta-frozen.
aint nobody grades up fr
Oh no!
Reno/Tahoe area getting bombed with snow. Can't wait to ride this weekend!
Thanks! RT : Congrats to BUILDER 100 winners
Grilled flat iron, maple glazed sweet potatoes, cauliflower, and rosemary au jus $10.95 eat your heart out, Milwaukee!
The next Samsung Galaxy is ... the Samsung Galaxy S I... 4.8-inch AMOLED screen
Looks like we have 3 drum tracks finished, heading in to try and complete drums tonight!
working on getting that on our website within a week
*turns game off* welp, guess i'll start recording early smh
RT : Malcolm Thomas: We have to give our fans all the credit for the type of season we've had this year
#Milwaukee #concert #tonight #Bluegrass #MKE #Music Tonight Concert at the Brumder Mansion Bluegrass the Red Star Express
Retro look with mod specs. Be Cool. Just add Ray-Bans!
lol maybe. But I have met 's mother. Very nice lady.
RT : Shine brightly today, Earth angel. Use your light to guide another person. <---I think we have our mission for the day!
So many weird ass accounts an twitter
3rd graders in the cafeteria playing Spin the Bottle. It means they spin a Powerade bottle to see who is...(smart, silly, farting, etc.).
"I added Mac and cheese to a BBQ pizza the other day" Consensus is anything with #MacNCheese + #BBQ Sauce =
miniature art by famed S.A. Noory www.zanbeelart.com
i hate when creep old peolpe add you on facebook or thoese cute peolpe who add you on facebook but there really creeps & like every picture
but really though, if you are in portland you should come to the daniel menche surround sound show at tomorrow night
Countdown to Publix in Town Brookhaven opening. I wonder how busy it's going to be...
Thanks, Karl -- I had a very slight preview of your good work earlier, fun to see
Getting out of 2nd period tomorrow >>>>
What a gracious thing to say. Thank you.
Im convinced that there is no such thing as getting rest with a 4 year old. Where's my energy shot?
can you help me get more followers?
Ya think??
enough twitter talk....drop the video
at work. Eating by myself.
You do have all the fun!
No worries, I was busy too and running around. Not sure if I'll be going down for the Final 4, but if I do, definitely!
Lol. Alright I'm done roastin' this girl to people. I'm bein' petty for no reason.
Just for you!
I concur.
CNN confirms Amar'e Stoudemire out for Game 3 and doubtful for Game 4. He has seen a hand specialist and had a muscle repaired.
I <U+2665> EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme!
Did you book your Limo for the #Steeler Game this weekend?
match made in heaven - black & blue and liege belgian waffles
August 2, 1979 - Yankee Captain, Thurman Munson, dies in a plane crash in Canton, Ohio. He was 32. The Yanks retired his number immediately.
is going to teach me how to SALSA dance!!! Haha
what smell can you not stand? someone is cooking eggs in here and i'm about to boot...
Are the Bash Brothers available for game three?
I see.....from that angle it looks like it could hold a ton!
#philatics I love him so much!!(;
What do you normally eat or drink during a tournament round?
no but he is aaron johnson from kickass
Make it original! Something about you..? I know it's no help, but was worth a try!
right now come to crusty elac parked in level 5 5A <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
P.S. - Marfa Film Festival 2010 was a quiet storm of AWESOME
NUMBERS FOR IB AND WHAT I THINK OF YOUR ICON!!
Monday is not my friend. Can it be Friday?
Can you throw some CLChampionship A final quarterly scores up??
Ur welcome thanks for telling me
whoa. It goes... Hulk>Thor>Iron Man>Captain America>Hawkeye>Black Widow
thank God it's interesting
yep I used to be....LOL
So nteresting, thanks! Will seek the Italian work. And yes, pure-science excitement isn't same as changing lives (yet!)
Had a great day with my students today! Then my audition. Home now. Gotta slow down sometimes...
Don't forget to vote today! It is not only your right, but also your duty and honor to have the opportunity.
Relationships start out face to face, and end back to back
When I have absolutely no idea what to do next, I check my email. I check it quite often.
do you have 9 done or 9 left?!
He needs some ridalin and some sleeping medicine.
you blew my mind. amazing weekend. & = unforgettable
Sean 'Skid Marks' Mahoney
HOW TO LIVE LIFE: Live without pretending. Love without depending. Listen without defending. Speak without offending.
I'm thinking about starting my own super PAC to be used from the advancement of geek-friendly candidates. I would call it SUPER GEEK PAC!
I remember early on when people scoffed and said, "They'll go nowhere" Turns out nowhere but UP. : )
I really want to get the cosby show. There are others that I can't think of at the moment.
What's up?
when the hell is your open house?
PC enjoys the thoughts of Albert Camus. A great philospher in time!
Having a nice time in Vegas!!
Robin has the right game plan, do what you gotta do & win money
were like fire and rain, you can drive me insane, but i cant stay made at you for anything. were venus and mars were like different stars
Thank you fine folks of DBC!
Hell yeah! Lets do it!!
He didn't die...
RT : RT : 10 bucks for parking!!!!! Hell ya I love the new owners!!!!
Meeting at 630 AM, who's in? Have a great ,fun, happy day my friends
Thanks for the follow. Cheers!
hahah you should've but maybe another time. We really wanted to talk to you though ha
I already miss cheer.
the bet i bust one?
Finally back after a week off due to my mom's surgery last week. She's home now and on the mend. Thanx for all your well wishes.
sadly I did :)
There's nothing better than being wise, Knowing how to interpret the meaning of life. - Solomon
the LabRats favorite comic writer!
Perhaps not exactly your department, but do you know if the library is planning any GIS workshops?
same! Come play tomorrow. I just told Linds to play with me too.
duh! ha
Ideas can't found, they can only be discovered"
3rd St Promenade worst coverage in USA. But there are better things to do there. U get down to SM often? I'll be down next 3 wknds
I really liked it when you explained the math awhile back ;-) That was awesome. Checking this out now
Yes girl, me too! Thanks for looking out. I'll hook you up w/ a free service for the referrals :)
I actually love the modern music, just not on classical night. That piece stuck out like a sore thumb.
I am in a pub so I am not watching Big Brother. I assume a bisexual man has just entered the house.
i thought i already folloed you! Lol
Just gave up.
Huggin my doll , pretending it was akita D:
thanks ! There audio tracks on my website, if you've got some time
Can't wait to see you on DWTS and back with the Pack...#packernation adores you!
My boyfriend and I went to a pub and she ordered a guiness, I was so disgusted I spat out my pinacolada!
Just Make it do what it do
you going to the chilis by eastland , and yea I should fwu
Back home!
ALERT: Tweet your way through auditions! The world wants to know! RT : I WANT TO BE A #USC #SONGGIRL ugh. Auditions soon
Thank you but i hope you can share it with your followers when you get on a computer
Shit gets crazy when #FBLA teams are up at this hour
Why go to 3D movies when you can go to live theatre!
Roggg shooting on the 5D with Sterling Marlin for Speed Channel in Nashville
There is an important way in which those of you pining for #downtonabbey must Netflix #theforsytesaga IMMEDIATELY.
This may sound a little West Texan to you, but I like it. When I'm talking about.. when I'm talking about myself.
Agreed. I'm looking at it more from an ROI perspective. I think they are pretty cool, just not convinced they are worth the $.
How!? Everyone I know watched
How long are you there?
Ah! I learned something new! you would think they would change to make it work for the current game series.
hehehehehehehehhehehe evil!>:D
I'm with you. And in spite of menu items like puree of partridge it's making me oddly hungry.
Stephanie made me mad :'( she bailed out on staying after with me for GYM, I'm not talking to her tommarow :'(
Way to go ! Great race!
good luck zack!! youre a champ!
I don't want anyone to find out how amazing you are... You & you & you & you!! Everyone is so awesome, you won't be around long though
It's 11:11 make my wish come true and follow me <3
Do you even know how to be a true friend?
Don't confuse your path with your destination. Just because it's stormy now doesn't mean you aren't headed for sunshine! - unknown
Every Sat and Sun, $10 buckets of PBR tallboys !
Kick-Ass was beyond fantastic!!!
Red Wings stinking. Free
is playing school ketchup today. come hang out with me soon plz. i miss your integrity.
plus the players like him a little to much he may be a little soft too they need a boss not just a friend but what do I know
Mckenna: If your audience already is up to date about your issue, it's a challenge to avoid trying to please them.
max I'm sorry, go cry
when the next time you hitting the rode to the Ville G
Stomach hurts so bad omg!!!!!
": A woman who knows her value will only put up with a man's nonsense for so long. You either get right or you will get left"
Building Services Engineer/Building Services Co-ordinator | Jobs in ...
Just got back from seeing Hancock. Not your typical superhero story but I liked it.
I consider that a threat to Joneses everywhere. You better watch yourself
your ugly and I hate you<3
meeting up tomorrow so we can go over what songs we are using :D excited-Tamya
Bad idea to go movies in the morninh ._.
I bought 2 copies yesterday. Did you after all?
Also dumbasses: ppl ripping the #cubbies. What the hell did u think ths season was gonna be like? Its called rebuilding
YOU CAN SPEND THE NUGHT GET YOUR BUTT OVER HERE!!!!:D
Hey Johnny !
Yay! RT : First place Specialty Programming and Congrats!
Your beliefs don't make you a good person, your behavior does.
Press room awakening
Heck yes Daniel Kim is playing right now! It's an ode to TEN BOOM.
Who the heck is Tom Kippur. Is he as good as me at drums? Probably not.
RareRO Forums is back! spread the words please :D
Now that I've seen the winner on #NBCTheVoice and can call it a night. Congrats to Jermaine Paul!
Set fire to the rain
After 28 yrs of running, I think I'm burned out. Doesn't bode well for my race this wknd. Guess I'll try biking.
LoringJStead thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
same here, however the last time I was in MI the BB in Benton Harbor had a 'horror' section. Will check it out this weekend.
Wish I was there! RT : Real Phonic Radio Hour at the JJ Hill Library. Show up and years from now you'll say "I was there."
i don't need a big old house...full of stuff...what my arms are wrapped around...that's enough
The announcers get more hype for a LeBron miss than a 9-0 Pacers run
Wow! Thanks! I will schedule an appt soon. I have a wedding in a couple weeks! Also, my "massage" membership ends soon.
IDK HOW TO WORK THIS THING lol
Thanks! Hope you have so much fun 2!
keep dreaming even if it breaks your heart
Welcome to the summit!
I love you more! Xoxo to all!
that water was funky. It looked like coffee and had oil streaks on top. Freeway right next to it.
Learning the hard way that raising money to run #bostonmarathon, especially $4,000, is more than a few calls and emails....
Thanks for your comments. I enjoyed being a panelist at the great session last night
Did you know the brain releases a hormone called oxytocin that makes cooperation feel good?
I find it funny when people set their current profile pictures of what they looked like 5-10 years ago #
“: Preciate the follow my G!---> ” no prob
My mama is an absolute genius! She just solved my problem. I feel so relieved.
#10ThingsIHate #1. Going 2 places I really don't wanna be at
Take me to Japan naooo.
yay Backbooth! another fun show!!! thanks to all our new friends and old.. Zsorry for the potty mouth haha. see you soon! (gav)
Watching my nicca play poker
RT “: t plus/minus 7 months. as long as I complete that "brutal class" :)” right on!
Gotta give it to Charlie sheen for being a man and saying what he did at the Emmys
Girl ! You're famouse <3 lmao omg i haven't talked to you in too long :'(
thanks for the mention, but do i know you?
Tori it is!
did you go to thrice?
They know that. That's why it's the rule.
Show mix some love in the swazy baby and slipnslide contest
Extreme couponing :O
I feel like should be gliding across the rink with my hair blowing lol
Why do people waste their energy being angry or having a messed up attitude, like it'll be so much easier to just smile and be nice.
Manly Deeds, Scholarship and Love for all mankind. Are the Aims of our Dear Fraternity.
no its a guy thing
English & Media majors/minors & those interested: MAJORS MEETING Monday 10/24 at 2:10 LIN 10. Free PIZZA! Be there!
Eating falafel...damn I miss the lower east side vendors in NYC. Its just not the same. hmmmph
Can't Go To Sleep.
Thanks ! We welcome the support and new ways to promote via
I don't disagree with that core idea either -- but Rove's piece is a tank of haterade that doesn't care for details.
Hamels suspended five games for saying he plunked Harper on purpose?
Good evening!!<U+2614><U+2614><U+2614><U+2614>
#ButtonUp it's a bit chillay.
Is it a sign of the apocalypse when the #redshoedrangers lead sports center and EPL gets prime coverage?
Given high praises 2 my managing team @ Driving Force Ent. Steve Owens and Kimberly Strauss.They are great and gettin greater Take ova time!
*CORRECTION* STABBING not a shooting on Eutaw; Medics taking 25YOM to area Trauma Center in LIFE THREATENING COND
Was great to chat with you too, Jennifer - looking forward to working with you - Happy New Year!
the only beat you do is your meat
is that right after they said to turn off all electronics? Lol :-)
. Happy birthday, boss
RT : You know things have changed with the Bears when I haven't gotten a single tweet today asking me about Jabar Gaffney.
never texts me back !! Im never going to text you anymore whore lol that rhymed
Thank you Julian for following,
VERY STYLISH...don't get any smaller
Deadass. Nothing I ever do is good enough for you.
hey call me:)
me too!!
prom Prom PROM! Ill see you soon!
so resourceful, so unbelievably resourceful. And so cute.
Challenges are gifts that force us to search for a new center of gravity. Don't fight them. Just find a different way to stand. Oprah
Tonight's Special: The Philly Burger - Mama Lil's Peppers, Bourbon Onions, Bacon, Provolone Cheese and Garlic Aioli w/ Choice of Side
Just Finished the Hungergames!!!!!!!!
you are a loser. What do you have in there? Also, plaid shorts are not fratty.
start reading! <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096>
I like that you stand strong for yur bro. Wish I had a bro!
Breaking: Mother and child trapped in flooded home in Travis County. Crew on way.
Preliminary finding for?? help
:) thanks!! Will Def. do that!
congrats JPP. Off to Indy for Super bowl. Go Big Blue!!
OMG - U actually came online? <trying not to faint> lol Happy Hump Day tomorrow. :)
Just got Emoji on my phone. #finally <U+E415>
Fun Fact: Mark Twain called Hawaii "the loveliest fleet of islands that lies anchored to any ocean."
Oh weather, you're confusing. <U+2600><U+2614><U+2601>?? Yesterday you were warm & 86! Who are you going to be today?
Fuck yea!!! When they timeout before 5min mark!!!! U know we on that BULLshyt!!
yea low key I was def happy .....I felt free!!!!
You're MORE than welcome to this god awful Florida humidity...wanna trade? :)
Irony: Herman Cain is the stereotypical, un/underqualified affirmative action candidate for the republican nomination
Response to my ACE serve on the court, "You can't hit it that fast and have it go in!"...that someone got SERVED after that comment...WEET!
Pick-Up line: Are you cold? Let me be your electric blanket. Just plug me in and I'll make you feel nice and toasty inside and out.
Thank you!
MN 28/ AZ "ZIP"- the Cardinal's must REALLY SUCK!!!
Great night with Taina and Parker <3
im gonna throw something at you.
Can YoU Follow me
don't pass the book on, pass on the message and buy the book
Hahahaha! I just saw something happen that I knew was going to happen.. Gotta laugh at myself sometimes.
1/3 of all online music revenue ($2+ billion) comes from ringtone d/ls? really? wtf is wrong with you people? feed the POOR you assholes!
iagree but hpefully it all works out good (:
Looks like the guys are on breeeaaak. Am I right??
I'm taking requests for my next episode of Matt Moore Podcast. Any takers?
Last day of High School at St.Francis!!xD
Didn't know if you saw, but #heweb12 is in Milwaukee. Have to try to make it next year.
Child of the Rain...loving the rain back here in Nashville today!
Home alone.... Wht to do
Congrats on your latest book! Are you going to the Gourmand Awards next week?
Focus. Commit. Adapt.
Bryce Harper can't execute in the 4th inning
I'm so happy right now! :)
Yeah, one of the reasons Laos is so poor is because people are hesitant to use the land. It's awful.
It's Finally Friday! <U+E312>
which reaction channels are folks watching?
Your list contains high levels of fail. May want to get that checked out.
Get it get it go..!
Why the heck are there birds chirping outside my window at almost eleven o'clock, I'm trying to sleep you stupid creatures.
Getting ready for #neara11 in chicago! We leave on Wed! Should be fun to listen to the debates and speeches!
Don't even know why I answered the phone
Watching stevie moore and dennis orcollo. Billiards.
This is the new paradigm we came up with last night (while drinking): we take the small things and make them bigger.
Con te partirò is a #beautiful song.
I just wanna take the time out To Say Good Morning To all the women.Once again *Good Morning*
Hungry burps
There are no shortcuts in life - only those we imagine
Try again... Single-delegate dot com has been updated...
thanks for being a good leader for the Kingdom version of hip hop.
Honestly, is there anything to like about the Heat? Wait, I can answer that - hell no.
With strong support from senior management, yes.
Believing the House Repubs did the right thing viz. the "stimulus" bill. Of course, with more condoms, we might stimulate more sex LOL
DISH Network is preventing many of us from seeing AGT tonight!!!
#ThankYouRachael for making #smcdc so awesome!
I know he's in a suit, but put Lawrence Bowers in!
Lol at someone saying "ugh everyone at this school is SO FAKE" and forgetting to include themselves in that catagory.
SHUT UP. I totally remember.
ahh! I totally would if I could! No vehicle. :(
hahaha. creeping on you! FaceTime soon:)
One of my followers pointed out to me... Snowmegadon was 2 years ago now! Time flies...
Stop it, Josh Hamilton. Wow.
Got new tanning lotion. Wish me luck.
I would be much happier if this candy was full-size, not fun-size. This isn't fun at all.
Being sick on the weekend <
Hell yeah Joey doin it big! Much Love
Well, I should suck the knowledge out of his brain.
Thanks, Scott! Best to you.
A6 i've thought the #artsadmin prof is a tricky job market, attracts a high volume of qualified profs looking 4 meaningful work
the rye stout turned out well. I have zero faith in homebrews, so no worries. Glad you liked it enough to drink it.
living life like its my last
People always ask me if I'm some random ethnicity which has never made sense but WHATEVA.
They are all around our campus, so I'm in the know. :)
can hear husband matt our in front of our building, chipping away at the ice, trying to get the car out of the spot i slip slided it into
Just tapped Laughing Dog Alpha Dog Imp. IPA.
crazy January deals up to 75% é, up to 70% & more serious savings!
I am dripping green with envy about your SATC trip!!!!
wouldn't that raise equal treatment claims?
alright... i'll do it, but if you come up behind me, give me fair warning...
wet cheeks, wet gaiter.
I miss you! Hope you're having a splendid
I said awhile back that I didn't think Semin would return to #Caps..but I didn't think he(his agent) would come out and say it..
Is that your sister?
Congratulations, you have just signed up for WHOOZNXT and are eligible to win an amazing list of gigs!
will have a bald patch on his head at 's wedding
season starts march 3th come see mr lockdown him self #40 C
Congratulations!!!! Great game!
who has there own band. You?
Yep!! ": Corey Hart is never again allowed to participate in Spring Training. #brewers"
LOL I love almost every Korean song I listen to.
Come back!
Its official THATcampcbus will be held at Columbus State Community College! More details coming soon. Big thanks to CSCC for the free space!
please check you're dm's
And there's the rain. I sure hope my sunroof is closed :\
I AM SO STARTING THAT FLASH MOB FOR BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE IN HOLMDEL AH<3
Look at that moon!
I'm starting to understand why is such an addictive time waster.
I'm a fan of Inge, and always will be. Period. RT : I know he's polarizing... But I'll miss Brandon
Nice crowd filling up the auditorium for Camilla Wilcox's talk about the #reynoldalandscape!
Just heard the new Game mixtape, it's official, his career is over.
You know it ;) lol
Just realized what my ma said when she came In here talking while I was sleep
Cool! I can get behind that. We are vegetarians.
That is cool(:
Northern Lights, Pink lemonade, Hot cheetos.
haha thanks! I'd happily buy some
We're building a global ent network fam friendly a one stop shop to browse all yo ent needs.www.asfut.com
Do what makes you happy. Be with who makes you smile. Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.~unknown
Sorry for the wonky link!
Long hair looks nice on everyone lol
I can't believe it's taken me this long to follow you! How are you? Hope the dogs are good!
ur one of the greatest remixers/producer/musician! thanks for sharing ur talents with the world and dj community.
I'm sure he could have finished the inning with less problem than Collmenter had. Hmm
for a variety of reasons, i am like 3 weeks behind. and i can't find time to start watching to catch up.
saw that dude running down the street on those things. He almost ate shit haha
I fucking miss
Listening to a lecture on the deterioration of the music business.. Glad I never pursued my dreams of being a professional jazz clarinetist
well thats good!!
Apparently, I like to say umm A LOT.
RT : John F. Kennedy did not accept his presidential salary of $150,000 a year. Instead, he donated it to charity.
Can you work in some treacherous fish? That would be sublime.
I'm about kick your door ! Okay ?
Violets are blue, try a direct dial. Perhaps you'll get a return call ...just wait for a while.
Aww he just got a $1000 poor Mr. Hindsman
get out from my mind please ! hate you so damn much !
Yea he had a poodle too! ": “: This dude is drinking beer with a straw...”GAY!!!"
its morning where you are? :D cool. It's almost 11:00 a.m. where i am (:
I'm going on a limb and say Tony Parker likes this attention.
You should never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option
Can u even name LT for NYG? NE? GB? PIT? Not saying it's unimportant, but 5 players make up Oline, not just 1. Is Matt Kalil a game-changer?
disagree. They'll miss Bogut, but they'll make PO. They won't go deep. PS - live 1/2 of the year in OKC, they win it all.
Spending tomorrow generating positive thoughts, good will, and healing action. The world needs a lot more of that right now. Peace out!
Gooldy nice shout out this AM
you both really know the way to my heart <3
Anything or anyone doing anything for the fight on Saturday?
I hope you're having a great weekend. Thank you for the follows:
5/22 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Neal Brennan
Crawling through glass sounds painful
Show starting. Just saw an old friend.... :-)
This season of How to Make it America is way better than the first one.
I just got my head stuck to a hanger -_-'
Just one more game
I didn't know this either. I hope they keep their cookies!
Can't believe the New Balance 990 is celebrating its 30th anniversary. My dad wore it in the '84 Honolulu Marathon; now favored by hipsters!
Anything worth haveing is worth fighting for
To vote for the #Milwaukee99 People's choice award text the piece number to 22333! Voting ends at 7:30.
Breakfast is usually the hardest meal for most to modify, as we’re a country of toast and cereal-eating junkies
I'M SO MAD ASJDHFURIS
exactly! we have 2 months to get it together. It's also going to help for Halloween. I want my body for josephine
I understand. Important to think about why/why not, and not just jump on bandwagon....
yo man cut that shit out black people win
have fun be safe pengus
If Anthony Bourdain can travel to places around the world JUST for the food...then hell, so can I! :D
I'm pretty sure I just saw a college rugby team do a Subway ad.
Well said!
awesome advice and a bit funny
Brutal day of tearing out our kitchen which was last updated by previous homeowners when they moved in to the 1908 house - in 1960.
Listening to the new Bieber song. I honestly thought it was a Timberlake song. Since when does he actually sound like a man?!?!
It rained?
Teams with elite SB winning QB's... NO, NYG, NE, PIT, GB, DENVER.... Can you believe it!?
There is a teabag in my toilet. Fancy dog?? I live in a weird house.
Thanks so much Jeff. You're too kind.
totally listening to bone thugs on my store's musaak. awesome.
Why are hookers calleed hookers? Find out in GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan Amazon Kindle $2.99 #CivilWar Free to Prime Members.
Turned my alarm off instead of pushing snooze. Whoops. Good thing this final is online.
did I just spot you in Baltimore? If so we want to buy you a beer tonight?
i eat mine with a spoon because im a rebel. (:
yeah most of it was eays but yhe diagrams were confusing
There are some conspiracy theories that are just fun works of fiction. ex. Beyonce and the illuminati.
Darius "wetter than water" Miller.
Just realized we have a prime spot for firework season!
The key to my heart has been found.
Knock knock hello..click clack..BanG! Dont look out the peep hole when dat bell rang
I'm sure there has to be a good book on outlining, can anyone suggest a few?
Warning: instead of cool lit/tech audio essay for class, I may accidentally be producing cheesy infomercial for GPLC/family literacy.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I called my friend and asked for permission to RT his tweet. LOL!
I should be there also
After 4-OT Kansas State gets the win against A&M.
Simple, 60 votes. Obstruction by Republicans.
i ment do u want me or MaryClaire !? Haha but I was joking :)
Icant wait to see ( where the wild thing are) think about it... it took 46 years to make a movie about the best book growing up! Ugh!
thanks for the promo
Really sad to hear of Etta James' passing. I believe she's now at peace... AT LAST.
I think I will do a podcast tonight...nothing heavy..just like my other shows i do..Santorum is messing up the news feed..get out all ready
i really want the summer tour to happen already, so i can meet you, get married, live happily ever after. etc..
. was this before or after you reminded them it was #1?
#ETFs are my fav because, unlike #mutualfunds, they are not often traded. Great way to diversify your porfolio.
Happy Saturday All! We open for lunch today at 11:30:)
Too many, I'm afraid...
Why won't my timeline come up???
GO TO BED! Graduation tomorrow. If you sleep through it, I will never stop taunting you about it!
also shes teaching theater alot all over jersey at universitys n high schools.lol i would die if annie was my HS drama teacher/
Hi Ladies! How are you?! :-)
oh but they are... #onlyinmillard where white folk bitch about everything:)
less than 2 months til #belive comes out! so excited!
2012!!! I made it! This week is completion of CDM's plans for the year. I think whatever the situation, my integrity must stand.
...Except healthy crunch choco delight muesli. I can't find tht anywhre. Do thy still make tht? Will I b able to find it in Jaipur?
MT ": Local vodka, hugs from Paul Bunyan, massages from a nun, half-naked ladies... MHC, can I please move in? #aam2012”
What teen mom? Yes it is returning!
Finished writing my script today. :)
Mondays are terribly unpredictable anyway.
~~ "HAPPY BIRTHDAY" ~~ MILWAUKEE, WISCONSIN, USA ... 166yrs. TODAY.
;) got you back.
How can you expect me to sleep with you if you don't put me on your podcast?
Lmfao yeah it did. I still die everyone
Watched the Five Year Engagement tonight. Really fun comedy wrapped in reality. Loved the need to be alone w her still there.
well I just relized I have way to much and now I really dont trust them
I have some on my lawn :)
How soft my natural hair is>>>
Easter equals three nails, two thieves, and one broken body thank you Jesus for your sacrifice.
you are the best man classic shit. that would the streets apart!
hi check out my music www.kingbabajames.com thank u so much.
Is this still hanging on from GayRomLit?!? Tell it to go away!
you're awesome
Head banging hurts.
TMI? RT : I can no longer keep this twitter account as I have used it as a tool to have adulterous relations with women.
mee too C:
you need to talk to and his work/research in Bullying.
Brewers GM Doug Melvin says team will deal with injuries internally. Admits he talked with Derrek Lee but says that won't happen.
Oh my goodness Ovechkin
There are differences. Would love to chat. Can you email me so we can take this offline?
fuck the world
My friends thinks I have a lot of friends when it's really tweeting lol
#Earthquake in Central #Ohio! My whole building was shaking. Yikes!
thanks man
Welp, I'm screwed. Ha, pun intended. ZING!
Right. Ha. I will! Also, can I use one of your photos on instagram of the Occupy Wall Street? It's for Globalization class.
Cure the winter blues, come on OUT tonight, grab a hot drink & enjoy our new music. We have the brand new Soundtrack to the Pan Am series!
Ron's thinking... Bunt or... ? What else is there?
“: wait a second .. HE'S MY HUSBAND !!! :oD” lol we can share them...at the same time lol
I bet 9875209708795709827049587094387509$ that won´t follow me :(5
I <U+2764> he's going to make millions. "I'll remember that when I'm making records." that a boy Colton. He's gonna prove to everyone.
Yeaah I'm falling so behind...Im losing my motivation and work ethic or whatever...idk, its whatever haha but seriously---
loving #Florida and the #ftboa. got suspended by twitter so I'll have to start again. No big deal
If you makin money then I aint gon participate
#niallwhipshispenis i bet its getting Niall happy ;)
Thanks Michael, I appreciate it! Thank you for the RT!
i hadn't thought of doing it by decade. that's an idea.
Just 5 more mins and I will b out of this boring class! Yay
I'd pull away at the first sign if I thought you were just playing
No one has swagger like them and
MARGARITA. BUT WAIT FOR ME.
#Moebius'spoetrychallengeMotherfuckers sweet beyond sweat, you've another beau, and such talk leads only to expectations, I no longer know.
thanks! I'll look him up.
how can we submit to play mix tape festival?
OK! If you ever need any help searching around the city, we'd love to help you out! :)
In #austin for #atxunscripted - the Austin Motel is definitely my favorite motel ever. Haven't slept this well in weeks!
Oh god and the tears start again
“: lilq824 what! I dont get traded too!! What is this shit!” Trade Nealsy for the Cup-winners' 7th rounder!! :D
California finds toxins in salon nail polishes
I am desperate for the Dem to win this. I don't hate anyone, but I come close with regards to Grover Norquist.
its always done that. Plus, I haven't had any update
Chicago. Where are you?
My dad is kind of stressing me out, I didn't charge my ipod and he wants to take pictures with it.
Its hard to see a lady that gives her body to like 50,000 men.Ur body is suppose to be like a Nobel Peace Prize not change at a supermarket.
This weekend is gonna be fun :3
hmm. its like whatever dns i'm running through just rolled back an hour. wtf?
PEGGY. PEGGY
Drew, would be something. Expensive laundry bill...
Q : What's your favorite color ? A : Blue
OH MY GOD
There is a lot packed into the book Built On Values, it's meant to be a real guidebook for effective organization change.
Hahahahah deleted me from twitter. Its Facebook all over again. My work here is done....
... Yes, but that doesn't preclude looking less-than-stellar sometimes.
have fun in #NYC this weekend! luh you
Perfect holiday give for #academics #professionals: Improve your short proposal (presentation abstract) writing & get that paper accepted!
I'm sure he paid you to say that. haha. JK. I know that big head from way back and he's cool...most of the time ;)
Finally on Facebook
you as well. Stop in the office soon so we can show you what is all about.
Art inspired by electronic gadgets. Oh, the glow. We're at Froelick Gallery on Live @ 7 on KGW.
or the paint color. Because paint is so permanent. Sigh.
Watching Vertigo, Jimmy Stewart is much creepier than I remembered
thanks please follow back
Thank you.
thanks! Right now I have All A's and 1 B! :P
what kind of board?
we are super excited that Alex from the 's H.I.N.T. program will be joining us for a free workshop in May! More info soon!
Add this to the list of reasons we love Baltimore: a standing room only performance of John Cage's Sonatas & Interludes ON VALENTINE'S DAY!
welcome to our Miami office!! We hope you have a great weekend!
I like it when you call me big papa.
Whore, sit down.
I need to figure out this whole twitter thing kind of confusing at first
#FF & Thanks for the mentions!
thanks, Jake/Widen!
I love that with a test-driven approach to development, you get progressively more confident in the code-base instead of scared to touch it.
What are your favorite colors for fall?
We won't ever look as good as we do right now, so let's take another shot, drink another round
Tim Thomas doing his best Braden Holtby impersonation in this one.
you still think you're a witch.
QUOTE OF THE DAY: “Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue...
but that takes the rare combination of honor, integrity and cojones...and some guys just don't have it.
you realize if you would have died in your sleep those would have been your dying words ... And yes I woulda put it on your grave
lol Are u?
listen...i know its tough to tell what a good quesadilla sometimes...but not at taco bell
Yeah buddy. My personal favorite was Coors Light. Or maybe a Lean Pocket.
now you just need to post a damn pic!!
haha clearly this is not my idea
lol thanks community college is more confusing than my university -___-
Just rockin it! Congrats on helping us make the Tweetup a Twitter Trending Topic #lasvegas! Heeeeyo!
Yeah, we'll read em. A few have made there way into the book already.
Going to see #harrypotter DHP2 Today.(: If anyone follows me I follow back.
What are the refs doing? Swallow your whistle and let replay figure it out! --- Know the rules. Muffed punt=dead ball.
The American Cancer Society tells us that roughly one third of all cancers are diet and activity related. The standard call for thirty minu…
Let me know if you need any help.
the biggest hearts often seem most ferocious.
r you still giving away your t-shirts or are they all gone? Cause I got some merchandise on my christmas list:)
OMG Frank Sbotka is on #TheOffice ??!!!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!
What a great day to walk or ride your bike on the Cultural Trail today to get to the Street Food Showdown at City Market from 10-2
imma big fan even though im from Chicago...but I have 2 say DRose is better...sorry... Yhu stil a beast :)
Excited to see speak later at #AZEC11. If u don't read his stuff, do so now.
always a good choice
when are you ever not that guy?
I have 5 minutes to get to work omg
The way talk to girls>>>>>gross-__-
will do!
Is a book review really that hard of an assignment?
welcome Mr. Conaway. they are cheaper too. My trout reel was only 20 bucks.
"Because I'm like young crazy and... Crazier..? (shrugs shoulders)" - ok I'm sorry what??
Pic upload not working obviously.
RT if you voted for London, UK in Austin's Poll!
Caught like 10 lizards in my nearby semi-wilderness area and transplanted them to my yard. Hoping they stay around. I love lizards. No joke.
Wave 'em at them bitches hatinn on youu with they friendss, girll you got it
If I'm walking faster than you're running, you're not running.
#np IM SEXY AND I KNOW IT
Good luck , hopefully I will run into you. Pun intended.
holy fuck! there's affliction shirts for douchettes too?!?
Shit I could've slept for another 30 minutes or so
come back? Uh why would I do that? I haven't even bought my plane tix yet. I suppose I should, to see mi madre y padre.
based on ur tweet i think i got "disingenious" or whatever wrong today:P what's it mean??
I know but this one is scary
It makes no sense to be second in someone's life, when you know you're good enough to be first in someone else's. Know your worth.
Red Hot Chili Peppers >
You always seem to be positive and upbeat. I like people like that.
5 words to describe the early 2000's: denim, fur, and mom jeans.
and if you don't know ... well, he reminded me that we both, in fact, do.
Im driving tomorrow!!
#IF GOD IS WITH ME, IT DON'T MATTER WHO IS AGAINST ME.... MOTIVATON
My life isn't perfect but it does have perfect moments
today I conquered my fear info holding my breath for 30 seconds in 15 degree celsius water
Is Portland done yet? A little under 48 hours till the real game kicks off!!!!
it is , stop denying .
Losing a fight with hail. Badly. WTF Denver? I thought it was spring!
Get Van Gundy
I wonder if you know I have a crush on you.
I blame Bill Curtis. (Actually, I don't, but it's fun to say anyway)
If u want us to believe ur classy... Keep your inner whore INNER!!!
bhalalala where is my summer?
": But this D.J tho -_____- Return of the Mack really???" Must be poppin lol
an iPhone 4 cost way more than $100..lol
howdy ... Thx for follow ... Hope you enjoy the blog!
Scott Disick had a chrome Audi....
I can't wait till Ray bust they eyes wide open
i think, yes. are you?
Nuggets of joy. (cc )
Im not retweeting these things but somehow they end up on my profile -_-
Absolutely not mate
I was gonna surprise you and tell you later I donated. I guess the cats outta the bag lol. How did you know it was me?
the military 1
I love sean, we think so much alike
Finding a bottle of Swagger with a broken nozzle is like winning the lottery. There's no money, but you can still get laid.
Finally, some good economic news! And glimmers of bipartisanship on the bank recovery plan. Can we put the pitchforks and torches away?
hudak is a buzz kill
everyone who applied for special interest housing should have received an email notification yesterday
Good morning from gorgeous Sonoma County!
no it's just that your iPhone is a great autocorrecter ;)
I know I can't wait ;)
Why is everyone so ¦¦¦¦¦ about this ¦¦¦¦?! There's clearly no such thing as ¦¦¦¦¦¦. Everyone really needs to calm the ¦¦¦¦ down.
We are home to fabulous custom accessories as well as a variety of bridal jewelry and One stop shopping!!!
We Will be at #LULAC tomorrow!
The healthiest response to life is joy.
can we PLEASE arrange our crepe party? i'll bring wine....lots of wine. haha
In class: 5% paying attention. 12% playing with a pen. 21% checking people out. 62% daydreaming of what I could be doing if I wasn't here.
“: Is Bruh a word that a white woman should use? #serioustweet” is it a thuggin white woman
Honey Nut Cheerios, they remind me of childhood.
Your protector's coming home, coming home
It was delicious! Made me miss you though. Hope all is well :)
Self realization..I need a safe haven when I come see my babies dont tell me I need rest and u the main one stressing me
Spring break is: Sunny days at a coffee shop...vintage diving...book devouring...pantry reorganizing...family recipe...fun.
Just got assassinated. THANKS
to excited for wango tango! damn i wish was singing :(
500Boyz are looking forward to meeting you real soon :) BLAZE THE STAGE
Favre says he'll make up his mind within the next 11 days. What do you think?
Design internship with Invisible Children this summer.
#Taurus women look at life as ritual so something like cleaning the house or gardening can be an act of devotion.
I haven't tweeted in a year. So here ya go -
hit me up, might go to Tigers game too.
Don't give up.
“: My son needs to be smacked -_-” ~ A smack on his butt not the face, right?
it's weird af but funny
ma house bitch! Lol......I missed you today tho :p I was lookin all over for you aha jk how was you day with yo boo thang?
I think I get where you're going, but we should talk more. Linked Data to the rescue!
what else are you swimming today?
miss you!
Tonight at the Zinc Bar, w 4th St, Made on NY Fest 8pm lead by Sasha w Antoinette,Virginia Mahew 3/29/12 tonight.
omg baby polar bears! so cute!
I understand ppl wanting to end the fight now that rush said he's sorry.. Well I for one grew up watching guys beat the fuk out of my mom...
I'm taking a survey: Has anyone EVER actually recycled an electronic in the past? (i.e. cell phone, nintendo, old tv)
i dont think smith broke they jus talking the nigga let china take 1M away for missin practise a broke nigga would never
There's somethin' about a truck in a farmers field
thats why your grandma gets bullied at bingo night
I agree. The meatballs are ok. What do you think about the prices? I wish it were more casual, takeout or just buy at counter.
“: Why do you give? Answer the question: #WHYiGIve - Join us tonight at 8pm-EST. U share and we #RETWEET your response!”
There is nothing more indicative of poor leadership than union decertification. Show Americold workers we support them. Demand a contract!
has oficallly made me want to go #cone-ing :) ur video was hilarious ! :D <3
Lily is headed into surgery now.
no no no stop crying bye
Am I supposed to bring a baseball shirt for #mladla12 ? Have many shirts to choose from
oh my goodness!! wow!
Good morning, have a blessed day.
Just watched The Hunger Games.
RIP Vidal Sassoon
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Animal, Cannibal, The Fame, The Fame Monster, Born This Way, Teenage Dream, Stronger, Perfectionist, LOUD
WOW! Loved the yummy sandwiches! Thank you! Adam, Michael and Mary!
what happened to your car? Oh and I love knowing about my snow button.
Good Morning! Have a nice Wednesday!
Suddenly wide awake. Seems my brain's decided it's time to get to work. Then there's the middle of the night craving....man, I love food!
The cauliflower currently steaming in my kitchen smells SO DELICIOUS. Can't wait to dig in! #foodnerd #lovesveggies <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
One hour until the Ginko party begins
did you get my package?
I work till 930. I would require it delivered please.
What I wouldn't give for a couple of cold Coronas right now.
JASON I LOVE YOU
Fuel-saving technologies include a two-speed fuel pump, Aggressive Deceleration Fuel Shut-Off (ADFSO), and optimized transmission on the MKT
Cue caffeine crash.
Miroslav Volf - pluralism in public fails because we fear each other, rather than a healthy fear of God.
Hello,where are you from?
you already know what's up ;)
If the Clough Commons is too crowded for you, there's plenty of room over here.
A #creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the #desire to beat others. ~Ayn Rand
Check out this new free resource to help parents of children with autism encourage good oral healthcare: www.healthysmilesforautism.org/
Hi ; thanks for the follow. Like the enso on your "Board of Your Life Kit"! Very cool!
- sounds like cheap labor
we i was fukkn telln u
Just talked to my pastor about some God-related "kinks" I gotta work out. Thankful for his time + that I don't have that job!
He might hit a ton, but Bryce Harper looks like a total tool.
It's nice to have some of the heart back in the lineup tonight.
There's ALWAYS someone younger and hungrier coming down the stairs after you :)
You can't sneak anything past me.
Nope, no way. I'm not denying his talent he's just not who I want representing my organization.
already following the homie good looking though
Thanks Hannah!
#nationalbestfriendday Spent it with both of them :)
Paul the wine guy
ODOT talking about their toolbox. Using the right tool for the job. I think they could use a jack hammer and get a lot done.
damn you're missing out.
Zack and Cody graduated, Andy gave away his toys, Hannah told her secret, Phil went back to the future. My childhood is officially over.
how am I trying to scare you. All I said was I'm talking to you tomorrow. That's not scary...?
Cant wait till the #NSNfancut (: Its gonna be
We like that idea too. True multi-touch opens the door to transformative interactions
I want a mich ultra - cactus lime, stat!
I read the blogs about dating and people post there questions about dating, all other people do is slam them
TY! RT : Great choice for that spot!! : #ClintEastwood rocks the screen.”
if it mirrors that, neither would my fantasy teams...... this year I have more busts than a Big Naturals DVD.
Thanks! RT I'll be talking about lobotomy photographs and today at noon in S423. //Callaway S423, that is.
What are you wearing today? Are you celebrating Cinco de Mayo?
Beautiful day in Denver! Time to hit the gym. I refused to go last night so my husband said we're staying longer today <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
starting in on a 4 hour video review of Con Law 2 - wish me luck.
That's on my to-see list at SIFF, so I'll try to make it on the 5/23 screening. Will you be there?
G*^ D$#% i love the black keys
Thanks for being you, John, and helping people talk about it.
Nice weather brings out the recumbent cyclists in Austin. I've yet to see one that isn't helmed by a smug-looking, bearded 50 year old.
Thanks for all the #FF love today! We very much appreciate the support.
But of course I did! Excited to hear the results. Good luck!
watching season 4 of The Wire. Time consuming. Will show up for round 2.
I just hope these pics don't show up as my faves. (And really folks, it's not about the stories)
the real housewives of any city are ridiculous!
#What's your Beatles #1? Till There Was You- From Me To You- Little Child- Back In The U.S.S.R.- Ticket To Ride-I Want To Hold Your Hand(2)
Is it gettin' real in the parking lot?
Terrell Suggs is out for the year! Good start to my day!
lookin good buddy. i'm ready to go.
So not emotionally prepared for this haircut today.
#VMA superbass!!!!!! or the show goes on :D
my bad aiite well catch up
Thanks again - let me know if you ever want to "guest post" You bet, great content on your blog!
We had fun Tuesday at wolfs crossing school for american education day the kids were inspired by our work,fun,and games
This is the stupidest thing I've ever read.": Bulls live to see Game 6. Any chance DRose will be available for that one?"
If I feel like this tomorrow, i'm freakin going to school in a Sweatshirt, Pants and shoes. Ugh.
Tuesday will be good. Dang it! Now I'm drooling on my keyboard thinking about duck fat fries - nom nom! 12:30
like really...this is great.
the correct question is "why are you up this late?" As for the answer to that question, I can't sleep and have to be up at 8:30 Yay
Set-up and ready to take the stage @ BILLY'S ICE in New Braunfels, TX for "New Artist Audition" night with the NEW BAND : 'FretWire' *<];•}$
das rite \hi stay hood
Josh doesn't want me to tell you how many books he bought at AWP, but let's just say it was 125 books.
Congrats fellow Knight Fellows!
Its just that some people r saying they will dance to E.t but then others r saying TeenaGE Dream Im confused!
Yes please would love to see it
Happy birthday :---)
What the frick is it gonna take for fans to realize this team is for real and they should get their butts to the ballpark???
so odd..he's like 30 years old too
Nice joke.
boo.....lol lets see if you remember me -.-
...seriously...they pay you to do that sweet job??? Well done, sir, and love every minute!
How about burrito bites! RT : RT : Q2 #Foodiechats What is your favorite appetizer at a Dinner Party?
Learning I can not trust everyone only God!
I think they are using a slight variation of the Abercrombie business model.
We're listening to deputy editor Bret Stephens on "The Future of Capitalism" w/ City Club of San Diego
promise that will not end well. lol.
Some friends were destine 2 be free loaders always wanna play the pick & roll game like Stockston & Malone but I ain't the one 2 assist
look at you w/ your new twit pic:)
get in there peeps. #funny “: #Community ALL NEW 2night! 3 episodes! Watch & we INSIST on doing a 4th Season! #TheFallofChang”
watcha up to?
Clint Dempsey scores on a great play by Jozy. Clint is the 4th US player to ever score against Italy.
State Attorney General will not review evidence in Rebecca Zahau suicide case.
Ahh, well at least we can hang out this summer then!
A good day to re-read the Little House books!
Don't forget, we leave for tour this Friday with THROUGH ARTERIES to hit up all the Texas hot spots. Don't forget to come see us in action!
Oh I've only been 21 for almost a month now and I'm FINALLY going out!! hello #summerbreak!!
Well I guess I should go to school tomorrow since I haven't been in like 2 weeks lol
Dude fuck this
Live out of your imagination rather than your memory
Auburn Wednesday, Atlanta Saturday!!
Run around,talking down, I'm playing games, nigga die
: Telephone poles at sunset "liked" by Pinterest. Whoa. Live humans at Pinterest? ://pinterest.com/pin/235805730459278212/
Hot Af outside
guys can be bitches too...
That's probably true. Lol
Red dots, chop chop I see dead people!
So long, gay boys
Tomorrow, SDSU Vs. Long Beach State basketball game. Then trolley to the Q for the football game Vs. #10 Boise state. Go Aztecs!
Launch of The Other next Wed. 21 and up. Red carpet attire. Food/drinks provided. Fashion.art.music.dance RSVP:
Nice to see more legitimate advertisers online. Yahoo seems to have fewer "buy our miracle cream" or "lose 100 lbs in a week" ads.
If Michigan could improve on defense they would prolly be pretty Damn good!
I wonder what you're doing imagine where you are there's oceans in between us but that's not very far..
What really makes people different
or, better yet, help build the research tool
68 items for $30 if you count the box, sharpener and hug.
Welcome to our 1,000th follower!
Happy National Cupcake Day to our very own baker m m m!!!
Hi Ronnie, with all the coverage I would say the NH restaurant would ban politicians!
Guess who gets to define 100 vocab words on paper for 40 bonus points in Psychology.
So much for that. Looks like Tony Bennett and Virginia are coming to the Kohl Center. Should be a fun one.
Thanks for the follows!
wake up, we both need to wake up. maybe if we face up, to this, we can make it through this. closer.. maybe we'll be closer...
excuse you.
An informed public...who'da thunk it.
Define Cheesey; When people follow us, then unfollow us when we follow them back to boost their numbers.
If I had a button that if pressed, would kill everyone but also turn all of the pretzels in this ice cream into cookie dough, you'd be dead.
<U+E42B>Congratulations to Floyd Little on being inducted into the HOF!<U+E42B>
Watching Mike Brown try and coach the Lakers is hilarious. "They're coming like a bat outta hell..." No, really?
U know what's weird I've never tried red bull or any energy drink I'm not kidding
Cooling off with a tasty Hopslam.
Can't wait for on 10th & Wells tomorrow!
Only 1 more like to hit 4,000. Share this post with your friends!
LOVE that signing!
will do! -CV
Cyberbully is so awfully hilarious
Recording all night long baby:)!
Damn this jawn crazy
not sure, maybe tequila
NeoNatural Glass Art Exhibit runs Jan 21-Mar18 in the conservatory. Glass artists from Ball State & Anderson Univ. $3
Get twitter world!!!!!!!!
Hey Cliff!! Will ya be doing any autograph signings in the NY area soon? Would love to meet you and get an autographed ball.
can I have UR pin ?
OMG! I feel even worse today!
We follow you now! RnR!
whatd you think of the flick? Hope you enjoyed it!
A bit of advice my friends; never, ever use 12345 as a password for anything.
S.S.&S. complete. Sailors know what that is. Joining a high school chum at #Majerles to hopefully watch the #Seahawks win tonight.
#ibmimpact Quick fact: $5 trillion of apps run on IBM systems. Wow.
yes yes . #JustLikeTHAT . these nigga claim they real or a man .. but still act like a boy
Finally, my patience has paid off. :D
ugh ! just got done to thank goodness !
Finally going to see Harry Potter! We'll see how it is!
Back in California!
meet my mom
We got a cool show coming up on friday, and then again on saturday.
not hologram apparently; projection on a scrim
Thanks for the follow!
Minnesota you suck. Not as much as ohio tho!
Ann Boyer seems to be articulating a concept of community as simultaneously impossible and necessary.
Is it a local site or on the InterWebz? Can I take a look?
Tonight's the night! Come out at 6:00 pm and meet Memphis' own Jennifer Chandler for the first book signing of "Simply Grilling"!
call when here. Will be out an about.
please add me.
Platinum trophy in #skyrim. That took a looonnnnngg time
hey josie (x
How about this to make my millions....wait for it, wait for it....that damn dog upstairs won't shut up...what was I saying?
We can help with that! Email us at , looking forward to your message!
ATTENTION ALL MAHOMIES:: GET TO NUMBER ONE ON KEEK!!!
I'm staying home today, yaaaay c:
"to die would be an awfully big adventure"
hey! yeah Im playing Hotel Cafe this Saturday night at midnight! wanna come???
you know what i do when twitter gets ridiculous? log off....
The smartest people I knew in college went to work for investment banks - how are they making SO MANY terrible decisions??
You take my bad days and turn them into one of my best days.
thank you so much. I am working on your stuff now.
Was blasting Mercy by Kanye till I realized I had a priest staying in the next room...
One day imma be livin' in Hollywood&have my own Hollywood star:))how i wish tht day could be just around the corner:\
Leslie Ryan & students from New School of #Architecture toured our #greenroof, #livingwalls & #rainwater harvesting systems today - fun!
#Piouscelebrity quote: What we have here is your failure to Downsize! Go Riverboys.
Yeah, we do. And Chicago to stay or to visit?
Went MI-3...not great...shoulda listened to and
It's low key annoying when I log on FB and see the same person in my timeline EVERYTIME. Like they're the only one on FB :((
I'm telling you, fuck that moment! Happened twice this week and i was like...oh man, so close. Gotta control that knife more lol
Tuesday's Lucy: Lucy was born a brunette
That's what I said, as I watched Epi. 3 today. So good. “: o this show is good!!!! #scandal”
My 2 Fav #libraryschool classes: Resources for Young Adults and Programming.
Anna Froula: to combat culture fears, WWII women had to present themselves as eye candy for fighting men, not fighters themselves
Picking up my new car @ Watertown ford
Rt if you hate when people ask questions they know the answer to
why does look miserable? Is it because he is sitting next to or bc he's not next to
C'mon i want an NBA season:( dont look like it though!
Time to start the dinner.
Ima have to slide through Tessa once I leave this gig DT
wats up are you a magazine editor/writer?
me too:/ but I would be so happy if you followed me!!:) Just a thought even though you wOnt:/
"If he hits it to right field, he hits Brooklyn." "Not if he hits it to center field, then he hits Mount Vernon."
RATE GAME! tweet me a number.
Good game..!
the article by Chris was great... I need to make it out next summer. Happy Holidays!
Such a tease. had cell service in Cleveland Park & Woodley Park stations earlier this week but now it's gone.
GO BAND :)
Goodnight everyone
BEST, definitely.
oh yeah I know!!
I love Kobe.
I don't really care he is potbelly guilty
I can respect that, good for you.
i swear i stay so throwed, on an hourly basis
We got the COOLEST mini rubber speaker for iPhone from at this week!
how can you tell if a blonde has been playing with your computer? the joystick will be all wet! bring that joystick over here and lets play!
Lol people will like what everyone else likes.
the 4 went down the shitter! And man u have no idea, it lags when I type a text!
Aside from Cebu City Mayor Michael Rama, the stories of Cebu Daily News on the ... valuable real estate in Cebu City from his grandfa...
“: "He is risen! He is risen indeed!"”
Grabbing the very last pair of jordans or foamposites
have I mentioned your twitter pic is great
looking to do what I did to you to someone else?
I reckon moonshine.
We should know very soon. We've got it down to two guys.
Maybe Lebron is more of a comeback dude than the kind that's good at holding leads? .....Anyone?
Their fans are the best in the NBA cause its the only thing to do there. That's why Hartford would be a good place.
What's everyone doing on this beautiful Winter day?
What game could it be? :P
What have I gotten myself into? Kidnapped
So...what's your favorite metal band?
: gotta give some love to Bo Jackson don't ya?
Bittersweet feeling... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><U+263A><U+2764>
<---SHE RIDE ____ SO GOOD:-)
We made it through Irene! Time to show it!
- agreed about the iPhone! My last Bberry really can't hold a candle. Candle app or otherwise, that is! :)
I'd never wear tights as pants. But sometimes I wear leggings with a shirt that doesn't cover my butt and I'm ok with that.
has the recipe for success that I am looking for . Could definitely learn from her!
if u got dope beats and want to be paid!!!! ASAP send em this way
On 3 way ctfu bout everything..
See, and they say nothing good comes out of twitter. Pffft.
I'm looking for a good website designer that can do customized wordpress blogs/site. Any LA suggestions?
howd u do today?
We have declared this year the year of women's empowerment. Women and women's businesses have to be empowered - Sanusi
Hey check us out man :)
I can't wait for tomorrow! Palmer vs. Doherty is goin' down at the world arena!!
Came ready with my sweater! Always hot in winter, cold in summer. RT My god the newsroom is freezing. I will be cranky today.
It's a wrap! Favorite memories from #NSF2012?
Thanks for the tip! I think I'll head there.
I have to stop saying: "How stupid can you be?" I think people are taking it as a challenge
I missed your presentation, is there anyway I could learn more about your talk? Was it recorded?
Hey Danny Hayes!! Thanks for being so sweet to Fat Fancy!! Sending sweetness your way!!!
especially music
What does your shirt say Ro?
grad schools?
Just started thinking "What if the Penguins had Hartnell...." and then I got the urge to shoot myself. Sound like a plan?
Thank you for making TradHome issue so fantastic!
let's see what Yu has.....
20 years still going strong! Magic Johnson most have the good man on his side. Hope you make it another 20 years+
RT : Dont forget follow to win an iPod Touch when we reach 5,000 followers
They might, due to the Coriolis effect...
lol what I do?!
I may only be limited to one, but I'd be happy to shred it for you. :)
#mysuperpower IS EVERY ANIME CHARACTERS POWER ....THATS POWER!
yeah I regret not going lol
#pirates no longer in last place!
Thanks for following, look forward to your tweets! #donate Home of the
Almost cried about pants this morning, I am an emotional wreck<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Conservators at the Walters designed methods and cases to preserve Archimedes. I no longer have the coolest job in the world.
How I met your mother
Hopefully today goes by fast :l
no need to thank me :) its alright<U+2665>
"It's the bam nigga red"
Now THAT I'd like to see! Mother-daughter drunk faces!
Wow now I got 100 followers in literally 5 minutes no joke
The other guys #To damn funny
The way you started loving her is the way she should always be loved.
is sexy
send a "someone is spreading nasty rumors about u" DM, I UNFOLLOW. You're NOT getting "hacked", you're carelessly giving away your password.
congrats! I'm proud to be your colleague!
you didn't tweet anything
Limits Exist Only In The Mind - #Typography #summer #tank 25% OFF - Discount code 'DOGDAYS' bit.ly/k5rDA7
nice!! :) RT : Crazy excited! A little less than three weeks from getting our four new Eco-friendly vehicles delivered! Woo!
Oh no! I didn't know about that...I sure hope you're mending fully and nicely. Things are great here. Almost Christmas break.
Excited to welcome Elements, an amazing shoppe, and Karol Gugino to our Plaza. Let's go 2012!
going to head out too this car show for a bit
I don't even think or could get me out of this mood -_-
It looks another gray day with a few isolated showers.
I love ! Nice meeting u! See u in chicago!
Goldman neutral on $AMZN heading into earnings, despite above consensus Kindle/Fire sales. Will be interesting to see on Tuesday!
*Draping my arm over ’s shoulder, leading her towards the water* Neither can I. *Kissing the top of her head*
Cycling is the greatest show of endurance, skill, and manliness on the planet. Get on board.
y'all special
makes my heart pitter patter
Ooohh....where are you? That was the one thing missing from our VT trip, ice cream.
Client told ad approval would take 3-5 business days. I called my team at Google. Ads are live today. Magic.
looking forward to a great last panel on sustainable broadband adoption in Cleveland
Hey everyone follow !
Pompa: the notion of high expectations is missing from this bill. There are no achievement standards, but targets are essential.
Were you aware? RT NASA is hiring astronauts! "Frequent travel may be required." Read the job description and... apply?
Up in the am ..MORE MONEY MORE HATERS....
how does a 16 year old know how to do that? I'm perplexed and apparently inexperienced by those standards
Good to look @
you guys are too cute <U+2764>
Anyone else think #thebachelor looks like he's related to ?
Wtf my mom beat me at table air hockey :O
Honoring Indiana Landmarks Volunteers tonight for over 6000 hours of service. We couldn't do our work without them!
nigga u on doe
No way the clips just cut a 27 point lead to 3
OXYGEN | Cure For Illness
man I hope it wasn't the Michael Jackson edition!
Everything reminds me of you.
also, if you want to splurge try The Colonial Estate-Exile from '05 or '06, amazing Barossa Shiraz.
We're getting so many great responses to our "what's your favorite childhood book series?" Have you tweeted us back yet?!
Here's a tip (and just the tip) from one of our top commenters, Link: "Watch out for Trojan Whores today."
I need my retirement to pay to kick my addiction to
There's still two games left in this series...could get U-G-L-Y.
well...10000!!! lol...U are now in the bonus round...who was our tallest Prez?? I'll be waiting 4 ur answer
what's up ppl you knw how we do. gotta K.I.M. I got big plans for my life, so i gotta get out there and make move, and get this shit poppin
You know it's cold in your office whe you find yourself clutching paper hot from the printer to warm your hands.
Billy Courtney - my reading teacher, football/basketball coach, and chess coach! featured in
take your time baby, ooh you the bomb baby. ooh you're doin' that even better than your mom lady.
ican't wait to see the music video for #SoListen !!!! its probally gonna be full or #SWAG and be super #classy =)
Third time in 2 days someone has wished me a Happy Mother's Day. Do you guys know something I don't?
Can't believe GE and Wylie lost
Definitely not the risk everyone is talking about. But it is out there.
All my music just deleted on my itouch...I'm fucked!
Lollipops star!
As a #hairstylist, the best part of the job is making people feel good. Just go above & beyond to make them happy!
#theawkwardmomentwhen you know everyone at the orthodontists except fro the kid from pius ...
It will be great to run the Green Bay marathon mid May, especially with the finish in Lambeau field. Can we tag the SB trophy at the end ?
If I wasn't married.....
I'm so close to just saying fuck everything and stay in new york!! But then I can't leave my clothes and my daughter in atlanta!!
@ charlotte, leaden steps
If it wasn't for date rape I wouldn't get laid.
There is no such thing as failure when you're talking about running 40 miles.
If you can't go to Coachella, send coworkers who are off with a detailed breakdown of the schedule. Have fun and !
tell me more
Me and my job have a love/hate relationship.
The Melismatics hit the "stage" at the 806 in Amarillo, TX tonight at 9PM.
Nice choices! Too many great ones...not enough for one tweet lol. Highway 61 and Exile are up there for me too.
Bills could have gotten Mallet, but no that organization sucks too much to see talent when its right in front of their faces
amen to that! Brady & teammates made mince meat out all the Tim T talk! Pats are looking amazing & unstoppable!
You're invited to “Cracking the Code: Business Technology”, a half-day seminar hosted by & Comcast Business Class on Thurs, Aug. 18
And made several vital tackles
Nice mustache tattoo on your finger.
"Zappos for historical shoes" 1st Russian Virtual Shoe Museum via blog post. Two of my favorite things: #shoes +
I don't think homophobes realise that homosexuals are born from heterosexual parents. (Most of the time).
202 arizona womans magazine did an awesome story on me. "I didn't realize how nice this magazine was and it's a Free magazine for the public
Without you, tomorrow wouldn't be worth the wait & yesterday wouldn't be worth remembering.
GEEZ...My nerves are shot in this great game. Lakers by 1 with 2 minutes to go.. Come on Clips
no prob bro!
Trying to get folks to focus on engagement-based metrics rather than likes is kinda like herding cats
got skool in the morning grr dnt wanna go =[!!!
If everyone wants the same thing.. It will soon loose its value
It's always time for burgers
Follow My Nigga
How do you determine who needs to lead and what does the perfect leader look like for a project?
If I say its DOPE, I really feel that way, Ill never say that for something I truly dnt like bELIEVE DAT!!! no bias Music 1st
Can't wait for spring break in 2 weeks. Gotta kill these next two weeks to finish strong. Let's go!!! Ball so hard
Came true but in the end im just like you
RT Tried a new craft beer this wknd from in Tpa. Remember that name, like that's possible, this 1 is a winner!
ok lemme pack my maleta maybe she'd come faster
I would and will wait for you...
The truth will set you free.
Great find ! We agree with 1. Augmented reality is changing the way we interact with our mobile device & the world around us
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay Can gays as a community every defuse misconceptions about us when we have them about our very own as well?
bored,bored,bored...
... "Drink more water! Drink an 8 oz glass of (filtered) water, 8-10 times per day, or MORE." Your Weight-Loss Coach
Book an #event in #2011 over $1,500 and rec. a comp. #happyhour in 2012 of equal or lesser value. #sandiego .
I can't believe I've never seen 'Ricky Gervais Meets...Larry David' and 'Ricky Gervais Meets... '
I thank God that I Am not basic.....
Happy Nurses Week to all the nurses out there
Yay!! New Short, New Play, more auditions what a day!!!
I think our keyboardist would second you on that.
In central London running a treasure hunt-had forgotten just how beautiful & amazing my city of birth was :-)
QUICK SHUTOUT!
RT : My chinese friend died last week. So Yung.
Its with that girl,, what's her name. Cymphonqe i think that's how you spelled it. I seen the previews.
oh my gosh!! Did he graduate??
Inaction cannot exist with true prayer.
I have an empty feeling watching tthis game.
The next Girls Day will include face painting (by Big Grins Face Painting!), kite making, games and a picnic on the National Mall! :)
Just puked everywhere yep. awesome.
Good morning Twitter world! What happened to Fall? Now we have Winter! Man is it cold here in MInnesota! Happy Criminal Minds Wed!
Can't wait! / MT : Back from the society for the study of midwestern literature conference. Next up Exciting summer!
My only complaint with the Avengers is that I wish they could have stuck closer to the original Hawkeye and used the Ultimate Marvel style.
When I get a Lambo one day you can ride in it just so you can ask me "Do you RUB yo Leatha!" lol
Purdue or IU, that is the question
Good morning!
Thanks for the repost and sorry for the late response. I am horrible at keeping up with twitter.
I took a huge gulp of Theraflu & almost died from how hot it was.
I forgot :P
YEAH thank you!
I ride my bike to work often & I see cars fly by me a little to close & most are messing with their damn phones.
Two new songs, almost done!
": I have the ability to forget somebody name .1346 seconds after they tell me...smh"I think it's cause people suck as a whole
there's not a way fans can get your phone # right? I think I saw a tweet where someone said she texted you lol
all those commercials are badass!
yes you do, admit it.
if snowmen came to life that would be creppy,if santa calus snuck in my house that would be creepy. mwuahhahahahahamhahaha!! >:D
"French it up"
“: A blue whale's penis is between 15-20 feet long.”
has a date with his Golden Girls box set this weekend, this will happen for real.
yeah shes gonna come anyways just sayinnn
Hope I don't need aa <U+2602> 2ma (:
And put air in my tire
Rachel World is filled with anything and everything!!!!!
Good! working hard @ da studio
Congrats to my roommate's boss, Mr. Phil Stockton aka Mr. "I want thank everyone born" lol for his Oscar win for best sound editing!
good morning Jess
Time to take Ivan Nova out and bring in Mariano Rivera.
(KJB al day real
I need to listen to Price way more often
My oldest is Independent & voted for Obama in 08'. Gay marriage deal has pushed him to Romney. Winds are a changin!
Payphone = amazing song!
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
Scary whetstone kids are taking over chipolte!
It seems to be agreed that it's difficult to define your new work. The innovation doesn't necessarily fit in a category
Indy local media: I'll see your 11pm interview w/ Andrew Luck & raise you 6pm, now 5pm, 4pm, now Noon. Someone now cuts into Price is Right
It's a wrap (day 2); I think we made you proud!
I just wish I could support him as much as I'd like to :^(
Whoever controls the media, the images, controls the culture. -- Allen Ginsberg
This article is by Peter Linett, of Slover-Linett Strategies, not by me. That said, I concur! ;-)
thanks for following us.
Ramona is annoying, why isn't her husband on this season @ all
I STEP INTO THE CLUB THE HATERS TURN AROUND MY MIDDLE FINGERS UP MAN IM JUST GETTIN DOWN- <3
*hug* thank you.
A4: Leaders of #HRtech startups need to stay focussed on listening to user feedback. UX can make or break a startup, esp in HR
You just might! Song choice and make me believe he is feeling the words in the song. Show me the man in Mann. lol
HARRY POTTER AH!!!
I don't know you and don't want to so fuck you and yo folks.
Last day of WiMAX Forum Congress Americas - Keynotes this morning are focused on Consumer Electronics!
thanks so much...glad to be a part of the great things God is doing in the world through others.
Who is the best foreign band you have ever heard?
maybe they broke something and needed to clean up the glass...they may be rude but everyone still deserves benefit of doubt
Yes! I'm so happy!! Hope you are great, Desmon!
become a friend and follow us on facebook for more updated information www.myvegaspeople.com
": No lol. I'd hurt my everything. I'm on the floor for most of it." EL OH EL!!!! Okay so in the fitness room
It's always weird to have arguments on Facebook where people Like button certain comments to make it feel a score is being kept.
the same haha
Don't congressional pledges not to tax/spend abrogate a moral responsibility to compromise?~Don
The holidays have arrived at Saxbys! With so many different cultures swirling about Newark, what do YOU celebrate?
Thanks for the retweet.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!! May the luck of the Irish be with you.
lol are you serious
So yeah, fox & husband on fire, apparently coming to you this october.
yeah, March issue p.69 - Review by Peter Duffie
Billy Crystal was not pulling punches last night
When you see other coastline states with their coasts covered with condos, you'll really appreciate the Oregon Coast!
In da lab wit &amp; When da homie say "ADG HARD ON DEM TRACKS MANE" he mean dat! Holiday in 187 Mode!
And and everyone else who can fit in the character limit!
Glad you liked it! I adore poetry/writing prompts mostly because they usually work for me!
" I tell her bring it back like a DVR " ..... word to
well it's out there know lol
Hey #medlibs - any women's or reproductive health topics you'd like searching advice on? Thinking about some column topics.
CA League of Conservation Voters is presenting district maps
Gave #fyc Honors students choice to pick any comm/writing area to research. 1/4 chose #medrhet - Is it the premed or just popularity?
Playing marvel 3 for the first time in 5 months and playing with a stick for the first time at gemini was embarasing. I need to train.
fact. I don't get it.
Happy Friday the 13th!
Mention within the next hour and have a tweet dedicated just for you <3 www.TheSlidersMusic.com
part of the writers block is I want to make sure that it is respectful and actuate for soldiers and want some to read it...
Off to play ball I scored 4 yesterday today will be more difficult but I'm in #RVP form..
Seen the Broadway Play "Clybourne Park" and it was excellent
ewwww my dog farted.
Nice running into you at La Reve today, Happy Holidays!
BE RIGHT BACK .. LESSON.
Hey Ladd, Thank you for the follow :)
10 cops showed up and took Hardy away in handcuffs anyway. Police tell us they were just doing their job...
happy valentines day . <U+2764>
I found out that prefers breathing with her mouth.
my followers are going down :( #teamfollowback help me out
I have officially missed my flight to Paris.
Love is like the five loaves and two fishes. It doesn't multiply until you give it away. -Author Unknown
I am sorry. Jews call this anniversary "yahrzeit." I hope your remembering is full of light.
Of course
Baby boy Beno (notice 3rd person) gotta eat! *Vegas Promotions coming up biatchhhhh! *Mels on Hollywood & Highland Let's go!
Thanks for the RT!
Temporarily lacking purpose. TLP.
Ahh! You did it again! Ahaha, it's cool(:
so THAT's why I couldn't get a res on Open Table tonight... good thing I check Twitter! #i'llbeback
hmm... isn't that on facebook?
Huh? LA Kings dethrone last year's finalists Vancouver Canucks in OT of game 6....
Sorry I haven't been on! School makes it hard to get online on weekdays. Whats up everyone? :)
Check in on Jeff Gillooly as well.
Nice! Good luck! Did you read that recent piece about it?
Insider News! Madonna teaming up with Tom Petty& Aretha Franklin for surprise onstage ORGY for Super Bowl show!
Thats 1 ignorant ass little girl..shed rather be known for being negative she think that shit cute smh
That's awesome!! Which show are you attending?
How stupid is the AD of UCLA to announce his first choice without any tentative agreement. 2nd place guy is leftover
Design Tip: Select carpet that fits your needs. Will it be used a lot or infrequently? www.cliointeriordesign.com
#IfItWasUpToMe I'd Throw the #BBCOR's out and bring back
Ah new phone
I always wonder about supposed professionals who don't reply to your emails or answer your phone messages when you want a simple Y/N answer.
you read what you get and you don't get upset!
Words that send a chill down my back. "What I think would look really good is..."
sat night 2am at Tip's just got even better! Theryl "Houseman" De'clouet is coming to sit in! And we have fred wesley and leo nocentelli!
Today wasn't that bad.
You both aren't here && we have a sub :/
"The journey is more important than the end or the start." -Linkin Park
lol good working ready to get back to hillsborough county
please please go follow it would mean so much to her! x
lol love you bitchass(: and actually tell mama desantis hi :D
We are up and running on Twitter!
how do you think signing Peyton would affect your production?
President Emeritus and Trinity Alumnus Dr. John Silber shares love of Jazz with current Pres. Dennis
Bruh I'm hate not having a car..... I wanna go home
Compared DPA to SM81 on Piano. Liked 4061's best with the lid down. 4061's or 4099's with the lid up. Dang they sound nice.
But close up a world's all dirt and rocks
Bait, traps, entry routes, A/B testing, bug powder, goddamnit I can't stop thinking about it.
#RizzleIzDaBestedt #RizzleKicks playing in the US. But, only on my headphones.
Are your kids "bored" again today? Give them a holiday badge to rewards good behavior - Santa is coming soon!...
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 20
Are you fucking kidding me?!?
Remember John Stamos (Uncle Jessie) on the drums??
Merry Christmas!! Have a safe day.
Super busy at work :-/
#SupportStartUps by following - your prime source for going out!
Sow your wild oats on Saturday night; then on Sunday, pray for crop failure.
I really despise my iPhone.
this really made me want cookies, so I made some peanut butter and coffee cookies!
it's all good
Hitchcock: “Fear isn’t so difficult to understand..nothing's changed since Little Red Riding Hood/big, bad wolf...just a different wolf."
S/O to FIJI for their win in pudding wrestling! Racking up those win this week!
This Ken Burns doc about Prohibition is pretty awesome.
Hey Chuck. Just checked my dm account and found about 200 messages. Weather lousy & Can't get out of the driveway w 1' of snow
I'm sorry I'm not a stalker therefore I don't go through ur page sir ... lose dah tude :-p
omg this is so old. We were so cute <3
Bush II and Clinton held same position and they were both re-elected... Just sayin'
Our heart and love goes out to Amy Winehouse and her family. She was an amazing soulful artists who talents were cut short too soon.
I need a rubber band. Aversion therapy always works for me.
i love a language's evolution but the newish use of "sticky" in marketing is for me too evocative of mucinex commercials.
In England this week but all concentration on the Giants. Must bloody #beatla WeBeGreater.com
You're a slow biker.
a late thank-you - I'll take "rocking"! :)
hi to you to gorgeous, your hot
What's inspiring your style today? The weather? Spring trends? Music?
Getting ready to hit planet fitness
y u dont go to bed lol
if is donkey...Whos shrek?! maybe paint paul in green...he'd make a really cool shrek. hahaha! .x
Heavy moves are literally around the corner... Can't wait to close this door and step into the one that just opened.
Wealth Matters: Is That a Real Motherwell? Better Make Sure Before Buying
And a surprise visit by mark wahlberg!
it's cold out and i'm watching my favorite movie snuggled on a couch with a glass of milk and a whole pack of oreos to myself.
hahah, happy to hear you appreciate our packing skillz. we were ninjas, but i like MASTERS with capitals better. :>)
We'll be doing more than our normal share of fancy restaurant-eatin' this week in honor of my boy's first birthday on Wednesday.
The #Weinergate denouement by press conference. Didn't know HOW it would happen just that it would. We're doing #myfox9 again tonight.
I just registered for my final semester at this lovely school, and my MTSU application has been shipped off for review (again)! Happy days!
We hope you all have a great 4th of July weekend! Get out there and play some golf!
Senior Citizens Attend Forum Held By Assemblywoman
Hard to believe both were "cool". I just saw a comedian say it was because both those were _white ppl drugs :) so ok
- thanks for following #lifevineworks! we care about
“: #MoneyTeam all day!!!” Fight night tonight! #CincoDeMayo! Have a great day!!
Acting lesson last night. Need to practice my monologue.
Tweet of the Day! RT : Varitek: "The hardest thing to do is to walk away from your teammates." Um, 98 Degrees begs to differ.
thinks your beautiful. <3
should of been on the cover of Madden 13..
Because Thor and Loki are just so Bob and Sue?
Me: How old are you? Random Guys: 17. Me: Oh that's still legal. *Walk away*
Ron Paul definitely doesn't support Communism or Radical leftism - don't know if you ever got that memo.
Me too!what made your day so great?
Foursquare celebration w library customers - chkin, become mayor and receive a "perk". Fun idea!
Look in the mirror & see what a hypocritical Republican looks like, that's rich, accusing of capitalism.
Thanks for the shout buddy!
I wish I had a robot to make my bed, and do my laundry, and cook my food, and earn cash for me. I must confess I don't.
Fashionistas reach out
Come visit at Summerfest for the final weekend! Our 20% off Sale is in effect!
The next big thing Avatar Kinect One day I'm going to host an avatar talk show
Warriors Forever #mubb #mualum4life go hard today boys
Get methlin ER 10 script at pharmacy when U get OFF Work
I <U+2665> your tweets so much! They inspire me.
thanks! I hope you keep listening and make it to a show sometime ;-)
Of course I'm stupid. I'm breathing same as you.
naw i pick it up ... if you do, just blame the poo on
So my guy happened to peek over my shoulder while browsing your site... he now insists I cook everything you've posted!
What do we have to do to get rid of Cowherd in Madison?
Should be no. 1 or 2 off the bench, if not starting right away RT : Its feels good to wake up and be a HUSKY
RT ALL MOTHER'S DAY..
Thoughts of work totally messed up my #bikramyoga session this morning. How is it only Tuesday?!
what I love keyshia cole can't wait to watch it!!!
So good have the #Hawks been this period, I forgot they were on PP.
I want to go to Rock The Bells . Hmm might as well go its around my bday so ill treat myself lol
Shit I'm hungry as hell..
haha! U r 's bro - that's awesome! :-) No wonder ur tweets r so funny! Being witty must b n yalls blood :-)
I have practice at 7. So, prob not.
Forget about turkeys, how about a couple hambones!
days like this i miss my grandma:'( ay.
wants to find the National Association of Broadcasters conference and commentate until he gets a radio show.
My intuition tellin me he on bullshit....
Do not get on 17 south... Major crash @ bethany home back up til 101
star wars on spike? yes please!
I ate all my hi-chews, what do I do now?
Either the server's dragging or Twitter's just unresponsive today. Sorry if I tweet @ u in multiples.
My opinion is that's a correct statement. Garnett is in the conversation. So is Barkley. But they have 1 combined ring to TD's 4.
Return to the Return to the Leadership page
you're going to hell
Most noticeable library fashion trend at #ALAMW12 and #sc12: boots! Knee-hi, ankle, hi-heel, low heel, all kinds! Seen today: purple cowboy.
If you're depressed, you're living in the past. If you're anxious, you're living in the future. Peace is living in the present.
Tosic proves his class ! What a goal ! CSKA Moscow 1 -3 Madrid
I wish my life was more like my dreams. Nothing would be logical but everyone would be happy
Can't wait for my homegirl to get her ass back home<333yeey!
I'm Breaking Out On Pimples Kinda :/
Word: “: A step backward, after making a wrong turn, is a step in the right direction.”
Will do, Your work will be great for the competition, if you want any more info please visit-www.theadamouski.blogspot.com
Big shot from Bibby...The garden just went nuts
finally got out of the house today... never thought 5 inches of snow could do wreak so much havoc
no!! You miss understood! Haha I meant muscles! Duhh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
LEGACY is currently hiring window and door crews as well as framing crews. Need top notch Professionals who understand QUALITY.
OK. I need to pack some fleece! What was fun to do indoors this time of year? Indoor hotel pools, of course, but what else?
Really hoping you can fill the HUGE hole left behind by the loss of Gonna miss Nick. I believe you can step up
Parrot AR Drone now flying around This is just as excellent as I expected.
Let her know she's important.
World's Wetlands Day, WiLDCOAST celebrated In Oaxaca -Huetulco- cleaning up mangroves, snorkeling the reefs, & supporting local communities
They say "XXXXXXXunits of memory and growing", don't they? I guess so. I've never been at more than 3%, and I've got tons of mail
Hugh Elliott~ You can always tell youre in trouble when the good option involves a prosthetic leg.
I don't want to do anything right now. Really.
I need 2 people to follow me so I can get to 55 follow me n I'll follow u
have you watched Saint Nick yet? the dubbing is bad but its a new holiday classic, as Rare Exports sounds like it is to be
Did they just say the thunder are going to win the NBA championship smdh!
Thank you to everyone who came and partied with us. Photos coming soon!
You moving there or just a visit? I lived there for yr or so, its sick. Team will miss ya & try to save a jersey!
Great game man !
Mail Masters if having an open house on May 13. Save the date and I'll post the event registration page by tomorrow.
I love the fray.
Is been almost 5 months and I can barely watch spongebob w/o wanting to cry. You still cross my mind!
Third place at the hackathon. Pretty incredible level of competition and awesome apps developed for the Salvation Army, MPM and MPS.
Left turning lights are always too short.
#SaySomethin baby dont be so shy(:
Love this song! "Paradise"
Last night was fancy ;)
aw...that awkward moment when you text a friend only to find out they've removed you from their contact list. #whoisthis? Oops!
yea that song hard as fuk my nigga drop a video asap
Alma College discussing impacts: CPV brings the college and community together as students advocate for
We luv our followers! Tomorrow, we're rewarding U with an exclusive contest for !
flawless performance !!!
as long as he's on our side ;) I miss the mule who scored on every shot and put punks in their place!!
Yep. (Prepare for an offer to DM VZN customer svc an explanation of your troubles--except they don't follow you, so you can't.)
right?! would be so cool to live there.
do what makes you happy (: Volunteer at a hospital for a while and see if you like the atmosphere. That should help you
You got it! Anything else you would add to the recap?
damn how many of those buds did u drink this morning!!?? U must be drunk as a smelly varmint colored black and white!
At Second City Chicago with !
In college writing class I was taught what it was, and that it was not incorrect... and then DIScouraged from using it.
Happy Hour = DJ Key Bump, then Music Video Night w/ DJs Satva and 4am RT what's going on this Sat?
Nothing ruins your Friday faster than realizing it's only Wednesday.
I hate this bus ...
That moment when my mom subscribers to me on YouTube…
I love turning the bass up & blasting music in the car while my grandpa looks at me like there's something wrong with me hahahah
I bet there is! Its not big news that some haven't joined the 21st century. Aall I can hope for is the best for the rest.
He was killed in a head-on collission Saturday night on his way home from prom.
WOW! Really Red Sox?
I criticize for unbridled hypocrisy, & I have some pretty good info, you & others are mostly questions.
there is a graeters on brownsboro across from the summit.
Been craving pancakes...
girl! You so craaaaayzaaay!
Any French horn players in NYC going to be around on Dec. 4 should message me! My band is undertaking something huge and we need you!
nice meeting you outside cnr last night man!!
Now you cant have him u suddenly want him?
I'm assuming HE got a B+ bc every episode is spectular and you need to differentiate? I'll accept that #happyendings #A+show
great talking to Quicken folks about 3d mobile tech!
I just typed "tradeshoes" instead of "tradeshows"
slow your fast-ass down lmfao
Siding with the Marxists!
I don't think a 6:45 morning is good but its the deal.. night tweeps.
It's a Switchfoot kind of day. Headphones on....
Favorite nursing bra (to help with postpartum exercising) was from Decent Exposures in Seattle - custom sized!
YEA BUDDY!!
hope to meet you in Florida sometime bc i live here maybe you could come to the brandon mall and see all your Florida fans:):)
New studio close to completion.... Yee!!
they suck
Another bottle down<3
Just landed in Vegas for #microconf, ping me if you're hear too!
Getting my salsa dancing lessons in tonight..
How is a school or anyone else responsible for an individual's career success (however defined)? No one is entitled.
Thanks for sharing your great ideas this morning I'm excited for #PRSCamp. Follow for updates!
I can't get on board with Pinterest. Pun very much intended.
thank you I really appreciate it
Shot and left for dead -- SDPD homicide detectives are investigating a homicide in Valencia Park. We're live @ the scene.
Get Austin To Top 10 On Pop!!!! i love you austin i will try to get ahold of every radio station posible!!!!! i Love You!!
Senator Kirsten Gillibrand To Introduce 'Every Child Deserves A Family Act ... - Huffington Post
here comes the boom.
I can't with
i love loud music!
Happy Birthday!! :-)
Surprise of the day: I like Grimes.
I don't always watch football, but when I do, I make sure it's Green Bay Packers football.
Doin an all nighter(: ah so bored.
Little girl's clothing biggification ray. #sidebusiness idea from
I just can't break it to her that he's pretty boring.
10 please come so I can leave!
Do you have any Aspirin or Aleve. Aleve always helps me when I'm in pain. Hope that U feel better.
they're pretty good! I listened to their album on Spotify awhile back and finally just decided to buy it tonight
I'd rather shop small businesses anyway--can't stand the crazy crowds. Support small businesses! #GivingBack #smallbusinesssaturday #
yes...the hills are alive
I wish I was at one of the parties in the KFC commercials, all they do is party and eat chicken.
You ARE a celebrity! I almost asked you for an autograph.
#slbootcamp fun, interesting, helpful
nice house, but looks to hard
BOOM goes the file upload! I finally got it cc:
Watching my beloved #mcfc take on the Whitecaps.
Philosophically speaking, all things exist to serve some purpose. The lone exception being life, which has no purpose but to destroy all.
Didn't go to bed until about 1:30 or later. Yeah, it's gonna be a long day.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Oh lord! I had a few too many last week while I was on business travel.. Instead of tweeting I was running my mouth LOL
hey been super super busy but YES! I'll definitely be there - sounds fun
It's crazy how people say Flacco is elite when he can't complete passes to his wide receivers.
awww!! :( well the humidity is 100% so it can rain at any moment! Then it's supposed to rain from the very early morn to noon
Will be on to discuss campaign sparring between Speaker Boehner and President Obama. 1210 pm. Pls tune in.
That's cool. Have you tried soundclick or something like that. If you go that route just make sure you tag you tracks.
Yeah I'll dance for you but only on the tip of your tongue... ;) It defines my definition of Love on Top..
Happy to do so & thank you as well.
so much fun last night with oh sleeper and hang time with you! We had a blast! <3 thanks for being our friend!
Went ta bed round 2am woke up at 645am
OH SHIT JJ JUST KICKED SOME SERIOUS ASS. PRAISE JESUS, BLESS THAT WOMAN. NOW SAVE WILL.
No, I didn't recently tweet about earning money thru google. Someone must have pirated my account. Aaarrghhh!!!!!
#Grateful & Motivated...U Rock Sis :-)
"This movie is no good. There's way too much personal interest story and not enough moon crashing into the earth."
I really don't want to pull more weeds!
Menus for the 5/24 & 6/1 are posted. Place your order online at www.EpicureanGroup.net Have a healthy & delicious week!
True. RT : Living in a world with out farming tools. It's cool
Prevent Child Abuse Kentucky thanks front line child protection workers for all they do to keep kids safe.
seniors Crystal Quire, Hayley Hoback and Alyssa Frommeyer are the latest additions to the Topperettes Dance Team.
yes, agreed. teuxdeux is beautiful, but doesn't have them either.
Shut down the raining patio with Dance til we die.
Bout to get ready for this party who wanna join?
Am I the only one who thinks uggs are ugly?
So, when the tables turn ... That's how you know how I feel.
#GURT2011 attendees, our favorite DC weather blog .....RT : a little warmer weather and still some sun around.
never too early!
Just canceled my subscription to gone? No reason to listen any more.
yo ~ hang this week? come meet the rest of the family. we will be in Hyde park
Shoot us an email. We'd love to hear your ideas. .
There are 11 men in Chelsea jerseys on the field, but there is no Chelsea team just now.
Angels and Gentleman truly is creative genius!! Can't stop listening to it!
team iPhone #
lol no your fine. Good thing I used to know you lol
now is talking about homework help programs and asking if libs are using texting for these services.
Adventure Time is awesome!
Have sleeves added. Or talk your bride into letting you find a shrug for all the girls.
Press the recorder, rappers get wrecked in this slaughter, Ran thru' and jumped more than the Mexican Border
Covered my Short in Gold at 895.00 for $1410 per contract.
RT "10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Bob Hope and Johnny Cash – Now we have no Jobs, no Hope and no Cash."
As the night falls on the Florida sky, I thank my lucky stars for allowing me to spend some time with my main man. On to Tampa tomorrow.
TNT Set to Broadcast HBO's 24/7 Mayweather/Cotto Reality Series
Surprised/pleased to see the #MetBall stairs haven't claimed any victims yet...I would absolutely fall walking up those in a gown+heels...
Bus Dolphins game tonight with my boys! Can't wait for the regular season!
Thanks to everyone who visited us at the #VTwin Expo!!
I saw a picture, very pretty.
Started as volleyball for one hour and ended with soccer, for another 30 minutes
Halfway done with #bourbonchase. 100 miles down, 100 to go.
And now to drink half a gallon of almond milk
We love the weekends from 10am to 11pm enjoy $2 Tri Tip sliders and $3.25 brats plus $3 Dos Equis drafts stay thirsty.
Cool, Google and Adobe both have twitter accounts for their accessibility teams
when a teacher gives me work im just like " u trippy man?"
Nothing much wat it do wit you
we have a severe weather plan in place to make sure everyone stays safe, but the bad weather is supposed to hit later tonight
the internet is a procrastinatory place
Great food is part of the experience.
how do u play on house of Anubis
Did you get a confirmation email?
happy birthday <U+263A>
Those were lyrics. Ahhaaa
whole factory got what.....vto right?
creative spark! Just thought of my next book project.
Im rooting for both teams this year- Team Enlightenment and Team Highest Good! Join me...Sunday 4:30-6 Urban Flow
Hello there sir!
you are amazing and I miss you
You know it's bad when you wake up and are looking forward to taking a nap
Through STEM, make opportunities for Washington's own children and businesses
ima be on
Better bring it, Danny. Expecting big things!
Probably. I can't imagine it was salary, but he was one of the better kickers. It will come out. Its in our sports at 6pm.
Just wait, Granny G will be the next youtube sensation. Theres something about old ladies and rap that people find entertaining.
Tonight, I'll check out Wayne Shorter quartet; Monday night it's ! For details, see my interview with Herbie Hancock tomorrow.
Adam Croote: Missing-children poster child is sentenced for rape
I should probably delete 99.9% of the people in my contact list.
love you
Who trying to get they whole chest tatted today?
Nothin much ;D
draddy is out here working on catwest
been up all night :-)
So Bradley Cooper is the #SexiestManAlive according to People Mag. Do you agree? Is humor really the best quality in a guy?
Tied at 1 in the top of the 4th. #Cubs vs #Brewers : you'reon the cubs game? How is it?
Hey it's emma from
RT : Impressed that #Colts' new coach has sense of humor. Asked if he will coach Peyton Manning: "I've got a text out to Rob...
got a funky place that shows weird results of no zoning? need location for interview. please send pic to
but you're like mad soo I feel like I'm bothering you..:(
really interesting read (FB/renounce citizenship) thanks for sharing it!
; thanks for the tip; Taco tuesdays will be off the hook today. will find the hotties!
Got myself some practice.... Nigga.
#NOIData - What does a "Data Scraping Robot" look like?
Come to BullFish for some champagne to toast the Royal newlyweds tomorrow and get our 10 Ultimate Champagne cocktail recipes!
I just reliezed that I go on this page alot! But that's okay I like to talk to my ICONic family!!! ~Ashley
Okay...gotta go write that moving movie script that's gonna make millions...I just hope I'm as good as I think I am...
#nsn3DSaturday Never say never was so amazing! <3 Please follow!!
Lights are back on at home. More importantly: the Internet is back on at home.
Transformer just blew in the heights.
Well, I'm here but barely hanging on.
thank you so much!
CONGRATULATIONS You Have WON 2 VIP Passes! As Our Guest Tonight At #BODI You And A Guest Will #BeVIP See U There!!!
RT : Become a strategic partner - "I already know what I think, tell me what you think"
lol the shows ive been booking already have an MC that the booking agency books
Man...not only am I a #spotify addict, now with the #filtr app, I'm finding at least 2 new bands every day. Latest find
RT I finally went to Portico. Hands down best outdoor dining experience in #RVA. Gorgeous setting, great food, fabulous service
Tomorrow is the BIG EVENT! Chris Greene LIVE at Mayne Stage with The William Kurk Enterprise! GET YOUR TICKETS NOW!!!!!!!
Hi! When DHD gets ICS, it will be with Sense 3.6. Not sure the plans for Sense 4, tho I know some features are hardware-dependent
So when did rodeo bullrider guys start wearing helmets? Whats next? Tiger Woods with a helmet on the green? Chess players with elbow pads?
If you want to be a part of - email ASAP. Thanks!
Can't wait to tell them!
Acts so young, too.
me too Olivia!!
I wouldn't be surprised if part of the ' push for Malkin is a message that he won't be traded.
good Charlotte or Simple Plan?
Check us out rockin' an 86% sweet. That's a B+, kids! And #Troilus is a script scholars usually give, I dunno, D-.
Hey JB good night! Please follow me! I'm a big brazilian fan & I would be very happy if u make my dream come true! Follow me
that coupled with the awkward blackface = one of my top ten Mad Men episodes.
My bid sheet looks like A Beautiful Mind!
Sure thing. Happy to have you!
:D Thank you!!
It is really hot! Thank Goddess for AC!
Thanks for the follow; happy holidays!
Of course!(:
“: Obama signs defense authorization bill "with reservations" //. Good bye 4th Amendment. Welcome to the police state.
the corned beef was definitely with me today
Last Fridays #real #estate word unscramble was actually bond! oopsy. Happy #Friday!
Applied for Full Sail University this morning to start my major in Graphic Design. I'm excited, yet not so nervous as much. A lot of $$$.
RIP Ted Stevens... I may not have liked him politically, but what a horrible way to go for someone his age.. so sad for him and his family
It's obvious the running game isn't working.
Capitol/History Center trip: No rain, buses (mostly) in snych, no student problems (that I know of anyway), & good food
you're the best. Thanks so much!
Apparently Harbor House's Chef Zach served oysters to the 'Naked Cowboy' dude in NYC. Interesting!
Age-based #curfews are reprehensible to a free society and the principles of liberty upon which our nation was founded.
Ah! Why can I not get enough of the Duke & Duchess, Will & Kate fiasco!?!?! I still love them after so many years <U+2665>
Every man needs a women when his life's a mess, Because just like the game of chess. The queen protects the king <3
Did he just cuss on the pulpit? Omw! I'm clutching my pearls.
Also congrats. C&W is not a scary conference so don't worry.
think I might need to leave the house to edit these chps. mayb if I tear them apart, they'll make more sense in the bigger puzzle?
too bad we aren't making a sandwich with that hunk of meat! Haha sorry that's inappropriate :)
what's that mean??
San Francisco chapter
I do in fact support redefining marriage, because the traditional version is a broken, bastardized relic of aristocratic misogyny.
No worries. We know where your heart is:
are there donuts over here in Cambridge, too? Or just @ gov’t center?
Doed anyone purposely have sex with sexual songs paying anymore? I've tried but I just ended up fucking up the mood by singing.lol.
I wish i were bestfriends with Phineas & Ferb so i could go to their house everyday & have an amazing life .
Again, if you're not dropping knowledge in your #HipHop, you WACK. Very simple. Find some new subject matter besides sex, drugs, death & $.
The number of sponges, in their own special box is worrying :D
i hear you! yet i still bookmark ;)
too cute!
This Saturday April 21st is our Free Device Workshop, come in to learn more about your device 730am-900am
Yeah is be like on the ticket sales 20 says before they go on sale haha
i love that song <3
it is hard to get a pic of a roadrunner. They are not much for staying still.
this is not funny just burt my towel from the only dallas playoff game won in the last 20 years
yup especially when I was reading my book :/
I'll try to wake you! That's usually when I fall asleep these days <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
yes he did! "Do you" have any tips?
shout out 2 for being lame lol
Wow! Got some great deals today! Keyboards, Carts, Ink, Paper & Norton Security buys at the Office stores!
I will post sources as I find them.
seriously don't.. your hair looks great the way it is
new tweet its been a while
that's better than thanksgiving, right there!
Im having issues with facebook insights on pro version. The app ID specified within the "fb:app_id" meta tag is not allowed on...
The WCA website keeps getting hits for "donkey dicks." Magic of internetz.
What about cocktail dresses?
RT : Big weekend for Indianapolis. Always love the energy that surrounds the races that come to our city!
where you at? Come join the WOC crew at the palms
lol #BlockBieberFever is funny too me. but idc about bieber fever because i got the MINDLESS VIRUS. RT if u have the Mindless Virus
Have a great night
m interesting... they criticize everything Obama supports anyways
That was an amazing match, couldn't have asked for a better one. Amazing fight by cena and rock, and an amazing wrestlemania!
you need to get one...to shoot in the dark and make jealous at the same time. ;-)
I do feel bad for those who ride into battle naively not prepared for the odds.
I get that all the time..now Im in the club. Yep I know what I want so Im all in.
So happy that Spotify has "Tubular Bells". It's only the first 3:30 minutes that creep people out because of "The Exorcist".
The only cure for grief is action.
What type of adapter/transformer is necessary to use an Asus laptop (from BestBuy of course) in the UK?
Its up there. I love walking dead too, and of course Sopranos ": greatest show of all time”
Social Enterprise, Public Art and painting a bicycle shop. All in a days work.
A LIE AINT SHXT TO TELL !
You be the master! Now!
Life lesson #103 from post #MetGala photo galleries. Smiling is out. No teeth, upturned mouth corners, or smirks allowed.
Don't forget the dog! Haha. :)
There's a "church" that gathers at my YMCA on sundays. Nodded hello to them as I was doing planks, finding hell with Danzig.
yes :'( the f*cking manager left the door locked. :/ -.-
potato leek or minestrone?
#Jags open with the #Vikings. Is that going to be in Minnesota or LA? Need to book my flight
I love Hell's Kitchen. I never get tired of it.......LOL. GO RAMSEY!
my baby girl is Passed out .... she looks so Comfy Sleeping :D
TO ALL BOOSIE BOO FANS BOOSIE COMING HOME :))
#skchooligan life! #SprotingKC w/ the win and the points! And so special to be at #LSP my second home! was amasin!
still gotta peep the 4gbs video too
I heard you are the expert on Littermaid Repair - any Idea where I can get replacement parts for an "elite" model?
Feel amazin this week couldn't be better
so much to do... no time to do it.. /shotgun.
I can't sleep :(
Dont know why picks a person who not gonna fight back to mess wit #newsflash every one talks about u ur on tv
All women are flirts, but some are restrained by shyness, and others by sense. :))
Facebook changes everything then R.E.M. breaks up. Damn you Facebook. Damn you to Hell!
#mobilegov is about empowering governments to empower citizens on the go.
Stop freaking everyone out!
Late start today. Time for some some Starbucks.
is it okay for us to go to the carnival with you if we meet you there
someone telling lies!
don't no where u at but let me know so I don't go
P word will be here in 13 days & I have NOTHING but my dress
Sex dreams are the best dreams.
R.I.P Vidal Sassoon:(
It's a Marilyn Manson, Lady Antebellum, Eminem kinda day. Not necessarily in that order.
"If you say Beloit slowly, it sounds like an underwater fart." - Graham Provencher Seems like a realistic comparison to me.
They say you are what you eat... Well, I don't recall eating any sexy beasts today.
“The miracle of your mind isn’t that you can see the world as it is. It’s that you can see the world as it isn’t.” ~Kathryn Schulz, TEDTalk
Hey all, please be a "fan" of OSO @ www.facebook.com/GoOSO, & join the "I support Operation: Sound Off!" facebook group! Thanx!
There is still less than 100 people on the list to ride with the Tide...last day to get on!
Why would this be good for CA businesses?
Still in the processional. 40 minutes later.
You're more than welcome. It's been a fun journey.
My claim about "special green potato chips" got zero traction with Gens.
YES MA'AM
You should add me on FB! I'll post the link once I'm awf my iPhone. If you wanna search for me I'm Massie Block and my pic is me at a party.
can I borrow the recipe on how to make lolla tickets because I dont wanna pay for one would rather make one homemade
can anybody see this? it feels like im talking to myself :/
Times change I suppose
Real "corporate" success is where even the smallest cog of a company is making a decent living! Not whether the boss is making millions.
Sleep is non existent
Give me the loot give me the loot
Where the video at !?
the first band will be wrappin' up tomorrow this time!
idk if you can hang with the big boys man!
If money is your hope for independence you will never have it. The only real security that a man will have in this world is a reserve of kn…
#randomsongs "Wobble wobble shake it shake it"! By the 504 boys
Glad to see your stream. I guess I work right down the street #reebok #
I haven't noticed the 12:01 lunch surfing lag in years. Today it seems to be in full force.
You put animated gifs on your MySpace page, didn't you? “: Dear Facebook, Allow the cover photo to be a video.”
Might crack a smile but ain't a dam thing funny...
HPA student to be honored for academic, artistic success
my guy friend sprayed all his axe all over me <U+2661>
Congratulations to John Wooten of Carlsbad HS (NM) on making College Football Hall of Fame
at church then home to work in the yard fur_is_dead
Unsure how to operationalize 'bureaucrat', or if its worth doing, but I wanna know which world city has the most bureaucrats per capita, plz
At band practice instead of football tonight. Thank goodness for !!
I didn't think so. That'd be creepy :X
There's a wreck that just happened outside of my old testament class. Please be praying for the person/people involved.
If you can dream it, you can do it. Your limits are all within yourself. - Brian Tracy #quote [3b]
So.....somebody riding around Georgia with a Family Guy car.! If the police looking for them then they'll find them easily.!
Seriously been contemplating not watching #Idol this week because America is so stupid.
omg women r nuts after the age of 16!!!! lol mothers!!!!!!!!
A man asks a trainer in the gym: I want 2 impress that beautiful girl , which machine can I use? Trainer replies: Use the ATM
So long, farewell, avwierdersehn #goodnight:)
chemo brain is real , 3 1/2 year survivor, whats good for chemo brain?
way to go, car
Crazy RT : Bynum and Gasol combined stats are ridiculous.
have you ever seen her perform? I really, really want too!
I'm so tired ;o
I have a headache.
haha that's awesome!
it looks amazing Justin! :)
early leaving ass...missed the count down. Smh
Been going on my budget today with We'll get there!
Let me guess, you got up to pee and now you'er going back to bed?
TX for RT!
looks like you need childreninfilm.com if you're seeking representation
“: Every Friday is a Good Friday for Pizza Night in America. What's on your pie tonight?” Tons of hair!!!!
Piano Technicians: what's your funniest or most unusual story? Stuff found in pianos? DM them & u could be part of a PA post
... Ty love & so far so good :) taking random pictures all day...
I'm so sad
Whenever a small child accidentally touches my arm or something, a shiver of disgust goes through my body
Laughter and prayer cures all that may ail us! Hope you're doing well!!
Love that song Heart by The Pretty Reckless
Wooaah, whaaaa?! Other people like my favorite band too? Let's tell stories about how die-hard we are!!
Finally up and running in the new warehouse!!
you're the best friend anyone could ever ask for Blake :)
That was (accidentally, I suspect) a very revealing paragraph
Just got approved to pull the Mullins SC dal/bulldog. Will hit the road & meet her this afternoon.
Why did Jack White release his new single via helium balloon? He really hopes it blows up.
Yes. Yes! YES. YES! Tomorrow can't come soon enough. Thank you :)
i love to sing out loud. Specially at home. I annoy the shit out of everyone with my operah voice (:
Feeling very nostalgic lately
Amazing Deals today under $5! Brunch breads are $3 & $4, Brownies, Blondies, Cheesecake bars are $2! & Lemon bars only $1.50!!
stop that. Ill cry.
take it easy by common sense
"Friends" talking about sushi made me stop (Taro's) tonight.. Train Wreck, Mariiyn Monroll, Unagi. #sushi #typo :)
i feel like dancing in the rain lol
of all the things granted us by wisdom, none is greater or better than friendship."
Join #ICA on Feb 13 @ 3PM at St. James Cathedral, 65 E Huron St for Ralph Vaughan Williams’ 10 Blake Songs, featuring soprano & oboe duo ...
Totally! And I love that you're and Advocate for Awesome. Ha, we have an Manager of Institutional Awesomeness in our office.
Hey, Jasmine!^*
how did you get it on your iPod?(:
Daylife transforms into Nightlife...Fashion is the life
Hard to believe Mother's Day is this weekend! Share with me, what was one valuable lesson your mother taught you?
thank you for not sharing / making fun of my van gogh
RT if you will follow me.
Aww! I so can't wait! You are super awesome! It's definitely the next best best thing for
Let me get this straight, D'Brick & Mangold are pro-bowlers & Moore was snubbed, yet Sanchez runs for his life every play. What gives?
have you ever heard of ! i think you'd like them! :)
You are a writer chemist, cool combination. I don't think you will be writing about nanotechnology now will you?
If You Wanna Be In My Book Tweet Or DM Your Name And Ill Put It In My Book And Ill Make Sure Vinny See's It..! :) Please?9
So do you come here often?
you're being a great inspiration to me... thank you. Because of you I've written almost 5 songs...
Thanks for the mention. Any comments on the presentation? Changes? Happy Thursday! B
you're welcome! Thanks for the follow! I'm all about supporting indie music :)
Hey Collin! Great picture! Looks like you had a very special V-day!
should totally be verified! #verifyjwoods ! xo
At the Moth Story slam, hope I get to get out
im sad not to be with you! i booked my supershuttle to the hotel..how will I manage the airport w/o you? :-)
thinking of changing my twitter name.. any ideas? i want to be relating to Nialler, or should I keep it?
love you :) night :D #BestFriends (I spelled your name right this time)
now following
An electron walks into a bar and asks, "How much for a beer?" The bartender response, "For you? No charge."
Today is the day. Well see you in a few hours. There are tons of bands playing. Come early an check them out!
Save time, save money, and reduce risk! Your documents matter to ScribeModerne! :)
Play offs are right around the corner and at this time of year there are teams who look like they are ready and there are those we don't lol
no that name but this name lah..
RT : "The only limits in our life are those we impose on ourselves." ~ Bob Proctor
delete what ?
Yeah, picking up a Sunday catcher can be especially tough. So many backups start day games.
I don't know when I became such a water-source nerd.
Thats such a great song!
jealous of Quickie's Jedi Master skills. RT Intermission Activity: Mike Smith is ______
no it was just said by robinson in interviews that hawkgirl gonna be more ww & atoms the superman of the group
A friend of mine characterizes leaders simply like this: Leaders don't inflict pain
Real nigguhs wake up at 9 in the morning to get shit done. Bumm nigguhs wake up at 12 to talk shit.
lmao it looked like it hurt is your tongue haha
arrived Nairobi, Kenya after 17 hour flight from New York City, meeting up with #WorldVision staff on Monday for #HornOfAfrica debriefing
gonna go visit <3 this summer:) i wnt to go to this school for college so bad!
you're welcome. :)
At Petco Park watching CPHS baseball!
got a C on my ap stats final exam!! better than that F i got for the semester exam :)
Champion keeps it tied for #maineiacs with breakaway save on Huberdeau with 11:15 left in 2nd....great hockey
Im tired but i dont wanna go to sleep :(
I tried that and thought it was terrible. How did you do it? What condition were your bananas to start?
Did the Mayans predict my dog going completely apeshit in my backyard?
Tensions mount in Seattle on brink of May Day protests - KPLU News for Seattle and the Northwest
Stay dry out there today!
Help us get to 200 followers!! :) WE DONATE for every follower to cancer.org .. inspired us to #makeachange what about you?
you think it's "cool" whenever i'm mad, well just wait.
if they played I will always love u on repeat I would strongly consider throwing water balloons up there
headed in from airport. Have an NAIS tech task force meeting at 10a
Tailgate is nice, but not solely a Packers bar. Bloomington Chop House (in the Hilton) is a new Packers bar with a game day menu.
Trying Halcyon Unfiltered Wheat tonight. It's brewed by Tallgrass out of Manhattan, KS
please, please, please! release more tickets!
I'm not guilty of anything! Hahaha
moustache is an incredibly difficult word to spell...
What day you get into town? I forgot that you were stayin at my apt haha
Music continues to soothe us throughout our lives, especially when we are feeling disenfranchised. Levitan says
What kinda skills man? :P
Co-worker just asked me to try her guacamole to see if it tastes funny. Because being half Puerto Rican makes me an expert at such things.
hey now, i did note that i liked the how to destroy angels vid and "hurt" and nin's live production, but it ends there.
So cool to get my new iPad (gen3) at the today. Got every gen from them so far. #frequentbuyerawards?
Why Less is More. Less paper in the office = more time. Electronic filing saves time and money. Electronic filing is becoming standard.
posterous is on the list of tools I'm considering - I know you're a user, what are your experiences?
Happy Friday peeps. The weekend is here. Going to celebrate this weekend then studio all next week.
me either. I've ignored the memos on the home page of our website. Lol
“: Scorpio #ZodiacPeople - A Scorpion woman will pour scorn on the emotionally fragile.” can you find anything positive?
Are you a HR Generalist with 5+ yrs exp looking for new opportunities? If so, we're looking for you! Contact us today for details!
florida, sucks
Looking forward to speaking this weekend at See you there Sat. 5:00pm or Sun. 9:00, 10:30, or noon!
's picture..yeah it's my favorite
hay yo DJ Jammaster James-rock it in yo pockit! have a great day
we could work something out bro
probably not I didn't ask off work
Laying on my bed, watching H. R. Pufnstuf with :)
Lmao wow angel !
hey auntie
Looking forward to wrenching on bikes with neighbor Jason tonight. Might also include Banh Mi sandwiches and booze.
You can't breathe wrong in Chicago right now.
Wow, can Wanda Jackson yodel.
love COD but the deluge of hip firing snipers is really getting annoying. Any way to limit that?
Oh no! That's never good to hear!
Mad nice out in NY right now
When he sees them coming, he blows tornadoes away. He is the most interesting man in the world. Stay thirsty my friends
I turn 50 in may and gotta look fab!!
Umm I might unfollow that person since I just saw that tweet lol
Thank you! You can always count on us! Have a wonderful day!
Sounds like a great plan! :) But we'll probably probably get kicked out of Wallabies..I almost did a couple of weeks ago.D:
Good Night Anthony! Sweet Dreams! Wake up to gods light shining high in the sky tomorrow morning!! Lots Of Love and Support
Panel 2: Yemen, Syria, & the Gulf States with discussant Joost Hiltermann
Received a direct message from you. Did your account get hacked or was it legit?
im not sure. but how do you calculate you joining developing the university curriculum? congrats! :)
A brand's voice was once an aria: Now, it's a choral sing-along. #custserv A1 | Ooh, nicely put.
i was crying when was sick in the #NEVERSAYNEVER Movie i was like awww:'/ lol #BelieberfromHeart <3
Pub crawl, bar number 2 the Cat House, good time with blokes from London and friends from Ohio
You can do it!! You have TWO WHOLE DAYS!!!
Ok, NOW our fifth and final IAP Dance application is being reviewed: application
RT ugh. someone decided to infuse the entire floor with the enticing aroma of...|should have been on my last flight. homemade soup
It's not Jerusalem, It's not Baghdad. It's not Bolivia. It's Oklahoma.
Oh, thank you much! RT You are a great writer so I am very interested in your thoughts and words. Heart you Carlos!
Cole Aldrich has two tip-in dunks. That should tell you an awful lot about where this game is.
I luv all my followerrs please bless me with more luv u all SmookDawg
Tyty! I made it home in one piece! Now bed time!!
just ate at Mellow Mushroom with Paige :)
Starting Tan's Search Inside Yourself
Something has got to change
Home from school... Today was a long day
#drake is my love
Consider how hard it is 2 change URSELF & we will understand what little chance we have of trying to changer others ~J.Braude~
yum! I think I have heard of them we went to the #matadorpdx last night! Have you been? Cheap happy hour!
<U+2665> these lyrics - "Double my fun, double my vision, Long hard look at my last decision."
we are excited to reconnect with you. still getting the hang of twitter . . . scheduling a screening in B'more soon!
You're my only shawty <U+2665> (: ~I love this song.
How in the he!! was the serge ibaka behind the foul line dunk not a 50.that doesnt make sense.
At 's ebook session. Happy to be at a partner institution.
I just need somebody to love.
You can't help but begin to think that there may actually be a god.
u should love one of my bff all other people just trie to get to u but she luvs the real u and shes12 ull see us
hey, I've been to her house! (I think so, anyway). #IsThatWhoIThinkItIs?
Thanks for the retweet! I feel like I can never know too much about DCing - so important!
HealthyDeals.com: proudly serving MD/DC/VA, check us out now!
Looks like the tropical storm--and our rain chances--fizzled out. :( So close...
I think I'm coming tomorrow.
I've heard nothing but bad things about Dark Shadows.
I hate when ppl make fun of my New Orleans accent n i dnt even talk like that
Man, kills me. Great speaker, great insight, very inspiring. Good call #12NTCdatadive”
I'll play you. Pachalaura is my username.
love youu too baby!
To play
Manning wanted to play in AFC bc he thinks easier path to SBowl? Did he forget about some guy up in NE named Tom Brady??
Good table draw makes up for loss of chips.
Instead of a bath,I've invented The Total Pet Spa,keep them clean at all times, w/o the mess and trouble of a bath!Who likes this?
looks like it was dropped on the floor
I understand that we know someone in common: Paul Nelson at Sonic Media. Keep up the good work!
The U.S. Supreme Court Tuesday declined to stop the execution of an Arizona death-row inmate hours before he was set to die... tncnews.com
Tonight's highlight: 2 gallon bag of turkey brine bursts open, dousing me and dad-in-law. #splashzone!
Whenever someone does that I'm like Uh-Oh! What I do??
how funny would it be if #AndrewLuck gave the #mannings a taste of theyre own medicina and refused to play for the colts
Crazy dreams! I don't think it'll ever come true, but I'll always have that dream...
Apparently I make "shit rare tweets".
Congrats on getting your spot on the #Bronx walk of fame on the grand Concourse,, you paid your dues
Hi alessandra!! any chance your going to come to dc??
it's my fave since YHF. Glad U Njoy. Love that they have no label to bow to. They broke out. Consummated Wilco is my review.
please could you help in makin #Jesus a trendin topic hashtag His Name + ask people 2 RT (: God bless
Gay marriage? Can't the US offer equal rights to lesbian/gay citizens WITHOUT twisting the definition of Marriage. Want Rights or Approval?
AL GORE breaks record by creating more TOXIC HOT AIR than small NUCLEAR PLANT
#NAWBO event - How to get press for your small business happening now at Merion Cricket Club.
<U+200E>5th of musquito piss gets me dreamin bout green janklin and samuel l jackson screams!!
When people talk about how Justin Bieber still sounds like a girl... I mean have you heard Boyfriend?!
My fish, Minnie, died today. I'm drowning in work. Not good...
#findUW who is the ? Come find me at clue 2.
This is more than once and twice for me! When did you have a crush on ?
hell yea..!
If you eat some guac at night, was it made from scratch?
Real Jenna Mason: - Fake Jenna:
Yeah, but I'm not Jewish.
I keep thinking like I slept through Sunday lol
God has spoken to me about starting a beauty ministry, pray with me for a place to operate out of and products and tools to work with.
A slow-release fertilizer surrounding the base,formulated with macro & micro nutrients provides extended feeding for up to 12 weeks
We'll see! If I ever meet you maybe.
aw what's the matter boo
Happy birthday!! Hope you had fun!! RT : Everyone say happy birthday to Amanda
goodness. I hear ya there!
Been rewriting the article about the Sackler. Gonna go check out the Weiwei works tomorrow!
Brian has the coolest hair!
be my Valentine?<U+2764> (:
“: Aww miss you too buddy! :) RT : I miss my friends” get here
i just justin bieber's cd under the mistletoe! listening to it right now!
It's a cancer thing. I'm going to put the little girl in the copilot seat for the entire flight and let her lift the flaps.
Happy Hump Day! =)
Still some stragglers at Barrett party, music playing, bartender waiting to serve. But we're outta here.
APA requires the Oxford comma. Life isn't fair.
They're very hit or miss but tonight's show was great
If my brain only operated this way 10yrs ago...I wouldn't have had to tweet this thought right now!! Oh well better late then never..lezzgo
The Universe gets big and beautiful the day you realize you're not the center of it! - DM
Sweet. Dealership replaced my 2010 car with a 2011 and a lower payment so they could make their numbers.
we gettin it over here makin niggas mad
No Nigga Puts Fear In My Heart , Ima Soldier !
Head's still killing me and I'm more tired after the nap. To be expected. Having trouble writing these lesson plans. Going to be a long week
Watching #WinterWonderland11 with my Grandma. Oh and our bears... <3
Who has said or did something that helped you make a huge shift? Please share who and what.
also, is pretty much the best seester evaaar.
The Giants game was so much fun last night! Go
You forgot that we also drink Rainier and the occasional Sparks energy drink! Oh...don't forget, "Let's get TILTED!"
Go ahead and talk SHIT , talk SHIT about me. Go ahead and talk SHIT about my g-g-generation!!!!!
Special birthday wishes go out to today! Hope you have a great day!!
I saved my goatee and left a legendary for quatro de mayo. Only getting questioning looks at the office.
have to start somewhere
Looking for more positive role models to be mentors
They are filming the JHU "Thank You" video on Friday, 11/18 at 1 p.m. in the George Peabody Library.
how r u today
Happy Father's Day.
So #sore this morning but had a great #hockeynight last night
Me gusta. It does sound like DMB but a lot more upbeat and with a lot more words. Vetty Goot.
Green bean casserole! Yum! RT : #Thanksgiving is next week…What is the must-have side on your family’s table?
I fall with this crew they are so amazing, love their choreography!!
Shoutout to for shooting 65 in first round of and tieing for lead
The multiple #Springsteen tweets in my timeline make me wish I was in DC tonight to see
Made it to orlando!
classes for next semester: Francophone World, Ethical Thinking, Environmental Governance, & Latin American politics. Awesome fall semester!
Wat hot jams is out rite now???
I am now VERY disappointed that the 5-year Jupiter Juno mission took off WITHOUT Rick Perry onboard.
you're welcome!! Love you shaila!!
The iBooks app herks & jerks on the latest iPhone. Loading up more ads?
Gym = slammed !!
Chargers are 7 point favorites over the Raiders tonight. Raiders don't stand a chance. Go Bolts!
Today is Tax DAy & Michelle Bachmann will get $200k n Tax Cuts while receiving $250K
The Foo Fighters won best rock performance with their song "Walk". Congrats to them
"you treat me just like another stranger, well it's nice to meet you sir."
Thank you
I mean this sh*t is crazy
Kid at heart :')
One way to cut down on coffee consumption: spill said coffee on TBR book pile.
i just followed it! pleez follow me!
I followed teenager!:)
What he said... RT : Cook once, eat twice. Take your lunch to work. It's cool. You'll look cool And you save $$.
Loved you in Benjamin Buttons :)
Cant wait for ABDC!!!!
My journey to #Ottawa is underway. Excited to meet my Canadian utility web peers at #EUCI web self-service and social media conf.
Yes. You can pick up your pass tonight and we'll give you a bracelet for your friend.
I want a beat Prod. so bad!
"Swing Low, Sail High"
Really ? o.O
Peyton would fit with Tebow PERFECTLY!!! And he deserves another chance now that McDumbass is gone...
I can't believe it! Normally I wouldn't have my phone w/ me. What...luck?
thank you Jane
We all thought the Magic were done, now were almost home
this page is dead =gianna=
you mentioned that somebody offers you to unlock your at&t iphone for 200$. can i do that? i can pay you though.
Weirdest weather ever
I know every spanish person knows that singer that always says "ANDY ANDYY.. I love salsa" lmaooo
Tomorrow is gonna be boring specially bc I'm goin to be surrounded by old people ugh hate it oh well just gonna try not to sleep...
Does anyone other than a marketing department, care about the designs on toilet paper?
“: Injury Update: The MRI on revealed a strained abdominal muscle. He is out indefinitely.” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
This draft is stacked with wrs....calm downsbrowns fans lol let go Browns!.!!
Looking forward to seeing you this evening!
Which train would that be?
You can go to the bar and drink at any age in Texas. I know what I'm doin tonight lol
what, too much??
I'm rewatching the Phocus tutorial. I want to make sure that I don't miss anything.
Singing tonight! NCJW women's seder.
": All Money Ain't Good Money.......”" but it all spends the same way
Wishing you a safe & blessed birthday Zack. Wondering what got you.
happy pre birthday
That awesome moment when you realized you walked 2 miles to work with your skirt tucked in your tights
like up the butt, sensative, rainbow flag gay
nothing playing with the baby
My atl falcons are loseing and geting beat up on..dam it i am pissed..
Was that lip-synch for your life? Was that the white ?
“Nothing recedes like success.”~Walter Winchell
I have been drinking every single day for likes couple weeks. Lol
It's just the first of many heartbreaks.
Just saw a huge truck load of signs going up on Pomerado. Won't be long before they have company.
Is singing THANK YOU JESUS, THANK YOU JESUS, THANK YOU JESUS.....THANK YOU!!!! I JUST WANT TO SAY THANK YOU!!!!.
RT ttreanor22: I'm going to go for another 30 lbs or so in Jan using this diet: www.AFightersDiet.com
Eastwick is a book? Is it a series?
if i could i would :'(
Last day for help kicking the habit - over 50% off a smoking cessation hypnosis session, only on www.crowdclick.com!
to play AZ on my bday...too bad I'm not an arizonian:(
RT 100% of people who say, "I don't take myself too seriously" totally do. <<-True! That's why I don't take MYSELF too... crap.
I swear I caughed a million times today /: & ear infection.... can I not be fucking sick for at atleast a day? damn!
Once again - who else but David Krejci. He has been on FIRE for the last week and a half.Too bad he is the ONLY #Bruin we can say that about
#PeytonManning will be meeting with Elway and Fox this morning.Will he sign in the Mile-High? is live at #Broncos HQ.
such a classic! One of my all time favorite movies in the entire world of movies. ha.
I can make you one...but that would require you coming over to my house...deal?
So many people do c:
Thank you 4 doing We love Dino!!
im sick -_-
If a girl ever steals your man, there's no better revenge than letting her keep him. REAL MEN can't be stolen.
that's a whole lotta awesome right there.
DWIGHT HOWARD NEED 2 TAKE A PAGE OUT OF LEBRON'S BOOK AND TAKE HIS TALENTS ELSEWHERE F" BEING THE MOST LOVED PLAYER
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
Here's to hoping I can make some kind of a difference:: medical school is my dream. This week is my answer .
this is horrible! it was an all white jury so of course he's going to be charged not guilty! just HORRIBLE
A4: AND try to use better grammer than I just did. Is/are just bit me. Ha!
LOL! I like Greyhound's statement, but I've ridden with them for 14-hours & Baldwin's right on this one!
I'm teasing!!! The only person I tried to FaceTime with was my 19 yo sister and she declined!
yea I always come out here 2 see Cartoon, not sure but it will be another masterpiece. You out and about watching the game 2night
Hahaha those names, oh man... remember the "Dynamic Trio"? God, we were so cool
You're right O'Donnell wasn't 100% wrong, he was just 99.99% wrong...
You may have left a document behind in the GSLIS Tech Lab.
I will - way cool of you and I appreciate it.
my u is broken on my laptop. :(
yea.. Live in LA. My producer as well. I'd like to get y'all working together soon
I have a crush on Rajon Rondo. Just sayin. Lol
Right! That's why they're not really looking for a cure!!
People are so bad at cheating. Like if you're gonna cheat at least do it right.
Snarky now are we?
SHOW TONITE AT "KRAVE ULTRA LOUNGE" COME OUT AND SHOW SUPPORT!!!
THE COMING ISLAMIC STATE OF YEMEN: RYAN MAURO ...: A woman who used natural herbs to heal patients was beheaded as a “sorceress,” wit...
How's your Android?
don't know that he's getting back up after that one..
Bowling with the family !
you're so kind. I'll convey your respect, which means a great deal. I'll buy drinks at Wally's Bar next time you're here...
Hello Tweeters!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The weather was amazing today.. Its been better than the snow.... But either way im loving it...
helping my guy friends come up with cute ways to ask girls to prom makes me hope someone will ask me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
R U band from the park for a year?
ahhaahaa you won't be the only one :p we gone sleep with my night lamp.. If we even go to sleep lol
One way to lessen the empty feeling of departing energetic #TribeFest? In flight Wifi. So many great people. Thanks to everyone
Anger is a gift.
do you like Americans?
loved this photo tweet session.
I just spilled soy sauce on my MacBook :( <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
A day without Gulich.. I can digg it .
Watching Football is very stressful today...
it might be time for a sequel to "The Man With With One Red Shoe".
me too.
im hungry now
Won an air pick from !! What what!
he is wearing a tie! Will wonders never cease?
so sweet I can't wait to paint for them ! we need to get a date on the calendar ;)
It's on Taylor's website lol
why is the mound looking dry tonight?
Happy Veteran Day to all my AD/ vet brother and sister. The 82nd Airborne those i served with.
#APS Superintendent Davis scheduled to post revised/final list of recommended closures before 10p. We're checking website for updates...
RULE #1 Career success is simply a matter of luck... RULE #2 the Harder you work...the luckier you get!
Enjoy WHAT you DO. Appreciate WHERE you ARE. Accept WHO you ARE and LOVE who you're with
Someone call the CPD! Hundreds of historians are loitering at the Chicago Sheraton!
Hope you enjoyed it :)
He has migrated regions & changed nationality to seize opps before. Perhaps, the move to digital isn't incredulous.
Bah! Grumble, grumble, grumble RT FINAL SCORE: Finland 3- USA 2 in quarterfinals
Till this day when i hear that song i see you standing there
Have you heard? We're open on Christmas Day for breakfast, lunch and dinner!
i got my scream tour pics and they look really nice
but i miss so much our convooooooooooos . How long is it gonna take ? :'((( <3 <3
Initial orders will ship by end of April on a first-come, first-served basis.
I can't even figure out how to reply back to u. Do u like football?
Wow...#FACT RT #Cancer's only get dressed because they have to.
": Why does Bill Romanowski sound like a 70 year old woman?" Brain damage? The roids?
I couldn't watch that video either
Going to some random party? No thank you. I'm too tired for that. Going to sit right here and play God of War.
#RIPWadeWilsonSwifty :'( how did he die?
Have you had your ballot from David? If you have, you best swap with Mum as you're one better than her... :-)x
Note to all aspiring politicians - the coverup is ALWAYS worse than the crime.
In #RedSox news, they're counting tonight game as a sellout. I haven't seen that many empty seats in a long time.
thanks man! Glad you like it!!!
I just noticed that broccoli went from being a social to a skater boy. lol xD
Ashley from TriplePoint PR here. I'm working on some cool iOS titles, is there an email I can reach you at? Thx!
oh....that makes me want to do bad things to some crazy folk.
LMS for a new YouTube video
SALE! SALE! SALE! Tomorrow through Saturday -Winter coats & boots -Ski gear -Assortment of shoes & apparel See you there :)
Anyone have any examples of black & white websites... mostly white....
I wish I was Beyonce.
They let go of green balloons because it was her favorite color! They care so much
They want me to do a keg stand... Hell no! Lol
94% of donors say that charities they support never or hardly ever call them up without asking for more money. - Penelope Burk
In the twitter session. How about you?
Sounds like a great meet up! Congrats on he successful inaugural event!
Look forward to your fashion insights & hopefully some goodd feedback on our products as well. Hope you follow back :)
good job
Nice! They're definitely useful in those cases...we hope you're feeling better!
Yup you sure can lol
No good here either.
Finally we have a winter wonderland in #nyc!
Knowing God and knowing about Him are 2 very different things. Don't just be a fan, be a friend of God. John 15:9-18 EXPOSE.Empower.Unleash.
Of course you get the zombie a week after I went there. Oh yeah...I'm going Saturday again.
Drizzly warm morning. Do all your errands while everybody hides inside, early risers.
Follow my friend and the hottest Winghouse bartender EVAH !!!!! Lol
Portland shop was only for a month. New pop ups coming soon!
#WeLoveNiall because he is the Fresh Prince of Mullingar!
Criss DONT do it. No. Stop...dont do it,,,,just reax...not today..you promised yourself..no DONT...... you did it.
Come on timbers!
Mike Bibby is starting... That's how u know this game is already over lol
I wonder what Taylor did when she heard Taylor Issues ?
#ewa2011 panel on #highered cuts. Jon Shure says US needs a political recovery not an Econ recovery.
the dogs r my kids right now. So I look forward to coming home to them. But want a guy to come home to.
Sup with katy perrys blue wig?
OMG HE DID
dude, that be so convenient. I wish, but for right now I'm just chilling at my house in my bed.
hey come back!!
Congratulations! Have fun on your new journey!
Now you may not like it, but you can maximize that body the best it can be maximized
Indians definitely picked the wrong time to hit and pitch like crap. Should have a 4 gm lead. Instead of 1
hello hoe are you?
lmao your a fried man
One size fits all is such bullshit cause I just tripped over my snuggie
Giants sign veteran infielder Ryan Theriot. They're trying to re-tool and take back the NL West
When all the people's desires come true - no better than them.
#SomethingIDontHave an o of maui wowie
Still Up #Night Owl
Bulls vs Grizzlies On Now, Chicago Gone Buss Deyy Ass Real Quick
Life will show you just how people are...you just wait and see!!
Thanks! Any ideas how we can get more Realtors involved? We'd love help buying & selling the homes so we can do more videos.
Thanks for the mention, and sorry I missed the webinar. Wonder if there's a way to catch up.
Oh no, I'm pretty sure he got rid of his baggage when he was MVP OF THE SUPER BOWL.
Lmao I'm Sho finna Go Save A Draft Right Now Just to Remind Myself. -___-
Welcome! & tomorrow night.
I'm in TVD withdrawal! Can't wait for the new episodes.
Thanks so much for having me in today. It was great to meet you all!
It is up for the affected woman to find the treatment that works for her
"We don't do ventriloqy rap here" ©
have fun being productive after this shit :P
Hey followers. Tweet me, tell me 1 good thing that happened to you today Even if its small. I just need to hear some happiness today (:
Must have crushed the Wonderlic.....
Yes it is!
Is a crow a good omens or a harbinger of doom? Maybe he is just hungry for peanuts and sunflower seeds? Maybe he has spoken to Lenore?
has #sscat done a Ccss week yet?
Just texted 'luv u hunny bunny' to the wrong person. My girlfriend will be quite confused.
"Down" is now on Amazon.com and play.com in the UK! Go get it!!
Sense memories are usually the strongest memories you can have. What's a food that reminds you of another time?
The enthusiasm of potential can't compare to the exhilaration of accomplishment —
yeah, did a great job.
So I'm on my third Coronarita....
this is the only use of the word "moderate" appropriate to GOP race
whooohooooo! #danklawitter it's about damn time
Welcome back! Check your student mailboxes for info on the Study Skills Wrkshps & news. Hope your Winter term is off to a good start!
very bitter. 21I went away full, and the LORD has brought me back empty. How can you call me Naomi, when the LORD has f-dealt #Torah 23/99
no take it back :(
At this point I really understand where Lovatics are coming from with loving Demi so much. She's been such a huge help to me. <3
I hope this Michelle Bachmann situation is just a joke to the Republican party............
I spend most time looking at google maps of my old house in Seattle. So sad. Some one, anyone, let's go to Seattle.
I'm ready to send it in now! haha. I just want my statement to be perfect so I'll hold off for a bit more. Are you fully adjusted
Step dad is trying to get me to watch dexter ...... should i ???? idk
Soundtrack from Dreamgirls playing while I design. Head bopping while I pull this look together!
Took today off from work (Sorry Kyle) to go to my favorite watering hole to watch my CATS take on LSU !!! GO BIG BLUE !!!!
{thumbs up} --- RT : Watching cartoons
CBS cancels 'CSI: Miami'
yeshhh seriously! :( & sneakin' on tha computer ahah.. i miss you too, want me ta call you later, if i can?:)
Yes, you have. :') I still remember that from quizazz when we first chatted. lol I honestly don't think so... :/
Objective: To gain employment in an exciting, inspiring, and creatively fulfilling Design Studio or Advertising Agency. Or Win the Lottery.
The truth isn't out there, it's in the tweets of this account, which if read correctly contain... #FollowFriday (via )
It would be very interesting to know more about what was actually going on :)
RT : When 3-letter airport codes became standard, airports that had been using 2 letters simply added an X — explains LAX.
Dinner topic Sat: Does true genius always rise? What difference does "quatifiable" talent make eg. sports vs. arts? What about gate keepers?
Kid Cudi and Chip the Ripper will be shutting down NY tonight. Two tix for the first person in NYC to @ me!
Way too high. Not sure why I should pay more for the ipad...
yummylicious! fried spam for dinner!
I LOVE left, right center - such a fun game! Way to teach 'em to gamble already :-)
God is calling my name as the devil is trying to keep me tame.
Pimp My Ride marathon hahaha forgot how much i loved this show!
surgery for what
Class ran late and I'm headed home for live show! See ya!
Ugh, that's a bleak forecast. Meant to say thanks for your email, by the way. You guys did a good job with the Stevens story.
It is only appropriate to share with Australia... The idea to "PackABag&Go"
The fact that I just hashtagged #fondippitydoodah lets me know its bedtime
That moment of shame when the automatic doors doesn't open for you.
good what are you doing? (:
Almost done with the first day of the BYU #Genealogy Conference. Met lots of nice people. Talked about travels to UK, Denmark, Ireland, etc.
thank you , I love you too <3
#tweet the night away
so up at 3am to be on set by 6am. BRING IT!
feel better soon, one of our workers just got over a bad cold
Got my report card my grades are good:D
Lunch break!
That would be great! That's cool. I'm 26.
Yes.......yes it was RT : fasho lmao was that chatty?
Its crazy how yo own family can bring yu down n smile in yo face
#oomf that just followed me is super super sexy tho....lol
so neither one of us will be in 6th.
give me some deets
Key word cheater
Thank you!! Hope you have a great Thursday!
People do not like to wait, even if it is for a few seconds.
at that point I just do nothing...
Can't help but get mad . Sorry
and we were wandering what the frakes you were mumbling about!?!
That's all I want ! I haven't had it since forever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
Don't give them your heart give them your wallet
Looking forward to football season! It's going to be a good year.
Well u knw what they say...Can live with em, cant live with out em., ha
omg! Your soo amazingly Gorgeouss! And my Dave blogger ever! :) can't wait for next video!! :)
You don't understand how much I hate Joe Crawford!
it means shoutout eachother 20 times. the unique ones.
Failure is a detour, not a dead-end street - Zig Ziglar. Keep Smiling.
Weekend hours: We're open today until 6PM and tomorrow from noon til 5PM. Come see us! www.creambeauty.com.
I've already won. Campaigning is just a formality. I'm too lovable.
Alexa Chung Beats Kate Middleton To The British Fashion Awards ’s Style Icon Crown Kate Middleton may be at the top of Harper's Bazaar
you're welcome girl :) x
Watching inside Facebook<U+2665>
Have you seen Hall Pass?
go to H&H for Pedestrian Services Exquisite - starting around 11:30am
hate it. What were they thinking???
#Transfer? RT Should've picked a closer college so I could've gone to at least ONE game, can't even make the playoff
Best teacher I ever had was always learning from students new strategies to solve math problems
Great work has great reward!
thank you ! <3
Some day, the right man will put the right ring in the right finger.
Love new xmas tape
my bass player showed up to rehearsal in his GI combats...must be a bass player thing.
Games are Art, But Hilary Goldstein is Still Right
So glad my mom is going
are they willing to credit your bill for the time you didn't have service?
good for u...I can't motivate this early
if you could guard anyone, living or dead?????
Happy Birthday to a loving, creative, and special friend = > ! Wishing you all the best! Enjoy your day! Love & Blessings.
You'll find out who your true friends are :) I love you!!
Pretty girls! :)
My offseason #Brewers priorities: 1) shortstop (defensive focus); 2) find a bat (1B, 3B, OF); 3) bullpen restock
because hater hate you just cuz they aint you<33(:
Well This Saturday Night...Wasnt Whats I Expected...#BetterLooksTomorrow~!
we could have used you tonight!
get some sleep girl
Good how are you. Having your coffee?
Then listen to me! ;-)
#AgesofTheEarth Project is about to be Dope just wait people
RT Good Morning everyone!!! You're here because your purpose isn't complete! Live your purpose !
#WhenIGetMarried my husband will come home to a clean house, home cooked meal and a nice massage
#WhitePeopleGoogleSearch Clothes for my dog & a leash for my kid.
Congrats on finishing the first draft. Hell comes tomorrow! *smiley*
Typing & using computers are no longer skills, they are basic requirements to function in society - like reading. Get your savvy on.
Ugh I wake up and my Gage is on the floor and I try to put it In and it feels Like the whole got smaller wtf?
What are Jews supposed to do on Easter? Everything is closed!
definitely made a mothers day song for his mom!
some girls are "filthy by association"
RT - Ethan- "youre from Florida, do you know the Miami Dolphins?!" i love my roommate
Coffee, breakfast, zumba toning class at the gym & visiting with friends!
me too
Is anyone else's iPad app not marking messages read after reopening? WTH
My mouth hurts!! I hate the dentist.
I missed Twitter ;D
Can you plz YouTube it? ;)
Hungry af im thinking subway *shrugs*
Welcome! Have a good weekend as well!
No time to tweet? Create a habit of sharing says at
We are happy that you enjoyed the dialogue. Thank you for watching!
Less than thirty minutes until Amile Jefferson picks a school. Where do you think he's going #BBN?
thanks for the follow girl ! it wont let me follow back tho :(
when are we getting to 1000 followers? Id love to give away some studio time to #1000, lets make it happen! www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
How old r u?
walao grace keep killing me. Just give her free kill lah. Sit here and wait
Do not be more passionate about Christ in public than you are about Him in private. Let it #BeReal or not at all.
At this point in the tour/drive/meltdown our conversations are little more than a series of disgusting pornographic non sequiturs.
I love it! Shows they are a true part of the team...
Are American natives called west Indians?
Every morning is a mother fuckin blessing
Be sure to join in the question and answer session for our Discovery webinar session!
Please tweet me? Iloveyou dearly and im heartbroken. Worse day ever! But you always make me feel a million times better:D
MT : Very excited about the upcoming #smbmad #UWSocial event. Glad I checked email on a Sunday morning.
Just when I start feeling homesick RT : $23.50 for 12 bottles of beer. Can't get over how much we get hosed before we get hosed.
Enjoy all of the games at McFaddens today!
then he's not worth your time, and yes it takes a while to get over it
Self made, you just affiliated.
i wax that ass no q-tip
RT “: Something I'll never understand: Guys who brag about all the weed they smoke.. Then complain bout how broke they are...
uh oh, didn't realize there was a danger of impacting the whisky fund...
all the things you bitch about, YOU could have done something about. Gas prices, jobs, taxes.. You have failed as a leader.
I want to be reincarnated as a college student in Boston.
We are back at full speed today, and sorry that you probably missed our April Fool's Day posts (2/2)
Great Day to have a beer on the Mpls patio. On Tap Summer Furious & Bender Air
*set you
I'd fly over Salt Lake tomorrow…
Thanks for the follow, Terica
hey. is there a dm limit per day?
I've met celebs; Jobros, Adrienne, Chelsea Handler, Brad Cooper, Jessica Biel, and more. But i still haven't met my idols yet; =(
i know that's right! It be like that some times buddy
go on my bloggy to hear song
Only slightly oxidized...
Taylor Allerdice ~ Taylor Gang over everything ~
According to the Chicago announcers....our CBs are Beslee and Collins...,
Go write a novel.#gogata RT The University of Florida is the top-ranked college that was founded as a penal colony.
Can't pronounce it. But I like the pick.
#CTO discussing a network-centric approach to business commerce, much like our personal social networks.
LIE! Me nah strong Mende titi I no dey play games lol
Thank you!! I felt like this day would never happen!
#thatmomentwhen you feel like someone's lying to you but you're afraid to ask them <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Good coffee, light traffic, Blondie & Pat Benatar make for a great commute. TGIF!
R.I.P. Etta James and thank you for your beautiful voice and music that will be cherished forever!
rewatching #SweetHomeAlabama from start surprised you said Chelsea - love #Chelsea/Flatiron District. Any fave places you like?
And Mark Cuban the Pirates. RT: : Inspired my Magic, I wish Duane Kuiper would buy the Indians.
woah, byword rocks. Where has it been all of my life.
Many thanks to new followers! Please visit www.scribemoderne.net or contact for more info :)
youre the only person whos coverage of pretend rich morons with over-inflated egos () i enjoy. keep it up, please!
it's cool, found it! Bart-bound.
Seriously. My big toe is on fire. :( This can't be good.
“ Interesting to see my sons #Malonza and #Alex representing Kenya in #BigBroAfrica . Go - & ”
love being in LA for school but will ALWAYS and forever rep my home sports teams :) hahaha
do we have something to say ? Lol
This Friday! Join us for the opening reception of Necrocracy & Grandalism! 6-9pm. Refreshments provided by &
Doubleheader tomorrow!
Rose and Noah out of this game is giving me terrible Cutler/Forte flashbacks
shit I believe it lol": Illuminati RT : Starting to really believe tha Kennedy family is really cursed...smh that.some ish"
If you wait for someone else to make you feel loved, you are going to be waiting a long time.
How is somebody gonna get a makeover and still be ugly as hell smh
Extreme Thing tomorrow? Extreme Thing tomorrow. (: RT if you're going!
Thank you again for your help and insight. I appreciate it every time!
I'll neva stop bein da kind, compassionate, funny, loving, thoughtful person I am I 'ont care what ppl do ta me...
Lead me to the cross Where Your love poured out Bring me to my knees Lord I lay me down Rid me of myself I belong to You... -Chris & Conrad
very very good doodle O_O wow girl you are an artist
you are my role model. please don't fall in to the temptation of drinking. I'm straight edge for the exact same reason u are
On my way to a shoot!!
zing! I fux with both of them too!
So is his batting approach
I'm so fucking bored I want my old job back, actually, I'm taking it back! It'll be cool to have two job then!
hahahah yep I just can't stop taking pictures of you. #obsessed O___O
I just thought of something I forget about completely and somehow supposevely had dejvu.
InsideView Sees More Efficient Sales Compensation Management with Xactly
3 minuits til lunch, which i have no money for <U+E023>
No it's today!
What a fantastic Friday! Lots of sunshine, mid 70's. Nothing against Fox 6 but I can't wait to start my weekend!
RT ": Your relatives didn't fail to ask you a million questions about why you're still single. #foreversingle”
today was such a great day, it made me appreciate
Thanks for spreading the word about Bruins and the Budget! It should be very informative for students.
my company needs someone to redesign our website. Do you have a portfolio?
Last post quoted from Richard Layard - The Financial Times, March 11, 2009
Today, last year Austin & Alex made a lip syc video Friday by RebeccaBlack wow fime flies.
Eric! How are you? Just discovered your blog, love it!
hahahahahahaha!!! How do you even mess that up
LOL what? How do you know her then?
I hope everyone's OK.
RT “: When stickers won't come off FFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU”
I can't imagine a missionary facing a bigger challenge than the NY Jets Locker room.
Thanks for the RT! Create a great day!
lol I feel tht hell bring him thru too!
do your followers "listen" to you if you tell them to follow someone?
You already know bro. All Mac Everything. That's like asking what shoes better jordans or lebrons. Apple!!! Bro
Merry Christmas to you all!!!!
Hey people. Meowzibub is here. I just finished smoking a blunt. Anyone wanna dance?
I did.. you are the first person to notice! The old stylist had been giving me a mullet, so they cut it differently..
damn, how does that even happen?
“: GARBANZOS!” all you need is the guitar :-)
The question is whether or not he paid for it with his own money.
Re: Roger Dennis quote - shouldn't dramtic program improvements in law school improve ROI? Not seeing much ROI in this market.
I hate when uses for shipping, , are better. UPS is absolutely useless.
No straight man should use instagram that much.
its not big deal. sounds like and had it under control
Fuck yeah! :D
Who is headed to the Concierge Preferred event at the Crystal Gardens today? Stop by and see us for a chance to win a 32" TV.
I hate having dreams about zombies chasing me. Feeling a lot better now that Patrick Shields said that zombies could never exist lol.
Braun struck out, tomahawk chucked his bat towards the dugout and slammed his helmet. Roid rage?
I wish you were here. I miss your arms wrapped around me. The way you'd look into my eyes. Your touch. Bottom line: I miss all parts of you.
How can I help you today?
You're only lonely if you don't like the person you are alone with. -Wayne Dyer
Justice mixtape = all i'm listenin to :)
It's ridiculous. I've been to 6, yes 6 stores this week with nothing. So. Frustrating.
I need/want a Twitter boyfriend Lol. Just for fun! :) xx
Thanks to my #storylines!!! #RigSoHard RT : thunder vs lakers series and clipper vs spurs series are going to be really fun to watch
Gordon Hayward almost made this discussion moot 2 years ago
Seattle, how are you spending your snow day today?
Wow!!! That was a deep encounter! I wish I went to one of these at least once a month
I'm following you! :-) trying to start up my Twitter!
Stretching my legs after work with a walk up Broadway. Never know what Adventures will find you when you walk outside your day to day
Wat a bad day
CSS Jacksonville is now staffing for bi-lingual customer service positions
Your lucky they didnt find it on you
Going driving soon
Smoke Cannabis - it's the real thing!
Thanks dude.
the answer lies in the empty seats in Indy tonight.
Don't look for pity. Nobody cares.
Anyone else remember the Cine 2000 at Sea Breeze? What was the song they played?
And I'm clearly on DVR delay.
Oh how I missed my spouses in 96
8 tracks finished for the new upcoming album, "Groove" "Like" this if you wanna a sneak peak at the new stuff!!
Time to shop :) ..xo
Kings of Leon. Closer. Love this song;)
: "Legitimately scary, too drunk to care"! haha
The Chicago storm knocked out my Internet connection. I was on a roll, too. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
that's my favorite episode of season 1 but I don't like when Emily falls! lol
162 West Grand Avenue, Chicago,
Lets get it togetherr .
I know you are going to , but what about the art museum or botanical gardens?!
Thank you for the RT's!
you're such a dumb bitch, i don't know wether to hit you or feel bad for you.
Holy crap 30 rock is MURDERING right now!! I slept like a baby indeed hahah
Such a boring Monday!
Super. Fucking. Tired.
I hope it was mine.
Hi! i love u
So in two years I get to go to this right?
RT : I don't like the trend of people posting news via auto feedzilla. Value comes from personal curation of links, not auto < Amen
fantastic. Would love to talk with you more?
Can you please contact me when you have time.... you were recommended and i have a few questions... thanks
&..Im Feeling SEXY & FREE:D
"To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong." -Joseph Chilton Pearce
bieber releases his tour dates!
We are headlining I believe so not until after 8pm at least. Hope to see you!
Mickey Perry?
my roommate and I are in complete agreement. He also resembles a serial killer.
Old niggaz in the closet havin a hard time to hang up! .......... #MoneyNevaSleepz on da way
tupac was on the stage at Coachella that was awesome
ESPYS were pretty good last night. Seth Myers was funny as HELL during his opening skit...he should host every year
but does he call her back?
22 miles on bike in 102 degree temp today. Reminds me of 1989 Ironman and road to Havi.... Hot and Humid
that's incredible!
yeah we were at this place & my sister got a half rack of ribs & she ate them all then ate like half of my other sisters
:0) you're good. Hopefully lunch soon with the crew!
S/O to all my new followers! Follow my tweets for new updates and videos!
VERY well done!
Follow me please :D.,.
Friends don't let friends front tuck......
LOL, now this moment needs to be caught on camera :)
Force* RT “: Happy Star Wars day everyone, may the fourth be with you (;”
You wanna see my TRACKLIST ??? W.O.R.D.
On KISS 108, Boston NOW until 10p tonight... listen on iHeartRadio every night 6-10p!! :)
If you are walking slowly in front of me, don't get in my way when I try to pass you, kthx
i get to schedule for my last classes of college for the summer today!!!
Thanks for the shout!
Angels and nightingales. Levon Helm.
82.5 million moms in the USA!
Disposal options vary depending on where you live so there is no simple answer so our page just has suggestions for options
So, if you don't have Netflix and you don't want any of the 12 movies in Redbox...where do you rent a movie these days?
PA Lt. Governor, Jim Cawley is at our Pittsburgh office today talking about the tech scene in Pittsburgh. :)
RT Never expect loyalty from someone you just met
Q: Why did the clown cross the road? A: To find his rubber chicken.
Happy Friday indeed.
You guys thinking about making the trip up for this?
Whether it’s Google or Apple or free software, we’ve got some fantastic competitors and it keeps us on our toes. – Bill Gates
Now that I think of it, Kate was the daughter of a Baptist preacher. I hope she is loving in California by now!
Yep. Those days will make me happy. :)
ok..leave all ur followers in suspense..I get it. Congrats.
I know, I'm weird as fuck. I'm trill as fuck too cuh cuh.
I thought about it. But living in city makes it a little extravagant perhaps.
Cheers Arielle! \m/
Blessed are those who raise their voices for justice, they shall be heard.
Filming a movie out our house! This is going to be interesting. (: I love acting though...
Thanks for sharing! Hope to see you there!
i love it! she is so pretty.
True story.
He's not even that big!
nothing but love back sis!!!
Sorry for the less than stellar start to your hosting experiencing w/our company. Please follow for updates ^CH
An Englishmans home is his castle.
When shane told screams anything, I'm a happy girl. <3
Gorgeous day! Finishing my presentation outside then playing all day!
i love
Rain again? Oh boy.
people who tweet me and Gorgeous!!!!!!!
He's the only one in this race who went to OH to campaign against the assault on public employees collective bargaining rights.
on pandora <U+2764>!
im listening to the shins over and over again, this music is the best...love it
Clijsters gives a break back to Azarenka. 5-3 for Azarenka, who is now on serve.
Nic Green (WearitoutID) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
Thanks! Will do! Follow Dive officially or www.facebook.com/diveband
happy mother's day to my wonderful mother. She is the strongest woman I know after every single thing she has gone through and endured.
Jam on then..Don't stop! I love it
look whose talking and I had a rough night
Do you two need to get a room?!
Any dancers out there fundraising for earthquake and tsunami victums? if so, contact allegrodancecompany.net we want to help !
YOu're the kind of guy that makes me weak<3
RT : Trust is slowly earned, easily lost & impossible to gain back with a
Heck yeah im getting out of this place asap already blistered my hand :/
LMAO #icant with you. I had so much fun with you yesterday.
Tell me something inspiring... please....
MT Lost in Casteel's move to Arizona is the Univer H.S. is losing a great middle linebacker (Jeff's son Jake).
yeah, it's pretty much browse-only. I like that it implies mess and rummaging can be interesting/rewarding though.
Watched the boys during the live stream yesterday. Oh boys:'). -K
Right now? If so, we're next door neighbors!
u should follow me, js :)
random thought from last night's meetup on Mahout. It's not 1.0 yet as its algorithms have no standard input/output format
I need a fire inside...something to keep me going. Because I have nothing.
I shank you.
seems like he needs 9,000 lbs of cement to put a basketball hoop in the ground.
Happytown was on ABC and got cancelled in 6 eps never airing the last 2 they had. HUGE internet campaign to save it but....
ok, my #Pinterest name is cmnaulty, where are you and ?
So let me get this straight when people say mean things about you i deffend you but when people say mean things about me you agree with them
My church take so long passing out communion
You are all sons of frattoys through faith in partying with sluts
I was born to drink cause my bday is cinco de mayo !
first cod tourney in a month!
talking everyday to not speaking
RT : #FF the perfect combination! ..Thanks I certainly think so!
Spending the afternoon making homemade lasagna and coffee ice cream for tonight.
I had a dream dat #oomf was doing some freaky shit to me
fab location! RT : had 'Wichcraft for lunch at Lincoln Center today.
Apartment TOUR Plus furniture shopping OOTD - ikea furniture
Why u so beautiful :D
I almost shed a tear when my mentee's 80 year old grandmother came to thank me for making an impact at the high school graduation. #mentor!
#3wordstodescribeme better than you
Making a living is not the same thing as making a life.
is there 9 other ppl n topeka tryna hoop today??? prolly not
i wondered about the cube... are the windows all weird?
thank you
That moment when you and your sis compare butts... Hhahah
california. 30 days. must. get. insanity. beach body. #LEGGO cc:
I haven't! I know it's J.K. Rowling's favorite.
Thanks for following Mason!
Hold on to your creations...cuz peeps are lazy and want to come up on what you've created...intellectual property rights..sue their asses!!!
Mr. Santorum do you support the Drone Provision in the FAA ReInvestment Act?
sure why not
On our way to Philly for Annual Meeting. Welcome reception this evening.
OK thats it for me. Wishing everyone a great night.
Great message from David Mohan today and super class on generosity by my friend Mart Green now for closing tonight.
is it free parking in the Square today it just the lots?
and so is Eli and Alexander
thanks for the follow back!
I still miss Boston. Always will!
Good morning everyone :) and Happy Friday!
Hey Guys, Please help us get started on here and "LIKE" our page. We need to get this out of the gate.
do it! I miss you so you basically have to.
Nothing caps a shitty day like getting scolded by a driver for standing too close to the back door on a jam packed bus. Thanks, dude
feeling trapped and isolated as bloody usual
Keep me posted on the schedule....would love to help promote Dogwood Dell!
Meh - She was a non-english speaking old lady. My venom would have been lost on her. Plus I was too shocked to react.
the cone zone is freaking me out
Are you on #tumblr? Send us your handle! We always love to see what library advocates and friends have to say there.
follow me??
So sad to hear about #AmyWinehouse! It breaks my heart!
Look at all these failed journalism majors on Access Hollywood.
i better be included in this..
I'm not trippin off the 150k bail that the judge set for him
At the time of #RubenSalazar's death he was a columnist and news director at Spanish-language KMEX-TV 34
You are free to be happy. Happy Friday!
Having issues with my lists. Anyone else having this problem? Will only go back to tweets from this morning.
Life's too short to sit around miserable
Most people would succeed in small things if they were not troubled with great ambitions.
haha, tix go on sale sat, but we may wait...we talked no wives or kids, but that's not definite
everyone is out or asleep
#20ThingsAboutMe im good at figuring things out & puttin pieces together so dont try & play me like i was born yesterday !
#becauseoffacebook i can STALK yOU NOW LOL WHOOP!!
Nice! RT : Building a new web site with today. I'm really getting to like this distribution.
Happy New Years DK!
I can have such a perfect day but once I get with my mother my day always turns grey. I gotta deep up out this house.
#FF Awesome People-->
Thrilled to be performing Beach, Villa-Lobos, Stevens, Damase with outstanding #ICA performers on 09/20/10 at St. James' Cathedral at 5:30.
Chocolate & Wine tasting Mondays! Tonight- 2 Chicks with Chocolate and Paumanok 2007 Merlot. 7:00 PM / $20 fee inc. a box of chocolate
I'm pretty sure Kenny Rogers and Mickey Rourke share a face.
I may just cry if doesn't have a pool this summer :'( </3
How did your interview go?
The Rolling Stones, "Cocksucker Blues" big 10-inch record
yeah man. I got a new setup this past summer.
The reason 8-13 year old girls scream and the reason the rest of us are deaf.
good luck with that. I bet it doesn't take them long. I hope for your sake! Sleep well!
Feeling like crap tonight. My head feels all sinusy.
RT : Early exit polls out of Ohio and Tennessee show a hesitant electorate split in crucial contests.
I CaNT FIND MY PHONE!!!
I love my Tropical Beauty Maxi!!!!
When in doubt
I bet i do ! lol
where u at
I did my good deed last night. Gave mine to a kid last that didn't get one. Felt pretty good!
May or not have gotten retweeted by my favorite tv show today. Also may or may not be chugging champagne in celebration right now.
Goodnight tweeters!!! Keep up the awesome tweets!!
haha you liked that random line didn't ya?! :)
There are 100 #LMA12 Quickstart attendees! What they want to know: how to measure results, get buy-in & make business dvlpmt plans!
Pool side.
Hey, Girl!! How are you?? Your new picture is awesome!
Getting excited for Tip's on friday! We have burlesque dancers and Easy Company opens...don't miss it!!!
“ With God, NOTHING is impossible!”
Messed up audition great. Love when my voice cracks mid song.
About to watch The Grey
RT : I hate when you see a fine girl out at a bar and then she walks by and she's got no ass.
patio what??
Breathe, carry on, repeat. #EdwardSharpe&TheMagneticZeros
Is it this or that I know now you decide
Diner waitress just said I look 29. Fudge. So much for the start of this roadtrip.
I thoroughly enjoyed Sleeper Agent's live session on The Alternate Side.
I can't be tempted.
This is an Aris and Cortez relationship..Bitch move out the way
Gm tweeps $alute! When you believe in yourself you already won! $alute to congrats many blessings and beyond get em luv.
Updated website! Check it out! www.twistaid.com
come to church Sunday night!
one of my favorites. “: “Well, I gotta go learn a bunch of people’s names before I fire them.” #OverheardAtSCDP”
Hittin the road! Ski time!! :)
I'm good thanks. Had a good time with friends last night. How about u?
I saw a bunch of commercials for that this weekend. I'll have to try it. I use Almay's Smart Shade now.
U know ur sex life is slow when ur best action comes from ur iPhone's vibrate setting.
best story i've heard all day! Hahahaha
Well til next year bulls -______-
I have to get a nice present for my older sister her birthday is just around the corner !!!!!
alright i'll see this weekend
I miss our late night vent sessions....
California bound!
Gym time
I don't know yet!! We're still planning! I'm excited though. :))
There are no seven wonders of the world in the eyes of a child
I think that's a good return on investment.
I know Baylor v Xavier, isn't a dream game, but way to many empty seats.
have a great trip!!
Gm twitter world!
David from Texas says I will definitely come back
Falk has responded to you when you've made a nasty comment?
Awesome! RT : I taught you well. RT I take my
mint juleps! And hats
#cloudfairseattle Welcome to the stage Marten Mickos for the Keynote.
yeah sounds good. We can go on a few dates b4 the wedding, or just go out after the ceremony, whatever works time wise haha
It can't be 2012 already ....
The Crate & Barrel PO came in...for real this time! with an extra added bonus..there are 4 instead of 2! woohoo!
Long Live House in Boystown & Beyond!! See you tonight. The Promoters of the Salvation Party will Be at United House Tonight! Yay
I honestly love baseball and take it so seriously , #ImABaseBallFreak (:
A Shoutout to follow her now!!!
Heck, even Bob Knight got recruits out of Chicago, despite refusing to do business w/ most Chicago HS coaches
Correction... copyright policy was in good faith, but still allowed a few cases of infringement.
Because I want to nap, the neighbors are all leaf-blowing and all the bill collectors and robo-politicos have decided to call.
I'm in Milwaukee Baxter's not here, please pass this message along to Ron, most ricky tick .
Breakfast was great! Had steel-cut oatmeal with raisins.
Nice work on the recent update. Working in WordPress has become a snappy affair.
hope ur ready for a slaughtering in black ops when I get back haha.
great, see you next year..
Can't wait to go home and check out our new Liftmaster 3280 garage door opener. Have more exciting things going on in your life? Screw you.
Just a reminder: CRJ is closed for Presidents Day tomorrow!
Time change - 2pm TODAY- RALLY w/DANNY GLOVER and Team Ross at 24th & Mission!
I need to wash my hair like 20 times do it lightens up.
thanks for including us!
Completely shot and hungover today
tyrelle is lying!.
Happy Mothers day my mom my lovato
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Beard Papa's - Dessert (live updates)
Good Morning Twitter. It's #humpday. Most PCs seem to go down today so treat yours with a little extra love.
Woah! That's awesome!
Good morning to everyone, and Happy Thanksgiving!
you're right and we have only gotten worse.
Jenny in Forest Gump; Apollo Creed in Rock IV; Goose in Top Gun; Private Pyle in Full Medal Jacket; The Terminator in Terminator 2...
Seems to fit a right wing pattern...I notice it every election...they must think that sign size translates into more votes
Glad we're a must see. We'll see you in our theater!
Two tattoos, but she said she want plenty more (;
Well that was awesome...
- okay... even worse. its switched to "lady in red" and "wicked game"
Athletes are often viewed one dimensionally. To be successful you have to be multi-dimensional.
love drinking detox tea before bed.
u guys are hosting a content n i havnt heard who won yet? if no1 has pick me!
JFC...It's Friday...why are you being so difficult? I should not have to work this hard on this project!
“To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.” — Anatole France
Wow man! That's a really good picture. It's definitely worth a thousand words! <3
The greatest results in life are usually attained by simple means and the exercise of ordinary qualities. - Owen Feltham
DASH diet gaining popularity, ranked #1 by US News and World Report.
Follow my partner in crime shes new to #twitter and cool as fuck so lets keep her locked in!!! ;)
Cory (whathappwhoami) thanks for the follow.
Great 5 mile hilly run with my running group! Now off to teach spin then to a movie matinee!!
Thanks! Same to you!
RT : Lowe’s Women Build Clinics help train volunteers with the knowledge needed to make a difference on build sites.
Why are all the news trucks out in Monte Vista?
#ThatAwkwardmOment when sum1 try to be an asshole but realizes they arent as smart as they thought they were
seriously, it's just one space after a period. one space. we are not still typing on manual typewriters, people.
(channeling Jules Bass) You just put one-tweet-in-front-of-the-other !! La la la...glad you're here :)
chill!! He gotta chill lol
Girls who are shaped like hot pockets have no business taking full body pictures.
Nothing but the beach this summer .
do you know if it will be on vinyl? I love that record so much.
literacy is the ability to comprehend & create texts (broadly defined) to understand & share meaning/ information/ imagination
Heading to Tucson, Az on wednesday June 27. Can't wait!!!!!
Cant wait for some bball!!
you wish you were more like
House is full of smoke! Can only mean one thing.....I'm cooking! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
One more time-JBIZZ :*
Enchiladas for dinner <3
Print is alive & well--how do I know? Because 16 fall books are lined up on my dry erase board. Recommendations 4 project tracking software?
Prepping for new classes I'll be teaching this coming spring and new TV programs we'll be doing! As a matter of fact those two complement e…
When is my AEA mandated break? I need a smart little cocktail!
replied to
I heard ticketmaster is starting a convenience store chain that just charges you to go into other stores
You idiot! I didn't order a bologna sandwich, I ordered an abalone sandwich!
When we think God is doing the least He's usually doing the most and testing our faith in the mean time. -J. Meyer
thankyou, and yes I liked it too :) yw :))
Alright, alright! I'm tapping. I'll submit to TWO fricken alarm clocks, but I won't like it!
I know i dont have many followers but who gives a fuck. Lol
Two must-follows: & Thanks for your support of & worldwide. You rock!
Thanks Mike. #FF Hope you're doing well. :)
I want you. More than I should. & I feel like crying.
Gearing up for a business lunch
“The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary” – Vidal Sassoon
so then why dont you singlehandedly save the game and develop the "real" ending
The next few songs back from the mixer will be more toward the rock side. "Temporary Sanity" is coming soon.. along with "Sketchy", and...
Make up your mind! Either hate me or love me! No inbetweens
Devon will you please follow me?
Hope everyone had fun at here at the studio last night! I know we sure did.
Thx for that shoutout...much appreciated!!! Have a great day!!!
im sorry that sucks. And she probs wont pay back cause she doesnt see you often or anythaanngg
That's exactly what she does too! Ahaha.
I spent the eve listening to "Norman Centuries" podcasts. Those Williams & Henrys giving Carolingians a run for their $
NWS has issued a Tornado Warning for Chambers, Lee & Tallapoosa Counties until 02:30 PM
thx for the
no golf for me this weekend unfortunately.
I b on that! Lol
Just ripped a fart that sounded like someone sneezing while submerged in pudding.
So. Frustrating. Also, I just don't think there's a line item for this kind of thing in Infowit. =P
names Olivia (: if you want a photo, use my icon? xx
original or new one?
Relationships last long because two people made a choice. The decision to keep it, to fight for it and to work hard for it
thank you! We are thrilled!
Had a great time speaking to the ladies of tonight! Sometimes, you just need the power of a group to move forward!
boop love u
Bout time they charged zimmerman!
At bw3's with the family and bestfriend! Good Sunday :)
The ascot is distraught. :-(
i just woke up and ashton kutchers twitter was up on my computer. am i sleep gay? am i being punked?
Funny you mention that, I was thinking about doing one soon! RT : stickam soon??
RT : Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them. - Hugh Miller
"but i am not that fearless."
Thanks for the retweet! :-)
bROCKING the ANCHOR INN in Anacortes, WA tonight! then a 14 hour Drive to Boise. ID. WHO :|
Loving this time of the year! Playing the seasonal songs in the office seems to brighten up this foggy morning
Matilda = best new musical
yes I. Have two copies of that album would you like one!
that's so freakin' cool! Send the link when you're done!
My brother loves to get drunk ninja you have to school tomorrow
This game shows you just how bad the Cubs are.
RT For A Shoutout First To Reply Will Get A SUPER Shoutout
looks awesome :)
A photo, please? (See, I'm just through chapter 2 of the 18th edition...)
Just got done writing an email to Hopefully he gets it.
Great webinar yesterday! Like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you predict & respond to a crisis. Follow me 2 DM?
It's a good post. Something that should be obvious but I'm not sure I've seen anyone point it out before. Well done sir.
listen well to the ones who love you then
My grandson won me a down Packer jacket on ebay for just $25! It’s NWT (that means New With Tags). I can hardly believe my luck!
you who else lol
Well kind of at PNC, at Mullens having a beer or six. I'll be making my way into the game in a few.
we are updating the site...so site should be up shortly :D
hahaha man i done gave up on hanging out with you haha but get yo jumper up baller ha!
Monday was "Read What Ya Got" night, first share of #dareproject scripts amongst writers. Great stuff, can't wait to share w/ everyone else!
Booted the cat out of my room and shut the door when he started trying to wake me up at 4:30. Not acceptable.
It can be done, but she has to want it for herself RT : Can you turn a hoe into a housewife??
Hey stranger how are you text me hahahaha
no, I turned it off like 5 minutes ago. Hahah.
I don't care what you guys think I STILL want Justin Guarini.
oh, that sounds a lot more important! Hope everything is okay.
Maine is a cool state to which I am headed. I aint comin back to this hell hole, either. You can keep your Perry Queen and 100+ degrees.
watching David Lee try to play defense is also a personal favorite.
Ed Sedar is the Nicolas Cage's agent of coaches.
:( I hope you feel better!
yes he's been around a little after Bieber got discovered but Bieber wasn't as big as he is now haha
March 19 and it's snowng..! Gotta love Oregon.
FC: It would be great. .. They led NFL in sacks, couple double digit guys so it would be good thing to play for him.
Hey ! For the month of March we are saving you $15 off ! Bring your $30 and get registered in March!
Thanks, , for the RT!
Just watched your inc5000 keynote. Last question response was HILARIOUS! Roll deep baby!
u have skewl already?
lol,guess you dont like alarm clocks
That depressing moment when you think you have a chance
Howard Co. Councilwoman Courtney Watson speaks in favor of the bill: a matter "of fairness & equality". HoCo has passed similar bill
Let's go #Bruins!!!!
Circle us on Google Plus or get spanked!
i text you - no response. i qet on twitter - a thousand tweets fill my timeline. wassup with that ?
I heard Jordan was coming back to the bulls next season
it wasn't even my name...
Jillian, did you ever get my second email? Were you able to figure out my HIMA membership status?
Great event from my friends at RFDC. Rainbow Families DC is pleased to present our 2012 Family Conference on Saturday, April 28 at Georget…
Congrats to all the #2012Buffs!
I'm really attach
Just had my first Christmas ale of the year...wow I feel bad calling this a beer its so much more thank you
"Relentless Forward Motion!" - Tom Riley
Thank you! I appreciate it and love the sock puppet!
Glad to report that AT LEAST 3 demonstrations took place at the hack line this weekend (3 dedicated groups). drivers were glum.
I've liked STP since around their second album. :) So that's about 1994. "Purple" was on heavy rotation during the summer.
I'll take Cam RT : Tebow v Cam an NBC prime-time game on Aug. 26. Oh, and the Sanchez guy, too.
Dad put $598 in my bank account c:
you're right, you did say that, when the reviews started rolling in.
The President is welcome at Conservatory. Slow Jam The News w/ Barack Obama: Late Night w/ Jimmy Fallon: via
i lost my chapstick.
Having an awesome photoshoot right now!
I don't feel stupid for loving you back...i just feel stupid for believing you when you told me you loved me and would never hurt me
I guess that's why they call it the windy city.
#Moore, A Dirty Job. A meditation on death & transmigration of souls & a paean to hospice care. Or another hilarious urban fantasy set in SF
Tears dont mean your losing everybody's bruising... Just be true to who you are <U+E326>
2011.06.29 guest tweet from Baltimore: Camden Yards ballgame / Cards in town vs. The O's / Go J.J. Hardy!
I think my hot 25 year old neighbor chick just did the "on a fake phone call" trick to avoid me hitting on her w/ BS small talk
Out of difficulties grow miracles.-- Jean De La Bruyere
Henderson!!! You guys need to check out one of our locations, email me if you want to be our guest ZOOM
the most shocking part of the story...he likes Celine Dion! That makes this whole thing very suspect. CelineDionGate!
We will help bring #LOVE to #ala11 this year, much like the love you speak about in your writing!
Agreed. RT: So true! RT : Hands down, the best thing about Patachou. The cinnamon toast.
Bachmann hates government forced "abortion pills" for "innocent little girls." Perry suddenly voice of reason.
Thanks Elaine!! :>)
President still fuming about not winning #TheVoice, in regards to military action against NBC, says "all options are on the table
math is so boring.
Watching west side story for the first time xD
yes, to say the least! I'm just complaining, besides I don't know a lick of Finnish! Perhaps Germany (far north). Sehr gut!
RT if your company is a startup company!
": Miss you bro!!!----->“ same brother! Catch up in 2012! Texas Forever
"It's never not an appropriate time for Eiffel Tower Wearing Panties" cc where's Ramona??
If Apple Designed a Bike Light, It Would Look Like This
that's great big sis dm me
In my dreams, David Bowie has a mustache.
Thursday is College Night great drink specials and awesome atmosphere! Best nightclub in SA via
Check out our facebook page and our first ever Bliffert Lumber & Hardware T-Shirt Design Contest!
wtf happened ? You look so beautiful can't be possible !
I JUST WANT TO STAY ASLEEP!!!!!
As a lifelong Rockets fan I'll gladly take a sweep over the Jazz, even if it's not my team. lol
Follow #TripleTuesday for quick, three-word nuggets of #career advice!
Jersey for mothers day:)
Mr johnson:"What happens when you make the wrong choices?" Emma: "your fucked." Me: LOL
lmfao you're so fake though.
Went to school then ate Fuzzy's with the daddio, where he surprised with a tee, going to get my nails done then off to work.
Like a true Londoner.
#kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Fri, May 11 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
I was hungry..so i ate a cracker
In the booth sweatin' out a mixtape hits while sleeps!!! Stay tuned
Getting ants high
Van Morrison #music makes any day that much better... your thoughts?
This morning has been all about script notes. One as DP, the other as my first paid directing gig.
No nail biting as polishes boom
IDK. I kinda wanna say Runnin is my favorite.
thanks for the paperweight!
I know why vinny dint went:(
#YouKnowShesTheOne when she doesn't smash the computer over your head for being on Twitter all damn day. "RIP Facebook"
I'm srsly dying and dehydrated but I hate water ew
Robert H. Schuller: Let your imagination release your imprisoned possibilities.
wasn't doing that to make fun of. how have you bee? are you back in baltimore?
GOOD WORK GUYS.
Looking forward to your visit--feel free to DM in advance for any assistance.
points out that Raburn is 9 for 15 against Harrison, knowing stats like that can only mean 1 thing....gambling???
#Titans playing their way to a Colts victory
Ugh. Why so sleepy today?
RT Robert Whitley Opened Chateau St. Jean's 2002 Reserve Malbec at Dobson's ... Paired it with a perfectly grilled veal chop
Im rollin up this killer, sippin purple sprite.
oh I forgot... A visit from chels too!!!
You stupid <U+263A>
Jesus what a moron! :-)
just signed up for twitter
Pretty Little Liars...so good cant even stand it!!!
dammit woman! Thanks to u, Melissa is walking around our studio in ocassional outbursts of "I whip ma' hair back-n-forth..."
I'm so pissed that #Ringer isn't coming back. I LOVED that show!! Plus, Sarah Michelle Gellar was titties!!
You and me both buddy
Confession20:this is the most important.....I love a girl that can give me my space
Thanks for following me, returning the favor. Watching your tweets.
So I'm gonna have a 2bd/1ba with a HUGE yard for rent in April...
Productive day ahead, 3 meetings and the second draft of an article is starting to take form
Bitch are you comming w me to Dubai??
that link is to chipotle breakfast
"I just want to spend every possible minute of the rest of my life with you." Oh I would marry Peeta in a heartbeat! :')
Every girls story... I ignore nice guys, chase after jerks, then have the nerve to complain about it.
You rarely see golfers on crutches. Just sayin' ;)
You have to look someone in the eye You have to know someone well What's more, much love would give him a picture of on twitter -,-
Play hard, discover more.
After what and her siblings went through .... Im not complaining another day SMH.....I thank God for life
is accounting with
yeah i know. im helping him sell it. its sprint. i have tmobile
Jay Cutler looking very good today...
Urghhhhh forever single '(((
Hi Miami <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Companies reaping billions wouldn't bat an eye at spending a few grand on hitmen and character assassins. Beware the corporate jackals.
OKC Thunder: Too hungry, too fast, too athletic, too good. Lakers may bow out like they did last year vs Mavs. Biggest game of the yr Wed.
nah. exam time tho. i dont have to go once im done my exams
couldn't agree more. I went bra-less for the latter part of the day, it was liberating :)
oh alright man well you went real hard on I Love Music, real dopeness. ‘Prolem (Atmosphere)’ is dope too
i swear mrs bailey changes her mood during break time.
Q. Do you have any special plans for 2013?
Jr. Absolutely stinks. Hard for them to get going without solid play from their point guard.
Mine is bubbling <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> RT : My stomach hurts! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Signing time: ASL Storytelling, literacy activities for all. Sat 3/10/12 South Miami Library 6000 Sunset Drive South Miami, FL 33143
Book your USA #adventure tour before March 25th and bring your BFF for FREE! #backpacking #travel #ttot 1-21 day super fun camping tours!
Warped tour 2012 :)
there was just a point in it that made me think of you.
The safest principle through life, instead of reforming others, is to set about perfecting yourself.B. R. Haydon
It was. But amazing.
Why is bejeweled 2 so damned addictive? I have things to do...
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control, now
Thanks. It's been a rough couple months for him.
Stats prove u r 70% more likely to be in court as opposed to being hospitalized. Will u know your rights? www.prepaidlegal.com/info/walshjp
thts YOUR PEOBLEM! :P THAT should be Me
#gail2010 great active learning exercise on plagiarism with Ga. Tech.
Good Morning! We've got the Christmas playing and we're going to put up the tree today! Got the shopping done, and ready to wrap presents!
Gotta play the GAME raw :-)
i could surely be that girl for you lol
#Giro What we're now being shown is an aerial view of Foligno. A nightmare of highways; not a place for the tourist to drive in.
Ya that just happened..
Guess tonight its me time.......About to shower and pop in a movie and relax
Thank You!
Hey ! Guess what?! Rob and Mia got engaged! Almost nine years after they met they finally got engaged.
*looks up from robot torso with wrench, oil stains, and large plastic reservoir* you mean no orgasms YET
Heartbroken but shouldn't be.
the Pauly d project is boring haha
Amazing football by Barca to open the game. I smell a lot of goals...
Need a ride from Heinz Lofts to Renaissance hotel across the river from PNC Park
Just got back from a lovely art show
Sis. Hope Moore bringing the Mother's Day message today.
ANNOUNCING MWSA 2011 WINNER-Non-fiction Spiritual/Religeous-I Want to be the Fat Pretty One by Lori Kathleen Cline-Silver
RT : presenting on Enterprise Social Software as a Commodity at #Drupal Business Summit
Metz, France...anyone ever been? We found out it's where my ancestors are from thanks to my mom. Learning French and gonna go.
#imagine you and Harry in a restaurant and he gives you a little box and you open it to find a ring. H: i love you *kisses you*
hey everyoone how everybodys day been going ?? mines been great!!!!!!!!!!
Construction spending edges up
this is funny
YES, I AM! RT #JustForToday I AM Connected at all times to Source Energy of Love.
see i at moms. I was away from phone
Plus-Size Clothing Lines
staying home today because I passed out this morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
aye ima keep updating your shit.. but you just gotta put your fan page on your wall so people will like it and share it
those are both really really good! But expensive.
hehehe uncle simon. :p
It's coming along reaally nice!!
No i am not going out today so dont bother asking have a nice day
Thank you!
im going to the game too
We have had a ton of people spreading the word the last couple of days! Very Grateful KEEP IT UP :)
The spirit of Massachusetts is the spirit of America the spirit of what's old and what's new..
hahaha. Yeah I guess that would work too.
I second that motion
Looks like gaeunit will do what I need.
Some Kappa event
Tim duncan goin with the bald ass head look
Never ask a man to do more than 2 things a day... He WILL forget!
SUPPER TIME! Momma made bbq ribs! =D now it's time to bark until they share it with me haha
The standing next to me in the bar just used the term "Hooverville." I'm pretty sure he is in his 20's.
Who has a Mac? I need your help!
Man, is Ty Lawson good.
if she get's people to call in on the radio show we will do a feature on her in the magazine.
Extra cheese & bacon pizza + peanut butter & chocolate gelati = an orgasm for my taste buds.
Can't wait to celebrate this weekend with the only people I care about! :)
And the meltdown continues... Frank McCourt fired Steve Garvey from the Dodgers staff today for being interested in ownership of the team.
thanks so much!
ugh why do my parents do this to me??????? D: I need to move out. haha
Memphis mayfire- the sinner
throw on queen and they instantly change my mood.. everytime
What do we all do when we're feelin bad...We get TWEETment!
cuz youre really nice and friendy. i love people like you.;)
Thanks for the RT! I appreciate that!!!
please follow me :)
Just signed with The Pinkerton Model and Talent Agency, for theatrical and commercial representation.
Happy Easter everyone!
the house was flooded and no one knew why
"The subject of a fine photograph is not important. The light, line and form – these are important." ~Michael Seewald
How's everyone? :)
is all up in the is-ness.
America is a large friendly dog in a small room. Every time it wags its tail it knocks over a chair. —Arnold Toynbee
The average asking price for industrial properties in the metro area was $35.77 per square foot for the month. This shows a drop of 5.3% ye…
Mob outside a store at the mall with the following banner: ONLY 363 days 'til Christmas!
stats will be next to your guys. I will be JoeyDips and my brother is SaulGoode. Trying to get some people on here to try
Laying out
Ms.melara just talks and talks and talks..
lol Bailey didn't know what to say
Communication is the #keyfactor in the success of any
DEAR INTERNET: she is joking, she totally doesn't leave her cars unlocked, nor would she ever admit to that online. Shit's jokes, ppl
40 min to go til my commute home, team! Yesterday was AMAZING driving home to your ridiculous music suggestions. I need more today.
World According to Garp/John Irving. Or Catcher...Rye/Salinger. Or To Kill...Mockingbird/Lee. Or...
's Kenya AA was tasting exceptionally good this morning.
it was my sense of what labors message was.
A huge thank you to volunteer Mikal Forbes, who trimmed our trees this afternoon. You can see the house so much better from the street now!
Good night! I have lots of sleep to catch up on.
#RejectedMittRomneySlogans I was the bully you hated in High School
#IfPokemonWasReal id have a typlosion my favorite one
love that song!
We are takers its what we do, we take
Home Is Where The Heart Is.
join us with charlotte reed pet expert on the www.blockheadradiolive.com on tonight at 7:00
Had a wonderful time at the Pirates game last night! Was anyone else there? I know was!
GOOD MORNING!!!!
when did time go
lmao ...I looked at this dude and kept working out..."I got this" bra bra
Things not to say to a girl shaking her ass: "if you had Parkinson's, that would just be totally out of control."
Just had my first shot of Absinthe.... Let the fuckery begin!
Vernon Davis is a talented fucking idiot!
Lol I think we're the only ones.
Thank you! I needed that! :)
u coming to grams surprise party saturday??
JULIA we're going to miss you so much!! x
just be careful on who u work with and if its worth it
Love is like a brick, you can build a house or sink a dead body
Mo money mo problems !
I am supposed to land (a soft version) at 6:39 Central.
Thank you very much, KP Mackie, for your contribution to Ice Cream Jihad!!
DROPPING SOME #DUBSTEP TUNE IN! www.xradio.biz click listen live HOUSE!
Thank for following me and add me as your friend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
AND I JUST UNFOLLOWED YOU. DUMB ASS
thanks Josh! Miss u buddy!
I did, in the company of children (which helped).
I'm fortunate that I've taken chances, had life experiences, so never have to wonder "what if."
nope! It's all Brew! I can help get you on the list though :)
random tweet : a pigs orgasm last for 30 minutes
Oh god, if you only knew what the person under yours tweeted you would be ashamed!
can't wait for the premiere
ok we gonna see, watch!!!
Kitty hurts ~
Waking up after NyQuil to fireworks that sounds like gunfire? Not fun :-/
NBC is flailing, so what does it do? Cancel its best shows with the youngest and most passionate fan bases
Merry Christmas Eve! Wishing everyone a very Happy Holiday season!
"Everyday she writes words and more words - Just to speak out the thoughts that keep floating inside." ::yael naim::far far::
Happy Monday! How was everybody's weekend?
rooting for a midwest superbowl.go #lions !
Ayers: Collaboration is essential. "4-5 SLACS can do something remarkable." Yes, especially if we partner with a DH center.
Call the hotel directly and mention this TWEET by 1pm PST and receive 25% off of your room rate for tonight!!!! Dial 619-224-3254
Lmao i love ellen!
Good demand for Packers/Vikings tickets, but lots of seats to be had yet for as low as $100
Best wishes on the new company. Looking forward to great things...grand opening party?
Are you guys ready to particpate in the #summersolsticeshapeup ? Starts tomorrow..........:)
PLEASE DONT MAKE PEOPLE NOT WATCH NEXT SEASON AMELIA...
Baby Gap
follow for private convo
Now its just sort of jumping around... I'm sure apple's learning a lot tonight. Hope so, cause this just isn't going to work.
I'm happy that Wednesday is my Friday... having trouble getting started so far today. A full week would kill me.
George W Bush bankrupted the economy, not Obama. We haven't forgotten. Going back to same Bush policies=insanity
Damn You, David Mattingly & CNN! We've been waiting 4 media respect on this issue. You just proved that you are also the enemy!
yea! Will totally do that!
Punk u deleted my tweet to him from yo page
That was a good one. I almost fell for it, too.
We will see. As for this weekend it's nothing but beer. I'm told I should try to work in social media.
What I would do for a time machine
Oh my God about to hop on a plane fly to Austin to get that Nesting.
: Hi B...when are you in the city so that my director can meet with you before we shoot this video?
How u gone give something away that somebody else bought you
Is it by chance that guy? If so what did i win?
that's a good list. I would have Xmen 1st class in there too.
What's a may
In order for my life to begin, I need to leave where I come from.
thanks for the follow <3
What would you do if you got 3 seconds of your life back?
We hope you are having a tremendous day!
Safety on first play....
The room has seating for 15 people.
Trendy hairstyle “Out at the tips ”
good luck in surgery!!! hope you're able to surf again soon! <3
Join us and build a masterpiece at Legos at Lasalle Branch on March 10th at 2 pm. Ages 5 and up. Call 282-4633 for more information.
which beers? Summer ales here yet?
Our fans are the best. Thanks & for sharing the love with
It's a shame when you see someone you love lose their ambition :/
I grew up in NW OH
Mega Millions tonight? Who's winning $540M? If you win, we get half? ;)
Student to adults: how did u get through high school without the Internet? It's so empowering to have access to information.
"I love that normal people ask others about the weather, but we ask everybody about their Wi-Fi"
RT : You have to watch who is speaking into you. You have to monitor your mind. Program yourself into Success ~ Les Brown.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Troposphere
this girl is buggin
*tear* I took all of my Christmas decorations down last night :(
I saw a Ferrari today.. red. pretty sexy
Global warming?
haha idk. But I was the first one to make a keek.
": DIE, #BCS, DIE!!!!" Who will be invited to the LSU invitational?
Looking forward to the show in portland tonight... we got mando rando, , and dwy deisel
So happy it's happy hour! 99cent Garlic bread or sticks, 60cent wings, $2 drafts (dine in only, friends, seeya there!)
home sick. :(
"Everyone lives far away, far far away everyone, does"
QOTN: Oh, there's my phone. I was looking for it. Well, not really...but I was in my brain.
"Director of Decision Sciences"?!? Really?!? C'mon, you're just messin' with us now. Surely there is no such thing...
I just started the most recent season. Is this supposed to be the last season, ever?
I'm tryna see the Hopewell girls party!!
Mathias Hertel -a local- raps, beatboxes(professionally) and sings like an angel. He is all over at local shows - gonna b gr8
Thank you to all the mothers who help empower their children to finish this sentence- "I AM...."- with a positive. Happy Mother's Day!
both would be very cool lol
My BLOG's going to be officially opened to public on Monday! Who will read... who will read?
If Hotel by Cassidy is a throwback, then Usher Yeah is old school and Dubstep is like omg your favorite, right?
Glorify God, the rest will come naturally. #greatwordsofwisdom ,
aw. Thanks for being a fan!
talking behind my back
Couldn't find my planner, which my wife immediately located. Then she called me Mr. Magoo. I love that woman.
My teeth hurt so bad<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A9>
I DON'T KNOW! First I have to get a Prinrbot!
Are you still considering a CC BY-NC-ND as the default license for unglue.it?
Pizza Shuttle & Weed
Final grades are in. Remember with banner it can take up to 24-hours for the grades to appear. It has been fun
“: Way to go Obama! Step in the right direction for human rights”
there were quotes from history related to change in education. things about using new tools, like going from slate to pencil
The "traditional marriage" people who say "One Man/One Woman"… what do they say about single parents, divorcees, etc?
You're the best, my idol, my all, I love you <U+2665> Avril you are the best of my life, you and your voice (: <U+2665>
oh yeah I wanted to tell you why the lady said 180 to make my BowWow shirt into a dress I almost told that lady I'll make my own LOL
OMG, tell that to my editor, And thank you! If you read LGLA be sure to tell me your thoughts.
they are in the dance,& thankfully Victor Cruz is leading that dance...
aight cool. Have a safe trip back and will talk to you soon!
Thanks for the follow, but 5000+ followers and only two tweets? Sounds like the Cubs offense.
So pumped foe softball season to be back. get a 21-12 win
I hadn't used in 4 years. How has it not gotten better in that time? In welcome email hell.
Awe my boo boo :) RT : right here
Lmaoooo I'm going to bed on that one
We will promote anyones music.
Mark Bagnato is now up to give perspective on Why we should care.
Order sent Monday to Barbi in MN!
You could never feel how I felt that day.
We can help you with that Tampico! ;) RT i want nah i need some fanice, chocomilo, kingsbite chocolate, tampico
Sheeit Twizz, we bout to lose our title hopes tomorrow.
Forget my name, you know you wish you could.
Shouldn't it be in a museum or something?
Is a bomb considered "live"??? I didn't think so.
Next time.
LLAH! Dub stupid! Lol RT : "DAMN IT SMELL LIKE SPRITE BACK HERE!" LMAO
I want to drink before I leave to cali wtf let's do somethin
Massage sounds good right about now....m
"When you understand purpose and promise you don't feel the need to race or compete, your goal is to complete"
nahh big mama we out in waco
Finishing touches are being added to my website. I can't wait to share it!
that's awesome! New toy Tuesday?
Typo, I meant "along"
Know of any #dance events going on this weekend? Please, reply to us!
Getting offensive rebounds
Lol they're all so funny!(:
Bored as f.ck in southwest
hey mr. Scott! Have you checked out yet? Looks like a super value, let me know if you or someone you know does
Ty u would
Oh I see lol send a very angry letter?
LOVE YOU!
Official now crying!!!!
We're at #CES in Las Vegas. Lets meet! Digital / Entertainment Marketing / Product Placements / Brand Extensions with Music Artists
Seriously , fix the damn clocks in the ICC.
It's a gorgeous Spring day, and it's Friday! Have a great weekend!
24 hrs in Calgary...here we go
. I know it's at least 1960s old, but perhaps the roots of western rationality/perspectival space old?
thanks buddy!
your pretty ! Not in a weird way. Lol but I wanted to tell youu that. And I just put me as your follower(:
The City Stops Cruiser is comming by the #GarageSale...you should too!
great reporting indeed, especially just returned from country where such controls are nil, can't take for granted
Good morning good #tea people! The salmon's strength comes from swimming upstream. Use the flow. Keep stroking.
its beautiful out here next to Hole in the Wall. Try our Cuban Coffee to sweeten your day! #free samples!
She is our favorite too!!
idc wat nobody say MINDLESSBEHAVIOR is always going to be the best
Woo! RT : Its my friday! Can't wait for and to say I DO.
Britney Is Our Hot Mama trending! We love you ! :D
Opening day. Cubbies lost. We're gonna win the World Series this year!
On a bus in the Lincoln Tunnel sitting next to a pervert.
follow me, i'm your cheek(;
lol, that sucks
awesome! grant proposal I submitted to Knight was for the purpose to increase service delivery in DC
Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today. - James Dean
would love to join man but hangin with #lushcrew tonight.
YUP. Though maybe if I had dark hair and never stopped flexing my arm they would have recognized me.
CLUTCH NIGHT.
LOL. I hate those
nah your future way to bright to waste time with these hoes you need a hit man
I wanna make music right now fuckk
People just beg & plead for RTs and follows. Gross. Who cares. I did use the hash tag tho...LOL... just to see.
Writing a new blog on www.Cash4CarsPDX.Blogspot.com
YO son you should blame for getting you kicked out the #MoneyTeam. Life been rough since he BULLY YOU in the club.
mr brainwash is a douche, that movie pissed me off!!
Boston, MA Hotel Invites Couples to Indulge in &quot;Wicked Suite Sunday&quot; Weekend Bliss
in America we are lucky to get the light rail
Where are you graduating from?
awe thanks! Keep going to class mister!
How u guys liked the newest episode called 'iPartnership With Big Time Rush'? We see that the most of u liked it!!!
lol don't be like that
Barbara Stauffer is chief of temporary exhibitions at At the Feb 16 #DASER, she discusses art-science endeavors at the Smithsonian.
Boring TV nite.
omg did u hear what miss Moore said to me?
Thanks for checking out the crew collage!
aight imma download it right now and then go on freak mode!
me either...like a year and a half ago
kinda tired lol!! august rush a pretty good movie:))
let me warn the machine first. It's only fair.
Do you trust minorities & women more? “: #pii2012 I'm a little skeptical of privacy companies who show staff photos&it's all white guys"
What a day.
hope yall had a blast this weekend in #Juneau next time we doing it super big in
Sounds like an amazing work out! " - On my way to the gym now, Zumba, lower body weights & maybe Swimming."
nah no
Sir we've noticed you've donated blood in the past can we schedule you again? Sorry I'm openly gay now. *awkward pause* o ok.
Get your SNO threads through www.SnoClothing.com
Nice. I keep meaning to try that place.
Digitize Digitize Digitize...story of my life BAH
Back at Spear and Mission tomorrow, maybe cranking out the best pies you can find in SOMA. Well, aside from UPN.
To Love and Back <3
Family Tree Art &amp; DIY Shadow Box « Sweet Anne Handcrafted ...
So I'm at the DMV and a person takin the driving test back into another car parked....#failed no license for you today
The light side of the forth will always triumph over the dark!
haha okay :) and YES we need to meet up soon:)
Doing it Wrong - Drake >
I was just thinking the same thing! #AlliGreetings RT hi stranger
We love you Alona! Hope you had an amazing birthday. :) RT Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!! Warms my heart!!
RT Zumba was great today. Love dancing for my exercise fix.
i love when i am reading your post and there is a new one just posted <3
On my way through the snow to see Avatar in 3D :)
i'm so dead serious right now! no nigga can stop me!
Thank you to #CORT our Championship Table Sponsor for the Professional Member Appreciation Event tomorrow evening. Details, www.sewifma.org
git over here! You always have a couch!
maybe her life sucks and she just needs a friend!
(in chorus) "Hi, Brendan."
I'm a cataloging machine today; it's amazing how much I get done when the office is devoid of coworkers and interns.
it is a good one...I just also need to know what's going on outside the people I follow...I'm nosey lol
Performing tonight at 8PM with ! See you there!
I dreamt about recycling... wtf!? Why can't I have sexy dreams?! Feels like such a waste lol
NOO ARTIES GOING TO GET QUINN ALONE.! >:O
Gracias!! “: Thanks! Great post.”
The man who has no imagination has no wings - Muhammad Ali
Hanging out with sydney at the county fair!
TIP: Delete a hotspot by first selecting it and then clicking on the 'remove hotspot' option in the popup that appears. Easy.
I HATE you.
Fuuuuuck me! I'm tired but Ayla won't let me sleep...
is such a sweetie pie. He made my nieces day @ FSO. Gr8 meeting you.
Cuddling with my pillows<3. Court in the am with my sis
oh hun i completely stopped because I've been sick. I have mono, but im getting better I know it has been awhile and I have an
Martinez: first decision with student led tech program is to ask: what do you want to do, then buy hardware, software to implement
ok. I'm counting on you sir :).
Weird dream. :(
I just want to watch Anderson Cooper. Is that too much to ask for? Lol.
I can see the omitting of PV, but Nasri? Benzema? Another disappointing year for Les Bleus? What's up with Domenech?
I've got to say, though, the difference between multi dim scaling and PCA still eludes me
My favorite wnw product is the new "I luv matte" 8 pan palette! I use it everyday!! :)
RT : #HuskyFest heats up on Thurs. w/live taping of 's #FourPeaksNW (6pm, Red Square) feat. & guests. #Hacking Edu
We need 31 followers to hit 2,000 today! Can we do it? Retweet and let's find out.
Want to win an eLearning course bundle? Come by booth #104 and talk to us!
ITS MY BIRTHDAYY(: can i get a shout out??!! Pleasseee??!!
We're back again! It's time for the Linking Indiana Networking Event on Feb 7th. Come share ur Super Bowl stories with us...
i got a money team they never met mayweather
My mom.gets paid this week NEW TATTOO I.THINK I MIGHT ^_^
do you know of a cool place to blagingo?
loves it too
I see it in stores and i am so tempted to buy it lol but i never tried it. i will buy some friday and let you know how it is :-D
Revolutionary Cleaning: We Can Clean Every Nook and Cranny Of Your Home Or Office. call now : 866-970-2532
Yea, KC blew it last time they were there. Lame. Omaha is the closets we'll be... I believe.
People ain't who they say they is.
related to 1 of bananas RT far at McCarthey Arena spotted have been four bananas, super man and a bunny rabbit.
Love the black and gold! Rich!
Piquero: We must invest in early childhood prevention efforts. Benefits far exceed their costs.
When I tell people rhubarb is a petiole, I get more than a few weird looks.
I got to know Amy when our work appeared the same issue of #SouthDakotaReview Nice to see that poem included in her new chapbook
we love you too, boo!
Since Reza's gone for a few days...I can be his replacement for you. I bought glasses and started growing out my beard.
A WEAK BITCH IZ UH TURN OFF!!!
Happy Mothers Day to & and of course Maura, Karen, and Tricia! Thank you for raising such beautiful boys :) x
I guess people hate capitalism according to Florida. If that's the case, then I suppose I should scream SIEG HEIL to socialism. RonPaul2012
We just want to thank you, La Salita Nation, for the amazing turnout last night...we were packed! Hope you all loved your food!
Don't wanna wait to be helped at the apple store? Cry. On my way back to work w a hopefully de-bugged computer.
whats up love you are so beautiful to me....
The closest ones be the quickest to sell you out and that's real .
we are shooting for a soft opening on St. Patrick's day.
The funny thing is I piped that u wifed that my dick ur girl micd that
I think my students already knew this. #lazy RT : The word "school" comes from the Greek word "skhol" which means "leisure time."
well have fun seeing them sorry niggas lose
Follow me :(
I spent $80 on itunes last night IN MY SLEEP! Including Hannah Montana THE MOVIE soundtrack! I've heard of sleepwalking but I'm a sleeploser
Just watched the Vow. So cute-- sigh
Reading FML's
Can't wait to read it! RT: : Kids and guns; deadly mix. In Sunday's Indystar.
Did the #P90X chest and back workout this evening.
FOLLOW ME. IM YOUR BED ;)
So some dude in Puerto Rico stole my identity -____- perfect
lol! Nope! I know the one you got is cuter :)
Another fav tweet. Seize the opportunity that goes with change! RT It is often Life’s detours that put us back on the righ…
I love nights like tonight...warm wind blowing w/the smell of flowers in the air, big moon in the sky & the sound of crashing lake waves.
And I told you, it's menthol! It's healthier then an apple!
It's my fucking life and you know what? Nobody invited you... so there's the door
#SIB as a new way of addressing chronic homelessness? Let's find a way to take solutions to scale. Risk, innovation, outcomes, partnerships.
My best friend has had a play called SAGUARO produced all over the world in which this is the concept.
me to :) <333333
Happy Friday guys!! Much love!
What I love about graphic design is you can do so much with it be
just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to doesn't mean they don't love you the best that they can!
Yep. Super value proposition: Invest $2,500 to raise $100K+. Most #nonprofits could use $100K+ of major gift revenues!
Just another amazing day in la
At the #AWIDForum? Please join MADRE and our partners at our panel TOMORROW, April 22 at 9AM in the Fener Auditorum!
My choice of verb goes to "licks" followed by adjective: "hairy." RT : Anyone else think Joey Crawford sucks ass?
wish your Mommy and funny GMa a happy MDay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
. asks: if we're interested in ambiguity & vagueness—natural language is the best vehicle; why use anything else?
Happy Mothers Day Moms! I'm letting my better half sleep in. Kids have been up for an hour.
“: Someone will always be prettier. Someone will always be smarter. Someone will always be younger. But they will never be you.”
Nice to meet you and good chat. Many more ahead. Best, Erik
i wish its me haha i love u!
hey asshole. Thanks for texting me back last night.
I am so ready for summer yall just don't know, I'm so sick of being sick!
The bane of librarians everywhere. sigh “: If you don't assess/grade they won't do it #blend12 #DIETribes”
I wanna go bck to chicago already :(
Touché, I should know better than to spar with a mind as great as yours. :)
"Pretty Little Liars" its finally #Aday omg so excited can't wait
happy early birthday :P
Congrats! This should be a great event!
“: you have the life my friend”
I often ponder that I know to much about love for my own sake...
Reading about the strong sense of community Deaf people have makes me want to be a part of it!!!!!
Stuckey, Prince, Wallace, Maxiell, Gordon won the game. Too many Lakers fans at the Palace. C'mon !!
so happy to hear it!
I think they give you access on the first day of HS. Since you got the new OS, you should check with the principal's office.
Some of that unemployment is due to age discrimination. Companies don't want to hired workers over 50 for salaried positions.
I get to call Chunk next week... so... that's pretty cool.
Wishing that this 20 page paper wasn't so daunting
Does anyone know how to rotate images you've uploaded to Twitter?
In victoria'S secret in seattle and ed sheeran just came on! i started freaking out! day complete
Great event tonight with and #NetworkingfofGood!
Are you sure you aren't overlooking a type of quality?
I would like to eat you to
's We're Here Because We're Here is so gorgeous. I'm really excited for the new album.
Radio just mentioned Ian Somerhalder & being in GQ magazine. They called him beautiful. I think the appropriate word is..um..perfect! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Just an inquiry. Networking with classical music radio hosts.
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances. Martha Washington
ppl love to point the finger....esp when its someone ppl either love a lot or hate alot
You'll be in #Vegas before you know it! The fountains are beautiful. How will you be exploring the Grand Canyon?
“: Chicago tryna come get the pack huh?” ya but Elmer Fud tried to catch Bugs Bunny but never could. same concept.
I love how no one answers my texts:)
I've been juggling like a madman today, but it's always a joy. Who else is doing some acrobatic moves today?
each moment of your life is a picture which you had never seen before & which you’ll never see again, so enjoy & make each moment beautiful.
Walking the streets of Nashville
literally five minutes away at the troubadour, and just saw this and laughed out loud while out to dinner with a huge group...
...and all this time I thought my favorite soup joint had the same daily soups as
Congratulations! and @ barbaraphillips for 2012 #AANP Nurse Practitioner Advocate State Award for Excellence
Problem has been that Roberts has had no idea where he is for most of the last year
its cuz I'm white :(
have fun with tht ill be at yal funeral sayin i tld them not to play wit fire~!!!!!! lol jp
I never trust people who don't shut up- it means they aren't listening... Just waiting for the next chance to talk
Ahh, breakfast hit the spot. About to iron these clothes for later then chill.
hey, can you make the CBU wayfinder work like 's starter tutorial? thanks.
Not in a good mood, I feel like baking a cake & eating it all by myself.
we have 1 friend on facebook in common w/o a relevant internet presence. i checked.
A guy who can speak mentioned that snow is slick. So...you've been warned?
Last student meeting! Recapping #aam2012, a good time had by all.
just a normal commute for Chicago peeps
Family gatherings= talks about colleges
you have been guest-listed my dear :)
3 mile run...can't move my legs D':
talks about the tweet incident as a "bad series of events" but simmered once the situation was explained online
Heading to Rolling Stone Club for red carpet party
Last night's episode was brilliant! So grateful to have been a part!
. re Twitter addr bk upload: selecting the 'remove' link yields "Oops! We couldn't remove your contacts at this time."
I'll send you the link!
Yes I cancel a movie with a friend to stay home with you but no your going to the movies with your friends ugh whatever I'm done
I am going to need remedial work - got info faster from friend's phone call (TV news) and AOL. That's pathetic. I think it is my fault
thanks :) now I have to go on that ride :) haha
the role of using CNN
The Eastsider TONIGHT for some Stumble Sign ups. Come have a beer!
Stop by our table at Fan Fest. Say hi, join/renew, sign up for a trip, or a free chance to win a '09-'10 Team Signed #CBJ Parking Sign!
follow back
my sister need to just sit tf down & chill out keep trying pick out these country ass easter heels!
“: Great story by and props to on the hook up.” appreciate it Matt!
November 5th Milwaukee's own Ivy Spokes is playing their debut show with Madison's glam rockers TIGER CLUTCH at Y-not I
GREAT TO FOLLOW YOU. LOOKING FORWARD TO RENOVATE YOUR PROPERTIES TO INCREASE YOUR POTENTIAL SALE AND VALUE IN 2012.
Dane County drug task force: 810 "very high quality marijuana plants" worth about $400,000 found by farmer in a town of Mazo corn field.
You'll be cheating on her as soon as you get back to RICE.
Tebow to Jets for a 4th round pick.
Bingo. ": Katy Perry's Teenage Dream. It actually made my teeth hurt. Got nothing against her; just wish she wouldn't sing."
I guess you won huh
Kicking back and listening to D'Jango, Hendrix and Dylan...a perfect day
I don't think KC could handle more than one team doing well at a time.
Yep, we can do that – email with more info about your party.
Past Perfect :)
many abound. He was accused of some pretty asinine things. Ongoing char assassination stuff. Transparent.
“Humanity has won its battle. Liberty now has a country.” what a way to start a new blog! keep up the good work
I use to party hard as a teenager. Now it's hard for me to take teenagers to parties.
Everything happens for a reason ! I believe it's all for better!
yeah, we'll be out with them next month!
Laurie Ann is her Creative Director, also.
Hey Coach. I miss you too, and I can ALWAYS use a strong-minded + strong bodied person like you, so...come'on! :)
How do I activate my CE account. I purchase CE Image somehow awhile back, but only have an email link.
Its a great read and very informative.
I found your birthday present. You will love me forever. Yes I know I'm a kiss ass
What is the fastest mile you have ever run?
Aaron how often do you work out and for how long ? RT please to me or please
Question from Tadeu on FB: How does one enroll/apply to #LaSorbonne?
#FF Everyone's talking about the economy, so follow our economics professor, and learn something new!
u go out tn?
Absolutely gorgeous day outside. Cannot wait to play in the park with my puggie.
With supporting at their alumni gathering in New York City. It's going to be a blast!
How are Yahll ?:)
hi plz follow
What types of courses work better online and why?
Prom + Drama = PRAMA!! PRAMA 2012..I love my life! ;-)
yup come over!
:( aw I'm sorry. I always have good life advice if you need
Welcome to the Phillies Hector Luna
: I hate people that can fall asleep immediately while I'm laying there for hours thinking about tryin NOT to think -.-
Faith in Jesus allows me to believe the unbelievable.
I told my mom tomorrow's a senior skip day and that of anything I'm going late and she said okay !
how about coffee on tomorrow or on Saturday. I missed you this afternoon after your drop in.
Happy 4th everyone! Cheers and have a safe and happy weekend!
oh okay !
Not even 7am. I've read a chapter for church group, walked 2 miles, and eaten breakfast.
yes maam lol, ironically im on a bus right now
Question around the office... Do you like dealing directly with a venue or do you like going through booking agencies?
You guys hear that Dynamic Truths record that finally came out a year or so ago? Great stuff!
Woman on top position helps women build confidence in bed
Heading to the show! Let's tear this shit up!
It is not in the pursuit of happiness that we find fulfillment, it is in the happiness of pursuit. ~ Denis Waitley
there is too much parsley in this falafel salad.
may or may not surprise you, but was a couch surfer regularly a few years ago.
Listening to Linkin Park all day=Dedicated Fan Fallin asleep while listening to Linkin Park all day=Obsessed=Me(:
Its the Way that i feel when you say what you say to me Keep you runnin through my mind 24/7 days a week! Sorry typo on last 1
« « 1:1 odds mom and dad have already ordered #Rams jerseys. (Though I have no idea what # as 23 is taken)»»
That sucks dude I really hope you get it back soon.
Yes! I loved it! Action packed and funny. Lots of eye candy for the ladies too.
Ohh you got boyfriend problems? I have to pay to meet mine! How do you think i feel!! xx
Just got out the studio
An esteemed member. Sure.
“: This guy Matt Flynn lol awesome”. This guy #25 too. Great run Ryan!
We're exactly half way through tour, and looking forward to our show tonight in Charlotte!
oh okay,
i have this happy feeling in my heart again <3
having only seen the trailer and the poster I am pretty sure I can say with full confidence that it is NOT good.
we are those people :-)
right right.... lol
If you feel it's too expensive, synpur.com can try to organize a group buy. >100 units, $6.69/unit.
All of the pollen in the universe is in my nose right now...
News Assignment Meeting today at 5 p.m. in MGC 252!
Did Thad Matta really say the refs "went fast on us." Would he of rather the refs roll the ball down the court?
So bittersweet...thanks so much for the kind words.
Think I'm done tweeting .. NeNe gone kick my ass ..
Would like to thank everyone who let me know where to find some girl scout cookies. This is on happy pregnant lady.
Ok thanks alot
I never kissed a white person.
RT TOMORROW is the CANDYBAR DECADES PARTY this SATURDAY! With DJs LISA PITTMAN and MIKE ATTACK!!!
#Focused! RT : Just like in the Fashion World always try to be one step ahead.
He thinks I need to be kept company.
Morning everyone!! I cut my hair, exciting! was super cool. I miss you normal hair, I cut in a new place, very good.
burned 91 calories doing 7 minutes of "Bicycling, 14-16 mph, vigorous (cycling, biking, bike riding)"
Target has a bunch right now!
i signed back on just to tell you that your latest blog is awesome really!!! Now nite for real!
and by shot-- i dont just mean a pocture! I mean some patron!!! xxoo
Bring a dino to work day
Prayers go out to the Philbin family. A parent should never have to bury a child. So sad!
Instagram is down<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
All this "we hv 2 vet Obama" BS is lame. 4 better or worse, he's bn Prez for 3-1/2 yrs, u ought 2 know "up or down" by now!
who's emo??
LOL Louis is jealous
“:Vanderbilt's Carey Speaks misses a 27-yard field goal. Arkansas will survive. Again.” It is a win but I'm not proud of it.
You must be extra-giddy. Isn't 98 Degrees your favorite band?
no, sadly it was at one of those bouncy house b-day party places you rent out for a few hours.
; Aight When I Get Off Work !
Ayo You Want To Promote This Project? I'll Get My Cuz To Post It Up On The Website. Got This In The Whip LoL
I never retaliate because I know #KARMA is a baaddd broad . Silence is the best revenge .
yeah haha. Sorry i never said anything back, i fell asleep.. (:
I'm pretty good:) how are you?
YES! It has soo much meaning behind it (:
what's going on in ya city
stuffed...Big girl in a lil body..lol Blue Dophin seafood & Bar gets 2 thumbs up the food is awesome!!!
how you been i missed you!!! lol
Beautiful header combination off of a #Donovan free kick almost hits the mark!
We are looking for a Telesales Trainee to work for our Lincoln based client. £6.08 per hour. Interested? 01636 701702.
Metallica kicked ass like always. Can never get tired of them.
RT : Join us for a special program Tues, July 12 at 6:30 featuring scenes from + a panel discussion
Right! I understand. I will keep you in mind, as I travel. Peace and best wishes!
typed both your names tonight as well.
Easy now we only 8 games in. Love the prosperity tho
Just got the final radio mix of my new original country song "Nothing Changes" and it is amazing! Look for its release in one month!
Chief Disorganizer of the #bmorehistoric conference speaking now.
I like your tattoo :)
RT We wrap up #Idol week on Tennessee Mornings with a performance in the studio from
I miss art school, too...
Up laughing talking shit with my hubby watching punked this shit too funny lol!
Cant wait to see the next vampire diaries on feb 2
#ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo take millions of pictures
Tryna help finish this pool tho?
sadly RT : Damn we're growing up to fast now....
OH: This is a lot of outer borough activity for me.
We love music!
I Cried When i saw the end of Titanic... im weak for love stories
You'll never know her like do. I got more to lose and you'll never know her like I do
I'm heading to DC on Wednesday to speak #CampaignTech conference, looking forward to it, and to seeing my good friends in DC!
Who is the best rapper/actor? Of the present day; in other words, who is the hottest, right now?
Bout to head to this BBQ wit the fam
word up!
Are you going to the Public Historian reception @ 5 pm? How are your dinner plans shaping up?
1 Peter 3:10 NKJV For He who would love life And see good days, Let him refrain his tongue from evil, And his lips from speaking deceit.
If you wantito receive unique letters of recommendation (rather than a general letter) then you will need to send multiple requests
#AtAGhettoWedding the groom takes off the bride's thong instead of her garder haha
Bitch Rack City !
RIP Clarence Bethune. U r so loved
"We designed solution to a trillion dollar problem: clearing perishable inventory without harming bottom line" says Jay Walker
Artists - ever feel a little overlooked? Follow for a little kickass encouragement to get yourself back in the game.
MT : Want to meet ? Head over to Perfumania- now. She will be signing autographs from 5-8pm
Micah pointed 2 #Vikings cheerleaders & said, "Mom,that could be you!" Hug or smack him? 3fb
Writing this essay on the correlation between sexual molestation and homosexuality.
LOLOL they're just viet stores
Education should be a civil right, but it's more about wealth, race, free market greed and class warfare.
Uwm bus stop quote of the day, "I'm gonna pimp yo' bankruptcy out, you know what I'm sayin?"
that was great..thank you!
Being sick suxxxx:(! Nite for now<U+E40F>
Thanks to PC followers! You make the world go round!
Metta world peace gonna be gone for a long time!
I'm totally ok with Artists making all that money - they deserve it. I just highly doubt that it's really true.
Indianapolis bound once again.
False Advertisement!
BTW: It All Belongs to Me is my new jam! Play that ish on repeat all day!
this is when twitter is best for me
no the fukk i wouldn't!!!
or did he not have any in '08?
Check out our new videos on facebook! Velocity Sports Performance NYC
Shopping for children's books for my friend's daughter and have inevitably ended up buying more books for myself.
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-57
My cousin posts so much good music but if i 'like' it she'll talk to me and she's really weird.
Very cool! Great job!
Happy Fat Tuesday! Teachers get happy hour all night, wine tasting all day, and enjoy the day with Brisk Sauv Blanc or cold beer!
Have you tried the Banapple Bread? Moist banana bread with chunks of granny smith apples and coconut flakes.
Happy Easter! Perfect weather and is making her famous Easter dinner! Next quest, finding the Easter bunny..
New borns are hard to please.... #Sonotready Good thing i can give him back! #Sheesh He's a hand full.
better be kidding ;)
I have been known to bring my own gel seat to spin class. it's worth it.
Wait until the lights go on to buzz in!
Happy birthday ! Love you!
Feels like it's been forever. Headed to the pub tonight.
#DunkinDonuts going to try my first #big and toasty
Awww! Poor Flash! You feel cheated on. Too cute!
recorded show should be posted by late tomorrow afternoon.
idk either man. omg. are you sure I'm not dreaming?
If the nav system in my car wasn't built in I would throw it out the window right now
So glad I locked up my valentine for the rest of my life.
interesting discussion on religion today..I don't think Graham was very credible though...seemed like she had talking pts..
I called to punk
Stay the course with Dropbox or move to Google Drive?
KegDroid Android Serves Beer with a Google+ Login [VIDEO]
honoring the paradox of stress in our lives
Handicap still on my job $$$$
Every excuse is a choice to fail.
I'm sorry my life isn't perfect.
Mel Gibson has a horseshoe kidney (two kidneys fused into one)!
apparently fox 6 reporting wrong--still between us and el paso!?
A female doesn't need a perfect guy. She just needs a special guy who can accept her the way she is & make her feel special. <U+2665>
Well...I wonder what Lamar Odom is doing these days?
Love someone for who they are , not for there looks <3
A1: Is Chicago too easy? Because I really do love it! RT Time for the first question: Q1. Whats your favorite city?
Last practice tonight before our show at Bar Matchless Saturday! Hope to see you all there!
oh good job.
No thanks, I'm peeing often already.
Gud get it in ;)
thanks for the #whatsnextDC tweets!
me and the #Cowboys go way back. I bleed blue and white
RT : what's the score for Hugo? I lost track! I think they're up to four
Yes, if MLS ET podcast existed 5 years ago would enough people tune in to be offended? Good growing pains to have.
Direct mail increases US sales $700B+ in the US. Learn more:
SPRING BREAK. Thank god
Why does the MPAA rating system still have such an influence over films. i find their rating criteria ridiculous
master peace
you were right, they kick ass uh huh-huh
I highly recommend 's 12 tweets on the Swedish Cake Incident. More nuanced and careful than anything else I've seen on the topic.
Ok so like I have to go to sleep...have to get up in a few hours. NITER
who were tiny chatting with
Denver game and Tupac/Biggie/NWA
Thanks to for the recent mentions!
All this killing they doin in New Orleans, i wish my family would come to Atlanta smh
i HATE biting my tongue
you got any blank discs? I need some
That high?
8 am call time... Carmegeddon here I come.
Mugs be so damn random
's randy baker just won the Larry Neal writers award!!
Well HEY there, lady!! Thanks for the RT but Jesus, how are you?? Will you please come to GBH Friday pm and drink wine with me??
it always bums me out each year when #comiccon is in full swing and i'm not there.
one more snowstorm? why would you want such a thing!
The just made it look like they weren't even trying in the regular season. Great start to the playoffs
New session started..welcome all new students from Korea,China,Saudi Arabia,Thailand and Turkey..
Hope you enjoy:) RT : Thankful to the elves Much love to
Love Pema! My favorite quote of hers: “Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.”
Def.. Have someone in mind... Might be a long process tho.. think im ready for the ride....
I was shocked you switched. I'm dying for Verizon to get the iPhone. Dying.
Amigo, I just saw you at Cafe Sevilla!
Busy working today getting some Duplications done...35 Panto DVDs nearly done for tonight!...Then onto some more editing!!
first started when I was 6, but then quit. got my black belt in tkd. School closed, and I came back. Been there ever since.
After watching a movie and reading a book on the genocide in darfur, it all puts things in perspective again, my And your daily hassles
san miguel school in camden would really appreciate it - education for inner city kids who can't afford an education.
Part 1 of my workout was getting the bra on. Part 2 was putting my hair up.
I want to see shuttle Discovery land at Dulles tomorrow!
text me when they phase
yes ...!!! I should be in my place by then
This school nothing but a bunch of pussies
What exactly is #teambreezy ? Is it everyone who works at the Febreze factory?
i just wish Princeton would never stop spreading the peae!!! he really is an inspiration i swear
Trying to decide it it's worth shelling out $14.99 for the MLB app, or just stick with on my trusty AM radio.
Wardrobe tomorrow...bathrobe & slippers. M, cozy :-)
totally agree! (don't forgot to send them to me) ;)
If you want to be enthusiastic, act enthusiastic.
I've been a part of two #superbbowl production teams, It still amazes me how choreographed it is, even down to the lip-syncing of the singrs
Way to believe in me.
Houston, I think we got a problem! that song is stuck in my head!
No time for farewells, no chances for goodbyes. No explanations, no fucking reasons why I watched it eat you up, pieces fallen on the floor.
Where is there a map of all the rooms, halls, and buildings being used for #educause10 ?
You are already a great griller but some new tools can't hurt =) cc.
When does Breaking Bad start back up?
my friend were talking about this very thing the other day
it turns out my conflict just cancelled, so i can do it now. let me know if you still need me.
These contractors don't seem to want to work, but always asking for their checks.
Come on, #Jayhawks!
Idk which song, but it sounds like it tho.. Or a movie.. Haha
Luke Bryan is way better
Seriously hate it. Also working that week, and flights are more expensive that week. Damn. I love Vegas too.
Margaret Thatcher~ I am extraordinarily patient provided I get my own way in the end.
can't wait to read your twats!
I love the fact that it took you 3 days to favorite this! ;) You & I would be best friends! :)
Sherman combined census data, tax lists, and crop records to know where to get supplies. interesting in the days pre-computer
I need a mid afternoon walk for sure! RT : Get moving! It's National Walking Day :)
Here we go
Check ins & Chickens; a perfect match. is about to reach 10k #belly checkins and the 10,000th will win prizes from both of us
I think my phone knows I am an #archivist. I started to type scholarship and it suggested Schellenberg.
i loove ur acent i wish i had an accent like you and ur so gorgous
Congrats on deal!
Ah Knuble just had a great opportunity!
Ciroc might as well be water as smooth as it goes down.
Mills--how can we help people become aware without overloading victims with the msg
and I very much appreciated the kind words!
#SxSW is a bioterror dream. 50K people from all over, in close proximity. In hopefully unrelated news, I feel sick.
Going to take my lazy ass to the shower. -____________________-
Tonight I will turn up and leave all this behind
“: Why are you so fine Michael Jimenez?!?!”Ask my parents <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
man...haha kill me.
Good morning! Quite slow on the trian / meadowlands soaked in spring rain / everyone sleeping
I never knew hurt like this....
Found the #Buckeyes! Inside the locker room is kinda creepy and awkward.
I JUST NEED YOU NOW. <U+2665>
I would LOVE to go, but a little too pricey for me right now, hope you do it again so I can go with ya!
Unfortunately, those are my updates... Thanks though!
TY! RT Are you a #nonprofit or #tribal govt in New Mexico or Arizona & need help with your #MIP or #Fundware?
Do a search on and watch the timeline shit is funny.
if you were to go anywhere, where would you go &Why?
Can you die of smell? I might have to just move.
please fwd: William, as your favorite quasi-uncle, please consider allowing me to test fly your new VTOL aircraft.
check out the #edjewcon hashtag and on website under "community- blogs" and "resources" is where we'll be sharing.
": I know who is." Lots of people do haha
RT . ": i wanna see the avengers. someone take me. <3"
Price: Will the proliferation of museums help or frustrate broad appreciation of the American story? Both, and that's fine.
Is that the current home? The Cavaliers have also called Longview, Kelso, Toutle, Ilwaco, Olympia, Tumwater and Lacey home.
Three substances in chocolate and cocoa powder may mimic cannabinoid by activating receptors or increasing anandamide levels.
Never knew all this could be so stressful!
#njinnovation. Call for more engineers. They are right. Jobs Council making same recommendations
pansy! and I drove!
One of the healthiest ways to gamble is with a spade and a package of garden seeds. Dan Bennett
Jim Sherraden at Falvey Hall in the Brown Center at 6pm. Hoping to see you all there!
not a bad idea!
is the new Antoine Dotson... "She's climbin in yo windows... snatching yo pillows up..." lmao
your welcome!!!!! Enjoy
RT if you had to use your umbrella today.
Met a lady @ Toysrus w/5. She said w/the last 1, nurse asked if they all had the same father. ?!?!?! Sad.
thanks for the follow. Exceptionally great cause. Nowhere Records would like more information on how we can help support you
It is ever man's obligation to put back into the world at least the equivalent of what he takes out of it. ~Albert Einstein
Haslem needs to take a seat and not come back in
Ha! Francis Borence indeed. On the plus side, they just lowered everyone's expectations!
May have just "awwed" Garza's throwing attempt towards first.
Somebody tell this braud that this is America
thanks fellas!
Wow, this is just not Boozer's game, offensively. Keep trying, Boozer!
Monica: "Well, it was either a pink bunny, or no bunny at all." Chandler: "No bunny at all, always no bunny at all!!"
have u been to a wings game yet?
More Marvel The Avengers Games Heading Home Soon From Disney
like, she's fucking bipolar and i hate her!!!!!! like how te fuck were you just normal and then the next minute yelling at me...
Freakin out about End Of Course in Algebra II....
i wanna see a picture of it
PS 90 is over 50% sold. If you have not yet seen this truly unique renovation of a 1904 School House you must visit. PS90Condo.com
Now thats how you get a lunch crowd going .. solicitors like that are always welcome ;) thanks
cheers to getting accepted into the #Groundlings. I am proud of myself.
Flipping through the channel guide and on more than one occasion I thought I saw the word meconium.
New people who follow us!!
you too? Hope ya feel better
had fun at dinner. Don't get stressed over spring stuff. We just need to get a plan of action together and get rollin
#howtokeepawomen love her...tell her u love her everyday...treat her right...don't be lazy and cook her dinner and breakfast once in awhile!
Being in the Potter cast is like signing a contract that ensures you will get blessed by the pube
Everything in a name. MindFirstFitness.
thank you jungle jill it's good to be back
You're so pretty!
I know; in fact may already have passed the point of no return!
looks nice...this is part of your ancestry quest?
#oomfs looks different now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
wow - you always have to be careful #running with music but I guess Lily Allen's stuff can sneak up on you.
Dance forever... ;)
...Mobile happens @ 12cents and hour. Any other lead generation tools cannot be any cheaper. TEXT JIREH70 to 77950
what's your favorite movie
BBQ food baby. So many regrets.
Awesome! Reminds me of the cartoons I used to watch as a kid.
Anais Nin~ When we blindly adopt a religion a political system a literary dogma we become automatons. We cease to grow.
you're such a liar, whatever I'm close enough!
Anyone headed to Delaware for Muqabla: The NNR Remix?
So far today was an awesome day!!! Things are looking up! ;)
A victory for The Hague
just a waste of time & space & seems silly. PR people obviously send things they hope we'll be interested in. It's the job.
Did you know about the #Arts in our #Gwinnett Cities?? We r proud 2 have local support! Will YOU b there 4 #Fusion2012 to hear about it??
isn't there a movie coming out about your stuffed animal and Mark Whalberg?
Someone could of died because of this stupid prank done. Quad 93 won't take it anymore!
she'll have plenty of time after the Caps win Game 6 & 7
Little help, please? RT : could you tell me a good freshwater fishing spot in broward I don't have a boat though
lol okay okay okay good !!
haha they are coupons that are sent in your emails for discounts!
Might head out on Thursday. Wish I was on the alternate list!
"if it's not keeping you up nights, then what's the point?" decent motto for all important decisions.
knowing zip codes in 7 states and you never lived in them= lots of etsy convos for custom orders
Interested in #jobs or to keep abreast of what's going as far as event's go in the hotel, nightclub/dayclub, restaurant, bar, lounge...
A career is wonderful, but you can't curl up with it on a cold night.
Very lucky! Along with a lot of other great VA wine!
Nice MLS librarian social Meetup.. courtesy of I Need a Librarian Job. Reminded of some things.
shit so is yo dark ass short crackhead ass momma
I know. Ima be coming out there around the 19 to look for a job.
Hey, I have DPLA temp tattoos for anyone who wants them! Can also get other swag if wanted!
2 those "present" physically & energetically @ the openhouse: may u b prosperous, continue the good work & always have much metta in ur <3
I'm so going with you to get it!!!!<3 and you can get a yellow outline around it!
Your life, because of who you are, has meaning
The Big Secret: It's What Large Skincare Companies Don't Want You ...: To heal your dry skin you need to restore the your skin's barr...
good joke but didn't need the explanation,
Convicted felons can't own a gun or vote. Some states prevent them from being in a labor union. Felonies affect entire lives.
#nw chain letter.
Thanks for the RT through the TGWTG and Channel Awesome accounts (that was you, wasn't it?). That got a few pledges.
Lunatik Clothing is looking for models for our '09 winter clothing line,girls & guys needed. We have an awesome photographer but need models
exactly...at some point you have to give him credit...we've always had a good d..we didn't always win at the rate we have now
RT RT : RT : RETWEET AND WIN: Yes, I'll give an iPad to another follower in the coming weeks!
chop chop chop the squid chop chop chop the squid disappoint my father Haha
haha, im actually going up there tomorrow (:
I want to thank for #following back!!! Their #retweet service for #twitter #users is great!!! :D
The shit i see when my eyes close at night........ Yea i'm trying to live that.
I seriously love nights like these. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
I got slapped in the face today. U know why?someone called ugly and i replied 'atleast she doesn't drown her face in makeup'
Yes, Twinkies and Eggplants were our top stories. That's all we do. Nothing important. Ever.
Pretty good day for a world stock market, isn't it? Love it!
Maybe I'm following the wrong people, but why is no one talking about the OU game?!
#WhyYoShoes talking to me? And dont try and duck tape it shut!! Get some new ones!!
hey! Thanks so much for calming my nerves during our interview! Keep in touch!!
The blue whale is the loudest animal on the earth
i love your hungover tweets.
I would say the Packers...Rogers is on a mission and they pair up well with any team. They just beat to good NFC teams
I just killed those pancakes and that omelette.
wonderful REALly nice tweeps for #FF!
my feelings tasted deliciously of chocolate, but left me with a tummy ache.
Bout to hit club Heat and crash that hoe for nigga Super Dave DX10 style Down To Earth Nation
oh my assbubba!!
Breakfast of champions? I'm not sure about that, but it IS a champion of breakfast places......
The next day I told her I was a lesbian lmao. Sigh good gym memories.
follow me back :)
AUSTIN UNDER THE MISTLETOE!
we are RT : #Aries are real, outspoken assholes.
Thanks for helping keep our grass-roots efforts in the public eye. Helps me be transparent and accessible.
I thought you wrote Joe Buck....was going to say...
Thanks Kevin.
Benadryl in my system time to hit face to pillow #nuhnight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Passion Fruit? Your name belies you.
Damn that does suck...but at least I may get my shot at love with whichever bisexual honey they pick this season ;)
Ethereal Plane playing tonight 10 pm Boulder.
Rarely drink soda, but it was worth the splurge RT : I will now spend the rest of the day mourning the loss of Dublin Dr Pepper.
" The way to Love anything is to realize that it might be lost. "~~~G.K. Chesterton
Was just thinking that Betty's Megan-peeping could be the dawn of an eating disorder.
Just got asked if I was 's brother or girlfriend.
send me pics of you and friends smoking weed!
Does anyone that went to alabama not have dreds?
Train derailment in Kanawha City. 11 cars. 4500 block of Chesterfield Avenue. Watch for emergency vehicles and stopped traffic!
Make a Facebook
I just cringed in fear and anger hahah woohoo!
--> "and also the world's gayest person who is really, really large." I liked it and thought you'd done it on purpose.
Adams: The VA doesn't need to get me any address information. Was lucky to get ZIP code data
Really, guy? You're not going to find pictures of my ex's boobs on my website. I promise.
Just a lil trip to Augusta
Ha thanks Dave! I am now the newest entrant into your NCAA pool
lol oh see keep on u showin out...lol I just thought id put it out there since someone else tweeted they a top
for wifi connect to Hyatt Meeting with the pin IASUMMIT12
The media is creepin mad hard on Mario. Give the dude some space, Christ Buffalo relax.
Watching mighty ducks lol
Robert Custer's Picks For Best Exercise and Fitness Apps for the Iphone - Is there nothing an iPhone can’t do these days? While...
Irish guy? Really. I'm an Ethan girl-maybe because he was on Wonderfalls which I also <3.
or that in all things God works together with those who love him to bring Roman 8:28
If Steve Jobs played Draw Something, I bet he would make a stylus for the iPhone.
ohh ok so i'm confused why did you comment on it?
wish I could relive that day
I'm watching the trumpet awards too cuzzo!!!!
I'm doin pretty good can't complain how bout urself?
Thanks! We are super happy in the frozen tundra!
Hey there, I got your dm, but can't response to you. Are you following me? I thought you were.
#nowwatching The Fighter
Bitch I ain't waiting for your ass.
Let's go! I'll be there in 30.
Hey Fraser, thanks for the follow. I love your site & the new artists. I dig Chris Parks & love the 10 Tips to Sell Art!
Make every moment count
they can?! Lol
Really not looking forward to school tomorrow -_-
...but only time will tell how long we can hold out without H1N1-vaccinated shotguns to ward off the encroaching zombie swine attack.
More from Bryce: The guitars are treated as a section of the orchestra rather than as concerto soloists.
I need a vacation from the inside of my head
Cole World, No Blanket.
RJ & The Assignment now has a station available on Pandora...thank u all 4 your support :-) Keep spreadin' the word ;-)
tweet me a number
What ya doin'? Come down to Lottie's for the end of happy hour on this beautiful pre-spring day!
Trayvon's murder has opened America's toxic boils. Thanks to you and Don for your courage.
"The enemy always fights you the hardest when he knows God has something great in store for you." Joel Osteen, Every Day a Friday
gym - today is back
left my snapback on your table! don't let the mf dog get it! :)
Come support Haiti relief at the Chatham University Benefit Concert this Saturday! Featuring a Cello Fury original piece and a collaboration
And so Project Bamboo Workshop 6 begins. David has laid out our agenda and Chad is giving us some history.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!50
Remember that Nelly record? Country Instagrammer?
Water rate increases of 5% to 7% purposed by Met. Going to hurt San Diego ratepayers.
some niggas need to keep their hoes in check
Can't wait for Saturday!! Going to the Southern Oregon Dunes to do some riding and Sandfest!!!!!
Going to destroy Cotto and then retire because Manny is dodging and no challenges left!
i sure will sign the pettion for the wwe shop
Let's say I deleted iMovie off my Mac, now I need to edit a video. Suggestions? Can I bring back iMovie? I don't have the disk
I jumped into a river today, I got out faster than you could blink. Shit was COLD. ...andicantswim
I know I'm not the only one that thinks its weird to wear the same shirt every Thursday.
Heh. Ubuntu claims it's using the recommended nvidia drivers, but something's broken or the drivers are less effective now.
we love Texas ! Thanks for the follow.
great way to ensure most people know each other in 15 minutes or less...
SO WAT U THINK ABOUT MY HOOPING SKILLS???
or Keep Jesus Wired.
if you can't beat'em, beat'em
“: Resting with my girlies & before !!!” better rest up!
excuse me, while I unthaw my tooch..............its so cold I think the eskimos has slid to New York City!
WE ARE YOUNG IS MY JAM ! #REPLAY ! lol
Cash money make the coochie go whoop whoop!
Eagles suck!!!... Bears suck!!!... Nobody to root for this year... Guess I'll root for Pittsburgh for the rest of the year
justin's butt is so much bigger than mine. *sad face*
I feel imma have to go w Mayweather.
“: Pocket dolly?”<-- that's what they call it.
get me some:)
Toddler steals mouthful of unsweetd cocoa. Look of utter horror: "What THAT?" Me: thats choc, honey. Toddl: Thas NOT CHOCOLATE!
Obviouslu that means she did the same(;
Good to hear.
Church starts in roughly 30minutes, and no one else is up yet. We're gonna be EXTRA late, and I honestly don't care
Thanks for givin me a chance the other mornin w/
SO YEAH TODAY AND YESTERDAY HAVE BEEN GREAT DAYS SO FAR OK
At Audio Grotto in Newport starting day 1 of recording!!
Thanks steve!
THANK YOU!!! would you be willing to pay $150/month for this amazing pool and gym? i need help with that part :(
literally? (if some1 on P was viewing through telescope they could c GWashington)? Or just in terms of the # of years?
Very excited to be playing at the new+improved ! Don't forget to mark your calendars for some great docs 4/26 - 5/6!
my emotions
Any recommendations for a laid back lounge in #Koreatown in #NYC? Something chill with great atmosphere
TBS now plays "American Dad" in the middle of the day! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
Justin Bieber lost 15 fans last night because he didn't stop to take photos for them because he needed to pee. OMG.
#Rockies Troy Tulowitzki injures left knee (struck by line drive standing near dugout ) in #Giants game tonight (via )
it is, in fact, THE Ohio State University.
Beautiful! Can't wait buddy
AW! Love you more!
why didnt u do an apartment? I'm moving more so for acting.
rt (SHE MIGHT HAVE HEARD OF ME) album by MR.TOWER
Franzen has launched his movement training with "what is a movement?"
looking forward to it buddy.
My horse never wins..
I believe in second chances. I just don't believe everyone deserves them.
Follow my tweets! Is an Hot account related to Porn!;)
It comes by the Pelham bay at 1:23 in the afternoon.. Walter Garber asked why it is called The Taking of Pelham 123
It true everyone is pretty in there own way!!!!:-)
remind me after Wednesday - when all my finals are done
Crazy tweets about S'rath on Novawhatever are from this iPhone game Star Defense. Pretty fun if you're into the whole tower defense thing.
I can't wait for the Draft on Thursday already got everything set to record.
Uh-oh, officially cold and rainy on Steph's bridal/bachelorette day! We will still have an inappropriate amount of stories by this time tmrw
Best seats in the house for #once. First row!!
Trying to pack, but honestly, all I know about the next 6 days is that I'm flying into LAX and out of SFO.
Thought I was done interviewing people yesterday but 7 new resumes in my email when I woke up lol.
i pay attention...nothing we can do as the people to make a difference so whats the point...they DONT care pimin..
2012 Steelers Draft, Rounds 2-3: Open Thread | Steelers Lounge
Thank you Joseph.
I would not know. He just does. He has serious issues thats the only thing I know.
Sign up for the Arthritis Expo this Friday, May 4 at the Point Loma Presbyterian Church at 8:30AM. Sharp Memorial Senior Resource...
Wassup How You Been Haven't Spoke To You In OD Long !
Great workout today <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA> but missed !
ova here but gone cost skee
Looking forward to kicking off #ITechLaw World Technology Law Conference in DC tomorrow.
#blackhawks win...i was getting nervous...
looks like someone hacked your twitter account - sending bogus links in DM
All I need is GOD & ZAY at da end of da day
in like 20 minutes?! I'm getting called out until 11!!!!
I'm thinking about forming a Society for the Preservation of Adverbs and Adjectives in Writing. Simple declarative is for lazy readers. ;^)
Just finished watching life of lil twist episode 4 swaggn
Haha I think Harry was flying solo this trip.
So tired couldn't wait now I have pillow/hair marks in my nail polish
Lets go Hokies...
: our safe house
Girls night out hitting up palm beach
- I'm tryin', I'm tryin', - probably be more productive if I didn't spend so much time flirting with hottie doctors in NY :-P
Kittens and puppies in the library! Our Adoption event is getting set up, come hang out with or adopt a pet today from 1-4pm!
Slippery and wily. Loved the image of you tackling it. I saw your long red hair sticking out from under a football helmet.
Experiment: Will going to the midnight showing of #HungerGames be worth me having a horrible sleepy 9 hr work day tomorrow? Time will tell.
Caps N Gowns--Our daughter Lauren graduates from high school tonight!
under 20hrs,at least here, because of the retirement fund avg over 20hrs then have to be in it
I'm just surprised I knew it was you
thanks bro! It's been about a month now but still not Twitter literate! Thanks Sis!!!!!!
Oh my! We can possible entertain that idea..lol
aww well I hope you feel better soon. I'm spending it with my mom
where's the site info? I'm happy to help anyway I can.
I have an evil thought process
Hi I have not seen your name for a while. Its good to see you. Its so busy I have no time for anything anymore.
there better not be any hills in my yard!! #gottamowlawnfor recovery
TheWife has tried the cat food.....
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge
I'm telling you smartass...i won it...got drunk and lost it lol
Looks like we're buying you a drink Friday night!
Follow me and spread the word! ~swagerdoodle
finds it scary when I can't break my character from real life...
Do you have any plans on coming to Canada, B.C(Guildford Mall) Plz COME!
thanks for the mention!
Thank you for retweeting these: they are excellent. Thanks to for the original
maybe I'm just a disgruntled Packers fan.
But , the opossum dung added such country charm to your garden!
Herb Kohl
My great-great grandfather had a 2nd grade education, was 74, still working, and made $215 a year. This makes me cry and feel very grateful.
How do you make money online? You find out common problems and solve them. Juanita Waterman
Good herb ^_^
CMU researchers constructed teen bedroom in research lab
I'm send you some of my root canal painkillers, but I bet that's some sort of felony. ;)
EEK! #Roadtrip tomorrow w/ #Mama and there's still SO much to do! But I am SO #excited!!! First stop, #GreenfieldIN www.maurajensen.com
thanks for the love!
Comcast went above and beyond tonight to right a wrong. I'm impressed. :)
Squeal! Finally got Apache and PHP running together! This is a truly historic moment. Time to take a celebratory nap.
I love having friends who understand my relationship with my dad. It's not really easy to understand, and I'm glad someone understands.
I always wanted to see the Boss in Atlantic City, but seeing Hot Snakes, Fucked Up, Black Angels & Metallica there in June will suffice.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE! 9
I hope all of you have a lovelyy night <3
The last cure is charring.
Oh God, I think I just ruined my life. #np Out Of Time- ADTR:)
wow..guess the world didn't end wo Mo..whew..good W tonite
I LOVE YOU FOR THIS!!!!
. Adventure book for a teen boy. Four teens set out to climb Everest and learn much about themselves. It's life changing.
#nowwatching America's Best Dance crew =D
Thank you so much! Fun meeting you!
Saw you yesterday at home & garden show. Wanted to yell "Aly, it's your move on WWF!!!" Thought it would be inappropriate haha
I'm waiting for James Franco to do drag.
Oh my goodness please let it start pouring at 5: 00 tonight!
oh haha okay
Taking a bite that habenero was a bad idea.
Thanks for the RT!
Go to sleep at 2, wake up at 7, look like Alice Cooper - Welcome to my Nightmare style.
in creative writing! :))
Happy New Year Aplin Family World Wide,ANY JIM APLINS OUT THERE?
follow me
Argentines, end-to-end.
That's not life! That's boredom in a box.
Made homemade "grandma's" pizza for work, how long will that last?? LOL
you are an a**hole
for sure, I agree Texas is the team to beat
I hope Andrew Luck is successful with the Colts. Hope they buy him a good team.
“: Any feedback on our new website? The site looks clean & is easy to navigate. I'm interested in the webinar & am in the US.
You're now chatting with a random belieber. Say swag! ahaha
Freezing my butt off at the LSU game! Geaux Tigers!
hotdog eating contest?
The NTF staff is worn out, but it's a good tired. Some gracious attendees at #nntc11. It looks like a record for Cincinnati.
ok, I'm going to get ready
Hasta la vitsa and best wishes!
lol so true
Ryan Braun is a cheater!
Olivia Wilde is gorgeous. Her eyes get me every time!
Holy shit, I just spoke at a Common Council meeting.
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana till banana collapse
How was ur Mothers Day Mami?
Been wireframing for the last six hours. I'm beat.
I have this insane craving for tacos all of a sudden.
A huge thanks to for bringing the truck to Queen Anne and the incredible praline ice cream sandwich!
You just did Sarah. And thx to you we're all better informed about this.
Talent is what you possess; genius is what possesses you. -Malcolm Cowley
Thanks for reminding me! I haven't updated my in way too long. I need to write.
sounds like good times, what's the best food you've tried?
i feel weird for not having any kids in my early 30s when everyone else i know does... am i missing out on wild rivers of joy?
got to see Pops Carter play a house show last night in Denton.. GOAT!
for some reason . people that hashtag on facebook annoy me..
Like us on Facebook and get access to more amazing footage and actual interviews of celebrity responses to why #Diversitymatters!
Turned 21 without even a hangover to show for it :)
quit smoking so much
What role will social media play in Iowa? and Larry Seiler will tell us up next on
It is so cold in my room...
Gorgeous night in SF. Hitting up a BBQ with Anyone else getting to spend time outside?
Maintain & Make It Your Own
We are doing triage on the network. Thanks for the patience. #hack4reno start prototyping locally!
I always make a point to put seat and lid both down. If I have to lift it damn it, then so does she!
thats just rude it was an honest statement lol damn
Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Suck my duck bitch!!!! Whoop! Whoop! Whoop! Swag! Swag!
On Thursday I'm publishing a story about "Point Break," crowd-funding platforms, and breast enhancements.
Goat Rodeo Session's Attaboy is one of the best things written in the last year. I can't stop smiling when I hear it.
Wat u say? Boosie not guilty?!?! Aw yea i will be waiting patiently on all the mixtapes and albums in the works
I'm so happy we don't have to cover snow today
LET'S BEGIN TO THINK ...LET'S THINK ABOUT HOW WE CAN CHANGE OUR COMMUNITY SO THAT PEOPLE CAN LIVE AGAIN!
Sir, I am not going to question where you got that wad of $20 bills from. Yep, I'm in that part of town.
Best day ever!
the bitch and heer guilt face
wait wait wait Isis has twitter I never knew
So, IF the Phoenix #Coyotes win the #StanleyCup, does every player in the NHL get a ring? I mean, they are owned by the league, right?
Okay then BYE! ;P
Trying to figure out where to go for NYE dinner. Decisions, decisions. In need of a pick me up!
#circasurvive is a #guiltypleasure. I knew I was old when I was working a brief stint at #hottopic and kids were mad I didn't know them.
that's disappointing.
Must say, not a bad week at all.
What is the best Pandora Station ever, Alex
WOW car keys?
can't believe I finished all the things I had to do for today...going out wins again
Will tonight’s #Thunder #Bucks game be a sale out
New Amsterwaukee ... We'd become a tourist destination if it was legal; people could go 2clubs and Restaurant that cook with it
I want to go back to Tustin Michigan but I don't want to stay up all night. :-)
are you coming over tonight for ? :)
Just reminded my mom that yes Blue Bloods with Tom Selleck is on Friday night. One of her fave shows.
Come skate for the last time this season: LAST PUBLIC SESSION OF 2012 AT THE DOMINIC "Mimi" DIPIETRO ICE RINK WILL BE MARCH 31ST 3-5 P.M.
SUMMER SALE!!!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantivingfurniture WE HAVE UP TO % 45 DISCOUNT ON ALL ITEMS..:)))
Hope everyone is having a GREAT Leap Day! It only happens once every four years, so make it count!
So many things are said on this subject, I don't really know what to think about it, what's ur take?
Suggestions on seattle restaurant week joint for tonite??? Straight forward good food?
RT : Who do you have in the NC game tonight - #Jayhawks or #Wildcats? I'll take #MSU :)
Hell yes Michonne!
hi not smart about the X call me
what's good ?
can't tweet!
But I'm writing in a manuscript! That can't be right!
Have you read 'Grammar Snobs Are Great Big Meanies' - Great book! - Lisa Mason Excellent title for a book, got a better one?
when that one teacher came in & asked for some pencils.
Reported email issues to Justin W. and Deb H. this morning. Will follow up. Which client are you using?
Spending time with my cousins makes me super happy. We grew up together n still hang out together. We all just connect on a different level
At Martin Nature Park...with the rest of OKC apparently. Miss the days when no one knew about this place.
It's now 4-3 and this game is far from over. what a goaltending clinic!!
Someone come drink their face off with me! I am a lone ranger right now.
It looked AMAZING! ;D Now I really can't wait for June 3rd. My favorite part was the Stiles scene at the beginning lol ;p
Meeting today at Sony about rebooting D.A.R.Y.L. / This may sound funny but some things should not be joked about. cc:
we all feel that way but god made you a beautiful woman by the name rocsi for a reason
One word is on my mind..... FOOD
having TRUE friends is rare these days.
I've heard some say new FB groups are what Wave should have been.
Go to dirtydirtybirds.bandcamp.com to download the album - pay what you want, In Rainbows-style.
I cant blame you for walking away, cause maybe i didnt do enough to make you stay..</3
Wings. Crab cakes. Scallops. #DavidDupree, u never should've placed me this close to this much goodness.
Can school be over already
Chris rock started talking about meat in the special I'm watching. My dog is highly interested.
RT Miss nyc :( left VIP portion of Jimmy Choo sample sale. Mizhattan report to come. Prices $75 OR $225! No tax on the $75 pairs
It's all good Baybeh Baybeh!"
Thanks a lot! We're glad to have you behind us.
The museum is FREE tomorrow for First Friday! Open 10am-5pm. No evening hours because of the 4th of July holiday.
"26 times I've been trusted 2 take the Game's winning shot & missed. I failed over & over in my life. This is why I succeed! M.Jordan
So, what do you want to say to the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops meeting in Atl next month?
Ah Friday Night Party at My House!!
Fine...I'm going to bed
"Don 4 Life"..what's the best night to bring the wife to Jimmy's to have dinner and say hello?
All my bloods on that instagram said I speak that real SHIT let's write a book and get richh
The Rangers take an early 1-0 lead.
out let's get against
Williamsburg VA for work. And thanks:)
Awesome! Bring it on, girl!
Knowing that you can have someone make you feel better when you most need it >>>
A true tweetup should be at a bar. Where shall we meet up? #APInnovate /cc
Smooth move, Chance.
I was wondering about when we were going to get our 53rd te....whew
an while u at it tell the warden I said fuk his bitch ass!!
Maybe it's finally time for some live lessons from ?
ttp://blog.laylajoy.com/fur-for-men.html
Sorry friends our phone is down, working on getting it back up!
owe you in a good mood tonight huh? I want my bd dick ill pass on Carlina's you can let her hit tho lmao
Apple Consultants Looking for an NFR for Parallels 7. Tks
TODAY'S DEAL:When you fall on UR face, dust off and march on...
Fat Tuesday! Trey Grimm will be taking all of your music requests tonight starting at 8pm. Drink specials all night.
Life's one big party when you're still young, But who's gonna have your back when it's all done?
Good vibes and a speedy recovery going out to
Oh, and please buy Krugman's new book ...or practice true 'austerity', and refrain from buying it.
One way to inspire confidence: explaining a miscommunication by acknowledging: "Dude, I messed up".
Is there a way to mute someone's tweets without in following them?
This hangover <<<
So we are about to find out what hotel concierges think about STREAKING
Dance routines during musical performances just don't fit the format very well.
Dumb dude on the train is kinda funny. Whatever.
Ebanks and Hill puttin in work!
I wanna READ IT !
Objective-C? Working on an iPhone/iPad app? For the library, or...? BTW, we missed you at the Voyager dev-dev meeting.
I WILL BE LIVE ON JUSTIN.TV/STREETGROOVEMAGAZINE IN 30MINS HOPE TO SEE U GUYS THERE COME CHAT WITH ME ABOUT THE MUSIC BIZ
Jorge in Columbus.. At Nancy's Steakhouse in Columbus. Last meal was leftovers from House of Pies. Ate it soggy and cold Friday night.
WI State Senate set to pass 2 bills that improve crim justice sys 4 survivors--more experienced ADAs and allowing hearsay @ prelim hearings.
Peace and quiet
“: Faried is such an animal.” loved his game in college. Knew it would translate well
did you save it can you put it on #tweetlonger or something I really wanna read it tori!
Did anyone check out yesterday?
having no expectations means that you wont be disappointed
Joe Lawless uses social media to communicate with students to get them to communicate with each other
Tomorrow is Valentine's Day don't you wish you could #Getfoundquick? Stop wishing and make it happen NYC!
yes that's what I'm talking about.
Byron Scott fired by N.O. Hornets after 3-6 start to season
If you want to gather honey, don't kick over the beehive. -Dale Carnegie
WHO wants to make me HAPPY(: by following my other acvount<U+21E8> <U+21E6> I follow back!<U+30C4>
Me and jeff are doing impersinations. Lol
I'm always straight facing someone.
RT : Really ? I have to fill out a captcha to search? Like you have THAT much traffic? Should I go back to Google?
10 hour shifts blow
What we certainly don't need more of: folks bitching about the History Channel. If you don't like it then don't watch it. Enough already…
In the house playing some 2k12.
not sure where I am or why.
i am! and a while ago i'd get so many views but now i struggle to get 50... i feel like i'm getting worse and worse! /:
Thanks for all the love and support!!!
Great night for Boston sports!
I wish things weren't falling apart right now. :(
Keri Hilson... Writing style >>> Artist Style
I understand. Flights to Boise are $$$
"You are today where your thoughts have brought you; You will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you." - James Lane Allen
Gearing up for #Hawaii-style holidays. Join us...for a getaway stay, a holiday dinner, or just to reconnect w/friends & family. Mele, mele!
I think I might test drive FT & NYT side by side. FT is $50 less per year..
Winning an Oscar 3 times is still incredible--despite 17 nominations.
What ya got for me?
Why would you want another All-Star on the team? You had Clyde Drexler, what more could you want?
We're at El Bar with our amazing editors listening to Country- gotta love LA!
you're bring me a trophy back, right?
We love suggestions for our parents who tune in daily! You are now featured on our Facebook page!
you know me. Rockin and rollin...
howdy pal i've become slightly hard at it recently heres that software link I use to make $88 on betfair in 25 minutes
Most potential good fighters are going into other sports.
That amazing moment when your dad knows all the lyrics to the song and is proud to say he saw him live!
punk cousin whore wife thinking i really emailed her. get a life! lol..... how are you?
We're down. We love tacos. Figure out how to send them to us.
We made it thru the coldest Feb. in almost 10 years but March is shaping up for more comfortable temperatures.
": your closest boy is a mannequin?" Lol they're all over miami
you really want El Salto's
I just finished the first book in The Hunger Games series, Omg simply amazing! I can't wait to see the movie now! On to the next book!!
In Spanish heka hungry lunch is NEXT!!!!!,
my parents think I'm hoe-ish Lmfaoo I'm like bitch please I can schools some people that look like profession strippers(;
Let me tell u something honey....I've already experienced the worst, so I know I could overcome the bad!
I don't know why I pick #Georgetown to go far in the tournament every year. #PatrickEwing is NOT coming through those doors any time soon.
Stefan, Damon and Elena should consider Polyamory. Brilliant option I reckon. ;)
please follow back it'll mean do much! Thanks for making #Believe its going to be Amazing! I already know it! :-) #MuchLove!
I don't want to go pack. Ughh /:
Are you guys in NY yet?
keep your head up...we will be fine...People like us always come out on top :)
Ah ah I make your girl wet with my voices all nite that's why she cannot be sleep withour talking me
Lunch at bread and cie. Word
Who's from Milwaukee
Easy by Rascal Flatts is the best song ever <U+2764>
Sorry about my twitter everyone!
wow, good for you! Let me me know when you're in town.
Lets get it crackin on vacation workin on the mixtape
You should let everyone know that they sholud visit us at ACen in booth 1409. :)
i dont pretend to kno wha love is 4 everyone but i can tell u wha it is 4 me love is knowing all abt someone & still wantin 2 b with them <3
I love yuzu
- bout time ! Lol
Baking birthday cake and appetizers for my youngest son's birthday. My little "boop" is now 14.
Tip #203: It really is better to GIVE than to receive, but when you are the recipient, receive gifts with joy!
EVERY Sunday :) so that Mondays are bearable
Seeking REAL PUBLICITY for your brand? PRodigy Groupe is taking on New Entertainment/Lifestyle clients! Email for consultation!
you'll need comfortable clothes and shoes
Ha. That's what you get for pub crawling during a sunny weekend in PDX! Hope your head feels better soon.
Now this is the next one
LMMFAO U TOO FUNNY...For Your Sake I Hoep They Dont Either....
Pulling an all-nighter tonight so i can finish all this crap
Catching up on episodes today, true relaxation if you ask me :)
Time to shut off my friend Twitter. Must do some focused afternoon #amwriting. Again, Happy Firday & enjoy your weekend. Until next time.
Anyone drinking Beer right now? IF so, which one?
#makealist to get tasks done more quickly, leaving that all important time for creative thinking
TV eyeballs are worth more than bringing home the cup.
I think a matter of what gets done b 4 7/1 that will decide for him. Too many UFA/FA, until that is decided he doesn't.
haha. taking the car and about to have an adventure. what time is it? ITS ADVENTURE TIME !!
39-0 city league baseball at it's best
This one time at my track meet...
STAMPED-N-DIVAS WILL BE DOING THE MARCH IF DIMES SAURTDAY APRIL 28, TO MAKE A DONATION GO TO STAMPEDNDIVAS AND IT WILL COME UO.THANKS
Role of Aquaculture Discussed at Congress
You're welcome <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+263A>
Jack in the box #jumbaco so korny it works...
Not accusing you of anything.....lol
I'm a longtime scouter & got married in the Castro. No respecter of persons. Fascinated by different beliefs
RT : #nf thanks for the follow =) #teamfollowback -- You have some feathers coming out of your breast plate
can't wait to hear it!!
only because I don't know you
Everybody is so quick to follow the movement, but at the same time complaining about how broke they are.
on radio not 2 clear but if its against can't co sign he's my fam
Who wants 80s 90s hip hop and top tonight???
yeah that's like my cousin doing that I would beat her up haha !
So therefore you can't in all conscience vote for him. Yet Obama supports gay marriage.
Playing truth or dare is always funny until it gets to your turn
I will. I'm looking forward to going there.
FilesAnywhere Saves the World One Tree at a Time!
Despite popular opinion America was based on the principle we should go chasing waterfalls.
My boyfriends niece is adorable <U+2665>
Are state #highered systems too complex to get K16 alignment right? Do the various structures this help or harm student success?
I want to go to NY in December. It's happening!
"If you build it, they will come." Make things happen yourself then all else will fall into place! via
Question for Tyra: What did she get that turquoise ring?
To every #Ravensnation fan out there... Follow !!! If u don't instead on "Nightmare on Russell St" it will b Nightmare on UR St!
Omg those Baylor uniforms are really bad...I think they meet ANSI req't's and could wear them at work! We should propose it.
THIS is why I don't like flying. Oh, the possibilities! RT A plane with a hole in the windshield is set to land shortly in Austin.
Right now on the , Miami Dolphins 2nd Round Pick joins us Live! Don't miss it!
Have I mentioned my new fave yogurt: Dannon Oikos nonfat honey? 130 calories. Assuming UCLA coeds (dated term) like it 2 bc Ralph's all out.
Shiiit well then ima just have to drop it on you son!I will send you the official version once I get her all recorded and mixedG
Thanks for the feedback! issue with math is security. Random guessing has a high success rate.
“: Being content with a certain position is just sayin that u like being a regular/average person”
You may only be someone in the world, but to someone else, you may be the world.Source Unknown
Happy Monday! Make it great!
Tickets to pre-screening of The Dictator: locked in. Thanks ! /cc
don't forget his agent is Bus Cook.
are you home yet to cuddle your pillow pet?
Nickelback w/ special guest Bush will rock Farm Bureau Live @ VB on Sat 7/28 - tix go on sale NEXT Sat 3/17 at 10am
T-minus 3.5 hours til the live stream chat w/ from ! Hear what he has to say about his new docu-series!
how come I havnt been following you?!?! Well, now you only need 8 more followers :)
": I need an assistant." < yes to this!
Fitness is like religion. There are many interpretations on the best approach. None are wrong, none are the only right one
It's a snowy Presidents' Day here in the Midsouth.
If you don't know what an IP address is, you have no business voting in favor of #SOPA (via )
v helpful, thx for link. Since we moved from PMBOK to agile we've also dropped the forms (gantt, charter, etc.)
I can't wait to see the menu!
There are barcodes on almost all our filing cabinets. I guess that is in case we misplace one.
I'm a Logan. Who is u? Lol
getting sushi w/ then the beach to get drinks!!!!
Getting picked up early >
"Aldon" is way too close to "Alex".
Thank you! It feels like a literal weight removed from my shoulders!
Ok, got updates on #syria -- now, whats the evil speudo-nation "Israel" up to? The usual #genocide, #apartheid #racism and #hate n general?
do you put hot sauce on yours
Have you started filming the next season of Gigantic yet?
do you feel like you jinxed him? cause I think you did
At a show last pm, there was a guy up front taking video with his iPad raised in the air. My thought: get an iPhone...
#bikram yoga is tough, you go girl!
Second sunrise I'm seeing in 2 days. Going for a record
Just got an automatic #GoogleDrive app update on my phone, after launching it, it says Google Drive isn't ready yet.
James Franco is pretty cool
I hate it when I have to see people go through what I've had to go through. It's heart wrenching.
I recently acquired a bag of saltwater
why not?xD
It's Monday,& I'm already wishing it was Friday! This weekend is going to be the best one I've had in a while!
Words can't describe how demoralizing this loss is for that team when they had it won. If they come back it says a lot.
#slcwebinar Starting in 2010, Friday Finds became part of Harold's PKM.
you gonna show up on Saturday?
Of course your colleague would stumble in with a torn shirt & a bullet wound while you were showering.
"Mindfulness helps you fall in love with the ordinary." ~Thich Nhat Hanh
Thank you again for the RT of my blog...and thanks for following me...
What are the odds I can acquire 6 TVs between now and 10am?
I'm at school and I'm tired... UGH!!!
Hey YiLing! So excited to see you here! We've got to catch up soon...
It's a Shark Attack!!! Oh no!! The Shark is hit!! He's down!!
cuz people were blowing me up! I went back to sweepiez until you guys just texted me and woke me up again haha
no thank you
Thank you ! We used the Amex Gift card at Hill Country Running - Hope to see you soon!
Watch for high water on the roads. Turn around don't drown!
hahaha thats hilarious,I'm glad I could help I guess, I haven't talked to you in forever!
ditto! Changes your whole outlook :)
Hello! Please email craftybastardsvolunteers[at]washingtoncitypaper[dot]com for more details on how to volunteer.
Have you heard of the fiberglass #windows and patio #doors offered by #Pella? For replacement projects in #Albuquerque call Jeff 362-0529.
Going back to school for a 15 min study hall lame
Stop being so beautiful
I already wrote to them, There is funding I can apply for. I put it on the list of things to do.
RT : i need a boo thang to sleep w. ;)
What a success!!! I had 9 doggies come to my seminar with about 20 humans. :-)
RT If You Love Justin Bieber (Follow Me And I Will Follow Back) <3
Do we move woodson to safety and put shields @ other corner?
It's such a joy to work with people that love what they do. Their happiness radiates into good work & fun work.
Ah-ha. I should have said, "Thanks, Noha"
are you could w/ how to get there? It is right by Target etc. I can call just let me know.
I just pulled a splinter out I my finger with my teeth. I feel like such a
Whatever you've got going this weekend, pair it with a happy hour! www.gotime.com
Miss you Hope you're not having to use that baton too often! See ya in Boston.
Just saw a shooting star..
what is your FAVORITE beer?
You live by the 3 you die by the 3 #UNC!!!
Yes, sun is critical. The commuting one has to do here to live in a sane place. Where my job is sucks. I can't really live in Seatt
is rocking it at Silk. That's how them Rockstar Boys do business!
I read back those tweets. UM... I meant if you joined I could help you follow the program. lol
Yes! This! Someone might, I don't know, nudge a company like Party Poker to put on the felt...
Green-tagged items are only $1.29 today at all of our stores (excluding outlets). It's the perfect day to find that unexpected treasure!
Curious, about how big is the cliffhanger for the Reborn! anime when you're done with episode 203?
YUP ANOTHER TWEET TO ASKING HIM TO FOLLOW ME....BUT ITS ALSO ANOTHER TWEET THAT HE WONT SEE=(
Maybe if the Clips had made free throws and taken advantage of 22 Memphis turnovers they wouldn't be in this position.
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams. ~ Oprah Winfrey
TUNE IN NOW....www.texas101jams.com
okay getwelsooon to him... take care of him ingey
OMG HE SO FREAKIN ADORABLE.!!!!!!!!!!!!! I would spoil him #ROTTEN lmao.! Aw <3
Enjoyed bonding with the team at dinner tonight cc
RT : For a #Pisces to forgive is the highest, most beautiful form of love.
Lol my timeline is live today! what did you fools puff on this morning? lol lol
One of the guys in my seminar yesterday is making a living as a screenwriter. Started out doing free stuff then used that to get paid gigs.
you're welcome! Same to you!
"Lost time is never found again." Benjamin Franklin
we both bought tickets on miles. His is 2 006 2364780032
you just made my day. :)
Sorry about that, it should be working now.
Great day today!
So I have a feeling Biochem is going to pwn me next semester. Not looking forward to it.
oops didn't mean to retweet that! Thanks! So what's going on with you?
I don't care if my foot is still in pain. I'm going for a run. I'll probably make it worse. I'll run instead.
New coming later today. TONS of musical equipment on this one.
Ugh! Can't sleep!
On the plus side, now I never need to wonder how embarrassing it would be to stand up in front of a class with my fly unzipped.
>MLM Update! Sevarus( New Company Listing )
Just finished the ribbon cutting and starting the tour
"Master Blaster runs Bartertown!" just might be one of the movie lines I quote most.
You need to meet my friend who's teaching The Rhetoric of Music Blogs this yr
Listening to this afternoon. Always forget how much I like their albums
when will we hear new music from you? :(
- hope you're writing a review for IFA
64% of Marylanders support a five-cent fee on disposable bags when the proceeds are reinvested locally.
Dear ferrari driver, I am not trying to race you I'm fully aware of the fact that my Honda civic is slower than you. I hope you feel silly
"mad awks to the max"--wise words of amanda
ME TOO (I MEAN YOU)RT This is how it is: I MISS YOU.
“: Brunette's love sour candies. #thehairoscope” that's me:)
A moon man and a fat squirrel and I'm out of beer at my apt. Boring Friday night.
Currently listening to: Rickey Lee Watson - Black # 3
good deal Son, I might be a little occupied this weekend with company of my own...
same detergent as always. Unless they changed formula. But why only night I spend more time in clothes
Lol that was crazy ladt night, happy bday guys!
Stop by and say hello. We're right across the street.
slept like a champ.. well i do everything in my bed like a champ
baseball is america's past time because it is the perfect thing to put on in the background. slow enough you're not going to miss something.
The best way to cheer yourself up is to cheer someone else up. Mark Twain
wearing a loud paisley print button-up with summer board shorts and lily green loafers.
"is that me walking towards me!!" ~~ what i say when i see my brother.
I'll be aight tho cause God's got a blessing with my name on it...
hey let me know when you can come over Saturday!!
in other words Obama's redistributive change, that is forcing use middle class into poverty.,)
“: Bon Iver kind of sounds like if the Doobies put out an indie rock record.”. or Bruce Hornsby
American Idol is irritating and America is tone deaf.
Smoke in my lungs and my eyes low>>>>
oh yeah sure Fatah really Hamas AFTER Hamas murdered so many Palestinians connected with Fatah. What are you thinking?
only if you go with me!
I think I might pick up a new subwoofer today Yorkville LS801P is looking pretty good right now!
Money Saving Tip #29: Remove your credit card numbers from your online accounts. Make it harder to buy online.
i wouldn't mind drafting a OL in the 1st round either.
Little Richard was seriously injured in a car accident on this day in 1985. Is that why he's had so much plastic surgery?
I have a lot on my agenda today!
": Had a good convo with my boy today big things in the makin baby!! BirdMan hand rub.>Fasho #Theyhavenoidea #IMDB ME ASAP
Mehhh I'll text you tonight then!
Bus gonna break any secind and 5% battery
Srsly wish i was still in kickboxing.
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> I'm such a news junkie!
u got that right lol
An average sports bettor will seldom have the time required or the know-how to properly handicap games
There are no asterisks that say "5 weeknight games." Heck said on SR he wasn't happy w/ sked. It is what it is.
Kitchen Dining Furniture Ideas | Home Remodeling and Home ...
Every mispelling this morning has been one too many "r"s or one too few - maybe my key is sticky.
No. “: Does it get any cheesier than the butler cabin? #masters”
1:23am is a BAD time to discuss people's theories of the end of the world.
Jimmy, are you getting your own show?
you're awesome
then go to sleep it's 3:51 here
OMG THEY THINK JACKSON A WEREWOLF BUT I KNOW HES GONNA TURN INTO A WEREWOLF CAUSE OF THE SCRATCH FROM DEREK AH ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Be safe!
All Blacks selection analysis - Second five-eighth
uhh... I didn't drive you home last night, I gave & a ride home. You told me you'd take the Night Owl bus.
Search Engine Optimisation – Enlarging Visibility. | Search Engine ...
Well, that was a nice involuntary nap.
the new elm street is actually pretty good. I'd be pissed too.
Marshall go to your wife lily in labor #himym and this going to be a good episode
#ICantGetEnoughOf pretty little liars
ah shit I might just have to make it there and watch!!!
Happy Birthday. Hope you have a great weekend.
Great cupcake sale today at Brewing Grounds for Change! Vegan friendly!
Not really a big fan of any Mormon having any opinion about the definition of marriage
The pain of addiction, homelessness can be avoided if kids get love & mentors. Check out
thanx 4 the vis lit shoutout. I'm a librarian & teach info lit. Data viz is an important aspect of it
Ouch. Is it me or does this year feel worse diversity-wise than recent years?
baking brownies! m m
Finishing book edits. Exciting Time!
": I Was Finna Say You Gotta Be Settled Down & Shit To Want That Yakno ."Yea I know I'll be ready in like a year
Enjoying visiting with family before the end of the year!
Kisses are like tears, the only real ones are the ones you can’t hold back.
Childe David to the fork in the road at which he must decide whether to support browsers with javascript turned off comes.
Michael Jackson FANS!!!! Come join us for a groovy time ! Try OUR DIRTY DIANA Martini! SIGNATURE WINGS & SLIDERS!!
Get up today and do something, anything, that's bringing you closer to your dreams!
RT : Really impressed with OneNote 2010. Integrated audio & video recording, integration with Outlook, linking between pages l ...
What is this amazing place?
When it comes to ethics, the FTC says that the brand is always responsible.
Amanda Knox appeals trial resumes in Italy
OMG #SAYSOMETHIN IS JUST SO PERFECT. IM LIKE CRYING. AUSTIN YOUR AMAZING <3
same here sexy
10 Stressful Jobs With Low Pay
Professionals, entrepreneurs, creatives, educators, innovators, etc., all roads lead to tomorrow.
Happy Birthday! Have a good one. (: xo
The greatest discovery of my generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. William James
Say something good about yourself today! We can find the negatives but what about the positives! I am handsome, now what about you?
thank you!!
Have I told you??.... I hate My job. Playing with in Huntington at 830. Come down and Check us out. IT's FREE :).
hold off on that wait til the 9th
I don't trust myself when I'm like this.
where!? Thts effing awesome!!!
lmao did you take that personal figured that was ya fav movie
NKY. I'm off today too. Are you going?
I hope Barkley tonight is the name of a new talk show with Charles Barkley!
LOLOLOL Carmen is so cute! I love my sissy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
no... I just thought we were in college now, not in highschool. clearly name-calling never gets old...
Didn't tweet during the work day, but worked on text annotation plan, proofreading process, and schema de-bugging.
In choosing a president, we really don't choose a Republican or Democrat, a conservative or liberal. We choose a leader. - Rudy Giuliani
": #IseenADudeTweet drake album is giving me EVERYTHING right now" (ha I'm crying right now!!!
I MISS YOU BOO! COME BACK GO CHICAGO
I bought two iPods when I should have bought stock.
treble: women ain't nothin' but.
Im Not A Toy . So Don't Treat Me Like One . # Guyss Are AssHoles These Days .
I'm still not sure about writing here myself, but for finding info, articles, & teaching materials, it's tops.
Let's hope this match will be a go. We've waited too long for this to be rescheduled. #THFC > #EFC (But just barely) ;-)
hit my. Lol
will do
Don't know if imma make it thru
Hiking and ziplining with :)
Just challenged to create a 3-cheese sauce with only 2 cheese? Can he pull it off?
- Girl,why we are not yet familiar? -GOD PROTECTS YOU, STUPID CREATING!!!
can we forgive ourselves as well.
Punana Leo O Maui will be at the Maui Mall on Saturday at 12 noon, along with our weekly hula show at 1 p.m., with kumu Iola Balubar!
#sCUM fans have to be the MOST DUMBEST in sports! Reading a tweet that had LOL as lose ohio lose. last I checked, didn't you lose to OHIO?
You should post it on CastingExchange.com too - it's free :)
#BouceThatAss For A Cricket Phone
In highly unfortunate moment, the Chicago dive in which am consuming a margarita has Turning Japanese on satellite radio
Thanks! Stay tuned for news on Lauren & Carrie :)
Awesome! I have a text book I'd like sold in digital form. How do you rec. I do that?
nothing better to do huh?...
what you on about :')?
It's been real #sxsw ...now I'm going to go sleep for two days and blog
Im church enjoying myself
What theme are you used to? That sounds like the one I knew.
sorry I had to re-read that opss ha
cause it looks weird bro come on!!
woops that link looks off. you'll figure it out. xo.
I was Enchanted to meet you
Jury seated. Both sides rest and close. Judge Skinner reading jury charge. Each side should get 30 minutes for closing arguments.
happy new year hun
needs to stop texting so we can practice!
He is a Jack
Actually really happy for early game 7 Sunday, I'll be down in CA for a wedding on Sunday but wedding doesn't start til 4.
Legit. Come'n git it. My kitchen (and I) will welcome you with open arms any time.
10% - DAY ONE
The Brazilian women are tall but the Dominican ladies are athletic. Who to root for? Heck, they are all beautiful.
Then don't leave it!
I misses you.
team on 175 to SEA rocks!! Thx Kris for giving me your seat w/ the TV!!!Hope someone does something nice for you today!
The downside to letting the yorkies sleep in my bed is that when I wake up sweating, I smell distinctly of dog.
ewww Keisha Cole gross that's like watching someone pick their nose lol jk
You Should Know Why..I've Been Trying All Day And He Still Never Talks Back!!!
just got out of class (/e.e)/
And look at how last season turned out...oh wait...
Indeed! RT : Lobster Mac & Cheese, short ribs, chicken pot pie, chix & waffles. Good American staples.
Every morning I ponder the creative process behind Lazy Town. Why is one kid real and the rest plastic???
that is so awesome, congrats!
Well 3 of 4 isn't bad only Boston wining series not happy, they'll get theirs in next round. Now series to watch vs. 4sur
Whose surprise that the clippers losing? I'm not they are who I thought they were lob city a.k.a highlight team
Checking out the mobile digital storytelling session at
alright we should!(: and love you too girl! (: and yea ill text you(:
Was really hoping unemployment rate wouldn't go up!
not funny
sad face. I just checked TWC. Seems to be working.
I want a root beer float more than I've ever wanted anything else.
you wanna fight? you're askin for it!!! ;)
You're quite welcome. Hope we get to work together sometime!
Next season, there will be another team with black and white in their color scheme!
Stop by and try our Colts Blue Lemonade today! Get a free large with any purchase!
I'm stuck walkIng home with no shoes because my sister is too scared to take the bus. UUUUUUUGGGGGGHHHHHHHH!!!!
It's been a really hard day
uhuh, and i followed you btw [:
Lots of good music in the city! Chicago's got it goin on!
yeah heck with those fake followers
really glad you're real.
ill say till you reach puberty
My luxury brand followers are pretty quiet today - I need something/one to make fun of! Quick, someone tweet about a yacht sale.
There are 3 levels of ignorance: 1st-We do not know the answer. 2nd-We do not know the question. 3rd-We do not know that there are questions
The SF Participatory Archives Group is inspecting and prepping 8mm film for scanning at a fast clip. Really amazing group of people.
I will, I'm clearing that day for your parrtaaaaaay .
It is rather odd to be followed by a #beerfest! is on! July 28th in Erie!
RT : "You can not script, hypnotize, or command relationships"
First Susan Boyle, now this!
What dates, my friend?
Help me choose a new background for my twitter page
no problem, it's easy when it's a great song! I'd like to interview sometime, gimme a call 502-875-4040
Four of my favorite things... George Clooney, Brad Pitt, Matt Damon and vodka!
and i are so f-ing pumped for to play a kick ass show!!!
Feels so very alive, after that thorough workout.
All dressed up for prom...then--oops-watch what happens next on Thanks to producers and
i love when people act different cause their bf is around, not
And then in 2010 when he had the chance, he had one of his cold streaks which hurt.
I uh smell a winner already.... Js.
Cannot believe its friday already!!!
Don't forget about solid Ts & Cs with your mobile apps.
Shout to One of the Baddest Bass Players in the USA and a friend!
The first time my friend showed me twitter the first thing I thought was ofcourse hes gorgeous hes Australian.
oh shit my prof is sitting next to me for the guest speaker… guess i won't be on Facebook today ahaha
Are the HDR Course apps of use if I have your book?
OMG yes. Need to fix that ASAP.
Anyone have an mp3 of the "show me what you got " tune from the #DiscountDoubleCheck boombox? U know what I'm talkin about!
Watching Richie rich
#thatcamp discussion on sustainable conference swag.
So far I only have 2 ladies planning on going tomorrow. Lets please go to this show even for a little while.
lkasdfjasdlkf CANT. WAIT. OMG.
Having so much fun teaching, great vibe of my singers, great results, just loving to develop artists!!
I'm amazed I'm not that tired after getting 4 1/2 hours of sleep. I'm a little disappointed in the outcome still, but am so proud.
See you at the Washington Cincinnati game tomorrow
Hi. I know the complete history of our language. I will never use this information. Ever. But it's still interesting. I<3college.
its ok baby *pats yo weave*
ok facebook family- I'm curious.. what's in your cd player/iPod right now.....
AREN'T OCCUPY FOLKS JUST A WEE EMBARRASSED SHOUTING OUT LUCY PARSONS AFTER NEVER ONCE ADDRESSING SETTLER COLONIALISM?
"Mind in one place. Heart in another." Drizzy
I think the same exact thing every time I go in there!
I mean, you're kinda dating a nerdy guy so it only makes sense. <3
The film is a good debut with a good lead performance ... and that's all
Agrees w Joan Walsh from salon.com -- The safety net is not a hammock.
Im a winner... But when coke comes out of your nose the only word you can say is ouch
Trying to give a ditzy girl directions<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Love workin !! Where education and experience makes a sound difference!!
I like conversations where I don’t have to think about what to say, it just comes naturally...
you are amazing and i love im happy we will see each other tomorrow !
No one guy can works the boards/cycle make amazing passes and score the goal. The team overall wasn't working together.
The Silk Tie likes TJ! The mayor of simpleton is always welcomed by the mayor of ties to thesilktie.com
#RandomRedSox Caesar Crespo
Charrette days are my favorite days. Improvised sustainable design! My worlds collide on these days.
Friends are family you choose
I hear we have mutual friends! Hopefully we can meet soon. :)
oh,when it will be finished ? :)
Alright, how do you kill the skeleton king in #diablo beta
i agree 100%
Anywho about to lay it down hopefully I can sleep peacefully never mind I'm sleeping wit pune lol
A world famous motivator! Thanks for the follow. We look forward to your posts. -- Jo
I guess middle dynastic period Egyptian youths were into hanging out and drinking in marsh thickets? Sort of makes sense.
...the crew sent a poem by Pablo Neruda to Brooke. Couse they know she loves it.They are now fighting against the elements
I would love a tool that tells you if you're using a certain word too much in an essay. Does anything like that exist?
at a2 international education fair (Sheraton hotel, Ankara, 1pm-6pm) talking about #udel Intensive English Program at the ELI.
You know what also caches ... tweets in HootSuite. ;)
MTV did so well with - plot, character dynamics, teen scenarios. I <3 this show because I appreciate the work that went into it!
Judge asking if the goal is to align primaries, why not run candidates as Republicans?
Ok, I can see how people can get into #thevoice. I dig.
I'm sad and angry and i just want to go home and lay in bed and #sleepforever and
Rob Lowe announced Peyton Manning's retirement and now a rapper is saying Eddie Murphy is dead. Twitter may be the downfall of society.
Starting in March we are open on Sundays...relax with us.
Did you know a Rock Star is neither a rock nor a star. It's a greasy guy who loves leather pants and cocaine
love that last tweet!! #followme :)
Gin cocktail, soup and oyster appetizer Jim, super staff.
Forgot to mention tomorrow! Lucky me. So many awesome events in
Pain is how you know for sure you are really alive.
I hate you on the weekends I hate you at night during the day I hate you now all week I hate you forever, so STFU AND get away!
Looking for an #apartment in #Chicago or know someone who is? Follow us on #Twitter to see more!!!
RT In Houston, there is always ample parking under the trees at sunset. Where a 1000 grackles will shit on your car. [#HIWI]
Truth is the first casualty in any war.
im glad i didnt have no reading homework !!!
He's either ahead of schedule or retiring, what's the deal?
Retreat in 1 day!!!
feelin like a spy hiding my fries from this library lady #MYOB!
It's so hard to read the draft when you sit at pick #25... Can't wait for the #NFLdraft to find out who the #Broncos take! DT, CB, RB?
You are blessed I wish my Grams was still here!!
ya looks like a stoopid version of tansformers
at home , eatin
books, but if there's an app I may as well quit work and become a shut-in immediately
Listen, Share... Spread it like butter
think about latenight?
" Real friends reach out and help each other in their time of need. At least that's what I hear"
HA! Yeah, lets go with that!
that's a trick they use to have you spend more money b/c once they see your DL,they realize you are a long way from home
Everyone says buying your first apartment makes you feel like an adult.What no one mentionsisthat sellingitturnsyou right back into a child.
I have never wanted a puppy as much as I want one right now.
never thought I would ever ROOT for Indiana in anything but lets goo!
Before the tongue can speak, it must have lost the power to wound. Peace Pilgrim
Goodness I love my coworkers <3
Thanks to for bringing live fireworks coverage to those who couldn't stay out until midnight
I agree about DrawSomething. Contemplating deleting. I don't think it will happen with Instragram.
No sleep from last night + Sleeping all day today = Nocturnal Camila.
Love my team.
Now that I feel better, barfing at Spago was really an incredible way to mark the coming changes in my life.
If it was up to me, there would be no such thing as cancer.
Cont-courses consist of Dell's SM principles, policy, tone and an "elective" employees can choose between twitter, fbook etc cc:
follow me? (; make my dream come true
better check that. Football team just out scored the hoops team.
lets hope that goes as well as this weekend!
love you too.
Happy birthday to (:
Rob feels differently about that...
Getting some errands and chores done while I puzzle out next few pages in script.
yo peeps the phone is off till tomarrow i might get uh new number
Thanks for the mention Happy Thanksgiving to you too!
I'm black, mexican & white.
The amount of good luck coming your way depends on your willingness to act
BETTY WHITE! FTW!
Ed Burns is the world's luckiest guy
I hate the trend of posting audiovisual recordings in lieu of written minutes. Very hard & slow to find the relevant section.
good luck tomorrow
So excited to finally be one of the cool kids with an iPad!
Sure hope there's breakfast at this thing. Yayyy maps!
Well deserved award for RT : Thunder's James Harden wins NBA Sixth Man Award.
if a newbie website you visited has cool stuff, but their online store is broken would you go back to try again?
Why wait another minute for something we shoulda done yesterday <U+2661>
won't let me party up or join friend's mw2 lobby...any suggestions?
Pffft! WHAT ABOUT ALL OF THE RUNNING?! :)
Ba-ba Black sheep have you any wool/ or yarn or cotton or leotards no bull/ fine figures in garments spillin soy in Nobu/ .
I CANT RETWEET OR REPLY SHIT
Bobby ryan to the bruins???
I will always love no matter where life takes me<3
Part 1 of 3: Power panel @ #BAsummit2011 on adoption of Business Intelligence (BI): 1: Gain buy-in / confidence among BU leaders on the data
I figured that's how it would be, but it's alright. We shall find something to do!
I would play it on th PS3 but they don't offer the first mass effect on it. I gotta finish what I started!
haha, if only I had a cajon!
love how the gay box has a little mouth
I will be at #edcampct again this year - just need to mark my calendar!
Will we find at SXSW next week? If so, will buy the first round.
Is anyone else freaked out by similarities between Iceland volcano and Life As We Knew It? Would be a good current events booktalk now.
when are you in SF ?
Hey, I'm not really sure who to ask, but I was wondering if anyone would be able to help me weld an ikea leg.
I feel like I'm all alone smh & I'm in a room full of people
Jealous?! Yeah right! He's with me cuddling right now! #Cheater (;
lmfao ahh bestfriend WERE SO GUNNA BE AT THE BEACH EVERY DAY WITH YOU KNOW WHO! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Mike's harder lemonade in happy flavors yeilds 8% inebriation.
Today is the day Jesus was born and rides in a sleigh around the world to deliver presents to sinners, yes? I was always confused with Xmas
yes! Thank you.
can I have the Louis picture too?
Starting Oct. 16 you can also see California craft at Mingei's new exhibition SAN DIEGO'S CRAFT REVOLUTION.
I like David Archuleta's version better
yyaayy!! Just one will do!! Lol hope things are good girl..we're about 22 soon!! Ayy May bdays
Via : Do More Jobs Mean More Government Spending?
U mean those poor people R missin th #JobSpeach? :)
Where you staying at now?
What's up Valentine ! Thanks for the RT... always appreciated. Enjoy your week. ;D
Half day of school tomorrow..
Looks like Candy Land. You never out grow that game :)
thanks D for the Hook-up! Crazy to see u rock out after almost 20 years.
S/O to , she bad & A Stranger.. everyone Follow her
I love the smell of gasoline <U+26FD>
Did you look at dotProject?
Just went to the Grand Ole Opry - what an amazing night! I don't follow country, but they were awesome & the production was unbelievable!
#c2css12 Dr. Hoss predicts that the "feds" will mandate online student verification via cameras. Will be an INTERESTING panel this afternoon
'Think in the morning, act in the noon, read in the evening, and sleep at night.' - Poet William Blake
People that get super defensive for no reason..gtfo.
congrats dear!!! We are At 34 days today!! 12/17/11 Who's counting? Let me know if you need any tips!!:)
no cupcake last night, more like very early this morning.
I hate who I was two years ago. I hurt people who are actually better than the ones I was trying to impress. I can't take this one back.
Law N' Order, on right now - it's all about the failure of the soda tax to pass last spring. Tune in now!
Three Krispy Kreme donuts before bed=better than taking your vitamins
jeepers creepers where'd you get those peepers
haha for sure!
SHOUT! A LITTLE BIT LOUDER NOW! SHOUT!
The fantasy football season is almost at an end and that means I get to hibernate for two months. Sorry, ESPN, I love you, but me sleepy.
The CONSOL Energy Center Scoreboard weighs 35 tons.
And.... I'm stranded in motor city
it be like that ALL the time!!lol
We thought you and played great! RT “: They probably saw my performance at the media game.”
you have a funny picture of who?
yes! We were trying to figure out if it was our tv!
Since i cant go to aquatica tomorrow i should be allowed to go to Disney :) who wants in? Lol
i got workouts today >>>>>
#Pinterest is the squirrel of all social media sites. Thanks
Being crazy is the only thing that gets me though the day<3.
Night :) RT goodnight (:
I'm going to miss this show...
I honestly can't wait for #revenge tonight! It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1>
Where do students learn information literacy?
This week as been interesting if anything
really need to start writing that that english paper....hm
I knew it hehe. And what did he say?? :D
Wow #Huskies. Just embarassing.
Hearing on a bit of a rant about cyberpunk as influencial on fiction and technology. Premise: Get a life.
JULIO THE OCTOPUS JUST GOT DISSED!!!
Come celebrate bday tonight at Le Bain. She's my favoritie person in the entire world. Sorry guys!
yeah I just haven't been on it in like forever!
Done with broken people.
ha you know how we roll.
sometime the people you love are crazy.
Cartiea has no self respect.
Goodnight Twitter!
Lets Join Forces We've Got Our <U+E113> & <U+E01A>
Why do I feel like it's FRIDAY?? #reorganizingbrain4Thursday<Why not re-organize the calendar instead?
Omfg I'm in so much pain
Stat of the night: Doug Collins hasn't won a playoff series since 1989. Really?
Print technology today IS digital - Katherine Hayles #unbound best line of whole symposium.
Thanks for your tech savvy tweets. Can't wait for your book!
Donor ownership more relevant than loyalty
I have a size 15 but that's going to my friends athlete friend
thanks! I really hope so!
Find out what the lady has done in "Woman on The Run," opening Thursday, 7 pm. Artist talk followed by food and cash bar.
Is Tuberville trying to let #OU back in this game?
yes, are you going to the games?
Good morning & thank you! #RTsuperstars ~~~>
Chiefs sign ex-Jets DE Pitoitua (The Associated Press)
haha , its still good.
Thank you! They definitely helped thanks:) Well..its not the sort of thing that gets better, but keep her in your prayers that
Not yet.But I am looking for people to help me get my career started.Also,I do have a friend who is making a beat for me.
SUBWAY for late lunch ... again....
dee/dee where are you
Look it up! It's a small turtle that lives American rivers, streams, and ponds. Get your mind out the gutter! ;)
plsss follow me :D I love your singing and I love you <3
Not feel proud of myself right now, so I'm going to compensate by doing a hard core workout in 5,4,3,2,1...later.
#Feltdown is trending on twitter in PDX tnite. It was crazy to see so many facepalmings in unison.
My mom hid the heavy pain killers from me so I could try to go to school tomorrow. Yay..
Funny enough, she's a Rays fan (from Jax), but not a die hard. I will have her in pinstripes soon enough!
Well. That was dismal.
Sittin in boring history one more class period to go the I go home :)
Thanks for the follow. What sort of riding do you do. I'm here in the center of the horse univerce and used to show a lot.
u know it
GOP lemmings. First the crackpot, then the dolt, then the molester, now the egomaniacal philanderer. Don't they have to take the mormon!
I keep complaining , lol I have a right ... stuck here on mothers day .
ck out They, Who Sound (Houston's weekly series for experimental sound/ improvised music/ free jazz/...
Just the comment I made about kissing Jeanne Coopers feet. XXOO
"I LOVE YOU" IS 8 WORDS, WELL SO IS "BULLSHIT" SEAUX
Guy in the apple store buying a $2000 imac with an #iamthe99% button on his hat. And you wonder why no one took you seriously....
thanks. Happy fatherhood. :)
2500 miles away from home but we are thrilled to be coming!
Richie Farmer stole millions from taxpayers. Asked to comment, Barack Obama said: "I don't know him, but I like him already"
he is very much a goof.
Personally I think we should give #abed its own night once ea month to feature local Alberta CN Ed
okay. We should do the mall one day maybe? Noah and me and you and brend or Rj!
Need to get it together
Florida&#39;s Top 3 Swimming Holes of Summer 2012
that made no sense whatsoever
We're always at your service and are happy to answer any questions you may have. Good luck!
working on set designs and presentation graphics for
So excited for Mad Men!!! I cant wait!!!
time will tell we will see
will do CONGRATS!
You never fail until you stop trying.
I just made some chocolate vanilla swirl cookies, maybe you could use those..
Wow I lost 2 "likes" :(
I CAN'T BREATHE!!!!
My dude is still to real for y'all boys
A city mourns. RT : Also, we are not being cancelled.
You've gotta love the shopping experience at What a great concept!
so proud of you! ! I miss you so much but I love that I get to see how good you're doing via fb/ twit/insty <3 keep it up xox
Let your soul gravitate to the love.
TONIGHT & the Underdawgs at at 11p and you might with a free signed Shamarr #JazzFest poster!
So before you all start trading away the #Blackhawks all-stars, take a deep breath and blame the team as a whole.
Confession: I have never used #Outlook. Setting it up today for hubby. EEk.
#Shootingstar is beyond perfection <3 I can't wait for summer!!!
no additional session to replace Hillary
this morning's press conference about our new website went great! check out www.getbettermaine.org!
is that a new movement you're trying to start? :)
Andea: I think everyone had a good weekend? (: Me: hell yeah! Heather: FUCK YOU GUYS!!!
Thank you for your support!!
visiting or moving?
|_|!+! SATURDAYS ARE OF DA CHAIN AT CLUB MATRIX...$2 DRINKS...FREE PARKING..LADIES FREE BEFORE 11..--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Fair enough, lol! To be honest, 3rd was what everyone was fighting for (Ars, Che, Tott, Liv) at the start of the season :-)
i played it!!! way better than nascar.
What happened that got us to where we are now?
#Workaholics makes me feel normal.
Correction: Baltimore (not Toronto). Camden Yards is a sad scene tonight...
": sup Biv!! What I do???>Yeah Ha u Knw whn Im Mad Baby Lol Come on S.Carter The Follow Baby wht Happen on the
Correction: in NC, you can still marry your gay cousin, as long as you're not of the same sex. Closeted misery is still constitutional.
Myspace whata waste of time that was.
We would LOVE to see pictures of your AMAYAS hard at work today!
I so tried, but she was very nervous, and I didn't want to upset her further.
ALL Mothers are the predominant driving force in Males lives, be it good or bad
Er this is what happens when you spoil me
Move back to Alaska beeeiiiitch!
I miss you boy! After you finish this tour you best be touring again in the fall ;)
oven= tanning bed. fullbody paint=spray tan
My Electric Blue Dempsey pair is finaly laying eggs....
Finally back to sunshine in SD!
im gonna marry the night <U+2764>
College: Muhammad impresses as West wins McDonald's Shabazz Muhammad scored 21 points, Rasheed Sulaimon added 18 and the West beat the E
: great to see in Philly! Philly's - founder and CEO, looking forward to catching a ride soon!
Waiting at JFK airport for the <U+0422><U+0440><U+0430><U+043D><U+0441><U+0430><U+044D><U+0440><U+043E> counter to open. Meanwhile, the Air Jamaica line is every stereotype about that place. Ever.
Thanks for the RTs! Comments have been fascinating.
Good luck on Say hi to my fiance If cupcakes are in the building he'll be nearby! :)
Today's my birthday
The only 3 things a guy should change about his girl: 1) Her last name. 2) Her address and 3) Her viewpoint on men.
jealous. Have fun!
Yes. It's so frustrating when I talk to people about CustExp and they assume CustServ
I told him he's more attractive when he holds me down..
Heading to the mall! Bday outfit shopping #Throwit in the Bag status
Think I officially turned into a country girl
excuse me?!
Now that the dust has settled, we are thinking about the next event...
listening to #JustinBIeber to get into the spirit of Valentine's DAy cuz i luv him
Best way to squash something with me is approach me with a conversation Maybe I'm at fault in a situation but I can't change if I don't know
haha have to get beggin for people to follow us
Thanks so much!
come on over to the TOP house, girl. We've got plenty!
Soo lunch is always intersting with my lunch crew lol
It actually looks pretty funny.
When cats leap onto your bed, it's because they adore your bed
God has a way of getting our attention.
Brain washed from rock and rap...
My life would be so much better if I didn't procrastinate all the time. I want to sleep. Not do math homework.
I ain't thinkin bout you
You bet. We'll use a backdrop of 10th Ave. Marine Terminal.
Having a conversation online with someone who is impersonating me.. I haven't told them they've been busted yet.
the latter, it's static, but updates based on timezone
Lol how am I gonna make it through the concert.
I say that last part to people on the streets
: Thanks for spreading the word about !
I respect women so much, that I completely stay away from them!
probably not quite what you're looking for, but Davis McCombs poetry collection Dismal Rock deals with tobacco farming, etc.
it should be his it's not verified yet though
: Check it: Digital objects in the real world-- catalysts for real conversation?: wp.me/s1AO1z-repudo
Watching El Cantante Hector Levoe is that thing
Oh! have you seen "Cooking For Geeks"? It is published by O'Reilly and is awesome!
Hello Nashville;) bye Australia! That's so awesome
Looking you in your eyes, I know you see it too.
Can't just put you in a bad mood or what. So now I have to find all my notes again to resubmit it.
We also do Insurance Claims! Storm, hail, wind damage- CALL US 708-371-ROOF(7663)
Thanks Christine for the LIKE!
check out my new viral video on youtube. "Weiner in the House"
haha good call!!! Well the company Chevrolet made a car called the ______ super sport, the blank is the band name
I just wanna go home & sleep nothing more nothing less
#NowPlaying – David Vendetta – Phoenix - Fences (GTA Bootleg)
Wd participate but thinking of & others truly familiar & expert.
It strikes me that "culture warrior" also means an aggressive style that has given up on persuasion. MLA doesn't fit that def.
Throwback = OLD lol!
Ive only been out ONE time without my daughter but other than that she goes everywhere with me.
my parents are not the best when grounding they always feel bad the longest was 30 minutes! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> lol
How can I get some music to you? Would love your feedback
let me get that BTS footage
RT : Great leaders know that the fastest way to build their business is to build their people.
aww absolutely! thank YOU!!!!
Boo On You! ;~} I might go back to accepting you as a Cowboy at some yonder date.
I don't know. I just don't want it.
Its always good to see a brutha walk free no matter who you be
LA is beautiful! Some big projects in the works more meetings again all day...
I want to see simple vivid color next spring. While, it is really nice to have sweater and jacket on. Chill
...not so much in the end. Just saying.
On jobs in certain parts of cities,by people that don't like white people I am sure you what I am saying.Some people hate white
GREAT question - I love this question! I don't think teaching has changed so much and the academy doesn't get this
Multitudes who sleep in the dust of the earth will awake: some to everlasting life, others to shame and everlasting contempt. Daniel 12:2
Loses the Catholics and keeps all the under-30 votes. Which one wins elections? Yet to see.
good cause im happy with you too :)
Gym time.. Need to get faster!!
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Credit Report
"Miller's Crossing" is a more dense, emotionally complex film than I had remembered it to be.
I can't sleep. & I'm too happy that I started my friday by seeing perform live. Never thought I would be in tears, lol #LastKings ;}
This chick bad looking like a bag of money...
That's enough of blowing up twitter for one night. I'm annoying myself -______- goodnight!
Thanks we will check out your site!
word where its at tonight
Ah yes. Hippie ties. That makes more sense. Though you should be a 9ers fan, no?
you are an inspiration to many- keep it going. My kids (and I) love your music
NCIS is on! Woo!
I love u
no I don't. You haven't heard how much I yelled at and cursed out the contractor! Lolz.
I think a little patience is in order on the "impact" thing. 1st class looks pretty weak, but since it's taken big step up.
it is what it is,,
Talking out of both sides of your mouth more than doubles the time required to accomplish your goal.
More concerned about toning & nourishing? Try our Green Apple & Ginseng organic facial.
Traveling for a week and half straight eating 3 course meals and not exercising. I feel like a marshmellow.
NFLX Netflix is getting slaughtered after hours. Ouch! Glad we dont trade that stock.
Mmhmm.. RT Questions surrounding the ROI of social media makes me wonder if people understand what a captive audience is.
Great service today! Preached to the kids :) I was so nervous but I know God spoke to them, thank you Jesus!!! <3
Cinco De Mayo weekend has officially kicked off in downtown Portland! Live report 6p
A little bird just asked me to remind you that you get $3 beers bar ALL NIGHT LONG with your ticket stub to The Monster Show. 9:30pm
yea your really not that funny your actually boring as fuuuudggge!!! Oh goshh I'm kidding LOL! your funny gurl!
Easy to sell out in the academy, piece meal or all at once. Being true to self & community is a battle (you WILL take shots) but worth it.
LOL! I forgot we actually started it haha
"when Emily gets married her husband wont go on one knee, he'll just lay down."
Things wear a very gloomy aspect now
Gotta get my truck worked on at 11 tonight smh <<<
A gorgeous day like today deserves a Caipirinha. Made with fresh lime quarters, leblon cachaca and simple syrup it goes down smooth.
Here's to the Mahomies Who can't wait to hear Austin's new music . -Ally
Number of pounds the Marilyn sculpture weighs? 40,000.
man u aint NEVER lied!!
I...am Sarah Phillips. Sorry, just thought I'd get the Spartacus meme rolling while I thought of it.
Mad is an understatement right now
yea I'm sorry :(
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life. ~ Charles Darwin #quotes #elearning,...
How do u like your chupacabra? Well known or unknown?
I am smoking on exotic , my girl ain’t got no stomach .
ACRL is looking for a liaison to the American Political Science Association - comes with funding- DM me for details
I've discovered ground turkey recently too as an alternative to ground beef. Not bad at all...
Anyone ski anywhere on the East Coast over the Holidays with good conditions?
lol I'm gonna go to sleep byee
#thebestpartofmydaywas calling in sick
We can learn many things from those living in extreme poverty. Patience, Humility, Kindness, and Respect. Things that money can't buy.
It's all about being happy
Naim is not single smh , why he tryna play !
As of mid-2010, there were more than 80,000 "skips" every quarter. When a meter is skipped, DPW uses a historical estimate for the bill
Take Music and listen to Drugs
Because you RTd it lol & I get the feeling he wouldnt RANDOMLY notice my depressing tweets & try to cheer me up
Happy Memorial Day! Thanks to all who serve and have served our country! DeLynn Todaro
Lots of activity at the Museum today as we prepare to take flight with our new exhibit on WWII aviation.
Great networking tonight!
so nice to spend some time with you and hope to have more conversations just like this here or real or else where
Thank god for all my success....
I love when I see people post pics with Mac Miller. Hes always been so cool. Thankful I got to kick it with him when I was younger.
Why must I get hungry at this time?!?
thanks! Seems to be the consensus so far.
What to do this weekend
Workout done. Time to start this gorgeous Friday. Good morning my Tweethearts. :-) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
FINISH HIM (It? That? Appendage?)
I dont know which one more funny crack heads in downtown Atlanta or downtown Cincinnati I just seen some funny shit
Wishing all of the moms and moms-to-be a very happy and safe Mother's Day
Attending the session: Innovations, Trends and Partnerships Using Online Tools
looking spiffy
This is it, a new me for you
The Book of Mormon was hilarious. Lived up to the hype. All that standing was worth it. Totally worn out.
boutta do my hair
I got up at 5 to get my bus whos driver then didn't show up so I had to go back to mi casa and now I'm driving no complaining
It's not too late to have your hail damaged vehicle repaired at www.kingoftheding.com deductible assistance available!
odd you should say that - i literally just listened to it.
MY #aaa2010 highlight(s)- DBoyer and and CKelty and BPovenelli's panel, WMazzarella et al's panel, University of Tokyo folks
One reform that would be significant, is if a prosecutor knowingly holds back evidence to win a case they can be prosecuted.
where you off to now?
Happy Sunday everyone!!!!
Where is coffee 2.0 at? Let's do this
Hope that everybody had a nice, safe weekend!
I am awaiting an order of solar panels with childlike excitement. Every big brown truck could be the one.
FYI - Article said Obama got more than any Rep, not all of them combined. Still, good news.
": Ted Drewes." So do you like concrete or custard more? PS: we're MKE in STL too. :)
Satan Has Left The Earth -Finding the truth
so while your waiting around some store till 12 midnight...#LMAO me and my people will be at home waiting for u noobs to sign in
If you own a business (and want to grow it) you must subscribe to Verne Harnish's newsletter. It is short and targeted to you....
That's one of weirdest videos i've seen in a while. Thanks.
RT "You are Not Stuck Where you Are - Unless you Decide to Be." ~Wayne Dyer #quote"
We WILL win if we mobilize.. Bishops not happy either, turns out. Congress/GOP still on the attack.
i'll take one
Higher then a motherfuuckaa
/ The #Phillies gave us the #AmandaBynes treatment last night, #Hit&Runs all over the place, it was so bad I almost called
Ugh I like the color of my hair but it's too short now :/
Hey Arnold!!!
A ? for musically-inclined and - when's the all NBC host/reporter trio releasing first album?
Many Houston area apartments have reduced trhere rates by 30%
no money my dude
TIP FOR THE DAY: pennies are very technical learn your chart indicators always have a buy and sell plan before entering any stock...
Guess what I'm with
Good luck and have fun! RT : Last day of Futsal camp, next will be universal studios and Disneyland !!!!!
My pleasure ~ you do so much! How?! : )
Mine too! It's so tasty, and good for you too RT : my fave food is cock :')
Let's go Rangers (clap-clap-clapclapclap)!
proudly supporting #teamfruitypebbles. :)
Our attendees rock! Thanks for coming! & others!
Be The 8-Ball: STAYS ON THE TABLE!
Thanks to friends and family who tell you the truth, push you toward greatness and force you to honor your worth.
and if Christgau is the "dean," why is he so respected if his "students" are, by and large, such fuck-ups? 2/2
k...have fun
. Calvin argued for a weekly Sunday Lord’s Supper. Sacraments provide mystery + challenge Protestants' rationalistic lethargy.
having fun at #NAEYC ? Maria told me she spot you!
yes you can baby
Taxes done last night! 4 months of anxiety, 2days of Hell for prep, 2 agonizing hours with tax lady=my brain is mush. :)
Guess who's getting furniture today? :)
So, Guess Who's Moving Back to London In the Summer? :)
its about a job! And me and benny are bffs!
so MAYBE i'll start using Google+ more now with the integration of Google reader.... maybe.
RT If I treated you the way you treat me, I promise you wouldn't stick around the way I do .
#CorpGov General Counsel update: CTS (NASDAQ: CTS) names John Dudek Vice President, General Counsel and Assistant Secretary....
Always love to hear it -- welcome aboard! RT Hah! 's PerfectDisk seems to work. My PC's so much faster now. <3
Us black folks can be are worst enemy.. Smh.
Happy New Year friends!
The Hawks will be advancing to the next round of playoff action against either and
RT I love dipping stuff in nutella almost as much as I love dipping stuff in ranch
....hm i feel like it could still be someone they know because i mean come on a fan could not have taken some of those...
not gonna lie harry styles would make a good mick jagger
#iabaudio easier to measure success online than off says groupM
A huge shout out to and carew co....Thanks for all of your help.
Never felt anything like that. ever.
James Harden aka De La Soul's Posdnous & #OKC ready to square off against The Black Mamba &
I swim but i wish i never learned. The waters too polluted with germs.
that's awesome! Would love to hear about the kinds of questions asked.
Some times I wish I could be someplace better ... Other times I wish someplace better could be here!
off to Bowling for Rhinos!!! please come out if you can! PinChasers on Armenia! you don't have to bowl! just come hang with the keepers!
The "Welcome to The F-List" Special went great!
My body just isn't prepared for this much pollen this early! Just about time for a benedryl-coma.
can you say "sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick" w/o messing up ?
RTing at 25K feet. Pumped for a celebratory weekend with you and in MIA. Listening to electronic music to prep!
thanx so much for the support ur the bestest!!
On paper, the crew's lineup top-to-bottom is much more imposing than last year's
Thank you! “: That you did. Nice picks.”
I could be your Buzz Lightyear fly across the globe
I pray your baby gets better soon doll :-)
I make so many spelling errors like I capitilize random words omg
could i get a follow for my birthday<3
Aw Yeah! Time for the saloon. Hope we see some crazy shots.
Thanks for adding me to your list!
Thanks for following back Maureen :)
Thank You for following us at #ActingInLA!
#radius in financial district
Nobody's watching that spurs jazz game. BORING !!
*ugly RT : Once upon a time There was Canadian named Justin Drew Mallette Bieber He was so sexy that everyone died The End
its called money
It's a #HappyHour kinda day.
I am NOT a Cotton-headed Ninny-muggins....
you da bomb!
The weathers lookin nice in the days ahead..#finally <U+2600>
Always comes back and bites me in the ass
I sometimes think they want to cover their cars in yellow tape. I've started to shout at people standing on the freeway having a convo
Do I get a pass seeing as I'm 6000 miles away and it will be 4 in the morning?! :)
Ever since was acquired by I've been noticing how many features were stripped away.
she is
Whoadey Monday RT : It's like a gd juvenile video in here.
Yep! XD #guard #wgi #dayton The UD Arena is dark and quiet.... but not for long!
Love the part 's new book where he recants being touched by a Creed song even though he knows they're a shitty, shitty band.
my throat isnt feeling good.....
Few things sweeter than a blue box left on the porch. Thank you Peggy and 's impeccable delivery skills!
Do you wonder - is it love, or just lust?
thank you for the RT!!
When shit goes down and sides are taken, you find out who was real and who was fakin.
Check out Art Petrus of Sydney! They are a member org of the Druidian Arts, and a provider of mobile Cruse scanning Service.
i was just attacked by a frog
Musical mafia
I just became interested in Irish archaeology. I haven't visited yet. So, all areas are up for investigation.
" #RumorHasItThat she ain't got your love anymore" I love this song(:
Texas Frightmare Weekend! here we come! watch out ;)
What a great story! Thanks for sharing
I know several of the team members that drafted it. It was a labor of love, and very useful too!
Free comic book day!
Trying hard to stop watching The Bachelor....with little success.
Today's Get Energized tip: Unplug all electronics when they’re not in use.
Have not had food all day...
OMG!! You are so luckyy(:
u r gonna have a blessed evening! enjoy!
Welp, his career is over.
Libya's former finance/oil minister Ali Tarhouni in DC today: "I'm happy to come from a land that is liberated."
she said she doesn't want to wait & she doesn't want to use a condom she wants to have your babies
Stop taking NSAID's and have your problem checked by a qualified professional to solve the issue, rather than mask the pain and symptoms.
Follow me on Instagram... Ms. Bankhead
Can i take a Pikachu in the shower? :p
I like to listen to REAL music. Its brings motivation,to my hustler mantality.
Happy hour has begun! Where are you? We're here ready to serve you half priced apps!
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Yeah you rite! RT: : Who else drove 6 hours to see your beautiful talented self !!!
Our entrepreneur group had a great speaker,Max,his father's bakery in Me. called "If Pigs could Fly" makes the best breads.Av in whole fds
We have meet all the criteria to become a #Cisco Select Certified Partner!
All things are possible! Thanks for the follow and hope to see you around The ATL.
u hurd me woman
I still am so terrible at Mario 1. All these years and I still can't get past world 4-4. I hate that dumb dragon guy
Washington Redskins 6 Carolina Panthers 9 Halftime #redskins #panthers #nfl (Via )
I agree
I think it's a little silly complaining that there were no back Avengers. The original Avengers had no black members either.
Have a desire to serve but not sure how, what or when? Discover what you need in my NEW online slave training. Trance therapy included! xo
Tonight will be Epic. Don't miss it
OMG YOURS.<3
Betty says she's addicted to writing and then gives the cutest giggle.
I just texted you
Hahah yeah OMG why Does have to be Such a GOREOUS Son Gosh :D :)ILYShawty<3
Awake at 6 am - really?!? Why? Not liking werkin' it today. Need me some music to strut to.
Documenting Sat Member Play #1: Butler +8.5 (5/5 Sources Match - Red Carpet Play)
#uievs likens the ux professional championing for contextual research to Joseph Campbell's Heroe's Journey
are you guys playing in Milwaukee on Thursday?
well I dont care either dude
you should join him.
next time I see one on the side of the road, I'm bringing it to your surgeon for a fixer upper.
Thank you to the fantastic staff of Senator for meeting with us about the impact of ! :)
Did he say MARION Chalmers??? This is like the 3rd time I've heard him say his name like that.
"Is life not a hundred times too short for us to stifle ourselves?" - Friedrich Nietzsche
or just people in general haha
So happy right now! Thinking I did well on the AP gov exam, and now I just finished night school :-) super yay!
oh bye
Although, the winner may be "Sylvia Plath's Cookbook."
we hope you enjoy the Q and A from our co producer
This class is a trip!!!!!! Lol
Going to see at Hemingways tonight!! Love me a little Gerry Porter..
Ana Tijoux take me away...
ComedyChicago ~ It comes quick and strong very strong
I lost something important, and IT IS DRIVING CRRAZZZY!!!
Go fuck yourself
Wig chopped weekend is here!!!
the dude at the fornt door did not ask for id lol i was too happy ! i went with my cousin and his friends
that is dedication!
Wanna see how its done watch me do me LOL
Commitment should always be in every relationship
- those were the days.
So do we have a final decision?? Bri???
love this girl. U have tweeted her before. Can't forget her. Next to u she is my favorite!!!
use handouts with almost all the notes except a word, on smart board, highlight the missing word.
fuck you and your shitty website! Fools for selling to ebay for 300M
are you on the plane some?
(Also, to surge ahead another 1500 - 2000 words in my WIP. Almost finished. Commence the surging, self!)
I'm going to bed cause I gotta babysitt tomorrow so g'night :)!
Love does not care to define and is never in a hurry to do so.
Commission giving instruction to line drawers.
thank you!! it's november 10th :)
Marceline White, : every time a house goes into foreclosure, value of surrounding properties declines by 1%. Yikes.
I didn't ask you.....Fucker...
I'm not sure I'm prepared for such brilliance... I need to go meditate.
pumped to get orders out this morning!!
Yes last night. We made a deal too! No cheating. LOL. Like I said, you're mistaking. Kekee
na I'ma find some polos
I Miss You Too Hun<U+2665> How Have you Been??
i booed this nigga just because he had a flip phone nigga it's 2012 . Bye
Memo to the CBS TV truck... NEVER cut away from the player dancing in the middle of a circle!
Big day for CORE: New and our lobby & bar renovation at both open! Just in time for Convention!
Set up by Curry's three that should have been a travel!
New leo, tights, spandex & ballet slippers :)
No being irritated! D:
it not a matter of reference, but two services trying to listen on same port
later tonight! i think 9 or 10! : )
NEEAR project: interesting learning tool, combining situated learning + augmented reality + expert knowledge, in a mobile device.
do you know if Booker T is on twitter ?
Hate when I'm SO tired and the restless legs kick in
"Chevelle, we need to practice grinding for your birthday" -
Yes.. I will finally meet you
Just explained to new prospective home buyer how I guarantee my mortgage services with $1,500. My consumer protection plan! They LOVE it!
That's right! You know why? Quality > Graphics. Period. The end. And 'cause zombies and legos are cooler than most anything else.
Buffalo Bills Football Till I Die, through the good and bad go bills
just made me the sweetest good morning video ever! What would I do without his awesomeness??
Noir paintball would be the ultimate dream, but I'll take Pierce and the paintball Tommy gun.
stop talkin pictures of me while I'm sleeping!!!!!
saving that bread on insurance lmao
Thank you China for all of the adventures. Headed home today and already can't wait to come back.
are u guys up yet? I need a ride back to phx! -Jason and b rob
it's like a relief valve for creative people, so we don't have giant floor to ceiling inspiration cork boards.
“: I hope Drake drops a toaster in his Bubble bath" Righteous.
of course it is
grow tf up.
But congratulations to the UK softball team for upsetting LSU tonight in extra innings.
which seems useful, as that is often the case & perhaps inevitably so given the skepticism embedded in American politics
Waiting for judges decision at #osaa Oregon State Choir 3A Championship
Our first Brady Street #foodtour of 2012 is off and running - join us next Saturday if you missed today's tour!
Weird... again.
dude, you're cracking us up!
Babbitt is buying everyone Mcmuffins tonight
The clicking on my Trackpad is definitely crapping out, wonder how much it's to replace that.
RT : RT : #140cuse is trending nationwide...my school>>>> your school
thanks for the RT. We have some heavy hitters coming. Hope you can join us
So do you want to go Fri or Sat?
M'Baby don't likes strip-mall sushi !
I love when I walk into a store and the clerk trys to speak spanish to me. Of course I go along with it Then I say thanks you jerk and leave
SAT word in a tweet? I'm impressed ma'am.
At the vet's yesterday 2 "peace loving" English bulldogs tried to rumble with my German shepherd Lily!
I was having 12% of a moment.
Just realized its 6 30 am! Ive been playing Black Ops all night!!
That's one of the most ignorant things I've read in awhile,
Thanks for the RT!
saturday gotta go to my boos baseball game and then the movies XD i love him and i know hes gonna do great
oh okay
Stay warm with us today....ALL facials and waxing services are 20% off today! Mention this post when reserving your appointment!
I've been reading the WoT books since I was in high school -- your additions have been phenomenal! I can't put them down.
If I were the commissioner of Major League Baseball, I'd make sure there was a nationally televised afternoon game every day.
Ever increasing amounts of data with shorter shelf life. Meaningful insights more important than visualization?
Try checking out Tottenham circa '10-'11 - one groin injury after another
What are your favorite online men retailers?
Ploughman's Special + house-made root beer @ The People's Pint = ACE.
RT : Well Said If you have time to execute a #marketing plan, do it properly. Research is important to the quality of execution.
can we make a bet? the bet is tht i could beat u in arm wrestling if i win or lose u have to kiss me? sound like a plan...;)
ERRA pandora station :o
Duke gets another top recruit - vomit
davey jones- the first rock record i ever bought was 'more of the monkees'. :(( makes me feel OLD.
Good. O is just digging a hole.
Ohh read our special swine fever report and we promise not to sell you anything
RT : You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. -Dr. Seuss
do you have a saved game for xbox
I should've let Lucky bite you when we walked around the block the first time.
Okeee i watch the Video && It was Dope ! Its was realy Good , So Proudd : 0 #Munchie<U+2665>
dude that's the worst! You know you've "made it" when your able to bring your own monitoring guy out!
so is lying?
's ability to watch the menu of a DVD for hours on end floors me. Especially when it's insane circus music.
Add my Facebook page: www.Facebook.com/ModelNikki
uh so do you want to meet up at your house first?
We're offering FREE registration to this weekend at the ! Sign Up!
Thank you mom for calling me stupid, idiot, worthless, for slapping me across my face, for hitting me. Yup good mother.
A special thank you to all our veterans today
I don't hate her for it, but it kind of makes me upset that she didn't tell me that she was going to the movies. I can understand why she(c)
and now its a #Bindelglass thing
Bout to read my bible<U+E148><U+E04E><U+E427> #GN babes
It's time to quit
FACE OFF on SyFy is SUCH a great guilty pleasure! And can we talk some Matt Valentine? Okkaaayy!?
lol maybe you should stay inside
And enjoy all that cheesecake...I could use some cheesecake right about now!
Sure! What is it? & why??
don't be like that lil one, just trying to hv a lil fun w u, w ur sexy ass
Do you think that one day in the future reality shows will be like westerns and no longer be on TV? What will they be replaced by?
Just want to say a huge THANK YOU to everyone! work really hard on this Mixtape! We really appreciate everyone support!
honor roll here i come <3 All A's & 2 B's !
BAILEY DANCING TO THIS SEXUAL SONG IS TO MUCH FOR ME. OMFG BRB
Step up your defense, Grizzlies! It's grind time!
Just updated Twitter page.
why to u lie about following ppl
it's still on their menu.
Well, tonight sucks dick.
when in doubt about where to listen to good music... AND
I had to google coco puffs so i didn't misspell it....
well education is really important, and Twitter isn't going anywhere but I know it can be such a huge distraction.
Can't see the house almost 20 feet away because the snow is coming down so hard!!!
Thanks Vince, preciate it, I always enjoy playing. Which is closest to the station?
nice poll just voted : )
About to hear Judy Bloom speak so that I can finally understand all these changes my body is going through.
you're on belle isle without me? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
In a different not so cool way.
Bristol couple's Christmas lights raise £3000 for charity - Bristol24-7 Bristol24-7 Bristol couple 's Christmas lights raise £3000 for ch
I know! lol >.< I'm barely turning 18 and you?(:
hahaha true story.
love the mouse shoes!!
aww ". I always miss you! I need to see this movie.. In between my busy baby playdates!
#whenwillIlearn how to spell "allways" - "always"
what kinda work u do??
asik why didn't you make your free throws. ugh... it's over
Did you know F&H serves FOOD & drinks until 1:30am
Seeing starts
OMG i just checked your twitter and read your bio and started FANGIRLING WHEN I READ NIALL OMGSH OMGSH
And just realized that those last two tweets when read together might be a touch schizophrenic.
You’re VERY talented & extraordinarily beautiful, but your appreciation for fans puts you on Top of the World. Thank you!
somee asians are cute ass fuuhhhhhhhc. aha
not yet they said to come back in two days to see for sure, but wtf happened haha
Two people said I should go to Andy's nails. I shall then! Gotta make them look good (and not broken) on graduation!
Date night with my man <3 ;)
At Madison's Barrymore Theater for 's one man show. @
wow i feel the same way,
Maybe I shouldn't have checked the weather on the computer before I went out. Currently 3 degrees. WTF?
I officially untweet at brock_webb. #hesnotgoingbacktobourbon. Neither is or
Via Krug1 in the NYT editorial today... "One party is clearly engaged in blackmail and the other is dickering over the size of the ransom".
Marry me.:)
girl look at that booty... I don't work out!!!
I want to thank all you assclowns who clogged every road in town this morning just so you could miss the shuttle flying by
Looking at the audience, it seems that lots of regulars brought their kids to tonight's debate.
: really? i love her!
definitely. Verbal constipation is a drag.
I'm starting to workout in the mornings more, I like to start my day that way
Good luck ! Can't wait to see the photos. :-)
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! #proudmahomie <3
It's championship weekend!
- But I'm also a huge fan of the greats as well (Otis Redding for one), and lots of horrible music, too (Motley Crue).
- It occurred to me that both times i have been around u & jeff, i was basket-casey, so we need 2 do the non-BC hang out :)
Smart woman compliment assesses the man, and stupid - you
thanks! Congrats on the new job, p.s!
R u serious hun? RT : everyone calls each other "hun" on twitter. :D
no problem(: & okayy I'll tweet it to u either tomorrow or Thursday. is that okayy??(:
“ lmao a nigga just want some ribs”lmao I understand, he was just playing josh
Not something you'd usually expect to see. Glad your having fun though :)
Apple product wet? We'll get you up and running, any device any model!
I'd look pretty funny with Botox in one eye! Haha!
better late huh?
okay smart guy. who will win the masters?
THINK LIKE mark zuckerberg LIKE AND ENTREPRENEUR! MAKE THOSE MICRO TRANSACTIONS/PENNIES ADDUP!
Yep, it will still be there
#Rangers are the only complete team left in the NHL.
Boy & Girl names: Dilinger (bang-bang) & Diligence. Wonder if they have a big brother called Dildo?
So sad to be home from Austin. Love that city.
is moving to Miami #yeee Can't wait to finally meet him when he does :)
Thanks so much! :)
ok pal SYT
& who cares dat kim has 1 grammy the key word is she has one! No matter how many or who she share it wit..nicki don't *shrugs*
Ugh this is so sad
Every Kentucky fan! RT : Let's start a "Phil Jackson to the Knicks" rumor. Who's with me?!
Snuggle camp with Dad. Totally warm.
A Girl who fat, but swear they THICK.
WELP, guess that's my Que to get off twitter -_-
Everyone knows what we say for Tuesday right? Taco Tuesday!!! So Sit-Click-Eat Get your Taco Tuesday On! www.wausautogo.com
Don't have a fav. Movie & cuz my parents got happy one night & yeah you get the picture, lmao. :)
Thanks to all our brothers and alumni who came to the Fall 2010 Banquet and made it a blast, especially those that traveled from NYC!
my heart just broke!!! I miss you terribly!
that makes you sound slutty
this is my snack back off!
RT You are holding back on laughter W/ the news report just a second ago lolzzzzz. #HairDye SMH
Careful study of the beach pics. That's the way to go.
All I ask is a chance to prove money can't make me happy.
": Writing about privilege and my first and only encounter with Bobby Seale." Bobby Seale??!! Hope you're blogging it
What goes well with new flights being offered to #Hawaii? Our summer package deal starting at just $159 for #SPG members!
Rain across Houston area made a crosstown drive treacherous this a.m. Now, down to business in a dry office.
Nice! like the high aspirations. Yea, we cater more 2 USD students but we help out Mesa students when we can. Yes my Co
NOVA Job Op: Telemarketing/Phone Sales Superstar Wanted $50k to $150 - Call us if you are the best and can prove it. 1800-871-9012 x463384#
It is my fault. I keep falling for it. I'm nothing but nice to everyone and I just get shit on over and over.
so I missed b dubs, meeting Danielle and Sam again, and I can't wear alex's Pennie!...
Haven't seen it but I can imagine... [cringe]
Free social network promo on my profile. Works great for follows. Would you like to follow 4 follow? :)
The secret of happiness is to grow super duper chronic nuts!!!!
I'm all presentable & cute & out of the house before 12. This is weird.
Congrats pretty lady!
yep, that one. We used to walk to Gardners for lunch, we have a new destination.
i saw some of ur vids on youtube lol u r pretty good in singing i think u got a shot on winning the takent show
Feelings coming on.
U too Vida ! Kick ass in the gym own it <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
Is it so much to ask for my best friend back...?:/ oh yeah...it is...:'/
funny how i am doing math homework right now. lol OH god why...
i love kiansam13 its hella funny
What's it on?
hahaha no jail this time.. WE CAN DO THIS!!
that sounds like a hit!
#MANLAWVIOLATION Asking For Water At The Club Trying To Pose It As Patron, Major.....
With GB Packers winning the NFC, I'm feeling homesick for WI & snow! GO PACKERS!
Nutritionist say multiply your body weight by .37 to determine how many grams of protein your body needs each day.
I'm so hungry
hey skip, FR again. I just wanted to say good luck this week on the show. My bucks did great... Against Akron. Love ya man!
“Present and Account For” 1 Samuel 3:8-10; 19 You should have a sacred place set aside just for you and God alone.
I told the world that you are gonna need turn on axis cause it is my year. AND IT DID
oh cool(: & sorry i was doing someehitng
Like a tree.
Yes of course why not(:
"Like" this status if you are enjoying your Sunday ;)
I lick pussy like a thirsty dog drink water out its bowl
alright thanks:)
LOOKING GOOD SO FAR! :)
Thank you Aaron for the great year!!! I look forward to your offseason humor!
Yeah Baby Girl! H-Town Represent!
Filming tomorrow. I always love their speakers. Tomorrow will be an editor from
Open door seminar on Refworks at 12pm & 4pm today in LTB 2152. Come in, come all!
I'm a Barnard alum, and man oh MAN was that a big controversy on campus!
that's young Boogs?
Whiskey. Yen's chinese food. Hockey. Adult time . . . *sigh* Doo is with dad until Sunday and Doo is a Bull as of 1/4. Weight off back.
Building a business is simply doing all of the right little things correctly that add up to big results...
was throwing spears by the Little Big Horn River.
get your Skittles ready for sunday it should be a good one
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage
lmao, nah. I'll tell you on Monday so I can see your reaction.
For Western Skiiers, better late than never. Winter storm system to dump snow in Northwest & some in NorCal
Yes, but why reward me?
I'm So Far Gone Right Now
Yep! So many great places to see before then!
hahahahaha she's snorting.
Thank you so much toshyboo, it really was that was my mindset, it'll hurt now, but it'll be with me forever
I hear you -- "Linotype" is the "Arrested Development" movie of booknerdom
I used to think lots of things were important, but I'm much happier now.
DELL, I'M GONNA TWEET YOU RANDOM THINGS!:D is that ok?(:
It's Super Bowl Sunday! Bring on some football. Patriots or Giants? Which team is your pick?
thanks so much, Kristina! It means the world to me that you enjoy my work!
People really need to stop trying to hurt other people for pure ammusment and grow the fuck up!
Likewise, I'd love to connect! Thanks for the intro !
I love blind dog. I wish he could chill out w/ ocean cat.
#WouldYouRather: be rich and ugly OR dumb and good looking?
duh we are but are we hanging out?.. No
My mom is again in hosp. Almost lost her-but she is slowly improving.It is a watch and wait situation.Hope u r well.
did you say sawce? ;)
Amen!! Thank you brother :)
Shoot me if I ever wear elastic waist pants.
i hope it will be harder to do that at shoreline but probably not
Why is the president's success not seen as the country's success?
#JennaMarblesTaughtMe how to make my boobs bigger!!
gonna call it an early night .
Eating orzo pasta salad for lunch, makes me think of !!
following you all. Are you getting ready for summer?
I am off to Argentina! Can't believe it. How time has flown since securing my ticket. Let's hope American Airlines doesn't fail me.
The day is finally here. Habitat 4 Humanity 1st general body meeting will take place today @ 5pm. Be there!!!!
I hope everyone is having a good day!
eyebrow plucking hurts like a bitch
Looks like you are feeding the neighborhood!
hahahaha were gonna have to share... ;) <3
It's crazy, huh? Time to have some fun, that's for sure!
Who want to sit in the middle of a female Bukkake...
Outside Lands it is then, I miss you.
So San Diego is essentially Aztlan and despite that, they rock Elvis in public spaces. WTF ????
where is the lineup? feel like it's gonna be any day now..
good morning twitter!
"There are no barriers only solutions" Neal Petersen
Fat Tuesday is an excuse for girls to show their breast.
#What2ChainzWouldSay ya she swallowed me,every drop,thick legs darker than tha coffee shop,im 2 chainz,aint on diddy status only got 2 names
What did I learn during Spanish Class in High School? -- Talking about it right now on ZenLive.tv
When you lead with authenticity, it shows your perceptions are based in reality.
for the last two weeks I got on OMC but no one has been there. AND YES I COVERTED TIME!!!!
Happy Birthday Marshall!
Pain is weakness leaving the body.
really? Tell me more. cc
Hypertension Drug Adherence Associated with Fewer Hospitalizations and Lower Medical Costs but Increased Total Care ...
Lmao damn everyone hates on Pine Bush.
reality is people will suffer not just a threat.
You may contact Support directly at if you would like.^CS
(Also) Today in Literary History: Nobel Prize in Literature winner Rudyard Kipling ("The Jungle Book" "Just So Stories") was born in 1865.
Has everyone signed up for next Thursday's Young Milwaukee Holiday Gala? ITS FOR THE KIDS!!!
Yeah, its Wednesday! Don't forget half off all bottles of wine at Enoteca tonight
(1/2) If I do not hear from you by 7:30, I am heading to 510 N Orlando Ave Winter Park FL 32789. Meet me there by 1130-1145! Get ready f ...
So tired.. what a day its been today.. good thing its Thursday!
There's only one rule that I know of, babies-- God damn it, you've got to be kind.
lol nigga I used to run you with the thunder!
Prez: "Support the same kind of research and innovation that led to the computer chip and the Internet; to new American jobs"
Thank you for the RT.
Yankees and Giants i'm all for New York :)
Why would any Mets fan cheer for Jose Reyes tonight? F that guy.
Yay for showering! woo!
Haha :) RT : I want to play guitar with
Drinking an Izze at Starbucks in SoHo...about to rock out this audition
SXSW, SXSW, SXSW..... live music happening in the hilton lobby, starting at 9:00am. great way to start the day
Shout out to the dude who treated the full-sized Snickers even during these tough economic times.
THIS MIGHT BE MORE FUN TO TWEET FROM SINCE I'M FUCKING IRRITATED AS ALL HOLY HELL
Wait. The ex-husband is going to play Marilyn?
Oh we will have fun!!
RT : Tip: Blow air into resealable plastic bags storing paper towel-wrapped leafy greens. Carbon dioxide slows down their...
Karaoke! Come in and sing to singles. Who knows you might just meet your Valentine.
Damn its nice out!
mreeping has (5) sets of live comedy throughout the film,
Why did Shorty take a hoodie pic for her AVI? I think that might be the last straw.
GoodNight my peoples!!!Swag out!!!
I swear if I hear my little neighbor say PHILIP I'm gonna punch a hole in the wall. Then throw something out the window preferably myself.
#its2hot4that All black everything
Q: How do you make sure you're being sensitive, while at the same time getting the answer you want
thank u im hoping its false labor its still too soon!
I Just Seen Justin Behind Mayweather :)
Just followed
#28-Jake Long-OT-Miami Dolphins
Hopefully Rickie Weeks or Nyjer Morgan stay away from Jesse Ventura
Living under your spotlight...
It all started on January 15, 2007 when a boy from a small town in Canada opened his Youtube account.
S/O and Happy Charter Day to at Sam Houston State University! The light of Alpha is shining brightly in you! 06!
When you eliminate all the ridiculous profit margins in home improvement, you suddenly enter the affordability zone. I show you how.
What a twisted world we live in...
thanks you! tell me more about yourself...
I just signed up for Intro to Sociology with Mitch Duneier via #coursera Maybe I'll learn something about society.
well you make sure you let me know you in the Building
Marketing 3.0: A Powerful New Way Build Your Business & Land More Customers www.publicrelationsla.wordpress.com
so.. its been a little over a month since I've sized up my ears.. gotta fix that
Heartbreak is truly a strong barrier of anti-motivation. But the steps necessary to break down the wall will work out in the long run
“: now I know ur stupid” I was better at kickball when I was 8 than you are at age 37. Or however old u are
anyone see my asb card???
But of course! Cinco de Derby is tomorrow after all!
Demi Lovato: Stay Strong. Justin Bieber: Never Say Never. Selena Gomez: Be yourself. Miley Cyrus: Radiate Love. <U+2665>
It's a beautiful and sunny day in LA... Taking in the fresh air and sunshine.
on the phone w/ this foolie
My head is still swimming with all that #Faffcon was and is. It's great to be home, but I do miss my friends.
God has blessed me in numerous ways, but good test taking is one thing he decided not to bless me with.. What blessing took its place?
good night i love you so much. you mean the world to me.
Amen to this statement! Social networking sites that are about connecting > social sites where I have to block 99% of people.
If doesn't have mono it might be some other STD =) AND I don't smell, jerk!
dang alright
thats wassup....how old are you???
iCarly, Drake & Josh, Victorious, Zoey 101... THE BEST SERIES EVER :D
Happy #palindrome day! It's 11/02/2011 front and back. Happens once every 10,000 years.
Fixing mistakes in my calendar for #mlanet12 Don't know what I did but now it is just easier to manually enter the fixes
i have over 20 friends.
loving the playlist so far!
Been up since 5. Going to be a long day.
the intro to "fearless" always makes me cry
ahaha yeah but still it was scary. I even tried closing my eyes but it made me feel worse.
aren't ready to be comitted
Thanks. Definitely looking back to namehceap again, just hadn't researched in some time and thought I would get opinions
Finally done, feeling a rant coming on.
S2 is chock full of nerds tonight
Zynga is positioning themselves to be a key player in the US market when legalization hits, who blames her for playing nice?
LMFAO Why? you're scared you'll lose? :P
yes Even Boren out
sweet! Im game!
How come nobody ever says "everything happens for a reason" after something good happens?
Working session with the client went well this morning. Hard to get back to the grind this afternoon.
Thank you so much to and for my music shoutouts today!! Means the world! :)
i just RSVP'd and i'm excited!
But I have faith in her!
Good morning! Have you chosen your Halloween costume yet?
Brighten up your day with a luxurious tan, the best spray tan in the city--VersaSpa, or a relaxing massage! All at 123 W. Madison!
In Pakistan I did join graduate level studies in religion. The program was modeled on western Comparative Religion curricula.
I now remember why I don't like AAC evals.
Baby let me blow your mind tooooooniiiight...
Does the 4-Star wide-receiver who changed his committment from Notre Dame to Houston realize that Case Keenum graduated?
THIS SHIT FINNA BE ON ANOTHER LEVEL........
Thanks for the RT!! >>>RT : by : Did u know Shakeology has a HOT PINK lil sister? Who doesnt love a 140 cal
Planning on creating an event of afternoon/evening flag football for a few hours... Details to follow!
Haha, our CD sent that out to the agency yesterday - too funny... and true.
I absolutely LOVED the reading this afternoon Christmas in Hanoi was genius. Thanks for the contest and thanks to the actors!!
's hobby is studying the illuminati..
i'm waiting for "You're a bald ugly fuck with no sense of fashion, Charlie Brown" to come out on blue ray
Love is when two imperfect people come together to form something perfect.
kill it, dudes.
Why are you staring at me? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I'm no fashion expert, but I'm going to go on record saying I have a hard time seeing lululemon as anything but a girly brand.
I'm so happy this is one of the last days I ever have to be on wvsu campus. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
So, I just spun it how if you sound healthy and think you are healthy you are healthy. It worked on him at least.
Awesome end to an awesome day. 10 on the books today. Killed it! The only one standing in your way is you!!
Went 0-2 on House Hunters International :(
So jealous of
Um, yeah. #GoGreen Let's pull something out of our hat.
Does anybody have their Lit book for language arts with them right now ??? please ?
i need it to be tuesdaay thoo! I WANT/NEED my iphone4 NOW!
green space in the library, chairs that rock (as in rocking chairs) for fidgety kids...
it was a successful weekend! So many touching stories captured. Safe travels!
#oomf is just so damn cute Lmaoo
Eagles D lookin suspect
Without a doubt, the support for #MarriageEqaulity is winning today's debate
All tied up! Did the Penguins play empty net all game? Two grand slams...damn!
Simplify your life. Focus on a well-defined mission and remove excess baggage.
Chris Plummer is rocking' that velour smoking jacket!
That vanity will catch up with you one day.
just heard, congrats! looks like it will be fun
I How are you doing ? I'm Samuel who are you ?
Nothing like spending the afternoon in the Gold Coast to remind you what a broke-ass dirtbag you really are.
Sounds good. My afternoon tomorrow is relatively free at this point -- so most anytime after 11:30 should work for me.
Are you a frequent swirler at our Scottsdale location? Come in and try our newest flavors - Hawaiian Pineapple, Thin Mint, and Coffee!
okay thank you!! :)
dbl play not turned kills #tribe, Texas 2 good 2 give extra outs. Little things win these type of games. Runner less then 2 outs in 8th
Finally my day has ended, phew all this schooling better pay off!
Wow, has never been more wrong saying not to learn to code. Coding leads to computational thinking, the real goal.
I know! I am barely moving!!
HOWEVER, if your daughter is seriously considering Emory I would be more than happy to meet & talk w/ her abt the school & city.
Me and this nigga Steph just made the nastiest shit, period. Like my face hurts from scrunchin it so hard
a certain Anti-Hero turns 32 in less then a month! #humble and
Just got back from Wisconsin ): Its so much better there then here
thanks for your support dude! Have a great show tonight!
- it warms my heart that you and your husband like my book KNITS MEN WANT - thanks. www.knitwmenwant.blogspot.com
it misses you! come back! pleease!
yall def. wife beautiful smart sexy intelligent
Austin, I am in you. But will be leaving tomorrow.
I smell gumbo in your future
says pantyhose for an interview. Why? What is it even? The only way I'd wear it is over my head. If I were robbing a bank.
Thank so much Antoinette!
yes great fun. guess you'll be walking all the way back to inner sunset?!
Happy Friday y'all!
free historical novel to those abroad.Award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun www.Smashwords.com no money code DZ72J
Wats life without music i dont kno wat i would do on my spear time
The race is not for the swift but for those who can endure.can Mitt endure.I think not.who is this guy?
How in the FUCK did #MW3 win best Audio #bafta award over battlefield 3. The sound quality in BF3 is amazing.
“: Run your mouth & criticize EVERY team... But you just hopped on OKC bandwagon yesterday... Boy boo!” - my timeline
Self #love is the higher self telling the human self, look beyond that.
8:50 am & no parking at Toys R Us!!
yea june 8th
It's supposed to be 6am? What the hell happened to the sun?
Non-sweetened tea is why I have trust issues...
eh it's only 7 pages
On my third cup..
The individuals who know that nothing is owed to them and nobody obligated to them are more likely to succeed! #RealTalk"
I know. All the stores here closed. CC
Do it with me tomorrow :) We can be stuck together ;) x
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 14
Thanks for the feedback! Enjoyed speaking this morning - sounds like a really interesting course and program you're in.
and I hope you enjoyed your time back in NY Jose.
Best part of a day home from work-homework day is Chi Tung's lunch special.
wait, what?
who?? RT “: I went to school with one of the bachelor's announced for The Bachelorette. Ugh do I have to watch now?”
yeah but u love gettin paid so get to work fool lol
Have a wonderful day!
Hey Courts. I saw that and added you too. How r u? You know I'm a fool for an amazing house. Merry Christmas to you too! Hugz
Tours for the spring semester start TODAY! Tour guides r u ready? Prospies r u ready? Here's 4 a great semester &
Trying to get over this cold is making me sound worse. Hope folks can hear me at the presentation tomorrow.
RT* if you live in Atlanta
Everyone is beautiful<3
Hi Brian.
#FF Some of our team members
to Atl or Miami??? You ain't going anywhere tonight??
First really warm Friday night in DC and I hear sirens and bangs all around.
Penalty call on the Preds...Terry Crisp says "of course it is"...well said Crispy
I know, right! Everyone said the same thing.
Hate to trash my guy Santorum, but he looked a bit weak confronting Paul
Ok twitter it has been awhile..... BUT WHERE ARE MY # TITTYTUESDAY FREAKS LOL.......
Dancing around to moves like jagger:)
Read the newspapers and look for ads by dept. stores each trying to outdo the other with cheap prices, for cheap IMPORTED products.
Gonna cut aftter 4th today :D
Co-host Jim Armstrong calling in now from San Francisco, where he's covering Rockies-Giants, Mile High Sports, AM 1510!
“: I'm just in the bed as if I don't have somewhere to be. I hate mornings.” < get your azz up!
awww that's so sweet:)<3
Please no one tell me what's happening on we can't watch it!!
If you are a ZirMed customer with an idea, we’d like to hear it,
I'm happy to help, if you can benefit from my exploits both good AND bad, then I'll gladly share
Wait but aren't you a man???
Oracle gives away updated Ops Center control freak
Still no power. Going to sleep, hope everyone is OK
On the way home from the Sarasota mall! I got an awesome new dress and a new sweat shirt at forever 21 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Just wake up and start dreaming.
I didn't finish my homework. But I have till 11:59.:/
Does anyone know any fantastic and reasonable photographers in NYC? Need photos for website and press release. Thanks
RT plz have on your show. I dare you not to be moved to tears by both their humor & generousity.
nice and each had its own journey
#GirlsWithPrettyFeet spend a lot of money. It takes a lot to make your WHOLE body look good.
Business is really picking up!! Keep it coming!
We want to give love times three and present great music for you to jam and relax and have fun to!!! Our love is infinite!!
Lol!! Yes I can do that! And yay for both!! (: Let's hang son pleasee
I'll be a jets fan this year tebowing!
Hey, not my faulty y'all are on fire this morning. You want me to start asking for snack food deliveries again?
when aren't u reported what is the name of the thing
well if I'd a seen this an hour ago...
"No longer lend your strength to that which you wish to be free from. Fill your lives w love & bravery & you shall live a life uncommon."
Doing more damage tonight...
Thank you for the RT, and for all of your work!
Yeppers, def supposed to be "CBS". They are right next to each other on the keyboard!
RAW WEDNESDAY'S RAW WEDNESDAY'S RAW WEDNESDAY'S RAW WEDNESDAY'S RAW WEDNESDAY'S @ CLUB ELEGANCE
Are vegans always getting hungry from seeing bushes and grass and stuff everywhere?
Let us know if you ever need another jersey framed! We're here in the Nati!
U R killing me No, I won't be in #STL 4 the Cubs/Cards opener. However, that will be historical & I'm assuming u will?
Now I can't get food off my mind. haha Gotta find something. lol
diving into Pottermore!!!!
"Trendy" has never described me, and I have no desire to change that. #CardCarryingContrarianTweets ;-)
aww give the bitch a chance! :)
don't think of you as a cheese player by any means
I miss Brothers & Sisters. Sunday nights are not the same!
They talkin behind my girl back they musta seen her ass then.
You must still be in Austin b/c if there is a 30 degree difference btwn NY & BOS might have to drive 3hrs
Only in NY.
haha im over here for another month man;D
if u unfollow me i want get mad this is #twitter lol.
I'm actually excited to go to brazil even though most Brazilians get on my last nerve. I just want to be at the beach
Nothing so far.
At Titos Tacos :)
thanks! Happy new year to u too! :)
$3.99 for a meal ain't too bad!
RT : LISTENING TO #KE$HA on the way back from the #rockies game!!! what car dance moves should I be doing? #greatdan ...
You're very welcome! Great job!
Oh - pineapple in my lunch! Yummy! Thank you, honey!
My work is a place of sadness.
VINNNYYYYYYY PLEASE COME HOME!!!
Just got done with my day. Prac workout now its time for a massage then bed
The giggling in Biology class when the teacher said 'Sperm Whale'..
man i love making beats
Frequent naps & good herb.. I'm anxious to be back at the stadium tomorrow!! Untill then I keep calm & carry on with what I have planned
you guys play the best funk music on automation!
On FlexBond: I know, right!? I ended up buying a gallon, then a little squeeze bottle to apply.
thank u!
I tweeked my new background at 1am so hopefully no one got to see it. It was messy for a while!
i knew it.
We thrive in a social climate that applauds and endorses drunken idiocy but treats drug addiction with disgust, contempt and scathing gossip
Two Web Domains For Sale www.LasVegasCityLiving.com & www.VegasCityLiving.com Email for more Info.
HEY <3(: WHY dont u make anymore youtube videos? :[ and reply to me on youtube <3
and we have coach Karl its nice to be a Denver fan
RT Let your dreams be bigger than your fears and your actions be louder than your words. All day, every day!
yawl are rockin the articles. I look forward to a couples retreat! Thanks.
Thomas Sweet is my fave but I also like FrozenYo, Sweetgreen, and Mr. Yogato.
This is the morning to screw with a few people. Time to dance girls, who am I picking first
Lets see if Mexico doee something now..
Max is not liking the heat today. My poor baby...
i wana go skate! let this shit end now!
Started new job today Media ... great gig, great team!
It's coming real soon. and will be much better than the first. belie that
Hey peeps! We just shot some videos last weekend where we answered your college questions. Post a question and you might be our next feature
Hey, thanks for the follow!
Tomorrow, we interview Get ready, we're coming fast - with lots of killer conversations in the pipeline for your ears.
yawn. I shouldn't be awake.
So proud of you for making top 20 at Miss New York USA!!! You rocked it girl!! <3 x0x0
GlobalChronicle How to measure (and improve) students’ digital skills? chroni.cl/p36phl
studying for my final :-)
I'm Finna check it out
whatchin limitless and trying to do my capstone project
That work
Had a long chat w CEO last year. Cool UI, nice guys. Tough to build one size fits all tho. Good to see narrower focus.
« RT LeBron's mouthguard says "XVI." It takes 16 wins for an NBA title.»
thank u!
working on my masterpiece...
Welcome Lee. Please sit down.
I just tweeted James
I'll DM it to you
Sunday afternoon BBQ
I Just got my first and so excited to try all the fun products! Loved the cute packaging :)
I wasn't aware there were any people that liked UPS.
That Braun bomb was a thing of beauty
Summer Dance Program will be from July 2 - July 20 with a recital on July 20!
ug, kill me now. BUMMED!
RT "Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm."
It's sad when someone can't choose your love over drugs and/or alcohol :(
This week is flying by
It's gonna be a good meet. 100% and nothing less today
#Pronger is officially out tonight for game 2, according to several Philadelphia reporters.
That wind was horrible!!
"There's only one mind-expanding drug that this man enjoys and that's called school." (Sheldon Cooper)
thank u for the feedback on the article on !
You are very welcome! Thank you for sharing your mornings with us :)
Wish you were here to do workshop for #THATCamp #HBCU! :)
,Smartphones & Tabs just outshipped PCs and Desktops. Increasing need to use both WiFi spectrums & standards based security 802.1X
Pinot Noir, cabernet, vodka anything...what to drink while watching Cowboys defeat the Eagles tonight? Maybe something blue!
#quotes #art #photg Art is the most intense mode of individualism that the world has known. Oscar Wilde
See the Nuggets play at home against the Phoenix Suns tonight at 9 p.m. ET!
hahha I agree. I buy way too much.
Your life is so hard RT : Why do I have to decide between seeing speak and having lunch with ?
Home Buying Tip - The secret to buying a home is finding a house in a neighborhood you love!
thanks for add
Busy day tomorrow <U+263A><U+2728><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> #remindsmeofthatamazingsummer <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0085>
at least they aren't owned in majority by McDonald's anymore, then that commercial would be downright absurd
Thx for the follow-back, Patty. You honor us!
like em? i LOVE them ! lols :)
Wishing you and yours a very Happy Holidays!
Happy Mothers Day Mom<3 I love you soo much
Thank you for the Reeeetweeet!
Olney, Illinois celebrates a Squirrel Day festival to honour the 200 albino squirrels that live in the town lets go!
School; fond music from the summer; trees turn; wind shifts; fire up the grill; football; burning leaves; wind blows/Labor Day Weekend ah
Wow what a full weekend. Wouldn't have it any other way. Tons of time with friends and family from !
MAY BABY!
Getting ready for my 0.1 K run by landscaping the new firepit. See you at 4:00pm cdt.
it's all over! See you October 21st!!
Low key watching the rangers game at home with some sweet tea. Then it will be time to watch the Lakers lose.
today was a GOoD day
Before you head to work, catch me on Jansing & Co. at 7:14 am PT/10:14 am ET where I'll talk about the Affordable Care Act.
yeessss!!! I know you'll push me! I love that!!
EVERYONE FOLLOW for me plz
Eh, it's a quantity over quality kinda day.
geekin' out over here.
Hey, family, are you ready for a new semester? We are! Good luck everyone today as Spring 2012 commences.
It is feasible for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative response to its innate limits and problems.
going out yay
Prosound Network: All The King’s Mics - the tonal qualities from mics like those used in "The King's Speech" are now available in a plugin.
is searching for lost High School classmates for our 20 year reunion.
inebriated texting in a foreign language.
if only win and loses, power ranking count in WWE, if only lol
#ight watching back
Essay to finish tomorrow.... GNITE.
So we go to Vegas and what do we see?! bullying ninjas on hove-arounds yo! Lol
I get in my car, and it starts blasting Journey on the radio. It's good to be home.
New favorite boardroom saying: Sniff check.
I got amazing friends and fam. Thanks for all the talks and wisdom yes!
ATTENTION! Need more followers!? follow she WILL get you 50+ followers...TODAY
#Obama 's swagger is always on 1000. I am looking forward to hearing his State of the Union
decided to release singles ...because i can! xD forget waiting for the whole album to be done
O come, let us sing to the Lord; let us make a joyful noise to the rock of our salvation! Psalm 95:1
Everyday I say I'm moving on, but in the end I never do. :(
Maury today. this gone be good.
lmao i thought he was at work?
Happy birthday to me <3
Im sleepy now from this weather :/ <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
so true! It's a great place to be!
Elliott Smith is holiday music, right?
#Snow tonight in #Boston!!!!
same here alexx
I'm never on Twitter anymore O.o
Good call. RT Is the TIME Magazine cover tweeting yet?
If someone gives me a legit reason how weed is a "drug" I wont buy a blunt today .
i know the feeling
Can we try one more time, i'll make it all better, cause it's gotta be you
Aye brah Where Can I Find That "F#ck Pok'Chop"
I concur Tia. You are quite the hottie!!
Actually younger was prob around the same time for all of us? I'm 39! :)
idk? Oh & speaking of lee. A certain someone decided to text me & he was like. Oh btw. I still like u. W. t. F.
it'd be amazing if you favorited this..
Hate how Ex's go and block me on FB & Twitter, and tell me to lose their number, ect. Lol, bitch, who said I was gonna try to contact you!?
What's one thing you NEED in your backstage area? ;)
Suppose he can't have people mistaking him for the 33 King...
Announcement 1: We've moved! Both physically and digitally
citable datasets could help RT In UK, citizen devs very keen to feed back fixes into gov data, trouble is to get gov to accept it
Work >.< this is going to be the longest day ever
Parade in honor of Our Lady down our street in Madrid at 1am, marching band and all...no big deal!
I got 3/4 of a sewing project done before Grace decided I needed to be done. That's a record!
You done a great job this weekend at YEC TN ! You touched my heart!
RT You cant fool a #Taurus but they will let you think you have, for the moment.--true shit!!!!!
RT and Follow if you love T-shirts, Tank Tops, beaters , Hats and Hoodies! Thanks!
Have had an amazing time in New England. Will miss the massive amounts of Clam Chowder & Lobster Bisque! Back to #midmo #lomo & Italian wine
Bitterly cold weather will cont to grip much of Upper Midwest and Great Lakes Region thru end of week...bundle up!
Wanting the #Nuggets to pull this 4th Q together and find a way to knock Kobe & #Lakers OUT
Why am i always wide awake at night?
Walked to the store and got a Fiji water and a esquire magazine with the man the myth the legend RDJ on the cover
hahahhahaha! Mouth to mask!
Re Bachelor: You ready? Have a favorite yet?
WikiLeaks Judge Allows Tweeting In Court eweekeurope.co.uk/news/wikileaks… via
Only drove it in to work so far... but it's pretty cool
The calm before the storm...
the concert was amazing(((: and ik one day you will and when ya do..Tell me how you liked it!! <3
Did Perry just blame the dirty Mexicans for his low high school graduation rates?
i feel bad for breaking his heart, but i couldn't take him any longer.
My family is just so fucking stupid.
about to turn in a paper, pack up, and head home ! Indy here I come !
Whoops. No. Mom reminds me It was Jair Marufo.
some of it
mobile birding pass not accepted. Lax moves us three times to go through security. I guess has now ruined this airline
Today at #Fridays, 4 is the magic number! #HappyHour #specials today include Corona bottles and our awesome #highballs for $4!
This is not a playground lady. Don't laugh at your toddlers as they run screaming through the library.
cool..wht's it about ?
I think society as a whole is more cynical now, especially the last 10 years or so.
Pussy ass nigga I don't want ya gonorrhea(:
Enjoying the beautiful Port St. Lucie breeze at Jennifer Breeze's place. Ah.
WE JUST SEE ALL IN PINK <3
preparing for tomorrow's photoshoot!
I agree, however i think the storms may be on their way. Thats ok showers bring beautiful flowers!
Update your home's appearance with a beautiful Re-stucco from Chavez Lath & Plaster, Inc.
I hear ya
how is it three?!
Related question -- is it possible to remove motor oil from trunk upholstery, or is it completely ruined?
Do we have Mr SW here?
wanna talk about it?
popping out of SL mode for a second: Q respond? Seriously people. The same Q who has replied to a later email?
Well off of that
Also: Parker liked your Glen Campbell idea, but we couldn't make the timing work
#reading In Harm's Way by Ridley Pearson at lunch - can lunch break last for the rest of the day?
Hoping it's in gods plan for me to get this apt!
How do we request that guests refrain from bringing gifts?
good for you. Still pisses me off to no end, haha.
Working on somethings
Today is my last full work day until April 25th! This is going to be the longest vacation I've taken since... ever?
it came to me just now....this mixtape will be my best yet
Does anyone write anything original or just quote everyone else?
Use `sysctl machdep.cpu` to see #CPU info on a #Mac OS X machine. Not yet sure how to determine L1/L2 cache size via OS X #terminal. Anyone?
#iusedtothink that everybody actually used monopoly money to buy & I would torture the cashier to just take it when my mom wasn't looking.
Reunite at JazzFest! RT : re-listened to the #phish '91 run of Giant Country Horns. Wow is all I can say.
Met him many years ago, he was a consultant at firm where I worked. The nicest man.
Stop by for a burger, fries, and Rose Water, Peach Lemonade or Strawberry Cherry Juice!
Apple will soon ask its carriers to tighten their online security to prevent their IMEI. Is that right?
Aw! And we love you! #lovefest RT : We love and
bridesmaid dresses
Thank you following us.
Actually im joking. tasted more like...cranberry juice mixed with...expired relish.
change of plans, we're going to kims house.
on Sunday, not Saturday. Oops. #soawk But now my whole day is free!
i like pizza as a kid, i like pizza now. NOM NOM NOM
ATTENTION: If you get a message from me claiming to have found something bad, written about you. Do not fall for this nor click its link.
and Urban is better than both.
People say im an addict, got a lot of bad habbits, love smoking that brocolli and i love stacking that cabbage
haha oh my gosh. Movie got to ya already huh??
I spent today brainstorming PR & business marketing ideas for & . Here's to hoping that I can make an impact!
Whos down to play some poker tonight?
not accepted to the Atlanta Unifieds this year. Selection committee sayd: believes there is not enough foward motion to receive new credits.
When we pursue kingdom principles above His presence, we are looking for the kingdom without a king.
...i'll just be thinking about it more then :)
It didn't work :(
James harden with the pretty finger roll.
AGREED! ;) RT: O I would love to see your home feature!
See us and the C3 Sweets at the #DubCustomCarShow May 20th
M, can't get into it at work or I'll get all hot and bothered ;) x Had an amazing time and will DM later. How are you?
We just got some new *honey toke rolling papers*
I do not want a friend Who smiles when I smile Who weeps when I weep For my shadow in the pool Can do better than that.
Fair enough. I'm sure you are. Thanks for answering!
NEW STUFF UP AT HTTP://WWW.MOJOSWORLD.NET!!!! SUBMIT REQUESTS FOR VIDEO OF THE DAY OR PIC OF THE DAY BY E-MAILING
Half Price Bottle Day! All bottles on the wine list are half price!
Starting to make a pile for #OAH2012. Looks like the exhibit hall is above ground--exciting if true!
RT : You are not alone!! The payroll tax system is complicated and most small business owners need help!!...
BEEN @ CAPACITY @ PLAYHOUSE ALL TABLES ARE SOLD OUT!!
5.2 is Tom Brady range. Just waiting for a Danette injury to showcase your talent?
Ok Im On it Nowww !
same on this side it's crazy
you say were best friends i say now you have one less person in your life.
Jump into the middle of things, get ur hands dirty, fall flat on ur face & then reach 4 the stars.
Ido Leffler will be speaking this fall/spring about positive brands and the power of YES
Look forward to following your tweets.
I broke my yoyo :(.
I dont know what too say but cry .
thank you for all the RTs
which am I more excited about..... baseball in 30 days or !?
Happy St. Patrick's Day Everybody!
I'm Addicted to Twitter O.o
#thatawkwardmoment when someone asks you how old your baby is... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
you're misunderstanding that recruiting is a raw pattern match game. Still. Somebody should disrupt it.
Im with you now RT : you're with Steven??
Christian Bales's red beard is bad ass!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
Light up.
the need to make new episodes of , , & !!.they need to make an episode of btr were jo comes back!!!!!
Coming down on an emotional high. Realizing how beautiful the weekend/wedding was. Great family & great times.
Yayy I won bitchy bingo
And don't forget to catch my man tonight at the Roseland
That was the audio edition of Dark Corner. Glad it made a memorable impression!
emotion driven baking!! So my style. Sounds delicious Love you
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, Tx with
Sure :D, Follow back ?
Tip #164: In side games it's important to know where your opponents minds are. Most play better when they are winning & worse when losing.
well come and pick me up, youu got youur permit. My moms not leaving till lyk 4
Cheddar is very concerned about the dog barking on tv during a clip of The Artist and he is voting against it.
#3885. How awesome are you??:P
Looking forward to some home-cookin' with &
RT : Perhaps we should encourage people to "own" the failure rather than reject it, which is our nature
Heels. I hate them. So uncomfortable.
yes the key is make it positive
(c) with trying to boost people's selfconfidence so hop off everyone who gives compliments #alllovenohate <3
The mentally disabled often find it difficult or impossible to go thru life without some type of assistance. Never be afraid to ask for help
piano , a sweet kitten and a cup of coffee .....great start to a late Sunday morning
Ribs to start being served full-time: Fact or Fiction?
hahaha yes! Look at my face- pure focus
I'm tryn go
Nice. Best of luck! Get it.
I love puppies but once they're big they don't get any love from me -.- lol
Thank you Jonathan! Glad you've found useful!
Chris Weber: "I don't believe a shorter person should ever get a T for hitting a taller person." What??!
They look good!
Milwaukee is crazy but i love it!
structure? Cmon now
damn i hate the Man or Woman Maury episodes
My background is sexy. m.
The requirements to exceeding audience expectations are innovative, original, and unique ... innovative + original + unique = RISKY
Shorty got that
Why is it not 1:16 yet?! D;
No questions:(
I'm actually , although it's nice to know I have a cousin in the Philippines! ()
Agreed - can't wait to see what they offer.
<3 i love you to.(: what're you doiingggg?
What is a buttress? A female goat.
We will bro
Everybody's in Hawaii while my sister and I are home alone
Morning workout before work.
just did nine!!! Yay!
ain't no holla back girl
“Stay-at-Home Moms Report More Depression, Sadness, Anger" my goal is to help end #depression w/ #fitness and #nutrition!! Contact me
Yayayay early release <U+263A>
Interviewing on Thurs for the 1st Flipped Learning Network Podcast! Tweet me questions & I'll ask as many as I can.
OST is staffing 4 exclusive opptys for QA Testers. Experience with .Net, Visual Studio, C# is required. Are there any testers out there?
awww now... keep ur chin up...
taking a break from the twits is a tragedy to the manlove he shares with
Hey Peyton Whats Your Skype Pic Is It U And Stephanie Scott Or Just U Sorry Those 2 Are My Friends But I Wanna Know Witch Is U!
Did you learn it by looking it up in a dictionary?
YOU JUST HAD SUBWAY EARLIER!& NOW OLIVE GARDEN?LOL(:
Right now we need unity. War is not about whats right. It's about whats left. Only through unity can we fix society,
They have a mind of a two year old my five year cousin. Is smarter than a boston fan
Went on an adventure with the family today
Hoarders: Breaking my heart one dysfunctional family dynamic at a time.
Just finished an amazing day at The Hispanic Business Showcase and now on the way to SF for Instructions for Peace!
Oh. Sorry. I watched that movie with a grimace. Jessco's description of huffing has made me afraid to paint ever again!
bish. =[ i.miss.you. IVE NEVER REALLY GOTTEN TO EVER TALK TO YOU PERSONALLY. I JUST REALIZED THAT I MISSED YOU LAST NIGHT.
I will definitely try Black Cherry next time Pick N Save has it's on #sale. Sounds Delicious!
my mornings are not the same! Hope you're well and maybe I'll see you around town instead now!
This is so shitty
If I conjure the imagined longue durée, only then is this Romney campaign is fascinating to watch. Otherwise, I'm terrified.
Thank Justin For Not RT My Post But Happy 18th Birthday
Can all of this really be worth the struggle? I dont know..just gotta wait and see i suppose. Just another day in the life of..
*Whip sound !*
Another GROW47 update: Friends of Courtenay has scheduled a full slate of events! Look for them in this weeks newsletter.
thank you for the RT's! :)
targets "adultsters" in #sm - young, affluent, and hungry for celebrity access
Woolard: Students are very divided. Someone will be very upset regardless of what we do. Rhetoric has been unnecessarily harsh.
<3's ! That's two scoops of vanilla ice cream, not a heart (as some of you might think) ;) <-- that's a wink
better. Thank you
hum, would have benefited from serious editing.
If everyone walked around with their orgasm face, no one would ever get laid
Look out! RT : #FF my friend or she'll sneak into your house and rearrange your furniture.
Hundreds of powerful Women in Architecture! at a networking dinner together at a museum devoted to women in arts! Amazing!
send me an email with info and tunes.
good to see you at Clyde's last night Ceej. Go Caps!
Goodbye new baseball on weeks homer and goodbye dj carrasco on Braun bean!!!!
My dog takes up like all of the bed! He's lucky that I'm too lazy to push him off.
Soup of course!
First day of summer = Excited!!
We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory. Cicero
you could have pocket tweeted far worse things! :p
Thanks! RT #FF #FollowFriday Amazing Peeps That Deserve A "High Five" Daily!!!
hey follow me i #fb. and if yu have any music out can i hear it?
Maximum days the same shirt can be worn: 6. Customer said,"I know some ppl don't believe in deodorant, but..."
yeah u gotta it
just did x
Apparently I'm having a hard time with it appearing as a link. Just type "playbill toymaker" into google and it should appear at the top!
Is Vinny On Ustream Right Now.?
So hard to believe Sissy was born 17 yrs ago...seems like only yesterday.What an enjoyable journey-can't wait to see what lies ahead!HB Hun!
Sunday is the day I hear your new album and you hear mine. #blunts and #40s in
“: I HATE working with annoying people.” AMEN!
More fiber equals less hunger. Load up on fiber at lunch with a Beef Tostado Salad and you’ll stay full for hours.
Life is so precious.
great to be together here too!! Xox
Four large oaks (not dead, not diseased) came down in the Dallas snowstorm, pulling out my water line. Need tree trimmers and plumbers.
thanks for sharing! have a joyful day today and every day! ;)
Haha, I wish! This quarter's already shaping up to be pretty brutal though, so definitely don't need any more.
RT : We hope you had a safe New Years Eve! Here's to 2012 being your year!
What's up ppl
As of 4pm #GiveBIG funds have reached $5.07 Million for our local nonprofits! What a powerful day for our community and !
Already have that set up. Special sweeps piece running in July. Amundson and Adamson at Big Splash Adventure!
The Argus is practiced compassion. With an eye on you, as one is in me.
man its goin down on sportcenter this morning. How the hell am I supposed to get work done
Fantastic! RT #Trucker Tip: Give a compliment 2 next person you see - proven to improve your mental health, reduce your stress
#JeremyLin is fun to watch...only reason I've watched a #NBA game tonight #Pacers aren't on TV here.
Breathe and believe
I side with you! Regardzlez of the situation, we still learn something new tho
A few last minute cancellations opened up some spots for tonight's Riedel Wine Tasting! Call 290.5720 to sign up. (Hurry! Last Chance!)
True pork passion comes in all forms. ;)
#ilove the way u lie
I love scary movie 3! lol
Disappointment....it happens.
Watching #justgowithit w/ and family. cracking up!
Back in sunny LA !
awesome idea, excited to see where you take it!
I swear, i sometimes here my phone get a text message & once i look i have non.
You have to! He's amazing! I gave him a teddy bear in person when he came to Hollywood like 5 years ago XD He's so short!XD
IT GOING DOWN AT THE KING OF DIAMONDS TONIGHT CALL 786 223 1654 FOR V.I.P
LOL i really don't want to ruin my tolerance. It's perfect at the moment.
2 of the best #thrillers EVER: The Informationist by Taylor Stevens and The Keeper of Lost Causes by Jussie Adler-Olsen. Highly recommended.
Good to see you - I must have you join me on an adventure!
Did abunch of splits... I hurt now :/
Were it not for music, we might in these days say, the Beautiful is dead. ~Benjamin Disraeli
Yes, I have the best job ever.
Honey I feel you, but this heat... Blech... No sleep for the un air conditioned.
sorry to hear that - it's not that long of a flight to Chicago :)
....wow gr8t work
Just finifhed teaching Zumba in the circuit at Tierrasanta. Thank u all for coming!! See u next time on Wed 10am! Good job!
Went ahead and bought VIP tickets as a christmas present for my baby sisters. Stoked!! :D cant wait to see again(:
Good Morning! I am going shopping with my GF today! yes i got one!!
Something to do with an ass slap ... Which I'm always up for ;-)
Social Media Marketing Kit (4 instructional videos and ebook)
"Everything I believed about young adult literature is a lie!" Simpsons offer critique on modern publishing industry w/guest Neil Gaiman
Take America back from the political parties and their lobbyists become a registered non-partisan voter and join the occupy movement.
is nice- why on earth does everyone think thats flirting?! thats a totally different level. be real people!!
#ificouldiwouldbringback the love for classic #movies #moviechatters is the place to chat about your favorite movies
TY for following us ! Have a great Tuesday!
When Mrs. Knapp buys us Starbucks coffee and breakfast >>>
You know you're tired when...you put hand soap on your toothbrush...AND you stick it in your mouth
All I want for my birthday is for my little black cloud to leave!
It's Thursday and you know that means Friday is around the corner. Let's hear what you are doing to end the week on a healthy note.
Simon Doonan gave an incredibly heartfelt and moving speech tonight at the FGI Night is Stars gala.
thank you so much for all you do for others.
Radwanska tops Sharapova for title at Sony Ericsson
Or is the legendary CBGBs opening up in a new Manhattan location. Both rumors are circulating.
You're welcome! :D
word im gunna get you the logo to show you what ive been workin on..im pumped to get all this in motion
do you love it?
Gonna be hitting you California folks in a week!!!
Today I became a redhead!
Thanks to the many active tweeters!!!
. to sign marriage equality into law on March 1 at 5pm at the State House.
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.13
Going to get more ink for my printer...I go through so much ink or atleast my printer does!
That awkward moment when the sentence doesnt end the way you think it cabbage.
wtf....wht kind of world are we living in? -_____-
I'll see if I can work something out! Would love to hang out with you ladies, drinking vino lakeside
oh yeah, I bet you really love this
lol you think I only go places if it involves food, well guess what you're right how the hell am I still in shape not human
hey family!!
Playing don't like my moma getting mad ass hell
TT,sponge balls and cards(Sam the bellhop)
How mad i am at you <<
Big belly rude boy !
If she heard this shit, we'd be on a flight to New York right now I promise you.
Hey so I picked up some nutella the other day! So good:) I put it on bananas. What else is it good on?
WHAT. CABIN IN THE WOODS ISN'T SHOWING AT MY THEATER?! NO
price range?..
To hell with that, I'm playing for Chubbs
Road trip? Where you headed this summer? -PT
Appreciate the twitter love tonight!
Still waiting for to make fun Of me for getting a kindle...
O...Somebody help us break 13K Likes!
I wish I could retweet that
that's messed up. I am going to have to stop watching now.
Milwaukee is going to show some of MMA's rising stars a great time!
I have been wondering around my house stroking my cock as I'm doing chores. Now I'm hella horny!!
don't you worry gurllllll i GOTCH U!
Ok peep des new hoes I got
will look over them further later, but do we have to write an acknowledgment section? I looked on your blog and it wasn't there.
Wow! What are they so afraid of?
kinda like whoop that trick..but its jump that nigga!!!
Wow!! I wish we worked with you, Mimi! Ever thought about getting into the trade association business??
what are ya gonna buy me?
Found you on Twitter!
Like, I really should have made the caloric jump for several pints of Ben & Jerry's.
NO YOU TOLD MY STATE TO SINK, IF IT SINKS I DIE
Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they believe they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you.
go wish one of the owners a happy 16th birthday! :D
I love seeing small, local businesses on Twitter - right on!
twttr SPECIAL:Buy 1 entree & get 2nd FREE up 2 $12.95. Dinner menu only. No other discounts apply. PLZ PRINT THIS PAGE & give to server. Thx
someday.... Let's just keep our heads up
!!! you are too sweet. And awesome. I propose we have an internet tea party to celebrate.
this should go on every pay check.
I have four days off from serving, so excited to put A LOT more time in for FOUR14 stuff :)
the city of angels is calling my name
LOL! He wiggles in that space between truth and manipulation a little too well for my taste.
AND THE RANDOMLY SELECTED WINNER IS........ !!! Thanks to everyone that followed and helped out!! Check your DMs
looks like theyre trying to make the palomar mix a twice weekly or daily thing. if it ever stabilizes i'll let you know.
TRUNK SHOWS- Saturday, May 19th, Allen Edmonds Shoes and Individualized Custom Shirts. Bring in a pair of gently worn shoes for Soles4Souls
Big thank you's to and for sharing helpful #foodtips in time for #Valentine'sDay.
Dr. Joyce Latham opens the morning session by acknowledging the rich multigenerational perspectives in the room
Finished w/semester and Christmas shopping, can finally read The Iron Knight by So looking forward to this!
Gonna get some wine and good stuff 2nite. Hittin up my dude 2nite
Custom Harleys at Thunder In The Valley: One of the best motorcycle rallies starts today in PA
But looks better naked ;)
Follow He's a huge BITCH!
Tonight.....we are young!!!!
Ha! He dont know I'm knowing all of his secrets... Like brother Ken, he so fake, don't even got a dick in his pants O_o #truestory LAME
thinking about signing up for #crossfit this summer...thoughts vs a regular gym membership?
I finished "Journey to the Center of the Earth" on my ride to work and am going to start an autobiography of Cheetah from the Tarzan series.
I know the price is steep, but it is totally worth it -- it's a wonderful place.
Nice collab....thanks for sharing the new song...you should do this more often...
Block party today @ 110 Morningside. Food, music, Car show and shopping! Would love to see you all there.
Love it!! You ROCK!!
Even the best fall down sometimes, even the wrong words seem to rhyme.
when you see a 21-30 year old guy flirting with a 16 year old girl online < O.O
Got marbles? Certain people here seem to be short a few ;0
Enough said RT “: Live and learn through hard times.”
“: Where r u going this weekend?” zombie walk on Friday night. Family shows Sat and Sun. Monday night.
YW Ellen! The Boston #e2conf looks very exciting this year! I hope to make it. Did you get 's book yet? Pure Gold
I just watched his 2 innings from last night. He's got the offspeed stuff working for him. Not surprised with those numbers.
"take it back to my hotel"
No BOHH No Cry- Bob Marley
HI guy
This is the second time John Michael MacDonald has presented "The Nightmare Dreamer" with It's great to see it's growth.
Much like today but more sun than rain.
im jealous lol
yea he already said that he did://at least he is happy
MT : #GOP stands firm in opposition to taxes. Dem tax hikes hurt families & small biz. Must cut spending, grow economy & create jobs
awesome posts Thankyou!
I've been waiting all day, for you to call me babbbbyyy
THX! : Pitmen Painters is such a lovely piece of work. A true love letter to art, labor & the labor of art. Hats off to
#Latism is the 3rd largest community on Twitter. Combined w #topblogueras it will be 1st! Powerful voices! We want to meet u!
done with twitter for the night...maybe
“: What a gorgeous day for our #Classof2012 to get their diplomas. Congratulations, all!”
RT : Greensboro is ready for ! Wanna try out? U have until 6am 2morrow morning 2 come register at
nice to meet you :)
Great time last night with StarKid!! Thanks to all that came!
HAPPY FRIDAY EVERYONE?!?!?! Who is going to hangout at Rebecca Blacks house tonight with us, She makes a wicked fruit punch. =p WEEHOO!
Killer boots man
whent to pick up my friend
Who did you get it from?
Seasons 52 was the WINNER for “Best Romantic” and runner up for “Best Restaurant to Take Clients" in Orlando Sentinel's Best Bets Awards!
My coffee intake for the past three weeks has been ridiculous. Two cups in one hour.
you have and always will be my favorite! Im honored to say I've seen you live! Keep it up:-)
Plan Ahead web site http: //www.planaheadnow.com
Tonight ! Homework); #YEE );
i have been studying for so long!! so nervous for math test!!!
Just finishing up the post man! I will tweet it 2 ya & post on your Facebook! Man I'm dying laughing from 2ndnature vids lol
hear, hear. i took her java class a few years ago. great teacher.
Stayed up too late watching Country Strong. Hated the ending, but was ama
i wonder if #oomf thinks of me as often as i think of them
justin i love u forever <3 i am a fan and will never leave u! even tho some of my friends may dis u i will always be a follow
Phone calls are the new telegrams
Thanks to all who made it possible to follow #AAS3rdCentury, esp.
You're so welcome!!!
Words cannot express how much I hate home depot!
Explains the process of finding #angelinvestors and that was their first #impactinvestor as a
The #JoePaterno autographed football goes for $400!
Bored at home
and i really like you too:) let me know any Sunday you can make it and I'll put you on my list. Rock on!
#Check out my demo reel www.imdb.me/alexmontaldo
My Vegas vacation needs to hurry up and get here before my tan wears off and I gain all my weight back.
He slipped in slime haha
thank you!!
Simon are you gonna fight L A Reid
You can find them used/refurbed, but I don't know about keeping Prime shipping.
you only have a month left, you can do itt lol
Damm RT : I hate waken up wit morning wood
Join for free today post highlight tapes and photos recruithighschool.com
How long have you had your dog?
What's with the #roadblock in #Hollywood? Anyone know?
That was a crazy play!
Mosley needs to retire
Celebrating my anniversary early with an escapade to Wild Horse Pass in Arizona.
hahahah that's so cute!!!
I don't think it's fair to have me work on the 3rd floor and not supply a slide...
It's Friday which means John D. is piercing till 10pm!
Great freedom in learning to allow the systems of the world to work for u, rather than fearing the systems & allowing the systems to work u.
Also, major progress on the Denver Zoo's Asian Tropics exhibit. The elephants are going to be oh, so happy.
i used to just laugh at el moe's. aw
If you're going to be two-faced at least make one of them pretty.
Sweet! Every little bit of awareness helps!
Had a really great night last night and then today sucked and I did way too much. why cant anything go right
love every shade brown + shades of my brown hair
Singing class with le'cuz
listening to a French Christmas album from the 1950s, it sounds like a French class Christmas party.
I am now. Man... he was cool as fuck 2 me. No one knew his name either. Fuck you
Looks like it's going to hit the fan!
So tomorrow is poem in your pocket day.... hmm...
Brung in Mother's Day the right way last night
Yep...I couldn't resist posting that and making a caption for it...I'm glad you liked it! :-)
Pull a couple all-nighters and you'll be set!
thank you! remembering our Savior with u today.
nailed it: because state taxes are regressive, federal taxes should be "a way to equalize that."
Losing weight requires daily burning more calories than you consume. This doesn't necessarily mean reducing calories, but burning more.
LMFAO! RT : Spent months training to fight Munoz and now I have to fight a guy who sounds like "PIP" from South Park.
We are starting a store! 1 t-shirt down, lots to go...
Make. Your. Bunnies. Orange.
Dude i really hate bats :O
Dancing on flexiglass on top of lights & electrical will do that RT Madonna danced like a woman afraid of breaking a hip.
FAREWELL GUYS!! THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME HERE ON TWITTER AND TUMBLR.. ITS BEEN AWESOME... GOODBYE!!! =]
[Titus2:13]Let's daily look for the glorious appearing of our Lord ChristJesus + let's tell all of our loved ones we love them, while we can
About to watch President Obama deliver the second State of the Union... R U Watching!!!
Nicki Minaj Surprises Cute "Super Bass" YouTube Girl On Ellen (VIDEO) Summary: Nicki Minaj made this little YouTube starlet 's whole lif
I know they're called shorts, but shouldn't they at least cover your butt cheeks?
Shockingly busy in this waiting room at 7:13 am- hoping, but not optimistic that this appointment will be prompt.
I just put the seat back and sleep
Awful news about Shadid. He was so young and talented.
Thanks for calling in to
glad to know you are brunching enough for all of us! Save some brunch for me, I'm going to be hungry in September.
Weed man coming with a half a zip 30 minutes in the trap is a half a brick Always hustle to get it I never ask for shit
Mentally bored at work
Updated saturday forecast: 76 and scatered thunderstorms
going to look at apartments today #excited and hopefully bdubs later!
yo shit nasty my shit home made cook..when yu get it like that talk to me lol
Brings lots of nice surprises but tweets can also be misinterpreted.
thanks for coming out Canada, at least you still have maple syrup
you don't be joining my xbox live parties trader
I just laughed.. for 4 minutes.. non stop. (:
I'll be up this weekend actually! and the following too for Christmas. Let me know if you are free. I'd love to catch up!!!
Samba - Little Brazil at the Ramp San Francisco Fri, November 5, 5:30pm
Today's my off day. :)
Remote Conductor is currently featured in the New and Noteworthy section (Top Overall) on the iPad App Store for all major markets!
Let the games begin.
Another beautiful day here at the lake! Did you know that MarineMax carries more Pre-Owned and Brokered boats than anyone else in the U.S.!
Em, you need to talk to Human. He's been holding out on us!
I've been a voting member of Grammy for years, and I can't afford to go to the show, tickets are that expensive. Oh well...
Ya know,ten years ago tonight i met the devil in the pale moonlight...
#TwoThingsIWant me and you
please retweet our last tweet !!! Great deal!!!!
Takes off shoes while driving
RT : Tomorrow from 11-7, we'll need your votes one last time for Milwaukee to host the 2012 Social Media Tourism Symposium!
Goin to the #brewer game tonight Trying to figure out which hat & shirt is the luckiest.
I am pretty sure the morning sickness is gone! YAY
you know, I'll need to be selling mine before I travel before I travel westward, so if you can hold out until July....
Woof Gang Bakery woof pack follow a non-profit helping animals and fighting cruelty. Adopt don't shop for your pet!
The Giant Mechanical Man opens A romance develops between Janice, a woman in her 30's who has yet to learn how to navigate adulthood, and
Not that I recall but that pain in the butt may have been caused by back issues
RT : ...and so begins the best 2 hours of radio of the year. Jon McGlocklin on the Radiothon to...
So much TV to watch tonight - Its very hard to avoid all #thebachelor talk today!
I feel like i'm gonna cry...
Missed the 2nd special performance by du Soleil at #drupa? Follow #xeroxdrupa for details of the next performance
By the way, Gingrich angers me alot more than Santorum...SC GOP voters stink! Thanks for lifting up the most divisive candidate :-(
Clayton talking on about Russell Wilson, and how amazing he's turned out to be. Some of us have known it all along!
I know you won't and I understand what u mean but can u still talk to me? Or not?
What do you get when you cross a stream and a brook? Wet feet. HA-HA Thanks
It's cold, rainy, and the Sox can't win a game! Looking like an early night! :)
Losing your mind, huh? I can relate!
#seattlefashionweek 's trunk show was a blast. hopefully we can make it to the press event on tuesday!
I'm so over conveyor belt sushi. Food should not be conveyed.
: Is anyone else having App World problems after PlayBook update 1.0.5? Several threads today in forum w/ no answer.
"Gabriel Rossman is assistant professor of sociology at the University of California, Los Angeles." Not for long.
The Host or something!
"No one company can do this by itself" -Walt Disney
oh shit! Happy mothers day Chereereereeree
get at me in the morning and I'll hook ya up ;)
Ops. Disregard that last tweet - I sent it to the wrong group!! :)
Yeaah buddy Rollin like Big Shot .
It's a jungle out there
he's right! “: Sun shining in NYC!
the Kentucky Derby winner ' I'll Have Another ' was purchased for $11,000 .... what a friggin bargain ehhh ! WOW !!
Our shit is down right now, So if you need us to promote your site / content, post and we'll repost.
awesome! U deserve it
quote of the day. Comanche leader tells Creek trader that his people "are the most powerful nation on earth."
This girl walking in front of me got a wedgy ctfu
Proceeds also provide free healthcare for uninsured teens.
Awesome!!!! :-) Here's to more connections! Thanks again Guru! Let's spk v v soon! xx
That person's voice who literally sounds like nails on a chalkboard to you.
why the switch?
You must come by and check it out! :)
But if I got with you would feel the same
I need to make that move downtown to get those steakfries! NBS
pick the right hill to die on. Hummer ain't it...
<<Follow my new page>>
the day just got a little brighter :)
Morning everyone! I am still trying to recover from Christmas travel!
"Sorry I was waiting for crack"... Oh RENT
I'm not ignoring you, I'm just waiting for you to talk to me first.
haha the word yacht... It's nothin ;)
heading back to Google Village. Will take some pics w iPhone to tweet #usXsw and let u know any scoop if I get any :)
never underestimate my socks.
So what do the Yankees do with Mo if David Robertson is lights out for the rest of '12?
Keep pushing!
“The Lifetime Fitness Center“ Spurs
Damn I'm already tired
kiss my ass<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
have you showered?
no rush
Damn Heat fans so hurt right now ....
RT We're giving away a HARDENED Edition of #MW2 on Aggregame to celebrate the Resurgence DLC Release - RT to enter!!!
Lora speaks to the 1st yr grad students at the meeting today, this is "already a transformation in the visibility and reach of GSA."
---Thank You!
I want sum damn apple pie on top of
Impossible to get caught up on e-mails. #Family, #writing, #speaking. Maybe 2012 will have more hours?!
Surface Magazine is one of our favorite Mags.
-- good they're at the AA Museum. I'm just here getting some work done.
The reason I talk to myself is because I'm the only one whose answers I accept. ~ George Carlin
Mass. is so cold move your logistics south where it's warm. #jobs Love adidas Adi Says my Kicks get Chicks & it's true \8^)
It's about time! How AMAZING is that place? To. Die. For.
Due to facial swelling from teeth extraction, Sofia might call me Puff Daddy.
Who has an Instagram? Follow me -- janetluvscheese --
Very sweet. Thanks so much! Glad you like it. : )
2 cups of coffee...I am in the zone!
yeah should be nice this weekend. maybe even as soon as saturday!
we just used our 77 kids cards...thanks so much!
RETWEET: Game Night tonight in the UC 2nd floor lounge @ 8PM. See you all there!
Cinnamon toast crunch....
Happy birthday to THE one and only, pride and joy of Wheelersburg, OH
They say loves the key.. Someone change the lock.
The sleep deprivation is catching up to me. My zombie trance is almost as nimble as the sneezing walk of a nine month old.
YES! Finished season 6. Love Winchesters. RT : I heard you started to watched Supernatural. yey =) soo you like it?
is "hello" wrong?
Mobile visitors are more likely to be responding to social media. -
yup I lost a whole bunch of people off my list as well. bizarre ass technologies
This bill will affect every single motorist in San Diego County
Please check out our new Shelter Hope Pet Shop in Janss MarketPlace Mall, Thousand Oaks. The new model for Pet Shops = ADOPT!
all I need in this life of sin is me & my boyfriend
Whoa. You have a lot of followers. I'm jealous. Thanks for the RT! loves you.
At the Oklahoma History Center for a workshop: The Preservation of Archival Materials in Colleges and Universities.
Lunch will be in the lobby (same place as coffee/registration) at noon.
it out.... And I get in ALoT of fights
I'll admit, I'm extremely sad they hinted at Six Napoleons, that was one of my all time favs!
you sleep?!
Who knows what the future holds.. all I can do is stay prayed up!
And the #Flyers fans stopped yapping for a few brief but treasured moments...
We provide therapy for children with-Challenging family structures.
#tbrs not the right video. This is of a night game.
All the statistics in the world can't measure the warmth of a smile. ~Chris Hart
Win Allison would love to serve you during happy hour. 5-9pm. Trivia at 8pm.
Gwen just texted me that they are "Excited to #demo2012." Anyone who is at willing to give me a play by play?
great interview!
hope something comes of it. Be happy to share more info or anything else if u need it.
thank you..(:
Game Recap
A chicken Teriyaki sandwich + a whole bag of sour patch (watermelon) + tons of hw + gotta wake up at 5am = #yikes!
Thanks, man. And "ouch!"
and i like to eat !!!
IF YOU DARE YOU WILL READ "PYTHON' by Carina Nolan Hell slithers Lust simmers in hot Florida thriller
lol good times. I am long over due. Need to get a refill. Please give my love to the family. Love you!!!
lets get 50 likes by tomorrow before tha show!!!
at work, hoping for a good day today... very busy week ahead of me...
Happy Birthday gorgeous, hope its a great one!
Love that its friday! Cheers to the freakin weekend
Also. Go pirates. Fuck you as well if you don't like them.
So that they can have all the money to themselves and still get everything they want from YOU without you asking for or expecting anything
Doing something ambitious with my hair sometime today. Let's hope I can get finish up all of my other business so I can get started.
I finally understand all the Hunger Games buzz
FREE DRINKS TODAY. be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "MAUI" to the bartender and your first drink is free. book 'em dano
aww thank you
going to Sam's. :)
Wish #BadUniverse was longer - would have liked more time on extremophiles & the killer robots
“In youth we learn, in age we understand.” <U+2015> Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach
Whoa Dave you worked for Photojojo?
As if having a commercial aud 2 come back 2 after vacay wasn't awesome enough, I got to 2 audition w/ "Chad" from
Imagine, that you have a giant, inflamed, hemorrhoid about the size of a golf ball, right in the entrance of your asshole
Great game, Tank! One of the most exciting finishes in San Antonio sports history! #TankDown!!!
I always get my way
"for maximum impact no creme!" - gutter punk @ coffee shop in austin texas.
The NY Highline is amazing - hope the City and keep it clean and graffitti free!
I do. I have everything teal and a teal and purple iphone case. Ahh the good ol days!
Happy Mothers Day to All the Light Skinned Niggas out here!
#youwerecooluntil you decided not to read any more books
I am told that the skin reduces men mad. I love to wear it because it's nice.
I love it when someone on our team shows me something new they hacked together...empower and innovation will follow
is there an educational component or is the impulse more marketing related?
Is there anychance i can maybe get a tweet or a rt from my favorite diva
Just read the phrase "get 'er done" in a business article. I was horrified.
"excuse me, I think you dropped something" Did it yesterday. Dupont Circle, adult male, pastry wrapper.
No it's true it really is race day tomorrow. Ha!
Oh, and if you are going or did go to see it, I'd love to hear what you thought of it.
I'm a creep, your a creep, we're all fucking creeps
I wonder if I know anyone who lives within an hours drive of Toronto, ON ... Anyone?
Saidee:Why? Because I can
On the Range program on the golf channel is really good.
Welcome to Old Bellevue! Can't wait to try your twreets!
twitter won't let me follow you. Apparently I'm following to many people. I want to! I want to follow all of my followers!
In Heritage waitin on a cut
Living my life to the fullest <U+E335><U+E335><U+E335><U+E335>
I hate being sick in the summer
This time last week I made those "horrible" cookies/cakes... haha Yum now I can only dream about them! Have a great day
Thanks for the RT!
depends on perspective ;-)
Break my sisters heart I'm finna rip out ur heart u aint worth anything u are a peasent and she is queen bow down before u are
Happy Hour with live music from Bad Katz Blues and Free Taco Bar Specials DRESS TO IMPRESS ! No Cover Before 10!!!
Performing Improv at The PIT tonight at 7pm. Come and witness the magic of acting with no script ;)
Yes! Visitors learn from museums via s.m., but museums should be learning as much/more from audiences
Or they never connected with the person who they were seeing in the first place...sad but true.
The vow.
what a great pic of you guys!
yeah :D
“It could have been the Jinn. Consider the possibility that the Jinn knew who or what you are to them even when you were a child."
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "This is so addictive and fun" by Selena
I gotta tell the World about it !
If you're interested in fantasy football check out www.orpster.com. It's a stock market of NFL players.
Don't forget to follow me back :-) And I'm glad to +K you in acting...
Reason #985 why living in NOLA is awesome: Free concert w/ Avett Brothers & Dr John tomorrow in the Quarter, thanks to Final Four events
Proofreading calls for dark chocolate.
REMEMBER GUYS: Always cherish, love, be kind, be honest & truthful to your wife or girlfriend. I didn't and spent the last 30 years alone.
Report: St. John’s assistant Mike Dunlap to interview with Charlotte
So selfless of you, thank you! I'm a good swimmer, though.
Can't wait for your show this week in Pitt I haven't seen you since Can't wait to rage!!
Nice day to come back. Pity its Internationals next week though.
Anquan #Boldin will be taking over #football camp this year. July 6-9, 2011 at McDaniel College. For information follow
It was very hard for me...Degrassi is what I look forward to every week
Should I be insulted I wasn't asked to participate in the Kennedy Center Honors tribute to Meryl Streep? Also, can someone DVR it for me??
awesome! Love the account diversification with ! Will follow them more closely for sure. And collab?
Met with , the newly promoted Artistic Assoc., to discuss 2012 #apufringe proposals.
Superbowl watching location: secured. A 24 hr sports bar in Saigon. Enjoy the game. Go #Steelers!
Tbh in my house its about favortism and its always my sister the favorite :l
1, 2, Freddy coming for you!
Some people wanna fill the world with silly love songs. What's wrong with that?
Has a baby face ^.^
Pour one for the homie! Lol
Especially when I'm working on covering Worlds, like I am right now. So much easier to flip tabs between my notes.
& i thought this movie could get any worse...
Alf is tired of Willie's brother hanging around, plans to runaway by hitchhiking Claudette Colbert style.
Agent of the year: whomever is representing the punter. Only drawback is that no one knows where to start on contract negotiation.
Hehe thanks to the translater on my MacBook, I know EXACTLY what you said! :)
"she thought not like the movies was about a condom"
Hate wha im turning into
Getting ready for Bacon, Best friends, and maybe even a few beers ! with
Can't wait to hear it!!!! I know it'll be amazing!<3 xx
RT If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail! Kurt Cobain
jamming to old school
Preach it!!!! We build on their strengths, teach to their needs & celebrate our learning communities!
Just learned that microwaving a corn tortilla turns it into a cracker!
OH NO! RUN. RT : This man REEKS of bullshit & its making me want to puke.
epic idea. DM me to chat.
jealous ! haha i still have to see luke bryan sing haha i keep getting caught up with
who says i dont already? I'm actually not even in law school; im a professional #starbucks tweeter
Q: Why do liberals travel in threes? A: One to read, one to write and the other one to keep an eye on both intellectuals.
#ReasonsWhyIHateSchool There is no subject about ~Sara<3
thank you! I appreciate that!! <U+E056>
What options do we have for switching to a cleaner and more efficient energy future?
Dirks always finds a way.
#tired af...but i cant sleep. I seem to be having this problem a lot
Time to say bye! Need to watch Pure Love.. :).
Is there a link to Masch's presentation from yesterday's SRC meeting?
shout out to my new followers
Show your #CLE pride! WEAR it! Check out www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com updated photos give you a better look at our tees!
Ok I had the weirdest dream 0.o
is his last name baker?
Of course, I probably don't watch nearly as many action movies as you guys do.
so excited for wwhl! I missed you!
let me know when you get 200 so I can unfollow you and put you back at 199 ;)
Tina made the drinks ALOT strong so this chick is going to bed-oh hopefully around 7. Hope your day is GREAT!!!!!
Does that mean people who write about "influential people under 30" were not
Will, Y U NO shove a bee hive up your ass?
Me, too! RT #IWannaSlap whoever started #OnlyFatPeople TT, may be we should build people up instead of breaking them down.
only follows one fan a week, I'm saying he should follow 5, because it's gonna take him 4ever to follow us :/
I'm in love with this weather!
lol naw bitch ya ass a fool :)...
The Cult of Cartman!
Boondocks til i k.o
Yup. Snark is cheap, and snark cheapens.
Closing at Bar Louie 3rd night out of 4 in a row, need my people to get here and buy some cocktails, Milwaukee, where ya at?
: Twitter. You'd be surprised how much I've learned about the book publishing industry just through my Twitter feed alone.
please have her send me an email.
im serious, do u not remember 2007
Thanks for the tweet about our presentation.
So much energy & excitement!!! RT My, my, my, these #topblogueras are on fire!! Way to go, girls!!
Can't go wrong waking up to Steve Winwood.
#nxnw #sxsw Here at weirdos for some live music.
Tonight the boys gone wild))))
I agree. I loved Bad News so much I went right into Some Hope... but I think I'll shove another book between them now.
thanks- I think is a very happy and non-annoyed tweeter today <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
Well said Rebecca! :)
Hey Cynaca what's up?
Ohai, my names Jamie. And according to where you are I'm elsewhere. This goes perfect with the babies were gonna have.
The wheels are coming off. What the........
Holy Moly there is a Brewers game everyday this week! Come show your love and enjoy $2 hot dogs, $3 cans of Damsel and Louie's
I love how tweets his fans saying thanks for gifts they sent. He's so sweet! :)<3
was interviewed by today, be sure to tune in next Tuesday to learn about Bread is the Devil
aww yea cause i can't afford school in cali =/
I searched my name and nothing came up :(
Will there be a live stream at #swaar?
Thanks, Arthur :) Hope to see you there!
You are my heaven. Anywhere on earth with you is where I want to be.
It's an interesting measure of someone- how long they'll deride an innovation before engaging and assessing for themselves. Me too, 'course.
looks like a brunette Barbie doll :)
Looking at tickets for when comes to visit!
Which foods jump-start your day? Apples contain quercetin, which boosts performance and energy levels.
crap. getting dressed and i realized my favorite socks are getting worn out. grrr...but they are so soft now
girl, get out of the wash machine!
At least I know is watching #TheBachelorette too and I'm not the only one..
RT Hear hear also need to educate PMDs to check men for breast lumps, not just women. Men need to be aware
Sex in the shower :)
so many people I know are in/going to Hawaii right now! I'm jealous :/
Good Morning!
Seven days til America!
If your just staring at your walls #Brian&Robert Then this one is for you
it will be fun to meet you!
I hope you all have a very lovely feast today. Mine won't start until after midnight lol !!!! So fill your bellies my mortal friends.
The adventures with tyler and cori jo.
Give it to God EVERY DAY!!
Trains new album is the only thing keeping me sane
Vincent IT developing eBook for iOS for an U.K based client and won project to develop appliaction for all mobile platfroms to stream elea…
I miss your stories! ;)
Not MOA! :) Try EP, everytime I'm there, it's tolerable- Good luck and Happy Holidays!
You are just fantastic !!!!!!!!! i love you
#sdmayornp Dumanis lists some foundations and philanthropy creating solutions we need because we don't have the $
Just when you thought Baylor's uniforms couldn't get any worse ...
#Indians get one on the board in the bottom of the 4th. #Angels lead 2-1
Bring Sally up. And bring Sally down. Lift and squat gotta tear the ground.
Ok Fort Myers and everyone @ First Assembly... Be ready... Im on my way!
I have stuff now that I never had before ....that makes me proud of myself *shrugs*
Great work tonight at Boot Camp! I really appreciate how hard you guys work! It really keeps me motivated! Keep working hard!
HALLOWEEN H2O...drives??? WTH! That dude walked everywhere the first 5 Movies! Who taught dat...how to drive? He'd walk like betwn states!
m nice bra and sexy body thank you for sharing honey
Shopping for an iPad 3?? We already have them on order. We WILL take trade-ins on iPad 2 & 1's Twitter followers get $25 off any #iPad!
now THERE'S a thought...
Never put off until tomorrow what you can avoid altogether.
i need followers!:( F4F
"Ronin Gray" is credited on IMDb
lol! so true ;)
AWESOME!!! You rock!! I knew you would do it!!
Further information is available by calling Iron Eagle organizers toll free at 1-800-851-6940, or via email .
Hey are you and the kids going up for the Cellcom race or is Aaron just going?
night-amanda
...and im officially late to my last damn lab of the yr! cool! :/
SAVE ME FROM MY MOTHER AND BROTHER... I don't understand them sometimes lol
Fish shrimp snow crabs crawlfish lobster yummy with a bottle of wine I'm ready
Create your personal brand, boil it down, listen to feedback, connect. It's that simple.
to those that need it. No matter what they say in boils down to money and one party fighting the other for all the old reasons.
Talking to this faag(;
Want a complimentary kids pass to TerrorTown2011? Text 'TERROR' to 99000 to get one!
sorry i been so quiet Joel but u didn`t have to unfollow lol hope all is well!cool pic here btw. Is that u on the board?
Maybe you could call in sick & bring it to the crib & get all this.
Something I do not enjoy doing is calling consultants about ridiculous consults because "the attending wants it". Not my style.
#ATLANTA It's going down again this THURS 11/17 Come out to the Karaoke/Spoken Word Open Mic Mash-Up 7pm to 10pm. Be there.
to which article are you referring?
its giving me carpel tunnel! who cares!! :)
yeah and ppl have staring problems -.-
Watching Twitch of the Death Nerve!
wow, great! I love orange soda very much! LED lights: www.lightingever.com
Thank you!
Come suck my dick in the shower, now look at me kiss the dick head bitch!! lol
Teams that are below .500 in the middle of summer are not often seen as in the race.
Again with the no links?
who needs their hands to drive?
You should check out my website @ diablitaroja.webs.com Let me know what you think!
me too , I had my friend come get me haha.
love you too omg, flattered!!!
RT: Everyone in the world, put your guns down RIGHT NOW. Resume killing each other after the vows are read, please.
Photo shoot with Anthony and Angelica right now.Did some outdoor shots&now some in-studio shots. Photos look hot & having an awesome time!
Just hit my head on a tree branch. What a way to start the morning.
yayy!! Tomorrow it will be exactly 1 month and 19 days till' my birthday!!!
Some hoe ass bitches from El Paso lol
And of course she dont answer her phone...smh
In the studio cutting two new Impressions singles
Awesome turnout for Friends and Family Night! 7 people registered for January's Focus Training!! Woo hoo! Bring it on!! :D
It's proof of that old saw: "Write (use) what you know."
I never took the title literally (tho I clearly do need a life), I'm just interested in some of the topics they cover.
Are you loving life in Scotland?
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
its 6:34 and im leaving work! see you soon!
Truly, but with as few automobiles as possible.
CBRE Columbus thanks the readers of #Columbus CEOMagazine for voting CBRE the #1 Commercial Real Estate Brokerage in Central Ohio!
He's a good egg.
Nope. Glass bowl, metal spoon, whole deal. I'm so punk rock.
. problem I have with TED is that it seems to prize genius without considering structures and power that bound it
Your voice students might enjoy learning to play the piano, too (it's a fun & easy method!) www.YouCanTeachPiano.com
come <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8> you know you need to bf
Woo hooo! Congratulations! We #spacetweeps are all cheering with yout!
Thank u New back rocks. Thnx 2 & 4 recommending this bag to me.
No official hashtag for this one, but feel free to use
Really ?! "Maybe he knows something we don't"?! Yeah, that
Haha! I think you need to aim higher. I'm ZList right now. RT : I'm not famous yet because has yet to discover me.
home sweet home DC.
TOMORROW NIGHT, 8PM an ALL NEW EPISODE of #TOUGHLOVE New Orleans!!! "Can you laugh at yourself?" ***special day and time*** !!!!
RT : Morning lovelies, have a blessed and relaxing Sunday. Look for more pics of at the black expo later. :)
Most guys want to fuck as many different women as possible. Not me. The idea of that many women knowing how poor my performance is scares me
Stubborn - too stubborn though I know it ain't good.
Unruly ambition is deaf, not only to the advice of friends, but to the counsels and monitions of reason itself. - Sir Roger L'Estrange
Thank you RT : following!
Kindergarten registration. Class of 2025. Is this really happening?!
Lol Aaron! May you be successful in fundraising!
#WhenAustin see's a hate comment on ustream and just smiles and ignores it because his Mahomies overcome his haters.
Verlander charged with all four runs in #Tigers game. ALMOST the best two game start of season I've ever seen by Tigers starter BUT. . . .
Where The Boys At is my new favorite song !!!! : )
Jimmy the greeks, unorginized, but peerrty sweet
I sure hope so. Can't wait to watch. What do you think?
My tweet is only motivational if your motives are to become an asshole
MN Friends... please help #findtodd If you see this car please call authorities Red Passat Minnesota plates 545 BLM please RT this
Todays cask at is Two-Hearted. Cask tapped at 4pm. New food truck from Anchor Fish & Chips will be there too.
I hate big Ben.
that would be awesome. I wanted to go do the railbird thing this year but we moved to Houston so that's a little difficult lol
That's the word, anyway RT : "Grease" is a video game now? WTF?
Cause I moved in with my man :-)
Here at work, pondering the day
What are you guys hearing on Mark Lyons?? Would be the missing piece
I just twetted I'm starving and I haven't ate in forever!
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take.
Make sure to pick up a fresh copy of UWeekly tomorrow for your chance to win a FREE tan from Savage Tan!
Bob Odenkirk in is perhaps the greatest casting decision of all time #bettercallsaul!
Oh, it was more of a rhetorical question. I know all of that. But never thought any of it should have meant death to MNSpeak.
that girl is gorgeous
I knew that poem was about me!!!!
I just added like 40 people on fb. Almost to 300. Muaha.
call me a noble gas, cos i'm buzzing just like NEON, NEON!
Everyone just really wants to get on my nerves today, holy cow.
PUNCH! I've got a beer right here for you though.
ahah but if they do come in, london champagne cocktails in order on the 25th :)
": "Man.. we do this every day of the night.""
Wow this #Cubs team is hard to watch!!
go get some that shit was bomb lol
Mushrooms are used as an adjunctive cancer treatment throughout Asia cause of their ability to counteract the toxic effects of chemotherapy.
ha ha yes it is not as awesome as the Lucy one!
OMG is so ghetto and ridiculous it aint even funny! cant even pay for my phone bill wtf?!?!?!?!!!!!!! calmdown elshaday
The descendants of Sgt. Edward Ratcliff, Co. C 38th USCT, are kind, gracious, wonderful people. It was truly an honor meeting them today!
Look for the ladies with the pink duct tape name tags on Fairmount Ave!
Changing information in my account , ready to tweet more often...
Funny! MT Stolen but funny line - In honor of Obama supporting gay marriage I'm going to kiss a man. How to find Ann Coulter?
mandatory meetings...ugh. Let's make it a great day Milwaukee
I accept these props :)
You cannot be serious. :)
really looking forward to it
Sitting at starbucks waiting for my car to be repaired. Breaks serviced.
thats pretty damn nice of ya! :) thank you
You're too kind Bobby!!
hot ass! (; lol
Let us believe neither half of the good people tell us of ourselves, nor half of the evil they say of others. - J. Petit Senn
You went to the gym? What snacks did they have?
Have a safe and happy 4th of July weekend everyone!
what up
Thanks for the RT of my blog post, Melissa!
thanks for that!
Back from PA trip: Added to my basic food groups: Sarris Candies and Schwartz Pickles. Any eaterie serving Schwartz. I'm there lemme know
Too windy to frolf? Possibly.
We are now full tonight. 2 couples are on a wine tour with Martin's Gorge Tours another is hiking Wahclella Falls. What are you doing?
Very powerful adult forum at LCN about praying prayers of lament- in crying out to the Lord, it's OK to be angry, frustrated, unhappy.
Thanks for all of the RTs.
It's #GAFriday. Yeah!!!
Everybody Wanna Be A Rapper..
do I sense sarcasm or the tone of a true journalist?
How have you contributed a HANDful of Love to someone in your life this week?
YES BECAUSE I WANT PEOPLE TO GUESS MY BEER
CAPONES JANUARY 14TH!!!! HOMETOWN JOHNSON CITY SHOW!!!! HOPE TO SEE YOU THERE! :)
Kevin Na is a great guy. Love to see Kuchar win this.
Have you heard? Tomorrow is the big day! Watch our NEW SHOW "My Big Fat Failure" 9pm, EST on
Congrats to , who will be directing our Health Policy fellowship starting in April!
The best night evahhhhhh
Any tips for our marathoners for the last 3 weeks before the race?
staples for what??
HAIL yes!! Look who's got some weather, San Diego!
Enjoy the session & let us know your thoughts! MT Friday at #NCORE2011. Can't wait to hear Dr. Bensimon this afternoon.
The first single by is heading to AC radio very soon. The question is.....Are you ready?
I SEE U SAY U GONNA CHANGE THE WORLD BUT U HAVNT CHANGED MINE AND THATS PROBS BECAUSE U DONT REPLY TO PEEPS UNLESS A BODY PART
#Hester... Lights out
RT : For those in the trenches of educating young minds, I thank you for patience, understanding & the ability to shape lives!
he wasn't at school yesterday! :( made me sad :P
Hey Dominique Browning--did you fall and crack your tailbone? What happened next?
good how bout urself
Be honest...Do you tweet for business or pleasure?
First Amendment prohibits use of Do Not Call Registry for election campaign calls
lol she liked the mystery alot but left the room during the rape and revenge scene lol
FIRST COMMERCIAL IS AT 4:53 central ON 97.9 TODAY!!!!! TUNE IN!!!!!
I am excited comic book conventions are coming up this spring! I have not been to one for year.
If only :(
Loved chatting with you today. Thank you!
Its a difference from being in love & being stupid . Obviously I'm neither .
I know I know
happy birthday kid ...
2 games today and another booked for sunday :)
THANKS TAYARI for helping spread the word!
Bank of America bad-loan provisions at 2007 level
In addition to food & wine, we have fashion: is at our Food Truck Extravaganza, 1735 Hancock St.
Diva is eating a sandwich, i am finishing my coffee, will get dressed and get going to the food store for picnic items and then the lake :-)
What is rule #6 of the 10 Crack Commandments?
It sure was!
HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!!! Join us for lunch and scarf down one of our delicious reubens, even if you aren't Irish...we won't tell ;)
is my fav comedian cuz of how many times I have to remind myself while watchin him that they r just jokes. #he'sjustacomedianppl!
aww thanks girl! Miss you! & yes, she is AMAZING (:
They're messing with you RT clicked on the gamecast for BOS & KC and this was all it said Francoeur walked
F*ck...some girl totally stomped and then stood on my feet while trying to maneuver her way past me into a seat....wtf
A hard pill to swallow...educating patients not to expose their skin to sun but believing we need up to 1,000 IU of D daily.
2-0 baker down with 25 minutes to go
your my role model
i really wanna start playing manhunt again...
Before you go, Could you love me just a little bit more, 1 more time.
Out-of-towners looking to book tour dates in Okc? check www.mybandsnextstep.com and click on 'tour requests'. Well be happy to help you out!
Thanks to everyone for your support!
We sure missed you at the event, but Robby still made you a part of it! (I'm in the lower right corner of the pic!) :)
met the ultra talented at work today. best of luck to you and continued success!
Oil spewing into the gulf of mexico... when will we learn?
We received our award notice from the CDC for a big HIV Prevention grant. Huzzah!
we welcome you all thanks for the support and visit our website for more details on our artist Meech Dogg...
40?!?! Welcome to the club darling. Xox
Ridiculous leg workout. Can hardly walk. Getting better though.
u shoulda made your twitter name chickenHEAD
Just touched up my green eyeline
im happy with how things are going on
Abracadabra boom shaka day.!;D
of course it is!:-)
working on multiple projects and still filling out job applications. Today looks like it will be very long.
OH: "You had sex in my room?! Yes, and you can too.."
yippee thanks!!!
just need to get back to oakland, that's it & all
Can't wait to get my Shiv on tonight!
I'm on vacation
Thank you for the mentions
ok I wont to hear that new song y'all made
haha, I saw that yesterday, I can't do that and I'm 30, she was amazing
I almost left the house with a bottle of Jim Beam in my purse. Good job, self.
Merry Christmas to all!
Bus made a wrong turn and went past Very bittersweet moment.
Never say you cannot afford something.That is a poor man's attitude. Ask HOW to afford it. ~ Robert Kiyosaki
my brother is a member! But he doesn't proselytize.
Tonight at 9pm on MPTV 10, a glimpse into the new life of England’s William and Kate, and what promises their future together hold.
Congrats! Feeling overwhelmed and busy is usually awful, but it's a blessing for us actin' folk ;)
Let me stop being honest all the time
How can James be MVP of the league & he not even MVP of his team
#nowplaying This Part Of Town by Widespread Panic. Wish Mikey was singin it though..... Lingering lead the king of noodling lives on 4ever!
in all fairness, somebody left their golf clubs in your toilet and left you no choice
The Silk Tie likes Bobi! We pride ourselves on selling ties :) Want to look slick as ice?
The thriller in vanilla
Going home today...
Girls, I'm coming out soon with a women's hair and cosmetic line that is going to be fabulous! Keep an eye out.
its the fact that I knew how to take this stain out without even thinking about it. Being a theatre kid in high school paid off...
I refuse to play a game where the people running it cheat
's DOOMBAH EP just hit #5 on 's Indie dance charts!! Front PAGE! Thank you all so much.
I always confuse Bruce Vilanch and Judah Friedlander for some reason...
That dance on the ferry was awesome!!!! Soo much fun! <3
Always nice to run into ! Hand delivered issue 100!
Panda Express? I be on dat like fried on rice.
Hey what about me :D
Hey Rick, I'd like to learn more about The Pulse Network and the technologies you offer. Can we setup a time to chat?
lol not at all. Its Just somethin bout yall...
Smoking should be illegal
Virtual high five to
make sure you put the link for those who aren't ;)
I need some news shows to watch. Any suggestions?
We have teamed up with Dundalk location and will be giving away 500 #IamTrayvonMartin hoodies today. Stop by and get yours
lol. I got a dope ass idea but i dont wanna show nobody yet
Awesome. The 2 of u r a gr8 combo. Still out here wishing you would listen and opinionate. Continued success. S
thanks for the shout out! Xoxo
still can never defeat "Somebody left the gate open." which will never be better than "Pay the doctors boy."
": Everyone wants what they can't have. But if you begin to love what you have, you won't need anything else."
My 1k tweet went out to the first giirl who rolls for me.
Sorry for the quite delayed response. Chicago is really nice. I hope eveything is well.
Nice to meet you too!
Learned so much at the Met-Tricks event last night! Thanks to all presenters!
Gotta love the life you live.
Speaking of recycling, do you still give away used wine stoppers? I would love to grab more since I always give them away.
Thanks for all the help! RT : Have an incredible time at ur wedding! Congratulations!
#GoTribe Let's play two.
when is your b-day ... Random question lol
Are you taking MG queries? I'm pitching an Arthurian adventure with a nerdy, science-loving heroine from California.
HA! Gene Simmons can do no wrong at
Had fun with yesterday at the mall (: Btw you ARE going (:
to discuss early liquor store hrs today 11AM w/ special guest Sylvia Brown . Politricks w/
stop what..
what sort of design were you lookin for?
lolwut I've had someone tell me they're gonna stretch my lobes with their dick.
Just saying, if you don't screw people over, you have a much less chance of being screwed over yourself...
not a cupcake maybe just a single candle
Then allow me to buy you a drink sir!
No, it's ni-ni time.
My take away from Superbowl XLVI: Bob Costas is dehydrated... & has been for years.
JUST FOR A FUCKIN MOVIE AND CONCESSIONS! Shit is outrageous!
Professional communities publish fair use guidelines to help the courts know what's accepted in that community
...thinking how hungry I am - "The 15th annual Festival Gourmet Int. is scheduled for Nov. 12 to 22 in Puerto Vallarta/Riviera Nayarit."
You're there physically but not emotionally. But that's gonna change.
My freckles are my friends! Can you say that about your poop?
we should trend that when Trespassing comes out next Tuesday. :)
Between The Sheets #83 - The Girls are Back In Town
Hey , Colts Super Car will b at Chase Near Eastside Legacy Center on Arsenal Technical HS. Grt combo of , #indy tradition!
Help your elder relative maintain their independence by looking for an elderly care agency like #VisitingAngelsSanJose that fits their needs
thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets.
so awesome meeting you today! See you Chicago.
"Sounds like a plan", is a phrase that I hear from my clients more than any other. I take that as a complement.
it was a great game..thanks NINERS..I'm so proud..congrats giants..
@ KENS-TV w/ Cynthia Hamilton of for morning show promo of #BITP2012 Bark in the Park/Perrito Grito
About to get a little under 6 hours of sleep. Still twice as much as I got on Monday and Tuesday night.
no I never took a video of you with him!
#Adele seems to have been with 20 highly serious dudes in 21 yrs. Still love her, but if this all comes from one guy, don't want to be him.
Chocolate Dipped Strawberries are cupid's newest treat here for Valentine's Day...
it's been a hectic morning but it's slowing down now ! So it's good <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Aaron Burr. Burr challenged Hamilton to a duel over his slanders bout the VP. What if politicians still dueled over slander today?
Officially, no. I'm obviously still a huge fan & go to lots of shows, but I've moved on career-wise.
You're coming in to see us today? RT : #YAHTZEE!
"I can accept failure, but I can't accept not trying.” - Michael Jordan
Vintage Matusow blowup?
(or maybe it'll be the other way 'round, where LIS schools in this model would be more selective ... )
Thank you so much!!!
Thank you to all that came out last night !! SXSW is gonna be a blast!
Every time you open your mouth the world gets dumber!
Which NEH grant is supporting Shelley-Godwin Archive? (I'm waiting to hear on a Scholarly Editns. proposal.)
absolutely, we will have to bring my buddy , he is much better at mushroom ids than me!
whats up mama, im come out there tonight.
Eric Christensen is doing the sport on ch. 4 tonight. New?
thank you for that. People don't realise the contradictions they give producers.
naps really just make you more tired.
Yeah I'm in Florida with my cousin we just came back in. About to head out again.
Kobe beef burgers with truffle oil and blue cheese with sharp white cheddar on top YUM
btw guess wht song i heard on the radio last night
Grabbing shoes and my keys! : Starting decent into Hobby...
FOOLED YOU!!! Tartar Control didn't break up! We're still SUPER PALS!!! As a matter of fact, we're practically siamese triplets!
lololololol I just laughed my ass off at that
Today is a good time to get in. Next 2 days will be filled with back to school cuts. Good luck to all of the back to schoolers out there!
Cellar Door
Thank you. It's good to know we have wise, encouraging friends when things get tough.
:D hells yea.
This has been the longest 20 mins of my life. C'mon United!!!!
thnx! I appreciate the love! Yeah, what size you need and I'll let you know what I have left
Enjoying #salmon, Albacore tuna, & cod gives you omega-3 fatty acids, beneficial for healthy vision
keeps you in shape
Just Made this Twitter about 4 Hours ago? ;D
Here is a joke of the eve! Cameron white has scored 8 runs in his last 3 innings and still batting at No.3. In that way virat is way far gud
Very cool.
Wow! How long is the healing process? Still in the desert?
Racism is dandy, but meth is candy! - motto of Broken Arrow residents opposed to Kialegee's casino.
if it doesn't drop here soon I will go. Problem is my son is getting his adnoids out tomorrow and I gotta be there
Bob Marley on this beautiful day. The life b. the life.
TRUE LOVE Means:To FEEL someone in every HEARTBEAT, To FIND someone in every THOUGHT, To SEE someone with CLOSED EYES
Throat is raw from cheering on the Pack at the Georgia Dome but it was worth it! #GoPackGo !!!!!
This is awesome
Nice move by San Francisco getting a 3rd round pick next year
Happy Birthday to my brother from my other mother ----> ...festivities ? <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Your personality is about as interesting as a scrap of cardboard
lol. Actually it's what yu haven't been doing which is hitting me up!.. Explain yourself!.. Lol.
I don't get NBA TV but following (Bulls) and (76ers) has been as great as watching the game.
We don't want people to forget to share what they thought of a place after checking in. The 3 E's: Easy, Engaging & Entertaining!
dm your address
Went to #Sleep wit #Money on My #Mind & Woke up with the Same! #BiggestShow Of My #Life 2Nite #ThankTheMan First , #TheMissDelta,
Ha! Sweet. FYI, avg attendance last year; 119
I like that. Makes the idea of running my business from an Air a little more realistic too perhaps.
Hey : good question. NFL sponsors like Verizon helped us with a text/tweet campaign in #SBVillage.Was on big screens.
Kevin wants one! RT :
back at school?
Morning folks....
Preparing for the porc hangover
Not appreciating this morning's snow.
Forgive your self & then expect for them to forgive you.
This week I'm still reading North and South by Elizabeth Gaskell, and I'm starting The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins =)!
Sleep can wait. There's an NHL playoff game on right now.
tHANKS FOR THE ADD. FOLLOW THE SQUAD
I'm sure you can find some way to pay her back ;)
I'm a reader in Cincinnati. :)
Immersed in job-hunting but managed to edit a v. touching memoir project & get my new laptop wired, loaded, & running. I heart friends/fam.
Is it FB official yet?
I take it State won?
RT : Hurt is often Relief.
OMGsh that sucker still hasn't arrived?? I would write a strongly worded letter to someone! You have clothes to buy! Xo
thanks very much Robert!
it's something dark... not really sure, but it looks nice. Hopefully she sounds good too.
Hard fought game, but #Bills come up short. 27-24 Giants.
thought it was suppose to b the olld book smell???
People piss me off, all I did was ask if you wanted to fight and your ass pussied out. Wth!
Parents tell their kids that they can be anything they want to be. However if they be what God wants them to be they will be more successful
ohok I'm in florida
seems to be a common thread here eh
I love this picture.
Given up everything for this music, because at the end of the day its not just music. I call it making a way for my survival...
Don't go to the site that was on my DM if you got one Again I didn't send it!!! I think it is a virus!!!!
Eating Subway:p
S/o to my bro im listenin to south dallas swag on PANDORA
I like this idea, Megan. Each day send out an artist quote or two sentence factoid to followers of your museum
I have been overkilling the ellipses tonight. Sorry twitter.
I am now just seeing this. This really shows how much I've been checking my Twitter lately. Thanks!
Why can't my mom be on time for anything?!
Lost in dicks..WHERE ARE YOU MOM
Hope that Genny Light hit the spot yesterday. Great shirt!
tell them your eyebrows almost got scorched off from their dragon breath.
After midnight, make off like a bandit with 50% off grab and go from the day! Come raid our pantry!
No its not. And if he did get paint. Still not. Just paint.
chicken butt lolol
Bob Balfanz on chronic absence: This is like bacteria in a hospital – it creates havoc, and until we recognize it, we can’t act against it.
thank you :)
Another beautiful day to get after it. Getting better everyday. Let's get it
Stupid ass teacher !
#Jesus #quote Romans6:12 Sin must no longer rule in your mortal bodies, so that you obey the desires of your natural self.
Hey FAC Heads, come on in! It's a beautiful Sunday! Donate for three pre-rolls, receive one on us!
A refreshing bike ride.Cute baby rabbit. Brief Twitter/FB break.Hot Earl Grey w/ cream & sugar.Now, an awakening eucalyptus bath soak. Yes!
My air conditioning better get fixed bc I am dying didn't even sleep...don't mess with me today
Just finished "Rework" by Jason Fried & David Heinemeier Hansson, founders of 37 Signals. Great book!!
Maybe they celebrate Halloween all year long :)
In other words, I'm sitting next to a new lifelong Caps fan.
When there are three or four decision-making parties, announcing a deal between just two of them doesn't really mean much.
Thanks - just wanted to check. We submitted a ticket via email.
I English with listening to a foregin guy! :D
Happy National Pie Day!
Well...if I am boozing away I can't promise I won't try to peer pressure you :)
Question is what happens if the government creates a monopoly using eminent domain and gives it to a private party?
So tired tonight...
Heading to Mangos to play in a few hours
DOWN. I know some people in cincy we could crash with.
I cant believe how big Austin's career is getting:( He better not forget the fans he had b4 he got big<3 We Love U!
I kick myself for not taking a picture of this today but I saw Green Lantern, Robin and Supergirl cosplay at Free Comic Book day.
dedicated call back service for someone on satellite phone service that will allow them to save $100/month inbound call fee
me and homework are in a fight.
From the UCA Archives: The President's Home - Log Cabin Democrat
found a live performance in a classroom. Not as smooth but still awesome. Also found a video of all the sing-off performances. Wow
Wondering if anyone would be interested in sponsoring $589 for a subscription for my company. I'd love you forever :)
<U+2665> .i.love.chris.collins. <U+2665> and its his birthday in 4 days :] happy early birthday <3 ~tia
TIP WELL OR ELSE
haha me too!!
Thanks for the follow. :)
Drew, would you keep trotting Matusz out there or let him spend 2012 in Norfolk?
Have a good year everybody !
I did. Thank u! I look forward to reading your blog and ur tweets. Make it a bountiful week!
At the time I think he was commenting on Sinatra's attitude to media relations, especially the tabloid press.
Thanks! :-) I'm working on the lyrics tonight, so we'll see how it goes. Hope you're having a great evening!
im not sure cause my mom might get me tickets to see austin in new york
I'm pretty sure i am gonna fail finite considering I haven't been to class.....ever.
If you are interested, I could move some things around and do 11/3 or 11/17
Oh, wait! Never mind re:Strange Daze request. Just noticed the tweet about Rev It Up. Can't wait to get my hands on the mini mag!
oh dear...
if i ever meet he's getting the biggest high five i've ever given anybody.
It's #WebWiseWed! This week we are discussing #cyberbullying-- how can we help fight against it? What can we teach our children?
Follow me 2, i follow back (:
Whatever I just ate did not agree with me, I think I might barf
Putting two random words together will sometimes make you laugh really hard. Vaginal belch. Ass rag. Butt munch. Dick fart. Uncle fucker.
I'm happy the Mavs won!! James who!
hey rachel! we tried to DM you back but you'll have to follow us first. (damn Twitter rules!)
Came home for lunch and purposely made some toast and burnt it on the dark side.
smh thats why I mean to you.
PPF, w/ #opengov colleagues #pmo2012, hopes future #opengovdata allows our apps to continue evolution from transparency to civic engagement.
What Haiti does need: A Trump Tower..lol!!
Yeah, been staying away from caffeine. Surprisingly don't miss it. Went out for breakfast and didn't want only water though.
Really liking 's new profile page redesign
Respect the A's. We Real #BayBosses Fuck wit the A's I will take you out for a bag of peanuts
please please PLEASE! You wont regret it!
is ratchet.
Hey stubby, sit down... again
Boy you a sight to see kinda something like me ;)
Hate that my flight was right during a game 7
hey you!! Nice running into you the other day. <3
yea..that's wat i thought..Cause i doubt you cared about how "hooking up can be easy peasy"...haha
SHUT UP RY. RT : OT anyone? *ducks* HEY! Who threw that?
Happy Friday ladies! Keep building
Ahww it's adorable that is quoting Say Something! #CrewLove right thur
Just finish watching the #thehungergames it was freaking awesome....
Very cool being in the same room as you last night and supporting a great cause in
Hilarious! I can't believe Audrey's old enough to be starting Kindergarten! Holy Hannah, we're old.
do you want to go out?? I had to get the guts to do it, but I am NOT afraid of this answer, I love you
Not feeling well today... And the lack of energy is not helping...
Good morning everyone have a great Tuesday!
I'm sure I'm not the only one who thinks MaryMary's mgr is annoying? Wether He is saved or not doesn't matter. Anyhow who was their mgr B4?
Not yet. I will. Won't get anywhere but worth at least trying.
Getting ready for Thanksgiving? Tell us about your favorite holiday dish.
I'm done wandering around my apartment. Give me something fun to do.
12th district damage assessment. Trees down Howard, Central, 26th, Federal, Barclay. Be careful!
Barbara Colorose~ If you cant solve it its not a problem--its reality.
Excited to receive a shipment of breads from Erick Schat's Bakery this week. Fond childhood memories enjoying their famous cheeze bread.
#suspendweber simple as that
Texas! Temporarily..
who in your family is a polish? :)
should use that with your bio for all project pitches
Dear men, we dont want to see your manties (man panties)... Please, pull up your pants and buy a belt.
See Broncos played Pats pretty close in regular season in Denver.
complete for spring, thank you everyone!
Guys follow she's super sweet!!!
He also said J'covan's freethrows to cut it to ten w ten secs to play were "big". Thought I was losing it.
ATTENTION PLEDGES(and members who were in attendance): New pictures are up from today's meeting! Go tag yourselves!
salute to keepin it real yet still doin his thing
he then spoke very sternly against Romney. Basically he said, don't get it twisted.
Ever since I met you , it hasnt been the same, all you've got me doing is drawing hearts around your name <U+2665>
When Jersey Shore meets #bratfest: Brat-a bing, brat-a-boom.
wouldnt use the app with u just students
3. you ignoRE me always like srsly I promised you warheads.
I broke my kindle's digitizer. Then I punched the wall and ended up denting it.
Last night in the US. Will miss everyone.
Ours weren't auto locking ~1989 in Guam but the 4x4 was awesome. New guys got to go out and lock the hubs in the mud
welcome girl u gettin on too?? -anna
But Im Ready To Go Home Tho
Great connecting with you today, T.J.!
Politicians and mistresses ... how can anyone ever act surprised?
hey James nice performance, gonna vote for u, for sure !!!!!!!!
ohh my gosh picture pleasee :D
Well deserved Editing Girl With Dragon Tattoo
Its been way to long since I've been at my yia and ninos house therez only way way to do it right kings cups with the fam... Yeeeee
I did but I didn't get to do what I planned
Step 1: doctor. Step 2: new shoes. Step 3: Portland Marathon.
he's posting pics from his bike crash last year. Can't imagine how tough it was for both of you
Need a cuddle buddy..
How 'bout dem Cards?! This is more like it!!
such a Negative Nancy your last two tweets!
Battle bedroom boredom - with playful new approaches to sex.
WiFi available for #SFIMA Summit - Select "Guest" network
Its hard for me to get out of bed :(
Yesterday I ran for the first time in a few months. Today I found those muscles that I lost.
I guess I won't mention the very messy "live" cross to Katie Couric either...
I am no longer using Instagram
Hahaha! I think I just 'soiled' myself.
#GoHome Stop fronting. I already know you can't hang.
I was wondering what the fuck they was saying too but opps..."this user does not exist".
Yeah bitch u better not have a crush on them. U can call them cute tho cuz thats true (;
One week from today!!
Omg i cant believe he just did that!!!
That shit is ridiculous lol RT“: When people put pictures of their own selves "sleeping" .... Lol #WhatAreYouDoing”
ISLE rocked today. I was invigorated by all the conversations. Thanks so much for hosting!
Hey! I was going to text you about the concert, but I won't have my phone for a few days...its broken. So can you DM me your email?
ah. Droid here.
You forgot about Jeff Fisher.
Thanks for the follow ! Let us know if we can ever help with finding volunteers!
iPhone v.1.9 coming out today.....Android v.0.98 still in beta. Let me know if you want to test!
watching ninja warrior and i just realized japanese girls scream for everything and its annoying me
omg how much more lame can our school get?
I just want you that's it. All your flaws, mistakes, smiles, giggles, jokes, sarcasm. Everything. I just want you.
Show tomorrow night at triumph brewing company. 2nd and Chestnut. It's a stoplight party!
would you rather eat frog legs or drink beatle juice?(:
Today might be Friday the 13th, but it'll be your lucky day if you write for even just a little bit.
lol! my mom will watch them on TV with me but she wont come to the concerts xD but shes coming to MSG with me cuz my friends wont
One more hour and my work week is over<U+E415>will for now<U+E40D>
Full & sleepy now
making a video to introduce Hell Yeah Studios...and a few video tips, and some comedy, and I've been left alone in Suzanne Evan's office~
YOU'RE FIRST SINGLE IS COMING OUT?! I can't believe this. I remember watching you on ShootUsDown with Alex. So proud :')
Make the most of yourself, because that's all the self you are going to get, mister
John Kao and Jim Collins at ASTD discuss discipline and innovation on keys to success
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 21
#theworldsgreatestdjs its time we salute the dj.
Want to Volunteer at the games this year?? Spots we have open: Lifeguard: 2 Kitchen: 1 Event Staff: 2 Dining Hall: 23
Go Cubbies! RT The #Cubs are 9-6 in the last 15 games, good for the second-best winning percentage in National League since April 21.
everytime i play attila my little brother punches things and hits his head against the wall O.o i think he's gonna be a mosher (': hahaha
Did you tweet me and then delete it? That is classic Tammy.
Happy Xmas all!
All men are idiots And I married their king.
I disagree. Him being blk was his saving grace, b/c if he were white he would have been fired and not just suspended.
Oh my! Maybe it wasn't.
will you put up a picture ? :)
I don't know if I'll go to another grocery store that is not my regular one again - 15 minutes to find PB is too much! Making Fancy Ramen.
'& if you go carrying pictures of Chairman Mao, you aint gonna make it anywhere, anyhow.'
The 3-yr old heard Matt & Kim on the radio and asked if it was alien music.
My AT world lately: Appropriate #AssistiveTech recs for students seem doomed to fail for parents unless recs include an
Nice work Who doesn't love monkeys?
Intermission! The citizens of Coriolanus remind me of the 99% sometimes. It'd be an interesting staging.
Lovin Saturday so far nothin to do :) lovin it!!! Need to get out the house tho :P
It's CHESTNUT and 18th, folks!
That's amazing. I'm so happy.
Day 2 of being at home sick. I keep having chills, headaches and my body feels like a old man when I move... This is not cool :-(
In need of some sleep
lunar eclipse... YOU KNOW WHERE IT'S AT :)
RT : Gratitude affects your Attitude. Be grateful for what you have now.
feeling really crappy... Blech totally don't want to go to school tonight.
From the 65 questions in the test, I only knew about 3 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>I'm fucked. Lol
Wouldn't it be great if people looked like their personalities? it would make finding good, genuine people a lot easier
Omg!!! Got some letters from admirers #agent office.... I think it was for kiele Sanchez #theGlades lol!!!
tell me about it lol
Rt: theres nothing in the rules that says a mogwai cant play basketball
love you too : )
“: Put #dennisDixon in” word.
What? Thanks for letting me know. Any chance of a link to this imposter. I'm pretty sick of this tbh.
Love you. Hope you and Laura are having a kick ass time at TBS. Miss you both lots and make sure to call when a good jams on.
I just had to clean my bathroom...... EW! The second time I've had to do it ever! Icky :(
get to 400 followers she follows back
..Btw, that was the Spurs last loss, too! 14 straight wins since then, and counting! #GoSpursGo!!
what did everyone think of the #jets upsetting the #steelers yesterday?
right back atcha
That Message When Your Suppose To Send "hahahahahahaha" But Then Get Over Excited Nd Send "hahahahahaaaaahhaahah"
To better the lives of others is one of your life's greatest rewards
is more than Somebody That I Used To Know, but whenever I hear this song
I fear that the place I was put up at on Sunday had bed bugs…I am so paranoid right now! Bedbug Registry is fueling my fear. :(
so much drama at my school. 4 Fights in one week seriously. It sucks especially when 2 of them are your best guys friends.
Dear Carla, ILOVE YOUR FANFIC GIRLIE. WE read each others(: heh. We talk mor than I talk to some of the ICONiacz on here LOL. Love, Tatsiana
Industrious/industrial day: lots of writing, Meat Beat Manifesto, and Wax Trax! Black Box
Perk & Ibaka aren't ready for Bynum & Gasol!! Not if they play like they did tonight.. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Agenda for Social Customer 2011 – June 23-24, 2011 in Chicago is set. Will be a fun event!
Everytime I think about the trying times in my life I hear God telling me it's going to get better! One more time ft
Very cool!!
We're huge fans!
#Pacers better win tonight!!!
I'm pretty good at learning how to do things. Show me or tell me once and I've learned it. I even have enough of a brain to figure out most
The votes have been counted and the results are in to our Brewers' Olympics! *drumroll please*
yeah huge idiot regardless
#3WordsForYou Kiss My Ass.
You alright nigga?
love it!!
Those sapphire earrings! #EarringEnvy RT : Award-Worthy Jewelry, featuring , and MORE!
Final 5 shows, you guys! RT : Tonight: seeing You Are In An Open Field.
Absolutely ! Thanks for sharing the opportunities!
you're a life saver
It's okay...You can "Like" me...I don't bite...not Fatally anyway...Lol!
I need to plan a trip, gotta have something to look forward to!
Good thing you got on then, :)
yea brother! I'm doing well. U?
Introducing students to #MelissaHarrisPerry . Clip I'm using has similar topic to #JaySmooth clip . I wonder if reactions will be the same?
Programming commission error getting worked out. Also credit merchant changed for better rates. Launch moved to the 20th of Dec or sooner.
it sure is . . . I am excited for it to start, I've already watched all of the pre-work videos!!!
so proud of the mayor.
wussup wit it boo
totally cliche but Boston is one of my favorite songs period
c'mon brittany step up your game. Just make a phone call upstairs! Lol
Thanks for the questions. Hopefully we'll do it again soon.
Live blog is done 12 hours + 52 minutes to go. Not gonna lie today's games were rather disappointing, my bracket didn't help.
yes perfect
Geraldo: "You cannot rehabilitate the hoodie."
“: finna spend my night wit my cousin she is so damn gorgeous!” THANKS MY LOVE!! ;)
Just finished dinner now some couch time with my baby :)
The U.S. Department of Justice is reportedly in the early stages of an antitrust inquiry into Apple's digital retail music business.
so effing good......ugh!!
Beyonce = awesome cover-letter writing music.
thanks for the shout out! :) esp. appreciated by a long-time devotee -lisa
Take care of yourself.
It takes a dedicated team to accomplish what I'm tryin to do. Patience is a virtue, but its time to work right now. #2Hungry right now...
T.G.I.F. Who needs a cocktail?
canadians are too polite, can't have a proper argument
Tune in Sunday at 9AM and download the Live 365 app! RT Low key sad I missed #PrettyProgessive I was in class
The first five days after the weekend are always the toughest.
Right. Issue is when you goto conferences with limited plugs it's easier and proper etiquette to use extension to not block ports.
Makin flan de leche for spanish class its a caramel custard anyone know a good recipe ??
cause I think everyone could hear us. (x it's when were silent that makes it suspicious.
aw how come?
just sent you one back
I also hear sword fighting is back in...
are you hinting at something?! hahah
That's. Awesome.
Obama budget would stop subsidized loans to students at 150% of enrollment time. Wonder if that would really help?
Thanks for the follow ! How long until you offend me?
Ouch! RT Will do everything in my power 2 stop from raising taxes on working families, small business ppl & investors
RT if you're still awake!
if u get jammed up, DONT MENTION MY NAME!
My stomach HURTS for laughing so much this morning. It actually feels like Friday!!
Mfs stay on the Heat head... Like they opinion matters. *smacks lips / rolls eyes
you too!!
America's Got Talent <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0090>
hey are we gonna go?
end of June! I'll be in colo springs!
Big THANK YOU to for joining us today. Clark, is a must read...must follow, NFL insider. Hope to chat again soon Clark!
haha, just connected through the marvelous world of twitter :) Greer, I miss you! I'm plotting a Clifftop return...
Cleaning with a bottle of #MarkWest love me some vino
That gotta suck.... And whyt is it?
Dudes that brand themselves online and follow their passion through blogging.
Dorian's in Canada and i'm stuck here studying for finals. What kind of sick joke is this?
2 5's on number 5. Now onto a 235 par 4 into the fan.
we leave for two minutes and you guys start doing the fun stuff
It's be young niggas who make me sick
Rockets won, fun show. Good day sir.
Out of all the tremendous blessings in my life, one of the greatest blessings is YOU.
Beat 15,000,000 then come talk to me.
we just need to fight -.- lol
How come all fine bitches think they model... like foreal thats a talent or is it a excuse to not get an education
I don't regret anything just wished I made wiser decisions
I thinks its safe to flip to wrestling....no way the #RedSox can blow this.....right?
Horrible stomachache!!!
I will!
Savannah & Jared are beating us on cuteness. We have to step up our game, babe.
we're featured in the iTunes newsstand as "New and Noteworthy", and "Staff Pick" in the Apple App Store!
": I wonder if we'll still know each other when we're older" This is the thought thats been on my mind lately.
Sorry. Just needed to let that out.
Join us next week for a free public program. Thurs 1/12, 7 pm - Illustrated Lecture Terry Castle: Inside or Outside? Collecting Outsider Art
": have a safe drive" I will...thx mama!!!
try creating a folder, put the docs in the folder, then share the folder.
And big ups to Association for the EXCELLENT music panel this morning. Glad I made it to this one.
Get quotes for auto motorcycle, ATV, RV, homeowners, renters, condo, mobile, home, flood, boat, umbrella, life, and commercial insurance. !
yayayayayay! You are a lucky man! She is a lucky girl!! Yay!
follow.back
I had a fashion dream! And it starred in a smashing dress!
Praying for Jonah
Great job on your speech at the Fight for Freedom dinner tonight.
do you have gum, by any chance?
the #Orioles bullpen ERA has been Berken'd
2 sub-goals of this VA visit: 1.) Mosberth's Chicken and 2.) Buy the best peanuts on God's grey earth. (and ship some to again)
Just heard that Heartland Institute is funded by Koch to further the "research" on climate change...by research I mean to undermine science.
Real Housewives of Atlanta marathon on Bravo today!
Glad to know you<U+263A>
Liam's on station north soft opening, tomorrow stop on by!
i know you aren't pat. just don't say that to girls, show them instead lol
hi big brother
its looking more like curation than writing nowadays
at the at the same time, you attract what you project..talking about drugs and murder lands you dead or in jail
hey!!! please follow me :)
I don't have a lot of patience for the "willingly stupid." I, too, am better behind the scenes. I make calls/write. Daily.
.okay, I'm finally getting sleepy..
Thanks Rob!
Hey, let us know if you ever have a customer appreciation day! We'd love to help you feed your peeps!
I'll be honest, my greatest achievement today was actually getting out of bed.
I think it's just a membership pitch. Aren't they announcing the lineup on like the 16th or 17th or so?
am looking forward to the 30day bonus!
2 hrs of sleep isn't cuttin it for me at work i stay in a constant daze
The Suns lead the Spurs 88-84 with 8:12 left. The Suns' Steve Nash has 8 points and 7 assists. Shannon Brown leads the Suns with 21 points.
I can't tell if she did it or not
maybe i need to move there?
My #weekendread is My Mother She Killed Me, My Father He Ate Me: Forty New Fairy Tales. And homework! Lots of homework.
So true: life changed for me Thur w/ a fellowship w/ ! RT Remember: life can change in a day. Stay positive!
I dont think that would be any better....
I understand relationships has its bumps in the road but I can't stand when ppl say "relationships are suppose to be hard". -_______-
RT : Im done w/ ALL drama , im letting EVERYTHING that ever happened GO . Life is too short to dislike anybody in my life
when unsure what to listen to I fall back to the Contemporary Singer-Songwriter station on Pandora, always plays something I'll like.
Better picture please
“ Behind every successful woman is HERSELF.”
Easton the 27th with my family <U+E022> After Christmas shopping ! #cantwait (:
Dear cupid, next time hit us both.
Thumbs up, girl!
have you guys heard the new song #The Sound of a Million Memories? Love it!
hey buddy, anytime! Get at me soon we'll drink it up!
Sabbath is the highlight of my week . Thank you #Lord !
JP Morgan Chase has lost 19 Billion dollars in value since Friday ... glad I skipped that stock purchase ... :l
Eek, I'm loving it so far!
is now the longest-running QAM for #kohails. Gets round of applause, which made him blush.
Get Online
i had a glass of cereal...and a bowl of milk...:)) ur turn to do something wierd and unusual..teehee
How about Donkey Hotey from Mr. Rogers?
that's what I think imma get! Ha
lol it's not like I'd do you niggas' laundry. like "WHO THE FUCK BLED ON STAGE LAST NIGHT!?" "EW WHY IS THERE WHITE STUFF"
ill never get tired of saying this.. I FREAKINN LOVE <3
I'll be sure 2 check out those videos. There's not much going on at work right now I could use something 2 pass the time lol
thanks for the mention you made our day :)
I feel like I always have issues with Hopefully this will be the last occasion I have to use it!
NEW VIDEO IN 0 MINUTES!!!:D :D :D
The significance of catching a grenade and bringing me a chocolate covered strawberry are pretty much interchangeable in my mind.
I hope kendall here and look at me I love you
Be a great listener. Take a step back & actually hear what your partner has to stay, & keep your two-cents to yourself.
RT : & I are thrilled; This Friday's #MKElikemind = on SM in Egypt, etc...
Played basketball 2day and ate some ribs
...any (biological &/or adopted) child of mines.
Describe what it's like Hosting your Radio Show during the Week?
Precursor to wedding. Oldschool cocktails with and ali at ranstead room in philly.
Ultimate WarriOrange Juice
Reading materials for our 2011 Summer Institute for Teachers were mailed to three teachers in Poland who are sponsored by the U.S. Embassy.
is a gr8 gym w best rates in the city. $25 off computer repair for card carrying 12th St Gym members!
needs to come back to san antonio texas. They haven't been back since what happenedat boozle, san antonio needs atl love too!
It has to do with how someone feels.
well same here jus thee opposite :)
So, you didn't need that med soon or anything, did you?
Today im off the #ActRight so get yo act right.
Also, animals like to be eaten.
it sounds like it. Based on Bo's response, he just wants a reasonable explanation TO the school..
Reflections on Life by Rev. Sue: Whose kitchen table can you picture?
Have you gotten clean for a good cause today? 5% of all of our sales go to Project Transitions! Come on in!
Just met with the people who run the Diamond Empowerment Fund. Thanks for the bracelet guys
YOU BEST START WAKING UP MISTER!
My ears are still ringing... :(
welcome! Let me know if I can be of assistance in any way.
I'll be there Sunday too
I sent out a call for day O sound through Jim Cummings - it is being posted on the WFAE and ASAE list serves.
no in the car seat is jabril , alaina is in the house pictures
WOW! We've got a lot of new friends over the last few days. If you didn't already know we specialize in greek, organization & event apparel!
Ad spotted on a billboard: "Don't you wish your boiler was hot like me?"
love your music
See? I missed my run today. THAT may just be the root of today's evil!
Happy Mommy Day ladies!
These parallel convos were fun to wake up to.
New strategy for when I have to eat McD big breakfast: mix hash-brown with egg brick.
Happy Easter! Don't forget our Easter bottle hunt going on until tomorrow at noon PST! Good luck.
It's lame compare to the DC ADVENTURE TIME!
thank You Monster.!! <3
Irvin was arrested after his pro day...nuff said...stupid pick
awesome! I love ! :)
true...the director/writer could have gone brighter thou and had same affect and better financial result for film.
Let the countdown begin ... 100 days until Olympic Opening Ceremonies!
Don't u just hate when u skip a good song on accident...dammit pandora
Go I inside more use our big men
how is nickelback still a thing?
Triple Overtime baby!!!! Lets Go Rangers!!
its an awesome day here at girard,thx to youthbuild,sat.environ.academy, vol corps, &lots of neighbors!
I dont dislike any females. Anybody I hate are guys! Fuck them niggas.
facebook marketplace is very slow...
srsly...I know I would too.
gotta spend some money on Overdrive books. NOW! what fun!!
I don't even understand myself, I act without thinking then I regret my decision..i won't make it in life like that
I officially hate oral surgery
Getting ready to go camping!
Note to grads: "I am positive because of YOU and your generation on campus." -FH
Websites do not use #SSL for every request, except #webmail services like gmail, since the extra #computation makes serving more expensive.
mine to i think
No problem.(:
You can tweet Rihanna, but not me? I mean, I mostly understand that. But bitch, I know you.
Finally my little nigga is home >
Welcome! See you in the library! RT Orientation 2011 starts tomorrow! Looking forward to meeting some new transfer students
i'd rather they just shop for me... RT : And they can wash your car while you shop !
kobe dont care what ppl say where as lebron doesnt want 2hear negative things, thats why he vanishes in the last secs of games
Really annoyed with certain people.. Be grateful I'm still here smfh
sweet baby jesus
I would rather discover one scientific fact than become King of Persia.
-_- you mean iron girl! ;)
dang. Hope you're able to convince them to let you keep it in!
NC State - #NCSU Wolfpack is trending all over the world ! This is weird.
dammit faddah...there's stuff in my eyes now! A lot of stuff! Seriously though, thank you. That meant a lot to me :)
yum, thanks!
Air pollution 'kills 13000 a year' says study - Nursing Times
Running at the park :)
I herd there's a world tour you guy's will be doing???? Is it ture… if so… I'm so going!!!!
Yep, and it was the Mother of one of my daughter's friends. Pick up at school tomorrow should be interesting.
No biggie follow back! T : thanks for the follow
Have you ever tried setting aside a day where you spent NO money? It's not as painful as it sounds.
I have a feeling on the last day of school..everyones tweets will be summer...!!!!! great
Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four-hour days - Zig Ziglar
Wow, Duke and Memphis maybe out but at least Missouri, my birth state, is still in it. Who would have guessed March would be like this? B.B.
Excited for my interview today! If you're ever in #jobsearch slump, remember that there are infinite opportunities that pop up unexpectedly.
Girls with boyfriends are the kind I like, I'll steal your honey like I stole your bike
I think one of my favorite things about Thanksgiving is seeing cars with families inside <3 woo family.
Get your resumes in tip top shape TONIGHT at our resume workshop at the campus center rm. 148! Come to impress!
Love you little brother with your old, wise eyes.
My kingdom for a can of Static Guard.
Because they are always pissing an moaning about other people and their invisible friends.
You can never be afraid to fail! Let the entrepreneurial spirit inside each and everyone of us be free. Next acquisition Insha'Allah ?.
Counting down to "Something To Do On A Wednesday Til You Get Really Famous Night" with
please follow me :) thanks! Ning
I think I'm stuck searching for Music artist I could use for my show tonight. There's nothing else to do really. *shrugs*
MT Google’s D.C. head talks female leadership cc
"The room got as quiet as if a needle had been lifted off a record." -- William Lindsay Gresham, NIGHTMARE ALLEY
hey there sunshine, how's ptown? How long are you here?
This time last year, I was building a potato launcher with for AP Physics...Oh the wonders of hairspray and lighter fluid.
nigga basically said he not burning now but he was burning then ol usher as nigga Kera it burn
The Hand of CROM sketchblog is updated. Go check out some ideas floating in my head. www.steveknerem.blogspot.com
"The truth is a virus"
I've noticed that when you dance you always do that one dance move with your fist going up & down. Haha :)
She Want u...but i got u
How to recognize the call? // RT Are you driven or called? There's a vast difference.
Lisa kudrow's The Comeback has got to be one of the funniest shows I've ever seen
The employees at Chili's and Applebee's need to have a death match. The world does not have room for both Shitbag restaurants.
Having the money to afford fashion doesn't mean you have style
Feels weird to be single after 5 years of being taken... sucks that he could end it all so quickly. Seems surreal... time to cowboy up.
any update on the video, how's the green screen working?
Just spent a few hours w/ Noah & some friends sending paint balls down range. Great time. I highly recommend Gorilla Paintball in FL.
Happy Easter! Hope everyone gets stoked out on Jesus and/or Peeps today!
Thanks to Matthew Dwyer for backing Gears!
Unless someone hits me with something absolutely monumental, I won't just copy verbatim.
RT : Hunter Cervenka has some velo but control issues and not much secondaries. Fringy guy, not even related to Exene.
Dinner time is about to begun. Are you ready for the fun and great deal for everyone?
OH If anyone can Tweet from the afterlife it will be Steve Jobs
Omg its getting so low
Mild success with our week one picks... have ya seen the video yet?
Today is the last 2-4-1 Tuesday in August - make your appointment now!
I live for the day the Christmas Pageant can have crustaceans!!
Tara Reid didn't really get married? You wiley party girl you.
If you give me a billion dollars, we can fuck.
2012 film watching #8. Play Time (1967). This film just puts me in a good mood. The blu ray from Criterion is gorgeous!
My coworker almost got my Bible up side her head for trying to hold a convo w me and I was CLEARLY praying.
I'm doing it for the stickers
Got me a summer job!
Picking Ohio to make it to the sweet sixteen >>
#MindBlown RT : ray allen missed a free throw???
#lxml text_content() method grabs the text, ignores nesting
bore day like always on twitter
Lin is the greatest player ever.
Christopher Schäffer, SPHR-CA, CPP, NOVA & Dulles SHRM member, is apptd to SHRM's Total Rewards/Comp &Benefits Special Expertise Panel.
Y u show no love ?
I partially take that back. Would be cool if ONLY the finale was found footage. It would add an immediacy to it.
haha thanks! Quick FYI, your beating be by quad digits in check-ins. I gotta get back in the game!
It's really hard trying to force myself to eat at 5:30-6am before work when I'm just not that hungry this early.
I'm sick to my stomach. 6 seconds. Carlson is soft. How the hell does that happen?
I hear RBNY are going to get him, him coming doesn't excite me at all, rather a old striker/midfielder than old def player
Group of us stay there and play every year in June. Really enjoy it.
I want to do a diaper drive in October or November. I need some help from other groups.
oh. Well.. You know how I am.. I get jealous.
Everybody thinks of changing humanity, and nobody thinks of changing himself ~ Leo Tolstoy.
I miss you to bro
I still support my team...only now I know how you've been feeling all these years staying loyal to a sucky team....
Common Ground – Kansas Climate and Energy Project
I'm the tongue-tied librarian from NOLA.
It's time! Power Rangers Samurai is on RIGHT NOW!!! RT -
they stopped so im good lol
Seriously considering having a garage sale with all the clothes I don't want in my room right now
Sitting by a nice fire on a chilly evening, being mesmerized by the PBS show "National Parks". Feeling blessed, hopeful and ambitious. :-}
If we didnt have a movie date tommorow id think u were lien <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>RT : lol , I <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> you too !
Agreed. #Cuse needs to fire their NCAA compliance guy. But we've still got a great, deep team and we'll have a good run.
I think so. Anecdotally, 80+ does not combine well with falls and breaks. Probably can back that up with research...
Are there people out there who actually enjoy doing work, or is productivity a social construct towards which some are just more inclined?
The e-book announcement is lighting fires under some asses.
and URAA will lead to benefits to (c) owners (I doubt it, and any that come are truly marginal). On the other hand . . .
Yeah, it keeps 'unfollowing' people and my friends keep asking, Did I do something to unfollow me? I've lost pics too :(
FYI: Youngblood has a new mailing address... PO Box 1850 Milwaukee, WI 53201 Now you know where to send the checks. :)
SUMMER PASTURE is a unique love story of Tibetan nomads as their way of life gives way to modern world. On MPTV 36 at 10.
your welcome!
But Jehovah had no respect for Cain or his offering, which enraged Cain, hurting his pride.
which part?
Get to Louis!
But a computer is jus a stupid mechine without any real substance...it really needs ME to b special...
Vegas, oh how I hate you right now
if u looking for late night craving? Visit
I guess that makes friendster the atlantis of social media...
good and chill day even though i missed the car show
you have to go to richmondy events to get a RVA sticker. They will prolly give them out at riverrock ... ???
Video production is a skill of creating a content, carrying out the video editing and finally polishing that video to craft a finished.
Got my printer back from being fixed-(so I was told) and it still won't work right. Now I"ll be at least a week without a printer. Dammit!
come to providence and play DGAF!
thanks Leanne. Will do
So happy with my life. I actually love you. #somuch <3
Ugh these fucking Green Worms Is Getting On My Nerves
#Kforce is hiring a Sr. Java Developer who can produce scalable Java & Scala services from product requirements & designs...
Fiscal.responsibility is 4th priority. Must talk about pension security.
If you're not getting a 'yes' then you're not getting enough no's. Keep smiling.
I C YAL GOING HARD KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
i seriously think zayn might have worn mascara before. pictures of him from ages ago just make it look like he has eyeliner/mascara on.
Coming to NY in May & June. Can I stop by Etsy's office and meet your team? Email andrew [at] simplegeo.com if you wanna set it up
No worries Simon, great sound
Gah He's On To It .
What's the point of a high school reunion? I have Facebook. I already know you got fat.
oh wow, full house! Good for you. Drink a cup for me, wouldja? All out here and my roommate is a... *shudder* TEA DRINKER.
For testing the bodymedia fit you will get to keep it afterwards. Please message me if you want it
I got #OKC winning
hand that boy some kettle bells or a TRX. Ok, maybe just medicine ball throws.
meant "hookers" because they are hanging on hooks, not because of their profession. It's a storage issue.
Rio De Janeiro Stripping Away &#39;Visual Pollution&#39;
Loving the rain :-)
I am tired, but ready for tomorrow!
I can't believe Michael was bumped from the top five by Mason… Mason? Seriously?
I live for myself not yall so what you think really don't matter
Boo allergies
My favorite! RT Did I put the Beastie Boys' "Girls" on 's wedding mix? You're damn right I did.
Georgetown, Louisville, Marquette all beg to differ.
Keep it up, Rich! Pedal power!
Best of luck 2 our volunteers 2day! looking 4 your dream gown, we hope u find ur lucky charm!
waving hello early to everyone @ #blacklitchat. is special guest tonight. Welcome!
thanks for the mention.
Niall: Cute & Irish. Liam: Sexy & Smart. Harry: Hot & Dangerous. Zayn: Quiet & Mysterious. Louis: Funny & Adorable. <TRUE<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Thanks for all the RTs today
You have a remarkable background as a healer. I'm happy to now be connected with you.
don't forget the x factor: luck. It's only .5% of the equation but you can't reach the top without it.
My mom. Said jinxx was hot. Holy fuck.
RT : #Aquarius are known to have high sex drives....
I bet you look great with curls!
It's like a clown car w/ all of the gang crammed in Annie's office. And 4 more ppl still to come. Festive.
my friends can be soo funny!!=)
why no contacts? Oh come on now I'm sure ya look great!! :-)
I cant tell u wats good but I can tell u wats up...
thank you for the cold food, fifteen minute wait for coffee, lack of care from the servers, and the disregard for customers
Good morning, good night. xo
its not here its cool
"You don't screw the roommate agreement! The roommate agreement screws you!". - Dr Sheldon Cooper
fuck the swoosh gang
WHEN IN DOUBT, FREAK 'EM OUT!
yooo man whats up. Keep making dope music. We should collabo
ill see you monday at 6
If you still don't believe that the War on Women is real, watch Rachel take on Alex Castellanos on #MTP. WOW. What an asshole he is.
Is it considered odd to hug ur cleaning lady because I really would like to hug mine right now. Anyone living w/a hoarding MIL will relate
Have a great seminar. Want your impressions. Dana - El Cajon
Towson town center u always amaze me...
By the way, you are extremely late !! Lol!
thank you for ur help. U helped windfall raise a good amount of money :)
Yes Home at last :D
Hey nice to see you on Twitter. Love recording at the Hatch.
People be trying to trick me into becoming a monitor tech. Wtf assholes?
Rush Limbaugh outraged that he's just learning what was actually in the preface of Obama's book in 1995.
I miss you to <3
. Kirk Cameron is a fucking idiot
nothing at all!!! your welcome. :)
Trying (desperately) to figure out how to sign up for your San Francisco event this Saturday!
Football, Brunch, and Endless Mimosas!! Sounds like a pretty good Sunday Funday to me!! Big City Tavern... Best on the Blvd!! ;-))
I hate it when your boys sit around and brag about all thier girls , keep your shit to your self brah
I think Travis Ishikawa just made in his pants.
Make sure you check out my #NCAATourney Breakdown at majorleaguesportstalk.con
Wash. uses emergency cash to curb whooping ... - 247 Health News
Happy Mother's Day.... and my birthday, and I was the firstborn. My mother's first mother's day was a paradox.
All about my dough but I don't even check the peephole
Tv muted.. dont want to hear about Sttasburger ..
Don't front nigga you know you want these goodies RT : Yeah see i don't like your balls! Your not my type! Lmao
Starting off right #greatservice!
Photoshoot today and it starts to rain- Seriously LA, like right now?
#CLE is winning! Going into the 6th.
lol oh I get it now
Everything you do, is super duper cute and I cant stand it.
don't forget Excalibur tonight for one off
sounds like something a phillies bullpen member would say
Ian Stewart WEB GEM
Fuck you bitch
Ok cool. Thx!
How's everyone doing today?
oh gosh, you've joined Twitter. This is bad. lol. but idk what to tell you! I can say that you suck so far with 0 followers! haha
Jeri is designing the worst pinball machine ever on Visual Pinball.
bro you can always txt me if you need someone
Welcome to the party! Better late than never...
Be sure to follow the Twitter to my upcoming action film which starts production in a few weeks.
we could do midland!! Is Mcnett working?
If you need more than 256GB, you can always store video and photos on an external SSD.
Beautiful day in New England! Time to enjoy the city before the big game.
I EVEN KNOW Some GAY People saying it's wrong for Gay Marriages and it's all about the Money they told me, What a Scam!!
I hate you.
yeah lol they went to like couples counseling with Tracy and her boyfriend Corey:)
Let’s Go Bowling tomorrow!!! The joy of playing a sport in a cool air conditioned facility.What could be better?Check the HFC` calendar
Love your user name, great sense of humor.
thanks bro! But you're young, I started at 19 ha.
Just go with it . <3
I think fell asleep on me :( but it's okay! He had a long day! He was up early haha :)
Smh get off my twitter now! Lol
Great, looking forward to meeting you too!!
the M&M's are okay though <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Congrats! Just saw you hit over 40k followers! Does this mean sale in your shop?? Also, hooray for CA.
why would someone pay double the price it costs? no thank you.
Who's know what's the name of Justin In the app viddy.?
obligation smashion ;P
Control your bitch. Her vagina is flopping everywhere.
Today is officially KATE KLEBES & KACIE HOFFMAN Day. They kick ass, are consistently hard workers, & 2 of the cutest people I have ever met.
Bitches always falling inlove never accomplishing there own dreams.
greatest idea ever, state of KY vs state of NC doubleheader, alternating years between UL/UK and UNC/Duke... this has to happen!!!
Guns N' Roses “Live and Let Die” is older than Paul McCartney’s '73 original was when GNR covered it in '91.
Ur going to the wrong school then? Lol
Decided to write another 200 words on the novel for the hell of it. That brings the day's total to around 1100. Who's the woman?
2 More Songs in the works written by Fitz and Ryne with some musical credit going to J. Moskowitz
If I hadn't worked a 17 hour day on set I would have voted for you!
Half of my grade is going into nursing or education for the most part..I wanna be different haha
I guess flowers need to make whoopie too but enough with all the dang #pollen already!!! I hate
bleh im thinking bout getting my tongue pierced just cuz idgf anymore
was kidding
I WANT TO TRY THAT! :)
Sure, How would you want me to help?
Pandemic Films has just made a huge upgrade
One rule I must learn to live by: CHARGE YOUR PHINE EVERY NIGHT.
It's not always Malick's thing. But Kubrick is one of the greatest and most moving film storytellers in my book.
Professional Door PaintingArticle Directory Blog - hinges door
Committee member and president Joey Kopriva delivers the student address
draft day? Worked out well for you! Happy you're in pdx
Someday I'm going to be a famous marketer... They have famous marketers right?
and finished recording Episode 001 at RandomDistribution and check it out!!!! www.randomdistribution.com
Rainy day here in Kipling again. We've certainly have had Spring weather this year!
Working on making custom double sided game counters.
1356: You're gorgeous!! Tweet me sometime(:
Thanks for reading :)
Money's only important when you don't have any
Inspired by I not only talk to the cookie dough but write "I love you" on containers. Call me a hippie. Totally cool w/ me.
Tonight LET'S GO! poker battle round 2 after?
putting sites together . advertising for bigmala.com ... watching tv :)
Date night with Kimberly Swedelius Photography. SO overdue.
DEFINITELY! RT ": The Spurs are without question the most under appreciated team in all of professional sports."
he was a second round pick
As of yesterday we had 1 table at 5 & 1 at 9. Othrwise yes. RT : HEY R U sold out 4 Valentine's Day?
I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands; you need to be able to throw something back ~M. Angelou
”The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.” - Chinese Proverb
Your pillow weighs 10 pounds? Why do you stuff it with, rocks?
I am new to the Twitterverse but am looking forward to connecting with tweeps (especially youth) who are interested in theatre and acting.
It ain't over though!
all of them!!! (but gamification, engagement and rwd when used buzzword style seem the worst right now)
The THIRD margarita is what makes it an award-winning video...
"Bless" you, lol! We still have Wednesday!
Ha...I know chicks that drain the stash NOW..and they dudes not NFL o_0. What? You wasn't "putting up for a rainy homeless day"
Loves that Leonard Nimoy was on hand when the US Shuttle Enterprise "landed." Way to tie pop culture into STEM! (Sci, Tech, Engi. Math)\!
Fri Dessert: Blueberry Turnover with Cinnamon Ice Cream
~ TRULY diggin on your music....Thanks SO much for making it! I appreciate the follow :) Blessings...
No. All of them are amazing. <U+2665>
You received without cost, now give without charge.
A horse is the projection of peoples' dreams about themselves - strong, powerful, beautiful - and it has the capability of giving us escape…
I'm on my way sexy!
We're working on new labels, formulas and pics for the website....stay tuned it will be on the website soon!
No better city than MKE!!! Go Brew Crew!!!
you're welcome and thanks :)
somehow my twitter unfollowed you? This thing has been shitting on me lately.
hey! Happy Mothers Day
Rumor has it over 81,000 people were at the #SpringGame last weekend! Were you there? Tweet us some pics.
Secured my playoff tickets... now just waiting on the Kings to qualify!
Carlos thank you so much! Let us invite you to a FREE pisco next time you come to visit us. Just show this tweet!
RT : Happy Mother's Day to all of the Moms out there from all of us on the Solitaire Blitz team! 'Just for you, Mom' http ...
u can direct message us ur address and how many tix u want and we will get them in the mail to u asap.
Thursday Night Special: Beef Cheek Sloppy Joe w/ Choice of Side!!! You know you want some...
She was! She was the first spirit who believed in me and my creative writing skills. I'm a writer today b/c of her belief in me.
Riley - yet again she tweeted unity, aggressiveness, efficiency, and force
Non-profit employment gained over last 10 yrs while for-profit fell RT Nonprofits Employ 10+ Million Americans -...
Are and really trying to compare Kims wedding to the royal wedding?? Wow...
Italian bit the dust hard!!
Sneaky chapter 7. Was actually chapter 7 AND 8. Now this makes more sense.
Duke Ellington~ There are two kinds of worries -- those you can do something about and those you cant. Dont spend any time on the latter.
I'm volunteer staff coordinating the artist partnership program.... it's newish, ramped up after the new year
Ha! RT : This weekend marks a holiday we affectionately refer to as Gringo de Mayo.
#BehingTheMusic, there's so much more to know about #Believe is going to be only scraping the surface of Justin's new music.
Good luck to all the students starting the FCAT today! And best of luck to the teachers too. :)
Today I feel #foreveralone :'(
4 on 4 for the last minute plus, the penalty shot, just a lot of fun.
Yiasou! Greetings from NYC. Thanks for the link.
u do tht &ill be there really soon!
hey were you a voice for a chacter on Spongebob?
bruno mars is singing my tap song.. hehehehehe <3
So excited for this game! Let's get this championship and put our dancing shoes on !
Grateful for the super, but I just hate when he's in the apt
Happy Groundhog Day! I love Feb 2 - Spring is around the corner (even if some rodent insists we have to wait 6 wks).
Buying Used: Pick your own engine with the 2009 Cherokee
Firetrucks and Ambulances on my street... Uhmm..
#discount #followme JC Penney Ditching Coupons and Sales for Discount Prices - 13WHAM-TV
“To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.” -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The biggest letdown is when the people you believe in turn out to be flakey.
Me: I misplaced my jury summons. Juror hotline: Give me the barcode number on the summons. Me: Um
aw. let us send a little bit of love back atcha. seems fitting. xo.
About to go out with a few important people .
Need to answer ??? about the UW-Mad student enrollment and degrees conferred? The Sumr 2011 Univ. Enrollment reports are at: goo.gl/8XnzK.
thanks for the follow
Hey. I'm trying to make it soon && nope ; Going next week.
Suggestion #5 Look for areas of agreement
Just got done with hw just studying for a min then its finally off to bed
Going to try to play Brink...knowing nothing about the game hightens the excitment, aliens or people am i fighting?.
Almost everyweek i have a dream about Jim and Pam from THE OFFICE getting married or jim proposing to pam. I wake up with great ideas.
Ask yourself this question:"Will this matter a year from now?"Richard Carlson - Don't Sweat the Small Stuff
ill be in dc i gotta show friday and saturday
I think you're really mean
And it's been awhile, since I could held my head up high.
Congratulations on 50K followers! We are not surprised!
uhm Never afraid to tell someone how i feel about them, because you never know if you'll get that chance again.
i bet they're dying without their great lakes beer
That's awesome.. lol. RT hey if it makes you feel better i have a phobia of cotton balls
did the cab driver charge u for the extra in the cab? Lol
ya know. Kickin ass, making fun of little kids. XD like always. Oh. And of course, making fun of
looking forward to good times #sakefestPDX tomorrow!
WHAT. A. WIN.
yep, and its pretty good, not as good as the original, but good all the same.
u still got the same number bro
G'morning
just like me! Hah another spoon session soon
Learning is all about experiences. Every experience teaches us something. -- The Julie Manifesto
A huge thank you to the for hosting the #TEDMED sessions! Heard some inspiring words over the past few days.
You can now sign up for Lightning Talks in the Auditorium (1400).
#tnasacrifice has been good so far. Shows why Kurt Angle is the Steven Segal of
Just because you like Lady Gaga doesn't mean you have to hate everyone else. Monsters are the most bitter fan base.
Mitt Romney makes me itch
Any Eco-friendly or green tips you use around your home? Let us know and you may see it in one of our blogs!
hahaha no its a joke!!
generally, I don't take pictures of myself at work. Only take pictures of myself practicing my seduction dance for the wife
RT : I think the last thing Bills fans need right now is a manufactured QB controversy involving Vince Young.
Today is my LAST day of classes! High fives all around!
opensource NaN Cat? I wonder how that would work.
its scary to think that nothing can kill that 0.01% germ
People were complaining about Obama not releasing a statement on same sex marriage, now he stated he is in favor, they continue complaining.
A employee is always calling in for some excuse but the excuse that me and my co-workers laugh at is the latest one. She called in bout a...
Interested in our Summer Housing program? Follow our new twitter account
WORD UP!!
dunno, my second UP died after a month. I am now waiting for my refund check.
I am creating love, contribution and connection...You?
“ Nobody truly knows a Gemini, except themselves.”
Now were headin' back to Nashville!!!<3
go forth, young man!
Hey, thanks for retweeting my article in this week's Business Journal (Milwaukee).
You Don't Herd The Sheep In At Night
poor kid!
hey i just met you, and this is crazy, so click my follow button, and follow maybe(;
okokok I will!!!
Just read that your corporate voice on social media should sound like your company after drinking exactly one beer.
I can't wait to give the kid a 10 min ovation first start at Coors Field.
follow for the best tweets, she always follows back and she's sexy a fuck
Not feeling so good hope I get better...
Just received official notice from #FluxDesign FIRM remodel date will be MONDAY APRIL 23RD! One day install. Reopen...
But...I'm not a rapper
SILENTLY JUDGING KAILEE.
I have another account besides Fan page, go to it and see. It's under Lisa Kamppila Wilson, add me to see.
Fletcher says he'll work with people of every party and "won't be beholden" to the left and right extremes.
im so tiredd!!!
I just want to sleep.
Wow! RT : aw wait. You were at the Brewers game Friday, right?
#WISH really needs to become a thing.
If watching Elizabeth: The Golden Age this morning taught me anything, it's that Man U will beat Barcelona in the UEFA final
RT : Conservative girls are hotter.
The Avengers was bad ass!!!!
I woke up to a lot of good morning text today :-)
m pizza! #ilovefood!
put me down for $42
IOM: essential benefits package should be based on "what small employers are currently offering" -- summary obtained via POLITICO sources.
I'll stand up in the pick up truck and wave at the houses I go. Hopefully it hasn't gotten too dangerous, I don't want to get shot.
She's with Buchwald for her agency and Robin Loehr for her manager. WHo do you have? Was it helpful?
A 2 rd pick for a 285 pound C just seems high. Our MO is finding smallish OL late. If we use a pick early, it should be a big guy
Thanks for the retweet
no one would be preventing it if the offer were 20% either. Doesn't change fact that the deal is undesirable, unfair for players
To continue with another day of doing free things (yesterday was a free cupcake and Ra Ra Riot show), I think I'll go to AMoA on a coupon.
more than great. Like amazing ha.
10 more followers until I get to 1,000!!
cinco de mayo class? See you there?
So I have a live lobster in fridge hopefully by the time I get home its cooked and on my table.
i know ;n; come home to your Asian family
i just read ur story it was the cutest thing ever! :)
Glad you enjoyed the photo! We'd love to spend a week or two in ABQ - so much good stuff there!
Brad Bird To Helm Damon Lindelof&#39;s Secrecy-Shrouded Script &#39;1952 ...
New Years Eve Tickets are officially on sale! We have package options priced at $20, $35, and $45. Call us for more info 617.437.0300 X127
Thanks - good Webinar. #cision Lots of good reminders.
USGA is responsible for governing the rules and game of golf explains Senior Managing Director of Business Affairs Sarah Hirshland
You're lucky, you get to enjoy this beautiful weather. I'll be in hell later. :(
Happy 2012! May it be better than 2011.
Yes sir! staying
My two Parakeets are gay lovers. They cuddle and kiss and eat together...it's awkwardly sickening.
favorite song! Thanks for sharing that info.
I ended up ordering them direct from your publishers; trying to do it thru various sites of amazon didn't work. Also: yea!
Every time I think my dogs are really old, they do something to surprise me. Darn, that rabbit got away!
NOW YOU KNOW HOW IT FEELS MEMPHIS! THANK YOU CLIPPERS!
Fleet foxes sold out... lame.
And big props to the voluptuous April (Katy Mixon). Talk a bombshell, WOW!!! #eastbound&down
I find that I'm less restrained and therefore meaner when I edit under the influence. Enjoy!
Your dad had man-boobs! So do you!!!! How's your Wedgie??? #CantStandYa!!!
SCE langage classes start this week. Still time to sign up!
Thanks, will do. RT : Sharp Edge European Beerfest 13 will be June 23 & 24. For your website update!
Referencing the Duke lacrosse case may be Limbaugh's most insulting comment yet. It's like saying "they're all liars".
most DEFINITELY...
I'm speaking tomorrow at 6 pm and heading back wednesday morning. Do you live in Dallas? Come see me!
and I'm so honored!! Hope to see your pretty face again soon! xo
Outlast the competition. A war of attrition is never pretty, but if you're smart about overhead and scale, you'll win it. -Seth Go
Um, why don't you fly first class??
I was wondering if Joss is on Twitter, or if you knew how one might get a note to him?
“: I know she ain't quoting soulja boi on my TL”ha I did
Person Online- OMG.I love One Direction too. Me- OMFG LETS BE BESTFRIENDS. Girls at school- OMG. i love 1D too. me-BITCH GET YOUR OWN HOMOS.
your absolutely right about the perfect bunt! I didn't see it coming!
Thanks, ladies! I feel so much prettier now than I did this time yesterday, somehow. <3
got it and confirmed
Hi Jerae, I'm still going there after the dinner here at Silverado Resort :-) : We missed at Hope she's ok!!!"
You're welcome. Hope you're having a great weekend, Mark! :)
yeah he owned u
when bro? RT : When the tickets go on sale for the Future show
Its almost my fave's birthday!! )
Over 200 Hollywood VIPs to pitch to at #HollywoodPitchFestival & only 200 attendees.
on #Tebow: “I have a great deal of respect for Tim and the positive impact he makes both on the field and in the community."
Cherishing the fact that I have an awesome mom who knows the exact right thing to make me feel better during a challenging time.
man after that hater move Stern pulled I'm still a #lakerfan. Just an East coast bias. That shows they KNOW we got another run!!
People always tell you YOU CANT, I tell them to SUCK IT. That's the only way to get anywhere.
home alone, I want breakfast, and I miss it :c
...and those who are found...may still lead you to the wrong place. RT Be careful who you follow because most are lost.
I sent Domo Yesterday , (:
homework strikes if you get three you get a detention! I think it actually was middle school
with the sweep of baylor. chances of making ncaas?
It does, indeed, rage, but you have tweeted a lovely picture of cozy creativity.
any bill which contains the word "cyber" should be insta-vetoed. We aren't living in 1980's Science Fiction.
then think about what I asked u earlier.
people 35 + give to these issues CHILDREN CANCER ANIMALS Ages 18-24 include homelessness in their top 3
Jesus Lauren ( my dads girlfrienda daughter) is nuts. She just ate jack in the box and now she's gonna have hotdogs. Lol.
but for Mal...a pineapple isn't an animal?
Nice pinstripes ;-)
#AGirlDeserves that one guy that'll treat her like queen, and not just say he will...
I know! that makes me so mad when my dog gets ahold of them.
Well, yeah. That's what the P stands for.
why don't you like me anymore :( I have no life since we don't hang
I don't get it
I think that's impossible hahaha. And you're not fat
The part in a walk to remember when the guy falls in love after she sings >>>> too cute! Only in movies haha :)
Beer is the second most popular beverage in the world, behind only tea. Let's crack open a Dundee & see if we can move beer to number 1!
I love teaching about Rap
what package did you buy in order to get into the monster pit line ?!? Have fun!!
RT : I've got the dramatic dash-cam video of an ABQ killer's deadly standoff with state police. at 10!
You sound like a giraffe roach.
"INCONCEIVABLE." You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.
Indeed.I'd watch.
So sorry to hear that. What a story though. Feel better.
sorry, the men's room key is out. btw, if i go on break then my coworker takes over the keys and i don't have to deal for awhile. heaven.
Yeah I am wondering how students are able to afford $300 headphones.
On the road to #sdcc!!!
And I have data that supports a risk-reduction, sex positive model in prevention/education/outreach.
Keep foulin that's all you can do
Loved Panama, but glad to be home.
I may go blind looking at survey data. If I do, I'll have your lovely avatars to remember you by.
"the concept of YOLO isn't to go smoke and drink and make an ass out of yourself. It's to go go out and do something that MATTERS."
I actually will have the Packers green and gold flu ;)
Oh so high...
I've done some AppleScript work in the dark past, but not Objective-C.
Join us for Veteran's Sun. this Sunday... Veterans will be recognized in our services @ 8:00 & 10:30 AM @ Main St. UMC - 81 W Main St - Peru
It used to be possible for low-income students to dream of college. Find out why that dream is threatened by a new bill
congrats!! That's awesome!
sounds like a stage 5 clinger waiting to happen! Kick his ass to the curb
Realizing how stupid I was, to think higher of you. When you're just as low as everyone I've ever known.
Beach combing with The Super Vacations at 37th and Zen (Norfolk, VA) tonight 7 in the PM y'all.
sweet. I don't even need too much of that to get by. Unless I keep spending $80 a week on yarn.
It's crazy!!
Damn it
that last pitch was 101....crazy
thanks so much! I am about to bust with excitement.
now what time are they playing? and I have herbie hancock tickets that night!
But was it just tool that changed 'how' or confluence of events - changing demo, globalization that ignited adoption?
MRI scan today :(
trying to figure out Skype
Join us for a #Northeastern Full-time #MBA Campus Visit! Attend a class, take a tour, enjoy lunch, and talk with admissions. bit.ly/oUoH6F
but why lol im probably gonna sit there like her other party
are you serious? I'm hott with you and your brother. I love your mother though. lol tell her i said hi
You know Nayeem? Haha thats awesome he's a real good guy. Small world!
Man! I missed seeing A-Rod's 600th! Oh well, at least I get to watch the Hambletonian draw once Rich gets the video up!
both of my brothers are on there way i haven't seen them since Valentines Day
I get that its cold, but can anyone explain why i want hot chocolate so badly???
And seen from the plane over Cape Cod Bay yesterday: Whales. Four of them. Humpbacks.
one of the most interesting days of my life
I would be so smart if I wasnt so dumb
New server's up. First things first: alias rm='rm -i' alias cp='cp -i' alias mv='mv -i' followed by set -o vi
Is it just me or can't you block people from following you anymore? I would like to know what the deal is.
It’s scary to think nothing can kill that 0.01% germ
Thanks to everyone who came to see us tonight. You were a great audience! Hope we got you in the holiday spirit. :)
i love my little italy
What's going on downtown today? Appears to be a festival of sorts...
Most of today's leaders are thnkng in a 20th century paradigm + we're living in a 21st century wrld. You've got to thnk ahead.
So im invisible to u now? O ok well thts COLL ive always wanted a super power now i got one
Just kidding! Your too cute! Have a wonderful dear!
Up and showered before 5 am. Usually would be livid. But so excited to get to Iowa for best friend's wedding
I'm two in, and the crazy isn't going away yet...damn you 7 PM, damn you. I made it this far....
Thanks for the follow David, you guys rock the house in Dallas!
HAPPY B-DAY PRINCETON WE LUV U
hey! I'd be interested in hearing more about this
will you read it to me? <3
every extraordinary actor is an excellent case study researcher.
Friends how many of us have them
Hope you are having a great day! You are so inspiring and a role model to me. Listening to your songs solve everything x
she is correct. Cinnamon is a safe natural ant killer.
Astros need to close this game!!
If your in Vegas, Follow the homie's !
going to school tomorrow for the first time in a week
got my tickets to see you with big time rush this summer! PUMPED! Can't get this concert off my mind (; Rt?! (:
Getting ready for next week. Lots of things to share with you all! Can't wait to introduce you all to some people...
Well, it sounds yucky to me, but in keeping with my allowance for differing opinions, I'll accept that some think it yummy.
good morning all! m learning scratch n animoto 2day.Take care:)
Trey Songz Is A Sexy Figure To Look At Lol
Time to shelve our ever-growing stack of returned books--sad to miss the rest of the chat!
“: We apologize. DON'T OPEN IT. We got it from a friend.” no worries, no would write mean things about me.
WHY IS THE MASTER BATH DOWNSTAIRS AND THE KITCHEN UPSTAIRS???
Interesting. One of other 2 also looks like it might be one ("Utilization-Focused Evaluation"). Fifth involved "The Power Elite".
Nice tittes. It's sad that a mans boobs are bigger than mine. Sad face :(
Thanks/Shout-out to some of our newest followers:
Driving thru the thickest fog ever
RT House begins vote on Republican Study Committee Budget. More conservative than Ryan plan. Balances the budget more quickly.
#MaydayParadeJake are you guys still making American pre order calls?
Will you be joining us for our SOTU Watch Party tonight?
Amie and Rachel are behind me lolol
At the DMV paying tickets and getting a new license good life
and it came to me then, that every plan is a tiny prayer to father time
Irish Proverb Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live.
UK always needs a Ky native in the team
check My feed. It shows that no one is working harder.
Thumbing through my just-delivered contributor's copy of 10th Issue. Gorgeous cover!
Favorite 4th grade simile of the day: My grandma is like a cookie from the mall. (via )
#HowMadWouldUBe if nychunt.com told you that the street you were just at had a card worth $50... Join the fun
May Tenth , Two-Thousand Ten (: I Love You Babe <33
this is useful! RT : make sure juices are more green/less fruit...good rule is 1 fruit (apple/pear/watermelon) per juice...
digital storytelling with and today.
How are you Dear Man?
This Wednesday in Austin: joining the fantastic Nancy Scott's songwriter showcase at Artz Rib House. Yum -- on so many levels!
I could fall asleep right now, but I'm not
Aw, thanks! We're sending all the credit directly to Bethlehem.
Good morning! The DWF website will be down for part of the day today, please bear with us while we make some technical changes. Thanks!
smh so moises didn't know girl dogs get periods.. >.<
If you should follow anyone this #FF it should be F*BALL Podcast co-host/producer and my right-hand NFL man Get to it!
didn't you hear? Bill Leavy does basketball too.
Boo boo!!!
On my way to watch the Hokies play! 36 degrees and sunny at 9am. I already fill that bleaksburg chill.
Guys with beautiful smiles :)
I see a fire in the sky, lights go out! im gonna finsh what I started lights go out! and now U better pray I dont know were U R!- EMMURE<3
Wait, is THAT a holiday? Can we celebrate that?!
We took prayer out of schools, we still put "In God We Trust" on currency. But we don't trust God for morality.
Badgers Eat Up Penn State Montee Ball scored 4 touchdowns as Wisconsin crushed the Nittany Lions 45-7 to earn a spot in the Big 10 title
When I listen to call me maybe over and over again and my mom asks if I know any other songs...
A night curled up with a disconcerting postmodern book AND a good Pandora run? Don't need much more than that in life.
oh that one! Yeah he seemed mad, my poor poor Louis
soon as and I wrap it up. We picked this critical / busy week to add to our critical state of mind.
You can always tell how good the party was by the length of time it takes to tweet your birthday thank you's!
honor to meet you, and actually have a decent conversation with you today! xx
is vowing to try this tweeting thing - again! Hope everyone is having a great Labor Day weekend!
Eager for to complete that Ridley Scott survey they teased us with last April 1st. You got a reason now!
I finally broke down and just emailed to find out the deal.
I can just set those 6 file boxes of papers sitting in my living room waiting to be sorted on fire, right?
Somebody's found their swing! JOSE!!!
hell Na! Its different. A lot more going on. Fag.
I'm only human and have a classic Sonic doll. :/
Hey Brian! Tomorrow night the SKC/VAN game will be on at McNally's if you'd like to come out! 9pm kickoff
I'm by the mall,what are y'all trying to do?
Looking forward to it! RT From Justin (10:05pm): No rain expected for Tuesday, just sunshine and 60s.
Make no small plans as they inspire no one. Right Daniel?
Now is this old coal or the new clean coal because I honestly haven't researched coal too much... we're about the corn here lol
exactly what I thought. but now I know where all the cops r in my hood.
Feliz día de las madres! Happy Mother's Day to all the moms across the world. Gracias por todo! Thank you for everything!
RT listening to bro giving us nutrition and diet lesson <3 love you bro
“True hospitality is marked by an open response to the dignity of each and every person." -Kathleen Norris, "Dakota: A Spiritual Geography"
are you still going to be talking at excel on Friday? On the eve of the biggest match for 31 years! :-)
I can't wait to see when he comes to STL for his book tour. He is who I strive to be like. I'm a fan
What's going on?
On the way
It's a nice combination. Was LOEX good? Had some VT folks who were there.
Just realized my phone died after it was dead for a good half hour. It functions the same on and off. Why? because I don't text anyone.
And still the GREATEST COMEBACK OF ALL TIME... YO MOMMA!
Running genome sequence once cost $.5 billion. Now, it's <$1,000, soon to be <$100. This is an incredible time. ~ Dr Spielberg
Sure - I plan on bringing back the card catalog. Hope you're ready for that!
i love this family so much.
i think i could of had oomf
"What you put up with...is what you end up with."
Beamer, crib, and a fat wallet
And so it is written: the birth of A-Team Musical Recordings and Labelship Unlimited LTD.Who gets to be BA Baracus?
follow me. :D
S/O To For Walking On The Wrong Side On The Train Station lol
Someone moved your cubby :(
Good lookin' out JP. Thanks! They can take away our football, but they'll never take away our candy.
Word on the street is will be parked outside the museum for lunch. That's the kind of news we like to hear on a Monday!
i can't believe i missed a crusty goat butt debate.
My man Jay Paul has returned to TV. I love
RT : Congrats to Texas Tech Lady Raider Tennis for winning & bringing the Big 12 title to Lubbock! Go Big Red & Black!
I basically want to live my life to "Talk Show Host" by Radiohead on repeat.
Morning has broken.... but I have duck tape and super-glue.
Amelia's coming over to do my hair for tonight :)
RT Hey China dolls, get Alexander's accounts and up to 1 million followers
You must have known... you weren't the only one.
W/tweet #2001, I note my plan to see a visionary film I've waited decades for: assemble 3:10 in Empire 25 lobby for the 4pm
hope i live a long life ahead of me
#WhenIRuleTheWorld, using a serif font smaller than 11pts for an email will cause your computer to explode upon sending.
waking up early to go downtown and fix my hair dye at the salon :D
i wanna wear like a sundress.... what the f
haha yea I did the same there's a few hot guys but they all have mental issues lol ur beautiful u don't need plenty of fish lol
I love her blog - didn't think to check there for ideas. Thanks!
I'm pretty much in love with my life- the people in it, what I do, where I come from and where I am.
Today's action posted so far by 104 cappers with a NBA and CBB consensus with more to come off a Tuesday 2-1 consensus record
Morning Beaker - 15 y/o w autism listening to you sing Ode To Joy - over and over over - MEEP!
I'm going to an ESPN event tomorrow evening. What are you up to :)?
too late lol
And, in the "Living Up to Geographic Stereotypes" race, it's Tulsa by a crazy, racist white dude's nose.
“ On the phone cooking dope at da same damn time!!”real woman
New Thumball Catalogs have arrived. Visit www.thumball.com to view. New designs & fresh ideas for Thumball Fun and Learning
Like I say follow me and I'll follow back. Unfollow me and I'll return the favor.
TONIGHT: will be warming you up to the Holiday weekend with All Night Happy Hour until 2AM! Guest list 916-295-0720.
"I hope you're coming later...I need some alone time!" Bitch what the hell is that?! I could've been on the way!! Hmm smdh!!
Dear Mama.. you are appreciated! Happy mothers day!
You have power to affect the lives of those around you. Your encouragement can be the difference-maker in someone's day, week or even life.
sure will. atleast i can see blake everyday;hoping to change that soon.ill miss jamie tho weve gotten so close.
Let's go Kansas
. We would love to participate further and host at some point. Let us know!
The only thing the Arizona defense can stop is my enjoyment of college football. C'MON CATS
10 Facebook Tips .... STOP
Ah! The local station is playing, "faster" by Within Temptation. I like this. A lot.
Power still is out at Hoffmann ES & Briscoe MS. O'Connor HS has a partial outage. is working to restore power.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
So happy for your new addition! George is a lucky dog! Thank you again for your support of & !
hey that's pretty cool!! Unfortunately that picture was a promo for our new ep almost perfect, not the dangerous ep.
nigga, I ust met the smartes fucking kid alive. You have no idea!
myNigg when I see u and your Big bro! Y'all make me proud I fuck with y'all! U 2 Been fly! Salute !
From recent MBA CREF conference in Atlanta — Money is plenty ... Life ins cos, CMBS and credit unions have money lots of money to lend.
Learn more about how community health centers serve as a safety net for those in need. Visit www.savehealthcareinWA.org
I don't consider myself "cheering" for the Heat, but I'm just absolutely not "cheering" for the Pacers. You do the math.
Where did you hear that?!
And the Bud commercials continue!!! LOL!
Beth Phoenix is a man
At UIC to hear on The State of the Humanities.
looking for DEV PARTNERS for GAME & INTERACTIVE... licensed & original IP... some very, VERY cool stuff going on
Got my party:)
thoughts with
Do you have a song that just drives you crazy everytime you hear it?
OJ Mayo playing his last game as a member of the Grizzlies
I feel like there is a #DJproblems hashtag missing in this series of tweets. But, I'm not a DJ (yet?)
You should be Gale the Snail
I know that guy too, he will wear them, but he's not a store in Boston....
I definitely agree!!!
soon as u get it to me..
Read this aloud....Ice Bank Mice Elf. Now come in for Happy Hour...starts at 4pm today!
Let's go grant
Perhaps someone should tell these guys (especially Santorum) that women are able to vote nowadays.
ushering in a new era of
WE R GOING
Curious to see how a few guys coming off injuries (Eric Berry, Jon Beason particularly) fare. Was interesting placing them on the board.
Returning emails from NWLC!!
so... pic any pic from fb for a sketch ;) YAY! I am so excited. my first Samax sketch!
TAKE A PICTURES OF IT<3
IT IS. And we rock for doing it, even if we do it way late or otherwise half-assed. It still gets done, therefore we rock.
Every sound alarms. Virgil
When a musuem publishes open data they should be recognized! Plus, big fan of Good work!
Oh we're getting personal now. First one...typical girl again.
“: feels nice not doing work!!*__*
Travel Postcard: 48 hours in Hatay, Turkey
Are you at #HRSW? Be sure to wear your Novotus pin for a chance to instantly win a Starbucks gift card. Stop by booth #412. Come say Hi!
One pointed focus turns dreams into reality
wow where are you way to answer your phone you fatass
moms keep callinq me . . .damn lady can i qet dress . i swear she misses me
Open invitation anytime!!
No sleep in the WILD RT : i really just dont wanna work today
you bet! We'll see you next time and toast to your good health in the meantime!
There's going to be a 3D revolution with all the kids that grew up with and are comfortable with this technology. -
Flaming Patties Special Tonight $1 hot Dogs from 8 till closing. Normal menu items also available. Join us!
The cashiers look at you funny.
10-4 just checking on you.
What happen to Damon Wayne
ah ALL CAPS!! haha but that's awesome! :)
There are birds here in Austin that sound just like the Angry Birds. My fingers twitch every time I hear them.
RT": Everything i do is wrong ....I always end up getting hurt .. Done crying over this it's fucking stupid"
good luck Dave! You can do it!
happy hour in a chandelier :)
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset --- When people are all talk.
There is a *VERY SMALL* part of me that hopes the Lakers lose just to see the fall out.
Of course! RT : im glad u noticed ;)
On beale st its deep as hell!
Joshua Ledet: This is a Man's World = perfection. Do we really need to go any further?
Holy Henderson!! won the
When are sports teams going to realize they have to stop positioning themselves as branding plays and start putting fan affinity to work?
hahaha a nigga can't even drive to 7Eleven !! I wonder how much rocket fuel is haha
If it involves parry hats, the answer is always 'yes'
First speeding ticket... Fail haha
Yea I couldn't even make it through that Brian McKnight video...I have no words -_-
It may not come today..but, keep on believing faith is powerful!
same here, was great to see you this morning and I hope the run was fun
Hmm should follow me c:
If I happened to miss anyone with thanks for the support of our Giuseppi Logan project please forgive me. I tried to keep track. MUCH LOVE!!
Bicycle Dates! 2 Bikes, 2 Hours, 2 Beers at Von Trier's, just $40! Stop down to the shop and start up the lovin'!
oh em gee. you cant see me.
Just made and ate a great breakfast with ; how domesticated we are!!! Lol
I mean on you dueling dragon.
Lol a teacher just said "Wazzzzzzaaaaaaa" to us haha
Hey man, what's up w/ Kevin Martin these days? Is there a sense he could be moved before the TDL?
The #culturalmuseums event breaking for lunch (even museum directors have to eat!), we'll be back at 1:30 EST! Thanks for following along!
So happy I'm not a Grammy producer right now. They must be pulling tapes like crazy tonight.
Someone's beginning is someone's ending
did you try google? There are a few services and clients that tell you how many fav and retweet. Not sure exactly tho
haha you crack me up!!!
thanks so much for coming to celebrate with the team! Can't wait to work together again soon XO
I didn't even know there were people in the US still against gay marriage. It's basically a Hitler's idea of the Jews without the killing.
": Today is Good Friday. Remember Christ demonstrated His unconditional love for mankind by dying on a cross. #ThankYouJesus":)
A reminder email will go out to all #eduiconf attendees on Monday if you've forgotten what workshop you chose.
SBV thanks for having me!
good morning ugly ppl lol cuz a lot of ppl look so ugly wen they wake up lol.
It hurts to click "Skip This Month" in my online shoe clubs.
Thank you! It was a joy to work on this audiobook.
are you going to find Mistletoe Guy out and about? It's only day 4 of 12 Days of
SFO, here I go!!
I have a follow up question from the B2B presentation yesterday. What company do you use to survey and collect reviews? Thx!
Nice productive week. I'm ready for the weekend!
Just because I RT stuff dosnt mean its always about you calm down
It's so great to know we have your guys' support. Many thx to , , for weather help!
Bioware thought they were going to be all creative & shit, no it was just dumb.
i'm great with money. especially other people's money. ...
All I do is play now. :D
Really? K, what size shoe do you wear?
I'm gonna talk to Jason in the morrow
hi khloee....i hope you had a nice time in Chicago....sorry that the weather was so crappy....come back soon.....xoxoox = ]
Can someone tweet me who the bills pick for the rest of the picks please
Thx bra RT : So long #bestniteoftheyr #tradition won't b the same w/o <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
long live part...oh man I miss you so much chan
Thanks for the blog post!
AT&T Uverse users: are you also having a hard time watching YouTube? All streaming works well, except YouTube. :(
Think I might actually get to upload some jewelry to the site today...tweaks taking a bit longer than expected.
Hi! Try If that doesnt work, tweet us back and let us know.
Batteries not included.
He plays Leyland ball. Do whatever you can to win one, and then pull all the stops to lose. Keep the record at .500.
Death by math homework
A little more info about yourselves, please. Give us a reason.
. Info from fake account
hey , you are a colossal piece of shit.
Congrats for another successful fundraising event for last night in NYC. Great job &
" i love you " - " i love you too bestfriend" - you are now in the friend zone
Hunger just a problem of the unemployed? 36% of households served by have 1 or more adults working
Did you hear introduced Segment Builder today. Helping #retailers solve the problem of Big Data. White paper:...
ok, nobody's going to tweet me unless i say "i'll rate your account" or "i'll give you a shoutout" -.-
Irish number if you HAVE to get in touch- text me. USA phone off. 08 57 14 28 06 I imagine you have to put + and drop the first zero
Early #retirement is on the life plan. Curious what my tweeps would do if they won Mega Millions? Best wins a RT
he's unbelievable in a live venue.
“: Thanks for the RT :) ”welcome Mrs. Julia, do you remember me? < No Mrs. here...I think I remember. Help me :)
wake the fuck up
Thankfull. Seriously my father is 60 years old and keeps waiting for the shoe to drop. Every td he says wheres the flag.
So excited to have lunch w/ Prez Santorum! Why do the ladies have scarves over their heads? This baby seal steak is like butter. Amazing!
These issues are so important costing lives and money everyone can help and needs to
Great visit with @ Preston Children's Academy!
not at the moment, but thanks for asking.
It is wise to reflect before you respond to a fool.
hehe im so bored, :p
Ha! LaGuardia is def in the running, too! RT : And nastiest airport Award goes to:Houston-Bush intl
Come in and burn off the last of those Thanksgiving calories...Kung Fu and Cardio!!!
you have some pretty amazing archives if you can somehow dig that item out after all these years!
That's fucking nasty omg lol RT : The head of a man's penis is shaped to scoop other men's semen out of the vagina.
where do you get your inspiration from & what's your favorite cereal?
good running into you yesterday! let's grab a slice soon.
Hope everyone has a great weekend!
Customer feedback does not have to be long and drawn out. Get ongoing, instant and direct feedback from your customer and employees today.
I'm scared to find out. Doubt the pleasure is worth the red welts.
haha I think I know who this is about...
Great practice round today. Got some great info. Time to go low tomorrow.
"Happiness is only real and have a true meaning when we're able to share it with others"
The reason for the variations between state is not a statistical fluke, it comes down to the people in the offices
+1 “: Prediction: Apple shipping the next iPhone screen with the current display size will be labeled a fail by stupid people.”
Come on, with RISP don't fail me now...
What does it say if #CNNdebate is out-trending #AmericanIdol?
lol well LinkedIn is a great tool, for employers the pix are irrelevant. Receiving a paper resume with a pic is different :)
didn't want to go down that road, but yes ;)
Had leftover pizza today too. RT Work, leftover pizza, while the fam watches oldskool #Popeye movies.
We should suggest this topic to a Twitter chat that focuses on blogger relations/pitching. Any ideas?
"I like beer now!" thanks for introducing me to the night of mug as a baby..
omg no way!!
Never break a pinky promise because those things are legit!
And to all you mother fuckers, Happy Mother Fuckers day to you.
how was the show! I donated and everything, but couldn't make it :(
OMG STILES PUNCHED DEREK AND NEARLY BROKE HIS HAND
who do u think is gona win the elimination
so true!
working secound shift is fun :) even better with me
FACT: Cheapest day to fly is Wednesday. Next cheapest: Tuesday & Saturday. Most expensive days to fly: Friday & Sunday.
come next Saturday at our next basketball game, i am showing NO MERCY.
We love hotels!
that's hilarious
Las Cruces , NM ! We are performing tonight at the Las Cruces Event Center! Doors at 6! 522 E. Idaho
Today was just the worst man..
- Also really partial to "Don't Carry It All" from that record.
I also can't take video chat drive thru ... I'd like a number 3... DON'T LOOK AT MY FACE!
Thinking hard
Looking forward to it, Don!
If you could that would be so wonderful
Two free appetizers when you stop by Bar Bouchon today between now and 4PM...ask for Jonathan
Last night in Milwaukee. Finishing off an amazing trip with Pizza Shuttle & Rascals $1 happy hour. Two of my very favorites!
The problem with post-apocalyptic, nuclear zombie, holiday stress nightmares is that you only get one.
#ireallywant to go back to sleep!
I can buy goat meat or Cornish game hens at my grocery. But salmon? No. WTF?!
Heavier snow falling and sticking in Beaverton now
Getting some training on
Twenty minutes till i need to wash this crap off my face and head.
So rare when all the stars align for me in football. Despite both losing, #Bengals and #Broncos are both in?!
"Pilate to the chief priests and to the people, I find no fault in this man."~Luke 23:4
ok boo
i wanna go to the mall today and target! anyone wanna go with me? i need some clothes.
met on #spiderman she worked hard over the yrs..congrats! #bama RT : Thx AU, thx Montgomery, thx home state..thx family!"
Get up den Wade
were your dream girls...
Aww ready got u my bruh. fux wit that video...
I just passed 10,000 tweets .... and I dont even like talking on the phone .. huh ! I spend way too much time on here apparently !
Randy Wolf has been left in a couple of batters too long
I love you boo, have a good day tomorrow :) <U+2665>
i think i need new
Tweeps, help her out! Rt: Woo Hoo! I'm so close to having 500 followers!! Six more & I'll be there, , So cool!
yes that's her name lol she's was cute too. The other one didn't want to meet me lol
Happy Birthday to Dr Seuss, Nana, && my brother ! Love you all <3 lol
We need JV to bring it home tonight
": RT : We live in the "WTF" generation. [W]ikipedia [T]witter [F]acebook" Its true!
Ima b famous off what i do not what i can do
Roger Moseley on cheating in "Guitar Hero" cites Leibnitz!
I don't think a nervous man intermittently screaming "We've got street performers!" is a very good radio ad, Georgia Ren Fair.
Word?? This joint is so dope.
YES, PLEASE.
I feel so powerful when i walk through target's food aisles, and all the lights come on as i walk by the fridges. (:
those are classic
Looking up a Spanish book.. Casa Cerrado.. mom loves her show.
great game and lock down D. Give props to Bibby
We'll take the swell down first.
I love living next door to a movie theatre. Watching The Avengers in my pjs.
would love to hang out with you. You seem like a loyal and friendly person
yes waiting on you! U coming today instead??
”Wherever a dancer stands is holy ground.” -Martha Graham
When life gives me lemons, I just say "Fuck dem Lemons" and bail lol
do you have a celebrity crush? tell us
We buy him the Canadae food.
now following
Researching web-based POS systems... Quite boring.
- Thanks for the RT!
Ok fine. So much for your crush, eh?
Great destresser sunroof open listening to and George Strait
operating crime and terrorists watch later to night
Thanks for the RT John! :)
Especially if you're saying you're worth a mil.
Thanks for the reminder! ^TM
Major bonus that my new chiropractor is extremely good-looking. Small favors to balance out the pain I'm in.
wears too many braclets
Day 2 of main resumes at 200/400. I have 55k at table with , and Nick Binger
true true
thats a cool video :O
- that's me every time I fall asleep in front of the TV - I hate it! Wishing you. ...z...
A truck full of fireworks is on its way to Seattle! Thanks to for sponsoring the New Year's at the Needle fireworks show!
Always an auditor, I am! I take after , after all.
": Convulsions during "Racks on Racks" with " the best.
The year 13s seriously need to start listening to decent music
no doubt...great work!!!
you said something about a picture or video xD
Let me hold you in these arms, with my 7 foot wingspan <3
I asked my brother to make me an egg nog. He asks, "Do you want liquor in it?"... Um... Duh?!
I know omg i typed "harry styles bi" into the search bar and everyones like ufcvguhjnvjjeksb please tell me what's happening
Dont look at my last RT , you will be scarred for life
Glenn: whats the ratio MD to WVU fans there? WVU sounds really loud on tv, sucks.
That #VMA stage entrance is very vagina like... Nice job MTV.
I love love love fat girls hay!!!! Big huge titties all over me!!!
oh, yes!! That will happen!!!
I didn't know that. Oh. Guess I know where I need to go soon.
We have just installed the Constant Contact Labs Join My Mailing List application!
needs to come to San Diego!
cha$in me a check!!
frank friendly comp your my boy.next time in ny we drunk
finally home.. Thanking the good Lord above!! #crappyday :((
lol I had to go more often this time for my sealants. But I got them all done. Yay! :D
I like your default pic
Paradigm Shift tearing it up on the recording stage!!
Yay! So we'll see you there. That's great news :)
That photo is hilarious. Why are all those children looking at that lion?
JFSLA is delighted to announce Aly will be joining the team for the JFSLA CA 2011! Welcome aboard :)
#SoTellMeWhy mortals can't make make meaningful emotional connections? I can take the rain.
bet also says rumors too
My son is crazy!! He just woke up and asked was I gonna cook on the grill today?!? Not a bad idea....Now I'm mad cause it may rain later
you are RIGHT 4 A Change!
The movement is begining....
Sometimes i lay on the floor and pretend i'm a carrot.
What is your forte?
My mom says "She wouldn't be happy if you hung her with a new rope!"
Which world? Which you? The you ruled by fear/lies of the past? The you free soaring like a big ass bird? Now you must decide
why whats wrong? What do u mean mistakes?
One of the top 5 babliest babes that ever babe'd
Contact me!! 7 weeks left to come into Mona Vie for free.Nothing to lose much to gain. Enroll. www.thegreatproduct.com/dou... -douggieb
Every musical theatre reference, written or otherwise, makes me love New Girl even more.
i know i thought the exact same thing!
I love your picture :)
aye that's dope
solved my achilles ache
"Intelligent" review via leveraging technology lets clients dip their toe into the automated waters without diving in #ltny ^BM
Leia!!! How's it going?
Pickup Line: If you and I were Squirrels, I'd store my nuts in your hole
I'm so bored right now....... im leaving for my job interview in couple minutes.. i hope i get thing job
84 year old Portland woman missing since Saturday night found safe and OK. Good news for Mary Howell and Family!
I'm 35 and in a loveless marriage.. I need love.I need attention..maybe I just need to be alone for awhile
...whilst being suspended 5 inches above aquaria filled with alligators, sharks, and Portugese Men O' War.
Sorry I'm the worst at talking people out of anything
I was tattooing clients from 7 p.m yesturday evening until 6 a.m. this morning. I needed a little nap.
Over with some real loyal niggas chopping it up
Clickbank Success Tips - How to use Internet to Make Money Online
really? i just got that one about you know who following you and the one about someone tweeting me but thats it
OSU on the attack. Krista Lopez takes a shot for the Cowgirls fm rt side. Goes high on Gaul for the corner. Gaul leaps and bats ball away.
This isn't abt the dog. It's abt being hurt and unable to let go.
aww well best ideas come to me when everybody else is sleeping :)
Human centipede 2
Get those animals... out on the arc-y arcy-y!
RT : The world was a better place when all the self-proclaimed investor philanthropists were on Kiva, not Kickstarter.
I must 2nd that one girl!
Did you ever play in Drum Corp with The Crossmen as a snare drummer?
Me 2! I have to see it alone. :S
It's all downhill after 29.
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others.
RT : So excited to have Michele - dazzle us with her Social Media insights tomorrow at our June Member Mtg
you guys should definitely hang. and with the 9 shocks guy too. is he still there?
thought u wouldn't do that ever again <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>
The carpet commercial with puppies don't make me want to buy their carpet...it just makes me want a puppy
o PARIS! Now I'm jelly!! LOL
hey austin your so Amazing i love the way u sing :)
and he got hit by a bus
Girl that was like last week when I seen it.
Just finished the June 25th Streak trial run in 47 minutes!!! Who thinks that they can beat that this weekend?
locke had a fever this pm. he and i stayed home and missed the nutcracker and lola's solo dance w/ the sugarplum fairy after. we are bummed.
lolllol or they could stop! their my friends im not gonna do that!
Thanks for the RT :)
me tutta rello cello and who ever else but idk I'm finna get the info from one of VAP
RT “: RT if you have ever worn skinny jeans.” I'm wearing them right now!
*runit* is awesome. once I grokked the simplicity, it became my favorite init.d replacement
...of course, APA will force you to uncapitalize all but the 1st word of the tweet, & add lots of unnecessary punctuation in the citation ;)
uh...this new final cut pro looks scary and different. Naturally, we should be afraid.
You will never be able to escape from your heart. So it's better to listen to what it has to say
well I was born and I still can see Laettner's foot in r players chest! He should not been the game! Lol
as a season ticket holder, I watch every game twice. Once in person & once to hear your call. You guys are good.
I have an overweight stalker/obsessor. Damn that makes me feel
Governor's QB on stadium gives media short-hand version of his testimony from 7 legislative committee hearings.
I can't remember the alphabet without singing the ABC's song.
Not tired and nobody to talk to.
My spreadsheet shows 36 out of 43 loved Next. Also, 4 out of 5 dentists who chew gum preferred the duck to the chicken.
hahaha thanks for the powerade from McDonalds. Powerade has never tasted so good before in my life hahaha
Still doing jokes, ur missing it man! LOL! Do u get a signal in the boonies? Thanks! Have a great wknd!
I need to run!! RT Much better work out today
In my screening of Dark Shadows I think there was an audible gasp when Michelle Pfeiffer first appeared.
Haven't done anything in school today. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
wouldn't stabbing in the next make shouting impossible or at least a lot quieter? I guess they missed the windpipe?
Um, why is everyone buying up all the bottled water on the east coast? There's gonna be gallons of the stuff falling from the sky
I love getting every 100 tweets, haha!
7 more days in hell & and then we can all just have the most amazing time of our lives
If that doesn't make someone smile, then nothing will. What a happy little one!
Come get to know
hey! how was it???
We're going into added time in the El Salvador vs. Honduras match at #LSP!
Don't spit up my ass and tell me It's raining out there tough guy! RT : ya gonna get cute, funny, fresh wit me?
Wtf is up with the lane closure and traffic going down to one lane coming out of downtown on 794? That traffic pattern is fuckin terrible.
My longest layers were way below my shoulders and now, well, now I have a Flapper-esque bob.
MT Half way through Practical Malware Analysis. If you are interested in analysis this is a excellent read. || Sweet, thanks!
You have to have your heart in the business and the business in your heart. - An Wang
FML I'm on the train car w/ no AC, hell to the naw
To all Field of Dreams guests, the Viaduct will be closed tomorrow & expect heavier traffic due to the 7 pm Sounders game.
T Pains chopped and skrewed brings back hella memories.....
What is the coolest, most awesome new (or new to you) web service/software/tool that you have discovered in the last year?
Who's skating today, and what tricks do you want to learn??
and who did you hear that from?
I have No idea why do they call it a happy hour I think we should be allowed to have more then just 1 happy hour Who's with me ?
GottA love life man, gotta love liFe....
take a photo of the inside, submit to , and earn cash.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> no well at least just go with me first then go with your mom if anything
Lana Del Rey, bubble baths, , strawberry daquiris, mani/pedis, Classic - David Blasgberg, these are a few of my favorite things!
You look great!
Elease used to be my favorite until Camilla came through. SMH how do you get whooped THREE times!!? CHILE....
What's up sexy people HAPPY NEW YEAR TOMM.
The Casey Anthony verdict is in... Glad the saga is about to be over.
RT : Will be back in #ct2012 #ct2011 -fave part: timely, relevant topics. Loved Jeff Borden, Wed talk.
Sorry, Wens. video is actually an old video I'm re-uploading.
Attn, Denver! I'm featuring at the Merc tonight! Starts around 7. Selling my last copies of Freshwater Dredge. Get yours.
Heres a great way to beat diabetes, lose 500 lbs
I'm seriously in love with the song #Boyfriend by #JustinBieber :) hehe
Get your suitcase packed!!! Xx
same wishing I had some smoke to calm this damn pain. Y Tim going to work right now
50% off today at Heidi's Brooklyn Deli
hmm....im pretty tired :/ i want...some juice...today was pretty...bad....ah....Talk to me :DD
Sad too but I now know for sure that Josh Ledet will be HUGE like Jennifer Hudson, Daughtry, etc.
can't wait til we team up!!!!!
Thought I could do it...but it's not gonna happen.
John Vlismas is on Twitter!! ;-) x.
The sky is getting quite dark, but it isn't night yet. I believe we are in for a large thunderstorm.
Whatever your doing or trying to do Make It Count
Less than a month until the #bracescomeoff!
My entry- Do the Bills deserve B-lo At this point no Soon they'll be gone to Toronto Along with TO Jim Kelly's days Now are just a haze
Everyone's in Vegas for #slightlydangerous or #MAGICLV. Consider me jelly
Reminding everyone to take a moment to think about world poverty as part of Blog Action Day.
it's like some kind of dadaist performance art at this point - sockpuppetry with no purpose beyond stirring & exposing the medium
do you know if he is already done on the radio? i just turned it on :/
Wait but it does. Right?
I want to hear "I'm Not A Gangsta" by ! The fans want it!
I hate school but once i'm there I don't want to leave
30 minutes until an action-packed #SportsPRchat! Be sure to stop by tonight. It's gonna be a good one.
we've been doing this a long time. You don't have a finely tuned and automatic web ad mind filter?
Not gonna lie, I read it out of idle curiosity. It's epically awful. I can't believe anyone reads it unironically.
add me to the list im making a guest appearance for bobs team
I need to get my Omeka on...soon. We also need to schedule a GTM to figure out wrap up/report writing.
Nothing brightens my rainy day more that check out some your amazing mentions! You guys rock
No more homework for the next 3 months...thank you Jesus. Now finals FUCK
red tanktop with a giant gold belt and a purple jacket to the movies. I was like ... I don't know you but well she's my sister.
Pay day...ow.
Nice comeback #Padres, win tomorrow and take the series (if it doesn't snow that is, lol
We've been gone far too long. Time to kick it into high gear. Stick around for big announcements & a great 2011 from Mildly Fearsome Films.
''own thats pony tail, work thats up do!'' lmao
B/c we all have our doubts! “: I love that Cris Cyborg was wearing a T-shirt that read, "Who's the man?" #Strikeforce”
what do you mean, why? and yes.
DREAM on. Ur so-called "sleeping giant" is about to have a rude AWAKENING! NO home court advantage, NO chance. UK by 17.
when do I not ask questions?
Someone threw an ssf phllow. Hit one in the ankle
#onethingilove : competitive swimming
Candy apples.Ohmygawddd.
": Iran says it has arrested a suspected American spy trying to infiltrate Iranian intelligence #news" Here we go...
You're welcome! Thanks for such an excellent music discovery resource. Congrats on your new tenure position, too.
Making plans to open a maternity home for pregnant teens in Phx. AZ anyone have any advice or want to help.
3rd WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 8...DOLPHINS/JETS #TAKETHEOVER (40.5)...THE FINS WILDCAT CONTINUES TO BAFFLE...AGGRESSIVE PLAY-CALLING = PTS.
Played a few sets of social Tennis with friends in Lawrenceville,Georgia - and came home made veggie tacos...excellent.
Hot coffee is brewing at Byrd! Come enjoy some with a cookie sample or two!
sharon mcgowan's monologue is on -- causey, then cake, then toast. m.
What a BEAUTIFUL Easter Sunday here in Metro Detroit!! I hope everyone has a fun and blessed day!!
wow. thanks pal!
He's gotta go w/his momma. You can come visit though!
RT : washing the smell of rotting cow head off of me. also praying i never again have a tweet like this. TIA.
Invisible! #shameful RT : where are the blks and asians in the fucking 21 jump street remake?
School is gr8 ! Not challenging, but validating.. So, we extend her lessons 2 help encourage her enthusiasm
Donald and Peta in jeapordy, huge dislike!
haha no problem :)
twitter, and facebook isn't working AT ALL. >.> ugh I just want to stab the living shit out of a rock.
The newest 1:1 product is sunglasses. W/ every pair you purchase TOMS will give sight to a person in need. Fun to launch
There are at least 27 million slaves worldwide-roughly the combined population of Australia and New Zealand. Crikey!
Given the recent disappearance of my notes from the Meditations, I'll have to decipher Descartes' rationalism solely through reason.
I would very much like to go on the road with Willie Nelson. Too far to drive to meet bus I guess. Need a local act probably. But who?
I care more about Monica then she will ever know
Going home, Oregon is so beautiful, I'm moving here one day!
Agreed! Thanks, everyone. RT : RT : Sunday Parkways Volunteers are the BEST! Thank you.
"So, you've pretty much seen the last of me" - New Jaleel White book title.
for free right? He has connections
Come on down to GMF / Artopia this weekend and we'll show you our take on what to do with empty lots!
Brown shorts, yellow shirt, green soup, black coffee, red brick, gray sky
whats wrong????? I gotcha back!!;)
Denver's Top Marketing firm for the past 3 years, locally owned and started over three years ago. Proud to be where we are at :)
he deserves to be. Despite his ironic name he's a straight up THUG
Remove your lenses before going to sleep. Your cornea may not get the necessary oxygen while you are sleeping.
Thinking about our boys. Can't wait to see them in action again next weekend.
Thank you! And I see we are both alumns of Va. I graduated an EngLit/Art major in the 90s. How did you like the MFA program?
Kubrick thought all supernatural films were "feel good" and optimistic because they assume life after death.
Joe performed Love Slayer, Just In Love With You, Fast Life, and See No More!
ahh I see
oh I didnt bother to click on the pic I just saw spongebob lol
did you go to the concert!?
Online at onsite registration. Can someone come and make complaint lady behind me go away?
“: Had a student ask me if the singer of Nickleback was Kurt Cobain. I failed the entire class and set them on fire.”
I have a limited time to; write, shoot, and edit, a 15sec commercial spot for mycincylfe. Will air on 64 in under a few weeks. Let's do it.
Don't follow
Judging by what's trending on twitter right now, I guess a National Day of Prayer is a good idea. :)
check with Randi to see if she has a solution
That is so true, unfortunately! :).
#lifevineworks is looking for board members who care about youth on Chicago's Westside. Are there any ?
It's a playoff double header again! Stanley Cup Elimination Game at 5:00pm and NBA Game 3 at 6pm! Happy hour prices from 4pm - 7pm!
I will and I'll tweet a pic just for you!
how is everyones sat going :)
Need contact info for Tom Kelly. Would like to chat with him about universal design. Thanks
Doversberger's key point: data can be a creative tool for telling human stories
To your mom?
If Dr, Martin Luther King Jr. was alive, what would he be tweeting?
In san marvelous for the day... I wonder who rules the town since we left?
Ima beat that pussy up cuz shawty put me to the test
wish you still cared like you used too.
Ramping up for an official company launch and buying domain names like crazy. Dare we purchase punchmfg.x?
Barneys Backyard Barnyard The ultimate mobile petting zoo, we come to your event, parties, reunions, fundraisers. Now offering hand led p
Kinda feel bad reading the Steve Jobs book on an Amazon Kindle Fire thats powered by Googles Android OS.
#WikiLeaks being kept out of trending topics...
great reporting the past couple days.
I'm attending #SWMadison and training for a marathon, too. Let's talk this weekend (or go for a run? nah!).
just ordered a steak and they asked if I wanted it cooked rare, medium or tanning mom.
Two years ago today i married the love of my life Aaron. I truly feel blessed to have such an amazing, loving, caring partner for life! oxox
dang I spelled her name wrong earlier.
Two best relievers in baseball not sharp today. :(
drunk and smart decisions usually don't go together
Congrats to Seattle WBB for making the postseason for the first time in school history. Happy for all of you. Keep the dream season alive!
its been a while. But Bailey looked great in the pen againt the phillies in the playoffs two years ago.
A couple SM's left this month, and radio interviews in the Philippines.
i know myself :P u tryin to tlk now?
Unfinished Brazilian Teak 3/4" x 4" & 5" in-stock. The natural warm tones in this wood blend with any decor.
both are great, but fall short of the golden grahams. Or fruity pebbles. :-)
is beautiful in every way. She's my best friend, and I'd do anything for her. Keep your head up and keep smiling, love <3 :)
Top down, jammin with in her nice little sports car :)
Cheating is pretty much saying, "I don't care about my relationship."
Y does he have to b so mean<U+E411><U+E023>
Aye bitch, we don't do that here.
": Gingrich / West" Interesting...
TY to Kathy Harman for a fantastic program on changing core beliefs, ICF Greater Richmond, icfgr.com
busy busy busy buying and selling notes; any investors out there? I have inventory
follow me i follow you back how does that sound to you ?
103 days to warped tour....103 days until i see and again.....103 days until i cry happy tears
Where the margaritas at???
The best things in life are truly unseen, that's why we close our eyes when we cry, kiss and dream.
If it were easy everyone would be doing it-------->
Just passed me right the fuck over. So tired of that guy.
doubt us...pay the price!
I wanna thank everybody and they mamas for coming out to the Scottsdale store in AZ...Peace
B.I.B.L.E = B: Basic I: Instructions B: Before L: Leaving E: Earth #retweet if you love God ! Remember . . . He saw you read this””
The bruises can fade but the pain will last forever <3
Sometimes you just have to say when. Defeated by Spring 2012. And coughing.
which black & striped one? Can you bring em please I was looking for that shirt everywhere like a maniac <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> & yeah I did <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
Looked at the back of 's head through church and he didn't even know I was there <\3
sounds like a plan to me!
LHP Justin Thomas of the #RedSox claimed by the #Yankees // Don't look now they'll slowly start getting all their relievers.
It's #teacherappreciationday. THANK YOU to #PR profs for ur commitment. Wemiss #SDSU & !
How many African American men have successfully used the "stand your ground" defense?
Delayed in the ATL. Luckily the Sweetwater is flowing freely
hahaha you guys did it?!?!
Monta has become what the Bucks traded for him for.
Ok. I just spit out my water. You call her CJ?????? LOL!!!
I guess I can understand but do they really have to include the brooms
oh yeah! Hahaha actually right now hes on my grandmas coffee table right now! im looking at him as i type this!
Hello world(weezy voice)..way to go auburn
im not really trippin tho cuz that was years ago
Shutout to my 1,000th follower, (:
Feels like my head is going to explode...
Thank you ! I look forward to more great info re women and minorities in the workplace.
Open Field could use more football this year.
making Joel homemade pizza, baking him a two tear cake, and checking movie times for Dark Shadows. #datenight (:
Rounding out a stellar birthday weekend for my dear fiance "#Cirque LA" on Saturday night was the topper. LOVED the
12 hour 10-Min Play Designer Run Marathon Day!
wahhhh, doesn't anybody ever feel
#ca36 does that mean that my hand sanitizer just went up in value? I wonder what #hahnsanitizer is selling for on Ebay
New goal: attend #nerdprom within the next five years
OH i think that was for serious o_O
Any beer releases you guys are looking forward to? Personally, I can't wait to get my hands on this years Mokah from
#WhenWillYou Notice I'm waiting. I just wanna be with you. You mean a lot to me <3
Prom night??
u guys are making progress! Heads up & the right foot to the floor!!!!
Welcome & #RollTide // RT : Just touched down Baltimore what's good!
is my absolute favorite unicorn :*
Why does it feel like im already packin my bags, when i was never officially back:/
sure what's up? :)
Let's trend; Beliebers Love Turn To You. RT if you're in
I wish. It was a restaurant of dirty looks.
"Hey! Ass butt!" reasons I love Cas<3
You should DO IT! We're happy to help you with your website once you've got your Etsy set up.
Remember when we had our nicknames as our usernames on here? Yeah we should do that again...js.
My parents' neighbors just put one in. Great Cleveland move. A 4-season all-star. Nice work, Pat.
Stuff will happen as you create your speaking and info marketing success. Choose to respond positively to the negative stuff.
When was the last time Puck had a story line?
great party last nite @ roosevelt penthouse celebrating bdays for Carly, Leslie and Julie! Thanks ladies!!
ah! me too! :( where are boyfriends when we need them to watch a chick flick with?!
Big day tomorrow. Motivated & Determined.
#firsttimeimet Wait, do dreams count?
So happy for you :)
nothing much. you? :)
Hello Happy Tuesday to you. :-)
can you please help #ArianaDidAmazing trend
Is facial hair yet another sports superstition? I've never seen such a variety of beards and goatees. #Watching The World Series
Me too! Can't wait!!
#FilmMatters - I love the texture and life of the image and not to mention; the post production process is super friendly.
Devin scores the and-one in final seconds against wade to end heat winning streak. Sweet!!!
Do the Coyotes have a goalie or a brick wall in the net? Holy cow. What will it take for the #Blackhawks to score?
If it wasnt4U i wouldnt be here 2day dreaming of what i want2do,being in ur spot right now,i know u wont see this
thanks for the twitter love <3
it's working, we'll take it!
The epistles were never intended to be read by people who were not taught the gospel beforehand. Which why so many churches exist.
I could do without Mondays!
good just been busy
That was a question...
he's perfect <U+263A>
Chess tournament training session this afternoon. How many of the 9 ways to draw a chess game can you name?
Has a great time at the Fairfax County JJ last night - it was fun to watch Dick Durbin show how it's done.
RT BTW love Facial Hair of Note board. Mentioned it in my blog post re museums on Pinterest...
Cant be any worse than underground poker club bathrooms.
I do not feel good
No bailouts, no handouts and no cop-outs! President Obama
I lurve it.
Mom "Now schools out, you'll have all kinds of extra time to read some books." ... ... ... BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA... Fucking no! Skyrim
Yay I can go get food now. Paisley is NEVER kicked off of my lap for any reason. She's so spoiled.
can't say i don't take care of my special lady!
YouTube Adds Additional Monetization Options For Live Streaming Publishers
Stuck in zone b, kid. stop spreading lies. how united our country was funny my berry. bbm rules.
love avi T
#IfYouWereSmart you would never change who you are for anyone!
Okay now watching first 48!!!! This lil b*tch bouta tell it ALL!!!!
damn g
Wish I was laying out right now
helped with small business liability insurance in a fast and timely manner.
the widow password and router password are different. Try to log into your router cont...
I wanna go back to Universal Studios so bad.
lmao...that sucks..lol...we now know where you are 0_0 just kidding
can you hear us?
Its nice when you have Tom Brady as your fantasy QB when he throws for 500 yds and 4tds...hes an #animal. lay of tom brady haters
: Found a box of what in your room???
NUN..JUST WAiTiN FOR QUE TO COME HOME...
I missed Peter Murphy this weekend, but I did get to hear Peter Phillips conducting the Tallis Scholars. A surplus of gorgeousness...
Do you think blind people say "Out of sight, out of mind"?
I'm drinking captain & coke..
Damn it is scorching outside. Never thought I would actually want to stay in my office.
lol or animated zoo animals trying to escape to africa
Just took a quick break outside. Is it me or is it muggy outside?
hey maddie!(: ive been following your career each year and watching you improve! i'm going to miss watching you next year!
Haven't been on my laptop in a week <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
you should have said hi!!! Next time!
Nope, we think sometimes taglines just confuse people and pigeon hole businesses.
Thanks! Stay in touch Ryan!
No problem!
I need to hear WAY LESS about Digger Phelps' prostate.
Filming today and tomorrow in a featured role in an AFTRA pilot presentation.
oh to be young and in love
awe come on man: I did FOUR games last week, screaming from the bleachers! :)
prolly should. Considering all the stuff she has.
bring your mother to a dance class this week for #mothersday at #RhythmaDance in
ugggggggggggggggggggghhhhhhhh i really screwed up
O my god the moon is so bright!
thanks for a fun night ladies!!!
haha nah no prom for me, im only a junior lol
Jeremy great to hear your coming to the session, I'll let Jen and Cindy know to save you a spot in the front row...ha,ha,ha!
Thanks for doing Baltimore radio. Nice memory on the Dallas Clark (Corey Ivy) catch. Rex's Timeout was the right call. :-)
Excited to have some conversations about trauma-informed care for women at today's roundtable!
yeah Benner is all stoked and HE has a ticket somehow Should most def wager!!
Good news comes in twos! Looking forward to finally working with you, and congrats on a knockout nomination year for the FPAs!
haha can't. stop. zipping.
Ugggg sore tired burnt out
are you guys already at home in bed with headaches? Cause we are!
Yeah, i think I'm falling for her .
It's hosted by the student radio station and the teams have headquarters in basements and sleep in shifts. So fun.
Good idea, it's mostly for children's sake anyway (which SHOULD be the mom's name). It's nice your mom changed her name. :)
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful mama's!!
Just heard Todd and #Flames used in the same sentence. Don't. Just don't.
well it's 12.21am here so nothing really just chatting online
craigslist > discussion forums > haiku hotel
#ThingsThatYouShouldKnow I will shoot before talking so make sure you make your threats wisely
haha. I made it out of Georges apartment alive at least
This day needs to be over.
Mission accomplished! :) Glad it went over well, I was thinking of you!
Going to AAUW It's My Vote training for Illinois today!
Willingness to change is a strength, even if it means plunging part of the company into total confusion for a while. -Jack Welch
"If you only saw the potential, I see in you."
You're a pro. Just like your mom.
tried to see Jack&Jill but the projector broke b4 it started. It got 0% ratings so I guess it was a sign. i'm still sad tho
I don't know why but I'm sad he's going ...
Gosh. Is it worth it to wear shorts today?
Why did I just find out that was at Spin this weekend? :(
“: he's cute too! You have a Facebook?
Stockings that are purfect to wear to Wit's End Saturday night to dance to
please follow she is you biggest fan!18
absolutely....it's the holidays.
HIT ME UP PROMOTION COMPANIES I HAVE THE WATERPROOF BUSINESS CARDS AND FLIERS FOR PROMOTERS GOOD FOR POOL PARTIES, BARS, LOUNGES...
These "flagrant elbow" calls are a joke. Terrible rule. Really might be one of the worst rules in college basketball. Forget lane violation!
Reali? Megan good in a horror Film One Missed Call lmao -dead
are you storing cum in your mouth?
Apparently I am in touch with my inner zombie :) Nice reviews!
Yayyyy! Cannot wait!
seriously bro don't beat yourself over it!
RT : Ca sends out first audit letters for 2010 #tax returns, checking "head of household" status
follow us for a complementary facial on your birthday. Beautycallla.com in home or in office.
Had a great cheese steak and now feeling guilty?Up to the keynote speaker of today and back to california. was great for
Yes. You can. RT : I can sleep when I'm dead.
haha that's the best congrats to you
RT Leadership requires checking your ego out at the door!
Something I had nothing to do with & I'm getting bitched at. Over the date & time of burying my brother's ashes. Seriously?!?!
Sorry that you're not able to make it. U can follow the tweets at #hive11 & watch the post-con videos.
#meandyoucantdate 'cause we met in the club.
The #1 song on this day in 1982 was Abracadabra by the Steve Miller Band. They're groovy.
The awkward moment when the old guy doesn't have candy in his van.
We shall see. This is gonna be sad.
I hate getting spam dms....
In some African countries, it's more common to have a cellphone than a bank account
Whatup chi-town! Thanks for the follow!
21 where is the party at ?
U guys are childish never displayed this on tv
Dig That, Lets Make It Happen
If my poetry aims to achieve anything, it's to deliver people from the limited ways in which they see and feel. - Jim Morrison
#Amerks with a stick salute before leaving the ice. Tough loss but a great season here in Rochester.
Most important development from Miller Park this afternoon? Taylor Green picked the Kings to win the Cup. I picked the Rangers.
Lol hahaha :) RT : shot, I'd follow him too ;)
hehe! Fair enough. I do love math.
ha!! U know Matt? He doesn't run SF... Ask him to do his Julian Casablancas dance
I have pineapple rum. Super delicious!
Imma be in bitch mode tomorrow..so no one take it too personal
It's "Top Chef" sans the interesting personalities, difficult challenges, and talented contestants?
It also won't be filled with trivial fat free sugar free food either.
We are looking for politcally-themed submissions for our upcoming issue. Free print copy to anyone whose story is accepted!
the song made for his mother >>>>>.
"Commitment leads to Action....Action brings ur dreams closer."....Thank you baby jesus!! =p
Ash is working on her new song at Gravity Studios today! I am seeing Felix Lee Lerma, psychic-medium!
And Primo & Epico don't get a rematch? #Pass!!!
Those look awesome :)
I need to. Call me sometime soon!
LOOKING FOR A P.A. SYSTEM FOR MY BAND.....ANYONE? LAST TIME I HAD A BAND I WAS USING 2 PEAVEY COLUMNS AND AN XR600 YEAH ITS BEEN A WHILE...
"ain't over til it's over" by Lenny Kravitz goes well with red wine and habanero & lime popcorn. Thank you make westing
Why can't I find a dolphin fan that wants to go to every single game with me! Lol! Ugh! Is it just me?!
WOO! 134 Followers in a day.S/O TO ALL YALL PEOPLE!!#TEAMFOLLOWBACK!!!
Played First Note Music Hall last night. Everyone was so welcoming and fun! Thx for a great time.
My first tweet from my new phone; how exciting! Well, exciting for me at least...I think I need to get a life!
Audrey says going to Sun Studios was better than horseback riding today... Ive done something right
Life is tough. Why haven't you congratulated the Caps yet?
nice to be alive and well on the "new" Twitter!! where are we?
i really hate the heat now
Occupy Wall Street is finally trending in NYC.
Switched Epic's website over to a new server today! Working on a new social network app for Epic. Think it could b cool for CG's!
Calc and bio finals in the next two days
Just feel very disingenuous getting into NHL. It is just not that cool, in my opinion.
I think we need a Home Depot for the human body. Let's do everything DIY!
If you're ever in the Cherry Creek section of #Denver, check out Pasta Pasta Pasta for lunch. Beautifully authentic
That just made me question if you're straight or not..
everyday we hustling
Pineapple salsa is too good
Eh, not sure if he's applicable--Duncs isn't known to be dirty, stupid and dirty as that move WAS.
Eclipse came from Visual Age for Java
created the 'location' !! Check in! We're all here partying without you
and aren't bad either...
I used the term "blowing your wad" in reference to spending a lot of money at a meeting. Common phrase, yes?
The holy grail is to spend less time making the picture than it takes people to look at it. ::: Banksy :::
sorry, there was a typo on our website, it will be out THIS august!#MyGerms RT : Im excited for August of 2012!
yeah man, the password is.....
Independet Artists across the USA choose Musicalstop.com as their one stop shop for artists marketing materials
A need for education to be "permanently beta", says Yes! Continuous improvement!
Back Once Again..Feels like i keep repeating myself
#ImABelieberBecause Justin is not just an inspiration! He told me to never give up, to believe in my dreams! And his music makes me happy (:
Great D on Allen tonight. Tough loss, I thought you were going to win!
Can someone invite me to a party so I can wear this sexy ass outfit?
Why thank you, that made me smile :)
Arabic Proverb~ To the pure all things are pure.
#YouCuteAndAllBut all the mixed signals are not okay. You either like me or you don't.
let's do it! every night is a #karaoke night, but mon/tues good for me.
A2. Pyramids of Giza. Preferably when there aren't a horde of people about.
Matt Moore > Tim Tebow
The thing I like about twitter, is I can post shit all the time
you were doing what? Ahaha.
I think my boy Jeremy Lin needs a new suit from
I can mail u a spare copy if u send ur address via email :) or I can scan it ..might get more readers that way...
Today left me needing a hot shower, a bottle of midol, a bar of chocolate and a fat bowl -___-
any stops in the Philly area???
If you want it put ya name on it!
Ian Bell's Seattle Confidential on 5/14! Few seats left. Theme: My 15 Minutes of Fame. Feat. Michael Patten, Imogen Love & Evan Mosher.
hey man, im on hallo now... please follow me!!! would love to send u a message!!!! btw iam friends with
Banks and credit unions to offer cash prizes under new law - Baltimore Sun
everyone i wanna talk to is either busy or too far away :/
The soundtrack to iCarly is not good
We hope that general service will return on Monday.
bring pau up to the podium to shame him. what an awful effort.
ONLY ON 12: Home video moments after a Clackamas mobile home explodes. I'll have neighbor reaction & details coming up at 6:00!
I Didn't Even Know He Had S Girlfriend . I Guess He Keep It LowKey
probably just 'til tomorrow morning. At a thing downtown today.
If U cant do it right dont do it at all
I forgotten how my system for ranking numbers for five number lottery games worked. I figured it out last night. It calculates "goodness."
Go #jay hawks!
Have fun Sinitta! RT : Can't believe it-filming out of town so will miss the show!!! Will watch recording! Enjoy!
I think that was a typo lol Ive never seem a car made of nachos lol
Put us in your next follow friday and we will send out a mention Monday just for your support!
Passive distance.
Oh Cause I Was Getting Confused Cause They Said She Was And Then They Said She Wasn't.(:
you bet!
It will take him where he wants to go!
Thanks for the Richmond music CD from #SCMRVA. Finally got a chance to listen!
When you tackle adversity, and you will, meet it head on. And be grateful for those problems, because the alternative is unthinkable.
Tryna teach deeZ girls how to roll.
All votes appear to have been counted. At this point, Kloppenburg is up by 204 votes. But there will now be a recount.
Is it true that Curious George is dating 'The Hangover' monkey?
Anything you permit (good or bad) grows and it will boomerangs on you.
this makes social so relevant for all sports, and really live events...DVR loses value if know results
Use your Nordstrom card at the Rack. You can also use Nordstrom Notes® and make payments to your Nordstrom account at any Rack store.
lol brb this fat kid has to take a shower!
About to leave for school woo -.-
John Eager Howard died today on 1827. The MD born Howard was a Revolutionary War hero, 5th Governor of MD & a US Senator for his home state.
I <3 ! So excited for halftime.
Thanks for the tweets. Let us know if you'd like beta access to PeekAnalytics.
OMG OK IM COMIN SOON LOOK FOR ME
who cares about the NBA finals when the Brewers sweep the Cards and take over 1st in the NL Central?
Smh #PrettyBoy RT : ' I think I dress pretty fly...u know my #Swag on a
It's not about the "brain freeze", it's about the magnitude of content and Perry's ignorance with that content. Bush 2 revisited.
There will come a time when you believe everything is finished. That will be the beginning. -Louis L'Amour
are you guys coming back to st. Louis??
"Be gentle. I'm a rental."
Just booked my Hangout weekend! So stoked!
No Body Dies A Virgin, Because In Thee End Life Fucks Us All. <U+2665>
i'm super excited about taking out for his 19th birthday this afternoon! crazy tomato and toy story 3 here we come! :)
Why wouldn't they? It's stable. I've not used 7, but Vista blows. Heck, all HP business PC's still offer XP.
RT : - looking good. Nice work.
Interested. Need to chat sometime.
Just wait until I get the new hottest chile Trinidad Moruga Scorpion! the ghost chili wings are crazy delicious
I wish I never met you. I wish I never said the hello, that changed everything.
With all due respect to Steve Vernon, his articles show he doesn't know much about what clients want or what's available.
Here at Musee D'Orsay and Wondering what wines Van Gogh, Gauguin and Rodin enjoyed most?
And don't forget about the Il Barone Reserva :) I wouldn't mind having a case of that for
Just under 3 months away!! Do you have your team signed up yet!? #outdoors #triathlon WILD CANYON GAMES June 4-6
My mom, dad, cousin, and grandpa are playing Wii fitness, my brother is at the gym, my grandmas on the treadmill, Im there sitting.. eating.
#FF - (Thanks for following me!)
Major congrats! Stayin' in Cville, too!
damn u fake ass why would u make a fake page dumb ass trick
I made a quizazz to post my one direction fan fiction on but I don't have any followers and idk how to really use it...
your very welcome
I hate sports and I hate crowds, but I am so proud of #Indy right now. The world needs to know what a great thing we have here.
I can taste the pesticides on this celery.
Goodnight sweeties!! Sleep well!
People who don't use turn signals don't deserve to have a car
how am I supposed to let someone love me while I can't even love myself?
Some people playin' some casual Warhammer40k come join the fun!
Looking at Facebook for the winner. Congrats Jermaine.! <U+2665>
Is it possible that speculations about businesses, products and services are detrimental to the well-being of consumers? Yes!
#fact RT": Tits > Any other word that ends in "its""
Lost my phone charger.
Nasty ally oop!!!
Such a great day with her like always!!:))
RT : I still say we shld just put Obama at the border & let him bow as ppl enter illegally.
iPhone 4S looks pretty sweet. Was hoping for a brand new design but the tech specs are solid, so could be time for an upgrade
About to finish this packet for English
yea yea! im telling you they're for real!
Tonight's movie: To Wong Foo, Thanks For Everything! - Julie Newmar, featuring Patrick Swayze, Wesley Snipes & John Leguizamo
Nothing ever works out in my favor.
bored w/ out my bestfrend #lonely:(
only in AZ never at Lambeau. It's high on the priority list though
by a little bit you guys get anyone else
I know I'm messing with you. It's good someone can find a job around here
It is impossible to witness the everyday miracle that is music, and not believe that humans have souls. --Me :)
My #Indy friends, if you are not already, you should follow & ;)
“: Nick young to the clippers lets go idk clippers gone go hard” really??
I just want to watch movies all day
That's a very spammy tweet right there.
not gay marriage but homosexuality is mentioned numerous times its one in the same.
Yep, True Grit's getting a ride home in a broken down old vehicle of Michael Douglas's - Money Never Sleeps.
Awesome, Carol!
Oh cool. iTunes is asking for a password I set up in high school. No idea.
Thanks for the shout! #Hamburger month
No best friend of mine would ever get with one of my exes!!
Buddy Story opens Buddy is a struggling NYC musician touring the northeast with his pet turtle. Buddy's neighbor Susan seeks an opportuni
same night
Guise, you suck... Cause that last tweet was complete sarcasm
Just got a huge order of wings in for Thursday Wing Night. BOGO wings 5-11. Let's keep it classy and enjoy $1 off Martinis 5-7
OH: Damnit.. now I want to bowl
- Trane, McCoy Tyner, Elvin Jones and JImmy Garrison will get you through it.
Sweet, Central Machine Works in Austin is helping build a "pennybacker bridge" structure for the Homeless Coach RV -- THANKS Mike Bennett!
It seems the Capitalizers have spoken. A new AC cover needs to happen!
Haven't been tweeting a lot lately
Here I come manuscript. Beware if my red pen! I'm like Rocky, only less-sweaty!
Well i take it back #xfactor Melanie Amaro just sealed the deal ! Jesus what a voice.
I just add it your other page
Follow the GOD of orange soda!
KGO Beer Fest only 24 weeks away - not long at all :-) Beer is great!
holy crap #bills signed Vince Young today
you made the pork before the fish?
I love all the social media facts you're sharing - thanks! :)
best news for publishers: they're countercyclical
lol wow, *tomorrow
When I can't go to sleep at night I don't count sheep, I do a thread count.
I tell you that until heaven and earth pass away, not so much as a yud or a stroke will pass from the Torah - Yeshua
How can we finally get a grocery in Holy Cross? So disappointed to hear that your store is headed to Marrero.
Thanks for the follows!
Going with to get her tattoo!
Passed the test(: this girls getting her permit!
need to develop your circles so more people that join should be worth the time right now its starting to grow
was confused by that. Huge yanks fan? Do they even hate tb dunno?
who got it?!
two people have mentioned that!!!!
Hello! Kupoz offers your business FREE mobile media marketing. www.kupoz.com Success to All!
Yao Ming retiring. I have a feeling that he'll find a way to make a comeback.
Have you guys started getting ready for our OFFICIAL POOL SEASON Kickoff?
I think it would have been even better if the teams were more evenly matched lol. I almost felt bad for the other team. :)
Just got goosebumps when seeing & reacting to getting the cal at the opening to the
Hahaha right? Thank goodness they got someone so stable & strict like Bobby Valentine to rein them in.
we will get through it lil <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Is Atlas Sound playing tonight? I though they were scheduled for tomorrow—or is that the "hint"?
I will be enjoying a massage at that time
1 Liter of Beer is only $5 tonight at Hooligan's! Miller Lite or High Life. Enjoy! 2017 E North Ave
Hi Karina!! How are you?
This was just what I needed! I believe I can run on and see what the ends gonna be.
We didn't know we had half the police department per capita as San Fran. Who can do a fact check?
Vintage Kobe in action.
can i please call you and will u plzz follow me RT
The last couple days I wake up to my daughter saying "Daddy? Daddy? Daddy?" Sometimes it's the little things.
garbage maybe..?
Has anyone mentioned Sexy Boxers yet?
RT : We are excited to announce the 2012 pace car driver for the #Indy500 will be Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives host !
During sound test for last nite's show a artist asked "Pink Floyd & Philip Glass - what show is this?" Answer - It's !
yu say u got deals all ova the table huh? u need to get ur song mixed and mastered first, wit yah #WackAzz LMBO.
Let me help you with your recent tweet. Hungry, Halloween, and spirits all tossed together make for a great pancake.
Thanks to the talented dancers who auditioned yesterday! There was great energy in the room.
Agreed! We must create strategic alliances with utilities and counties.
having fun in the la la land (;
Thank you Jesus for central air :)
Your attitude is an unstoppable force!! Happy Friday!
Thanks Rupert!! So nice to tweet with you about the neighborhood!
What is your favorite baseball movie of all-time?
Your charcoal animal drawings are incredible!! Do you have a place for them on your website? We couldn't find them!
(charlie sheen show) why did they buy the tickets in the 1st place? Hoping to see a meltdown? Like an accident u slow down 2c?
Still on a fitness kick? Our friends have some great prices on exercise gear!
Oh, that's cool How To Train Your Dragon don't bring your live show to St. Louis. I mean, no one wanted to see it or anything..
WOW WHO STARED THIS ENY WAY
Excited about my lecture at Swarthmore College today. Looking forward to spending time with the students & hope they will run with new ideas
Have you looked at using Contactually?
wtf is wrong wit you niggas?
Want #Free Tickets to See the Off-Broadway show #MACBETH in #NYC --Follow for more info!
I head-butted Mike's bass at the end of our set last night. Self-inflicted black eyes: I'll drink to that.
Forrest Gump said "Life is Like a Box of Chocolates". What if I don't like sweets, do I turn it into Lemonade?
happy birthday Lady!! In sorry we missed out Saturday night. Drinks, us, the guys...soon! xo
Hmm true... Do you want to be my hype man!?
Here at Wicked Carnival, we're 100% #TeamFollowBack. So tell your friends if they need more follows today!
yup, back to giving up.
WTF! Obama protestors getting arrested for expressing their views! what happened to the first amendment of freedom of speech??
Text me
#THATS TH TRUTH WHEN I SAY HOW I LOVE ND FEEL ABOUT YOU
So. Much. Planning. #firstworldprobz Sensation, Spring Break, Birthday wknd, visit in Apr & in May!
As nerdy as I am I just do not enjoy The Big Band Theory. And since when has Blossom been in this show?
Early wakeup and flight. Sorry we couldn't hook up but we'll try again on the next (hopefully longer) trip to the Bay Area.
On the up side I finished wrapped and prepared my brother's and his girlfriend's birthday gift.
very hot gurl ha your funny lol
Jennifer Hudson very nice rendition, what happen to Etta James! Short notice.
Loretta Hunt: Carano using MMA background to rev up film career
Then I might actually put forth $100 for a game ticket!
when you work
The good or ill of a man lies within his own will. -Epictetus
Yeah, I can see how that would have been problematic.
If you are looking for a good restaurant, check out Screen Door.
Sign up for Snippets E-lerts at www.clefnotesjournal.com/subscriptions
"we basically grew up in Alex's house" -
:( It must of hurt!
I'm working on a piece for NJ.
The kitchen is still open and will be til at least midnight Stop in after
100+ passer rating against him. He would fit perfectly : Drayton Florence available if #Lions are interested
Go Orioles! See their star stealer at brianroberts1.com!
just spent 10 min wrestling a paige box into shape & the office classical music playlist spits out a rousing "GLORIA" chorus
do you know of any Holtby attire w Saskatchewan and Alberta flags, like on back of his mask?
finally home! What a fun day in the city with my parents(: love spending christmas money!
boys with Soft wavy hair
A glass of wine with Etta James under the sun.
take a look at thejit.org -- been using that lib for some pretty basic stuff and it seems pretty powerful.
": In California, there are more required hours of training to become a barber than to become a police officer." That is odd!
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. way to go mavs watch out for golden state though
“: Think I'm getting a sore throat oh no. Taking advice of & overdosing on some zinc” good little puppy you are <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
#IWantTpPunchPeopleWho feel the need to shoot others. fukn pussy !!
Good morning! I'm hungry what should I eat?
Yes, she got a suit jacket thanks 2 who picked her up, took her 2 mall, waited 4 her & took her to the interview!
Last night was WONDERFUL!! Got to see my Verses Fam & my big bro #GoodTimes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Printer cartridges can be bought online direct from your printer manufacturer and it makes sense to go down this route
I'm out of it
The fact that Ron's leaving... Makes mr want to quit Hollister 100x more than I already do...
Crew Love >
RT : #bbcsum12 open access nets need rt infrastructure, starting w duct and fiber. Need equipment that supports multi- providers
I wonder when will be back in Wisconsin next...
Same! RT : for a second, I thought I won something
dude, seriously one song...
At work Studying and Doing My Research for my interview next week
Is that from Carmen? mt Opera trivia quiz show on KUHF. Anyone who ever said boo about obscure KTRU programming: eat my shorts
no problem.. i miss you a lott :( <3
I haven't been on set with her but I don't know if she has or not
Id cap that is SO annoying now that everyone has it, not even funny anymore.
Just keep doing your thang & I'm sure youre gonna make to the big cities!<3Hopefully I'll make it to where you are now some day<3
#Actors! Get your creative marketing on with an ACTOR ONE SHEET. Seriously! They're kinda awesome, like you.
Sunny-- Gorgeous finish to the week! HIGH: 59. Passover begins at 7:26 PM. Clear & Chilly tonight. LOW: 39. Sunny Easter wknd. HIGHS: 60-65.
Our office will be closed Monday, May 30th. Those off to #NAFSA11 we'll see you there! Everyone else have a wonderful Memorial Day weekend.
Eileen. You don't even know.
follow me! I love PLL!
agreed. modeling helps in so many ways.
My day is starting...I have 11hrs to go
Can't save them all..
#PURPLEFRIDAY...Stronger than we've ever been.
Random question of the day. Anyone have a suggestion for where to buy laptops in Dakar? What sorts of prices to expect e.g. eeePC
“: Let me lay my love on you <3 #repeat ” yes ma'am!!!
gimme the links to em lol I wanna stalk them
I'm honestly not too angry about this draft but there were some questionable picks. Looks like we just signed a WR from OSU tho!
put a roach in it!! <U+263A>
it is when YOU'RE doing it!
I just hate the Lakers winning.. Anybody to win the Finals please.. except coach Jackson and Bryant..
thank you for the shoutout i really appricaite it
Hi! Ppl go follow and and we auto follow bck and nice tweets!!!!!!!!!
thanks for picking up my Musings of a Grad Student post!
Did you find your cousin?
Guys, I'm earlier to school than I'm saposed to be. BOOM.
Do you circ iPads? Curious about what you put on them...
you appreciate empire more after new hope
I'm tired of all the bullshit and struggling!.
Earth Day at the zoo. Excited for free gifts and knowledge. Oh, and some badass animals.
It don't bother yall that the President has no/very light eyebrows? #ScandalParty #SCANDAL => STOP!! LOL
Thank YOU! Great time had by all. Def made more fans of
studying for my math test! wish me luck? :)
Going to miss watching ! Enjoy yourself - you've earned it!
Life is about the journey
i just came to shut down my twitter. irl im moving to my gf's house
Ready for prom
Well at least the fact that we are gonna be in Afghanistan until 2024 will guarantee me my commission now probably.
You special fo reel!! and the cadence is crazy!! You from Richmond I'm from NC. You still an indie artist?
good morning!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Ah! Impressive... Although, I think we need to get you a better camera, or at least a proper photographer. :-P
I got this SKOL for you
The best way to multiply your happiness is to share it with others.
Availability is hard! (Let's go shopping...)
So happy to have you here!
shut up ! I'm bathing the puppy ! BYE !
I will try to make it, even though my dance card is a little full tonight. Love the art you guys show there!
I add my AMEN to that also! That's a good one!
hooked on country music lol
Finally hope you have a good day ;) (your last tweet save it for the stage)
Bummer on the hot chocolate, though.
As soon as you stop wanting something , you get it .
Game 7 baby!!!!! Exciting!!!! This is hockey!!!! Wow!
I wonder if still stands on corners, watching girls go by... :)
Yellow is the new white. Semolina breads and focaccia available at bread pick up at The Bridge from five to seven.
my piano won't turn on. umm what the FUCK
You know that 52 years from yesterday we are so getting crunk.
“Love hurts. Boys lie. Friends cry. People die. Parents yell. You always try. You're never good enough,& you don't know why.”
Damn that shit blew my high and I ain't even high real talk
Who thinks BAC (Bank of America) is a good investment at $5.18?
The Antarctic is now CG
i am so happy to hear that... if you chat with her soon.... give her my best
nah this clearly isn't love. I'll get you back, No worries.
Thata good work son.
We'll sleep this weekend. There's work to be done. -JO
needs a roommate. Must be clean, quiet & willing to let use your crapper. No pets. Ghosts O.K.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. - Albert Einstein
After I pay my bills Tmrw I'm goin to treat myself like a queen :) ...nothin better
Here's another product for you.
Twitter anybody? Hit us up -The TV.
Forecast for Tonight: Partly cloudy in the evening. Then becoming mostly cloudy. Lows in the mid 50s in the downtown...
First modeling job was a success! Pictures should be up soon!
Ray Bourque is in the house watching the #Bruins!
is at the Shamrock Club's Easter Rising Mass. We almost started at 9.30.
It was a terrible call though. I have never seen a player the size of White be protected like he has been tonight.
xo. Youre coming to the meet and greet?
boo your selection! but i dig.
i want you, not her, you.
Study Dynamic Web Content with SMI #eyetracking software - learn more at the SMI booth at
People need to stop blaming their problems on other people,and face the fact that they're in the situation they're in because they're DUMB.
The burning building is where I'm supposed to close on the refi of my house on Thursday morning.
just a question i didn't say it
That's because you haven't eaten Gabi's... soon, perhaps?
Move deaths that made me cry: Spock in Star Trek II; Optimus Prime in Transformers; Bambi's mom in Bambi; Simon Birch in Simon Birch...
On the "Science of SEO" webinar #SEOSci right now with and over 9,000 attendees!
yeah way more effective it's not that bad
Offering 15% off out line of custom scrubs (check out the new designs!) Thanks for following us!! Coupon code: USAUSA
at least Friday has some funny parodies. Like the Canucks version.
Picking up my cap & gown today x)
We want to know: What is your favorite Thanksgiving tradition?
I will not see u first thing in the morning so Happy Birthday while I'm sleeping tweetheart
Wearing down....
Years ago, I met a young super fast typist who told me she must have been a typist in her previous life. I did not believe this explanation.
YAY!! Cant wait for 3/26/13 sea of monsters movie!!!!!!:D
Congrats on being the new FOTM! I bet you'll be a good one & I hope I can get to know you better. :) <3
we taking over one city at a time.
Getting ready to start, we're hosting the Greg Jennings golf party!
Just got a compliment on #Yelp: "You're so cool polar bears wear sweaters around you." I'll take it.
We created Planet Impact Energy to handle all our Solar Projects ...more to come... thks for following
I will NEVER be cool with pumping my own gas.
RT : quote of the day: "Hey guys! I have a ton of carrots!" // it made sense in my head when i said it!!!
Thanks. Embarrassing, though. I need a last call on work. Pace Jalen Rose, nothing good's happening after 130am.
Have a great night and weekend!!
Come by the booth #1503 & sit in on the next theatre presentation starting now: "#Dell Cloud for Solution Series"
I love Black Veil Brides. And if you call me emo for liking them, i don't care because
Jackpot, hands down.......Jiggy is uglier than sin.
your welcome beautiful.. goodmorning to you also.
Can't wait ! “: lucky you !!!! #envy #imissbeirut”
I found a spanish translation to love enough YES :)
The Mets blew two leads today but still beat the Rockies 6-5 in 11 innings
President Obama picked the Lobos to go to the Sweet Sixteen. Wonder if he has ever heard of Car Crafters..... Probably!
why r u sad
bahaha thank you I needed that today
It's official WOWP is over. Congrats to Alex Russo
get outta here
ah. makes sense xD
Everyone at the beach and I'm killin myself in the gym...im not crazy I'm just #Dedicated to being great
Chicago! Yes!!
Everybody fooling today.
Uncharted 2 = awesome
feeling practical, I think the web stack for my next personal project will probably be: ruby w/ sinatra/haml/sass/mongodb/coffeescript
mines to!
Drinking a Central Waters Peruvian Morning...that sadly tastes like green apples. Infection, anyone?
I don't know what says REDNECK louder. Monday night rasslin' or Monday night racing and I LOVE it!! Need to do this every race!
At the Williams syndrome walk, kids rockin the lot with a little rage against the machine, drummer is a Williams kid, awsome!
@ burger king and sum RANDOM white girl juss waved @ me, bxtch ion no u ! tf
He gotta new one
Having a hard time with this broken heart of mine! Thank God for Basketball more importantly the Mavs and Kells!!!
The ability to filter out individuals on the fly (bots, for example) & create ad hoc groups (visualy)
de nada inbox
Rhyme Calisthenics Philly MC's confirmed for the 29th--> What up! Yall Ready?
So happy my parent are enjoying the show as much as I thought they would. It's a family affair :)
The LESS options- the better
So me and were prank calling bars in L.A. last night, sad I know, but one of the funniest things I've seen in a while.
Student initiative for solar panels on univ. townhouses. Report by end of next week. - Richard Payant, Director of Facilities Management
#listeningto Turn To You by :)
#TeamFollowBack aye is this thing still around?!
Waiting on my shoe deal. It seems like everyone else has one. What are you waiting for?
Now you gotta punch a can of beer before you drink it? I'm so out of touch.
An eclipse is just the suns attempt to hide from
Niggas wanna hate on me. Until I tell them to they face, they ain’t no G. Low key.
Come kiss the sun before it's gone! $5 habanero tequila shots. If you're lucky, we'll give you some lime to cut it.
i tried reading into it but 2p2 is busto! :(
account on ticketmaster?
yep. Agreed!
whooppssss... My bad. But thank you. :)
Nathan from the wanted is really cute :}
thanks for the recommendation... as the father of a daughter, sounds like something I shd read
Am i getting anyones attention?
No punts for Mastay tonight
Enjoy the big bang, and july 3rd fireworks from roots decks. new cocktail menu debuts next week.
A1: Can we clarify question? is it who in a co. is/should be responsible for customer data? or is the ? different?
that's why you only have 1000 ??? Right <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Yes, and I don't like it! But then again, I dislike change of any kind.
is that what u do? Lol
You're welcome, and thanks for your great presentation!
happy anniversary you two love birds!
Play our games for discounts on yogurt! If you come in with this word jumble solved today you get 50% off! The word is "cigma lehsl"
happy to be aboard!
Anything can (& apparently will) happen in 2012
: my pussy game so cold that he always seem to come back(:" Is daht right ? lol
playing a set Tomorrow night at E-string 6pm. (Sunset and sunset closer to valley verde)
BBC1 is on the old Rosie channel. Just thought I'd let you know.
Bode Miller wants to return to US Ski Team for 2010 Winter Olympics. Miller has 31 World Cup wins. So there. He is the best we have now
Last game of the regular season for the Winter Hawks, basking in the glow of FIRST PLACE in the division!!!
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf She knew the real me!
How's Texas?
Loveing the play by play of Titanic's sinking but small inappropriate voice in me thought "stop tweeting and run for it"
Dear Orgo gods, please help me through this final and make sure I don't throw up
check us out! We are extremely good.
Alas, #SnowLeopard breaks #Calibre. My Kindle DX will be despondent without the open book goodness pumped into it by Calibre.
yeah right.
Enchanting! A red fox living under the pecans on site of old Mental Health Center.
Big thanks! RT : Best station ever = create station by artist J-Boogie's Dubtronic Science. Awesome mix.
Matthew 26:34 Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, That this night, before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice.
I heard about it on the radio this morning and thought I was back in Oklahoma.
I still will never hit him
DAMN TELL HIM... or Her.
please follow me i will be so happy your so amazing and your th e best thing that haass ever been born!
As strange as it is, #NY1's "In The Papers" segment is a great way to start a day.
Frank Vogel: "This is a huge step for our franchise...but we feel like this is just the beginning of a big run."
S/o my big bro for finally droppin that #finerthings vid on um! The truth needs no support!
This does not include politics. I'm just talmbout the weather! And the scenery.
He said to get at his people.
Notre Dame lucky to be down only 6 at half. Natalie Novosel needs some shots to fall. Let's go Irish...20 minutes to the title!
Need an idea for a Valentine's Day gift? Gift cards from Audible Images are a great gift. Call 412-367-4888 to get one today.
I never even seen this part of pussy town before!
Never call them mistakes, They're lessons. they're there to teach you what not to do in the future..
Lookout World! and I are going to the...GYM!! Right now!
my birthday is nine days before james' and I love BTR.
science homework<TEMPLE RUN
“There are no speed limits on the road to excellence."
Love that everyone hugs it out after speaking at
Transitioning out of it is tough. Take what you learned and use it in whatever new system you're running - hope it's not plays.
BTW the rabbit escaped all the jaws of joy!
I found them through the Underground French Bulldog network of Columbus. Truth...
thanks for the shoutout man!
Suiting here listening to a single chic give relationship advice to a married woman,she'll joining her lonely ass friend soon in misery <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Hath almost ended his life's history: Night hangs upon mine eyes; my bones would rest That have but labour'd to attain this hour.
iEatTheMUFFIN LoveAndGunzx33 you got us with coupons? iEatTheMUFFIN got you with a chimi ?
Sports fund universities too, so there must be a happy medium somewhere. VT has a large library, so I'm happy.
Do you have a "Teddy Bear" story to share? Love to hear from you.
don't do it alisha
Ahh!! Just bought our tickets for our trip to Europe :p. So excited can't wait for Dublin :))
Dust yourself off, Smile, and Try again.....
did you ever walk out to Tool? during the season? Thought I heard "Sober" in there.....just saying a great band!
Does anyone else think that Jack Black is overrated.
Greinke with another killer outing for the #Brewers. Look out NL, he's getting cranked up.
your not my guide, or i'd have been led far astray. Your not the judge, or i'd be beneath 6 feet of decay
Hey! My name is Claudia and you should follow me for twitter fights once a week!(;
Clickers! I want!
Bibby is prob out of breath already
CORRECTION: Marris' record
He sent me a pic to remind me what im giving up...
Do it!! That's why I left
playing #mw3 getting ready for black ops 2!
actually, it's 'Kyle Denlinger, MA in Information Science & Learning Techs w/ an emphasis in Library Science."
Thanks to both of you for a horrible image.
re: TVD: agreed! PS I'm on way to VD territory! Roanoke is just the street from the fictional Mystic Falls!
I haven't decided if I'll let you save my life, or if I'll drown.
I dont be caring .. I anit no pussy ass nigga I'm down for whateva
If u go to WVSU spread the word Kingdom Life Fellowship meeting in the University Union every Sunday 10:30 am!!!
RIP game 3
Hey #Houston, I'm looking for some local #volunteer opportunities. What organization do you support or can recommend?
Q5 Kindle for me but i would hate to implement Kindle use at a school it has been scary watching amazon handled the situation
i know
oh boy im scared lolololol!
BECAUSE romney wanted ALL the money for himself, he isn't willing to share with anyone, probably why he's so secretive
Hey, we should text! Well if ya want. Lol
I <3 you harry
LOB CITY for Denver tonight!!!!!
It's on my calendar!
#BEATLA chants sound good no matter what arena it's coming from.
I'm a White Sox fan, you know, the real baseball team in Chicago?
yes. K-12 public schools in Georgia don't even have recess so they can do more test prep. It's disgusting.
07 Quintessa Proprietary Red. Sweet cherry nose. Hard-edge tannins mellow quickly. Spice, currant, blackberry. Long finish 92 pts
beautiful drive in this a.m. Lake Washington looked like glass. Hope the week holds out!
proud of my big brother ...accepting his first big job offer.
Wishing our security guard Tony a very happy 17th Miriam's Kitchen anniversary! Our longest-serving MK employee!
no I had smith. But I think a lot of classes did Othello. <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
free tickets? They're giving them away all day today every hour on their twitter page!
go subway!
#AllStaff meeting this morning at 9a.
Start filming tomorrow...hope that it doesn't rain:(
A2 Would love to be back in Fiji or Sydney
11:11 I want you to retweet and follow me :) Love you!
Be safe when conducting lab work! Learn safe work practices required and what is recommended by OSHA.
come on with it! Did you see that movie with Cameron Diaz and Kate Winslet
Get out and vote! We'll have the results on the #fox7 after the race tonight.
Vandy kicker missed because he has his wrists taped and sweat bands around his elbows. Don't hurt yourself buddy.
Great job tonight at my home. People love you because you are real, sincere, and the only candidate that cares about SD.
ugh I'm sorry. I'm just gonna stop all together than <U+E108>
I'm at your old job.
you were the bomb tonight from here on in take you time, SON !!!
'I work really hard & I’m physically fit/...When I rule the world maybe they’ll notice me/But until then I’ll just be lonely.' -TA lyrics
thanks for the aloha- have you ever talked to a neurochiropractor? They have a one in Mpls where kids have found help-
45 minutes till oral arguments in the #SB1070 case begin!
RT RT : social media is not a fad. it IS media
People I go to for clothing advice? and
today is my birthday!! :)
Obstacles are essential for success because victory arrives just after many struggles and many defeats.
:-) figured so!
That angry moment when you're having an argument, and you realize you’re wrong.
fuck that! We going out next wkend!! #Underbar or #Roxys!! We out!!
BAD LINDSEY BAD!!
everything is handed to us on a plate
Chris Dede #eli2012 current model is to "sprinkle frosting of active learning on a cake of presentational learning"
Every hour should be happy hour
So I come home and my mom gives me a kitten!(:
Hi Blair, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
It always seems impossible until it's done. - Nelson Mandela
Ladies always follow your instincts 9 time out of 10 they are right!
Bout to get buck wild on thirsty Thursday!!!!!!
oh my
Aw. Be careful!!
oops harry potter my bad
I needed to watch the video to refresh my memory and it reminded me how amazing it was.
and you i suppose
Watching Tigers on WGN, on
i want to be in the big bad city :)
You know you're at a good pizza joint when Italians are hanging out around you. Chillin at 2amys.
Causes of eczema on hands | Baby Eczema, Eczema Treatment ...
but if you get the ones mid-plane, you get more legroom!! Oh ya, use the overhead compartment!!
So sleepy but I must study!! Need #motivation!
Are we acting I Like a couple, I'm just trying to get it straight cause I'm over here convinced that its too early for mistakes
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama <3
lol glad u like it real talk
working on a mixtape my dude, we talked at Envy at the 2chainz party I do beats and I got one for you need a email address
Someone just said Cake Boss is staged. Le throws knife it head~
shake it out head to toe, throw it all together that's how we roll.*
Up and at 'em this morning....looking for ....where r u?
Is it #justme or do I text like I'm drunk at all times?
we here at PK are doing some more work on the network video issue. what's the best way to get in touch for a chat??
There should be a eating contest where you have to eat ONE and only ONE Oreo with the bag left in front of you. No one would win. Ever.
Oh no! My office is starting to look like the inside of my brain!
My dream last night: SD Mayor Jerry Sanders calls me to talk #taxes. This may qualify as a nightmare.
Hate the chatification of , with fake Q&A between host & correspondent rather than pro reports. #NPR goes the route of mass media.
told you lol
Sister bonding time later at the zoo :D Taking out my nephew for the first time ! Leaving boyfriends behind :D
thoroughly enjoyed the Dark Shadows film. If you want a fun movie, this is recommended.
DANNY B gets the goal back and the #Flyers WIN in OVERTIME!
So, I'm about to lead the opening night Q&A with Will Reiser and Phillip Baker Hall.
Stop encouraging that petty shit , her ass doesn't have a life
We'll need his threes!
he'd lose his mind in this house right now.
happy birthday!!! <3 follow?
You don't know how much I love Won the Inglorious Basterds giveaway. Thanks so much. :D I think y'all should give away Easy A next?
it's cool to admit you both like staring at my nips cause I am that dang
#TrainingTip: Mix up your training with other types of workouts, but seek out stairs for most of your training so you're well prepared.
when history looks back on us, people will ask what was so momentous about the new millennium. The Internet. We did good everyone.
RT Best volunteers around! : Hey volunteers. Looking forward to serving with you guys today. Thanks for all you do!!
yeah he has some serious stuff...a good book to read by Amos Wilson on Adolescents and Violence among black boys
now you're just somebody that I used to know..
That NYT story is gut-wrenching...and not surprising at all.
lol, i don't know where you live?
I learned that "everybody" loving something means nothing. Think how many people love "Jersey Shore." ((shiver))
Nice! RT will be open from Midnight-3am tonight giving away free pancakes and french toast.
good evening Mr. Stone. My weapons of choice are iMovie for the Mac and for my PC I prefer Sony Vegas Movie Studio HS Platinum.
Wishing mode :)
A Halloween antho will be SO much fun!
Please help us!!!
But you know I will ALWAYS love you..Even if Im not around no more..
is in #Kentucky for the day touring #Louisville kicking off our latest KTDA project.
too bad we can't score
Declaring e-mail amnesty on Gmail after having achieved inbox 0 (OK 0 + 3) on my work inbox. Goodbye 7,426 unread messages. Won't miss you.
That way I got to watch all of their apperances on that day and listen to that cd nonstop. It was my mom's b-day too so
As written from Clinton, could use becus no mention of Homeland Defense but now just needs a cause!
Good morning to everyone up and down my TL
Look, we know you love Sleeping With Sirens and Pierce The Veil. Shut up. We get it.
I miss you soo much! I'm visiting a sick relative in Chicago, and my fone is gonneeee messed up
Horrible Day Just Awful ! :/
Thanks, love!
“: how was your mothers day” Hey Friend! It was really smooth, it was wet here so me & the kids spent quality x
Al Horford: "Outlet? Never heard of such a thing."
Next weekend?? :))
Thank you to all the #Fishers businesses that joined us tonight.
Woo! Heck yeah! :D : lol right :D we were the best doinkers the three of us :')
Good to hear! Bet that was an awesome show!
Can't wait to read next section of rewrites from ... his next book reads like a blockbuster!
Contemplating my next move. You gotta go get it or get got!
#watching back and stay focus
When youre pregnant people either: - Run away from you. - Talk shit. - Run & try to be your friend.
Im finna go to McDonalds…I'm hungry AF
I can already smell the beach.
At least the person you love didn't leave you, & your mom doesn't have cancer. Be thankful...
The most beautiful preserved city in Europe - like an medieval engraving. And more flavored beers than BRobbin's Ice Cream!
Biggest fail of #sxswi has got to be the printed Times. What is the point? I have yet to see someone grab one.
Happy Birthday - Your a wonderful organization that honor our #veterans, keep up the great work!
9 times out of ten yes
Tomorrow's the birthday of the Waterfi Waterproofed ipod which means Birthday Sale! August 16th only $15 of Shuffle's, $20 off Swim Systems
Morn D . I am still sick . Glad you are better . I am going to be submitting something to your site for critique soon
why is he changing his number?
"There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness." - Friedrich Nietzsche RT
Going 2 sleep now, gotta make dis early money tomorrow
Can I wear my frog suit?
Don't Anne someone's love or kindness for weakness because you know you can get away with stuff. Each time you do the way they think changes
good...been crazy busy shooting a swimsuit line...wish you were closer so we could rock it together. SOON I hope.
#shoutout wish he would #followback...i got a few #DUKIES already #following...is dat 2 much 2 ask
“: Look at Marc Anthony, scouring the audience for young virgin blood to drink #GRAMMYs”
haha will do. right after Harry..
": I've had such a great time at #SDCConf " Thank you for serving, thank you 4 mentoring us
Giving shout outs to ALL who retweet this! We got some new audio coming out and a new artist! :) Tomorrow be listenin in.
RT : RT : "If you don't want to date me-that's fine, I get that, but you're wrong and I hate you."
Seems like the # of PP goals this year, too!!Hawks
Gurls are scandulous and sneaky these days thats y I just keep a hundred and keep my feelings hidden so they mind can wonder
heeyy! So i just watched ur most recent vid! Ahaha loved it :) how are you?! <3
How was that year? What was the most surprising part of it?
hey everybody i havent been on #twitter for a while haha how are you :)?
love you too
Helping people be more resourceful in these challenging, yet exciting times is the key to these times. Check out my book, Panic to Profits.
Halo: Reach - the most frustration I've had from unnecessary deaths and sparse checkpointing since Red Dead Redemption
Leaving Boyle Heights. The Hood.
Recording your own songs is amazing. It's scary but liberating
Merry Christmas from all (both) of us at Fuzz Martin Media, and may you have a phenomenal 2012!
Excited to participate today in SV Regional Economic Forum to learn about how CA government can help innovation economy
It must be very easy to cut class at Bay View High School, as evidenced by all the students walking around the 'hood today.
#JustPromiseMe that you won't lie to me like everyone else <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
2/2 start right here, right now. Pick something your passionate about and find an organization. Your voice is great but ACTION is better.
u too! Try and keep cool at the warped tour...the mosh pits will be pretty damn hot if there is any :)
Yesterday was fun.
hey yall, give a welcome to Lauren Alaina. shes joinin Luke Bryan and me on the My Kinda Party tour in jan.
park is looking good. What's the ETA?
haha it is funny..and most often true<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>“: It's funny how #Aries females have more balls than men.”
my day is good already :}
Hang in there, Tim. Regret is something we tend to torture ourselves with. Be good to yourself.
Life aint about SMOKING WEED & FUCKING BItches !! GROW UP
y tha eff u not following me???? Make me get on dat ass lol..... What's good bro!!!!!!
Unknown: The best angle from which to approach any problem is the try-angle.
Vote for your favorite Orlando Club at www.hgpof.com under club tabsee all the hottest gay places in Orlando on the site
I don't recall this
Home from #SanFrancisco. Had a great time and did a lot, considering the short time I had! Beautiful weather too....it was perfect! :)
Hey, me too!
If you don't like the ones there, vote them out. Oh yeah, to do that you have to vote. If you don't you have nothing to say.
Of course that will change when O finally has one opponent and the campaign really begins.
I'm sorry:(
W.e fine Me and Jiselle will make it viral
i have been (& currently am) poor. Point is that something as trivial as a tshirt becomes worth an effort when it's a need
Good times Pete. Best of luck with the business. See you next year.
How many blown offensive possessions is that? I thought I'd never say this, but just pass it to Neal. Enough hot potato
May the Horse be with you
Rocked hard on my exam!!!!!!! Yeah, buddie!
Ahh! Pretty pretty palomino. I am so happy for you!
Really wanna see the Illinois Best of Photojournalism gallery but none of the photos are loading. Any suggestions ?
are you angry at me?
I believe that does have less Twitter accounts than
As they should with that endowment. A drop in the bucket really.
Chen would rather have taken that one on the chin. #Orioles )-:
Should I put your photoshop on the front page of my eportfolio?
Watching Game of Thrones with Viggle Sun | 8PM | HBO Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Back at you, pal! I thought you made some great points! Is there a particular weekday that's easier for getting together?
hey enjoyed the workshops on #WordPress and #Git today. Can you dm me your email?
LOL! That's fancy ;-)
Deuces, Beebe. It's been real. <U+270C>
Saw "The Brothers Bloom" yesterday. I'd recommend it. Pretty fun characters, in a Wes Anderson kind of way.
Tonight at Honey Moon Tasting Room, The Spencetet, 8:30pm. No cover.
I expect my last words to be "Hey, what does this button do?"
It's become background noise that we filter out, IMO. Some people are very loyal to #FF, but I think it's pretty irrelevant.
You have to send me some.
but frfr I did tell you I was going to prom
Doughty thought Doan had stolen his Diet Coke, you guys. Perfectly justifiable.
Just LOVE planning my outfits by the age of kid I'll see. I must wear pants tomorrow bc a 5 yo will make me play that battle blade game.
haha, say hello to the wifey as she drives the car!
gearing up for the summer ...
yes I will! Hbu
any day works for me! What day works for you?
Thanks for letting us know!
Donna! I've missed you! :)
New stop !! Tomorrow at Kokomo high School at 1:15!!!
God gives every bird its food, but He does not throw it into its nest. ~J.G. Holland
In an extremely awkward situation
to #CUT #senior #citizens & #disabled #SocialSecurity & #Medicare but NOT RAISE TAXES on #Wealthy! #GOP the #FamilyValues party! As if!
Gym Flow...
WE ARE NOT WORTHY OF HER PRESENCE TAKING OVER OUR TVS EVERY WEEK DIS FALL!!!!
you read my mind though!!!!!!
Wow, that was a fast reply! U got it! SO many ppl haven't heard that one before.
cleaning day part 2!
According to CoStar's employment outlook - US will be back to employment levels from pre-recession in 2 MORE years
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers whom I have leaned on already and to the ones I will lean on in the years coming. Enjoy your day!
No, fuck that. I need cuddling.
I love your tweets:) they make my day better. Grazie
TGIF - but mine kind of started last night ... I'm officially on vacation. Spending the next few days in Charleston SC
Going to lunch and need a break.
Kill Devil Hill @ the Mad Hatter tomorrow! Doors open @ 5:30pm, bands start @ 6pm. Kissing Daylight hits the stage @ 7:55pm.
If only Gregory would invite women, not McCain yet again, to discuss.
#ThingsIWantTheMost a billion dollars. With that I can buy all the ish I'm too lazy to write out here! Lol
just as importantly... did you like The Fray...?
One more week (:
Pretzels and cream cheese <3
Feeling old?
Reports from that Patapsco Flea Market has been raided by Feds seizing items believed to be counterfeit, pirated, & unlicensed
Why thank you, Donna.
& change the bus'es oil while you're under there!": RT : Disappointed in 's comments. As a mother
PHAME is proud to announce we're featured on the mainstage at Mississippi Street Fair coming up Saturday July 14th - join us!
No I don't wanna start anything
first things I checked...
Love the post on sunnies! I have a prob w/ stashes of them everywhere-may have to get a pair of colored RayBans!
Wow "must be married or engaged to enjoy this offer." Smooth, Hilton Head
Giving your anger the instrument of words and actions is like giving a child a pile of straw and a box of matches. ~ the Dalai Lama
REMEMBER: ALWAYS STAY POSITIVE DON'T BREAK UNDER PRESSURE.....ITS HUMAN NATURE TO, BUT TRY TO RESIST YOU FEEL BETTER -NPNM -
I am so there for that! :)
interesting - you had me fooled all these years :)))
RT Obama, congratulations on being the 1st sitting President to support marriage equality. Feels like the future and not the past.
yea im down shoot me the info but that whole track rippin do u have artists spotlights on ur station
98% of all murders and rapes are by a close family member or friend of the victim.
Body found off Eklutna Lake Road that of unidentified man, police say.
Tie. Too good to choose!
More Christmas lights set for town - Horncastle News More Christmas lights set for town Horncastle News Horncastle Town Council agreed la
The men women and children the have been killed have not died in vain.
you never text me to plan so don't go there!
With 42 out of 63 correct picks, I have won my basketball pool, but I would've rather have won $600 million dollars. Still . . . yay!
He got that something, that keeps me so off balance
RT Another myth, at least that I've found, that Americans are treated rudely abroad. Never been treated that way.
Nothing for the Badgers in the sixth. We go to the seventh inning at Goodman Diamond with Michigan leading UW 5-4.
Congrats to your mom and the proud daughter!
haha I can dig it, but I don't stay in the hood right now. Long story
"What attracts people most, it would appear, is other people.”- William H. Whyte
Free cultural arts performances starting at 1:00 at The Masonic Temple on 10th and U St.
in a perfect world i agree with you but i have a presentation for work tomorrow and sleep is needed but fuck it IPHONE GAMES
Happy birthday Jeff! Hope its a good one!
now you can take a course from harvard or mit for free...the world is changing and your content needs to keep track...peewaddy.com
worked out well . . . last player to declare early and get drafted from OSU was 1998 and Corey Benjamin to the Bulls.
see ya there!
Ballin without the crew today should be interesting
At least I was already planning on drinking anyway!
Too bad I never called a dumb ass bitch~
RT : My lightsaber is red, Obi-Wan's is blue, Mace Windu's is purple, because he's got more swag than you.
"Does my hair look good"
Yes! Because Kingdom living is more and bigger and better than we think. And I want it.
next Friday ;)
and loving it!
I'm so high I could eat a star <U+2728>
Finding the truth. UnKnownTruths.com Publishing Company
one of my fav photographers such inspiration.
thanks for following(: xo
Thanks OKC Party Bus riders this weekend for choosing the #1 party bus in OKC for their special event making it another successful weekend!
4 hrs :::sigh::: why are the ppl that I would like to hang out with never close by :( lol
Now your just somebody that i used to know
WOW! #NBC continues to try to save the voice at #biggestloser expense. ONE HOUR FINALE? NOT even helping-voice still doesn't crack top10!
All of us would love to hear "Feelin Fine" by J. Crist on Shout out to for this one
Singing One Direction on the bus<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
RT : I definitely will stop by! My sis & I have been talking about coming up soon! I'll let u knw! /\ looking forward to it!
Today's the last day to get into the June mailing. Hurry, operators are standing by!
ready for a meeting when you are ... more to show, more to talk about
On tha road!!!
Thanks Ryan. I'll flip your info to my buddy. He's legit.
#Wyndham owners get released from your #timeshare #contract today!
Every1 follow and check out his new song: Take Flight ! #>legit
Nap was Refreshing :)
Once love is lost it cant be found..same for friendships and relationships
Love this guy! RT : Fake tan. Fake boobs. Fake nails. Fake hair. Tell us again how you want a real man. I'm so very interested.
If someone found a list of everything we googled we would be screwed:T
Contemplating a trip to SF on Memorial Day weekend. Thoughts and others?
Alta Strada has a nice thin pizza & you can't beat the $5 pizza from
Wishing you and yours a Joyous Kwanzaa!
#whataday and the week has only begun
Today I did a total of 24 pushups thanks to the Hundred Pushups iPhone app. (Week 2, Day 1, Level 1)
Live Music at Rocky Mountain Ceremonies | Wild Basin Lodge
"We cannot develop and print a memory." Henri Cartier-Bresson
Last day going to all of my classes!
~6MM kids die of hunger annually. That’s approx the pop. of metro areas like Atlanta, Boston, Washington, DC or Houston. JOIN THE FIGHT!
If every book had a playlist at the end of every chapter to go along with it, I would be doing a lot more reading.
So he told you he'd never leave you...He told that last chick
lol I won't
Thank you #volunteers! Our programs wouldn't be the same without you!
Today is #42 day!! If you don't know look it up!! Here's to you Jackie!!!
thanks Kayla! Hope all is well with you :)
Has really been inspired by a few dedicated fans... Pad and pen in hand I aim to show my thanx
RT Please explain why and retweet my sister all the time?
ur definitely welcome
wow a food truck sounds so delicious how much do they cost:) thanks for the follow and support check out
Had so much fun with you @ Mixology yesterday!! Will he email us the recipes? Oh, & happy Mother's Day! :)
Holy shit we got a 2 hour delay! Never thought this would happen again
couldnt agree more .. btw found out your fromm missouri.. very cool as am i originally.. keep makin great and helpful tweets ""
Congrats "I'll Have Another" & Mario Gutierrez Great race!
thank you
Make it happen! It'll be good to see you. Miss ya. RT : hopefully I'll see you
You're moving to Atlanta right?
I'm addicted all kitchen cookware, bakeware and appliances....next on the wishlist is a pressure cooker. Great way to make tamales fast!
You're too kind :-) Fortunately she likes fiction and I like non-fiction so we don't step on each other's toes
Congrats to Chris Edwards for finding the BLACKDIAMONDSKYE Signed Set List envelope!
completely owned and every word he said was true. Would love to defend him, but Dwayne's been phoning it in.
I told you it would be freezing there!! Haha
religion is overrated, I think if you believe in god then you should stick to your faith and nothing else.
Where is everyone watching the game tonight? #SF #happyhour :-)
fuck u ******* teacher i dont need home work
If sex with 3 people is a threesome and sex with 2 people is a twosome, now I understand why they call you handsome.
“: Thankyou -fingers crossing - it's all about Change. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00AC>” Good luck Puta!!
I love love love my best friend !
Anonymous Goes After World Governments in Wake of Anti-SOPA Protests
wow, I would love to get a table at schwa but I have better odds at winning the Chicago mayoral race
Me too, I was wondering if anyone else felt the same way. If your goin to do it responsive, i'd prefer links going vertically
Thanks for the RT!
i just hit my head on the wall because of this pregnancy desk
welcome back to twitter!! It's an honor to have you as our QB1
Were ALL hanging out this summer. Summer before everything changes.
At #BofA2012, smart phones, social media, etc. is prohibited. Any audio, video, photos taken ... #BofA owns rights, can confiscate.
Leadership in today's world requires far more than a large stock of gunboats and a hard fist at the conference table
"You should quit. Quit traumatizing women with sexual intercourse. I should know, I'm a medical doctor. I own a mansion and a yacht."
I am thinking broad ripple or bubbaz on the south side next time..new faces different places :)
congrats! I knew one of these days you'd actually stick with it! Remember summer '06?
make her 17th birthday so memorable! This would make her life! Please! Please! Please! P.s. your amazing :)
Today is a Hulu day... I sense a lot of updates.
Looking forward to the #CrazyWeeks ahead
This morning, #Coldwell Banker #McLean pricing team is previewing some beautiful listings we have coming up soon!
All I want for you Christmas is you...
#transverse A little dinner at B Bar and now dessert cocktails at Dorian Gray. Thanks to great friends for celebrating translitmag's bday!
No joke. First time here!
now your speaking my language lol
<3 what people write 4 their Twitter profile. Found a new FAV from "Don't worry, everything's going to be okay. I'm a librarian."
Ann Romney's dress looks like blood splatter
I love you and your #spinster ways.
NOW I choose to do my Spanish project haha
re So Shore to Grant Pk: EASILY the best. Has that "up nort" feel right here in the city+GREAT views of Lk Mich. Runner up Beerline
we're totes tweeting during tahoe, right?
Victoria Stodden & I outlined paper today: Trust but Verify. How to combine scientific and archival notions of trust and reproducibility?
...with a twist of '86.
This year has been quite a handful with all the ups and downs, but there is a plan and purpose to everything.
Yes YES YES <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
: Tulsa Studies in Women's Literature is now on Twitter!
NBA is 75% black does the Jeremy Linsanity of the Knicks phenom say people want to see another race succeed in the NBA breaking stereotypes
going at their heads like hair in a comb.
eh money can be made at anytime.
Watching Happy Birthday to Me for the first time - I'm hoping I can get over how much I disliked the first kill.
dude dude dude... I JUST SAW A BLACK GTR. =D . THAT MAKES 7 GTRS. ITS A SIGN BRO...
I laugh too!! Cause it tingles too!
What is your worst personality characteristic?
so jealous
how full are the servers cause i cant login i get error 37
Jonah should bring back his famous haircut back from couple weeks ago
yeah I'm going to bama!!
Red shirt freshman corvin lamb with nasty 15 yard run left the corner holding. His jock
If that's what Twitter elites are like, I'm okay being a Twitter delete.
Pilates this morning. What are you doing today to feel great?
I still have the Loretta Lynn Jack White album on my rotation. He is always so solid.
Sleeping is giving in, no matter what the time is
was listening to the Packer game. Jim Irwin sounds a bit different, but Max McGee is his usual self.
Looking for running club near Brighton Beach / Sheepshead Bay area
Not cool , not cool.
..either that or is in a movie filming up here!
I don't remember the last time i have laughed this hard.
[If you don't have Tina Fey/ tickets, catch her on NPR tomorrow!] RT : Tomorrow: actress and writer Tina Fey
My name is Hubert Davis and for my bracket I pick all of the higher seeded teams to win.
If you love something set it free, and it comes back it's meant to be, if you let it go, and it doesn't show, keep on moving down the road<3
End of the MONTH flippin rocks....SO many hitting their ranks and crossing their finish lines...who else? who else? who else??
cats vs ponies?
miss you pretty girl!
RT : 'Cunt' is a new feminist zine from Australia - it includes a pictorial comment on female nose-picking plus much more:...
Can I just say I am so tired of Marques Johnson as announcer?
Finished workshoping with Executive Produce Ryan Lewis, and booked work on Pretend Wife Monday!
You can never make the same mistake twice. The second time you make it, it's no longer a mistake, it's a choice.
he stabbed himself
I think I may need a haircut.
I think what the Yanks need is a good bench clearing brawl. A real knock down drag out brawl !!!!
TONIGHT: Boulder 19th Ward - The Badgemen - 7 PM Free
Thank god for you and the paramedics. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
The suns out & we are ready for you with hot & Iced Drinks. Check out our brand new shipment of Slap Watches & Quotable Cards & Gifts!
Matt Damon
kids these days
#IfWeAreInARelationship , You Better Stay Faithful.
You can say you've only hit one less HR than Pujols this year. Unless you're Adam Dunn, then you've hit nine times as many.
thank you:)
how sweet :) haha we do need to hang tho. Last time was a disgrace and a bummer lol
while eating a starving homeless person's pretzel knots, no doubt.
My San Antonio Spurs boycott has lasted for over a year now. Now, NHL action before Lob City plays on TNT.
Exotic Animals To Be Returned To Owner&#39;s Widow
me too! Hope I can join. :] well goodnight Ariana! Sweet dreams love you so much :*
Lets go Dale Jr
Thanks so much! It will be fun tomorrow. Actually, I want to show you and Mom. Mom would describe it as "Jazzbo"
Alice Veterinarian Launches New Animal Hospital Website - MarketWatch (press release)
lol. I believe u. Ima be on it once again 2maro
slow start..
Let's go ! L.A. all the way <3
I've been good.. been working.. tryna get outta town.
Sweet potatoes: They are like vegetable candy.
I agree. I wish KY produced more elite talent. UK fans live vicariously through Kentucky kids playing here.
Hahahaha well if you know me for anything its being conceited hahaha
there's one in almost every big town lol! :) they're all over america
do you remember which ones you liked?
Me, yes. probably not. Doubt there will be much shop talk. Mostly trivia, eats & drinks.
yess I know lol and TCC almost done getting my business associates :)
Just kidding....
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me!
We don't wanna be together but we hate seeing each other flirt with different people
I'm pretty sure I walk into walls all the time never on purpose but because I don't pay attention to where I'm walking. xD
Hope it is going to be a good one
I feel so sorry for the Trayvon Martin family. Everyone is talking about it. Even in the grocery store. Zimmerman must be arrested.
By all means. I will bring it to the next event.
Damn...HUGE flop. That is why I hate flopping.
Holiday sweaters are very popular in OKC, especially at Panera Bread.
How R you lookin today Ladies?! We have specials! #Salon & Full #Barber Home of the $75 #weave #braids Full Grooming Shoe shine 510 8321100
Very excited to meet my new marketing team at ALM today!
Im funny! My evening is great. I just had someone answer the phone "who the fuck is this?!" Me: "the bank."
And it's been awhile since i've been on so please refresh me with your name so i can remember you! I'm so sorry!
Good Morning! What is going on this week in your World of Financial Communications?
Waken' up with some orange juice & blarin'. What a great way to start the week.
Future Gains in Labor Must Come From Hiring - Bernanke
Everyone checkout YouTube/2originaltv
RT 3 more weeks of classes
“Every time I read our old conversations, I realize how close we used to be.”
we love you more.
RT Edmond,OK Infant Swimming Lessons will begin in Oak Tree on June 7th in the evenings. email for info
Went overboard on lunch, and going to have to up the workout somehow tonight.
Wanna Sing With Me Right Now? We Can Sing Say Somethin' ! :)
#HintTheSexIsWACK I'm imagining fucking someone else
RT : Where did other folks find the wine and how much $? Yokes $16.98
Got it, 10-4 LInda (MM)
Decisions, decisions
Hipster geologists like lava before it was cool (cooled into rock that is).
yeah I work at 6Am :)
But it's especially bad when those decisions are out of character. It feels forced.
My dad's pal named his dog Whiskey. We got a kick out of a rural Wisconsin farmer going outside at night yelling for WHISKEY
James Harden better start using that fear the bear correctly to make Metta World Peace his bitch tonight
Had a goal to procrastinate this month but never got around to it. Oh well, maybe next month.
#HighBloodPressure Americans Aware of Functional Foods , Don 't Eat Them Enough Survey : Americans Aware of Functional Foods , Don 't Eat T
The cluster feature in #googlerefine just made quick work of some sloppy data entry
And likewise to you! Have a good one!
I am not a Funkateer.
Fight (and Terrorism) Club
looking forward to meeting you on Friday.
sounds like an experiment that could be plan for next freak fest
I'm singing follow me everything is all right.
Some girls think its cute to pretend they're stupid. Just stop.
most people have never looked for something like that, then how many of those companies have offices based out of Vegas or DC...
On this Saturday, I ask you to tell the world = who #GodIs and what is He to you?
I'm waking up to #MADONNA's new album, my 1st listening through, my spirit is awakening like BOOOOOYYYAAAA!!!
do you have an official facebook? im so confused! haha xx
please follow she is you biggest fan!88
I like Ron Paul's integrity & abhor his policies. He puts the lie to Rs who say they want small gov. If it were true he'd be their nominee.
unless I get insanely bored prob won't watch. No one like you , , , on to root for!
Nice to meet you and the family!! Let us know when we can get together and do this again!!
how the fuck did we give that one away
I need some inspirational books to download on my kindle....
they could call it "Sir(i) Isaac Newton"! perfect product from "Apple"
Guess so. heh. I've just signed up for OS X in history is gone i should check out?
yeah sure :)
If you're gonna date a girl and then make her feel like a worthless piece of shit, you don't deserve her.
Mike Sager wearing reasonably sane suit tonight. SOMEBODY MUST HAVE GOTTEN TO HIM
i said professor-fave, not freshman-girl-fave
#ThankYouMom... for everything! Love you!! <3
what kinda music you listen to?
mass effect time
Shit I overslept... -_- last school day I can miss of the year so I might as well live it up though right?
NEXT game is April 6th vs Iowa. Who's going
Thanks for the follow! We look forward to working with you. How did you hear about us?
The new lime cucumber flavor of is the best flavor they've ever made. #2 is orange. I'm sure everyone agrees.... ;)
Elegy for Young Lovers was incred! Jarrett Ott, Sarah Shafer, J'nai Bridges & Alize Rozsnyai were off the hook. See it Sun!
Smith: most academics (87%) at funded thru state support and tuition.
Glad to hear the captures went well. Keep up your tweets and keep us posted on how things are going!
Just passed my 3 year old Twitter birthday... Avg. 0.23 tweets per day. I think that is totally reasonable. ;)
Tomorrow as long as people arent celebrating bdays we shall do cupcakes & see Cabin after I get off work. Sound good?
woah! im doing the same.. While eating Mexican!
Spread the word! There are only 7 days left to join the Y and pay no join fee. Get into the Y today and join the movement!
Thanks Nikki. You made my day special. :)
hhey Ron rock on! having a big moon party 2nite drinking blue moon look at the moon Ron its good luck!
Let's go Ducks!
Looking for pet-friendly cabin or lake house rental in #FingerLakes area this summer. Any suggestions?
+1 RT : T3 To clarify, were talking about moral obligation, not legal/economic obligation, right? Big difference
2012 should be the year all investors should start asking their financial advisors where specifically their money goes. Follow me 2 learn.
Thieves steal cords from #St. Paul light display. Find out how charities could suffer at 9:55 on
The young dont know enough to be prudent, and therefore they attempt the impossible -- and achieve it, generation after generation
RT “It is better to live your own destiny imperfectly than to live an imitation of somebody else's life with perfection."
Going to the park with my mom and sister :)
I want to play handball like we did when we were kids
Remember when you used to laugh at people that tweeted "I'm just sitting on my patio". Now, I'm holding a protest at....Geez! :)
Have they received it "officially" OTA or rooted and installed it?
did i win its the islanders
Hearing updates about identity projects VIVO and ORCID at
How's it going, Splashy?
29% of battery
had so much fun last week at the shoot ;) glad to see u again
#GBIF_PID Not streaming anymore?
I lovveeeey you alot. i know u get that alot but youre the sunshine in my day.
Pauly D will be on the air with us in just a few. PXY is bringing him to #ROC Mon (6-28) on Lawrence Street at East Ave starting at 7pm!
I always do dat then feel sum type of way after<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
"To die by your side is such a heavenly way to die."
Well son of a gun.
yes, she moved in a few weeks ago. We need to go out again soon!
are you gout I bdubs with ileana tonight?
idk bout that dude meehhhbee it was just lorena herself or maybe itzel...... our friend i think she has ur number from texts
Sometimes telling the truth pisses people off, which is part of what makes the truth valuable.
Oh thanks.
best living poet appearing Austin Texas Barnes & Noble on Brodie Lane in Sunset Valley area Aug. 22, 4 pm. In New York I'm booking flight
Jack sorry all we need is a killer guitarist to learn yours & my songs- hear anything-maybe can pull off still
starting the week with a head cold..not good!! I already have enough going on in my head...lol Happy Monday to you :)
They tore my shirt off, they tore it off my back, and I was being whipped on my bare back, Confess! Confess! - Ahmed Omar Abu Ali
The last day of #WorldConcrete. Stop by Booth #S11927 and say hello!
Cockiness by Rihanna is my jam
#Donohue, Centuries of June. I set these mysterious storytelling women aside to savor and then gobbled them at one sitting. You should too.
For enduring success, embed goodness in practices and people, not personality. 0210
Big Time back to back buckets by J.Wise to put the Jam up 107-102 with 15.8 seconds left in the game
Haha well! I was making my bed at my dads!! And we all know I am very clumsy(: and I defied to be lazy and make my bed with me laying on it
June and July on my mind!!! Music, Germany, and UK! BOOM! BAAAAM! POWWWWW!
wahoooo! Send me pics. I'm gonna try to come lata.
Please help us spread the word to students.
<<<Peace God! What's today's math?
Happy Administrative Staff Day!
Oh hey look! New profile pic for the playoffs!
We didn't get it! Lol
Oregon Sports Authority CEO Drew Mahalic will be the guest tonight on Sports Sunday, on KGW TV right after Sunday Night Football...
I'm sleepy.
got to sleep in today.(:
Hi Hi Hi. The semester is almost ova! Get Ready!! I can't believe you are
Emergency medical delivery test went well, officials say - Minneapolis Star Tribune
Now people want what the movie was about, which is violent comedy
I'm the only white boy here that hit his dougie correctly.
So sad to hear my dear friend had to put down Libby today. R.I.P. my little libbers. We love you very much.
Totally sore and sick today, the stupid machines alarm was going off all night, doc said it's normal.. Wtfever
“: How old were you when you got your first kiss?” Probably about a minute or so.
might be! Are you folks out on H tonight?
How do get more followers? Im trying to be like you!
Been spinning all day! Live show tonight!
The Mission Impossible movies are the best movies ever!!!!
When someone smells good, it automatically makes them more attractive ;)
Yea. I would like to visit the mt again soon.
#Amerks need to make something happen on the powerplay. Colbourne to the box for tripping.
Go Blues go!!!
Those are the tweets for Wednesday, April 25, 2012. Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all again tomorrow!
": Women can go longer (without sex). Its a proven fact." So what does that say about all the brothers doin time?
FACK. #metropieceofshit bro i did TWICE
Not really what I was expecting.. but, okay.
IM UP LATE WATCHN TRANSFORMERS I,
Okay: Bodemeister wit, Alpha place, Gemologist show. So want to pick Take Charge Indy...but alas.
Hey #Mke Twitterers, does anybody have a "thing" for 1960s classic cars? Know someone who owns one? We're looking for a contact in the area.
My attempt at working out was a fail. The treadmill is broken
Sometimes people surprise me. :)
Fly free in the sky with me
Best recent moments: sweet heart deal w/god-awful cable company ends, thereby creating easy excuse to cut it off.
I hope Mayweather gets beat worse than Spiderico in Rocky.
Spring is def in the air of nyc, the sun comes out and the hottest girls flocjk
“: Why wish it were easier. Wish you were better.”~~~Somebody Give Her a Book Deal on How 2 Live Your Life
I can breathe today for the first time in weeks!! Thank you baseball gods!!!
We did a mini-marathon after the 3rd episode. Love it. Favorite new show.
Whose happier than Donald Driver that he moves on to DWTS finals? WISN-TV which should earn a killer rating for next Monday's shows.
Thank you much! Look forward to checking out your photography...
We hold hands while I pray that she's not the type to hold grudges... I'm wrong.
I agree, but there are a few new places listed that might be worth a look. Madison is a beer capital but depends what you seek
That it is. Good luck.
If you're squirrelly and you know it, swish your tail.
Shit you learn when you have nothing to do in DC.
Lots to do today. Lots already done. Way to start the week!
Peter, why aren't you a follower of the House of Junko!?!?! if you don't you suck~~~~~!!!!!!! xp
In today's workplace, time equals money. Save both by trusting your corporate communications to ScribeModerne!
Shout out to being for one of the most consistent people I know.
Can I get a RT?!
So many sports enthusiasts in #VanWA! Pleasure to meet with yesterday to chat about baseball. Are you involved in #VanUSASports?
I hate that I love you
those things are not organized. Didn't even know it was going on
I have a new follower on my Twitters! What's up, (PrivateTeacher)?
love having loong talks with my bestest fran she understands me so well and can talk on the phone for foreverr (:
So slow in the office right now I'm actually considering starting a research paper for a scholarly journal. Anyone got a topic to explore?
Enjoying a full on Curb Your Enthusiasm line cutting moment but it's 2012 so I will be zen and not scare the crap out of entitled NYU girl.
David Stovall is gonna get cats in trouble at their universities! Hilarious. But he's right. And he's standing on principle.
lets go to taco bell!!111!!
the world ain't ending anytime soon!
Straight Up, You can Make Love to the World or You can Fuck It.
Just drank my medicine & daddy is Home :)
not today. I went sunday. I heard it on the radio in between meetings. Going monday night though
Brb quitting my job so I can go home and watch and you now SO THEY CAN CALL ME <333
Hahahah that's perfect for you!!!! YMCA is your jam!!!
lucky bitch -____-
Watched "Life as we know it" LOVE IT
I'm pretty sure they dislike me more than you now lol
making some Tea... want some?(;
That SOMEONE is one hot genius! Listen to her!
Always go the extra mile it pays off
Someone once did something similar for me, I loved it, especially the chocolate lol
Is it possible to practice piano playing without a piano? What do you think?
Thanks for a great night everyone! What other stops would you all like to have on the pedal mill? We want to expand our bar options!
Done, Done and Done
Our last speaker, Emory Thomas (after noting that no historians have been named Time's Person of the Year) nominates Robert E. Lee.
Happy Holidays from ConnectedMedia www.Connected-LA.com www.Connected-NY.com
Aw shucks, thanks Mike. :)
Chamomile tea, yum :3
looks like you lost some weight.. good call. nobody likes a really fat
Bout to hop in the studio
Featured Artist Daisy Hicks on Talent Showcase Radio www.TalentShowcaseRadio watch the video Million Years
thanks lady :)
A3: The build up is nice, but if there is no recall of the brand then what are they paying for?
: microg is like drinking, lots of fun but prob not healthy for you in the longterm
i've tried so very, very hard to like him. you know he's gonna b around like eddie murphy now. i'll put him in the same box w/TP
#wellsfargo #fail #theft : Wells Fargo just 'stole' almost $1000 from me through a ridiculous exchange rate. Can't wait for
to funny!
Heyy, I don't know if you're going to get this tweet, but is your phone working? Mine isn't.
Are you watching #universalsports and the WC Super Combined coverage?!
Pet peeve: Experts who manufacture demand for their own services.
I'm the whole thing. You niggas two percent.
hahahahaha well i dont hate you at all i like other but mostly madison lols
CBS cancels CSI:Miami. But David Caruso says "They didn't fire me. I quip!"
I don't question the integrity of refs in any pro sports league besides the Try to fine me David Stern!
haha no :P
dead serious.
Good morning. I've had company & have had some things to go through lately,hence the lack of tweets. Will be back to my usual nonsense soon!
WHOEVER IS GOING TO AUSTIN'S CONCERT IN NYC GENERAL ADMISSION MEANS NO ASSIGNED SEATS
I'll see you in Albany !!
Almost halfway through the #Monday!
you will be happy and never go back!
Past midnight riddles are enlightening, though troubling. We should not gaze upon the horizon with superfluous envy, but seek it.
Doing Marketing at the Gold Dust Days in Gold Bar. Smaller market, but good people.
I don't watch hokey but
Google+ is still a thing?
thx for the intro!
our pleasure! Happy you had a wonderful time!
Thank you for this video, it really helps people to understand these disorders
RT : Without God's Spirit, the church simply can't be the church.” <U+2015> N.T. Wright
P.I.'s think everyone knows about the government when they really don't.
I TOTALLY AGREE
I am getting to the point of being done with them. Just gonna wait for flat file treasure day
The Count is an event.
": You say "friends with benefits" I say "Sexercise partners"."
If you could give a menu of digital project tools for a "museum artifact & explanation" what would you include?
Today we're flying down to Dallas for Bowl Expo. The show starts tomorrow and it should be a great time. Who's going?
Judge Won’t Accept Guilty Plea in Online Poker Case
Someone...for the love of God...invent a toilet seat that stays up while you're peeing!!!
- She Just wants to do My Nails nd i diddnt let her thts Why miss Vaalenta Be hatenn ":b
Go see and pick up your tower yearbook at the Bell Tower from Tuesday until Friday between 9 and 4!
Chicago ed struggles: longer day, merit pay, remove class size limits, guy the contract. Senate bill 7 takes away seniority.
This tweet is for I don't talk about you guys a lot- only 22 times on here xD
Juss got home from modleing club.
good..cant complain..gods been great
O the liquid nose marsupials… gotcha…you need that double ply tissue for all that….
I don't wanna brag, but I'll be the best you ever had #johnlegend i don't doubt you for a second
I am listening now. LOVE it!
Never let your praying knees get lazy.
Don't you just hate when you can't sleep. Is anybody else having that problem tonight?
Seriously though. It baffles me that I went to the same school as some people.
Doing a lot of great shows in March! Kick starting this month at Jon Lovitz Comedy Club at 8:30pm. I'm a happy camper, not that I camp.
i am such a huge fan! you are such an inspirational person, you are my idol<33333333 i hope you see this, i love you<3
It is 2012 and i am happy to start this great year. Have a Happy and Prosperous New Year. Remember to Live, Laugh and Love Lots in 2012.
thank you sweetie “: but you looked beautiful baby”
The electrician is ALREADY HERE?!
I didn't think so :) its a classic
Can someone get me a phone number for ? I need to talk to him about starting the season on a Wednesday. That feels weird already.
Need VIP to the night clubs in Las Vegas? DM us for Bottles and Guestlist and avoid the lines!
I love you!
“A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus.” Martin Luther King, Jr.
For a one-time bluegrass hot spot, DC sure lacks venues within the beltway for me to scratch my bluegrass itch
You know, if you've got a different take on it, I wouldn't turn it down!
How much does it cost total to put on this event? Cost of the artists, crew, advertising etc.?
Baseball-sized hail in St. Louis... My mom's car was towed due to damage. , you okay?
On The Road again...Ha! Isn't that a redneck song ANYWAYS
ATL Profile host is live in getting ready for the Red Carpet premiere of !
Clifton Powell was funny as hell on Menace 2 Society when he answered the door when "Andy" came over.
RT : No Thanksgiving, Christmas, or New Year's games for #packers. >> But a game on Festivus! 12/23 vs. Titans!
9 yr old Cy has been on a steady MITM kick for a few weeks. V funny. (Ps, you're kind of a glamour babe)
cant leave cortland yet cus the ultimate skel is still sleepin like always
Hey any new projects in the works?
don't be embarrassed!! Be proud of who you are!
my dream was to have him sign that cd.
The Metropolitan Water District needs to be legislatively retooled. Threatening water rebate money we pay is retaliation plain & simple!
hey what's up? where do I know you from... thanks for followin me :)
I could start bashing every athlete I can find until they block me.
Looking good guys.
My headphones are like my personal "STFU & DO NOT DISTURB" sign... Get the hint?
Have you been reading up on the brouhaha concerning the casting? do a search on Jezebel.
So you know the farty sound when you squeeze the last mustard out of the bottle? I still laugh at that.
Have you heard of the phone stacking game? Maybe we'll give it a go. First person to check their phone, pays for the brew!
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Bullock & Montgomery Counties until 03:45 PM
yes! calories don't count on
Idk if im gonna be lifeguarding not sure if BB would give me enough time to do it.
Fish & Chips only $9.99 all day! Stop in for lunch or dinner. Join us tonight for our video DJ party and pre BEAT KANSAS party! GO BUCKS!
I am thinking about getting a Ford Focus 2.0 LPG for a new car!
stuck in the land of 10,000 swamps...lol...careful there may be flooding from #Vikings fans crying over #Moss's release
I love T-Plush.
Our friend is playing with Norman Sylvester at the BluesFest at 5pm tonight!!! Thanks for the support Sarah!
I mean I like the bitch, I don't love her......
Just got home from school not feeling good AGIAN
Awesome new photo!
Good Morning Tweeple! May your day be filled with goodness and joy
Heath bell is the worst !!!!!!
It's times like these I pray to myself Hoping nothing but to one day Be my true self
We're stoked about the new bands added to the ! Check em out at vanswarpedtour.com/. Hope to see you out there!
Watching 16 and Pregnant . Dam I don't imagine myself with a baby at 16 or right now .
after all, this is the U.S. where whites don't get beat by cops.
1 of biggest hurdles to implement social across enterprise = change management & adopting new behavior
So mad about 's elimination last night!!!! I knew something bad would happen when they used the save! So pissed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
The gorilla may also be nuclear. I don't know. Tigers are vegetables to him.
Chicagolicious now really??? wonder if they'll do a Texaslicious too.
Going to my sisters house soon :)
Hahaha I thought something happened
LET'S GO FLYERS,LET'S GO!!! Imagine I'm in a cheerleader skirt.
Wow, it's going to be a very quiet day around here with all those market-y words cut out.
Tuned into KUFO 4 the KiddChris show 4 the Jack Swagger interview! Kidd is a super fan of Swagger!
Made some GREAT music today with
- you're a Heat fan?
She even made us bring props!
- hey thanks for the follow guys
Just completed my first 5k!
no! So bummed I'm here for a bachelorette party & they are not sports girls. I drove by UNLV cringing & they didn't get it.
Came across the nifty solution of using a switch to store the values as they progress through the for loop. Inelegant, but functional.
Looking for a Sunday FUNday activity? Stop by our Pearl store today at 4pm for a beer tasting with our beer specialist Philip.
you need a guy that will keep things real with you, your love that you vision is not always good for you. i'm a lesbian to.
I have been working towards an "honorary" doctorate for a while now. Im about to change my major to an HH. His Holyness Kuntry Strong. Yes!
RT 30 mins until the Luncheon plenary ft. & IS CEO Topic is social compact
Maybe I shouldn't shop for underwear in class...
Haven't searched for it!
Why is Eli doing his best #ForrestGump impression? Real life Forrest can throw that ball though.
Now Available on iTunes
We better get started with this #OwnYourVote canvass soon or team digi is going to crash the instagram servers.
Join us today at the bridal bowl from 5 to 9 pm north county fair bowling tavern.
will be at 's Ball Ball to feed your faces and dance our feet off.
soon enough. Stay strong <U+270A>
Saw my first pimped out smart car today. Seriously, who pimps out a smart car??
"Boeuf Gras" in New Orleans is the fatted bull; a Lenten symbol of the last meat eaten before a season of fasting.
I will be doing the same thing! Michael Buble, wine and decorating my tree ;)
The Nuggets are embarking on an historic game tonight. May they prove a lot of people wrong in LA.
. retweet . Follow back ? Please
Hung out with another guy last night, hoping it'd help me get over my ex. I fucking had a dream about him again & woke up crying.
I'm attracted to her, her attractive ass ;)
happy humpity hump hump humpity hump hump day!
"Oh my god, they killed Kenny!" "You bastards!"
School keeps me broke little money in the bank
That good feeling after the first run you've had after four days of sitting through plane rides and conference panels.
Can't stop listening to this song. Thank you
our record release show is June 17 at the echoplex...
I've cracked 150 followers! Thanks to new followers
He think I'm stuck and gullible. Keep thinking as much. ;)
We happen to agree! Which cocktail for today? RT every day is a great day :)
Someone in webdev should fill the empty tin in the kitchen with explodinng snakes. Would have gotten me.
So far Braun and Lucroy are the only offensive players earning their $$$$
Ima talk bout my mama nasty ass in the morning, lil freaky ass
Yes, it's raining. Yes, students are still wearing flip-flops.
I miss sharing a pint with you too! I think we have some Ninkasi Spring Reign in the fridge. What are YOU drinking?
RT : Coca-Cola's discusses role of BI in growing "share of stomach" @
Just wanted to get that out there. Be well.
#np Kings of Leon - Closer
Tired of this!
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless the things I say because of this medication.
Oh I am following you! haha you just gotta follow back! It's all good man
im working 8 hrs a day m-f so we can have What we need and
Svengoolie on a grey Saturday. Yeah, nothing's getting done this afternoon.
You LUSH!
Pencils down. Glasses raised.
Instructors response to student discussion brings the second part of the assignment with a twist.
It used to be so quiet over here
its my birthday today!!Can i get a happy birthday?
9 hours of bus ridin ahead
. ah, no wonder! i never made it over to that side during the furthur rehearsals. looking forward to some grate music there.
I hate it when Big Brother Production tells them to STOP singing, whats the Big Deal
WTF! so what about claire ? I thought Jack's dad was Jacob! Or was this supposed to happen? Jack FTL! help me understand
On over Joakim Noahs total points of 11.5 in tonights Magic - Bulls game. His dad was canny at tennis inall.
what if the chats are with dj's - and potentially bands?
There are ways to solve these problems, but a whole body of insurance and law will need to be created or change.
Excited for#stpaddys in
WELCOME TO THE WINDY CITY! =)
lotta work to do in a little amount of time
Welcome, Thomas! What do you have planned for your stay in San Francisco?
Congratulations! RT : Official member of the University of Wisconsin-River Falls class of 2016
Yup I could definitely live with that for the rest of my life.
Is it Monday yet?
$SNPK will close about .70! FUCK YEAH! HOLD ON TO YOUR SHARES!
too tored... To spell :) I feel ya. Lovey youh my dear friend
a match made in heaven
It's Saturday!!! Come in tonight for Live music starting at 9pm... It's a gorgeous day and will only get better!!
it is!!! the chorus is so catchy!
Made Mr. Smith reference number one: "LOOK, LOOK ... The Capitol Dome!"
RT "Once upon a time...there was a girl...who was a late bloomer. Her time is....now. #GO"
No to-go cups OR pepper ?! What kind of establishment is this?
S/O to my 400th follower ---> ! Y'all go follow em! ;)
The NMJW Youth Honor Bands share the bill with the Albuquerque Jazz Orchestra! ABQ Museum 2000 Mountain Road. TONIGHT @ 7pm!!!
if you could patent ideas, we'd all do it and nothing would ever get invented.
Will we need both hands to drink #Trenta sized beverages from ? If so, Knee Driving 101 may need to become part of driver's ed!
thanks! It was a pretty exciting day :)
I hve the first powderpuff practice today with a bunch of girls i cant stand...and im nervous :(
Eight Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
Thus 30 or 42 were served by streetcars back in the day, while Y9 was always buses.
Seems like a good time to shamelessly promote... www.keycommittee.com if you like free music by some good folks!
THE PEOPLE WANT RON PAUL - Unite
Was Good Bra
Thanks to Celebrity Kids Club for hosting our event!
#SINCITY TONIGHT LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT! DUBAI
Thanks for the shout out!
His plan has been better than everyone else. Tax increase for the rich and companies. What have you done?
I don't want to go to French.
Apparently, the Pats take it dirty when they get down!!
Happy Holidays to all #binational same sex couples from the Entry Denied team. We hope your wishes of being together come true soon.
Nice. I would gladly trade all these trees in central Virginia for a distant horizon, a steer or two, and a couple t-poles!
may 10th? one last show before you leave me?
You can also try selling your stuff on #EggDrop and not have to stand outside all day. Try it and tell us what you think!
Opening day can not get here fast enough! Go Cubs!
Some #eyecandy here but the band more than compensates for that.
awesome thanks!
Manning the booth today at convention as support for new partnership.
The Paper Castle charity screening for the Free Arts Foundation for Abused Children....Friday, Oct. 1, 2010, 8 PM. (Sofitel - Beverly Hills)
It's gonna be a long day......
Sequential headlines on the local newspaper site this morning: "Shooting outside dorm rattles U of M campus" "Kids taught to aim high"
Michael Vick< dog fighting
it's not over yet
You're all set! :)
": Tomorrow I will be farming all day in school. Hollaaaaaa." Hell yeahh bitches
#ThingsGhettoPeopleDo Always Late...
I'll take good notes!!
Feeling a little cabin feverish? Grab a drink and listen to live music over at (8p) and (9p)
its pretty hot over here omg this is crazy... Where you from?
follow me plz an thnk u
Works for me!!!
Hate when singers rap on songs, it's a reason u chose singing nigga
Don't be a menace to South Central while drinking ur juice in the hood.
13% of Women Watch Porn at Work
going to try. Now my daughter has a play date. My wife is going to work this afternoon. So it's going to me & my dog hanging.
How the fuck imma watch a movie without popcorn
lol idk bro she just followed me
K night.
#np Everyone falls in love sometimes...
Friend watch and follow #Kony2012 We need to stop people like this.
all is going good Cindy :) Thanks, hope you're doing great!
I'm not a patient person haha and I'm ready for high school to be over.
I recommend for 's Essential Startup Tools list because you can create a complete financial model in a couple hours
is that a big problem out in your part of the world?
hi Derek
: t.youu! Hope you have a nice weekend too.
Just saw #TheAvengers a second time with ! Too much fun!!!!
haha thanks. What're you up to? I almost just bought some fried Oreos, haha.
yeah i been blessed and things is getting way better in my life
Gold Peak sweet tea<3
My Momma Need To Hurry Up... Ready To Go Shopping ! #HappyBirthdayMommy <3
full blown ab workout today
Weirdest person you ever met? For me it's the gradschool guy who went barefoot & then picked his callouses in class.
Thank you :-)
sounds amazing!
I need friends who like to be spontaneous & plan shit like camping trips, boat days, flag football, lol anything but partying! I'm bored!
Homework can wait. Have you been outside?
how's the killington snow? Coming there this weekend and it looks very warm.
Imagining a rap battle btwn Eminem & Romney. MT Cranbrook= Mitt's HS & the school Eminem discovers his rival attends in 8 Mile
Thanks so much! :)
The curse of the white belt still stands.
no joke. 24 hour chinese....
These favourites will make me laugh on a shit day.
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
Thanks so much! RT : Have learned that the May issue will be the last for - sad news. Best wishes to IW staff!
Oh thank God.
why do I always feel lik I'm the disappointment 2 my parents....?
RT : Verrilli: Where do you set the bar to defend congressional enactments? These judgements not necessarily precise
so drained and in pain physically and emotionally that all i want to do right is pray and sleep
Uh oh, I didn't know you have been corrupted by :)
#psycho by
Drogba is floppin like a fish
Work lunch at Comet Cafe today...it is all I can think about.
Each client has an Account Executive with a team of assistants to ensure prompt, accurate fulfillment of any and all client request.
That's a ganglionic cyst. I had one, too!
ah good idea. thanks
he is going????
Chibikart: Finishing Touches and More Testing! | equals zero
what are y'all s thoughts on this ...
Havn't worn jeans in a week i'd be surprised if they still fit
Happy Birthday Sky!!!!! I LOVE YOU BOO BOO!!!! Hoope u have a good one... :)
hey do u know a girl named Brianna burton cuz she said that she knows u and she also said that u live in NC is this true
yeah, she pisses me off!
Dear gate announcer: I could hear you from a mile away but can't understand you. Please take the mic out of your mouth and stop yelling.
Looking forward to tonight's great panel at Women in Technology: Breaking New Ground
I love that I'm attending an event where scientists are the rock star celebrities getting large rounds of applause.
*Grumbles* Boo sale days, LOL. RT you too PJ. Thursday is your favorite day and it's on the way!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
Your girlfriend is cheating on you.
Thank you coffee for helping in the process of making me human everyday
Ricky Williams joins LT and Thomas Jones as only active players to surpass 10,000 yard rushing mark
he's telling us now. But he said he'd tell us by friday
thats not my mascara you are staring at!
First of all.. Nicki and Beyonce are in completely different spectrums of music.. Why the fuck even compare?
Well, thank you :)
You're missing out flying. ;)
Rise and shine/leave the night behind. DREAMFIRST/WHO ELSE? Follow
Wino Wed. Wine tasting all day, happy hour 4-7pm, and enjoy the New food menu.
was up guys sorry i was not on here as much but im back pray for japan
RT : we got cookies saved :)
Avoid negative people at all costs
Feels good to make it happen.
hey how are you..I am a songwriter..m1ould love to speak with u
I just discovered this accessory store by the name of Charming Charlie. MY WORD!
And then I surprise my Bro and nephews with th tix! Game time @ M&T Bank Stadium! Harbaugh Bros against each other! Cooper Bros in th House!
The Over is 7-0-1 in the Buffalo Sabres last 8 games as a road underdog between +151 and +200.
i dont like #MANswers any more and i havent for a while it gets stupid
JUNE 16TH! PINK+WHITE PARTY FEAT + AT THE GAYLORD HOTEL! HIT ME FOR TIX 202-5606264
I've been instructed to avoid sending booze as a gift to agents - there's a good number of them that don't drink.
@ work last nite i had the odd feeling of bringing my gun to work to protect myself or customer. i'm bigwig not fiver so this makes no sense
please do! I walked to little Italy. Took about 45 minutes.
oh yea,tweet tweet Ian sky walker Texas ranger, only on Tuesday's and every other holiday haha
Thanks for the RT. Glad you like it.
can you make the Boyz do their SWEETEST FACIAL EXPRESSION?^.^ please???2
Visit a museum, read poetry, see a play, make music, eat different food -- try something new today. We'll all be richer for it.
AU Hubbs: What's at risk for Identity and Access is unauthorized access, id theft, and limiting access by role URMIA11 #
I saw the prettiest girl ever in the bus loop today that walked by me:] ,but I was too shy to say "hello" :/ I messaged her yesterday doe!;)
Everybody Got The Same Names & Sht
Evidence, studies on how critical multilingual discovery is to researchers?
Yeah, "interesting" is one term for that. Hope you survive!
Dont know how I managed driving home lastnight
Kind of weird not watching the Super Bowl with my daddy <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> but glad to be with my coworkers!
They can't legally play college football
Thanks! Fixed it.
thx for shout out. I'm following u.
Thanks, Chris. My work is such a part of my life I only can only hope to grow from every experience.
Did I really just have to read that?
that is quite the claim. Strong words.
And those of us who are married to ourselves! We deserve a pair or two also! ;)
Thanks for the RT!!
Only one watching...I felt like a voyeur
Yep. Love PBS.
Just did from my personal page. Glad you dig "The Battle"!
Still time to join and win, the current answers are wrong, we will be posting the section
what kind of babies
I actually got lots done! Built 6 campaigns today on top of all of that. Lol
you are quite the superhero
Exclusive video of D. Rose limping into Trump Tower surrounded my friends supporting him.
o okay! thats whats up bro
Dirty dirty dirty dirty dirty dirty sucker. You think I can't get hood like you, you motherf...
"Dinosaurs aren't extinct, they're just hiding."
WHERE U BEEN
Check out Denver.
ha. i guess we should all just listen to the shamans:). see you in a bit.
followed send my name please
Where To Sell Gold Jewelry: Where To Sell Gold ... - Blogger At Large
Having Palm Springs withdrawls. For reals.
Congrats and Kentucky! So happy for you coach!
I just can't wait for ferny to see oyu in person.
no no I dont and y by the teacher
Explain yourself. I thought the final death rattle would occur after ATT gets T-Mobile to rule the U.S. with Verizon.
Dance Happens Incorporated, an excellent free program for Baltimore City kids.
Were are you giggin' this weekend?
Liam still looks sexy :)
Don't bother: our sofa provides plenty of muscle confusion for free. Heard you might be delayed--call us if you need anything.
Try your hardest at something today. Let me know how it went.
The only reason I want all drugs legalized is to see the commercials for them. Lol.
if I was there in time to stop it, I would have played much better music, like Michael McDonald
I did get the cutest baby gift at Target tho, she won't be surprised its from me <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
She ain't gonna bring me down
you lost because you announced that you won. Boom. :)
Jeez sorry I was just showing some love to my idol on IG, and a girl gets mad -.-
so am I! Haha but I just want something new :) and to be closer to school. But yepp I'm just gonna go for it!
Would you be mine, could you be mine...Won't you be my neighbor?
Ever notice that when you start moving in a positive direction, the momentum carries you forward into new possiblities?
One of us will be tweeting from this account during the show. But just in case follow our personals.
#4famouswords The F Is For
are you bored? (:
when i get home.
RT : Sports Emmy for top studio analyst goes to TNT's Charles Barkley.
Happy Chinese New Year from San Francisco!! Year of the Dragon baby!! :D
I joined twitter just so I could tell you I loved your show last night! I'm so glad let me be her guest
Anyone here ever been a member of an internet poker online message board?
Not personal ones
every single thing in the world aggravates you, so not sure why you're differentiating between your aggravations
I like cool funny people , all that fighting and horseplaying move around .
sorry, I didn't see this until now. Good to see you out there earlier.
So ready for the new Hell's Kitchen! I can't wait.
Well... we have a non profit that provides small investments, training, mentoring. and support for micro businesses in Africa
Hey Tom Crean....U mad bro?
sure. What's good for you
not sure how you get into a slimey pebble haha, but when you are theres stop by for lunch! and congrats!
“: Who's going with me in the fountain tonight?!!”
I would wear my #Giveaway to all of the fun summer parties and weddings on my schedule!
is one of the coolest and sweetest guys ever. (:
"I've held the city down for 3 years " -
SUPER BOWL SPECIALS. pizza, wings, beer. perfect spot to watch the game (949)515-9090.
art invents reality...“: Had no idea Nat Geo built an UP house & got it to fly w/ balloons + passenger! t.co/ZBUeZItw”
when you're home for thanksgiving!
lol yeah. Are you in a good mood mow? :D
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way. - Wayne Dyer
Long lines at ! Fraps are the drink of choice today.
west coast yet. anytime soon. no? ok
I can tweet as long as it takes to get home. This is ridiculous. want a big customer?
if I was and what xD
iloveyou GoodNight ... gotta go to Practice 2morrow Probally gonna break every bone in my body ... like i almost did today <U+2665> <U+21A8>
did Sidney Poitier have a stroke?
Hit My Following Limit For The Day So I Cant Follow You : (
QuoteToSpin By <U+E148> Time will magnify whatever u do so even in smallest matters do what is right. RT
everthing is good. See you doing great! I'm enjoying the songs. Nice, keep it up fam.
Did anyone going skiing this weekend? How was the snow?
wishing everyone in Japan a SAFE outcome...
Where in Chicago did you grow up? I use to hang in Arlington Heights. Would go back but miss someone there too much.
My favorite things in life don't cost any money. It's really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time.~Steve Jobs
"No matter how small or big your dreams are. You can still make a big difference in someone's life with it~BAMM."
I just want you to know... Klout says you are an influencer on the topic of "Moms"
i wanna go out for some icecream :/
not sure about this one! Sorry!! #TEDxPQ missed the target for CJ!
your team is going down tonight!!!
You lost me on that one
haha that was a good day today
Just because your toddlers are adorable is no excuse for bringing a double-wide stroller on the metro at rush hour!
WINE TASTING TONIGHT! Come by at 7:00pm to try some Australian Goose Bay
Great workout, can't wait to do it again 2morrow #teamtito all day
I thought the Kim and Kanye stories were rumors. They are really dating?? How do those egos fit in the same room?! Haha
My cleaning lady refuses to give me a mani/pedi. It's clearly in her contract under "other duties as assigned"
Does Miami roll in the 2nd half?
ok I'm on that ok see you soon
How do I create a "Like" page on facebook? I feel like I can't do that anymore...how do I do this? Help??
Saying thanks to great people like you sometimes does not do justice for the gratitude we have for ya!
RT : Props to 's stylist today at the press conference. That tie, that suit, amazing.
Religions trade food for prayer, education and shelter for conversion. The government is moral it asks for qualification.
Beef hotdogs with sweet baby ray's is amazing!!
one time told me to "take a shit" ...shit got real after that. friendship/tourbuddy points deducted.
OUCH RT : 7:00am meetings should be illegal. Notably the day after a #happyhour send off of a pal for 6 months to Alaska.
I like your tattoo
I really want to THANK YOU for helping me out yesterday!! You both have no idea how much that helped me
what did you think? It looked delicious!
awesome man, thanks! gonna use that in my blog and celtic-nation post tomorrow!
My twitter friends rock.
Say hi to Nutzy for me!
tracks form our new EP and links to sites are at www.reverbnation.com/thesweetwater...rock on! let us know what ya think
“: I love my mom no matter what we go through and no matter how much we argue because I know, in the end, she’ll always be there for me.”
What's going on?
shut up!!
it's about as far north as your cold, careless heart.
Carpe Diem is my new favorite phrase ;) SIEZE THE DAY
By the way all...I've taken over this anon account and there will no longer be any gay RT or faux promotion shit. humor with
i'm in; lots of rapid prototyping materials, toys, & media for inspiration plus several media/tools of choice per learner
How does a straight, married Judeo-Christian qualify as a diverse? The dude is loony.
Why do people like peanut butter?? Yuck!! -_-
Please tweet me back!! Me and my friend are your biggest fans!
i was wrong. like always.
Yaah, a shoutout from her would be great. but i've gotten replies and comments from her, im fine with those (:
Breakfast would be clutch right now......
we'll go for a super spicy from Gus for sure.
You are ugly but you're beautiful.
: Cant wait to rock it at Wild Bull!!! 8pm Saturday!!!
RT : Is something big going on with the Cubs? As Harry Caray would say, "Could be, might be, . . . Tune in tomorrow"
IT DOESNT? MIND = BLOWN RT : Until you told me differently, I assumed it rhymed with "beige." All sainthood here. :)
Whenever I travel, it's the rental car counter I dread the most. These guys were professional, patient and entertaining!
I know what you mean, but some people like the social interaction of "I'm here, are you?" thing.
Feel so blessed and thankful! I have amazing friends. Even if I have drama, they love me anyway! Overflowing with thankfulness!
#Quotes: I have spread my dreams beneath your feet. Tread softly because you tread on my dreams.
What channel are the TCA's?!
Long day of classes! Only two more weeks - that means I've got a lot of work to do!
Huh. Trantasia on TLC isn't at all like Fantasia. Not even a little. Walt Disney would be so confused, I hope.
well we were on the same page then..i feel where you coming from...ppl come and go
Everyone always tells me I sound depressed
BLACK. (With chocolate covered gummy bears.)
Say it ain't so I will not go turn the lights off carry me home nananananananana
RT I didn't buy pink skis because they were cute. I swear! #skiswap #yeg || Pink skis are just fast.
Discussing mustache4cash and new event, the big bowl.
One hour till Exhumed Film Fest!
Thanks, Jill! I've been having fun with the blog! Hoffman's talk was great. Were you there?
I'm sure some did mistake me for you! hehehe
Wow, Bunbury can't find a start....even in a reserve game...
I neeeddddd a favor !
It doesnt matter how many times you get knocked down. What matters is how many times you were brave enough, to get back up. <3
Back from a long hiatus...how u doin!?
What amazing weather. Leaving to outrigger paddle on Town Lake.
In Penn hills my phone gets suspect like I can't even send MSGs
Niggas bout to hop back on Twitter
So excited to finally have a CakePop maker-not to go cakepop recipe crazy
Is it me or does Cee Lo Green seem to have excessively short arms?
Awe! I hate you too! Let's die together! :3 ^-^
keep it sexy
Hey what is with new lane alignment going from 794W to 94W? Single lane? Just awful decision to change.
Rest well, MCA.
A feature, not a bug. RT : Sometimes magically switches to French.
its at a school in lowell mass (:
Thanks a lot!
Hunger Games! Here I come!
New assistants excite Deans
I really like this :)
-Wow I ran Out of gas & this nigga came all the way from cary to full my tank.. That's the kind of nigga I need in my life...
Strauch: You knew alcohol amplifies effects of Prozac & Ambien, "yet you chose to take the Ambien anyway." Bronson: "Yes, ma'am."
:D 3-1 I'm so excited hope work is going by fast !!
OH MY GOD! FACEBOOK IS DOWN! ALERT THE PRESS!
Cant stop eating.
NephariaBrown no you my babymamma/sis in law what my brudduh talking bout anyway
My biggest dream? Be followed by Austin and meet him :). Oh, is your dream too? RT :)
#shoutout “: thanks for the follow!” thank you!!
are you okay? Well I guess not! What wrong??
We all love donuts, too! Thanks for shopping at AmazonFresh.
Anyway, anyone going to disney today... Good luck! I hope you get to ride on at least one of the attractions.
12:42pm-1st person to email gets 4 tickets to tonight's Brewers game. Just tell us you want them. Ready, set, go!
When I see you my heart beat faster, my stomach feels lighter, my personality becomes more noticable, & my smile shines brighter.
that was so helpful.
“: Great night with the great and old friend ” good seeing you to bud
wish i could attend. #missingmilwaukeetoday RT : Jersey Party weekend!
note to self: you owe mike carr ten beans.
I love #Vegas!!
Quite a few weeks for that guy.
Need a yummy meal on the go? Call to place an order for pick up! (714)445-0189 Serving lunch 11am to 2pm Tuesday thru Sunday!
Though Paddington Bear gets high marks in Yorkshire for his thrift and skeptical attitude
He doesn't think it's a compliment, but....
my friend is talking about me on twitter, and I follow her.
Hope should be held for QPR to pull off the miracle :)
#Key&Peele is fucking fantastic. Really damn funny.
out of all headphones i give the Dr. Dre Beats a 10 they are very legit the sound quality and bass is incredible
sweety may!! U r sick!! It is official jared should follow you!!!!!!
Dozen more restaurant locations are now pursuing a mobil page and application to increase their biz with mobile users...stay tuned for names
Lets all just agree that it's time to stop covering L. Cohen's "Hallelujah". It's been a great 28 years but it might be time to move on.
weak sauce. Get on my level
ahahha i didn't know you were a United fan either... shit. I'm surrounded by United fans. aagh don't rub off on me...
Getting empanadas from - Atlanta needs more empanadas.
“: I was finally handed a survey at College Park... Sheesh. how am I gonna get creative with this...” just got to do the most...
Good win for the #knicks. Down 3-1. Going to South Beach for Game 5.
The ref. fell. What tripped him? Blade of grass.
is totally my dream guy!!! Oh how I wish I could find a guy like him! :)
Mulcair clarifies stance on pot decriminalization - CTV.ca
please follow me i can be apart of your mara army :D
thanks so much guys!
pretty please :-)
Kevin McKale "Bully Ball"
It is easy to point out the mistakes of others, while it is hard to admit one´s own mistakes. -Dalai Lama
oh I see well fuck them strange assholes
thank you(:
thanks for the support
Beach > School. I think so.
Late night snack run
sun flurries!
Congrats to little brother James Temple... He just played the highest level highschool soccer game in Texas and got MVP!!!
Wow yow guys must all hats me.. I lost 10 followers)":
A landscaper is only as sharp as his pruner- cleaning up the tools on the terrace this gorgeous afternoon
Omg I would love to see u and Justin perform it would be the best u two r perfect
unfair imma high jack your twitter!
Happy Mothers day to all the mothers!
Claudia called me a bitch :/
Scientists confirm limited genetic diversity in the extinct Tasmanian tiger Scientists have confirmed the unique Tasmanian tiger or thyla
The biggest sporting event in the U.S. is fast approaching, SUPERBOWL XLV we still have great discount rates for Rooms check us out
Damn O !
Yesterday I was part of a stunt workshop and today we cast the last lead role for our web series - "Vaju" alias Kevin Deen!
#IAlwaysWonderIf You actually enjoy being that big of an asshole.
hey! check your dm's :)
Only the winners decide what were war crimes
you heard me ;)
Hey guys! started a new #dance twitter account in connection with a dance blog! follow me there!
Ahh, the scent of a whole library. I could have Classic Musty and New Book Smell together in one!
I need sandy feet. soon.
IMAGINE! I love the maps. And I will see you on Sunday, yes?
I want unification. Together, you're a force. Fractured? You're no longer the epicenter of anger.
- well in that case,
RT An empty canvas is a living wonder.. far lovelier than certain pictures. Kadinsky #FineArt Loving this!
several of us thought Seattle SocialMedia Summit
No.. Clippers
I photoshopped some awkward llama on a bunch of backgrounds too. It was weird...
Your kinda late with that
Bartender beat me in dice twice
Happy Monday lady. Thank you and same to you. It is always great to hear from you :-)
has been taking alot of pictures today... I throughly enjoy this... :)
Easy, Olympic Gold Medalist Coach K.. “: Who is the BEST Coach in college sports?”
I want some chocolate but I have to wait till march uggghhh
Honolulu City Lights, huh, Darwin? ;)
thank you. :) i miss you.<3
thanks for stating the obvious hahaha
pray. surrender. trust. ask for what you need. be worthy. recognize your value. take action. pray.
...and everyone thought it was wrong that the Cards only offered 5 years. It was an "insult".
Good try, Denver. Y'all came close.
Bama or Auburn?
We seen a dead puppy on the curb , -___-
thanks for your sweet words! And we all have tough days. It's all in the recovery.... ;)
Break a leg. Wish I could see you in Milwaukee!
Not as of yet. Just chopping up census data at the moment,planning to use for election analysis
Somewhere out there lives a person browsing the internet with javascript turned off
here we go... Joe Cefalu questioning someone's fandom. You got hate in your heart player
same! he's so annoying!
Um the big sign at work fell down from the building. There's amatos in the snow now
Thanks man! The bigger we are in a city = the better opportunities we get in said city.
Very interesting but I was unable to understand presentation because it was not accessible. A little ironic considering the topic.
I have so much to do today yet I'm finding no motivation to get out of my bed...
People plz follow she follows back if you love jb so much follow her
You can tell a child is growing up when he stops asking where he came from and starts refusing to tell where he is going
Thanks for following me, Robb
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer43
lmao they lame af for going through her phone. They going through her phone like she one of they men or something.
So busy lately the only time I have to tweet is on flights via - who still owe me a credit for #SXSW flight to Austin
Terrific. Have a great day!
"you french-canadian kissed her mother!"
Ryan, you have no idea how i much needed this picture. thank you from the bottom of my heart!
I always get cheated, colluded against, experience horrible lag, or misread my cards, when I dream about poker.
Looks like I'll have to tune in. Haters be hatin'. And can STFU.
She want those heroin tracks! RT SHE WANTS THAT OLD THING BACK.....!
it still says 41 minutes for like 5 minutes now wth
Working on Switchvox IAX between different versions of Switchvox today.
THE GANG'S ALL HERE
I better get a big hug tomorrow!
Thx! for giving the magic an apportunity to get something back in return...unlike the other big guy that was here (SHAQuira)
So much going on in the city tonight - what to do?!
I need some QT!
teaching to the test is symptom of the market paradigm. It happens in charters too.
Overzealous marketing & security going opposite ways shouldn't be a surprise. How to move forward with w/smoke etc. is the question.
So the #Jaguars are still undefeated this year ! How about that! :)
do you think I could go with you to check the place out and meet them?
grazie, much love!
been dealing with similar fb issues involving children. They don't belong on the internet.
lolol hunny , that's jake miler .. and his dads my eye doctor .. we saw cody simpsonn
what is it?
LOLOL, I was kidding.
We love music!
‘Abdu'l-Bahá tells his friends in NYC: “so great has been the longing to see you that seems like three months.”
so close
I hope you have a good weekend, too.
A sweat! “: What's the last thing that broke on your drum kit besides sticks, heads or the drummer?”
follow please?<3
I cannot wait to see at Memphis in May Sunday. RT this if you feel the same!
its only temporary your NOT GONNA LOSE YOUR FOLLOWERS,ITS OKAY(:
good luck with that, they always play lame ass shit at proms.
12 points in 56 seconds, wow
Ugh I wish I could go to the wind ensemble concert tonight. Even though I loathe
Cauliflower Ear BLOWSS big ones!!!
Tickled that the very sr citizen sitting next to me in doc's office is engrossed in the People mag article about Steven Tyler. #rockon !
RHP Wily Peralta is expected to be recalled from A Nashville tomorrow to take to roster spot of RHP Kameron Loe.(bereavement)
I will have to check 'em out. I have no doubts I'll like them and become obsessed lol <33
Lunch: Baguette with melted Grumpy Goat cheese crafted by M.
which girl?
My face is this emoticon => :´(
bounce regions in place. yipee
RT : RT : Three things media must do in 2012: actually know their audience, enhance interaction, pay their interns YES!!
i haven't been on for a while. i lost 40 followers. hahah
Seconded! RT : Big THANK YOU to the small businesses & individuals hosting #IVLP this year.
More youtube videos :D with ?
oh ok...It had been pretty horrible here until just about a few minutes ago.
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Are you two dating?
Resolutions are going well, I spent my weekend watching tons of hockey.
Thanks for the retweet!
lol it's alright our towns have character that's all lol
I dont care if derek is the alpha. He will always be sexy as hell... So will & <3
no, sorry. We're playing Austin the 7th and 28th... do you want some recommendations for while you're here?
YES!Best tweet I've seen all day.(:
Voting=done :)
Tell your friends to check out our beautiful #UnionTerrace today and ask them to Vote NO Oct 17-19th in the referendum
yea man. Anyone dealin with music usually gets an immediate follow back
you too :)
Forealll ! lol “ Genesis never misses me :/”
What Is Zurker And Do You Need To Know About It? Not one to miss out on an opportunity to stay in the loop with all things social media,
Repeatedly you reassure me that i can be sure of your faithfulness #Father, that you are my security and my #strength. That you are
RT “: ; follow back !” now following back
are the Arctic temperatures in the library supposed to stimulate learning? #frozen someone bring me a parka!
#ADCDebate speaks of need for progressives in local office.
And that anaconda.
Really!? So you're the person that makes Word ask me that every time I open a new doc. I thought it knew I was a blogger. lol
Windier today in DC than typical Chicago!? Now I feel vindicated for struggling to stay upright :)
things are well, but busy, looking forward to a little time off next week to clear my head
I'm not perverted.......all the time
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach. ~ Tony Robbins
we are working on that sweetheart.
Watching "Source Code" on DVD....pretty cool so far!
I'll take a call! In NYC! Happy New Year!
Not sure what did it to me, 2 spin classes, personal trainer, or bootcamp, but my body is aching at me today.
Specials:Marinated rack of Lamb w baby zuchinni, cippollini onions, roasted peppers & olives
RT : Why La Nina Has Brought Fickle Winter Weather via contributor : bit.ly/Apdi01
lol well she was slowly jogging, and was weari g a black "it could be YOU" sweatshirt. I was like no way! Haha
thanks for the RT, brother!
Are you in #MKE tomorrow night? If you are... #StPattys??!
'Friendship is Magic' - according to a few lonely authorities
Putting doctor scholl's foot slips into my fashionable military boots. I am not above it.
Feels good to vote for yourself. Remember to write in Scott Plantz for Mayor of Milwaukee
I don't know if Joy is on Twitter; I'm guessing not. I'll have to ask next time I'm over that way.
a trip to Vegas to see 1D would be the best graduation present ever!!!
In the 2:00 hour, listen for "Two Tunes" to win a Gift Certificate from Edible Arrangements. 99.9 FM V100 Charleston, WV!
Dark skin boys are sexy.
is in love with the architecture in New Mexico!
Speaking of being fat, I hope all of my fellow Wisconsinites pry themselves from their beer and cheese long enough to vote for #RONPAUL !!!!
Job application question in 2025: How old were you when your mother stopped nursing you?
For great female speakers in social/fashion, make sure u reach out to She is very smart and influential in that space.
I need a job..
hahaha. Me and MAD other NYers.
Newbie wondering where is the discussion re: scholars citing/embedding/mashing/publishing multimedia resources?
The cutest little kid at the bus stop right now ^.^
Woot! RT 76' - GOAL!!!! Kalif Alhassan scores! Takes off a short free kick and expertly chips the keeper. Timbers lead 3-1.
lol lets make it happen. When are you free?
Quit lying. Donna Summer did not die. Legends never do.
: she doesn't want to be the weak link in the Jewish chain & convening w/ other Jews is the most important thing
Side eyes to who has gone missing in my life...
I will forward it to you.
hahah that was my lifeline in high school. No joke. It worked amazingly! Been thinking about doing it again now w/ summer here!
At least he didn't get knocked out. Was looking pretty likely in Round 12. Gutsy finish.
Mornin. Have a lovely day
Attended Campaign Finance Training Session offered by WV Sec of State today ... nope, just interested. I also watch C-SPAN ...
Don bentley
"I have pressing matters to deal with" ~ lady at the cleaners probably.
Everyone! Still have "With Everything" albums if anyone is interested in buying one! $10.. Just email me at . :)
The Book Of Psalms
Intervention by a congressman would probably help a lot
lol no I'm on the same boat with u :-) yet my first tattoo was a Crüe one lol :P
someone DM me ,Mention me or something ! gawd damn im so bored
Need help with a new logo. Anyone down?
Everyone is boring today.
Bill Clinton's secret service detail would be ecstatic to be pimpin' all over the world.
Good Night Twitter!! XO
A diligent biz owner has vision, creativity, commitment & effective partners. How diligent are you?
I kid because I love. Oh, and because I'm a bitch.
Truthfully once you get to know me imma fool...but imma cool ass dude might break bread witchu....#might =]
Ima let that gun spray from monday thru sunday oneway albee had more bitches than a runway
I'm getting my next done at Outer Limits in Long Beach. Lefty's in Orange has good artist too...
I guess she don't wanna talk
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there. —Will Rogers
Watching my weekly dose of awesomeness .#The Pauly D Project
In Orange County all day, possibly hitting up Huntington or Newport Beach with Max, hit me up!
The Recorder is on it!
It doesn't matter if you win or lose.. Until you lose.
' - he did answer questions in my head-why consuming is growing & what to do ()
Thanks! RT : I cannot wait to read your book! I'm a huge fan of Mr. Bratton!
Green hits a shot that he hasn't made all day. Sully misses a lay up. Game
no its not bad I just don't wanna say it...
Very cool!
RT : we killed swag its all about the #POSH now
Prices will go down as we get busier. RT $3 bucks plus 25% of order?!?!?! damn taxin ass
that's not weird at all.
So sorry to hear about your phone and camera! Hope you can enjoy the rest of your vacation nonetheless.
Up headed to the airport with goin to today to perform!!!
it's raining like mad here at the moment. Brings the steal head up I suppose...
Are you going on that?
Listening to show
lets find our four leaf clover! I'll let u find my pot of gold ;)
I find al the good guys. The really good ones, the kind you wanna marry & shit. They're all single, & they're all my friends.
I like food more than I like people. Food doesn't let you down.
Pittsburgh Penguins.. 2013 NHL Stanley Cup Champions. <3 You heard it here first! (; But, good season Pittsburgh!
cont2) So last week I told her that we were "storegoers." She didn't understand so I explained. RT if YOU understand. Hint:
good stuff
Finally home! :) School is Wack!
I wanna go to a party ..
LOL! Me too but it was a BEER!
awww just seeing this now :-) love you
I don't need the perfect person, I just need the right person
- When that happens to me I send them a - $0 - invoice - at least they get the message that I'm keeping track.
Coyotes New Goalie Mike Smith joins Jacobs coming up next segment here on The Fan AM 1060!
When you hear footsteps walking down the hall, while everyone but you is asleep.. #scared <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
LOL! Last week I dreamt I was making out with someone different every night. One dream featured Keira Knightley.
nigga texting me talkin about its on and popping. Smh nigga don't stunt off in front fir a female.
Don't let the battles you face discourage you from your dreams and desires. Feel privileged that God is molding you to receive them. <3
Long hair, don't care .
The $ thing was a bit creepy, I agree. However, the staff was super sweet so it canceled the creepy vibe out. :)
you should make a tumblr about it
aight fool, I'll call you tomorrow night Love you jack rabbit <U+E52C><U+E328>
“: Disappointments are just God's way of saying: "I've got something better"' Be patient, live life, have faith.”
Classic night
Finally got to buy 's newest album...it's AMAZING. Oh my.
But...it's like Rollerball. Without the venting of steam, in sports year 'round, the population would simply go hang Congress.
That was TOO freaking close! O_O
thank u bo..... Party, party, party
i'm gonna get some waffles. (: WHO WANTS SOME? ..WELL, TOO BAD!
Gah it is so beautiful.
Sounds great, let me know your schedule - look forward to catching up there.
I hate you you guys, y'all pricks.
PLEASE, follow me, only click in +follow ;)
well listen it better be real nice cause I did quite a bit of bronzing today.. I think I'm
i was actually picturing him putting on one of those girdles for older plumper ladies.lol
YES! I will need it. Throw me a gatorade.
My sons soccer team, Kometz - Colorado Fusion Soccer Club, is playing tonight @ the halftime of the DU vs UNLA Division 1 soccer game!
RT : How is the British plan to let rich students to buy seats at selective colleges any different from the US system?...
My fortune cookie: "One must dare to be himself however frightening it strange that self may prove to be." pretty much sums it up! Haha
bonjour lovely followers! new updates soon
A lost is a lost. Mad ass.
I am listening to somebody i used to know. Thinking of you!!!
Update: I'm not dead but still hating life. Hey guys sup
Loved it-her quote was beautiful and RTable! \o/
you know... I do nice things time to time for this chick I hang out with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Oh wow! The Netherlands=] Well have a nice day=]
my hair smells like coconut. i like it.
Today field-trip to Capitol Building.. To understand one country’s culture, you have to learn their history.
I appreciate that -- will contact you to take you up on that!
Wish I was heading somewhere this #TravelTuesday! Instead I'll stay in #Chicago - at least it's sunny now!
Even though I have a heart problem, im still going on all the roller coasters tommorow. Fuckkk it
Yesterday was the first day in 2012 that ended with a shorter to-do list than it had begun.
It's a new year, which means it's a new opportunity to step your game up, no excuses, love what you do, keep God first!
RT : Chula Vista Taking Steps To Welcome 'Idol' Hopeful: The city of Chula Vista is making preparations to welcome an......
Thanks for representing those of us who have the attention span of a goldfish !
if you compress it in a zip folder you could most likely send it through sendspace or media fire
it is!! and its only yoga! lol
Going skating today got to nail the pop shvit and kickflip
RT : Send pitches to me for ! MT : We need to see more stories of inspiring Latinos creating change
So much fun last night! I expect to see sing next time
Damn! Hope you had money on that!
Thank you guys for the follow, I love me some pop punk music! Looking forward to your music, check out my Facebook page for mine:)
#Imagine You're on a Austin Mahone concert and it's your birthday. Suddenly, your Austin say: *your name* come here. Let's sing for you
#NLCATLANTA MOMMY BLOGGERS ARE POWERFUL!!!
A prisoner is recaptured after manhunt in Bridgewater
these bitches and better get their little asses to bed
#Medeco - 8th question: Medeco 32 Series large format interchangeable core (LFIC) have the control sleeve in which pin chambers?
Thanks for a whole lot of nothin
African American patients on dialysis are less likely to be referred for evaluation for kidney transplant
Thanks! RT : Thank you for that brilliant speech on the House Floor just now. I admire your compassion...
hey that looks familiar! Enjoy y'all!
we have some GREAT followes. thanks for the support! the mentally disabled need us more than ever. plz help by RTing/telling friends abt us!
We are still looking for a Customer Service/Sales Manager for our Chili Ave. location.
lol your redic, lol. We wouldn't have to have this beomance if some peeps weren't lesbians
it went great:) I had a few mess ups but no one even knew! I loved it:)
Wow, what a mess. Sucks!
Original Chicken Sandwich
on that friday grind, keep an eye on ur girlfriends #freakyfriday #clubdub ?
ahh I see. Just didn't feel like it was the right fit?
let me know if ur going to order so i unblock international payment
you guys Green Door-ing it tonight?
YEAH RAYS!!!
follow back?
Gabrielle Giffords is en route to Houston for rehabilitation. Here is to a speedy recovery
#SMBAustin : Rule #1 I don't outsource my BS.
Some people so fucking lazy! Excuse my language but damn O_o
wow! And what #health insurance IS this?
Ayy I see new...nvm I'm out lol
I just realized, my life is boring AS FUCK! !!!
When Chipotle gets anything close to Qdoba's queso, we can have this discussion.
Taking Dezzy to the docs @ 12:30... my poor baby got bit by something and her face got so swollen... i hope shes ok... :(
It's too nice outside for drama, leave all that alone and enjoy it
Ihopee has a great day (:
Will you PLEASE use that as your blurb on THE END GAMES?!
that's why you're my sister! Lol!!
Gay lovers and submissives don't necessarily equate to friends. You should learn the difference.
bahahahahaha that's too funny!!!
Tupac The Best Rapper Alive , I Dont care What NOBODY Say !
One of the greatest moments of my life. Well, that and when I once called a Paul Bako home run.
Check out our GRANDE tour of from yesterday
Siri, download twitter for iPhone
#sea Using only one word, name something significant about your life today.
Dao doesn't know if a document listing all of the VA's documents exits. "They are constantly writing stuff," He said.
So me and my best friend are on the phone listening to the same exact song. Ladies Love Me. But its the lip sync with (:
Quit looking and go buy something already
So crazy, small world! I've been here (in A3) for 3 years but I'm moving to 11th and B tomorrow.
Freaks camping outside for Justin Bieber at Roc Center.
in da morning , k?
“: #np dont worry,i just found her RT #np I Know But I Won't Tell You. RT : #np have you see
RT : no spiral? I do
Thanks to Sanford, Fl police and prosecutors, justice is being delayed for #TrayvonMartin but it will not be denied. Justice will prevail.
Thanks for the tip.
Just get 499 more. ;)
OH! I misunderstood what it was thank you lol
Happy Passover & Easter weekend #SmallBusiness Tweeps! Enjoy your time w/family & friends!
[4 - 2] The Pittsburgh Pirates scored against the Houston Astros in the bottom of the 6th inning. Pittsburgh Pirates 4, Houston Astros 2
Good ain't good enough.
this urge to be back in Prague is driving me crazy...
Happy birthday, new year!
About to listen to #LeeSmith and #halcrowther at the #okratoopera conference
Your really cute :) Just thought I would let you know haha. Well, bye.
wow! that is a LONG time! Sorry to hear that!
Spurs baby!! :D
You'd think a killer whale would be named Shamu, huh? But JT says his name is Rocky Canyon. First name Rocky, last name Canyon.
Thank you, Joe. I appreciate your timely response. Cheers.
Finally Friday (:
Absolutely! I'm in! RT: : haha, the drop kick?
Happy Mother's Day!
It reminds me a bit of the do/don't-learn-a-foreign-language sentiments you sometimes see.
Fox is opening programming portion of the presentation with New Girl
Hey, it's Kristin, can't wait 2 talk with u this afternoon, loving the results from my treatments !
We're about to hit 2000 Twitter followers! What should we do to celebrate?
Be real to yourself
you really know how to throw a party.
My Starmeter is at 6,247 this week. CREATURE must be doing very well :)
^ The human spirit can endure in sickness, ° but a crushed spirit who can bear?
I want the Browns to win but if they devolved into a Joker-inspired chaos it might be just as entertaining.
I'm jealous! I haven't seen that movie yet, let me know if it's good :)
umm seeing as i had to urban dictionary what that was, pretty sure i'm not partaking in your nasty nonsense
#thevoice Juliet Simms did her thing! But she look so druggy! Dope as crack!
Did anybody pick up the Notre Dame bag by the shotput ring? It has my phone, iPod and wallet in it and i need it ASAP!
Heard at Parenting in Medicine Mentoring Session at #sgim2012: Kids are a gift, not an achievement.
Getting a spiritual alignment this morning :-)
Articulate, advocate, and educate. Alleviate the fear by showing people that it's not so scary.
Our newborn daughter loves jammin' to U2...calms her down during early evening overtired crankiness... have other calming music suggestions?
We are volunteering all day with Cinderella Project MKE as "Fairy Godmothers" to help underprivileged girls look their best for prom!
First night in Zagreb. Discussions of grafic novels, comix and Star Craft coming out over fresh-water beer. I think I'll fit in.
It does sound silly. What am I missing?
Made mommy breakfast :)
WOW. KG always gets away with that call
Wow cody simpson was amazing had a great time on tuesday. These girls are vicious but it was worth it
I wanna go to that party tonight
RT : to live Tweet brain surgery and post pictures on #Pinterest. Follow live now with #MHBrain hashtag.
Had a great breakfast at Blu jam cafe on melrose. So nice to meet new nice people:-)
this neighbor thing is funny. Send her a card that says I know what u did last summer
Beautiful day in DC - take advantage!
Wow! What a fun day I had with Melisa and April. Can't wait to get my Edit On Y'all!
my new talent website is up www.actorsreps.com/blackstar
Last night our high school band played Beethoven
I get that...about thanking folks. I try to thank folks...good point.
Springsteen had song bout 57 channels(& nothin on).No offense, but 1,557 Followers & nothin's on.Not that I have anything to tweet about.
i wish he would, its getting pretty annoying hearing "i love you" "i miss you" "aww,you're so cute" , etc. for 2 hours -__-
Hey #UK #PR Peeps: Is Looking for PR Freelancer to Join Their Team - Email CV's to
Don't mean to sound cocky but I love it when people be like"youlook like a dancer" lol yes cus I amm!
So sad. Makes me sad for her...she's 5 and he still treats her like she's 2..doesn't even know her..#thankgodfortheirmamas!
draw a giraffe :)
The two most engaging powers of an author are to make things familiar, and familiar things new. – Samuel Johnson
believe. #Roseless they still can play.
And once again delivering my child to his place of learning prevents me from lingering here in my place of tweeting with you fascinating ppl
complete insanity is a sign ur moving in the right direction.....
Jar of hearts<3
RT : You always have a place to run to, always. The place is GOD.
Figures they wouldn't have an opening. I've had bad experiences with 4 Seasons so I stick with LyLys as a back up.
I confess... i mostly choose fashion over comfort.
The moment they low balled the Bucks for Bogut, I knew they were going after Howard or Gasol again.
You're not stuck there again, are you?
I hope today will be a great day since I'll be at the Hoots all day... May God be with me!!
": MOBama on Letterman: we brought values of "south side of Chicago" to WH. Isn't that where Bad, Bad Leroy Brown was from?"
i want to go to sleep but my shit load of homework won't let me.
i'm cool. nuff said...
I can see how that annoys you, but some people would love to change cities. Until they talk with you, they can't tell.
Thanks. My daughter sees her moving around when she thinks she is alone, so she's starting to investigate her "territory."
#JavaScript and #CSS support (intellisense, refactoring) is great in 6.9... needs to step it up a bit ;)
I've been extremely behind on emails and messages the past two week's. I plan on catching up on them tonight.
I saw The Avengers movie last night in 3D and it was Awesome best movie of the year so far now I have to see what Battleship is going to do
Not only wine glass, but sliced cucumber and lemon. You deserve it!
When Isaiah's little sister starts chatting you on his facebook and calls you nice and awesome, and says "No wonder my bro likes you" >>>
Do you think they shod hire DoF b4 manager? Seems the logical way since they shld b on same page.
Watching premier of Miss Representation on OWN network.
I can attest to guilt, shame, anger and oddly even some sense of loss having saved someone from a failed attempt.
*SALE* This week ONLY! Need a new site or know someone who does? Hit us up this weekend and we'll get you a custom site built for $500! http
QS usually has a few hotties but beware of the couples......if you see a stud buying 2 drinks, see who he brings it to
Feeling sick but listening to makes me feel a lil better..
Since I forgot bout the shoutout well shout out to
Damn it. I forgot earring-_- fml
where did you hear that rumor?
WHAM BAM THANK U MA'M NICE TO MEET YA
The Ax-Man cometh! Go
i did 2 i actually kinda wanna c it again
I don't want to get older and be on my own
What is with Johnson Wagners mustache? That is so dirty! Looks terrible.
Wondering if Montee Ball isn't thinking "oops...what did I do"..
I wonder sometimes if the interns I've had apply to my agency were real or just random phantoms in search of a place to haunt.
tweet tweet ;) Haha I'm dying to know what you did. She's easily offended ;P.....tell me!
Now THAT would be awesome. Even better: he pulls an Elway and says he's not going to DC. RT : I hope RGIII holds out until 2016.
U chickened out?
& other things ... “: Reclaim vacant lots for urban gardens and Vet memorials// #OccupySoil #OurCommunity”
Educational Sciences! It's beautiful!
Half order Pasta lunch specials start at $6 at Volare Ristorante
“: Speaking of lunch... *taps fingers* ”// I keep asking!!!! I'm free whenever!
I wake up to find that the Jags FINALLY did something right and drafted Blackmon. Omg, yes.
ignorant bias opinions, but who reads the sun anyway.
If you don't risk anything, you risk even more!
Thanks for following Jim!
One thing I have learn today. 231 E Grand Blvd.
oof, to much swag!
I am craving hot tea! <U+2615>
same here Blake! Lubbock popo is hoppin
Don't get caught up in no throne
#Student just told me my #book was "pretty dope" In fact he was almost done #reading "but then I got interrupted."
Many of you people are silly, and I love that about you.
Being back at ball state really makes me miss college!
It is not true that has the highest payout for downloads. pays 100%-paypal fee = 89 c for 99 c sale
Going on my 1st school field trip in {insert large number} years. Can't wait. I love kinder! It's been a fun year.
yea joe angel lol my bad and im not sure yet i wanna go down there though
Twitter must check if were human ,what?
I just want to be better.
Minnie get a dress and bloomers and Daisy just gets a shirt? Mickey gets pants, donald gets a shirt.
Shrimp Risotto and Shrimp Vodka over Angel Hair pasta....so full!
Not only is it a mosque it's a joke
Q4. "Comfort movie" I watch when having a bad day? "You've Got Mail"
I love that I can reach any goal by being organized, committed & excellent @ making priority lists ;)
lmao and I'm obviously DIRTY DAN!
I think you sold me on getting into barefoot running - trying to decide between Pace Glove and Bare Access - thoughts?
Oh no! Means you're listening too loud! Turn them down! You'll be glad you did in the long run!
my hard drive is overheating, overactive, overworked, it's sure to crash soon, the memory melting, oozing out from my sound holes...
Suggestion #3 Control your temper
94th is a little low for Lynch. I would put guys like Darren McFadeen and Steven Jackson below Lynch.
Failure is okay if you learn from it. I seldom see postmortems in academia. It's considered impolite.
Nate's nuts are very sneaky
We are having tech difficulties Contact BCH office @ 585-475-7814 and we can fix. thx
SO DID I! Then, when I thought they may some sort of hope, I read the next chapter and just about three it at my wall.
just downloaded the fun albums i hope arent a waste of money
Ppl ask if I feel safe in my neighb. I tell em no more or less than in AA. I recall a robbery spree when I lived on Miner (NW)
how about cheating and buying tweets?
Congrats. Welcome to the AFCN. Hate to have to go against a #CUBUFF twice a year, but the competition will be incredible!
Damn doctors appointment!
cuz i do not want to go down stairs
if theres one thing i hate more then you, its that i miss you
Before you talk, listen. Before you react, think. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit....try.
Yeah she is serving tables right now :( Sad isn't it? I hope they are able to make a huge comeback!
No. And you can't make me, either.
Trying to change how you eat? it only takes about 1 week for your taste buds to get used to that change.
Blood everywhere!
I hope you're right. I'm sick of that other stuff.
Congratulations to the SCT. The new road from DF to Puebla is beautiful and fast!
I miss you too KK ima have to come by ur house
God I have terrible pillows...
Long over due Epsom salt bath :) yes on a Friday night
...person they would want around. But I'm there. Speaking DAILY in mtgs for parents. Holding ppl accountable. Raising ??s.
it was the end of a photo shoot!
how do you think your magpies will do against the wiz tonight?
I hope liked the bracelet me and made him ^_^
Just went for a great walk!
ALL TEENS! ITS GOING DOWN 2NIGHT INSIDE KRAVE ULTRA LOUNGE! 8015 BANDERA & MAINLAND! ALL TEENS COME OUT & PARTY WIT US!
We had a blast at the Deaddog Barn last night! Nothing like a good old fashioned country beer and metal fest.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JOHN LENNON! (Why isn't a tweet like this trending?) We love you <3
Received the best massage of my life today at Balanced Bodywork. Holiday rush is gone and total relaxation is in! Thx Carrie!
This borin movie
Man I'm good! How ya been man
Tonight is going to get craaazaaaay! Fashion show went awesome! Celebration is in order!
i been trying to fight this cold for three days now...im losing lol smh
it was certainly a twitter-worthy ordeal.
Is #Barca going to pull off yet another win today?
gotta find you one!
Youre more then Welcome Cheri
Big game tonight, gettin pretty stoked.
We dream of ways to break these iron bars. We dream of black nights without moon or stars.
"this will be fun! I've never been evil before!"
At club premier Augusta GA!!! getting Crunk!!
“: Baskin Robbins plain vanilla ice cream is the #1 selling flavour & accounts for a quarter of their sales”
*heavy creeper breathing* lol
you goin down to 4th st?
do u like chicago?
that one was the best one! i never even saw the third one lol
Is orchestrating "Go Go Go Joseph" by ear for the Richmond Youth Symphony. Oy.
live me alone , im about to dump your ass..
Saap was messing around with a ton of women. No one held a gun to his head.At least the 1 above his shoulders
Good answer!!
A Man Who Is The Same Person He Was Yesterday , Must Have Not Learned Anything.
o.m.g. RT : Disgusting RT : We'll spend $7 billion on Halloween this year. And $300 million on pet costumes | ...
Never again. Screw youu
Nice trade by the Bucks if they can keep Ellis..and get Brown's contract off the books this Summer..
- TY for the favorite!
What is it with Wisconsin and heartbreaking kick-in-the-crotch referee caused losses?
I am so glad that I could help ruin it!!
I can't tell if I feel pregnant or just really full from eating.
Rail projects are a go in Illinois, Iowa, and Minnesota. With any luck we can get back in when we recall Walker.
Empowered by intense acknowledgment & epiphany. #gratitude of relief in recognition."
Oh crap...I think I've become a chronic throat clearer. Shoot me now!
Mexico lol...and u?
Happy Veterans Day to those who have served to keep our country safe, and those currently serving continuing the pride of the USA.
RT Per , top +K recipients Baseball are , , , and
Some of these ladies here in Forever21 are really, really reaching. It's like me shopping at The Speedo Outlet.
Matt Carle stinks.
Just bought 10 #MegaMillions lottery tickets
you only like to play Words With Friends if you win! :p
from your first YouTube video I couldn't ever imagined your fame now your amazing & the inspiration in all I do. Thank you! <3
Headaches are not normal. Chiropractic treatments can eliminate them. Usually, there is an underlying cause.
Spending the entire weekend and my best friends house (:
lol really?! im in love with xD
#BusinessDrunk only works when everyone's drunk, otherwise you just look crazy, sad and future fired. Yup, I'm watching #30Rock reruns!
*You Know* that will happen Josh! ... I will come! ... and probably drag Kenji with me! LOL!
Yeah. if my doctor told me I could never play football again, i'd die. literally. I'd sit in my room all day everyday.
I really really really really really love Big Time Rush!!! Can't wait to see them in the summer!! <3 Especially Logan Henderson! <3
Happy Birthday to the wonderful
Chicken cheese wrap<3
ok i bettahhh do my homework... bbl (:
haha the dudes are the AWESOME!
I love the #JADE GREEN EYE PENCIL you sent me- thank you!
+1 “: Nice tribute to #TimWakefield today at #Fenway. #RedSox! We'll miss you Wake!”
thank you steener
Heading to IAD from PHX. Awesome #Kolbe #pgs2010. Lots of great info - more to come.
thanks for the #FF! Have a great Monday!
That relationship you observe, wondering if the guy knows he's his girlfriend's meal ticket.
RT Did you know that Fulton County Commission candidate Joan Garner supports food truck? Pls rt <-- voted 4 J!
The market manipulators working for the fed and Obama have got some leverage and are pulling the markets towards zero.
omg thats horrible
I've met so many men n, it's like theyre all the same...
Hahaha. That sounds about right. And I love twitter. Twitter >>>> FB and it's not even close.
Seriously guys... Not everybody text me at once now
Advantage (or disadvantage?) of working from home - can still work on #snowday . MathSciNet pricing almost ready to go out.
Making music
One legged 3's all day baby!
I buy friends who are dating people monogamously stuff all the time, though...
#Browns WILL trade back into 2nd round to get their WR. #BookIt!
im making flight tickets for to come to michigan, i have a better idea! me, you, robert &austin go to jamaica(:!!
Im usually asleep by now but me and bobbie are having an interestin convo
yeah color print on disc no cover tho,but I know who does a 1000 inserts for $50
Much needed, thanks ;) Back to non-stop rehearsing/recording as always ;)
let me know if you need any mixes on your project.
Come try one of our Award Winning Sauces! Don't know which meat to put the sauce on? Just ask, we'll help you out! (24th & San Antonio St.)
Thank you SO much!!
When I look at the clock when I get up in the morning, the first thing I do is calculate the time where you are
$100 and a hat autographed by Marion Jones for anyone who can name a professional sports team softer then the Pittsburgh Penguins
lets PARTY PARTY PARTY.
Food poisoning. This sucks.
In the car with and hes being quiet :/ bleh lol
Did anyone see that study that found that closeted people were the most homophobic?
I feel like you should mention me more lol
.......... i love ya nick that picture just made my day :) i miss ya so much why cant you just move to indiana ????
Starting class seeing 30 grand of white truffles is a great way to start the day, and white truffle risotto for family doesn't hurt either
where can my team hear your most recent work? They gotta be professional and HITS
Yep, I'll be there. Are you volunteering again or will you be able to attend more of the conference?
No man should NEVER text back "k" especially to a MAN or a woman!!
So I guess don't care 'bout us anymore. No tweets. No emails. No nothing.
no problem!
Congrats! 2 more talent have been requested to audition for a Feature Film!!
i can try ?
LIVE in the mix gettin down real deep on the decks right now on
Tx, Sal. Best to you and yours this Holiday Weekend. RT : SO to and FF
What channel is that Game on?
OMG how do you avoid these ridiculous SPAM tweets?? Ugh!!
You better live every day like it's your last day, because one day you're going to be right. ~ Ray Charles
Bernanke leaves press conference with an unanswered Caps/Bruins question
We stopped checking for monsters under our beds when we realized they were inside us.
I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set it free.
Why the hell didn't I think to tail gate the baseball game. Damn
Ok Thanks
Well... That phone call sucked.
We just received some great looking jewelry!
When I asked my brother why he didnt get his son circumsized he responded "aint nobody got money for that shit!" LMFAO!
Wired World of Sports Episode 5 is going through post production and will be up on iTunes soon
Had an awesome day helping 30 business owners create and refine their business plans. Now off to visit family in LA for a relaxing weekend!!
That's usually how it works. :) The more familiar, the more comfortable, the more enjoyable!
To the dudes driving their motorcycles with passenger in shorts + a tank: The road always wins against skin. Dick move drivers.
Andy Cohen & Anderson Cooper would be the cutest couple ever!
Likewise Love!
I followed! Follow back, please??
I hate those cause I'm up all night
": #Fuckeverybody" where does the line start? Ha. Jay kay el oh el.
I'm on my shit I'm rich b***h
thunder alley tonight <3
Twitter, is a terrible best friend and a hyper buzz kill. She tried to kill me y'all. My innocent seahorse self too...
I made a very loud seal-like grunt laugh in honor of that tweet :)
#quotes I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past. Thomas Jefferson
If you wanna fix things between us, then go for it. I'm done trying.
#10FactsAboutMe no matter what im doin , i need music playin .
Day 200, no cigarettes.
I should really be reading but....
Huge thanks to for volunteering to spread the word about at #ima today. Seriously. Thank you!
Architecture presents so many complexities. It aims to be current while timeless, use materials in novel ways, & accommodate change
#ManRules always stand next to someone at the urinal and offer to shake the last little drops of pee out for him
RIP Dick Clark. The art that would have gone unknown without you is staggering.
You guys I mopped today.
"I felt my tires hit the tarmac; and I felt my soles take to the street."
Thanks so much for the generous post! Alex & Seth
Smh it's sad, I feel like if wiz said jump off a cliff that niggas would contemplate...
I've been asked by a few different people, but so far only one has developed into an outline....you?
I'll get it next time!
Off to go make sandwiches for sweaty demanding college students.
I haven't tweeted in a few days. My sweet Mom has been in the hospital. All the prayers from everyone has helped her. Thank's to everyone!
Still sleep juss woke up for a moment
I really don't forsee it being that difficult but I guess you never know
are the Next Big Thing!!!!!
Yeah soon good luck!
I left it with Marcus.
Chris Fomunyoh says he will not be a candidate in the Oct 9 elections in #Cameroon. Calls elections 'charade of a process'
Jack Harbaugh never taught his sons how to call timeout
we're at West Virginia tomorrow afternoon...
We're planning an interview that we wanted to do four years ago. Excited it is finally happening. More later.
#Cosasqueungringonoconoce wish I knew what this meant
RT : Madaoon hs to get on her knees to make cee lo look tall! "LoL"
I love yer character at HSM <U+2665> you are so pretty =)
CH Reynolds Electric Achieves Select Certification from Cisco in U.S.
hahaha RT : SARAH PALIN, Y U NO RUN SO WE CAN ALL LAUGH?
Fresh Class Fresh class!! Style wars in June!!
#askkanye it's refreshing to see your interest/use of art- visual classical performing primitive architectural. thoughts of jazz?
She's very talented. Lucky you. You make a nice pair.
lmao not in this country
Good d pacers
3 tenets to deliver ideas: 1. its about the people; 2. make few rules n get out of the way; 3. gain leverage - ,
Watching 's new stand-up special on ..one of my fave comedians!
Awww sorry to hear that um sure they will make it up to u
im organizing an adult one in Golden Gate Park now lol
Hope everyone's #Parkinson's Awareness Month is going well! This week #Advocates are talking about research in NC, FL, VA, MA, MD and LA
I tend to forget I can't cmd + z when im working off of the computer..
I'm like really pissed off and tired of her and the way she been treating me right now
I live in the best city on the planet!
It says it on the table in your picture.
Don't be bullshittin at the red box at 8:55! ppl tryna return before 9
El Salvador stalling in the 47 min... Time for a two footer in the corner!
Thanks, and I agree about the article -- Haven't read the book yet. I'll reserve judgment til I do.
with that bio, you should be a guest on "Raibon Radio". Every Wed Live on Latalklive.com.
Tried 3 times to report bus light / Kester and Oxnard not calibrated right. Four friends & myself ticketed. No one took report.
Our #Wonk Photo Contest starts today! You could win a 16GB iPad 2. Visit www.american.edu/wonk for contest rules.
Supporters of Kaely wore blue because it was her favorite color, her friend said
wow must be tired
Hey hey! How are you? I was thinking yesterday that I haven't talked to you in forever.
don't forget the size of their watch also
awe to cute!!!
awh my wittle baby ^.^ I called you earlier and you didn't answer I wanna see you tonight let's do something!
"Push and Pull" concept drives immigration here. Foreigners pulled by idea of work/jobs, pushed by issues like famine, etc.
...just wanted to say I love "Go Get It" and can't wait for the Steve Harvey RE-MIX!
haha that's awesome. Sounds like an amazing hire :D
Thankful for blessings: family, friends, and l(earnings) in 2011. Cheers to health, peace and contentment in 2012 Happy New Year everyone!!
Much L.O.V.E back :-D
Putting together my new Shark Cordless!
These farm eggs are great. They are colorful, and have a thick shell and rich-colored yolk. And they fry beautifully!
“ “ A woman who knows her value will only put up with a mans nonsense for so long.””
The road to recovery is paved with gin - yes I said gin - it beats the hell out of oxycodone
if a building had a ferris wheel elevator, you'd have to go to one side of the floor to go up, and another side of the floor to go down.
RT "With God as my witness, I thought those turkeys could fly." - Mr. Carlson, WKRP
It's hailing!!!
's 'Can't Say No' is on repeat. Super catchy.
So tired I do not want to teach today!
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes. Marcel Proust
thanks to my followers from
you can use iMessage through wifi! whatsapp is another good one too!
yes :( thanks a lot! You prolly just deleted my number
thanks bea! will definitely follow back <33
Currently abusing the shit out of grey's anatomy lol
My dicks hard your bitch is easy ~Cabin Fever
Sitting next to an extreme homophobe while wearing a "FREE HUGS" T-Shirt. Feeling hilariously awkward.
Practice gets out early...mom gets here late. Of course this happens to me.
Success: It's not where you live, it's how you live! It's not what you drive, it's how you drive yourself! It's not just giving, it's how y…
I am missing a grade for twitter 12 and two extra credit assignments.
just heard titans GM say hes conservative in the draft. There u go
I'm up north and I'm singing we are the world... lol
bro Send That Y.N.W.A to T Eazy so I can hop on last verse
My God. Is the Tebow bullshit ever going to stop? I will never understand how a mediocre QB gets so much damn attention.
that song is dumb lol
Thanks for the Retweet! What a lovely Charlotte day today!
On call waiting to change your travel plans? WHY? Book - you just drag & drop your event to change your #travel!
quit farting
fine grappa and cuban cigars what a way to end a perfect evening in Tuscany
Ever heard someone say, "Man, I didn't lose any weight on Atkins/Sugarbusters/Southbeach diet?"
yes sir! grew up in MN. lived in Nashville and Nebraska along the way..
sure, what's up?
i wont Give my heart to Nobody who doesn't deserve it .
Looking for 2 bedroom apartment-- downtown Milwaukee or east side location. Any building suggestions?
Ah! Finally!
This is so relevant in my daily life. #marketing RT I wonder if there are any sales tomorrow?
Today should always be our most wonderful day.
you rock. thanks :D
i wanna i wanna i wanna touch you ~
Nice get for your boys.
shit what's good with u
Sugar liked her trailer? She's such a diva<3 love her.
I don't think adults with children should do drugs. Let alone do it with their children.
I Need Someone To Hang Wit ?
Wednesday, January 25. I am tuned in Political Junkie on #NPR Talk of the Nation.
I just saw a blog post in which someone actually for real typed "walla" instead of voila. Do ppl not care about looking stupid??
Going to bed, playlist set to
i finally have good grades in all my classes all thats left is math
Not even 10 FUCKING minutes into the show & gets fired?
puttin' the team on his back.
Im wearing a dress everywhere this summer. To work. To the mall. To church. To sleep.
fun cardio workout today, needed to work off some steam... let's see how tomorrow goes... much better now!
About to watch Dysfunctional Friends before I turn it in... Hope you all enjoy the rest of your weekends. Tomarrow I #amreading and
Hope u had oishi bento ! Nice 2meet u all! RT So we're at #FoodieFridayTwEATup & we spotted !
Aye i got a new iphone 4s and broke the screen today what should i do.
Baylor is undisciplined and poorly coached Ky will run them off the court...the biggest sporting event in history of state nxt week
There was an episode of Cheers where Cliff and Frasier wanted to fight, but they sat down and made rules. That is what would...
I offended you with my opinion? You should hear the ones I keep to myself.
your to much how was the shooting range
Excitement! I will be thinking of you today!
I actually found a place today that I love. :-)
more like Boston where are YOU!
are you kidding?! That's a spoilerr!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
I get exercise because my printer is in the second floor and I work on the 1st floor.
Bear hug equals bear butts.
Over the hills and far away?
. oh yeah, the Teensy as a ketboard/mouse is awesome. I have an Englebart keyboard which works with my mouse Just Like Doug Intended.
I'm reading After Sorrow: An American among the Vietnamese, by Lady Borton. Fascinating rec from
Yes he does. Has some nasty off speed stuff most nights too.
Looking at the webcams for the nearby Ski Resorts just makes me sad....
LIVE MUSIC TONIGHT w/ Matt Barron! Easy listening sound, great environment & ur 1st bottle of WINE 1/2 off b4 7pm w/ ur entree order!!
WOW :D congrats :)
I'm done being ignored. You're basically telling me I'm not good enough. Fuck you. I'll lose the 70lbs I need to and prove you WRONG!
Last weekend we're open until after Christmas! Joins us for some NCAA Basketball today. SMILE BIG!
your brother distracted mee!!! Lol but I really do wanna watch it again.
I know you think that I shouldn't still love you, so I tell you that.
God yes we're watching The Iron Giant
Good morning, I'm sitting outside in the patio listening to the birds and enjoying another beautiful day.
Sen of Japan after?
The survey you just sent out has some issues -- needs checkboxes instead of radio buttons for questions re: news and BTA works
is trying to fend off a headache
Guys is crazy! This hoe come & talk about making food when she not <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> nama ella! Lmfaoo! We all crazy hurr thoo!
can't stop listening to angels and gentlemen! soo beaut! could you follow/ tweet me cody? big love from ireland xo
Why don't I have a good memory when it comes to studying for school <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
No, but Africa will only be held back by marxist dandy bullshit: to succeed, it needs to emulate what the actually successful "Do"
Another #week1 at #RIT. Ah. Welcome back everyone!
This Headache Is SOO Bad :/
I love the old Christmas movies! I hope all of you can look around today and say, "It's a Wonderful Life!" If not, know it can be!
Apparently someone does not want free t-shirts. TWO more followers to go.
Post photos when you're done!
You keep making me week!
check your dms.
If I flop its back to sellin blocks back to telling niggas they cant hustle in my spot OFF THE TOP
It will involve a comedy sketch. Maybe we can do a Code4Lib Midwest re-run?
me too it was insane bruh
Simple rule. If you have disgusting feet, dont wear sandals.
oh no!! United Center :) Sorry to be confusing!
Heckuva show, Boys!
What's in ORCID record? names, alt. names, institutional affills, publications, areas of expertise, links to author sites, IDs.
lmao ok coo
stop it. i'm blushing
I NEVER eat a burger without cheese YUCK
Wow That Was So Hilarious....Last Time I Heard That I Fell Off My Dinosaur!
I never realized so many people were so rude on Twitter. Wonder if that's how they treat their students. I'd be afraid to make a mistake!
I love watching Chris Paul play. This guy does not have a normal brain.
im a boynton beach florida nigga
and you a fat cat
I'm reading Siberia (fabulous) by the incomparable Ian Frazier
we have I'm just happy as hell things are way better now
Just went 20 minutes on high speed on high stair master now going to try treadmill 1st time since my injury I'm going for it!!!!!!!
Cultural Preservation & Transformation--one of our #EfS Standards. RT "What would you teach if you were the teacher for a day?"
thanks man! I appreciate the kind words. The UP is a place I've got on my list to check out.
We at war with terrorism. We at war with racism. But most of all we at war with ourselves
MT : In Northeast Ohio? Join me tomorrow night at 7pm for a free screening of Urbanized at Kent State's Cartwright Auditorium.
wearing my NEW FAVORITE EARRINGS <3 <3
When they say that "Hickey heads out there to calm (him) down"...they are damn right. They guy is calmness incarnate.
Moved to DC four years ago today. Love this city and all the amazing people I've met here.
I wish j.Cole, Drake, or childish gambino would come to SD I would be beyond ecstatic
Just Grace website is fun. 2nd grade girls love the superpower quiz.
needs to shut the fuck up now. It's pathetic. is above Madonna's shit talking nonsense.
Love it that #EMHEKnox is starting today. Whoever gets it is sure to be blessed! :)
Seth Meyers Live in Detroit tn.
Glenn Campbell's Bongos. #band name
Ah...It's time for Tearful Tuesdays...Time to catch up on all my Weight Loss Shows on my TiVo..I'm gonna be a mess!!
would be awesome if you give me a shoutout ;)
We definitely will, when are you opening?
Sometimes God have to shake up our lives a little to remind us who's still in control. #IKnowThat'sRight
Hey bella : ) what u doin today?
finally got the job done, GOOD JOB FLYERS, SUCK IT CROSBY! on to the next one.
Long day today. Damn...a lot of ar
The most beautiful Christmas tree is lit and decorated. 9 feet 5 inches of Baggenstos Farms doug fir. The house smells like the holidays!
you're welcome
OH: Daylight savings really put my panties in a bunch.
thanks! : The ATHENA Chandelier made our Vignette stand out like a rock star!
Nick from Last Note in studio now...#supportlocalmusic ... He can sense the ghost in the high falls studio!
yes and more so. very happy! life is good
The love we give away is the the only love we keep.~~~Elbert Hubbard
me neither
WOW what a BET Awards Weekend. So many great events but glad its over cause I'm tired lol. Now time for Z. :)
When a guy goes to a hooker, he's not paying her for sex, he's paying her to leave.
Seriously who in the heck are we going to have!!?? Do we get an extra win if we are under the cap? Maybe that is TT thought
woops...wrong account... but you get the idea!
The past twelve hours of my life.
You are honestly 5....grow up.
love it - "our trouble came from living, from liquor and the dollar bill"
hi, I will be having a birthday party in the next 3 weeks and I want you to be there if you can:) miss the glades and I guys
it want let me cousin!! It keep saying forbidden
Twit push, twit push, post. - Lupe Tweetasco.
Back at ya!:)
Thank you (I think?). There's been a bit of that going around lately.
I'm a paramedic in Alabama, do u have any advice for a 27 yr old who dreams of playin guitar on stage? Strugglin to learn...
You really do have the best questions!
go back and investigate!!! I would I I was there :p
No Lie Cotto Tat Was Sexy ( ;
Que te Paso Broder? “ I swear, I had a mini heart attack right now almost :(”
Omg...halo fall of reach is an awesometacular book
I have also read somewhere before that premies may have carnitine defeciencies and I was a premie my son is autistic
are Daph and I too old to dance all night to youse guys? lmk if you want to hook up for a vegan cheesesteak...
Ricky Williams sounds like a complete idiot
idk if you look as good as me
Back in Lexington, KY TONIGHT! At The Green Lantern... Hopefully UK wins or we might need protection
enlighten me
RT if your are training to run the SD Half Marathon.
thanks so much
How we spend our days is, certainly, how we spend our lives.
its colder in my house than it is outside
got a big head and little arms
I'm going to the movies, anyone wanna come?
Going shopping :) Video comimg out soon
lmaoooooo you must be spying on me
It's so hot outside it smells like the trees are burning.
LEt me see
thanks for gaming with a tired, old, man who stinks at gaming lol
I didn't say that I did...
its 11:11 here in Texas MAKE A WISH!<3
Louisville up 4 with 42 seconds left. I still wouldn't turn off the #upsetalert just yet.
I am Number 4 was a pretty good movie.
2 FOR 3 TODAY, WE'LL LIVE WITH IT...AND EXPECT TO DO BETTER NEXT WEEK! THANKS FOR FOLLOWING...GREAT TO HAVE NFL BACK, ISN'T IT?
Tired real tired today But they needed the rookie of the year to make a special guest feature lol
Thank you Kieran, but trust me I do. (:
Will do! RT : Big night for ! #CSUGala starts at 5:30 in D-town. is the emcee! Catch me for photos!
Do you want to hear some classics...logon to ww.e2onair.com and listen to DR. LUV today 4 p.m. to 7 p.m. WWW.E2ONAIR.COM
So i am basically done with the layout and all i need are the cartoons... no one is here yet o.o....
Too funny! I love the tin foil on the feet :)
Cataloging Hebrew books translated into Japanese....pretty time consuming
Why the fuck is heyward not in the lineup? God dammit fredi
YAYYY!!! I knew you wouldn't go! (:
The gym teacher put the song baby and one less lonely girl and every girl was singing even me.....awesome
any suggestions for topics for the UpRoot blog??? Share!
I'm about to have a heart attack...I feel it coming. Let me ask you a question ladies. Why do you try to kill us?
Can't wait, can't wait!
u crazy that's wow Duhh
I believe in second chances, but not everyone deserve them.
I was supposed to be in Orlando right now! Oh well! I got a fly new whip so its all worth it! Catch me if u can. Gnite
Tummies are rumbling at the SBB offices... Where is everyone going for lunch today?
!!!!!!!!!!!!! "am i worse then left over poop that got stuck to the toilet when you flush a thousand times????"
Rick Trotter just sang the best version of the National Anthem I've ever heard!
meanwhile us old farts keep making software
Fantastic! RT : Thank you AT&T latest Platinum sponsor of #CajunCodeFest! Others include #Microsoft #Intel #TEDMED!
how was yo week?
One my way to Canada! Can't wait to be referred to as that Yankee or my personal favorite "the American".. Makes me sound like a hit man.
Yes, there's a right time and way for everything, even though, unfortunately, we miss it for the most part. - Solomon
thanks for all the great info!
my toe is bleeding
Sold out in like 5 mins, thanks all
I don't know hopefully soon! I just accepted the offer so I'm just crossing my fingers now
It's TGIF and my frown needs to turn upside down. Where's my bottle of wine...
Hey, can I borrow your Mormon disco ball? Mine just broke. :(
Sorry for recent Russian tweets. Account was hacked. The only Russian I know are names of hockey players. Thanks to all who let me know.
Great deals here in Columbus!! Investors call me today for solid cash flowing properties! Nothing but the BEST wholesale deals!
": well that's just creepy!"-nothing of a sexual nature, i assure you.
I swear why are we both always on similar levels lol
justin is fucking perfect
It feels so good to be home.. There is no place like it...
open your heart not to me but to everything your world, your eyes, your love, your lies everything -WAH!
don't listen to that non sense talking. #oreocrew all day
so ( SAME AGE )
Life w/kids: RT : Finished season 4 of The Wire in '10. Son was then born Finally watched first episode of Season 5 last night
Hey Healthy and Fit for You, thanks for all you do!
I don't scan the profiles of my followers often enough, but I am so impressed at what everyone is doing out there. Keep up the good work!
the last tweet? Blue girl, red state.
: I'm new on Twitter. Will try to figure this out & see how it goes.
you want "The Love Boat" instead? I can make arrangements!
: Happy Hour all day tomorrow @ Ella Dining Room and Bar for any wearing Purple. Come on Sacramento!
": #Aquarius think waiting for help is a waste of time. They do the shit themselves."
Why is Andrew Luck at #Penguins game lol
I'm just telling how it is. On my high school & college teams, coaches preached taking guys out within the whistles
The Usual Suspects
Girl I cant live without u, I cant think straight without u, no so tell me what should I do, If I cant get u off my mind
Breaking Bad. Catching up.... Slowly.
Need a cheap haircut. Anyone know a beauty school in #FortWayne that lets its students cut hair? I haven't gotten a haircut in a YEAR!
My Google search results have changed! See my new results at vizibility.com/laurengardiner - From t.vizibility.com
Jets fans, u mad?
that means we're official.
My eardrums have been John Bonham-ed...
RT if you listen to Drake.
nah... i ain't got the stomach for shit like that. the trailer made me queesy. Kati wanted to see it though
Stouts in Hollywood
SHOUTOUT TO>>>> FOR BEING MY 350TH FOLLOWER AND FOR RTing MY TWEET! RT THIS FOR A SHOUTOUT BY ME!!
cleaned out his closet and got rid of 80 shirts (mostly t-shirts)! It looks so empty in there now.
images in from Larry Schwarm and Kevin O Mooney - just over 12 hours before images go live
You can order several books on Plato via Kindle for free. This could make me question everything. Socratic-ally speaking - ba da bump..
Agreed RT Seems dated. #nooneaskedme RT : It's Web, with a capital W.
When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
Favorite part about prepping for class using pop culture examples is browsing through TMZ
I need room to work though.
Hearing a common theme in training sessions....phone calls and SM communication is great, but face to face is the ultimate goal.
Just need to go pick it up. :/ lol
thx so much! I heart u
Mahalo, much love and thanks for the support! RT Congrats to on his promotion! Way to go!
Omg...thats so sad... R.I.P Whitney. I'll never forget when she sang the National Anthem for the Giants Super Bowl
Thanks for the mentions/RTs & support!!!
I want someone to settle down with. Someone that will put a ring on my finger now and promise to always be mine forever. But fuck that shit.
After listening to Carrie Prejean on Larry King I get it: Being Palinized = being lobotomized! Fuck! Stop booking her, people! WTF?!?!?
i see you on twitter. spanish test was flippin easy
“: #DontWifeThatChickIf The only thing she knows how to cook is Top Ramen and Hot Pockets.”
's ice cream airplane example in the piece I just linked made me laugh up a lung.
Cece Winans should have her own talk show. #cable Maybe on Oprah's OWN or WEtv
In the interest of all parties, I'm not interested in a man that's interested in other women.
Barry Gibb of the Bee Gees turns 65 today. Maurice was my favorite Bee Gee.
Busy week ahead, starting window cleaning and some residential windows for my friends on Twitter.
Good luck and God bless~
#aam2012 magic. Across from silk plant display, they're local & might be able to donate foliage to the boy's classroom rain forest.
Grt talk! RT : Mining other social movements for Breast Cancer Deadline 2020
I told you she was the best girl friend ever! :)))) peace to my best friend Matt!
do work!!
Thanks to my stupid doctor, I couldn't get my MRI done. I woke up so damn early and lost valuable sleep -.-
This Friday! Pearl @ Commerce in Dallas - show starts at 9:30. Good times!!
Very cool. Did he have good memories about it?
almost just died from watching the scariest shit ever
Had a lot of steroid-related conversations today. No coincidence that Braun hit 3 HRs last night. Confidentiality is crucial to JDA.
TO THE WAALLLL
Face book is a deadly thing <.< Lol.
Eating some Thai Food!
NOT going to say break a leg! Lol wish u much fun today :) already know u will do GREAT!!! xxox's
im wishing i could give a bear hug and tell him everything is gonna be alright<3
Everytime my grandma comes over I think she makes me gain weight... Lol
A week without is a sin, shut your mouth before that idea catches on
Drove by KCI this weekend btw on my way to Excelsior Springs
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!#LiveMyLife<U+2665>65
I just saw a TEBOW FOR PRESIDENT bumper sticker. Jets colors. Former Broncos fan or always a Jets fan?
Everybody knows the deal is rotten Old Black Joe's still pickin' cotton For your ribbons and bows And everybody knows
Need to get my time down already in these 800s and 400s
(flew over his dumb head...)
Now 'Cross My Heart, Hope To Die' Audition ... They need the theatrically strong. Do they know who they're dealing with?:-P
what's the URL? I'm on IE at the moment
Fuck a nigga for a dub ass bitch
Nice shot!
Of course he did.
your skills pay the bills
More Fertility Treatments Tomarrow I love how my fertility clinic is open on Saturdays then Tmoney can go to them.
Yep, ... Drink a "Glass of Positivity" today.....!
thank you for following!
. and getting shout outs at #mwrc12 for their implementation of change management in the project/service mgmt rtbl
text me
Makeshift innocence. Live. In LA!
this bitch just said who the fukk is this tryna sound like and shit!!!! im lmao!!!!!
RAY. No slight intended. It was your list of her wonderful qualities that made me pay attention! You're a lucky man.
Are there some people who aren't?!?! #ifnotaretheyhuman? RT I'm afraid of falling into storm drains.
Wow, Pat Summitt stepping down as Tennessee's women's basketball coach. She held it down at the top for a long time.
I'll be home soon!!!
Awesome Happy Birthday to your group. Come sit in Sec 222 with us.
thought you'd you like that<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> hahah
Uh oh, will investigate. Thanks for letting us know.
They were afraid, never having learned what I taught myself: Defeat the fear of death and welcome the death of fear. ~ G. Gordon Liddy
justin bieber is so sexy & amazing I'm excited for his video & to go to his. Concert so yes I'm cray to see my man. ;)
Bout to call this 410 number to see of she'll give me 's number... Ultimate win! Lmaooo!
I can't type today.....
How often to you read the ingredient list on a product? If it is a long list are you less likely to purchase?
m avacados... I should go pick some up. :D
Thank you, thank you - couldn't do it without everyone's support. Hope you're having a wonderful day, Rebecca!
Drinking A Glass of water sometimes is so refreshing, I love water
Thats weird, it could be cuz of the premiere riot? I got access to it early from work cuz I was writing the review!
yeah. A nice mix of George Brett anger/Carl Everett crazy.
glad you're liking it! we don't have the calendar functionality yet, but we are definitely looking into it. we'll keep you posted.
Lady Gaga Is So Pretty ,!! (: But Why Does She Have To Be Weird?! -_____-
Thanks for the offer! I'll see if I can find the files. Sounds interesting!
Hahaha oh, moms.
I didnt know ur mom was ! #dstroyalty Congrats soror on your anniversary!
It always seems like loudly-singing-person-upstairs only sings when I'm trying to do homework, or go to sleep. Her timing is impeccable...
is flying to Casper, Wyoming to interview for convention center feasibility study
it is! Ha yeah Norwich at 4
Besides the music licensing companies pay the artists... I think you misread the petition anyways.
Looks like we lost Chuck!
thanks I will check it out
SO CALL ME MAYBE
Salute Pretty box -->
of course lol im showin follower appreciation :)
Good night :)
that would be great! lol and thankgod! isnt didnt come fast enough..
Hi there, sorry you didn't find what you needed. Can you send me your email address and we'll see what we can do?
HOW did they think of 25??
Lockout needs to end
keep up the rate of character death and you'll have to change your name to Game of Bones
Guys with facial hair is such a turn on!!! Yum yum yummy lmao
I am a pig and I snort a lot
En Masse Entertainment Marks a New Era in Online Gaming with Launch of Heralded Action MMO, TERA
hey Johnny! Congrats on the "W". We're hoping and #BucsNation have 16 of those! DM what tea u want.
Um, does she have a name or are you just gonna call her "hey intern?"
what are you are reading?
dude! they 1st said 5k for the surgery, i said hell no. so they got a student vet to do it for 3k, but post-op added up
averaging $0.13 per bid with a 1% CTR...not bad...although I really need to wait a week to see what's up
` I Swear People Needa Leave #chrisbrown Alone, Just MAd Cause He Hot Right Now (:
prove them wrong!
sitting here . Wing bored with my life . .-.
So many lives changed!! So many pounds lost and so many health improvements! This is just a few of the thousands of lives changed by...
sounds good my man, ill keep an eye out
Wondering why my first stop on a book's Amazon page is always its 1-star reviews...
me too. I'm like she know where to find me.
I know your grand opening party is memorial day weekend but are you already open??
What happens when an abortion clinic employee accepts Christ? Alternate Choices available on Kindle & Nook. www.traceyperger.com
lol lol i hear that so whats new wit u
lol Smh if only I was there Lmfao. We should alternate whose paper we write on bahahaha
Time for a recording update. I will be finishing up guitars tonight and then all we have left is vocals. Getting so close. -Kenny-
SOON! You will be pointing a me and not be afraid! :D
Nice! Just arrived. Getting tix now. :)
Just watched a guy pick his gf's nose on the T. There is a level of too close and it was abt 5 steps before that.
L.A. Acting Workshop is seeking a Performing Arts Youth Instructor for students ages 5 - 11 and a Teen Instructor for ages 12 - 16.
Thank you my dear Jay! Hugs
Is it bad form to tweet that your proposal was accepted for a conf before the conf announces speakers?
#Follow and
Wet ... but still at farmer's market! Come today at Te for some local cheese & eggs & fresh produce omelets!
I love when my wife tells me to have fun adventure every morning! It makes my day exciting and full of intrigue!
Another day education.......leeggooo
Excitement and anticipation is building up.
I hate show mini vans to customers shit is so boring... my face be like its a fucking mini van fuck you want me to tell you? lol
Thx 4 following me. facebook April lakergirl Bynum. Also Apriss the model like my fan page #FF modeling is my passion
our internet has gone down multiple times today. Its out again. Can you help with this issue?
me & my girl are going to the Tribes game tomorrow!
the peek behind the curtain = everything i hoped for. except now i want my own protected account so i can tweet back honestly
that's who I voted for. Transformers: The Fall of Megatron
Looking forward to covering some ground in class this week. 2 days last week, and 2 days next week make slow moving in class.
How 'bout them #Buccos. Ha.
Look for an AP correction because no doubt many people will notice the faulty math there.
REFUCKINGTWEET!!!! ": I hate shady people, especially when they're awkward about it."
Are you acknowledging the sexual sovereignty of adults in addition to attacking trafficking? CONSENSUAL SEX WORKERS!!!
What could be the market value of a painting by Berthe Morisot today?
Great day to serve the LORD. Serve HIM with gladness. Be Blessed
Welcome to the neighborhood! Can't wait to check out the new store.
thanks for the follow
On the phone wit wifey, if you boutta take a nap then ill leave you. :/
The photo contest is going swimmingly. Amazing what "Ends Soon" does to people.
Any predictions on where Peyton ends up?
Just got home..Marcum threw 46 pitchers in the first inning and did not return? I have a bad feeling about this series. Can we just skip it?
the 1921 race riots that happened in Tulsa where a black community was
I'm fine thanks. It's been ages since we spoke. Do you even remember me?
Want about 20% to buy drop ins and 80% for membership to be at optimal cash flow.
Not only does it highlight the value, it helps convey the msg that LinkedIn "understands" Slideshare.
“: We must recognize that we are responsible for the way we respond to people, actions, and events in our life." #BeEpic”
His actions lately certainly point to this>>>>RT Limbaugh's a double agent.
Listening to on the radio!
Mr. Kent Lind! the one and only! follow me back my airbrush brother!
- Thanks for the follow, fellow #fashionshow friend!
Your tweets inspired me SO much, <U+2764><U+2665>
Should be 2-0 sixers. Yea, I said it.
With my dad as he eat the dinner I made him. He wanted white beans with smoked pork necks.
Finally done with freshman year(:
"Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation. The old has gone, the new has come." 2 Corinthians 5:17
DO will be going.
Happy Holidays - and a great New Year.
RT Let me get a Bud Light Platinum please
would you be up for writing a blog post for me about the myths of recycling?
when will you be available on the PS3 or Wii???
Single on Valentine's Day? Come party with Casual Encounters/Missed Connections on the 13th- Tickets are just $10 bucks!...
I think you are just trying to get me in trouble, lady.
Good half but WADE needs to get going!!!
of course :)
“: Bout 2 Get #BackToLove in Tallahassee. #hittinthestage” < how many of my Tallahassee folks going to this?!
Wuzz goodie long lost soul....how art thou?
Two back to back perfect weather days in NYC. Wanna jar it up for later this Summer when it will inevitably be a swamp of heat and piss
Watching the game
he should just become an underwear model. or a nude model.. either way, i think all beliebers would be happy lol
would it help if I was ok with that challenge?!
thanks and I will give our best
I wish i would explain myself to you.
well sorry!!!! idk what to tell u.
A good friend/fellow rider over in Tampa posted it...Hoping to have a good turn out tomorrow!
glad I'm on that list, dickwad!
OVS thanks the PJ Library for last month's children’s Shabbat program! Stay tuned for details on our next kids program coming on August 20.
Dicken's "A Christmas Carol", not sure which version I prefer, also "Holiday Inn", "The Christmas Story", & "Miracle.."
let's get started on that treasure map!
it's beautiful
HOT Rumor – Nikon Set to Launch Mirrorless ILC Camera
never? NEVER SAY NEVER! he notice you again if you keep trying. & you can meet him too!
#thingIwishIhadthissemester ... All A's
I'm in a special library, so students/kids questions don't apply to me right now either. But you never know.
A3.Lack of exec’s on board w/mobile strategy, IT & marketing dept can't manage mobile together. Source: Aberdeen Group
lol let's see him try to get in the lane with AD swatting every attempt he makes
all for edcamp but 2 feet would get too disorderly for me. RT : Should the rule of two feet be used in a class edcamp?
Alright, a fight to the death...A 16 foot Alligator trapped in a big hole with a full size Male American Black Bear, who wins?
now I am! For Franco the Great!
state law requires you to declare since a primary is for 2 major parties to nominate candidates. Would require change at state...
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I Wanted To Grow Up, And Now I Wish I Was A Kid
CO State Board of Ed votes 4-3 to oppose bill that would require state participation in multistate testing.
Thanks so much for all the support! Walked the red carpet, now waiting in line for press! This so so cool!!
#NP Better Now Collective Soul
Ah stomache ache :L -.-
dkjfldnflkd WELL I DO.
So Mayor Gibson is running for County Commissioner. Not surprised
": Have I told you.. lately...that I love you"
I'm going to kick today's ass.
Thanks for the follow. Glad to see ya still fightin'!
oh I see you tweeting bro.
MT “: Independent bookseller, will you be my Valentine?” hear, hear
Moving furniture word so not the buisness but shit had fun
i actually love skyscraper.... gotta say its good, check that, great. congrats!
Should have been a requirement! RT : Finally! A session named after an Elvis song.
Doing well! And yourself?
Thanks for the #FF's! Been on the road the last couple of days. :)
you really must give me more notice
Really need a furry animal in my life, but lease doesn't allow it. And no, gluing fur to a turtle shell won't do it for me.
addict !!! Lest change that addiction with another one ;)
Moving speeches this morning from Mitman, Rome, and Cronon at the Earth Day at 40 conference in Madison.
that's great news Theresa! Looking forward to seeing your new site & all the changes.
What the fuck is everyone talking about, where are the tennis courts?
let me know when you go see it.....let me what you think about it when you do go.
I am loving this place
Get rid of that hangover with some brunch and a bloody accompanied with some MarchMadness!
you do have a point there
It's time to buy new lenses for that eyeglass frame you love!
It's Grosse Pointe Blank tonight I think. Another good one... love me some dry dry humor.
sure...why not!
Thanks for sharing your insights Joe!
Jam get their first lead of the game with a lay-up by Butch.. 7-6 with 8:23 left in Q1
If you have put in a follower request recently, it's possible that I deleted the request in error. Check and re request if I didn't accept.
u cant understand! its like this power!
To each, their own I say. So long as you don't mess with me or my family.
so epic I assume?
god I hope not. Sven as Villa manager would be disastrous!
make a cup of tea and listen to music
Tweet me <333
We're trying to keep things intimate but since you asked, sure, tell your +1 to RSVP as well.
I'll try! My teacher always goes over the class time <U+E416>
fuck yeah, dragon lady!
Parents visiting for the weekend yay! off to the Wild Animal Park today
are you going to replace exhaust this summer?
Still need a loving home: I have two tix to #SportingKC this Saturday! $45/ea. I'll buy you a beverage! :)
T.G.I.F DAM
Wow these rapper guys are irritating
you lucky bastard!!
get those legs ready for the slopes.
Really, NYC Parking Violation Dept? Pay a ticket online and then I get to "checkout"??? This is not Gilt!
Flooded in, not leaving home, work from home day! Please don't stop raining. Unless it's to get Aaron home.
www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/bonds95 ; everybody needs to be protected and have someone to Help them .
« Some things will never change.»
Well there's people and more people/What do they know know know/ Go to work in some high rise/And vacation down at the gulf of mexico--JM
When you're addicted to something and you can't get it you do anything without thinking!!
i'm an accomplice. #fuck!
has got you covered for your winter adrenaline rush. Check out these tickets to this years Snow Bomb Fest.
In my bag
Thanks for the great music! Keep it up!
Had a power nap earlier... Was good stuff
My IQ is 184, no wait... That's my cholesterol level.
Another easy 3 miler today. Trying to keep it normal but how normal can you be before running your first Boston Marathon. very nervous
"Up to no good" sounds like teenagers smoking cigarettes behind the bleachers, not sexual assault. Curious why that phrasing?
Rehearsing for the next few shows with a new set list; demoing 'snippets' for the next DTES record.
couldn't of said it any better. “: Just Because We TEXT, Don't Mean We "TALK"!!!!!”
I love putting my fingers through 's hair .
Britney Is A Perfect Mother -- RT if you love !
your headline is dead on! ;) we put an offer in on the townhome at 4106 Newton to use as an invst property..countered too hi
Twitter Free Restaurant Zoe. See ya soon!
Aren't I the coolest!!?... Got kicked out the krystals drive thru, and insulted by the police all in one night!!
yeah you can either send it to me on here or to my personal
Memo to : it's possible to leave our apt. at 11:15am, walk downtown, procure a breakfast burrito, and make it to the train by noon
see what i mean... That can't be me... Won't allow it.... Lmfao
Just made that midterm my BITCH. Now its time to get ready for my fake date :D
P.S. I saw the "terrorist" herself RT'ed your Schamus story over the weekend!
More than 1000 in the trips initiatied by The Congress of Racial Equality & the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee.
My New DP is loading.
“: Physical therapy, massage, then off to play golf with and !” #roughlife lol!!
Rain delay.
um excuse me... you forgot one
I should've seen that one coming.
#organic #clothing #freshmotif #tees #fashion OrganicClothingBenefits101 - Reduces Toxic Chemicals (conventional cotton is full of toxins)
welcome back big fella!
new arty weekend video coming today
dudes are chanting Mario
yep...that's me
J.Michael rises again! New album and video coming out soon. Can't keep this girl down ;)
They did bot do a very good job with the shipuden. And u gata start hunterxhunter. It is so good. Never boring or repetitive.
ah!!! LOVED that night! Miss U girls
wait what happened? I used to go to church in a school
Yet another reference to my beard from the stage at a / event.
well thanks c: lol
isn't he awesome?
this Houston life is like a catch 22... as far as having what I want, paradise, its a 10 ! having fun like I did in the Chi, a mere 5 !
Jessica alba :D
Real Housewives of Atlanta Reunion. U?
$350 for a Coachella GA Wristband next year? Ouch
I'm not getting any error message, does it still appear broken to you? Let me know so we can work on gettin' it fixed for you!
Amen Brother!
Same as well
what happened boo ?
could be a major #Pause but......it's yeezy and hov so you get away with it lol
Thanks for the info on colleges!
i love youu very much! Please Follow Me<3
Christie has no hear no soul but he does have a great: the television camera!
Met lots of new friends this week, especially tonight. I will miss
Ayo, girl. Why do you have your eye brows up like you're surprised in every freaking picture on your Facebook?
We plan to be at #HPmkt in Fall, see you there? RT : TY for getting the post together in time for the High Point Market!
Success! Finally! I guess I'm just not allowed to add commentary. Would have been commentary D- to the -I- to the double-T-O!
Sometimes its best to let people think what they're doing is right, so when life smack the shit out of them, they won't blame you!
#youjustgotdiagnosed RT : anxiety. you know suttin i dont know? spill it kid
haha, I always WAS on it, just wasn't ON it haha...
Wonder, too, if reflect and analyze should be there. We hardly ever look back and learn in order to plan ahead effectively.
So glad you're loving it! :)
RT : Over the holiday weekend are you going to do any volunteer work?
you totally inspired me. Would love to get more #PR insights from you.
At NYC Startup Weekend. Awesome crowd.
she loves me and misses me more Austin (;
I'm never satisfied, no matter what I achieve I always want more and no matter how good I do I always feel like I could have done better.
It's all about playing to ur fan base. Saying I luv Castro in Miami is like saying I luv Bush in the middle of dowtown Baghdad.
I know your hearts been broken, but please don't give up, I'll be right there to fix it right up <3
While temps made it well into the 60's today, lows tonight will fall to around 35. Temps 10° cooler tomorrow.
you too girl! sorry i didnt stay and chat. i had to get home.
looking at my invisible DMs with Madison....
The Hu Honua power plant was originally built in 1974. We are excited to retrofit the facility to a modern biomass facility.
It looks deceptively nice outside. Sunshine is beautiful. However, it's only 50 degrees.
Shaking my head.
kid looks rich, I might need a loan.
RT : Q2 DAM is not just about technology. DAM is technology + best practices + amazing support + processes
don't encourage the man.
Off to sell some real estate today!
A6 Mktg needs to get better at feeding the management dashboard—focus on contributions to revenue and profit
#GTMW here we come! Keep an eye out for our team and you can win an Empirical t-shirt! Tweet me a pic of you with our lovely staff to win
Have you already sent out the new posters? Because I still haven't got mine :/
There are some sort of organic church people I know that I hang with Sunday AMs before being "institutionalized".
I did play a Penta! No RocketBallz though, used a Burner Superfast.
“: If you <3 America, care about the future and believe that we are better off without Obamanomics. RT this. #Resist44”
Get the best people and train them well. Scott McNealy
I'm so excited to write this paper, I'm shivering. Oh wait, that might be the red bull.
We're bff's because I got hit in the head today too. With a softball though. Someone threw it at me. :( sadsadsad.
CHRIS NEWMAN ACOUSTIC-BOO FROG-SNOW BUD-NAPALM BEACH OCTOBER 2010
Thanks for the share!
some guy just came to the door trien to sell me some shit, not interested and he goes alright happy 4/20 lol really
It's insane that would take so much content to FuelTV and there be no HD. Can't imagine lets that be issue for long.
is this a trap?
“: Making college references to people who obviously never went. #TFM”
YOU"RE TOO OLD TO BE PLAYING IN THE PLAYOFFS!! YOU"RE GONNA HURT YOURSELF
OK, fine. will get my Black Friday business but that's it!
Q11 get as much done online as possible! buying/comparing even if you have it shipped to store so you dont have to pay s&h
JL! Count us in! Best & success.
Where's some good outside courts with a lot of people hoopin?? Thought there was one near danville I went to before
Is there any way I can get the JPEG for Muscle Max.. I want to put it on my FB PAGE.!
Watching the followup of #CelebrityRehab. U seem much calmer & more at peace. I hope you continue to do well!
I love when you tell me you love me.
Stay safe out there tonight
Doubt and underestimation my greatest
Doing great :) Found a place to live in St. Augustine and #MARSunplugged in tonight!!! :D lol!
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that can make you smile regardless of how bad you may be feeling .
"Threat Level Midnight" is amazing.
I'll miss free rides downtown, but a good step towards it cleaning up- No more free bus rides in downtown after Sept. 29....
holla got some fire as beats
your weird
sometimes you just need to not work.
Why is it when you seem the most tired during the day you are the most awake at night. I did figure out how to turn on Swype typing though
I see why you have to be a certain age to be on Facebook. Because they don't want immature assholes like you on there.
no matter wat any body say spread tha peace & stay Mindless
Updates to #Twitter are rolling out today. What do you think about the new look and features?
Ahh, back to normal (:
#rip grandpa Heber happy birthday I love you and miss you.
I'm asking for each performer 2 acts 5min max..
:) I Am Now Happy. HA! I have something to tell you.
Hey Carmen! newsflash - building sold by Carey to developer for $23MIL!! WTF? The neighborhood is exploding. U got out in time !
HI , I just started following you - I understand you are looking for a position I am a Sales Recruiter for ADP. Let's talk!
i thought it was Earl B. Turner ?
Cats by 21.
it's Friday and has been a very long week and it's not over yet...but tonight I need to party!
omg im sorrie that wuz not for you!!! It wis supposed to be for som1 else:P lol sorriee
I think Craig Finn sucks balls, and not baseballs.
That's where it's a bit deceiving. Sponsorship $ accounts for up to 90% for some athletes. How's your project coming?
Dr. Pepper 10 needs to calm down.
lol had i seen you on twitter earlier i would have punk. plus its not like i have your
Your profile pic... That's so real.
We saw that April 17 is Pet Owners Independence Day. We aren't really sure what that means, but it sounds good! Celebrate with your pet!
hello i got your tweet and i would LOVE to work with you
The key thing tho is that fair use is fuzzy, and only a defensive claim rather than a right per se.
UC BEARCATS > #2 Syracuse & Georgetown. Great win Cats! One more win and we're Big East Champions!
Make this day a healthy eating day!
Wind again? WHATEVER!
hahaha that's great only he would notice that
lol you just gon tell me to fix it, you betta let yo boyfriend handle that
but they are great at buying awesome domain names
Playing new songs at the headlining gig this Friday! Also we'll have a second guitarist with us for the 1st time in three years! Come watch
lol mines better ;) aha
Nabisco Newtons Fruit Thins in Cranberry Citrus Oat. Nom!
Now Playing: Whitney Houston & Mariah Carey- When you believe
thank you!!!
Tonight at 9pm CST, tune in to 98.3 fm or www.weld.fm for 3 hours of music and conversation with Attempt To Fail!
Most burglaries happen in 10 minutes or less. Make your home hard to break into by ALWAYS locking your doors, windows, and security gates!
Awh! Thanks! :D
#fa435 The self that we once were is always in the process of becoming the self we are yet to be. Word.
not sure I got to either of those areas.
Having a hot guy best friend is the worst! haha you can't flirt with them!!
RT : Changed my mind...I prefer my page private *shrugs* *>*aww
Yes, international too! Spread the word! :)
Back to sketching because I have free time once again!
so this white dude walked by me and my bro smokin and said i smell poisen ivy
Hi Cal, nice to find you on LinkedIn, FB & Twitter. Thanks so much for the wonderful LinkedIn Recommendation! :)
happy birthday bro live it up!!!
Not sure if this is a joke or not, but I'd totally use this. bit.ly/9RPKCh
you could write about a line of hemingway for books
mhmmmm who is this about beautiful ?
Nice meeting you! Thanks for your advice, btw, I used it to go shopping yesterday!
amazing in a good sense or outrageous sense?
Nothing quite like airports and air travel to remind me that, for the most part, I hate people.
But I do look 4 them 2 make up for it on the other end of the court. Not playing hard after the mistake is what concerns me.
www.chooseychicks.com Choices are endless, BE CHOOSEY!!
o ok
": Damn I wish he wont ........uhmmmm" too bad home girl it's official
so you just gonna ignore my last tweet?
up to 50% for real estate agents..send me our referrals
that would be acceptable too
Play big in the 2nd half!
any plans for 2013 calendar yet?
The weekend is packed with great live music! #420 Blow-out TONIGHT w/ ! presents a CD Release w/ Corsair on Sat.!
I just realized tht I'm much meaner to people now..
Wishing i could watch the fight right now
who are you rooting for now ? when the y said COLDPLAY i thought they said COLTON :$
Things I'm looking forward to:Black ops 2,the avengers,men in black 3,halo 4,zombieland 2 (if there will be 1),and getting a girlfriend.
emma is such a nice looking dog! i wish the weather was better here...it's cold and grey :(
Wishing you could take it all back
yes tragic and wish they didn't air publicly these things
I Smoke Strong That PopEye! ^__^
What kind of specials are around town tonight for people in #Madison looking to watch tonight's #Brewers vs. #Mets game?
thanks for the follow!
You're welcome.
10k is a fun, pushes you hard.
Damn dude!! does it again! Great job man. SO Proud!! made the right choice
that boy is a monster! a great one at that :P
If you would come over and hangout you coulda got them lol
haha! Be afraid, be very afraid. :)
I think I'm going to take the surgery because keeping up with these Meds <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Gousha: informative, thoughtful civil discussion. Showing video on Lessard case.
its loading! So what exactly is it?
Fun meeting time
looking forward to your tweets! If you or any of your customers lock their keys in their car, call us! We'll get there fast.
Everyone in the office is dying their hair radioactive red. So trashy.
If I saw dogs that looked *that* intelligent, more often... I'd have way too many puppies in my apt.
Oh keep the cold there.. :(
My bad for not knowing wtf "WORLD PEACE" is... and that he is Ron artest... i dont really watch basketball like that.. ima #FOOTBALL girl
Bench and Wall Climbs not part of AMRAP
Turkey crossing the street and holding up traffic... So many good jokes coming to mind!
sorry boo I'll visit later :*
The 1 thing that is most hurtful, is that he lies again today on TJMS and says I am a republican plant., Unlike u Alvin I can take criticism
So I have a little confession about myself for all of you: I would rather have a lot of inexpensive things than one highly expensive thing.
#20ThingsAboutMe i black out when i get mad n dont remember y i was mad in the 1st place and who i was mad at
Can't wait for you all to hear the new tracks . have been laying down. So, so strong.
more that every blogger is reading skeevy guys and throwing up landing pageso sell some damn ebook - - a $400 value for only $99!
mhm... do you see me having a baby?
don't forget he dropped that one as the lead singer of his speed metal band Body Count!
ive watched it before but not in a long time because theres no point to the shoe anymore!!!
RT Back to the grind!!!
I saw that. Looked strangely familiar .....
Just made a cake and it said #GRAND on it(:
Very nice looking bike. Is it coming to the USA as well?
God was with me and my sister tonight... And I cant thank Him enough for what He did.
dude . I'm at a park (: , and I'm suppose to be at school . Shhhhh .
I really hope we aren't disappointed. Apple stock was down less than a point despite Jobs resignation. False encouragement?
Working on the details of the launch party! Details coming soon...
That last ep of law and order was so sad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Going to a social media advertising lecture...learning what you didn't teach me....
Why not?
I take 3 L’s to the head, love , live , life & i’m dead
#20ThingsAboutMe all i eat is chicken nuggets and french fries
“: Javelle got real nasty on the lob..”that fool ain't playin tonight
We make the mistake of expecting everyone else to try as hard to succeed but most are satisfied with just mediocre. It's not good enough!
Gotta watch last nights Glee! How was it?!
Aisha Tyler give me a break! TBR
Would you like to see more Interest lists added to our site? Let us know by tweeting with
don't bring anything tomorrow! Won't be there
I got out of My car while I was in the middle of a carwash this morning!!!!
RT : "Ask not what the fuck your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your fucking country."
I don't understand this tweet. Please clarify.
very cool, . and lots of us in georgia now!
to 11:11 and now to #SAYSOMETHIN ! You have improved so much, I'm so proud of you!<3 I love you ; your song is perfection! <3
It is BEE-YOU-TI-FUL outside! Love this weather... and writing with the windows open.
Cracking into a can soon! RT We had canned cranberry today and we LIKED IT! RT The 5 Worst Thanksgiving Dishes
Look at me! I'm a morning person! Let's work out! Get worms! Drive garbage trucks! Use exclamation points!
BLOCK! 're welcome Now we can wait for the paid LDS trolls to jump us & insist:Oh no It's not that way at all
"action expresses priorities"
sockwonkey has new friends
My poor friend ole girl look homeless in a bubble jacket n scarf like she thought NYC was the north pole or something lol
Ahaha I had a mini heart attack!
Sometimes you just gotta' stroll down the fine choclates aisle of the local CVS...
I'm a little behind on this - Word of the day: zephyr (n) Any soft, gentle wind
yes--that is huge!
Good morning! Be the change you seek in the world-Gandhi
We have to stay in here for like 30 more minutes.I'm going to die.-__-
Thanks for the LIKE Roberto!
Getting ready to roll out....
amazing. Why do World Cup referees always make themselves the center of the story? Discretion. They should try it sometime.
Randall-- one can be a victim AND a survivor simultaneously
If you're hungry you should come over. I've Been cooking since 7 am. A bunch of random "good eats"! Lol
Be the change you wish to see in the world. - Ghandi
a friendly snake, I hope?
had our show dress rehearsal last night. kc, you are in for a real treat. could be our best show yet.
well. Don't leave us hanging WHAT HAPPENED?!!
Coffee spilt in the car on the ride to work. Today is starting out kinda rough...
HARDEEHARHAR IM A STALKER LIKE THAT.
Sunday Funday! If you're 21+, come on down for happy hour drafts and wells, 5pm-midnight! And how about some pinball?
Did u know that from 6ft the pros make 50% and amateurs 40%? #according to
Eli Broad... Just discovered you on
Made me do some thinking about myself. I wonder if any of my actions of the past persuaded women to think like that...
I know you ain't a pimp, but pimp remember what i taught ya
Went with the for my iPad. I like it so far!
- got my drink watching the #hanson livestream now
Hi! Can you follow me? Its okay if you can't! Anyway keep doing what you are doing! Have fun with the guys! You Rock! Thanks!
when we die where do our closets go?
Planting veggies with your family sounds like a successful #EarthDay to us !
Nice to see you back in action. I'll be out there tomorrow.
oh my god, can't be more perfect ahahahah
Tomorrow: Phi Psi Sunday Funday fundraiser for Boys and Girls Club. Food, games, music, talent show...2PM-7PM | 220 S.7th St.
bailey and nick
get back on skype I got it back so we can talk :)
Westing: Apple has patented some gestures, but I have no idea how you could ever enforce patents on gestures
No Limit Hold'em. Hours of boredom followed by moments of sheer terror. Tom McEvoy
Door to door sales people tend not to stay as long if you answer the door nakie I just found out!
Its Efffffinngg FRIDAY! :)
The Year Of Fear Has Begun!!!!!!
West Virginia State Game!!! Throw that ball strike(:
Be sure to pick up a copy of today! 's #TheIllusion is featured in the Summer 2012 Guide!
Lord, FatherSonSpirit God, make me to delclare your glad tidings today.
I Love Women But I Only Want One That I Cn Call Mine!!
James Franco is in Arlington...omg,someone take me to arlington please.
its not a fantasy, but its Phone sex
A big hello back from across the big pond!
John Carter of Mars Needs his Mom
how can we be lovers if we cant be friends
Really dig Bright Eyes... But these days I prefer the solo album. Sick batch of songs. if you like songs and dont like him u might be dumb.
Any questions about lesson rates, areas of specialty or available lesson times send an email to
Great to catch up with in Orlando. His sticker books are a big hit in my house!
Excited to travel to Charlotte tomorrow to meet with and #RCR to talk about promoting the #AdvoCare500 and
with the best song being "marshmallow world" . Just a classic.
So then all stylists are potentially rogue criminals?
you've got two days to get in the proper holiday spirit, missy
exactly. Hopefully its a good thing lol
I seriously need bar buddies
fresh new apple macbook battery... AAAAhhhhJesss.
Dan the dad is here!
And the ESPN love affair of the Yanks continue, postgame intv w Jeter longer than any highlight they showed tonite-no joke
old women of the united states: you are NOT allowed to be braless and wear a white wife-beater when your boobs sit on your lap. i can nips.
welcome to the twitters!
Hedy delivers great into of mayor
Nice day<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
I can't wait to go to the lake this summer. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><U+2764>
Is it meant to be historically accurate?
#Imagine Harry bought you a bracelet with an engraving in it. He smiles at you as you whisper the text:''Forever yours. Love, Harry.''
James tonight at HOB. Feels like college.
#2012c19 Travis Foster opening up the idea of generation and a lovely re-reading of the word "conspire" as "breathing with"
I miss you! Can't wait to see you soon:) xoxo
you guys have such good on camera chemistry. You all look like you're having fun or you're really good at faking it ;-)
if guys get boner pills covered by insurance,women should have birth control covered,cheap,& accessible
Our own Jessica Tribble explaining #mystery on this morning between 8am and 10am, ABC15 in Phoenix. Go Jessica!
I left a trail through the NY Times crossword puzzle this morning.
There are clouds in the sky - what a beautiful sight! If it rained, it would be perfect - fingers & toes are crossed!
Cecil Fielder & Albert Pujols
Sorry, hon. We're trying to refinance which is less depressing but oh the home value is sad. ((hugs))
Days like this make me think I have a garden #angel!
it's true
Helping a real estate investor purchase a rehab home using our "private money". This is under utilized sources of financing.
After months of #writing I'm almost done with my new project
Hate to watch #Nats' Jason Werth injury.
u got a habbo really me too wat yo name on der
James Thurber~ You might as well fall flat on your face as lean over too far backward.
I'll be home soon.
Nobody's perfect, you don't have to be.
Don't feel special. I only keep your number in my phone so I know not to answer when you call..
Check out in the Picks & Promos this week
I don't remember how they got there but I guess I must have killed them.
RT: : I know I will die alone, but loved.
Up early on my day off. Have a long to do list must get it all done!
Time to grind and get mine!
Hey del how your weekend so far
On my way to Dallas and my favorite hotel !
Officially dead. Zayn has killed me. Bless.
Studying is so fun :/
I know who u are:(
thank you for the support. <3
I cook with wine. Sometimes I even add it to the food. ~W.C. Fields
"What if..." scenarios are excellent subjects to write about. <-Fear evokes imagination.
Buffalo folks. Im headlining a show at Mr Goodbar, 2nd floor, this Saturday at 9:30pm. 7 bucks gets you in. will be on the show
- check the fridge, there is a St. Patty's day surprise! #beerfridaysareback cc:
Good morning! Hope everyone had a great weekend! Get the week started off right with an intense workout. Do Work!
What's your fav end zone dance you have done this year
One of the brilliant things about reading the ancient Greek writers is that they never make the mistake of considering humility a virtue.
I'm with you, doesn't know what a black and mild is??
Why do they keep pitching to Pujols?
We are moving up in the Pepsi Refresh competition! Text "107350" to 73774 right now to vote for us, takes just a few seconds!
Finished with a first draft of my dissertation! I've written 360 pages in the last four months.
saw not one but more than a dozen 'gators on bike ride through the Forest Preserve.
I don't need you and your brand new benz, or your bougie friends<3<3<3
Mexican American ppl that get very upset when someone forgets to add the American part #gtfoh ol sensitive ass.
it was close, but it wasn't what decided the game. Gordons too much
Ryan and I are both looking for part time jobs.. if you know about something that aint Captel please send me a message!
Hoodies=best thing that has ever existed!
that is sick i wish i was in houston to learn from them D;
Stop playing Dora baby and let's go to dinner. Otherwise, Swiper might swipe your food. U can bring boots too :)
Oh yeah...that will help ;)
Boley with the sack and belt discount double check move. Nice job?
I'm going to a bar with my boss
Happy Friday the 13th! What are you doing to stay lucky today? :)
Our first event is right around the corner. So exciting!!
Stress is your worst enemy ... Don't let it effect you.
Man has his will,- but woman has her way. ~Oliver W. Holmes
Gardens and flowers have a way of bringing people together, drawing them from their homes.
RT : "Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions." - Albert Einstein
nm, read the article and see they're dumping Tebow
A few have asked for this game, so let's see who can get the "W'!
Idk why is tweeting but just ignored my call<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I'd pay you if I had the cash... do you take VISA?
Finished Diablo 3 beta with one character... And played half-way thru with another, will probably need to finish some others too :D
It's a great Monday. Start your week off with a smile.
wait... cupcakes?
You are so helpful.
Red & Black where you at?! Go Dawgs!
ribeye or gyro?
Coyote seen roaming the North End. Apparently, he heard good things about "Acme Pasta" on Yelp.
College basketball has too many one handed rebounders. You have to be a two handed rebounder.
don't give up
Or: Rain dampened spirits but Irish were still smiling on Saturday ...
Monty Alexander & Ernest Ranglin - Marcus Garvey - 05:22 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
take a sad song and make it better.
WHAT IS THIS.
contemplating how to embrace my vulnerable side......Been playing too many hard-nosed women I guess.....
thanks. interesting perspectives all around.
that sounds like a pretty awesome autocorrect to be honest
R.I.P Sam!!1 We will miss you. You were such a sweetheart!!
sometimes it feels like a nightmare im never going to wake up from.
Pick Up Line i used today: ME: Are those jeans on sale? GIRL: idunno ME: at my house therer 100% off. RETWEET.
Oh my, BayTOE had his nose photo shopped in his mailer, wonder if they can do that to my big boobs? He looks like he has nose cartilage!
loved seeing you on The show and I love you I can't wait to ready your book and you're doing an amazing job w Cree
Short film #Junshi that I was in won Best Sound Design & Best Narrative at the #VisuallyWiredFilmFestival!
Word! RT : If you're going to Waterstreet tonight for Such Gold/Joywave/Hit The Lights, say hi and buy Joywave merch from me
RT “: If people still make you angry you're not centered.”
Thought the filmmaking discussion went well, thank you to Keith for joining me and to Mrs. Scriven for asking us to participate!
Can't wait to announce the awesomeness! “: Working on it. And hopefully something awesome for the !”
Yes. Agree 100% “: Dan LeBatard is Highly Questionable is the best show ESPN has ever had”
thx so much
WOW. That was a great way to end the season
AIM: afteritendszach - Chat now...or the kitty dies.
different grades! Kindergarten I had too many, and then first or second they were all stolen lol
Just watched Journey To The Edge Of The Universe and I must say, is probably the best narrator ever.
wudd up plz follow jadenbaby11 she my friend she only got 2 followers dats my and sombody else plz follow her
getting McDonald's!
RT : Good luck to on your #glutenfree adventure! Thanks!!!
#aTouraine “Cultural models must B placed at center of society ...Art … becomes language and desire instead of message and representation”
Um? #grammys What is going on?!
Congratulations to for welcoming their first residents today!
Tip to the Kingdom: Your favorite Happy Hour may not be honored today since it is a "holiday." Call ahead to be sure!
you can complain, or you can do something about it...the power is in your hands...
I'm getting so aggravated! I feel like I'm about to burst!
me too. me too.
Do i want an epic packers/bears game? Or a seahawks upset? Go _________, i say.
Ugh! Sickness go away! D:
I told you to stop posting pics of me, man
Ready to see you light it up next year! Fly sweep all day!
Wow..that's good stuff! RT : Dear Jesus, I can afford wine. How about you start turning water into gas?
The painful feeling when I see the one I love with someone else.
Excited to hear Chancellor Joel Klein discuss his efforts to close the achievement gap and bring accountability to NYC’s school system.
No more estimated driving cost on Google Maps?
Mr Ajun I love you!!!!
So sad I can never become a rapper because Birdman stole my rapper name :(
RT : this nigga crazy!!!/ Blonde head n Red head at da #SameDamnTime like my nigga
Welcome to #smchi ! We're thrilled to have you! Aloha!
LOL i have issues
Double Space > Changed Font > Enlarge Period Size > ESSAY FINSHED. 5 pages just turned into 7
thats why I don't trust Robertson. I've said it once I'll say it a million times, he is good. Not great. He doesn'thavewhatittakes
Romney wins Nevada: "It's Mormon in America!"
why? How? Lol
If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make something out of you. -Muhammed Ali
Yes! I am located in NYC :)
i know! i'm officially in love with this actress!!!
[Media tweeps:] Is tumblr new outlet to evade #publicrelations pros or a cheap crowdsource solution to the 24/7 production cycle? Thoughts?
You are one scary guy when you cut people on tough enough. keep up the good work
I don't think anyone can.
better not go to sleep!!
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
RT : Good morning! We're starting out this week better than last, acquainted w/ more foot soldiers in the
Try roasted sweet red peppers and artichoke hearts with your appetizers or entres.
because we have school
Plan time to exercise during the week. Enlist the help of family & friends to make it happen. The chores can wait-take care of you!
I love people with road rage that drive a camero itjust makes me laugh
According to sources, FIU's Mario Cristobal to leave and take the head coaching position at Rutgers.
I had that the other day. Loved it!
OK, the red carpet pool league is happening next year so I can rock my picks for the Ind Spirit Awards!
Jeff Beaver of shares with students why Charlotte can't yet host the Super Bowl. Any guesses why?
We are looking for non profits in need of photography & film projects for our spring '12 Practicum. Please get in touch & fill out an app.
It's all happening at tomorrow! Spots available for vocal coaching with Marta Woodhull after 3pm!
Interesting voices.
at charges of 30 cents a minute, you better only tweet your BEST stuff. =) (and I do appreciate it!)
Happy Hour til 7! Come see Big Mike on the bar for $3 rail drinks, $3 house wine, $3 select drafts!
RT Lots of people want to ride in the limo w/ you. You want someone who'll take the bus when the limo breaks down.
RT <U+266B>The wounded man looks up through his one dyin eye - Says, whad you bring him in here for? he aint the guy!<U+266B>
Glad to hear it! Prost!
damn losing followers :(
Check our $10 off coupon, just click the tab on the left. Cell phone accessories, repairs, or phones.
..thanks to my new follower , I'm working my magic right now.
Hahaa! Got that man on D-lock.
risk risk risk risk.
It was a rough year for sure
Buying drinks at Wet Willies, come find me!!!
Show tonight--a very eclectic event called "Speaking Of..." at the New Hazlett Theater, Pittsburgh, 8 pm. Check it out!
Yes - still alive and kicking... Just nose to the grindstone, that's all.
Having my first Summer Shandy of the year
i will when i get home. :) im at school. Talk to you later. :)
We look forward to serving you so keep us in mind for all of your Fishing Pole Racks.
That could get pretty complicated, if you know what I mean! Unless I bring a stun gun... ;-)
"Nice bike faggot!"
In exactly 7 weeks I will hopefully be taunting my good friend Josh Herion because I beat him at RevTour in boardercross. Its almost time.
You're welcome!:)
Avoid making irrevocable decisions while tired or hungry. ~ Robert Heinlein
samee. i wanna go there soo bad. its not even funny.
oh yeah mabe ya right well even if yeah or no it dosent matter to me anymore so yeah good night girl get better :)
Cody Ross is really strong......
Mexican food<U+E00E><U+E057>
she is one of the very best !!!
can't wait to see you at #tasteofdc !!
Hey Now!!!..have a great one *besos*
same here! i wanna be able to show everyone :(
STRICTLY OFFLINE TIL LATER! TWITTER IS DROP DEAD! RIGHT NOW!
aw poor baby! Hope she recovers over the weekend. Lots of lovin'!
What is happening in #Fringe ? Peter is THAT walter's son wtf???? Did the writers got confuse with the universe?
I could have told you that. :)
Singing all morning, starting not mind being single! Helps I've had the best rebound ever w/my Mavs! 2 games1week!
Alcohol police ?????
Open till 8pm today for all your NYE favorities. Dine in or take out, hope to see everyone out!
SIBLING ABUSE SURVIVOR, "I was told by my brother that I was ugly. As adult, I think I am ugly. The imprint he gave me is deep."
Whoever said, "It's not whether you win or lose that counts," probably lost. -Martina Navratilova
RIP facebook ? 16-20 yr old girls You are not hiding on #Twitter from those " people you can't stand " on Facebook
You wrote the damn song, but WE'RE the freaks?!
stayed up way too late last night. Now facing the drive to G.B. Coffee (check), full tank (check), clean roads (check) ... all systems go !
music made to last /Cc
A fitting conclusion.. Footage of Seau's induction to the #Chargers HOF and Seau playing ukulele.
Google intends to move for a mistrial based on the fact that jury only answered half of the first question it was asked, says Van Nest.
awh c: I wouldn't want to let you go either <3
i'm tired like a zombie-person.
Hello twitter...I'm ready to start tweeting!
Paul Gauguin quotes:... "A compromise is the art of dividing a cake in such a way that everyone believes that he has got the biggest piece.”
Qustir offers a system that will allow companies to make coupons and savings more accessible to their target market.
The road to success is dotted with many tempting parking places.
It's one of those evenings when that one person - just wish he was here.
Do u think it's coincidence that "sky diving" said five times fast sounds like "sky dying" --
let's get a meeting!
who does? Lol
Bwhahahahhahahahahahaa STOP! RT "I just seen tupac at ross arguing over the last pair of red chucks"
I have a feeling the only online activity next week will be for TAX prep..:) At least for some...
Gotta spend money to make money.
okay! Pictures:)
I just heard what she did to me she did the same exact thing to him wit his friend ahaha karmas a bitch glad I ain't wit that hoe lmao
Watching the #2 play #15 Lehigh... admittedly a bit nervous. Lehigh is leading by 2 with 4min left in the half... hm.
I have a really awkward farmers tan on my legs
bout to get into some new music ..
Buy a new one | “: how do you get malware off of a mac? i think i have some”
i saw her livechat she's so sweet<333 Love her <33333
For those intrigued by its mention in our Citypaper blurb, we're offering Chai Masala Tea Cake over the weekend. Get it while it lasts!
VEGASiTES coming soon!
All you do, you do to you.
I love my choir. And watching julia dance likw a freak...
Sad to announce that West Coast Tacos will not be joining us tomorrow night; many well wishes to the swift repair of their truck!
One thing I would like to teach the world is the beauty of being ON TIME...
North Carolina is a backward hellhole, but not alone. Most of U.S. has voted same way. Fundmamental rights should not be subject to vote.
“: Thank you for you kind words on this sad day RIP Etta James " thinking of you my friend! Miss you!
Me and made a delicious dinner! :D practice tomorrow!!!
blu Restaurant is doing another Week of RESTAURANT WEEK 2009! Make your reservations now! 617-375-8550
You're Welcome!
#questionsthatdontgetanswers What's wrong with this expensive couch sitting on the sidewalk?
[] single [] taken [x] trying to figure out how one DOES get into morodor
Why wont it let me follow anymore fans?
Exactly my feeling about it... Waiting for the next update to see if they introduce those missing features.
"It's never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot
RIP Carroll Shelby… Cars are much better because of you.
Kiss another year goodbye. Celebrating 44 on 4-4. Time flies when you are engaged in the battle to re-establish reason.
There has been a lot a questionable stuff written about EVs lately. Consider those sources, folks!
Lmao! I know I just wanted to see if u wud really do it but ok baby.
i need more followers !
A new blog for the New Year on my website:www.thehome-office.com. A new year brings new opportunities to do what you love to do! Blessings!
Steadily working in the field. Couldn't ask for anything more. :)
Shopping!!! :D
OK, I'm still at with a Golden Ticket & free food. Who wants it? Stop by, say Mangia!
Haha RT : If you have a chance to remake Napoleon Dynamite in cartoon form.. You just have to do it." - Nobody
Finally replaced my 4-5yr old MacBook with a brand new Air. This is so cool. Everything works again.
sign me following & gaga. Hiring ppl my record company contacts
great shooting today and GREAT WIN!
May 12th be in the building #JERIMIH LIVE at #KCEVENTSCENTER GET TICKETS NOW!
it was nicely said.
Yes. Done and done. RT : Offshore this week to wash down the road dust?
- I actually met Bette Davis a half a dozen times in the mid 1980's. When I first moved to LA. She'll make a man stutter.
Speaking to Junior & Senior Sports Management Majors at Flagler College in St Augustine, FL this morning.
": #MLB Spring Training games start this weekend!" That makes me so happy.
I know this is kinda early to talk about but, Who else is going to warped tour this summer?
GM tweets have a blessed day and remember to put God first :-)
Wise man.
I'm looking to get a couple bottles tomorrow, does anybody know where I can go & get V.I.P.??
I would say more like 75%
omg havet tweeted since last night :O whats up
My coffee is making me feel GOOD this morning!
MPG Office Trust Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial Results
Willie Nelson Chipotle spot is cool
ima bout to blow UP...a family member has hatted on me....LOVE IT!!!
he'll call just look out for it. Goodluck!
the best revenge is living well. the second best revenge is acid in face. who will love them now?
We have many clients from Canada but we do not do any sales of Canadian property.
lol hopefully it will be and thanks...again!<3
"Post news and tips for a variety." A variety of what?
I love penelope but all of her dresses almost look the same to me.
Agnostic Front Plan 30 Years of NYHC Shows Recap
Unreal.. going to #3rdOT ! looked good in 2nd boys..let's go
David Carradine found dead in Bankok - believed to be suicide by hanging. We have lost our Kung Fu Master.
Well that is a given. I don't necessarily have to reiterate the obvious :)
Hahaha. And it had the potential to! Oh how I miss the Simon team! Have fun in Indy!
awww my roommate just bought me coffee!! Perfect on this crazy cold day. I love that people know i love coffee :)
they should've did that with Iamme and the boyz.
I'm thinking so. it was bad, then better.... now today my head feels two sizes too large.
Everybody at work today!
registered for NEOtech. Let me know if you need a session: Google Apps, Social Learning w/ Schoology, Pod.Vod-casting
Wow. Your band is so ultra-hip that even Shazam can't figure you out.
yes you can.
had a wonderful time presenting the History Day lecture Morgan State University today.
how?! Register rewards?
Dear - if you're going to tweet that a major highway is shut down, how about announcing when it reopens? Sincerely, Late For Work
Going to see Gerald Clayton this evening at the Jazz Standard. CD release of "Two-Shade" www.artistshare.com. Yea!!!
Just read an accomplishment of new OH State Supt; was the youngest principal ever in SD <--not sure this is something to be proud of
Shame on #netflix for supporting that pig Rush Limbaugh. We haven't watched much lately - maybe time to switch to Hulu and cancel
what are u doing paying for it.. Ill give it to u for free in exchange for some tickets. Have not been to the show since March
I'm bilingual--I speak both MLA and Take my serial comma--please. #Englishprofessorhumor (Anything for a break from grading.)
I believed I could change you, I was blind to the truth.
Everybody want that loyal friend who's going to be there threw thick and thin
Just had the most delicious Greek yogurt with a bunch of stuff in it. #nomnom I want more
Man i wish my shirt kums tomarrow
no longer any aspect of this nation remains undivided. Short term? healthcare overturned. Long term? does not bode well.
John Seigenthaler from giving powerful keynote on US civil rights movement at #Fulbrightenrichment seminar
Workin on some new stuff and a new demo!
Amen, #God made you for Greatness. Let's live out His plan for our lives instead of our own.
#WhyDoIAlways fall for your type?
How long is Carl's internship on Phinaes and Ferb? I mean he's been an intern for like 2 1/2 years!
I hate rude people
Why is Groupon a "tech" company? Because they know how to send emails?
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: Comment on remarks friends make. They are more likely to look at your links & recommend to others.
If you think money is more important than humanity then I feel very sorry for you.
Forgot my tinfoil hat today
Biz was the shizzzzzzz RT : RT : OH BABY YOU , YOU GOT WHAT I NEED, BUT YOU SAY HES JUST A FRIEND
Whew. If I'm honest, the apocalypse can happen as long as people like me. But I'm sorry for the hassle of the hack.
i feel like this is i am legend and i am the dog okay
It sux to do things with one hand...but SO worth it!
a tell coach im almost done putin my paper work n bru i had to get my licsence
thanks for writing your books! Just finished the one on Objective C and bought your iPhone book which I'm going through now!
Friday Night Tip on Sat Morning: Try to not leave your CCard @ The Club!
omg! That's awesome!
Mark my words: oct 7 will be mainly GREEN and GOLD in Lucas Oil!!!
Where are you roadtripping miss???
hey I saw a kid that kinda looked like u today... So I thought u would like to know haha okay thanks bye <3
#askbrandon what is your opinion on the zodiac? Like do you believe in it or what?
: on #Hardball? Can't wait to see the recap of it.
Thanks for all your March Madness Book Giveaway submissions! We'll be announcing the winner of last week's giveaway on FB later today!
Hope Lebron watching and taking notes
wait, I think I fixed it! I'm signed in now at least... I think
It is marketing, and customer service, too.
I can't wait to see you and the rest of play tonight! :)
Hi. Happy day to you!!
In the library, spying on my Statistics professor...
the most little things,fuckin drive me nuts.
Post photoshoot pig-out with
#30RockLive "LAY IT ON ME!!!"
Thanks to Sarah () on 90.3 FM for playing "Gypsy Hands" on her show! We appreciate the East Coast love!
It's my last day and I'm going to take it like a man. I already shed blood. Man, brushing your teeth sucks..
Who will be 2012 Queen of the Snows? Find out right here, very soon!
Start out buying diapers in smaller quantities. Make sure to find a good fit & remember newborns get bigger quickly
It's official. Lord Tensai couldn't possibly be any lamer. I am regretting drafting him.
Thx for this factoid. MT : 40% of all vehicle trips are 2 miles or less.Substituting bikes can have a positive impact.
we saw so many awkward looking girls with memorabilia and t shirts on the metro
Autism walk in Denver Co On May 26th get out and walk
Solicit feedback via polls, surveys, etc. But if you're not ready to listen, don't ask!
I got an email they moved it inside
The first sign of madness is talking to yourself, the second sign is replying
I know right! We should talk!
RT : Ah-ha! moment: Ask your employees.
I saw you on Fox 5 news last nite! I'm not gonna say about what... LoL
At a prospect presenting a final budget to launch a boat club.
It doesn't have to be perfect. It only has to be YOU!
Maybe if the offer a million dollar bonus someone will hit a pair of free throws. Both teams have only themselves to blame for losing
I love myself exactly where I am right now in my career. I am on the right path and things are lining up for me.
getting ready 4
Every second is a highlight.
Lunch time @ Narai Thai with
haha sounds terrible but keep it anyways I won't be feeling very selective at that point!
Tired !!!!!! But excited for tomorrow my princess hailey turns 5 super jam packed day planned :) with my love ,kiddies & family
- Will you be able to see your US fans backstage on your US tour w/BTR?
My twitter account was hacked! Just changed my password, and http to https on my account settings. Please let me know if it continues!
haha of course he does!
Chris Brown is a great performer.
oo next time invite me over!
Keeping my head up, he isn't worth my time or my tears. I was happy once without him, I can be happy again..
Happy sunday (:
good to see you tonight.
Up watchin movies .
friday... aaawww snap.
I want to wish everyone a happy and blessed Easter weekend with family and friends and books to read. www.lindaswift.net
I miss you too, beautiful! Can't wait for our romantic summer getaway ;)
So I'm laying down on the coach and my niece thinks it's funny to stab me in the belly button with a crayon, it hurt so bad :(
You Lakers fans are so bitter
Dear world, despite my lackluster term paper, I thank you for the ability to sleep. Love Jose...PS Stop raining on my car!
LOL RT : I have no idea what he just did. Do not ask.
Procrastination plays a crucial role in that it allows a light to shine upon the things we've neglected until this point. JUST DO SOMETHING
Y NO ONE LIKE ME ?
We are very good lawyers for our own mistakes, but very good judges for the mistakes of others
goodnight. There, R U HAPPY NOW!?!
Tyler Palko looks like the mayhem guy from the AllState commercials.
21 Fenton Rd is in Chili off Westside Dr. Updated Kitchen, Lrge fenced yard, lrge 2 plus car gar, everything is done for you just move in
My speakers in my room hit so hard it shakes stuff in the garage :D
Michael not a new option, our hospice used to do it years ago!
Reilly sees in legal cases evidence that property rights of men over women were slowly giving way 2 a more egalitarian relationship
Goodnight Mikey. Don't forget, you're perfect. I love you. <U+E418>
awarded $1.7 million prize. So he's got that going for him, which is nice.
Really, switching to #Linux on an older laptop can be like getting an entirely new machine. I've done it with good results.
the bible would have been a lot shorter if he had turned water into beer.
k well gonna get ready go go to school and be miserable with all the annoying people so.
i thought of him too!
I guess when it comes to my sports teams I should just learn that disappointment is inevitable Winterhawks down 2 at the end of 1
“: rose can't be mvp cus da bulls team too solid” I have to agree with ya on that
Green and yellow.. Green and yellow!
indeed RT : the Water Liars are now live streaming, in the middle of a significant snowstorm. it should translate.
Cash out just broke outta jail, then made cashin out haha !
Waking up from my nap and thinking its Monday morning. So happy it's not.
#Lakers will take out the #Nuggets on Game 7 tonight.
had a patron today 'sneaking' his foot-long sub sandwich into the library, which allows food already ... not exactly 'getting away with it'
Welcome back, #Orioles. Ugh.
I have buttdialed four people today. This tweet is actually being written in my back pocket without my knowledge.
Fake ass friends, the one who I thought had my back is now stabbing me
"she's indecisive, she cant decide ... #eeniemeeniemineymo "
Agree, Marsha! It's crucial.
Are you holding a 4pm presser??
Yes, for the web series Searching 4 Miss Right , it all started as a result of my dating video on youtube.
I see a bad-ass mother who don't take no crap off of nobody!
Late night @ the Tool Academy.
SO disgusting to' Boo at the Pres's wife, And the Vice Presi' Wife. Michelle's Face tells it all. She was Hurt!
U think a cat will get smarter if u fed it dog food?
I'm annoyed how easy you made it on the new person ... :)
jury duty today!!! they sent letter after letter if i dont go it's a fine or jail what do i do?
Are u wearing little green 2 nite 4 St pattys day? U should because everyone is Irish 2day even Jules!
Hi! I just sent you an email about our Taste of Italy event at the Italian Embassy. Hope you can make it.
Why you gotta, why you wanna make me keep wanting you?
thanks potty dotty!! Lol
A major presentation & our launch party today = lots of activity & prep w/ team. Can't wait 2 see everyone tonight!
Wide awake reading The Grapes of Wrath? :)
if they want to open up and show their world then they can't go back when convenient
Can't wait for tomorrow! #sixflags WHOOP WHOOOPP :)
Tore his pectoral muscle today
I'm ready to start drinking
What's your opinion on 21st Jump Street?
Party tonight!!:)
yes that will do just fine.
flight leaves sat night. when do you get in?
Pink bats in Texas are turning red hot..Rangers 10..Angels 2..bottom of 5th.
Have I mentioned lately that is awesome? idk why, but I felt the need to say so...
serious withdrawal “: Tearful eyes. Heavy hearts. Can't lose. #FridayNightLights”
The damned coward left me to face hostile stares as I stepped inside Petigru's house. I could not have imagined a worse future general.
BOI needs a director with current hands-on experience at similarly sized airport.CCDC director was chosen by CCDC not the City.
so people don't know how to hit reply or copy and paste? You shouldnt have to change it!
i will be there to see
if the reports are true, i guess i best start using google+ more often! :)
Me:i feel as tho im OH SHIT I FORGOT ABOUT MY RAMEN *le runs upstairs* that happens everytime i make ramen XD
Take cover 'Burgher! It could get rough!
purchase a beat and record 4 free at , DM me for details
Yankees r gettin ass raped in Boston by Mics
Interesting that CD is using basic concepts in the social sciences: norms, conventions, constructions, etc. Should #hastac2011 be HASSSTAC?
The O'Reilly factor I noticed has RACIAL UNDERTONES Straight up BILL O'REILLY IS A RACIST ....
Sexy dentist: Have you been flossing? Me: Yes!!! In My Mind: You and I both know I haven't been flossing!!!
"If it cannot be us, let it be our children who lead us to peace."
Can't sleep, took too many naps throughout the day >.<
Robin Yount presenting Ryan Braun with the MVP award. Really great moment
Still plenty of good seats, eh ?
you're lame. Get off twitter.
Okkkayy RT : I know right other side of the earth n shit. I'm about to text you
I love that RT Growth requires learning from painful experiences by recognizing the role we have played.
i know right aggresive tops r wut make the world go round lollol love me an aggressive top
what did she do?
you are crazy... Phaedra tolerable??? lol
Nice chatting tonight. See you at some other events I'm sure - let's stay in touch!
Tweetahs! Be inspirational on this Wonderfully Wacky Wednesday! Woohooo!!
I actually approve! Although, they should ban cell phones if that happens...can you imagine soccer moms on cellphones going 85?
That awkward moment when you have a better chance at finding Waldo than a boyfriend.
Little girl, big hoop dreams
ha! I'll be sure not to bounce too high.
my bad i sent you precise dj pack for his latest joint "shot's fired" off of the shots fired soundtrack
Katherine is safe.... Figured that.
RT : I was mainly looking for a good burger from Burgatory. Tessaro's and make much much better burgers.
would it replace a control surface? I was contemplating the move...
A little Watch the Throne on for a Monday.
RT : the day i notice a cyclist obey a stop sign is the day i'll stop enjoying watching them bounce off my hood.
i will get you to love new girl. should have won a golden globe
Oddly enough I made two batches of cookie dough tonight, but they're getting baked tomorrow.
The people at museum bar are mean
its here in my cities dist ctr, i'll call them in the AM and see if there is any hope of picking it up:)
hiring the best UX Designers and Rock Stars! We wanna talk to you if yr here at
BTW I LUV YA GUYS, so keep following, ill follow back, and add me on myspace!xD !:)
Do not understand craps...
RT I love diet coke with ice <U+200E><U+200B><U+2661>
Hello Monday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> Rise & Grind <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Thanks Lizz! All is well. Hope you are doing great too! :-)
that's fine!
They should have gotten Carl Lewis to do the national anthem.
for sure been a minute!!
agreed, it's extremely sad & if something happens to social security it's going to be worse...
Raleigh to DC in 3.75 hours.. think I set a new record
: At least Meg won't be there with her fist flying! Lol.
haha why dont you say how much you miss me an well talk love !
6 - that's awesome, we will be at jack st. game, hoping to go to Georgia too
No, the magenta dye stained EVERYTHING. Ugh. Nightmare.
Well that would've been nice to know an hour ago.
Ok, Charlotte was cute...Ready to move back to New York.
but i can help You if You want because i am latin (:
can I mention you in my new book? Like as an appearance?
6 days till two months<3
Another Monday, God help me.
This morning's spotting session for "Piranha: 3DD" went well. It's gonna be wet. It's gonna wild.
Never been a fan of hiding behind effects..
RT : And he already has 1600 followers! RT : Your attention please. The squirrel is now tweeting RT
Watching SAW V... I don't understand the whole roman newmeral thingy so I don't know what V stands for...
Thanks for leading, and to , , , , , for a great chat today.
You go to Baby Blues and don't tell me!? You know I live RIGHT there! I now understand why Bobby left you...
First five people to tell us the name of their favorite local blogger win a free mocha or latte! Ready...Go!
you go EVERY weekend
its kinna boring here too!
You may be bored.. But Atleast youre a dope rapper
Please marry me
Pre-Calculus final tomorrow..gutted!
Lol a very excellent shirt.
Your son is on the wrong side of history.
Peace on earth and goodwill to all people. Happy New Year !
Idk, if I'm him I look at what happened to Elia and go "LOL fuck that."
hah thanks! Feel free to pass on to your class.
LOL @ fart in a tissue box. Watching it now haha.
with Sydney and Spydaddy of course!
Giving my talk "PUBLISHING IN 2020" at Int'l #Book Conference, Barcelona, Spain, June 2012.
#favoritemovieever Full Metal Jacket
Only five days until Egg Nog returns!!!
Could Zimmerman have said "I have a gun", then pulls it, Martin backs away and he still shoots him in the chest?
Using a CDplayer for portable music<
Speak consoling to all and learn to do more listening then talking. Its okay to listen and learn about someone other then Ur self! P,L&H
"I'm going out of my mind, All day & all night." I love Niall's part. :) x
ditto! Enjoy one of the last weekends of summer! :)
": ok have a gud day ahead!!! Best wishes !!" Thank u, u have a good night too:)
My life just freakin sucks cuz of basically everything ugh -___-
Ate dinner out on my porch tonight. Could have never done that in Seattle!
Cooper one hero. Fantastic Four D, McCarty & Meara others.
right now i can honestly say i can't find one thing wrong with my life worth changing...
Yeah...since end of Jan. First time at odds with the office...hope it doesnt affect happy hour...
New cd release party Saturday Aug 20th Follow to Get FREE download!
Somewhere, James Franco is studying, painting, directing a movie, writing a poem, and laughing *hard*.
I believe I'm wining
Anyplace online, radio or TV to catch the announcement at 3:00?
I'd probably do it, just to be safe. Unless it's insanely fast or something.
If you need cheering up just look in a mirror !!! You are amazing !!!! #WOW :)
Meek Mill new mixtape is fire ..
Thanks for the RTs -- You are welcome! Please follow me. Thank you!
Almost there!!!!!!
I agree Paul, but somehow had a problem with Detroit 187's sets. It all felt like a student film project shot in an abandoned warehouse.
That horrible feeling when you feel like your friends don't care about you anymore.
1 day someone is going to break 40 seconds in the 100 yard free. And that will be a crazy day. It will happen.
Thanks, Becker!
Definitely want to chat. Our plans include enhancing the system that supports our online social place @ Emory - Learnlink.
yes they are!
That's true, ROH does need a identity.
just listened to your podcast #3. As a fellow dad and former startup founder, I #appreciate your work/life balance reflections.
RT : A2: invite program staff to get involved Otherwise risk a lack of buy-in, bad project idea, failing at grant obj.
#doublehtown be to live n the club #whomad"
aw no matter what we will always be together OneAndOnly<3
Reading some amazing comedy scripts! Nice work this pilot season! :)
I'll have to see when I get on my Mac...
Holy Musical B New favorite! has done it again!
My heart stopped when I saw Jason Reitman under my phone's contacts. Then, I realized it also lists the folks I follow on twitter.
where is your new restaurant in San Diego going to be? Thanks.
Today's tip: At every meal eat a rainbow of colors. The more variety of colors in your food, typically the more well-balanced it is.
ILLUMINATE WAS RECORDED IN ALTANTA
Tough day of #publichistory. Delicate balance (btn accepting mediocrity & pushing a community volunteer to aim higher) upset. Moving on!
Why is it the day you HAVE to dress up is the day you least want to??
Friend: You think money grows on trees ?! Me: No !!!! it falls out of the sky.
Anywhere and everywhere :)
glad I was included <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
world peace meditation Friday oct 28th My Name Is Mahataa site
The Green Goddess was hittin' on all 8 tonite. Delicious!!!!
oh ok...u got a snippet of it?
interesting? Sounds interesting
I feel like steppin out
Ruins is kickin my ass today
This time yesterday u was fightin nd now cause yo friends say something u switch gears...Im show u wasnt saying i love u too (s)omebody else
agreed with Mattee !
Moreso than a back-up QB, and more for 2013 is my goal.
unless you have nothing, in which case...carry on.
We need 2 more followers till we reach 400!! Who will those people be?!
Anybody's adrenaline still pumping from last night's glorious victory? Mine is. It's going to be a good week.
Unfortunately that's not a number anyone has for certain. IIHS claims its low, NHTSA says it must be high.
My cat does that all the time. :/
I'm so stressed out. This is why I hate relying on people to do their work in order for me to do mine.
omq plz follow me<333 if u did i would be so happy
Uhm? get dang twitter on your phone!!!
beats are so fucking dope. Everyone should feel this shit!
#JamesTweet Two words I love to hear....Creative Control.
We just attended an internal #IT presentation of BI tools for marketers. It was so complex that nobody got it. Where is the "easy" button?
nap or studying...such a tough decision
i'm having a lot of conflicting thoughts today, so i'm kinda sad :(
RT : RT : Remember when Rep. Peter King marshaled assets to directly threaten the stability of Northern Ireland?
is my arch nemesis today
Cool! Which work? Glad to hear it's making its way into T101.
Damn right you're sexy!
I think I will have to give it a go. Thanks, by the way, for the blog and podcast. So much great stuff. And iPad at Work!
it was dark and i almost stepped on a little kitty :( someone call PETA on me
"I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who …
Headed to port orchard tonight, looking to pick me a redneck fight.
weddings are a very small percentage of receptions they call almost everything with a group of people receptions. I think I do.
it be the best present i ever had and promise i would try not to touch your ass if you dont let me lol
me and Matt are at bobby Evans
just had an amazing rehearsal for friday's show! this is gonna be a fun one, guys :)
Eat watermelon all year long nigga
The real truth- Star Trek sucks.
That time you don't feel well, spend an 45 minutes writing a report, and then the website refreshes and erases the whole thing.
We are crooked souls trying to stay up straight.
#Romance tip of the week: Take care of your mate when he or she is sick. Even though the mood may not be romantic, the gesture still is.
beautiful day here in Block Island going 2 ride some waves :)
#AskBuddy Do you support increasing national R&D funding for renewable energy? Increasing NSF, NIH funding for basic science research?
Heyy we are gonna be in LA next weekend!! Are y'all doing anything live that you know of yet? Would love to see y'all again :)
Need a title/escrow rep in the Puget Sound that won't say "No" to helping me get the word out about HARP 2 to #realtors. Any suggestions?
Thnx 4 the #FF & right back at ya! Have a great weekend! Stay productive!
Firefox 13 Beta gains speed boost with SPDY by default
Any relation to Harry Morgan, Colonel Potter from M.A.S.H.?
Damn that's crazy shit at the Woodbridge Mall. just another of the 10,000 ways to die ..shoplifting ..smh
i would run if the baby kitten came it would be like "GET IN MY BELLY!!!" lol
Guess what's new on my shopping list for India?.. Lucky charms and dishwasher detergent action packs. :)
Sun 4/17: Mark Towns on bass w Yvonne Washington Trio feat pianist Gilbert Sedeno at Eddie V's Kirby Dr - Houston
#HolidayGift My finding out I'm pregnant after being told I can't have childern anymore
"take a joke like you take a dick" NEVER!
yeah, mornings are tough. But, we survive and thrive.
: At any given moment you have the power to say: This is not how the story is going to end<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A1>
"Lisa, as your brother this is the hardest thing I have ever had to say; you're not ugly."- Bart
JuwanxKaysha=Forever...But Nelle N TJ WAS A GOOD COUPLE BUT TJ NOT READY YET...
It a cabin! And tubing down the river! I have never camped before and don't intend to...
#LMSunSIG "soft slipper syndrome": it's so comfortable we don't want to get rid of it
Rumour has it that we have a RAD venue for our next workshop... Can't wait to hear!!
merry Christmas :)
ahahahahahahaha!!! i laughed out loud when I saw this!!!
Even though it makes me a glutton for punishment , I am a die hard NY Knicks fan till I die !
Ugh, just like the Sabres!
I'm not afraid to cry every once in a while even though going on with you gone still upsets me
just drove 8 hours from Miami to see you. Would be great to meet you bruv!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you still have food in your spirit bag from last wgi
The cupcakes were amazing! Thanks for your dedication. I appreciate you so much. I look foward to our next endeavor. :-)
Other than Daniel Day Lewis, any suggestions? RT I need a good cobbler & a good place to get a bag fixed in Boston. Anyone?
Way cool!
new planet = ??
days how I get down son ! Jus like that !...
Spaz needs to go for it.
$AAPL falling off a cliff this morning.
Why did I do the Zumba fitness workout again?!?!
EI is being decimated by your NYS BEI Staff!
Great time moderating discussion on Tony Bennett for the Jazz Museum in Harlem last night. Bennett's a living icon of good taste.
Python threw an AssertionError exception, it says I'm not allowed more than 100 groups in a regular expression.
RT: “: Single women are found to be more attracted to men who are taken than to those who are available.
Alex should of won the Glee Project.
soon_ need any help?
Thanks & Right Back Atcha!!! Have a fab weekend!
Yay! You should give a ride home.
World’s Biggest Engine - Most Powerful Engine –
Such an Epic day today with needing out. Gotta love
Getting irritated and annoyed!! This don't make no sense this dang early in the morning.
true gentlemen
Nappy time!
Digging into some David Foster Wallace essays for my nonfiction writing class
I'm only going to be gone until Saturday. So why do I panic so much about everything?
It's sometimes beneficial to forget what you know
Heyy sweetie! u need to come to Chi so we can do a softball rematch with the celebs and radio folks!
thanks! I'm also 99 days smoke free today. Not bragging...it's just taken me a long time to get to the point action. lol
Amen to that Dr. West MT : Chuck Brown, the "Godfather of Go-Go," will be missed. This brother had a deep love for humanity.
Thanks to for the #FF!
my sink and bathtub is plugged up.
Honestly done giving a shit about anyone.
Saying "no" before someone finishes their sentence.
not sure how I'm JUST discovering this but is pretty darn cool...check it out. awesome
#nowwatching teen TV w/ the girls. Someone save me
My money's on a massive methane buildup from factory farms...
o I want Zaina.
you have a lovely night tonight too! I'm ready for my wind down right about now. R&R
Thank you. Check out and their Facebook page for more guitars & stuff.
Happy Happy Birthday Girl!
where u wrk at
Next stop: NYC!! Technically next stop is Houston, but that doesn't count
I don't get some of the kids my age and younger. They are deprived of real rock. Seriously, listen to Black Sabbath, Van Halen, AC/DC etc...
Garden State soundtrack on Spotify & a box of questionable gummies in hand.
HEY TWEETIES GO N FOLLOW MY NEWEST FOLLOWER RT
Music ringtones annoy me now.... my phone just live on vibrate!
is she being ratchet as usual <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Being hungry but not wanting shit in the refrigerator <<<<<
oh lord hahah
Only thing I've heard was that Zimmerman had injuries from a fight. Granted he was following someone around in the dark...
Thank you for the #ff It's greatly appreciated!
in fact, that was the 2nd 1/2 of the speaker's statement!
wow, do you sleep?
Good! Haha, we'll see about getting you a variety show.
Don't get left behind- follow rising country star 's opening for #blakeshelton in August!!
Wow. Glad you sent. I caught wind via another route - see next tweets.
Just signed up for and loving it so far.
Follow back please hah
I've seen him before!! He's nuts.
“: A fax? You're sending me something via fax? What is it, an important document from 1993?”
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.
I nominate #MalcomX as the next American Saint.
The applications are out, get 'em while they're hot!!
. says gamification is effective for B2B companies to thank advocates without giving them something of monetary value
Librarians are sensitive to their own self-image--negative ebook opinions reinforce the self-loathing.
Tune in to on am 1570 in a few. I'm talking
Visited Bull Run-Manassas and MLK Memorial in the same day ...sure this is significant but A&J meal in between =
Absolutely. I wrote specific code to test for corresponding screen touches for each letter press (lest people try to cheat).
so i was in a bad mood on the way to work and the incredible sound of "the impression that i get" pepped me up
Miss hanging out with and ):
Looking for great NYC mobile presenters for our event next week. Let us know if you're interested in presenting!
. believes in a consumer bill of rights, but what about the actual bill of rights? We need to reform
... playing for the Big XII crown!
Highd The Fuck Up On The Bus
Its like walkin in antarctica in my room
lol that is a good question!!! :)
What an incredible game!!!! Let's go KU!!!!
END THIS GAME (with a win) I AM HANGING OUT WITH MY FRIENDS AND BEING LAME!
yours is a shameful attack on Catholicism. I don't like the politician Santorum, but he is mostly an orthodox Catholic.
Great live remote from Meet the Pros event today at Los Angeles Valley College. Thanks to all the film biz Pros who came out!
maybe its just the similarities of Jeff Bridges' character to the detective that I find hillarious. What's a book you like?
Woah! That would be cool. Buut its not that were not friends the only reason we don't talk is cause your phone is gone.
Church Rock Club show 3-2-11 Feat: Gravitas, Hadrians Heroes, Matt Koelsch & the Allies, and Patrick Coman. Hit us up 4 directions & details
"132 at Bush I've got em at gunpoint"
The most difficult task of the day......deciding where to go for lunch!
Wow I seen Ana today haven't seen her since like junior year in high school
hi text me re: life updates
Watching Brian May guitar tutorials on youtube helps A LOT!
“Great minds discuss ideas; Average minds discuss events; Small minds discuss people” ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
#ECET2 Can you revitalize the teaching profession without teachers? Not if you want the impact to reach the students and last over time
A panhandler's tooth fell out of his mouth and onto my lap during my commute. How's YOUR morning?
I wantd my own twitter page,but it has become too hard for me to manage :( I'm keepin ,but will be tweeting from
next time you plan to visit NYC gimme a holla! And the honor would be all mine ;)
who made u made????
Yep, Gerry's at the store (Aldi's, of all places...) and is getting some!
Will be on the Larry Young Morning Show (WOLB 1010 AM) at 9 am to discuss the 9th District City Council race.
Get more Race for the Cure LA info at www.komenlacounty.com/race and spread the word, follow March 24 is coming up!
Just picked up my first ILL book ; love this university staff benefit!
how does it feel.to be free??
I went to 's channel to see the message that says it's down but I turn to it and see news I run around the livingroom and scream
Practice, practice, for recording starting thursday.
Dang, Zuckerberg bought Instagram? He's DEEP in the game!
Mariachi music competition! Tucson Festival of Books.
There is this homeless meth-head playing guitar chanting my deejay name. It's weirding me out!
I SET FIRE TO THE RAIN.
Heading up to Boston w/ to catch the east coast's first Red Bull Thre3style - stay tuned DC
#Northwestern vs #Illini game at #Wrigleyfield this Saturday. Will YOU be watching?
Goodbye, neck beard.
"Success is how high you bounce back after you hit the bottom"
Having one of those days when I'm so engrossed in a project I've entirely forgotten to eat. This explains the headache.
#ThingsThatINeed A personal hair stylist <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086>
I am wired!!
I love the comment by the security chick... "you're not going to put that on Facebook or anything right?" Haha. Dumbshit.
I had a great sitcom audition for "Counter culture" today...thanks to the wonderful caster Jill Anthony Thomas and her staff!
I love it when they do that!
Watching soul surfer in french. #devil'slanguage
Thanks Jen. Happy Friday!
US Title and Closing Services, LLC was founded in 1998 by former bank executive Ronald Kaminsky and real estate attorney William Judge.
Morrow I see you! All net, all nite!
MAN WE GONE OFF THAT DROSKI BIG UPS BOTTOZ MONEY IN DA BANK WELCOME TO MONEYLAND BIG J STAKKS AND K. LEE NEW MEMBAS RAY MASK JR JIMMY BOTTOZ
- thanks for the follow. I hope I'm useful to you.
Went to Banjo practice! Great music, people, fun!
you never know with you...your little sister knows the whole shots song...SHE'S THREE!!!
MITT ROMNEY is quite suited for what the GOP wants. They don't NEED MITT ROMNEY because they do not TRUST MITT ROMNEY. NLD Mom/ca. survivor
they're fucking dumb. LeBron and dwade are about to get turnt up for sure
-- wow, youre getting very eco-political
Working on course conversion for Comp I. Funsville.
Statistics be damned when you're playing a team full of head cases like the Cowboys.
That's kind of my fascination. Things change for no apparent reason, well after the game film is etched in stone. Fun to make fun.
Working full time, being a mommy & Tuesday play-in nearly makes brackets a March chore ala spring cleaning
PPSS is closed on Sunday, see you tomorrow!
Did they even freeze these pucks? They freaking bounce like crazy...
Matt Flynn, AND me? In the same stadium? For Monday Night Football? I'm pretty sure this has to happen.
I'm not getting any sleep tonight
omgsh awe thank you so much :)
Cannot. Take. Anymore. Kid. Shows. Glad my nephew is enjoying himself but....
Especially missing NYC as kicks off this week - wish I were there!
Because it's insanely popular and I don't want to come off like an dismissive asshole.
Cano looks lost
Getting Very Excited For The Rios Family & Friends Fun Day...Sunday, July 26, 2009...tailgating starts Field at Mile High!
Hmm... do you think RJ would be willing to share one with Jimmy?
Why is this guy walking this cat!
thank you very much and looking forward to seeing you tonight!
Completely understood...
Everyone should check out Jaypee Brothers Publishing. Their books are very good. Similar books from other publishers cost 5 times as much.
lmfao im surprised my boss has been so nice to me lately xD
Spending the day doing homework. Unfortunately life is not all fun and games
I hate projects and im getting one every week -.-
Happy Mother's Day,
I had a good day today at skool =)
Yes. $1. Unenforced too. RT : It's only $1 to jaywalk in Boston! That's the best criminal deal going!
for the record, I hate international soccer but that was amazing!! sports are awesome!
ya and now im ready to be done with this stupid game so i can go to sleep we are going to a water park tomorrow
I'm looking for strong Java Engineer that has Spring and would like to learn MongoDB and AWS!! Hit me up at 267-765-6100.
Great time last night at Plfugerville College Fair. Off to Skillpoint Alliance College Fair & BEST College Fair 2nite. Stop by & say hi!
That's too detailed. RT : Official injury report: Bulaga has a knee injury. His return is questionable.
About to get n this nice hot shower and take a nap, b4 Curtis come back, b back later ttyl B-)
haha what do you mean? and nothing, just seeing what was up since we didn't get to hang out this past weekend
Our weekly meeting: today in Philips 414B, 8pm. All the cool kids are doing it.
I can't blame you for being ansty. I would rather be on the beach(well anywhere in Hawaii) than sitting in the airport.
Go check us out on Facebook!
LOL i love it when u talk dirty!!
I feel it in my fingers, I feel it in my toes...
Philly folks: We have a huge pile of books that we have to give away or throw away. Don't let that happen! Come on Saturday for free books!
while my parents are screaming at my sister im just sitting here talking to my friend all like "yep unicorns are fantastic"
Olivia Serie V Torpedo 6x56 is a fine smoke.
I wish the evidence of a fight had been released much earlier. That said, I maintain you answer a fist with a fist, not a gun.
Lol I know. One game at a time. We definitely have the momentum in this series.
Faith Desire Persistence=Success
Nation is under pressure to figure out how to do more with less. But no limit on ideas... community energy. Anne Haddix
I didn't realize how much I like my toes until I spent a week unable to feel the little ones. I miss you, guys. Please come back.
Joseph & Vanderpool goes live! After soft launching in 2010 we now proudly build and manage brands all over the Nashville area.
Suck it, Creen. “: UK's highly ranked, lets hope fans don't rush field. “TomCreen: UK comes to Bloomntn to play IU... In Baseball"”
We need to come to understand that we are a Judaism, the Judaism that honors Yeshua.
thanks for coming! More #YPWeek events in your future?
2012 Los Angeles International Flamenco Festival. Let's do this, support flamenco!
NFL is all posted from 160 cappers today with 10 consensus also consensus on Bowl with UNR and Over tonight...See ya @ the window
We are buddies now.
Me Home Alone = Loud 1D Music (;
Ps...And I did get my great cups of coffee today, too..lol..BAMM "THE JOURNEY OF A MUSIC PRODUCER" Becoming a Legend.
maybe it's not too important to do -____-
I know.. love you too!
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
...hoe's find it yet some how i dont seem to mind it" -j. cole. come threw all my sexy ladies!
Its because of your grammar. RT : Y'all hoes think y'all have hella followers bc y'all tweets good . No you're just a cute face
Feed back!!! Damn spell check
I keep up Data Capture Systems Graphics knows how 2 use a bike message had to do it to learn my product #pagercodes EZ View
Very disappointed. Had to lock my account, at least for now. Just got inundated with 30 new followers, each one stranger than the last.
RT: Looks like is rubbing off on all of #TeamBlake! RT if you're loving all the country twang happening.
At work and it's a mad house tonight...
No, Where u been ?!
Asheley Smith on dance crazes and technological reproduction. A la Benjamin, what is lost and gained in the process?
New design idea's in the making get hype people
I'm wondering if the word 'heap' belongs anywhere on a menu.
yes -- page after page of select all, skim and delete! made it easy for the most part
thanks for the great show. Can't wait for the MidWinter beer fest on Feb 19th
And their fucking slogan is "city folk just don't get it"
Why are students not buying what we're offering?
& tell my TOG peeps I said, Hello! I miss u guys!
had some big minutes in that first half, enjoy tonight and the next few days.
Maybe the universe is trying to tell you something about that Bears jersey...
can i get a follow please my brotha??!!!
Find out what University of Kentucky Police plan to do for the Georgetown YMCA after a lost gun resulted in the cancellation of a...
#MusicFlow till I K.O.. Night twitter. (:
Irritated bored!!!
how long did it take you to learn the saggy pants sketch??? :D lol
How did you expect beckett to sound? He just got creamed out there. You would say he didn't care if he sounded happy, too.
watching CMA Country Christmas. You should too!!!
being that its the sox I always have the feeling. But I think we can pull this one off
I was the Organizer & Producer of hosting it was a bonus! & were the Awesome Benefactors *Winks*
or light up cigar with lit money while laughing at them. Guaranteed airtime ;-)
psssshhhhh we're all seeing dj in nyc tonight
#FF brilliant writers
Life is like a box of chocolates!
Our Westside location is relocating! In the interim visit us at UPTOWN! northwest corner of louisiana and menaul!
My ear hot
Sorry should've warned you!
Skip is about to destroy Lebron
the #teaparty is the common sense people's movement!
What color would you like to see on the next generation of Buddy Bike Sport bike equipped with NuVinci drivetrain?
20 minutes till I get to watch
wow, that M.G. Apple Guide is really crazy in retrospect. So much happened to both since then.
Playing stuff off the new album, recorded with hipster producer Rick Ruben. This is why he's seling out ATT instead of Branson.
Wow. I didn't know it was that recent. I would have thought it was before that!
He who hesitates is lost
It would make me the happiest if we decide to kick it tonight <3 [:
Just took my mom to see "Madea Gets A Job" Truly something special!!! I love the play and he is truly inspirational! :)
trying to enjoy my "spring" break, but with temps in the 40s....it's a stretch!
I know right...haha
joys of home ownership: i now have a recurring appointment in Outlook for "Trash Night"
Spring break starts tonight!! <3
thank YOU for supporting the EFF! And happy reading!
is excited about Beijing!
Ok get that $$$$$ tho I feel yu on that... I work nights an be tired as hell, I'm at home bouta make me sum noodles lol
I've been on this computer networking all day, now it's bed time for me. Good night every one.
That would explain a lot.
the wifis are back! thank you for fixing everything!
Hi! I can send you a link tomorrow.
We are signed up for #CreativeCloud #CS6 and we can't wait for it! *Drooling*
Is It gonna be on 106 too?
This is CHAOS I wannt food >>>>watching food network to ease the pain <<<<
No rumor. Visiting in Feb with a goal to move by summer.
IEPPal News - 4. The price of IEPPal RIGHT NOW is $97.50/year when you purchase a two year license.
damn u suck :(
''I wanna go on a diet..lets go to McDonalds!''
Why is YOLO popular all of a sudden? Was there seriously a problem of people thinking we lived twice?
NYC #1 PRINTING & GRAPHIC DESIGN COMPANY! www.800printingnyc.com
can anybody tell me how to make tumblr gifs and video gifs ? lol
RT : such interesting stuff! Learned a lot including what a marconigram is.
what's up erd, long time no see how's life?
So hows everyone?
En route to to pick up our new allotment
at grandmas <3
Puerto Rican, Mexican, and most European douches feel the need to drive shitty cars fast. Why is this?
Whoa my back hurts. Yesterday was so silly!
All hands on deck at Legends 102.7!!!!
My art: I limit my ability to determine results so I may only play freely within given sets of options. It's like life just deliberately so.
Man oh man this is going to be a long week.
LOVE YOU 2..
1/2: "A writer’s brain is full of little gifts, like a piñata at a birthday party."
Shoot! Just got spammed by hundreds of non real no profile pic twitter followers. What should I do? Can block them all one by one!
Delta is a racket. $25 for a checked bag. $4.95 for internet for an hour. Free Club Soda though.
roll my weed on it, thats an ass-tray.
next time? i think.
Lukas! I've been wondering about you but couldn't find you. I was misspelling your name. You don't use this much, do ya? ;)
Close game at Miller Park tonight against the Chi-town Cubs. Go Brewers!
The rain seems to have cleared up in Point Loma, so our Sunday morning football games are still on today!! Hope to see everyone out there!!
Word. It's good straight up.
is opening on Tues May 8 during dinner only. It will be open Tuesday-Saturday. No posted menu quite yet....soon!
Mostly because I feel dumb when I realize they're not actually talking to me! :(
heyy, long time no see..how you been?
RT to win: : : is giving away 10 copies of PhotoAlbums+ for #iPhone & #iPad via - #Cydia required
I bet you're not as good at typos as - he's like an expert on them :)
It would be easier to see pull out feasible if there was better national leadership a la India.
RIP Whitney Houston. Amazing talent and voice.
wow we needs to talk ASAP
RT Fun relay team names: Donner Party 2012, We Don't Give a Split, Chix with Pumped up Kix, & Yukon-do-eet (yes you can!).
Nobody? Okay that's cool, I guess..
I'm pretty sure I have butter all over my face....
u b dying in ur sleep
Morning, How are you?
In LA and off to meetings! Are you on my list?
Boise, ID.
Haha I used to feel the same way (major thanks to Jim George) and then one day I fell in love with Geno Malkin
Thanks for posting St. Anthony-Huntington---I'm really enjoying your videos.
I put up a front so everyone can see how happy I am but it's a front I've put up so long that I feel as though I actually believe this front
If I put pussy on my shirt for One Direction's concert, would that be inappropriate?? Lol
i've hit a wall, nothing left in the tank...not even fumes.
#i'msorrybut open toed boots are plain stupid to me. can you describe anything more pointless?
I love social media!!! It is a bridge, connecting people all over the world! Don't underestimate it's power for good!!!
yeah! It got cut from the pcpa production I was in :( sad for no black unitard.
good!! we will have to keep trying no matter how long it takes!!
Silly humans, time doesn't change even if you all decide to adjust your clocks at once.
Hey ! #model portfolios, #events, #fashion, some #editorial, #wedding, #corporate. We do a lot of one on one
Do you represent one health ins plan or multiple co's? 1 of 15 questions you ask when buying health ins? Get your book www.theprofittrap.com
Beat port, give me a reason to spend my tax refund!
that would be a negative haha her butt freaks me out It's TOO big :(
Joseph Kony needs to go to hell
I can, What do you want it to say?
Everything else is looking smooth
"You didn't have to stoop so low, now you're just somebody that I used to know" Can't get that song out of my head for some reason!
I think would see it as a little bit of his responsibility to get the guy ready. Much better man than Favre
FREE 10" Pokey stick, w/ any order over $7 at Gumby's Pizza!. Only w/ a
hope that Eugene Huang can attend our demo of the new citability video annotation tool April 11 4-6 part of DCcodeathon.com
careful, they'll call you racist for that one
Trust no one but yourself. <3
RT : I don't think you were kidding, I think you're just trying to cover up now..
Really fucking stressed out right now.
Twitter is like alcohol. More than 2 a day makes you an twittaholic. I'm sorry friends, it's the cold hard truth
Hide turds around the house RT : what's your favorite thing to do when isn't home?
This will get us all where we want to go: "Confidence will get you the job, hard sells are for people who came in second."
"You bastards! Give me back my hand!" Priceless
If someone is talking about committing suicide, you shouldn't say they just want attention. You don't know what goes through their minds.
Still looking for small batch brewer to pair their brew with our porchetta sandwhich. Reach out if you're that brewmaster!
We've been working on a dozen new videos, they should be ready soon...
; Don't you dare look out your window, Darlin' Everything's on fire.<3
he said they can be punished by death. Um, that doesn't mean hate? Also, freedom of speech doesn't apply
im being a greek goddess too =)
R.I.P. Amy Winehouse
"Mean Joe Greene" ref with Jet was underrated line of the day
No worries. What's the week after that look like? We're pretty flexible - any day y'all might be interested in.
nice! That's when you know it'll be great night
Heard Slash, Steven & Duff of the original Guns N' Roses performed at the Rock N' Roll Hall Of Fame! Lookin' forward to seeing some footage!
At end of rope on arguing on this subject. If you "hate" or "don't get" Steely Dan, all I can do is sigh. Some of you will get it one day...
Had a boring week
happy free comic book day! go get some free comics, then buy some from your local retailer.
Great day at #sleo2012 Excellent papers and great concerts One more day to go.
Hit The Lights is performing at the Marianas Trench show here in June!!! That day just got even better if possible.
RT Look, jail's not so bad, Lindsay. You can even take classes there now. I'd start with "Acting."
And that was with a register, I bet.
It felt like recital went by so fast! Hasn't hit me that it's all over...but it'll suck when it does.
Does Justin Bieber look like most lesbians? Or, do most lesbians look like Justin Bieber?
frisky diane fishing would be amazing-er.
Get down to right now and get yerself a 40oz of PBR.
So I heard that the Boston College Eagles are the NCAA Men's Ice Hockey Champions!!!!
Im leaving this sunday!!!!! bUT PHX AINT READY!! :p
I'm glad you enjoyed the mix! Thanks for living tweeting it, that was awesome to read!!
Wow. That's a burn on me, I suppose.
Be sure to thank your ex. If not for them, how would you know what a good woman or man truly is?
Dear John is on <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>it's one of my favorites!
: Thanks for the RT! Let us know if we can help you in any other way.
About a week and half ago, our drummer Brandon's grandfather passed away. Please keep him and his family in your thoughts.
Meditation awakens those in the waking slumber, then enlivens those who awaken!
What is it pick on Cher day? When will we learn 2 spread positivity instead of negativity? What u put out there eventually comes back
Only folks excited about $JPM news must be Instead of a free toaster you got a new episode of "Meltdown"!
Interesting idea...I don't think either team likes that deal
The cabbie, Dino, giving me a lift is an old time salsero. Avance, Julio Bravo, Boriquen, Pacific Mambo Orquestra on the way home. Nice ride
turkey bird picture
wow, crazy, insane, hysterical, thank you!
buying new pantone books. having a traffic sign fabricated. building out the studio. building interaction model. writing bio.
have a whirly great weekend!
why would they stress? #t101medialife exam is over, they knew questions in advance, and they already live the answers...
The fact that he knows im his>>
Adam Silver just grew a full head of hair when that 3 went in !!!
PoP NW DC GUEST: DJ Tatiana Fontes! OPEN BAR 9-10 & LADIES 21+ FREE SHOTS IN VIP ALL NIGHT! TXT me names 4 Guest List: 7034073810
Ok, I'll send it when I'm finished(:
If you find yourself easily forgetting names, dates, places or facts, bacopa may be a remedy to consider.
I support Tom Barrett
Oh my goodness I'm just now looking at everything I said last night when i was upset and I really said some hurtful things last night
If I weren't an actor, I'd be a US History teacher! :) And I'd totally inked out like ! :D
My grandma made them!!!:)) lol. Thanks!
I'm not that short :( i'm 5'1
Check you out, such and awesome honor! Congrats!
is everything ok.
Today I realized that I still had feelings for him.
ANTHONY. make these people some coffee.
And you wish you could find a place that has great wine and does free tastings eh?
In one word, how would you describe LaMichael's future in the NFL? Your responses will be shared live tonight at 8:20 on KPDX!
What's up Doc?Can we rock?
Gasser should have taken that shot on the arc, not passed off to Brust who had to rush it.
Looks like someone got a hold of my SideWinder email account. I have updated the security on it. Sorry if anyone got Spammed.
“: We forget things we need to remember and remember things we need to forget.
I don't care what my children are when they grow up, as long as they are happy. With the exception of being a stripper & pornstar lbs.
So, facebook is exploding with self-standing broom updates. And I woke up to one in my kitchen. Hm.
I've been away from Social Media far too long... Hello friends
I hate tests <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Stop talking shit! STOP talking shit! STOP TALKING SHIT HOE! NO ONE GIVES A FLYING FUCK!!!!
i didnt even see that tweet... text me <3
We hit 4000 likes on Facebook! Thank you to all of our followers, we wouldn't have anything without you sportsmen!
20% Off All Christmas Items! We are offering 20% off of every item in our Christmas Category. Enter Code GIFT2011. Offer expires Oct 10th.
The Cathedral of St John the Divine is absolutely beautiful! It is in NY!
Can hear the practice session going on for tonight's concert #TeamSvet May have to go snap a pic
Two days until the #CASE Indiana Spring Workshop. Always hope to see those familiar faces! ...
SF would make mad $ by ticketing every1 who runs the stop @ 41st/Ortega. Since it's a school zone SFUSD should get a cut to keep teachers.
I have to go to the grocery store 10min from my house instead of the one that's walking distance because the people there like to talk to me
No one ever misses me..
listening to the Dresden Dolls all day today
Heading to the ville with the fam, thoroughbred wit it, leggo
i think so but they are reviewing it.
that is too funny!!
Come to Happy Hour Friday night in the SKYBOX--$2 well, wine, or draft. Mention Twitter first one is on us!
Days like today <
Beef it up can go wit any song pretty much haha
Just admit Russell Brand makes you smile
RT : Be the type of person you would want to meet.
Your smartassness just got you "unfollowed".
Best comment about the frontman of Against Me! announcing that he's trans: "Tom Gabel will be the fucking man, no matter what gender he is"
Tho it's interesting to think what Sonny would do on that song...
(: and greyson chance. he's cute.<33
Fire alarm 2 in the morning?? Really -_-
for shoooo!!! I'll be hanging around the d all this week and next. are you having a home welcoming party? I wanna getchu a gift :)
Thursday works for me. When/time? I'm there. Nothing late night club style, though. Beer and chill place.
Doesn't it strike anyone else odd\unacceptable that all politics is on the extremes and most issues are not that simple?
;0), it aint no joke...but i cant let go of my passion for #vintage fashion...
::to stand amongst the crowd and have the strength to hold your own / to throw away the pen and pad and simply be the poem::
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 20
that is awesome! You inspire so many of us!
Any questions for Bob and Trish from the Twitterverse or folks watching the webcast?
I won't do shit on the street cause I can't get pulled over, but I love the fwy :) I just hate when ppl pass me all fast n shit
did I just see u at the GF game?
How does he do it?! Stamos hasn't acted on screen in like 20 yrs but he got on the Oscars somehow!
play Boyfriend - Justin Bieber for me(: and give me a Shoutout please!
We are very excited to introduce our new social media manager, ! Our crystal ball tells us she is going to be awesome.
It feels good to have a freshly washed car, even if it will be yellow again in an hour.
oh allie cool name thats hot
I really want 100 followers. My 100th follower will get......... Uh......... Nothing
Thanks for the follow and happy holidays!
Lost and trying to find my way,
how do you like the dorms so far? lol
If you thought at the beginning of the season that Betancourt would have more HR's than McGehee right now, then more power to ya.
line up is out.
Eric must be deaf. Beautiful yes but have you heard what comes out of her mouth? She should only take things in
So You're ready for a black eye??
my 5 year says "I love your songs and I wish you won last night." He really loves you!
yes I have
"Here you should have passed to Kobe. Also here. Next possession, yup - Kobe." (repeat) RT Lakers still in film session
What would it take to put more on the ground instead of cars? Serious question.
RTOREWARDS is your entire marketing department in a box. Contact us today! clientrocket.com/rto
that should be amazing! Tweet is the truth..
Brandy feat. Chris Brown....sure to be a "hit"
Winter is Coming,.. don't forget to have your furnace serviced and make sure that hose is disconnected from the spigot
What is the one race you always wanted to go to?
Congrats to Walton head coach Jeff Barth. Walton finishes off the regular season @ 8-2. Great job Jeff
watching sum movie name v for vendetta
like, but want a new incubus album ! RT Brandon Boyd- The Wild Trapeze..hands down!
Let me take you down.
what'd they sing?
Anyone have any interest in a VIP card for Pulse New York? March 4-6. I can't make it.
Good job tonight that was cute!
"You look drunk" gee thanks
thanks for sharing this!!
Women have a more subtle instinct; what they like to be is a man's last romance
I was just talking about your obsession with Charmed the other day.
Cooking Up Some Crack In The Lab Right Now! It's Bout To Be A Hot Summer!
Who is the best team in the AFC? #Patriots, #Jets, #Steelers???
I never go to bed early when I tell myself I will.
I cannot believe Obama and DNC want the people of WI to lose the Walker recall, won't put out a helping hand. We remember in Nov.
Thanks for the follow!
I ain't talked to my twitter besties in a long time u kno who u r tweet me when u see this
Book your Maui Wowi Hawaiian Getaway today. Coffee/smoothie catering to DC area. Perfect solution when you want to do "something different"
Anytime! I'm not here to only chase my dream, but to also inspire others along the way :)
I love love Mike Tolbert as a flex play this week
I think you're right, and they do offer a wider array of stuff than PTC. Still nice to see a bit of creative pricing.
Ohh yea!! :D RT got my Tampico juice &bag of chips ..
Barring extra innings the streak of 16 dies tonight with Castro
please keep the #DowntonAbbey live tweets coming. Now we just need to recruit
DIY, PBS Kids, NFL Viewers Generate Best Ad Response - MediaPost Communications
speaking at #TED about how destructive fear of failure is to our ability to innovate
Well, you can I tell I was a passenger in the van for the #lilacparade right arm is tan! Left isn't!
Well neither can I...sounds yucky, but you and I are omnivores. It might be yummy to plant eaters.
A lot of times, people don't know what they want until you show it to them
Chocolate hazelnut cookies yum!
She's adding her 2 cent AGAIN which isn't needed<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
We had 3 great workouts tonight. Some really high energy was exuded throughout the night...was it the Guest Defenders we had...?
yes! Wait who else is?
Hi. I have recently sent two e-mails to . Can you confirm if they've been received please? Thank you!
RT : Be careful what your mind consumes. You don't won't your thoughts to become ignorantly obese.
#FF Thank you for mentions and RTs!
thank you love
I better not see near a Knick out and about.........stay in the gym
Don't even want to read it! The price of leadership is always high! "Keep on keepin' on", Mr Blow! Your fans still love U!
El Bulli, 'world's best restaurant' serves its final 49-course supper. Tried for 2yrs to get reso.Never got 1 Congrats to the El Bulli team!
No working example in WESTERN history. Smallscale non-capitalist communities exist(ed) all over the place.
Any NJ venue recommendations to play at?? :)
so he claims. I didn't get any txt. I got him though thru FB
RT Ian Solomon #M4R #transparency through open data transforming government
Golden Child best quote "I I I I got the knife!"
Good morning! I hope all of our marathoners and half marathoners are recovering well today, and those who are racing have a GREAT time!
Sixers need a couple wins in a row
Bynum so immature-replays show him reacting like a little kid when Blake dunked on Pau-how about defending ur Teammate
Aim from your heart and shoot for the stars. via
no, amazon still costs $. RT #andypoll: Is Amazon a threat to libraries? If so, how so? If not, why not? Answer & RT plz!
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station.
Thank you!
South Park right now>>>>>
You two are so cute together!:p RT : jackie<3 24/7(:
Yes, today's argument will set the tone for the future . US Supreme Court needs to uphold health care.
Work ethnic????
Wolfpack! “: Bills take WR T.J. Graham, N.C. State, with pick 69.”
Hi guys! We'd really love to feature you on our website. :) Could you dm us an email to contact you at? Thanks!
No! You are around this weekend right?
yes ! Shes just whiter nd you have dark hair :b
It Had to Happen Sometime: Involuntary Switch to &#39;New Look&#39; Gmail
i cant believe its over.. :(
Critical Thinking Across Disciplines...using Paul-Elder model of critical thinking
ie HSBC trophy photo... Boy you all looks so deleriously happy & giddy. LOL
I'm too independent too be a gold digger lol, I got my own...
- Good luck! I'll be thinking of you.
love you!!!<3
You seriously just pushed me off the deep end just now.
I just like to have fun there's nothing wrong with that
thanks Jaryd the midwest will never be the same...
I think you would have been unimpressed; I was thinking about presenting a game. Now I know the protocol, so maybe next year.
I want a standing desk.
Rest up, if last night was any indication you will have fun tonight!
Bucky's on a role! I have #marquette and #wisconsin in the final four. Yeah, I'm a homer.
the biggest mistake is to give importance to stupid comments.
RT Jealous: when progressives of faith stopped talking in that language they handed the Bible to religious right
So leave yourself intact, 'cause I won't be coming back. In a phrase to cut these lips, I loved you.
At home alone right now...Aj and Rocco running errands...went for a jog, now I don't know what to do with myself! It's too quiet here! <U+E40D>
intrigued w/ project. no email for an entire day?! who else in #unc system is participating?
I need sunshine bad. I think it may help improve my mood.
working it now !
Me+You=<3 Us
Oak Park farmers' market, pie-off at the Oak Park Public Library.
Oh... Thanks for being one of many, I get dat a lot. RT : Ew your ugly RT« Pretty boy swag!»
No word yet on when iOS 5.1 will be released. Feeling cynical about Apple event today. It's all about new and for existing, it's nothing!
Yep! And, the true fans can acknowledge that, let our players know we love em and look forward to next season!
Hey Twitterverse! Give these 2 #newbies a kick-start on Twitter! How bout a follow for both?--->
Gov Walker welcomes Gov Christie to the stage at KEI in Oak Creek. Christie says they friends and he's glad to be back in WI.
so you went from probably not coming to the toros event to hanging out with the toros crew all night lol
Welcome to LA - where even the valets are snobs.
I just made my first lotion bar made of shea butter, mango butter and grapeseed oil. OOh it feels lovely on my skin.
Thanks! It's been a great one.
The newish blue dutch master packaging is hard to open. I never get a clean rip off.
ive been in bed all day and got nothing done -__-
Haha - older and wiser at least!
Vote on Super Tuesday! "If I'm elected president, I promise gasoline will be free. And a unicorn will fill your tank for you."
Excellent plan!
Big thanks to all our new followers. You guys are awesome!
WELL....looks like today is headed there too. Fan..TASTIC.
did an interview with reporter from Baton Rouge Business Report this morning-do any of you get as nervous about this stuff as I do?
#RT "When you chase awards and recognition you will run a race with no finish." via
“: On my list: #justread George R Martin series .. again fantasy fiction”
There are two sides to the story
Does this mean you just got out of the shower?
it was well worth waking up to if it's from me! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> but alright sounds good. Be ready for all of us to chill!!
Um so I have a guestlist
Working hard or hardly working
. we do it because we love it, because it's a calling
Of course, Fox is not a news organization
BRONCO'S Sundays! Show ur FAN ATTIRE against the Patriots for a free drink this Sunday, 10/11, in hotel VQ's SkyBox! *open tab=free drink!
Great article. Thank you for sending me the link :-)
She never let me hit but she gave me dome twice that's that shit I don't like
You could be in a 9 to 5 job and grasp that teaching is your mission. Join an online college degree for the same and begin now
Really enjoying John Ratzenberger interview on He's really down-to-earth. Sure he's from Hollywood?
Gonna check out this Twitter/Amex sync thing at Wholefoods. I'm sure there's some Orin Swift wine there I need.
I'm installing a new Twitter app and testing it out to see if it works.
bitch answer ur phone
Follow my lil sister !
The day you stop worrying will be the first day of your new life, anxiety takes you in circles, trust in God & become free.
At Pf Changs for my birthday lunch. Yeah Buddy!!!!!!!
you should put info on your home page so people don't have to search so hard for it... ;-)
lol call me real quick
At home stupid bored
funny indeed!
I get it that you need to tell your loved ones how you feel about them, but consistently posting shit on FB walls is a bit over the top no?
Always moving forward.
Amare punched a fire extinguisher and sliced his hand open after the game. Left in a sling.
Jim Stovall is here with us today, sharing his amazing story. After hearing him, no one has an excuse to give up! Listen in and be inspired!
Loved your Comedy Central special. Glad there were lots of Hoosier English majors in the house.
Getting ready to fire up the grill !!! Nothing says Christmas like grilling out !! Merry Christmas everyone !! Who wants steak ????
thanks for a great workshop!!!
Bout to have me a #BudLight Lime Lime-a-Rita.
And many more! RT Join us in wishing a very happy birthday!
#mysong right now would be 'Where You At'. .- Jennifer Hudson
Hi Twitter! We're Nexus, the beer place that brings people together.
"You're beautiful, in his eyes" ~
I need a girl in my life. I wish my two female best friends lived close. , I love you with all my heart.
Happy Mother's Day from Bath & Body Bistro.
so very jealous! Used to attend the serious games conference every year.
I feel like I'm missing something?
RT : If you want transit service, just move next to it. It doesn't have to come to you.
So glad #sxonseed isn't live tonight!! Kansas and OSU are playing!!!!
well whatever Lakers have 16 championships so
this one?!
Thanks so much! Wish you were here to see it. Truly an amazing day!
Love until it hurts. Real love is always painful and hurts; then it is real and pure. -Mother Teresa
Conducted noise measurements via dosimeter using , , and community noise standards at BWI Airport today. Results to come.
#Raiders new GM gets 3 compensatory picks for this years draft. Good luck Raider nation ://goo.gl/trPvf
Lovin that my baseball fantasy team has Hamilton, Halladay, Bumgardener, Latos, & Kemp! :) :) Killing it
REMEMBER: Everything you learn about acting should become subliminal.
10 Balletto Pinot Gris. Sweet, citrus nose. Light body summer #wine. Apple & more citrus on the palate. Slightly tart finish 86 pts.
Chicago ed struggles: pay elem less to pay HS teachers more.
Guys it was just a sneak peak of their tour dvd.. -_- ~23days<3x~
Time for dinner's soup & sandwiches
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years!
Where someone in the household has limited abilities, a bathroom which comprises safety features will be a useful addition to the home.
she was awesome! And Us Orioles fans heard the famous "O" as well.
RT : "I went to a museum of children's art. It was all up on refrigerators."--Steven Wright
what do you mean disappear?
Here comes Phil
Don't forget to listen to WORT (89.9) today at noon for a panel on Waldorf Education - listeners encouraged to call in!
You will not create the next Leonardo da Vinci or Steve Jobs by testing your way to the bottom. We're supposed to know that.
Ones mans trash is another mans treasure...particularly my new pair of RayBans
PLOS only US based OA publisher
": Good morning! I have to confess, I've never seen any of the Star Wars movies. #starwarsday" Come on man.....
Pettis deserves the chance @ the winner of that fight
I love #TheBandPerry the lead singer is so pretty!!
Taking me forever to read this accounting chapter
Check in @ Peace & A Cup of Joe on foursquare and get the special for this hour is 1/2price on any coffee drink untill noon show your server
OMG SO TRUE
Good Night Rio! Sweet dreams!
when you're working so hard you forget to pay attention to competition and later, when you do, you sort of pity them a little? yeah, that.
I wish we could GRAB things with our FEET like our HANDS.
deal and you might be seeing me tonight
cool how did you like it?
Where in the world is James Truman? Such the golden boy back when, did he just get disgusted with the fashion world & drop out?
Thanks man
i wanna see nicki minaj shake tony bennett's hand
May 3,1952 Churchill made a radio broadcast on behalf of the Conservative Party.
We grow, we learn, we progress.. God bless this beautiful wonderful messed up life.
Didn't say it was intentional. Still very bad RT : eh. Helmet ricocheted unfortunately. Two week vacation pending
We all have that friend that never has a clue of what's going on.
I'm sure if Vengeance was written with Ty still in the band, it wouldn't have had the same negative impact because it's such
Wow kate upton, where have you been my whole life
#GOPWitchHunt RT : Were officials involved in Secret Service prostitution scandal? will ask Rep. Issa
Long day of shooting & rehearsal...but it sure feels good!
hey could you make a whatsername remix?? That I think would make a good one. :)
why do u call her mom lmao!
What do you mean I don't understand what you are saying
having a hard time sleeping. Not feeling like the holidays this year. Looking forward to my brother coming home from Afghanistan...
I just saw the Hunger Games.... I'm gonna have to borrow the book now.
I'll be glad when they finish our parking lot at work! It stinks, it's messy & I have to park in BFE!! Grrr
Piez: XML pipelines built for "lights out" publishing; but the humanities needs schema modification as part of exploratory process
why is dat...
The talent for being happy is appreciating and liking what you have, instead of what you don't have. - Woody Allen
Boy: Suck my dick Girl: Why can't you be more romantic? Boy: Okay fine. Suck my dick in the rain. Hahhahahahahhahahaha
OK. Let me think about it and look at the stuff on your site some more to see what I think would be best/most useful.
if it happens... I wonder if it could be credited back to me? As if no one else could have possibly thought of it :)
U seem well suited in your personalities- - - b/c good and evil go so well together.
Awesome stories lined for the first full issue in September! Interviews with a legendary blues diva, balloon artist, and neo-folk musician.
Van Halen - Bullethead(Not Atomic Punks)
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Failing to allow the other parent to have a court-ordered visit with a child can result in fines and jail.
Feeling like a boss when the teacher made you the line leader
Tell me about it!
Some borrowers may be exempt from paying the VA Loan Funding Fee, if they have service-connected disabilities or injuries.
Good Morning, it sure would make my day if a beautiful girl named Alli Simpson were to follow me today:) I love you<3
RT : Give me a dirty look, my gum goes in your hair ;)
The #SASpurs are on fire...12 strait wins in a row! #GoSpursGo! Our new #Spurs social site is almost ready - stay tuned & get excited!
How do adults learn?? Find out in the Post-Conventional Learning Leader workshop now at #CLOsym with Bellevue University
RT : Just had the best pulled pork bbq'd sandwich of my life at carmel zackys..New Saturday morning ritual
Follow back?* lol
Trick a blind lady into walking into a closed door?
You #RObotz got this! do it for ! it means a lot to him! and whoever tweets the most to follow him gets that special prize... ;)
Hey, You mentioned a Jam session brunch on Saturdays when you were at the Federal 2 weeks ago. Where do I check it out?
I hear that one. I get to go back sometime to get my makeshift diploma lol
Falling in love changes your whole world, turns it upside down...
Saying goodbye gets harder every night.
I watch too much TV :P
how are u doing
Just finished a really really fun session for the new project!
Come on East !! Down by one!
I tried trending #ArianaDidAmazing :/ all the Arianators must be asleep?
You ain't gotta say bye bye. Baby, this is hello. <U+263A>
Steel town soul will be at spin Bartini this Thursday 9-midnight!! We'll be Playing your favorites and some originals too!
Oh well, on to next year
Good morning Ppl
People with no imagination are the worst.
Ah insomnia needs to go away so I can sleep
I dnt keep them n long! Where da baby? I'm coming to steal him<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Getting ready for the BIA Fall New Home Showcase!
I wish it was like the past
Boss and I are wearing basically the same thing today. We are both yet to acknowledge it.
There are real numbers and there are trophy numbers that we hold up as successful results.
So pinterest is pretty much the best thing ever!!!! I'm hooked
p.s. When can we catch up?? Wanna hear all about your wedding & honeymoon!!
"Ppl born square are not goin to die round"
How the hell do we know what we're voting on with the school budgets? Does anyone make an effort to explain what's what & how we need 2 vote
same! but too bad i can't be there today!
hope you get a new one....and here!
Enjoy the wonderful Sunday with Bottomless Mimosas, great wine tasting, and NEW Napa Pinot Grigio from last night tasting! Enjoy.
chicago wasnt going to win it anyways. he's high.
don't understand guss I don't need to play
Believe me, I would if I could!
Ready for summer 2012! So #excited to be immersed in #investigative reporting as well as sports #journalism. Oh yeah and some beach time.
Chus and Ceballos tonight in Miami.
omg. Do not tease me with this information!!!
Does anything really exist if we weren't around to observe it? :-)
how are we celebrating the holiday tomorrow?
Throwing back a Jeremiah Red with the guys and jammin out to Queen at BJs Brewhouse! Did I mention Friday is one of my favorite days?
One more thing, Bill. You aren't worthy of carrying Robert Reich's luggage.
Thank you for following! Yes, I will be careful of the lizard people...
ok fuck w/ me i need the malitia
"Your Love is thick, and it swallowed me whole, you're so much braver, than I give you credit for... That's not lip service..."
If it's Mother's Day weekend, it must be OK to plant your annuals in MN! picked up my flowers at the Bartson school sale, just before rain.
Hey John! Tried DMing you back but says you aren't following me? Strange!
you know it!!!!
traveling from MSP to LAX then SBA today. Haven't missed a beat thanks to your live action tweets. Thank you!
Ah wisdom teeth- I look like I have Minnie Driver's chin!
Just threw up and I have no idea why.
can the mayor be impeached?
I just saw part 1 of Angels in America and almost fell asleep. Idk why the second part in the first half was unnecessary
Still trying to get the hang of parallel programming. Have to learn to imagine what something would look like and mock it up.
everyone should invest in a locking gas cap with gas going so high
Any Sports Journalists or Fans want to discuss the Biggest Stories?
: I've got my midnight showing ticket printed and ready to go! I just need the days to go by a little faster now.
Congrats Masters Commission graduating class of 2011! Watching you graduate on live web-stream! Bless you!
I want to re-pierce my nose for like the millionith time, but actually keep it this time
Just because you can't sleep doesn't mean you can't have nightmares. #phd or
Of course i can't sleep
RT : KILLED it on the floor debate. The real tragedy is Rand Paul playing politics with our kids' education
- thanks for the good wishes. It was a soggy, thundery day, but a good one all the same!
that's always fun. Having some gorgeous weather this weekend so I'm contemplating a beach day too
10 bucks for amazon vod hunchback of notre dame? pfft i'm not in college anymore so HELL YEAH. and it's in HD, why is that even a thing
where did you find these? Must have them!
Rubin Toro better have a slot on WBLS after the merger
Next time you forget the punchline to a joke, just substitute "What? And leave show business?" Works for pretty much everything.
Absolutely agree about the amazing consignment stores in the DC area for my client's stuff. LOVE and #Inga's.
#ICanHonestlySay: Good things come to those who smile. Have you smile today? Keep smiling.
i was thinking the same thing Matt
…Suggests interesting possibilities for body-hacking. Replace your SCN with one manufactured to need less sleep? Swap it to match timezone?
FISHY FISH FRIDAY!!
Need some Merlot...
better watch his back
We are in a charlie sheen economy - general session
I know ..I'm sorry I procrastinate a lot at times ...
That's a great snoball you made. Hope your team responds to the call.
You are amazing!
There is so many ways people can take in my last tweet. It was honestly... I dunno lol. :)
im over here now!!
i said it would be funny,. because thats what happened before when people got in a fight on here.
Dang, the boss just called and wants to meet at the same time the #WWDC announcement starts!
“: This dude has no clue where we are ... And Is driving aimlessly around the middle of no where” hours away... Smh
Yeah, I just dont really know how to do it cx
I need to buy some real shoe trees instead of using newspaper and making a mess all over my closet
in the process of coming up with creative ways to get a follow
HELLZ YEAH I WANT ME SOME FOOD!!!!
Can't procrastinate on finding a place to live.
there's so much more to it then we knew as children.
I get it now
Thanks for all the new follows! Currently on second phase of #p90x (2)! Contact me for #fitness & #nutrition tips!
Turning on the 10pm news to see 'sa story about questionable government spending. I've had a preview. It's worth watching.
So impressed by David Phelps performance last night. Excited to see what more he has to offer.
ALL THE TIME.
I kinda love Zombie John Kerry
U SMILE :)
Any chance you're going to make it out to see us Sunday night Lounge?
its f*cked up how love got harder to find, but sex got easier to get
no one can see our love <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> it's too big :)
My son needs a job. He has a baby! He's a cook & needs work in Fort Lauderdale area. Grandma going broke. HMU if u know of a job 4 him.
Yes, definitely! Can't wait!! xo
A5: varies by target, but too many brands over complicate. know what ur target wants first & foremost, and how they'll use ur app
for my Fam...
April showers are the new Tardis.
My 600 square foot studio at 7 tonight for queso and chips
EINSTEIN! is featured on RWD : TAPE! Be sure to stop by and check it out!!
“: cra-z weather 2nite! WOW! But ready for Will b there to help out! #excited” #rockstar!!!
Hey! How's it going? I love you!
Bondage rocked it. Serious bizness indeed. He skated most jams, no foolin around.
your welcome lol thanks for watching
its today people! revo san Diego tonight!
congratulations! they will be lucky to have you.
Dopeness. Thanks! RT: , , , : EFFLUENCE - Spoken Word (Poetry):
But then again change is good
I really am fucking pissed at myself
Making homemade stew, cornbread and sugar cookies from scratch. This is what happens when it's snowing outside and I'm stuck inside :)
A lot of impact with a little Spanish... Survival Spanish for the Workplace
Its the last week of school I really dont want to do anything but sleep.
Happy Birthday, Z!
Man o man. Didn't have my #CHIA today. Will start up again tomorrow.
thank you (:
Hey twitting world
On school nutrition: until this year, nat'l reimbursements for school lunch budgets havent changed since the 1970's. No wonder.
i'm gonna get a owl belly button piercing. So cool i love owls
apparently he should have had them researching how to save the affordable care act instead.
Just looking at him to see if he was okay then his dad picked him up tool him somewhere yeah.
People will talk about u when they envy u and the life u lead. U dont affect theyr life, so dont let 'em affect ur's
TRUTH! “: The first 40 years of childhood are always the hardest.”
LOL! what's the gang sign for Twitter junkies? "Sac Tweeples, Yo! Bust your caps elsewhere, I have work in the AM"
Wow, it's a beautiful day in NM. Remember to check your watering restrictions as we head into the summer.
Red Velvet Cake yogurt. I am not fooled.
The Emperor Penguin’s New Clothes puppet theater show begins at 11:00 today. Bring the whole family down for a unique puppet performance
conscious revolution in effect x
you better fucking hang out with me. (:
I still draw my houses like that, maybe because my house is a box with a triangular roof.
One more day till the happiest day of the year! #openingday! #baseball!
Do I want your load?? I'm not a washing machine! Ask nicely. Do I want your male reproductive organic life-creating fluid? Why yes. :)
virtual participant in SLEDcc
Huntsman objects to ad featuring adopted kids - Atlanta Journal Constitution
Personal librarian program at Duke sounds very interesting
I hate my freckles
Packing...Heading home in a few :-(
Awwwh, thank you, Jordan! I hope you have a wonderful Friday!:)
Vampire Diaries tonight! Yes!
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out. - Anton Chekhov
How does one call you at work?
Getting ready to see Million Dollar Quartet at the Paramount Theatre.
yeah, Abbie wasn't being very cooperative today.
Follow upcomming rapper .
1 baby mama no bitkh no wife um off dis bouta g stroll
come visit city bible church again soon! :) we miss you!
Cool! A gov twitter account showing its with the times and following mainstream culture! Yay!
Watching devour a whole plate of chicken tenders. I'm afraid...
One more! Bring it home!
I hate liars For ever ignored </3
“: I tried to recreate the breakfast that Dexter eats in the opening credits - every time I watch it it makes me hungry!” LOL!
Like Break Dancing? Come to SECCA this Saturday for demonstrations by dancer Ivyn Holloway as part of free Community Day. Noon - 5 pm.
RT RT : BIG ANNOUNCEMENT: LXD on CONAN this Wednesday, Dec. 8th!!!!! GET READY!!!!! tune in :)
Solid, solid list.
The one thing women don't want to find in their stockings on Christmas morning is their husband. ~ Joan Rivers
if it makes u feel good. Y u folo so many UK peeps? Still luv u tho.
Just got educated in
nice! I really like your band. didin't see your drumset though. what kind are you looking at?
Looks pretty cool, always looking for ways to get my students to read.
I KNOW! I want to get rid of them. And I hope your "ew" was said a la honey badger video - I'll think more highly of you.
haha yeah I only like history and that's it! :D
dave you know if any place in Milwaukee area to get wwe t-shirts cant find anywhere please help
Gotta have that La Nova
Going to bed
Nothing says "we miss u" quite like an itunes tribute album released within 45 seconds of your death.
I relish being on the cusp of a brand new year. So many new possibilities for new hopes and dreams. Love that we get new life in life!
I miss it, too! Best job ever.
I'm actually at the Sheraton. Sat morning works for me, before 9am panels; would Sheraton work for you?
#GetAustinToTheTop10 im upset.
Check out www.dexterlakeclubband.com
#mavs playing well but I don't know how long it will last
Menomonee Falls FD says brush fire at Lannon Rd was about 100yds long. Could've been sparked by train passing by.
Take my hand, don't let me fade away. Don't let me fade away, don't let me die again. "Voices" by
...and then I go into the basement that smells like a post-Katrina bait shop and put on a jacket and gloves. Software = glamourous.
I hate creeps
Going to sleep...Man, my family really need a taste of Jesus right now! Prayer is needed, craziness!
Calling it a night/ morning
Some things are worth being mad about, stressed out, whatever you feeling. But most the time it dont mean shit, only temporary feeling.
I can't believe they didn't self-combust while connecting that. That's insane. But yeah...not surprising. Did you call BGE?
Goodnight tweet hearts<3
Glad you enjoyed :-) RT was awesome yesterday.
this is so awkward
Congrats to Larry Richert, new voice of the #Steelers at Heinz Field.
Most valuable thing I've learned from , keep phone on seat btwn crotch when driving.
hello stranger
life my friend!
Exciting race this morning, unbelievable end to the #city game, I hope the brewers game can deliver some excitement
“: All joking aside... if I win the lottery, I will help the tornado victims. #nodoubt” Very nice!
I'm faded.. And I don't give a...
hope I get lucky enough to get a copy of the book lol
is shooting day two of Rese Activewear and listening to GaGa :-)
#1 As we tweeted yesterday, is to be interviewed by nationally syndicated show on no zoning in Houston. We need a cool location.
Bros: Radiohead tix. Who needs 'em? Buying for and myself tonight.
it's guerillamilk! gotta get my work page going but i miss you guys already :( lol
5 days left to fundraise and $407 short of our goal. Don't stop now! BIC, Taelor Varon and Epilepsy Foundation thank you for your support!
The same water that was used in The Rock was used in Baywatch.
gets sad when people hate on Selena alot, then you get so sad when you see Justin's sad but you're the ones who cause it.
RT - #Panthers have signed DT Frank Kearse from the Miami Dolphins practice squad and released G Reggie Wells.
Why? & Ira Glass made a cameo on #30rock last night
Amazing! #Dodgers down to their last out after giving up the lead in the 8th tie the game! Dee Gordon is clutch/Matt Kemp scores from 1st!
In Milan for the day. <3
is giving one of 's case workers a much deserved makeover today! So excited for her! Thanks WCIU!
Checking out Cool app, I hope they do well! And launch an API soon....
Whenever you need me, I'll be there.
Awesome! Thanks for the s/o and let us know if you have questions! RT : s/o to for the follow, got my own account!
Congrats, Stephanie - and best of luck on your new adventure! RT : Woot! special presentation for at
Is she going to jail or something? :/
CDW hiring in March
I'm stuck at school for the next 30 mins still in track clothes
Last day to get half price *SF > LA* shirts at www.WeBeGreater.com Shop now!
Talked to a wonderful agent who will follow up with me on Monday. Thanks for your help so far.
Thank you, TG!
I loved before i ever loved you. You were just a girl on Facebook, Jessica is my bestfriend.
That Chelsea-Barcelona game was so good that I had to watch it again after I got home from work.
haha thanks buddy! that's what we're talking about
TGIF @ the Farm...don't forget to check out our new strains and all new lower donations And our strain of the day is J27!!
Thanks so much for the follow! Enjoy you, hope youll be able to say the same! Reading Lehman & Greedy Bastards so fun!
Me and Jordan Benker Me and Jordan Benker Me and Jordan Benker Me and Jordan Benker Me and Jordan Benker Me and Jordan Benker
good luck this year. Rooting for you big time
I finished The Sumerton Women last night. I was really invested in it. I definitely went on that ride with the family.
go follow she follows back !! :D xx
me :p
Stuck behind a police barricade waiting for the president's motorcade to pass through the area...
its a frosty kind of day
#Mavs get REVENGE tonight!!
Temple run
I always imagine that's how the fat guy from The George Lopez Show ended up.
More than 41% of people have been accidentally caught masturbating. interesting huh lol
Hater: "Justin Bieber is only famous because of his looks." Me: "Yeah, I bought his album to listen to his face."
your sister really needs to start listening to you:p
Where about in UWW is it? I work at FOX6... message me or call! 414-586-2166
Don't worry, it's not ALL about the bunny for Easter. Victorian-style Crosses are available in milk, dark and white chocolate.
so glad to hear it! :)
I can't wait to go to the Bahamas :-)
Congrats and welcome back to cc and
He could get Rafa, yes, but he'd have a 50 % chance of playing Murray in the semis while Rafa & Djokovic land in the other half
Get into today's 1pm Community Hot Class at Midtown for free when you say "Yoga Rocks" at the front desk!! Get on down here!
thanks..i need to catch up on this riot fest thing...so confused
HAHA sadly no I'm not a Belieber, although the name makes me kind of want to be...
the title alone is cringe-worthy
We are!
Thibs should put Scal in to get the crowd going & add some energy.
Happy Birthday Family, May your day be relaxing and blessed!!
Whether or not its true abt the CIA "kill" order threat just made against my life,we need2 know what officials r making civil rights threats
it's terrible.
Hopefully the skies clear this afternoon to get in a round of Golf
To wish you were someone else is to waste the person you are.
oh yeah!!!! I almost got all caught up. She live the imp!
Learning can be frustrating. Teaching can be frustrating. TECHNOLOGY can be frustrating. Will an emphasis on problem-solving help?
": What are some of your favorite spots in Disney Parks to take a break?" Anywhere! You're in Disney! Missed u guys today!
Getting ready to head to #Sactomofo sure the line are going to be long.
So Cute<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
you not knowing nothing about Cinderella, lol Monica still rules, lol
I'd love to see you as Governor of New York. I wish you the best of luck with your Masters. You are a great citizen.
is a handsome devil
are you gonna try out Risen 2? If so, what platform?
Thanks for the link...hilarious stuff!!
is a send off....yup
lol he beats his girlfriend and hangs out with bieber. How can you get any worse?
Thx for the awesome MT's!!
hey...in skewl! man i am so bored ppl shoud qet on and follow me
Thanks for the #ff...right back at ya!
fuck some foster care, I want some frosty care.
your so cute:)
nawww im at work now
Just had a great date night dinner with Everything was delicious!
the biggest challenge SM causes leaders is the real-time demand for information. This is a challenge for everyone however.
So, your arab friends (may they soon disappear from our Land) throw stones & you blame others? Shame on you...Oh, you've none!
I heard the patriots are sending prostitutes to rape tebow to get all that testosterone out of his system
Happy Veterans Day! Also it's 11/11/11...does that mean I should be making wishes all day?
Tonight's show at Blue Water Grill has been cancelled! I'm sorry honey:(
Clarity. A beautiful thing. To feel it in every cell of my body. Does that ever happen to you? If it does pay attention.
Sure, a band won't necessarily enhance a hip-hop show. But I think it would enhance THEESat's already strong show
Baseball that rolled through Bill Buckners legs in 1986 WS was sold at an auction for $418,250
I don't really! But since I live on a golf course I thought I will at least try!
What is your major at UNLV? Are you pursuing a degree in business? Do you enjoy customer service and financial reports?
story of my life
Somebodii is always watching when your not !
man, just PMO
can't argue with you there
he had surgery and has been out for a little while.
follow back please :)
It helps if you cook with the right ingredients like you Rick! Appreciate you brother!
Porsche pilots look forward to a very special challenge at World Endurance Championship
Great board meeting tonight for ASTD Houston. Excellent energy and looking forward to great execution. Hopefully not mine.
Thank you! We so appreciate your support! Remember to follow us on FB! Much love!!
m.... #waffles. Makes my banana seem kinda inadequate.
That awkward moment when you are working out &you hear whale noises in the middle of your heavy metal song....
Thanks! Hope to meet you around here. : )
Wow, haven't seen an Angelfire website in a long time... I didn't know they were even still around.
lol. The author was trying too hard to make uninteresting social media rhetoric "different". Hate that!
Well, that was pleasant. How are we going to amuse ourselves till October?
up in the booth today? Heard them shout you out last week.
lol i tried x)
Ready for something good to happen
These refs need to wake up and start throwing these Coyotes out of the game. It only gets worse from here. Dirty players playing down.
please follow and RT when you have.
Thanks for checking out my Twttrlist! Retweet at will
No, I think Ms. X (whom I see at the copier every morning) would like them to sit down, be quiet, and do the worksheet
“: Leaving Trinidad...after spending a wonderful day w/700 awesome teachers and admins...and The Franklin Covey Team!”
T. Mills is so much better than Mac Miller. Just saying.
thanks for the suggestion!
Craig Ferguson is doing his show in GLA this week and they have been on twice so far.
NO YOUR NOT!
come + visit, its tight but u can fit 4 a couple of days
hahaha , what school y'all go to?
#holiday #deals start today.
The fact that we have to sit here after we finish our finals
I love so damn much. she's my fave. ok. we're
Im drunk omw to da mall
Ahh last day in my first home of LA.. To new beginnings!!
Yes, let's give the sarlacc a beak. Even though the pit itself is clearly a throat, hence the burp.
Stuck behind a school bud... So I am not technically driving.
not to worry, I didn't invite you to the garden club social...you always get tipsy and make a scene.
#UseTwitterNameInSentence: "And now people don't like me because "
Saw it. The heart’s eye; frenzied, baffled bent,before the decimate sunof argument. One lean soldier, fraction of your revenge.
As we near election season, can I please remind you of the party mascots. Republican: wise elephant. Democrat: stubborn Jackass. You choose.
Facebook is like jail, you sit around and waste time, write on walls, and get poked by people you don't know
I was kidding geez -.-
I'm so sorry I hope that the person or persons is got RIP
You have no idea how much stuff you have till your moving!!!! Have a great day!!!
It's a hockey night in Pittsburgh! Well, technically I guess it's going to be afternoon. You get the picture.
death cab for cutie is going to be on letterman tonight, then where rocking out tonight!
#TriviaTuesday What's the only New England state without a seacoast?
tweet that link once it is
Just 9 days until the Cindy Sherman exhibit at MoMA, wish it were today!
I dnt need yo pussy biish I'm on my own dick
New Jersey: The Garden State. Fuggat aboud it.
Is there an Instapaper for online videos?
Hit em straight fellas!
So I put a smear on possibly the best squad we ever had?? I'm pretty sure that has NOTHING to do about me!
I know! :) but I want you to come now. Ok? <3
