Got the Nikon D5100 today. Time for some collaborations!
So proud of he's traveling the world :)
Best of luck and lots of laughs for all my friends at NYC Improv Fest!!!
The sun is out and it's glorious *puts Louis shades on*
When your around groups of people, play my music. When your in the car, play my music. When your smoking, play my music.
I'm just F'n wit ya
shes still eating it.. Idk if its pissing me off cause it smells or because shes a cleveland....
Politicians & diapers have one thing in common. They both should be changed regularly, and for the same reason!
to a dirty mind that sounds soo bad
Thought we were having a staff meeting over lunch, instead threw me a surprise wedding shower :) So blessed 2 luv where I work!
haha thanks for taking me prvt, u twitter boys are yummy!
I just found your app and I LOVE it! I've searched and searched for something this simple and perfect. Great job!
Thanks for the RTs I fell in love with New Zealand during my visit and plan to go back some day!
“: dice que las mujeres son las lideres de #SocialMedia -- #kudos to women for leading in #SocialMedia! #USHCC32 #LATISM”
rest is crucial
pursue Golden State Mutual Life Insurance #investors AZ parent obtained Forms State Of Calif
you suck and that's like the 12456747843x you blew me off! Smh
Pablo Sandoval smokes every ball he hits - he just doesn't have the numbers to match.
haha we'll see. I'm probably going to be working though.
CP3 just finished the game.. The Grizzlies are WACK<U+2755>
Discussion board story telling ones failure that gave them insight and a lesson to grow from...
Humane Society hosts 12th annual Doggie Carnival
I did nothing fucking wrong and she STILL treats me like shit.
Sleep over with :)
damn. I want to see some ass!
i missed you hehe
Good luck to all #teamPSE guys heading to combine. Time to do work!
Joe was out of line today. I don't know how you didn't strangle him for twisting facts.. The church covers the cost of Viagra.
I'm up for it if Chriscy is as well
thanks so much for the follow! Let us know if we can help with a new mattress or maybe some new furniture!
RT : BREAKING: ABC News confirms that legendary singer Donna Summer has died.// She will be missed
"Success is not a result of pursuing what you want. Success is a result of pursuing who you need to become!"
I'm gonna really miss these "dinner is ready for you when you get home" texts
can someone please answer my question. whats up with ps3 elite subscriptions??
Boomer has it! Yeah!!
how come something about justin beiber is ALWAYS trending?
Move Forward knowing the GREATER one lives on the inside of you!!!
"It's easy to be skinny. Just always stay a little bit hungry." - My skinny roommate
Happy hallmark day... I mean valentines day!
Your Guide to Exercising Through the Ages
Yes, we'll try for at least one #GoldenHeart final next year!!
. thanks for the shout out for the piece! We're hella excited to start
Good morning Twitterland!
MISSION ACOMPLISHED!!!! PAPER COMPLETE
be yourself.......than you gonna change the world!!!se vos......nomas que al mundo cambiaras...
I hate talking on the phone with a passion
swear i jinxed Verlander
Red bull or mountain dew? #relayforlife. Hitting wall
Hotter than Africa in my room
On foot in North Hollywood in the midst of a mile walk from Metro station to Judo class. The ambience is reminiscent of Phoenix.
Foot soak & chair massage!
lol yet the place to me crazy girl
The first thing I look forward to about Fall is football!
Thanks for supporting Claremont Colleges writers!
Read Federal Update on meeting of negotiated rulemaking committee on program integrity at www.chea.org/Government/FedUpdate/CHEA_FU08.html
Bubble Dreams monsters & , wake up in god's perfect light... LOVE YOU <3
No,you don't care about me just admit it.
RT : Global rate of new infections & deaths are declining. Make no mistake. We are going to win this fight. But it's not...
Good values are easier caught than taught. -Zig Ziglar
Baboon Rap
Commercialized art is the antithesis of art.
About to watch my man on Jeopardy! At #gourmands, our favorite ATX bar
Finding any good communication connections?
sam cooke, magners over ice, exhaustion from first shamrocks match. sun. big tings a gwan in june.
Going back in for a co-star audition tomorrow!!! #sograteful to have another shot!
Why don't guys realize what they have until shes gone and its too late?
I want a guitar buddy..
“: The love of money can separate you from GOD. #GODOVERMONEY”
eeeeeeppppppppppppppppppppp TODAY IS MY MAMA BDAY:) what we gun do??? P_A_R_T_Y <<<<<
SECO 2010 brochure is now online! www.seco2010.com and choose Registration brochure from the Registration Services menu
I have the worst headache ever !
"If 2+2=4 every time, then what good is it? I mean that's no fun!" -Michael J. Fox on Inside the Actors Studio
AUDITION: Norwegian Cruise Line
#ThatAkwardMomentWhen you're feeling pretty lucky and then never tweets you back! :( #TweetMeAlex! <3
I did not.
Thanks for the RT!
RIP Heavy D
Merry Christmas, my friends. Let's make next year even more rewarding. Thank you for the support this year!
RT Watching a great panel.
Maybe it's because I'm 50, but I enjoy the show.
And then there was kids watching omg I feel bad !!!
Who 1st place on the AL East, I forget? :p
"Im not shur if it matters But I got poled over for speeding"-application response to "have you ever been convicted of a crime"
I saw you in line for Judy Blume, but you were too far away for me to say hi without being a freak. :-)
Thanks for the shout out for (RandomDistribution)!!!
I've learned one important lesson from my education: I know nothing, and never will.
The fabric is part of our new PURE collection and is called Woven Fleece, in colorway Fleece (3026/01).
Backstage at Versace for H&M Kisses!
That wasabi pea that sneaked into the pistachio shell sure did a ninja move on my tongue.
Gonna start some dinner.
a BIG idol?! look at justin bieber...yeah guys its my idol....I love him follow me biebs <3<3<3
best way to get through an english assignment...listening to the cab's new song "bad"
is finally doing what she loves !! Volunteering at the !! Congrats baby love you!!!
= John Doe
I'm stuck in traffic outside Nahville. ;(
6TH ROW!! SEE YOU AT HERSHEY PARK. :))
I love you my wife
"Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently." - Henry Ford
Thanks RT : #FF List of greatest people I've had pleasure to work with:
Don't get all in LadyEdith's radiator because she likes writing ambassadors!
I hate being cold <U+E407>
“: Boom baby!My Pacers gonna shock the world! Tell Wade and James it's not personal. Pacers are a lifelong passion. #boombaby”
That awkward moment when your crush is trying to guess who you like...
“: You're a girl who uses foul language. What a turn on.”
Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed.
unless you spent it puking
Still think my #clubbedfoot Euro analogy wins today, though.
#believe go nuggets.
aaahh I was right by nath!
My mom fell asleep! :/ during a conference!
Taught my Brynnlee to chant #Brewers #1! Despite her #Cardinal lovin daddy. Ahahaha!
:-) that's normal for girls. I am not really sure for a cure for that..
What's everyone's plans on this wonderful Sunday?
I'm jealous he got em early...but I only like og colorways.
yes in bout 20min?
No run last week due to a calf injury. Did rest, ice, compression, massages too. It seems to work and I'll give it a try today.
RT #FITB ____ is the Shortest person i know .
There's a midget sitting next to me and his little tiny feet are dangling off the chair... Lol
In ATX & own a JUMPsuit? We can help! In honor of LEAP Day, we'll clean it 4 free! 2915 Guadalupe. Pls RT so all jumpsuits can b clean!
If you were to trade places with someone who would it be - Sarah from florida <3
#Nameafollowerthatyouwouldgivehead I promise I would dtm in a heart beat!
What a joke of a debate. Ron Paul gets muzzled again. Brian Williams and NBC should be embarrassed.
Working on my profile & network. Better late than never!
NO ORDERS WILL BE ACCEPTED FROM MONDAY FEB. 2OTH TILL TUES. MAY 1ST
If you are trying to figure out why TO needs his child support payments lowered its b/c he has to pay 4 women over $45k/mo total!!
My Monday's are like your weekends off of work.
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep.
he's #precious but.. he's making me laugh & it hurts to laugh!
where my shoutout squad?
I think I got all my frustration out, that's good cause i just used a lot of vulgar language in the past 15mins..
is postig to facebook via twitter
Car Crafters Bored? Check out all of our racing videos on our website.
RT if you LOVE our location!
Yes Someone Got It Right Lols & 16. ": so Kayla ? How old are you ?"
"Report: Industry Needs to Lower 3DTV Expectations" // ...lower them into the ground, that is. And bury them. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
happy anniversary u r amazing keep doing all that you do!
pick photos but she was too lame so she didnt do it. So I just dropped it. Haha guess my fan never forgets things.
Thanks! Love to read your chapter.
is sending out Am Heart Assoc. fundraising letters to neighbors
But, I do love the idea of a bicoastal super styling machine. We can have offices on Rodeo Drive and 5th Avenue.
lol funny but thanks anyway
#mma I am so excited for next season's female bracket. I *heart* megumi fujii!
It does if I tweet you back instead! That sounds like about all we can do. Thanks for your help!
All Believers follow me I love justin and i am donateing 10 cents to pencils of promise please follow and help me make change 2011!!
nicki minaji should put that song on her next album
I wanna sleep
Gore all day
#Iknowaguy that once meant the world to me
I'm gonna try!!!
Never look back unless youre planning to go that way.
yooo whats gud i gotta show at steel toast on the beach come on out if u aint doin nothin
Merry Christmas to you and your family!!!!
well of course! AND I adore any excuse to deck out in pink ;)
She said yess! Thanks everyone!
Di Matteo coached a hell of a game tonight, but he will have to do an even better job on May 19 considering half the team is suspended
Tired. Sick. More tired...mings cant come soon enough
Pretty good man,how about you?
whyy wouldnt i remember you?? youre an awesome person(:
Come for a Brewers game! RT : maybe I'll do a road trip this summer... check out all the great restaurants!
Twitter + Texting = My phone in a coma (n)
#sanfrancisco moth anytime soon?
Anybody want some rookie pennys for 120? size 8.5 or some stealth red and gray retro jordan 3's for 80 to 100? size 9, let me know sap
I really need a poster of you so I can put it right next to my one(:
I want success
PLEASE tell me you meant ON mayor and city councilmen. After all, you live in Austin. ;-)
Follow back!x
Well. Guess maybe I should think about getting out of bed .....
#FF follow the movie making waves in #filmmaking and good friends of mine ;)
#OWIF: Yep, we're definitely in the Quad Cities; I can see the Mississippi River. I am also out of Skittles and I ate the onions.
I really need to decide on wtf I need to do. Time is running out forreal
#T101MediaLife is the coolest class ever
"#Solar thermal is using the sun's #energy directly to generate heat, using thermal collectors."
haha thanks V
Ira Glass has an eerily similar speech cadence to William Shatner.
No need to waste your breath/ink/paper/time, Of course I'm gonna renew my subscription.
Twitter, Facebook, & MySpace were created for people that love to talk, teach,& learn, & that are also not shy, & that love to be in groups.
“: "I gotta love jones for your body and yo skin-tone"” 5 min alone/ aready on the bone..
is downgrading rewards for premier customers next year. Researching other airlines' reward programs. Any better ones?
Get excited for the finals! Free drink for members + all new signups! See you tonight, 7:00pm, at !
Looking forward to the schema.org workshop tomorrow in Mountain View. Its exciting to see more and more structured data on the web.
Me:Hey look at the bald guy with the afro! Them: (`__`) where !? Me: Lmbo Them: (-___-)
sorry guys I'm pretty booked up with a lot of cool stuff right now. I'll prob be free like June...?
“: Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.”
thanks for partying with us! We can't wait to see the pics!
Omg im from Chicago<U+2665>
A parent who abandon their kids does by choice RT Don't take it personally Nothing other ppl do is cause of you. Its cause of themselves.
36 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
nope. George michael
That Rihanna guy is doing your favorite sings at the #grammys right meow
There are some interesting changes going on that I never would have predicted! Changing geography doesn't necessarily solve the problem...
Great pre-show interview w the incredibly charismatic on his tour bus. Thanks for spending some time w us- enjoy dc!
What...is...happening in this game?!?!
hope the site jobs you gained are helping. Are you purely freelance and able to work around conventions? Because the man owns me.
Heart great shoes!!
Thx everyone that came out to rock and support us last night at Evil Olive. It means so much to us. You guys R O C K!
3 things I've learned at school : texting without looking , sleeping without getting caught , teamwork on tests
is that a good thing?
I'm only 3 minutes into the Vow & I'm crying.
Thrilled to host at our DC office for their holiday party tonight. Great organization.
Have fun! You're gonna love it! Foie-sting!!! RT : super excited for a night off (WHAT?!) and dinner at !
I just talked with a junior as he walked into the library for the first time. Very interesting.
I will be there Memorial Day Weekend. Have auntie a glass of ciroc waiting for me lol
Congratulations to the Yankees. Interesting team charged A-Rod in the celebration. Says a lot for the respect the team has for him.
Just a word of warning. A while back I had some nice things to say about I take them back. Good interface, zero customer support.
i have listened to the Red River Blue cd for about 3 hours now! how about a hell ya? damn good music sir
The holidays are upon us! Do you have holiday travel plans? Or are you staying in town?
Enjoy it! As a Midwestern transplant in LA, I miss thunderstorms so badly! It never storms here.
Dear self: today all of my smiles won't be fake.
Tonight's party is gonna be funn. (;
hey how are you doing?
There isn't much I have to say, that I wouldn't rather just shut up and do....
Favorite client comment of all time. "You guys rock hard on steroids, Jack, and a bunch o' groupies from South Carolina." :)
Ready bro DM the details or .. Hit my phone bro RT : What up Wallo? Got a couple dates for u to spin during
Not a bother at all. Contact He'll get you taken care of.
Exciting! What are you basing it on?
Free sushi! Love the place on Salem Street!
In need of new music . . . Any suggestions?
Ancient pimps of Babylonia had: A chief queen and various concubines. Pimping has been on a downward spiral since then
I CANT TAKE THIS SOMEBODY BEAT THE HELL OUTTA TRIPLE SHIT PLEASE
And you too! May all your dreams come true! Luv u all!
I've got a man-crush on Leonard. Wish he were a Bull.
hi do love soccer but no
The Amazing Spider-Man 'Caught in a Web' Promo Photos
Coffee with heavy cream oh yess
I was put in a commercial today during apc!! Totally not ready for it.
About to watch the movie "Hurricane Season" with Phyllis... It's great to have a night to relax... I hope this one is good!
Any chance you will be at the Bazaar on 4/14? Got a b-day reservation and would love to meet you.
You can't really trust anyone a 100 % ...
Trapped by the stopped train on Frankfort. Had to cross the track in dress clothes with others. What a sight!
House Show at the Funny Button in the University district, April. 9th. 543 8th Ave Ne, Seattle, Wa 98105.
Wish someone would text me.....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I can't find a Yoga place I like. I am trusting that when it's the right one, it will just feel like home when I am there.
Does anyone know a good and reliable snow plow driver for hire?
you too Taylor! What's your next big thing? Now it's on to the #ISUM11 afterparty for me...
RT : RT : Today's date has more singles than a stripper's waistline.
Brunch specials tomorrow: lamb sausage scramble w/ dried cranberries, sheep's milk feta, & fresh kale. M!
How have YOU been, bestest friend in the whole wide universe?! ;D. Btw, is there any way you can text me? Just wondering.
Please remember we cannot take your recycling in plastic bags. They gum up the recycling processors. Thanks!
Good morning Milwaukee! 8 days until taxes are due & we have trusted, local accountants ready to help! They bid, YOU win!...
26 assists for #Nuggets tonight. George Karl wants at least 25. Only 11 turnovers. Great ratio
I'm holla at tryna get whole #TRINALANA to cum out to the #DUDLEYBOYZ VIDEO SHOOT WIT
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> fatty-Mac-fat fat!
want to goto bed, really don't care about your SQL Server. Yes I can melt faces with my DB knowledge, but I really want to go to bed now
& THE WINNER FOR THE BIGGEST FAMEWHORE GOES TO: SELENA GOMEZ!
Why do ppl steal other ppls tweets? Just RT you thief?
Bored, very bored :(
Grow your client base! Make lasting connections! Improve conversion rates! Measure success!
So bored and tire. . .
cotto also does it cuz he wants that 10 mil.... Haha he knows he wasn't gonna win
Just waking up,, ah
It's officially the last minute! There are 30 minutes left in the voting day - polls close at 6PM. Call 327-VOTE so you know where to go.
what kinda splash do you use? Im in the market for a new one!
Work from 2-6 and then out with friends later :)
Lets do THIS the TONY way!")
Just signed up for my Twitter Developer account!
New blog post: garlic-sage potatoes. I'm in!
awh look taylor looks SO KEWT.
MAD empowered. I even drew boobies!
: "I got all the woodwinds up in this butt". Me: "all I heard was the baritone oboe"
story of my life. !
The awkward moment you called someone then they just say "you spelled my name wrong haha"
Me, of course ;)
Thomas.gov has legislative info from LOC
we're oscillating.
Pneumonia is a great way to lose five pounds if you don't mind things like death
RT : Always think infinite possibilities!<=TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!!! Love your presence Mr.
We've long since forgiven you for trying to secede, losing the Alamo, and giving us "W"...so yes, the $ would be worth the same.
#StrangeClouds is the only thing i've been listening to for the past 3 days.
Looking for some suggestions of "Good Friday" songs to sing or play on ocarina. Any favorites?
I have no service in Dallas from last night at about 8 PM. What is going on. Not very happy
What Im Up At 2:40 !
Too good not to repost here. From FB: "Mommy, look! There's email on the grass!" — friend's son, pointing to newspaper at end of driveway
April is Stress Awareness Month- how do you handle your stress?
thanks for supporting our event and RT keep it going1
This was really fun. I added so many cool books to my already huge TBR list. Even if I don't win, I already won!
thinking good thoughts...
If you don't already, follow & ! The Kinetik Tour is coming to a town near you!
surprised our cable is still operational after some of lightening strikes in the area
...Your feasts be yummy, And fill your tummy,
It wont hurt to put Quinn in
Like in my opinion, I hate to say it but the only good performances were RNG and .....8 flavas.
And yes its now art
we enjoyed your performance!
Eric Wedge's pitchers turned a 7-run lead into a tie game in one inning. Bunch of
Mumbai Bistro is open today!!
Wonder if she will ever have the courage and...
hahaha Oh god
Thanks ump! :)
S/o to thanks for the follow boo. :)
Our shish kabobs were amazing! I think I'm going to have to arm wrestle Ellie for the leftovers.
"Home is a sanctuary for me, the place where I can relax. Everyone should have the right to a safe and secure home." -- Corinne Bailey Rae
I RRREEEEEAAALLLLLYYY don't wanna get up.
a pleasure as always! Next time we'll know where the plates are kept
Parents spend the first part of our lives teaching us to walk and talk, and the rest of it telling us to sit down and shut up.
We r currently looking 4 couriers to contract with. We have a bunch of routes available. Please contact
YES! When are you trying to go? Rates all go down after April there. It's France, mountains, and a Caribbean vacation all in one
just went shopping for my confirmation dress for tomorrow :))
NO TOUGH GUY! JUST YOU!
a little fennel spice rub, or just toasted ground fennel will treat u nicely
Every thug needs a lady ...
Why are Triscuits SO addicting?!!
Every classic Beastie Boys song I hear tonight sounds like I'm hearing it for the first time. Incredible.
There are many sad "am I ugly?" videos on Youtube. The faces are fine but the comments are a septic spill.
Never slow down always stay focus
WOW. RT Thx 4 suggestions on Movies. Havent been able 2 see any until recently. OCTOBER BABY, powerful story of forgiveness.
Thankfully, my frustration with practice reference questions makes me want to try out real ones, instead of turning me off of reference work
Good biz! RT : so Im coming to Chicago this month apparently.
which etgar if I only have cash for 1?
It's a great day for Solar! www.greenpowere.com
“: true that and I sure get back will be so much sweeter ” going to be tough with a masters field
com systems work, please visit both Clickbank
o..aint thar hello video funny!?!
WE love you guys
IM FRUSTRATED
Will meet Jim Lehrer tonight in Victoria, Texas. Getting ready for a big profile piece running in Saturday's paper.
My Grandmother used to always say to me, "if you want something done right, you have to do it YOURSELF"
WHO WANTS TO BE IN A FAN VIDEO FOR AUSTIN MAHONE AND ALEX CONSTANCIO ? JUST TWEET ME A PICK OF YOU SAYING WHAT COUNTRY OR STATE YOU LIVE IN
So unbelievably jealous. Need. Online. Poker. Back.
follow back please?
what's your favorite sports team?
If you try to have good positive thoughts every day then good positive opportunities will present themselves to you.
Baby birthing 101
your new album is... amazing. congrats!
Dear Twitter, I'm abusing you. </3 love, the person who barley tweets.
Had a blast in CA...can't wait to see my fam!
Wrapin myself right under the bed cover n
me too bro ;D
Need some much awaited sleep.. Goodnight<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
"IF I SEE THAT PUPPET DOWN THERE OMG" "its down there waiting for you adele." "MICAH SHUT UP!" LOLOLOLOLOL
Out to lunch with my Momma Grandma and Aunts! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BB>
Today's special for brunch. French toast with carmeled apples and a berry compote. Happy hour all day. Jumbo Bloodies $5.
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Waikoloa Beach & Kings' Golf Course!
Thank you so much for an amazing trip to Japan!! The whole flight was amazing, and the staff was so nice and attentive.
Free earl motherfucker.
Blessed is the influence of one true, loving human soul on another. ~George Elliot
Mahalo for the tweet!!! Ono is a under statement!!!
Support independent artists! You will like what you see!
Seems ironic that WWE has so many twitter notifications during their programming. Almost like they just want ppl to tune in but not watch
We do have some gang activity but the local media doesn't really report on it.
When a person looks at you then looks down it means they really like you
Thank You! It means alot yo
I love those Milton Brew Sox. That ice is quite warm at this point!
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone! What are you thankful for this year? Post it on our wall!
Life is not waiting for the storm to end. It's about learning how to dance in the rain.
I FOLLOWED YOU ON KEEK ALREADY!? Like when you first got one! Does it still count? PLEASE?<U+2764>
bitch. threaten to slap me one more time and im going to beat the living shit out of you. i aint playing your games anymore dirty hoe!
just a joke to a joke, if you were serious, I am too ... :-)
Magic keep getting and wasting opportunities.
Someone please bring me nyquil. :(
I think EMC just set the market price
is it good? I haven't read it lol
Lost mynumbers text me
Really thirsty for something;)
Just had a room full of students who stayed after school to get their essay done. Makes me smile to see motivated kids.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there. Hope you all have a wonderful day!!
Our patio is open so you can finally get some vitamin D! No more bad weather, but we can serve you a dark & stormy cocktail!
What does GOING GREEN mean? At CHI/YoungEnergy, Inc. it means to help conserve, save money, and save our planet while creating jobs.
Warren Buffett remains optimistic about US future. www.tncnews.com
Pft ima beat both of u guys up!RT : fuck her up please
City Of <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>
Mom says we got your box!!
Prince Peter Kropotkin (W. Morris befriended him and let him use the Kelmscott Press) on the importance of food to a successful revolution.
I just downloaded the app. Good surprise and delight opportunity that would help drive usage: reward initial use with 500 FF miles.
wow! Really? The last few songs are the highlight. "lounge Act" might be the best song ever.
Thanks for the RTs!
Ready for todayy.
I live in a town everyone claims to hate, yet no one seems to leave.
I'm thankful but I want something closer
Having someone there to comfort you when you really need it >>>
Tonight had suspiciously easy discussion about getting access to site to excavate.
these niggas keep looking at me. yeah, they like my gangsta walk
yea I get it, but again that sounds like you're saying green day Isn't good? Haha
I hope he was literally singing. (hi!)
James Stephens~ Curiosity will conquer fear even more than bravery will.
we only got one more day of testing
I met some great people at #CTIA from
hey, you are welcome
Stressin hard praying God gives me the strength 2 mak it thru these next few months
Hell yeah! Fuck that
Just my luck... I'm at a symposium sitting next to the web-streamer!
Run hard, be strong, think big!
it's okay:) xx
I hate when you feel the hurt of a broken relationship everywhere, even in the palm of your hands..
I didnt cause not all mfkin foreigners can afford those in other fkin countries.....
I miss Luke Scott
Thanks for asking ;)
I've calmed down now :)
Just lost 40 degrees and I have a driveway to shovel off tomorrow. Yup, I'm back in Ann Arbor.
I planned to really knock it out of the park today. Oh well -- always tomorrow.
Go out to the Merced County Fair this weekend and visit the Ford display. Check out the 2010 Mustang GT and 2010 F-150! Ford. Drive one.
#nowplaying jamie foxx-can i take you home
My shins are in soo much pain omg...can't wait to get home to ice them down...
We've all had boring jobs that are meant as a way point to a real life. Nick is no different.
It's #JustRead Monday!!! Reading anything??
Thanks!! RT “: Happy birthday !”
this is a test
Huntsman supporting Romney...POLITICS! If you believe Huntman's previous comments...this is just POLITICS! What do you think?
Let's go you got this!
how was ur day?
I <3 my #FrappyHour baristas at the Liberty Lake ! They make me laugh and smile. :-)
For those who don't live in So Cal and can't receive our clothing, we apologize and appreciate your patience.Website coming soon for you all
Training is always good :) myself, recovered 90% & still soaring high on marathon endorphins :D Any races on the docket?
I don't even feel like getting up for school today.
hey girl,did u get any kind of answer from her?? Can't wait for ur next part!!!
Allergy season: when I barely have time to take a breath before sneezing again.
For those of you that aren't aware , haven't tweeted much lately..Twitter now blocked at work. Try to catch up with y'all on my days off
Everyone go follow these accounts right now!! and :)
i feel like doing the "Soul Train Line" in the frozen foods aisle at Pavilions. ya think anyone would notice?
I hate when people think there better than everybody esle
Home sweet home <U+263A> time to go MIA again
Pass-happy Badgers | Move inside NU 30 | Clay run to red zone |
Yup, just farted bc of how hard I blew my nose... #I'mOld
Shout me out an i will shout you out back!!
#CaseyAnthony yep, verdict by midday to late afternoon tomorrow.
Sometimes in life you just have to let things go, forgive, love and move on! Life is to short and you never know when your time is up.
Seeking angel investors for Hot up coming recording artists projects!
#CUSE fans need to follow help get the support goin and show him how much #CuseNation fans want him playin in 315 next year!
what song should i Sing?
Don't forget this Halloween weekend that all the ghosts go, "BOOze!"
haha I'll see what's good
Big day ahead. I'll be busier than a cucumber in a woman's prison! ;) x
I will not be working for We discussed it but talks ended when I couldn't explain what it is I do.
Good morning. What's for dessert?
Please don't compare them to RHCP. Pick up the self-titled album... my 5 year old's fav song's Spacegrass. Won't tell him whasbout.
With the growth AMS has enjoyed, we've decided the time is right to revamp our website & add a new blog feature. Stay tuned!
ok well it's 911 and ask for drop the soap David that's me lol
Yeah I love to cook..
- Sounds great. Let me know if you tour in NYC.
ha! I hope you are right. Still missing 10,000 ingredients (words). May have mixed in wrong order too.
We want Rappistburgh
Merry XMas Everyone!
RT : What gives me hope for this country is my straight friends are just as excited as I am about President's announcement.
Yes! RT : Congratulations to General Hospital, winner of the Writers Guild Award for Best Daytime Drama! Watch #GH!
anyone have a blue pen they can teleport to me? lol..
As much as my liver thinks otherwise, I wish I got my shit together to go to #sxsw this year.
Happy Birthday to ! Love you twin! :)
consistency is the key...gettin a WWTWL record will put us at the top of that table if we could keep that up
Ease up... I don't want you!
RT : Love Break! What do you love most about you? Tell yourself, and receive that love.
In parking garage sipping my coffee. Might need to head to the library.
Hate to state the obvious but this isn't the Olympics.
Thank you! RT
I know omg sigh plus like your island is like super far hmm what shall we do
me and Derek sharing a moment to It's been a good might
Good times with my mom and Cody!
I feel you.
RT "Don't find fault, find a remedy." - Henry Ford
I am originally from Memphis so I know how Memphis Q is!
I feel like I should start tying people to chairs and explain myself more often
Where the hell did Cameron go?!?!?!
Follow me I follow you back xD
:) thans dude<3 eat all the cookies yet?;)
It's that time of the day when I really need to find pictures of adorable animals.
Oh no doubt! Will do.
i don't see it
Interesting. I UNDERworked it. Better aftr lots of kneeding, whn it got dry & silky. Drunk's fine, tho. I was, practically.
'cole just said she going to prom in a tiara and thong! I need counseling
Some bullsh*t we have a following limit ..
Apparently we're ordering Mayweather/Cotto in the hope that Floyd loses. This seems like a fruitless & expensive endeavor.
I am just checking in Russell and seeing how the new year is treating you.
asdfghjkl Stefano. <U+E328> Excuse me while I fangirl.
Hahahaaha yeah I hangout with them all the time.
Bell starts: I'm going to focus and learn something! Half way through bell:soo tired..Can't stay awake Bell rings:All my energy is back!
drake concert?
I now have a "Trending Articles" feature at the top of my Facebook news feed. That's...new.
Thanks for the mentions and !
Brutal call by the officials. That's not a playoff foul in the 4th quarter. 76ers got a gift.
Next up is "Courage 336" by Andreu Honeycutt, a dance set among government enforced uniformity when one dares to be
Grind'n “: If a guy starts to like me right away, I automatically assume there is something wrong with him”
Good Morning. Happy Derby Day!
thank you! Check out my band. www.mevsmyself.net
Stop throwing beach balls on the field
. wow, just saw new ad. April 1st, eh, it is a joke right? So sad. Von's FTW. You must be hurting really bad to pull that.
Just a reminder that Grease will be selling out. Get your tickets now...
That's the only reason I'm interested in participating in local politics but have no interest in state or national office.
Wow, it's going to be close to 70 in Indy early this week! Looks like we'll all be out on the trails, enjoying this while it lasts!
Your math prof has a Phd and 8 years of schooling on you, stop being an asshole and trying to tell him he's wrong every 5 minutes.
Thinking of you, your family, and the Kudro family. I pray God gives u comfort, peace, understanding, & love. <3
Straight burner
S/o to my new followers..and Happy Friday! A lot of people in town for HU homecoming..WELCOME!! Have a safe weekend..im going out to play!!!
Right there with you, Donna.
apparently we are visiting Doris on Sunday. Is she there?
all those fairytales are full of shit, one more fuckin' love song I'll be sick.
translated, when my friends send me texts in characters, I either don't receive the text, or receive a random letters/numbers
Interesting that you do that, I've read that the mirror trick is sometimes helpful. Do you think I should try it with my kids?
: I assume u already RTed this? MT : RT this to win "Walk & Talk:West Wing Reunion" script
GL to Nick Woodward | Final 9 of the #GUKPT Main Event today | Nick represented Notts and finished 6th for £46k |
Does anyone kno if tha comedian lunelle has a twitter bkuz she dumb funny.
Just you babydoll ;)
it's all part of the ruse - muahahahaha
Whats the worst thing to do to a blind person? Leave the plunger in the toilet.
Thank you! Happy Mother's Day ladies.
I'm on my way lil mama
Realest Quote of The Day So Far.
Those are the symptoms but what can we do to cure them. I say schools are the key, get students to Austrian schools
Speaking of... The WWII memorial is way too fascist looking for my taste. Why use the iconography of Albert Speer? Defeats the purpose, no?
What are frozen hot pockets called? #they'recalledhotpockets
It's not this account though!
yes that better to sleep untile tonight we have one more night duty ....
Yep...I was talking about that earlier this evening. Some of the smoke may make it here, not as bad as 2011, though...
i do a lot of dumb things
just got ur vm. on my way to #novacowork now. you there today? if not, i'll give you a call.
hey cuz. Miss u
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours. WD
Eli Manning as the SNL Host? Kind of rough...
it must be your ass cuz it ain't your face.....
I just realized I was there for Carl Beane's first game, it was also my first game.
uuuuggghhh I hate my mom!!!!! #shehaseveryexcusetomakememad!!!!!
would you like 20 FREE bottles of Groovy Cleaner to give away on RSD??
Eff it I'm done with this
just about getting there lol. :)
Back from boating weekend in Coronado. Ck out Loew's Resort's pet-friendly policies: Our boating cats loved the marina!
What are the best Android apps you've found? How do Android apps compare to those on other platforms?
It's a long way down, just fall into place & you'll fall into me, we'll make it out, you'll see
RT : Is it cardio if you put on your swimsuit and have a panic attack? // I vote yes
GOT IT. Should I do an ebook?
hey how was ur concert :)
Kanye west one of the
Cool video guys.
Reading. It is what's for dinner.
Went to home depot for a toilet seat an I bought a new toilet. WTF
A girl can have all the guy friends she wants and you don't care. But once you have one friend that is a girl... Shit going down
on babbba boooeey Go Big Blue!!!
#stm2012 Mark zpatterson presenting the plans for eLife: a collaboration btw funders & research community to launch a research-led journal
had to play tew short back on a bitch
RT : Sponsor Spotlight: Bayer's Plumbing. They have been a Bowl for the Cure sponsor for many years. Thank you!...
The only thing standing between me and California is 21 hours and three flights.
Or Lucas.
#Kentucky over #Kansas. #College Basketball
I don't wanna brag but I'll be the best you ever had
Hello everyone , nice to be part of
Congratulations to Romney; earning $21.7 million in 2010 is great. Cutting the avg. $14,000 in Social Security benefits is BAD!
It's That Sundress Weather:)
The Biggest Sunday ever,dont forget to watch The Super Bowl Half Time Show with MADONNA on NBC tonight!
Certainly didn't end the way anyone wanted it to, but thanks for another great season! Always proud of these guys win or lose
neither of these teams move the ball like the Spurs do
That #awkwardmoment when you're in the movie theater and a scary part comes up and you're the only one who screams. haha
is exhausted by Summer Reading today.
I did sweetheart
same here, so have I. It's so sad. It's how everything is perceived. It's how society depicts how we should operate.
Now that's an idea! real dummies!
always amazing the angle these guys can score goals from.
and tea amo
Bet you that Jets would welcome the circus. Trying to steal the focus from the other side of town.
~ club penguin status ~
We should start a petition to get NASA more money and restart another moon launch program. Trampolines IN SPACE.
Mrs. Kirk: "I am intimidated by people who are Asian"
hi Jeff ^^
I don't want to waste my time
We are not portrait photographers... Unless they ask us to be! LOL!
I think the good days help ya get thru the bad....
UWGB has 3 from the state of Wisconsin on their men's basketball roster compared with 5 from the city of Chicago.
I am home sick again today
I believe those Spurs can go very deep in this playoffs. GSG!
Hi Merry, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand your users & engage with them Follow 2 DM?
Trying to figure out what type of computer I want to get. No matter how I build one they all come out expensive!
Great! “: Having some yummy wine.”
Thanks for the follow, and I dig your explanation for the name inspiration. Are we saved in 10 Mnths, or deeper in the doo?
congrats! Whoa;)
Finally got a bandmate to join Twitter. Everyone please follow and give him some love.
it's damn near twitter stalking
Please follow me!
Not a qudd start two my weekend.! Im offically not in the mood now.!
yes!!! U r awesome!!!! Thanks!
I was just hoping you would both let me set up your gear!
i just want a women who look 30 when she 81
Forgot to tell you did watch video you still make me cry. I know not sad stuff but so proud of you!! I can't wait to see you!
Ok, maybe...but I took you for the kind of gal who dated weirdos in high school.
Nickelodeon should have more just so I could see Jesse Daley more. (:
nfl draft today who will be the #1 pick what's your thoughts...
So I guess Emily gets the boot?? Thanks commercial.
So my brother(he's 20) decides to wake me up, cause I fed his cat! And starts cussing me out . Then is immature and takes my iPad ! Okay ?
Be fearful of the Lord. Be fearless of the world.
Fatmata & Mariama Kabia C'12 are empowering young girls and encouraging literacy with Memunatu Magazine in Sierra Leone
& I am following your thoughtful blog! Thx for sharing!
All of my dishes are clean and in cabinets. I'm never eating again.
I just want to let u kno u confuse tha shit outta me wen I see ur Profile pic douche
#Insanity tonight?
lmaoooooooooooo, gotcha! RT oh neither is ok for ME...I meant for her
I'm frustrated we together right now
I understand our Support Team has helped you with your issue. Please let us know if you need anything else.
Omg!!!! I'm tired of seeing these black friday commercials already# SMDH
Prevailed on a half million dollar summary judgment motion. Happy Friday!
Looks like we're adopting an 8-yo Weimaraner *and* a 3-month old Terrier-Rotty mix this week!
Friedman arguing that taking emails out of context is a "falsification".
cat fight lmao
Looking for Security bloggers
ever. i'm sure it's a small piddling number given how poor i've been at maintaining it.
Sumtimes we focus so much on what happens after we die that we forget how to
ME TOO. So close!
designing lights like a boss... dats wats up
whenever I Skype with , the aliens from Signs break into the call. Closest corn fields are Trible B. I'm heading over.
i will!
tell me about it.
I choose to finish writing scripts and damn near had to make a mad dash for the rest room...
Somebody is mad!
Geeking out/met THE Claudio Sanchez, got signed copy of Second Stage Turbine Blade, offered him licensing deal on next film
thanks for the fan shout out! Love you and your basketball skills. You made my heart race every game. #Twolves playoffs next year
good morning Dylan! :) <3 you
Finally got my chocolate!
Really have no clue what his value might be. Like most everyone else on the block, his contract makes a trade challenging.
The Saguaro Cactus, found in South-western United States does NOT grow branches until it is 75 years old!
i need 20 shots! my brain is fried! cant wait!
Oh girl,thanks (: you are too! <3
The Beginin Of Errting Is More Lyk Ur First Tym On A Bicycle. U'l Flop A Dozen Tymz But As Soon As U Get A Grip Of It U Becum Ur Own Bozz
Yes. My 2nd fav place to get away. 1st is the white mtns of NH. Serene.
nice day to be at the stadium we are right behind you. Go !
No! RT : am I the only repeating "hold on to the ball, hold on to the ball, hold on to the ball" anytime a Packer has it now
We all feel terrible. Except me, because I'm still young.
Mr Martin, what exactly is dumb about her statement?
You are so awesome! What an amazing concept! You need a Twitter handle for them! I will Pin to Pinterest to share. Cheers!
I thin it's my best.
Marketers must be involved in “revenue generation.”
Happy Veterans Day to all of those that keep, and have kept us safe!
Looking forward to watching your piece on this Sunday.
RT rule ... just saying -- Tyler would know and I would agree
ahahah i dont really care i just wanted to keep telling you. It's your yahoo acct
he got completely butt sodomized.
Memoirs of a Geisha II
Why is everyone so concerned with falling in love? Just live your life and see where life takes you.
This old dude in "Game of Thrones" looks like Dio in the video for "Holy Diver."
Morning. Grateful to be celebrating another year of life today on this sunny, frigid cold day in northern Illinois.
Oh You Mean “That” Truck?… It Fell Off A Truck…”
I want to kick in the nuts. Then i want to strangle and i want to drown and
You have to post "#TheICONicThings" tweets. Look into my past tweets and you'll understand.
overheard an elderly woman in the grocery store talking about humpdashian. it transcends generations
i really want 2 cut my hair so 1 of my 4 bullies can't like he almost did 2day
you should hang out with me when i invite you
Just discovered Dirty Loops. These guys are killin'!!
your all beautiful women if your insecure.
:P Yes you will!! RT : #NaNoWriMo #DFWRhino #LMP See you at the finish line!
I love tweeting!!!!!
PitBull is the truth, somewhere Sean Paul is wondering what the hell happened!
Almost time for Shawn Page to bring his Pants Off,Dance off party to Sabbatic. Drinks? Oh F*k yes! Fun? When is drinking and nudity not fun?
#NFL Probowl #Elite!!
u get the text?
I'll be joining you with other staff tomorrow and Tuesday!
I have had two since 2pm expecting to down 2 or3 more tonight
I think a lot of people who work digitally have some pretty analog processes. Relief from the pixel realm!
say what!?
omg ik and he thought I was pretty and shit :( we have to meet him again
hope you feel better soon :)
wish you would actually talk to me about stuff..
*slurp* M M M M M *drop it like its hot*
Excited about plans for Sweet Muse to have its first pop-up bake shop Monday, Oct 26th 2-6pm at 36 West Bar & Grill
do you buy original art?
new avi is on point
Danielle from Compose the Octave will be on KOLD Channel 13 from 10:30 to 11:30pm tonight! Watch and vote for her!
Voting with somebody more than half the time is apparently the same as voting against them 84% of the time.
Huge shout out to the makers of #Visine this morning. Keeping me looking (slightly) professional.
Intramural Volleyball Championships tonight!!!
well, we can put like metal covers over the fires that have designs in them so we can send "pictures" :P
I need some kind of pick me up this weekend. Ideas?!
Looking forward to with for
keep your head up yams! Tq
Let's get social. I am looking to connect with creative minds that are wanting to develop a new norm for businesses.
Season 6 episode 15 of #Supernatural is the best episode of the series :)
I believe the Backstreet Boys said it best. "Quit playin' games with my heart."
thanks for the vote fam
Looking for more customers? Call your local #Valpak office: 317-806-7821
just like Raburn. Leyland wants to make his guys look good, never happening.
My turn to rock the miami shades in this hot weather B)
hey boo! Imma need ur address soon so I could send u my wedding invite! Omfg Annie I'm getting MARRIED!! <U+E107> Lol txt me it!!
The things that inspire you in your everyday life, take action and watch how you will grow an become more closer to your dreams.
true story bro <U+E415>
The great gift of the human imagination is that it has no limits or ending
Looking forward to tomorrow morning.. 8am never looked so interesting!
blockbuster offers 9.99 for 1 disc at a time games and movies sent in the mail netflix just movies in the mail.
I'm not familiar with the people behind the "Wake Up Everybody" music video.
Still Christmas Shopping
how u doing sweety
Yay it's Friday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
although this still is baffling to me, i do love a complement that refers to being "perfect"... #i'llTakeIt
My romancing just got so complicated! Curse you always saying the nice thing!
im in history and i want drugzzzz
I WANNA CR-CR-CR-CRY! i gotta get at least 45 followers. So broken inside :'( </3 #help ;)
slushy margaritas tonight! brunch tomorrow from 9am-2pm! ...brunch with a slushy margarita? yes please.
...and more prone to poor decision-making, and thus more likely to remain poor and to raise kids who will themselves remain poor. ..
Wanna hear from great music? Log onto Mix969.com and listen to the 's Patrick on the radio til 5p et. Dude is multi talented!
thanks for following! how are you? (: it would totally be superawesome if you also followed/listened to (: xoxo
Listened to Broke Ass Stewart on MidDay today. What a horrendous interview he was: unprepared, unintelligent, uninteresting.
I am pumped to begin asserting the new MA mechanic's liens for designers, engineers and professionals. Darned if that doesnt put a l…
The successful man is the one who finds out what is the matter with his #business before his competitors do.
Ok for all those looking for something to do tonight...in Phoenix Az. Steak Night at The Castle, 1134 W. Grant St. RKFFRK
is getting ready for an audition today AND three more demos! Love the residual income from both!
We have prizes for the first 3 people to check-in to the HP Field House on FB or 4square and come see Jameka in Section 109, Row 2, Seat 1
Looks like the boys are still tired from game 3
i hope #valsday doesn't make single women feel worthless. it's supposed to be a celebration of love, not a time to make ppl depressed&lonely
Awesome, thanks! Myself and a few developers I work with would be very interested in that.
Second! RT : Shout out to and at #HHAwards!
YES YOU WERE. YOU TOLD ME
I think those are probably the real estate pics and not what it currently looks like.
miss u 2 <3 RT: I would kill for a visit to Little Big Burger. M cheeseburger, truffle oil fries & beer. Miss u
glad to have ya back my friend!
#lions take a wr? Seriously what the f'ck! Whos gonna play defense?
Oh, tempting!
But that's *not* the original use. The blog itself is a unique record, same as an illustration in a book.
self-selection remains: "I can't do this". providing entry-level access to foster creativity is key
#IThankGod for the blessings we are about to receive. :)
Yep, it's so vague it's ridiculous
Hey Benji this is scott from California. This is my actual twitter, not using the scottjones yahoo account. This is my band.
go Andy
Date night went to go see The Grey last night. Well made movie but sad at the same time.
Further revealing our identities would not be prudent. One of us has a practically definite interview. For now, we shall remain anonymous.
Get me to a better seat z100s jingle ball
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. -Wayne Gretzky
hahah yeah he's my favorite
Why so slow HootSuite????
People are not all the same. So live life and love everyone. Till you find that reason not to.
Come to cans bar for a few drink samples tonight. I may be on the other side of the bar for once
well you ain't got to worry about dumpin him cause the pack is gonna kick some Minnesota ass baby
So, is doing a summer tour and i plan on attending #YAY #goodthings #songsthatareinmyheadandheartforever #hye :)
": I'll keep you posted...a fall speaker in the Chicago suburbs.">>> YES! #makeithappen LOL
Delicious meals being served up by volunteers right now
congrats on the success of TLM-guess I'm never gonna get u 2 Cannes with all ur US success?!?! BTW, still eating alone....
It was good. That's all I'll say for now, but we must regroup tomorrow!!
Lol my Birthday Is Tomorrow April 24 Not Today! thanks For The 2 Early Happy Birthdays Thoe!
Double-secret probation for all gay tar heels!
Forgot my kindle. Forgot my charger. forgot my money. Forgot my drivers ed folder. Forgot my permit. Fuck.
Northbound 35 to Stillwater for America's greatest homecoming celebration!
great, innovative homes you've designed in ontario! and now they're on culturenow.org's map!
Trying to assuage the terribly shitty process that is searching for one-person apartments on Craigslist with coconut milk ice cream.
iPhone 4 on verizon - this is only news for me insofar as my 3G bandwidth is soon to be crushed. Boo.
nice, glad to hear you are back in the game
I'm going alone too! Lol
just realized is going to coach us to a national championship next year.
We missed you! Come to one of the next events we're doing with ! Today was a blast!
the obnoxious and cocky Oregon Duck
Season finale of The Virtual Zone coming up soon. Happy Friday!
Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic. – Dale Carnegie
why is it that i get the worst nites of sleep when i need to wake up early -_- ughh...work 6-3.
12 hour workday means no work on , but now that I have 1k rep there, time to make moar edits! yay!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 93
Ugh. Good night.
Your the only thing I know like the back if my hand and I can't breath without you but I'll have to
There are the damn Clippers I love.
Yeah ): I feel bad for him.
Be fearless...a Miracle is coming
Had to curtail my bike ride at 15 miles; couldn't keep my heart rate under 160 and that was with my meds!
Rap Is My Bestfriend. It Helps Me Express My Feelings and Weakness.
People need to stop mixing religion with policy. It's driving me crazy. The United States will never truly be the land of the free.
I believe I've finally reached the threshold where I know more people going to Sundance than the people I know staying in LA. Have fun!
The MKE Pride Parade starts in 2 hours (2pm) and we are opening early for the fun! The parade runs down 2nd, right past Sabbatic.
---you are welcome ... Have a wonderfilled day!
and why is that
Thanks for the follow cutie (:
r u gonna write the chapter!!!!!!!!!:D plz say yes!!!!!!!!!!i loved the first chapter
'It's not like aacr2 was written in plain English.' -- love you, Erin!
It's very sad.
no Aaron no -_-
There are two music concerts that will always make me smile and Sibelius and has Sibelius tonight, it's a good day :-)
Alright everybody, for the 12 days of Christmas we'll be giving away different TGB merch each day to a follower or fb fan. Stay tuned!
Listening to v Georgetown with Homer and Mac. Last time I did this, I was 10, it was 77 and it ended pretty well.
Check out #Blackdaggerbrotherhood #jrward : What Should I Read Next?
currently listening to #milwaukee in #seattle.... #android Call out!
For all booking for the New Year, email offer to or text 404-593-0073 **BUSINESS ONLY** RT
They should show showrunners/writers The West Wing Season 2 finale as a how-to guide.
You are correct, he wasn't. No worries :D
sending out happy thoughts to inventor of RefWorks...on pt 2 of 3-part project...
That's how we roll!
Nice - we need to stop in soon and check it out!
Ready for mouth-watering traditional Ethiopian dishes? 50% off Fasika Ethiopian Cuisine. So much awesomeness on 1 plate....
Ugh , why is it not college football season yet ?
Had my first flat during a bike ride. Luckily, it wasn't raining and E wasn't with me.
snazzy. :) You should have strapped on a guitar and played "Sharp Dressed Man." That would've been cool! ;-)
I would not be shocked to see that by the time my 2nd grader gets to HS there is no post office!
So beat the Tarheels?! :) RT ESPN catches up with former Tar Heel Dante Calabria, now on (cont…
Blows smoke off gun
Forgot my knitting in the couch. Sigh.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY :)
Was just down in Nashville/Brown Co./Bloomington - not too far but so darn pretty! Might be a nice day drive.
fear boys...?
Thanks. Street and public music focusing particularly on Kenya/Tanzania/Ethiopia. Gull is leading it, a multi-instrumentalist.
make a trip then. memorial weekend? :)
Anyone down to go to the golf range?ill be at the one off Schaffer
I don't care what anyone says . I love <3
#somebodytellmewhy dreambighustlehard.com is so #GOOD We, have #ARTISTOFTHEWEEK #DREAMGIRLOFTHEWEEK and all the latest news
tabloids are evil.
I seriously think im invisable to </3
Having a good day and night, Anita?
17 hours, 2 planes later and we have landed in Phnom Penh!
appreciate the follow ma !!!!!!! 1hunnit
on The Score at 9:05! Check out the newest Nugget on AM1510...
Katz: Copyright Board of Canada, payment is the norm, view that money will go to good (ownership) rather than bad (use)
If you have a special 2012 prayer request let us know as we go to prayer to begin the new year!
I dont believe this ed system of its own will is going 2 change. If local control is so great y isnt it working asks Spellings
Achieved full subway zombie mode on my first day riding the Red Line.
Opening: Sophomore, The Iron Lady, Continuing: Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, The Descendants, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
The social organization understands the benefits of collective intelligence. Engage your subject matter experts.
morning dollies! time to get to work today #finals are on their way :(
"Set a fire down in my soul that I can't contain, that I can't control... I want more of You, God..."
Had an awesome time at UFC Fight Night with Dan K., Ken S., Laura M., Bridget M., Greg G., Bob C., and Daisy F!
Just started watching #downtonabbey last night. Then I had a dream that I wrote to Lord Grantham telling him how much I enjoyed his staff.
this made me laugh! so cute =}
next time follow me or else negro
' looks like one of the most difficult schedules in the league. But I know our boys are up for the challenge! Who DAT!
Oh no! That's awful. I'm really sorry. Do you want to talk about it?
That's a damn shame!!!
yes of course.
It's a video about a hippo, you need the volume on but not too loud! ;)
so sick of the meatballs calling the score. the bears suck but its not because Lovie lacks fire. Jesus Christ
Living young and wild and free
a special good night for u
I need to fast forward life to Friday at 12... Ready... GO.
70 followers? I'm actually surprised. I'm much more of a reader than a writer when it comes to twitter.
awesome! Thanks! I had put your logo and link on our sponsor page also. We're excited!
excellent. Make it so.
Corrected : Was told by source that IU beat Indiana State by 2 points. Cody Zeller played very well (in a scrimmage) for Hoosiers
I think #Voicethread has its benefits. I liked the different formats a student can post comments.
But if he does give you a second chance the use it with extreme caution!
That is ridiculous. Just like her other friends. God, I do not miss that crap. I'm sorry sweetie. I love ya!!!
Just added Birdjulius Suet Squares (cakes/blocks) to our suet product line. Really great stuff! Try a sample pack.
oh okaai i guess but hes right dont you think.!)':
You deserve better...
- Great City, if you or your friends need our Insurance services let us know! :)
Air Products to Feature Technologies That Help Improve Combustion and Lower Costs in Cement Manufacturing at 2012 IE ...
agreed! I just finished Mockingjay, so sad it's over but it was really good!
Had a pretty damn gud day :) food, drinks, weed.. got to no some coworkers.. man dar some freaks no wonder we get along :)
that's a big fat no.
oh the rain! We are dry and ready to snuggle with warm miso soup and crispy wasabi chkn with hommemade mashers. Want to cuddle?
sexy I'd hit it
Can't wait to start my own family. My family now is too fucking fucked up.
Had $32.48 billion in worldwide annual sales in its fiscal year ending Sept. 29, 2008.
Forklift Diesel Batteries Amlift Fendt Boston | Construction Heavy ...
This drive is too long.
So where is it? Can I get a link, please. To the review, of course!
I LOVE :) Good food and good company! Sounds fun!!
“: #Scorpio sexuality is strong, deep, & intense. They need a partner the same way.” me and are clearly perfect
omg im such a nerd i cant wait for the tablet....im dying!
Everything tastes green.
Thanks for the mention!
Ok, but we won't save you a beer.
I will follow your new team member
Congratulations, !! You're amazing!!
Yes the 2 are "Prove You Wrong" & "Realize." Started playing them at shows but havent recorded em yet, going to soon though.
We also got another song off the EP next week on our myspace so keep on checkin back!
wanna be like you.
#Philly, everyone should come and party with the to Zydeco tomorrow! Bonus, the drinks are fantastic. No joke.
Ooh, there's going to be a parking meter demonstration later this morning.
RT : “ Just remember that when nobody else was there for you, I was, and when nobody else gave a damn, I did.”
Oh wait.. It's not your business anyways.
Hope each of you had a great day today! Gonna get some Z's! Goodnight and sleep tight!
School time. 1 more week of it and it's over. Ready for high school.
I still like watching Living Single, Threes Co. & King of Queens. Guaranteed LOL! #offTopic <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Grab me tomorrow and I'll tell you the story.
RT : 8 flights arriving to Sunport have been delayed by damaging winds. 11 departing are grounded until wind dies.
lovely darling!
Five Guys is opening a location two blocks from my apartment! Today is turning into a glorious day
I don't think I be making any trips to Milwaukee any time soon. But I still believe...... Ryan Braun is still a cheater!
Good morning :) just woke up
oh my god this is so easy . My windows phone is actually faster then all of yourz. Weird
Come to Gumers to customize the perfect wedding bands! RT : 'tis the season for engagement sessions! check out these two...
we're probably going to have to take a trip there in the name of research :)
Beautiful day in #NOLA! Swirly of over to Pinkberry for a treat to make the day even brighter!
Hi im Karlton. Im in Chicago, Im also huge on the Bulls. I love everything about Chicago- Bulls, Blackhawks, and Cubs, White sox.
I tell ppl I like seeing #police on segways in Station North. Their reaction is you can't go fast on a segway. Just being out does a lot.
Dear headphones, where art thou?
the nature a la carte pic!
Tired of the same ol shyt...
greenfield morning i pushed an empty baby carriage all over the city
My head hurt I just want my man shower sex n cuddle
My dog peed on someones baby stroller.... *walks away slow and awkwardly*
damn I respect you putting it all out there, feedback from the league can't be great after these tweets
“: DID A BANGER WITH LAST NIGHT & I PROMISE ITS ONLY THE BEGINNING #WEWORCIN”
I just told u I left it even the whole night shut down completly
I feel like you and i would be good friends, even tho you went to duke and I go to UK, and even tho you have more swag than me.
you don't even have a pair of 7's so how do you know
Seattle loves Flannel any day of the week! Best wishes to Foofighters in 2012!
place it was nice but next time i travel i wanna go someplace different C:
I can't handle interlopers in Charlie's house lol
Today is quote a musical day.. For me at least.
either search good luck jane on abcchicago website or check our facebook wall when we posted it!
I'm losing my voice, it's been going in and out all day
We have a pot belly pig and I was coming through the kitchen the other night and noticed she was chewing on something. Continued next tweet
Is Calero still not ready? I thought he would be the first one promoted.
Watching don't be afraid of the dark with bro. This fucker jut knocked the maids teeth out
Such a beautiful spring day. Too bad I'm at work.
#gordonwood is killing me
nice song :D is there a iTunes Download?
these putts are killing me!!
Thanks! I'm not sure where you can see the whole match. They livestreamed it on Saturday.
Ok ..yea... so he just want his feelings hurt!
If I had a flower for every time you made me smile and laugh I'd have a garden to walk in forever ;) x
That film is so familiar to so many people, I felt compelled to take it in an odd direction. We'll see if it works.
": Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional." Amen to tht!!
me :D
those days where you just want to get off work and drink a couple beers and watch sports
..what up homie
The news just hit the wire and the word is out Jethro is the sponsor of Elite BASS Pro Brandon Card - L & G's Elvis has left the building !!
fosho!!!! im down for the mish.
very cool! Do you ever blog about things other than lit, literacy, math and science?
we're waiting on final word from regarding With the Mall construction, there may be some challenges.
iPod 4 is a straight up a MUST have! Ask Even can get a free phone# to text and talk over wifi. Best device of the century!
Wait a second, DANIEL BRYAN VS CM PUNK!!
Filipe is in everbodys head on Biggest Loser and I love it LOL.
Mark Zuckerberg is a joke. Worst executive (alleged) I have EVER seen
THAT is the big casting news?!?!
Thank you to our fans who voted in our polls on Facebook and also congrats to Rebecca! She won a free 20" pizza for having the best bracket.
still the best costume! lol
Forgot my vow to never take SuperShuttle and paying the price. DFW to downtown Dallas via Irving
Shits splattering everywhere
finally gettin some new records done!
I got your email. I got it logged in, but how can I get it to work with the saved information so I don't have to do that again
*applies fix* all better :p
thank you. My DVR is prepared.
This baby man (slaps face)
Pats D looks good - 19-0 realized?
Don't forget to join us at The Hillman Center for Performing Arts Saturday night from 4-7PM for Karaoke and the band Arrested Development.
I want a relationship but then again I don't cuz I always end up getting hurt.
Am a lil cra-cra: racing a 5k on Sat & a sprint triathlon on Sunday (Calavaras cty where the frogs jump). so much for 2 wk recovery
Guess I should prepare my sleeping bag??
wait goodbye???? Is dat a code name
and we speak English.
your fucking stupid, i hope something tragic happens to you, so you can stop posting stupid shit
should've been a T-top Trans with a full on eagle hood, doing a burnout.
": I D G A F how Sneaky && Smooth u are . . .girls find out EVERYTHING .They just wait for the right time to TELL U THEY KNOW"
Does anti-freeze affect groundhogs? Just a thought for next year.
I don't remember last nights events, but I'm sure they were epic
isn't it your bed time?! LOL
See you tomorrow!
I think Jones is back too, still
O OK DAMN SHIT FUCK ALL THE CUSS WORDS
MrSReddz is in thys bitch wit aw tha lights on .
Struck with inspiration, started designing more net zero homes.
I'm actually a wimp-only over mid-60s. My husband surfs in January at 33/34. Icicles form around his eyebrows. THAT'S dedication!
Dalas Nolar Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
thank you sir
Happy Holidays!!
THE PICKLE's first shot goes off at 7 p.m. tonight. Everyone's excited. Thank you for ALL YOUR SUPPORT. More soon! -THE PICKLE crew.
Give me an eargasm.
hahaha I just stuffed my face with homemade Chinese. Get at me bro.
Jan 1st actually -- and I'm loving loving LOVING #gluten-free. Rocked my world.
It's the work of - John Wynn -
Nice! Will definitely keep these in mind!
Which is more depressing, more people under “correctional supervision” (CS) than were in Gulag Archipelago or 1 in 3 black men under CS?
Summer please hurry up and get here. Sincerely, everyone. R/T if you agree:)
It's nice to feel human again.
Follow actress on the rise! Support support! She follows back and interacts!
Wow.... Wtf just happened... people are really bipolar in the world!
2012 NFC North Head-to-Head Schedule
How many shows, jobs, and specials have been created by viral videos?? Too many to mention.
We will be adding many Industrial machine parts to our Ebay store this weekend. Tigear-2 Worm gear reducers for 1/3 of the retail price!
: you're doing your radio show from a treehouse???
bigger than rochester
hey u should perform in newark and follow mhe plz...i will like to braid ur hair one day lol
Raph, Why would you be nervous to come in tomorrow? Would we ever make you feel uncomfortable?
I'm RT'ing the whole stream!
Thanks so much. We certainly agree with you!
yep! Just sent it
get out of here -___- bitch
Freebies at walmart-sam's club, view www.downow.info I supply 125 leads a wk at enrollment at www.dowsite.info fun & makes a difference !
Hell yeah
CAN YOU FOLLOW ME??? YOU CALLED ME A LIAR!!! AND I WASNT!!!
start recording now!
Happy birthday!! I hope you are having a great day!
A life of Torah is a life of giving to our G-d for all He has done for us.
Agreed. Hate that i love the Harbaughs. RT : John Harbough shouldn't have apologized.
Oh, and hey, ? What a fucking shitty thing to say. Adopted kids are as real as bio kids. Shame on you.
#FridayReads Somewhere Off the Coast of Maine, Ann Hood; also recommend her newer one, The Red Thread
I guess I am too much... Shrugs
lol, what concert is it for?
and sometimes doing the exact opposite of everything you normally do is exactly what you need to do...
Got a greater purpose then a hater purpose -
true dattt, we have no lives in the summer....lame asses. Lmfao
Get ready for a new episode of #NashvilleNights tomorrow night with ! Tune in!
You never will be the person you can be if pressure, tension and discipline are taken out of your life.~James G. Bilkey
St Paddy's strategy success. Wait out all the drunks then go out.
Happy happy day :) I'm single hooray :)
One Jam 2011, Sunday 27, Nov. Mr Vegas In mt vernon, NYC
As these things go, it could be a lot worse. RT : Breaking: London 2012 motto is 'Inspire a Generation'
“: Life is not fair at all...”thank u.
Want to "monkey around" in Baton Rouge this wknd? Check out Cat McCarthy's Wkshps Sat. & Sun.
At NHL All-Star Fan Fair waiting to watch John Forslund interview Hurricanes super-rookie Jeff Skinner. Quite the mob scene.
yeah pool seems hella hard lol
I got to get out of the habit of jumping in the middle of a convo.
Feet on the streets today. Old-fashioned shoe-leather politics, talking to business owners, hearing their frustrations.
I really love it when code comes together. :-)
Such a long shot, but can you please please please please please please please please play Gold Dust tonight?
March Madness - Kansas State had a big lead...let USM back in it.
I don't think its a Cincinnati thing.
Funding agency req. (stick) Self-interest: what does researcher see as beneficial to work or field (carrot). and save time!
I can't believe that my baby girl will be 7years old tommorrow
listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 6
everyone watch the show with i feel like i really missed out. is this what people that learned about vlogbors late feel like?
Hey guys tell all you're friends to check us out!!! :) like our page and follow us &NTGraspTX
I know a few homoscedastic people.
beanie sampling under way.. should I post a shot of the proposed headwear?
Thank You>> RT
hello twitter
<--- make sure to watch his cover of Justin bieber's "under the mistletoe" on YouTube!
Im just an ordinary person living an extraordinary life. #paleodiet day 4. I feel great and love
living in a church has been a dream forever, wish I had the $$
Why do guys try so hard to flirt with me... just be chill nigga •^_^•
When you see someone that you thought was cute,, then you find out their age :0..
I'm so in love with black raspberry ice cream! Eddies limited
This was about a few years ago, but there seems to be a large number of people looking right now. Such a difficult process!
The #alatt house is going to have a great group of EPIC librarians for #ala12. I'm pretty stoked about it.
uncle Greg hates hard knockers
Productive day and now an escape from reality
just saw the set times posted, thanks!
Assholes are to be seen. Not heard.
I still think it hurts when guys get hair cuts for some reason lol.
One thing I love about Halloween? When you see ppl & can't tell if they're dressed in a costume or not...
Yep. "The more you do, the more you CAN do." --some guy I worked with said that. And he had a gimpy leg.
My dad stay commenting on my Fb
News View repeat at 12:00 AM (Midnight).
Met w/ OvrDrv today about bringing ebooks to the library. Have mixed thoughts on all of it. Wish I could fast forward 10yrs into the future.
Allergens like dust mites and mold thrive in humidity. If you have #allergies and live in humid areas, purchase a dehumidfier for
Random fact of the day: Eli manning filmed a banking commercial at my grandparent's house in Jackson, Mississippi this morning..
Either you run the day or the day runs you!
That's so great to hear!
shoot mañana yes or yes!! :)
"women have always been ... against the violence of abortion" Does Swindell know Siri is an app, not an actual woman?
morning to you
Lasagne pizza. First order at Balena!
go to bed
I Don't Juss Love BTR Because Of Who They Are, But Who They've Become Over All These Years. Still Four Normal & Humble Amazing Guys <3 (:
ps great to meet you in person.
Happy birthday to the bestest coproducer, cowriter and co-star a girl could ask for! Luv you !!
I think I'm addicted to naked pictures and sittin, talking bout bitches that we almost had... -Drake
May heaven give you a gospel that listens as well as it speaks.~ David Teems
don't waste my time.
Sounds like a plan. RT : We'll join you again soon!
I'm a super cheese ball sometimes idgaf :3
I am watching Barbie With My lil sis
always a pleasure...you make it easy (always posting great content!) >>>> :)
Love the Rapha brand. When you get a few pieces of their kit, it's hard to go back down to conventional cycle gear.
Nashville really rubbed off on ya huh lol?RT : My boy Phil Phillips just killed Ushers U Got It Bad .Good stuff
pets are allowed in Europe and there is no problem in and out side love my puppee
mention :p
Thanks for your support! You're still bringing joy to my life :)
If you bite my lip or neck, you better start taking your fucking clothes off.
we are releasing an acoustic song Tom co-wrote with our friends from called "A Night Like This" ... get stoked.
is getting your #API content? I can see oAuth being a factor in their design, an #API driven feature for sure. Go Open!
Friday June 18th Muay Thai Classic XXV @ JannusLive.com - Watch it on www.strykerz.tv
You never fail to disappoint me Justin. #TurnToYou is amazing. You're amazing.
its like *snow* here in Dallas....lol...
Please can you follow me??? I just followed you!!!!!!!
FIrst time observing a #marac conference through twitter. Feels strange not to be there!
Come support PDX's independent filmmakers Nick Wells. 'Metal Messiah' starts tomorrow & the protagonist's name is Sage Negadeth. 'Nuff said?
#WhoCares if her tits are bigger than yours, You're still beautiful
Haha, yes! Like is that too much to ask! Ah, im scared i wont like the new characters they get :/
We'll see you there! RT : yes! Thank you! Ready to rock
we've just got at #hdexpo. get ready to discover all the new products fom Spain!!!
Alright well we're starting our vacation be sure to visit MyTennesseeChristmas.com to find things to do with the family!
Hrmmm...was it already cooked? That helps, but I probably wouldnt trust it.
I doubt my milkshake is responsible, but all the boys have been brought to the yard. And they look fine!
Cool. Good talk.
Would a company in philly be interested in sponsoring a top school? Maybe even in the name of our school.
dibs in 6 months!
YOU TO BOOYTFUL
what's up love?
That's great! Support your lil nephew. :-)
Mines graduation >>>>>> than ur graduation
Follow back :)
our lives are like synchronized.
I'm just gonna buy a car and enjoy the traffic with everyone else. At least I get a spot haha
Am I missing something, just read this in a craigslist post for a car - "I will not be posting any photos"
Alright Milwaukee, you need to get your shit together. This construction is ridiculous.
Going to the White House Detroit Economic Forum this morning follow event
CSR in Lonestar, TX starts today! We are looking forward to hanging and worshipping with all the students there!
Wait, what? You object to wool? I'm confused. They have to be shorn every year.
Listening to talk about song writing. She's dope
The person in front of and person behind me in line at just made a love connection. How awkward to stand in the middle.
one of my fave quotes!
can I get a shoutout for your #1 fan, my son Preston's 7th bday.
Nice Ron Paul, won't back down on Gingrich getting gubment $
The awkward moment when wikipedia has copied your homework.
Sunny 2 Bedroom E70th St, $2350 the BEST deal you will find! Hit me up if your interested to see it ;)
I hope Lu Valentino is enjoying the -30 degree weather in Denver:))
what is FF?
ya they look very stable.
If only the #CTA would get me to work on time
hey ya gorgeos
Pretty good game, missing a special person though
TEXT ME (:
Just a little more than an hour until our Open House begins! Stop by from 3-6.
Legs are sore from the workouts! I cant even walk smh.
shipped out
DOJ says it's provided more than 7,600 docs in #Gunwalker #FastandFurious investigation and Holder testified at least 7 times.
what's the name of your vineyard? are you also making wine?
Sorry I missed this, I'm old school and can only check twitter on my computer. It was 130$ PLO, 3xx runners, 1 day
Thanks! Will do!
#TwitterlessDavidBrown is man among boys
Brewers vs. Rangers today, world series preview?
Who has a Skype table at a wedding?
Bingo. Cupid didn't build the bullpen.
9 shot lead with 3 holes left, I think it's fair to say that Rory McIlroy has this thing wrapped up
I think my dad is coming to my graduation.. :)
he was on msnbc- from wall street. he said some powerful stuff........it was great.
I want a bunny <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0>
Love falling back, but it makes for a long morning w kids.
We're happy to be a loan education & information resource for our neighbors in New Mexico. Please give us a call at 505-836-5700.
pitt is in an #uproar over this no bookbag policy hahaha I know it sucks but this is so entertaining
( you just call me but didn't say much wow
To put how good UK is in perspective, we're losing six guys, all potentially to the first round of the draft, and we're still preseason
After Telephone, I began to check out Beyoncé's discography, and then I fell in love with it. I fell in love with Beyoncé.
fuck yes ;D u ready to get down and dirty with these boys ? Lmaooo and u ready to kill some 6th graders ?
your going to be extremely wealthy in your life.
Tomorrow night is #Autism Family Night at #Fridays! We invite all families affected by autism to join us for a fun, special dinner out.
Crabs RT : Its so itchy
Three of The Last of the Mohicans
Happy Christmas Eve before the most wonderful day of your life, I hear that after tomorrow it all goes down hill
no. Just a reminder. :)
8yr olds have an amazing perspective on life :) Strange that I learn so much from my little girl
my advice is go for it,
I love when summer nights slowly start turning into fall. It'd be like paradise to extend these to forever.
Relaxing. Glad the commute was light this evening. Get to spend time on the couch with 2 cats+dog+pre-hub. Long weekend ahead . . . Hurray!
Immediate Casting! Have a friend who is in a bad relationship? Do they need help? Email your story:
Roots Fashion Affair 2011 was awesome! Loved how different all of the runs were!
I could do that. I could also do W&C (also known as Wine & Couch). Miss Turk also has yoga
Question: , why don't you put QR codes under your caps so I can play your cap games?
Hi! I'm a first semester student in the program.
Jim Ross wrote on Twitter that there will be a Raw this is what he wrote I shall appear on Raw and I accept the challenge by Michael Cole
The lineup for firesest 4 with chiodos and attack attack has been anounced :D Check it out on facebook and hit us up for tickets!
"We partner with everyone we talk to"--one key to Page Library's success
Horrible hair weather.. I feel like I'm in Houston!
Russia Hires Foreign Curling Coaches – Official - RIA Novosti
So My church will now be distributing for the Roadrunner food bank, starting March 5th 6800 Gibson!
I wanna make a mixtape called handyman dame so now I'm workin on 4 mixtapes
The Kid with a Bike, Seven magazine review: The latest film by Belgium's Dardenne brothers is a charming tale of..
I appologize if i say anything i dont mean.
“If you occupy this life for any given time, If you’re breathing, if you’re living then you have a story to tell.” Viola Davis
Excuses only satisfy those who make them. Today, I stop making excuses! I challenge you to do the same
Oh yeah, last night my neighbors were arguing to the point where they were, I guess fighting, and even gunshots were heard. :O.
Good morning monday
Don't forget to WEAR RED tomorrow for Wear Red Day! Join us for free massages, blood pressure screenings & more! Macy's downtown, 11 - 1:30
Sometimes kids like me TOO much...
Haha if you wanna dress up like that! I say we do it.
apparently I can't get this beer in Omaha and am going to have to drive to Iowa to get it.
M&I Sponsors INHP Homebuyer Education Class and Neighborhood Bus Tour
Oh man, congratulations to that.
My heart is aching for Point Dume. Late tomorrow afternoon? I'll check the tide sched.
love sex lectures with my mother
Shoot, can't follow more history and travel folks on Twitter unless I unfollow a bunch. I sort of get that, sort of don't like it.
High Skies, Cooler Days,= Slower Bites, Down size to Jethro Karlie or Jethro Ellie Mae, slow down your retrieve & expect a sublte bite.
Hey there would you check us out? :) reverbnation.com/unseenbeast we're a metal band from Dallas
My phone tweaking ! Wtf
RT : Choose to let the obstacles inspire you, not stop you.
WHAT GOES AROUND...COMES AROUND
This afternoon I tried the Five Guys Burgers and Fries…
I fell in love with a guy from a party.
for chris mf'n smith's art show. get here!
Gonna be playing an all ages electronic show here in Indy on May 18th at the Emerson, don't have a clue who these other dj's are.
Kip Fulbeck- we have a responsibility to SPEAK OUT without fear and in spite of fear. Inspiration.
plz help us RT #teamkevin he has cancer and his wish is to take taylor swift to his senior prom. Plz help us make this happen
the laws of physics do not apply to me so I'm free of responsibility on this.
I love having a sister. we're about to travel the world together. she's my best friend.
My husband LOVES Burn Notice. I watch
Awww your're sweet:)
that is currently not an option.
The new FEVERSHOT myspace is up! POP BOOM POW video and track will be up soon! www.myspace.com/fevershot
Position before submission.
Favorite flavor of ice cream?
The above information must be submitted as a written, faxed or emailed notification to the following Designated Agent:
try and crack and see what happen
"Truth is beautiful, without doubt; but so are lies."- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Carpenter jeans and a Star Wars tshirt is my best look.
The only thing I don't like about a long ass vacation is missing football
Just gotta say u got it goin on! I first saw u in concert at 12 & I'm 20 now! Still huge fan :D
we love the Danes! Cool tune thanks for sharing. You guys will make pretty #Sparklers :)
i miss you
Don't bring it to Eco House... Remember Jessie's bird? Could be the end of cuddling. And breathing.
That awkward moment when your sister is tryna tip toe in to the house and your tryna tip toe out :x LOL!
Oh ! It truly is the best early 20th century British period drama series I've seen.
Window sill flower box is now a mini rice marsh.
Kermit had pink eye -- pretty normal - do you have a vet?
On my way downtown
ya u do look hot in skinny jeans
I'm on it.
Srsly. He sounds like he would've been a bad bet anyway!
wow -- school starts on August 10th?
3rd base side is where the cool peeps hang out. 434!
we really do! Stop working!!
Thank you :) Liking your chocolates very much!
#ThingsBlackPeopleGetArrestedFor resisting arrest & taking off ( RUN ) Lol.
Thx! RT Leave alone. Good name being dragged into phishing email re: an “unauthorized transaction.” Hit delete!
(momma bird style is reserved for breakfasts in bed when we go to Paris after winning mega millions)
#ItsAmazingHow trashy some people can be..
Imma be looking rough in the morning, you already know -.-
You know you had a good time when you can't tell your parents what you did :P
Wish I had some company right now <<<<
Please follow me people i need friends on this thing ! LOL
why do you have to ride on my success? Get your own transportation!!!
Had a strange dream that Hulk Hogan was in the ring talking, and Eric Young show up in a Mariachi oufit. But then again it's TNA.
Oh really? We might have to check that out. Maybe see you there!
2011 is going to be a great year for me. I think I will get to follow me this year. YAY!
keep Japan in your thoughts and prayers<3
What Would I Do If I Was President Hm...... I Really Don`t Know
You, sir, are on a roll tonight. Lol. Keep up the entertainment. I'm loving it. :)
Lmfao I'm #TeamFreak but Not that Freaky, you doing to much now >;P
I think I am becoming a #history buff. Been researching a lot about Florida and Spain for my
Ugh I'm thirsty.
ah yay! <3 what was it about? :D
RT paul-brian mcinerney: no one is atheoretical, everyone has theoretical assumptions. even engineers
Haha I liked that one too! The bf wasn't a fan of his pants. I left them behind for some cute shoes for myself. :-/
From AP: Obama is in Afghanistan on unannounced trip to sign agreement on America's role there post-war.
I need someone to buy as many champagne bottles as they can and I will pay them back right away
I think I just sweated through my shoes.
It is 10AM in the Southland... Another picture perfect day in Los Angeles
VERY excited to pitch and to be part of the event!
this proves there is a god.
Hello gorgeous! And I know you just.... er.... nevermind.
NAH! MITT ROMNEY doesn't have a clue about BULLYING. No person along the way stopped to CORRECT HIS BEHAVIOR. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Who did everyone pick in their fantasy playoff games tonight? Let's go Pujols!
or i can meet tonight during one of my daughters dance classes.
#IdolBackstage ! I wonder who will go home tonight !:/
if u want to help me out, u have to get the card from me. Dm if you want one.
Tried reloading, tried clicking on link on comments section: didn't work for me, but YMMV.
how exciting! We are in Memphis, TN. Still rocking hard blasting some
Remember this a dream is a wish your heart makes, make that wish come true
Getting ready for boating on Lake Michigan today! This is why we wait out the winters.
It'll probably be a tie.
Idea: new hashtag to state things i take for granted about #rva ...
Not meaning to over simplify but I'm thinking a lot about getting leaders to be more action oriented.
he is mad he is stuck in hooterville when he couldn't get work at big cities. Bet he is bitter in person
so I hear.
being on a diet makes me cranky! roar!
"A clear mind and the right intuition i know that ima get my chance, i gotta keep it in step ima do my dance i kno tht ima get my chance"
THERE ARE DEPRESSED CHILDREN IN AMERICA. THEY FEEL GUILTY WHEN THEIR PARENTS GET DIVORCED. THEY FEEL POWERLESS WITH NO VOICE. GIVE THEM LOVE
Enjoy the conference at TCD, Orla--a busy fortnight for DH in Ireland!
#SometimesIJustWant you to be next to me. Telling me everything's gonna be ok. Telling me how much you love me.
cool. Happy early birthday(:
We had nachos and are watching Dana Gould on Netflix.
The International Learning Center is looking for a full-time Instructional Coordinator for adult programming.
Skrillex is an onomatopoeia.
I thought you were gonna say cause you were gonna clean your room but then you got high. Haha
Mixing Energy blend..... lots of white powder. I wonder if this is how Tony Montana started out?
Tweet me questions & ill answer them(:
A person who truly loves you is not someone you see everyday, but someone who looks for you everyday, no matter what
wow i thought kilt um mondays was over but arties comin at everyones neck
I like your new kitty picture ^.^
its time to grind but i aint no skateboarder!ya feel me!
RT : What has been your best PD/learning on the math common core standards?
the script-long gone and moved on
Its Bulaga not Beluga ya moron!
that went straight to my corazon :c
exactly. I like being with friends more than sports.
this song makes me want to put on a bath - great find, sir!
On September 27,1760: Anne Wager opened a school for African American free and slave children in Virginia www.womensindependentpress.com
I have been writing for 36 hrs. minus eating, drinking and some sleep sprinkled in there...
has taught me to #believe in my dreams. one of my dreams is for him to follow me! #neversaynever !!! :)
HEY PETER!! :) thank you for the follow!!! - Ava & Loretta
As expected, rocked his presentation! If you can, go see him in International Ballroom West in the last slot.
watching beaches <3 omg my childhood movie!!
That was so much fun first time using Twitter to win prizes!
Thirsty Thursday got me fudged up.
#ackwardthings...watching a graphic and verbally racey sex scene with your parents.
i see
my curiosity got the best of me. I couldn't resist.
the hot guys are always gay. Makes sense.
Zoe!! I fly to USA right now! i must see u !!
Fuck work entirely...in like 2 hours
i love my life. for reals. and thanks for the compliment and recognition.
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they're the ones who think that you're better than them.
:( RT : If your first initial is the letter 'D', You have the shortest life expectancy.
Ozzie on the kid who got decapitated at 6 Flags "He had a real good head on his shoulders"
It's crazy that I'm separated by someone on stage accepting best picture by 2 degrees.
: have you seen #GracePark in the new #VanityFairMay2012 we're almost like sisters!!! ^_^
I am sure this won't be the last time.
night Tweeps...i'm trying really hard to make this an early night...but still lots to do....
Yep, and education.
I hate the human race to much to want to stick around and deal with them all my life, I'm moving to a foreign country.
thanks will give it a look Friday. good nite...
"Planning before work protects you from regret." - Arabic inscription on an earthenware bowl from Iran (c.10th cent)
checking email
LOL I was hoping nobody would notice d;
": Imagine if TWITTER is a subject.. Everyone is a honor student:"
Thanks for the follow,
All these days, i was walking by my self in the Middle Of Nowhere, till i met this girl who is making me smile:) alot! <3
But... RT : Five letters
Landscape Logic: Drought watch: Things you will need to know to conserve water
Boom! I just got FREE Sliders from for joining #CraverNation. Yes, I know, I'm a little over-excited about this.
I cash like a cashier .
I'm Brother of the Week! Which also makes me Brother of the Summer because we just had our last chapter. =]
Tons of tour dates planned for 2012! Also kicking off my two-day boot camp! Not in your area? Call to host a live seminar or boot camp!
Someone DM me
There's no limit to what a man can achieve, if he doesn't care who gets the credit.
feeling #accomplished (;
Tainted Love by Soft Cell
I feel ya! Inconvenient!
"Ice, rum, and uh uh uh, I can't remember."
Yeah, that was a good call. #Giants TD
Delayed thanks to for hosting 's Will Allen on Saturday. Was a great opportunity and location to hear him speak!
gutfeld listen to your wife and stop smoking! It's bad for you and so so 1986! Give it up you can do it!...
Yes, God answers all prayers :) RT : God answers all prayers.
We haveour fave here! experiment time!! aha!
omg really? i think he looks hot as hell
Mac Miller on Hip Hop POV . <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I can only be mad at myself.
RT The admin has been willing to roll over on various women's rights issues since 08--just bec liberals in office, no guarantee.
Ray Allen < Allan Ray
Arenas open all day today ppl.
No worries, I have a daylight lamp that I use :) Thanks anyway.
"This guy once threw at his own kid in a father/son game."
Sign language presentation on cochlear implants and I forgot the sign for cochlear implants.
was watching The Monkees when I recalled Peter Tork talking about Frank Zappa introducing him and Davy Jones to the Plaster Casters.
GIRLS SOCCER: Perry handles Portland
that's kinda fun.
Our shoes are hitting the Nordstrom website this week..Shop Nordstrom ONLINE for your new pair of 67 shoes!
I'm sure would appreciate the gesture.
I am not done shopping!
those are all my favorites too!!
Santa cruz mission
the first half I like, the second half still confuses me.
I used to watch it but it got so shit, i watched about half a series and was like DIE! especially when they <
We Need 9 more "likes" to reach our goal!!
Text follow fosterbuddies to 40404 in the United States
Mary Jane called my name I asked her why you keep FU%! with meh she said we need our alone time hahaaa
Looks like I'll be drinking solo
me too bro me too lol
I've voted 7 times & I keep voting!!!
- I'm with you! We should call it Whedonland.
Thanks Adam!! We're so glad you enjoyed your meal. See you again soon!
This conversation invites me to plug , a wiki-style journalism project that needs active volunteers.
I remember when you would come to the WLCAC in Watts. You stopped and talked to my dad on 109th st while he washed his car one time.
Awww snaps today was my last day at my 9to5 I just graduated to doin Music Full time OMG this feels so Crazy Such a Blessing thank you God
Merrrghhh. I don't like tests. Or homework. Or AP classes.
I love you Natalie.
thanks for the follow!
I always say that the best compliments come from other women because there is no ulterior motive. :)
hit the three wheel motion on the way...u got our shirts?
Obama makes me love him more and more every day!!!!
Adversity is an adhesive to attentiveness. Wthout it one should seek other strategies to test one's strength.
on a sunday!!
Thanks for hosting 1st #WOMMAchat today- looking forward to meeting and connecting with everyone at WOM-U!
I'm getting ready to listen to it now! POW!!!!
im sorry! I didnt know it was you! Your windows were tinted af!!
Bro...wat the fuck do mexicans be puttin in these breakfast tacos
“: ": Hello" hey beautiful”u never got back to me bout the personal trainer video
- I'd imagine so... Trying to reach back with your hips will help, also a little shoulder flexibility will clean it up
I always spend 30 minutes debating if I should wear what I picked out -_____________-
Im on my way but could really use an opportunity with you. Im prepared too. :) :) kathiej - KS1075 Denver
Chico and Steve look like they were just served divorce papers..
I'm thinking I may decrease the # of computers in my life to 1 powerful Windows machine (server perhaps) & 1 badass laptop (Mac perhaps).
It's been a busy week so we failed on the #BlogPost front. But this just means next weeks will blow you out of the water!
Beautiful tribute to your grandmother.
What's your New Years resolution? Ours is to make more beer!
as of right now coffee as well bc I so over did it today and now I am violently ill.
I need a fucking drink. So much on my mind right now.
I'm selling two tickets if anyone is interested!
Are you a single lady looking for a single man? Go dine in at a Carl's Jr.
never had to follow rules.
Aww I'm sorry
The first presentation in B122 is "Paving the Student Career Path Through Social Networking."
if I had ten thousands dollars for every degree in my temperature, i would feel like a million bucks
Our offices close at noon today for Good Friday. Hope you guys have a super weekend!
Yummy gumbo for dinner and still time to knit! Finishing up August socks... I hope.
WERE HANGING BEFORE THANKSGIVING !
and I do that sometimes because I'm trying to hurry up!
Using my iPad + Bluetooth Keyboard in addition to my MacBook makes me so much more productive. It's almost creepy.
“: Kendall and Logan are single. There's 3.4 billion women in the world. May the odds be ever in your favour.” THIS
COWBOYS WIN SAP SUCKAS!!!!! GOOD GAME ROMO! WHO'S NEXT????????
YergerTech is hiring and we want you to know about it... Please check our Join page to see all positions but also see the included link for…
The older I get, the more I value and appreciate family. Family is the closest manifestation of unconditional love that exists after God.
So glad to see Julia and Tom in a movie together. They were my childhood favs and I always wanted to see them together in a film. :)
Lets make wisconsin the trending topic wisconsin lehgoo
we looked so stupid :p
And he's a millionaire! RT : ironic, why did you refuse a 6% pay cut?
Just passed my Brocade Certified Network Engineer (BCNE) exam!
Very exciting. Can't wait to geek out on UX/UI stuff with you.
Today was pretty great, but now I'm studying for my finals on Tuesday :'(
Whaddaya know. I live in Santa Monica and I love Boa. You should go to Copa d'Oro next. I promise that I am not there.
Lol Prolly one day but You Only Live Once
great bar, can't wait to make you a Sicilian in a couple weeks!
follow back please :) !! lots of love<3
In fact, I'll say this his whole project will probably be the 'smartest' shit to drop in a long time. 'Sephirot' is some serious shit.
yah it's not bad and it's Monday thru Friday
the winner and contestants will be contacted via email on tues.
What clients/prospects want on website: What have you done, who are you doing it for, and what can you do for them?
this episode of Girls is amazeballs
I love love love Blake Shelton and Jermaine.
Did kid did not just say pacquiao is undefeated right?
I owe you a phone call! I haven't forgotten. Tonight?
you got that right but now i'm kinda sorta ready for Monday!
Great #venturecapital opportunity custom #travel solution drag/drop changes, itinerary, map in your calendar & more!
haha! thanks for this :)
so you only communicate via twitter now? i'm still new at this - you can't expect me to to same-day responses!
Stop wit daphy duck faces.
Thank you so much social media rock star for the tweet love about our blanket needs!
PLAYER SAFETY? Players sleep with hookers. What's more dangerous here. Long live productive defenses
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
Clippers-go figure! Congrats-but my loyalty is always
Great job hosting TWiT last week. Loved the earnings-o-rama
lol i mean.. she'll be like i bet you 2 kisses.. okay i bet 5 then I lose so I can get 5 kisses..
Who's watching #TopShot?!?
Omg I am so excited to spend my whole night at Little Caesars!!!!!!!!
It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins
that would depend on who is asking. for you, yes, yes it is
you are not dreaming! although a midnight snack may be in order! RT : Holy popchips! followed me #SomeonePinchMe :D
You're fine!
Congrats to Peyton Hills for winning the cover of Madden 2012! Well deserved!
keep us posted! your picture belongs in our "Where My Reman U Shirt Has Been" segment!
Being a girl is so hard when youre in my family.
oh looool so what's your name ?
Follow my tweets,Is Hot related to Grey's Anatomy online streams on HD
Let's get fucked up and die. I'm speaking figuratively of course.
'I need that one thing, and you've got that one thing.'
!!! How has the disc golf been going? I feel like I haven't been in the office in ages.
Agreed - But when you go from Manning to Flynn to Smith to Garrard.... "Lucy you have sun 'splaining to do!!!"
DANG IM TOO LATE JANUARY PAST ! Any other apple giveaways besides ipod touchs i got one alredy
Yay! We just had a family from Japan come and buy some of our soaps to take home with them! (via Bath & Body Bistro)
The gear quantity/quality at is the best I've ever seen. So happy I made the switch! Full workout in < 45min?
thats big league. The Cards will calling soon.
Just remembered tomorrow's friday bitches
Maintaining separate residences and physical separation while still married can present novel difficulties when renewing a green card.
<U+266A>THATS WHAT YOU GET WHEN YOU LET HEART BREAK!!<U+266A>WAOOAOOOHH<U+266A> WOH!
MOVING IN THE MOUNTAINS | each promote ideas for being active.
Check in soon with the CNN.com homepage to see my featured video work.
ups flow right now till bout 7, whats good wit u?
As 4 uploading a pic,if u wanna change ur profile pic it's the same thing just choose a pic of u frm ur computer
I watch Dr Oz's shows with notebook in hand! Example: Add Capers to salad and pasta as its good to fight Heart Disease!
Will be at #CES Mon-Fri, send a message if you're in Vegas for the show! -- Alan
and the risk doesn't justify the reward in D-I
why hello there ;)
Global firm seeks IP Trans Attny Specialist-NYC. Full-time contract exempt position. Send resume to Wendy Oliveras at .
I fear that which ever way this game goes, a shot of is in my immediate future... :/
got your wedding planned out ;)
Omg.! A rallys had an inside.
Reading/Berks county peeps, would you go to the center of the city to buy custom letter press items? or cool hand made clothes?
RT : maybe next year will host <- Lead speaker rec for
Hard to become a vegetarian with so many restaurants selling meat and none healthy food.
Did you know that we have some of the best Pizza in Chicago and tots. Yes tots!!
Just looked through my old swimming ribbons and remembered how much I fucking hated it
lowering my cholesterol
who is your current 1B?
Head over heels for you.
A bit of a frustrating day and yet, I love my job.
"Can we go back to Adele?" - Americans watching #grammys "dance party"
good one rev
its an awsome view got any pics
First day of BookPals! Reading to 1st and 4th graders this morning. Excited :)
just can't seem to wade through the to-do list
That's part of our problem - I need to blog expertise more and haven't for the last year.
A wise man's question contains half the answer. - Ibn Gabirol
well my nap was nice but I may have possibly slept through my dance class
#youthviolence If every house of worship committed to mentoring 6.7 kids, every kid would have a caring adult, the key to success
perhaps u misunderstood, while barely starting to mourn mom, dad died too,I did their in-home hospice care
Finish the lyric... "Turn it up make it louder..." :)
thanks for the checkin
#Broncos trade 87th pick and 120th pick to get 67th pick. They select RB Ronnie Hillman from San Diego State.
This is killing me....
this young man is ready to shine in your 2014 even Jhedayah juice Gibbs Marshall Academy NY true PG
whenever you come over and im home or when it drops next month
Hi everyone - Zay
You are welcome!
Just heard an #earth wind and fire tune great band
...gone, I waited on some other people. I started ringing up this woman who had a lot of items and the son came back and..
Fun Fact of the Day: Scientists have actually performed brain surgery on cockroaches!
. Narbacoa short rib, lentil spinach and purple potato vegan... And smiles
make a wish make a wish and say <3
but, also, why?
woh- just saw someone on the train with a disc man.
Thank you for follow. ~Mark
Are you online? I've signed onto AIM in the event you are :)
Your kidneys need to go somewere!! :( i miss you and hope your feeling better! Ill kick your little kidneys butt's if not!!
Didn't think I'd ever tweet "I forgot about Devotchka" but look. I just did.
It's going to be amazing once this database is up-to-date but updating it is making me go crazy.
March 15 deadline is approaching for many S corps to file their tax returns
I will wait by the side of the road. Like a hobo.
I get that about alcatraz. I find it hard to belive house could practice after the car thing.
remove and clean food filter trap then run some diluted chlorine in a sani cycle! Good luck!
Did anyone else want to be Kita from the Atlantis movie or was that just me
now thats funny
I will make sure I am there representing LB!
damn well we better kick it when you get back
Sometimes you just want too but the body is tired and worn out. :'(
Nebraska had thundersnow today. Rarity for sure.
U gotta lick it b4 u stick it!
Game #2 underway, with Steel Hurtin' topping Ithaca Sufferjets with an awesome lead: 176-21 with less than 2 minutes in the 1st half to go.
it sounds like one of them is a bitch
I have a new found love for silent movies and Buster Keaton. But mostly for Buster Keaton.
Earth Saver Bags wishes you an eco weekend and reminds you that there's a surprise in store for these winter holidays!
Having a conversation about learning with the Mid-Atlantic Catholic Schools Consortium in Baltimore MD.
Because you can't, you won't, and you don't stop.
Watching MJ movie... amazing how talented this man was!
I'm too hungry.
made it to the gym...hoping to keep my BS under even better control in 2012
RT : "A tree falls the way it leans, be careful which way you lean..." (The Lorax)
#tcea 2011 The Cloud Defined...still trying to get my brain around it :0/
I totally feel the same-_- de pings
DAMN GIRL. You better work! I love the peplum right now. It looks great.
lol u r crazy!!
Got my itinerary for my trip to Pakistan! 4 weeks with the navy and a month Pakistan, will be flying a lot this summer!
you're not tho?
CA Cities Top List of Most-Polluted in #ALA report, may significantly impact #health of residents.
Back n the studio, getn ready for a new juke cd.. Yeap still out here
make it better..!!
Jordan remember my money on Monday.
Sometimes I lay awake and think, even 16 months later simply reading your name or hearing your voice can make me fall to my knees.
so sad! pelican covered in oil :(
Turned a negative into an opportunity for an amazing first date! :)
At the peoples choice awards with Chloe ;D
I'm in so much pain!!! I'm icing my shoulder.
hey....let's play!!! I'm getting slow and fat. Chasing you around was good for me.
Walking LaHair to get to Soriano. Ladies and gentlemen, your 2012 Chicago Cubs!
FAT Niggas sleep outside for the New Jordans and they already be Leaning Over the Same Day!
Amazing Idea! We MUST put that together! Shall we have a talk this week?
Just set up some ukulele lessons. Now it really is the hockey-less summer!
I never go downtown...and people are really trying to convince me to go downtown this weekend...NATO weekend?
You're beautiful just the way you are...
RT : Chewing minty gum on an empty stomach <
If You Only Knew,that I think about you in a kind of secret way<U+2665>
Relate 100% of topic 2 their personal interest/goal. Wannabe baller kid? Do mock ESPN interview w/child on subject.
Oh damn, get some! GET SOME ;D Aha, we're cool (:
Sometimes are immediate reaction to something new is to protect ourselves....we should considering acting, not reacting.
I have the best memory in the world cuz I only remember things that are worth remembering. - Mr. 420
OVER 1000 ATTENDING !!!!!! Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19 <U+E662> @ CLUB DREAM 1435 SOUTH POWERLINE RD POMPANO BEACH FL |xxx10
That's amazing! We need more fans like you!! <3
I wanna go to, but have no one to go with!
RT : Are you a real person? RT : LBJ is selfish in every way except the one way we want him to be--with the ball.
They were horrible calls, but no one can react like that, intent or not.
Giving today here in #Carmel. Even without the movie and dinner pass giving blood is a good thing.
Let's get it Holly!!
Any burrito enthusiasts in #SF? Foodies? What should I eat? Already got a carnitas burrito at La Palma in the Mission...
Interesting Fact: was the second country artist featured in Popstar! magazine. the first.. Taylor Swift
#InMyCity Nobody ever sleeps,along w the city itself.
#allrelationshipsneed to have started off as good friends first.
Charlotte Gainsbourg is stunning and heartbreaking in "Melancholia"
Totally! The challenge will be the paws. Maybe keep those black? use the coupon code SHLOVE as you are checking out to save 15%
2 AM Elisheba calls it like it is.
Thanks for the follow :D
That sucks:( Hope you get better! Just really stressed about finals & last minute projects, but it'll be over with by Thursday:)
she's on NOW!!
When I go to a bar, I don't go looking for a girl who knows the capital of Maine.
I got a new dog, his name is Moose. (:
Home at last... Well got home last night but was too tired to say anything. I miss it. I wanna go back...
Go to the colleges or public sidewalks around colleges.
Hi bella i'm your bigges fan
This is a much bigger room than I expected.
Went to the dentist this morning, this is now the cleanest that my teeth will be for the next 6 months...
does bill get any royalties from it?~
Excited 4 today. Returning 2 Church this afternoon after suffering my 2nd stroke that left my right leg partially paralyzed a month ago.
Good morning Monday! I have Ariel hair. Be jealous.
chillin over my homeboy house on the WESTSIDE ATL
good luck! you do fine (: like you said, everyone is naked haha
Never said they were. But neither are the Knicks. Go Brooklyn Nets! HAHA
Nothing is impossible in life, we just gotta learn to never stop until it happens.
I hear a Rick Ross song and think of my bff INSTANTLY lol I miss her! :'(
#JonahHill has put a good amount of weight back on since filming
I WANT SUMBODY TO TWEET FOR ME
imm a loose cannon cop who doesnt play by the rules.
yummy i could eat one
Old Hoes Be On Dick Too... Lbs
Oh my, you're so pretty.
I live in Canton.
Gm, don't be an asshole, say it back
What a way to end the season! Thanks guys for an incredible month of baseball.
My life would be a lot more amazing if I modeled it after the lost boys movie......Or even the lost boys from hook.
not so much!
Happy New Year everyone! First NY in Los Angeles. Going to see what it is all about
do you have a private banquet room that could accommodate 20 people next Saturday (May 12th)?
I love your bio.
FINE!! I made an #Instagram. Same as my twitter
Thanks for the RT, gents. I'm glad you approve.
Pringles: Crack in a can
john statz and the polyglots
“: Realizing you're wrong but still arguing because you refuse to admit it..” I'm right again.
:) I won't "guess" anymore.
Clothing companies looking to set up an endorsement with Death of an Era, email:
all 4 of my SKC jerseys are large.
friends [frends] –noun. people who make you feel like you just saw them 7 minutes ago when you actually haven't see them for 7 years!
French fries+strawberry lemonade+mocha frappe,all from mcdonalds=bliss(to me that is)<333
just heard about you guys! Would love to get you on board!
Getting ready for the Budgeting and Financial Literacy Seminar presented by JU sponsor the Della Porta Group..Noon until 130 in DCOB 159!
All Independence Hall tickets distributed for the day. Fail on playing Philly tourist
How much does a consult and training plan cost from Coach Caleb, ? I figure this half ain't gonna run itself. DM or email, yo!
RIP Etta James, you were truly a legend.
A U.S. study in 2011 found that nearly half of parents with obese children believed their #weight was healthy.
People usually stop singing when you catch them doing it. But, I have noticed that people are not stopping.
yup yup -__-
Everyone in the Riverwest area north of Locust: your voting location is Fratney St. School.
Thanks to all of the leaders who participated in the 2012 #TAFP Interim Session. We appreciate your hard work! Goodnight and safe travels.
The difference between education & experience? Education is when u read the fine print; experience is what u get when you don't.
Impatient for my future.
have fun at the game!
Aww, love you too! Remember, Wandita, you WILL succeed. Doesn't feel like it now, but you will.
#Atlanta is the place for #karaoke and #spoken word on Thursday nights! (7p-10p) $3 OFF when you join us on FB and Twitter.
Hello I would like to invite you to follow us to receive help on your environmental due diligence!
you miss you hunnys?
thanks and what do you mean?
Thank you heavenly Father, for everything that you are & all that you have blessed me with!!!
thx! Ditto! What r u reading?
I love when chinese people are doing my nails there so adorable and funny(:
Thanks for the kind words, Food Dude!
“: nope, thats not how this works. you tweet back when tweeted to missy” she's right^
Jamming to avant
Shit I have two huge tests tomorrow..... and I need to shower still
#WhatWouldMaidaDo.... with this beautiful weather?! IMPROVE OUTSIDE EVERYONE!
Regret is what you get when you let your emotions taking over your decisions.
Thx for the shout out!
#Obama: "Look at that guy. Now back to me. Now look at that other guy. Now back to me. I killed Osama, let's talk bout that again."
Beautiful day in Portland looking to buy some boats today!! Who's got one they want to sell?
You are an avid reader, who is your favorite author? I saw your blog, are you still in film making?
Today I'm grateful for my cuddly kitties :-) such good pals!
Nice to see your friendly face when I checked in!
Oh cool, my eyes are watering so much from my allergies it looks like I'm crying.
#ThingsIHearEveryday wake up!
SHOUTOUT TO FOR THROWIN MY VIDEO ON DA SITE!! GO CHECK IT OUT FOLLOWERS...ND LEAVE COMMENTS ND TWEET SHOW SUM LUV...
I love life ma nigga
yeah I noticed that, too
Thanks for spreading the word bro!! <33
#DefOfEarning$$$ Knew rich man that made money hard way during prohibition - fought off revenuers & rivals. Had lots of scars 4 proof!
Doc Rivers feeling crunchy ..
ok bet thanks for the look
They're watching Take Shelter on the season finale of The Good Wife. Yet another ominous sign in an episode slopping over with foreboding.
Pretty sure I killed my senior project, headed to Savannah with
“: “: #WeLoveLilKim, I thought April Fools was the 1st.”” lmfaooooood !
In school I look weird when I fangirl.
OMG!!! They are saying no side effects...hm??
I'm a loser. :P
I have to pe! May I use your bathroom?
yep! Password change coming!
lol shut up Brandon
Greetings. Much more to tell you about Las Vegas. Maybe #raffel and will add some color. sounds great.
On the way to Chicago >>>
Hate when I buy things and I pay for it with change and the cashier gives you a dirty look :/
last straw. I'm moving my uterus to Maryland.
I might just have a me relax day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
That is indeed a shame. It prob doesn't help, but both sides often feel that way.
Cult might have you at the edge of your remote.
Wish I was home with the wife.
[very hip Wale video, featuring DC colleges and universities] - "If that's not gonna motivate people to give, what will?"
Looking at the #NMLSA/AMLE Conference sessions and getting excited. Is anyone going/presenting?
I'll try
can you put away crawfish?
:) RT Lol done and done :-) we need more of u anyways :-) Lol
RT : Watching 4th And Forever... I'm Liking This Show So Far. It's Real.
For those of you who love to spin that old hi-fi disc at home... well, the vinyl version of "Black Rabbit" is on it's way. ~peace
iz nice to see a happy ending fer a shelter pup!
once school is done, my darlin!
yummy :) awesome lunch girl!
That would be awesome!!!!! :)
RT : Rush Limbaugh has a mean & puerile sense of humor, but does have one. Hannity is just angry.| And not very bright too.
Of course! Still in love with your electronics?? some things never change...
heading in to roast today for the show Friday, get pumped for good coffee and good music!!
Awesome. Thanks! Hope you enjoy it.
congrats on by the way... exciting!
The manipulators have been able to get a handle on the market, but they are having a wild ride.
I hate the last mins for me to get off. It is so Damn long!!!
I'll be live on the air from 11:30-noon EST today on WGRC radio on their show "The Matter at Hand" with my book - listen in!
RT : I think what makes u great is the team dat u surround urself ,they keep me so motivated 2do so much better everyday..
its Friday baby!!!
Youk grand slam....
1) I am swayed by ideas that may or may not be different; 2) I've just heard the boss' boss talk about it, but it sounds (1/2)
who would you want from this game on the wizards next year
Be quiet katherine
okay I will. But if you know your not going to like it why do you listen to it lol
That moment when his ex coments on something about u to talk to him --
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.
Carpool lane on 520 wide open yet ambulance insists on using regular lane screwing up traffic.
done & thank you!
I feel better about myself when I don't look at my portfolio online & think about paychecks. Just get really high & smell the cash in hand
#garageSaleHijinks $1 each. "The Stranger" is a solid album. Only way it could be better is if the Sinatra was "In The Wee Small Hours"
it's okay I don't have my own computer. My parents one is shut down now.
Have to come up with $4000 to fix my car......
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BEST FRIEND EVER, !!! WISH I WAS SPENDING THE DAY WITH YOU!!!
When If You Go Away was released in 1992, it was uncredited. When radio stations inquired about the artist, they were told it was______?
Out of the pool and back courtside for the Michigan St. vs. Chaminade game. If MSU doesn't win by 35 I'll be surprised.
Do employees at #Staples earn a living wage? NO! But #Bain made 80% profit. That's not magic, it's
It's National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day? Like I needed an excuse.
follow back? :)
Boxer Dogs: 10 Items air max You could Not Learn about Them ...
gallo jersey tshirt on, and i
Sure! What's the topic? Send me an email and we can discuss :)
just got back tonight. A ton of fun! Pictures slowly coming in on FB...
#np Sunday Kind of Love
Im tired I hate skol fuck
Hey st dept, (20th and va ave nw). Come shuttle some pollo Jamaica into your mouth strapped to the back of a fresh corn tortilla.
We need to be more cognizant of the openness of the web and the impact on our individual brand/identity from
they ate so comphortable wore mine every day since I got em
I think i did enough work, night peeps
haha! Do you guys like my new bio? ;P haha! :]
Eastern Pennsylvania, 9:50am. 87 degrees. Just like DC without any bookstores (bye, bye, Borders)...
bitches be trippin'
It's a great tackle by Collin. If he gets more of the ball there is no question. Still gotta give Oduro credit for selling it
I like coffee, but not enough to deal with a coffeemaker full of mold.
Dodgers scored in 8th... what a slow game
#BBW I agree 100%! Notice she don't f**k with Tami ghetto a** anymore!
RT Marketing a new yellow beverage called "Mountain Depardew." (wish I'd thought of that)
---> Visit the booth next week at the CPAC Convention in Washington DC! Remember - SARAH PALIN speaks on Saturday.
You are!? Text me 310.439.8414 RT : coming to LA at the end of March. Get excited.
You're very welcome! Have a wonderful day. Just winding down the evening here.
2Nite on CN|2 Sports: tried to get Hologram 2Pac but settling for instead. We'll talk UL spring game, BlueGrass Stakes, Pitino
I got in a few tweets like that.
I looked at all my tiny closets last night. My conclusion? Absolutely no way!!
I'm really glad you had a great trip, and I'm glad I was able to be a good hostess/tour guide. You're welcome back anytime!
impromptu mtg in DC. I reached out to Angela. Just double-checking.
Tweeting from my car? Yes I thing so! To the concert!
To some Android users: find Playd on the marketplace by typing: "Playd" working on a fix for that with Google
It's just too much to handle right now. I'm going to bed early before I make things worse.
RT : RT : Leaving the toilet seat up more of a threat to my marriage than Same Sex Marriage.
Love YOU!!
Anna Paquin is pregnant! Now Sooki and Snooki are both expecting! Lol
July perhaps?
I love how Emma Stone describes her dresses at awards shows. "Well, it's fuchsia. And it has a big bow."
3 taken to hospital after high-speed accident in Lunenburg
Pretty good prediction! I hope you brought your goggles!
y'all should and maybe a few others. If its what I'm thinking, they cut her off pretty quickly?
An antiquated data center is a true business hazard.
Our pleasure! Glad it worked out! RT : Spoke to Debbie this morning. Terrific lady! Thanks for helping me out!
Jutowa! because I am a dwarf
Today is My Best Friend's Wedding. Literally.
Im talking certified on leave crazies..this lady/man I dont know...moved from one computer to the next to sit by me...You dont know me crazy
good luck even thoe u and the boys dont need it
yes I did follow
#IfIWereAPet I'd sleep easier in November!!
my mom just pisses me off!!
#sacscoc There is LOTS of data available for mining, even outside the student information system.
yikes...sorry if i've been spamming erryone!!
Oh hey, that's by where I live.
just sent an hour watchin onn you-tube.... can you tell i love him? :) <3
Wonderful, Wonderful weekend to all- safe and sunny! AND, a kosher, delicious #Shabbat #Shalom to our Jewish friends throughout the world.
Missouri Republican lawmaker announces he is gay
At the jail doing a bail.# uno bail man in LA!
I seen big luscious in your mentions y'all eating them junts together!
why is it that I can never fall asleep? Any recommendations?
It isn't the mountains ahead to climb that wear you out, it's the pebble in your shoe
for an ESPN Boston "why they run" feature I'm working on. Shoot me a message if you're up for it. Thanks a lot in advance!
been there done that.. He was a real winner.. However.. Taken. Lmao
Not that we have room...but I'd totally love to have a nice stereo rig with a swank turntable.
you guys got some coo stuff. keep it up.
you'll get where you're trying to go bruh. congrats on the book. congrats on thriving and surviving.
Food need to hurry up
Still a SLIGHT RISK for SEVERE WEATHER around Central Ohio - if storms pop, they could be strong to severe. Stay alert and stay safe!
TEN penalties in one half? When did the Niners become the Raiders?
Scholars maintained the translations were lost years ago.
nailed it. obsessed.
Making excel my bitch using the Match function. Yay, data normalization. o_0
Very proud of our board member, for her preso on social media for business at
****straight up sexy g.
Timeflies Tuesday: Call Me Maybe: via
Although I just realized I am completely lacking in ping pong balls and steins. Damnit.
love you!!
come to ohio ill be on your show
"If I'll take care of me for me, and you'll take care of you for you NOW we bring value to the friendship"
RT : It does my #wonk soul proud to see so many people interested in debating honest graphing technique
I have no doubt you will find all those things while you're here ;)
hey joe js bitch follow back ;)
That scary moment when your violin teacher is paying more attention to the performer on the radio than the road.
Good night guys :)
Nice back to back lefty v lefty at bats by and Eric Hinske.
And my personal life lately is very parochial. But I don't mind. Work global, play local.
I have so much love and knowledge and no one to listen. Love u
Good morning twitter follow me n I will follow back :)
It's an important conversation to keep having. Seems = the latest reminder that hey we're still *the* market
missing bobby pins in this world
You cheated. Pirate
": Houston defenders def urban DFW elite 41-40.". Next up: Ark Hawks in semis
The NFL & hazmat officials are urging Steelers fans to leave their towels at home, or better yet, in the garbage can. www.thePackerPage.com
Oh ! You're just jealous you didn't think of it sooner! Don't fret, you're continuing the stereotype of stick-up-the-ass! x0x0x
I love you :)
Listen for God's voice in everything you do, everywhere you go, he's the one who will keep you on track. - solomon
no excuses. Play like a champion!!
we're glad you found us and thanks for sharing!
pondering... "a good idea is like a wheelbarrow; it will go nowhere unless you push it." ~ J. Jacobson
My amazing friends are playing at Pig&Whistle tonight 10PM. If you're lucky, you might get a possible guest appearance by yours truly.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : I didn't even know Chris bosh liked women
Cleaning out your closet can be beneficial. Just found a $20 Dominos GC from 2010.....
eflorida Innovation Monthly Newsletter - August 2010
Today's #Tech Tip: Feature one of your top fans in your email newsletter. Don't talk about yourself all the time.
What do you wish you hac
Constantly seeing Will Smith parody account retweets on my TL. I'd delete them if they didn't my balls tickle
you gotta train him as your prodigee
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them
"Slaughter is racing's way of disposing of horses without retiring them." Jo Anne Normile~founder, CANTER
FACE IT HATERS. Beliebers are such a powerful fanbase, you can't get through us. #iloveBieberbecause he's my INSPIRATION.
#whatyouwant is to do it and do it good cause nobody what's to redo you mess ups
RT : Thanks to everyone for a killer #d2l11 - so jazzed to get back home and bang out some more great stuff (via )
spring brings out the crazy:)
I think someone's better half has been having her way with your iPod.
Building a playset takes a long time, I'm 8 hours in and still have about 4 more to go but the kids are gonna flip out when they see it!
RT : RT : RT : The most attractive thing to me is if you can make me laugh.
I need sleep
Is it strange to clap at televised singing competitions?
didn't realize how close my birthday was . Being 20 really is just another breath i thank god for
I have bookmarked your site. Looking to do more local things.
Love love love #whodoyouthinkyouare. So glad it popped up on my DVR.
Nikita seems to be doing better this morning! I layed with her all night, maybe that helped :) So relieved my baby is back!!!
Thanks Partner at Structural Engineering Group, exciting year ahead!
Thanks to all who came to our show last night!
I am currently out of the office at a job interview and will reply to you if I fail to get the position. Please be prepared for my mood.
you got it now share the love :)
Still aint right
my kinda philosophy
Your welcome (:
<-- #NF! #TeamFollowBack! Sounds like a girl I could get along with!
I must be sick, 'cause I've ordered delivery from Zifty and am watching the Shat on CBS.
Thats awesome, we LOVE organic foods
Thank you CharliAnn Olney, Kylie Johnstone, and Gail Harris for liking Printed Silk Fabrics!
so far I have predicted the winners of 3/4 matches from tonight
thanks for RT!
Love and loyalty doesn't make excuses, they make it happen.
Happy early birthday bro, enjoy it!
missed your animal self this weekend. You can make it up to me after your million day up north vaca!
I use #Hairspray to kill bugs in the house.
Its said that bad memories cause the most pain, but actually it's the good ones that drive you insane
Hey Greyson love ur song waiting outside the lines
LOL! If you only know that I LIVE to make the monkey blush...it's my job, and I'm extremely good at it...:)
A fatwa on any form of this coupling: Beautiful Disaster, Happy Tragedy, Lovely Death, etc. It's not poetic, deep or clever. It's LAME.
Thank you, everyone, for your "break a leg" messages for today's show! Means a lot to me! :) Have a great day, guys!
I keep running into you, but we still haven't scheduled lunch! Let's do it ASAP! :)
Yep, agreed.
what happen tell me cuz i didnt follow them plzzzz tell me !!:)
it was nice seeing on Friday !(:
Is it bad that I'd rather watch the Barcelona game on tv instead of Obama speaking at my school in person?
can any of you talk to me
If you require people to do one of those a 2-step verifications before you will accept their email in your inbox, you = douche
Next up: Speaking NAKED: Stripping Away the Barriers of Effective Public Speaking. No, I will not get naked..don't worry.
oh nice to know
Did You Graduate From Link Building High School Yet?
Hey Guys! A little more than a month before Shooting Robert King's release date! Pre-order your copy from Amazon today!
Very interesting crowed sourcing superbowl TV commercial reviews live time, watch commercial then Twitter
Final four for mens Lax, Loyola, UVA, Colgate, Hopkins. would love to say terps but dunno if you beat hopkins twice in a year
I can't believe it school is closed tomorrow well at least for me I am so happy :)
#SCREAMS They coming out with The Fast and Furious 6 on May 24, 2013. Oh yeah! Can't wait...
yeah ...ALREADY REPPIN!!
We are still looking to partner with non-profits to receive proceeds from our on going cause marketing campaign. Open to suggestions!
lol my bad I forgot.
Where & how can Asian consumers living in the U.S. find & purchase whitening products?
Me to and who knows they can make the tag team division more interesting again.
ok, thanks.
I followed u :)
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas baby! !
MINE TOO!!!!! ;) ;) " Favorite hobby: shitting #lesbihonest"
RT : Concerning the new AZ law, if your not in the country illegally, you have nothing to worry about.
I hear you. lol
if there was something higher than goddess she would be it!
We are setting up for the National Assc. Broadcasters show in Vegas, it is going to be an exciting show , energy is high and look is great
Did you see Sean Marshall might close for the Reds?
no way!! Lol I wanna see how everyone used to look! I can't even imagine you though:p
Fantastic tweet!
Um ok... That was awkward. I dont get the meaning of the song..
Byxbee takes it all the way to the warning track but ball is caught to end an incredible rally. GT wins 6-4, final score
#NP Hey Mama
Everyone in this class scares me
Be thankful you we're able to see the new year... R.I.P all the fallen soldiers ! <U+2665>
what does smh mean????
Nice Pitch old man!!!
I think you will have to. You think of the NBA like it's 1 on 1 or at the playground, team ball matters. That's why Dallas won
wayne got direct tv lol
Yeah....I take that back, music is my favorite sound. :D
how is your day so far?? :)
this was great.... good lord. thanks for sharing.
Proud owner of a 2010 Jeep Patriot now. :)
"Cee Lo always looks like a nutcase... What the frick is on his teeth? Frickin' freak."- Ma mere while watching the Voice
lol im done, go be with your other "bitches" !
maybe tommarow im just too mad to laugh at it right now...
are you trying to gain or lose?
James Fucking Harden
showed my dad "Fuck me baby" and he digs it lol.
After an intense back and forth battle, Rob PcPherson defeated Rickie McCartney via arm bar submission at 2:17 of Round Two.
New acronym for this.. TTGT..
nobody's watching anyway
Got some gas...... This shit is good. Get at me if you in the Dec....
Is writing on mattresses the new thing...or what
It is about 1pm time for lunch and enriched coffee comforting, to be working at home and not at my J.O.B
19 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
UGH I have to do that real soon too.. NOT looking forward to it.
The biggest mistake a girl can make is thinking that the guy who broke her heart once won’t do it again
Do you have a baby?!?!?
if o is Bambi it's Bambi with claws that enjoys belittling others, nasty reviews, dismissiveness, and denigration
thanks so much!! And good luck with okcupid! We're rooting for you!
what about a in the ? there are so many beautiful (and empty) spaces that they could use.
I may be young but I'm ready <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Lust control tomorrow night with the brigade
Meeting Gifts can say a lot. Say it through seeds. Give as a way to support sustainable policies.
“: the mets r amazing this year so far baby!!!!!" not for long Terd
#np The Complete Birth of Cool
Are You And Bella Thorne DATEING ALSO I LOVE NO ORDINARY FAMILY I Watched The Whole First Season
Watching"From Paris With Love" hell of a action movie
no Problem! :)
Only a week or so left till spring ball
Thanks For Liking Our Vid! :)
go for it.
Biting in the Stanley Cup, seriously?
I thought volunteering was going to be fun. Instead I'm in an office by myself organizing papers.
Boiling Crab again?!?
That's the best thing you could come up with?
Happy Birthday Jon Bon Jovi! I will be rocking out to Living on a prayer all day.
please do. Thanks Kevin!
next time we are sharing a car! how's yours holding up?
Good Morning (:
I want to sing to someone
Can we get a #ff? We'll retweet you
Don't get married. Find a woman you hate and buy her a house. It's a lot easier on you.
it's awesome! : love #gameofthrones!
Well, it's only Tuesday AM and you have a lot of air time left this week, so you should hire a helper monkey.
: What ends with the letter E, and has thousands of letters in it?? 'Post Office'
Trying my best... no need to try harder now, no giving up :}
First remove the SQUIRREL !!!
Here is Poised Creation's link to all the major music industry news! goo.gl/8pGIe
Good morning, corset!
Getting a pedicure>>>
Seriously the margarita ever. DC why can't you do Mexican right? This how I know I've spent too much time Tejas.
just what I was looking for today... thanks!
Give me sum Dim Sum w/
MY favorite iconic boy is Vinny because he is adorable! Im 12 :) He seems sweet I love his eyes and his smile
um that's so cool. How did you create such magic
How the heck are you man, been awhile.
How is everyone's post-paddys hangover?
wading through my e-mails is a nightmare
Creativity is a fickle bitch. I can struggle with a problem for days, then have the right answer just appear, fully formed, out of the blue.
BRGO LOOKING TO BOUNCE, RSI WAY OVERSOLD, 12M FLOAT!!!!
what's wrong? :|
Oh, that's easy then. I should be there when you are, I hope.
RT : Human Resources Goes Social! 27 Key Social Media Practices bit.ly/ufYG6W via
that's awesome dude! thanks for giving us a chance :)
Doing some metadata transformation this morning. DC to MARCXML to MARC (ETDs), thanks to MarcEdit! Fun.
Haha no doubt about it
And blah, blah, blah, never had a chance of even getting to the Senate Floor.
Good friends are like hot chocolate on a winter's night. Gives you that warm, cozy feeling. Better if the friends bring little marshmallows.
I absolutely love , I think I'm 19 going on 40.
UDSIS will be offline for scheduled maintenance tomorrow morning and early afternoon
You dont miss me, you just miss the attention l used to give you
u come over to my house yo sabrina ameria rayana janie the other katerra dymand and some other girl i dont know came 2 my crib
Sem G: Delorenzo: history of s/c tech services: format to functional to team-based approaches
Gerbil - 4 Gerbils - Small - Adult - Male - Small amp FurryConcord- gerbils for sale
the boat party
damn, first and now you moving on, this sucks badly.
#webwise DATA one: data sharing is inhibited by researchers' need to maintain data ownership to get tenure
I am an As Seen on TV addict. Wanted: My Pillow ( ); Gyro bowl; My bday is in June, just in case u need ideas!
Ariel tweet will
#JeffsRedHots off Cicero in Chicago good late food- cheese Polish and cheese fries complete with fork. I'm a foodie, but not fancy-picky.
my dad is walkin around da house in briefs...need i say #more :/
I think he said that bc my hair looks wild today. Ha
I read in Variety today that Samantha Barks replaced Taylor Swift in Les Miz! your girl got the boot! :(
#YouKnowYouBrokeWhen You Can't buy a bagle at the bodega
RT : Another grant app. completed & sent for #OpOliver fingers crossed, let's pay for some plants!!
Stretch Marks..
You are a sick man with an elephant-like memory.
No Taylor Lockwood get better please
the question is who sought who? My guess is #nbc sought sarah
Peace, Love and Nyquil!
Happy National Bieber Day !(: So i cannot believe hes 18.! i remember backk in 2009 when i first started beliebing (: haha
Keep Fighting Ladies!!!!! “: #23 Gamble makes it 64-70 with 25.9 Seconds left to play, Shaw leading”
Thanks so much. c:
Is at CRS (Country Radio Seminar) in Nash-Vegas
School starts in 5 minutes and there is no possible way I'm gonna make it on time
Dats how we do it in Dallas baby:-) go MAVS
EAV <3 you! RT Just a reminder that we REALLY appreciate your business over the past year :) Without you we couldn't do this thing
Congrats 2 my man who performs on Conan this Thursday
That stupid light always shines RIGHT in my eyes.
me too, but I'm not taking any chances. Will help Obama's campaign any way I can.
That should be me Holdin' your hand, that should be me makin' you laugh! that song is way cute;) notice me.
Huh? NOT what I'm told! HA! (just kidding!) =D RT Now let's not get personal. I'm NOT nuts! ;-)
West looks to the East for growth as Islamic finance comes centre stage
No school for me
Luis Suarez is absolutely brilliant, has made Terry look like a fool twice inside 20 mins
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms. On behalf of kids everywhere, I'm sorry for the hell you went through to push us out that slip 'n slide.
you know you churchy if you still bangin the Kirk Franklin and GP revaluation album in your car.
It's not letting me upload my video?! ;(
Omg I cant stop laughing.
like me on facebook
New jack city cancel that bitch neno
Who saw #HIMYM last night?! Crazy!!!
So the month of january is over have you established a 2011 championship game plan?
lemon tree is a bomb track I remembered when it dropped a few years ago :) still a dance floor killer
Team GRONKED baby!
so does the other thing...
And MW thru partnership w/ CBS Sports Net RT army-navy done a great deal through TV partnerships w CBS to get those games on
What makes good font - easy to read, attention to detail, yet subtle in its detail, well balanced, consistent
haha really?!?! They seem so innocent!!! Never mind then! Haha
"Our government rests in public opinion. Whoever can change public opinion can change the government." Abraham Lincoln, Dec 10, 1856.
We want to wish all of our Fans a Happy Valentine's Day today. What fun activities do you have setup with your loved ones?
Oh god. I Haven't listened to 'Still Got Legs' in ages, so I forgot how many Regenerating!Ten feels it creates. The Doctor is Dying oh GOD
Shake off the cold with a hot bowl of Pozole! New!! Sopa De Pozole Chicken and hominy in a poblano broth....
Like super heroes. Never one around when you need one. There's no Costco in Louisiana.
you're already playing at sprawling hills pond on at (game 8) (dka-0k)
Thank you so much! And I love yours too ;) :')
So jealous!!! Have fun!
i love this weather... the only thing that sucks is the fact that my knee hurts so much!!
Trying to relax a little watching #American Idol after a few rollercoaster days! Hollie Cavanagh singing this Bonnie Raitt song beautifully!
Freud's legacy is not science and certainly not a wholesome view of life....
Welcome to all returning and new EKU Students! Classes start today and the campus is filled with excitement!
I need a new job!!
unfollow all that do not follow me so if you were un-followed you know why.....
when do you consider a switch with jansen
like your thinking!
spend it cause I got it
Night loves (:
Class is off the chain right about now!!
i gt u..dnt strt yo day wit stress.
If Suggs makes it back by mid season, he's the toughest son of a bitch in the league.
Dude was good #ashes to
I need a phone.. :c
that's what I'm talking about!
i was reading it through my rss reader. It doesn't look like its available on the site at present.
Woo hoo! Excited to be getting a sketch done by ! Now to pick a photo!
Have you ever thought about how your words, or lack there of, have an impact on others?
Bleh! That is one mean looking stack of flashcards. Never again. Glad you found us, time to
And here all along I'd unfairly thought Conan was imagining the cheeseburger-stuffed pizza...
We're having such a fun ride right now! Thank you to all of our fans & friends...you make it happen!
na man you're pretty good man, if a girl doesn't want to be with you, that's her loss.
Congrats, dude!
Finally on the road headed to NY
:D and you're an awesome #Angel!!<3
after 35 could testosterone replacement be the key to restore energy levels ,and get weightloss results ,and muscle gains ?
I plan on it. Thanks! RT pretty easy to see that you'll do a great job there.
The solar flare could disrupt your life this morning! Find out how coming up on the !
I currently want to drink everything and anything from a Mint Julep cup
From a listener: "Love your sweet tunes. I'm from PA but have been living and teaching in Beijing China almost 4 years now." Hello Beijing!
DC Beagles welcomes the new group
RT : Celebrate those in uniform on Sat., May 19 at the #Cleveland International Tattoo. Tickets on sale now...
or hover over Inbox on the left sidebar and your dropdown menu should give you those options as well
I'm glad you liked it but I'm pretty sure you are one of those rarities that sees distinctions that most don't
Slept horrible last night, then traffic was jacked on Bel Air b/c of accident, then realized my packed lunch is at home while I'm not. Ugh.
Y.E.S. hahahahaha!
I'd rather be scheduling the apocalypse.
Fact is that water points tracked remotely do not tell the story. Real story reveals most water pumps don't work.
Splendid story telling, charming and clever.
Trying out this new trx training class this evening.
P.S. Congrats on hiring Ryan Duguid! You guys are so fortunate to have him!
Just ran into my old customer who paid for my boobs three years ago!
Spilled my coffee 2x in 2 days
Annoyed want to go home!!!
thanks for the follow
Those crepes can't take away your fabulousness! Can't wait to hear all about #cunamms12. Sounds like folks are learning lots!
"Do not feign affection. Neither be cynical about love; for in the face of all aridity and disenchantment it is as perennial as the grass."
"Middle-Aged White Tennis Mom" sitting w/ ur 4 year old daughter, I don't think ur NWA ringtone quite fits w/ ur current Lifestyle
Taking off from Buffalo, NY today on a road trip across America. Will be stylin in a BMW through Saturday!
were goin to hot shots in a lil bit!! Mehhhh
Honestly, this day can only get better.
Well bummer, I just downloaded Instagram for my horrible droid and know I am sure that FB is going to destroy Instagram.
I've been calling it the Lil' D - This is the worst economy my generation has ever experienced. Other names out there? #Whatsinaname?
This shit is so hard to follow along with
Coffee is the most recognized smell in the world.
just keeping the boss and the 10th floor happy.
What do you all think of Radiohead's The King of Limbs??
I like the fact that you got jealous when I hugged another guy. Shows that you do care about me :)
Just gorgeous!! Wow!
Review of LOLA AND THE BOY NEXT DOOR coming tonight! (Hopefully!)
Your boss won't say you didn't get that promotion because you don't have a professional image. But if you don't...
I want to thank for shedding lite on the new NCAA Eligibility Standards. COACHES/PLAYERS U GOT to learn the new rules for 2015
Paging & RT If you want a good laugh, check out gerard depardieu on today.
Why is life so frustrating???
i wanna be a baseball girlfriend. </3
--> how bout libras with a virgo cusp ;)
"People who smoke cigarettes make no sense to me" FTFY
Isaza: Courts are looking to see that you are following your policy.
I want to have a good dream tonight
Yuck school tomorrow I am ready for summer break
so when do we get to hear the big news? Does it have to do with New York? ;)
who else thinks that the first round needs to be a five game series.
hey justin!;);) can you pls tweet me bak plsplspls;) it wud b so amazing
nicee tits boo
What is your biggest marketing challenge?
[To be a leader] One has to have courage... to be able to suffer blows... to feel the pulse of the country says
Late Night Happy Hour starts at 10pm, $5 Drafts. Burger optional - but pretty unresistable.
The only reason to keep cheese refrigerated is to inhibit the growth of mold.
can you send me an invite to google plus? Since I am your biggest fan in the world. Lol lol lol !!!
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
When we get to 100 followers we will release more free download codes!
just asked me to have babies with her o.O
I just watched your TED talk, we couldn't agree more with your approach to building a company around the "why"!
Me and had a great live production at I look forward to hearing the songs she got to them
Today I decided to be a politician an flip flop. I am now officially a member of #teamtebow till next Saturday.
what's the score 8-1?
Love it!
glad to see you're hitting the ground running!
yupp! I was planning on going next weekend if nothing comes up. I'm already nervous! Lol
lol. Naw I reheat them on the stove. (Put them in grease).
Waiting for the Metro at L'Enfant. Literally like 9 yellow trains have gone by. Still waiting on a green...
lifting up your dad tonight-great man and beautiful family
The Beetle commercial certainly took a random turn
Current transcription:Chris Potter playing Boogie Stop Shuffle.
March Madness #contest! Let's Go ____ Let's Go!, I got #Kansas defeating
Was Hacked so don't open any messages from Twitter from me. Should be fixed now.
Studying has led to the demise of my social media usage. Jury is still out if it's a good thing or a bad thing.
"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind." - Dr Seuss // Happy Birthday!
you'll understand one day Mckibban. It may be no fun now, but some day you'll understand.
RT : Swings so tough that Firemen can’t even cut it!: You may have heard that a man got stuck in a bucket swing the o......
Thanks for the support!
Just had one of those sandwich experiences where you're sorry to take the last bite - delish!
Good Morning lovely people! Go out, be productive, & make it a great day!
unicorns aren't mythical creaters , the horses dress up in lanshark costumes . ~
Barclays Looks At The Impact Of Government Austerity On Several Big Firms (DELL, NTAP, TECD, HPQ) via
is Bringin' back that Easters feel
word bro!, yea hit me up need to check it out
we like dirty!
#BallDay is turning into #waiting day. The guy in the room next to me has a UTI. Poor bastard. (thin walls)
Follow The Statue! also
good morning...hope you had a good night sleep....and sex!
Thank you, Sharon! All the best to you and John in 2012!
For the next 70 days all of the studio's proceeds from sales in our music download store will go to haitian musicians. Support haiti's music
my house needs weeded too, come on over!! ;)
They're every in the U.S too.
That is sad how Newt had to pass like that! Unfortunate that heideck has better coverage than
We're so close.
All fans of comic books, pop culture, and should see "Comic Con Episode IV: A Fan's Hope". A fun new Morgan Spurlock docu.
lmfaoo! dn't i knoww it! i brought ur manicure 2 go set w. me in2 the city.. i'll get it to u when u meet up w. me 4 dinner :)
Fml going to clean my room then do nothing :( I can't wait till Gabbie gets here!!!
Thanks! What a great event! RT : You both look great in pink!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Steven Hickman °Rising 9th °San Diego, CA °Travel Team: Solana Beach Cats °Point Guard 5’9
Kentucky men's basketball has a 47-3 record in their last 50 games, tied for the best 50-game record in school history.
Yep. I'm also shocked how many don't know any other company besides Chegg. Shop around for that rental and some some $$$.
Enter the following into the TM profile: doc code, name of the doc & the client, matter or contact. TimeMatters saves the file correctly.
In memory of Whitney Houston, listen to playlist on my MySpace profile. -- C J --
Dear library people: would the use of social media in libraries be considered more of a public service or tech service topic?
killn it at the Kennedy WHOOP!
josh hamilton home run
Follow #TEAMFOLLOWBACK she promos to over 90k
99% people feel uncomfortable when the tv volume is an odd number
I agree with & You should do #cpd23. I have two things left from last time that I'm determined to finish!
o thx that sucks I was there last week!!and I saw people with the sweaters and t-shirts of that but I couldn't find it!
Joseph Sanchez: lack of first sale + huge licensing costs = no library collection. CHILLING.
Come join us for a Cinco de Mayo extravaganza May4th-6th in Old Town full of yummy food, fun activities & plenty of shopping!...
Morning smothers and blisters! What's new and exciting in horror today? -V
Man like just be honest.. I'm a grown ass man.. my feelings won't be hurt lol
www.DatingChicagoland.com launches in 5 days--Go there now to enter your e-mail address to be notified when the site goes live!
In HighSchool You Was The Man Homie !
Perry - picked after a loooonnng pause by TT
- Thanks for the RT. I play Hold'em, too (on occasion), but I doubt I'm in the league of a software-developing Wyoming gal.
Ex secret service agents needed to train people on how not to do stupid stuff like not paying the puta her $25. Can u say stupid johns!
Yeeeeeessssss!!!! #gocaps #caps -- people are chanting lets go caps
My grandmas wrinkles be nasty, i be like damn i know she looks in the mirror, and thinks wat happened!
haha I fucking feel you ! Screw valentines day bro.
Going to enjoy the last day as the #Packers being defending #superbowl champions by watching the replay of XLV.
Sign in
hmm probably yours haha. mine's pretty lame
my brother go on my computer it looks like while i was study for a class in brookedale college i come down stairs and i see him on it.
just wanted to tell u your pic is fire<U+E11D><U+E418>
Hello - new friend from
Excited for the arrival of my new grill tomorrow!
The Hollywood Ramada tiki bar has the best Orange Crush cocktails in town!
that's why you beat your kids with a belt, BEAT YOUR KIDS, OLD BLIBICAL STYLE BABY, YEAH!!
Homeowners typically take only three baths per year, so you may want to consider getting rid of your tub and only installing a shower.
Well it's rained for three days. Lucky bastards.
How you going to be a douche to me then ask why I have a attitude? #YouDumb?
Falling in love is easy. But staying in love? That's the challenge.
Remember when No Air was massive!? Poor Jordin Sparks. Jump back in the success swimmin pool! Adele, Britney, Gaga, Katy will move over alil
What's good in the ATL my friend did you score me any NYE dates?
Fernanda Andrade is body odor in this film.
Our new seasonal menu starts today! Enjoy fresh, seasonal renditions on our appetizers & entrees. And try our new featured wine pairings!
you know that they sell gum at the movie theater right
i just became 's first instagram follower
Geek Pub Quiz: After food, starch is used in what worlds thin products?
I just got tickets to the matinee of #OneManTwoGuvnors on Dec 27th, excited to be seeing you in action after all these years!
Happiness is buying a treasure trove of tools at a garage sale! :)
Social apps are inappropriate when you don't want audiences collaborating. Example: suppliers (for some brands).
on my way to my housie house :-)
My mom writes me: "What a wonderful person you ate."
plans for later??? Lowell National Historical Park is open, stop by it's fee free @ Boott Cotton Mills Museum”
The Playstation is having a dinner for local teachers. U helped us get the word out before. Do u have a contact I can try?
can't remember if i said thanks, but thanks.
Clarification: Soup is GOOD food.
Off to santa fe to do a little flyering. Gotta be back by 3!
Compose new Tweet...
what are you doing tonight?
Yay celtics <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080> Nope I hope lakers lose c: & clippers win tomorrow! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
“..be strong & courageous! Do not be afraid or discouraged. For the LORD your God is with you wherever u go”
Hey Mama I wanna fuck Your Son<3
did you see new video?! you'll love it!
Trenton, NJ opens "Buildings with Books" that aren't technically libraries. Hilarity does not ensue. Via
I'm sold. We can all get matching tats in Philly after ARST.
can we help with something?
<U+200E>#2012WishList 2) All the new rapping ass nikka's catch strep throat....(no i don't wanna buy ur CD)
Happy Easter everyone!
Put the sketch and improv muscles to use today with an audition for Nickelodeon's iCarly.
Today is a historical day for two ships that were built in Philadelphia by Delaware River shipbuilders! Check back in to see what they are!
I'm in one of those emo Moods where I'm like FML
Totally not making it to the gym at 5am
Thanks for recommending Camtasia! :)
Did you know: That on September 25, 1828 Mr Robertson, a balloonist, almost lost his life when his balloon snagged on the flag pole at...
Thanks for sharing our content. We enjoy seeing how certain verticals are using different channels.
TLC just canceled a TV show lacking social value; now let's see Tattoo School bite the dust.
lmfao no you do not
remind me how to subscribe to these again please?
Just discovered that I am also Swedish! My great grandfather was from there. Anderson. Very common. So cool. Swedes are cool.
RT : What's with all the bees in Coors Field?
Stretch is in the audience tonight! So excited to actually sit and watch the show tonight!
Rebel lyyyfe! lolno, you're such a goodie good :)
I love the cover of the Seattle Weekly..."Remember the day President Obama shot Osama in the Face." Shout out to Alex Jones
Sad to hear & will be cancelled after next season, but glad they get a final season 2 wrap up
And ruin all my hard work?? Ha! It's on, girl!
What do you think about her being Martha kent? She's way to hot to be Kal Els mom!!
not uh
Been offline for a while..thanks for updates.
What's your favorite camera? Mine doesn't accept calls when I'm shooting or distract me from the decisive moment. Focus on best tool for job
Are you offering HA HA
Thinking about planting in the garden...too soon for peas?
I asked a "Gen C" person today if they were on LinkedIn and they said "What's that?" Selective connectivity...
wtf u got burnouts or sum like u got a new number again? Lol
So, is making fun of me b/c sports media pros are using tweetdeck, not hootsuite, my platform of choice.
phone conversations w & Don >
Our apologies to any one who got a DM from us that was spam. We got hacked! Changed the PW should solve the problem!
That moment when you get 2 large drinks at Starbucks for 5 dollars lol that's less then only 1 would be in a regular day #LikeABoss >:D!
we are "Making it Happen" meeting with band number 2 this week
oh you most definitely will. shits gonna be on and poppin in the stopper house this weekend
New Study - indicates that search plays a dominant role at the beginning of the purchase process to establish a consumer’s consideration set
love you so much! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> “: Today was not a good day. The only thing good about it was seeing <U+263A> highlight of the day.”
we were so excited to have you guys back too. You both add a lot to the group.
I signed up for 2 #jhudc virtual audience visits even though they're early in my time zone. :) Looking forward to it!
At BIG BEAR wit my Cuzzo turnt up !!!! Had a awesome day snowboarding !!
Ready for this 3 day weekend
I want to run. I want to run. Dammit I want to run. (Now chaining my whiny to a chair).
I told my grandmother that I love her. Her response was "What"! Really grandma, that's how you feel..lol :)
RT : Social media & government discussion @ #smbmsp45. Back @ the fab Coffee + bagels + the smell of bacon. Morning!
Blu & Exile-Dancing In the Rain
Happy B-day to everyone who has birthday today!!!!!!<U+E312><U+E112>
thanks for the follow be sure to checkout the talent I represent for & the clothing line
are you in Cali now?
RT : POP/MHMD CD droppin soon WE Need Pittsburgh support
Looking forward to my afternoon #RedBull. It will give me wings
sometimes, while I'm sitting alone & writing up my mothering research, I'm painfully aware of what I give up to give this my full attention.
The best thing about being rejected for a part in a play or movie has to be the waiting for a phone call or e-mail that never comes.
Why would a movie theater show ads for TV shows?
God gave me a baby toe so I could find the coffee table in the dark.
hey it's my best friend 's birthday on Friday and she is literally your biggest fan. This girl means(cont.)
Thank you.
Hope u joined Mr.Thunder&others 4 da 10th annual MLK walk starting:00PM on 96th&Amsterdam in Nyc.Shut down ur PR celbs&do something useful
Wow, the new website is rough. Looks like the bad product of compromise.
:) Aww so sweet of you! :) Thanks lovely.
yeah, it is 63!
Lmfao at phone call " dog I live her I wanna marry her spoil her ill even cheat on her" lmfao :,)
been a while (Palm launch event w/IAVA). Hope all is well, keep up the great work!
The day you learn how to text will be the day I text you first lol.
yeah team!! Come on in we are Poppin right now
Favorite book? Mine is Galapagos.
she wouldn't be referring to My Little Pony Friendship is Magic ? That's a great show :-)
yay! :D and check your DM!
your tweets are so interesting! Thanks for following! :)
scared of what?
Not a bad idea, if it works.RT : Things weren't going Hank's way tonight. His solution? Cry out, "Vaaaaal"
;) love you both! Always & Forever <3
My phone just tried to autocorrect "whiny" to "Whitney"
Ready to start playing poker for the day after I call Dell on my shipment for Christmas. It better be in a UPS truck. Dell Service sucks
I'm a deep person, mind body and soul.. Tell EM
As long as it's not Luke Messer's campaign then have at it... this debt deal shows how important these races are to America!
I would like to add you on LinkedIn we do not share the same groups :OP
I visit NYC for the first time in one week! Anything I must see, besides the obvious?
Don't worry #IfYouAreSingle on Valentines Day.Here are 4 great books from bestselling #Sexologists and #Love Gurus for .99 each!...
So grateful for my good health today. I LOVE my guts :D
We are glad to see that you are coming to #cable12, but our call for speakers closed earlier this year. Please apply next year!
iN YUBA CITY w MRLN & the KiDs, @ a FieSta!! b0Ut tO eAt s0mE GUAM f00d...!!
My though 2. Limiting. RT : or, to that end, why make a single user interaction on the largest screen possible?
Absolutely! RT : this morning - in Chicago- Life is GOOD!
You are my life, i cant let you go...
Life flows from God, it flows from God -Charlie Hall-
Just followed you back Justin
#IfIDieTomorrow I wouldn't give a care in the world.. I actually would be a lot happier if I were dead right about now<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Lunch with good friend = good Saturday.
Certainly thats yr call-but I have found it futile-dissent is not in their DNA-marginalizing dissenters is
I'm gonna miss PLL :/
Cool! I talked to him at TEDMED this year, and know one of his employees, a ND girl! Hope to meet you someday.
well I got a good enough score on my ACT that I can possibly get a huge scholarship!
You’re very, very welcome, Jen :-)
The food channel has great tips for delicious and easy meals. ~~~~~ Bobby Flay
[promagentotuts.com] Free Magento Theme: Absolute
LETS TREND SOMETHING!!! :D
That's so cool! We'd love to see a video!
Can't believe Raising Arizona is 25 years old!?! The movie is a masterpiece... Well it ain't Ozzie and Harriet!
Bubby is Sitting up.
Hey. Thanks for following :D I got my haircut today and the lady cutting my hair was hitting on me :/
whats up man
Dont open any DM from me or anyone saying "someone is posting bad stuff about you" it's phishing spam. Don't sign in to twitter not real!
what you get for me?
Happy Georgetown Day 2011!
Billie Holiday singing But Beautiful...every time.
wow so you can even be here for me as a bestfriend .
sure. can you have her send us the issue to
still doing euro…
Are you in Sephora?
I miss you need to come see me
Am I the only one that eats depending on my mood and not when I'm actually hungry ?
See what we now know is nothing compared To the love that was shown when our lives were spared and tell him
FEIN FOR THE STUDIO
6C: HIT THE GROUND; OUR BIRDS; RADICAL DISCIPLINE; SNOWED UNDER; MAKING BIG PLANS
well, it was a Norwegian that named it. But it was more of a joke about the PR names than anything else.
U got it!
what up ?
A brand is a mental picture your product paints to it's consumers.
I barely trust anyone, especially girls.
NO. I'm regretting things. I think I like someone more... :/
If you're starting a new religion, you should pick a logo that will work as the I in Coexist. Big opportunity for brand penetration there.
Got a bunch of new music ready for tonight, mostly courtesy of
Be passionate about your work. Embrass it and it will give you great rewards! I love boats & helping people. MarineMax gets you on the water
Bo Ryan joins Mike and Mike right now to discuss the Uthoff transfer.
sutup becky i was just trying to be your friend.
I like afternoon shifts
alright Carson!!!
Writing amazingness with and Patti Maloney!!
The Rockets gave up 34 pts to a team who've been accused of tanking. Not impressive at all.
hey...........looks like we're gunna be playing summer ball together again....... :)))))
McCarthy : 'among 31 "developed" countries, US ranks 27th in welfare of/future investment in children.' 27th.
LOL in your own little world
no better reason to invest in silly straws
So, when's Jonny Craig out of the slammer?
The future freaks me out. What if I told you Quietdrive opened the show?
I'm walking to class and see a $20 on the ground... this just turned into a lucky day. fuck yeah. first time i've found money.....ever.
Don't judge people before you truly know them. The truth might surprise you.
lol! Have fun u playing on Monday?
Why is your favorite color? Why?
Never been to Howl at the Moon but it is real close to my office. Maybe I'll go at lunch.
Come down to Florida and I will take care of you c:
Hopefully will finish up the outline for my book chapter on network infrastructure today. Due Sept 1 with first full draft due Sept 15.
Thanks for the RT, Bryan! Hope you're doing well!
Thrilled at the glowing review from Jane Horwitz - FIVE LITTLE MONKEYS (Starring Valerie Leonard) is a riot at Adventure Theatre MTC. http…
Enjoying the gorgeous LA weather! Then hittin Staples Center later for PAC-12 and watch CU win!
Been thinking about Sara and her family today. Memories that will last a lifetime.
yess we on da same page man
Don't mess with someone else's feelings just because you're unsure of your own.
AW! That's sweet, thanks. :-)
Boom goes the dynamite!!! Who's ready for the biggest party of the year?!?! New Years Eve 2k12
Derek Jeter passes Dave Winfield on All-time hits list. Gives you some perspective on how good Jeter is.
Having the mother of all sinus headaches.
yes. I've stopped reading most linked in groups because they are mostly peeps posting links to their blog posts.
what about that song Climaxed
My mission in life in this moment (and every moment!) is to stay connected to Love, all that love is.... everything else follows....
MOVEMBER KICKOFF HAPPY HOUR November 4th at - details coming next week!
Awesome. Someone scored. That means more commercials.
continue to grow and be wise.
I'm so happy that btr won !!
*HOME ALONE* hm I hope the neighbors like THIS SONG
": Money from strangers is one bad ass show."
The emotions to describe the very last finale of #DesperateHousewives, I dont think I can put words to it.. happy, sad, brilliant..
agreed. That's do annoying!!
's Laura Faer to city council: #students need support not tickets
...decisions are so much harder when they effect more than just you
any status update on
Are you serious?
Best tattoo advice you've gotten:
What kind of action can we bet that he doesnt take it down? Lol
When you walk in the strip club the first thing you should see is ass on top of ass walking around ..
You clearly fined tuned your technique... never saw anybody successfully bullrush you, even at the highest level
WMYB on the radio:)
I love T-Shirts *point to my 'Plays With My Prey' Tee. It's all in how you fill it out really.
i know my mom is mean
It's almost May, for crying out loud. How can it be 36 degrees?!!! I didn't even cycle in temps this cold all winter.
Looking forward to having you & Mom visit us & ! Please let us know if you have any ?s
Historic Preservation community: do we have any agreed upon hash tag? do you have any thoughts? #preservation seems to long.
Is the Krispy Kreme light on?
once we go public, we can provide the tools.
Time for relax!!
one day i’ll be what you want, but you won’t be what i need.
Definitely not. He'll get a chuckle out of it, no doubt.
ian i know you and your crew will kill it tonight love you!!!!!1
so will i get trick-or-treaters at my place in grandview? ...guess i might need to grab some candy.
Motivational Video - Overcoming Adversity
I'm about to stop worrying about them, they, y'all, he, his, her, she, and start worrying about me.
The Show Before The Show right now on The Lake. Getting you set for the #Springsteen show tonight with all Bruce until 7:30.
Heading back home, need to rest up for Otsego Rev Tour this weekend. Back to work for sure though.
buy our plane tickets?!?! please ;)
"Weird and random" is pretty much my mission statement.
That's me..
ahahahaa i need to heard that!!!!!!
Barely time for tweets this week -busy w/ new summer cohorts library research classes -meeting/workshop on iPads in edu on main campus today
thank you!
So tired hope I don't fall asleep at the wheel... Again.
vegetable gardening tips
well I've spent a very long time on that first draft and those first chapters are from many years ago!
Why did desperate housewives end with another mystery...a woman moving to town with a secret lockbox...she was about 8 years too late!
Oh, we all saw it coming. You just got there first. :)
Old Eminem :) <U+2764>
You should follow me, so you know who I am when I'm sitting beside you and your wife at the Grammy's in the future;P
Mitzie is sick again. Got stronger antibios but I'm not home and she wouldn't take it from my friend. Crap.
School tomorrow. Ugh.
Hilarity: kids tweeting out against their assigned reading at #worstbookever ,Huck Finn, To Kill a Mockingbird, Romeo&Juliet among top hated
Thank you Irene!
Thanks! Did you like the JoePa game? email your information to and lets talk.
EXCELLENT! I got to thinking about what the Soviets used to call these folks, "useful idiots".
This is funny asL
Goal DC, 3-1 for Galaxy though.
We will be having live updates from practice @ 8p cst. See you then!!!
Ok, shree from atlanta house wives was fired yesterday, wow
What's up Cee-Lo this is James Eichelberger. Holla Back!!!
that sounds awesome
YAY. Hyper bailey is the best bailey
Its sad to see people's interest decrease when you mention God.
hook LIFE apps. Like a hook app that allows him to open coffee creamer.
He was partly about to kill me I was partly about kill him because he was partly about to kill me Tmacc v
On my 6-handed fixed limit table is the fish Stephan Kjerstad and the superstar Thor Hansen.
*CONTEST TIME- Tell us what you want for Christmas this year, everyone who answers is entered to win a FREE Appetizer at the Club!
LOL in class I write down random thoughts so thatI can tweet them later.
Had a great Christmas with my honey and his mom. Came home to make sure the house was still standing. Santa brought "The Sunshine Boys!!!"
Dating is exciting for both singles. A few suggestions to show them you love them:
Not sure if I should stay in a job that offers stability or venture into the unknow and do what I am mosst passionate about? Any ideas? :)
Would love to have drinks on the east side tonight anyone in?
Gonna get ready for school ~.~
Yeah I must have at least 1000 videos that I "favorited" to watch later
: Finished the #ShamrockShuffle in 50:03 not bad for 1st timer, no more alcohol/smoking for next one & will actually train haha
We don't care what people say we no the truth
If you trying to get it there's some work to come with it.....
Goin to drive n see if i find the 4s. If i dont, no biggie
should I look or not look?
My current literary selection: This Book Is Overdue!: How Librarians and Cybrarians Can Save Us All.
The sun is out and snowflakes are falling from the sky...WTF is going on?
I wonder how many times #Santorum touched up his ashes....
unless ur a woman please keep atleast half ur clothes on
We're honored to have , the 's + Amb to as our Keynote Speaker this morning
You bet. I'm also at
Great job ! One of Energy Advocates just got a glowing review from a homeowner who went through our program www.smartenergypays.com
I don't know why destiny allowed people to meet, when there's no way for them to be together.
it's only 1:17 but ok Have a nice day at work
haha i figured!
you are so lucky to have met them! I'm so jealous!! :)
If u intentionally hurt a guy you should be out for how ever many games they are out + 2 “ 3 game ban seems light for Marquez.”
. just voted against an amendment to exempt #Veterans living in veterans homes from photo ID restrictions.
I can't even sleep.
Just Say Yes. Snow Patrol. Latest obsession. Digging the slight disco beat.
hi lovey. float, float on...float on, float on... serious amount of rain!! are you washed out?? x
I,am glad to meet you Alaina.Larry at bestbylinc
Character is a by-product; it is produced in the great manufacture of daily duty. – Woodrow Wilson
I don't think so these days. Information is easily available. 10 years ago, I might have agreed. Not today.
I demand your responsibility <3
Very excited to have you on board! Get ready to work hard and laugh heartily! And those NJ kids have NOTHING on us! :)
Did I just buy $50 of scented facial cream and dark circle remover?
ok thats cool. Always looking to work with new directors.
father and sons r so cool together
going to my first field trip in two years tommorow!
listening to pet sounds while getting a filling, vaporizers instead of nitrous oxide?
great running playlist, cut :10 off my mile with some Debra Harry/Moby... do you love when I take you up there?
No Excuse Wednesday tomorrow.... What's your excuse? Free food, cash giveaway, tutors, rides, & more!
Coffee break with the arcade fire. <3 Saturdays
lucky guys!
Running on little sleep, and my triceps feel like they are dying so I can barely lift anything. The work day is going to rock!
Parable of the scorpion and the toad.
Finally got an invite to Google+ this week!
(Though I do think he's being bullied by the investor. However, any other employee would be let go, too.)
it FINALLY snowed today:)
Thanks for jinxing me!
thank you!! <333
When a man loves a bottom
I love Zippy's
great talk. I want a DVS clipster so bad now...
You're very welcome :)
Been feeling tired both mental and physical so cutting workout down to half sets and more days rest for next week to let my body repair.
Who's checking out #LAin Transmission ? Curated by none other than D from the Beastie Boys
Can't help but be a little bit surprised that traded down, but not worried.
#DearOOMF Remember a soft answer turneth away strife.
Well I think I'm gonna go to bed now. Good night beautiful. & you better finish that paper of yours. lolol
Guilty as charged! I've never felt so special....!!! Evidently threatening to unfollow people makes them charitable... ; )
Dang Draper. Dang.
I really, really dislike this place as a conference venue. Really.
Scanner Monitor: Iliff and Buckley Injury Accident.
look who got outta jersey!
free work? little confused. :) why the involvement w/ professional orgs?
in a good way<333
LIFE.No matter what keep your head up and stay in high gear.Don't let know one get in your way.Show no fear.Life Goes On.Have a good weekend
about to watch "fireflies in the garden", hope is good...
There are some things we have not "tapped into"
Truth: venti green tea at Starbucks in the afternoon can keep you up late, unless you request just one tea bag.
Calmly broach subject of pay gap - Vancouver Sun
Awesome! I took the leap a couple months ago, and I'm actually completely vegan now!
Black, and lay off the Cigars for a week....
i will say that the city song is quite the catchy one.
I'm glad there's not many motherfucking pictures of Liam and Danielle they need their mother fucking privacy and go them for gettin it in
Indomitable Eli Pariser giving #filterbubble presentation #activateNYC12, impt. issues. See also Different Feather in Knight
Snow on my car this morning!!
FireSign customers, we are experiencing an unexpected disruption in our hosting service. Please stand by.
Hows Everyone doing out There tonight... :)
If You Think Most Games are Dumb, You&#39;re Playing Them Wrong
My boyfriend's father lived on this beer in NH....
Funkasaurus!!! BEST THING EVER!!!!!
I’m alone. I just made a weird face for no reason because I thought it would amuse me. Now I feel more alone. I’m kind of disgusted with me.
oh trust me I am hah
4 Month Advance Notice: That Casey Anthony Halloween 2011 costume is a dumb idea. If you're googling a pink tuxedo shirt, please stop now.
is so beautiful one day if only one day :)
RT : Stanford AD Bob Bowlsby told his staff he's gone.
To get people to sign up to your list Show them you are credible and professional by providing them good, solid knowledge.
Let's get it then.
when me and my friends meet up 85% of the time is playing wyr hahahahahaa
Lol, I have to sneeze.
Getting super excited for #TALLive tonight with ! Some of my fave NPR voices AND a super large popcorn? Yes, please.
??? ": Interesting opportunities to think about"
Just wrote a research paper on for my music business class. His brand synergy is phenomenal.
I'll just stick with federal law definition says about this. Charter schools are public. Diff but public.
so u gonna tel @&$! u like her
The bird is known by his note. the man by his words.
And they're incredibly delicious!
good luck
Monday's bastard child is knocking at my door.
But he didnt anwser my question!! Can we?? Lls
Cute! ": Please forgive that last tweet my cousin is in love with tebow... Who isn't lol"
Robinson is a solid player, very underrated!
Hit 200 followers tonight. Thanks everyone, keep sharing the love! Our next release is almost prepared.
#timewarner back online ... fingers crossed it stays that way!
CBO Dir agrees #ExtendUI promotes economic growth. Will Rs listen or obstruct measures that benefit Americans and economy...
If it wasn't for me, would be coaching DB's at Upper Iowa University.
I know why technology is so expensive. It keeps us from flinging it across the room when we can't get it to work!
I think I just saw you but I couldn't tell without my glasses.
Congrats! I hear the shoulders are a little heavier. Well deserved!
it will be our little secret. Shh.
The Brazilian Project backs Patty Stephens ((TONIGHT)) for her version of JAZZ STORIES! Come check it out! 7pm @ The Cooperage!
lol I'm I'm NYC that ok lol
we've got to mix it up Jo! They'll make it to Harvard in time!
“: 75% of the #iacaucus votes cast went to someone other than Mitt Romney. #winning”
okay thank you I hope he see it
idk if ive ever seen one of these more true to my life! haha
The work that is really a man's own work is play and not work at all. M.Twain
Someone needs to call me.! Bored
It’s Friday the 13th and KidVoorhies is on a killing spree
In 19 days,Incubus will be in MKE. They haven't been here in 9 yrs. In 20 days, I'll be going through after-concert depression.
"Name your top ten I'm harder than the most of them."
Touring the Coalfields Expressway this afternoon with Congressman Rahall
. might want to check if you're behind a proxy server, try syncing your Chrome with G account and/or clearing cookies/cache
Thanks to all the contributors to NMAP's #ProudHeritage week #ProudAmerican Tomorrow's the last day of the hashtag campaign!
To me every hour of the light and dark is a miracle. Every cubic inch of space is a miracle. -Walt Whitman
Forks Over Knives ...I'm going to jump on this one. Thanks for sharing, xo
Representing all the Elders. Wouldn't miss it. My only issue is I wish I was riding the bike up.
August is half over! Summer's end is in sight with back-to-school shopping. Weather is perfect for that annual trip to the drive-in theater!
well not yet but patience & consistency is a virtue. Thanks 4 asking my Brother. :)
Rohberger: OA challenges use project based funding, intellectual property, and access.
I tried to understand you, but you kept pushing me away. There's nothing else I could do. I tried my best.
Just read a quote that made me vaclempt it is so on the money: "When you have kids the days are long but the years are short." So so true.
#HurricaneIrene will make landfall late Saturday
I'm so lucky to be on this planet.(:
Just had wings at American Deli w/ Noah while discussing conservative Christians delusion in thinking they're a persecuted minority.
Powerpoint Level One Class Today. I wish I could just test out of this. So enthralling...
leave gates in lineup, or throw Celek in there? Only ask bcuz of game times and I'll be at the #Brewers game Sunday.
I agree that debt from post-grad study is also big problem.
I need a #WendiDeng chick.
What took you so long to follow me?! lol ;)
I went to church Sunday & the pastor preached about sex & waiting. Now I feel even worse about myself than I do after a one night stand.
I hate showing my house!! Its so inconvenient!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I always dislike staying home from work. Especially when I dont feel well but not crazy ill.
You know it's cuz the realized that is their good-luck charm, right?
husband is out teaching son to drive. I'm a nervous mom, but I think he will be a good driver once he learns.
#itssadwhen you have to tote a fat stack of paper coupons to save $$ @ your favorite stores. Palm that power with the FREE Qponomics app.
We ate waffles this morning & my baby sister drank her syrup...!
It's only been 2 days and I already miss talking to you. Spring Break is going to be hard :/
Full plate with my mom's death and the new company starting up. And you?
For Presidents Day: "Architecture is my chief delight" Thomas Jefferson (even though today is really Washington & Lincoln)
Halloween is over...November is upon us, let's make the last two months of 2011 count!
Thanks to Anthony for being on with us, good luck with your upcoming title fight December 16th! Support A.P. Milwaukee!
Wake&bake
thank God I don't use either of those, then
Just moving into our new home. I've got a million boxes & stuff all over, but hope cable will be on, so I can watch #Scandal tonight!
Happy Valentine's Day!
I am IN LOVE WITH
thanks so much! So excited to see what the buzz is all about.
WOW!! Sproles TD #Saints on top for first time
just go in to the restroom!!!!!!!!
the gravitational pull of faith draws the good and perfect will of GOD into your life....shouting out to all faithers...
pre-work yoga makes me feel god!
I love ha too death, but she have her times.
voted for you 50 times tonight!!
i still owe you a lap dance
Thanks for the follow!! GO YANKEES!!!!!
No ice in the monte
im like Einstein compared to some of the people that I go to school with
If I wadnt married to the streets it would be you
Hello! My name is Beatstash. I am an Atheist and I like fish.
I'm starting to like instagram more than FB
looking forward to following you and have a wonderful week.
If you could hang out with any Country Music singer today who would it be?
Thanks for the tweets, Mike. Drop me an email sometime. Love to get to know.
where are you?
What do you guys think? RT : It's Book Lover's Day! What are your favorite #adoption and/or #fostercare books?
Vacant house broken into on 28th & Bryant. Police gave chase. Seems nervy out there tonight. Be careful.
Hi. I'm a new follower. I blog for . I write about all sorts of sports related subject, but horse racing's
#Titties is the appropriate response to pretty much anything
Oh, me? I'm just daydreaming about tearing down a skyscraper with a goddamn hammer.
Shopping for office space is not like shopping at the Gap.
There's something humbling about listening to Radiohead's 'Kid A' album while the sun is rising
I wish I was at the marketing meetings when they brainstormed the word "bundle", because we all know they couldn't go with "Cox Package".
“ “ if you got a girl that holds you down, LET THEM HOES GO.””
haha!! Glad that someone thinks I'm a rockstar. So what is life like in columbia
I really need to go to bed.
Another night at work! How exciting is that!?
like those videos, this conversation can only be continued in person.
I go on the computer for just a minute but I end up staying there for 7 hours.
I found a burned IC on the controller board for my fridge. I guess it's time to clean the fridge...
Ultimately this will have very little effect on tech patents and Twitter is severely limiting it's rights. Interesting policy nonetheless
You learn something new everyday. Today I learned my dog doesn't like oranges
Danny Newsome 6'9 (Langham Creek 2012) will leave a couple D1 offers on da table and has been accepted by Texas staff as a "walk-on".
Oversize film separations now available!!!
Thanks for tweeting during our webcast today :) Hope you liked it!
Watching star trek. Chris pine is so cute!
oh, just rub it in! :P
Special thanks to Mrs. Tsogzolmaa for taking the time to create a productive educational program between Mongolia and HFC.
i want to die.
When a dream takes hold of you, what can you do? You can run with it, let it run your life, or let it go and think for the rest of your...
Skeeter, all is well. How bout you ? Just getting ready for the upcoming Twestival on 4/30 @ Brooks Landing. What's up Juted ?? How r u ??
I'm afraid so!!
Having a party? We now offer a platter menu to suit any occasion. Come by and check it out!
"Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking." - William B. Sprague
#DescribeYourExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Liar Liar
My apples smell like beer.
the lineup is worth more than that .. but hey lol
Another good lead for a summer internship I know it is going to happen ! Thank you
I think that depends on what kind of story you want to tell. Is it going to be sort of an over-the-top melodrama, or more...
I dunno. My daughter is 6, but has two older brothers. So, she'll quickly whup ass. Ellie needs to whup ass.
If you want be a member of Wine Diego like on our new facebook page. If you want your wine to be featured please contact us...
reading your bio makes me super jealous.
Me And You Know What It Is .. No Need To Explain It To Anyone Else
#TeamGolf "whatcha know about those yellow bellies bro"
he really
People always got some shit to say about some body
Drinking coffee again, just wnet to Starbucks
I see people in the game with not 1 ounce of talent... ole wanna be apart of somethin ass fools!! SMH
This week has been so nice. To get away from all the crap in fort Wayne.
I wonder what is doing....miss my bros and hoes of the 806
People who put a space between the end of their sentence and the punctuation, probably listens to Nickelback.
The lady that normally gets 8 espresso shots in her drink only got 7 today. Baby steps, I suppose.
in case you guys are wondering, dying brown over pink hair=red hair. ugh.
Spurs are tough
Im going ham nigga
okay, good. And you are not a mess -- you are awesome!
Shabazz to UCLA. Who the hell names a kid Shabazz anyway???
so true. We call that a Frankenstein!
Did you go in the pool with Colton? I hope your having fun with the idols :)
Marcelo scores Madrid's first ! #realmadrid 1 - 1 Athletic Bilbao.
What a long night! Why am I up so early I wanna sleep!
I <3 how every week we watch a 45 minute board room fight. Diana vs Lisa Aubrey vs her selfabsorbing!
I actually like winter! hehe. I'm gonna go to bed! Goodnight! :]
Current weather
So blessed to have an amazing family, I am ever grateful :) <U+2665>
You guys should jump on the #PaulieTrain now because once I get started there will be no stopping me.
Happy Thanksgiving from the FailFL!!!!!!!!!!
"Culture" talk in Ant 101 always one of the hardest
RT : Comfort zones are prisons disguised as warm blankets.
Looks like I've got some cleanin to do.
that is such a help with no spaces just make less for my week old eyes to look @ but want 2 c u all again :)
Scariest flight of my life
ha! How about a sports wagon? Or is that still too soccer mom-ish?
I want someone to fall for me just as much I fall for them.
Caps don't count?
who is his marketing agent?
I'm jealous.
fans!! Watch CSI Miami tonight... you will see Maxim in a short flashback scene. :))
House of Steep is hiring: tea/relaxation lovers, or a massage therapist, please email . Check out our FB careers page!
IF YOU LIVE IN OHIO TWEET ME NOW!!!!!!!!!
You know the story of his first visit to the USA, right? He was coming to DC to meet w/Bush Sr.
#ShanimalOnTheBeach - Uh yes please! ;D
dislocated shoulder forced me to lay low for awhile
fishy! (: you tweet too much!
your guess is as good as mine
“: Whoa, that was close... I almost gave a fuck.”
I've been imitated so well I've heard people copy my mistakes. - Jimi Hendrix
Lls I just wanted to talk sum shit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
kinda haha, I've liked them for a while know (;
just haven't had time to twitter was verry busy
And a nap. I MEAN....looking over game notes.....
I'm about to go get some myself, too.
I understand completely, I've been here since the beginning & although I'm proud it makes me sad, things change way 2 fast
Be kind today, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. *Happy Monday! *
People always know what to say to hurt me.
The short short drive was TOTALLY worth it! Such a fun show.
I really don't want to run in the rain.
She black as shit talk straight shit shut the fuck up <U+21E8><U+21E8><U+21E8>
Delany's book "Blake: Or the Huts of America" is a novel abt escaped slaves who go to Cuba & start a blk nation
timthumb script... "I love you... you make my job easy" <3
You've already done that, right through my heart
Sigh. Another short blurb about sad Beavers fans on the front of the Sports section. Will there ever be something BIGGER?
All moved into HQ. We'll be there everyday starting tomorrow!
The extreme humidity is causing our delivery guy car problems....
Buffalo Wings and Cheese Steaks on Tomorrows SINGLE CHEF only at www.theroomlive.com Monday 6pm Pacific I'm freakin starvin!
"Manuscript". Or "printing".
It was a full moon...
Good Morning!!
Ooooohhh. Care to elaborate?
that's not nice, lol. You probably got them scatterin around the room like roaches.
And you were an incredible guest!
You already know *winks*
#20ThingsAboutMe, I don't care to impress anyone really but my coaches...
good, I was worried!
im sorry! when are yall coming bk?
"HOLY MOLLY!!! WE'RE NUMBER 80!!!! AND WE'RE JUST GETTING STARTED!!"
Between the alcohol and lack of sleep I think Vegas drivers are some of the worst around....... The rains not help matters any.
PR is a strategic communication process that builds mutually beneficial relationships between organizations and their publics.
At School Of Rock to teach the kids, then off to a show with The Shotskis Jam Band! We play 8-12! Everyone come out!
Oh you know, awake at 7am but too lazy to actually move.
nigga FUCK that time to cut that communication lol I ain't getting deported over sum pussy lmao
Thursday is poem in your pocket day! Get your poem ready.
Bless you sis. Thanks so much.
Long day of work "pushing" but free massage in the pm so I'm gud
2.5 mile run over lunch break. lets see how motivated I am to get through the afternoon!
Why did Dracula miss lunch? Because he didn't fancy the stake.
Everything good has to come to an end
Hahaha, love your web site.
I'm usually very patient with people but I have NO patience for foolishness
Can you follow me so I can DM you about ?
Actors who think they're the only talented person at the audition are in for a rude awakening when they don't book the role.
I Want f00d
WHOA!!! what a screaming deal! Leonetti '98 and '99 Cab at for $125 and $100
I need to find friends that don't mind spontaneous plans ._.
Bitch, you're 12. You should be losing teeth, not your virginity.
I agree. I need to come see you mate. Village deli would do wonders
just finished my wrapping & now i'm barely able to stay awake long enough to tweet an x-mas greeting. so merry x-mas everybody!~hugsnkisses
Tapas right now... Booze at Hair of the dog later
i love that kid :)
Kira I already know you're gonna read this so I'm not gonna @ reply to you... Did you know Marinas trench guitarist is from Vancouver?
Happy Wednesday!
We raised $425 for Gabriel & other #urgent deathrow dogs! Let's keep going! http://bit.ly/chipingabriel
Thanks for the follow! :)
RT : Father, help me to never be afraid to pray for the impossible. #whynot?
I suggest Canters Reuben, kinda pricey though
I understand paterno should have spoken up but why are people more worried about him than the pervert who touched the little boys?
MY #BOSTONCELTICS DID THEY THANG NOW ITS TIME FOR #OKC TO DO THIERS!!!!
ok done deal
So proud of my Cowboys tonight!!! Good game y'all.
What did I tell you? Real with a narrow 4 point margin at the top now with a pending visit to Camp Nou.
...plannin to kick it off w a Smoked Rye Imperial Stout, Wee Heavy, Belgian Tripel, Imperial IPA, plus a couple more.
We are live on with the #REGGAE radio show... Sizzla is on the turntable Boom!
when im stressed i like to download music
Workk then totally going back to bed!
nah, not you. You know everything about everything. Everyone else is wrong. Do you even know the definition of irony?
Loiter squad
Helping asylum seekers win university places: A small Manchester charity is winning friends among universities i..
Im really glad your a #Packer but how can #Packers fans be sure your really Nick Perry? Post a picture to prove it?
Gotta say, I agree with Elizabeth Gilbert. It's really, really hard to do yoga in Italy. It's much easier just to eat and drink wine.
Nuts! My size 10's missed it :( : Changed my mind contest for all my size 6's, 8's AND size 10's in less than 30!
I watch that show every night..it's amazing lol
sure! I have a puppet-friendly band ; recently did a Taiwanese surf rock puppet show. Ping us if u come to LA.
will b worth it! ;)
Oh no. The Thunder is thundering in Dallas. Making chumps of champs.
#FHA: Every $1 spent on highway improvements results in $5.20 savings in reduced vehicle maintenance, delays, fuel consumption & emissions
Its a beautiful night...
Some times i'm #scared of falling to #sleep you might not know what you'll wake up to or even #wake up at all. What a
Spend a whole day with One Direction
you're welcome! I can tell that you will be blessed because you have an attitude of gratitude! GOD IS LOVE
Best battle so far - LOVE THIS!!!!!
RT : Did you know? Carrying at least one passenger 35 or older in the car cuts a teen driver’s risk of death by 62 percent.
Elmo's poor research methods - not concerned. He's 3! And loved by 1 yr olds! Why encourage/interest 1 yr olds in research? Silly.
VA Software Summit will focus on working together, legal issues in software contracting, &handling "apps." Special session on MS offered.
Steve Jobs - "the only way to do great work is to love what you do, if you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all...
nothing at home...u wanna hang out with my home boys...some came out of town
Lovely day i might say!(: <3
Americans should be blatantly upset and embarrassed with the constant disrespect for our President from the Republican Politicians!
I forget sometimes how funny my old classmate is.
o hell yeah I got some shit where I pay 26
Ah ha ha! He'll learn... RT "...especially the fanbase that Minnesota has -- it’s probably the best in the NFL." --
So since you had a change of heart, who's the artist I'm featuring and when can I expect these interviews?
we got you! RT : follow back please cuz ive got 666 followers lol its weird !
ack! I never replied! (re: BBW) this week is crazy (A's folks are in town) but maybe Sat? Or sometime Tu - Th next week?
Q: Is it growing on you? A: Yes, like mold.
This great weather is no coincidence... #BrewCityStompDown2012 is heating up downtown Milwaukee in 2days! Hosted by
hiding from the cops?
love em....keep them comin, this is so much fun, LOVE,PEACE and MUSIC ROCKS!!
Try listening to Don't Shut 'Em Down by Flogging Molly and not thinking about the riots in the UK.
Oh man. I have Spotify on my phone. This is a moment I dreamed about when I was a little kid. This is really, really something.
is celebrating Mollys bday at osteria marco! then- the lure, and who knows what after :)
Splitting cigars as usual
Damn Me & Nel ready pop out a baby ..ctfu
Weekend from hell
So happy to have spent Friday night with family. Got an appointment for Career Day at a Detroit Public School on Tuesday, too!
": My nigga im faded<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>"So you smoke???
Hater: Austin Mahone isnt talented! Me: you best take that back. Hater: or what? Police: so she just slipped off this cliff? Me: yup
Are ya thirsty? How bout a big steaming cup of shut the fuck up.
Avengers! It was a win for me.
Us guys never do. Your not the only one
HAPPY HAPPY B-DAY !!!
Thank you so much ! At this moment, the love from friends is worth it all. xoxo
In the studio with , and unfortunately not Wiz Khalifa...
I was the worst luck ever.. I don't even know why I try to become a singer!
It will never not be funny to watch texters eat it while walking down starts. The phantom step always gets them
and are sharing great advice from their book 101 Social Media Tactics for Nonprofits at
not many out there post 01. KOL solid
we sahh screwed
Breakfast and jesus
can't waiiitt till next summer oh my gosh
we currently track analyses when they are created. That resets every day back to 0.
ha bruh..77 monte carlo d's and a bad red headed chick in da back!!
by review i mean studying not like going to school to review or anything...
Congratulations on your IRE award, ! should be extraordinarily proud of you guys.
im good. hows everything
"We don't change things around us to have personal success. We change things in us." —DJohnson T&B
... and interquartile ranges ;-)
That's easy, Ella Fitzgerald.
head band, enuff said
was it like "I'm gonna renear some shit up, yo" when conducting a formal analysis?
Alright, looks like I'm heading to the game.
#YouCuteAndAllBut your attitude is ugly...
headed to stans bbq - their creamed corn is the best!
My Mardi Gras dog costume caused swimmers ear which turned to infection in my reconstructed eardrum
I think I already have u added.
real talk
Working on 2 Spanish language UX projects and I don't speak Spanish! Very humbling, educational, and time intensive!
I rather have my GED then have Ruskin High School on my diploma -___-
Good morning beautiful people :)
“: sounds like a great time we'll need to invite more people to make it a bit faster. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>” the more the merrier!
"pain in him ass"
You bet, Leslie! We'll set up some MARAC networking fun in the fall.
with a stiff enough drink, you could do without the bag and punch a wall?
Maybe you should invest in a disguise so you have it on hand, just in case. And shoes that make you run fast.
Me To.
Governor is looking competent, far-sighted on the issues. In contrast with opponents - he's looking ahead, they're headed backwards.
I WANT TO KISS HIM
no too much to do
I work hella fucking late tonight. Damn I won't get home til 4 in the morning ...
Feels so good to just lay in bed. Waiting for my wonderful hubby to get back from the gym and bring me Bruegger's!
ur lyrics,ur meaning and now ur guitar.keep doing u.loved the making of efflictim video with Jimi Hendrix in the background
Your thoughts are very well articulated. I would send the letter and stand by your thoughts and convictions! Proud of you!!
#iWishThat winter break was here
The weight comes so quickly a little goes to your tummy. And be sure to workout.
Q: What are your Cinco de Mayo plans!? Come get a fun outfit at the mall before heading out!
anyone want to go ride bikes downtown?
thanks and followed :)
To everyone that hated seeing my winter break cut short, I hate that you're still in finals. Truly. Good luck!
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
Social media is important to SEO.
It was nice ladies! Now off to homework for me!
The neo is rarely good, for the good is around a long time.
I nerver went.. Bout to get that water though..
Thanks for the Klout!!
Is Twitter down? Will someone please respond to this to check.
why much better?
I hate homework :(
my mom be pissin me the fuck off
For friends that need to get their SSH fingerprint to validate their keys on You can use the command "ssh-keygen -lf ~/.ssh/id_rsa"
I hate it when the jacked guy always wear tank tops..like they poorly tanned ass too good for a shirt
Misuse of papelbon, inability to score runs, bad bullpen, shoddy defense. Yeah yeah.
for sure...I have no doubts
yeah I know. Wahh. But i will prob come to your house sunday! If thats the plan!
I'm thinking that my art won't attract the type of clients that get their dead pets stuffed.
atta girl! RT : I just crossed the $500 mark for team One month to go!!
Gonna go ham on this competition.
Hello Ya'll....shop local!!! Come see our new Acacia Wood!!!! What a Beaut...
I create my own reality I am unlimited I get what I concentrate on My moment of power is NOW
RT : I'm probably gonna do a college football fantasy season too
Look-if you give me any kind of back or neck 'massager' for a gift I WILL end up humping it at some point. I don't write the rules people.
Impressive indeed. That is one talented guy.
no, my sister did. He was playing at a Farmer's Market on Oahu today. Pretty cool.
Hungry...don't know what I want to eat.
Hey Houston folks! Did you know you can ask questions on Twitter ? Or via text - text HPL to 66746 to ask your ?.
that is awful maybe was more than meltdown in that case.
got my DSW bag just in time for my flight home. I'm in love!
“When I play as White, I win because I am White. When I play as Black, I win because I am Bogoljubov.” -Efim Bogoljubov
Goodnight twitter
Meeting with a client tonight to discuss details for their fun, travel-themed reception. Where have you traveled recently?
Can't sleep! Grrrr I hate when I wake up @ 4am wide awake!
Great effort this year Timbers!
real talk.
I do most training on a treadmill but I might have to look into that. Or I'll have to bust out my old 40GB Ipod photo (old!)
This is just how many people I'm hearing from about SOPA! RT : Lloyd Doggett, is now trending in
Why are vampires in shows n movies so damn hunky!!!
It's 7AM and I am thinking hard and long about a chili dog for breakfast. You don't think I'll do it? Just watch me. And a Poptart too!
I'm shocked. Shocked I tell you.
I'm going to call you repeatedly to make sure you don't sleep :)
If the toddler in the cafe in which we're eating doesn't STFU, I WILL go tell her Santa's a hoax, taxes will KILL her & she's unattractive.
Cartridge World Camp Creek online ordering w/free shipping on orders over $45. Save up to 40% on print cartridges. www.atlinkrefill.com
I went shopping today <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
I get those all the time... more like MIGRAINES ... -__-
Open your mind before your mouth.
bringing in valentine's day with cory and topanga
What did the doctor give the broken pod? A podcast!
Big win for low-income communities in CA! #Solar for All #AB1990 made it out of committee today! Congrats #CEJA!
awe don't cry!!!
RT : Next Tuesday's 6:30pm run will be featuring ultra-trail runner Krissy Moehl and a Patagonia trail...
It's the best one yet. Episode 3 on www.terriblepeopleshow.com
1. I met Austin & I never thought that would happen, but it did! <3
I haven't had cable since 2005 so I haven't seen the trailers. But they must be pretty awesome to get so many ppl THIS excited :)
Running to my second class and what do I encounter? A group of French speaking guys doing parkour.
we hammered out in chi town. we wanna party w u girl. come fuck wit us! we show u how us chi town girls get down on a tuesday
RT : RT : Death of Kim Jong-il Breaks on Twitter and Makes it to Cable 50 Hours Later, more in today's Daily Briefing...
it was hilarious. We've been talking about it and now to see each other.
Something had to give! Ah blessed day!
After tonight's game keep it going w/ The Noble and baseball movies: Field of Dreams, Sandlot, A League of Their Own, and Major League.
#dayofsilence Let the silence begin.
No 1 cares about character anymore
"It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves, and it is not possible to find it elsewhere". ~ Agnes Repplier
This is America. We speak American.
I look like a mod boy.
here to see at 1:15 session in UNION D about implications of tech in learning
You have failed to fix my xbox the first time the disc reader messed up, and now its happening again.
Can't wait to see you in This American Life Live next month.
RT : The best aphrodisiac is not pointing out that I'm singing the lyrics wrong.
I haven't made sense since 1988
BADCamp is this weekend! Come join is for a weekend of Drupal fun. We'll be heading up an Installfest and discussing the Patterns module
project runway again?
Watching #GCB love u are amazing!!!
games got moved to 1 and 330 bus time was moved to 930
#ICantDateYouIf You're not funny .
American Warewolf In Paris
Wait till he starts hitting on you.
Considering billing the next Idea Forum mtg as a Choose Your Own Adventure. Giggling maniacally & twirling pretend mustachios.
Literally some people tweet every 5 mintues...that confuses me?
U did broke it but u didn't have any feelings for her so u dnt kno wat u did to break it
if you wait till I get home I already bought ya muscle milk. BTW I was calling. Phone OS dying getting on train now. Cya soon.
CEO, David Dundas, revealed that not vein scared of data that might not be positive. Listen to your customers!
I graduate in 3 days. Whoa
WOW! I can't wait to hear it!!!!!!! YEEEE! RT- “: last touches. focused. believe”
I hope the Ravens defense is ready to step up.
1936 James Cagney in The Great Guy. Seems relevant People.
not in Serge Ibaka's house baby...get out of here! #OKC!
good form: lower resistance or do less reps if you can't maintain proper alignment or if you're using momentum to move the weight
You are at Arrowhead?
Looks like I'm able to view TED vids on my retina iPad now. Cool; thanks.
i took 2 shots of #noxplode and I feel nauseated - I stopped working out.
Why is it that the foods that taste the best are the ones worst for you? Heaven better be full of bacon and chocolate.
"You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing." - Dale Carnegie
Oh apparently tweeting about uterine lining will lose you about 6 followers, just a heads up guys
Thats what I meant! If they were REALLY hungry, they woulda been there to take the food that you got for them! :)
Off to London! Will hit the Tate Modern and British Museum. Any recommendations for can't miss arts scenes in the UK?
Thank you We returned the favor look out for music soon
Thanks everyone who came to #rawconf today. We'll post pics and other news as soon as we recover from the excitement!
Thanks Mary. It was a fun night.
On top of everybody like we flew up in this bitch!!! Webbie
We have a new server ready - vpn-ws6 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Tokyo, Japan. It's available in your customer area now.
i hope u watch it lol
One more test and I'm 50% done with my MBA. Can't @#$^% wait!
How about we start a 'meds-for-bullets' program on Planet USA before old wango-weaponized-tango hurts himself?
LOL, #AgentDLV. But I got it, you're entered!
how many players have received game misconduct penalties in the Pens/Flyers game???
Cardio X done! No excuses when I can workout in my own living room:)
This man is NOT about to keep beeping this horn outside my window.. >:(
more like feedback loop
View each day as a new beginning. Be open to both the challenges and rewards that come from pursuing the things you desire most in life.
Windy driving through Phoenix.
Most boring day ever <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Great weekend ahead doing 2 days of #Hyattsville fire dept traing with #WMATA. Any good evening events happening in the district?
I hate Humanities.
Good call, you've been a reliable source on this topic in the past. Oh, wait. #andrewbreitbart #jameso'keefe
Why do i put up with yo BS?!?
only on like harry potter....... :D I like it though, MATE.
Tell your friends, family and coworkers to come follow "Indy's #1 Virus & Spyware Removal Specialist!" The Computer Guy #RT Please
his ass would have made me catch a case!!! Haha where was this at!?
left left left left left right left get on up get on up get on up...
why thank you be sure to check us out on Facebook and we have a CD coming out on march 30th :D
Although, I give Huntsman credit for actually be the sanest.
Just scored a vintage chalkboard for Baby Nichols!!
I think this dress came with too much leg.
Isn't it great? Keeps your car covered while producing energy!
one of two atomic bombs dropped on japan as a way to secure US victory in the pacific
Having WebDAV server connection problems today. Don't even ask. I've decided it's a Windows problem and put in a work order with IT
At Kate OBrians in SF with my partner in crime getting ready for my IPA weekend
what do u like in ur man?
new was so 2011. Do you know how to use google hangouts?
Proximate cause argument may mean: hearsay evidence, gun ballistic specialist, game day diagrams are moot points to say Martin was aggressor
Gettin' a job interview, going to be a PAT next year, AND mom left a note to get Chipotle for dinner. It's been a good day after all.
I thought he would be different.......... I thought wrong...
Thanks! You just got urself a follower
Tomorrow morning - interview with director Erik Peter Carlson and producer Kevin Bar on KRXA channel 540 AM California's Monterey Bay Area!
You know, maybe we'll just keep it here. The typo may be the unique indicator that it's actually my page.
NUMBER ONE TOP TWEET TRENDING IN THE USA TODAY #PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight Whats 's tweet?
Hey the next time your down there maybe we could maybe. Eat at the Hard Rock and maybe walk downtown! :)
Disney fireworks viewable from #aapor hotel.
I'm gonna go download it right now! Caught you in portland last year. That was a great show!
Like the tone they are setting for this year's #Oscars... interviews & testimonilas
Is it a remote position?
I'm so proud of you :) Thank you for being the amazing person you are.<33
#MyStrangeAddiction lady who is addicted to smelling pine cleaner is from buffalo. Of course. The one time buffalo makes it on tv.
Subway at flat shoals rd. in decatur ga: the slowest people ever... And the attitudes suck.
Thanks for entering!
#Contentstrategy is not always a linear process. RT
what is what for ? Lol
Okay, kitty, you win. I'll move the boxes so you can get up on my desk. Just don't go falling off, okay? Okay.
pissing oh my god
Just make sure u leave a gift receipt with it.
Oh yes!!! Ireland vs Chicago....get real Connor!
I'm not a fan of reality tv but the more I hear of companies pulling ads, the more I want to watch it #All-American Muslim
Cozette, you're a very good mascot #cat!
Watching the office. I love it.
When I delete someone from the contacts in my phone, it feels like I'm deleting that person from existence.
They are like sweeter Granny Smiths
we're a mess haha :/
Headed to interview with the Timbers!
Crazy we dead had an apartment 5 mins from the stadium.. Woulda made a killing harboring a bunch of groupies and boppers this weekend..
Random thought on covering NATO protests: First Amendment rights, absolutely. Getting sprayed w/ bodily fluids or solids - ugh! Hope not.
That would be pretty awesome.:)
Love You Too ! <3
Good Lord who starts on that team?
I Will Later Bro!(:
i love you my baby Christian <U+2665>
is checking out the Wendy Williams show...this should be interesting...
good luck to u and frankiemay tonight im in ok in heart :)
Just woke up with
I guess the walls have ears.
I'm not going anywhere with this studying plan!!:o
RT LAers..."It Felt Like a Kiss" next week is a must. Watched for the 2nd time today, got chills.
Hahaha! Oh really?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
buy them from half.com or amazon!!
Marinated flank steak with farro, nettles, goat cheese, mustard greens & salsa verde
sometimes, it's just too easy. - you just got yourself a follower, but not a fan.
Noah is the cutest boy ever. <3
Please cancel
Playing "take my love" with Awesome.
I really don't want to walk home.
“As long as you know that most men are like children, you know everything.” — Coco Chanel (1883 – 1971)
website has been updated! New referral program capabilities and Waterfi gift vouchers!
“It isn't the mountain ahead that wears you out;it's the grain of sand in your shoe.”~Robert W. Service
I'm praying to the Visual Gods that this thick acrylic sheet successfully hangs within this ceiling.
when you genuinely cannot tell if you should call someone "mam" or "sir" <
Yes, we have our first grammar caucus comment.
They deal chips and candy in this school like its drugs, lol.
What goes best with burgers and wings?
I finally was stuck in an elevator and it HAD to be at 624....
“: I love with the biggest passion<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>” aw!
Funding my first project makes me feel like a digi-hippie.
so jealous! Ima b in the lib for the next 12 hrs... have a glass of wine for me
I'm officially one of those crazy dog people. I go to the dog park once a day, I talk to my dogs every minute & I swear they know about what
That movie looks good! (Side note- hate the over-usage of the song "Dream On" in movies/movie trailers.)
is someone live blogging the Edgars? Who and where?
Hooray, I fought the & I won! Yeah 4 small miracles!
Can also be used to make a passable chicken tikka masala with the grill side if you can't get outside to the Weber.
in the early 2000s Orlando replaced all of its gum supply with Cuban sandwiches.
Miss you, Meghan!
Everybody Deserves Second Chances, But Not For The Same Mistakes. <3
i love l.a. I love memphis.
In almost-perfect harmony. LOL// RT : and have been the ebony and ivory of all morning
It's Friday! What letter of the alphabet are you drinking tonight?
that looks incredible.
haven't read it yet, but seems ironic to draw that conclusion in an online article.
thanks bro.
No church this morning :/ Our pastor is in Europe.
TOBY!!!!!!! I LOVE KEEGAN ALLEN!!!! Theres this kid at school who looks exactly like him! Needless to say I'm his official stalker!
If its important to you you'll find a way. If not, you will find an excuse.
This travel agents voice right now is really sounding a lot like Mrs. Doubtfire
I hate when my Dog takes Over the Whole Bed when he's not even that Big & Has Enough Space where he started in the 1rst place.
I am with a groupp of children who are wandering around Walmart singing "There are zombies in my zombies in my yard" 0_0
Heard you was coming to the hood .
YEA! thank you for signing up for dccodeathon.eventbrite.com Help me gather more librarians? #citationneeded !
Awesome, thank you! “: Follower of the Day - show us this tweet for a free large bucket (expires 5/15)”
Welcome to all of our guests attending the Southwest CONTENTdm Users Group meeting!
Count em one two three:) taught me how to count:) obviously
Thanks for sharing it with us, Happy Anniversary! RT : Enjoyed an amazing first anniversary Loving life.
I thought it was "pearl necklace" people reacted poorly to as a phrase. Guess its all how you use it
Thank you to all of the brave men and women who have served our country and fight every day for our freedoms. Thinking of you,
Polar fleece sheets last Saturday when it was 40's= genius. Polar fleece sheets now when its 70's= sweaty.
thanks for posting the video
Thank YOU brave men & women who protect our freedoms! Salute to their strong families too! Happy #MilitaryMonday!
We are www.hairinthecity.me and we are waiting for the observant eye to discover us.
you seem to think the words and pictures are related. I put stuff in the text to see who reads it.
I will be djin @ the tonyc summer jam @ the north point bars in SA, TX! Its gonna be the biggesr event of the year!
twitter keeps randomly unfollowing ppl. Annoying
well im excited for this weekend(:
Thank You. Love the Fans
<3 thank you!
if you know of someone who picks there mates soley on the way they look, please slap the hell out of them...thanx!
is having a showchoir blast from the past!
haha very well put
Corey Hart...finally!
Thanks for the follow!!
.. catch me if you can :)
hahaha well you could say that
Wait what, do you live in my building?! How did you find me on the Twitters??
yes there sure are!!
WHY IS THIS MOTHERFUCKER STILL ALIVE MR REED
okay call me
congrats to you guys
well thats good!!
SUPER PSYCHED to be on the #teletastics call with :D
Tonight ill be live in the mix inside Tabu 18+ welcome 21+ to drink come out and party!
What a good idea. :)
Trying to respond re your new book
I hate when my hair elastic gets stuck in my hair
off work today & it's supposed to be 88 degrees !! you can catch me by the pool <U+270C><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
OUR BEING IS IN HIM (Acts 17:27-28) Live, move and exist in us Father God. We trust you and love you. #Sir Court
my b he's 36 in a few days
I favor spending my money on companies that support civil rights, fair health policies and reasonable intellectual property rules.
SO JEALOUS. I LOVE PANERA.
We have a new server ready - vpn-co13 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in London, UK. It's available in your customer area now.
Today Is the 15 baby
Leaving chicago today.... Gonna miss it! Goodbye chicago, hello again vegas/:
Hope you and your friends and family are all safe!
Exhausted im sick of studying all day it's startin to get to me
i know ): im gunna try.. but we always have to answer questions, and i never know the answer.
ah, I think it was a CSS transition causing the issue, I believe it should be fixed now.
Well now you sound like a bitter old waitress!
Check out #TheLastMountain! Amazing documentary. Available for streaming on Netflix or rental on Amazon.
Hey ! How about you have #JazzFest posterboy sit in for one song? Hit me up so we can make this happen! Thanks!!
or they don't recognize there's always been tech/tools because photos/slides/typewriters/wordprocessors/quills are all still tech
. says we shd move from request/deliver model of archive to one where visitors invited in to archival curation process.
You'll presumably be exercising for the rest of your life. Pace yourself. CG Philosophie.
have a great Friday
Thanks for the follow ! I hope you get a chance to drop by my house sometime soon!
You are not alone.
Just getting started ! If ur in pb come by. $3 wells $5 premiums, $4 jager shots! What?! Who's carrying me home?
It's going to be fun and congrats on your new job. We need to get together at some point for coffee.
How many gimmicks do we need when we have more to say than a gimmick
;P I'll believe it when I see it :P
Be looking for some exciting happenings from InheritBR in 2012!
loll hilarious :)
My work is to conjure up the idea of what I want. Whatever I have the ability to conceive, the Universe has the ability to provide it.
damn, nothing pops off on Mondays either.
Atta boy C's!!
Me too! I totally missed that one when I visited last year. :(
Weather in Madison - 54 degrees (possible rain tomorrow)
Hmm should I leave early. . Again?
I was until that field goal :-)
If you’ve been spending hours lately figuring out ways to save money, why not spend that time instead on figuring out ways to earn it?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
can I sell them a dream??
Four more days and then I'm free.
So lemme get this straight,Justin Bieber sneezes & 30 seconds later swagsneeze trends, but #RyanKennedy dying from cancer can't trend? Pfft!
Aha. That's more of a British type of sport, not much played here on the continent. Your very lucky to feel love.
Happy Mother's Day to all of the wonderful moms out there.
thanks kell, just trying to help out! I really need to get involved with my schools branch like you have.
Good morning big gray clouds and rain. I've got my hot cocoa, so I love you.
are you bord?
Twerk sake it fa the camera
o drews got a date ;)
is looking for 3G Network Engineers in Atlanta, GA
he ain't give u ur writing credit?
so bummed...had Tix to see and but daughter got sick :(
damn.. wrong era
You are very welcome. Please share the #WomenBuild with your
hey deme I should record myself flinging tampons dipped in red dye at people.
Cutting off your band with authority?
Remember Jesus loves you!......Pretty much everyone else thinks you're a jerk.
It's good to have choices, for the best in mortgage rates click on my profile link NOW!.
the "dance" classes have to be used within a month of purchase so i'm just going to buy 1 for now.
better than spongebob's huh? That's incredible. Props to you. I'm sorry I doubted. Keep on keepin on.. And having fun ;)
awww make sure you take alot of pictures at your prom
Me and Day was cool
Hearing the Franklin's words is always the most profitable.
cannot wait to go to #chelseapiers with my girls:-) want to try rock climbing for me n my teen daughter. gymnastics for my 4yr old.
lol impress??? we have been friends for over 20 yrs dumb ass....hardly. u started it by saying bs about fball. do u not recall
sad to see you go. I hope you land where you want to
in 3rd quarter still?
oh the things you do. Most can't be discussed in public or within 500 yards of a school.
#Youwannaimpressme, have some motivation. Love yourself enough to take care of yourself and do something with your life.
There is always music....so play on; throught the anger, regreat and saddness....play on!
Meditation affects ur body on the #Cellular level via #Genes that control Antioxidant activity, Inflammation &
I find myself to be pretty. Never hot
That is so sweet! What is the actual date that they got married on and what are they doing for their 50th Anniversary?
happens all the time ;)
Stand your ground ... &walk in the light. Strengthened from food for my soul.
we are nfocus now twitter is a rockin
#Memorialdayplaylists What's yours?
Aw Crap. I uploaded an older file for my Tech House Gypsy Hip Hop set and didn't notice till now. I'll upload the higher quality one now..
Seth Mitchell looking STRONG as a heavyweight prospect.
I am totally running myself into the ground. No days off. No time to socialize or buy groceries.
Happy Monday! Has your company reviewed your #security budget for 2011? Do your #safes need to be updated? Contact me at Corporate Safe fo…
The Indiana Hoosiers (my alma mater) are coming to Portland. And I have tickets. Couldn't be happier!!!
Pretty cool #Windows8 demo at Steve Ballmer's keynote at #DellWorld Online (powered by #Social27)
I needed this walk almost as much as they did.
Spring is here because "THE #REDS ARE ON THE RA-DI-O!!"
#midleved, #edchat , #dublindallasplp Has anyone tried a Pecha Kucha using the themes from The Outsiders? Please share your thoughts
performed at the NYU graduation party last night, heard it was nuts.
Nice to meet you this morning, Mary. Such a small world that you know !
I'm sorry...I have to take a rain check for tonight! Had an unexpected funeral to attend.
I'm drinking coffee at 9pm. This can only be trouble for the internet.
Don't make me unfollow you. That said, I'm from Cleveland living in NY. blast!
Awesome, will post after 3 when I am on air!
She starts her new diet of liquor and dick. Just like Hollywood, but laced in sick. The sun goes down, and so does she.
feeding my family so I hope not :)
listening to this week PCHH! You have to watch Awkward on MTV. Total inheritor of awesome teen comedy mantle!
Cody was sculpted by Angels I swear... He is just too perfect!
Not sure why we got rid of Blake.
Looking forward to tweeting from #Geekend! Zuzana , Mariah and will be there representing our #savannah tech startup!
on the road again
people change culture by changing systems.
every morning the babybean and i have a dance party. this morning she *woke up singing "moves like jagger".. cutest. thing. ever.
I just took some medication for pain, came downstairs to our cybercafe, and bored out of my mind. Not used to sitting not doing anything.
There were some awesome people at the Hookah Bar. Great night so far and it's only gonna get better! God I love West Lafayette!
it won't send unless you follow
what's going on sir!
of course <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> ur so beautiful it's insane!!!
“: So can Jonathan Vilma and Sean Payton talk to each other?”
Let's go mavs take down the trail blazers
Whenever I listen to TED Talks on the elliptical, I feel like a Stuff White People Like entry.
ILL BE IN CLEVELAND THURSDAY. IM LOOKING FOR TALENT AND IM NOT ''HOOKING'' NOBODY UP. GET RIGHT OR GET LEFT
Hmm.. Well how TALL are yu then?
My work day has come to a close! Hump day tomorrow!
I have strep :( I hope I can talk tomorrow because the doctor said I could return to work since I won't be contagious.
Thanks, Robby! Hope to see you on the links soon. RT : Welcome to Twitter, !
fyi fancy is spamming twitter on your behalf
it really showed! I still have to send mine in and I hope it's good! I'm trying really hard too:)
HA! That would b my choice 2! MT: Julie NEVER notices what's on West Side Story. (3rd bottle of wine now being opened).
well please don't do the intense love scenes in my new best seller "PYTHON" IN PUBLIC but learn the best way to be romantic
Diana is learning how to tweet
uh oh lol.
Thanks for the RT!
want me to dimpa-size your face
I haven't been on twitter lately. It sucks, I wanna MAHOMIE biff doe~~~ hit me up
Got so much swag he can give sum a still have to much
The Edgar for best first novel by American author goes to Lori Roy for Bent Road
me too i love it
Get ready to get destroyed in some poker.
i think youll see her a few more times
Help us help our most impoverished children change the course of their lives by donating or volunteering!
We gotta get this thing going...I've been dieting for a week...I'm droppin' it like it's hot!!!
thanks for following, Jessica.
you know im down RT : who wana go too breakfast? #burger king
me too! He's incredible (sometimes)
Hoping to play at the We R Indie & Indiegrrl International Music Conference!
i can't remember what you were supposed to tell me, but yes, you're supposed to tell me something. anything will do.
my apartment had 30 foot floor to ceiling windows in the living room and today they're getting cleaned! SO EXCITED!
Decisions made out of desperation never work out in the long run....
Zach brown can shut up because we're state browned!!!
you're late for ugly class bro #EliMannings on his way to pick you up
How was that ginger with that girl??
editing. can't stop editing. can't stop.
thank you xo
Mosquito bites are painful and itchy :/
for a minute i thought that was real armpit hair haha
is creepin (; maybe this could be the day he notices me? #NeverSayNever <3
This is for the Directioners who do The Inbetweeners dance ,Hoping they can do it with One Direction.
No gym this week with
Love when stops in.
So much fun running into you yesterday at #GoldsGym. Hope you have a license to carry those guns! :)
Its raining out, love the smell of the air when it starts to rain.
funny how when your dead people start listenin
"I try and love em in the physical not literal | and right after I hit it got to give a little nigga room"
that's kinda creepy haha
Got out of school today at 12 :) Easter Break sweet!!!!!!!!!! (:
I've had a semi for like an hour for no reason at all. What the fuck penis?
#MUSICNEWS Jay-Z visits jeweller on anniversary
RT“: I love big dick #straightup <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>”
First half of the concert has been amazing.
New Heart Disease Test
I have complained about scalpers. But in all reality no. This is america ya know :)
One-arm hang time in handstand and headstand this morning. Don't know what it means, but I have an overwhelming urge to say...BOOYAH!
This game is annoying me lol
...Heart attack averted. Go SDSU!
"The difference btwn a successful person & others is not lack of strength or knowledge, but a lack of will." - Vincent T. Lombardi
He just changed how an emerging generation experiences itself. Forever.
you are the worst!!!
Sunday Still: "...in the mid-1940s...Still asserted himself as one of the most formally inventive artists of his generation." - J. Golding
My dd is also considered special needs, but I don't see it. She just has epilepsy and it's controlled, so...
I need to move there then.
#SJP Varsity Game vs. Bonner at Ashburn is STILL ON! First pitch at 3:45pm.
Morning Twitter family. We just confirmed one more professional athlete that will endorse our brand for the 2010 season. Stay tuned!!!
WELCOME To all of my new fb fans!! Especially those sent by Pride Makeup By JMZ!!! XOXO!
how are you today beautiful? :)
Skin Care Survey: What's your favorite Coats Aloe product?
can I get my laptop for an hour or so? I have the sudden urge to jump on traktor
still waiting for the rain!!!!._____.
Good luck
If you are on an internet forum of any sort after RuRu, don't expect to not see a spoiler alert from the show!
when are you cominnq too LA ?(:
I'm sure we can schedule something. Where are you located? Shoot an email to us at to setup.
just increased by four.
yes can print Amtrak eticket at a station kiosk. You need the credit card you bought it with. Have a good trip!
I just followed her , please follow back and shout my name . I hope you noticed me ):
We aim to please;)
yessssir much luv to u fam holdin me down in 10akey..... Appreciate u bro more den u know fam
All best to your parents! (please excuse typo in earlier tweet)
Now is winning with 3.
Everyone seems to be dressed and ready for prom, doesn't that start like at 8?
About to Take a Shower and Then get dressed then later Volley ball Sign up and then Drill Team Practice (: !
Are you coming by for Taco Tuesday tonight at Lincoln's? $3 Coronas and tacos (the GOOD tacos).
I need to quit watching game of thrones my dreams are all prehistoric and shit.
Spacehog tonight. There are 50 more tickets just made available at the door. Who's in? Let's go!
Now I'm all neck!!! Thanks a lot.
I wish I could go to sleep early.
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing. - Abraham Lincoln
Be in peace, stay in peace, keep in peace -
You are welcome! God Bless
do you have the same number?
Robert Pattinson is so handsome in water for elephants<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
If I had a dollar for each time delayed my missoni order, I'd be able to afford to buy it off of EBay instead.
I Don't Say Hi , I Just Throw My Twos Up .
Welcome summer students! Happy first day of school! We wish you good luck and great success this semester!
RT Please! Presale tickets for 'Speaking of...' October 1st capped at 100!
Okay let me try to find somewhere online to do it :p
PRECIOUS I SEE YOU GIRL
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes
Overeem's attorney is now casually tossing his own witness (Dr. Molina) under the bus.
Chilling waiting for classes to start.
I hate waking up from a nap more tired.
hi i love you show!!!
What a golden age in advertising when the focus relied on yelling and throwing a fit. I entered the design game way too late.
I'M ABOUT TO. Wanna help?
#teamhipster won't catch on because if it did I'd never use it.
Rep. Alcee Hastings introduces HR1815 to award Lena Horne the Congressional Gold Medal 4 her contributions 2 the #arts & civil rights
Sure you are. Older than Bella? Doubt it.
Oh How I Love Alabama!!<U+2764>
If u sat out the 2010 election and allowed the tea party to take over, 2012 u have a chance to make it right.
you need to research Paltalk.com on the internet racist movement at it's finest
apparently your friend of the show needs the English lesson
Texted Toria I loved her and never got a response <U+E403><U+E421>
We are switching to our winter hours effective 11/3. M-F 10a-6p and Sat 9a-5p.
“: How did I forget about the whole leaky boobs aspect of #breastfeeding? Oops.” | I still remember those days! LOL!
looking forward to yr tweets!
wht time you gne be at the studio ?
Just finish a weekend of nothing but school and the reset button has been hit. Thank god!
RT: 1 million tweets for 1 million prayers for our vets and people in uniform. Tweet, Pray, retweet - pass it on.
RT : Sweet spot for press release headlines is 30-140 chars, owing perhaps to the tweet friendliness of that length.
trying to! So glad now I have time to tweet!
Columbus state cougar challenge 5k run, sleet, cold, and OXYwater. Be looking for a on mile 3 radio broadcast
found him Team....google his name.
It's teacher appreciation week next week. What are your favorite gifts to give teachers? (and what is your fav gift to get, teachers?)
Thanks for the add. We have a biz networking on Monday at Feb6th at 11:30 and Taros. We hope you can make it.
Cabaret callbacks are tomorrow night! I'm singing it in my sleep now. =)
"From his mother's teet.." LOL
the real nuts are on that show the follows !!! Dance moms scares me !!!!
Can we get Xcode for iOS? Not having a good time with the Mac OS this week.
I can NOT believe what is happening on this monitor in front of my face right now. Like right now. This second. O_P eye twitch; mind blown.
Heading to bed! Time to get some sleep before a long day!
Tell me about it !!!
Rob thanks for following - I returned the favor. Let me know about your wine questions or thoughts anytime - David
Dancing is a wonderful way to burn off those extra calories. When you dance you are in fact burning away a lot of calories
lol i just wanted to get this out my system.
I can't wait to watch it and feel horrified about what my father apparently thinks of me.
Did he just say "Solomon and Gomorrah" meaning "SODOM and Gomorrah"????
Who you like for Green Bay V. New York this week?
In graduate school (again) so I can take care of my family. Training to be a librarian should not be considered a luxury!
don't get him goin!
some business i have an account with must have sold my cell number to a match-making firm in washington dc. wtf?
let me no
Find a purpose in life so big it will challenge every capacity to be at your best. - David O. McKay
Check for canonicalization issues – www and non-www domains
and i know what your about to say 'you didnt like taylor and now shes your best friend' i have a reason to not like this girl.trust me.
No problem! Why don't you give us a call at 1.888.346.3377 and we'll set you up with an appointment to see some places!
Hun, I only write english and that is sometime hard enough
Might hit the RWC, need a workout partner for today
"bear with me" not "bare" as I'd always assumed...the first so furry, the other stripped...
Wish I was with you guys :( Love you <3
I LOVE MY MOM :)
#24 wins it! What a glove save by Lundquist.
Gov's plan: Income less than $500k will not see their taxes rise. Sales tax less than 6 months ago. Money is for Education&Public Safety.
Santa orginally had a demon that dragged the bad boys and girls to hell
[Category : Non-profit/Equine therapy for those with disabilities] [Clear All Filters]
Once heard RSS=great cuz profs could get new lawrev articles-did not impress-?% of lawrevs have own RSSfeed?
Mouth to floor.. Dat dress it HOT!!! yes Gwen!!!
Minute to Minute weather updates. Might mean no #WDYTYA tonight.
my tooshie hurts from sitting...ahh:/
We are busy gearing up for the Jimmy Buffett on-sale this coming Monday! Who is planning to be online right at 10am?
fresh legs, go leitnet and perîsic
I notice EVERYTHING, even if i don't mention it.
": #ItSeemsLike when you're single nobody wants you, but once you're in a relationship everyone wants you."
She makes me Happy <U+263A>
I cleaned the ashes out of my PC keyboard and a lung tumor fell out.
Our generation will be the wierdest grandparents.
Wonderful.... probably gonna have to move back to Utah this weekend...
Just saw this: www.greensmoke.com/6320.html The coolest green device I've seen, must see
I've been hit with so many interesting stories/emails since the C2C show-and I will do my best to get to them all-thanks 4 ur patience :)
And there they are. The ominous Earth Fair tents and portapotties.
GOODBYE I'm going ... and as every night to kiss a picture of and dream of <3 I know! I am madly in love
you are kidding?
Bout to get dressed & grab some breakfast. Time to get the day started!
Sam, only at Madison location just so you know.
You're too sweet.<3 I'll let Alex and Ian know of your affection!
"I know why they call it a napkin now... cause it sits on your nap."
I'm stuck in traffic HELL!!!!
Hey , we really enjoyed your social media preso at #F2C2 this year. Very creative and gorgeous pics!
sounds nice! My night was wonderful :) went to a show,saw one of my bestfriends play tonight.
Heh. No, I'm not. And that's what's scary. :-)
I don't want u to move ;c neither does
RT Nine years ago today, the war in Iraq began. Let us all honor those who have served and sacrificed for our country. –mo
Happy Home Movie Day!
#FollowFriday Hope you have a lovely weekend! (via )
And your body is the harp of your soul, and it is yours to bring forth sweet music from it, or confused sounds. — Kahlil Gibran
New Axe brand Golden Axe: "When you like to rape and pillage in 16-bits as much as you do in the club."
facebook really is boring as shit
Game Day is finally here! Who's coming out for 's home opener?
All of the GREAT Masters were once a disaster. Don't be so quick to
Did you ever get help with your Twitter following issue? We follow far fewer and experienced the same (temporarily) yesterday.
Happy about the W Sox but why didn't you at least keep the split screen? Alot was missed by us Red Sox fans! Try to be FAIR!!!
Acting is just professional lying.
I'm pretty sure I fainted a little when I found out. Everyone got him books for Christmas that year though!
Love dogs? One more reason Find out about supporting these amazing service dogs at www.southfloridaalerts.com
I Cried When i found out Bruno performed at Del Mar Fair and i didn't go.
Did you know Family Roots Travel does family vacations in addition to roots travel?
beauty > the gun pointing in our faces. omg. gor-ge-ous.
A sense of humor is a major defense against minor troubles
Well today was an eventful day. Not the best. Not the worst. Can't complain:)
At my granny house watchn everyone work, i have a headache
LETS GO RANGERS!!!!
I'm used to it- people get that wrong all the time!
Somewhere between 2 and 4 pm downtown Austin is gridlock now and for the next four days. Do NOT drive in downtown Austin unless you must.
RT : It's rally day. Fired up. -bo
.......mebbe I do, Mr. Shani. Consider the gauntlet thrown! Nataya is on my team, you can have
A night in Paris @ The Anchor .... one week to go .. March The 8th !!!! NYC ru ready ?
You know Tyga the rapper his new song you should che it out.
Digitization for Access: does serve the "specialized researcher" and the "simply curious"?
If your in the Boston are, come check out the "Sal DiFusco Project" at the Ryles Jazz Club in Cambridge, Ma. on 4/6/12!!!
"Saying I'm almost there" when you actually haven't even left the House"
"One of the distinctive strengths of Needham’s novels is that he has the urban landscape of Asia down absolutely cold." -The Bangkok Post
conservation documentation, that is. however could be used for planning workflows and seeeech
What day are you coming?
Thanks for the RT!
Day of silence today with but she's already struggling. Haha love her
bitch if you weren't pregnant I would have beat yo ass on moreland..stay the fuck off my Twitter monster lookin ass bitch.
I'm sure the fact there's no food stamp program on the moon is part of Newt's thinking.
Take me on a trip , I'd like to go someday <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Pirates without curfews, our favorite kind!
said "A man who burns bridges rather than builds them, will eventually find himself out of roads to take..."
Pee Dee, Eh?
A bed you need a bed I be.
I missed the deadline for online reg for HASTAC2011. Can't tell from the website: can I register in person Saturday morning? Thx!
just ask for it the next time you are there. you'll thank me later.
Anyone trying to play bball with me and
HuddleHub will be at Buffalo Billiards on 6th street tonight at 8r. Come on by and talk about Selection Sunday with us. Woot!
#TheThingIHateTheMost People always announcing they need new "texting buddies" y'all need to be lookin for a Life...
: on what
hahaha what did they say?
Back on Twitter thanks to :)
Had my headphones on at work. Thought I was singing quietly to myself...Oh, Hi everyone watching.
Track meet tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009F>
RT : We are all here for some special reason. Stop being a prisoner of your past. Become the architect of your future.” –...
It's really disconcerting how easily many conversations can be knocked off the rails by asking "why?" a few times.
BANK ROBBERY LEADS TO HIGH SPEED CHASE
Absolutely agree. Have to really strategize on what will work best for your business and what you have the time to do right.
wedding, dumb bitch! lolol
I see you too
I am so behind on TVD! And yes, he is very nice to look at AND listen to... ;)
oh uh also and most important. Come to trivia tonight to bask in the glow of my wit and charm. Yeah. You wanna.
'Oh my god, look at him, he is in a living hell.' re: facebook group with baby photos.
bulls vs sixers = possible sweep
“: makes me want to go to Africa lol” lets go
Mr.Pujols,just want to give you some humble advice.Lighten up on the grip an hold it like a bird in your hand.Dios Lo Vendiga!
Lockhart ISD closed today due to heavy rain and power outages.
can't believe I had another dream about u and I'm not evening dating u.but I wish I was ;) </3
or... (Sam to Mike) "When the time comes to rescue a bunch of rich women trapped in a brewery, you better step up."
“: RT Checkered Flag - wins the #Daytona500. Ninth driver to win multiple Daytona 500s. #NASCAR”
Hello everyone..go web page chk out the trailer to my movie n order the dvd to my movie. W.epidemicchronicles.com
Writing about the Meditationes vitae Cristi in 15th c. England. Carthusians, Birgittines, and lay readers. Oh my!
#visage CEO and chairman of the board shares the 4cs of leadership: curiosity, courage, confidence, collaboration at
RT : Glad its so >> #LiNC - community is no longer a silo. Plays a key role in social across multiple LOBs. |We are making it happen
heck yeah! Shes a madhouse! She got double teamed!
I am a customer for #ChemSpider as I am still a practicing research scientist (in my spare time). How many of my colleagues are?
West Side Story
many thanks. It was cute, bunch of 5 yr old trying to get on Americas funniest home videos I swear
Smoking dem paper planes racking UP on my air miles
Going H.A.M About His Niece Wedding! Too Funny!
so am I;P woman! Anyways we should prolly stop fighting:p unless you refuse again<U+E105>
RT : If you become close to someone in a short period of time, be on the look out. A true friendship takes a while to develop.
Know who your true friends are.
my dad, 61 y.o. high school biology teacher & former luddite, is taking a class today on using the iPad in classroom!
The City's Church is going multi-site & multi-city! If u feel called to be a church planter join us!! 2 yr internships for Lead Pastors
Today will be a long day. Starting at 8 a.m. and ending at 11p.m. with only 2 thirty minute breaks.
you're welcome (:
woken up by my parent's friends replying all on every text message. haven't slept past 7 am in months.
Don't forget to vote in the elections today students!
Still waiting
Tweet me if I'm not following you back :)
check out Founder of CoffeeCup software the Pres,CEO,Chair & Founder of Ukeycheyma personally follows him as well
you suck. lol
M&M COMMERCIAL.. LOVE IT.. TOO FUNNY!! BEST ONE SO FAR...
i never tweet cuz i feel like nobody cares
When ppl make fun of Christ I just... I just want them to be judged by God, SORRY JESUS!!!!
Cashier at store just asked me, "Is your mom named Bob?" Would give anything to see my own face right now.
Im so good at being sarcastic , i love me(;
Who's mix tape or CD is a must have out there right now that's yall checking for in hip-hop or R&B
A week ago it was T-Rich/Wright/Weeden, then from Weeden to Massie. Now I'm leaning Rich/Cordy Glenn/Rueben Randle.
wonder if #oomf is still mad/trippen ..
"He died in Cincinnati" Glee is hysterical
thanks! client likes it too, so I just need to do some fine tuning, etc :)
lol no they make me look like I have a penis XD
definately planning to watch the show...that said, any plans on a return to kron? lol..
Basketball sectionals tonight!
No prob, thanks for the music!
He's a natural movie star. RT : Hey, we know that guy! Yeah Raj
Man to man is so unjust...
Now #StateFarm has commercials during football games. What happened to the #doublediscountcheck commercials?
Water is so delicious on a day like today
Gambling is a way of buying hope on credit.
This is my 10,000th tweet brought to you in part by #RichardJohnson and the #JohnsonNJohnsonCorporation sponsored by #DeseNUTS !!!!
Maybe new extensions? Hm, I dunno.
thanks for the follow- I was just thinking about you. :)
OMG, delusions are rampant in every direction of crays. Sigh...
Happy Mothers Day To All The Moms:D
well she does have Girl Parts if that counts for anything
Oh yeah it was probably fairburn city police. Put my shit back where you found it. I'm not kidding. Act like you don't know. Fuck you!
Went well. Some great "news packages" from the students.
The student loans r all a BIG SCAM - they FLEECE disabled Americans & dont give us the prof licenses we worked for
"flat is the new increase" (w/ regards to state arts funding)
So proud and honored to be a speaker for #LA especially since I'm meeting so many amazing women
must fall asleep with contacts in so i can see clearly in my dreams.
Ahh, hanging with the boyfriend and friends today (; <3
Happy Friday, tweetie pies!
Who wants 2 make love tonight? Candles lit, roses, warm bubble bath, baby oil, blind fold, honey, feathers, anal beads, & a soft wet tongue!
it's a long story lol
She said she don't got money but she can give me head.
Headphones in til lunch time :p .
I mean who thought that was fly. Now I gotta leave it on because it cost 10 dollars.
We're also playing #LA on Monday night with for their residency
Want to perform on our stage? Our early sign-up list is full, but you can sign up in advance at our next show Jun 1.
Camilla Ma Is Down a'f.
Wife's birthday next week. I want to take her out for good food, nice atmosphere. Any ideas, New Mexico?
Thanks - product will go out in tomorrows mail
Thanks for the RT, You do great work!
It's the concept of combining different learning environments: mobile, classroom, and online to help students learn.
just saying..You're only a little bit obsessed with demi,right? I mean.It's so not obvious at all!-I'm being sso sarcastic loll
Join the book group at the Metuchen Library, Tues Oct 12th at 7:30pm for a discussion of "The Way of Herodotus."
I'm with you, I'll take heaven knows any day over their crap!!!
get a ps3 lol
Hightower fits the #Steelers system better then the #Ravens FWIW
Let me know if U need backup. Lol! Krazy is not exclusive to
STFTK is stay together for the kids it was on the album take off your pants and jacket and the video was shot almost 10 yrs ago
no that Houston dude was nude but we have another guy who wears a thong cycling in Austin, bad sun burn in the Texas heat! HA!
#StuffKidsDo .... Write love letters then at the end put Circle yes r no if u like me
I'm watching Big Bang Theory, I really don't like Will Wheaton.
That looks great! Nice, shiny espresso machine, too.
Thank you James. Nice of you to say.
It is so hot in my bedroom! I may never sleep.
I won't. and it's cool. #onlyatruefriend would do that -.- :p
They just voice voted to concur. They're on third reading now.
Congress has also declared that any correspondence between the Commanding Generals of two separate armies will be postage free.
I am team unfollow if you stop following me
You can't break a girl who doesn't care <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Everything baby <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> . He he <U+274C><U+274C><U+274C>. Work then training . How about u
Aquafresh Extreme Clean with micro-active foaming action - for that rabid dog taste. Glad I got a five tube mega-pack at Costco.
The opposite of fear is faith.
Less than an hour... Alright Milwaukee!
My only competition is MYSELF
OK, that was one of the stranger things I've ever seen.
cigarette style for sure!
I wish all the world's denizens ate as well as my dog.
@ my cuz house watchin take him to da greek its fuckin funny nd just got stood up by my boyfriend nd pist but same time I am okay...
thats what i use on my cardio days, not bad for the abs either.
thanks girl!
maybe more like the Dennis the Menace of history.
Sweets...even if I catch diabetes o_0 RT : What do you think would be the hardest thing for you to give up?
Thanks for the wonderful anniversary presents today - best was spending the whole day with Love you!
Hot beverage sales almost double on cold days like today. The Coffee sleeves on those beverages can have your ad or Brandon message on them.
When did it become neccessary that food be "poppable"?
Happy Halloween! Vote for your favorite pumpkin designed by the Residence Inn and SpringHill Suites staff!
Going to an #Oscar watch party? Come pick up a sweet treat at Magnolia Bay Toffee before the #AcademyAwards!
No fun! feels your pain. Where are you located? We can get it fixed pronto.
when will you be back home?
Last night there were 7700 people watching the let's get out and support the winningest team in
The website is still being designed. However, check out www.operationsoundoff.com to see a glimpse of what we're about on our intro video!!!
#bed time
If people are not allowed to draw muhammad, how can they tell it's Muhammad being drawn if no one has ever seen him drawn?
Thank you refs for obviously having money on Syracuse to win this game. I have them winning obviously.
": I love you, you said you loved me, yet I still do, but you've moved on."
Wow... All i can say.
Don't forget, bad city with tonight at the Roxy! Doors @ 7!
#LynyrdSkynyrd will be in #Kingsport, TN for #FunFest in July inside #JFredJohnson Stadium!!!! oh yeah baby!!!
look at my icon please & follow me? :D
So drafting. Yeah.
the msg too deep 4 most. enjoyed it. i liked the effects of the peacocks' anger on his life. can't hold on to that buddy
#bestjeopardycategoryever: The Most Popular Netflix Movies
Literacy Kansas City hosts 17th annual Corporate Spelling Bee
I sincerely doubt there is one soldier or sailor alive who would say that. Stunning & grotesque.
My favorite conference speaker response, which I've used often myself: we have nothing to announce AT THIS TIME.
I do not mind if all I am is just a friend to you, but all I want to know right now is if you think about me to
The wind today is obscene. Just thought I should say.
GOD BLESS AMERICA is funny and energetic and highly enjoyable and has absolutely no idea what it's on about. Disappointing.
o, in southfield?
Only 25 more likes to go! Share this page with your friends, and help us reach 2000 by tomorrow!
look on facebook!
Davis blocks shots like the only adult at the Nerf goal.
i had to catch up on tech articles I missed while at Coachella and #pinning... I don't sleep! You know this! Well, Banks does.
My cat high fives me.
Good luck with your interviews next week! where are they at?
Hey girlieeee!! Welcome to twitter <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
RT : RT : Tests are a snapshot while eportfolios are a movie. #edchat Now if tests were more like animated gifs...
I still don't know how to use this thingy
true that babe.
Creating a planet has proven quite difficult.
Sick of the Come on Irene drops. The song is Come on EILEEN. There are lots of songs with Irene. Goodnight Irene off the top of my head.
Bc I know stress + me = crazy
This really bums me out too.
Thanks for the follow! Can I send you a play? Matthew Ethan Davis, plays published at Indie Theater Now.
RT : A4: I think that it is helpful. But it may also be useful to remain flexible. That way u dont overlook opportunities
the new bird was fabulous as was the private tour....fill u in ! Can't wait gorgeous!!!! Xo ;)
RT : Unflushed automatic toilets indicate the presence of vampires.
hey could you follow me? you were great at teen hoot last night!:)
#LoseMyNumberIf you call me because you're being chased by a pack of wolves while I'm eating dinner. We all have problems.
If anyone needs a hook up for a mother's day retreat this weekend...hit me up. Got a good one at the SLS :)
Birchbox is amazing! You'll have to let me know what you get.
Witnessing someone make the same bad decisions over and over and over <<<<<<<
“: Tiger nation fire up. Spoon shoulder bumping everybody in sight. I love players who shoulder bump.” Wittenberg Tigers?
call me as soon as u can. It's important
Tift Merritt plays the every morning while the staff sets up here. Sounds pretty!
So all of a sudden you "hate her" lol does me talking to her have something to do with that?.
Don't forget the exhibition will be at until February 26!
Call Me Maybe is playing my local hairdressers
The best part about working with digital manuscripts instead of the real thing? Nobody cares if I sneeze.
it'd be dose...not does...just saying
You were just asking her what's already in the book. She could have just to everyone to buy her book. Con't
Yes, that's right. The Pull-tizer's kind o'like the Pulitzer, only more prestigious.
Kellen Winslow is a soldier, and Nevin Shapiro is an idiot
“: Black Friday and playing tournaments made me forget that my brain is an ATM if I need it to be.” i like that.
do you mean making your #gridworks running instance accessible by other people? read-only?
I miss you! One love.
The WWE is coming to Blue Cross Arena May 13. It's Story Toppers Time!!! What Teacher vs. Student fight do YOU remember? 222-6000 TEXT:80761
Are you really A&R.. cuz i got some good stuff for you if you are
Or is it world of warcraft? Who cares
For some people,a set alarm for a specific time to wake up is merely a suggestion
#Top100Lies She's just a friend.
Downside to studying outside: bugs will fall from the trees and crawl all over your shit
it's #thirstythursday , why am i not drinking yet??
Congrats, Doug! What a fantastic opportunity.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN. YOU WONT SEE THIS COS YOUR BDAY IS SUCH A BIG DEAL THAT EVERYONE'S TWEETING BUT AYYAYAYAYAYAYAYYAYA!
Not celebrating yet... one more to go!
do diet sodas jack up blood sugar levels?? I may drink one or two sometimes in a day for the caffeine
I think the background noise at the massage therapist's today was the sound of mermaids being tortured. fun!
Know, first, who you are;<U+200B> and then adorn yourself accordingly. ~Epictetus
that's good bro, didn't mean anything by it but we got to get more people to!!
I love the guys on Duck Dynasty. One example why: they got into an argument on how often satellite imagery is updated, (1 of 2)
'm is different good??'
Blasting one direction at 10 in the morning!
Yes. There's one plant here that smells just like licorice. No idea what it is, anise? I don't know what they have planted .
fuck you David Gill!
Dutch Proverb~ A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.
Thinking about getting new countertops? Soap Stone is a good choice... no etching, heat resistant, non-porous (doesn't stain).
Arnold Palmers and sport clay shooting at Dallas Gun Club
A dream like this is worth taking a chance for and some people might have to get hurt along the way.
Ancient Maya city of Copan, Honduras - UNESCO World Heritage Site. Project received to NEH ODH grants. Fieldwork on site.
congrats, and well deserved
Astronauts & on #sts134 - wishing you a safe journey and a successful mission!
lol me. Too it's hilarious
im movin on without u !!!!! you just never could appreciate my worth . but you know the old saying U DONT KNOW WHAT U GOT TILL ITS GONE
xD lol your twitter name thou.
Seek Justice, Love Mercy, Walk Humbly With Your God.
There was much eye H20 when the #nasadryden folks finished their day and received an ovation 3 hours after official events ended
*back ;P
Wearing my Beastwood swimming shirt :')
You too Roxie!
no offense besides Kemp? Andre Ethier is pretty good too.
- anyone looking to cancel their #marriot copley reservation???
I'm bored af and me an deja gone fight :-)
always love a beautiful smile!!
OKC is just fun to watch.
Quite lame. Roy needs to just make up his mind.
2012 Phenom Camper ° Phenom 150: Tyler Patterson °Rising 9th °San Pedro, CA °Travel Team: Miraleste °Point Guard 5’2
killing time. Echo and the bunnynen.
you are the last person tht tweet was for
I don't think you understand, Olivia... I'm the horny old broad in this relationship.
where are you? I will buy you shot at Distil!
Ball so hard my ankle hurt lol!!!!!!
Thank you for the reply and link. Very encouraging for this young developer.
LOOK TYE! #DaddiesHuntingBuddy RT Max is in awe of the bear
: thank you for following me.I'll check you out also.have a great tuesday
Why Nick? Why?
Shirt design looks great! (Loyal CP reader here; read and own all your books- most in hardcover!)
In #Oakland showcasing my book at MAPS 25th Anniversary Conference. Please stop by my booth!
Chopping it up with my nigga....
RT : How many passing yards will Dalton get against the #Seahawks on Sunday?
No, I'm in a twitter class with my better half. Have fun
:) RT Wife wearing plaid tights and black boots! Not much better than that!
Main St. Philharmonic and Voices of Liberty will be involved in a memorable Flag Retreat to commemorate #9/11.
Bye, bye, Mubarak! Good riddance! Hello to a new day in Africa!
Very cool site! Thanks for letting us know about it.
come pick me up...i forgot something at my house in cali we will be back by next weekend haha
Life's short. Live large.
Hahaha, it's called being a dedicated fan. :) I'm in the same boat.
I can't wait for games too start :)
I was all over it.
WHATT!!! whose your teacher???
Friend's a strong word...
Enjoying discussions at #BT2Duke. Still find there's nt enough dialogue on economies of doing activist/intellectual/digital work...
Just got to do a country radio survey and Storm Warning was one of the songs...rated it a "Favorite"
Hey when you going to present at #SXSWedu Show folks we are changing eLearning in #HigherEd - is ready to participate
Merry Christmas NFL Fans.......LETS GO BROWNS!!!!!!!
I would take a 12 hour nap.
So true RT : If you're looking for solutions to organizational & leadership challenges, the mirror is a great place to start
I can back that. They're actually a big influence on Will, our guitar player.
fromage d'cottage
I've survived a year without you . Love you grandma <3
Your Welcome. They were happy to see you!!
My dude said #plaque is whack..!!!
somewhere John Edwards, Roger Clemens, & John Travolta's attorneys r working on their billing
OH YEAH!!! DAMN I FORGIT SORRY !!!
And I suppose eye-rolling is "active looking"?
Nice Banksy avatar
good night(; lol
learning to like kale.... slowly
Fact! RT : Clearly NOBODY who works for Facebook has an iPhone or they would know how seriously shit their App currently is
Still not sure what other solutions Nance offers
In "Matching Books & Communities".
Hope BF3 iS worth the wait
oh okay
lovin the playlist, discussion and my cup of joe life couldn't ask for better morning!
And Rod B
listening to justins playlists on youtube. #goodmusic right here
maybe, but that's something we need to plan very very carefully, i have no idea how to do it...
no scrapbooking for me- just buying stuff for Terra's art class
lol!! its for a albumn release party....
my mom used to do the exact same thing when I was learning to drive
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY! Woop Woop! We are all very excited over here at BCT!
Thanks for getting the word out!
you got it! When are we going back? I'm ready to plan our next magical vacation!!
Loved "The Interrupters". Alex Kotlowitz/Steve James are gifted storytellers. CeaseFire, are true healers.
appreciate ya love :-*
Man... What a horrible choice. One friend for another.
Everyone around me is so much more fortunate than I am and they don't even know it.......
Wow Rebels, maybe you guys should have put in that full court press a bit sooner?
This damn Moscato!!!!
I hate when someone cries and i cant do anything about it ...
A man in Croatia has taught birds to Tweet. They now have 1 million followers. LOL
Life dangles sleep in my face and laughs as it takes it away. Life is a bitch named Bertha.
hey Big Al could you stomp your big boot right on face ... He's got mad smack to spit about your broncos !!
You're welcome. Thank you for the informative & insightful tweets! : )
Boy watches Smurfs. Girl watches Dr. Seuss on the Loose. Occurs to me that Paul Winchell (Tigger) is also Gargamel and friend of Sam I Am.
Omg I go to the moon
Damn, Captain Beefheart. God rest ye, merry gentleman.
You just signed up today. So, at least you have an excuse. I don't have one. 9 books behind with fingers crossed.
max!!! It's jay. Can't get a hold of you. Are you still coming to wet?
But for really though, I Ain't Mad At Cha!!
- May 23, will be the release of the video, I will keep that in mind no doubt!!
we can still dress you but you may have a lot of tucking in to do with your shirts!
thanks for the follow!
Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, following you too! LOVE WA Wines!
The ball is tipped . . . Happy NCAA tournament day!
congrats holly on ur nom u deserve it what a great experenice luv u
Going to the carnival today!
Nice job!!
Sorry - I just saw this. 2nd time I called received help. Thanks for follow up. Knew amex couldn't let me down.
Are we going to see Dubz after class?
twitter, my love, how ive missed you
This concert is just amazing. Hope all u jazz lovers are watching it or listening
hands down is vanilla ice.
Morning a few hours late & Thank you for the
I seriously can't wait for Common Law to start. It's like Psych, but more violent
Touchy he-man is touchy.
Painting, packing, cleaning.
yes, i had a man this morning while i was getting coffee dressed like a bumb tell me he wanna link up tonight.
I'm sad that my little sister is stuck alone in Chicago because her flight was delayed!
So bored need a break
Actually feel very sorry for Donald Trump's wife tonight. She looks like an old hooker. Can't someone help her dress??
I just finished a 3.29 mi run with a time of 30:31 with Nike+ GPS.
Can't knock the
Yet a man it was, I could no longer be in doubtabout that
Seems likely it will get done. is the best at giving updates if you're interested.
Thanks for the kind words!
literally erica and I were talking about priscilla today and how much I will cry when the closing date got announced and then..
"We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand -- and melting like a snowflake" ~ Marie Beyon Ray
When I feel the need for structure in my life, I listen to
Getting ready to film the first scenes today
@ Supporting Digital Humanities in the Library in Constellation B
HEADS UP: Motorcycle FHP with radar on 95 southbound inside emergency lane between Northlake & Blue Heron.
Who wants MB #Imagine tweets? ;)
Mcnair Gannon Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
We are creating a new page to share our videos and multimedia pieces. Should we use YouTube or Vimeo? What are your thoughts?
I want to generate SQL based on some object's state. Should that SQL-generating code be extension method, partial class, other, and why?
If doesn't come to pittsburgh for his Believe tour I will fly anywhere in the world just to see him.
hey! I know I'm a bit late, but congrats on the puppies(:
Like they know. :-) RT : It's nearly 70 degrees already in the #Denver area. (At least that's what just told me.)
"when and where playa?"
- the Sledgehammer Peter Gabriel?
Unless you the blueberry flavor (:
good question. Makes me question their list quality!
WHY NAWT?! I TOOK A PICTURE!!
My idol in my country & I just came back :( RT : Fun times in the Dominican Republic with the whole family!
Love it! RT : ROI does not mean Remorse Of Inaction.
my Alma material too!!!!
everybody do the tips! you gotta do somthin new
Ozzie says part of the problem is "lost in translation" theme from Spanish to English
I want a girl that can wear the shit out of a head scarf
i hope my bitch does well on SNL tonight
Hopefully! Loved your video. Don't bow to pressure. Peer or otherwise!!!
Very happy for your good news. Fingers crossed that things keep moving in positive directions!
Merry Christmas!
are u from Vegas?
we are working on our album now
Thanks for retweets. Good stuff happening in Sin City
Is there anything DIDN'T win?
What type of frappe do you like?<3 #CarmelAllTheWay :)
Just munched a 'Pink heart' road goodie worth 2 points!
Nashville!! We are playing this Thursday, May 17th at Dan McGuinness on demonbruen with Panfish. Go on at 10 pm! Hope to see u out!
thanks for the follow Megan!
Hello Greta van der Rol. Thank you for your follow.
yes we talked a little this morning :) its nice to able to talk to everyone
oh no! Haha I was sitting there wondering, how do they DO that!?! They covered 80 different topics in 10 minutes :o
Hey , you going to the game tonight? If so, let's meet up.
It's Gonna Be Bombastic Love Everything Is Gonna Be Alright When Im Yours And Your Mine!
If you click the "Get the app" button, it should bring you to the app store so you can download the iOS app.
The excitement in #Vegas is higher than normal with the #iheart Radio Music Fest this weekend! Are you coming?
Best. Movie. Ever. is on. One guess: Toepick.
We are welcoming Spring with open arms! Hurry Spring!
I've been toying with the same idea! The emacs keybindings in VS are just not enough!
Who said that LMAO
you always find the gross things on social media haha
Woah, what an honor to be followed by you Thomas! :) Been a fan for a long time! :)
It shouldn't be too long. The swag god starter kit takes like 5 business days to be shipped
You are likely a better actor :)
likewise, sir! Great 'meeting' ya...
Chillin on it..
Wow. Dismantling.
We want to serve our Hawaiian Poke Bowl to Los Gatos! We are already in Saratoga DT and San Jose DT We Love Los Gatos CA.!!!!!
That's my Thought of the day I'll be back this afternoon to let you know something else.
I agree!! #motivation ": JLo's body is the reason why I exercise 5hrs a day. I want to look like that. #IFBRedcarpet #Oscars"
Being fake is the new trend now, so I guess everyone is in style.
God Morning!! All smiles this am.....!!
Recovery mode..salads and water for the next month
On hold with #BankofAmerica since nothing can be done w/ accts opened in CA in non-CA banks... Seems outdated.
ugh walking around herds of other people... blah. I think a good long bike ride on the beach would do it :D
Thanks boo
I did not achieve this position in life by having some snot-nosed punk leave my cheese out in the wind.
Bout to create the account
My wife, watching Girls: "That couch is from West Elm. Are you impressed with me, or do you hate me?"
Hope everyone is having a great weekend.
Thanks, I'll be practicing civil litigation, so no convictions. But I'll do my best to seek justice!
This is shaping up to be an epic gathering.
Going for photoshoot for famous woman magazine. I look pretty.
I get sketched out by niggas real quick.. Certain circumstances have made me real cautious of my surroundings
Great #Spring day for 's Rule No.1 "There Are No Facts Inside Your Building, So Get Outside" I'll bet there are customers there.
Carol Lam Sr Vp sharing her experiences with leaadership. I'll be sharing snippets of her speech
Heart to heart's with for hours on the phone. So thankful to have him!
tweet, tweet...
Some things are better left unsaid
I plan to run one closer to the actual event so it doesn't get buried beneath newer content!
Stopped by Crosscurrents for a last look. It's so different w/louvers open to let in the natural light! My loss, Berlin's gain.
Don't forget to come next Monday and Tuesday from 12-2 for free massages and candy from Golden Hands Massage!
that is an absolutely insane stat
Carlos Beltran signs with Cardinals
I seriously hope the zit on my nose is an April Fools joke!
Ditto. Taking it tomorrow to Binghamton, NY. Can't wait for hours of R&R.
Hope all is well with your soul.
That's a good question. How is it you're in my feed if I don't follow you? LOL RT : ...trying to figure out why
I am so ready! I love talking to you. :)
The worst feeling is missing somebody and knowing that they don't miss you back.
The only thing missing at Jimmy's is.....YOU! Beer is cold and food is hot!
Sorry to the ones I'm texting. My grammar is awful and I'm taking forever due to fake nails. Lolololol
I AINT HOLDING #GRUDGES IM JUS BEING SMART! IF U DO IT ONCE ULL PROBABLY DO IT AGAIN!
That's not very considerate of your phone. (Seriously, try unplugging your cable modem and router for a couple minutes).
Jus realized the Homey is tweetin from an iPhone. Welcome to the real word sir. Enjoy ur new toy!
the randomness songs be coming to my head lol
Wud B nice 2 offer both. I have intolerances to gluten, dairy & soy... No pretzels 4 me, pass the peanuts!
working with a lot of great people as of late, a new EP is on the horizion...
Welcome #SuperSpecialNewFollower Congrats on your tour - we tweet
what did you think of the foxtails video?
Spinning live on www.danceradio.ca tune in!
its okay to snap at me when your boyfriend is being a bad boyfriend, I UNDERSTAND:]
thanks for the follow, Have always wanted to visit New Orleans. Looking forward to great info.
heading to Pittsburgh with 10 friends to check out the series against the pirates this weekend. Debauchery will ensue.
Just talked to my mom for fifteen minutes before I realized she thought I was my sister because she said things like “I’m proud of you”
you're welcome sexy, I'm good, in a relative sense .. how are you bud?
Em snapped as usual
Its only 9am & this day can already suck it
the coconut cream pie larabar rocks!!!!
I certainly will. It's been really interesting so far.
2nd test - going to try to Tweet from the SHA conference.
Rain just encourages all the stupid allergen factories that call themselves plants.
Oh, okay. is indeed in charge of all their badges. We'll be giving out ours before noon.
probably cuz it sounds so unbelievable :D jk
I also have to say it's the Phantom's Red Death costume.
you were only asking what we all want to know. This was his screwup, not yours. If anybody looks 1" tall in this it's Bo.
will all the candidates show up?
Wow...looking forward to the end result...although the journey is great to follow too...nice to see a team at work!
Need donations of gift certificates (i.e. - national restaurant or retail chain). Will be randomly given to one of our donors. Please help
I'm full; chinese is so damn good.
I already emailed all teachers and the director. :)
I'm available if you'd like to talk about how Smokin' Joe Frazier taught me to knock out business competition. :)
Perfect. Absolutely Perfect. RT Sunday morning = newspaper + coffee
I can´t wait for my birthday! EHEH!!!
I'm excited because we haven't been to the playoffs since 05, but the momentum we had feels gone, #TebowTime now?
Getting rest...Big Day 2morrow Field at Mile High!!!
I REALLY want a donut.
I wish I could have some stuff off of American Pickers
All packed for LA tomorrow!
Now it's broken again.
RT need new iphone already. fml.
that's something that could have been on a Amazon wish list. LOL!!!
tuck in your shirt! oh wait, I'm sorry, HE LOOKS GREAT!
Have you worked professionally in an accent other than your own before?
Work at 7am, cool -___- night !
Indiana seems to be going right at Wiltjer each time down the court.
haha very good! That would be Direct Messages then ;)
Only On The Weekends ^...^
Why not? We're crazy cats with a food blog. We need profile pics for Facebook. That's just the way we roll.
I just wanna know that trying is worth it for once
“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” <U+2015> Oscar Wilde
“: ....Only been about 2 wks and just surpassed my 100th tweet." // You are out of control!!! lol, hilarious
Done, that was easy!
I have to Big U Up 4 High Grade .. I was just being sarcastic but U came on Point ... I will have my save my ? cause U dont Play
Really wish that jQuery would have made the whole attar() prop() switch a little easier.
Please follow My new morning gig with Rick Armon. Still on Green and Gold Today at 9am.
Yayyy for surprise tests! <
could one of the wwe superstar inbox me please got important stuff
It probably doesn't help that they live in boonies where a lot of older docs still seem happy to prescribe away!
Thanks sexy lady! Are you cool with cuddling with you avi at night? No... I'm still gonna do it.
YOJI YA-MA-MO-TO
omg i cant wait for the tour dates im gonna cry
Midterms are in two weeks. My, how time flies!
it's still early bro Indiana got the momentum we good tho
Ladies: I'm not lifting a pinky to be classy; I'm giving you a sneak preview of what you'll see when you get in my pants. O_O
Going to fix my truck that broke down last night! :-( stopping to grab some healthy McDonald's first...
When you go to #class, sprung your #ankle by running up the stairs, then take a written final and pass it. It's been a good day :)
ive noticed that slowly my tweets have gotten more deperessing.
Also feel relieved, that UPS didn't smash it. Never felt like this before, didn't notice how playing music is a meditation for me.
Mick LaSalle says the job of a film critic is first and foremost that of a writer. So true of Ebert.
ps: stopping in your office in 20 min. U there?
Are you ready to "Fall into Fabulous" this November? inbox me on how I can get with you and your girlfriends for the latest beauty trends!
This is crazy, but im kind of excited to see Maná tonight at the at&t center. They are the first rock band i ever listened to in my life!
your harmonies in the new video, nice <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
it all belongs to me
Athens, OH: Fresh crosses!
I think someone forgot to tell the ice cream man that it's November..
he was in their were watching God and think like a man... Fine specimen I might add
In my case did you mean 'awesome mess?
Who and where are you ? Show yourself.
This game has gone on so long that I can recite all the Verizon Center ice dasherboard sponsors... In alphabetical order. Now that's ROI !
Ugh why does it have to be 9:30 already? :/ bout that time for bed gotta be at work by 6 a.m. Ugh!
2) If you want to transfer in a new player that is a diff position than your old player, move the old player to the bench first.
haahaa ! I will. What did u place?
I just revoked a bunch of permissions. I'll have to keep an eye on it and see if it happens again
Young Widows tomorrow night at -early show, doors at 7:30, we play first. Also w/ Paintscratcher & My Disco. $8.00
I have Echofon as well, but prefer to use Twitteriffic.
BIRTHDAY THEME: RATPACK. DETAILS N INVITES TO COME SOON.
#happymonday guys! What'd you do this weekend? Try out ? 6_6
You can't change the past but you can let it go.
Free Bandz in my Double R'z
Big Ang is doin it right
Thanks for RT Liz - have a fabulous day!
The will exceed all your expectations and you'll wish you were Tony Stark!
Trying to refrain myself from tweeting about midterms
it was good!
You unfollowed me? There was no point in following back
BEST KIDS SHOW EVER! Yo Gabba Gabba Live! My daughter even rocked out!
Artie and Blue Iris...what a classic episode of can't stop laughing!!!
My baby said he knows I don't feel good bc I turned down the said I NEVER turn it down!
Why can't people just accept all body shapes? There's no such thing as a 'perfect figure'.
There is a HUGE difference in knowing what you need to do vs DOING what you need to do...
Ok game over. Time for super moon
JK Rowling's new book: the 'Harry Potter' characters react - Washington Post (blog)
There is nothing wrong with hand-me-down clothes, books & toys.
Check out - They have great #dailydeal specials and 10-20% of the profits go to local #SanDiego nonprofits!
Stop by the People Magazine Beauty Bus from 12 to 6 today and Saturday at Walmart in Brownsburg for a makeover, free samples, and...
Hi everyone! We started a new twitter page for The City Center at 735 to encompass our newly transformed commercial real estate complex.
You are an amazing singer.! I listen to your music everyday(; I hope one day you'll notice me, maybe not today, but someday.!(:
The news I just got rite now :(
I'm here for YOU!!! no one, except YOU.
Sunday you shall all witnesses the glory & greatness that is the NY Giants! Lol
I'd been puzzled by the actions (non-actions) of a friend recently and then it hit me-our growths are now in different directions. Change.
Many non-journalists have used new technology to force editors to take them seriously
Finally in vegas.....my wine is yelling from condo....DDRINNKKK ME! Bahahaha
Tomorrow is Susan G Komen, walking 60-miles in 3-days to end breast cancer. 2nd year in memory of my sister Hayley. Follow it at
If I was ever wrong, this moment ain't it
Fuck outta here! U don't know shit bout Italia! #gobacktoChile RT *sigh* I wanna go to Italia
My book came in the mail and I am super stoked to get it out there!
nah man no more. They even had a segment of memories at the end of it
Thank you! It's nice to hear the good stories about citizens who care and who take time to say thank you. Keep up the good work
And Neil Patrick Harris...another husband man crush. If JT shows up it's a hat trick!
Twitter & Instagram always distract me while doing homework..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Watching #sweetiepies and it's a really nice show.
#dogperson all the way :)
=) oh rules. following
I'm sorry. Hope the photo helped some.
hahaha yeahh xDDD we should go swim in August's pool I think it's bigger than mine :D
Brent Burns headed to the box after throwing an elbow to the head of Scott Nichol.
less than 24 hrs til the next episode of 48 Hrs Mystery..this week's episode..The Facebook Detectives...don't miss it!
Want to win two tickets to 's Guys and Dolls? Follow and retweet for a chance to win!
but the thing is i still need someone to go with .
Fuck what I said, it don't mean shit now
#40dollars a paycheck is how much my family puts in my 8 year nephew's college fund. We hope that will pay for 2 years community college.
Y'all know "The Cloud" is just the internet, right?
I utterly regret not trying to get three hrs sleep before coming to the airport
good work you are doing here. Good taste in music. Check out
good luck tomorrow matt!!
QoTD: "Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance." (Confucius)
Can you do a favor for RICARDO AND MEE :D Uhmm go rt my last tweet i did with the blog tv link(:
Some are looking down on a nigga and getting big headed!! I will always be humble!!
aw. I miss you much. Martin Lowe came to my show last night! He even laughed!
I love the beach! I could fall asleep out here!
I'm in the mood for Jack in the Box.
Yes, just sent you email about that! Going with the NJ location because it's closer to Manhattan. Wish we could use yours:-)
thanks man. ERB rules.
Aw thank you. I miss seeing you at cp! I'm gonna stop by soon. (:
Happy Friday To all;)
careful that shit is poisonous, what the hell there is always room for pudding.
Tonight will play at 6pm. Are you a fan?
I'm sick of doing mature adult bullshit. Can iget a break from school yet
GO TRIBE!!!
The Sleeper Pick are perfect ok case closed. bring in the dancing lobsters.
This game is ridiculous so far. Love it.
agreed. Pepsi usually goes hard in the #Superbowl with celebs; cocacola much more creative
“: ... #WIrecall is not just about the Unions” also, polls reporting 39-45% #union households for #walker #wiunion (4now)
go to YouTube and listen to 'Austin long wanted' you will deeply enjoy it!
Two things I don't get in this world: (1) Why women & men butcher themselves with plastic surgery (2) Ted Nugent
People who accelerate to red lights annoy the shit out of me
shit day is all i got to say
When a Bird shits on your older sister ! XD. # yeee payback :D
very nice
I BALLED THE BITCH OUT NOW I GAVE HER TO MY NIGGA CANT TAKE IT NIGGAS CHASEING THEY WONT ME AND MY NIGGAS IN MY KELS CASH VC
You are quite welcome, Jessica, I like your work.
Donny was a gift.
#1 Remembr tweets go everywhere. I fnd u becuz I monitr word paralegal. Unless u send a direct msg, anyone kn rd what u say.
": #TwoThingsThatDontMix Cell Phones & Driving"
RT : RT : Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. Winston Churchill
That's quite a generalization, my friend.
smh. I think there's truth inn the statement that some people actually act their shoe size
Just primed the mantel and knee wall. I think I'm going to love them white! ...then Mark took the leftover primer...I'm mildly concerned.
bring it tomorrow.
RT New Killola EP coming this June called, "NO CLASS" UK tour in June! Lisa working on a new movie in July! Big summer. Huge.
that should be "chief learner". . . sorry for the typo :)
Well, they certainly want you to think so, don't they? So much spin in that policy!
is FIXED!!
Whose raging? An to get a point across, an impact must be made.
When I meet the boyz, I will go up to Julian, Joshua and Louis and ask them “Where are the adoption papers, I’m taking you home with me”
#wiunion #wirecall Shouldn't AP be calling 23 for Kristen? Can I? :-)
oh, thanks - will check!
there's no way that is 200 plus years away. Ten, tops.
Giants score on a fielders choice. #Brewers down 4-1.
Which song?
Is this thing On?? Lol RT : how you like yo eggs Fried or Fertilized??
RT : how 88nine is using social media with their music: Soundcloud, Last.fm, YouTube, Twitter, Wordpress blog
#DrinkLocal dinner at the Governor's Mansion is on point! Too many twitter friends here to even mention, but we are doin it right!
Nothing like Texas HS football “: SportsDayHS releases iPhone app, to offer real-time scoring for high school football”
I'll be reading from The Odyssey. Because I can. And keeping you updated via Facebook, Twitter, etc.as part of the media posse
I see, hows your summer been?
Hot Dog, good work!
People love to throw shade, while you're trying to shine.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool? - Bob
where is this from
Good morning, Beautiful Spirit.
"they weren't kidding when they said FAT Tuesday" cha Ching copywriter?!
bring her over to our house. It's all good.
Bitches feet smell like shit!
Cant wait for the first chapter of Fall For You its gonna be amazing I know it. :) Have fun seeing Burnham tomorrow to :D!
Just got up.......Who at the pool party tonight
I miss my friend Where in the World are you?! Haven't you had enough of the beautiful island life yet?!:)
Mark, thank you for another great article. You are always generous with your experience and really helping to keep other cops safe
I follow because he is the man. He's an Innovator and successful entrepreneur...Thas Y
I'm seriously going to punch him in the face.
I can watch Misfits from beginning to end over & over & over & over again & never get tired of it.
Bout to walk the beach
Getting ready for church......
hey love how u dance at justins concert please follow me! It would me soo much to me thanks!!
I love holiday pay
I like it. Prefer my Canadian Club, however. “: Hey coach, first question how do you feel about Iron City beer?”
are you at the final taping of Oprah?
Some people use "lol" like it's a punctuation mark. I'm not that funny
i put it on everything that it would be you you you you you you, i just want you you you
Wooooohooooo!!! RT I'm coming across the street to find you!!!
#confession one incident can change how I feel about u and look at u. I hardly ever forgive!
Letting the boys run off excess energy in the Micky D's playland - its the lesser of 42 evils!
“: goodnight fellas” goodnight... Up in 5 hours. :/
Feeling lonely? Put a turtleneck on and youll feel like someone's hugging you al day long <U+263A>
MCA, where have you been? Packed like sardines in a tin...
Cd release show this Friday for "caves" at house of blues parish room! RT if you are coming!!! Meriwether plus Maps and Makers are first!
and of course I forgot to start him.
hey hows your tour going. im looking forward to seeing you next year in san diego .say hi to the rest of the guys for me;)
Special guests...
With all of this talk about Jets players restructuring their contracts its seems inevitable that Nnamdi will sign there
Done! Whats up !
Girl I just wanna see Strip
I just miss you heaps and bunches <3
fantastic. haystacks, dogg. haystacks.
honored, and we agree..“Nothing like some loud blasting Mannequin Men thru my headphones to drown out loud teens and their cell phone music.
follow back
it's been crazy busy but good. Yours?
Thanks. I think my fingers are bleeding.
With some of the heavy calls that come in, it HAS to be very stressful sometimes....
Still no dice. Have to be at the 'Tute:45, and Im on Munch'n'Mingle duty.
WOW! Thank you for following us at
Nope he snuck over here
That damn Vantage.
aren't all MLB players overpaid?
UC Bearcats take the first game!
The weather can stay like this forever
PLIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIS FOLLOW ME AND ANSWER!!
its surprising to know just how many tears are in the human body.
It slightly disturbs me my daughter knows the whole Cleveland show song smh
as I tweeted earlier... This summers movies are going to be great!
helping roxie unpack and clean
Favorite expression in GHOSTBUSTERS II: Dan Aykroyd referring to 9-year-olds as "yuppie larva."
Yea, I have tickets already. You?
RT : Obama on ABC: wnt giv tax cuts 2 ppl who dont "need" them.>and he is the authority that get 2 determine who needs them?
unless you have a hot accent or can sing, gtfo. ;)
Youll have to tell me who the DBS girl is :)
right? how hard is it to type in 140 char and click send? and what's that take, 20 seconds if you edit?
My pleasure. RT : Thanks for putting out the word for us
It's raining on my little jungle. We're safe, inside, under our own tin roof.
" I can throw out any man alive."-Johnny Bench
And I had no idea Casa Bonita was a real place.
i been working alot lately. dont wanna slow either. i need to stay busy. matter fact i need a 2nd job. im tryna move out.
Making moves... Always thinking 4 moves ahead
Benefits of urban jogging for the easily bored exerciser: evening traffic can be turned into a human version of Frogger.
I will. I hear you on the limited budget. Have you looked into any travel grants through your NAFSA region?
I've asked this a million times but why all the slurping on twitter??
Thanks will try it tomorrow
Many to choose from ... just not enough lightning
I ran to Adair and she kicked right into the side of my knee it cracked and buckled in <U+E059>i cant walk
Hahahaha DO IT.
MT : is reporting Rick Santorum is suspending his campaign. << Ahh...finally! I can't believe any1 ever listened 2 this guy
any legit graphic designers out there ??
just finished the table read for this weeks episode. Went well.
Haha. You're funny. Too bad won't see this to respond!
Gary Busey frightens me. I would move to Canada just to lessen the chance of ever running into him.
Once when I was a kid, I saw a dead Rabbit in the road,its mate standing over it.as if praying,that is when I first felt true compassion.
If u drink more than 1 grey goose are u drinkn grey geese?
Big showdown in 2 weeks against #10 River Valley who just beat Brod-Juda.
morning...I'm up bright and early...
I freaking HATE follow limit, there are so much ppl worth following lolz <3
Kentucky Breakfast Stout on tap today only. - $6 drafts till they're gone.
If u only knew how bad i want u
The word is out. The world is operations based. Start high (systems) dive small (code).
"A man is rich in proportion to the number of things he can afford to let alone."-Henry David Thoreau
Im bummed out. really.
lets do this
thats not far from me....enjoy seeing the largest whiskey bottle ever on display. Have a sip for me...lol.
I want to send me a Bongo gift card, so I can get some new jeans!
Just got off work. I think I'm going to clean up a bit and then practice my violin =)
Put a damn shirt on.
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 21
sittin here board
Art of almost
Nialls waiting for his princess and im waiting for my prince charming ! Coincidence I Think Not !!! :D
oh lol.....sometimes the sex is worth it lol
not yet we only had 2 shows so far in the north east. Our next show is at the uaca hall right off broad.
And then he puts down the menu and says he'll be back in a few days...
Have a great time at , both of you!
Aw i guess
Do you see the promos and shit before, after, and during the games? The huddle mic etc? All Heat and All onesided bullshit!
thank you for following us, let us know if NorthStar can be of service to you in your future travels
Hungry for a fish fry and don't want the long wait on Friday? We have our Mexican Fish Fry every night! Check out our new Haddock Fillets!
They blocked me from reading the newspaper -__- what is this!?
I can't decide if I just need someone to talk to or if I want to be left alone indefinitely.
Wow, kicked ass tonight! Too bad he didn't sing My Hometown
Spring break is still on my mine. I need to get back into the mode of grad school.
Is that the one where "Birdman" attempted a dunk roughly 28 times?
Thanks for the #iheartmylibraries love. Now I want a latte.
6 At which theology had these questions for Cain, "Why are you enraged, and why is your pride hurt?
Can we play #TigerBingo here? If so my beef is how SLOW Jaquin Benoit pitches. Someone needs a tase.
I'll call you after 9 about where to meet. Thx!
Thanks for the tip!
i followed you (:
I love seeing ur posts during Steelers game. It gets me rowdy lol
Was psyched to hear #PearlJam played "Jeremy" on Fallon ... till I heard the #Linsanity tribute. "At home ...shooting free throws?" Come on!
Today i saw a midget wearing a t-shirt that said "I'M A GIANT"
Technical Luncheons May 10 and May 18, 2012 - American ...
THANK YOU, #TimTebow! I have been greatly entertained by you this season. Congratulations on your play-off debut!
Wish I knew something about cal O besides he's from PHX. Anyone?
she misses You as much i do.
the superbowl is gonna suck smh!!
how long are you in vegas?
dang you go hard
#Google+ video chat: a thing that does not work well even when #CNBC is counting on it. But until getting bumped off near end, it went well.
Ricky Gervais is bout to bring the ruckus
- are you also the owner of ? If so, I have a question. Can you follow me, and I'll send you a DM with my question. Thx!
Netflix has taken more days and nights of mine than I should care to remember!
i want the T Pain microphone!(:
would love to chat about ... Email is more efficient > :)
Leaving the baseball game and look and there is a car on fire on the side of the rode
The bigger venues we all get escorted out even if we have tickets to review the show.
wasp on my jazz band class D: he'll no.
BE GREAT TODAY!!!!
LMAO ": #ShoutOut to them armless niggas with a chip on their shoulder"
my daughter has succumbed to the HP society at her school and peer pressure and is reading harry potter book 1
lol. No. But after seeing the show. I can finally admit it via social networks.
"I LIKED"
Cafe owner says 'you guys are good, so don't worry about paying for anything' now if only a label would say that...
I really like where your tweet's at, If anyone needs me I'll be in my vault...preparing
I dunno.
Repubs: cut teachers and firemen; lower taxes for the Romneys; ditch seniors' programs; war w/ women; bully gays; claim to prioritize jobs.
My dream job. So inspired to learn that this is happening // RT Undocumented youth attend Freedom University. co/k8AHGMxo
How is everybody doing?
RT All my followers that love and miss me so much should get me Snappers or Chef Creole when I come home.> when you coming
Happy to hear u talking abt #designentrepreneurship last night! Congrats on your very impressive project!
Finally at work.
Ima through up if I keep working out and drinking water....
How are you world peace but hit a defenseless person...so this is what the world is coming to?
Yes. We're going to be pushing out some changes in just a moment to make things work more smoothly during the rebuild.
Let me know how you like it.
#ff thank you much support!
Incredible! Get paid to read emails, try new products, take surveys,
Kinda want to take out my monroe..
Whats good bro!
Enjoying for the third time this week. Too much? Never. Easily the best cupcakes in SD!
Just a fan. Let me know if you want the handle and give me an email addy. cc
Are you coming to the Rickshaw stop party?
Al Michaels has a very annoying voice. Anyone else agree with me?
Trying to figure out how to better manage the company twitter account.
when u talk shit about only fucking wit niggas from another city just makes u an out of town hoe
At The Grove Kmart checking out Dream Out Loud. First five who go to Customer Service & show this message retweeted/liked will shop with me!
watching house<3 love this show
#LetsGoGiants! In Eli Manning We Trust!
hey man how r things going? sorry to bother u lol but did u get a chance to start a song- im so eager to get back 2 studio:)
Only in the D will the waitress put you in check and tell you she loves u #gangstawaitress lol
80's fashion is slowing coming back
RT : Now BUSH wants you to buy his book on "economic growth"/Irony & Comedy! But certainly CANNOT be serious!
The awkward moment when Austin is your world but to him you're just another fan.
lol lil kid: told his dad i dont like skinny jeans dad: why? Lil kid: cuz that mean i would have 2 cut off my balls i dont want 2 be a girl
Yes!! RT : saw some cream ales at tables this weekend...and the lager was flowing like wine...
I have a Asian cousin o.o
IU Informatics/Computing sneak peak is very cool. Now back to Maddy for lunch and more Science Olympiad.
Once they see you doing better without them, that’s when they want you_*
whoo! Cheering you on!
There is nothen better then laying in bed eatin and listening to
Heartfelt speech by Meryl.
Who wants to go get ice cream <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>
well and I use to live together as well!
Reading Nikos Papastergiadis in The #Migrant's Time - Rethinking #arthistory and
oomf is talkin out their ass. No literally
Travel to ABQ from DC today. All systems go!
Vegas is great. I've been trapped in Caesar's Palace for 3 days. I can't find the exit.
That awkward moment at a show when you lock eyes with a dude you think is , and take a second too long to realize it's not him.
Thanks for sharing -- underestimated and under-marketed... sounds familiar.
Ariana never let's fame get to her. She's still the same sweet, silly girl from Boca Raton, FL. She's still the same Ariana Grande-Butera<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I have to be up for school.. In 5 hours. And I'm stuck in this hospital room, and I still haven't seen the doctor.
Working in the Voluntary Sector
thanks! the show w was awesome!
Katy Perry got the best first LOOK.
T,I
More #rwtastingcrew reactions to '09 Pelter Trio: pungent in my mouth, assertive, evolved in the glass, not too fruity.
Some say twitter is for narcissists. I say its for staying away from people that are on Facebook.
hanging with me lol
Congrats on making cheer! That's awesome! You're supperr pretty, btw! xx
Headed to the Chicago Spring Classic this weekend in Waukegan to watch several Wisconsin teams participate in a strong event.
Gandhi's statement "Be the change you want to see in the world" takes on a whole new meaning with www.IamINC.biz
This is tomorrow?
that awkward moment when your mother is the only person who constantly 'likes' your work FB site
Accomplished one goal--MW Publishing is going to publish my book. Goal for this year--finish writing it!
Free my car! Free my car! Everybody now
Blue Devils baby!
'American Idol' Recap: Pia Kills, As James Weeps
why would anyone every buy seeded grapes?
Great weekend and now I have a long week of work ahead of me
nope just love <3
Me too. I pretty much stick to the same shades of pink :P
I would do most anything to get you right by my side
Are y'all seeing Cardinals Live instead of #Rangers Live on FSSW?
So I think our NYC wkd needs a hash tag...
As do I.
Wearing a jacket by necessity...loving this DC weather!
yea they are I love watching both of them play but when they play eachother I root for the Thunder.
Hope everyone is having a great day!!!!
Filming my episode of Heroine Legends today!!!
love you too
I agree! and I'm sure it looks great. It is just hair it will grow back.
OII conference is #OII10, join us! also webcasting the keynotes. I'm on at 3:15gmt, about an hour and 45 min from now.
but the truth is that rice swells nicely to 2.5 times the volume of dry when introduced to Prosecco and broth.
I want your skull! I need your skull!!!
On a lighter note, says my new #iPad arrived in Portland this afternoon. Here's hoping I have it before noon tomorrow.
Thoroughly enjoying it so far (the tracks I've gotten through, anyway).
I can't thank you enough. Ppl camp out early to get tickets, gadgets, etc. I'll be camping out to be 1st in line for your book.
It seems like he is saying his own misfortunes and decisions are really to blame. Is exercise a failure b/c I choose to overeat?
your video of calme maybe is owsome<U+E022>
she hadn't had one since she was born
horror short tomorrow yay! cant wait to get bloody :) :)
Hit em up
Motor oil is pretty amazing
There are two primary choices in life; to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them. ~Denis Waitley
lol yeah dude is ugly weak ass
Colorado Springs bound...for two days at the OTC with & !
Don't blame lack of value on Roseman. Blame Castillo for inability to scheme successfully w/Asante n Nnamdi. And Andy for Castillo as the DC
I love godPawn like no other band I've heard!
it only should show when you are clicked onto a timeline post so no-worries
You know what I am bout to have a good time
Those of us who couldn't be there have really appreciated your tweets! Keep 'em coming!
Watching Diary of a Mad Black Woman....
Life does not cease to be funny when people die; any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh.
I love but Boston is number 1 in my heart.
sounds good!
Furiously working away at belated Mother's Day post!
Thank you!! We are currently working on 3 more in the series, influenza, tornados and extra-solar planets. Stay tuned!
Goodnight all. I have to sleep, because tomorrow's awaits me very important meeting that it depends on my future. Keep your fingers crossed!
Be wary of bad pedicurists...
Someone wana hook me up with a ghost recon beta code? pm me please
im wide awake lol
that sounds very odd. and sweet?
yeah I'm not, I'm brilliant ;)
Giving birth to a golden idea feels round. You round it out!!The curved rainbow to gold! Magic pi. Like the round natural womb.
-loyalty is a priority; something real cant & won't be denied.. told my L dot Favors that's im down for the ride.. 5yrs of his life!!
Lana del Rey announces shows at The El Rey. Anyone see what she did there?
Dope Boy Make mo Money Than Teachers ona Cool
no she's just southern
i did this done that but what can i say. ill fuck you, fuck you i am what i say.
Celebrate Mother's Day at Ward's! We are open this Sunday from 4pm - 7pm Free glass of house wine & dessert for Mom
#love cant wait for the next episode!!!
SAVE THE DATE - NEXT GENERAL MEMBERSHIP MEETING - MILWAUKEE CHAPTER - JUNE 29, 2010
come over to Mitch's
The best books have love scenes! Preferrably with lots of nice kissing!
So beautiful... I think you should work at with me :-)
I dm'd you my url.
27 days to go. Was able to spread the word at todays WAG-TAG meeting. Thanks Kevin!
We love Oak Street Beach RT : Q1 #Foodiechats What would be your most favorite #Beach in the world to have a
think i left my jacket there when playing pool with chris. See u tonight to see if there.
hahahah you are so funny, but I was adorable! :)
I'm reading that too! can't put it down. The scene with sasha crying in a pile of coke on the floor is a little much though
RT : BALLGAME!!!!!! TRIBE WINS THE SERIES AGAINST THE RANGERS!!!!!!!!
Thanks for the RT!
way to sweeten the deal! I'll make you go to a game. Hope you like tailgating.
Cleverness is not wisdom.
“Ray, when someone asks you if you’re a god, you say ‘YES’!” Ghostbusters (1984) (Winston Zeddemore)
What a sweet surprise I received today! I feel so loved. Somedays I'm amazed by humanity
SMOOTH FLOORS AND SOCKS.
FYI - that was just for the NACA video was talking about, not in general.
Bug 3 min before the weekend. Couldn't someone have broken it a few hours ago?
Best day ever: sitting with a student's parents as the student wins a scholarship and her mom teared up.
#mudmelt chase: let's let go!
HUMANS are MOSTLY MADE OF WATER....CLEAN WATER DOES A BODY GOOD.....
somehow I knew that.
Hey everyone! I started a new #dance twitter account in connection with a dance blog! follow me therefor better updates!
Don't use the mess like furniture... DON'T lay on it.. DON'T sit on it... DON'T even lean up against it... Continued next tweet
We hope you have a great weekend!
Tell KLG that Hoda will stop being focused "going for Olympic Gold, Like an Olympian" when KLG goes to a movie ALONE.
Hi how are you :P
Those guys are sick!
U were the. First person followed me hehe
More commercials with Snoopy in them please.
Lol is that your "im so sexy" face ?
No packer game = working the daily grind of projects!
Um, more emotion...
Please follow me please good morning from Miami,Florida thousand much love kisess for you mommy
uhm m twitter is messed up! i cnt c any tweets but thnks 4 the follows guys!
agreed! #socents play a great role in #data collection, interpretation, #affordable #access &
Great list! The Bulgakov is one of my all-time favorites, and I too read Gombrowicz this year.
Really should delete you plastics
got my first migraine in years yest so spent the day trying to sleep. not an ideal 1st day in melbourne. up n at em since 5AM now.
#FF this dude is an extremely generous dude
Getting some inspiration from Norma Rae! Awesome movie night at #StationFast!
Happy valentines day to my fellow fitness people! Create something memorable today :)
We have to say, it's a beautiful day out here. It makes us motivated to get lots of work done!
I swear I want to kill him. She broke my best friends heart and he is so not going to get away with it.
That one parent who textes you a million times a day. I mean I love you & all but I need a break.
who is call me maybe for? :))
Hitting these 3's are great to catch up with, but how about some stops to stretch a lead and force Cuse to push themselves harder?
Hate when I walk into a game to see a run was already scored and I have no clue how
“: all day every day because we go ham lol damn how long have we kept these jokes going?”
Stay strong. Strength is contagious.
Come hang out w/ FITzee and lots of other great locals at on 5/10! We'll be at Bliss 101 in Encinitas from 6:30-9pm!
my girl wants to party all the time party all the time party all the time... lol #EDDIE MURPHY
smart thinking. I fully intend to do that rather soon, however, I may be lucky and 'inherit' a car from my fiancee's sister.
I do not like seeing my friends stressed and upset.
#Cranberries juice or 500 mg of extract may prevent #urinary tract #infections. Do not use with #blood-thinning medications.
"dont get close to her, she has a long tounge" #thingsmybrothersays #awkward?
Nite #MediaChat and thank you again and for a great chat! Time to go play! :)
thanks. Get a lot done tomorrow!
Wish I could stay in my bed...it's so comfortable <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Real recognize real......n you #frontin C'mon son (in my Ed Lover voice)
"I decided long ago Never to walk in anyone's shadow ... Learning to love yourself It is the greatest love of all"
Discussing all the Lions options as we get closer to the draft. 248-848-1130.
Just watched "Snow Flower and the Secret Fan" on Netflix.
The Lions are really doing well in free agency. Probably the most aggressive team so far this off-season.
Do you know what this W means!? It means The #Rangers can not sweep us! Phew.
Everyone please call 1-855-864-2303 to vote for Michigan native Tony Lucca () so he wins The Voice. He is amazing!
I was visiting that college remember (:
I also wish Brandon would atleast text me... he's murdering my heart right now with how distant he has become... (more so then normal).
Librarian as participation-whisperer Buffy Hamilton
preachpreachpreachpreachpreach. PREACH IT!!
Same here! I have been busy lately so i couldn't get on but now i'm here! Where are the other wives?
partners tomorrow? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
happppppyy birthday girl
Q: Do you have a celebrity doppelganger? Who is it?!
A hammer can help make a house or break a Window. Don't hate the tool, learn to wield it #twitter :)
I hope u are playing on sat since it is the last home game
look what you've done -_-
108 in vegas today KMA on the dry heat crap, it's f'en hot!!!
Waiting for BEP, watching the wall of twitter
Frances Lennie keynote: compares indexing to portraiture-indexers to artists
Real Estate market foreclosures become REOs. Keep watching for upcoming info to get a free 100 page all inclusive report of how buy REOs.
Did you a particular journalist in mind re those traits?
"We looked! Then we saw him step in on the mat! We looked! And we saw him! The Cat in the Hat!"- Happy Birthday
Dont ask why
yes 10PM est
haha nice! I'm never drinking again!
Holy Cow, so weird to hear Digger pay Cal a compliment
why don't u go ahead and fuco
Looking for a Fathers Day gift what am I going to get Dad???
Maybe not. How about Tomorrow, time for the GYM tomorrow
when you make videos & post them in land you have no idea if it matters. Once in awhile a subscriber will remind you it does!
I'm pulling for a player/coach Peyton Manning deal. RT :
It's ok to try new things. My adrendline arrouses from new experience
It's "baby powder" hot in New York City today... If you don't get it don't worry - inside joke...
excited to have many hall of famers at the fanfest, including yourself, Chief Jay Strongbow, "The Million Dollar Man" + more!
maybe it's me and my blind optimism to blame, or maybe it's you and your sick need to give love and take it away.
yea I am
if u don't mind me asking, how big r ur plugs
Welcome new followers and The Reader Lines !. People who read always have something interesting to say.
#MoneyTeam $$$ Chase my dream team ,
We need to set the basketball court back up in this studio
Some chick answered and I'm thinking no one cares about the clicking. Three years ago. Right click and copy and you're gonna lie.
I was and didn't even realize it was for you guys! (I was distracted by food trucks.)
So much to do....no motivation....
Actually I taught Yoga to teens at the Mohican Juvenile Correctional Facility-those kids were awesome!
Be an advocate for the types of environments, experiences, and relationships that infants and toddlers need in order to thrive
awesome knowledge to have.
you guys don't understand how small they are!!!!
I LUV JUSTIN BIEBER!
how did I manage to miss that part of the Internet?
Ther's a lot of You in my head .
I hear laughter. RT : BREAKING: New poll finds Santorum with a slight edge among women in ankle-length gingham jumpers.
Dallas-OKC Game 2 coming down to the wire, just like Game 1. Westbrook has 29, still not sure about his shot selection at times...
We are currently using technology to educate kids on preserving nature - video blogging
bye! Safe travels! Miss you already ;)
Thank you! We appreciate your RT's
ohh okay c; how's is joseph?
Today is the big day
In the meantime, I want to share coverage. The press hasn't been 100% accurate, but they all raise awareness about the office :) ...
Wow, just RT-blessed two of my tweets over the last 20 mins. I feel special.
we noticed you work with SBA Loans. Do you you need help with your environmental reports? We perform them nationwide!
RT : Omg!! This rec is one of many ones lol! ...<yeszir I agree bro lol
Happy New Year, everyone! We're open both days this weekend: Sat 6am-4pm, Sun 10am-6pm. Stop in for a good start to the New Year!
Problem is tax breaks go to the rich and powerful, spending supports many vital programs. Guess who wins with GOP? They just suck!
Tickets for show I want to see on AEG Live supposed to go on sale at 10AM. Now 10:25. Can't buy tickets yet. Not cool.
i learned alot about myself. i am a strong, stand up individual that takes care of my business regardless of how painstaking it may be.
<U+200E>..Still waiting on a top member of the crew to recover from surgery... Then, it's back in the lab! We await &and's speedy recoverey!
Keep looking to Me and communicating with Me, as we walk through this day together.~ Jesus Calling
we're starting to promote your Minneapolis show - on our radio show, FYI - God bless
Awesome! I'm glad it arrived. :)
Love ya !!
just hope your heaven sent and your hell proof.
RT Congrats to Jason Varitek for a great career. He is redsox baseball!
Income inequality in America is the worst it’s been since the 1920s, as the richest 1 percent make nearly 25 percent of the country’s income
That's the other piece I'm juggling. You're right, either way it's a lot of time. But a great story for reward :)
even with Tress at the helm it's tough to root for the Colts. I wish the best for him.
Lots of #NASCAR fans, drinking since this morning, are less worried about passing out now.
Now starting biology project
Philip Humber makes for a bright afternoon in all of Well done, sir!
thanks and welcome to
Thank You Bess for the interview! I can't wait to see it! Let's keep in touch.
The U.S.-Chinese Film Agreement concluded today and will offer unprecedented opportunities for the U.S. Independent film industry in China.
Mike ’s Early View of the News April 24, 2012 Android and Windows phones with gorgeous displays Samsung Galaxy Nexus Cnet rating: 4.
Gearing up for Mix Nashville at the Sound Check
My #VW CC says it needs airbag service. What does that mean? And is it safe to drive until I can get it fixed?
Car Seat Expiration Dates: Keep Your Baby Safe by leahlefler
Another grate night cooling for wonderful people! #1930sfeast great food great wine great evening
Our new LGBTQ and Allied network launches this Fall! Catch us at Disney Gay Days this Sat and a red carpet event at the W Hotel on Sun!
When your parents don't appreciate the hilarious kid they've been blessed with
If I get to 30 followers I'll reveal a secret ;D
Going to NYC in June. If it's anything like the show #Girls, I expect to see ZERO black people.
For a place that's supposed to have breakfast anytime Wawa sucks. Doughnuts don't count on the mto screen as breakfast.
Thanks for the mention on #FF!
Pretending I'm not jealous of everyone who's at Coachella tonight.
well that one on Gibson is in easy driving distance..
Break a leg!
Anyone having any fun and unique ideas for hard to find fetish clips, get at me, I'll do it! ;)
The push to name the house to the landmark list follows an attempt to turn it into 12 apartments.
Do you have a sweet office? Would love for us to blog about your digs.
If I REALLY spoke my mind I'd probly shatter a few dreams, lose my job, lose 50% of my followers, & have to look over my shoulder constantly
RT : Congrats ! Officially a Hall of Famer!!!
A hand has five fingers so what you said has to be checked my dear Childish. ~ Mature
I'm done! Now it's time for me to go stand my ground.
i act so stupid sometimes lol
I accidentally quoted Socrates in conversation tonight and was called on it.
It's better to feel something than to feel nothing
Home & Garden show live right now on #KSTP. Lots of ideas on how to improve your home... and awesome flowers.!
yeah I agree. It will be really soon.
Wondering....any chance is a die-hard Steelers fan? #Godhasasenseofhumor!
Be yourself, no one better! (Selena Gomez)
The Rangers are the new Yankees.
anyways, I am in class now; I will call them tomorrow.
I'm over 40, but is it too late to get in the business and what's the best way to break in or get my foot in the door?
A bag of funyons and full metal jousting, perfect environment to do the paper
“Need of the week: men’s and women’s belts (all sizes)”
Sunday night before finals week! Do awesome work
Found the train. I haven't been to DC in 40 years, this should be interesting.
RT Even the richest soil, if left uncultivated will produce the rankest weeds. Leonardo De Vinci
- I went to a precon on drupal at ALA you put on. My library is about to go through a costly #drupalfail have sec to chat 9-16?
you can follow #seahawks FA signee Zach Masch at
The most prominent challenges mortgage bankers must focus on are their ability to maintain market share.
Illegal Money Make Legit Niggas Quit Shit
is so cute!
#OneWordWednesday ADAPTATION = we wouldn't be who we are w/out it in so many ways. mentally, emotionally, physically( FEET! )
E im so sorry to anyone i talked to tonight at senior night. Im so tired and in such a bad mood :( if i was rude i didnt mean it at all :X
You didn't even ask me :/
yes I do
#WeWontWork if you act like a woman. Your a man. Act like a fucking man. I know I do. Sheesh!
mike jones lol
My head may or may not explode within the first hour.
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 29
Welcoming Members from who Signed-up for the #MastersPOV #Cinematography Conference today! Exciting Times!
oh my gosh my tweet was in one of the la times blog hahaha
best of luck at the masters!
got somethin for ya princess
Would have loved to hear you and your mom at USC. Any other talks scheduled in LA?
We should illustrate this.
Fuck I was good for awhile! Get unfollowed 4 swearing. Dont follow then I just dont give a fuck! GO
RT Another great way to help #habitat is to be a homeowner mentor! Email us for more information
I have the urge to put on a funny hat, go to OTB and bet on the derby this weekend.
Cutting out parts of dreams before telling ppl ><><>
please not tomorrow. I have to have them tomorrow for dress Rehersal for a grade. ):
I cant get a follow from the great jj
IM JELLY TAKE ME
Weird dream filled with Wikipedia, , and NPR.
The most shocking thing about that was the "featured writers" section with photos. I guess those people gave up a long time ago.
#worlds50best restaurant awards last night London. 47 of 50 chefs on the list are present. The 3 no shows? Francais. Is that a surprise?
We actually sat on the deck tonight, enjoying a glass of wine in the waning workweek day. Much needed downtime!
JZELL MUSIC EVERYBODY!!!!!
er, no. Ruud announcing retirement is a stab in the chest for Netherlands and gives Portugal better chance
I hate Walmart! -____-
Good morning! Time to get productive :)
BOY YOU WISH YOU WAS SOO COOL AS US BUT YOU ISN"T IS NOT!
Don't worry if you're single. God is looking at you right now, saying, "I'm saving this one for someone special."
I think what I just did to get away from that spider could qualify as parkour.
What a great start for your granddaughter!
Does Tampa bay know they are playing the colts?
All I want is you <3
Media coverage of the tour, including ’s play-by-play, helped shine spotlight on ’s work as cultural ambassadors
whats up bout to have pancakes bacon and cheesy eggs and going to see the women in black with my dad
When did Christmas week become errand week? The truck is in for maintenance and I'm calling a plumber.
morning gamers !! Chronicle was a great movie !!
oh sure, kick me when I'm down. NO TIME for TWEET JOKES!
this mean u RT : If a certain husband DID NOT sign up for CLUncon, I bet he regrets turning off my tweet notifications!!
lol at carol
Tuna noodle casserole & fresh slaw in observance of #AshWednesday, served with love by our Wednesday Golden Girls...& a side order of hope
that's something you might not never know nothing bout
Happy New Year to all of my fellow photographers, friends & family... all models in their own way.
no sir we still have sms, google+, and telegram left
Ditto. If not, I know what I'm doing during my lunch hour tomorrow.
ur thoughts on Brandon Roy retiring
#TheWorstFeeling is when yu just start dating a girl and find out that she doesn't wanna have sex til she's married lol. RT if yu feel me.
Going to my grandmas to help clean
Hatch is hiring for entry-level sales reps in the MKE area! Contact us today for details!
aka needs to come to UCLA or I'll throw a tantrum and eat Diddy Riese instead.
worry about my egg Bruh na i got this girl fixing it for me
Glad to see that VCU won their game last night.
Any Hollywood adaptation of an Asian film is the equivalent of Michael Bay adapting anything.
All the complaining about Bigby's play. No one saying anything about Harrell's play!! Oh wait, what play?! Keep Bigby!!
Let a pimp know. RT : ": Beer and boobs" where at nigglet I could drink some beer and look at some boobs lol
If Al Pacino walks in this NJ deli shop with an Uzi I'm dead!
The more city residents that follow us, the more effective we'll be. Please recommend us to a friend or neighbor. Have a great weekend!
my step dad has more mood changes than a hormonal pregnant lady..
if any guy who watches WWE ever gives me shit bout watchin soap operas I'm going 2 make them wear spandex underwear & give em a wedgie
I am at Giordanno's and I just got a coppa while I watch the Penguins game. Where is ?
I always knew I was never going to be a professional bull fighter, but that's not why I did it.
my mom isn't a big fan of flowers :/
Your Milan mention appears to be overwhelming IHSAA system. IHSAA now looking to implement 4-IT-Server class system.
Don't believe in everything you read. Don't believe in everything you see. Now, do you believe in what you just read?.
i want a snuggie.
my thoughts exactly.
RT : ROI isn't always about money, but also should incorporate the effort of you and your staff.
not yet, most schools will get back to me around mid-march; I've got acceptances in San Diego and Michigan but FIU waitlisted me
i love it! Hey um can we actually hang out because I really miss you kthnxbye
lol. It could've been possible
thanks! She will be near The British Museum, London University/ NYU center. So happy for her, but...arghhh, so far away!
I realli can say if im on my phone i am more thank likely on twitter draw something or google #fuckatext lls
yeah buddy! Great to hear from ya!
Someone please get me a job. I'm not kidding, anything. -__- #desperate #imsobroke <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B8>
#WorstBreakUpExcuses food has all my love and you deserve to be loved
Honestly not sure I'd agree. Delta+NWA actually seemed to have gone down smoother and those two were bankrupt.
And a great cause ;-) #LALA RT In LA for event on Sunday. Great food and drink. 30 chefs.
i want a carters hot dog so bad :'(
I hate it when we play sports in pe and our team loses then everyone gets pissed off at me when i didnt do anything -.-
.dang <3 I'm ready for this.
you should catch some of the PBR (pro bull riding)Finals! Supposedly best weekend and busiest in Vegas
Why do people feel the need to tell others where they're going/what they're doing when nobody asked? It's nice, but unnecessary sometimes...
#Follow back - btw, what you up to?
i would but im on follow limit...when im off, when ever that is ill follow u back:)
everyone go follow him!!
please follow me ple3ase
Woohoo Skills Challenge Champ!!
This Saturday's Gallery Walk is going to be one of the best of the year. Check "Events" or our wall on facebook. And bring a friend!
I DO IT FOR TRANSGENDER WOMEN ALL OVER!
We rented a van (thanks to the jerks who tried to steal ours and broke it), and are heading to Bloomington, IN tonight for a show at Bear's.
nothing but women thats all i have to say letz go
Someone just asked me if the Stanley Cup is like the Super bowl… oh vey…
Slave ass Kobe face lmaooo
never been there. Let's think about going! Pencil me in. Haha
playlist and random and during lol
I just don't feel like using it right now
RT : Success comes from good decisions. Good decisions come from experience. Experience comes from bad decisions.
So exhilarating starting my #FeelRich morning with Zumba.
Headed up to Port Washington to setup for Mother's Day Brunch! It's gonna be a good one! www.sazs.com
Your guards will not be up forever...
Significant boost for life sciences education at #RIT to be announced tomorrow. Join us 1:30 pm in Gosnell Hall!
My Dreams are slowly becoming a reality! Where's Freddy?
"Riggo on the Range" the chef John Riggins are you kidding me
lmao! Minding my business! Lol visiting! Where r u?!
Finally some rain.... now you won't feel guilty about sitting in a dark tavern drinking beer and eating fried chicken!
some one is mad at me what the fuck i do now bro
I'm unlinking my TWITTER from my FACEBOOK... U just gone hv 2 follow me <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Oh yeah! We're the life of the partay partay ah ah the life of the partayyy. Lol, sorry FTSK is stuck in my head! :P
that wasn't directed at you, you aren't the only ignorant person on my tl, that types with no common sense
I can actually see in class
Communal learning: Baldridge sent students out, he texted prompts, students posted responses to the class blog.
that's cheap
agreed. Wait and see... again.
Is there info for this amazing vintage purge online that I'm missing? I'd love to promote if it's open to public!
I still can't stomach much food and I had 1 beer last night that almost killed me
i'm finally off after working since 2. time for some Amigos with emily :)
such a pleasure to meet you at the AMA Gift Lounge. Hope you are enjoying the Beatle pic. Kerry from
Does anyone have a gifboom?
can't meet tonight but will see ya while I'm in town for sure
Live like Spongebob and Patrick. Laugh out loud everyday for no reason and annoy the people you hate with your happiness.
Funcussions are awesome
Thanks for coming. Hope you enjoyed the Nitrocream experience with Chef Mitch to cap off your evening.
Heard your amazing voice for 3hours and 5minutes last night! Love falling asleep to your voice replaying in my head. Love you(:
#InstantTurnOn Nice Smile :)
Finally saw The #Avengers. Fistful of awesome. I can't even explain how well Joss Whedon did with that film.
that's brilliant!
I'll gladly pay you $4 for answers today. (That's four, count 'em, four smackers, in your pocket. No one has to know.)
Wow these girls at the library kept staring at me. I felt like i was going to be raped or something•.•
Maybe, although I was still up at 4, I took care of the kitty, then napped on the couch, THEN logged into the 'puter.....
Welcome to California, right?
Full moon tonight... let's see if Maggie makes her appearance early or if the full moon myth is false.
Do you have a blueprint, a map for success? Get it now and save yourself time & $$ www.ProfitOnline101.com
If the Vice-President of the United States should die, who would be President?
I wonder how many people have sex on prom night
Mom: Luke you need to show me where Siri is. I dont know where the hell she is. Hahaha omg love her.
soo happy Austin moved to Miami!
The 1's u have n ur life rnt always those u want, but the 1's u need @ that time.
Lmfao you wrong for that!
just found your site and love it especially the cheap sheet. Keep up the great work
Maybe you need to reevaluate your sources! Lol @ jonathanrknight
Ethics legislation? Henderson say redundant. McDuffe wants more. Day says can't police ourselves. Wilde good. Hunter enforcement needed
I dnt want to date the most beautiful girl in the world, i want to date the girl that makes my world the most beautiful.<3
Up thinking bout life
DONT #FOLLOW US, if you're gonna
Now matter how strong a girl is, she has a weak point and sometimes all she needs is a hug and someone to tell her it's alright.
no. buy a cubegame from yabe
Life is short. Break the rules. Forgive quickly.Kiss slowly. Love truly. Laugh uncontrollably and never regret anything that made you smile.
And the pitching inconsistency continues
Shower. Audition. Breathe.
I wish there was somebody who cared enough to ask what's wrong :/
fukn insane right now!
Nice try TBB! And thanks for making me smile. :)
You could always beat up a clown.
If you respond to my warning then I will pour out my spirit on you and teach you my words. -Prov 1:23
NFL draft is whatever...I just can't wait till the NBA playoffs!!!
Because I hate everyone. Bwahahahahaha
I do wear them drving in the rain, helps cut thru all the gray to see cars ahead RT : Guess I won't be needing sunglasses today
Bipolar and lovin' it!
Next to , is my favorite "author"!!!
Just rd&recommend Trust Matters:Leadership For Successful Schools by Megan Tschannan-Moran
Glad yall are getting some fun and sun!
Just entered the last name of: Comesflying
thanks for the intro, it sounds like we should chat!
what'd I get???
I just looked up an old commercial on YouTube, and it's a lot more embarrassing that I remember...
#NP "Monsters in the Parasol" by Queens of the Stone Age. Feeling the stoner rock today, apparently.
just watched Chelsea...oh...sorry. to your credit tho they were steppin all over ur unfunnyness. I kid u cuz ur a good sport
people finna start commin because the club down the street ends at 2
YES NYC!!! Get those tickets gurrrrl
I'm bored which makes me hungry. There's no food now I'm pissed. I feel like this every Sunday :(
after the turbo
#10favouritebands ONE REPUBLIC
Glad to hear you're giving us a try!
I could walk dogs around my neighborhood.... But I'm too lazy.
He wasn’t: He was a *minority* kid with skittles and iced tea, and that makes it all OK. Or something. :-/
Wiz and Tyga at Rock the Bells? You have got to be fucking joking. Fuck A$AP Rocky or whatever his stupid name is.
Heading to NY for a long weekend next month, looking for hotels - thinking of perhaps - any recommendations from my followers?
I am up goofy
The Ramses brand condom is named after the great phaoroh Ramses II who fathered over 160 children.
57 days left for buyers to get an accepted offer to take advantage of the tax credits pass it on someone you know may want to take advantage
We're gonna win yeah we're taking over....come on!!!
Hate waking up early. School is fucking up my relationship w/ sleep :(
Reminder: in order to allow to join us to talk Main Street, the #builtheritage chat will be NEXT Weds (4/11)at 4:00 EDT.
Nothing like hearing the opening credits song of Mad Men. The show's like wine. To be savored in every detail.
I do dw
your smart so I bet u have a B or an A
Lil wayne has on a panda mask smh
Well we are "the house that La Llorona built"! Joe Hayes has a new collection coming out this fall: Coyote Under the Table
Now there are two men who can do no wrong.
I am so lost! What is in two days?
So tired :/
As far as I know, it was not a surgeon. Have you read anything online? I believe they list the two doctor's names.
are you mixed or white?
97 on Final Speech in Oral Communication. #Boo Yah
RT : Bless Him !! Only Mother Williams can pull that out of a choir!!!
I'm craving taco bell so bad right now
That moment of sadness when you see a 4th grader buying an IPad.
If I don't meet 1 of the 5 days I'm in Nashville for teen hoot, I'm going to cry.
Wife says last tweet was THREE LEVELS OF NERD!!! I DID IT!!!
Time to rest these eyes!
guys o5 this weekend?! I'll supply the luckys..
almost time for bed yey (<U+25E1><U+203F><U+25E1><U+273F>)
That is just wrong
I'm a curse to any TV show. If I like it, they will cancel it. Sad that The Play Boy Club is already on the chopping block.
Congrats to our girl for landing more roles and auditions good luck girl!
“If you wish success in life, make perseverance your friend, experience your counselor, caution your elder brother, & hope your guardian.”
Amazed what the physical body can do on autopilot
Hey bitch, fuck you
Congratulations to Dr Bart for compiling & updating #Drug listings for the range of Mediclim e-alerts
askdkjghskghslifh what ride are WE gon' go on first ? Not YOU ...WE(;
OK, you got me there.
Alas, no. We ran it for as long as we could, but we just never had enough business to keep going.
Shutting down email,, and all distractions + no lunch until I am done with language for for new filings
I feel the sexiest in my lacy panties :)
Can pull XML out of LMNL
Is that even POSSIBLE?
Well said.
might pop in. What time are you speaking?
Vinc having an incredible game so far, doing his part to keep the 'Hawks on top.
is that what you want for your birthday? I thought I was giving you, uh, something else. LMFAO ;)
ayee yo watchin the H.A.M. can you give me and my boys a shout out?
Can't wait for my Dushi, , to get home!!
thx bud! appreciate it :)
Man... it's been 2 weeks since my last Baltimore morning show. It blows my mind how many of you still care. Thank you very much. :)
"Wild Horses" gave a great performance at Legacy Village this evening!
I'll be if you want to swing by for a pregame from 1pm on today. It's
As I type this tweet on my MacBook Pro, Steve Jobs was a true visionary and a creative genius!
Listened to my declarations on the way to my showcase with CD Jason Kennedy...so ready to kick some ass now! :)
Polo Down :)
working in a paper for a conference in #Rome next week. "Presentation of #NativeAmerican Culture in Museums," this will be fun!
the secret's safe with us.
Oh well...
good work! You're a stud!
I'm a Red Sox fan... Calvinism is my birthright.
cool. My apology for upsetting you.
"Yeah, I mean, uh, you know, uh..." Patrick Kane talking about everything.
Never trust a man in a wheelchair with dirty shoes!
agreed. :) thirsty Thursday soon.
Detention buddy needs to teach me how to dougie ! xD ( play basketball ) xD
ok Good night BTw can u please follow me back please!!!!
its so good youll like it
Haha so true!
Now following
thanks so much for the mention!
The wrist wear is actually a flexible koozie from They are my favorite!
I am light weight attitudish right now... And it's all "His" fault!!!
Sigh, so disappointed. Time to get ready for school. :L
No turkey for YOU
Following and need a follow back?? Let us know!!
Keystone will always have my heart
i love vincent price so much as the inventor <3
At 3:30 p.m., Mayor will be on CNN with to talk about same-sex marriage.
Can't wait to buy an eggnog latte and the She & Him Xmas album at Starbucks, and then throw up all over myself.
You don't have to apologize ;)
Heat showing of their great leadership qualities! Stars more talented than other teams, still haven't figured out leader hierarchy
Thanks for the RT! Much appreciated!
“: Few things say Christmas like Die Hard on G4.”
my friend likes all the same bands as you
Two silk worms had a race. They ended up in a tie.
she looked like she had
Dead armadillo count- 4
How you follow is a more effective leadership skill than how you lead. Follow first, then you'll be received as a leader.
i hate you -__- . Not you big bro!
Would you do anything for me?
Let's make the best of tonight, here Comes the rest of our lives
Patron asked me if I wanted to become a librarian once I finished high school. I guess my braces confused her. lol.
Just saw Ted Kulongoski in the law library. I gave him a supremely awkward "I know who you are" nod.
oh goodness
were is my brother!!!
also saying "x undermines objects is not an argument". One needs to show ontologically that objts shudnt be undrmnd.
Hell yeah! The Midwest won't know what hit it when we roll through.
you'll never know unless you try
omg instead of useful, informative graphics, a company put stock photos in their proposal.
series or season
#ttw2011 choosing terminology is a process of selecting from existing "baggage" and cultivating a postition on a topic.
WAKE UP
Anyone see the season ticket holder list that the NYY emailed by mistake?
psycho neighbor locked up?
Bald guy bumping alanis morisette in his drop top 350z... Mid-life crisis much?
I adore his writing style! I'm #reading Getting Off by Lawrence Block bit.ly/og8Pko
Uploaded 3 New Beats For Sale On Myspace Send An Offer
Me&my friend got a detention today because we were singing #SaySomethin SUPER LOUD! But ya know it was worth it (;
I just hate alcohol. Is that bad of me?
OMG! Only 3 days of DJWNoName on and I can't take anymore! Sorry , but its back 2 Alt Nation til is on!
Wireless access on the plane: $9.99. Being able to watch the Cats play at 10,000 ft: PRICELESS
open your eyes,the world needs you awake.
glad 2 see ya had fun.
the best F O R E V E R <3
My Geometry teacher , he calls me short everyday ! #hownicee your just jealous cause your Tall
#schoolmemories when me and my "friends" were in class always singing and making people mess up lol
#oomf hasn't text me back.
Excited to be on Twitter! Jungol updates coming soon.
it seems longer then that.
Constantly sad
Bring Hollywood Home Youth Collegiate leader Andrea Barrera wins Silver Medal in Southern California debating event. Si Se Puede!
How the heck am I supposed to get online class assignments done if the server is down for the past couple days?!
love you too (:
#Boston Bars if you have Cheap Beers email me: @ or dm me. I will give a #FREE tweet. Beers must be $3 bucks or less :)
Are they real followers or porn spammers?
ME, who felt like no one cared about or understood her .. like no one ever COULD because of who and how i am
Hey everybody, who do you guys want to win American Idol??
Been up since 715 -___- gonna be a long day.
your one of them, lol
thanks. sometimes i think in poetic form.
Fair question.
Bitch, im the cookie monster!
Just went to my school for nuthin and woke up early for nuthin. Oh well.
oh yeah that would be a problem.
Bingo! RT : "Content is KING." speaking on Rick Ross' social media.
ì don't care how holla u scream! WTF?
Escape the snow & try our NEW turkey tail with pickled Door County cherry BBQ sauce on crispy shoestring fries, topped with 6yr aged cheddar
WOO! Im going to live in concert in December! I LOVE YOU!
RT IF YOU THINK PURPLE IS THE COLOR!
Turned the TV off. Still love my Lakers tho.
After we win the World Series - RT : When are the going to lose?
Already broke all out New Year's resolutions. Guess we're gonna have to find some other stuff to break now
argh got in a hallway hold up with the blind woman and her dog. argh, the least they could do is give me her office, she has a better view.
Good morning! It's finally Friday! Have a wonderful day.
That, plus it always puts me in a good mood to look at 's blog when I wake up. She's hilarious.
ahh! good idea! :)
cool. how is he feeling about chances? i think he's going to win by republican default-sucky candidates! thoughts?
#gopdebate one of these people is your next presiden
I'm a versatile. I don't know how anyone could limit himself from experiencing both roles. They're so enjoyable!
Batman's going to have a beard now?
hey sweetie, hope all is well.
36 couches and a car? What the fuck are we going to burn on Monday?
ur so cool!!!
Do we have a meeting on LL2 this afternoon ?
Shout outs to boosie a year without couchie
tx for coming by. Make the steak be with you !
Hey peoples- I'm hosting the trivia night at Foxy Olive tonight at 9pm. This should be fun.
OPEN your eyes .
DM me?? #CanIHaveYouNumber ??? Or can i DM u my #number ??
Excited to see such great progress!! Go Team iNETdx!!!
ill be Julians sister
having to take my shirt off just to straighten my hair <<<
hi Mikey
wants to fast forward to spring!!! ROAR!
oh I LOVED don't go away mad...mostly because Becky Biles loved it, though cc
Rich Eisen & Director Peter Berg (Friday Night Lights) on Concussion Prevention - podcast... go 16:00 mark
sounds like fun
CAN U PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASSEE U WOULD SERIOUSLY MAKE MY DAY <3
I figured it out now, breakin' is what the heart is for.
is incredibly handsome. <3
Ok - besides watermellon day - 8/3 is Sisters Day, National Park Day, Waffle Day and Air Traffic Controllers Day. NBA is 62 Today
you didn't even say it back..
that she is very good at!
God it's like Africa in my house
On this day of #history, UFO sited and air raids sounded throughout LA County at 2:25 AM in 1942. Called "the battle of LA" What was it?
I'd rather stand ON Walker.
WANT WANT WANT
Love this tweet : dollhouse!”
2 hours till tonights 4 games, have you picked against yet? there is still time get your selections in asap.
progress always starts somewhere
mullholland drive maybe?
Today , i think i found my favorite bar. Moe's and Joe's. Ironically, the most milwaukee bar in atlanta.
I gotta look that up
Don't say mayhaps to me.
account hacked. time to change password AGAIN
Thanks to some inspiration from I am going to be even moe honest in all of my forthcoming vids (yes its possiable)
would love to work together. I'm in Charlotte now!
Your George Costanza quote just made my night! :) Good lucky, Tony. You deserve every success you achieve!
thanks for the RT!
Reba; Tristan can i have a hug? - Tristan; fuck no. - Me; Tristan gimme hug. - Tristan; okay. Lmfao<3 hottest guy in the whole school. -dies
I appreciate the kind words!
Long run today...and homemade pizza tonite for dinner...weather is cooperating
Kimmie just like destroyed my last tweet.
Saving a photo as 'adsdftyhgfd' because you're too lazy to write a proper title.
Keep that strength up!
Tip: If you're going to send me a condescending professional e-mail, make sure you edit it for grammatical errors first.
A big hello to all my #scriptfrenzy partners in crime.
whats it matter to you? You planning on voting for him if he does?
Oh jesus I forgot to remove my account on iChat when I was at the Apple Store didn't it? AOL System Msg just came up...
worked for me ok.. i thought the same thing and it turned out i made a silly mistype.. good luck!
Britney is gonna perform March 29th at the Castro Theatre, you should go.
I'm so bored sitting at home.. :-/
this is true. A week from tonight I will struggle through a world of airports on my way home.
the folks over would be wise to listen! Little mobile home cooking =)
It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend. -
#shopping advice needed! What does one buy as a retirement gift for an oh-so-sassy pre-Columbian art historian???
smashing the snare head with a vengeance is a great feeling, until you look down and realize you just lost $18 on a new head after 2 mins.
LOVE IT
Rucker & Williams are former draft picks of the Browns. Never panned out.
you don't have to go to college.
well it's better then it happening to you....
had to answer a lot of tough questions today. should i change my twitter picture? that's just one of them.
Besides, look at the sales....android phones have sold more than iphones lately.
oh no!! If its in the city, be weary of who tows it! Lots of shady business happening with tow trucks in the city
everywhere religion is practiced on topography as weapons used/ as tools written in typography to conquer minds to slaughter for gold [3/4]
where boots in the summer n flip flops in the winter cause thats when they go on sale lol
They said it was a drug test..... I got their and their were. I drugs to be tested!! Super mad haha
RT : 2nd period getting underway in Portland, Kamloops on the power play up 2-0.
When you think about the future, think about it with hope. Always trust that God has a plan even if things seem hopeless. ;)
Today is going to be a good day!
Running for Beginners
In CA, the Governor has proposed a 100% cut.
Hey there! How's it going?
Too exhausted to work out...
Yard sales!
Tomorrow night we proudly celebrate Education: A Family Affair that recognizes parents’ outstanding contributions to education.
i don't get tan lines, i get burn lines
get the update!
Last Day at :(
On my way to school.
Been thinking that for the last hour. Saturday's really have becoming depressing now.
#shoutout i love this girl sydney Faye with everything i have and am worth
MIAMI trip Soon
All alone at the flower shop on a Monday has me FRAZZLED. Someone wanna bring me lunch?
same with me no one tskes me seriously wen im not lying i mean i lie sometimes not all the time tho ^.^
“The key to change… is to let go of fear.” – Rosanne Cash
something that shields the muffler underneath idk what it's called lol
I'm gonna keep my eyes peeled. Looks horrific / awesome. Thanks!
Style Seat is accurate. I'm always working. When I'm not working I'm working.
Your talk today for Family Weekend was entertaining and enlightening. Thank you for taking the time to give it.
well hopefully I see you before that!! Haha but yes I'm so excited!
I love my friends. So much. SO MUCH.
Hello December!
Fuck ! Im mad that just happened to me -.-
I'm going to keep calling
im too picky.
yes, you do.
she will never know! I appreciate the love hahahahaha
hope you guys are having a safe trip, let me know when you get back...love ya
what was up with not fouling with seconds to go of the game? They just laid down and took it. What is that?!
#FF For some real McCoy artistic creativeness. I mean it!
yes in times square
Is there such a thing as "I want to fuck her heels?" cause I think I just saw some. Damn, girl!
This is the fifth version he's told. What's the truth?
No sleep again last night....I can't stand that bitch Insomnia. She works my nerves a few nights a week. She so damn disrespectful lol
Thinking of doing the riverwalk #segway tour. Anyone tried it?
In NYSHITTY for a home security commercial audition. I pulled a redeye last night from SFO. Lord grant me the strength not to kill anyone!!
Its funny how easy it is to read the way people act and think
Paris Hilton in a Hat (Pokies!)
reports back to me are he had a "solid" week in Mobile that included "very impressive" interviews. Can't believe all u read
girls in their 20s always invite themselves ;-)
Yes, the gerber is still here.
Dogs have the life!
you at home?
Wow, that's a very interesting read and comes in handy as we just started out our social media strategy!
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading" ~ Lao Tzu
"You mean they get asked questions?" You GO, Martin!
Ugh. Work. I wanna just got work out in a park like my ghetto-ass brethren.
He and his voice will be missed! Just heard him at the game on Sunday. Thoughts and prayers to all of his family and friends.
Sometimes I think I'll never find true love on the other side of that glory hole!
Summer is going to be one big amazing adventure. Let's do this! <U+2600>
Holy crap. RIP MCA
GoldenGlobes Spoilers:1-Free spray tans on the way in?Lots of orangey people. 2-Way too many boob-crushing non-flattering strapless dresses.
RT : Vibe and Vegas Show: America Has Given Up On Young Black Men Like Trayvon Martin: Has American given up on youn......
Thanks for sharing!
that is a worthy tradition! Although I'm more of a bun guy. I'd have to have "Bunday Monday."
thanks. Definitely scary, but nothing taken and nobody hurt, so could have been a lot worse.
Ha ha, a Thunder fan says KEEP it! Glad I could keep you informed and entertained
OMG im so happy, im so proud of with tears filled in my eye right now just watching the trialler its #MBTakeover man :D
Good night, #dollchat! It's been fun but I've got to run. Happy Christmas to everyone! :D
Thanks for the retweet! It's a great chance for kids to get into a Caspar Babypants video & invited to secret performance.
time 4 girly time lol. Glitz n glamour on the #AcademyAwards red carpet!! liking the dresses so far ;) let's see who the #Oscars will go 2!!
Thank you for the follow! Cheers to a DJ Diva!
She left the bed soak
That Paul George steal and pass off of the inbound will be a Top 10 play
RAID is so 2002. TO THE CLOUD!(tm)
This autograph thing could go to my head...
To match your pink hat?
Pulling a Hemingway: "Write drunk. Edit sober." Judge on, little Bonhoeffer boys.
This is where I draw the line. I will not watch an episode of The Office about erectile dysfunction.
I really wanted NickTheFunkyHomosapien but it's too long<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Sunday Funday we got some breakfast stuff fer u, Great Bloodys. Come say hi to Theresa today and Kati tonight.
**tips his hat to you**
Does anyone know if FIBA Assist magazine is still around? I came across an old copy but can't find any info on the internet.
My emotions right now... this is not okay!
Woahhh, You gone have to chill with all that. Imma blow your mentions up with random things too tho. So it don't even matter...
Hi everyone- I've been on a twitter break. Thanks for the thanksgiving wishes! I hope yours was wonderful ,
you are so positve-it is very refreshing and gives someone like me a little more energy to face my challenges
I guess he caught Amnesia hell idk
Hitting a wall at work after I stayed up so late trying to finish reading The Help. It was worth it though.
Where da hot muzik at out here????
Anderson Cooper plays ‘Jeopardy’ Instead of spotting him traipsing through a war zone or hosting his talk show, Anderson Cooper fans
me too!! him, Robert and Mama! you(:?
I love using neutrogena for facial products for my skin care its so skin replenishing
Let's put it this way. Kelly Clarkson's 'Stronger' album is my third favorite album of all time. Every song is great.
Oh my goodness...Charlotte needs to go down!!!!
We’re at the National GEAR UP Conference in San Francisco. Stop by booth 317 and say hello!
Happy Earth Day!!! Enjoy it and remember to conserve... this is the only planet we have.
* don't ... Stupid text, lol
That was a great scene, and the eps have had their moments. But the overall plots seem really unfocused and over the top.
Cuddle time with thee boyfriend tonight. Then much needed girls night tomorrow.
for now until mom makes me get rid of him. Haha. Isn't he the cutest?!
Wilson's hot tamales WWW.WILSONHOTAMALES.COM LOCATED ON 1290 HAYDEN AVE (EAST CLEVELAND) OHIO 44112
Come on Astros, hold on boys
truth is you have to be your self not a fucking want to be cause these people are fake & are so true not like others
Name the freed slave who posed as a servant in Jefferson Davis's home and spied for the Union. Find out later on www.americanlegacymag.com
Can't sleep! Only way to still look rested? white algae mask to brighten my skin! Leave on til morning hands and feet included!
Bad foul mosv
So true. RT : Where did the summer-like weather go?!? Brrr!
ALL MY DEALERS ARE DRY AND OR WONT PICK UP!!! UGH!! Im not Feinin im just in need! lol
I can reach it myself, thank you. I don't sit around and eat tubs of ice cream & junk.
Be kind to yourself.
Where my crazy people at? My day is lacking your crazy.
22 Million For Justin! :D
[Heb6:12+Gal5:6] It is thru our Faith+Patience+Love that we manifest HIS Spiritual Promises [Matt9:29] According to our Faith it done to us
me too it's the worse!!
Everyday when I am with you I make sure I treasure the memories we make together incase there comes a day when I won't see you again.
good moring to u too
Gotta start early...like Marti Gras !
thank you for the mention :)
oh my gosh! My mom loves that movie! You should watch SEABISCUIT! good horse movie too! (;
Reading tweets about what a strong black woman is.
Stephen, are you the new EIC of STL magazine?
OH MY GOD THAT SKIT
P90X is kicking my butt, and I'm only on week 1. Holy cow!
Shorty ass really look like Tales from the Crypt...#ImDONE!! LMAOOOO!!!!
"I Like them (the Media) Its no problem. They were here last year to" ~ Hee Seop Choi
Cano's swing looks so long
they're good reference texts, but usually really terrible teaching texts
Dont forget to join us TOMORROW for Gallery Night in the Historic Third Ward from 5pm to 9pm
I'm really craving Senegalese food. It's painful,
Hahaha what the hell Wittnik, you're at the casino at 9 am on a Thursday? I'm not even mad, Im impressed
that does sound tasty...
tell me they don't want it back. I just made an awesome alarm clock/tanning bed/gene mutator.
I think this is the 1st time that I will buy all of their albums. Just amazing singers this year.
It's so hot outside. I'm going to die. /:
The world has lost someone special. Rest in peace, Steve Jobs.
. It'll always be "stewardess" to me. Or in this case... "stewarbro".
I love how me & my boyfriend are competing to see who has the best score on their game and we're both playing different games! #DorkAlert <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
how ur summer going so far ???
We are always sharpening our list of great places to eat in each city! Whats good in Buffalo?
Fun time planning a media training for a client. Dusting off the old Bob Newhart clip.
u look way different in ur profile pic then on tv. Made me do a double take
You shouldnt waste your feelings on someone you dont value
Juniper and Lemon Curd = the best flavor I've had to date. High on lemon curd, low on juniper.
I figured it was supposed to go to you. I told her I wasn't the right Emily. Haha but thanks!
Bill Brand was taught to look at art-making as research. TOUCH TONE FILM 1973: made on an optical printer he helped build
Hopefully wearing my Cutler jersey will improve the Bears chances of winning.
OMG WOW. U feeling alright? U need to eat crackers or something.
Boneless chicken breast... Shells n cheese... Corn... :-)
brilliantly truncated.
- Oh, and just one more reason for me to justify buying an iPad :)
: If not M/m for a special issue, maybe Modern Fiction Studies?
Home sick! I am so sorry to all my tennis girls for letting you down i feel so bad! I will try my best to be at the match though
Baked chicken breasts, stringed beans, corn, and rice. Time to smash!
Same to you!
stop it! geezus!
rooting for the jackets is like rooting for cincy for me: i can do it, but it doesn't feel nearly as right.
I bet the most terrifying sight on earth is Kristen Stewart's orgasm face
Good Morning Dallas! We'll see you at Sunday Brunch with mimosas in hand!
Madison Pharmacy Associates – Start at foundation of health to reduce menopause symptoms: diet + exercise + nutritional supplementation.
#ICantStandPeople who walk slow in front of me.
#whosgonnalose - NFC playoffs - Dallas at Minnesota - Landry: Vikings will lose Fricke: Dallas will lose Team vote : tie vote
reading and more reading
“: A real nigga take care of his bitch”>> #truth as long as she cook lls
BTW:Me thinks Piers dost protest too much (in his native tongue <g>). He must know he was weak on the facts and follow up.
Hah, here's to hoping it's a good book! Which one are you on now?
The updates have certainly been short enough to fit into a single Tweet.
I'll be keeping an eye out for you in the future.
totes! Where you ladies? If looking for food, I'm w Iowa peeps at Stokes.
One of my favorites!
I thought there was a best practice. or something. for serials predictions...will look it up and will get back to u
Yay!!! Welcome!! It's going to be a great summer! : First day at :)
Nothing wrong with that....I am the post-it-note QUEEN. :)
Morning wood so much fun! That makes it worth it to stay the night and not sneak out in the cover of darkness searching for your panties!
Cheap connection is revolution of our time; HE is in this business! We help make connections. This is our revolution.
So fortunate to be in sessions today where there has been so much good sharing of information. Great participation.
because someone in family has 2pay our bills. Too bad, was really excited about DWTS being in
I now realize my unlimited data plan poses no risk to since I can't get a 3G/4G data signal in Chicago anymore.
hopefully things will be better tomorrow
19e: ARTS DIGEST; THIS LITTLE LIGHT
spending the Friday with my sister spice Suzet (:
posts look great THANKS
Carter IV
Clothes? Something slightly fancier than he'd buy for himself.
Thats because it's all about that Orange Chicken!!
"Show Me Your Glory" #JesusCulture and "Waiting Here for You" #ChristyNockels :) It was awesome!
#May #FF May flowers are blooming! Enjoy all the beauty this weekend! :)
Btw I love your YouTube channel :D
GD PT RT : ABSOLUTELY! And make sure it works. RT : A2: remember to incorporate a fire extinguisher!
When random people tag me in twitpics <<<
Is that the At the Ballpark app? I have not been able to get that thing to work.
S/O to the SWC Softball team for making it to the 2nd round of playoffs!! Keep up the good work.. <U+26BE>
FTSK, There For Tomorrow, Every Avenue... Who's next? NERF~
Deep in research for business outreach on green issues via social media. May seem boring, but I'm squeeing like a Tennant fan.
Just chillin with j- bone my Cuzin i been doin hair all day!
Apple is reported to be paying 800K a year in rent. Absolute steal.
Happy Birthday!
RT : It's Freud's birthday. Call your mother.
Thx! RT MT : My law review article calling fan affirmative defense to corporate criminal liability for an enhanced.....
I don't get it.
nope it's really not that bad where u gettin it thoo?
RIP Steve Jobs. What is your favorite Apple product?
But Somebody Gotta Pretend I Guess
i got Zayn Malik married me because we were meant to be....sounds legit;)
Still riding the high from seeing The Musical Box's recreation of Genesis' Lamb... last night.
I've got three months or so left before moving to a new apartment, so expect LOTS more eBay auctions in the weeks ahead.
If there is one city in Ontario that deserves a new #NHL arena, it's Hamilton. Not Markham.
Thanks for coming to LA Comedy Awards.
Somehow I missplaced my whole damn wallet at the car dealership yesterday, SMDH!!! Tighten up Ricky
Thanks .. not exactly sure how or why.. but your book helped me out.. I for one am glad you came to
The school is way more chill with no bells
no official word yet, it looked dislocated and Brian Anderson said the trainer popped it back into place on the way off the field
Haha, ya most studio shots we get are after the bikes have been ridden a while...
what's up bro ?
They're callin' you out! RT : Will someone please do something cool and bookish with a menorah?
Giving your friend the "What the fuck is this?!" look during a test. #TeenLife -__________-
#iLoveMyMomBecause She is amazing :)
Gals, Keep in mind that while ur furry hood may keep u warm, those that r vertically challenged can choke on it when u shove it in our faces
Going to the gym after a long break from it is so hard
Amen. RT : Choose grace.
You down with #OPP?
Soo pll comes back in January yay n I heard Justin bieber is gonna have a concert in downtown n new years eve yay !!! But I can't go sadly:(
And there is Nunez on third....time for Paps to earn some arbitration money and keep this team alive.
a kid just told me he needed to borrow lunch $, because he threw his sandwich at someone on the bus. Middle school is hilarious.
and medicinal expenses... It stacks up quick.
Your seafood choices actually can help ocean health.
Damn Justin is Desprate is the second trending topic ........... all because of boyfriend.
Ladies, 9 fresh looks for you comin' right up !
Thank you for helping us get the word out
Am I the only that likes to cheer people up?
This just in: Anchor tattoos aren't original anymore.
Do you have a business plan you follow? If now, do you wish you had one?
u took it back didnt u
Quote of the day: "Never mess with people that are helping you when they could easily be doing something else."
Thanks for the RISE RT! :)
just spent $200 at boot barn yesterday :(
thanks for following me!
Thank you!
sounds glorious. We talked about Catalina last night.
It's time to grind harder.
I wanna watch Cheetah Girls , that used to be my movie !
Two Words...... Go Blue
Shouldn't it always be worked hard?
hey brittney! its thomas leathers&hannah frm wildlife eco. we miss u!! hope europe is sweet! do u hve wildlife ch 1&2 NOTES?
seacrest has a talent for appealing to morons and Americas fulla them. you'd have to be retarded to be surprised hes so famous
Having a beer, working on forming a book club. Feeling like Broprah.
yes, we do!
Shopping with mom & sis requires better tennis shoes.
when's your birthday? :)
Fire at Kolkata police hq. ahead of Hillary visit - The Hindu
The D needs to come through.
there's already one I'm a FB admin for their page, and my accounts are linked... Don't know how to fix it =/
Can't wait till next friday! :)
yep after the game until 5, wondering if Detroit's pen can actually close this thing out tonight
I hate when sluts, hate other sluts, for being sluts..... Hahaha
I gotta say this though: Bama's fans were such a presence that I forgot we were in Nola. Outmanned on the field, outfanned in the stands
Avengers is more fun
This day went by fast! I wish I could skip tomorrow tho! :p
u do the same bro.
tyler puttin in work in the 1st half
the knights of columbus of Rockville!
Failure is a teacher to help you realize you missed something or someone along your journey. –Joel Garcia
"Oh yeah? Well, they could be a lot better too." --Calvin from Calvin and Hobbes.
no doubt, I love that it doesn't have an aftertaste.
So can u get me a shoutout !!!!
My social life is in the negatives..
i just love all the recepies you tweet(: Happy Valentines Day to you too(;
Week 6: Sun. Oct 14 @ HOME vs. Dallas Cowboys (1pm)
Im bored already -__- feel like im getting heat stroke...urg...
Up early idk why
apparently we're doing them again...just not well...
Really not enjoying this #twitter bug that's not allowing me to upload a profile picture.
In other words, do a combo and stop ordering combos!
If you need recommendations for eating out, give a shout.
“: I would rather get naked and do jumping jacks in public than show any literate person my Google search history.”
TY! You rock! Xo
MONSTERPALOOZA starts tonight @ 6pm. Don't forget to bring your DVDs to be signed! Every show at least 5 folks wish they had them there!
I love the term, Solutionist. At our place, I'm referred to as the Problemist.
If you even have to ask, you haven't just been living alone all semester.
Watch Pastor Chris Lyons rebroadcast tonight 7:00 p.m.,
So playing for a college crowd in Kalamazoo. Man college kids look young!
Fuji, Fuji, Fuji! Make it a Fujiyama Wednesday!
If my lady didn't dig into my phone we wouldn't fight at all.
dear mom, I spend so much time in my room because my twitter friends are the only people who accept me for who I am. ok? sincerely, me.
For sure! RT -->Send us ur music, so we can put it on Radio!
we invite you to follow us for news on CRE lending, environmental due diligence, SBA lending, commercial lending and much more!
Joss Whedon did a great job balancing characters, action, and humor with The Avengers.
Can't have environmental sustainability without social sustainability - Cousteau
Don't forget to check out our new Facebook page and like us!
If a mofo cant keep it reala with themselves wtf makes u think they can keep it real with u?!?!
I don't care what the next iPad is called. I'm still stoked about finally getting my paws on one. Even if it's only "the next iPad".
look up ballroom socials or something to that effect...they have em.
omg. I love collizion crew.
Watching VAN vs LAK game on NHL 12 right now. Same starters and lines. So far LAK is up 2-0 with 10 left in the first. :(
Happy to see that you two connected -- hope all is well with both of you!
watching american idol makes me so excited to perform :D !!!!
new love interest?
I'm in the back left corner (if you are looking at the stage). I might have to take off soon, tho. Time's ticking on my meter.
THINKN BOUT SOME THINGS....aka MY FUTURE.
XenDesktop Guru wanted for either Contract, Contract to hire, or Direct Hire in Madison or Milwaukee, WI! Growing Citrix practice and looki…
I hate going to the doctor they take too long!!
when do we start to support each other???
Irony--the manuscript was about a proctologist.
Yes but this loser is your best friend(;
yep. Utilize and Use also. I don't understand that one.
love to watch you on ant farm
I know, I'm trying to get on their level.
#oomf should textt me. Or else they're not cute anymore. #Hurry!
Great day of learning about all the free educational resources available through
Big Apple Brits nears 500 members in 4 months! Thanks! - We would love ito reach 500 on 9/9/09 - Invite your friends easily here .. htt ...
What song would you want Gabriel Antonio to [RE-FIX]?! Leave your comments below.
Opera Forges Ahead With Plan to Support WebKit Prefixes
[amin khan] fevered/severed
Are you training reps to use good etiquette in online channels? Training is critical.
Good morning;)
I give up i just fucking give up im always wrong or doing something wrong so whatever goodnight people
they most certainly are not. Just look at me. Oh wait..
Took me about 2 hours to transfer and upload pics to
should be!!! The sun is starting to shine!!!
Happy St. Pats!
make sure you ask the dentist if you can hold her hand for comfort
My 17 year old sister is driving the car with me in it
"loss or impairment of heart muscular power."
Thanks for the follow. When your organization needs graphic design & printing, tweet us!
well takes one to know one
that's fine.. i just figured it'd be something different !
Thank you for following and supporting #RhodeIsland #fostercare alumni
Ravens waste no time in tacking wide-receiver issue-acquire 30 year old Lee Evans from Buffalo.
A gorgeous art book, or very high pictorial quality cookbook - I just ordered a beautiful art nouveau book
please come to new Jersey!!!!!!
I thought i was getting better last night and then I wake up this morning and I have a coarse painful cough. But I have to go to school yay.
if you're in LA, check out the 4 walking tours of downtown art with CRA/LA
House Hunters is in the Cleve! Too fun!
Hey , nice new look for your homepage!
If you're in NY, NJ, DE, MD, DC, PA, or WVa and are a NASPA member - some phenomenal programs coming your way!!
dunno abt you but whenever i'm sick or tired i want to cut my hair off!
Brandon a.k.a Cupcake is officially on his way to Spain! He is going to be gone for a while, but we hope he has a blast, how can he not?
One away from a thousand.. =)
Lool yup buut when i go there's no one because i wake up late lol .:P <3
Made dinner for the whole family, they're in love.
Are those flowers in ice balls? Very pretty! Perfect for springtime (or is it summer?)!
Good morning! What's going on in #indy today?
diddy boo i already seen it
Chilling down at Mexican Town for Cinco de Mayo... Looking for the jello shot lady.
Is it just me or is this life feeling a bit weird every time I go into a store it's like a fashion show and not the good kind either
Sometimes I act very Californian and it's kinda weird. :/
Glad it's not just me :)
Come play tonight's tournament. Started at 7 pm, $140 buy in ($125/15). Sign up until 8:40 pm.
Being the bigger person means making a conscious decision to behave at the height of ones character.
I like winning the right way...not taking short cuts not cutting corners and breaking rules, I like living the right way too
<3!!! Happy weekend. Tell Mrs. Coach happy mamma's day!
Looks like it's going to be a fun summer for crab lovers!
I AGREE!
I literally laughed out loud when I read that. No joke haha
I swear I was. But I am again.
lets go heat!!!
As a Las Vegas property taxpayer, I applaud Penn and Teller's tourism promotion on their British TV series.
love hanging with my bestie<3
RT Carey suggests that Sounders' system sets a winning culture. Increases GM accountability.
my bad
the Beets!!
A1 Completely genuine on the Many players fly in their moms for the weekend. $70 MM to charity in next 10 yrs at Players.
It's not what I was hoping for, but I'm pleased to see the Feds are reading my work.
Agreed. Stan the man gets his cameo in every flick but Kirby breathed life into Stan's words and gave us unforgettable visuals.
Rory McIlroy said he's "really excited" about trying to become the ugliest golfer to win two major championships
So you duck down and hide where the gas peddles are...
if you are the owner of any DC based radio station, you should give me a call. 774-277-9202. i would like to help your web presence
We're at for #Cuts4aCause! So many customers!
and vs tomorrow. Any bets? ;D
These shoes are HOTT!
so, when will we have the honor to see you on our website, love?
I'm more than ready for these 2 weeks to fly by!
Wow American Cup is trending nationwide. It must be an Olympic year! #gymnastics !
I hate when people can't pick up on cues and hints. I guess I need to get a bullhorn & start screaming into it to communicate.
Aw, Shucks ;) RT " : love your place and your sign is awesome too." Thanks!
Just laying down looking at the stars. It's warm, clear and quiet. Just one thing is missing.
First day of #p90x and ouch.
Hey, it's Portland. We're all green, aren't we? #I'mcomposting
damn. Mad I missed that!!! I've been waiting for that for years as a BU alum. Hope they play again next year
what can I say? Always thinking ahead. That will be one of the phrases I try in Brazil :) you need to teach me more, though
Your so pretty!!! #Jealous <3 (:
From mouth to mouth, like fish seeking dark places, the mist covers our traces covers our faces
Aye people go and follow for great tweets
hey Alex!!! How are u? (: I'm so bored! I'm writing my research paper-_____-
is that the Arizona Interactive Marketing Association?
can I have 's hair? pretty please?? <3
Don't miss "How to Suceed in Business..." tonight and tomorrow night at SCHS at 7. Great performances by everyone!
#tweetconfession Just like to start the day out by admiting, yes I'm a digital music hoarder. :-(
lol it ok.I remember u
Today in history, Bob Dylan records his first album in a single day at a cost of $400 in 1961.
I'm committed to this dream! I'm not gna stop until I'm playing with the stars!
Just Saw Chrissy She Coming May 5th :)
Angie has developed a world accent.
hhaaha your so dumb... loser
Lots of friends growing up around me lately. Fuck.
Now it's actually the Orange County Register.
I even look good in a broken mirror
hit me up sometime man
Manda saw it loved it as well “: Just saw The Avengers. Greatest movie I've ever seen and yes there's gonna be a sequel :)”
Kudos to gay guys. They don't have to listen to women bitch at them all day
#10favouritebands THE FRAY
Eating a bagel:).
is loveing her new boyfriend to death <3 he makes me feel happy agian =)
Whatever it takes, we walk together...
Did u c my TWEETS about u Starring in FRESH-OUT a Compton Hood Movie with n Mo Known Talent?
I own a flowershop downtown will send misbatum fresh flowers!!
Cleveland! Basketball!
follow me please
Fire in Greenfield, 2700 Block of Supreme CT. Dozen or so fire & rescue vehicles. Police have shut down 3 blks of Layton east of fire.
I know; searching the memory banks for suitable stories + laughing @ the terror of his red pen + old school virtues. Miss that.
Holder: Obama nominees taking "5 times longer" to be confirmed than GWB nominees.
good morning bro!
Wondering if Powe slipped in a workout today at the IPF? Good thinking, Freeze... Getting Boone out of town like that.
#niallhorantheplasticmouth hheheheheh trend if you get it
RT Your music is sounding dope man, keep at it! Send me some acapellas in the future, I would love to remix so...
I want my Kiss FM Back! How much ESPN can you listen to? 2 minutes!
Great wrap
taxes were higher on people and businesses in 1957
waiting for more followers so i can follow all my wonderful followers back. :)
5 days til Dallas. It'd be a lot easier to pack and focus on if I didn't have to move outta my apartment this week too.
Using video to build awareness? Then YouTube is great. If you're interested in driving traffic and conversions, use Fliqz.
HAHAHAHA. Oh God.
fly with me..er, I mean let's fly away cuz errday is like a Saturday night
I'm gonna hug you and squish your faces so hard.
Sell a bunch of records. Buy a bunch more.
Thank you so much I really appreciate that! Can't wait to see yours!
Haha. The ROTC kids always look tough, no matter what... Especially when I was in highschool.
Minimalism FTW! RT : As part of my minimalistic lifestyle I'm getting rid of things I don't need #tv #dvdplayer #401k :P
Follow this girl right here! Shes amazing and beautiful <33
I love adam levine
South Florida tweeps...another FREE FITNESS class at this morning. 10:30, Pembroke Pines. It's #FlirtyGirl and FUN!
if those kids want to bring surface-to-air missiles to class with them to defend themselves, they have every right!!
be,come be,fore
just left the studio bro
Hm yes, it is 9 pm, and you know that awful feeling when the alarm goes off, that familiar 'ugh'.....right? Good luck!
Senior citizen discounts have discrimination written all over them.
We say then then he scores, FINALLY! Lol RT : Yeh he is a waste
#SocialMediaTip Schedule Social Time
last night I had a dream featuring #Estrellita by Manuel Ponce... have you heard #Heifetz play that? Soo beautiful
well those are boring.... except the yellow lol
Won our soccer game!!! 7-0 yeah buddy
hasn't worked out since like last wednesday...
y'all are great! Love you too!
beautiful shot!
#duckdynasty is my new favorite show.
nah, the more real LOL is J. Terry saying he could see himself playing with the Heat next year.
So if your John Terry, do you wait in the locker room and apologize to your teamates or get on the next flight to London?
Share our similarities, celebrate our differences. — M. Scott Peck
#nw - Get Rich or Die Tryin'
why is Utah St. a night game?
Congratulations to the Nashville Symphony on their #Grammy win for Joseph Schwantner's Concerto for Percussion and Orchestra!
Hard to maintain Zen-like calm when someone insists on telling me medical-related horror stories abt leave, benefits, etc. Please. Stop.
#in interesting to see so many companies in GRC and Analytics
I'm planning to move to New Hampshire soon! Anyone willing to give advice?
YOU are TERRIFIC! I am one of YOUR Biggest Fans and Cheerleaders in NYC! Thanks, Always, Bob
We're going to have a House full of people tomorrow.
My friends are so mean to me. Lol
I am getting my hair all beautified for New York.
amen RT : gonna be so busy until regents are over
MY MOM FOUND MY FRUTATA RECIPE!!!!
ugh this person -__-
Thankful for the follow. Come change the world with us!
Cinco de Caucasian
Keep positive, be patient and have faith.
Nicely done Flickr w/ the Ektar love. And my pal was featured!
Should I give this beat????
Exposure to a wide variety of different viewpoints and activities is an essential prerequisite for the social construction of individualism.
Too tired. No time for bullshit today.
#confessionnight a part of me wants to take out my piercings so that people will look at me for my smile and not for how odd my piercings e
Its not a silly little moment, Its not the storm before the calm. This is the deep and dying breath of this love that we've been working on.
Filled with the Holy Ghost thank you Jesus. :D
Always good to hang with the Hendersons! Red Bowl Sushi, Gen Tao Chicken and a lot of Sweet tea.
dude.... Make sure the car chargers arent loose... #batteriesdietoofast :-)
A suggestion to not leave our homes for five days and a swift start to the rainy season=easy going weekend in Oaxaca.
Anti jokes are so funny, lol.
I might be offended if that made any sense
Man, 7 hours of Game of Thrones sure does make a girl horny.
I want to inflict physical and emotional pain on the person who gives the mugar closing announcements.
I remember! You got me into Jane Austen. One that was mentioned is a mystery called The Phantom of Pemberly.
Follow-up: It appears I'm inquiring after the 2nd Street Tunnel. (ht/thx and )
:: The Moment When You Take 45 Seconds To Figure Out What To Text Back ! ;) #True Shit .
Did you know that today is #NationalScrabbleDay? Go ahead, play Words With Friends from your desk today without any guilt.
Right there with you, man.
the mare okay because I love justin <U+2665>
Enjoying an evening out with my bunny So lovely. Wish were here too!
D - Never
There is no easy path to fulfillment and Truth. The work is hard but most rewarding. Those who try shortcuts are condemned to false illusion
Polygamy Commune / oh, wrong candidate - i got nothing.
yeah, but I'm actually going like at 8. I'm going to try & get there much earlier.
oh gosh, we have to swap stories then. i've got one similar.
Fill in the blank: My favorite springtime snack is _________.
thanks for following me.
Looking forward to #lscon! I'll be there all next week if anyone wants to meet up!
Ok I'm off twitter for now but everybody who have my number text me and say who you are cause I have no contacts.
Packers going to destroy the lions on thanksgiving! Cutler out- NFC north is ours
Need to start a blog.
LUCIANA live at WET NIGHTCLUB APRIL 16th as she performs live her hit song I LIKE THAT at WET 915-449-2066
We showed a video of featuring in class when talking about integrated marketing.
<------- still wont @ some of these chicks cuz of some y'all savages lol
looking forward to hearing it!(:
Tryin to do homework while watching The Pacers game..
bigtime civil defense verdict in Alabama!! that's why we do so many mock trials, baby.
I'm not looking forward to that date at all
Lmfaoooo RT : Gary, Indiana RT : If Khloe &amp; I take a city what city should it be???
Good luck to all of those spring sport athletes battling for playoff births today, remember being properly fueled could be the difference!
guess you just lost my vote.
LA fitness on irvington, my friend is the instructor
"WE ONLY SEE EACH OTHER AT WEDDINGS AND FUNERALS" - Apocalypse Suite. The mortal remains of Sir Reginald Hargreeves
Just saw a dude sporting a flat top.
Now following
Any PDX photoshop/GIMP peeps have time to bang me out a quick text & effects logo/header job tonight for a few bucks? Let's get coffee.
how come I didn't get these tweets until now?? But anyways nick we are good girls ;) well sometimes... Lol
Pata: Repubs blocking expansion of Viol Ag Women Act that gives tribes right to prosecute. Native women killed at 10x national rate.
it's been raining a little, but the skies are still nice and blue. Hope your weekend is enjoyable :)
Thank you for correcting my spelling of her name. I just met her for like the 4th time this year. She's amazing. An inspiration
Kik: nicolelynnx Someone talk to me!:D
Everyone have a great day
hi could i get a follow back please? :{)
that's what I was thinkin, the boys will be so happy haha. Which day though ?!
It would have passed and he could have still shown some actual leadership. It's dumb for him to just decline to talk about it.
Totally agree!RT : Its okay to stay young, not immature.
Missouri. Lady Gaga. Red Bull. Winning combination. Also, could be time to stop the Bieber banter. Hm.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! I hope you have an amazing birthday!
They offer decent reports too, but I think the Moss Adams/InvestmentNews reports get cited more
Had a root canal yesterday, so I sympathize! Hope you can take care of business Sunday vs. the Ravens -- they beat up the Jets!
New Nissan Altima, to realease in July, to be a hit
there were two places he put us in. One was us being a person in the holocaust. And the other was a German citizen (c)
Check out my man Willie Jones I."Straight Swingin'" CD.
Acoustic rise against? Yes please.
Well since "WE ARE BREAKING ALL THE RULES" a two-way tie would probs be appropriate! I just want Phi Phi to lose. So badly.
you've gotta be kidding me
What are people thinking when creating this situation?
I wish I could dance like Chris Brown, sing like Kelly Clarkson and have Paul McCartney's money...lol!
How is that all holidays fall on my days off anyways...
On my way to work!
Thank god we all spent so much energy being outraged by the Backstrom suspension.
I think not being able to do a cartwheel when I was in elementary school has affected me more than I thought....
More seriously, after being awestruck by the "Lacrimosa" in Tree of Life's cosmological sequence this past summer,
's still got it
I need to start setting reminders for myself
RT : We’re so close! Tell congress 2 pass the healthy skool lunch bill. We need ths 2 combat childhood obesity. Don’t let it...
Cheetahs win again!!! Yaaay!!
We party more, we talk funny, everything is better with music & friends, we eat a lot, and we love life quite a bit... HBD Louisiana!
Girl your Twitter is BORING.
Welcome to Director of Imaging Services, Bill Cunningham, CDIA+. Glad to have you on board!
My pot pie has been in the oven too long. I think its burnt. :(
Oh that's cool. I guess. Lol
New Assassin's Creed Notification Center pushes notifications: "Duck. NOW!"
Dang right I'm still around. Living large. Been working on my Fed stimulus dollar applikation, breath some economy to Oregon.
That old cranky former IU coach on gameday, this should b fun lol
*Mouth setting into a hard line and rolling my eyes* Okay. I have no idea how she found you.
can you picture me on a New Kids on the Block cruise??? Wanna warn about me?
About to go to a few different dates for warped this summer the lineup is amazing
I jus made a crazy hook to the beat i got from Lex Luger. The producer that made tyga lap dance, jayz and kanye Go HAM and rick ross BMF
I am often better in the dialogue in my head! And I ALWAYS win :) LOL
Crashed out hard on the bro's last night lol
i got one
And I can think of about 8000 other things I'd rather be doing than be at this work meeting........
It's 2 o'clock in HR. You know what that means?? It's officially hit the fan. Wildfires everywhere!
More of The Civil Wars Please
Samuel Jackson on Pulp Fiction >>>>
I'm up like I dont have nothing to do in the morning.
Free parking downtown/ pearl today.!!!
Don't forget: Book a Scentsy party w/me in Nov (home party, book party or fundraiser) and receive a FREE plug-in warmer of your choice!
Life long friends made. Reunited with old friends. Met & on the same day! Saw lives changed!!!
Lionell Hollins, who was a solid guard back in the day can't be happy with the Grizzlies 11 turnovers.
We're hiring! RT : Looking for a job in NYC’s booming tech sector? See who’s hiring on the #MadeInNY Digital #Jobs Map
Ah I give up...
if you were to say 'come with me', even now I might go <3
hahah okay so I didn't really look at the picture when you showed it to me, but I know one of your first trick or treaters
Have a great time at the Radio Party in Vegas! Say hi to our devs !
Yum, Apple Jacks <3
Come to find out that it will take billions, gazillons, etc years for it to end or atleast 7000 years. I be dead YEARS when that happen.
Nothing about this weekend is the worst.
damn that's a clean fridge!
*hugs* and takes my ex with him
at dinner. How late is too late for me to walk by?
RT : Interesting question: do you think sound will be used more or less in mobile apps as they evolve? #mmsw more, sound could = brand
I sell dope I fuck hoes and make songs bout da shit
how you liking miami so far?! I live 45 mins away.(:
We love you guys too! RT : Oh yeaah. We love :)
MT : Congratulations to for winning Almont Lindsey Award & to for winning Willie Lee Rose Award
canary can u shout us out? Were getting fanmily to share their TW stories about how and when they met the guys^.^
Dammit! Need more for this trek to Texas!
Young Professionals- Join us for a Miracle Board meeting 6pm TODAY at Arnold Palmer Hospital: 92 W. Miller Street, Orl. ?'s:
Silly, that would make them lumberjacks or yokels, not hillbillies.
Nice! Find that nest!
yeah i thought it had a few too many jokes but whatever. i know all those jokes weren't the part that was for me.
My pants are so much looser. :)
diplo all night
This guy at the bike shop is super smelly .. and annoying
playing a De La Buena version of a tune on = best start to the afternoon.
Table readings on Sat and Monday.
NP "Queens Of The Road" Rita Jones
I hate it when restraunts seat me in the corner cause they think I am crazy
If you have pix of #BnBWed please (a) delete incriminating ones and (b) email me the others
nothing really
My weekend starts at 2pm today.
For some reason Austin looks like Nick Jonas!! (: Lol
Haven't been out for days cuz of illness :(
Not quesioning it, but I'd be interested in seeing a cost analysis on that. Cause that's just the kind of dork I am.
The fog is back. Summer is coming.
While I am pleased for my neighbors that they are remodeling, the clangor of construction noises doesn't exactly make productivity a breeze.
Thank you for the follow
LIKE, IDK MAN BUT PATTIE AND JEREMY HAD GREAT SEX OK. JUSTIN IS FLAWLESS. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
falling asleep to the sound of the rain...
when you first started following me like months ago I thought i would pass out
We love you You are a reformer and redeemer of culture.
D EdWeekTeacher These 2 links you just posted aren't working. FYI.
I will say it for you. We want peace and justice. And we want you to denounce Hamas and refrain from being with terrorists.
I signed up right away when I saw there'd be sushi ;)
MJ? Really that one was stupid easy.
funny! Thanks for the follow.
So proud of our Koinonia Christmas leaders! Awesome event!!! Thank you to all!!!
900 words left to go on this stupid 1,000 word essay project ... YEE-__-
HOMECOMING BABY!!!! That's whats up this weekend!!!!
Is any else getting the ADOBE UPDATE NOTIFICATION email PHISHING SCAM? Delete immediately! Can't believe it begins with <Hello dear>
Jus got done taking mi SOL for biology!
You have a little fucking head. That does not bode well when it comes to debate.
Zusi's ball really was almost Fabregas-esque. Sigh.
Don't mean it at all...I'll believe it when I see it
Stroller 4 baby=toddler can run away and u can't keep up! We used an umbrella stroller occasionally if we'd be walking a lot.
End of season for the wildcats :-(. Now on to the accounting classes :-)...
Hello out there!! What's up sis?
Oh, wow - happy birthday!
bet i got ya
They threw a revolution and nobody came. McPherson square more or less empty at the moment.
WTF! That is a serious offense RT A coworker ruined the end of the Bachelor for me this week. Ugh.
dude, totally. Oh sandwiches... Nice grammar catch btw.
#Did you know the longest possible eclipse of the sun is 7.31 minutes
HANNAH BANANA YOU NOE ILOVEYOU? WELL I DO CHICKEN NUGGET(: lmao
N my brother probly told her whn he saw her
So, Deimos and Huracán. Greek and Spanish names from an Italian company, owned by Germans. Hooray diversity.
I could care less what my mom says anymore.
what up! When we linkin?!
Woooohoooo. I love my husband so much it freaking hurts.
ok I did everything can u do can I follow me and list me
Up early... Goodmornin people
What are ghosts' favorite kind of streets? Dead ends. Happy Halloween!
thanks to all for attending tasting. BTW- anyone leave a ceramic travel coffee mug?
Me too! This is great info! RT Three slides in and I have already learned new things about SM Analytics from
Thanks for Watching!! RT“: Just chose to watch instead of network tv. Inspired...”
4th for sure :)
RT RT Pelosi just went down in American history. And disappeared from Texas history.
What do you think are the top 3 issues likely to be on the table at the UNFCCC COP in Durban?
Thank you to all of the most amazing vendors, awesome musicians and lovely folks who made it out to The Crafty Underdog show yesterday!
If you guys out there in Twitter land could see what I'm watching right now, you would definitely NOT believe in evolution.
I LOVE YOUR FAMILY
What's your favorite European Wax Center product?
yeah well im at barnone with a gin n tonic so take that!
I'm sorry the Holocaust was terrible yes, but tht does not give Israel immunity frm potential human rights issues in Gaza Strip
Feel like getting hood today.
Hi Anissa, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
Agreed. sales are made best belly-to-belly
#ifYouBelieveHavoc you'd try to draw a charge from Blake Griffin (while in the restricted circle...lol)
Dustin Hoffman and Jessica Lange at the Golden Globes...Tootsie reunion. I <3 them. What is it with me & people with their AARP cards?
Is this a decrease or an increase?
Death Metal from Costa Rica! Text getaob to 88704 to check out Advent of Bedlam.
me too dude! Dentist waiting room shit
RT : Got a crib mattress from our sweet youth group tonight!:) love our dickson family // That's awesome!!!
Being underweight has totally screwed up my health. I just need to get through the rest of this year without missing school.
I think "Bitchin'" is my favorite use of "bitch."
Been studying so much my head hurts like crazy!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096>
FRANKENSTEIN FEST TODAY! Meet Frankenstein and watch a theater performance of "Finding Frankenstein" at 6PM. Open until 8! Bring friends!
John LeClair #10 scored in the Flyers alumni game. Great dude looked like he as having a great time. congratulations!!!
What does Mad Men and Saved by the Bell have in common? Mr. Belding
Woah! Crazy…how's it going?
I'm suspecting you put it online in March just as all of our workloads ballooned out of control... ;)
Haha isn't that the truth! RT : Id read a note if it came that way. #lessnoise RT : T4: Courier pigeon
love that!
Thanks Mark!
I hope comes to san antonio tx on their us tour. They haven't the last 2 times and they promised after what happened at boozle
the round green fox hopped past the boring dog.
i buy them out everytime! Wife is hitting another store tonight..
why don't y'all mix lol? I love the heat
Omfg! If I find out that you are fcking cheating on my mom,I swear I will give you bf. Even my grandma will have the guts to kick you out>:(
yeah I just don't think it is for me... I tried though! Amazon return shipment ahoy!
Hacked by , Your favorite neighbor in the world ;)
I wish she follows me it would make my day shine....
If the #Bruins can break Holtby, the Capitals look like they will fold like a card table. Need more scoring from first two lines!
ha, ironically, this little 36 min concept mix has all 3 of them on here. I have 2 more mixes that should be done asap.
The J Man broha is on Twitter. That deserves a chant.
Harley Quinn T-shirt – Harley Quinn Batman Adult Hot Pink Tee
home with family...sxsw is not even a close second
love is like a rubber band we all pull on one end while the other lets go then we always get hurt at the end
Jennifer Hudson's tribute was so classy and powerful, a perfect sentiment
It's a really bad piece of legislation IMHO. May put European websites at a disadvantage against those operated from the USA.
Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree Grows in Brooklyn
Went thru some bullshit this morning. Can't wait til I leave for CT...
Now this is the we all know and love
Because it's a great rivalry and the Canadiens are the best
Sitting in sun, trying hard to get my skin to adopt a less blue hue, but News Quiz has ended and I'm now terminally bored. Prefer snow.
Meeting with #rob... Makin a hit!
Happy to be (almost) home after great few days in LA. Exhausted but super jazzed about reception of #befearless at #COFLA !
Get rich or die trying ...who's gona come first :)
Sitting at my desk at watching #OO #m1gs go down a few blocks away via livefeed on my computer. Odd world I live in.
u r going to get chonchitos and cellulitis ' <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
awesome, keep me updated.
It's really boring..
God bless anyone willing to coach this bunch!
I'll never understand how headphones can get so tangled up in such a short amount of time
Tonight for CARE week will be a very exciting event in the Rat at 9 pm. Emancipation ROCKlamation-- sponsored by REACT. Tickets at door.
that might have had something to do with it… you kinda made me tune out
great call!
$25 gift card to goes to...!
R.I.P. Steve McNair. A true football legend!
It's great to see society is acknowledging the terroristic tactics of an ex-spouse. My ex spouses abuse is unrelenting
RT if u like the acoustic version of 'never let you go' better then the studio version
Substance abuse week ends with drug round-up
Just had a client tear up (good) when we explained the wireframe and creative concept of their site. Doesn't get much better than that.
great! how are you? see you at homecoming?
Opting for my fave, Beef Carbonnade from Slow and Easy cookbook (a little different than their Roast book version)
TheOysta killed you and collected your bounty. Your bounty was worth a total of $917.1K and was funded by That's just wrong!
going 2 go watch #Glee!
Kudos to and the rest of the stellar cast of Steel Magnolias on a great performance last night. Catch it 2nite at USF PAC!
#np jack the ripper - 2003 wayne .
good luck tonight! sorry I can't be there!
Yes. Please.
its said i got to tell that bitch stfu lol get off twitter fake ass
#nowplaying Charles Mingus, "Stormy Weather" - off "In a Soulful Mood".
I wrote that from so figured I should clear up from my account. :)
When u try to reach someone and they never answer<<<
haha oh really?? I may have to get that for break
whys that?
good point but he was good...tannehill is not
RT My day to day possessions... I love my life, got out the hood, but never forgot where I came from... <--that don't make u
Today Is the day. We leave for state tournament today. The tournament starts Tuesday! I will keep everyone posted! Let's go!!
Happy Friday Cupcateers! We sold out. We will make more tomorrow. XO
My parents called me gay and Greek in the first 5 minutes I've been up.
GM, Have a Good one.
where do you have a gig?
That's what's up. Let's try and link up at an event on Saturday.
Still love u but im over you
I have originality in my beats - get at me -- dm me your info
That is AWESOME! Thank you! RT : I'm in! will match that $500! for Officer Vrtoshnick
Yup! My life story.... What grade are you in??
He lied
prereq. Arm strgth & acc. Only thing against him was youth and inexp. Top notch intangibles = will reach pot.
Interviewing was exactly the health kick I needed to stay on track the rest of the week!
I cant seem to do anything right today lol
New post: New Delorme Topo USA 8.0 East Region View Cache Descriptons In Full Other Cachers' Log Notes
I think the #lakeshow may have finally found their game or the #nuggets has lost theirs, bc it a 13 pt lead for the home team. smh!!
That be dat 9-5 bull! "Oh brother...make it a double..."<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
How perverse! The past three days ,areas within a one mile radius of my home get showers but hardly a drop of rain at my house.
When don't we know what's best???
Oh hell to the no no!!
Okay getting that extra shot in my mocha was prob not a good idea. Walking around the block to burn off the extra energy before author event
W Hotels Worldwide and Design Miami/ Basel Announce the Winners of the 2012 W Hotels Designers of the Future Award
Sometimes I truly believe people are brain dead idiots and if you think I'm talking about you..you are probably right #stupidpeoplesuck LOL!
EVERTHING MUST GO !!! HUGE MOVE SALE !!!
Something bout love,
I've been thinking of opening the studio back up
I was checking out some pictures from your 15th birthday party. you were looking very classy. oh & how can I forget the cane?
A kiss to build a dream on
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have. Vince Lombardi
you were a beast! Love you to pieces!
you should record something for me to play on The Pansophy Project w/Niki Gee..remind people you a dope poet
Very stoked to see that recent message about Raleigh! Looking forward to talking more with you at Cs, C&W, or in the fall.
yes, you can tweet from twfall, but you have to sign in and ok twfall access to Twitter
Giddy up to Amici's Tonight! After diner crowd enjoy Nashville recording artist Shane Byrant w/Drink specials & $5 martinis starts at 9pm!
#where will #Crawford end up???
I always have 2 get 2 lg bags of ur chips at They are just too good that I have 2 bring extras home.
Going to Flogging Molly tonight. Woo.
It's mutual. April will be even better.
Need jersey shirts printed for your recreation, YMCA, or church team? DM or @ Now and we'll take care of them for you!
good god... Thx for sharing
Sunny ass day. Wasting it by sleeping in bed..... Im soo lazy!!
please may I have some
I feel like I am going to lead you on..
All happiness or unhappiness solely depends upon the quality of the object to which we are attached by love. Spinoza
MT : With current surplus in humanities PhDs, it wld be counterproductive to make PhDs more easily attainable through reforms.
I went to grade school & h.s. w/ Jenny.
Thanks! Bedtime ran long tonight!
as said, "We all work for someone," : (
SAVE $135 when you sign up for High Speed Mobile Internet. FREE SETUP & DELIVERY, call 361-429-4758. #CorpusChristi #WiMAX $ Back guarantee!
That was a crazy fuckin dream!! #murder #sex #Realmafiashit #hammers #crv's
Happy new year! Join us today for happier healthier new year! (214) 827-5239.
you look like a genius
So glad to hear the topic of transgender discrimination being thoughtfully discussed in
Casting new music video for this coming Sunday. Looking for men and women 18-30. Submit headshots and resumes to
Bahahaha oh the thoughts that are running through my mind.
I'm donating! Lol!
I saw this!! Why can't it be on the weekend?!
Oh my! Bob's Burgers is on now! Watch it. Now!
No tickets, collected RSVPs to judge crowd size. Your friend should come... just get there early. See YOU at the VIP thang.
TGIWW, Thank God it's #WineWednesday! $10 off all bottles of wine all night
No better place to live but in Houston!!!!!
Storm, sex &d weed = that deal !
bahahahhaha!! keep the call me maybe parodies coming please!! :)
St Patty's day outfit 75% complete. OH SNAP!
yes its gonna be a lot of Fun iam very excited
ES WS seemed to have a lot of those.
Can't even lie, I really like this kid,. <3
#HardestThingsInLife for you guys seem to be getting me my glasses in less than a month.
2 Fish and 5 loaves... Multiplication ! !
..when lights were turned on discovery found three bottles of lydacane not used by paramedics but by conrad murderer..he killed mj :(
Medical Anthro from Harvard... I guess that counts, sort of...in a way.
Finally home...its a beautiful thing
DLG Engineering, Inc. has just been selected by the Greater Miami Chamber of Commerce as one of South Floridas' Top 100 Minority Businesses…
thank you!!! See you tonight!
i will support you till the end!! :D i LOVE u <33 xoxo follow back! ;)
That worked. Thanks!
Previous tweet is a true story or resembles my life pretty accurately, haha!
we really do all of us need a lutheran reunion
50/50 Cent is online twitter right now...would he sign me hire fifty to work for me
Thank you for stopping by!
Good, Stephanie.... Good. Bahahaha
My boyfriend's car won't start.
Dang i feel bad cuz neglected my new followers which are da bruhs
I have to say - It's weird to be hearing 's voice in the background while I watch on a different channel
Tina of ; at Psa jam
"I spring forth from the pages into your arms."
hillsong united is minutes away from stepping on stage!
I believe in
If I know more than I think I know that means that I didn't know that I didn't know
see you tonight I'll harass you then...maybe even beat you in thumb wrestling just to put u in your place!
What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things.
A game is coming your way! Don't be frightened by the horrific drawing.
Thanks so much for the follow=) xoxo
Looks like oil or diesel fuel poured on Monarch Pass descent. #CDOT on it.
for vacations do you like sun and sand or sightseeing?
Our team wishes you a Happy New Year full of chocolate adventures....Ashley, Alexandra and Jerome
YOU'RE GONNA BE SO HOTT!!
Six people on first Dahmer tour in Walker's Point.
"Fucking up takes practice; I feel I'm well rehearsed." ~ Goo Goo Dolls, "Only One"
call me 2104203577
A child makes the same mistake over and over. An adult corrects their mistake by trying something new.
Start your weekend off right!! Stop by !! Over 30 dancers tonight!!!!!!!
we knew it! We're a little psychic :-)
Coffeed-up for a big day today follow for details
THAT is the Aram and Cappy I remember from 2007...
Have you started planning your holiday parties? The more the merrier! We can host your party in our private dining room. Contact us today!
And the Commondorks, I mean Commonwhores, I mean.... You know what, doesn't matter. Cats win!
If you need a shoulder, or if you need a friend, I'll be here standing until the bitter end.
I know ! We haven't even taken the test yet >.< ughh but I'll Hurry hehe <3
Chargiin up my ipod
I think all he needs is a defense, he can put points up without a problem, he needs a defense that can hold teams to 17 points
When you're not watching , turn to for latest in entertainment news! Host is a USC alum!
Duke defector is the front-runner for NBA rookie-of-the-year. Should he have gone pro from H.S.? The NBA doesn't allow it.
my account on fizzyfamily.com got suspended and idky because i have not been on for like 2 or 3 weeks and now i cant get on at all
dude have you really reduced the jungle into the crappy game show Name That Tune I REALLY hope next segment you Step yo game up!
i sure hope so! cause i ate the chinese food like around 5!
Would u rather get a sneak peak of Everything I Do cover or Strangers from my album?
Thanks for the retweet
but the politics are deeply intertwined with who Chick-fil-a is. You can't have one without the other.
you text me.(:
5yrs ago I knew a lot of hiphop heads that wouldn't be caught dead listenin to "techno"
So your mom don't know?
I know I be so fn busy yo..my life speed went from 30 to 100 ever since I left BB. Smh. Lol. I be tired as shit.
it's in Oakland. My Yankees are playing my A's.
THANK YOU :)
Twitter is starting to become boring or it could just be my TL..
i live in Ny lol so start a walkin here
me to and i am ready for it lol
Wow, almost 5 and I've worked the night away! If i fall asleep now it's over--ok, think I'll get ready for today..ill sleep later. GM peeps!
Some of the Dance Mom stars are at the performance at Seton Hill today!
Thanks to everyone who's now following me...need some more!
Dumb question, but do bike pumps need a needle? I have a pump, but it wont fit on the tire.
Good 4th, rest of game was just ok.
#Bring!DtoHawaii !!!!!!! Come on guys !
Congrats to the homies and keeping Houston on the map on the r&b scene!
Happy Friday! Only one more week till Mobile World Congress! We can hardly wait!
Just finished a great night with the Bobby Broom Trio at home base - Pete Miller's in Evanston, IL
but like ... where she put the cell phone e.o
It's the Kobe show at Staples. Not that that's anything new...#watchoutNuggets 29 points, 11 in the third.
It's the last day of our 5 week Euro trip. Plan to wander a bit about Amsterdam, then come back to pack.
same were basically twins!!!
After a manicure and some bushy eyebrow weedwhacking, I almost feel human again.
Hey : do you know approx. when "TV is raising our children!!!" panic began? Peaked? Went into decline? Enquiring minds etc.
Thank you for following us at actinginla.org Were following you too!
We are on our way to 210 Westwood Place in Brentwood!! Sun is shining and great food, why wouldn't you stop by!?
"Police activity" at Wilson. Stay classy, CTA.
This game is in the refrigerator! The doors are lock, the eggs are cool, and the jello is giggling!!! Lakers #1 KB 24 MVP!!! :D
whats good with D.rose tho ?
good stuff so far from excellent dance moves on # 2
Girls say ppl are talking about you when your ears ring; and it's true bc guys are talking about how they ejaculated in your ears.
ALC Boot Camp is underway and going well at Manpower Group!!! Today's program: Career Exploration and College Information!
Looking for something different different in a social network check out THE EROTIC .com
and btw you're a cunt
Evolve or evaporate - Usher Raymond
I speak my mind because it hurts to bite my tongue.
Feel like a school girl when he looks up at me in the stands :))))
I went an created a gamer dna, for second chance game, same name as my first video I made, I am trying to get hip, like my kids...
I let em hide his weed in my titties ~
Yes! RT : Every tweet should have [citation needed] added to it.
Callahan is one heck of a captain! Great win
You can give without loving, but you cannot love without giving. - Amy Carmichael.
Watching The Blind Side :)
If you find my deals good. Please retweet it, so that your friends can also get benefit from those deals.
thats not too far from Chicago, not for a foxy zombie
It is 92 days, 23 hours, 10 minutes, 4 seconds until the start of the MLB season
You all rock! RT
Thanks for the RT!
Investors : Reply if interested in a quick 500x return. Deal can be closed w/o paperwork in 30 secs if you can break a $20.
It was you who did you do, You build a maze you cant get though!
Be sure to check out Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas. Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66!
Trying Yves hot dogs for the first time tonight. Hubby has been raving about them.
#YOLO eat horse tail
Congrats to rock star on election to #angelcapitalassociation board of directors
You is a closet freak, but you is a cute one. :)
Shot Me Out Of The Sky
Welcome! Follow back :)
ha so I dropped a butter knife on my toe and cut it open.... #brilliance!!
I lied. I'm not going to sleep yet
visit www.peakdiscovery.com
Fun facts about teeth: The average amount of money the Tooth Fairy pays per tooth is about $2.
"He grips the chair tensely and speaks hoarsely. His face slowly flushes crimson."- SERVITUDE
I'm trying a new recipe so we'll see how this goes over..lol..
Lmao, IM just saying. No different than Atlanta Lol
I wouldn't mind going on a cruise that only served PopTarts.
omg yes. omg we isz gunna be the next One Direction.
Change and growth take place when a person has risked himself and dares to become involved with experimenting with his own life. - H.Otto
CONGRATULATIONS! Ivy Lies been named Band Of The Week at Sunset Island Music.Theyll be featured on 5POINTSLIVE and The Rock Show on 96.5 FM
that sounds really good!!
ok i wasnt gonna say nothin but DAMN ur abs are amazing!!! ok bye lol
I don't think any of you are ready for this new cover song. Seriously.
Sometimes, its better to be a fool to go after what we want & need, rather than to regret everything in the end because we never even tried.
u r nvr on here punk!!!
Ahaha yes! He looks even sexier!
haha well yeah I love winter rain and snow ..! :)
fuck what the monster said somehow the monster's dead
Um RT : #SecDef welcomes Israeli Minister of Defense Ehud Barak to the Pentagon tomorrow.
very true.
I hate not remembering what I said
Couple of books you're missing: THE WHOLE FREAKING HARRY POTTER SERIES, The Tenth Circle and Nineteen Minutes by Jodi Picoult
Thank you, Good Friend:)
Werrrrrrd.. RT : lol it could be a possibility , i'll be in the area anyway
is she texting u again?!
Well played match by Chelsea today, phenomenal performance.
:) you are nice
Playing a Benefit Show Saturday October 1st at Sonoma State University's Green Music Center...4pm, more details to come...
Going to see in NYC ...... That moment when you have only 4 minutes left and you type your name wrong to hurry up :D
no! When can I come visit?
It's actually a lot like that....
stomach ache -
we should go to the aquarium, i have never been! haha
Dunno. Got any suggestions?
Your face will melt off and your family will explode.
time for work!
Clicking a Facebook link or searching Google for credit card processing is a good way to get a deal right? Want to know how it works?
I can its 10:32 pm good night love you
Niki works Saturday, but we'll convince her. :)
I'm watching.
Clippers game with Chadwick's parents missing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
what #40DAYS are you kidding me? You want us to wait for #40Days duh, it's impossible:(
Got that right.
Enjoy one of Summer's few remaining weekends with pizza and ice cold beer on the patio. You won't regret it!
Your Life Is An Even BIGGER Joke If You Think Kobe Suck
haha its all good! Its boring.
Cant wait!! RT : #ppandf2 THIS SATURDAY !!!!!!
Enough with the salsa already, let's see he he does next year
its disappointing that mlg is considering a game which requires little skill (cod) over halo. bad choice.
/ A little #BUZbuz s/o to the ringers from our last BUZhunt #SWAG Round contest. May the best tweets win...
Get on a song wit me for a loww price, naw fuk it.. You make the price! Holla at me. You make the price it's a done deal!
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Taylor Gang or Die. Haha
guess they only work half days
Does Bee dubs on the levee have power??
Packing art to show at the Las Vegas Expo...
I meant RT For an honest DM
Zero Dialect this sun at Southport Hall in Nola!!
An affiliate program is where I would get a commission if I refered people to you.
Half off wine by the bottle all day long at Purple Bellevue and Woodinville. Stop on by and sample something you have never tried before :-)
It's like.... Whaaaattt??? How does that even make sense?
LOL. Your two little buddies.
Still feel sick wish i had gone to school! :(
Fair enough!
I'm uncomfortable with the fact that every bartender I encounter will discover my actual age
he's jealous.
Thank you for the follow. Robert
Get'n Fresh!!!
That's our goal -- to make getting a haircut as convenient for you as possible. Glad you find it valuable.
Letting things happen.. really blows up in your face
just be ghetto fabulous, steal her clothes and bf... #problemsolved =]
yeah, we get it, most talented players fall into that category. Such a lazy description.
Scarfing down an AMAZING breakfast sandwich from !
I'll be sure to check it out! Thanks for the head's up!
I need one of those signed!
brett and i are working on "falling still: short answers"! stay tuned..
Thanks for following, , , , !
"Sprinkle of Greatness" mixtape COMING FEB. 2012! Featuring Tex! Release party in the works!
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 9
Anymore heat doubters????
sunset was a success!
Kudos to millennial post-punk pop bands who played @ Comet last night: C'Mon C'Mon, Jaguar Paw, Wheelie, Hollywood 77. Add to Puget Sounds?
It'll be quick. It's only 2 minutes :)
Today I'm gonna buy the all new BlackBerry Curve 9360!!! Ho yeah! ;-)
Having volleyball withdrawals ....
Thx for RT! Check out our website and let us help get ur vacant listings noticed online & sold fast!
I Will Forever Love No Matter What Anybody Says. <33333
Thank you for standing against misogyny!
RT : Most teenagers want drugs, alcohol and parties. I just want twitter and Justin Bieber.... my parents should be proud.
P.S. All of this is tearing me apart. I don't know where us or this start.
Fine! Let him come find me! RT : I think Gronk may have something to say about that.
Rain, a good book, and damn good coffee! :]
LEND ME MONEY FOR CHEETOS!
You are the best thing thats ever been mine!!(:
Rule #1 of today's web development... Do NOT have music auto-playing on your website. Not cool and very 1999ish.
say it ain't so...reports say #cutler has a broken thumb and could miss 6-8 weeks after surgery
I can cook!
Currently Allerent Consulting is one of only a few companies offering social media consultation services focused on small businesses.
"What's wrong with me?" I asked out loud to no one in particular. "It's the dork in me, you," was the reply. What?
is irc down too? Cant connect from phone
I would have never pegged you as a person who watched skins! Which series are you in?
Best ad so far: Audi's "Release the Hounds"
I wish I lived close to you ladies :) You have to come to Chicago soon!
Lamar, follow the new twitter home of WLT radio!
at one of my favorite Starbucks locations in Nashville on 21st Avenue (Vandy campus)!
girl you're just a couple exits and a state away bring yo ass LOL
Life is limited so grow some balls and find the right person for you and stay by their side no matter what. YOLO. XD
finally listened to One Direction
Ugh do the nasty with me bieber
looks like someone trying to jump out the way of 44 and not bringing both his legs.
I feel bad for people that have to keep up a fake persona. Must be a lot of work to keep that up.
Need R&B beats? Contact me at
Probably not, I was just creeping on your twitter
No question. Mere "suggestions of the familiar", not true discovery.
Sitting in the greenroom and I hear someone, on stage, start singing the lyrics from YMCA. Gotta love the theatre!
Hanging with Jenni and the 2 "P's"! Getting ready for Connection Group, it's one of the highlights of my week!
INCOMPLETE PASSES book signing, 4-5 this afternoon Oconto, WI. Come talk #books and #Packers!
Its funny how people keep saying so & so for prom king, queen, prince, and princess. You cant do that or you are disqualified. Hehe.
i follow back just mention me
Congratulations! Hines & Kim are the winners of Dancing With The Stars!
Ok, it's 8pm and I have spent ALL DAY screwing around with TOOLS and not actually getting my project done. So frustrating.
I have just created a new list titled 'University of Virginia' using TweetDeck, follow it here: /university-of-virginia
Baby bite the pillow
want to grab a drink later?
Seven car crash John Nolen EB. Traffic backed up to the far end of Olin Park. Avoid the area.
miss you ladies like crazy!
reread what I wrote. jackass
RT if you're ready for warped tour 2012!!
Guess I should get some sleep before my opens tomorrow. Come look at some houses!
Today, September 5 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Robert Steffen | Actor, Musician, Producer | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
follow back?
why thank you very much.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. -Confucius
sweet, I may have a chance to redeem myself at darts haha
ironman! :D and yours?
Dear ItsMe, thanks for following!
I'd definitely vote for that. Phone calls, too. RT I wish there was a 'spam' button for paper mail.
His father [Earl Woods] prepared him for everything except the celebrity---Lewis Black in Golf Digest
really interested in learning more about Digital Ops Center- i'm located in DC how can i volunteer?
I sure know what it's like to be alone
May the fourth be with you! Happy Star Wars Day!!
how is it?
got a new truck. Awesome. You must come investigate. Paxton (sorry, don't have my own twitter handle yet )
haha me and my cousin have been waiting for it to come back on forever!
Just ordered a 3 month subscription for my Godmother as a Mother's Day gift.
interesting. was writing a review for _Better Then The Best_ about black athlete's cognizance of role in civil rights mvmt
because I'll be the key to unlock the light in your universe!
hey bro what's good??Lets talk tonight to catch up
tough break.. He sure is a back breaking player!
New Mexico just became the 11th state granted a #NCLB waiver, according to Ed Dept. No word yet on whether it's conditional.
Details on how to win tickets from Ward's facebook & twitter coming soon! One week away! Come visit us on the IF grounds.
RT : Social demands transparency. Be it a political campaign or brand, social voice is a powerful fact checker.
Love my CATS now 1-0 on the SEC road !!! GO BIG BLUE !!!!!!
Entrepreneurial Lesson #3: Learn to accept the idea that all ideas don't either get big or go home; some live in the space in between.
the point is to keep leftovers for NEXT week. I don't think that'll last long enough. And even if it does, I'm not trying it.
kinda bored
It's only 7 at night and this place is already a ghost town... someone save me from this misery
doing homework. cool kid right hurrr.
This girl with self snap photos taken with a nintendo ds is tryna talk to me on facebook.....
Hope everyone is doing dandy!
dragon ball z Kai and gt air on nicktoons + wat about naruto, bleach, and fmab that air on adult swim
the Knicks probably should just leave the game with bags over their heads. That team has so much potential, but they are terrible at times.
Attention! My cellphone is not working. If you need to reach me, please email .
#MelloyDodge - We are here to help! Drop by our showroom today at 9621 Coors Blvd. NW Albuquerque, New Mexico.
We're thinking ahead to our May Food & Wine issue, which features our annual Hot Plate awards. What are some of your ABQ food favorites?
can't even tell you how excited we are! “: So who's excited for 8.6? #spop12”
you know you've made it when your music gets played at a down home pool hall.
nice!! I love Hannah. She's so nice!!
Call our Professional Bridal Consultant about our AMAZING Sunday special pricing.(405)879-7015
lol oh shit I didnt even notice it was...i was caught up in the moment
Hope you feel better soon!
Thans for the follow!
Businesses should provide outdoor work space environments, encouraging employees to get some fresh air each day bringing their work outside.
be careful u don't get charged with aggravated assault <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
sweet avi bro Heyman Guys..lol that's classic!
it's the only bad thing about wearing a jean jacket
GOD IS A DJ, LIFE IS A DANCEFLOOR, LOVE IS THE RHYTHM, YOU ARE THE MUSIC! RT
I'm flattered! It's just a way to ward off boredom. ": your road trip live tweeting is nothing short of inspired, my friend."
It's crazy at the FedEx forum. The grizz are rockin!!!!
so how's Miami man?!?!
Indiana man charged with child sexual exploitation
Bosque bike trail is SO gr8 after resurfacing. Thx 2 city of ABQ 4 putting to good use money saved from other project! On trail tmrw!
MLB At Bat '12 drops today. I think Im disproportionally excited for that, but it means the season is THAT much closer.
Happy Halloween Everyone!!!
Embrace your inner nerd.....
I'd joke about proximity, but it might not travel well. Night-night. Love.
Tonight sara and taylor are going to do a cover of weightless by all time low and if we succeed we will post the video
I don't really even do that...at least this year. I am so uninterested to a point
I miss my girl. Sittin here pretty damn bored right now
I just found a poop stain on my shirt.
I would love that RT great. we going to have a Universal Studio Date coming soon
walking the path of greatness...
Hey, no problem red line "door hugger," I'll just walk through you.
follow back??
Picking up paint for my box..... #
Awww yeah... chilled wit' my girls --- #DaddyTime! No better way to spend the weekend!
#CLIPPERS 71 #Memphis 63 5:58 left in 3rd quarter. DJ headed to FT line.
How do I go to bed at least 2 hours after everyone else, and I'm the first one up... Come on people!
It bugs me how people think they're a mahomie just because they think Austin is cute. no. go away.
familiar w/ the highland park store. That'll be sufficient. I'll leave your chicken and probably get some
Looking for some cheap chalkboards. I think I'll try City Liquidators today.
#Rockies Scutaro starting to pick up his bat. 4 hits last night, gets on with a single and comes around to score in first tonight.
Know any youth (14-18) in BC who might be interested in this awesome (FREE)opportunity?! Spread the word! cpawsbc.org/getoutsidebc
An average of 8,000 Americans are injured by musical instruments every year
#yougetpoints if you can name the first 151 pokemon without cheating.
Thank you for the Pinterest invitation! To share the kindness, if anyone else wants an invite, just let me know!
At smokey bones ( :
Shout out to
Fell asleep while driving... Oops!
well you know now :p and isnt even on the list ;)
I hate when you call a customer service line ready to rip them a new one, but the rep is so nice that you can't.
Stock market down again on European worries. Is that really news after a year?
Going to the game, wearing almost every piece of clothing I own except my Broncos jersey.
oh god what's going on?! Haha I can only imagine
Sarcasm is just one of the many services I offer to people who ask dumb questions.
Transcripts are a great idea, a wonderful community effort. I still wish they'd break up their shows into reasonable chunks.
You've managed to figure Twitter out.
I could really care less about this game lol
Thanks for sharing Neal. I really liked the song.
Thanks for MT!
awesome, congrats. let's catch up sometime.
Nice little post-work reception spent catching up with some familiar faces and gabbing with the fellow Canucks in the room.
Packing up wardrobe for shoot today! So excited!!
This morning my 10-month old grabbed the remote and recorded This Week with George Stephanopoulos. Getting an early start on politics...
Never forget where you came from.....
up and down graduation eve.. fired up right now. Luckily, highlighted the night, and came through like true family
lol i was entertained by the twitter thugs bashing on you these cats are lame fcuk philly! Hhaha i got you P
Survived our final School of Music audition day. Very excited that we have a whole lot of students interested in enrolling at
yes! advanced copies just went out this week.
Will be playing in that area. Wont be going downtown.
Emergency Extractor
Standing in line waiting to FINALLY break the silence!!
your a scene
Haven't bowled and open frame since called me out.
Looks like they're going Phil Donahue style in pro social media forum.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
Dear "Popular People," They didn't name candy after you did they? Sincerely Nerds.
it'd be awesome if #SportingKC gets a Cruz Azul player in return. Gerardo Torrado? :D :D
i don't think i'm going to school tomorrow... (:
so... (that's all you need to make an otherwise uneventful statement a joke, right?) so...
Anyone want to OCCUPY Mainstreet Pub w/me this afternoon?
last one there has to set up the outside tables in the rain
At least it show's he can still hit something
takes the stage to talk about why it's hard to get paid for free and how to do it
i dont enjoy watching science movies
MOST People are bitches...
Yesterday 30 mi. & a half day off in Sandpoint, ID. More books! Today 88 mi. to Ione, WA-about time! Camping along Pend Orielle River in ...
thx Brian. #CES is coming-up quickly & we R extremely excited 2 show the world!!! Will U B thr?
then force all of their apps to run on the newest
drove out there almost fell asleep.
From all of us here at the Space Room Lounge, we wish you a huge happy Easter!
ditto RT : Had a great time last night in #SYR with and learning about
This is some funky weather sprinkling with the sun in my face I luv it
Every time I tweet or , 's phone goes off like 3 times.
Sessions start nice to be workin
Unsure, resend to Thanks
This sub is annoying the fuck out of me!
Wish I could speak another language fluently
We're closed until Tuesday, January 10th, for our annual winter hibernation and spruce up at Acme Hotdogs! See you soon!
GAH! Sorry guys, I guess the preview was just a rumor? So upset... Who would do such a thing to our fragile fangirl hearts?! -Caitlin xx
Need to see L.A. kickin the ball out to you and hit that 3. You could be home in SEA. next night for home cookin.
Keep your head, standards, and heels high
Follow me so I can send u a message.
Sitting in the parking lot of the yoga studio, girl next to me just got out the car with a large McDonald's pop.
When was the last time a viciously anti-gay person was feted by the media?
The cops were absolutely unjustified RT : that was some insane shit!!
what show?
Very much looking forward to playing tonight at Cornelia Street Cafe with , , Chris Tordini, and Tommy Crane
These people who decided to get trashed on the train are calling me "rockabilly".
I need a massage.
I'm speechless about the regime & how people are targeted. These issues hit close to home, like your grandmother in disguise.
Are there any local bands in your area that you think are good? Let us know who they are! =)
Block party today 110 Morningside NE. Food, music, car show, and shopping! Hope to see you there!
Wdf Says Yo Momma So Fat Rice Krispe Treats Dont Want Like Smh Dude You Lame Af To Say That.
Honesty Hour: I don't like the movie Caddyshack.
so that you'll never forget
Great first day with the Nortonians at the 2011 SHA conference.
I'm ready to see a kick ass Daytona 500 been waiting all weekend for this
now it's time to come to L.A
I love me being albino it wasn't so pleasant in the beginning but now it's kinda good ... Enjoy your day everyone
Carrots rock.
Mocking bird above Sings: "Repeat!" "Repeat!" "Repeat!" Or is it "Replete!"?
Almost but still need a few more days": Is this you, recharged and ready to head back to the classroom? Battery Full 100% ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦"
You are. Just ignore those people...
I'm at the W hotel right now trying to get a room....
just hauling trash cans out
Work bull shit.
If you are too lazy to walk a few feet to a crosswalk then maybe you deserve to.......just sayin
Laptop is really sluggish lately. Time to defrag. Have to be able to surf through all the good poetry this National Poetry Month.
cool. Also, well done going to sweetwater during your first week in town!
Happy Mothers Day to ur Mom<3
That logic is bulletproof! I can't wait to meet Puppy Pants.
thanks for the retweet!
WILL EVERYONE GO FOLLOW !!! PLEASEE!
What the heck did I do to my neck. I cannot move it at all :(
I'm very sick of fighting it's hurting me
Nia tonight at 6 pm in Campbell. I hope to see you there!
Gym complete <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
she just did my whole algebra exam study guide to study from while I just chilled there, and then have Neal a talking to
You also have to look at the expectations. The #Ravens were expected to be in super bowl contention, and lost the way they did.
really cool
R.I.P Ryan Dunn:/
I'm an Atlanta copywriter. Let's talk!
RT : Don't forget, Packer and Badger specials during the games. Stop out for a good time and touchdown shots!
Suddenly looking for work. Was just laid off from Dublin and Associates. It was a good job.
Today is da bomb
What can ever stop you from getting money? ? Scared money don't make NO $$$$$$$
Totally but it knows it. Now it's insufferable.
I got my dvr ready to record doug!
#OhioState basketball team leaves Wed. for New Orleans. Will bus from High and Woodruff to High and West 11th on way to airport @ 5:15-5:30
now I can follow you, hope we can talk cowboys and good and bad medicine
Friday night - the Gradylady - a Super Sized PSYCH Premier - and closing in on a month at AxD. Life is good.....
How's that?
Do something wrong? Let's do something cliché to make it better.
Decided to go for a night walk. There's police helicopters circling my neighborhood. Oops.
Electrolytes killed.
And the Bay area loves you. You did the darn thang last night at Yoshi's!!
Surround me in dubstep. #You'reAllINeed
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 21
ATL is so cold and they call it hotlanta - where is the hot in the Atlanta
thanks man, great win. Is that Whiz Khalifa singing about the Steelers and Pens? Haha
Im good and its fine that you have a life outside of twitter. But you might have to make up for being late... ;)
joe I am loving this article. Thanks for sharing :)
Listen at 4:30p as and announce the College Coach of the Year nominees.
I guess it's a no on cutting my layers today...
Gr8 movie bro! RT : Finally sitting here about to watch Mission Impossible. Heard it was great.
Evidently, I have good taste: Natl. Geo. also used Hubble pic of Orion nebula as their bookcover!
Thanks for buying the book and for the tweet!
could you please follow me back....ILY MORE THAN ANY SINGER EVER!!!!! <3
any features
Hey HomeDepot guy,FYI- My hubby is MY assistant not vice versa & I don't have a plumber- I'm DIYing.
Do the editing of the video. The movie you make will get you to Spike Lee.
Everyday should start with some dip and duty!
Please help us share our news by following us and recommending that your followers do the same!
Did stage direction for a new musical in front of amazing writers in the entertainment industry
They're super busy right now- no worries, I'll make sure I see all of the apps!
Thank you for the #FF love. Still happy to be in your Twittersphere! Hope all is well.
will do...most definitely
Waiting for to call me for our annual anthem and coin toss bet.
Salazar won't run - endorses Hickenlooper for Colorado gov. How do you think Hick will play outside Denver?
good look on the new video; still crushin on you BAN.
Off to the tang dead... dead... I want to eat victorias semi annual... slash! Free... pair...pair of guts! -V
Doing an annotated bib on classification and cataloging. Man, I love being a #library science student.
Accurate name-calling can be done by people of all ages, boss. Next time keep your opinion on such a sensitive subject to yourself
Shopping List: Hunger Games shirt and gray Vans.
Have fun out there, Greg! Get the evil eyes ready for those who dare to applaud or cheer during the debate. ;-)
YES! My hubby would be perfect for that job!
A 3:45am wake-up call is surprisingly more bearable when new travel is on the horizon.
Everybody Who Follow's Get "Followed" Right Back', Though I Dont Discriminate,"Follow 4 Follow! {I UNFOLLOW BACK WITH THE QUICKNEST}
What about article level usage factors? That would be interesting.
2010 grand total : 3,843 beer tap t shirts on people I do not know. Sure will be neat to see one someday on a strange person!
You truly make me happy and everytime I hear your name or see you it puts a smile on my face. How do you do it?! I'm a lucky guy :)
I got coffee
Early morning shout out to all you #VCU grads! #vcu2012 Glad to help you launch your career right here!
OMG REALLY!? Ah :D
hmm yeah if it doesn't rain!(:
For new music follow
lol it sounds good to me :)
Aha, we only talked a couple times before on my old account. & you seem pretty chill! :D
love u both and your music
Lunch is on the brain!!!
aww man :( you're missin out!!!
thanks sweet nephew! Please send link to post your music video. Keep "Aiming High!" The best is ahead...xoxo
Its Christmas Time today where I am. Maybe I will be on sometime today before my family comes. I have my special gift to give to my dad
are you going tonight babe?!
cause it's the coolest pop-up space & team ever! RT cause they have the most creative, imaginative lounge furniture
Chillin at BWW's wit my homeboy
Earl the goat Manigault was the best player that never made it and Lebron James look like the best player that will never win!!
That's Why I Chose Yale
Bout to be a real big misunderstanding round this bitch #furnituremovingjack!
& watching Think Like A Man On Bootleg !
I'm drinking 200-year old scotch out of a hollowed-out unicorn horn. How's your Tuesday going?
Happy Friday and Opening Day - Go Brewers!
Babies, get ready for a new #YOUTUBE vid! #Music!
Why is it so hard for me to stay happy?
After a very warm welcome from the Ark Church I visited Southern Baptists church. Met a lot of great people!
I ain't sleeping. I'm just taking a good look at the insides of my eyelids.'
please follow she is you biggest fan!11
Busy Workin extra hard and goin to school my daughters BDay is coming up so I gotta go in
#FF Market favorites!
No idea what this chick said! I couldn't hear her over the sound of how perfect her tits are.
I hope posts tonight <3(:
I don't think I've ever hurt this bad in my life. It keeps getting worse. I just want to go back in time, to when things were perfect.
Happy day off!!
Niggas is lame man, straight up B.A.N.'s.
know you like WWE. but do you follow Nascar , and if so, have a fav driver?
leaving tomorrow afternoon, we're meeting now at The Library on Sixth if you're up for it. Where you be?
In piano class Practicing for our finals nxt month :/ all u ppl tht are almost out of school are some lucky b****** -.- i still gotta month
yes hopefully :)
can you now?!
And that's why you're the woman lol :)
m. but it would be tough not to drink wine in Napa.
#APPL knocks it out of the park. Again. Despite the idiots (and they know who they are) who predicted gloom and doom.
Errands and emails today!!
FOLLOWING THE REAL fuck that police ass nigga WILLIAM ROBERTSON tryna be Rick Ross
Only watching ANTM's All-Stars because they brought back
RT : "A typical American eats 28 pigs in a lifetime." Wondering if that's true. [can you say 'bacon'?
RT : Best way to kill your enemies? SMILE
QoTD: "Continuous effort, not strength or intelligence, is the key to unlocking our potential." (Liane Cardes)
idk y bt i just had 2 tweet u 'cause u are my idol&the girl who inspired me to dance hope u feel good& i hope u see this :D
No prob! What else do you cover? I'm co-hosting an event on Sun. for Southern Fashion Bloggers. It's networking + small biz support.
Bandana Tied, Red Lipstick, & Misfits Shirt :D
oh my god that photo I can't wait for the video any longer asdgjwcld
Chocolate fountain at the Golden Corral is a good idea in theory. Practice gets you a staph infection via people double dipping their ham.
I'll figure you're good for it...
#ThingsWeAllHate not getting your #BlacklightPartyOct22 and being able to go... (hint hint hint)
Guardian of Democracy
Registered for the conference! Park City in June? Definitely scored the best trip in my department.
double eagle.... wow...
Apparently, the REI dividend is in. Looks like I have a night of shopping ahead. :)
": A typical #Gemini pattern is to order a range of drinks through the course of the night."
I will let you know later tonight about the prices & I just emailed you those PDF's!
Thnx 2 Tree Baltimore, the trees have arrived! Tmr is gonna B great. If I get one tree into the sidewalk b4 the monsoon, I've made progress.
congrats to all that graduated today :*
A stoner with a peanut allergy is a sad stoner.
Are colleges really preparing our kids for the workplace??
This Mariner game is a smoking train wreck. Trying to amuse myself while I watch this team combust.
Nope, thanks for the follow-up.
You can keep going long after you think you can't. So GO, Go, GO!!
Playing black opps wit my bro
Here at Petersburg on June 15, 1864, African-American troops recorded their first major success of the war in Virginia.
Yes I am very proud :) They are one of my favorites!
Looking forward to a great 2012!
i know im late but thanks <U+E105>
yep no problem :) how are things?
Laying at the beach <3
definitely but I have seen him and the btch mess w e.o before we went out, I dont think he's lying
Out of all the times a week i eat at mcdonalds, the one time i crave it .. nope.
I know so dear ;)
possible next step for union would be to add teachers to that list ...
Can we also put a line on how much longer keeps his job at the bank?
Why is 'The Incredibles' trending? Ank' that movie 100 years old... Then we got 'JustinBieberVEVO' trending, he has been hacked.
(And that's where I think pay fences work. Raleigh had one; does it still exist?)
think i might go check the Lakers game at the bar
Ok but haven't we heard that story before - it better be epic!
Let the beauty we love be what we do. ~ RUMI
Spin class! Lets do this!!
==>Kudos 2 All The Women That's Proud 2 **Suck Dick** LOL
Going to be recording some more in the studio tonight! www.3sgiants.com! CD coming soon! Hope all is going well!!! :)
1 more day!!
Spent a great weekend in conversation re: communion understanding & practies with a variety of lay folks across the conference. Was a Hoot!
That's much more sane. Not like having 2 breakfasts and ice cream while solemnly swearing to eat a salad at some point.
BULGARIA BULGARIA BULGARIA! Wish #NKU's Chamber Choir luck as we compete in the European Grand Prix!
#Caps Halpern says he's planning on playing next year
Lovely holiday lunch at Mercer Kitchen (lasted until 4:30) and now must take care of the final few batches of brownie gift orders.
thanks for the love today Brian!
It's been a great 15 years ... headed out of Philly for the last time. By Friday this week, Chicago will be home!
Watched the #brewers win today, now it's time for the #Canucks to take the presidents trophy. Watching free pay per view.....
i was wondering if could follow me back, please?:)
Wish me luck on my Softball Game?(: <3 Cause your just that Amazing!(; & because I love you!!<33
Offensive foul.. KMart. ugh Maybe I need a shower. lol
Next Google bank account....watch your money rise and fall
TIP OFF in 10 minutes!! #CLIPPERS & DEFEND HOME COURT 6 pm (PST). will ROCK!
Pumpkin hunting? Ha!
I'm not gonna do a cosplay this year. I couldn't get my shit together. But like....I DEF wanna try the anime eyes.
I'm gonna make a cover of Frank Ocean's Thinkin' of you. A Video of me singing [;
Really enjoyed talking to and Ben Sturner of about "Lindorsements." Story coming Monday on
Happy Earth Day! Do something to preserve our planet.
way a go Kuroda and
He is the happiest baby I know! :) RT : Q7 - he's still a baby but he would say "fun" bc he's always happy and laughing
thank you for the love bruh...
Thanks for the RT, Kirby. Now what does it take to follow each other? :) I tweet a ton of work stuff, so I get it if you "pass"
i am such a city guy but i miss views from the top of parking garages at malls/apartments
Next #outrageousbiz - fix your #manicure via #ToeTruck, which you could find via
will you pierce mine?!?!!!
Happy mother's day sweetheart! I love you!!!
Now double your money and make a stack
Buckley Guitars from Austin, Texas are setting the new standard for electric guitars!
"Never let a man persuade you into having an open relationship. A man who loves you won't want to share you."
I love my mommy.
Brookfield plan commission unanimously voted to move ahead with permit for mosque. Goes to full council now for consideration. 2.5 hr hrg
I hate when people see me cry, it makes me feel so weak
We love you Cleveland
You will hear many things, but know much less.
yeah, that you St. Mary's for screwing up that in bound pass.
art is finally getting surgery... The world is about to get a little less grossed out
I disagree, of course.
Survived (and enjoyed!) #SNCA12. Now to celebrate #NCSU 's 125th birthday! Happy Birthday, #NCSU !!!
Ahh!! I just went to China for Spring Break... It was Amazing :D
unfortunately josh you can't swim. hah jk brah
wait, Bristol has a memoir? How does she even have any memories worth reading at that age?
I agree with everything in that last RT
Come on Barca! Mes que un club!
Love isn't blind, it's retarded.
Our State Legislature closed yesterday with a new record. It accomplished less in less time than any of its predecessors. [1944-03-19]
...obviously cold adapted, dark-skinned self. the human body does not adapt in a beneficial way to...
OKC is amazing right now! #NBA I see Heat/NY OKC/Lakers for Finals.
Oops. Left coffee off the email address.
Life is like sailing. You can use any wind to go in any direction. ~ Robert Brault
Claro n.n
Am i supposed to
im going through a lot of shit right now. Sorry
That is fantastic:))) What an accomplishment for SKJ.. You must be so proud.
I Live My Life Never Without Weed, That's Something You Best Believe!
that's something you need to do , cus I've been waiting for it forever... Chill, I'm whallin' right now lmao
i love you <U+2665>
RT Harbaugh wasn't impressed by stamina of his rookies... including 1st-rounder AJ Jenkins were flagging by midsession
EVERYONE FOLLOW ---> <--- SHE'S 1 OF MY BEST FRIENDS & SHE LOVES JUSTIN BIEBER!! :) <3 SHE NEEDS FOLLOWERS! THANKS! <3
I really enjoy reading your blog, it's a refreshing perspective vs the sensationalism of mainstream media
there's a new yoga/Pilates studio in mt wash you should try with me!
“Genius is of small use to a woman who does not know how to do her hair.” Edith Warton, The Touchstone.
“: no doubt bruh pick me up 2 pairs of those cavs 4's” make it 4
Any food bloggers who would answer a few ?s for a student journalist briefly? Please DM me.
well thats cool! hope u have a great day! would love if u would follow me , but if u dont i understand! :)
Join me and 'Like' the Angels for Animals Network on facebook. You can help save some cute pups in the Southern California area!
follow back homie
I'm such a terrible sister. I swear, I don't deserve a sister as good as I really need to get my priorities together. :(
"I can give you a deal.. 2 for the 3..." Um that's not a deal..that's robbery... U mean 3 for the 2?
take it easy, I'll be busy forgetting that you called me "broseph".
What company has the best/cheapest phone plan right now?
thank you, you have a happy day as well!
You can bandage the damage, you can never really fix a heart
#W00T RT Politics+Beer+Geeks= ! Officially booked 4/23 show w/ & host w/ most
if u want to see what we do, check out the new 'service' page on the site... but we can basically do anything u could imagine - just ask! =)
Neither to I. It seems rather pointless.
u know WE ALL LUV U SS!!!!
Need training? We come to you. 365 days out of the year we continue to train. www.policemountainbiketraining.com
It has to be Robinson or this game is over.
#mythoughtsatschool when the fuck is this class over
Looks like just got a few new fans in Iowa. Drafted #Osemele from Iowa State.
it's on every other song here.
Good to hear :) Thank you for the question!
So since I started this campaign, I have started having lots of stomach acid pumping
I Got My Vlados Today For Skooll..!!! Yay There The Same Ones The ICONic Boyz Had (:
Experts in digital marketing in Argentina? See for
Yeah, cold algorithmic robot feelings! Time to account for post-robot-pocalyse cit journ... or, you know, maybe not.
when sent me those I told her Jammie dodger sounded like a swear/insult "Stick it up your Jammie dodger!"
If you're looking for a waterbed at a garage sale, the price should be the least of your concerns.
Collecting syllabi, creating calendars and following Nancy Pearl on Twitter. Ready for a new semester...
I like all of my feminine products to have a brawny Celtic Goddess on the front.
You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure- Zig Ziglar
Temacious D-rize of the fenix, go listen to it now.
it's saying, "bad URL" D:<
Better you than me :p : I am in my own personal hell.
Trust is like a mirror... when you break it, you can fix it, but it takes time and when it is finally fixed, there will always be cracks.
Now it says that I'm following you :D
What time will you be on the air tomorrow?
Back beast! Away from the snacks!
gotta make dinner tonight based around potato waffles as requested by the bf.
Post your favorite digital learning tools to the ALASC Facebook page for
Things I don't want to do today: go outside.
The moral of the story is that all media is slanted to the view of the publisher, liberally!
The #letitrip segment scheduled for tonight is postponed until tomorrow evening. Hoping those affected by the storms are safe.
Such poor taste! RT : Whats ur opinion on the "Homeless Hotspot" issue @ #SXSW? Do u think it was a good idea or poor taste?
thanks for providing the soundtrack for my trip home. Some good tunes on your list.
recruits "dream team" of great teachers to create brief video lessons on common core standards.
Nothing but good things in 2012 family!
your late! you should of been here hours ago....
CAC talk - Mesulam - PPA research has highlighted the importance of ant. Temp lobe to the language network
THE #TEAMDRG CYPHER ROSTER WILL BE ANNOUNCED AT 9:45 PM STAY TUNED
help help me ronda
If Lee Harvey Oswald were put on trial today he would be found not guilty either by insanity or some Bleeding Judge would throw out
Ah nice!!!! Send me some details man. I've already got two shows booked - would definitely like to add a third.
Of course you'll go!:D
we just celebrated 8 weeks on the Jazz Billboard Charts!!!! Much <3 2
you should follow me back.... Im a huge fan!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I've been really into high fives lately
Bark-out to this pawsome group! Please follow them! Doesn't their logo kick major @$$?
Bad night for baseball. I was watching 2 games and both my teams blew it late. Well get em next Time brewers and Rockford peaches.
Man it bet not rain today!
dude, we were at Peabody together ;)
So classic. I just blasted that image around the office and a ripple of guffaws and chuckles ensued.
I got 121,117,941 points while escaping from demon monkeys
No man is truly married until he understands every word his wife is NOT saying.
A Brief Reputation Search Results Optimization
These miles of running better be worth it....
For all you single moms, form a line to the left, it's gonna be a busy day
Had the weirdest dream last night. A house I've never seen keeps reappearing in my dreams. I can remember it's every corner in detail.
RT Goodell, criticized for disciplining players too harshly, makes statement with 1-year suspension of coach, Sean Payton.
Thanks!! The event turned out great!
WARN law generally requires an employer to provide notice 60 days in advance of covered plant closings and covered mass layoffs
I actually really like bridge 19's version of "somebody that I used to know"
Haha ah man. TrueRT : In UK's spring game, the first string will start out with a 14-0 deficit. Just like a regular SEC game.
I don't know. Depends on if the party started the night before!
super tuesday and looking for some hu action
just laid down the loudest fart infront of the whole English class #eww #nasty #<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0083>
I still believe in aliens, but I gave up my Nazi attire for a rangers jersey. The rangers are planning the blitzkrieg against SF
#fridayreads "Astonishing Life of Octavian Nothing, Vol 1: The Pox Party," by MT Anderson. Excellent book.
I miss my Racing Milestones days...Phoenix was my favorite track to cover!
Celtics win now it's the Lakers turn maybe not
why aren't you in city council now? Medical marijuana isn't important to u? Not doing your job!!!
Cycling meets Apple iOS - Runtastic Road Bike - have your fans cheer you on
Just ate 450 calories in one bite. That was a tasty butterhorn!
Now chalmers with 4 fouls RT : george hill has accounted for over 33% of the pacers' points.
Ha. To AFP this year, not NTEN though. You?
"An Unexpected Summer Of Growth" great article!
hear hear! no truer words about "genius wrangler" & where did cool lightning graphic come from?
Sometimes, I just look at Austin and think: "Wow. Is it even legal to be that sexy? Omg."
I mean I did. And apparently you did. The question is why didn't we see it together?
Almost ready to start filming!
Education is a process of living, not preparation for future living -John Dewey
Looking forward to working with to give backpacks to our children this year! We're so grateful for their donations!
I really enjoy following - he's definitely not boring and quite funny to boot!
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce and they move on to a better future.
MA lightning storm in winter?
ha! Too damn much...
I am so drunk!!
yeah, I've never seen the original #startrek, so I just started watching them on Netflix. Good stuff!
Sad indeed!! :( Much love to you D.J <3 Have an awesome day
Watching the movie Friends With Benefits..
i seriously need to do a photoshoot asap! i miss working on set!
: you as well
if you listen to one direction don't even bother talking to me..unles you're
god morning ..
I honestly forgot he was still in the league. There are a lot of guys like that. He's the captain of the team.
Great dinner with great friends at #Indulge in Highlands Ranch Colorado tonight.
Cant wait for lunch tho!
Where is my cd with dead man walkin' on it
I'm usually the spoilee not the spoiler...That shit don't even fit my character.. I'm too fly for otherwise.... I mean dat in the nicest way
HEY EVERY BODY FOLLOW ME AND IL FOLLOW BACK NOW READY SET GO
's Place sippin' a GE Drink Bangin' "I came alone but Im leave'n wit ya' bitch"
#bieberfact A hater once said Justin was the reason his parents divorced, and he cried
While waiting on SB tix to be given away, I noticed that Kalen Irsay gained a follower lol.
I want a damn smart phone so I can steam line all this social networking stuff.
Ash never uses Pikachu in the tournaments ....but on the games it was always the strongest....WHY
Well, Europe is a Swedish band. Figures that with Sweden as a host country they'd play it
Back to work..
And guess what? I play the game better than you do. You sure as hell don't ever learn.
What a blessed time we had as a family this long holiday weekend!! A MUCH needed break from the norm, and shared fun and memories. Still...
I hate when I'm excited about texting someone all day. Then they reply with one word answer o_O ruined it.
21 jump street is legit dude!! Fucking hilarious!!XD
you're over there w/Jen, tell her all of that.
But yu don't look better then me!
Watch out, Netflix and Hulu! Amazon is starting an original TV programming business.
slides do not equal duration
Um....that's me. You should stop by and say hi. RT : There's a lady knitting at the hockey game!?
Of course a Mexican RT my soccer tweet lol
Our website is under construction, sorry......
need to follow more exciting people.
You bet, it's Shannon Perich, associate curator, Photographic History Collection, National Museum of American History
The total shebang that was apparently #WelcomeJJ is just proof that Georgetown has its priorities in the right place.
oh will you! Well amen! Text coming now! Ha!
that's hilarious
good girl u did me good.. There's one 3 to go
: French toast in a #slowcooker? I don't even know how that would work!
sorry for the late reply, and miami, hby? (:
Going home and napping
The best nature has to offer! Forever Living aloe vera products!
The month of February 2012 will celebrate the life of President General Sefako Mapogo Makgatho and the collective that led the ANC with...
Oh yeah we gonna do that naked fucking. I won't have clothes on and neither will you!
wow! Thanks. That was mostly a sarcastic tweet. But I'm glad you like 'em. It's tons of fun.
Thanks for the tweet. Definitely need to ask the same questions of online training. Is that what you mean or something else?
Spurs have a great blend of vets and youth on their team this year. Gonna be a tough out in a 7 game series.
Sitting out eating Garret's with my woman. Not one fucking school thought on our minds. ;)
It's official - I will be speaking at the American Associate of Cosmetology Schools (AACS) in April at the Paris hotel. Leveraging Linkedin!
Apparently, you're more likely to be killed by a vending machine than to win the Megamillions jackpot
false hope fucking sucks. why the hell would you want that. cause eventually you gone know the truth then what. you gone have a hard crash
this girl eating string cheese in second period yu know its hot ewwww
So many movies about regular joes wanna be superheros..didnt even know about defendor.
Of course #Rodman poured on the treys against the
I love The Girls Next Door
Skills® Launches a Tool to Combat Challenging Behavior in Children with Autism - PR Web (press release)
Oh my gosh, your hair looks super adorable. <3
Great lunch Thanks!
I think is crepe ;)
cannot watch any network news until they start adding good news. Its too sensationslist.
I love heels. I have the cutest ones! I need to get famous so I can wear them to all the cool parties k.
Dopey. Tubby. Daddy. Ronny. P-Nutty. Clumsy. Crook-y. War-y. re: last 5+ presidents.
Except for sunshine at Coachella.
where you moving? you can dm me if you want to stay incog ... lol
If I tweet something and nobody reads it, is it still a tweet?
Conflict builds character, while crisis defines it
Thank you! Have a wonderful Mom's day.
One day its all about you. Then when something better comes along, Youll merely be a second thought. Or none at all.
"The men all pause when I walk into a room" umm..as a matter of fact so do the ladies...hehehe
Congratulations Baylor Women's Basketball on a fabulous 40-0 season and your national championship. Amazing!
Hopefully the Groundhog is right. BTW Encore running Groundhog Day marathon. LOL!
Dex: Dear insecure girls everywhere, you're not ugly, society is. Sincerely, The truth.
Got Assn event coming up? Hit us with a press release at
YESS! :) i was in heaven
Lets go till 7pm 2day & Sat,,..Weather is SO nice...get yo beer 4 da games this weekend 7411 W. Lake Mead 89128 then say hi
Hoping we snag another award this year with the graphics comp...we love all of the positive feedback from other orgs!
Every man builds his world in his own image. He has the power to choose, but no power to escape the necessity of choice.
well now im in school for my ap art studio test thing. but i will when i get home honey bunches
Noah, we will be sure to announce on Twitter if Idols do make a return to MKE. : )
May 5th. Lets do it Papa!
Oh man, red robin. can't eat another bite. Bbq chicken wrap so good
The Early Bird gets the worm and The early girl can wake up to her mans morning wood ;)
I've always thought that a "sailor" would have been an obvious choice for one of the Village People. Not butch enough?
Can't wait to go nap.
yep yep
#YouKnowItsReal when your out with someone and you cant stop thinkin bout somebody else.
Hey, soo umm, I heard you were a wild one... is it true? ;)
Your interaction with Visa is subject to a raft of regulations. Your interaction with Mint, not so much.
I miss my brother to death;
Dave still isnt following me...
Todaii is My B-Day Plz follow me and my 2 friends &
aren't they so great?!? hahah!
A majority of those Conserva Dems are from Southern states, already in conservat RW land voters. So here's the problem..
LOL SASSY EMMA ANSWER YOUR TEXTS
The purpose of life is to enjoy every moment.
friend, this is not what drags you drunk from the bar, but the one that creeps close!)))
Today is $12 Thursday...unlimited mini-golf and 40 arcade tokens for just $12.
I meant listening TO #TheWeeknd lol
5 Palm Beach County DMV Employees arrested for accepting cash to get illegal immigrants drivers licenses
The liquid inside young coconuts can be used as substitute for blood plasma - good to know.
Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in the small ones. - Phillip Brooks
find out what works for you and just maintain till you can upgrade
has a fantastic product
Indeed: I've been really impressed by the balance the paid-for stuff keeps.
Put your big girl panties on and deal with it.
hi John - Gist or Assistly? - I can help with Assistly over at - if you want info, recommend
RT : Today's winners of comp #NSMN Individual Memberships are...... Awesome! Thanks!!! :)
There's a cell phone tower by my house with the pole painted brown and fake fir branches
Go get 'em Notre Dame Law team
Haven't tried beet juice,but cranberry works. said turmeric is another good one.Love finding non-toxic stuff for kids.
Going to Portland futsal soon
Why..Amanda Perez
I Feel like I'm going to sneeze,
well we could try and get to follow us
If you are having difficulties with your web host, perhaps I can be of assistance?
It's that time !! #Smash #smash #smashseasonfinale !!
June 25 is officially here!
An individual who can't get genuinely pumped up about his work can't ever be happy or achieve anything worth it.
Happy Pi Day!
The fact that my mom gets a better phone than me <<<<<
I been shopping since I got hme since I Gained so much weight. I cnt fit none of my clothes. Literally. Smh.
I kinda want to start a collab Minecraft channel.
So ready for the season to start!
#realized I have a love/hate relationship with shoes, love to buy them, hate to wear them
she would also like you to k now that when she does wear it, she would like you to send me a picture
sorry the interior is the wrong color, I'll need the dc council to pay extra for one five states away
The Chevy Traverse can take you around #Philly w/24mpg. What fuels ur family? Reply #chevyfuelsphilly & be entered to win a $100 gas card!
never saw it but i always wanted to
I have the file, but I'm waiting on an email address to forward it too
Drag Me To Hell it is an Awesome movie. It will keep you on the edge of your seat
Maybe if the goal was larger, I could score. Though probably not. Hopefully I never have to defend my home and loved ones with a wrist shot.
good April fools trick!
my perfume smells good as hell.
Can someone please help my headache to go away? Thanks.
watch who gets FAKE when shit gets REAL.
Back from Cleveland! Had a great time covering the Auto Show for Time Warner Cable's Automotive On Demand!
2009 U.S. Depart of Ed study revealed that on avg, online students out performed those receiving face-to-face instruct. #education #Ihave?s
My brother just hit his first homerun!
Great! Lets meet at the Chispa booth at 3:15.
Varnell Hill RT : Bill Clinton RT : - Out of all of the GREAT African Americans... Who do you look up to most?””
#LasVegas right now, Portland tonight, Boise tomorrow... It's gonna be a busy 24 hours! Side-note; Excited for #iOS5 next week!
does this mean I need to get one too? What would we call my house?
I'm proud to help and I'm sure the interviews will help many survivors.
That reminds me. Was it your cellphone in the photo of the infamous broken floor, and did it ever lose signal in the crater?
Indiana is scared to play Kentucky on neutral sites, and Notre Dames QB arrested for kneeing a police officer at a party! classy, Loosiers.
When randomly sleeps over my house >>>
skinny tie, paint brush, black. Done! Lol.
You begin to feel free of the past when you act free of the past!
Had to put that first
yea but you used to could just order a space based on your frame and crank set
I can see your bedrock ; )
Congrats on getting some tv time during the game guys, haha.
I kinda do
somebody make those boys pull their britches up
Oh PAHLEASE. You're live was never bad. Pussy
you know it.
A smile is a language everyone should learn how to speak. :). #TEAMBIEBER follow MEE <33 come on BELIEBERSS! #teamfollowback XOXO:)))
omg u guys r so lucky im super jealous right know
Hittin' all those trees gonna make me hit the sack!
Happy birthday to the amazing Love u doll face
Subjecting myself to #jazz at high volumes.
I hate it when Lebron and Wade are being passive bitches in the 1st q. It kills us
Hey Zach, so what happened to the tattoo idea...Still need art?
congratulations to on winning the race at darlington international speedway
Who up peep
Look up the show on Netflix called Peek-a-Boo. No seriously. Look it up. I'll wait.
daughter ended up eating about half the ribs i cooked up. she is carnivore.
Ah.. so now I know who watches Fraiser.
Bill, I'm a little obsessed w u rite now. RT : RT : With Bill Maher"my tip for leaders don't be a ruler be a se ...
Also should add that I've graduated, it was created about a year ago.
Congrats happy to have you this summer!
Can't sleep- thank goodness for Twitter and Google aps!
FALSE. If you want complete control self-produce.
BrownRiceFamily performing 's feb 6th. Tribute to legendary Bob Marley black History month. Keep Haiti in your prayers.
I totally forgot about guitar center! Thanks!!!
I know I'm alone on this, but I still say the theme song Tank! is the best thing about Cowboy Bebop. -Carl Mahnke
Could we do phone tomorrow, Saturday morning, or Sunday?
How is Jessica only 16? I mean really!!!!!!
what is?
Facebook will be replaced by a similar site only because of Facebook's format changes, most of which everyone hates. Can't wait
Strawberries and Spinach, Jasmine Cous-cous, Beans and ricotta, cheddar broccoli, ham and biscuits #WhatIHadatBrunch #WhyAreMyPantsTighter?
Snow today....Summer tomorrow...Only in brewcity..luv it!!
you bet!
Thanks for dropping by today. Great seeing you guys!
In Germany? Get Unifi via Vodafone today. Stay tuned to hear where we'll launch Unifi next!
Do why did you say it like everything is saying is starting to make sense
you get a speeding ticket? dan
Your the 1 that I think about all Dddaayy... Your the 1 that I Dream about Aalwaayss... Your Luv is my luv & my luv is your Luv..He He
Thank you! We can use all the support we can get! Hopefully you'll join us for the walk
Tripanology, getting my knowledge up..
Local women didn't have weight loss surgery-but they think they did. Using hypnosis to drop the pounds? Tonight at 10, TODAY'S TMJ4
Where? At Anodyne.
#shopsmall #shoplocal Small business Saturday is this weekend on the 26th! Look for the businesses with tiny boxes to win prizes!
He wasn't able to earn any $ in Jan. since he was in the hospital. So this would go towards Jan. rent & utilities.
heady company to be on that list. Thank you. :)
from one #Hoosier to another come to the #Titans we would love to have you!
hey buddy, what's up? :D
O Music Beta invite...
lol. U silly.
lol I feel you! I worked overnight, I'm exhausted but have so much to do today!
Game 2 of the WCHA Playoffs tonight at the Eagles Nest. My pregame meal is a Culvers Butterburger.
I hate that we never talk anymore. What changed?
Stop actin like u The shit hoe The only attention u get is from these lame ass niggaz on fb..#desperate ass
I'm sorry to report that I'm too stupid to understand-"a civil union that is the same but not"-Difference?
i mean Both of them haha :D
RT : Indy's Jukebox is downtown just west of Fountain Square. Great bands, good cause, everybody wins.
I Wanna Fall In Love...... Love This Song
Christianity needs to get it together on gay issues. I really love Chik-Fil-A
Saved someone's life Saturday night. Now they're not speaking to me.
Ear Worm Alert! Mickey's Play House?
finna kill this beat almost done wit it after recordin on this beat alot of thought into it
All humans want to be loved.
Applying for summer internships, submitting conference proposals, and peer-reviewing my pants off. Pls send coffee.
idc ima tell her that you stole her granny panties too!!! No wonder she was looking for em! Lol
Thanks! And happy early birthday to you!
Continued: ..w/ Paul Kratoska of , Mark Zadrozny of , 's Liz Brown, and JAS editor
Started a new short today. Let's see where this one takes us.
Christmas used to always be a big day for #prowrestling as people needed to get out of the house after all that togetherness
Viewers of CHCH Morning Live show in Hamilton were treated to three minutes of hardcore gay pornography around 9:30am Friday April 20, in
People from school need to stop getting twitter this is my Hannah Montana life :/
Success is more often the result of hard work than of talent.
douche. stay away from her.
Just made red velvet cupcakes with and put the frosting butter into the cupcake batter by accident. Disaster? Hmm. :-/
A crazy man on the tv said he created the world's greatest pillow. That might be true, but I still don't think it's worth $80.00. Lunatics.
You and I both know Colin is really just drinking Hurricanes and listening to brass bands when he claims to be studying.
On time to work for the second day in a row! Go me:)
Sxsw 2nd day and I am pretty tired.. ah more free Redbull.2nd wind... Epic Kasabian show last night! FUN & Neon Trees next...
is the one to follow on #amendment1 - bless to all in NC still working your tails off! Right with you, whatever happens.
I'd say your tweets were the best for election results, till I opened the app. Wow!
"President of CEO Foot Locker ... U.S."
Only 19 Actual Full School Days Left! Sweet!!! :D Summer Of 2012 Here I Comee<U+2665>
Seriously though, guys, this isn't funny... WHERE IS MY BURT'S BEES?!?!
FOLLOwED HIM
I've heard from my professors that it started in California, specifically as an "air space subdivision".
Anyone own a Bed & Breakfast? Curious as to how you got started and if you had any advice
Great D Clippers! .. Now someone please score a basket
Meet Glimpse - the Social Discovery Conference premiering in San Francisco this June! Details to come in a matter of minutes...
but you also know that for every search for a savvy and hip media phd there is also a search for a canonical one. & all inbetween
Watching Tiger play live in Australia on Network 10.
shouldn't have moved yet, you should have meet ur mahomies at north star one more time so i could have said goodbye :/
Hickson to be special guest referee at wrestling event - Chicago Tribune
A journey may be long or short, but it must start at the very spot one finds oneself-Jim Stovell
just came from the pool my ppls
1st St seems to be save, I'm there now.
days are flying by quickly....last day im looking forward to --> JUNE 8TH <333
Why as a native Badger did I put any faith in Mich St?! I totally got Izzo-ed. Thx for shout-out.
Merry Christmas! I hope everyone has a great day!
C.J. Fair with 10 points on the night so far.
Love it!
I'm gonna die today. Hate Mondays..
to those who get my tweets sent to ur phone. *bbuzz buzz* *ring ring ring* LOLOL
Finally, my best friend has joined the Twitterverse. She's smart with sharp, biting humor.
I hope Krugman-Paul in 45 min is the Scopes Monkey Trial of the gold standard
Joshua Comin over & takin me to work ughh finally get to see him (:
RT I expect Magic to fire SVG and Otis Smith next wk. They need to act. Other teams have had head start on coach, GM searches.
Hanging with my lil bro #Kbbq and #IMMORTALS while
RT We always have two choices, accept conditions as they are or take responsibility for changing them.
April fools joke? Somehow my iPod shuffle is full of my parents music. This I discover at the start of a 5 mile bicycle ride. Awful. Awful.
Bobbys hair just waved hi to me!
Am reading Your Brain at Work. Is it possible that too much physical exercise can affect PFC functioning?
Saturday night live was just so bad last night
I fucking love pretty little liers
I'm thinking you should just offer it up for everyone to check out!
Seemed like a pretty decent percentage (85%). That's good that so many of our libraries have a social media presence, right?
Many thanks. We are both fortunate to share an agent. She'll take good care of you.
Calling your parents by their first names!
Great profits, great risks. --Chinese Proverb
Clock and Design offer Free shipping
Remember, for today (this week?) it could always be worse. You could be Ozzie Guillen.
I love it and I'll take it if you don't want it! super cute!! But I think you should just go for it. Maybe start with the toes...
After this weekend, Vegas will never be the same!!! Dale!!!
if they have a heart-beat, they can't be trusted.
nailed it tonight. Glad I got my vote in early to take back our state.
that's what I was thinking when she told us I was like WTF???
Another sleepless night.
Imagine 7th grade without barmitzvahs. Yeah, I know. I love jewish people too.
What a busy day! I'm just coming up for air. It's raining like crazy! I can't even see clearly outside. hope the windows r up on the truck!
The McSkillet Burrito is considerably more fun to pronounce than to digest.
As if Enter SHikari aren't doing Warped :( Gutted
the bosauce makes it...
G'morning.
pff I only read real novels like "Don't put me in coach"
Massage therapy is an invitation to reconnect with your body.
can anyone recommend some good documentaries?
o shit u from 64th and king Drive ; roll that dope with me lil homie
Going to watch PSU vs Alabama now let's go State!
Psssssssstt...museum admission is free today and the first Wednesday of every month.
Oh my god, Im not tired, at all, who's up, i abuse commas, sup?
I was talking about me. Brother-in-law is a history teacher/department head. Helps to see things from the inside.
Sat at a park contemplating a great many things.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! You are an inspiration to all!
Right now i am working on poems still thinking cause poems aint that easy LOLZ
Welcome to baby Ella and congratulations to her parents!
Just picked up Narcopolis, by Jeet Thatil; page one, already hooked.
aka creeping :P it's ok I just creeped on you too haha
Off work early :)
fair enough. this likely more of a shortcoming of me not asking our ops team to start a blog :)
Come on , just because I like Rufus Wainwright doesn't mean I like showtunes ;)
I got some twitter spam from you this morning in a DM.
Oops! Sorry!
if u get tickets, any day is great to me! I picked the Wednesday last night.
BCNY Student Musicians Return to Symphony Space for Annual Concert
Late night phone calls >
The happier I am, the less time I spend on social networks.
Check the date. The bulls and money managers have put Oct. Inflows to work mow. Roll out the shorts for some swing profits
is that the name of the movie on right now on
RT last day of school tmrrw AND we get out at 10:30 :))) awh yeah !
did you see ustream yesterday?
except nesquick kicks major more butt
damn you waited this long
We look forward to hearing about your accomplishments
Have a TON of homework and heven't even started, ah
Hey guys, how are you!
that reminds me of on Cee lo's team
I will check danas and my schedule and see if we can make it.
Blueberry Ln. is hiring this month! We're interviewing now if you or someone you know has web project mgmt, HTML5/CSS, mobile app skills
Thanks buddy! Happy Birthday,Adam!
aw, well thanks mami! but you gotta know that talent usually recognizes talent...
can you believe Dwight Howard
Swag me out bitch
I wish my mom had foreseen how many freaking people my age would be named Sara. but then again, I don't know what other name I could have
Love Jimmy Johns!
1st Super Bowl Party since I was 10. But when offers you giant bottles of fancy wine and lots of truffle-covered pizza, you go.
It's #JustRead Monday. Did you finish your #FridayReads this weekend?
The "Tools" are so far ahead of the "Adopters" maybe we should take a minute to bridge the gap before adding more to the pile...
always is.
At Deerfield Classic, boys multiple winners are Princeton/Green Lake's Matt Van Scyoc (400 & long jump); Columbus, (400 & 800 relays).
wouldn't be to surprised if #tebow was headed that way.
Oh thank you beautiful!
Realized today is the 4th anniversary of #Auburn student Lauren Burk's murder. Can't believe it's been that long, AU was never the same
I'm going to tonight too! #cya weird!
so,we haven't brought up the subject of you moving to Dallas to be with me& in a while.HURRY UP AND MOVE HERE
Refrigerator Car - Spin Doctors
A pitcher looks at 4 ER and it's ugly. Buck needed something to build on. While it's 4 R, 3 ER...this is as bad as ever.
Is it just my laptop, or are many of Google's logos, favicons, and marks a bit punchier now?
Music is not just a beat. It's life written into a song..!!
Give an example of how you’ve responded quickly to guest or customer requests & needs as a priority.
WENDY'S HAS MAC & CHEESE OMG DELISH <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
"Making #money is #art & #working is art & GOOD #BUSINESS IS THE BEST ART"~Warhol|Quote|#FF Art
A Noble Betrayal
adding drinking wine around a fire to my list of favorite things to do
Just used Volgistics for our annual booksale volunteer signup. Pros and Cons. Be happy to hook you up w/someone here to tell all.
you be ballin' (:
keep living in denial. Even the liberal fanatic news sources admitting awful performance on jobs.
seein it friday post a quick review if you can
Your tweet was answered for me. Apologies. I'd like to start again if you would? & Thanks for the follow. What's are you up to?
Guest bassist Charlie Himel and guest drummer Max Krucoff will be joining the house band Sunday!
well it is an absolutely AMAZING picture!:)
IT WAS THE ALL TIME LOW FREE SHOW </3
that says a lot... titles mean shit.... nuff said
To the skinny girl browsing the plus size rack at forever 21, um.
We do dirt like worms, produce G's like sperm, till legs spread like germs.
Dinner so yummy!
I don't own a Mac and getting that bookmark to work was the hack I was referring to :-)
yeah! I hope to see u in the future... I love you.. u're so beautiful !!!
Nice combo!
Guess what? Next week is ANOTHER century week! That means 100 reps. Every station. Every time...ugh! You "like"???
.... who cares.. im tired of hearing about it..
she talking about visiting her this weekend
<~ solid #100 no flaw this way
Ugh today is dragging nd is annoying
has confirmed a spot at fEASTival 2012! My fingers are crossed that their fried pickles are on the menu :)
#Brewers comeback?!?!
Just learning how to connect with all the people out there!
Today is the day everyone! Come one, come all, call your Ma, call your Pa! Berryline is back!
Results pending. :P
just got back from work ._____. im tired
I can't stop thinking about the events of thursday night. It's cool to hear nice things, unless you're wasted and my best friends ex.
#mudmelt oil paint out of Joan's mud!? Very cool.
dumb and dumber....gotta be the best movie ever
"my ghetto name is j'corey"
Spectrum to Educate Attendees at IAHCSMM Annual Conference - PR Web (press release)
Mad Men offends me deeply. Being off the air for nearly two years is unacceptable.
Sadly, you might be right. (Sadly...)
Your account description is beautiful-- just like you and your mind. Thank you for following-- lo agradezco mucho. <13luv.
RT ": Braindead and physically unable to move anymore with and "
Skrillex and deadmau5 makes my day so much better especially when it playin through the surround sound
pretty pic! AND I loved your pilot -- fingers crossed this week!!!
another Saturday of perfect doorbelling weather! What luck!
i miss you more sam .. you and julia should come visit me soon i have my own place now
completion, by doing things (that Stanford coule) like more summer funding, etc. While every school that imposes a flat time
You're very welcome! Thank you so much for inspiring the event!
Sweet dreams! xoxo
Tonight! Come celebrate life with #teamtaurus at club 58. Free Parking, beautiful people, Sexy vibes, fashion and style
We remember you girly! How could we forget!? We had so much fun with you guys, can't wait to see you this summer!
Follow !! She is an AWESOME person. :)
Can't stop thinking about the scary parts from Cabin in the Woods. This hotel room is creepy plus genius at front desk gave me a master key!
shut up squazzle
A belated thanks to your birthday wishes! :)
disdained the teaching work? I was surprised how many were unwilling to jump in. It was fun for me.
for sure. Weights are for the gym. Cardio is best for the outdoors. :-)
Homework: pick a bhag, write it & taste it to prep for next mo
YOUR SOO AMAZING AND I LOVE YOU SO MUCH AND ALL I WANT IS FOR YOU TO FOLLOW ME PLEASE <3<3<3 IT WOULD MAKE MY WORLD IF YOU DID
The rare joy of a rental car.
dont hate me cause you aint me
Exhausted but very happy
St. Patty's Day Bash at CMC 3/17 starts at 8am!
excited to have the morning show family , Kam Karmen, and over for a BBQ!
RUN D.M.C. = The Kings of Rock
Our customer service is slow today due to no power or phone service from the recent storm in the north east. Please be patient w/us.
Back from the LPL National Conference and excited to begin work as the newest addition of the KCD PR team
songs that tell real stories >
Uhh...yeah! RT S'mores pizza!?!?! Holy moly, that sounds amazing
"hashtag never say never."
I was just at Barnes & Noble and picked up The DAM Book: Digital Asset Management for Photographers. Lots info on DAM and photo metadata.
Was the weirdest thing ever hearing his voice again. Ugh! Why did she gotta do that to me -_-
Do you have 2,000-plus Facebook friends and consider yourself a "fanatic"? We want to talk to you! Email .
cut-off
follow for all the latest news on #COD #BlackOpps n a chance 2 get the game a week before the release date
on the air on east coast in 15 mins w/ intvw w & his news-making stance on #SSM. More on tmrw
2nd period have killed the Hawks this yr. Hopefully 3rd is theirs GO HAWKS!
Was asked to come in on a Tuesday to audition for a film. I'm loving the actor's life no matter what.
clarkes not on fire ? :o
RT : All These Hoes Wanna Fucc But All I Got Is One Dicc
I feel so damn tired, I may be going to bed really soon.
Today marks a year I've been in San Francisco... I'm still skeptical I actually did it.
I'm a Ga Tech prof & teaching Rebuilt to my first-year writing class this semester - many of us will be at your talk tomorrow!
I can't do this anymore.
No worries. Take your time. If I die before you finish it, you can play it at my funeral... Just kidding. :P
thats not wind coming off the bay that's #DrewBrees coming to blow your house down
I warned everyone that Devil Inside would be terrible, but we still saw it... And i was right... Shoulda seen the Muppets
that is so awesome - love seeing WOA stickers on the block !! Thx for sharing man, hope you're well !!
Soo, I'm gettinn Charges pressed on me thoo'
no i had an ear infection
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it. James Barrie
"History, with its hard spine & dog-eared / Corners, will be replaced with nuance" - Tracy K. Smith, 2012 Pulitzer winner...
I have a dream of one day designing a website for you. Who designed your current "coming soon" site?
Now accepting roomate applications (:
thats really good for only doing it one year man, keep grinding fa sho...what u using?
hey come to my house 5:30 or 6:00 pm ok (: (:
The Maine tonight!!
Rental, sunroof :) RT : I hope you are driving a convertible.
We all knew where Pierce was going w/ that one. So did the Hawks
we have verb fan girling for 2 hours
No problem. Final Fantasy Tactics is one of my favorite games ever. - Bryan
Did u feel it in Portland?
So bored right now ughh
Having deadlock is not good for copyright law, and doesn't advance
keep tweeting :p
keep showing love n support...soon will be filling arenas for u and all the fans...
Watch at 6p 2nite talks to 2 cousins looking to shed the lbs with the Makeover!
We also do re-roofs, roof repairs and as general Contractors we are unlimted. 305-232-3344
Kinect software allows users to operate the Xbox 360 user interface with voice commands and hand gestures.
loved #homage, you had me laughing the whole time. when is the next project?
One should always play fair when one has the winning cards.- Oscar Wilde #TAF #followngain ? #TFB ? #500ADAY?
Club for Growth endorses Richard Mourdock in Lugar race
Had a blast last night with the open mic.
Forgiveness means that you do not hold others responsible for your experiences. -Gary Zukav
You're awesome! Needed some inspiration and I got it from you! Thanks so much.
are you done with this fuckin' team?
Good performance by MGK!!
Wouldn't have worked. Tebow would know the truth.
I loved your solo!
sounds like a #Nomediacolypse. :(
we all love your stuff jen
Dorothy Sarnoff~ Make sure you have finished speaking before your audience has finished listening.
Not with a bang but a whimper Ben joins the likes of Brady, Elway and Warner in losing the "Big" one... Welcome to the losers club...
Favourite colours: blue and green :D
Just saying, he's not the #2 receiving option if he plays outside. AJ -> Gresham -> Slot WR -> You -> Edwards
What goes around comes vack around.... <3 I wouldnt have this tattoo if i didn't believe in karma.
Be a Good Boss tip: what matters most is how you treat people. It sets the tone for the library
Trip home Be safe, Glad you get to see your family <3
Vintage games and wine w/ Hip beyond belief.
looking for shipping experts, anyone out there have a few minutes to chat with a writer?
So apparently I am now taken. Awesome
everything hurts
If u guys don't have nothing to say nice about , then don't say it. Keep off her twitter page u bunch of a**hole bullies.
ill probably be heading home on Monday, not entirely sure.. If not, expect the horse n buggy
you look great, doll! i sense more #trending for you! xx
nope, im here until 9am
oh if I could get one u know I'd be all about it!
From " I support Becca in being Maximum Becca." Hard to argue with.
Thanks! :-) Glad you liked it, and thanks for bringing it out of me with
My house has to be freezing in order for me to sleep good. And the ceiling fan has to be on full blast!!!
Why would they get a run there?
Lumos Networks Corp. Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial Results
I'm six years free of breast cancer . Have a unique story to tell but not for all ears on here.
Omg i get so scared for nolan
We already have a few different timepieces in mind, I just want to see what you all think before we pull the trigger.
Education and SLOs need to be about student learning, not about getting something right.
I'd send you one, but we don't have any, save for the random ones fans make themselves.
Some days taste like lemonade.....
Coffee shop. to hostess: "Is my dad here? He's the guy who gets the hamburger all the time."
rematch or what?!?!!?
Not really they didn't want to pay him a 28 million roster bonus and they want their #1 pick to play right away.
January 17th free webinar: Amendment to Rule 1.720 - Cert of Mediation Authority - 220 attendees - hope you can join us!
Thank you much for the RT! Enjoy your day.
it's on at 1pm est on cbs but you live in bigten area
Kansas may just get housed tonight
This shoot was so great that I used up every available memory card & then shot tethered.
At #Rice3DS listening to company pitches.
A man with long, dark eyelashes and bushy eyebrows... FINE!
In the lab time work
Jesus mary and joseph
I can honestly say today was a tough day. But God is In control. I'm not going to worry about a thing!
can Doug just tell his team to drive to the basket? This team is the reject Milwaukee Bucks with ray allen
Get a little bit nuts everyday.
Please let me know if you need a good speaker for the next
Challenge to patient engagement support systems design; patient's knowledge, capabilities and attitude can vary greatly during their journey
were we gotta meet them at if we wanna go
actually, i think that would totally work, but you should totally go with your gut.
These people follow back :) FOLLOW THEM!
I agree!! only thing better is a hotel in the tropics..
Hooray! My birthday is being celebrated in the air! Flying home from #aam2012 . Tons of fun!
Capacity crowd here with #westofthefest ! is next!
Traveling using Smooth Operator for a GR8t buffed,shiny, healthy, natural nail look!
LMAO, that is old news neither is Kim.
Uggh why is it so hot?
Danny b with the goal. Tie game 3-3
Please and thanks go a long ways. Mashup would simply like to thank YOU, our fans/users today! You guys rock! :)
oh geez hun :/
Duhh so am i
I will def be praying for you all. She didnt deserve to go that way. No one does. :(
To create success, to build you dream business you don't have to do impossible, just consistently, day in day out do the little things.
We are not the same persons this year as last; nor are those we love
it's funny how you get off twitter and don't hear from nobody. I havent heard from you, your brother WOW
Blaaahh. <--- that's how I feel.
Travel & change of place impart new vigor to the mind. Seneca / Enjoy other cultures, see creation, & realize that generosity matters!
Anybody got a good book recommendation? I Ned an audio file for my walk to work..
cool! That's actually what I was gonna talk to Austin about haha
People are so stupid
I think I may finally have a day to play sum #BF3 I need to practice :-(
Sorry, I'm a Champion...
#occupytowson has received access to If A Tree Falls documentary. A screening at 2640 this weekend or next a good idea?
Do it.
Pickup Line: Do you work for UPS? 'Cause I swear I saw you checking out my package!
Peggggyyy im here to win!!!!!
Learn how to handle data between views and between app executions for mobile apps
Just make sure you are not standing in front of the Muni at the same time. Probably not the change of perspective you need.
I wish I had been born with naturally long eyelashes
Hey, DH has infiltrated the AHA too! You just have to know where to look!
at least next year's schedule will be easier! still loving the #colts - we will get thru this!!!
OH MY, I KNOW..#10 IN DA WHOLE WORLD..GONNA BE HARDER TO WORK DOWN 2 #1 4 DA WHOLE GLOBE..BUT WE SHALL PERSEVERE!!..T/F/S..
Good morning everyone
Went thru the bottom
radness dude! Great pic and products!!
Wanda Jackson tonight Late show! Be there!
just ate so much :0 gahh >.<
“: #WeAllNeed someone who makes you feel alive.”
that's nice, how much is metro fare?
Damn. An hour ago I had 100 followers. Now, 99. Was it something I said? Everything I said? :)
If only my bestfriend could spell lesbian right
Oh! I def. can't for the next 4 wks. at least! ;( Travel sched. is tighter than a virgin right now! Dinner will be SOON!!!
have a good day at school
RIP Carroll Shelby. You were a great man with a great mind. An inspiration. You will be missed.
Hey Seattleites, what's the best thing that happened to you this week?
Feel better chica! Let me know if u need anything ;)
#UnitedversusCity #premierleaguetitlerace...theysaid it was All Over...it Is'N't NOW !!!!!............
Well then, a warm hello to the fellow New Englanders!
W.e
how cool!!!
Never have a "cheat day"... Only have a cheat meal or snack!
that is sad
Flynn's girl saying he will go back to wearing #15...you need to charge at least $250k for that if true.
#FreeCoffee in our office at 6339 Bunche Hall for 10th Week! Stop by between 10AM-2PM for your caffeine fix & donuts, while supplies last.
So, I may or may not have eaten jr mints instead of brushing my teeth tonight. It tastes the same, doesn't that count?
I love #deadliestcatch but perhaps you should be responsible enough the explain WHY quotas were cut in half. Overfishing!
"Why doesn't anyone do any original musicals anymore?" - Debra Messing's character 'Julia' on "Smash" Yeah, we couldn't agree more.
Louis bum(: xx
Hm... I'm sure I could be doing something more interesting, somewhere else, than browsing Internet and twitting.
Happy Doctors' Day to all physicians, especially our Texas family physician members!
My boss just dropped off an article that is my parting gift from him as he leaves the company. It's about self confidence. for me????
Enjoyed Judy Hayden's _New Science and Women's Literary Discourse_. Writing review for Journal of British Studies
WOW! Thanks so much to all of my new followers, I look forward to your tweets as well! :)
Miss you too!
doing pretty good tonight!
If you want to really know someone look at their circle of friends, who they are closest to in tough times, and the causes they support!
Lol« @ me or dap me RT : Oomf is a straight nigga in a females body!»
A fire could happen in your home when you least expect it! If your fire detector is over 8 years old, it’s time to replace it.
Teenagers can be so mean. What are you getting out of making fun of her. You are just making an ass of yourself.
But as I said before, we can all agree to disagree!! :)
Im bring the Kush Hour the Bay Area and LA next month
"When you pray, say: 'Give us each day our daily bread'" -Luke 11:2,3
Jae-Wan Live @ The Airliner Friday Oct 7th
Those who do not seek the ultimate state of liberation pursue their selfish interest for material gain.
Free 10 minute massages at Yates tomorrow from 11-5! Word on the street is that they're excellent (and not sketchy! awesome!).
Less turnovers, and more inside shots
Our parents are seeing Seinfeld tomorrow... They didn't even get us tickets!
Fill in the blank posts generate 90% more engagement than the average text post.
S/O to my other new follower
is putting the Blackberry up and switching back to the Motorola Razor. The Pearl kept dialing people's numbers; the trackball kept sticking.
“ My SOLs next week , times is getting hard. What I'm finna do???? CHEAT CHEAT CHEAT HARD! Ain't no failing on this blvd”
lol! Kool! What r u watching?
glad to hear you are ok! Good luck Sunday
Avoid damaging & eroding water stains. We recommend a clay wash & detail after rainy days. Call for after rain specials (619) 928-4848!
what was it? Not enough challenge?
Mostly pertains to formatting issues during compile, Unicode support, cursor disappearance. Also, can't copy and paste tables.
Thank you! Mystery solved! :)
Come here! We'd love to have you!
im so sunburn :(
Sipping free Starbucks this morning thanks in part to awesome teamwork from Next coffee's on me, lady!
LOL! "Butt Out premieres this Thursday at 8!"
A.J. Jenkins is slippery in space. The name of his game is qkness & speed. We like him alot but we didn't have him in the 1st
Such fucking bullshit, everybody @ the restaurant was 20-30 years older than our group. #Fuckthis shit. Then I got 2 see all the happydrunks
AAAAHHHHH ITS SO HARD TO CHOOSE!!!
Well didnt disappoint...i gotta admit. Although she wasnt as dangerous as we thought. Thanks Allie!
enough is...... well, enough. As in I have had..... enough. At least for now.
Ball so hard mother fuckers wanna find me I just wish would find me
you're SO right about that!!
RT If you remember' Hip Hop Harry.(Follow Me!!!)
Add "amazeballs" to the list of words that make me incredibly irritated for no real reason
Ugh. When can I see you?
We are now on application #130133 - Ronald King.
his best in a long while
All yours. For some time now, people have been telling me I missed my calling and I should be the style editor.
more Dino BBQ? We caught your show on Friday. Come dj wifey's party. MSG me
#GMCC Business Expo days away
.. but then my board flew from under me, i fell on my side, broke a rib or two, & now i'm too much of a puss to give it a 2nd go
many are listed on my website, nwtekno.org, and take place at a variety of venues around the city
guilty until proven innocent...? uh, what?
Yeah! Me and my friends are gonna wear mismatched clothes on the last day of school.
I submit taxes via snailmail.
Gorgeous morning in the nation's capitol.
Got accepted into Murray State! :)
I just screamed at my mother for saying that more mainstream music needs to play at warped.......:| AWWW-HELL-NA
Oh, I'd follow Twitter's advice and unfollow me if they think it's the right thing to do... not going up against the allmighty!
Yes. RT : Senses overloaded, faces sunburned, minds melted, voices shot. Coming home.
oh my how did I miss that? I'll def check that out! Thanks for the heads up!
Finally someone!! Hey there.
Does anyone know if Brighton Beach is open this week?
Since when can't we say "drink" or "smoke" on the radio?
Ok. Like the Doritos commercial with grandma and baby.
HAPPY FRIDAY! Good time to talk BURGERS – THE 15 WORST ONES! A hamburger isn't, by itself, a bad nutritional choice. You can pretty much fi…
Ppl aren't reliable it's annoying -____-
After jazzfest, swing by tonight to cool off and grab a delicious cocktail courtesy of Bar Manager Dallas Ray.
Good luck with whatever it is. Sending hugs and good vibes your way
Wow. Our hotel is nice.
People aren't looking at the big picture...Owners, owners, owners...
OMG Im sorry! ): Now I feel bad!
In trading just like climbing, one bad move can leave hanging in a very precarious position. Choose your battles and choose them well.
He's clearly distanced himself this season from both Blake #Griffin and LaMarcus #Aldridge as the best 4 in the game.
Who woulda thought life could be this sweet, got me cheesin from cheek to cheek, n I aint get away for nothin cuz that jus aint my style..!
Hey fans...join us directly across from Prucenter before & after the concert!!! Shot specials!
Just in: Jared solo set at Googie's Lounge (Living Room upstairs) Sat. 2/26 at 7:30!
Running around downtown to get my moms boyfriend out of jail.
CRADLE 2 THA GRAVE N A SWISHA IM STRAIGHT
I'm hoping it's Benny Ayala RT : Really hoping that Lenn Sakata was the Mega Millions winner in Baltimore
Congratulations ! Nice job!
my dislike of HP is completely irrational since I've never read them :-X I can't wait to start Infinite Jest!
hahaha want me to sign it?
Can't wait to finish these tracks up!!
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
I prefer 96ing over 69ing on most days.
My dream job is to work for ESPN
Perfect day for crabs....
Hey girl! You should check out ! www.myspace.com/goodluckjane then let me kow what you think! Thanks!:)
with Italian soda in it I think too
Amen BF!! That tweet has me singin "Woke up this mornin with my mind / stayed on Jesus!!!"
not the busting of the account but the getting the 50k vpps obv
#asksarah Why are you so popular on twitter?
#prettylittleliars I love #aria&jason
you're welcome! Can't wait to share with my colleagues at American University
I'll put 's Led Zeppelin collection up against anybody...cool wife, cool life.
I know I won't, if I was reaching for that- I'd go elsewhere. Sit at the bar. Everywhere. Immediate service.
pics or it didn't happen.
I'm a Chris Brogan follower! RT : Tell me something good about yourself?
so very true. Merry Christmas.
I'm sending some email love... we need to catch up
A wonderful Good Morning New York!
hope all is well is the Gamel household!
My nap was awesome today.
Why doesn't #Knicks Carmelo Anthony have a deal with the candy bar Caramello? Seems like a perfect fit. Great candy bar too
I just don't understand.
playing in the snow at 2 am
Social apps top mobile activity, marketing campaigns
haha. too cute! thanks for the RT :D
pictures are worth a thousand words. You can see for yourself... =)
Ugh I hate it when I can't sleep. Need to get some #midnightloving . Holla back if u know what I'm talking about.
Thanks for the RT. Happy Monday!
Omg 2day my teacher told us shes having a boy I told her she should name him justin the middle name should b drew she said ill thinkboutit.
Come on Swisher, redeem yourself!
Just had a storage facility start following me. #wtf? I'm expecting snarky jokes about empty buildings and roll-up doors.
Y'all lost it on the 1yd line. Lol. Even after Aj Hawk gave you a second chance.
well, it seems like they are fighting. it looks like niall and louis are mad at each other, and harry and zayn for something
364 days until
Hey #republicans You can not be #prolife and be #prowar and antihealthcare
Cheers! RT : So so so PUMPED for the Lager House to open Feb. 6 2012. , I heart you!
#NFLDraft has to be one of the most unpredictable sports events yet one of the most important. Interested to see how it works out
ha ha ha supafreakkkk
So I heard you like water... Good, you already like 70% of me. <3
Been stuck in Kentucky for 3 hours.. fml!!!!
RT : Denver Monday Deal! txt DENVER RIOTRIO to 63638 for a 3 course dinner incl soup/salad, fajita combo, + dessert! $21.95...
Am off today no work for me all play
Who’s comin to Brews & Bites in !?
FYI, my MIL, who is hard core Repub, is voting for Obama 2012. So, that tells you something.
YUM! From the Reset menu? >>RT : This pic doesn't give my dinner justice! Apparently, I'm a huge fan of squash... Who...
What are we smoking anyway?
Reminisce of the Isaiah Thomas injury, Chaunceys career looks 2 be over, suxs for the Clips who could have used the experience come playoffs
“: *Baby burps*: 'Awww, that's so cute!' *I burp*: 'OMG! Say excuse me!, you're so disgusting!'”
can you please play Justin Bieber Boyfriend Please?! (: Thanks(: <3
naw time heals all
Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes>> "Taxes are what we pay for civilized society."
God morning #LosAngeles !!!!!
DIYers-How do you stay focused when something unexpected happens?
| Our pleasure! Thanks!
what is that one and how do I get it?
good and u?
When a man lies, he murders some part of the world. -Merlin
u ever think about people u use to talk to and be like what did I like about him or her their lame then u got the one's u adored lol
Is it friday yet?
18/23 neither has Padres on for me on COX
The reality is our POTUS respects women and its apparent by the way he treats his wife and girls AND how he relates to women in general.
thank you, Allagash Black, thank you
OY VEY! Bagel-Good job at The Lovitz last night,you had some funny material-We are headed to Western this AM let us nosh bagles!
Ohemgee , That pic of the jersey for , whom I never had the pleasure of meeting, just broke my heart.
we love helping connect folks out there...any writers, musicians, actors need help with expanding their network, we more than gladly will...
great also a test wouldnt get this response shithead. let me finish working. Oh unfollow me. Thats too funny text shows it
Great game! RT : Nash on Shannon Brown's 32 point performance: "Shannon was fantastic."
I want to french kiss anyone who asks a good question at a book reading cc
Bruce now raving up Animals Strumming and singing we gotta get outta this place Eric Burdon at later
I appreciate you following me!
Cynthia is just flinging that hair all over the place!
Although I hate packing more than anything, I never cease to amaze myself with my awesome packing abilities!
Had fun on the social stream with austin<3
On the other hand, I haven't married my adopted daughter, so i beat him in that category!
Haters in the building!!!
Debating if I should get one of those Taco Bell Dorito Taco things... I'm a little frightened by it. <3Allen
Have fun at Second City today with Hope you guys laugh the entire time!!! : )
you a watch it?
nah lol I was wondering the same thing
If you don't like me, remember that it's mind over matter. I don't mind and you don't matter.
"I just want to be pure."
"Like" this if you agree: A guy with an accent is HOT no matter what he looks like
RT : Hey #sacramento! If you're near Esquire IMAX please come in! Doing a quick video... and need some extra bodies right now.
At documentary screening "My Thiero Boys" on single mom Vana Theiro raising 2 boys with autism
Where was this happening to you? LOL..
It's sad that friendships are ruined for the sake of appealing to another person. Is their attention and presence that important?
WAS IT BAD?
You gain intelligence by seeking it outside of classrooms.
I absolutely in love with
Onward to UHouston for a DH workshop!
i'm doing great! what up?
Every day is Mother's Day in a happy house.
I guess I just see Staal still as an asset, regular season and post season
Thank you so much Allison!
you said you love me but now ur flippin like reciprocals
NFL lockout is over! Now, how can we keep the Chargers in SD?
Happy that the Dodgers won their first game. There getting a shoutout on the show. Who else wants a shoutout?
I gotta let you know that this is mutual
Wait, I want to change mine to 35.
haha candy! You?! (;
Another week of school fml
YES! So come with me to NOLA next week!!
just saw a wild turkey in our backyard...
hope yall happy
Mute point. Churches fundamentally answer to a God and not congregations or followers.
Families w/ kids enjoy peace of mind knowing children can play safely in the streets and enjoy shuttle bus services between buildings!
Spent day matching Mexican food (Sunrise Cafe) Dripping Springs with Austin Customs wine. Wow. Love authentic with wine. Hardly drank a drop
Can't hold Asik for shit... Woo
Spending my day off with some friends. Summer weather! I love you all!
If anyone is around the D-Sho tonight and wants to stop by for some patio time, bring a bottle, be fun and text me if interested.
I would marry a girl if she got on spidaman undies wen i first meet here
so lazy. ugh I want to go to Disneyland!
Watched all the episodes online of the new show Scandal... #imaddicted lol definitely one of my new fav's!
Are you our goalie for tomm?
Omfg they have tater tots in philly still! CHEESE TOTS!!!
Yeah on Sunday with Gonna be crazy. The crowds always so intense at Nsn shows.
ooh. good stuff.
Thanks so much for sharing. Happy Thursday!
Eating and watching criminal minds u missing it
#ireallywant for things to be different
dropbox me bro! wont be there til tomorrow
im very happy! was answered me!:D:) <3 love him!
she beating me up cause your "mad" at her so yeah
Really want to go out for a snack, now if only they'd catch the guy who is apparently running around FoBo with a gun...
Traffic is exceptionally good today
it's ALOT of work. This series was even more challenging bc I only had 2 days to prep and 5 recording days per book. All fun, tho!
the curse is not real.
Lesson 1, most important of all: you learn by doing, not by watching others do. 2: no mgmt issues if deeply engaged
Very excited about getting our first blo at Mary Brickell Village! Thanks ladies!
I'm on vacation...who cares..lol. but I would say farm equipment or use at a camp.
Thanks for following!!! You guys rock! Enjoy the rest of your week!
Fascinating comment thread on The Boat Race see for example comment by RoyalSuperiorityUK at...
So Colts drop nearly everyone & how do we start replacing them? Filling them in with Stanfords roster? Any other Cardinals we can take
you know you remind me a lot of my pinkie toe, I know eventually i'm gonna bang you on the table! ;)
i know =/ well ill be around soon enough!! just tell ppl out here about me so i can come back! =)
Got To Get A Better Bed Getting Tired Of Waking Up With My Neck & Back Hurting
yeah:D and yes i know i watched him on ellen
There's a lot of ups and downs on this roadd
her phone dead and somebody hit her car
You might have to stop at to get me a new shirt. The bag situation isn't looking too promising.
I agree, I don't want to talk shop all the time! We are entertainers afterall, we should be able to entertain each other ;)
Marshawn Lynch just went BEAST MODE on Philly! Insane run!
MT EVERYONE can do SOMETHING! Donate $5, write letter to ed, knock on doors, display yard sign...
"Trader Joe's is a great place to pick up women." , while having hand surgery.
Trying to make it through the next couple of days and gearing up for another four-day weekend. Need more of those in my life...
USC w/o... the seahawks are way more than a coach and a year from even 7 wins.
RT : we heard your breakout session 4 Social Media 4 logistics was amazing. Well Done!
My subs bump... My mirror falls off again. Shit.
that's too much swag for Kanye lol :) wonder if they met them too, coz if they did that would be very swaggie!!!
Gonna try positive
well of course!
Put a picture on facebook!
Don't feel good at all. I think I need to lay down. :(
can we have the link
YA!!!!!! I want more followers!!! and leaders!!! and people to stand by myside!!!! and above me and below me!!!
Tay, you are going to love the fans and crowds in #TACOMA #GUARENTEED love you swifty ! :D
itS RiDiCuLoUs hOw DeY WaNNa PuT tHeiR LiPs oN DiSs dUn KiSs Me RiTe DeA.. BaBy BoY iM TiCkLiSh...
Trends at ACE shaving the side of yo head, big ass buns nd bangs nd for the boys boxes nd dreads
I love you, Flavia. Do you know anything exciting happening within th next week/week and a half?
Finding a good monologue is hard I think it time for a break so I can mail out these Christmas gifts.
You know the nicest ppl! Got to hang out in ATL with She's da bomb! Were your ears burning?
great now we'll have to hear all the tech bloggers Lingering in NYC
Tip #146: Are you doing all that you are required to do or all that you can do? Do all that you can do, not just what you are required to do
We enable our clients and their loved ones to enjoy a better quality of life in the sunset years
Meeting with the "oober creative and talented" Cheryl Richards (publisher of the UL Magazine) that my columns are in.
yes yes yes yes!!!! Very hip my friend!! Beautiful sound!!
Need Tons & Tons of Prospects? Use this SECRET in *EBAY*
Ppl are laughing and joking in the lib like studying is fun
This will probably be an added upset to the perception of the stability of the Democratic Party
#BrooklynNets looking to sign a 3yr deal with Andrei Kirilenko for next year according to SI
One of my followers just informed me that the egg in the default picture is an unborn bird, you know, egg. Never made the connection
Leaving Miami today! I had so much fun! :)
did you text me back or is my phone just being stupid?
You really mucked that one up, you should always plan your vacations around iPhone updates. 3.0 is fun, not that different tho
needs to put on slow-mo!
I feel like this week is going to be bad .
3,000 tweet goes to my girlfriend. Happy one month ma pwincess!!! <3
I sent that at 10 o'clock, ass fuck <3
I would love that. Almost gave up today.
Just booked the final Redfish trip of 2011. Staying at The Dunes in Port Aransas & going with redfish guide Gary Cooper. Can't wait!!
Hammond reacted to a prediction that a computer would win a Pulitzer within 20 years. He disagreed. It would happen, he said, in five.
Aint nothin wrong wit Downtown! Am I wrong?
Youre saying a revolution is what's needed.
yes, this
#NowPlaying A Night Off - Drake ft. Lloyd
Let's go #Drexel Dragons!
Just got home from work... I want to relax.
every girl is a FREAK " it just take the right ngga to bring it out !
How has not gotten his first kiss ? o.o
I think it's a falafel kind of day!
Great story on by 's test batch of Cheeky Yinzer was tasting good. Psyched for all 3 beers!
I wish you'd freaking text me. It's like.. Killing me. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Eta chapter officers are about to begin the Spring 2012 retreat! Be in prayer over the next day and a half as we plan out the semester!
Hey everybody we will have the fight on tonight after the Heat game at Kyma lounge, first floor of the EPIC hotel.
Seriously Twitter. Let me upload my pics now! Its been like a week.
That pretty much sums it all up.
I actually spin more in the summer..perfect thing to do in the sunshine on my deck!
chase! where'd ya go? :(
I love the funnies :)
Gonna try going veg here myself.
So I'll drive so fuckin far away that I never cross your mind. And do whatever it takes in your heart to leave me behind.
They decided to throw a full ass jug of water at me. Lmbo thanks guys.
oh wow I'm super excited now <U+263A><U+2764>
oh yes! poreotics are amazing!
can not wait for the exciting news! Love you! I mean it;)
Big fan of the M building, but does it really need it's own Twitter account?!
Haha that's what I was thinking when I just read Justin's tweet.
I was just thinking about you. I miss you AND your voice too! Can we please reconnect? (that sounded as weird as intended)
"The Social Network" wasn't that great of a movie. Straining yourself to actually hear what the actors are saying is not entertaining!
I like the finer things
I will be on wheel of fortune before I die
Doing auditions today. Oh yea!
“: #songwriting Rules are for fools.”
hey, it's boyz. be as selfish as you want. we're all like that ;) just keep writing it. omg.
Had a productive day off, dishes, laundry, walk with the dog kid, laptop repaired, caught up on Power Point class. An accomplished day.
For the best weight loss results, exercise is a must. It will also make you feel great and think more clearly.
Risk is it's often own reward... but, calculate how much loss you can afford. Happy New Year's Eve And Mind your steps when you leave.
I can't be old. I can't be fat. I can't be like those one people. I'll never get pragmatics. I'll never have healthy connective tissue.
Thanks, and for hosting a wonderful event last night! Hope everyone had a great time.
#madewithpaper almost as beautiful as paper itself. Wish it offered a public API!
I'm finally on #4750 at work! L0l
What's with all your quote posts? That's exactly what I used to do...when there was something wrong.. :/
not to be all Judgy McJudgerson, but u watch too many movies. See some live theater - it needs and loves you more than The Help!
Nope! She's
Just me and my music till I fall asleep. Goodnight world !
he fighting ?
Hey, um Austin? I got a question. Serious question, I just might die if you don't answer. Well, um... will you follow me? ;)
Now you've got me wondering: Do I send tweets to my computer? Or to AT&T, via my Mac 'AirPort'?
MVP Systems Software Adds New Microsoft Dynamics Adaptor to JAMS Job Scheduler
...if we haven't yet I will now :-)
You diddn’t even go!
The phrase "When it rains it pours" definitely doesn't just apply to the weather today..
I love when someone's laugh is funnier than the joke.
eh dont feel bad. i last like an hour and a half in the shower
Not the news, but just as real, are the stony hills at night with no one on them, the wind through the yuccas, the sounds of birds asleep.
Thanks for support
#InTheArtOfTheCity Contributing Artists : & More!
okay i just followed you can you follow me back!:D
Take away from #amaaquent webinar: neuro #marketing can improve your product performance by helping to select more engaging ads.
hell yea!
well...I got up super early before work to pack to come see you!...so starbux was my reward.
So mad, there's no soda In the crib,great
When it rains, it pours
ha, or the one that the first person to grab a piece of bread chooses.
set times for tonight? Can't wait and good luck on this awesome show :)!
: don't worry homie there are plenty of opportunities for us to meet in the #twitterverse. We'll play this wknd.
#RoyalWedding one-year anniversary special this Sunday on BBC America. I'm so there.
Good nite Drew! Have sweet dreams and stay safe in da burg!
Let truth and love reign supreme in 2012
The warm embrace that no one knows.
Watching kick ass fuck yes! Chloe is my fucking favorite
on the same note.. i had the best dream last night; i was watching tv when a Barbie add came on "Marie Antoinette Barbie guillotine ^^
new obsession=dance moms
I LOVE YOU !!! I LOVE YOU !!! I LOVE YOU
HI GUYS
R/T Fellas don't date a chick with kids if you ain't ready to accept the kids to, yet alone be on a relationship
Thanks for all u new followers:)
I-5 NB to Vancouver- still slow off the Fremont Bridge but improves towards Vancouver; I-5 SB looks like a bad AM drive out of N. PDX
Kudos to #astd2011 our first time as an exhibitor, what a great experience and a fantastic audience. I learned a lot!
Liver Yang Riesling
STOP THE EXECUTION OF TROY DAVIS... DON'T LET THIS END IN TRAVESTY!
Don't bring the warriors into this bit them lakers fans is mad yo lol
Tag your pictures of Monk's!! I will retweet the best ones. Winners get free drinks!
who will be the 90s TV star making a cameo on #MadMen? #JennaVonOy? She's still alive, right?
I ordered it last time and it only stayed on for 10 minutes or shorter smh
check out ..dude is funny as shit and hilarious ..check him out on youtube too
Denial or senile that is the question.
WOW I slept almost 11 hrs last night! I must of needed it..feel refreshed and ready to take on the day relaxing. Lol. Happy sunday <3
Time Is $$$$$$$$$$$$$ An I Ain't Gat A Second 2 Waist -Tryin Taken Mine An I'LL Put Diz Tek N Ya Face / To Da Nine If U Tryin Step N My Way
But don't you still believe it could be an apt metaphor for it? I do.
LMAO bugs bunny been everywhere. he's a real G
Excited 4 win tonight 2 tie up series & a stomping of --
Just met a guy named Thorn Powers he impregnated me with his handshake.
heard there was a 40 min wait at the b-fast burrito place... It would have to eat me to b worth that kind of wait!
Essays dont take me long, but thats why I want to do it together, so I can figure everything out. Idk what to even do.
#LuxBride really loves rustic elegance. Consider incorporating your custom monogram throughout ceremony, invites, ceremony,etc
simply above the law...
hey guys good luck in the next performance <U+2665>. Have a nice day :D
Why are people afraid of thunder? Its just a big BOOM. Now lightning is some scary shit.
The one thing continuously on my mind, every single day, is summer <3 Lito 2012
If I Had a Gun. I would trade in my gun.
that's never fun.
Anyone ever been to Uncertain, Texas?
Once I got the vet taken care of, spent part of today discussing the little ones.
This Lorr Boii Really Followed Me To The Library Thoe -.-
I don't understand why some people don't like the movie Troy.. It's so damn good !!! #bradpitt #
Wanna help inspire my new song? Let me know what your favorite cities/landmarks are across the US!!
#ILovePeopleThat are honest, true, and aren't STUCK UP:)
Have fun! Hope you have enjoyed your time here. :)
RT OnSumMAJORshit My life, my choices, my mistakes, my lessons , not your business.
Kelly#aspenideas diversity directly correlates to radical collaboration
"Balanced curation drives conversions."
its gon b my alter ego after a while.lmao..shit cuz I got a lot of followers and followin a lot on da other 1...BLUNTS
#ThingsThatILike real.. real recognizes real.
Working on a brutal, yet bearable war film..
I just made this account, so PLEASE FOLLOW ME <3
Your Twitter account is sending DM spam. Change your password.
My first helpDominica pizza mtg in Milwaukee is filling up; thank you all!
Third ride-a-long this week. Florence County Sheriffs Office tonight.
Good advice. RT Be so good they can't ignore you.
Follow back please?<U+E328>
RT if you’re excited to grow #tomatoes in your garden this summer!
RT : WANT MORE FOLLOWERS ? R-E-T-W-E-E-T THIS AND ILL PROMO YOU TO MY 56,300+ FOLLOWERS MUST BE FOLLOWING
Healthcare Staffing is showing greater trends in growth then other staffing segments
Ditto RT : I think the hardest part of all of this is having the time & team to do this.
I've heard that Quickbooks is a beast. I'll have to give it a try.
What up young homie? Holler at you when you get here.
Fundraiser over! Job well done Gibbons family and company!
I'm super close to just saying "I'm done"
grab by forces let go lol
I don't know whether to think that's awesome and make one myself or be horrified. It better have been beyond fixing...
Get you facts first, and then you can distort 'em as much as you please. Mark Twain
My new backround <U+2665>.<U+2665> :)
Tap the bottle and twist the cap.
Thias is little more than an excuse to do bourbon shots at noon, And I respect you for it.
ZAYN FOLLOW ME ! PLEASE ! I LOVE U ZAYN ! YOUR AN INSPIRATION AND I LUVV U ! PLEASE FOLLOW ME <3 PLEASE <3 ;D
Let it be, yeah baby.
i was gunna make a cody tshirt but since im broke, i cant... Freakin darnit
hm, I was strangely disappointed to find them.
That strike 3 is absurd, BUT #BrettLawrie has to sit for a while to learn how to keep his shit together.
Despite NCAA hoops, weekend highlight was a one-hour special about puppies. Zero content or plot. Just cute puppies.
At work sleepy Gm luvs <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><U+270B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
good luck dude. Make sure you look after tha manxmissile
i mean, some of the shit i say.
Setting up my #sports social media link wheel as had explained. Great content Sam.
Do I dare ask??
def sweet nothings!
The fish/kissy face girls do now<<<<
Man,I miss u more...I'm over this month long game of phone tag B...hit me up...
You know a game in Houston has gotten out of hand when they start searching for Richie Sexson's dent on the flag pole.
It's happy hour at #Xeroxdrupa hall 8b hurry over and have some fun with #Xerox at #drupa - we'd love to see you!
I caught my homeboy taking a lovey dovey pic with his lady. The look in his face when I caught him lmfbo!!!
Treating myself to lunch out today, obviously going with -- AND remembered I can redeem my free bday burrito. WIN WIN!
Ah... Memorial Day is here - respect to all those serving in our military! Thanks for protecting our freedom and liberty. Peace! :)
I cant wait to be there savanna is coming too
Almost just died with
Can you send some of those this way? I miss those like crazy!
That pic is incredibly hot.
Anyone have any fitness tips? I'm going to start a series called "Fitness Tip Fridays" on my site
Excuse me Sir Paul, but you've got Beetlejuice coming out yer pits.
every year in conferance someone come from out of the blue to win it lootown will win the play offs
Casey Anthony, meet Dexter Morgan.
At work hungry and sick from the chest up... Time for another DayQuil dosage.
Its so hot watching them drive that car
ha :-) RT : If you don't beat me on the course (likely) good luck catching me in the parking lot.
“: It's like a badge you unlock when you reach a certain revenue level.” Perfect.
oh darn, I was hoping to be the one learning from the experienced folks :)
I wake up everyday genuinely giddy to get to my desk and start working.. Do what you love, love what you do
I callin u out on tht. Tht has to be a lie cuz u look gorgeous
We believe there are a set of steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
hahaha. and uhmmmm... do ya mind paying? lol jk. did u have VIP last time?
Girl, NO. That's why I opted for communication, with a journalism minor. I was able to use my PR/organizational skill-sets.
should have an update for you soon, working a few angles on tourney.
yeah man i was talkin to issac about it..im pretty sure we're playing..i was just going to hit you up about bracelets
lol technically the guys looked slutty too :)
Daily grind to get mine!!
Defense!!! Why are the midfields the kings of the pitch?! Cause they're USA!
We would love for your lovable characters to join our parade. Please consider and Happy Birthday!
Anyone in Indianapolis into Morph Suits or want to Morph? www.morphsuits.com and ADD
I agree with your basic point, but in blogosphere, seems to be far less accountability for just making shit up.
oh wow i live in lexington nebraska.
Wow that new anti-HIV drug costs about $14,000 per year.
It.Is.Meatloaf.Night.
I Have The Biggest Headache Ever.. I Gotta Stop Eatin All Tht Pork!!!! Lol
lol! I take it that the little boogers got on you're nerves....wrongy!! I owe you big time :)
Shout out??!!
": RT hey hun how are u~ I'm good boo!! Chillian like a villian!" That's good miss u guys we gotta hook up
what's your group?
you are most welcome, happy to be here for you
Mi familia on Paul McCartney: "He needs to give it up. CORNY. Enough to put you to sleep."
Hee hee :-) That's how we work.
At yet another brilliant performance of
When it comes to social commentary, #AndrewNiccol hasn't lost his touch. had my pulse racing, and wasn't a
Shiiiiit that's my main bitch ova there. Ima stick my dick right through her underwear
Okay, so when is ESPN gonna stop talking about bounty suspensions and mention that a former NFL great is dead?
If you or your friends haven't followed us to get the $5 grand opening admission tonight the cut off is 9pm
I need some fresh ideas for Santa - what's the one, must-have item on your child's list this year?
Luckenbach, TX all weekend! Sat = full band, Sun = songwriter swap w/ Lisa Morales & Graham Wilkinson. Both shows are 1-5pm. Come on out!
Haven't tuned in yet, but love it.
Back to real life
did really great!! they touched the lives of so many people and will always be considered a winner to me!! I love you all!! :)
Thanks for Retweeting!
I can't wait, either!! It's gonna be fun!
no way he pulls an actual 1st half "uggla"...but I agree that his numbers will be significantly lower than his career avg
I'll stuff you in the crust!
Finally got our twiiter up. Realized we didn't even have an account until the coming soon page was up.
I sincerely hope this is an autocorrect situation.
Of course there's always gonna be at least one asshole in Boston starting shit...keep runnin ya mouth...Yankees will always be too btw
There's something wonderful about brunch foods.
A lady asked me to copy a Matisse's painting: "les coucous" sold for $45M in 2009(Collection YSL).No reference in Matisse's work....Bizarre.
Happy Tuesday!
LES GET IT! www.Myspace.com/FaddyDaddyMusic www.YouTube.com/FaddyDaddyMusic www.Facebook.com/FaddyDaddyMusic
“: B Davis it was a good career c u at the y” hater
Awesome past couple days! Not looking so good for the upcoming weekend.
haha I haven't checked my mail yet, I'll check after class, and I'll call her. :)
when are we laying out ? :)
If you live in a renters' market, keep renting — and buy a little weekend cabin for nothing! (On water somewhere, of course.)
Lmao *DYING* that shit still cracks me up!
Weekend is about to kick-off soon! Resting a sore right calf muscle, so I can be ready for next week!
thanks. super discounted and platform. all good.
Big congrats to Bubba Watson!!
I'm not a braggart, but when I was a little girl people used to come from all over Hollywood to hear me sing. -- Etta James
Patron wanted copy of Where the Wild Things Are. Had to call Belmont to have them pull it.
No clue...too bad there is no TV coverage..LOL
Coffee or tea??
this week for sure!
Does anyone know how to play True American?
Its game day. Soccer tonight. My team is undefeated, let's keep it up!
Did you change your Twitter name?!
when i will i'll take it for xbox : ----] <<----dats my jaw droppin and my nose growin caz im lyin
lol you actually found your brain?
FREE BOOSIE BOO THE CITY DEAD W/O YOU WE WANT OUR LIFE BACK!!!!!!!
It's Rory Gilmore on Mad Men!
ooh ok damn! I'm goin to be around there too at krav maga off fredricksburg....well it's up to u hun I u wanna drive to my area
i would have totally slipped my number to this hott dude i waited on.. if he wasn't with his parents.
looking forward to seeing your WalMart trip. I did get it on communispace and off work tomorrow so will try to work on blog
encourage Soul Fest attendees to maintain a healthy lifestyle. Text 'HEALTH' to 300400. Free #diabetes risk assessment.
that's amazing. Love it! I'm sitting outside of the office doing some work in the sunshine!! :) Wish I had a guitar!
If Wade complains hard enough, maybe they'll charge the foul to Melo on himself.
not only don't i know what i'd do without you, even if i did know, i still couldn't do it without you.
Watching horror movies and calling it 'work.'
got the agent :)
WANT U BACK BY CHER LLOYD IS SO STUPID BUT I LOVE HER
The Big Show has now become "The Bitch Show"
It's happening again.
I would like to live inside a Jackson Browne song.
How about we get ahead of a hitter Randy. Just once!
OH you know, just doing our CumberDuty, to ensure the genes survive.
Bankia IPO Leaves Shareholders $2 Billion Poorer After Bailout
Very true. RT : Issue is: some tech - though very cool - was created BEFORE society decided it needed it.
Having an AWESOME time at the DCOTA event right now!
Can't beat the movie Roadhouse.
I wish I could sleep but of course I'm having growing pains right now, like i always do even though I never grow after the pains
I totes missed the death stare. But she was too cute when she won!!
NO! Haha jkkk! You guys are cool ;) what are you doing later?
I'm my own team
#taken by <3
Mornin'! You must have avoided Twitter yesterday, then. :-)
happy Easter!! Come to our island! Oahu(: or visit me(;
writing mothers day cards are we?
funny you say that: found some in a box. Never a gave, but I do like LFT's lures, especially the fries. Magical...
Where the hell is the FEMA guy? He will do a helluva good job rescuing me from door installation hell.
Happy Memorial Day!!! Please join us is remembering all of our service men and women who gave the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom.
so threw for '316' yards.....um John 3:16........isn't it cheating to have #GOD help you c'mon man LOL
well damn i'm right lol
...AH! going now to look for it! thanks for the heads-up! (why is the scary mom always the last to know?!)
Mantracker has lots of female prey, but never does the 'Tracker have a female guide accompanying him. He sexist?
modern money is a medieval concept & earlier forms are most certainly post-agri revolution, so I think art is older
Lots to choose from in our Seasonal Decor department. Check it out at www.giftideashoppe.com ~
Got my sister to massage my sun burn >:)
The South Park Center is now on Twitter! We're really excited to connect with people and businesses in south Charlotte NC!
Basketball overload today.
i like her alot
In the studio
Since it's already the 23rd there, Happy St George's Day to my English tweeps!
watching parenthood and relaxing before going to bed and looked at the clock and didnt realize it was soo late lol
fans - let's all welcome Buster Posey to Twitter: Go Giants! (It's the middle of bloody Jan. & I'm already revved)
Check out this event: The LIFE Party - Tavern on the Lake on 2012-01-28
Got Green? Get ready for St. Paddy's day at The Fashion Attic. Lots of green to go around!
omg your client can time travel? *awesome*
it must be really hard to be Bubba Army and see him spiraling down the drain.. Then use your Stern fan acct, for that show
they will
President Obama has some giant cajones. #gaymarriage either that it he is a super genius. This will change the race for reelection
I love both! I miss my keyboard :( we still have to hang out!
'Whoever has my commands & obeys them, he's the one who loves me...I too will love him & show myself to him.' John 14.21 //Obedience!
Oh shoot... Need to make a birthday cake for Ash! #AshamBirthday =)
real shit it gives them hell of courage sitting behind that screen
"Rat Deflation at Sotheby's" is the "Breakfast at Tiffany's" of our time.
I feel like I need to tweet when shit like this happens, and that people know I'm going to...
Can you try a different browser? I checked mine, and it's working. Sometimes a different browser does the trick.
#Thatdouchebag who's there exactly when you open and knocks because you're 30 seconds late unlocking the doors
I think it would be wrong NOT to.
I thought you especially might like that one
I think the one lesson I have learned is that there is no substitute for paying attention. -Diane Sawyer
consider it done!
thanks for follow up! If you want me to DM you, Twitter won't let me send a msg without you following me. Happy to send more!
- maybe she thought you were a record exec in disguise, or a #SimonCowell scout... ;)
Hit a 3 point shot and won myself a Bucks shooting jersey - all in a days work :)
So happy I'm able to use a laptop again those five days without a charger were horrible.
Stowe's depiction romanticizes slavery. People were murdered, lynched, raped.
thanks for the autograph, Hurricane. Made my buddy's day!
Hi Margo! Can you provide me your email address via DM? I would love to touch base. Thanks! -Hannah
then its not reunion
I want to go on a bike ride with someone.
My lunch is ruined
are you enjoying yourself
You're welcome... I did you a favor(:
Experience, travel – these are as education in themselves. ~Euripides
I miss Frozen Caveman Lawyer. He was a lawyer, and a caveman. He would have been a great lawyer for
The hair might be cute, but it's hot & my dog needs to be shaved. And yes, I mean my actual dog. I need a groomer.
go to bed greg
...#student loans outstanding now exceeds $1 trillion. Americans now owe more on student loans than on #credit cards-USA Today
That's just how shit goes.
The secret of success in any RELATIONSHIP LIES IN TURNING ONE ALPHABET UPSIDE DOWN ..ME TURN INTO WE
"Elections not necessarily indicative of a democracy,"today at Harvard's "Women Making Democracy" conference.
We got a new artist that sounds just like Lil' Wayne!!!!!!!!! He's fucking TIGHT!!!!
Now on Pandora: Phish's "Sample in a Jar." Almost makes me want to dust off "Hoist."
It's funny how I love you and you don't love me back. LOL xx
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.
The Black Keys "Little Black Submarines" is my SHIT right now. New album out 12/6 - prepare accordingly.
Since I'm sick of those "RT if you ___" I got one for you: #RT of you're HUMAN. That covers most of you.
so thinking we roll really hard and then go to NV next weekend cause its gonna be the best time EVAR
Finished my IOE flight & I'm now a #JFK Inflight Crewmember :) Thx to those who helped me get there
Oh what a beautiful morning:)
exactly, so many pastors get so caught up in the eternal soul that they ignore the present embodiment.
IT'S $10 Fishy Friday, come check out our lemon sauce for the salmon... Giddy Up!
Pleasure to meet you , fellow Houstontian.
Congrats to our sister (fake) news site, #TheDiggerer, for going viral yesterday. From 400+ visitors to 21K+! Great work everyone!
MON Dinner Dessert Special:Chocolate Ice Box Pie with Vanilla Anglaise, Fresh Whipped Cream & Chocolate Shavings
I know but it seems so shocking, like they're taking all the "leg work" out of writing paper. Call me old-fashioned!
that's so random! Lol
now that's poverty right there.
Cadillac Cafe has a Tex Mex burrito, and the Daily Cafe (54th/Halsey) has a good breakfast burrito.
I guess it's time to hump some mulch around the yard, any helpers?
diplo is sick
I HATE fake fans. If you down with us you down with us.! (Btw I ain't talking bout noone right nooowwww....) - Zaona
cool.see you then
came home to see that i have 500 followers. WOO(:
watching phidnas and ferb and there tring to make a Grand enterence too bad isnt there (:
sounds like Hank's playin' favorites! Ur Middle initial L for Lopsided! Xoxo
Have yo ever had some head that made you feel like you was in scientist
you both are driving me crazy here ;p who the fuck are you?? Lmao
Thanks, Jen! Glad you enjoyed using Bypass Lane!
thank you. We're having a ton of fun with the blog, and the word is spreading :-)
Kobe needs to make this a two man game with Bynum. S/N: Ibaka keep shooting!
Packing up our equipment for Re-Prom at tonight. Excited to help Huntington's Disease Society- WI chapter!
#bbnfam miss y'all too!
Happy Mother's Day to all of the incredible moms out there! Have a great one!
I can go for some steak right now
I can't believe I haven't tweeted in over a week! So sorry, it's been so busy in the store - thanks to all of you for coming in to shop!
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook My ex-wife's profile
Help me out: What kind of content would you like me to share with you?
Stealing the job title "firestarter" from at #alamw12; works better than "librarian". ;-)
Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before
We're back on Top of the Twin Cities this morning on Sunrise.. at the Foshay Tower. Use #topoftc to let us know what you think!
My money is still on Butter Bean.
I went to the gym this morning then meditated, what a wonderful way to start my week!
it's pretty true though.
Sometimes life just really sucks.
- how do i do the twitter upgrade?
I got kool-aid in mine! Lol
Hearing to songs and seeing her old videos :') #itsajasminatorthing :)
Tomorrow I get to see !! All that stands in my way is a mountain of laundry
My guinea pig pissed on me ... Ima punch her
We had a fun night at tonight. Did you know that grows Venus Flytraps?
Russell Brand on Fresh Air made me laugh; asked Andy to get me Booky Wook for a diversion.
Hoping for a tie in the MNF game and another #BrewCrew victory! #BeastMode!!
But I lost 11lb in 5 days sans coffee :)
Late movie is Bullit (1968). The good old days--when you could still bring your handgun into an airport and run around on the tarmac.
OMG!! The guy I love just told me I'm BEAUITFUL!!!! I love him so much
Getting ready to do remote support for two clients while attempting to get a sound card working in a Sony Vaio.
ya forsure as soon as there printed ill let you know whats up forsure.tell ur friends to add us on here and myspace :) ha plz
same here...depressing is the exact word.
Did you know that May is the National Masturbation Month :)
I don't remember that part lol. Guess I wasn't paying that close attention.
some of the people i follow suddenly became "unfollowed" for some reason. twitter's messing with me today......
Man... I got bitches walking me to my car. Good luck to and !!
*pets you slowly* Cutie hehe
Happy Hump day
Have a nice trip.
thanks for thefollow!
“As a teenager you are at the last stage in your life when you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you.”
that is awesome. I am super excited about watching space nazis get blown up.
lets hope on the eighth of Feb I get paid.
People jus talk to much these days..its some secrets I'm takin to my grave with me..
Well if you keep your pants on maybe that will change ; )
I think they'll look a lot better on the sweaters. Your thoughts?
RT : listen to they will make u smile
you're welcome! <3
ok amazing. See you soon
excellent recap of tornado victim stories---keep up the great coverage.
Would love to see you in a UK uniform! Good luck on your decision!
Transcribing a Felitin Timbero Mayor song for Chicago Tap Theatre's collaboration with Max Pollack. I miss downbeats.
I hope everybody attends the unveiling of the founding line of Sigma Lambda Gamma National Sorority INC at UD this Saturday!!!
That has turned into one of my favorite verses! :)
And a #MerryChristmasEve to you too!
You both should definitely come to #CovertTU!
better safe than thirsty is my motto. A back up bottle is necessary.
RT“: If South Florida can't generate more offense, they might have to start going for it on 4th down.”
I told the MANE TO GO AND MARRY THE BITCH
RT : Wink at the next 5 people you see! Nothing changes the mood like a wink! Mix in a smile and things will go bananas!!
I saw your tweet to ...HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAHOMIE(;
Ran into old friend & former Simplot CIO Ray Sasso this morning. He feels the economy is better than we're being led to believe.
thatcampcolumbus.org is now square-monitor-friendly at 1024. Sorry 800x600, you're still out of luck. we're humanists not gods.
Thanks 4 Prayers, Sweet Sister Friend! ~ {hugs} :)
#PinkTip Your brand is your promise to the consumer. Your customers determine the perception of your brand.
Can't wait for this weekend. Thank you for kicking off the Downtown Alive event..www.facebook.com/events/377967948895204/
ima need to hurry & come back from work
I plan to do an amazing photo shoot one day!
Hockey in an outdoor stadium is fantastic. Super cool.
#OneWordThatDescribesHer perfect for me.
RT "look at them like a golden million dollar baby" thanks lil b
Shoutout to for always having positive things to say.. Go follow him #Teamfollowback!
My auto correct keeps making psha, OSHA. Is bad 90's slang in text messages now an occupational hazard?
Routinely running 5 miles in just about exactly 40 mins nowadays. So I got that goin' for me... which is nice.
L.O.X., Drag-On, Eve - Ryde Or Die Chick
Some Schools Don&#39;t Let Kids Carry Asthma Inhalers
Back at work till saturday :-(
lol I know I know!
KARAOKE tonight at Karma ( on Ogdan) with Carly Rose. also KARAOKE tonight at Irish Knot ( on Fratney) with Keegan.
she's Nikki Minaj's worse nightmare
The Rock Snaps Up Mansion near Miami
I am officially a proud investor of !
it's meant to take over a space to promote something. For example: an event or yourself...
RT : What time signature is "Happy Birthday" in? // FREESTYLE!
So...totally loved #tcea2011! Great info, resources, and tons of fun!
Merry Xmas
Thanks again , for your tweets!
Gays and gals - lend me your followers! I'm headed to Montréal for the first time! Who do I need to know?
as weird as this sounds, you have really pretty eyelashes!
So if you're a pregnant fifteen year old you probably shouldn't be posting pics on facebook of you posing with a bottle
Sounds good to me, too RT : I like that tag; will use for tweets
Reading the list of what you're passionate about promoting, I get excited. Thanks!
DJ on the radio saying that he knew Call Me Maybe would be a hit after being at IU and hearing every girl scream it
Looking forward to it! RT In addition to the great YA events listed, and will be popping by in April.
I dont appreciate his game because hes playing for all the wrong reasons. Easy championships vs. building a legacy. u cant deny.
smh I just realize how true that is. cause instead of typing something over I just used a screenshot smh
Thanks! Yes, everything's fine. Just had something come up that had to be taken care of right at that moment.
Tried to reach out for you several times, dont quite understand how this works but trying again.
Today in 1988. The Greater Milwaukee Committee's Brewers Task Force supports building a new stadium over the renovation of County Stadium.
Look, I get that you're all peeved at North Carolina, but shut up about it... You're getting worse than hockey fans.
Yeah, well, maybe. Though I do span windows across multiple monitors though occasionally (and the panel would clash)
Happy Birthday! Hope you have a good day!!
Very Cool...Love winning stuff!
omg the cuteness of the baby pic!
But that means you'll be paying me a potentially unlimited amount...
I will be in town all of next week! Better see you!
just ask ok well how are you so inspiring is it your hair your eyes or just you im still trying to figure out
Down for going tanning today. #lastday <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
please follow me so we can update each other (^O^<U+2606><U+266A>
Emerald City tomorrow
Loved me some Tooth Fairy 2 !
RT : The smallest act or gift can have the biggest impact if there is a lot of love behind it. ~
new vids look great!
Y'all know what I mean by Whiskey Tango Foxtrot? ;)
awww well on the bright side you don't have to deal with the crappy valentines day menus hahah
Staring at my first #writing group submission like the edits will magically make over the page:) #distractions on a saturday
Thanks for coming out and for the kind words!
in the 80's today. that's what im talking about. tank tops. shorts. summer music
LOL WHY WOULD YOU EVER JUST RUN 11 MILES
listening to game on radio FSU feed. Good announcer even tho he's a homer. Go canes. Color man a total homer
ALWAYS RT : bet homie bet my man believe that homie:::
y'all are high.
OMG me too. :o What's your school?
woke up this morning to Beethoven's Symphony No. 7 in A Major, Op. 92: II. Allegretto, saw the sun, walked the pups, it's going to be great!
Why am I awake at this time?...
Moving into the new apt this weekend! Excited to finally be settled!
Not so excited given Kruger and Kindle on the rosterRT : Eric DeCosta says Courtney Upshaw's specialty is setting the edge
"When you pray, say: 'Deliver us from the evil one'" -Luke 11:2; Matthew 6:13
The weather is really nice today.
ah you rock!
thnx “: great win! Enjoyed it from my Verizon 4G LTE Android smartphone! The best in wireless service! shameless plug!"
Is that it guys?? That sounds like one of the dullest MLS policy mtgs in yrs!
Yeah! She said she wanted to come down, and when I told her you and I were going, she really wanted to go.
sounds like a cool guy!
Brewing coffee heading out to wonderful work...ugh!!
crap....weather.com said its gonna rain this Saturday again :/
check out the updated website, now with all the music videos in HD! www.silverproductionsmv.com
Love your blog and added you to my Google! Great job...
its ok i just ate cheese..what is wrong with me?
fuck both of you .
At Seattle's Paramount Theater, Divine Performing Arts put on another fabulous performance.
what did the buffalo say to his son. When he left for college?
“It is easy to make a buck. It<U+201F>s a lot tougher to make a difference.” ~Tom Brokaw
Holding a grudge against someone is like allowing them to live rent-free in your head.
Getting really sick of the taste of cough drops
Love the playoff atmosphere at this Cavs game. They REALLY don't want that record.
thank you much. yeh, it's not the ideal time but may as well see what happens. will take compost & water advice: thankyou!
Headed to Philly on Thurs. My 1st stop will be for a crunchified burger, great fries and a Black & White w/ whipped cream
I'm so glad the old overalls guy won Power Fan.
Ninjas can never stop being ninjas.
The Galleries look fantastic, it's going to be a great opening on Friday night.
Learning #English? Need to improve your #English language skills? Free initial assessment & free 45 min Skype session. Try before you buy!
Viva Las Vegas! Can't wait to see tonight playing w/ Macca at the MGM!
Beginner`s Silk Sash Restraints @ www.kandizone.com
Hey just on my way to work.. As always lol How are you?
#sometimesyouhaveto keep your comments to your self .
things are going all right, just focusing on my next job and school.....keep me in mind if you hear anything out there
PREASEASON OVA......to the grind baby.... ;) our sites goin interactive soon... we still need some bloggers... sports fanatics unite!
The margins for the producer are not too much.
Why is it that your menu options have always changed?
Thanks to for sharing the news about the Maritime Ghost Conference with her followers. :)
sure ! Then u stop subtweeting about me !
say something now about the team??
yay can't wait
Grizzly fans are reckless
A little foggy outside but bustling inside Have beautiful purple basil 2day & of course WG!! Come by & say hi!!
I mean.. about you life, something new? :)
#Likeitornot is THE best artist, the man has managed 2 stay relevant & still gives back to the #WEST for more that 20yrs.
Food for thought: We are a direct reflection of the 5 people we hang out most with! is it time to change some people in our circle?
yaayy! I wanna go to the lighthouse because thats supposed to be haunted and they do ghost hunts!
UWS Columbus Ave just achieved 100% occupancy — not a single vacant storefront among 188 locations between West 67th-82nd streets
im thinking of getting back into twitter but i need a buddy... make me feel important
RT Gay Rights:Lift your head & know,as a Gay person your no accident,no abnormality. You are precisely and intentionally ...
See, I always liked you. I do the same thing every year. You menace to the golfing industry, you.
yea yea when u want too lol
Could not have said it better: RT : A huge thank you to all who tweeted #ngs2012 for those of us not there. Safe travels back home!
Just had brunch and I beat the hunger games.
Good morning fashion hearts
Been back to writing and editing the last few days. Now my arm is going numb again. Drat.
Algeria played well against England. Or England just plain out stunk.
If you're not following stop whatever you're doing and get them in your feed. They're gold, I'm telling you, pure gold
I'm assuming this is referring to strippers... RT : I have twins on the way chris and kaden n I love them already
Happy Birthday to Hope you had a fabulous day!
You're tweeting the wrong Twitter handle. is a Podcast, not a Theater. :)
Thanks for the follow!
what up playa? Message me ur number bro so we can talk about this Asia thang lol
lol I kno her song was titled that, but I said expectation is planned resentment. Did she say that too?
Severe Thunderstorm Warning for all of Milwaukee and Racine Co, east Waukesha Co, east central Walworth co, and ne Kenosha Co. until 12:45pm
I want to make pizza. I also don't want to move. You see my dilemma.
you have some hair. I am jealous.
Happy V-Day everyone! Lots of love going out to you all!
": When Leap of Faith closes, there'll still be SIX Bway shows made from movies//Sad. We desperately need original musicals.
Let me set up a shoot for you guys!
Thanks John! So glad you're enjoying it!
simple RESPECT
PROUD OF YOU AUSTIN. love this TT <3
just did! Have a great day
WHAT? Your not running around downtown tonite? Too much TV can get to you Mr Knapp
is at the Jazz Kitchen this weekend for CD release performances with the Pharez Whitted Sextet.
I was thinking about the noodles. But I know you're missing a good California roll right now. *pour out a little miso*
Wonderful #wordsofwisdom! RT: never miss an opportunity just because you might be tired the next day.
this is honestly one of my favorite videos on youtube
how much more left in the class?
was here i love you bum <3
what did you think of the fight?
We just received your feedback email! Thanks for the thoughtful insight! We will pass this on to Bellevue this afternoon!
My mom is trying to work twitter mobile. This is gonna be funny
nothing like some good old will and grace you clearly are a comic genus
New to branded intros "New To This Town"
Belated, but: That was The Real World, not True Life!
out of soap...did it anyway
I'm sure all Nielsen Families are just disgruntled viewers like you pissed that they recast the mom in Fresh Prince
thank you! I appreciate the feedback.
ooh, that's a good one. i thought of a collar with a built in retractable leash but my hubs said "stupid." such a meanie
I still got it for ya
That moment where you get all comfy in bed to watch tv while the kids nap then realize the remote is across the room on the floor.
Not trying to be discriminatory, but my supervisor was a woman:)
WHY PAY AN IN HOUSE ARTIST THROUGH THE SLOW SEASON???
Writing a essay in the clouds... I'm bad. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Cute outfit!
Leaked next-gen iPhone part casts doubt on Liquidmetal case
: No I agree 100%. JL3 blew the game for Bulls. Korver was open. JL3 kept dribbling. Never want to see that dude again.
Does this mean you agree with how he handled the situation? That seems to be what got him the ax.
Hi Scott. Sorry, but Liberty is not included in this round of 4G expansions in IN.
Excited to be using my new #billboardBag for the first time out shopping.
The Arch firm I work for is blocking Revit blogs but Facebook is available.
Hehe you're welcome & spaghetti is awesome ;) & nah I really need to start working hard now, or I'm gonna fail big time. &
Awesome goal ladies but it's not over yet.
As promised, click on the link provided to print off ur free Blueberry Banana Nut Oatmeal w/ purchase of any beverage coupon!
No one could ever replace you or mean as much as you do. You mean everything to me. Just remember that. K? <3
the strawberry lemonade kind is the GOAT
It's Saturday and I'm not doin shit. Relaxation time.
I adore so much.
lol oh stop. No you're not ;)
Duly noted - we'll add that to the list of things we'll look into for next time. Thanks! cc
yup me too
Just order "Lost at School." I like the approach and it works in many cases. My prob is class of 36 with 12-15 very troubled kids
i hate u! Ugh! Hahaha
Is it me or does Pastor Gudel look like the grasshopper from A Bug's Life?
idk I asked her to lol,I hope she answers one of us
LIfe is what you make it, ok must remind myself everyday!!!
yay ! glad to hear it was enjoyed :)
Super Mario is a Bill
what you do…is great.
Ready for the bus :P I DON'T WANNA GO :(
I saw that name on the marquee and thought they were an 80s hair metal tribute band. Too bad their not.
hey how u doing love?
If I beat he might shank me. Yikes..haha.
We've got a show coming up at The Grog Shop Feb 14th. Hit us up for tickets, it's gonna be an awesome evening.
darts is hard.
Basketball 101: A good shot in any offense is one that has been practiced over and over and over...
“You can have results or excuses. Not both”
Austin was a Paul Heyman guy
Good morning and happy Tuesday! Enjoying my day off, and working on getting rid of that ever growing laundry pile!
Shot clock violation!
i wish i could :/
[runs my hand through 's hair]
They are the worst, the worst!
haha I know I seen this dude flossin some Beverley hills polo Cologne. Like polo. I straight died!
Holy shit this has been a long week...need some r n r...I wanna go see avengers again
I assume your Shiba likes to dig. Our male goes nuts in the sand.
why the fuck you in Midlo??
can I add u on Facebook
& - thank you for the follow & adventurous journey!
Frank Martin goes from Kansas St to South Carolina? Backwards/sideways move?
Work with the credit card points that you earn. Most of us dont mind the points we've earned, maximize them to save money
Does anyone try and figure out who Alan Sugar is firing next week by his pointing direction?
"Reputation... perceives u." I am OUT. I will see the insomniac tweetfolk at 2 AM sharp.
Thank you for the mention, Jurgen Best wishes for the new year.
Also video to your 1/4 tweet-:9/11Memorial Museum plans to engage - has notice "password protected" when clicked.
Would you be interested?
3rd, talk about how your toy is gonna work and just explain it and how the particles of gas move and their nature (Summary)
#CES2012 is around the corner. If you would like to check out our booth, we will be located at North Hall, Booth # 6424.
Take the #guitar outside today and play.
Anyone know a good advertising exec? I need advice!
you are welcome! share the love...pass the word...we love our AT&T neighbors!
Felt really strong today attacking s IMPACT workout week 9.
Big Brother creeping into your pocket an inch at a time hoping you won't notice...until its to late
i would kill myself f f f f f f
Josh Beckett is awful. Too early?
Lol I'm home!
yes, Batum, we all are watching the game. What do you think of the game so far?
Veggie soup made, corn bread made, and brownies in the oven. Man my kitchen smells great!
I'm not sure if Aldrich is still with the team.
lmfao we both said u was gonna wake up and say that lol
The only person you should ever compete with is yourself. You can't hope for a fairer match.-- Todd Ruthman
Ha!-->RT : But u can get a free iPhone 4. ;) RT : Gave up on the #smbmad Twitter search. Darn Twitter spam!
nic lived and is doing very well. The child that died is different
Maybe I Should Just Fall Back.!
Stranded on Hole 11 and I have to **
And, I LIVE in a CRYING FACTORY every time I read Sugar. She's just SO kind.
Watch your back, pardner!
guess it's good I find that our before we walk down the isle....want the diamond back? Too bad!
This >>> RT : It's faith in something and enthusiasm for something that makes a life worth living - Oliver Wendell Holmes
“: Got Sour Patch Kids and Sour Skittles for the trip tomorrow. :3” best candy. Ever.
i have to pee
Hate is not the opposite of love. Fear is.
check out (Japanese samurai exhibit), (Tut exhibit!), (Ansel Adams & Georgia O'Keefe exhibit)
Start of bath "I don't want to take a bath" End of bath " I don't want to get out" I can never win in this house of monsters
Long week ahead and lots of work.
Red Sox fans are angry. RT : Bag guy was my hero tonight.
Congratulations, Mr. Close Up Magician of the YEAR.
You say that every time until ______ calls lmfao
My mouth is really sore Blah.....
I really hope that Bill & Ted isn't made into a third movie. It will be a total flop!.
Thanks for following!
but still......haha
welcome aboard!!
today was headache worthy... in a good way.
Mega Hair Elite will be doing eyelash specials with at Mega Hair Elite's new location - coming soon!
lol I try but they all come out ugly to me
In the city early:) Shoppingg day. <U+2764>
Money ain't everything, it only magnifies who you already are.
and the nuggets are out in the 1st round again. but its my team. i've sat through it all.
This week we welcome GlassBuild America 2011 to the building!
Big time! Spread the word!
Uuuugggghhhhhh....is that a mood? If it's not, it should be.
Yea, I know there's more important things, but don't forget to remember me.
Remember nothing new on game day! One of the biggest mistakes athletes make is trying a new food prior to competition
Let's get physical!
we need one asap!
American Horror Story is like a cross between My So Called Life and Rosemary's Baby
I wish canker sores on everyone asking me "how it's going"
when you get that Aston Martin, I want a ride.
Love that Drew Gordon did the celebration belt move!
Americans save less than 5% of their income on average. In India, that rate is closer to 25%, and in China, closer to 50%.
Off work and on my way home...
“: Making lists you never take action on just adds to your guilt & frustration. Make a list of 3. Then Go, Do.”
ooh la la what a view glad to be heading home though
Oh & this wildcat nonsense needs to stop. VY ain't no w/c QB
its like 65 degrees outside, inside my house:92. I just dont get it...
“: what's up there Delnora? Awesome to see you on here :)” Thanks Mark :) Miss y'all! Rock out my home state tonight!
Truth is stranger than fiction.
I miss you so much ):
What song are you listening to right... 1..2..3.. NOW?!?
RT : RIP Donna Summer - she was one of the best - sad
Going out tonight gonna be an awkward dinner
*6-0 in the regular season not The playoffs
Sleep during a thunderstorm >
: Buying all the FF gear I can get now, plus regular BU stuff for my fam for Easter, and then hopefully champ gear next!
I'm not very good at all of these internet sites..but I'm learning.
Screw any NFL reports. 2nite imma call out da men, why do u waste the time of ladies (careers, IQs, no kids),etc. D*mn. #sigh, #bustas,
cobra is so deadly that one gram of it
He's out for the playoffs.
we should! I just need someone who believes in me.
You're welcome!
ha watch we will bounce back and win the series, celtics definitely wont be winning it though
That annoying feeling when you're dying to talk to someone, but you refuse to text them first.
RT I have found the best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do it-Truman
are you and alexis dating??
Life gives answer in 3 ways. It says Yes & gives u what u want, it says no and gives u something better, it says wait and gives u the Best!
you're seriously one of my favorite people ever! I'm not just saying that. If we lived in the same city, we'd SO bffs!
what up James? Miss ya. I'll b at phish AC 6-16, you?
Go 'Cuse! I cant stand WI basketball. Hope both teams do what they do best. 'Cuse....play zone and score tons. WI play boring. 88- 25 Syr
So many people just want magic weight loss. How much longer til everyone figures out it's all about eating halthy & exercising?
20 more to 100!! C'mon guys, help us out!
#SMWdiplomacy Great question about metrics and how efficient tax dollars are at use by State Dpt.
"Life would have been easier if interested in 19th or 18th century literature, but no" Text mining the 20th century
stop talking to me now
3 blue dots for indoor, 3 blue (unhappy) dots for outdoor. It's okay. I'm sure I can hang until April to get a new deal.
HELL YEAH!! THAT WOULD BE AN AWESOME SHOW!!! :D
"A Christmas Carl"
god first er thing else second
pretty much everyone on IASIP.
Maltese/West Highland mix
umm wouldn't that make them then repubs? Then why have Democrats? Personally I don't want to be insane, repressed, & evil.
Class #LHXXX knows that exercising leadership entails "building the bridge as [we] walk on it"! (--as per Robert E. Quinn)
Tooth Paste dispensers are the shit.
I think I tweet about the temperature of my bum too frequently.
This week's #FF cool cats are
Annual Necessary Retirement Income Multiplied By The Number of Years You Will Be Retired. This'll Tell You What Retirement Will Likely Cost
I have had Time Bomb by Rancid stuck in my head for daaaayssss
hahahahaha guilty lo he echo ..lol.
With the major budget cuts and layoffs they had to have it seems unlikely for the next few years :( Defense is so competitive.
that's really funny
saw my neighbor taking a rentboy into his apartment, so naturally I asked him how much he was paying him.
There's legit beats playing in my head right now
no, hes not my babe! Harry is <3 haha
lol, i was about to say ..
I have to wait until 11:00 for the Verizon store to open so that I can get my new smartphone.
Everyone in #LIC get excited! is back in business starting Mon 4/2! Three trucks per day 11a-3p
Cheering the #Astros tonight but like the #wanationals choice in at-bat music. How is it at the park ?
Apparently The Girl Next Door has become my Christmas movie? I hadn't watched it in years and it's not xmas-ey at all, but such a classic.
I feel bad for Derrick Rose and Iman Shumpert
I now have partly blue hair.
"No sleep til brooklyn"..RIP ~Adam
gettin ready for a girls night out =) anyone who wants to join, text me!!! ->KimBeezy<-
I want to move to San Francisco.
Everyone kindly fuck off please
Good day world! Got a lil rest..time to get back to work!
is excited to purchase CodeBaby but not too happy about the cost...
Thank you for the #FF! Same to you! Have a great weekend!!
Sick Photo!!!!
Packed 4 a road trip, altho w/ some trepidation I'll forge ahead w/ caution; leaving somewhat in the middle & return on the otherside
Don't let the people who used to make you happy make you miserabnle just because their stuck in the past when your growing up.
": I need to move this weekend." Lol i have a # you can call 1800RentAVan
Back up we gotta criminal
The May 21 issue?
very nice, you deserve it!! I poured me another Jack & Dew:) Tis the season!!
damn that is suspect lol
I have to say for what we gave up I'm kinda stoked to deal picks and get Rudy, hope the Rudy from a few years ago shows up at camp though.
You ever whisper "I like that" while checking out a song or video, then suddenly feel like you were adlibing a 90's R&B Track? lol
Yes, you can. Enjoy Casablanca on the big screen.
RT Catching lightening bugs in a jar at night #childhoodmemories ....... Im remember that
Who wants to make a record this summer. Hit me up
Facebook deleted my profile, and now all of my friends think I<U+FFFD>m dead
Good afternoon Everyone! How was your valentines day?
Thanks a million!!
yeah I think I'm going to go later this summer as well
all efforts now are for NOLA, Tampa, Zona, and a lesser extent Pitt. Since its season opener, we might have a scaled down trip
I was wondering because you're always saying about going out or you're here..
bye bye se you tomorrow......
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas. ~MC
Gotcha Gotcha Gotcha*
In the 1963 movie, "The Great Escape", Bud Ikins completed the momentous 65 ft. motorcycle jump for Steve McQueen.
good seeing you last night bro.. Keep up the hustle.
thank you..I think you can tell how i was feeling the day i wrote that ;)
that perkins pick was gnarly
I got your debt dumping cheese $$$ now and every hour until 5p on -
Right behind a woman in checkout who had two credit cards declined and then said "why don't I just write you a check?" Funny!
thanks for the
Thanks - this is a great quote! I like this one too..."Actions are visible, though motives are secret."
ok but i love what your say it looks like its coming from the heart
No matter where you go I will always be near... whispering in your ear... the secrets of my heart <3
I hate buns. HATE.
Obstacles to digitization of all library collections? Lack of funding, rights clearance, organizational obstacles, fear of asserting fairuse
Today's Soups: Chicken Noodle & Cheezy Broccoli
Great idea.
Do what you love. Fortune will follow.
They are single use. Breakeys has more play value in my book though, since you can memorize the patterns in BattleCards.
She will LOVE a Canyon Group chenille robe for Mother's Day! www.rosegardenboutique.com
No one will ever accuse Ralph Fiennes of underplaying.
Thanks so much for your RT
welcome to NONO! (north of north), CV's bastard step child.
For the past couple years my work ethic has been wildly inconsistent. Which is an improvement over nonexistant.
What happen to putting your fist up to fight?
Well the world didn't end today.
Tommy and high powers rocked!
My wings are broken now. I'm Ready to sleep! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Awww hehe...I am after a long day
Dude, like, are you gonna tweet anything?????
take her out!!
I'd love more retail on #HSt. It helps the community as well as the customers.
Also,despite my admiration is too presumptuous by saying his crew is responsible for new narrative about TJ
Hope everyone had a great Easter! Jesus is alive!
I know! Good thing she wasn't serious.
hey good joke though you haven't used it like 100 times
Despite dangers U.S. teens text and drive: poll
have a great day!! Many hugs, love you!!
still no winner? Getting ready for our 10...
#NP #JohnLegend once again/get lifted. #HeartfeltMusic this man makes complete albums
Thank you for another wonderful mention and follow. XOXO ~Krisondra
I got a tip. Get off the boat and let me fish
no problem
Thanks for the RT!
Your my everything.!!
Hyundai plans 3rd shift at Alabama factory to lift Sonata, Elantra output Hyundai, moving to boost supplies of the Sonata mid-sized sedan
Anoher day of fighting the good fight.
They should have set this Bastard on fire, so everyone could have heard his screams for help, and no one would come to his sick aid!.
I DONT have times for the qames smh so when you done and read to end it lemme know ' . If im still around
RT A purpose of human life, no matter who is controlling it, is to love whoever is around to be loved.
just went through the Kennedy Speaks exhibit at the Indiana Historical Society. Phenomenal.
forever and always going to be a Lakers fan
With at the Inman Real Estate Tech conference at SF Hilton, social media and analytics is getting big in this market
We'll be live tweeting from our profile for the 48 Hour Film Project Friday-Sunday! #follow us & enjoy indie filmmaking!
U SO GOOD AT DEM
Yes. It was amazing. 1st row. Will never forget it. I still see him in my mind all the time.
I mean why care about your Klout score if you don't have a social media job?
“If I could start one new museum for the future, it would be”: The most community-focused, financially sustainable museum ever.
Getting geared up for snowboarding tomorrow!
AFL-CIO's President Hails Occupy Wall Street --
Just trying to decide which of the voices in my head I want to listen to.
This Derby weekend was successful!
thanks tanner
Martin funny as hell
playing hard at work
we held our opening reception this past Sunday :)
RT : The memory of the Atlanta Child Murders remains fresh in the minds of those who administer the great cities of America.
About the PI thing? Are you kidding? Of course not.
Them bitchz on the show r gonna b hating,u were so fucking dope! Keep doing u we loving it!!
The #Facebook iPhone app is the worst thing I've ever had to deal with in my life.
On "How I Met Your Mother": Barney is.... wait for it.... ENGAGED!
Have a Bless and Peaceful day. Peace&Happiness.....
People who compare Wall Street investing to poker playing are wrong: poker is a game of luck & skill. Wall St. is just gambling.
i shaved my vagina today. do any of you want pics? - lauren
You can basically replace any of my recent updates with "OPEN BAR" and the effect will be the same
I use to think I could not bare you being with anyone else but since I've come to think silly of that whole mentality.
bro fill me in wtf is goin on wit ya boy ?
One more work day, then a relaxing weekend.
Sometimes I wonder y I even fuck with u!!!
Yes. "It's just a dissertation." and "Just finish a first draft. Any draft. In any condition."
Icecream, cookies, chocolate...one or all of these need to be in my mouth ASAP.
ive got you on my mind again:)
along with Ridnour fishing for gold in his teeth
ever have those days when nothing goes right ??
Great visit from our partners Aquaponics UK this last month - Sweet Water version 5.0 coming online soon
hey :) hehee nice name! thanks for following me..i now have 5 followers. Feel so cool! haha! hope your well! :)
Love the LOVE! RT : Following back. Shout out from
Thank you so much. Very sweet! :)
Seriously. Ridiculous. I try to tweet 1-3X/Day for my 'brary. I didn't tweet at all when I had finals.
My sister Jill is on here,she would probably love to hear from you Mayweather vs Cotto tonight.
Just heard clip from TIME's breastfeeding cover subject. Whatever. I cringe more at her itty-bitty, infantile girl-accent.
Got some questions that you have been dying to ask? Ask the EC of PSI, Inc. today! Submit your questions to .
I just finished a 2.05 mi run with a time of 18:27 with Nike+ GPS.
false. just men.
Wats poppin over there in the mighty bulldog land?
MAS Mission: Audio Society. Coming to WHBC soon!
as long as S.U. isn't the first 1 to lose to a 16. Ugh...
did the study say anything about bacteria spread when meat is first put in plastic bags before going in the reusable bag?
#TruthIs stranger than fiction. Just look at what is going on in DC.
What to eat for Dinner? Carls jr, McDonalds, Sonic? My wife is out of town so I shall dine alone tonight. if you wanna call it that....
well if I'm doing something with a friend then I'm totally fine lol.
Heading back to Keno's. Bout to be a sick night. Hmu!
This water damage got my phone all messed up!!! Damn <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
I know! Tried to email, but it said I was logged out (wasn't) and it would be saved to drafts (lie). Now on phone for last 10 mins
286-city call this number if you can't reach the parking meter (due to the snow) and it will prevent you from getting a ticket.
They have a cage for the tumble weed on the Tarmac at the Boise airport.
I see what you did there.
I typically aim to treat everyone in the industry with respect, but if someone is a sexist douchebag about wine, I'm going to snub you.
sure!! Thank you! Happy Holiday Weekend as well! :)
Jk It's windier than a tornado cyclone monsoon hurricane
cant stand how you guys spoof a product and then run ads for it during next break!
I do what I like. You don't have to like what I do
Why my daddy just claim he need some loud #fse lmfao
not me - sorry I thought you were in TN. I attended a southern military school from CA. Cross-cultural observations
Great event guys! I added organisers #echelon2012 #Tokyo to /mediatechnology list
I think you can get those waved if you contest them with DPT. It's pain though and kind of insulting.
Nothing is #IMPOSSIBLE The word itself says #IM POSSIBLE
I just saw socks and sandals guy. I swear, it was him. Wool shin high with Kee ns.
Me too. For example, the idea: "I would only trust a Christian to __" is the sort of idea I oppose.
can you follow me back? :)
pedaling that way now myself.
Congrats on the new deal! Excited to have you in KC for years to come.
just signed up for your news letter. Looking forward to reading your books
Well that was crap...
.. my 5 year old niece wants to sleep in the cage with my dog lol
Using the website is like walking across a field laced with .DOCX landmines.
is going to Myrtle next week!
Enjoy your work on Speed. Keep up the good work
KP PR EVENTS & MARKETING would like to welcome James Weber studios to the site. James Weber is one of north America's top photographers.
PA going wild right now in the #llws this is pure baseball
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
If a nigga / bitch can't appreciate you, then fuck emm .
I love the fact that Charlie sheen trended like 10 times longer then anything for japan did. Way to go twitter peeps!
I love art
I can conquer the world with one hand, only if your holding the other
A6) Our ability to focus becomes a sustained state of being when we work with our passion
Thunderstorm kinda scared of the loudness, but the things that are going through my mind scare me more!!!
The beauty of a woman must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides ~ Audrey Hepburn
hm... I'll have to go look at the menu. :)
clearly an article bought and paid for by politics as usual. This is very much as usual!
Spa ME wishing all a very Happy Memorial Day.
Letang's back Saturday!!!!
Emphasize your focus on creating a diverse, high performing team for now & the future.
Happy Easter Justin! Have a good time with your family,you deserve it, but I can't wait for #BELIEVE and #BoyfriendVideo :)
At #mamabear with Who else is here?
In 4 rounds, Denver has selected the lowest graded DT (of 10) the lowest graded RB (of 7), and the 5th ranked QB (of 7).
May Day protesters 'reclaim' foreclosed home in NE Portland and move previous owner back in. I'll have the latest from the scene at 5 & 6.
Thanks! Follow us for updates about the theatrical release
Now following the Homie met him wit the other night gud dude. Fux wit me fam.
I've decided on Eternal Sonata.
Hiya pal! The party is just getting started!
Marinara or Bolognese sauce
For good health, this weekend do one small anonymous kindness to let someone know they count. Then be dazzled by gratitude.
what can I say? you had a skillfully-written breakdown. We need reviews interviews and someone who can out grind news content
Twitter for good - Explore. Search - what's being said abt you/your orgn? Reach out to find what you need. Connect w/influencers.
temple run
I bet man, but just stay safe and givem hell!
One more hour then i can go home and write, woo hoo
he's a man of many shirts.
love to see you stomp Green Bay...forget about the last game and what everyone says!!u will win the superbowl this year!!
Happy Cinco De Mayo
I wonder who misses me right now
it certainly does
CORNER PUB
Pretty great, huh!
Mother's day lunch with mom and grandma :)
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away
just found out about Pandora.com. very cool. made my own JT station in prep for next week's concert
its a hell of a drug... lol. Nahh, but if you need another person, I can do it!
Do you know what I hear? All the sassy literary types and HIBF coordinators will be tomorrow from 5pm to drink seductively.
this is the last week of the semester. I can see the light at the end of the tunnel!
Be back in a few. Need to fix a different IT issue. Happy Tuesday everybody!
where the hell are you?
How are all my #HIT friends today?
I'm doin'. Just got out of work a lil while ago, trying to figure out the dinner sitch. You?
sO U GOT ON SOME HOT AZZ CLOTHES..LMAO
Monday morning and back to the grind... What kind of music can make the day go faster?
Yup another night with our friend mr. Benefits
I should have spent my free period studying for my midterm, but instead I played Pokemon and listened to music.
I. Hate. Corey Perry.
Watching the #NCAA Championship <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
I sure did :D so much!!! Tired now but it was worth it :P
Thanks Paula! Did you get tickets to see Avengers? Glad we bought 'em the day before as the time slot we wanted was sold out.
My feelings for you are like the paint on my nails. . . Faded
not in Kentucky. Still hopeful,
i love u ur my favorite from iamme :) !!!! please folliow
Hoe up????? GOTTA BE A FOOL
yes, I have been following for a while. I may have originally found them through you!
Join CARL LEE HAILEY from A TIME TO KILL and Advocate for the Release of 10% of the Millions of Humans Lock-Up in the USA --
Good morning all
Part of me says let it go
I'm kidding obviously. It wasn't cute, it was lame
listening to the demos of the new album and getting excited about polishing it up.
Score, got last milk at safeway...
nice list
you well come :)
idk you tell.
I remember wearing the same Docs through most of my twenties. Now I'm trying to get Liberty-print ones-good to know!
this weather is just asking for some of our soft serve ice cream with the magical shell. that's right - magic shell.
Hangin' at Seabug with and all the other awesome #b3d users of Seattle!
Woke up this morning wishing #BrunoMars would jump in front of a train for me.
The #PittsburghMarathon is is only 11 days!!! RT if you are participating!!! #Pittsburgh #Running #Race Life is Good
I like it when squeaks like a mouse in public....
Alera? In46fa20b Interval Series Swivel Task Stool, Blue Fabric ...
it was BAS :) but she had a lot of other ones on there too so she probably just got so many hate comments and stopped
If you aren't elected for the GOP nomination are you going to donate your campaign $ to a charity for single moms?
#MobileGov the chatzy chat room is asking me for a room password.... I want to participate!
Only 13 days left of Red November!
just to brighten up your day at school....
Congrats to @
my wife and I really enjoyed that one!
I want some packer tickets
um, we need to know more about #winestorming! Also, do you still have time on Friday to meet?
. . . to rag on Lin if he does play and plays poorly.
That's right man.. ah the good ol' days man. I love it.
Today's weather forecast: A Perfect Tucson Day! Come enjoy lunch or dinner on our gorgeous patio!
no. Not all of them
Happy Birthday!
Yep, you're definitely a nerd :-p
LOVE Oasis!
I plan to run for Congo Women this year, all 3.1 miles. How about you? It's really exhilarating!
Robert Kiyosaki Explains the Power of the Perfect Business
Yay - we were 's 200th follower!
So it's beach house featuring beach house?
You are SO welcome! #THANK YOU for all that you and do for #prostate #cancer #awareness!!
Haha...I'm mixed with general European mutt-ness and oddities.
Why does the jersey shore kids cook at 3am? There's no del tacos in Miami??
nice new profie picture!! (:
would you like to go to the drake concert with dont be a hataaaaa
i can't send you a message with my informtion, Twitter doesn't allow it unless you follow me...i guess i'm getting a new follower
I've got the ventures pandora station on. It's fabulous
Thanks Ray Lewis for the short update... We have a bridge you can jump off, that would be some good excitement.
Listening to at MD Tech Expo with - MD is trying to be more entrepreneurial!
thanks for the tips! I just ran my first half on Sunday
RT : Are you running the Chuy's Hot to Trot 5K this Saturday in South Austin? Thinking about it? I have 2 comp regs - email me...
Thanks! Had no idea you could change the temp.
#RelationshipsNowdays can mean something if U make them
I'd love to, depending on when you want to start. Could we wait until January? (Says the guy next to a pile of new books.)
wait are you indirectly calling alex gonzalez a woman for going on maternity leave? or is he going on paternity leave?
Obama ... SCORE! Rubbed McCain face in the fact he doesn't even know who our friends are.
Park scratched and Tangradi in for #Pens. 7 D and 11 F again.
That extremely annoying moment, when you're behind a slow walker & there's no way around them.
I did, she just loves me. <33
Women like a lot of talking and foreplay before sex, while men like to skip foreplay and go straight to sex
I think it's time to change my picture, send your favorite A-Rod picture. (I know they're all awesome, but we must choose)
wow! Congratulations! I'm doing it with 18 friends i guess i can get some help from them. How did u prepare for it?
Welcome to Buffalo! RT Just landed in Buffalo.... Feels good this is a great atmosphere.
well that was a great nap first period <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
WEDU Back to School Party at Tenjune on Wed, Oct 13. $20 suggested donation. open bar + great crowd + awesome cause = great night!
Wishing you a great weekend too!!
#EsperanzaSpalding actually made me a little teary-eyed. Just think: there was a sad chance that Bieber could've been asked to sing that.
If u ever leave me baby. Leave some morphine at door.
havent ben on this in a while like!
Amazing moment last night when our big kitchen guys walked into the trashy gay bar. Happy birthday to me.
Typing "lol" at something not even intended to be funny
thanks for coming across the field to sign my daughter's hat. It made her day!
Sigh, how I believe this so. RT If your new job removes your personality from your twitter feed, it's the wrong job.
Well, from what I remember, they de-emphasize self-reliance and self-congratulation. Self-trust even.
Now I have a great answer as to why I have triangles inside my lip. "Because I love Enter Shikari." <U+270C>
Wild Cherry
The other guy was a lawyer, perhaps gay, who gave away 1/2 2charity 2 "make himself look good" &4 tax deductions; planned the whole thing
going to bed before midnight!
4-2 #Yankees going to the bottom of the 5th.
The lion on narnia is god....say what??
Yikes! Went from really sleepy, too way too wired
Can't wait to get started! RT SHOW 2: Three Sisters - a new adaptation by Director
I just met a former clown. He was cool.
If you hurt one of my close friends, you hurt me.
will you pls do a presentaion for newsroom after #kipcamp? Sounds good.
Our Stone Shower Cleaner is due out by the end of the month.
« needs to tweet more.»
Ugh. So sorry about that! We'll let the hotel know for future guests...
$2 blue moon all day long. $2 coors light bottles 10-12
Who is showing up to the Masters today to take the lead going into the weekend?
Peppermint in SWAT! Let me find out your 411!! AUC kinfolk? I'm CAU '97
cool. We'll text ya in a bit
It’s a known fact that 68 percent of Americans are overweight and half of that group is morbidly obese.
you're automatically way cooler than us
that one was blocked heavily.I think you will be okay.do you think that because yours is with a cotton vs wool that it curls?
Hopefully the African American History Museum will pick this up.
it's all this soccer talk!!
Don't you feel like movie ads could spice it up a bit for the #SuperBowl & add something special? Bore me a little.
Another big improvement this season is the costumers have figured out how to dress different body types that make everyone look fab
while you're there can you get me like $100 bucks out? :)
#20ThingsAboutMe 6. I eat all the time :')
Wasn't prepared to deal with car issues today. Finally got the car to dealer. Waiting on a ride to work.
Got my first exclusive with VP Miyuki Katagiri! So excited!!!
really enjoyed playing tonight~hate the power went out b4 SOMEBODIES DARLING performed. i will catch u all again promise
Take it down!
hiking trails in Kentucky in 2012 =
goodnight cuties :*
yeaahhh that was pretty amazingly cute. just finished it. i want that house!
Jason Aldean is legit
Jenifer Lewis: Nina Simone Was Raw And Unafraid via
Had a Great time performing tonight at the chill bar
Category 23-b winner is WGBO
“: Source: Lucroy five-year extension with #Brewers will be for more than $11 million. #MLB” a steal!
Make sure you wish all those Moms out there a Happy Mothers Day! They deserve it!
is it beer 30?
High on chocolate right now
Very sorry to hear, Richard.
Thanks Lovely <U+2764>(:
so far we've covered jodeci usher dirty dancing rumpshaker jump around so yeah we need some Pony too!
Helo's are back
Wed. Feb. 29th "Raibon Radio" Live Remote Broadcast from the JSpot Comedy Club 5581 W. Manchester in LA 9pm Free before 8pm, $5 afterwards!
took her to a shelter?
But you are smart in my opinion, as well as those (and some) who ramble on about politics from time to time. :)
Junior Seau death, beyond tragic. We treat retired thoroughbreds better than we do retired athletes. We have to do better
Georgia was incredible had great roommates!!! and Bennet Semple
#Landscaping is essential for the local environment
excuse me?! Humph I am now pouting and might go blonde just because of that comment!
RT : Hey I don't think even #jimmycarter would have attacked a #gay kid and cut his hair!
LOL AT 's new video! I love it!<3 :)
God Bless America was pretty decent even though it could have benefited from some editing. Think Idiocracy + Falling Down.
morning r u packed and ready? I'm stuck @ the airport smh...now I wanna tweet lmao
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to all the lovely mothers out there <3
Whoa ho! Got an order from Amazon today for books for a title they have not ordered from me in over 5 years! Awesome!
we'll put you up front! Co-lead singer with sex appeal :)
yes you will! You deserve it. You've earned it! wish you were staying longer in Vegas!
hey... Uhm imma be on fb in a min
Revising a story when cable Internet is down and a tiny cell phone is the only access to knowledge--technology fail or triumph?
Anxious to see #NASCAR #Daytona500 TV ratings. Besides a few NHL games, no sports on TV... If it begins soon, lots will watch final 40 laps.
Know what? Anything can happen today. Do what you can to make things go the way you want them to. ;)
New boyfriend again ms. Tisdale? Well is it just me or can anybody else feel the sparks between Ashley & her new boyfriend Martin Johnson?
I get such delight watching all the Brits and European drunks complaining about their Sunday morning hangovers
yes I know ' don't have time for nothing now that I had the baby
Oh, there's a reason- ask Charles! Loved Tori Amos; need to send Chas cookies. What a sweetheart.
Had an epiphany that I don't eat anything with cholesterol in it. That's weird, right?
Where at? RT : who trying to go golfing sunday afternoon?
Morning tweeps, Thankful and blessed to see another day. Thank you Lord.
In one hour, we're launching our next promotion - stay tuned..
Who thinks I'm kinda like The Silver Surfer?
Focus, Money and Strategy: the 3 main efforts of the CCTB for bringing people to
Peace in the middle east
you never retweet me! :(
Some kids need to
WOW I cant believe that!! I love Millennium!! #Millennium13Years!!
Taking podcast or audiobook recommendations for morning drive...something to get the day started right! Tuning out radio for a bit.
Truthful fact that is true.
I feel so guilty right now..
The game's afoot! New webseries written, and directed by me coming soon... :)
Oh shit! I'm up $150. Eating a 30 dollar buffet right now. YOLO!
ZOMG! How's the cupcake selection around 5:00?!
If insurers obligated to cover birth control, shouldn't they just cover the cheapest form? Say, a year's supply of condoms?
Sometimes, words that are the most important, are the ones left unsaid.
On the upside, my cell phone waited until after I called my mom to die.
“: When boys do that cute little half-smile, and it's just asdfghjkl; adorable.” he does that all the time<33
Long for OldSchool Prices? Us too! So weThrowback startin with $75 #weave ! We do it all #HairColor #Braids #FlatIrons #oakland 510 8321100!
Remember-TODAY IS THE TOMORROW YOU WORRIED ABOUT YESTERDAY- InSpotter app
Even sillier? Totally don't understand that angle.
Hey is that the right link? I'm landing on a Google/Oracle story
Joe Tusa is starting to choke up. "Suck it up, Joe," says one audience member to big laffs.
Can't sleep for some reason. Kind of thinking but I'm exhausted
#BoiseSOC Bieter: And I thank you for having the faith in me to make me your Mayor.
first #MOTM was legendary
Hot beats my nig
I NEED A BF
they're crazy and I adore them. Off to kindergarten in the fall. I have EARNED full day kindergarten. :)
Dollar deals!!
But Sydney is beautiful. D:
come on down! I haven't even eaten yet :)
"There are two kinds of music. Good music, and the other kind."~Duke Ellington
Gaga and Cher are my most played artists...when Greatest gets released, that song is going to rape my iPod.
that's great, I'm the same way. It's progressive metal. Somewhere between #A7X, Killswitch, etc...what r u into?
Love #ESL, friendly, actually care abt the customer, I like credit union, free cking & they pay dividend
I can honestly say I do NOT want to take spring pictures tomorrow. Too lazy to get cute.
Nothing is forever, but we'll be alright <3
This video to long for twitter
Ultimate insult: plucking a man's handlebar mustache.
An MBA program will launch you into the much higher pay range that upper level managers and executives enjoy.
computer won't charge..and it's almost dead :/
I be lounging on a couch just chillin in my snuggie.
I did not know taio cruz is british!!!!!
Your right Skip I live in Ft.Lauderdale and like Chris more than U ! Saying that Chris your wrong about All that was said!
We can physically bow down before God but stand up in pride in our heart....wow
you going to watch sonicgate tonight
RT : RT if you've watched the new Dark Knight Rises trailer more than once...
IVY: French worries her own discourse is becoming too positive.
Nyet, I like Doesnt deserve that.
You're making it worse.. please just stfu now..
I love Tyler the creator
Did my Grandma really just tell me she expects me to be married in three years??
thank u sweetie!!
Just let me know when! He misses auntie Dawn!
OMG: I am sorry for the power of the tweet!
Looks like lots of great local Indiana band programs made tomorrow's semifinals at #GrandNationals - congratulations and best of luck!
Thanks for the follow Dan!
Good night *lowering my voice* Jodie. Dream of me, baby. *pulling the duvet up over you*
man..i need glasses.. :p i swear im going blind.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 79
If that's not a bully, I don't know what is... This is sad.. smh
Playing sex(;
I love men with a taste for the classics.
Lmao my phone is so messed up.
It's called "a contraction" if I'm not mistaken.
I'm definitely interested, but has been under the weather the past couple days so I think we're going to play it by ear.
The first few cuts are all pretty deep, after that they usually get deeper to make sure the point comes across
Disneyland Tip: Looking for decent coffee? Haagen Dazs serves I drank a lot of bad coffee until I figured that out.
Every rose has a thorn
Ate at applebees last night for the first time in almost 6 years. Here's looking forward to 6 (or more) years before doing that again.
"besides sex I like typography also"
I like those hardwood floors.
Maybe I can make u a gr8 meal one day!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
how did that backfire on you?
New ideas percolating in [Instructional Ideas and Technology Tools for Online Success]
same here! I mean I'll get like 5,000 chances a year to meet Cody and Alli
Bike the Bay - just a couple weeks away. Your chance to ride across the Big Bridge - then thru Nado, IB, Chula Vista, National City & back.
Yes I would, hit me up. 267-592-0967
Just waiting for edits to a story and then we'll see how it goes.
shout out to the naia.
Traffic alert: Landslide closed wb lane of w Burnside St. Lane expected to reopen on Sunday
who knew it would take a show called #FatCamp to convert my boyfriend to a theatre lover?
Roderick Scott let go!
“: he's being sarcastic ...” oh thank you christa
Melvin Ingram athleticism as a pass rusher will make a great fit at OLB in 3-4 edge. #Chargers should be very happy he dropped
Sometimes its easier to communicate your problems to strangers on twitter than publish them on fb where your friends may or may not care.
critical studies...basically english
The More You Do For Her Is The More She Wants More.
I'd pay double to untaste that meal. Thanks
Lets make this a productive day! First thing on the list, is Homework!
glad to connect!
I'm making a promise to you: I will have deleted my Tumblr by the time I'm 90 and my MySpace by the time I'm 50
DON'T FORGET! Vote for today and tomorrow!!
We want to employ another structural engineer. Please contact us if you or anyone you know may be interested
Eyes and sinuses hurt. Very unusual.
i would love to come an get down. : )
- Rumor has it your coming to drink some #Mercy tonight at Bounce with Cole and listen to sounds by
More #goodnews! A #NextStepProgram participant just called to say she got a job today!!!
People are persuaded by reason, but moved by emotion; the leader must both persuade them & move them - Richard M. Nixon via
*WALKS AWAY*
hi Julie! Just face value which is 215.
Passion creates possibilities. Create an opportunity for your passion in the next thing you do.
aww, :( *pouts* that makes me sad.
but chicken kitchen
People say that to me all the time. What exactly makes a team 'relevant'?
Dark Shadows... does not look like something I want to see. And that makes me mad! I want to want to see it. Love Johnny Depp
thanks for the retweet!! how is LA treating you? :)
The worst feeling in the world is knowing that you'll never gave a chance with the person you love the most. *Le sigh* <|3.
Much like me....
lmao is missing out! Miss ya :(
one final down only two more to go!
HI =) HOW ARE YAH?
Thanks for raising $ for JDRF! Rachel was diagnosed at 12 & has been making jewelrysince. We do fundraisers 4 sororities ;)
I can't wait until I'm bleach blonde and dye my hair black again.
How about this one It keeps your neck warm in the winter, or your engine quiet all year.
Just made my donation to Bethesda i hope it helps! And Happy Mothers Day to you Pattie!
BOSTON ROCK'S LIVE'' started: Wed, 15:01 PST
you're rad!
Wondering what the score is
Preseason games don't count
Hope to get more work done on our kitchen this weekend. would be nice to chop on an even, secure counter. And not have leaky pipes. ugh.
Lmao! you wifing everything you come across!
instinctive moment 4 cops = Mallous Green, beaten 2 death w/ flashlight by Detroit police officers, Oscar Grant, +
So what if I don't have the pull I'm used to? I'm still here. Every day is a new opportunity to do something right.
You're welcome! It was good to see you at #Lightfair!
I want a drink :)
Having a three way gchat with good friends. Life is good.
Thanks! I'm pretty excited (esp. since it's my program that got funded. Yay!)
Happy St. Urho's Day!
Wanna know how you know life's not fair? Tom & Giselle.
My name is Alison and I have a rhinestone addiction
lol if I could I would
I will support you with everything you ever do baby doll: )
I didn't see you when I went up there. Dude told me yesterday when I went there I had to come during staffed hours.
hahahaha alright i'll follow the smart person
I'm in love with your icon! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> haha
yes do tell !
the nigga stole my swagg but i don't want it back.
No Tea No Shade... hay
sounds thrilling!!! :)
Maybe I'll see you all running ahead of me Saturday at the C
what up
"the most precious thing about marriage is that it gives you a witness. Somebody to keep you in check when you're veering into madness"
ITS MOB NAHH JUST PLAYING NT IFF YOU HAVE AN GOOD HART THEN ITS MON MONEY ONER NIGGAS
Today seems like a good day to make some new scarves!
SEO Company From India, Profit By Search Announces Its Summer Internship Program
thanks for the tips and advice. Time to shatter my 2012 goals!
I'm not sure, but I think I'm in an altered state of consciousness.
Her Statue Falls!! That's the band I was trying to remember. [couple tweets back] #lmfao Didn't even need to search it up. Ima listen to it!
Who has cool plans for the weekend? inspire me :)
am i the only one who says "miles an hour" instead of "miles per hour"
If it were so modified to refer to our government and not that of Great Britain, I'd sign it Hancock style.
Congrats . Well deserved
I find it amusing that DBacks fans blasted me when I said that career .220 hitter Ryan Roberts would not match last year's production.
hey apple head lol
And now for some unnecissary monkey business...
GIRL THIS SHIT IS HYSTERICAL LOLOLOL
Not shameless to dictate: yet power is gained through shamelessness. Power defined by cynicism through which it is attained.
please follow me?? It would make my life! (seeing you in Vegas June 9th!<3)
Anne summarizes: sensory question addressed with physical data -- no answer, but good new q's highlighted with GIS
This is the worst possible scenario
are you ready for some football?
No weapon shall prosper against me fuck boi ... dro !!! What up mane
My little 8month old sister smiles like crazy when she listens to JBs music cute rite <$
you're welcome!
If there are things you do not agree with, God will make them clear to you - Philippians 3:15
new Ustream next Tuesday. More new songs to reveal.
Question Dubious Decisions~If something doesn’t pass the smell test, have the courage 2 say so;even if UR not the top dog: (via)
has anyone used mephisto, expression engine or magnolia cms... recommendations?
that was seriously the greatest thing she has ever said. Omg <3
hit me up anytime on here or fb
In other news, OMG, is this a Twitter war?! Color me psyched.
Today's beard...Lew Wallace. Check it out bearded (and non-bearded) friends. Greatbeardsofhistory.com
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes. ~ Jim Carrey
whats good wit it?
your about to feel the white hot cream of an eighth grade boy
you have a point, but he's had a hand in killing THREE people! he's a serial killer whale!!!!
Do you have any names, aside from TNS and 15/30?
al i want to do is be with you<3
Get on your scooter and ride over to Times Square AMC to watch It's here for another week!
60 pieces of aluminum "hardware" (cans) on the line!
Dr. Bertice Berry is fantastic!!
give me proof
I'm done with Ron Artest ...
I don't think I can ever stop procrastinating, it's a really bad habit
There is something about your headshot that I just love...scruffy yet mesmerizing lol...
drink one for me girl
some are like that, but not all of them at my school. bahah!
200 would make for a very interesting chase
I'm getting used to this lack of music class ...
cool :-) my daughter was born in the Burque like you :)
San Francisco photographer commercial Napa wedding siliconvalley Silicon Valley bay area
they have i am not sure where thou...working on a pre party with them at hinterland possibly march 1.
Can't get right smh .... still in Zombie mood from last nite !!!!!
awe the cute baby
...and to the interest for which we pay, compoundable with crazy interest rates, higher taxes and lower pay until the day we die.
Great meeting. Proud of fundraising efforts, communities, families & artists of all genres who help support keeping arts in these schools.
Here comes tall ass mother effer... This little piggy is white.. Why ammo your friend I'm done
Ha...agree. Thank God I have the mini people on my side. I'll bring snacks!!!!!!!
yea it's pretty dope
Omfg!! its freaking Brian Puspos Freaking amazing. super big fan. Especially my friend Patrick loves your moves. Brian FTW!!!
Well yeah, you're finally moving forward with your life
buy me a wrap
What the hell how come suppert and but not he pal thats not right Selena you just smile :(
I know your hearts been broken, but don't you give up. I'll be there yeah I know it to fix you with love~
ugh.. talk to me!! im bored
I'm good text me tho
How do you correct someone who makes a stupid statement about a classic trio of rappers, without sounding like a pretentious d bag?
God said u dont belong in heaven, Gary Coleman said "what you talking bout!?" Take care Gary Coleman
first Girl Guide troop was in Scotland...I had no idea!
and I was growling at mr tv screen ready to pounce
we do commercial and residential flooring
We're excited to have & here this week for #FoodTruckFriday - 8415 Allison Point Blvd. Come see us from 11-2!
- very good article. makes me understand more this confusing process i'm in - thanks!
Warming up for Mad Men w/ "Redemption" high-rye bourbon blend. Maybe Sterling Cooper should pitch the account.
#goodidea RT : Never again will i trust anyone with my heart.
I'm GOING TO MURDER YOU!!! T_T
So just maybe I finally got my window done right! No more black mark! Fourth time must be the charm!
it's the montieth one on one promo you guys are running for this weekend. Includes sound.
#TwitterAfterDark? Psssssh. I'm sexual around the clock.
New Avi . . For Now
#onlyratchetgirls - take pics of them half naked with they kids in the bath behind them
damn it so close!!!
it's amazing how fast you get hooked too! Lol
'Beware of what you want because you might get it' -Mark Whitaker, #CNN Worldwide managing editor, on his father's influences upon him
it is starting to shine- maybe? today?
5% off all sales over $100.00. Call (323) 731-2561 to place your orders and use the promo code 0035
I long to alleviate the evil, but I cannot, And I too suffer
Stay still by blessthefall is very soothing to me right now...
Awww...such a great place, right? Word on the street is that you might be heading this way....if so, I want to see you. :-)
Happy Walter Becker Day Eve to all! (b. 2/20/50)
Padma is drunk on the aftershow
you just wanted to say titicaca, didn't you?
The Westboro Baptist Church is coming to campus this afternoon, to protest outside the Hillel center! Can't believe it. Too bad I must miss.
Not really looking forward to tonight
It's Bloom's Day! Great piece on NPR this AM on James Joyce and the cut-and-paste sensibility of Twitter & what he might think of it.
yeah i know this weather aint no joke ma... which mall you came from?
My ipod I won is FINALLY in!
RT if you got a free #mix1 at Today! Best workout ever!
ok so my account got suspended and lost all my followers... FUCK U TWITTER!! Oh well
Today, like any other day, is a chance for you to start over.
Mike Stud Homie !
#Kony2012 caught your eye? Follow my friends , they are on the ground changing the lives of 100's of orphans left by Kony
Moving is definitely one of the worst things in the world.
playing with it
Yankees fans, SUCK OUR DICKS!!!! #Orioles BITCH!!!!!
that's wussup! Fyi I'm not n any of those departments tho. I'm the street team promo!
#FF , and their new Crime Fiction imprint
Thanks for following!!!!!
Will You Ever Come To SAN DIEGO California #AskAlexConstancio P.S I Love You=].......=]
Doubtful i wouldnt hateu ur prob nothin compared to what i put up wth. No. Reall i dont remember. and i sound like one
It's cuz I'm right there with ya =]
thats WHY i walk faster
It's Foursquare Day, so we're dishing out 25 karma points to members who check-in & leave a 4sq tip! Pts added w/in 24 hrs.
BatteryPower.co is offering 20% off ALL Replacement Laptop Batteries!! Today only till 10PM Eastern!! Pass it along!!!
Dear bicyclists who almost ran me over on Wayne Street: A bike lane on a one-way street is a ONE-WAY BIKE LANE.
didn't catch it, but you'll get a recording of the webinar after the presentation
RETWEET if you're up for No Reason.
If only the Africans got along well enough to actually BE a country.
I can't believe how much I've already gotten done today. And it's only 9:30 :'] Extremely stressful day turned into not so stressful day.
Just awoke from the most satisfying and ill-timed nap.
NSAC: The suspension will end at the end of December (from March application date). Then Overeem could reapply for a license.
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." ~Aristotle
Got my hospital bill. Went into near shock when I saw the total....then sighed when it showed I pay "0" and insurance got the rest. Good day
most definitely. and i like you site!
Feeling good!
(cont.) ... "San Diego Can Do Better, No on Measure B." AFSCME Local 127 is the city's blue-collar union.
Something AMAZING is brewing.....Can't wait to share....:-)
Staff photos done. Next phase: world domination.
Pray as I step into God's real purpose for me & step away from things (business wise) I have been using to avoid this purpose.
Out of work at 10:30 last night and back at 10 today
S/o for showin luv at
those, too! RT how about giving drops to gifts u purchased for others that seemed a lot cooler then they really were?
For those keeping count. We've 17 batters up and 17 batters down in this Carroll-Reagan game. Game is cruising by.
dont back out
I may have said faster than ie7, but that's not saying much.
Best of luck, but even if you miss the playoffs, you can still play fantasy on FSV...www.fantasysportsveagas.com
Watching #formulaD on #Versus. Why is it not on #Velocity?
"Hire attitudes, develop the skills" - Howard Putnam
Tough seeing the Sun Belt in the play-in game. The league has changed a ton since we played.
": HAPPY BIRTHDAY :) can't wait to celebrate al night!" Come to blevel tonite
I didn't realize my headphones were *that* leaky. Sorry.
IF YOU LOVE ONE DIRECTION FOLLOW NOW
Stan, Albert, babe Ruth ?
you are a doll. thanks, glad you like.
Standstill traffic on 64W outside of Norfolk. Rental car is due back at 6.
Panelists:US Army, Uber--twice, Stbucks, Coke, Pepsi, Uniglow, KLM, Disney, Muppets, Glee, Obama, great social media.
If your hypothesis on the origin of his attitude is correct, who can blame him? Which guy?
STOP FOLLOWING ME ON TWITTER PORN BOTS! DAMN YOU ALL TO HELL! }:O
I don't think it works all the time, but I think trig is learned pretty early, relative to complex math
All right. Game is over. Let's just flip the page to the Reds, OK?
Word champ...
You know the answer to both questions is
no I'm sad! You need to come down here!
I would recommend it to demonstrate knowledge and proficiency in the latest Google AdWords tools and best practices.
What is the difference between these airsoft guns? pellets
Gosh darn it!!
I guess the easy answer would be...until their demands are met! :-)
shoot that just freak me out
great work.
Do your company's websites attract home owners? Paradox M's home warranty and home security lead campaigns can accept host and post leads …
Thanks brother, we appreciate that.
Today is World AIDS Day. 56 years ago in Montgomery, Alabama bus boycott, Rosa Parks (1913-2005) refused to give up her seat to a white man.
I'd still kill people. Thats the point, I wanna know what it was like to be HIM. In his mind and everything
Awesome! I am on vaca but will be back Sun & will email you! Looking forward! Love your work!
When Austin and Alex were doing Cool Morning 2 and he ripped his skittles and they went everywhere!!(:
Enter the Wife. When Mrs. Opal Dunn Graves (above) at 1:30 A.M. entered the Greenwich Village studio of her husband, Arthur, noted archi ...
I like you :) (lol I just saw your tweet about who likes u)
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME.. I FOLLOWED BACK.. PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD.. I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS
Im free at last :P yay
i like how he is with u now, all cute n stuff n funny, not quiet n shy n moody :P and i meant as a bro! nothing more! lol
Is it bad to have multiple references from the same job? Are non-library references useful if they are from the most recent job?
Going great!! and yeeeeaaahhh I'm at home lol gonna be coming back to chill with yal soon tho!
Never let society change you
girl I danced a jig!! Lol!
I can do without 3D movies. 2D is more than ok with me.
275-envious - what about you ?
you go above and beyond EVERYDAY to make your fans happy.THANK YOU SO MUCH,we'll always be here for you. <3
Thanks to everyone that stopped in for our Halloween Party...It was great!
stay up.
Men are like bank accounts. Without a lot of money they don't generate a lot of interest.
I wish I bought two mini Jalapeno Chorizo Scones from Christopher Garren's Let Them Eat Cake instead of just one...:(
whenever just let me know
AMEN! How come you never post pictures of your gifts? We are nosey...correction, I am nosey and I wanna see! lol
4 hrs creating the exam which will take 1 hr +/- to complete. I will spend 15-20 hrs grading... In return for my work pls students, study.
Im in ft lauderdale!! Whats poppin out here this week??
Working on some custom coding for a client's Facebook tab
Laugh track.
gonna b a good night
AP: Wis. GOP Senate candidate Eric Hovde buys another bank that got TARP money, plans to return the $9.1 mill. to government.
Congrats!! I would really love a singing Cass ep... :)
just like you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Last weekend, our former Chairman, Travis Drost, spent the weekend at the annual convention in Albany, representing
PaulyDProject previews make me gain a new respect for this dude forget swagg look up Go Getta in the dictionary and see
Everybody got aids and shit
You guys look the same except for the color!!! Love the suits!! Did you guys have fun at Prom?
Turkey and Friends is coming back just in time for Thanksgiving! Stay tuned for another great benefit show at the Yost Theater in November!
Indeed it would be :)
HOW COULD YOU GIVE 12 MILLION DOLLARS TO HIDEKI IRABU?!!!!
Just learned about some baseball-themed cruises coming up in December and January. Stay tuned for more info.
Thanks for RTs as always, Mark!
how is Laguardia Arts?(: Hope all is well with you! stay beautiful! still can't wait till your summer line comes out(x
no fair!
It took 2 and a half hours for me to take my algebra 2 EOC! I had better of done good!
We squeaked it out but nice win fins
and by far two of the most funny people I've ever talked to
Thanks for the location tips, ! figured it out!
i would luv to cuddle with u
“: Fucking space bro #rage” wish I was there sunrise on the terrace do it big !
Trying to be blissaplined
Lol u Call him:)
working at the Elkhart Center
Headin to to get funked up with and Ram-a-lama-jam-jam!
thank you so much!
Victor. whats up. still moss you on the MLB Network. hope all is well
I got five on it
I like em all too...I just cant mix all my artists together. Some of them have to be separate from the rest
I love a good "Court Jester" reference in the morning!
I LOVE OUR BACKGROUND
Wow this game is some bullshit
HIT ME UP
Your updates make me miss Rochester!! Thanks for doing what you do!
thanks Elena!! I miss you too!!!
IM SO PROUD OF ME 4 RESISTING THE TEMPTATION
My step-son loves that movie. He's a pretty good guitarist himself. :)
Bottom line, if you think you might have staph, get it seen to quickly.
BFFS fight but then after that they forgive ...so will u forgive me
good pm to you to the most gorgeous beautiful person that I know... u have the best humour that I love ... :-)
So are we! RT : Looking forward to the Victory Celebration tonight!
Aw snap aw snap Come to macaroni party and then we'll Take a nap
i reaaalllyyy want you to come to WISCONSIN again. meeting you was the best day in the world #codyjakeustream #goldcoastfinest love you alli
#SomeoneIWantToMeet One Direction!!!!!
thanks for stopping by. we keep all our places, and open for late-night dining.
my phone is naked!
And shut the fuck up! I am so sick of both parties and their rhetoric. Do your jobs, balance the budget, fix the roads, help the poor
aww shucks. Thanks
Off to do my morning walk. I hope that I can figure out how to work some exercise into my tour sched. It makes me feel better.
Today I miss my mother. But I still get to be one. And she is still very present in me and mine.
oh good! We hoped that you would get it today!
"I don't want to smell your finger" #roundfive #dirtyjäger cc
#waystosayyourbreathstinks ...dramatically passing out on the floor and twitching for about an hour or so should do it.
I got a shipment in, and I had ordered 2 items, only 1 arrived. Packing slip said 2
Robert says "man who stands in front of metro map like statue has the brains of one". MOVE dude!
people that aren't even pacer fans around my neighborhood said it was a crooked game congrats
Dollar and a dream That's all It Takes To make Her Cream
I cant fuck wit a young nigga they always expext a bitch to do everything , square ass
It's colder here in SF than it was yesterday in Vancouver. Maybe we should host the Winter Olympics.
NOTE TO SELF: Apparently being covered in sand and smelling like booze is a red flag to airport security.
Thanks Jannett. Sorry about the stink-eye.
#2ThingsIAppreciate my bike and my truck
Also, schools can continue to sign up for the Let’s Move! flash dance even after the official selections are made. Keep signing up, schools!
DM me about this
Way to carry your team when they need you, ! What a monster game last night to help the secure home court.
You were so good today!! I am really proud of you I know how hard that role was but you were amazing!!
What's the three words you never want to hear while making love? Honey, I'm home.
Hahaha! Hope you're having a nice weekend Yammer.
Quote: "Whatever you are, be a good one." Abraham Lincoln
It's a strange feeling to be depressed about not being at a conference, but nice that I'm invested in things.
Good point... maybe they could add a CG bunny or Gonzo to really bring the drama.
S/O thanks for following
Yes!! RT RT : all for not > Naught, actually.
Great headline, "John Edwards: Criminal or Jerk?"
yeahh bc my mom came. Ell oh ell
you're a faggot, you don't text me.
If I was in charge of would be on the front-page everyday of the year :-)
What you did to me boy, I cant forget.
Gut is calibrated by consistent, reliable data.
#VMware says "Windows 8 is Going Our Way!" Interesting read: bit.ly/qr91C
me to! And lol.
The key is to keep hustling and don't become complacent. Someone is always waiting to take over where you left off.
Hanging out with someone you really nice sometimes. It can also be one of the most frustrating things in the world.
"The Green Hornet Lantern" - A spoiled newspaper publisher finds a lantern that gives him the power to be a funny superhero ... that's green
Thanks Mister.
I love how i haven't seen any pacer fans up until they beat miami
Quote of the day: "A goal without a date is just a dream" Milton H. Erickson
Westgate ATX! 11am to 3pm! Demo! doing his thing with our favorite cold-brewed coffee! Come by and say hi!
Good morning!!! Make it a great day!!
sing + writing lyrics + learning to play gtr - what instruments do you play? i know you are musical!
Wine and lost.... from the beginning
dnt do it
- Any interest in a $1 drink w/ ? Redeem drinks @ Chi's top bars & enter 2 win Hawks Box & Bulls Courtside tix!
Me too. I get inundated with new follower notifications. But, to find a REAL person? It had to be "celebrated" like that.
oh my stomach is growling x.x Those sandwiches look so good!
I just love how everybody is talking crap about LSU winning. Guess what. #Bama is gonna WIN! Kk? ;) #rolltide !
Mai Pho on SW Alder between 9th & 10th has best cart Pho in town! Good luck on your quest.
RT : Decided to conquer my nerves and do a lightning talk for #barcamproc on #QRcodes -> Like the cold water. Just dive in.
We're finding this one highly believable. Food for thought: What if this is a test-run for pricing of next-gen system?
If you don't want to talk about it don't tweet about it
An exclusive interview with the Sexual Disaster Quartet, live at The Comet in Northside -- thejazzhalf.com/podcasts/sdqinterview.mp3
I wonder Wat would happen if a girl got pregnant in college like Wat would she do
Casey Anthony wasn't available so NBC booked
i'll come say goodbye!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when the teacher who can ruin your day with his test asks you outside of class how you're doing on the test day.
Get you wine on in the sun today! $10 off all wine bottles all day!
that's what my mom calls it too. Happy Mothers to day to the mamas in you family.
hey did you ever find out if your coming to Tampa?
I smell a huge booking coming my way...Dexter can you hear me??? LOL
We are very excited! Thanks for the sneak peek of our special project today!!
THE AVENGERS WAS PHENOMENAL!!!!
Category 4-E winner is Michael Lowe
what up fam
We only have you to thank! You're awesome Kass! Keep in touch!
no idea. They told us early match but it's almost April. Stay connected here an we'll be sure to let everyone know
Dog Got Me Over Here Rollinn Lmao
Good Morning World!! Currently at 11:10am in Atlanta, GA it is 52 degrees. High: 50* Low: 28*
One of the things nobody ever mentions when asking about BE/AFA - AFA had no good home for its other sports when it considered BE football.
please follow me <3
Good night sweet dreams I love u your the most amazing person ever!! Much Luv xoxo :)
thank you for the follow back! <3
#Flyers fans calling for the team to trade Scott Hartnell of all people, via Twitter last night...... Unbelievable.........
“: All I wanna do right now is hop on a plane go to Cali and get in-n-out” take me with you!!
I've been using Fireworks and hating how it handles type. PSCS6's par and char styles mean I'll probably abandon the FW ship.
Good Mornin Guys!!.
Is that a bad tattoo or a vein behind Lou's left ear?
Bring Back Ringer 3
Thanks Nolan, maybe we can expand the scope of best practices but until than :)
tough luck, she's all bugs bunny's
DC weather in past week has been cooler than usual - Washington Post
live here still... but spend ~50% of my time in DC...
Have fun in Scotland. Enjoy some scotch and Scottish ales for me!
hahaha I'm going! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Traffic Update: SIG Alert on 5 North at Camp Pendleton CANCELED! All lanes now clear & moving right along.
this baby blue star holds my entire world
“: Had Rubio not been hurt I say he would have one the #ROY who's with me? #nba” ~ AGREED!
I TOLD ALL OF MY FRIENDS TO CHECK YOU OUT AND THEY LOVED IT <3
I have a friend that is looking for insurance. Inbox me at or give me a call at 718.687.2113 if you have any contacts.
Ethan said it was wild cheers for LeBron, you say 50/50 mix. Which one is it?
Chilllin wit my cousinn sittin here and she's hummin the adams family song muhaahahahaahahhahaha
I swear me n oomf will never stop Tlking n hooking up LOL Smh
dont you see what you pin :) ??
ugh i can't swim using a heterosexual bathing suit.
disregard that reverbnation tweet! The time is still getting worked out for the national underground..
did anyone else find mockingjay dissipointing
I am looking for a basketball agent who represents overseas players
Thanks Tammy, preciate it!
Just a reminder, too - all month long, buy 1 cup o' froyo, get a 2nd at 50% off. Also, register to win an iPad. WE WANT YOU TO COME HERE.
the screenwriter for that - brilliant RT : Damn Cyrus...
Are you living your dream lifestyle? Comment below.
Happy Birthday to you !!! Hope u have an amazing birthday!!!! The #BBN has much love for you!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
We decided we Fuckin wit the hookah tomorrow night....
calm down before you get seen.
#250writeoffs totally hate mr coach jones! at least we have our phones!
i hope they get CC back if he opts out
Human Centipede
Hope Federer plays better than Clijsters.
Thanks for the follow ...
you are very welcome, check out my previous pics to enjoy
Any poseur wannabe haters can copy&paste pictures&wordsOrphrases from authorized Simon Thunder sites4any agenda.Lol.Thanks4dafree publicity!
“: I better see her tonight.”//she'll be at my house tonight if you wanna stop by!
hahaha I still use mine all the time for student discounts too! 200k for 5% off
im bout to get righter lol
awesome! Yeah we used the same ink on the shirts as we did the sweatshirts!
My new bus driver is always late.
That Mucinex works fast. Now it's the perfect time to spit at people.
Excited to be at the #lodlam meeting co-hosted by and NYU - folks are settling in for morning of data talk.
Cases of Four Loko are on sale at Grocery Outlet, if it's going to be that kind of Friday night.
Taylor Swift and Zac Efron Dance Dare<U+2665>.<U+2665>
and "this" ought to be defined broadly. RT 1980 elections really fucked the psyche of jamaica. It created all this.
***NEW*** BJ MARINO ST. VALENTINES DAY MASSACRE FEB. 14th at www.Cartel-La-Familia.com
oh that might not be bad!
Light tomorrow with today. -Elizabeth Barrett Browning
On my way to Cerritos mall :p
im bout to go get some donuts tho
Haha! You would say that! You'd be proud, I'm gonna start working on my fitness. Going to do the relay in the Akron marathon.
dunno yet..workin on gettin a new apt
I just posted new casting, Broadway auditions, and local news on the Virginia Actors Forum newsfeed and page. Go!
I would like to thank Omega S.A. for having such a grandiose name. It's not every day I can turn to a colleague and ask for The Omega File.
i keep being made fun of for liking :(
tutor me please and thank you
Spend more save more. Applies to shopping at Macy's and for Enterprise IT.
We'd love to see you in!
Good morning beliebers!!show your true support by following me #teamfollowback #TEAMBIEBER <33 :)) xoxoxoxox thanks
I know exactly what you mean! I love brackets! Have you gotten them all played out? Good luck!
those sound awesome!
: See you at five, lady!
are you all tipsy yet =)
best of luck buddy!! ... this one is yours dude!
#TheDramaYears second book tour parent-daughter presentation in Eliot Chapel at Mary Institute St. Louis Country Day School in St....
Have you seen our Organic E-Liquids? Delicious and 100% natural! Also check out our CartoBlast unit. Awesome!
People with obvious, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter time period than folks without them may ever imagine.
all I want to do right now is sleep
Everyone come to our game tomorrow it's a big one! We need all the supporters we can get. District is ours.
Sad to hear closing tomorrow. One of the best casinos on the strip (and plus, the only one where I could win at poker).
Sometimes, I wish you would text me back.
P to his baby brother: "[sweetly] I know you're cute... [then quickly and quietly] so am I!".
I have only been an ELF for a week, and I'm already completely in love with them. Congratulations on making it this far! :) #SUJU6THYEAR <3
Sleep deprivation makes me cruel, impatient, and more of an asshole than usual.
ok, painted nails got so effed up, just removed polish....
Going to work on a video today that shows how Cascading Style Sheets work - something that a lot of web designers do not understand.
TOLD YOU! Now please overnight leftovers to IL? K thx.
so great meeting y'all the other night! That was fun! Cute pics :)
Depeche Pie A'la Mode
Back to LALA land now... Flight JFK to LAX. Don't really want to go.... But ya gotta do what ya gotta do...
I will. Woman!!
because like kid rock says not everyone is worth 1.29 a track.
great time last night
that someone even wants me to do it is why I love you guys! umm... you complete me?
I LOVE YOU
#IFindThatAttractive Not ignorant nor arrogant <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> miss me with that
YOU CAN'T DO NOTHING BUT RESPECT MY GRIND, HUSTLE, SUCCESS & SWAGG!!!
i hate it when i cant tell who honks at me while i walk down the street...
Has any social studies teacher tried to flip a classroom?
so, so far all Noesi has done is make me more eager for Hultzen, Paxton or Walker.
So u being a Strangaa*sarcasted voice*<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Mm, I do love Pandora, too! My new favorite thing about Pandora is being able to use shuffle. I don't think iHeartRadio has that!
Once a bigot ...
Network will produce 850 live events a year on 7 networks.
Are you out rocking with us in Bricktown tonight? If so send us some pics from the field! Post them to Facebook or Tweet 'em at us!
Ladies,if a man waits until after 11 to message you,he's NOT interested in dating you..
Kirk says that Alabama passes the eye test. For the love of god, just give the packers their rings, they "look" pretty good. Bcs sucks
IF YOU LOVE FOLLOW ME
hahah gosh I'm curious bc I have no clue I even had some
congrats on all the followers, Alton hooked you up. Heres to continued success :)
I took a screen writing class and loved it. Which authors inspire you?
Happy Birthday ! <3
oh. Will def check it out. Thanks!
Does calling someone handsome count as being sweet?
yes i had front row seats in tegu! and i miss you too i'm seeing samantha tmrw!
Jealousy is ensuing... then Anger... then sadness.. and now crying... someone in my family threw away my music hardrive.
Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate!!!! RT Vanilla or Chocolate?
sounds cool... if it works, please blog about how to do that :) could help other indies & get you some linksauce
Gotta Get It By Any Means..
We had an amazing time! Cheers to Carnival 2013! Everyone stay tuned for info on our 2012 NA Cocktail Challenge
Heading for one of my final workouts before the #urbanathlon this weekend...
The cantina tonight. 14541 roadrunner way. Mulky and dina behind the bar. I hit the decks at 10 p.m. crazy ass specials all night.
Sell your Arby's stock--- they're giving away free food 162 times this year!
Happy birthday!
Tosh.o is disturbing.
RT “: Went 2 the deli 2 get some hot ham & rolls for lunch after church. Sun is out & it is beautiful 2day in WI. I'm also a dick”
good afternoon i just got home
my favOrite bad girl of all (hbd)
Senator Smith will be only Democrat to vote for Senate and Assembly lines. This does not include the IDC which caucuses independently
The best part about going back to work today is, I'll have the next three days off.
Good luck with what sounds like a great event!
Any ways. I'm not about to entertain her stupidity.
where Ru danni?
Friend got stranded at a bar in LA. He lives in OC. Calls me for help. #Thatawkwardmoment I text friends at 2am to get him a ride home. :/
you love me!
ill give you my Italian pussy instead of some pasta ;)
Ryan Seacrest: "The average person spends 61 days prepping their Halloween costume." (KIIS FM this morning). I'd say I fall into this group.
he has his weird moments but it was fun XD
Reorganized my closet by color and discovered I own an exorbitant amount of black. Seriously, it's like business casual goes goth in there.
I bet!! Why are you calling it Social Justice?
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 81F PARTLY CLOUDY
Finally picked up my madden heels
Woah , We live in the same city , your amazing . k'bye (: love you (:
ya, my fault, I took care of the problem before they realized.
Doesn't that mean you're supposed to call the front office?
Mr. Jokes himself today! =)
Hadis going to be 4 in 4 days. ;o #WOAH He's growing up so fast. :')
I used Shazam to discover All Over The World by Electric Light Orchestra
this makes me miss
": Stevie has 22 grammys. 22! He should be example 2 all of u that NOTHING can stop u if you want it bad enough. #thatisall"
nice avatar
Occupy Tucson holds food drive on downtown sidewalk - KOLD-TV Occupy Tucson holds food drive on downtown sidewalk KOLD-TV AP Entertainmen
My parents just purchased a boat #mylifeiscomplete. Bring on the summer!
Love the new website, It actually works. No more random refreshing during a video.
you're welcome! Thank you for the follow also! :)
The only problem with me is that I'm waiting for my dreams to happen when I'm supposed to make them happen.
Moving is today!
you are such a #rockstar !!
I stay up late every night and realize it was a bad idea every morning.
yeahh hopefully I'll be going there next year for grade 9(:
ilovefood. food>friends
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!! I love you <3 And you will definitely see me at the Friday is Forever Tour!! Can't wait!!!!
I am, but I may as well not be... I don't even know where to start!!!
California condors are visual scavengers - in forested areas they find carcasses by watching ravens and turkey vultures.
The Vow tonight!<U+2764>
Sorry for the whining. I'm okay now. Big thank yous to , , , and for your kindnesses :o)
Be sure to enter #SpaceRace by 9/30/11 if u want to qualify for next prize we're giving away, the Breitling Aeromarine Colt Quartz Watch!
Hey MICA NYC area alumni! R u coming to the alumni event tomorrow at Art Connects New York (491 Broadway, 5th Floor)? Fun starts at 7PM!
Teaching myself how to draw all over again this time left handed
Once again I've compiled more than I will ever need to finish my assignment.
See Matt, wants us to be together. The Commander in Chief demands we live happily ever after <3
on hard days u all keep me going. Thankyou for that!
yes. I go there sometimes. But the friendliest is at Eutaw and Baltimore. My baristas know me well.
What is the best online meeting space? Need to be able to have multiple live inputs and post presentation in PPT or GooglePresentation.
Which cereal are you gonna try? RT: #coupon #cereral SAVE 55¢ when you buy one Sunbelt® BakeryCereal coupon
I think its been abt 2 months since my most recent ink.... it's definitely time for more...
No problem. We love what you're doing. It's needed. ;-)
the first episode of the second series is my favorite!
aren't u just a rebel :P
One eye open #studio #time #almost #420 haha
I know! y'all didn't invite me -______- nikinie? Is that how you spell whatever they call you ? 0: lol
Hi Mom, I'm on TV again. No, I don't know what channel TBS is on your TV.
Finally after a day of smokin pullin yo bitch copin at the mall and partying i finally get to eat my munchies
then I would highly recommend NOT to read those dirty novels our mothers grew up with. Know yourself and your love with follow
I like good things more than I hate bad things.
Some people are just junkies.
it's to hot outside!
just make sure when u see him to hug him really big
Last day of classes!!!
That foul call on T-Rob may be the worst call all year. He didn't even come in contact with anybody.
Go green!!!
World cup trophy is not a cup... WTF?
Its official Im comitted to Celtic FC
I just lost my voice when Edge came out!!
thanks for following
finishing up the first set with the Russell Scarbrough Big Band. gona be a good record
Thanks to our first participant! We're excited too. And remember to use #eChalkTCEA. RT : Can't wait for TCEA convention
getting fat, all i ate today was poptarts and cookies lololol
saw u on tmz tonight. loved it
I got a lot of stuff coming up. Social networks will be a distraction, but I will keep instagram until I get back.
Respectable POTUS will take responsibility, losers blame others.
isn't the new it's just his idol and respect him
I love IKEA. <3
sad little donkey fans.... No really they are SAD!!!
I love CrossFit, but I drink a little. And days like today...handstand pushups give me the barfs.
Going to brown county with my best buddy :D
I still give A.J. Jenkins an "F" in three classes: May Physical Fitness, Diploma Collection and Intro to Fleener!
I just noticed there is a snag in the lace near the neckline where the tag was resting.
Cool. That reminds me, I need some toe socks. :)
yes oh my god I just need to talk to you about everything. I miss those days. There all I look forward to
yawning all day long cause I didn't get enough sleep
Your fine friend >>>>>
straight out
*cools off a bit* just game 2, it's NOT OVER!!
#SJP Varsity Baseball today at Ashburn vs. O'Hara - it's Senior Day!
there are so many inappropriate things I could say here.
I filtered Kate... Out of respect for your love of the arts.. And Kitty's love of your ass
these guys do ;)
thanks for following me!
Having the #GameofThrones theme song stuck in your head on a Tuesday and knowing it will stay till Sunday is awful.
Dry clean only??? OH! So throw it in a dusty closet and never wash it.
No, Sorbet.
Finally settled on a code snippet tool. I'm going to try SnippShot, it's simple and web-based. So will off-load my code out of CQ
#BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb Directioners and Beliebers are just beautiful. And thats all I have to say
NYU runs on the semester system, not the quarter system.
<U+200E>#God never promises the absence of storms. He just promises to walk with us through them.~ Max Lucado
Hi Phil, thanks for following!
you wouldn't dare.
When we, the believers, have faith in God, all of the surrounding people receive the benefits..
Wait...what? The leprechaun just used a lightsaber. I had no idea the little dude was a jedi...
I need new money! Old money not spendn right!
Don't forget to pick me up anything cool they are handing out. I'm keeping my fingers crossed for black and gold puppies.
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves. - Sir Edmund Hillary
Goodmorning you guys .
Louis AgassizThere's no money in poetry, but then there's no poetry in money, either
thank you for ruining todays game!!!!
And, if your the UK basketball coach, glance at a form before going to the Derby. Not knowing any of the horses in the field is a sin in Ky.
but they didn't actually propose via twitter...
Celebration. We just hit 150 followers! Thank you. Are they your friends? If not, ask them to follow us too. Seriously, Thank you!
that is awesome congrats! We finally got our interns. We hired one guy and one girl.
TGIF: $5 drink specials and $5 chicken tenders. Visit Theory for lunch or your after work stress relief. 11am-2am
That's a nice pick up for Buffalo.
good luck with that. The only new ideas are the ones that transcend language...
Cool gig tonight with and at a church in Glendale Ca!
Loving Shank 2, I haven't been this giddy for a game in ages!
They were shipped to him Chris, Sorry man not yet :(
What! i'm going where lives RT : Winter is back in ROC... Light to moderate snow now falling across most of WNY
Wow the colts could get beat by a high school jv team
Newt Gingrich loves traditional marriage so much he decided to have three.
I'd bet Jack Martz's gloating at Walker's union busting is long over...
It's always nice when the pain stops isn't it?
How am I the first one up? I'll give my family another 15 minutes. Then, Christmas is happening.
shoutout and help me get more followers please?
DJ Christoff confirmed that you can say Douche Bag on the radio.
Trying to gear up for St. Patty's Day but I can't find any "Kill Me, I'm English" buttons. Suggestions?
Feeling sour today. Feeling so sour that I'm watching SVU to cheer for the bad guys.
your D-backs looking strong this year. Gonna be a hell of a season.
Text Caleb at (973) 457-1736 and say Hi! (text only, calls won't go through)
NEVER EVER EVER EVER make someone your priority when you are only an option to them. I will always remember this.
Today is the first Valentines day I thought I wouldn't spend alone... fail...
please follow she is you biggest fan!100
but you still listen to too much talk radio.
A great Troopswap Potluck tonight. Pictures to follow!
Hey David, Thanks for the #FF mention. I appreciate your support!
If Heat lose tonight, they'll lose game 3 in Indiana, THEN
Skinned knee Sunday night and now a giant gash on my leg from my front fender. Cuts & bruises are sexy right? Right?
Roger Sterling's "Help, I've taken LSD" note is the greatest thing I've ever seen on any television show ever.
The Heat are only one round closer to getting beat by the Spurs. Y'all Heat fans need to relax.
RT I'm thinking about unfollowing you. Since you're so head over heels for this chick
Good luck tonight guys! Wish I could be there!!!
RT It's what you do every day that makes you who you'll be someday
Damn we got some salty ass Laker fans. Accept the loss. Thunder is a hard & cold ass team, they have my respect.
I REFUSE TO LOSE EVEN IF I'M NOT WINNING CAUSE I HAVEN'T LOST YET!!!
Final: Kane County 4, Beloit 3. Sano with a 2-run HR, but he was in the on deck circle when the game ended. Too bad.
RT : Find/make a place to go when you're stressed. For 5 minutes/5 hours, use it to recallibrate
game day ...get focused! ....1 game at a time!
At school:p
YES!!! He saying "are you serious?" when the officials miss a call! Lmao
Dag these annoying teenagers r working my last damn nerves.
You won’t need a pilot’s license to enjoy a cold one from at Tap Haven during Beer-Con
97 days, give or take -- would be great if someone offered him a JOB to make the move easier (btw, you STILL need a photo)! xx
Fortune favors the brave. - Publius Terence
ugh! grammer #FAIL prob should have coffee b4 tweeting, LOL! and ha! Its not what you think :-)
Do you think the tax brackest should be reworked?
Thanks for the mention Spaceman. Wishing you continued success with this video and all your future work.
Why does my throat have to hurt so bad :( I feel like crap!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
honestly? No): hbu?
Lost so many followers since i havent tweeted in a while /;
Whos up (: gettn ready for school!!!!
#14 and rising, ready for another great Uconn Huskies season.
saying as i just got home from the concert and i just got outta the after concert hottub party. that concert=<3
you type to slow
LMAO that's for you to discover.
Cards Against Humanity is a fun game for the entire family.
New truck serves tri tip!!
They say if money aint change you, you aint make enough
Going the extra mile flying just to make me happy
Watching Rocket Power n shit
Got 2 c Donna Summer w/ a few years ago w/ the Nashville Symphony - a big treat. Donna's influence will live on!
I'm so fucking sleepy >,>
Why aren't we still at #lux ?
i do need those MBV re-issues
told Debby about the sunblock. She's fine with it.
#ImportantQuestion Twitter could become your worst friend when you’re drunk. Has anyone ever tweeted anything embarrassing?
Welcome to the world of Twitter.
RT Stay tuned to SUCCESS.com for exclusive behind the scenes reports from The Women's Conference 2010, featuring... http://
Oh dear! Sorry tweeps for all the weight loss tips I apparently issued this morning. I've reset my password so I hope the hacking is over!
thanks for the follow!
Voted in Cross Plains before heading over to cover the City track and field field at Mansfield Stadium. I was number 795 around 5 p.m.
Apparently feeling loopy and dizzy is the trade-off for somewhat being able to breathe. I call shenanigans.
Justin is so talented of everything..
Gene Grant w/ in Albuquerque. Host of 'New Mexico In Focus.' Trader Joe's - Simpler Times lager tonight.
"This is an office favorite! It made our day. Thank you!" -Doing our part to help make the workday special.
this lul girl is dragging this baby through the store in this car seat !
ratings tomorrow... it feels like Xmas Eve!!
Haha his favorite!! Sounds fun!
Yayy I'm glad I could help! and you're welcome :)
New Orleans' first Mardi Gras celebration was held in
Or could a ton of feathers kill you ?
The secret of digestibility.
some people insert YOLO at the wrong place and wrong time......
.. Check ouf Die as you fall!!
Another busy week ahead!!! So many things going on. It's all so exciting and crazy at the same time 0.o
pick me for the #Spurs tickets man... if you pick me I'll junk punch Chubbs for lying about his small dong
haha im so weird with that. Like with friends, I'm all down but I hate for parents to think I'm slutty. Haha imma loser
thank you for the RT!
We've passed 1,000 tweets! A big "Thank You" to all of our followers for all of your support!!
missing my baby, feeling bad for brandon :( and stil tryna find out why ppl like this thing
Oh ya, I forgot to mention Lion requires Filemaker 11. Pull out your wallet before you upgrade.
Hey kate!! thank you so much for following us!! you're awesome. hope you like our new music! :) <3
Wat is two months lol girl my lisense suspended it a whole lot a bs in my life
Wish its raw format was already supported by Aperture, but otherwise It looks pretty sweet. I'll let you know...
Thank you...it was just as fun to shoot!!
I wonder what my boo doing
He meets me where ever I like<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
top 3 1. Derrick Rose 2. Chris Paul 3. Rajon Rondo enough said John Wall not there yet but will be.
it's tuesday! Lol
Good point! RT : Remember that in smaller companies, HR is a jack-of-all trades - not many specialists to support them.
Always take it with a grain of salt, but our NBA projections have been running well this week...14-6 ATS the last two days.
lol girl I'm good moved bacc to the west girl. . . . Bacc to the boujii side lol. . . . .
Can we please stop blaming Bobby Brown!
Friday night decisions Wine or Beer?
A friendly reminder 4 my nigga's: remember Bitches ain't shit. But not every girl is. B really careful cuz bitches r deceiving and selfish..
he will think you got fucked by a system ran by hypocritical shitstains and he needs to talk to your right away !!
Benziger family vineyards makes some good ones, though I can't remember the specific releases off the top of my head.
Do you need some to manager your Twitter & Facebook? text or call 678.835.7625 for detail
peeing in street not cool EVER
bad combination.....lol
I burn baby burn like disco inferno
and when is that ?? lmfao
we tripled our fan base in 24 hours and the haters came out of the woodwork… :(
yes and ca has turned it over but the sheer number is something to note I think!
That's good. Am awesome thanks. U have been too silent
Fast replies make me feel like you actually want to talk to me. Then slow replies make me think there's someone better.
i like to c my two fan corroborated together so all d hater can go to hell!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
Nuggets are ready for tomorrow against lakers hopefully it doesn't get cancelled.
I'm boycotting every bar with ADA accessible bathrooms.
Old enough to know better to young to resist
Nicely put. Thx for the mention. : )
Goin through my Facebook photos is like going through a fantasy camp. My life has treated me too well the last few years
its gone b ok mama God gotchall;)
Gonna be a good day!
Where will you take your next #vacation?
The earthquake has slipped from the headlines but Haiti still needs help. This is great way to do something & have fun while doing it!
My whole head is sore.. wtf did I do last night ugggghhh
which end of the spectrum? visible light? gamma?
I just found out I got A on my final... He be answering prayers like whoa!
Q6 I would say to not start down the road of rating books, it's awfully subjective
#RITZ2 this Friday || FREE FOR ALL!! | Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !! | $10 Pitchers | $5 Wings | #tonefide 5
TWO DAYS LEFT to ORDER Appalachian Granny's fresh, yummy desserts before Christmas! Order NOW-deadline 12/22, 6 pm! 614-732-2803
#smmmQ If you have multi fanpages on Facebook should you have multiple twitter accounts as well - one for one?
I saw at frontier days a couple years ago, much prettier in person
Ahaha my coworkers just tried to prank call me. Except they forgot there is caller ID. I love them.
MAH BABEH!!!! RT : With Marmol headed to DL, #Cubs expected to add Casey Coleman on Saturday
So terrorists were planning to blow up a bridge in Cleveland? A) Why Cleveland? B) Yikes! I was just there this past weekend....
If #MCFC win the league, thoughts on #USMNT Tim Howard save on Ferdinand late today 2 help them? cc:
I mean he great at both, the only person who can rap & sing and great at it. n I rather see trey songz n drake do a cd
Can't wait to get outta skool!
About that... we still on for TV and #bucketlist?
Why are the trends so shit right now?
Find five strangers who smell especially good.
Dear Big 12, once again, Cards prove a better program than WVU, same as in football. Must have been the burning couches.
hi ho r u follow me
no I just don't get the whole fighting situation I just want to help both of y'all
are you able to copy them from face book or do i gotta locate the originals
this countdown is all sorts of off, but I'm super excited. These people been playin' with you, it's time to Shut Em Up!
lazy ass.
Ghost whisperer awesome (:
We ventured to Indiana today to visit with some of our favorite Culligan men (and women!). Looks like winter hasn't come here either.
Thats cool RT : yea kinda.. If I can roll w u so I can get in
FF this wedding beauty duo!
He knows my stats. Suits everyday, although I can throw on some camouflage shorts w/the best of them. cc:
Go Browns way to beast the champs! pre-season or not. colt beasted and hillis was a horse as usual.
go to Dave at headz up
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value. ~Albert Einstein
just got back from Sherlocks Westheimer in Houston from rockin and sipin!
right I wanna get a different one but I don't wanna waste my money...
Empowerment, Education, Change - three word intros at #TechCamp Ramallah
check your email
Hope you have a great day!
'Injury Epidemic' hits Brewers?? It's getting to be a pandemic, someone should call CDC...
#Weather Forecast for Wednesday Night
have an amazing time! Recover and don't you dare spend one minute on work stuff!
#ThingsBetterThanSOPA pretentious, judgemental art school hipsters
you left me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
omg deadweight! forgot about that! hahaha
good nite and sweet dreams my dear friends 4 am comes early, keep smiling and love you all
a girl who shows up at your table, drinks all your booze and leaves.
Lactaid milk= the democratization of calcium. I forgot how much I missed being able to drink milk!
Ready for happy hour!
DAMN LIE
You make me Smile waay to Much.. :)
A discovery is said to be an accident meeting a prepared mind. Albert Szent-Gyorgyi (1893 - 1986)
sing your life.
let's make a Boston show happen. We'll sell that bitch out.
Have a great day everyone! :) btw where is my NY buddy?! lol Be back later! xoxo
I do it to myself...lol at me smh
Ha Ha Ha
#89 I love your bio!! Forget the haters eat subway. Classic :) lol
like the girls in that geico commercial say... eww. seriously? that was so gross...
The Chreasters were in full effect today!
One of the worst food experiences in my life ... Stay away my friends! Stay away...
so important that can't even be said so yeah basically I get you because that's how I feel sometimes :) !*)
I knowww!! i just bought myself a Slurpee!!! So Amazing!
pulling a Lauryn is not showering until your mom bribes you
I'm exhausted, but my presentation is done and the sense of accomplishment and knowing I didn't give up is worth every missed Z!
The moccasin is sneakily stylish. Incredible when paired with skinny jeans and t-shirts, or cutoff denim shorts & bare legs.
Just nailed a bird on my way to work. He gone...
Celebrity math: A bathroom + a sour fruit = John Lemon
harreh gon' steal all of it and burry it in a pit and light it on fire
haha I have a 6-hour live today & I've been working straight since like last week w/ no day off til thurs!
IM HERE
When there is a key for success open each door to see what the future has in store.
#Jets' DeVito: "I could get into what everybody's saying. It's about what I do. I'm confident in my abilities and what I can put out there"
My condolences, Jeff :-)
Fuck I hate being up early fml
It actually is a good day at work when I am asked to bring my greased elbows and not my cleaning gloves!
Cool site!
I love you too! And my need for energy is not because I'm not having a BLAST w/my girls, it's because I'm getting old! Ha!
Will Yeah Follow Me?(:
Come in to the Crimson Canary and you're first round is 2-4-1!
RT : I'm a family man...so dont cross that line where my family stand
Game Day! Can't wait for the BC Boston Chapter Game Watch tonight
After the fog starts cleaning your notice what type of fucken mess you created; and even after that you understand but dont have to agree.
j150 sure knows how to ruin a night
So psyched to be photographing #Chef Kamil's #amazing #food right now!!
We're in the 90s on What about you?
entering the Fox right now!
I need another day to recover... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> This rain isn't helping either.
I'm on da iPad. I gotta get me one
#Bruins take the lead 3-2
last session on WWU's Viking Village online forum. Hoping for tips on our planned virtual Research Commons
yes - to me it's interesting not just for its stated purpose but also as a site of study re scholarly practices online
Drama drama drama RT : Looks like some people aren't going to have spots on Onyx <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> muahhahah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
1 more month til Im done with these Invisalign braces...I'm lovin' my grill so far
Jen, thanks! I returned to work after 10 days off, so there wasn't much time to celebrate. But we did manage dinner out.
Got to got on my twitter shit #TeamVA !!!!!! S/O
Lol I JUST texted him saying hey, but I know he's sleeping just like everyone else. Hopefully in the morning he'll answer
Another classic is back at Porter Square, get a taste of summer with the Creamsicle flavor, side by side with Raspberry? DELICIOUS
Fox is the cutest!!
i love you hollins!
that's what she said
need a new approach, possibly a slight line mix up?
Hi Brit, you should stop throwing all of your possessions at me. Thanks.
lol i wear glasses but i may use my old pair n just pop out the lenses n wear contacts
Proximity to both establishments also does nothing to quell the stench of the nearby recycling center.
I think we can win this one!(:
I vote for 10!
Is Bert Macklin in attendance? RT: : New York #Knicks fans chanting "Asshole" at
I wish someone could have heard my father talking about the new neighbors lmao
A 6-1 Texas Wesleyan Univ Ram squad with 11 new guys have run up. 6-1 record and moved up to #7 in the latest national poll. Still Much 2do
What a long non-stop dress reharsal kind of day....on top of that I saw a homeless woman on the street. Makes me think...
Free beer is my favorite beer.
"It's not that I wait for you, it's that my arms are doors I cannot close." D. Brown
Can't wait to hear it, guys!
are you sure you weren't raised in Long Island?
im not sure, sorry!! :(
Wow. That was quick. Time flies when I'm having fun? Or just getting old? :-)
This show N Tell here. lol
Three days!!! I can't wait to watch this 2012 #MLB season. GO #Yankees!!!
Pledgeship looks like its going to happen.
"You can hold onto the past and get left or jump into the future and live a new life with an open mind"
I'm in Spanish 1 right now so I know un poquito ;)
Knicks are better off without Amare
Congrats and !!!
Next Year's Tour will be called NO HISTORY OF VIOLENCE and will feature The First 48's Joe Schillaci from Miami PD. Nearly 100 Tour Dates!!!
I don't think I've ever loved my job more. Apply for #AmeriCorps and change your life.
Thanks, Nick! I have hardly any of those ingredients. Sacrilege, I know.
Early morning and going to start #BeGreat. I owe that to dad, but will give props to his favorite player.
lemme know, ask and mgr will bring it in
Oh no!!!! lol good luck with that!
can you take photos :)
hell yea wat up
Arent we all. Not just looks tho. We get uglier inside too.
Money and the cars.. Cars and the clothes.. The hoes.. I suppose.. I just want to be ____..
True, but my last name isn't the morphing of a lion and an eagle! I think you win this name-off, sir. You win.
now, that's funny, and messed up. I like it!
Thx! Actually I gave up on that and coming thru Santa Ana - had to change flight - definitely not recommended :)
Pacific Beach surf report: 2-3 ft + knee to chest high & FAIR CONDITIONS
Oh #SPSS, you've failed me for the last time! Switching to R...
RT : “: Anything can happen when you take a chance. –Troy (High School Musical)”
Is my bio too much like one of those ______ _______ tweeted me on __/__ bios?
awww and who are u talkin about??
These chest pains are no joke <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Haha, I just found out that Justin Bieber's 'Baby Momma' just dropped her law suit claims. What a fake, of course that baby isn't his!
countdown to the weekend festivites...cherry blossom festival, Easter, egg hunts...oh me oh my the fun. Sit back relax, and enjoy life!
Put the gun down!
Motorcycle ride around springs. hell yes P[eace]L[ove]U[nity]R[espect]<3
I have no interest in talking to you, so I'm gonna say one word responses until you go away.
Damn now when the Heat don't win the Championship ya just gonna say "It's cause Bosh got hurt" when ya weren't gonna win it anyways. Smh
AHH! That scared me. holy crap.
The Bruins are the team of rats, crybabies and divers.
Producers Visit DrumKingKits.Com For The Hottest Sounds Drums & Free Vst's & Artist/Rappers Visit ZoeBeats.Com For Hott Beats!
"The soul of the sluggard craves and gets nothing, while the soul of the diligent is richly supplied" (Proverbs 13:4, RSV)
i figured it out thanks guys i had a blocker on this computer got the vid's tonite very cool
well done assassins!!!
“: said on the #grammys that the #revolution is being televised #RonPaul #gop2012”
I hate when I'm on my period and the dumb ass teacher won't let you go to the bathroom. Like, LOL K. I'll BLEED ON YOUR FUCKING CHAIR THEN.
My paycheck was $34.
Ben Franklin Month! Come visit us for Super Science Saturday and learn all kinds of interesting facts and play with some static toys!
Deciding if I should do senior skip day
That why I don't fuck with you Carrington that's why we can't be friends
At the hair salon with my daughter this place is stupid packed shoutout to all the Dominican Hairdressers
cool good luck with that
name should be an trending topic right now
last monday of summer :(
Well what do you do? I should have been able to tell when checking out ur profile. Links? Bio? Market yourself
congrats on the Paramount deal!
Progress on launching the site is going AWESOME. Decided to launch Monday instead, to have time to finish up and tweak everything. :)
"Plant your own garden and decorate your own soul, instead of waiting for someone to bring you flowers." ~ Veronica A. Shoffstal
Oh, Donna...can always count on you for a laugh :)
the feeling is mutual. Thanks for stopping by!
Thanks. Always a good time in Philly.
don't we all!?
Dinner eaten, homework completed, halfway through The Moonstone by Wilkie Collins. The rest of the evening looks nice and easy.
it was a bad day
what's the other account
Gospel at the Gallery Memorial Weekend May 26th. Yes! I'm there...where u at?
NO. Heidi Klum and Seal cannot be getting a divorce :(
just something i could see u saying
Jamming Hello Nasty. I will not cry. I will NOT cry.
That's for an older version of the bill. New provisions change the pricetag
This shows how low of a priority our justice system puts towards sexual crimes against children... Read this article...
Nothing hits the spot like a heath bar blizzard.
Worth the wait: The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Just found out, my son is ranked #2 in his Senior class!
All the really big decisions are made in the parking lot, put the live feed there
Who has 2 thumbs and is bored out of his mind --- THIS GUY
TRUE! I ain't been on Tumblr in a minute.
lol guess we think alike. Haha
Hey dudes. I just finished a new song tonight. I'll have the link up for it later on today ^_^
I can report, without dithering, equivocation or false humility, that I am not a graphic designer.
I strategically was waiting for the big 500...so what do I win is there a prize :)
I know, right? That Pictureplane set had over 6000 invites...for a loft party. Sometimes, a little exclusivity isn't bad.
I only speak the truth. About myself that is.
I like to secretly split infinitives.
You the best
All these doctoral students and their fellowships make me so maaaadddddddd. Grrrrrrrrrr
I popped u in ur face lol
what are my chances on getting accepted into these universities?
its been so long!
hey betch next time you change the paper towels put it in the right way lmao
Nevermind, twitter is evil enough as it is. We're 5 hrs into the 16+ hr drive to Aspen. Another CO sunrise coming up!
"The Son of Man will come at an hour when you do not expect him" (Luke 12:40)
$11-$13 hourly is not a living wage in Chicago.
dude, good luck at court!! I hope all goes well :-(
Y the Laker Players always Gotta Take Their jersey Off! Lol
yaleclimatemediaforum.org will post major ocean acidification piece, video w/ Florida Keys Santuary Director, elec cars. v hybrids analysis.
Haha, yes, for humans the older you get the funnier your shake face....
I think you do!
Just taped a very insightful podcast w/ Working on getting it posted in an hour. Writers and baseball fans will love this.
we thought so..=)
Wonders how many of u would stay with a cheating spouse...?
In the office early to take care of a few things. Leaving early so I can go to #MDFF12! Seeing THE SOURCE @ 2p & COMPLIANCE @ 4:30p.
rocking my today(:
u said that is everyone here make believe? Lol
Just returned from on 23rd ~ so so good!
Article 2 almost done. May the copy editor gods be kind.
I'm so glad to know this as a former child mind wander.
just held a Walrus's penis!
I got a couple new btches shit i got two or three.What they do for free ? Everything they do for me.
it was a mash up of "she sells sanctuary" by the cult and "good feeling" by Flo Rida.
LET'S GO KINGS!!!!
What I really want for Christmas is for Christopher Walken to narrate the complete works of George Saunders on audiobook. Make it so, world
you can't make that weak of an argument. WHERE abroad would matter a great deal.
Great foul
Nice work!
I hate rain.
Need some fresh canvas to apply some ink!!!
Harper just stole home?
m.o.b
hello please follow me :))
Back to Nashville I go. On hold for another job. :-) Woot Woot!
Shopping at target w/ mother in law: I need to say more. I do. But I can't for some reason.
Ugh yeah. But there are more and more of them out there nowadays.
just saw this - please email so we can make things right with you!
.I was 40 weeks plus 2 days :) she was 2 days late...!
Good work Tom! Did they catch them?
Good luck to my boys and in the finals of the Sirius XM Host's league!
Have some magazine photo shoots in the works!
They play it so much the letters are falling off. RT THE BLACK KEYS - IGHTEN UP
If you were arrested for kindness, would there be enough evidence to convict you? ~ Author Unknown
the man came home early 2 check on his little scraps. i let him look at the paw & give me extra head scratches. free of charge.
watching #cheaters!
Anyone been to Ramrod in New Orleans? When there, I got off at least 6 times in 3 nights. Best was running my cock up a hard muscled ass.
How we perceive a situation and how we react to it is the basis of our #stress. ~ Catherine Pulsifer
Go ham when the beat drop!
Soundproof Room by Eller Varner is my new jam
Digital Domain Media Group to Present at Beijing International Film Festival
gmorning yall did everybody sleep well
APPETIZER CRAB-STUFFED BAKED ARTICHOKES smoked mozzarella, crabmeat, panko, spinach, lemon butter sauce
#understatement RT We need bullpen help.
New From Ed Dolan's Econ Blog: The case against the charitable deduction.
hahaha!!! Aahhh the visual is wonderful...thanks for that! I hope that dream comes true for you!
it's not my fault I like the damn guy...
My nose hurts from that stripper beating me with her tits.
yep! Very close to where I live now. Palms, Mar Vista and Rancho Park areas of LA
jealous! Oh how I miss those omelets and crazy juice concoctions :) cc
Wow mini heart attack.
Yum! Thank you for coming out to be a part of Fashion for Compassion
My baby is officially a college graduate!!! Woo <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Victor Cruz's VALENTINE'S DAY Acting Class Special 2 for $30. Pearl Studios 500 8th Ave 4th fl NYC Tonight 7pm. Have some fun tonight!
If we cant hold each other accountable in love, then we cant be friends.
Need to get to the studio like. . . . NOW
Seeing couples argue, makes me not want to be in a relationship any time soon.
Oh bummer! We'll miss ya'll at the swap! Don't worry though we'll be back to NOLA in Feb or March :)
New side hustle .... Searchin
Im So Ahead Of My Time Even The G's Hate It, My Body Do Nothing But Urn Like Im Cremated
Do gators sweat?
I love you too Baby Boy!
"the three wealthy Crawley daughters, reared like veal, though sharp as vipers."
I swear, if I hear one more person talk negatively about libraries, I will give them my best librarian stare and shush the shit out of them.
twins v tigers one gm playoff amaze! tonite..twins v yankees 6pm..then aimee lee and jazzilla @ diaspora vibe 7pm! then 786 @ purdy lounge
Kid to dad: if they put a commercial on tv, it must not be any good. If it was good, they shouldn't have to advertise it.
So I didn't make the cut for , which is a bummer, but I totally respect their decision & honestly, it was much fun to even try.
Come see us at lafayette square...we are set up at the thank you event!
Hearing the sad news makes me tear up :'( We all loved Malachi and now he is in dog heaven <3
Off to what looks to be another amazing Toastmasters meeting
Energizer Bunny arrested. Charged with battery.
I'm DVR the show at home and then watch it also at work! Double ratings!
I look forward to the time when we routinely talk about "costs" & we are not talking about dollars but costs in human suffering etc
Please vote for the public option. Some of your constituents support it STRONGLY.
hahahaa x noppeee :) x just little old mee x
I sawn with the dolphins in Atlantis and it was one of the coolest experiences I've ever experienced. I highly recommend it.
My judgement of music is really low right now....
Thanks for the follow!
Just seen the Barlow dunk. Sullinger should've immediately substituted himself out of the game.
RT : With Over 50,000 Hits In Just a Few Days Us Over at The Donut Fresh Factory would like to Thank EveryBody For All......
Which college #mascot will bring the most ruckus at #MarchMadness this week?
Recently, strange desire to consult the tarot. Laziness has kept me. Temporary fix/impulse buy/happy medium: lifepath.me
Any horse that likes cookies is okay w/ me - too bad I didn't bet that way. #ohwell MT I'll Have Another wins Kentucky Derby
another weekend going by; story of my life.
I like 's 70 best outdoor blogs list, but why no skiing blogs?
Anyone headed to #FMC this week?
TiffanyParkerMusic :) Im so glad I can jump in on Instagram now!
YOU'RE an amazing barista.
Always was soo amazing!!! Finally Caskett!!!! Can't wait for next season!!
I think it should be anywhere in fl
I started losing a good amount with betting. So i withdrew today. Won more than i loss this year. The $$$ I withdrew will go to la savings.
Of course my pal Monica Day is exempt from all criticism of morning news - cause she rocks! She's a St. Tims Fest dunk tank Queen!
yo what up Spenspen!! I'm in Vegas! Should be getting US phone tomorrow so buzz u soon! Hope u had a RAD thanksgiving :)
you're not lying there my good friend.
Why am I always tired that I sleep so much
Sure wish was open & efficient like Foreclosure doesn't take a break for turkey and dressing.
Happy Wednesday! Hope your smiling today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>. RT me or Follow me
um...what's gs?
Please check out and join our LinkedIn Group - British Expats in New York City....
LMAOO, so my sister and I were doing sit ups and it was starting to get intense. And out of no where she yells "HARDCORE!" wtf?! Lol.
#DesireThursdays- come on, give it to me- i know you got 'em....what do you desire today??
Ok that was pretty damn funny!
#AGuyShould leave a 'good morning beautiful' text. It will make her day.
! Haha ok good! :) just makin sure!.
Ugh I have no idea what to wear to work today...
Many museum high propensity visitors are "connected" (broadband, web, mobile) so there's just meeting consumer expectations
I'd be a morning person if morning wouldn't start until I woke up...
2/3 of the way through "The Uncoupling." So far it is a wonderful read!
Cost to change my flight on American Airlines- $750. Cost to cancel my AA flight and book flight on Southwest- $350... Hm what to do?
L'Enfant Ficellenians, Sharing lunch with you, it was as nice as the day was.....GOURGEOUS!!!!!!!! Enjoy your weekend!
Oh my god, why am I so hungry?
Halloween decor buy one get one FREE today at both stores! We're not open Mondays so its your last chance!! Last minute costume items, too!
Thanks Blake! We all need to celebrate soon!
Packing for CA!
I made ur dp bigger so ya love me!
maybe he was just lying to start out with...
I don't think Our Hero is available, but we can hope.
Intoxication my voice box rocks the nation/ street affiliation, the doe or die situation
had a horrible day and this definitely just made it better.
Honestly, I'd prefer "beautiful" or "pretty" over "sexy" or "hot".
Need your bicycle fixed? Every weekend Bikes del Pueblo is teaching and fixing bikes at the City Heights Farmers market on a donation...
I had the brisket sandwich there. It's legit
I want one!
maybe look in your DM (direct messages) ?
Omg Joe on Kevin's twitter. LOL. Joe, wanna hack me next? ;)
Duck you ducking autocorrects
#Hockstar wants to know, "Where were you when Derrick Rose tore his ACL?" Out 10-12 months... #HockstarPresents wishes you a speedy recovery
Why thank yew! x
doing laundry and cleaning my house. i love when everything is clean :)
great seeing you! Fun to put a face to an email :) Thank you for coming, hope to see you soon
Time to gett TOWW UP with Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on you tube, Meech Dogg JUICED UP...
da coldest bitch on twitter hands down idc wat nobody say OMG LOL
I hate to tell you this but that show is fake. Hey but the playoffs are real!
RT : The Obama Admin has agreed to our coordinated health care model in OR. Could save us $11 billion over next decade...
peanut butter on a toasted bagel...yum
I think he just didn't want to confused you two ;)
Thanks for following. I'm happy to connect.
The future is exciting.
MTV was looking for 1D fans to interview & they are just gonna interview about why we love the boys !
Live life to the fullest there are no limits to what can happen if you put you heart,body,mind and soul into reaching goals
“: Music , take me somewhere please !”<~ everything ok
Wish I lived Japan I could have all the Japanese food I want.
Just seen on tv that some 2pac's ashes were rolled up n smoked with some bud!?!? Really?? #FactOrFiction??
It is a sunny day, but the hip hop and R&B from 777 5th Ave is far too loud, the whole block can hear it.
Where is the best pizza in Denver?
11 AM works for me. : ) I can DM you my contact info.
Thanks for the follow-back, Lesley.
I talk as I sketch, too, in order to keep their minds off what I'm doing so I'll get the most natural expression I can from them.
since the most famous people on dancing with the stars 2012 are urkel and gladys knight (sans pips) shouldnt they rename the show? (really.)
yeah she is :)
WHY YOU NO TAKE ME TO AUSSIE WITH YOU? (:
Hi there , Great time w/family, hope urs was too! :)
thats awesome. hope you can keep it going. get a few in a row.
u still waiting? : Waiting to hear from the White House on the President supporting or not supporting Congressman Charlie Rangel
Happens to the best of us. At least you probably won't have to go back for a while.
Can't wait till the day I divorce AT&T
You're my favorite muppet.
I dont smoke the bud unless it comes from Cali
/// Your team lost.......get over it. Its just a game. You're not on the court, you're watching it from TV. Chill.
You say it's to late to make it, but is it to late to try?...
thank you Lisa. Been disappearing! You are welcome.
#ColoradoRockies win again!!!
Looking through my #itunes trying to figure out what song to listen to first on my Any suggestions?
something clares I think! I googled internet explorer song and poof there it was lol
if. you have. an. Android u. will. know why. this. happe.ns.
I enjoy playing wordfeud - missicetee - hey, no crazy people though!
I'm not. that girl can sing!
yes, in fact, I AM 5 sucka
I like drinken on Boylston St. Boston during the day during the week.
love u too cat!
Better pencil in some ebola in late June and some H1N1 for August.
Wonderful, thanks! You?
Just watched the One Thing music vid in British Literature with !!! AMAZING great job !!!
15 minutes until "the lock"
Thanks for the tweet :>
is just getting home from work. grrrrrrrrrr.
Ha! I remember that one. So. True. It amazes me to spend time w/ some friends & fall in love with their kids & the family dynamic..
Kimchi Bowl lunch? It's a Wednesday "Top Choice"!
I'm sure 75 of them think they can.
some cheer leader but it didn't happen
they would be so cute omg
that wasn't someone pouring water on rocks in a sauna? Or u peeing on sauna rocks? Or the sink?
#myfavmichaeljacksonsongs are all of his songs #heisTHEMAN what is your favorite?
before the first of may
I felt the same way when I heard about local Harry Potter themed improv.
The Tenderness of Simmered Chicken
Straight up
I'm digging this ending to the Grammys.
Who should pay for photography/video of a listing, agent or owner?
The one thing I miss about living in PGH-I didn't feel I needed mace to visit the public library.
Looking at a potential gut rehab in Newbold.
So happy to have you in the office
i know you do:)
Crazy has alighted. Praise. The. Lord.
Bro Courtney :O
Why Thnks QT : I love u all
Can't wait to see at warped this year! These guys kick some serious ass! Seriously, check them out!!
same here. GO PACK GO
I'm snowed in and I'm out of Its going to be a long night.
Someone far away is thinking of you..
Weeks' issue this season, to my untrained eye, has more to do with his bat's lack of time in the hitting zone.
i think some bit me !!
Some1 (correctly) points out Ann Romney has never had a job, every Dem in world has 2 apologize. Nugent calls for Obama's head? Yr move GOP.
I will anchor.
“: SHOUTOUT TO MY LITTLE SISTER MAINTAINING ABOVE A 93 AVERAGE THIS SCHOOL YEAR !!!! Whoot whoot ! Love you baby !!”
nice! Great beaches up there. Have a blast! !
Seemed like they had a bunch, and they're all specialized. I'll have to explore more. Watch for my report!
Need some plans tonight? Head to Eddie George's Grill for $2.25 beer of the month!
McGhee: "Close your eyes and see the world you want."
Patiently waiting *twidiling thumbs*
morning sunshine
At the Paper: Pressed, Stained, Slashed, Folded at MOMA. So excited!
when i heard ur song on the radio i was all who is this?? When i foun out it was you i was freaking out
#CNN: Maurice Sendak, author of "Where the Wild Things Are" has died. He was 83 years old.
Absolutely. Couldn't agree more. “: - trying to remember clutch game where make/break call went our way.”
I really like your style!
Spend your time wisely, life is but a dream
Greetings! It's s pleasure to make your acquaintance.
anything by John Mayer.
Hi V. Checking to see if you get this tweet since you are new to twitter. How are the boys?
I just got Rick Astley'd by Gotye. Dude looks nothing like I'd imagined.
Idk the exact temperature of "hot as balls," but I'm pretty sure my room has reached it.
8 years ago today I became a father! Happy Birthday to the sweetest little girl in the world! I love you Kayla!
Albuquerque, New Mexico is the place to be.
yeah we I was weRteamBeadles I think I changed my twitter name so much! XD lol
yes it was.
I'm gonna be a nervous wreck next week when they announce what's been renewed and cancelled
TY #FF Have a good weekend everyone!
Time out!!!! Did use a new word "MindState" ? Sweet!
Susan, you will be missed, but it will be great if Leah gets to come with Laura!
sorry for the late reply, still having problems?
butofcourse. i wish you were geographically close, lol..
Double M I got G's out in California.
it can work
Awesome! Thanks! I dig Joe Purdy too....
I hate the rain!!
Even after I speed by a cop, and he doesn't pull me over, it takes me 15 minutes to finally believe he won't.
Marshall and Branch in a landslide. Decker's value is limited with Tebow at QB
real tired colorguard practice -_- wore me out
Tough times never last, tough people do
MY BODY IS READY
im not getting no msg from you.
Everyone vote for Jessica and Joshua!!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked are you a virgin?
#Christmas Cards are going out of stock fast but we still have some Assorted Xmas Card Sets that contain your favorites:...
Thanks for a lovely evening! i LOVE that you can have food delivered! Great way to have "dinner and a movie (or two!)"
gotta have MKG on that roster
Purely Decadent coconut ice cream is so good!! Have you ever tried it? Dare I say it may even rival cows ice cream?
The moment where cognition precedes physicality...MindFirstFitness.
Thank you for the RT on Mike's blog.
In the jungle. So many frogs & sounds I've never heard before.
RT : Hey UT! Brown bag it today over to at lunch to see the UT Chamber Singers 12pm
run baby run where ever you'll be.
it's all good
my first pick or the 1st best day of my life? Lol
More I enjoy
I still dont see why. But I love you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Congratulations and bright sparkly wishes for your future adventures!
So I'm moving to Texas for a year...
My mind is at war with my lonely heart. Time passes & only hope remains. Will I ever find peace of mind? Will my heart ever be satisfied?
Create social groups through social platforms to reach people who would never go to your church #wfx wfxweb.com/live
apparently there is an show at the art institute of an artist who dissects and displays security envelopes.
So damn excited to listen to the new album. I needed this!
#Idol shocker
that is true. I'm biased, but still doesn't top who is looking dirtier and better than ever with his facial hair.
c'mon like heinz even if he is evil
Wise people in history never agree with ideologies that deprive, impoverish, or dehumanize anyone!
Happy Friday! Thanks for the mention!
its not like youre actually gonna follow me so no
Selena Gomez: Who says you dont pass the test? Me: Coach Hill.
Breaking: Komen realizes the country is bigger than Texas.
lmao ! you actually did it ? ahaha !
Kinna miss you:-)
At George Mason"s 40th anniversary gala at the Patriot center. They are the nations best growth model for a university.Two words:Til Hazel.
ill text you it.
Got a valentines day card from my mom... I've been caught up over hoes, but the one girl who will never leave is mom
How well does your team work together?
Summer work? I dunno. The past 15y of my life have been education. 15y ago I worked restaurants. I'm old for a summer job. :(
up early and my timeline is dead. gonna surf the web for a new j-o-b
Anyone in Louisville?
Dreams come true with space and time.
text me
Its a sad day .... its a sad day. I'm just glad I didn't waste two hours in San Lorenzo waiting in line for the losing ticket
Nicole are you following me? I can't DM until your following me...
how much are ringside seats
yes this hurts but it must be done
there are so many people on my TL that are bullshitting ..
Camera Fun Time: find 2 people interacting and shoot. With or without their permission up front makes a big difference in how they act.
Thank you.
Why can't things just work out
I'm free Donnie McClurkin! Free from that HETEROsexual demon that had me bound! MY TRUTH SETS ME FREE.
Thanks, been sleeping all afternoon. Working on getting back to 100%!
We carry Bertch Legacy, Custom, & Bath. We also carry Wellborne Forest & IKS
RT : SDSU station closed while bomb squad reviews suspicious package. Expect to reopen 3 pm; buses providing service during closure.
I hate when people tweet the same crap over and over again,
Kept going back and back and back lol.
If you buy the Galco copy of the Supertuck, you are dead to me.
I got hair shit lol I'm broke
there will be a recording, i'll post it here when it's available :)
QUESTION: is there such a thing as a ginger inspired lip balm?
Thank you! Very interesting-librarians need to know what's being taught or we can't help.
about to enjoy a delicious steak dinner with the mark
Im so hungry..i cant wait to get out dis hospital
HAPPY 18th BIRTHDAY..
I texted him to do it when he wakes up and he replied fast so he's probably up
...im trying to sleep you hoe
there should definatly be a butter named after me because im so smoth xD
she deserves a good slap!
yes, yes. Need y'all out here :-) a lot to ask, hope you guys do
thanks ma!! Lolling bc i read your tweets in your voice
Thank you!
The bond I have with my siblings is arguably the deepest most profound love I've ever felt
I need to hang with my besties soon!
Without cheating, who knows the name of Cheerios' bumble bee?
There are times when I wish the world was my punching bag.
Woo... Amazing song. Amazing energy. Very marketable. Inspiring story. You got my vote!
Headed all da way back to work for a safety briefing while I drive bk in da rain, ain't that sum ishhhh
im all day nigga AM to the PM
CW cancels 'Ringer' and not even a word from Sarah Michelle Gellar. She's silent. Vibrate.
Its all good cause im bad, i just be fallin' for the wrong N*ggas.
please clean up your mess. thanks.
finna start smokin papers sike papers all day blunts is to much
All you wanted by shows so much of what im going through right now..
Root Sports across NW and for everyone else: MLS Direct Kick or MatchDay Live online RT any way to watch game outside of Oregon?
"I be up in the gym just working on my fitness." #Kick + #Punch =
YES! Battledecks is awesome fun!
I'm beautiful in my way 'cause God makes no mistakes..
I think George Takei should be in charge of something.
we host a Rays watch party every game...come check us out when in town...new hot spot for locals! GO RAYS!!!
yea that would be bad
One who is too insistent on his own views finds few to agree with him.
and beer if u have the tits for it
Awesomest name for a painting-- "Battle of the Nudes".
Friends are like bras. They are close to your heart and give lots of support.
chicagobulls Thank you for everything fans. We all know Chicago has the best fans in the world!
have any extra tickets for this weekend? I would love to take them off your hands!
Friends who keep secrets<<<< WTF
smashed it tonight. Damn.
Why yes, internet stranger... it is. Is yours?
...and now our plane has a fuel leak. the waiting game continues...someone owes me a cookie.
Yeah, I found that on XWT a few weeks ago.
you're welcome! I bet you never got over 4 likes before! Love u!
Please follow me:D
yo. Why didn't anyone tell me peezy was on TV today? I thought it was tomorrow smh #fml and he's hoopin+trending?
We discussed the ways in which race was both performative and ascribed, as a critique of the Rational Actor working in markets.
#Thechangeup - Mitch to his five year old getting bullied. "Put the whore on her back, and shank her!""Always solve problems with violence!"
and people are rocking here on W 6th! Packed house. Tacos & Beer.
Tim Tebow is gonna drink so much..........milk tonight.
i wanna go to the loop this weekend
This is NOT Castle. =(
Twitter test
yeah that works to. :)
Camp weekend! Time to get better! Peace Love and Pride!
What happened to ur dog shabbir....Why isnt he barking...?
Problem with pacific timezone: if I stay up that little bit later, I get all the UK morning news. But then I wake up later 2moro
or do.. anything
Collection is FREE OPEN ACCESS download (pdf), but please consider buying one or more physical copies as a donation towards future projects
Please, VU, end this DeMarini madness and sign with a real bat company next year.
it looks so bad -- really sad because I loved #SweetHomeAlabama so much
talking to my cousin
As long as foods involved, I'm fine w/ whatever :)
I need more examples, syllabi for incorporating #dh into grad courses. suggests grant writing.
This is the point that some would say "this a brand new ballgame", but that makes no sense.
lost a bet
Definition of hostage: Given or held as security for the fulfillment of certain conditions or terms, promises, etc., by another.
Of all the incentivized states, I wonder why I haven't been offered a job in Georgia or Louisiana.
Went to buy gloves 50% off. Cashier run up full price & asked if I wanted the left or the right glove.
I'm always up til like 2 am. Damn
Getting a mortgage can be tough these days -- even people with near-perfect credit
Spotted while enqueued for the previously mentioned concert: license plate "MINKCAR"
MQFTD: Life's most persistent and urgent question is... "What ate you doing for others?" ~MLK
I wish was here with me right now!
how the F do you make those collages? I just got instagram for my droid but am clearly missing something! Oh, cool, btw.
It's sad how quick people can just forget about you, until they want something from you
If you like teh laughs, follow these five.
If you really are tough theres no need to put on a front
i'm not able to watch my brother's show so you need to for me. abc channel 6 news! be dazzled by his producer skills.
Pumped to hear is coming to The Palace May 23rd!
That's awesome.
Can't Wait To See All My Friends, I've Missed Them Like Crazy. =)
Nah, that's believable! You do look 20ish.
Really not liking this game. Come on BRONCOS!!!!!
1 serving oatmeal, fresh black berries, and 2 egg whites. Now off to M6. Elevate!!!
James Harden in a Rockets uniform. So nice.
Lol Phil got my man Jeffery he must have read my tweets
via funny JS hacks, the average bib record payload in our catalog is now half what it was; and fewer redirects. And I like the tags better
The best part of new album is they didnt try to conform to whats on the radio. They just made good music.
RT if you are excited of #Believe || keep scrollin if not ||
More surprising: #Discover integration into #PunkinChunkin or 2 hrs l8r I'm still watching #PunkinChunkin?
Hawks helped him to look THAT special. Still waiting for Hawks to shoot high short side. No rebounds or traffic. Not smart.
Have fun and enjoy! I thought it was aweeeessommmeee!
We're developing curriculum at Pitt inspired by DIL work - train the trainer. Liaisons key.
Back in the office and so ready for 2012! Lots of work, trips and concerts to look forward too :) Happy Tuesday everyone!
Monday 2 marrow:(
"don't flaunt what you don't have" the wise words of aubrey
You're my moon, my stars, my galaxy...lol.
Join us at the Tutt Branch every Wednesday in March at 10:30am for Storytime! Ages 5 and younger.
Slicing, dicing, chopping, and whipping up dinner.
Christmas Break Is NEAR! Lol, actually, PRETTY NEAR. Just one day until Christmas Break and that day is...........(Drumroll) FRIDAY!. =] [=
Taking a nap before work!
Y'all are saying stay safe because she has a restraining order on someone??!? Who we should be worried about is CAITLIN! ugh smh
Free favorites from the Mac App Store
Had an amazing time at the Metro Leadership One Day! Thank you and host !
Yikes, one is more than enough for most.
Yes! +1 on the library coffee delivery service!
when it comes to the man running our country and no one can give a legit answer on where he's from. Its a problem
To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace."
DALLAS AND FORT WORTH ARE TRENDING! Come to our #BlacklightPartyOct22 and bring your high school ID, follow to win tickets!!!
Translate the passion you have for your own success, your own products, your own dreams & goals<U+FFFD>
Mixed messages - social groups encourage participation in social / political / religious online, but not jobseekers nor businesses
Awe, what the heck? :(
Very impressed with the intelligence and commitment od #dailyiown editors and staff.
Happy Easter everybody !
These tweets just made a crappy layover so much better! :-)
haven't followed your background, but how hard it is to switch from c+ to a java based language?
Medicare or a diabetes association offering "free" diabetic supplies in exchange for senior's Medicare or financial info. Please alert!
We agree! Ignacio's a gem.
RT : PREHEAT > Miami heat
Hey Doc, Do you have a cure for the Lakers? Or are they #plagued !?
Like Boca the fake chicken, because that sounds fantastic.
Hey, I can't buy the little trees but I can get the other supplies.
Congratulations! RT : UCLA Library receives major gift for project focused on ephemeral media of Middle East...
Sometimes you have to get to know someone really well to realize you're really strangers. ~ Mary Tyler Moore
Whatever holiday you celebrate this season may you enjoy the love and comfort of your friends and family.
I am the Lord your God who upholds your right hand, who says to you, "Do not fear, I will help you." -Isaiah 41:13
jahaha school is just weird. Well my Internet is lagging. Bye
If I was made up of alter egos, it would be Joey and Phoebe from Friends.
Sounds like a plan! :)
Tired of #sunsentinel never highlighting the #flapanthers. Quit buying this paper til they give the prime space
got to follow us! Our biggest Twitter accomplishment yet. Thanks for the props buddy
I say with everything. and just scrolled down your TL, and I'm puzzled how I didn't realize that sooner.
i can make a mess like nobody's business...
22 year-old roommate failed my 7th grade Ancient Rome test. I can't tell if I am proud of that, or scared it is too hard....
Hey Tasha FOLLOWERS:)
ha bootleg heating pad! I forgot! U saved my life last time! Lol
At a supporters meeting for
Miss her!<3
#ThingsIDislike when ppl stare. Did your mom teach you any manners? Speak or something dang.
rec was good 6-2 pretty good for a bad night
Noticing that tweets my bestfriend & not me <<<
I thought the ELO station on Pandora might be totally awesome, but I was so, so wrong.
This nigga IZ in my basement sleep like a li'bitch.
Amazon Fresh is a better alternative
I know! I was just listening to it!! :-) I love Maroon 5
I wondered about this point--who is choosing the selection of books on these tablets?
Thank you, IRW!
Today, May 30 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: Josh & Rebekeh Weigel | Producer's | Listen: latalkradio.com | Channel 1
ya know what its called when a chick shows up drunk and climbs the fence at Tommy Lee's house ?? Tuesday
Not having Facebook feels very strange.
Fly you fools!!
When someone asks you to tutor them an hour before the exam. Just say no.
#ItSeemsLike hella females going gay. Im sorry i cant NEVER stop loving Men (:
take notes or tweet it for me. I'm in line for book signing. This line is DEEP!
x)... Lmao i was bored so i grabbed tape and ducttaped it to the wall xD... Yup
Ima make her a card that says happy mothers day in macaroni lmao
lmfao nah niccarash I'm renting one lol...u should do it!
Check out: Freelance Hair and Makeup Studio $99 Brazilian Blowout ($250 value): www.dailygroupsavings.com
Judge Payne: "There is no rest for us in this field. It's not going to slow down. We must learn to manage in and during the chaos."
: very carefully. As soon as I make one, the zombies try to eat it.
When life gives you Austin Mahone, take him and run.
This is the way my PhD coursework ends: not with a bang but a whimper.
xD I don't know ?!
#OnceYou the only thing real, you the only thing fake
Oh, I was. I'll shout next time I'm in Dville.
hoe/housewife, double-life.
I love laughing till I cry, which is everyday of my life.
TRSDAILY has a new interview. jordan talks about his tumblr! like he ever posts stuff. liar!!!!
I love that is a mark!
Homeward-bound for the holidays! Austin - here I come! Happy Holidays everyone!
And also: is it possible to out-act Guy Pearce?
#iLikePeopleWho dflflisfifjdsvfsilfjisfdjifsfijsldfsdijfnvvnsdjlld...and keep a conversation going like this for hours. <3
Hey Lebron's Mom won't have to go far for some action this weekend.
RT A few more tickets to our Off-Menu Best of Burger Bash tomorrow were just released. GET EM QUICK! ThrillistNYC
Probably would not end well ..... I'll pass. BUT THANKS!! RT : Try a shot of Jack in it......
idk if we are talking about the same thing
hey did u take wiz verse off his song or was that his song and u added ya verse?
Yep, definitely agree. They said it burns faster I wonder what the net environmental effect is taking into account shipping etc.
i'm with you!
Love is always worth fighting for.
Fuck bitches, smoke weed, eat cereal.
It came with this microphone I bought. Sonic? Something like that.
TurnToYou on the #BelieveTour is going to be like Up. He's just going to have a guitar, floating around the audience. Touching our hearts.
What All Fortune Cookies Should Say: You are about to take a dump in 10 minutes.
once again. He's the most powerful man in america. If he has the balls to say it then other politicians will too.
CLG is a little cockeyed!
#TouronFire is going to melt faces in Nashville tonight. Do you think they'll notice a tour bus sneaking by security to watch?
One of those days where I'm not motivated enough to work on the #dissertation, but not motivated enough to do anything else, either
I can talk myself into almost any multiple choice answer.
6 turnovers Kobe really ... Juco guard playing ass nigga man.
Looking forward to the #draft starting tonight. Can the #Bears get a first rounder right this year?
If no one knows who then their crazy! He is a amazing singer! <3
Big ups to - named NLL's Offensive Player of Week ... and - named NLL's Rookie of the Week.
moi aussi! x RT : I love coffee shop music.
NICE <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> & yeah, you can come over on friday!
#Stocks close out the worst week of the year. #Dow loses 1.5% for the week. S&P drops 1.9%, #Nasdaq slides 2.2%
so do you need seo help?
RT : Headed to Nashville to write another anthem with ! [always a great write with U, Chaz!]
Where are you?
Hi my name is Amy .
Yo that nigga' nice. I was fuckin' wit his lyrics yesterday after I saw some of his music videos.
Damn, Felix Hernandez is really really good. 5 k's first time through the #Rockies order.
there's no where in the world i rather be than in here in my room dreamin!!!
Ah break time! Now to wait for my Chinese food
What are you doing tomorrow?
I'll be in L.A. 18-21. Will you be there? Text me!
it should be on next "Operation Oliver"
Please let me know if WSYX is on Twitter, if you ever find out...thanks!
I'm using the View Later feature like a short-term bookmark instead of leaving 15 tabs open. It's great!
You must have watched another clip then. Make sure you were watching Bering sea gold not Vampire Diaries or something.
I'm NOT obsessed with him!!
#machinegunkelly I'ma wild boy I'ma I'ma wild boy
clearing queues, writing views, and looping do's in boating shoes
glad we're on your lips
Amber Kush, Strawberry Haze,Jamacian Gold Bud!!! Whhhheewwww...I'm jii turned on thinkin about this new loud!!!.
a few places are closed, but Joe Squared, Liam's, Bohemian, Windup and others are all open.
pretty sure he apologized for those Rodgers reports anyway. Maybe the thing he made up about Brady Quinn playing?
This is great news!
as in Latino art networks and stuff, which is my day job
Window mannequins. Get out of my face. I think you're rapists and am arming myself with pepper spray. PREPARE TO DIE.
I'm so excited for today's Roger Neal Style Beauty and Couture Suite! Get your beauty on at the L'Ermitage Hotel in Beverly Hills all day.
Thank you so much! Drop a line and we'll grab a workout
Shut up! Karl Rove is upset because POTUS is being presidential? It's only taken 3 years for Obama to reverse 8 years of failed GOP policy.
I can try.flame live in his own world tho.lol
It's I <U+2665> GT Week! Really, we're not much different than most people you love. We appreciate flowers, chocolate, and large monetary donations
um txt back
There are better ways to get my attention than throwing a rock at my window... Maybe since the window is open, saying "hello"
Life does not come with instructions on how to live, but it does come with trees, sunsets, smiles and laughter. - Ed and Deb Shapiro
"Midges" mentioned on the YES broadcast. Take a drink, Yankees fans.
You should join my group on Linkedin ThoseInFilms
Does #facebook ever give a reason? All I hear is "shut up, it's not like you're paying for it" :-X
*points at Hulk* Hulk you smash
Oh God, barfing………….
I bike LA! I think I covered every corner of the city today. Burrito time!
#realtalk...“ “ People who are out and accepting of their sexual orientation live happier and more fulfilled lives.””
yeah...it's mob talk!! Come on, your dad is from Bensonhurst!! You gotta know what that means!! Lol
they all suck he needs new ones !!!
Watch what the bleep!
#bbc The introduction of a British Film Week is among proposals put forward by Lord Smith to help capitalise on "a golden period" of UK cin
Chasing the elusive. Sleep.
Well. I'm leaving tomorrow....
Want to watch the event but no. My computer has to be so laggy that it won't work. Can there be a meetup in Austin please?
I'LL DRIVE YOU! :D
Walmart Store Events Bring NASCAR Race Time Savings to Richmond Starting April 24
Rest in peace heavy D you will be missed
So excited to go to the Grammy's tomorrow as music on the red carpet mofos! Plus an awesome after party
RT “: Here's to a having to a great Monday! :)” Yes, #Cheers!
I need a halloween costume. ASAP.
Sad but true ): at least I know no teacher is in it for the money...unless their a prof.
Happy Sunday! We hope everyone is enjoying their weekend!
Across the country, premiums have more than doubled in the last decade, with smaller companies particularly hard hit in recent years,
Shopped at the flea market & Funky Arts & Crafts Show in Ft. Worth. Best craft show I've been to! Now time for patios & beers.
& ya'll know I love Justin but dont sit there and lie saying he was flawless cuz he sounded bad and messed up. & then have the fucken (c)
It is about time I get drunk in the Caribbean again.
You're very welcome.
lol w/e I'm pretty good. Just came from the gym, in bed watching BGC now lol
ohh .. i thought your phone was still dead, you finally got a charger?
I'm glad I forgot about cinco de mayo this year. I would've felt like it would've taken forever to get here but now its here and I'm excited
It's 5 here!
= Entrepreneurship. Denim. America...Yea, smells like #manliness! Possible cross-promo with our new Tampa brothers?
the pictures me & my sister too yesterday are soo cute ^_^
Barbara Walsh Speaks about her new Book, August Gale: A Father and Daughter's Journey into the Storm". 12/7 @ noon in the Rines!
Kill it (@ youngdolph) a time 2 kill
No folks, there's not a filter on your tv broadcast - Anthony Davis really is fouling on every possession in the post
Aha~ that explains it! :) RT : Re: QR code - It's just the gadget seeker in us overriding the practicality of them!
I don't think I can it has to be near Chicago IL my mom is not gonna bring me all the way over there
don't give a fuck about the money cars clothes
i followed her! plz follow me and and and <3 thanks i love 1D
You looked gorgeous at those golden globes last night :)
Grammys are tonight! For musicians, it's our Super Bowl haha :)
Casey Anthony. What an awful terrible no-good person.
Hope it stops raining .
Go follow me
#genius an ice cream place (delicious) open till late
Top score on the Louie Drink test 99.5% - thanks to Angelina for helping me study until 2am.... Go flashcards!
RT : It's sad that the has a good chance of being closed next week, which is National Library Week
#75 | Because we are ready for change... Real Change!
You're welcome. I even could watch Chip-wrecked with my kids thanks to you.
Pointless apology/ I'm good I'm gone
Why do songwriters always feel like it's necessary to burdon us with their problems, and opinions, and "dreams for a better tomorrow"?
The book is fantastic, and due out in mid- to late-May! Thx to Dawn for the excellent Foreword!
/// Well you'd be ready to dip too, after a nigga insists on paying you and just disappears LMAO...I know I would.
What I like is the transparency & the way it can bring ppl together. We nd mr places like this, real & virtual.
Walked about 2mi for the NAMISA walk at Kino sports center, great people, music food
Two days later, with my lack of hair styling skill, I'm still living my cut from I'm officially a convert.
Looking forward to meeting #UMiami students at 's EPIC program today!
Best Day EVER!
So much for a good spring break. I might as well be in school
Running like a got damn cheetah. To get home and have the last piece of chicken. Is tragic cause mostly somebody gonna get it. Smh.
On draft: Helltown Idle Hands DIPA, All Saints IPA, Lavery La Bealtaine, Sour Mash, Flying Dog Disobedience & Duchesse
Thanks! She must've sensed my Scottish ancestry
11 hours of football on couch with mcdonalds =
. I oppose SOPA and PIPA. A child could get around them. They are one step from being censorship.
I'm following back
Needless to say, I now triple check myself every time I wear a skirt!
there has to be a separate hearing if the defense wishes to go that route.
"I'll Have Another" is just too long a name for a Disney movie name.
these last few days of freshmen year have been HELL
I'm inside the DC beltway.
Unrelated question: can I get all my 'fat clothes' back from Plato's Closet?
no, he is still mad cuz he cant get any. he needs to go to bed
Anyone but Martin. Hell, bring back Ian Moran for all I care, just no more #7 RT Despres! About damn time.
Ethics, too, are nothing but reverence for life
on a webinar about networking to the 100 people you should know but don't. Expanding the noodle <3
RT Back when downloading a song or a game took like 3 days.
It would make my night if you followed me? Please?
wow just met Pat Farmer during his 13,000 mi run from pole to pole! What an inspiration and hero for the #RedCross. LML
I follow the following :)
#Bingo starts in 15 minutes!!
#askbrian When you come to Pittsburgh how about doing guest vocals on one of my songs? I have 1 called Train to Jersey.
Next term I'm taking classes on anarchist history/theory, bell hooks, spanish, and queer studies. STOKED.
So, it's a win-win situation, right?
LOVE this SO much! Shared it with my bad-a$$ flour-throwing friend.
never heard it, but do despise it.
Late night run to the store for some ice cream!
I've missed twitter dearly but time to get back to making it happen.
imagine if you were truman.
Amber Live featuring 10PM-1AM tonight! Performing hits from his new album "I'm All Over it"
you know we love you!
You are so cute.
more savings would be nice!!
Rain, rain, go away!
I need to fuck
u can come! its at my house and its next friday night like around 9 or so.its for early bday!
how?! Lol txt or online?
Down to go to a pit bull concert
yes! Look for the lady in the red pants :-)
Is celebrating the house she and r got by drinking Boone's...bc now we're broke. Two for five!
Happiness is the final destination
it was a killer day!
Oakland is showing you all how to fight imperialism.
Will you be excited or annoyed if Facebook announces Timelines for business pages tomorrow?
Social media has organic limits. Participation is an effort beyond simple broadcast entertainment media, less passive.
Tyra banks and Drake are dating !!?? :/ say bible right now !!
Liverpool really think they will get Pep, Klop and other big coaches to come there? hahahaha
Are you on the GASH team?
Roman Holiday
too bad the cover girl stylists can't be with us all the time?
Modern acting begins with honesty.
tomorrow back to studio with it's awesome working with her. Stay awesome guys! :)
the best is when you see it on Nickeloden
Has a bad tummy ake from eating to much chips and candy. Feel like puking
how about the fact that ten years ago he said we must have universal healthcare?
Vodafone retailer event a big draw
thanks. So far so good. How does Ebook apply to the Construction industry??
Clint Eastwood as the voice of a future America confused me until I remembered that new ideas need old (people-) buildings
bacon this week?
Happy New Year! Let's make 2012 the best year yet!
One guy has been able to change my lifestyle and he had to move 500 miles away.. I need to find another one like him..
I hate when things like Justin Is our Flawless Idol trends cause he's not flawless, he's our idol forsure but I love him for his flaws.
oh no, angry birds space is the bomb!
We had a blast last night at the verge And can't wait to meet some new friends at kc's tonight in Fredericksburg
I'd love to hear what you think afterwards! Working on starting a mobile campaign this summer.
Anyone know off-hand? RT : Do you know, by chance, whether [Commonwealth] is taking reservations?
Leonard Lopate Show podcasts save the day.
So I started watching Mad Men. Good stuff.
rumor has it that you guys are back together
Nick Knight! <3
See you soon! Have a safe trip. :)
so i've been takling to her about her i can become involved in that project - i've actually got to call her today.
People, where is the love here?... *sigh*
Dylan, I hope you feel better :( Take it easy.
Do you ever get excited about the weather and then realize you were looking at Cupertino instead of Chicago?
Full-Color Banners, Displayed horizontally, vertically, indoors or out. Banners are a versatile and cost-effective way to get seen!
KEEP DOING WHAT CHA DOING MAN!!
Watching my child hood movie "A bug's life"
Welcome to the Official Twitter site for Hollywood Tans Los Angeles! Located in the heart of Hollywood, CA. Stop by and see us today!
right?! it's so easy to be all tough behind a computer screen! ;)
FOLLOW ME ARI ARI FOLLOW ME OMG FOLLOW MI.
Idk y but i just got pissed off all of a sudden >:[
thanks for the follow! Love that you're reppin' Boston!
Woke up with a smile cause I know that today is going to be a good day!!!
No shite! Dude's blind! : What's the world coming 2 when I can't charm a bartender? D: Take off your sweater.
simple answer, I don't know
ok I'll do that
Thank you to all who atended out Grand Opening. We appreciate all our volunteers!
How are you doing?
Thinks should go to Deadwood South Dakota. look it up! The sherifs chair is suppost to be haunted, the ol' west times :))
Regrdless of what my kid got everythin he needs so ya could all suck it .
Top of da morning ... yard is open !!! have a safe day ..
Need a female R&B vocalist ft. on a hook on my upcoming project............Hit me up if interested
ah. Noted.
July brought Las Vegas its 17th straight month of visitation and room rate gains, according to numbers released today.
"He can't play! He can't play!"
Hurrying up and doing the dishes so i can watch my Peyton on #shortywards Good Luck Pey! I really hope you win!
Setup & ready @ wedding in Joliet w/ We don't play for another 3hrs & no booze. Like Petty said, "Waiting's the hardest part."
Can't believe Gumtree.com technical hitch. All photographs on all property adverts disappeared and they don't know when it will be fixed!.
Bought a part at menards yesterday - $2.51, need another so I ran to - $4.36 Same Part, Same Manufacturer
Thanks & yes we are - Theresa <3
Dude nice! What all did you download?? You guys got the chairlift album yet? Im thinking of downloading it...
the fat blue fox waslked past the boring dog.
where you
#PlayersBetterThanNunez anyone who can field a grounder
Thanks for the love for #WaitingForLefty! Hope to see you when you're out here :)
Thanks to everyone who came out and made our Washington Park clean-up a success! Beautiful day in our city's beautiful park system.
Also doubles as a lighthouse, so sounds like it'll be very well lit.
<U+279C> 2011 Mack Avenue Records Shines at Radio: 4 #1 albums, 12 top-ten albums, 4 Grammy Nominations. thx groov and congrats all around!
Oh I should get Shakespeare's books
Dear #DowntownDining, Thank You! :)
Cheese flavored pretzels are addicting.
Non profits have become our surge capacity for emergency management -Bill Waugh (yesterday) through Scott Robinson (today)
Getting up. Church today! Thank you Jesus.
Happy valentine's day! Yes, I missed it by an hour.
Hello Ang my wife loves you to death ... I know a family in Brooklyn that know looking forward to meeting you..
it's fine! See ya soon
news on the scholarship?
when will you be in Miami bro?
Vanessa ... dexterous modes of concealment
BGs for drinks with the ladies then to the Harp to meet Bitty then off to SF to see the Roots <3 benchville
That's a pretty sweet guitar you got there in your profile picture!! Wow!!! Nice Texans sticker too!
#BOYFRIEND 5minutes !! Never been so excited !! >.<
nigga I was never sleep lol
This Friday #GrandPrixWeekend is gonna be too ILL! presented by
Shit getting real on #revenge Emily and Victoria getting it. Poor Sammy :(
Off to for meeting, maybe a lil sun at the cabanas poolside!
Siri likes calm voices and your voice well... Isn't very calm at any time. So I'm pretty sure you should just tipe it.
from our estimates, around 1,500 - there's no definitive list though. Yet ;)
I love how the thunder fans dont sit down until they score. I think thats cool
Just read about your big move. How exciting! Phil and I are going back to the UK next year - adventures all round!
ROTFLMAO! YES!!! I agree too!
Should be fun! Ill get back to you on Monday!
Happy New Year!
` juss braided two braids down the side in my hair, something to keep it tamed until i can straighten it lol
Congrats on making 332 calls tonight Michael! Keep up the good work!
I know why yu don't wanna be anybody else, cause yur dating and that's every girls dream (:
I hear crickets...
same. thinkin' Lakefront, later...
Yes it does! I'm tired! I don't want any caffeine bc then I'll really be up all hours of the night. Lol.
Making Funfetti cupcakes
Congrats! Hard work pays off!
was raised by leprechauns
my pleasure man. Gratz on the wrap.
Thank you for always sending great 'WORDS' of encouragement. I really appreciate you & your support~BAMM.
Tip of the day: if you are walking with someone then you just have to look one way to cross the street.
I just realized that I may have one of the finest collections of Richard Brautigan works in the world.
I know! Crazy! #socialmedia rocks! Great way of informing.
HELL TO THE FUCKING NO SAM!
OK--we were at Wings and Things very briefly to see It was packed and daughter was hungry. Did u go?
Eric Hellman is up w/ "The Network is Overrated". Be sure to check out Interesting ideas
I think democracy has flourished for hundreds, if not thousands, of years without any of those things.
Mark Barron step in looking like money, yellow diamonds everywhere, u swear he bout to yell out "Brick Squad" lol
I want in on the Casa Vega night!
We in Queebeck, y'all! Tomorrow, we're getting up early for some creepy jam-bones
everyone have a great saturday... Dont drink and drive... Fiesta Safe
Thinking about anklets and you made me buy a ticket to Chicago finally. Pick me up at 1:30 on the 17th at ORD por favor. xo
My mom runs a non-profit zoo and Betsy the sloth is one of my fave critters! I love, love your idea!
See you soon texas
How often do you persist and which scheme do you use?
...I need to do it again as well. My closet runneth over!
Happy Drink with Your Family Day!! What will be your libation of choice?
Thanks for your tweet. Robin, your website looks great!
We were founded under a simple moment...artists...not want-a-bees...they be bees in the trap! I make the honey
Q: What's your favorite day to go shop?
Music can change the world because it can change people. -- Bono
Sex In The Shower, Call That Bath & Body Works! ;))
Glad to have you on board Thom “: I had my first ARXFIT #workout with Thanks to for exposing me to it!
Bitch, you wasn't with me roasting coffee!
Blessings to you sis!
This the third day in a row I had papa johns for dinner smh
Too much makeup cannot conceal internal insecurities.
thanks for the rt!
if anyone that i ever wanted to respect me found my twitter i would carve a hole in the ground, find a big rock, and live like patrick star
Happy for the guy, but devastating for a Chargers fan RT Buccaneers agree with WR Vincent Jackson on 5-year, $55.55m deal
thank you LBK for the RT. :)
car-day-NAS, but the emphasis is on rolling the r & also how to say the y.
When blogging, it's good to include a picture with your post to grab the reader's attention.
are you tryin to
If you still use dialup on your computer and you have to use the library computer you might be a digital redneck!
TSOI-LA spent the evening checking out Point Juncture, WA. Great show!
oh . . . cool i guess « idk every body talking bout something at a lunch tomorrow»
Thinking about getting my nose pierced. Opinions would be great!
what's up Bro ? End of week go look at gym ?
That which you are reaching toward is also reaching out toward you - intenders - just open your arms to receive it.
only dude in the NBA that still has baby fat
seriously! I'm pasty. #ghost. Church... Sunday 12-2 for this girl! Haha then back to the normal time Monday!
Okay ..to sleep I go! I don't really feel good :(
live vegas thru their tweets! follow & as they invade VEGAS this weekend w/ Bud Light Lime-A-Rita
When discussing projects, how often do I end the conversation with "I'll let you know when or if it's ever finished."
Of course you do! everyone does
Owweeee #Oomf mite b in trouble
Thanks so much, I wish you could, too. Take care.
NYE Salsa Party at La Fogata tonight!! $10 admission all night. Live band Grupo Wepa!
Anyone having any FREE advertising or sweet deals in Vegas? Call us 702.979.4424 Las Vegas HCG
im gonna live my life, no matter what we party tonight!<U+2665>
iswear iam a damn good girlfriend , but the second ifeel suspicious .. iam a living hell
Time keeps on ticking ticking ticking into the future... now its in your head yw
U G L Y You ain't go no alibi You ugly you you UGLY ;))
: down with DRM. Doesnt hurt sales. Agreed!
I was really looking forward to this summer... Not much anymore..
welcome back! Looks like y'all had a blast.
Congratulations ! You've won 2 tickets! We are giving away a pair of tickets every day this week!
Loved it. Longest shot maybe by a #Met this season. Mark Reynolds and Adam Dunn hit two epic homers last season at Citi.
LOL I have an idea for a legal app I would like to develop w you.
hello there! thank you so much my friend~ have a great day as well :)
Pandora is a beautiful thing. Cartel came on my The Summer Set station and Good Charlotte just came on my Marianas Trench station. This ...
...and THAT is awesome! Looking forward to it!
lol that's no good my boy
... it seems to me that agile project development practices address problems that shouldn't exist in the first place
there's more of those FF's to come.
Awesome! So glad yall were in! “ 1st #GAAD was truly amazing. We participated in #SanDiego SemWeb Meetup" Thanks !
I have zero tolerance for intolerance.
RT Corny jokes are funny lol Not corny people. Had to add that.
In bed jammin to frank ocean .
OK, so if you have a million followers does it defeat the point?...so many, you can't even read their twits, it becomes one way only, lame
Christmastime has just begun! :)
Think I'll also make the man homemade biscuits with sausage gravy for his breakfast. Yum!.....What diet? ;)
“: HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!” Happy Birthday!!!
Every time I hear rider by future, I think about that day me & was the lyrics to every song we could think of.. lol
John: My kids are gonna be screwed up.
#YouNeedToBreakUpIf its an one way relationship
Jordynnn just got taken out of class because of stupid kids writing threats
but like...why
It's still processing, but I'm pretty sure this Strawberry Vanilla Bean jam is better than the Strawberry Balsamic one.
#dhtrial elevator alarm in the court.
Worked my butt off this semester!
& this "if he could articulate reasons for the main-line party people to embrace him. (I actually thought there were reasons.."
Although we don't know you, we think that you are definitely brave enought to try Set a goal...meet that goal!
RT : Yo!!! I met him b4. over heard the others call him ”Swift Darkness” lolol// Lolololol retarded
damn, does Quentin Harris tweet...on of the best remixers out along with Dennis Ferrer
I like it! He almost did at the end of the 3rd! RT : Patrick Sharp will
can't wait to start (x
Can we just like go on a late night drive and not come back or.
I will be there on Saturday! I am thinking of letting the boys be boys on Friday but not sure. What about you?
Thats how The Landers "roll em up!" :-)
Women's n Children staffer says they are now seeing some 3rd generation drug abusers - cultural thing now...
She said iconic boyz.....dead.
Or Bunk "F**k me!!!" BTW, The Wire is the greatest show of all time.
A woman came in yesterday and said "What should I read?" We spent 20 minutes walking around choosing. *Book lover heaven!* She bought three.
Nope, sorry! I can't. Just generally laughing...
so i followed that guy you tweeted!(: do you actually know him, or justa twitttttah friend?
hehe. your welcome ;)
u are the king of rap brub :)
Soups of the day:Chicken Pastina, Cream of Potato with Bacon, tortellini brodo, ravioli Florentine, Beef Barley, Split Pea!!!
Homemade Chinese turkey meatballs with fresh ginger, bok choy & yum sauce. With beer. & cookies
U should rub a cupcake from on ur foot since they won't Follow-No more until they do! We always promoted them :(
Originality is the art of concealing your source. ~ Franklin P. Jones
The Merrimac ferry opens for the season at 3 p.m. Mild weather contributes to early start.
Big day in a pressman's life; congratulations on your new enormous super heavy baby. Good luck getting it in & set up!
On my way to West Virginia!!
Javon Jackson at this weekend. Wish I didn't have to be at a party tonight. Maybe I can convince our guests tomorrow to go!
You've always been a giver.
RT it <<Follow the new page>>
White was the most useless crayon color.
Tweet #1! Coming soon...early screening and intervention for autism on the road in Los Angeles. Stay tuned for more tweets and info!!!
Not death of critic but death of ability to make a living as a critic. Good that livelihood iis ndependent of criticism
Our television sets in our offices are now turned off of your show Vinnie,Laughing about that poor murdered child Movie! sick
THIS!!! RT : If we don't go through trials, our faith won't be challenged & our growth will be limited (1Pet 1:6-7)
I'm giving myself a GDGD'n for Valentine's Day.
Im so god damn tired of this series
Good call. Thanks!
i love how u r willing to help other people get what everybody dreams of happining!!!!
what are u talking about? It'd be annoying for the user to have the OPTION of putting a pic in instagram?
WebCamWindow launching new features Monday at WebCamWindow.com! ReTweet Please!!!
I keep getting these messages saying I unfollowed all these ppl. Hell you did follow back in what 6 months; PLEASE.
Seriously FUCK MY PHONE!!!
grilled cheese w/ mozzarella, caramelized onions, white bean hummus, & kale pesto? Sure, I can make that work.
I miss youu to girl<3 ;)
Sometimes, you just have to give up on people - people rarely change.
If you like I will try to get more information to you Actually we had 2 very good PD's today
www.alkkemikelmuzik.podomatic.com check out the pod cast thanks for your support
HAHAHA. Wednesdays are always the worst! You can guarantee both the TV and film choices that day are always shit!
Had a pierogi. Never again.
Need to get ready cause I'm getting picked up for work soon but I'm sitting on my bedroom floor in my underwear watching wizards
guess what I would do if you tweeted us? Oh wait...you'll have to do it to find out(;
leagues could do something similar for commentary, but I don't ever see a prominent league utilizing twitter from start to finish
when breaking up,make sure you give all ofyour ex’s stuff back sothey don’t have a reasonto randomly show up.
Happy Notorious B.I.G. Day!!! R.I.P. Rap still hasn't been the same. Smh
Erick Stevens pins Eddie Edwards with a cross body block to become the new Underground Television Champion.
I love you <U+2665>3
Pretty fun working that show. I saw so many familiar faces.
Why don't you all send me some good news? Give me a good news tweet.
Just crossed the Georgia borderline on our way to Atlanta for Swing by and visit the booth
in my dreams those 40,000 eggs would all be dark chocolate!
I plan to pay my dad for insurance with a spongebob check. He'll love it.
CAN YOU GET MY ARTIST NOTICED?
Thank you. Stop by the Italian Embassy to say hi!
Five dollars? Where the hell are you at??
I'm kidding about having only a few dollars. I might have a few dollars more.
my new video jst uploaded on youtube..make sure you guys go check it...alright...vala....
Ready for the beach again. As soon as this sunburn subsides a little.
Are the Brewers winning?
you are a fountain of information
I've been using WP for quite a few years...would be happy to discuss
I'm in full support!
Windshield wipers, swivel hips, AND straight arm V ups?! I'm going to pay tomorrow.
to Rose's type of game. If he played like a Nash-no offense - he'd hold up. Explosiveness gone 4 a while!
people 4get how fast u did a job- but they remember how well u did it (howard w newton_ take ur time, make a plan, underpromise & OVER deliv
that mf needs to read that text already!!!!
okay, take care, talk to you later (:
Heading to awards ceremony. Skipping dinner & hoping for substantial snacks at the reception (still living the student life...)
nm at the body shop bro wbu
Ohh. It's raining like a biatch.
barely day two Haha
Turnin in early tonight. Gotta get my beauty rest.
,Someone needs to defend the House, Obama had the Veto pin but no one says so, just let Congress take the hit & loose Maj.
Nobody seems to understand adverse selection.
Wait. It's the season finale of #HappyEndings??? I was NOT prepared for this.
Quote of the night:"Should I pour the remainder of my beer over your cock?"
thanks for keeping the #futureofpd hashtag alive!
i have my moments sometimes
": I am officially afraid of what the Brewers news conference will be about." Could be to introduce Aramis
Can't believe this Ryan Braun thing..I hope to god he's clean and it's some prescription drug..
Helps create a safe space. RT : We sure do love our cartographic metaphors in religious studies.
Using a William Morris coaster from the at my desk. All these spreadsheets just got a little prettier.
I am planting my garden AND watching the Suns beat the Spurs.
everyone knows the people who vote for the winners are hipsters. The fact that transformers wasn't on the ballot is a joke
Want a discount?! Just ask. : )
Thank you!! :)) RT : Happy Birthday liwat kay
Awww...thank ya sweets! ;) love ya!
The Maine squeeze is
Not having a car is killing me.... Killing me #:(
lil wayne: I Am Not A Human Being release date: Oct 12 2010
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone. - Gabrielle "Coco" Chanel
And don't you forget it! : [To ] But you won the Oscar for Moonstruck!
I had a lot going on the past few months but imma b down there dis weekend to c y'all did u have a baby shower already
keep believing!!! Die hard Packer fan pulling for you. Fun to watch! Keep provin em wrong!!!
Golden girls is my issh lol!
It's hard to be above the influence when you are the influence
shout outs :)
It took me a long time to get over being a freak, now it's just a point of pride ;)
Thanks! Hopefully this will work.
There are always difficulties arising that tempt you to believe your critics are right.
about how many people are we looking to cook for?
I'm solo I'm cuttin up!!!
RT : Hey I just met you....and this is crazy....but here's my number.....let's fucking go to warped tour.
Good one, Eddie.
Thanks, ! It's near the ship so in this case convenience trumps all else =) Other than bars, favorite beaches near downtown?
just had all-star for bassball.i hit some bomes.
Climbed a fair-sized tree today in the name of Christmas outdoor decor.
I'm at the Entrepreneurs's Lounge with about to charge my iPhone.
Nope ! You're Going Too :D Lol
I blame it on ! RT : it was the kids that almost burned my apartment haha :P
.:."wrong way 2address the deficit is 2slash programs that are critical to middle class families-like headstart & childcare"
LAST MSG. I want to help. How can I help..outside of making music and showing up to pump my fist...where are the greater outcomes?
I just want a classy birthday party in the downtown Los Angeles area. Is that too much to ask?!
The cute one has to stay home. Only the ugly one is leaving Las Vegas. So no dog watching. But thanks a lot!
Basic chicks are BORING
There's an acute, unique shame when that employee is you and the book is about learning a computer language in 24 hours.
We're taking a break after Round 2 of the Spelling Bee Finals at Children's Hospital. Smart kids. Thanks to Post-Gazette and Children's!
This is why i just can't get with you .
Im fina delete des lil tweets for my bitch b wit da shit wen she see it
Listening to the podcast interview with Z'ev Rosenberg in my car...
Thanks for the support! Hope to see all of you there!
thanks * :p
Got that new WZRD album.
Jogging is overrated. Besides, I believe it is a silent "J". It's actually pronounced "yogging."
I love you
Don't come crawling back to me after that shit you pulled.
So inspiring! A message we appreciate in MN as we face hurtful amendment #VoteNo cc:
Happy birthday Melissa.
This Weeks Been Really Hard On My Family&Me.I Wanna Thank My Friends&Family Who Kept My G-pa In Their Prayers&Were There For Me! Ily&Thanks!
Baltimore Youth Environmental Response & Office of Sustainability Saturday 1-4pm Jones Falls Stream 1813 Falls Road, 21201 summer clean up!
Today has been a super day! Thank God that tomorrow is Sunday -- my day of REST and Rejuvenation!.
I love buffalo exchange :)
And hes the only #Brewers player my son doesnt have an autographed ball from. I'm sure hell stop signing by time I get to AZ
RT : AWESOME webinar Wish everyone got how to do this. You clearly understand learner engagement.<< Thx!
sick sixth senses
What will make you smile this weekend?
: We have done interviews, live shows, and had our songs played! I know we love WRRV!!!:) It was a lot of fun!
I hate getting out of a hot shower and it's like the North Pole took over my bathroom.
CINCO DE MAYO
why must your concert be on june 22nd????????????? LOL
Like I said. Innocent until proven guilty. RT : OJ riots ring a bell?
Most of ya'll don't get the picture unless the flash is on.
yeah McDonald's and Jordan have hurt that game.
Bahahahahahaha. Totes me.
Jeffrey C. Ferhman, Vice President of Integreon has accepted a position on OLP's Board of Governors. We welcome Jeffrey aboard!
thank you!!
haha, I have them on permanently. I'll have it the next time I see you.
Chris McGarry and The Insomniacs at The hi dive tonight. 8pm
your mom is my hero
There is a rumor i have a std...fucking bitches get your shit straight before you talk your shit.
Congrats on your big win Wes!!!
Iceland is amazingly open and forward thinking on many topics :-) cc/
it's true I'm alive. But didn't you end this relationship?
Man I'm so tired of ppl conplaining about Lil Shit
haha but seriously it like the same episodes every Monday
i know! Congrats!! ;) i bet u sent her like 9999999 DM's right? Lol
M. Nothing like raspberry Italian sodas from The Standard to make a hot afternoon a little more tolerable.
Tonight was smooth not as bad like i thought
on my slow jams
How all u gotta do is move your hands RT : it's funny u are sick then tweeting?
Don't get married. Find a woman you hate and buy her a house. It's a lot easier on you.
That's unfortunate.
Hello? thank you for the follow. I hope we have a long Twitter friendship. Tweet me N E time. Thanks again.
Rimini Street Triples New Client Sales Bookings for Oracle Applications
But so tempting to be on all platforms
soo, i kissed a gay dude. ;)
RT : #socialmediacrisis step 8: Learn your lessons and document every element of the crisis
Hate waking up from amazing dreams about the one! LOL! I wish I could really find him in real life! #whereareyou?
RT : That's right. Sometimes life is like jazz, and goes in an unexpected direction... ·
Well I was thinking that I could have worst mottos..:D
Some of us tried the fried crickets the other day! And tarantulas. :)
Little awkward, not gonna lie
virtual worlds for adults
" : trust me there would be NO sleeping that day!!!! Retweet if you believe this" well, she could talk him 2 sleep
I felt the same way. My email - asking me to do a Poster Session - came today. Thought I had been forgotten.
nothing much bored as well :/
I just buy her a cake :)
I rarely get star struck anymore. But it happened again today :)
That question always pops up when I stay the night. Sissy, will you straighten my hair? Lol. But yes, please do !
I'm on follow limit
Why doesn't a 3rd Party Vendor release a control pad with 'Cross' DPad for the 360 or the PS3 instead of the cheesy disc based controllers
We lost the Advocate magazine AND all of the Blade newspapers in the same month! What is going on!?!??!
4 startups prove that technology can bring couples closer together
Watching the 2011 version of a #GirlWithTheDragonTatoo hoping it's just as good...
When's the tweetup?
I can't wait to hear it because I know it's smooth. Plus I need to use it! Man thanks again.
I was there too, just hiding under the FAA building overhang across the street!! :-)
Our black Lab, Buddy is going to be 9, next month - Such a loving part of our family - Releasing is not always easy...
so wine lovers - does anyone have Tuesday recommendations? Are great wine books out there ? #wine,
OMG that would be awesome lol
1st meal from weekly fresh market bag: eggs w/ kale & cremini mushrooms. JT wouldn't touch it, hubz said it tasted earthy, I devoured mine.
"Boldness by my friend."
Snap city. Tmw voice
I like you.....but do you like me?
MAKE IT A HABIT TO DEDICATE YOURSELF TO WINNING EVERYDAY!!!
RegionalCare Hospital Partners has filed a CON application for a $19.4M comprehensive cancer unit.
Seriously, Yo gives up a hit after 5-1/2 to a guy with a lower BA than me? I better get the day off still.
Lol. Awesome how he won't let me see his phone. Obviously he's hiding something. #SketchyAsFuck! xD <3Rainbows<3P.L.U.R.<3
Buff Guys Needed for a movie promo tomorrow in Burbank. $100/flat for 4 hours. Email for details.
yeah awesome stuff Paul- & simon cant wait to hear your tracks when they're done too !
Trying to contact my other women shit them hoes do when they feel like their entitled to position
The feeling when I'm with you is the exact reason why I never gave up on you when everyone else said to stop trying.
25 years ago I thought cabbage patch dolls were ugly and they still are! #mycollection these people have over 5000!
killed it last night at Nassau Coliseum!!!! Amazing
Hello! What tools do you use to make infographics? Thanks!
We all would. RT : I would laugh if Nic stiffs him. LOL
You're just so cute sometimes I can't stand it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I'm about to give up , I can't lose you to this shit . Swear , stop following & do what's f.ckn right . Somebody talk some since into him !!
Very excited about 2nite! will have us rocking 2nite
Ppl just kept falling off one, by one. If you are not around me for the right reasons which is just to be my friend and be real then leave.
Random bra size talks with my mom and brothers gf. Creepers O_o RememberTrust
I need some soft hands on me ladies
Extremely heartbroken to leave Cooper in Texas. He just hated my condo. needed a big yard & house to run in. The terrier in him thanked me.
Thank You I am a #martialartists #blackbelt in #TaeKwonDo since I was 12. So I appreciate
2 more days until our Starbucks card drawing!!!
The heat gone beat Yall ass
Because IDX rules don't allow advertising? Only Zuliator is allowed ads.
still a work in progress, being built in omeka. ephemeral archives collection at bcrw library, 101 barnard hall
I use in several shapes & sizes to serve as reminders while helping clients develop habits. #NAPO 2012
welcome to my party
yuck. Feel better!
Shopping in the middle of the day because I can!! No deadlines. No emails. Not in the mood to work. Yeah for me!!
Listening to Guy Almes talk about cloud computing & campus cyberinfrastucture at the CASC spring mtg - will be addressing in ACTI-CCI
She so on a nigga mind shhh dont tell her that though
because im just buying beer and moscato
There is alot! We have Laila too :] And horses as well! Oh, Cats too. ;] It's just a party!
The love game is never called off on account of darkness. ~ Tom Masson
The 3 year old says to me "let's listen to jazz." So, i put on Ella & Duke. She screams "No! Not that that Jazz. Play Count Basie, pls."
New composer rule for self: Stop asking for things.
in response to: spent most of my shower thinking about how good a male acquaintance of mine would be at twitter. also weeping.
Guitar Zack and the Daves 2nite at 8PM-21+ $5 donation to benefit Make-A-Wish celebrating Hard Rock's 40th w/40 Days that Rock
what are the chances they defect and join the protest as has happend in #london? :)
I wanna love somebody, love somebody like you <3 that song was just on, made me think of you :)
Good to hear, since I usually do all of the work while watches and Win is MIA//
The Grammy's were a LOT funnier when we had Bush to make fun of. It's kind of a letdown now that Obama is SO AWESOME!
RT Remember that it is the purpose behind your action that determines its character.
Rise and shine people!!! there's still boat work to do and it's not going to get done by itself!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you get asked who your favorite X-Men character is and you don't know any of them
Our service can help all those effected by the tornadoes in the midwest! RT please
#GrnBz: In NYC you see people directly, you interact. You don't just look at them through glass.
Lol niggas hating cause they club ain't poppin, try another " Grand Opening " bro hahaha and no I'm not talking bout belasco
Let me know. We have a wealth of knowledge on this subject. I could dispute your GPA comment but we'll talk another day,Peace
about time you jumped in the twitterverse!
Get my teams in a row? Whaat???
killing 4hrs at airport in route from amsterdam to columbus
I'm hearing metallics are in. We need to get you gold sperrys too!
Hearing thunder means I won't have to mow. Love you, thunder.
When a person can just smile ^.^
Ain't no way the Thunder shoot this well throughout the series. It's gonna get more competitive. OKC gonna win tho.
mines is irobg
Paul Higgins yelled at me once saying "move the line along, no hugs its only a signing"....it was awesome!!!!
Experience is what you have after you've forgotten her name.
idk if people are ready for my next single
you and me both Dave!
keep pushing!!! I love you!!!
I don't hate Alli, but I don't like her. Yeah I'll admit I'm jealous, and ik I'll never be friends with greyson . I'm mad right now . Nitm
Some people are old at 18 and some are young at 90. Time is a concept that humans created.
Do me a favor and pull this out #NorthWestern Thought this was over an hr ago.
new Icon :D
Did you see him in The Phantom? I must've seen him in that about 30 times. He was so dreamy... Uh, I mean, AWESOME. And purple.
Today in 1706 Benjamin Franklin was born.
I'm just saying. The right one lol
Austin does! & jb? Your kidding. That will never happen. He has to many followers! You?
Don't Leave me tongue tied.
thanks mate :-)
This wind is effecting my allergies. I'm allergic to fallen trees.
Good morning
How about a GranTurismo Convertible. We need to take advantage of the sun when we can up here.
haha I figured, I was by you when you were in the dairy isle and two people being you at checkout!
#np Fallin' .... This song have me in my feelings...
me too :) if I go there I would NEVER leave school
I'm guessing you and are hanging out(:
i don't know what that is. :p
Am I the only person who didn't know that MCA was involved with Oscilloscope?
Best thing about being a part of is that I get to work w/many great people, that see my strengths and help w/my weaknesses.
Hi Paula-The first episode was so great! Still thinking about that cab ride! Really excited about tonight's episode as well
I think I'm more mad at myself then anything!
Ah cool!! Thanks for airing my #tweet! The power of really is #amazing! :)
Happy ThanksGiving Everyone. I hope your day is full of friends and family and wonderful Food. I have my prayers for those in Iraq
just told me that me and were similar! #prettycool <3
Thank God for creating you because without you my life wouldnt be complete
Only 5 more days!!! Please RSVP @ Guest speaker is State Rep Vicki Barnett. Lunch & free parking will be provided.
He haven't responded to my text :/
And he should have changed it -- don't think the R's won't if or when they get power.
Can't wait for my food to arrive... have never used before. Kinda excited.
Thanks for sharing!! Have a great weekend Tasty!!
Jam session tonight ! I'll be singing a few with my quartet as well as inviting Chicago's instrumentalists & vocalists on stage
The i296 has replaced the i290! It's more durable, more compact and much more visually appealing! Check it out and snag a Free Ringtone too!
watching #AGT from last night and wtf is the bird lady thinking she needs a man
Just delivered some #cakepops to #Congress!
Didn't you used to do PR?? heh
Just Let Me Know Its Real.
How do you not listen to him?
Huevos rancheros and vegan French toast makes for a perfect #SundayFunday brunch!
I fell asleep n missed da second half lol
It's just like an M's fan to expect a charity call at the end of a game like that. The home plate ump called it, he damn sure went.
you're welcome! Also, benefit concert for shooting victim Brian Tierney is Sun April 22, 7 pm at All Saints Catholic, FYI!
And I've already had to explain alphabetical order...smh
ur still not following me? dear mom
The sun is shining n I'm Alive I'm grateful for this thank God
Does anyone know why courtland creek in Oakland is raging right now? There's not a cloud in the sky
We'll see how it plays out.
have an exam tomorrow and feeling terrified..tweet me to cheer me up?! :) hehee i absolutley love you <3
Twitters been boring me lately.. Somebody fix it!
My parents are watching a movie & the coda for it was the 6x24 coda.
Prebil, you bastard!
A new idea I was super jazzed about just fell apart on paper. I will mourn it's loss tonight and return to drawing board tomorrow.
I like how my painted pink toenails look with my hairy hairy legs.
I watched that last night! Dude was talented!
I am dieing of a slow terrible disease called
Its just one of those nights where I want to fall asleep and never wake up.
of course! “: I got on and couldn't believe it! Thanks so much for following me! :D”
Oh well hello #sunshine!
I believe thats Chas Bono.. still funny!
Today I bought #Nutella for the sole purpose of eating it out of the container with a spoon.
xD lmao eww it did , but you know what i mean .
": I'm not helping if you're hanging up a Raiders flag..." LMAO love it! Denver Broncos Baby!
I want one! :D
RT : got a certain lust for life
why thank you! Haha. :)
love me a good ribbon dancing injury
I disliked #WarHorse so much that I'm going2read the book & see the play June 2012. Seriously a BAD movie; hoping4 better frm play
How easy is it to ignore the message and continue as you were
A lot of my body hurts right now. but i had the best day.
can you really plan 4 positivity when life does happen? Its like a "you can run but not hide" effect.
Well, bout to get on Runescape for the first Tim in about a year lol
Having a contest with counting the dress code violations on this beautiful day. 6:5
looking forward to leading today's chat!
It's a beautiful night out & we are here to serve you until 10PM with hot drinks & Everything on SALE 10-50% OFF. Come on OUT, shop,...
Favorite Rappers In My "BackYard"
QUOTE OF THE DAY: I <<Your Name>> Am Successful. ==== REPEAT 21 TIMES IN YOUR MIRROR
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!<3
Dad is in Albuquerque. I really hope he's wearing his "#Harvard: Michigan of the East" t-shirt.
Shoutout to & his mixes. The only thing that's motivating me to get ready for school -__- :)
Anxiety comes from the ego<U+0092>s need to protect itself. Negativity is an invisible parasite. It needs a host to feed off, the host is the ego.
I agree totally!... Bring on more lovely period pieces please
Learn what is new with SMO, contact our team today
m, whiskey and cooking-two of my favorites! :)
tell Dustin I said Hi.. You two together that could be trouble.
Happy Mother's Day to all my fellow moms out there! Hope you all have an awesome day!!!
i want the tivkets but my mom wont drive me !!!
take my time and show you...
I read that in the voice of Wolf Blitzer
": Good night. Need to be in taft by 10am. Ugh Y SO EARLY???" Eto na ba ang simula? Haha
good shit boy
RT : Reid did not say for certain, but all signs point to Mychal Kendricks opening the OTAs as the starter at SAM linebacker.
Tavares Jackson is *so* Tavares Jackson.
When reality seems like a dream...
227? i love you guys <3
pb? as in peanut butter?! i hope not!
getting my braces off in 3 days !! <3 yayy
they put him on the 15 day DL on march 26th and never updated it
re: They're now putting up a crazy "NSFW" block page on progmofo t-shirts. Truly unfortunate. progmofo puts a smile on my face.
The movers are here! Now we can start settling!
very lucky! Thats awesome
Did you make it? #ineedupdates. Lol.
Yeah you right!
heey can you do me a huge favor?(: its for a good cause!
Right up my alley. Are you in Vilas? I have a small window before research group at 2. Then I'm booked.
Check me out on schedulicity to book for hair appointment. Superbowl events need to look fly for next weekend.
You work hard, now it’s time to play hard. $5 DOUBLE Jack & Cokes and $3 shots with jamming all night.
Why is Walmart so thick right now
Great weekend in #Vegas, but ready to come home! The #NFR and it's athletes were fun to watch
I should get myself ready
here's to the freakin' weekend...
best night ever haha
the mornings after training <<<
I got tweeters block rite now
Interesting fact: Nobody knows where the expression "to grin like a Cheshire cat" originated, but it existed way before Alice in Wonderland.
I hope you saved enough to drink it too!
now i know.
RT : Shawty you can get it all!
I just licked a porcupine. Well, his quill. Well, the quill isn't attached to his body. It was made into an earring... Which I licked.
Serving between 6th and 7th street on Walnut.Serving between 6th and 7th street on Walnut.
Frank Robinson now at the podium. "you made me look good" he says of statue. Thanks Jackie Robinson's wife who is here
thank you v-tek
Rats, the site is currently overwhelmed.
haha well that sounds like a great idea - enjoy Bacchus! Let us know when you make your reservation.
feel free to drop off one for me!
Sounds fun! Bonus points for fumes.
We love your twitter stream...DM, email, or just follow us so that we can get in contact with you! Thanks!
Bipolar weather alert for Chicago
Blanton-Webster band. Doesn't get much better.
After yesterday maybe CNN will stop pretending that Huntsman is a viable candidate
": Oh how I wish my uniform included sweatpants"
Its Not Pretty Good Its Amazing<3333
thank god your beautiful, took you a minute to get that one ;) hahah
heading to Board meeting of tonight at UCSD Burn Unit; expecting to learn a lot
***Ding ding ding***** We have a winner. Thanks for noticing ;-)
Really Awesome!!! When? Mary Shannon comes to Brooklyn lol
hey dude, can you let me know when practices are now? School is winding down so I'll be able to make it a lot in the summer
Your an amazing singer all my friends love you so do I. My mom just can't stop watching your videos on YouTube. :)
II haveny been on here in forever. I have such a short attention span got mad dental work today i love pills and my boyfriend and peeps
oh I'll hit you up niqqa
definitely not in a good mood at all, anymore.
While I was in Caracas, I felt like this line from a Genesis song: "and I'm hovering like a fly, waiting for the windshield on a free way"
Well you're sleeping awfully early tonight. x) Goodnight & I luv you too! :)
Power Tower @ Solex College - Wheeling!
I like watching people play viddo games, even if is online/through youtube.
I'm new to twitter, but I have found I really use it as a resource. Not sure how to generate leads from it yet.
Denver Sports is hosting a raffle to send a group of 4 to the 2010 Vancouver Winter Games. To buy tickets go to denversports.org
WOW #Blackhawks great last second goal to tie it up n send to overtime!!
what time did you go at? O:
Sen Franken "#WV is such a Democratic state even the Rockefellers are "
whats the dimensions for a twitter icon
- looking forward to the new book arriving!
at least you know it's coming. Have fun! I am going to figure something out soon!
Note to self: stay away from Woodfield today.
Girl im in love with you, this ain't the honeymoon, past the infatuation phase
Puma time
If you don't remember she exists, she'll die! More » Post from: TheGloss
I am told that Supercast is part of the Superfan. So you should be able to view games online this weekend.
can't wait to see you either!!
haha silly billy
Challenger, 25 Years Later
not for the people that hate listening to you.
umm lol your funny I'm still trying to figure out this twitter stuff its kinda confusing but I'm getting it lol
Before sex, you help each other get naked. After sex, you only dress yourself. Moral of the story: No one helps you once you're fucked.
Big game for the boys in blue tonight- Let's go Rangers!!!!! Get your bounce on :)
Happy Thanksgiving, Don't eat to much.
: Not every superhero has powers, you know. You can be super without them. –Buddy (The Incredibles) best quote ever by a villian
"Being successful is easy. Being respected and appreciated is special. Rather than becoming a person of success, become a person of value."
he just woke up he didn't miss to to much
I heart #cityartsfest ! Had so much fun at the party seeing lovelies , , ,
The Woods drummer looks like he went to Vanderbilt, but they sound great.
No matter what happens, there will always be taquitos in the freezer.
Really? Okay, if YOU say so. RT must jump onto the very important topic of BSG viewing: stick it out!
I'll tell you my top 3 #Badgers from the spring right now though: RB Melvin Gordon, TE Sam Arneson, and DT Beau Allen.
doing work and missing shameless
It's that earthy South American/Venus-inspired type of rustic yet refined beauty. Owned by Venezuelans.
You Can't Sit With Me.
LIghts out in San Fran on monday night football.
Lemon Town fam come thew it's my B-Day week end #flightcity #Flight RT“: Word Where Yu Gonr Be Around... 2 ”
ever have long silky nice hair like us spanish girls lol
we were just talking about making that sign into a t-shirt yesterday
For my #Pittsburgh #cycling friends: Is it possible to ride from ohiopyle to PGH on 23's or do I need a hybrid?
": thrilled to be live tweeted by #thisishowwedoit" happy to do it!
We're gearing up for move-ins on the 18th. Come check out the gorgeous lobby and rooftop!
Nope - I'm being super cool on my couch
Turnout tonight is strong.
Imma give her time to herself
#WHY THE HEL it so hot
Finally in #vegas place is wild
hopefully when it happens I'll have one of those tickets! Oh and you like my user name? #followme ?
The Bellmen play March 17 at FarXFarout during
TY, not sure what's wrong yet. Waiting. RT : RT : At Hospital w a sick baby :(<~~~ Awww, I hope all is well!!
Can't improve it after passing?
yep im on my way to u now lol
I will pass that on to Sam - Steph
hope you're LOVING the #CommercialFree Music cause it's making me kinda HOT! We're STILL inside 101 Minutes Commercial Free! -
Thanks Paul. Waitomo Caves are pretty special. It was great to be working up there. Glad you enjoyed it!
dam dats some fine ass sexy bunz...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Have bike. Will ride. Black Onyx. No Blue Bomb;-)
On stage in front of hundreds of people tonight
SUMMER HIT. WATCH.
Thanks for the RT!
Giants aren't winning today- and the cowboys have a bye do I can't watch them lose- no sense of satisfaction this Sunday.
Trust me, the entire thing is a circular argument: "We're right because we're right."
But I can't stand wearing jeans in the heat. Ffffuuuuuu.
WHO ME? *in sexy girl voice* lol RT um YOU ! duh .
miss you too! I'll be down soon <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Keep the faith OccupyWallStreet.
Final NWEAMO concert finds Partch in lively form; people lining up at intermission to have their ear photographed for NWEAMO project
force follows force blindly - it only takes one person to begin the process of stopping the push
my new life goal lol
Tampa ! Jackson's tonight
Courage awakens the Elegant Spirit within. ~ Maria Carter
I couldn't agree more ! Disney is just not the same.
Truly great friends are hard to find, difficult to leave and impossible to forget. -- WizKhalllifa ()
Morning to everyone that sent me a S/O this morning sorry I have been moving none stop!!
awe... Yea my agenda for the night was go to sleep... Then i started watching your videos on my ipod...
would love to see you do a series on the emerging war on women's rights in the US.
They also ruined 1983! Don't forget about 1983.
BEAUTY TIP: Messy braids are all the rage, go for it; just make sure it is messy!
you are truely amazing <3 your such an insperation to young girls! I Will always support you. Love your #no1DallasFan .
TY 4 sharing this important article #Israel is making great strides to be accessible 2 all ppl!
Too soon? Nah.
Anatomy and chemistry, you will be the death of me
A man left his car unlocked, and someone stole a gun from it. In Ruidoso. A thrift-store volunteer found a gun, in a box of donated clothes.
California ranked 47th in education funding. How is this possible when we are the 9th largest economy in world?
Snuggling my bed :)
I visited my hometown today. This is great for story ideas. Those random memories could come in handy in stories.
...every single word on the page. They add in all these needless adjectives with strings of "ands" to make the paper "longer." I do pages.
How do we get learners to apply it? -motivate them, add social component, model it, just do it, recruit champions
HI!! I LOVE comedies!!!
Up next: awards to the faculty from the students, presented by &
How about a Roti Twitter high-five? ; )
Step up and lead the world to stop Kony's crimes this year
Common sense: RT : If you sign a pledge that says you're not willing to compromise, you're not fit to lead.
Adorable. I totally agree that guacamole is a vegetable.
Our pleasure! RT : Many thanks to the morning crew for such a kind and warm experience.
I see. Well I mean it's cool though that they are willing to go for it when they know people will see what they do &not care
Although what I really am is a teacher. Core Audio is hard, we'll see how well I can learn it.
Looking forward to making my stuffed shells for dinner tonight - and I'm sure my hubby is looking forward to eating them :-)
:) Happy it's Friday!
thanks sir. i feel so lucky to be able to see it.
Oops I mean book
I'm watching VH1's 40 Greatest One Hit Wonders of the '90s. All I have to say is I miss music from the '90's and music today sucks!
So basically I had the best/worst Monday ever. HCR liked my instagram post, I got cafe Rio, Jazz won in triple overtime, my dad let me---
I'm hungry -_____-
: PLZ end the big govt effort to stop online poker. Support HR 2366, TX Rep. Barton's Online #Poker Act!
Back from the eye doctor. My vision continues to deteriorate. Now on to watching the food channel
#ff because her anonymity allows for some wonderfully exasperated tweets about the publishing industry.
How about Dream Machine by Mark Farina?
Oh, SSRN, where have you been all my life?!?
PARTY FUCKIN MARTY BABY
"This is death. We're dead right now."
My college resolution is to save money on books. I will do that by buying from my friends and finding sales!
thank you!!
I haven't eaten since morning
Thanks for the RT!
Ask me questions makin a YouTube bid today with the questions so ask me anything!!! I will answer
lots of new pics! getting off work and enjoying my new apartment, roommate, and some wine!
Question to everyone following me: What has changed about Twitter since 2008? (people's behaviors/attitudes)
#dead from holiday world
And editing your own page is considered some kind of heinous sin there.
The mind's nature is to slip into the past or future. That ruins one's concentration. For concentration your mind must back your action.
We're at the Baltimore Neighborhoods, Baltimore History Conference talking abt ! Say hello if you see us.
already did, no answerr
Drudge touting Rubio. Love him, but how can we fight Alberto Gonzalez's attack on him? AG will be on every TV show right after pick.#palin2?
Men are the best cooks. Because with two eggs, one sausage and a little bit of milk, he can fill a girl's tummy for nine months.
well not a real BF and not while I was talkin to him. I still love him... after almost five years its become almost unbearable.
I'm going to NYC this weekend :-D Dance partayyyyyy
Really doing it big and growing up. Moving out in a week!!
My temperature gets so much higher after being at a theme park all day. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Like a boss. Lol.
"Hospitality is about creating the conditions where you are as generous as possible. It's not about giving people…-Chas Esche
that's Love!:)
do you have a tablet/ stylus or do you use a mouse or even trackpad to do illustrations??
just as long as the shoulder pads of the 80's don't come back with them !
#ireallywant A Refill....
Jason Lloyd from the Akron Beacon-Journal talking about the Cleveland-area despondency...Mile High Sports, AM 1510!
I don't snore; I simply have excellent nasal embouchure!
So we continue to pump out the jams! Some Nickelback now, some Sick Puppies & Trapt soon! Check us out!
8. #Braves 10 #Brewers 8 | Atlanta battle / Brewers trade punches with Braves / Down in Dirty South.
You can have everything in life that you want if you will just help enough other people to get what they want.
EH???? Of course. I can already tell that reading is the easy part! How to decide?
from some of the evidence that came out like the pic of Z's bloody head and stuff show that some scuffle happened. I really
come now… you're just egging on with that one.
. appears to be up to no good re:my birthday. I hope she knows that Jehovah's Mormon Adventist Witnesses don't believe in surprises.
Please keep it up! You're way too pretty to be doing that :( x
Lol i have a lil joint he bouuta be 5 yrrs old omg he's so kcute lmao he tried to kiss me so isaid when yhur 18 (= he was all happy...
gonna steal as much food as possible while the lights r out.
hope so, definitely deserves a chance n more exposure
Weekend is finally over yeah.
Hope you continue to feel great all day and throughout the weekend :)
A lot done, A lot more to do with a week left! 10.21.11
“: TY! RT : I typically don't 'love' hotels... but hotel might rank in the top 3...” agreed!
Greg Giraldo was so funny and so smart and so good. Dangnabbit.
Taking the lunchtime egg roll to yoga.
i didn't get the second call lol but imma call you
lol you only like me for my thighs!
Keep your head held high and be strong. Don't let anyone get you down. Shoot for your dreams
LMAO!RT Dude walks up 2 me in airport,says"I love your work."I say thx.He then says"It was an honor to meet u Mr. Mayweather"
Yo chick she so thirsty.
I totally agree, but I'd take a 5'10 190 lb pylon over both of them. At least a pylon wouldn't be out of position lol
slop thanks?
Help someone; whenever possible.
Nobody said nothing they just let Tami take that lady purse. A real friend r an associate would have said Tami u tripping bitch.
Why don't you follow me?:D
MT : Flanagan on automatic family cut off, we need to allow for special family circumstances.
We are currently running a EXPO special only..Check it out at the pittsburgh mills mall in room
#Aegon USA forecloses on 5 units in the #Scottsdale Ridge #Business Center totaling 13,226 SF. $970k #credit bid on $2.955m
It is Last Day of Classes #LDOC at Chapel Hill - what a great day of the year!
Yayyyy letting us leave early :-)
long shower eh
Clear eyes, Full Minds, Can't Sleep.
We're now local in DC Follow us there 2 if ur from DC and want to connect.
I want a bow and arrows....
well, he has trouble adjusting a spin bike. So I wonder about that membership!
RT : When you decide early on that you will never quit, circumstances will no longer make decisions for you.
New casting will be posted in the morning...
We are growing our client's business by cold calling, prospecting and lead generation. Check out our website at www.yoursalesleads.com.
Making myself wait until after yoga to have today's first beer, so... BRB!
You probably like it for all the dirty Norwegians.
-1 RT : the call me maybe business card revolution has begun
Just spotted one of our parade commercials on ! Awesome!
That's right, I always stand outside in winter when I'm sick! MT : The teachers are not lying about being sick!
They don't change: #YouShouldNeverTrust someone again after they've betrayed your trust. What makes you think they'll change?!"
Melanie Amaro trending world wide.
Obama backwards is latin for "I shall love". Either he is a caring man or the biggest hippy president in history.
Good to hear. :)
I was going to see you tomorrow but my friend bailed out on me:(
RT : please join me tonight at 57th Street Books @ 7 as I attempt to read some
Oh. I'm hungry. Does that count as hurting?
Principals, Remember to wish teachers, staff who are mother's a Happy Mothers' Day. "Cherish the person, challenge the employee!"
Am I the only one that thinks this new #ESPN on field reporter is horrible?!
Last night on The Bachelor, Ben chose Courtney. And in a triumph over adversity, women everywhere allowed Rush Limbaugh to call her a slut.
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
crying because I don't know if I'm seeing today or not
If you ever come across stadia/training grounds/etc. in need of design or architecture please do not hesitate to contact me.
The fact that Glozell is watching Maz's twitcam >>>>>
then change the brown to titans he probably heard me say it
"Start by doing what's necessary, then what's possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible." -- Francis of Assisi, clergyman
Break a Leg Talent Management "Want to Become an Actor" Seminar - Charlotte, NC May 7 - Register NOW - www.breakalegtalent.com - C U There!
Target is like the Bermuda Triangle right now. No power and no cell reception. Weird.
Is learning the ropes of Twitter.
Pezzy said I should of been in da studio stupid
Now you're on to something. Better video, much better product. My son & I both rock the 511 commuters around town.
Good morning all. Tell me, who is someone that we all need to be following? I'm open to suggestions.
#supermoon is beautiful tonight
#energizerbunny... But we gone get it in tonite though!!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
DO IT!
Nothing more awkward then being a big nigga in the buffet line
Okay bitch believe whatever the fuck you want. You emotional fuck. Go fucking die motherfucker. Peace faggot
HOMECOMING! :D
Cause I'm halfway gone, and I'm on my way
Broncos vs. Steelers 1st game of year? Sucks for manning.
Young Ron Paul fans in my town seem particularly hell bent on killing my family as they put on makeup, text while driving wildly.
Im sure he misses you too :p
God's timing is perfect. I am waiting on Him, trusting that he knows what's best far better than I do.
I've never underdstood why goose laughs so hard at the joke about the plaque for the alternates being in the ladies room
How many local businesses does OpenChime have relationships; when a cust. sends req. does OC only contact them, or others too?
Thanks to everyone who came to our Open House and Festival of Ales yesterday. Best turnout yet!
Super Tony's where have you been all my life?
we will try it! thank you!
your so gorgeous :-)
RT : IE ranks #1 for semiconductor #IP and patent portfolio
You are so very welcome Katherine Chapin !
Thanks for the follow! Therese'
Said fuck dapping RT : lol @ OJ Mayo at the end of the game. Dude mad.
Pregaming for predators game!!
Margarita tweet up !
Trade Press Services has a 100 percent success rate getting its client in print (or in pixels).
everything sounds amazing!!
happy to say i will not be gettin stoned on 4/20.
I will follow back
Story 1. Was just being drunk and making people laugh. Story 2. Girl running her gums. Ended her running her gums w/ Pasta
I got everything I needed to do done already. & now I have even more things to do :s
Well said. You just have a new normal. It can be a HUGE challenge, tho.
Bought some clothes for my new orleans trip today. Only about a month away !!
I actually kind of agree. He didn't look terrible last year. He scooped a few difficult throws. But does power make up for his K's?
getting the hang of twitter lol, chuck, his wife and mara show me how to play now i understand it a little better lls
thats coo bro, look forward to seein more, hit me when you ready for an official music video
Eats 4lbs Bacon/wk. Conan: "rn't u worried abt ur health!?" Bacon man: "Psh. No, there r more imprtnt things to worry abt than ur health."
We will let them know! Thanks again and congrats :)
Jackie Martinez has brother, Sam Martinez, with Autism. Jackie will be joining Sam in his upcoming video, Santa's Littlest Elf Has Autism.
Bouta cleaN UP nd go to work I Gotta Alot of shit on my mind
I'm over here dying laughing at my bruh singing Pleasure P part of Bet it up
Ugh, I heard that! MT One of my least favorite things to catalog: Hair.
Didnt know the Union Pres can be traded so long
Thanks for the RT.
he's trying to say you have a meat locker in your fuckin pants.
History's Villains - 1/30/1933 Adolf Hitler becomes Chancellor of Germany. Within six years, the world is plunged into the horrors of WWII.
yeah my mother's birthday is October 13th and she said the same thing, so you have some competition.
Busy year ahead for Team Maestro!
thought you mentioned a florence and the machine concert
Walls are supposed to be washed on a regular basis
May the force be with you.
whatever helps you justify YOUR slacking, carry on ;)
I was too busy dancing around to get ready for work this morning. iPhone shuffle's doing good work! I love rainy days :)
" And I, I really like it when the moon looks like a toenail. And I love it when you say my namee :)"
I THINK YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL! LOVED YOU BEFORE TOO
Yay! 2nd season planned 4 Old Dogs & I am back as the biatch!
thank you friends #FF!
Oh, by the way, The #Avengers was great.
Heading to the first shoot of what could be a most powerful story.
dont sweep sandberg under the rug!
Aha, this kid.
who pissed you off
More banjo, all the time
Kaibigan hosting it's annual Pilipino Culture Night this Saturday at 5PM starting at $10. Price increase at the door so get yours today!
Basketball tourney
where ya goin
“Stand Up for Religious Freedom—Stop the HHS Mandate!”
Why learn in class when any peice of information one could ever want is as simple as using your
Guess who that guy is? C'mon you have to know. Sweetest guy on the planet ... remember!
I will kill both of you..
Google Scholar, so frustrating
lol! Onward and upward bruh...to the higher calling!
Stanton's Staff had a fantastic time at last nights Christmas party. Unfortunately, no pictures. Great to see the spouses!
: Amazing song!!
Trying to make a way out of no way is sometimes the only way.
WE appreciate your follow. A free MicroSite on AgooBiz gets u #exposure access to our members & is an #advertisement on steroids.
“Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more" -anthony robbins
On PBS right now: Wisconsin Supperclubs: Old Fashioned Experience. Marvelous.
Really and are the bottom two!!! What is wrong with you America!!!! needs sent home!
And some of yall wonder why yall keep attracting the same type of nigga
Make a book out of wikipedia under the print/export feature--pretty cool
Besides libraries, what other institutions provide free access to Internet and computers? wants to know.
i realize I have done a poopy job of seeing you. You me and must have a girls night soon!
Thanks everyone for being patient while we got the keg settled and tapped. Cant believe it blew in an hour. You're all animals
when is the allstar event coming to Denver.
- I just tried again... does it work for you now?
the sneakers?
Current ACM-ers! Check your email for information on a need-based scholarship!
now my staff will really want to move in.
Working on next week's blog post - Writers why you are business!
#DirecTV is giving a free #HBO weekend. Just watched #DueDate, FUNNY AS HELL! Now i'm going to watch #Inception, you see it?
Hello Chicago. I've come to talk about two things: authentication and hot dogs.
"We taste and feel and see the truth. We do not reason ourselves into it." – William Butler Yeats
Napoli fresh juice from Bacco, yum!
We've been open three weeks now! Stop by and check us out.
i was thinking for myself but i guess we can share!
WARREN PEPER: Southern Rockette returns to new career at Ashley Ridge High - Charleston Post Courier
ok.. I am watching an Idol performance night for the first time since got voted off. Why? because he's there. I need my fix!
Wrath of Khan? RT : Happy birthday to , the Earthling who banged every female member of my extended family.
Feather your nest in with these exclusive #pillows and
I'm so shocked!!! My food benefits went down another $20.00 and food prices are rising. I didn't get any notice either
Gov. Brown toured Boeing's 787 Dreamliner today, I want to get in so bad, it looks good
you are just the greatest, mary anna.
Somethings a brewin' within and it ain't beer. :-)
I'm so glad he cooks if not I would be stuck eating ramen noodles.
oh yess i am! I cant wait lol
One more song before I've got to go,I'm singing from the very bottom of my soul,and meaning every single word and every note.
thank u <3 and aww i would love to meet u too! where do u live? XD
Nike air!!!
I wish that I could just create a clone of me to have awesome conversations with
Shout out to #AFTRA Dancers tearing up the Grammy Stage!
No Way Out
good point. But this was the piston cup! It was all his!
#stopstealingdreams - hope I can get to reading it all this week!
looks awesome!
once again, works for me. Lol
YES WE ARE!<U+E106> Lol And no need for an apology, it's okay, movie nights alone are the best. Lol<U+E405>
Sounds fun, never made it to Dubai but I have been to Bahrain and Kuwait. Write you when I can! :) hope your holidays were great!
#GutsiestMovesYouCanMake Checking out a women when with your girlfriend.
Chicago. Because we have a better chance against a banged up Rose. Heat have too many options.
I'm a bitch, I'm a lover, I'm a child, I'm a mother, I'm a sinner, I'm a saint, I do not feel ashamed...
she made another one?! I'm afraid to ask what it's called O.o
It's 6pm in #NOLA & many of you are just getting home from work, ready for dinner. What time did you used to eat dinner when you were a kid?
"hey pharrell, ain't tryna kill ya mood, but I can do the star trek sign. see? killer dude"
trying to contact you about modeling gig. Men's fashion. please contact me for setting up a face to face
Great joy in life #13: Blasting AC/DC from an American muscle car while cruising down a Southern highway at 105 mph.
Just receivecd a invite in my #G-mail from the one and only .. effin sweet!!!
come upstairs for official #copyblogger pictures!
I can think of a handful locally who are major culprits of this brand of intellectual dishonesty.
you know it Chaya Sushi Happy hour and a couple of new tunes at Venice for sure!.let's schedule that upon your return! Its on!
Making a power point for my senior presentation
Seriously. Why does the world keep giving Tim Dillard chances?
Dear Candice Olson - Can I pretty please come work with you and soak up some of your fabulous talent??? ;-)
Hurry boy it's waiting there for you! I blessed the rains down in Africa, you know, the country.
i might not make it there lol
I have the best trainer there is... he makes me laugh and cry, all in one hour. ;)
How about a Hangout to discuss, ?
Let us spread a little sunshine your way, breakfast all day!
I got picked in dec the defense rejected me b/c Im white her client was a young blk male. discrimination based on assumed racism
Thanks for following!!!
We all conspiring ~
Omg Washington is just 1 point down. They did NOT come this far to lose. The need to win and i really hope thay do.
Sipping syurp tapped straight from the oak tree
follow me!!!
TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT. AH. OMFG.
in most cases you need an appointment - we book up fast! We can help you make one via twitter if you like:)
I hear that you are going to be teaching a class in Anchorage.
#oomf better recognize what time it is. Its #Laketime around these parts
Not gonna lie I prefet chipotle over iguana joes
McNabb is gonna be a Viking now
If Arizona spent as much money on hiring teachers as it does trying to defend its crazy right-wing laws, we'd be sittin' pretty!
please follow me.....
Scholarly writing is an exercise in persistence with minutiae - e.g. changing all your citations from APA to Chicago style format!
it's a come back / underdog song. But it would never work now.
Lopez: "We will never, ever know what her potential would have been."
that sucks! I like Elise
Hey! Sorry to hear about the issue. Could you DM us with some more information? We can try to get this fixed for you.
please follow me ily!:)
Day of hot kitchen = no move from couch. Also, Steak.
hi mariah don't think abot the hatez l think gomez has had more just don't let them bring u down
#FF new followers- thanks for joining #TeamBalderas!
ohssshitt that's sick!
Gave the pilot version of the BELT-3 all day...3 year olds are so cute!
We're open 12-6pm Monday-Friday
shoot that how Tyler Perry keeps gettin' her too lol
Suppose to be in the 70's for Opening Day!
i guess im the cool band member who actually cares to tweet on here sometimes.
I'm not a partier. But the thought of being invited would still be nice
Yeah. Even modest pedestrian improvements would be a big deal. It's not that far to Sunset.
The way you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed ;)
it's okay haha I could know?
Ciao, love!
why not?
I love a dog. He does nothing for political reasons. —Will Rogers
God I hate skinny girls they make me look #fat !
Why the abuse? 'Cause all a bully need is a f^cking excuse.
What will you do today to encourage a young writer?
A short life span on food means a lon life span for you. Eat clean
Passover and Saturday on the same day. Major Relaxing going on. Except for twins crying.
- Ha! Its the Wooden Chicken Pub in Portland. Old school.
Brand Name Punk hath awoken from winter slummmberrrr... FED ME
ugh , i thought i was but i'm not </3 i hate having this feeling .
RT : #wearing blk/pink/tangerine (not too) minidress, blush patent pumps, vintage jewels (MIL, mom-mom, H)
Yes indeed.
Ha ha are you mad?? RT : My sister "chills" wit her Hand in her pants holdin her vagina
Today's an audiobook day bc my eyes are tired.
Looking forward to listening to GM right now.
Chocolate covered man... -_-
I would LOVE if you did a cover of Lana Del Ray's "LUCKY ONES" ;)
deal only if you take your emotional tweets off too bird man
Just a Friend by is aMaZiNg!!! :D love that song <3
God has truly blessed me with the greatest friends I love you twins thanx for a wonderful evening, the real bday gift is u2
99 out of 100 people over here in the U.S don't even know about the UK riots. Fkn
Congrats! RT : We won! Thank you to for creating an award winning app! Milwaukee loves your excellent work!
ZUH!? RT Carlos Lee just tagged up at first and advanced to 2nd on a fly ball
don't tell me how much you're going to miss us on the field.. you're just making it harder for us to not be upset.
Vegas: Sahara renovation plan gets $300 million in financing
you trippin. it ain't never too much lol
Is this show any relation to 50's The Defenders or later The New Defenders?
me too! I need to marry Alex & you nat okay? (:
Programming alert: Timbers In 30 debuts Sunday at 6pm on ch12. John Spencer joins us on set, plus guitar shopping with Jake Gleeson.
ikr i found some relatively cheap for LA
-__- bad day today...
I love hearing old songs I used to love. They're like memories you can always go back to.
That looks like a winner, I'm there :)
~I work for the arena in Portland, and the #1 ? asked is why don't we get concerts, i answer no one to buy tickets.
There's nothing like a Classy girl/lady.<U+E335><U+E335><U+E335><U+E335><U+E335>
and with that, the window officially closes.
RT : I know is happy with that Luke Kuechly ---
Gods love never fails, it never gives up, and it never runs out on us! No matter what sin we have commited! Meet Jesus today ! He loves you!
Yes!I got 4 DVDs,3 years of Seventeen Magazine,money for iTunes,shopping,a perfume,then I had a really nice dinner with my family:)
Hey Tina, who are some of your favorite country music artists?
Ok. Fuck you too. And I'm not part of this family. Never have been. I can just leave make your life easier. Bye.
I'm not even going to lie. Every time I see your tweets I roll my eyes.
i agree. Both Congress and YSR Congress are Looters of public money. It is time to bring Chandrababu Naidu as CM again.
why did you go home during 4th period
Another great day saving smiles.
It's a weird morning when you have to warm your voice higher to meet Lana Del Rey!
I am a twitter noob, and it shows... Painfully..
They, Who Sound- H-town's wkly series for exp. sound, improvised music, free jzz, undergrnd noise, electro-acoustic perf, & "musique brut"
Without you!!:)
the burgers are amazing!!!! You are so lucky!!!
Battery already at 30% and I need to wash my hands again!!!
"Its so good once it hits your lips!" - Frank The Tank Ferrell, Old School
#genomesolver #curenet paul allen: showing us how to cite using web database like ebird
You are all beautiful people(:
and i thought yesterday was hot.
Some things can't be unseen..
ha ha! I was probably sitting next to you and Caroline at that G'n'R show.
should be in this weekend unless you ordered galena or northern brewer.
Outline a plan for social media just as you would a traditional PR program
Thinking about how the access-vs.(?)-reuse agenda for building digital collections/tools w/in libraries impacts scholarship.
what time ?
thanks for letting us know! we're trying to resolve that issue now.
If it wasnt for the dumb food allergies & lack of hugs from Chris Evans Id say life is pretty awesome. One day Ill get that hug. :-)
Do any Man Utd Fans actually like the new jerseys ? It's a definite Fuck of Nike for me Who okay's this shit ?
Monday | August 1 - Summer Slaughter Tour 2011: The Black Dahlia Murder * White Chapel * As Blood Runs Black * Oceano @ Sunshine Theater
same 2 U!
Thanks to our new Followers & Have a great day! :)
#thingsthatpissmeoff when people hurt animals..get the fuck outta here with that shit, seriously.
#ImStillAwakeBecause Trying to clear my heart and mind, of all this loss and ill defined... truth, without screaming. How to let go... haha
I use to sell her dreams and now I only give her the dick
I love sweet tea.
Plan your last trip to the Museum for the season! We'll be closing all five of our exhibitions on Wednesday, at 4 p.m.
The messenger industry in the United States added 1,800 jobs and the transportation and warehousing sector added 2800 in the month of March!
Elliott doing the usually get up and meet someone icebreaker.
Hey, , while you're at it... Why stop at Emilio?
i love the irony of that "should." , good meeting you.
Stuck at the dream center...what to do???
oh shit. Hahaha. He said gravy running in my big veins
I love your feminine snark!! All of it!
now days these females ain't doing 3sums to impress they man they doing it for themselves
Seriously though, there's something with New York fans that makes them think they're better than everyone else.
Awesome job! Keep up the good work--Only place where its cool to be a loser! Down 15 with 15 to go
Things are not looking good so far.
There are iced muffins in one of the lounges at my hospital. Its taking all my self restraint to not sexually assault them
It's really awkward to suck on a lollipop with a tongue ring.... 0_o
is Bill Pay down? Clicking Pay Bills just redirects to my account page. Last night received error mess. Been down for 12+ hrs
Heading to Florida
nice! Maybe you need people to test them out first? Lol ;)
but u know im taling to u
May 11,1942 Daily Express: Hitler Given Last Warning. "If Germany uses gas against Russians we will use it against Germany. - Churchill."
I'm gonna fail my math test and I'm blaming (:
Great day at practice, I hope all thisweek pretty weather holds up, the running is great and through sparring I lost like 5 lbs today
good!! hahah!! same as everyday working hard for austin to see this video :))! wbu?
Editing all afternoon! Lots and lots to do!
i tweeted a while ago and it didn't appeared ! Damn u twitter ! : P
sailor Jerry prevented the devil from being part of the party
Still no text smh sis...s..m....h
I do have a delicate side. - Michelle Rodriguez (Actress)
Laker fan for Life win or Loose
this is the first tweet of the rest of your lives
; what's up with all of these model agencies calling me..?!
One thing to mention on the 999 plan is that without it we are loosing out on sales tax from internet sales.
Back in the studio. Taking the 1st step to learn our new recording software, Logic Pro 8. Hardest part is getting started. Baby steps.
Yes, and thought I was OK. Then this AM realized I hadn't paid and sure enough they called in the afternoon.
Work today and tonight!
hm, let's do it.
sounds exciting! Will you trade potstickers for waffles??? ;-)
AMAZING SHOW!!!!!
Overtime intermission, i think they are heading back
#ThankYouLord because I know that you have great plans for me, plans that i cannot even see yet, and i give you #thanks ahead of time!
Hahahaa!! Thank you! Oyyy, and my many nicknames.
apparently there is debate re: whether/when "adults" should join class conv online, or just moderate them. such a different model!
I finally see Blake get a chase down dunk
FOLLOW ME IF YOU LOVE
Rec'd the email about PodcampAZ becoming #TechPhx. Now the LAST #PodcampAZ shirts make sense. I still need to buy one of those
oh fahteetee I didn't know u felt that way... FREAK
- Thank you! If you are interested, I can give you a good discounted price. :)
i'll punch em ALL in the face!
old colored woman just came into the office asking questions...i dont feel comfortable now
for good?
Hey Mom... What? Your fang is hanging out again. Hahaha
Phone just auto corrected my "ha!" into "hats!". Sent it anyway and will just claim it's brand new slang.
me! I'll cross the line for it...hahaha
Tasting through some new roasts today. A Brazil auction lot and a bright espresso blend...
better follow me to billybob! ! and no we not following u! Lol
“: If you lost it then it wasn't true love! Love doesn't leave, it stands, fights, and grows stronger!”
the Internet appreciates your opinion.
ready to play #NCBB tomorrow.
That is amazing!
crowd support must've worked as Timmy gets Ramirez on soft, sinking liner to LF; still 3-0 MIL, but SF has hint of momentum after the escape
I got a sex drive push to start
Will do!
Tickets purchased for Bruce at Nats Park would be so proud
Random observation -- Dennis Wideman looked awful in that first period against New York. Then again, he's been awful all postseason.
Hope you are having an awesome time!! Stick with the wine over there. Mojitos when u get back
That awkward moment when a Mike Tyson looking dude stops and asks you for some money and you have no change.
yes with surgery
I won't be able to attend the FA meeting today. If you tweet about the program, please use the hashtag
He just doesn't know yet;D
A man's true intentions are justified. =) haha RT : A BOY'S true intentions are always hidden
Sometimes the people we've known for a short amount of time have the biggest impact on our lives, even more than those we've known forever
#ThingsIReallyCantStand Rude people
Happy Pi Day!! Celebrate by eating pie or calculating numbers.....3.1415926535 8979323846...whatever you prefer. :)
I never finish anythi
The gauntlet has been thrown down! At MLS broadcast meetings, where ESPN rep called Seattle atmosphere unmatched. Haven't seen Timbers yet!
Kc's Alley in Ambler makes a very mediocre Cajun chicken sandwich.
oh, fun!
Even the sun sets in paradise. <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0085>
Awe, they at the mall keeping mee company (:
thnx for following Follow for unprofessional tweets
which room?
Pretty much what I say too -- public library has all of them! And I do think parents should know about MG reading.
Zing! #NotReally RT : we are uk? I didn't know united kingdom was recruiting troy lol
LOL at people who treat facebook like twitter .
Couple working to start nonprofit that would offer equine therapy
Join the galaxy or get lost in space we are Da Future!!
So you can get into mid-grade restaurants...duh
I like goodwill
Wow. Giants escape Houston house of horrors with a very unlikely win and get to come back home somehow only 1 1/2 games out! Again, wow!
why did u have it for so long?? :O
they already r btw can u checkout and follow u will luv him :)
work is good! Finally got promoted!
To be fair, they also publish huge amounts of material on their site. The more formats , the better
Today must be the day all my friends call by mistake. Sulk. Maybe I'll change my name to Zanthoula.
What are you reading for #fridayreads on this lovely February day?
At bank one teller wearing flip flops the other is without shoes...casual friday indeed.
Tip: If you survey me and ask if I want to be contacted about my (bad) experience and I say yes, then **contact me**
Change is good, in many cases.
I used to go to elementary school Dangerous Dame (Damon Edwards). Anyone know if he's still making music back in #OaklandUSA?
Bailey please follow me !! Your amazing <U+2764><U+2764>
Next destination: npark, then american airlines center
Are you helping your kids pull off any light hearted April Fools Day pranks this year?
boys suck
And we have hail in Sussex.
oh my. shopping on is dangerous! so good today!
I would love to see you blog post on how you got hummingbird running on heroku.
You mean I can't update my sexy amazing picture
Elements short for Elements Floor & Design is having a huge Showroom Spring Sale!! Stop by and check it out.. 13000 N Hwy 183 Ste#100 Austin
thanks so much man! really appreciate it! RT I love acoustic music, you make good music! fate brother!
It's all cloudy outside. Very relaxing.
where's my sandwich
Thanks. Glad to hear things are going well for you with ! Have an awesome weekend!
Just loaded up my iPod with some serious 80s tunes...I cannot wait to workout tomorrow...maybe I'll just go for a second run today!
We are featured on Groupon Daily Deals for Las Vegas! Hair Cut, Style, Brown Sugar scalp scrub & Keratin Glazing only $35!
Regardless, I hope you'll spread the word. First time we've had a #digitalhumanities happy hour in Austin, I think.
@ me ? Thought soo..
Follow me ya girl mika
Hey Aaron thanks for follow, it is spring in Boise yet? Still winter here in Seattle.
thank you!! :) xox
are persevering through an electrical problem. They haven't stopped and the crowd continues to cheer them on.
It just means that the conversation didn't have any legs. It's sad when you want to talk. Oh wells.
Can't get any sleep. I'm tired as hell and my head hurts.
Omg he just touched that guy :O
thanks for giving up your chat opportunities to help our TAH teachers, you did a great job! OVEC appreciates your work!
Knock it off.
That's a neck! Girl stop hahaha
I felt the same way but once you graduate, you're gonna miss high school. I didnt think i would, but i was wrong.
also it's 60 and sunny. i love california.
what's going on with ur internet?
Smells like grilling, #StPaul!
If you have a Comcast Xfinity SMCD3GNV Gateway, try switching wifi settings from auto to channel 11. 30mbps constant now.
We're gearing up for the ! We're giving away something every day at our booth... from concert tickets to gift cards!
btw saw your video mike sent me.
"Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." - Harold R. McAlindon
Yeay! Thank you, You ROCK!
Nothing like your email program crashing just as you're preparing to send an important message
#FirstTime... pretty sure my mom bribed me as a child as a reward for getting shots!
aww ill miss you.
Come meet the BACHELORS that are participating in the 2012 FIREMAN Auction that benefits the BURN FOUNDATION at REVOLVER TONIGHT!
Lol, which is y I have never been. Not makin big bucks coachin hs b-ball here n Graceville, Fl There are no hs coaches doin it4the$
Off to catch a movie :)
Mad props for the Foreigner reference!
working here today... dressed all green now underneth...panties, slip and hose.... later party time indeed Dr
sad to say it but they guy i bumped everyday for the longest time eminem i just dont find appealing or good to listen to
Movie recommendation is Brendan Fraiser in "Encino Man"
Hybridity vs. Teaching with Technology — How are people differentiating them?
...people do coke "ironically"?
Ugly sweater party....half are wearing ugly sweater....semi fail.
oh no
Cant go to the #Brewers game saturday... Four tickets in section 209. Let me know if you're interested.
Qld bovine embryos to US - Stock and Land
I loved the finale! What was your favorite part about filming it?
Not a good night. Note to self: buy new spare tire.
yeah when are you going there?
Sometimes watching you makes me feel good
Denver friends, I'm vending tomorrow at Shimmy 2B Free!!
We need to have a west side reunion
Interesting. The Dispatch endorsed Romney for the March 6 primary.
Ah! Client has officially been notifies of #MBA thesis preso time. It's all so real (and SOON)!
So if you want to get them chords right and play like the big boyz.....,.
why is Idaho st v Miami blocked on ESPN
Duke players hope to build chemistry
#SALONSATURDAY is amazing! Come in to get a manicure or pedicure...all the rest of the salon (hair & spa) are booked.
Joe! Good luck with whatever you got going on today!!!
'A'ohe lokomaika'i i nele i ke pana'i. No kind deed has ever lacked its reward. - Hawaiian Words of WIsdom.
Of course! I have more than one story for you... hahaha
It's pouring but still very very sunny. Welcome to Florida.
Monday morning. -.-
I will never miss your pick ever again. I missed out on NEOM, but I cant wait for your next one. greetings from Toronto
it was tons of fun!
I'm with and want to chat about Insta API. I'll be in Austin briefly for business on 4/10-12. Coffee? If so, DM me
I love my wife , she's the best!
saw him critique pitches today at a conference and am giggling just thinking of the initial convo! :-O
Happy Mother's Day! Enjoy!
Moaning will not only make you concentrate on what's going on, it'll make him feel excited and want to do more
On my way to pick up the girls... LET FESTIVAL HA'RIKUD 2012 BEGIN!!! :D
thinks that if your relationship status says, ""It's complicated"" that you should stop kidding yourself and change it to ""Single""
what about 7:15 tomorrow night? That gives me time to cook after work, but still hang out! How's the drive to San Marcos going?
Looking for a bartender/caterer licensed in NYC to serve drinks at an internet week party on May 17th. Any leads?
Do you have any specific tips on building your resume or CV?
guys we can't swing anymore :( hahaha
When did they announce it? We need on board for the tailgate. Not sure if we can stream uverse.
we gotta hang out soon
yea either in there or in the med school
to "reddit" you have to act like u know everything, then pretend you wouldnt have sex with anyone who isnt a perfect 10
"I'm just going to write because I cannot help it." Charlotte Bronte, born on this day in 1816.
I've been looking for a list of museums on Second Life. Thanks for posting!
Laying down, listening to music, thinking ---> best times.
I just worked 20 hours straight. Time for some sleepin'.
“: Would it be wrong to watch Across the Universe again? 4th time in 3 days?!” love that movie, and you.
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you<U+2665> 10
How are things? My wife renamed my phone entry, and now when her phone rings, it says, "Call from: Rebel Base"
for favoriting me when ever it was that you done this I'm touched.*SMILES AND HUGS * thanks again
proud to be your friend! My life is a million times better because your in it! Rawh!!!!
Finally Got My ID From ! Den He Lost My Shitt, Had Ta Findd It. He A Bad Ass Buddy. Swea'
What's different between yesterday and today?
I gotta go to work
I know! Seriously I miss your pretty face! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
"Basically your a queer!"
So #stpatricksday is likea cross between mardi gras, halloween and new years eve only everyone just wears green.
Muthafukn police bout to wish they never met my ass
when the game comes out i hope to have a new computer in place to play. 8 gigs. ram and a new video card and a SSD hard drive.
That would be awesome
Sitting with all the cool kids at the #wckc Publisher track. I'm the uncool one w/o a Mac or a clever tshirt.
Wow Rangers, and I thought the Brewers were good a pissing away games.
You lie. And what's worse, you lie right to my Twitter face. Which has a kitty! For shame, Gizmo.
#LinkedIn app for iPad - finally - is very nice. Almost worth the wait.
All 150 passengers on #USAir 1549 appear to be alright! Thank goodness for that!
No joke, sister! I've got a house full of 'em for a little girl slumber party tonight. Thank God for Barbie DVDs. :)
I really wanna be a model.
“The Fighters of Justice Saves their Mother and "Learns to Never Give Up" will be released on December 27, 2010. www.fightersofjustice.com
oh wow lol
with mines
RT would eagles take a chance on Jenkins or go safer with Boykins or Heyward?>> Can see them taking more chances outside 1st round
Haha, what does that even mean?! Either way, I'm jealous :)
Proper breathing is the fundamental source of healing.
Taking a coffee at Starbucks.
The Son of Odin would TOTALLY OWN Green Lantern.
it's hello!
I admit, I examine backgrounds in twitcons....
#salesforce and #radian6 will hunt you down.
filled in for absent Lee Smith for the google docs session at 10 am in C216 had about 40 peeps!
bye im sobering up dnt worry bout me kk
What amazes me is that there's still a widespread market for this when there are so many good online repositories.
Congrats Robin.
Hearing Jesus loves you is nice to hear...unless ur locked up in a mexican prison.
that's actually pretty conservative of her...
Don't miss out the live performance of Selena Gomez tomorrow in West Hollywood, CA. Call us now for some remaining show tickets:888-493-0004
Hey! I'm doing great! I'm in Florida now working. How have you been?
Sorry all only had time for some quick retweets today. To much to do to little time. But some of the deals seamed pretty good. Enjoy.
AH CONGRATS!!!
On Wed makes his debut. Don’t miss the best industry night in town
chudney, Reggie, Felipe, Hamilton, grant, Ron...that was some team His freshman year!
My weekend is fucking fantastic!!!!! I did my summer clothes shopping yesterday!!! :)
Your Welcome!!!
have you heard?
ya Im on a softball team with some of my friends and we have a doubleheader tonite. My friend nick is trying to get a job there!
Shut up! Impressed! Just lost to (but in a good way) I'll be hitting you up for sure!
oh my gosh it does D: I feel horrible
Hey everybody follow !! He's a cutie;)
i would be too it's cold!
I get this message: Sorry, the page you were looking for in the blog Experience: The Blog does not exist.
The Clippers have a deep bench!
well, not any more
My sister bought it for me! D: LOL RT : DA FUCK ARE JEW DOIN @ SONIC WITHOUT ME!?
I wish i was more i disapoint everyone including myself i wish i could just be enough i want to be better this depression kills me inside
if they sold #chicago in a bottle I'd be drunk all the time.
Stomach Virus SUCKS !!
gotta wear those dress slacks with the elastic lolololol. No belt lolololo
"We are not interested in the possibilities of defeat; They do not exist." - A.J.Balfour
LA Angels desperately need to go trout fishing their offense sucks right now
not good..does anyone know who it was?
Sorry I'm eating a sandwich in the library.... No I'm not.
percy just HAS A FUNNY FACE
This is about to be a long two days -____-
Goodnight everyone<3 been a good day! and with 10 Mins left, HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! for like the 5000th time<3
How is it that every year the old people beat us in kickball?
there are lemon bars too.
Excited to be interviewing () tomorrow! Send us any last minute Qs u hav: thebizden #WeLoveEntrepreneurs :)
DC inspection station record time. In and out in 5 minutes.
watchin the lakers and the clippers with hot coffee
girl dosent look CLOSE to columbian
I'm watching that too!!:)
I really enjoy having a bad day until coming to work, hearing "Boogie Shoes" and immediately change moods. THANKS JAMES!
OMG! I'm so sorry best friend! I had food poisoning a few weeks ago. First time too! It was horrible! How have you been? ILY!
maybe u shud share one of those
ooowww u so nasty.... Bt i like it:-) Kmsl... Where r u?
Raging Bitch may be my new flavor of the week.
The fun starts in just ONE hour! Come on down and get signed up for your FREE trial classes at 4:00, 5:00, 6:00, or 7:00!
breathe deeply and stay present to the feelings in your heart!
Big congrats Jaime )
Staying unsure of my overall purpose (a rare state) but looking forward to 2011 $ tally only b/c specifics, whatever they are, give comfort.
three crackers? :'P where can you get them?
Meeting with the architect = brilliant! Can't wait to see those sketches turned into our Institute. Grow Together - here we come!
im trying lol
I know some, not all. looking forward to meeting new #lbs tweeps though
Singer songwriters series showcase is tonight from 8p-12a. Cantab Lounge Cambridge, MA. 21+ show, $6 cover. www.plectrumentertainment.com
Accent modification services are in demand! Meeting with a potential client this afternoon.
Illinois, the best place I'll ever be...going in a few weeks
Are you going too?? :D
Congrats to our friends with the Timberwolves. The stadium bill includes funding for a much-needed Target Center remodeling.
You ah.
Now following Free listings still open at http:/shopdinestay.net
I wish I was in my #Teddybear's arms right now...<3
you're just the BEST BITCH ever to keep me going....and that is saying a fucking lot!!! <U+2665> <U+2764> <U+2765> <U+2763> <U+2766> <U+2767>.
The keys on the pianos just keeps on going and going
Ebook promotion idea: if you loan readers, put something on the device (like a sticker) to promote the service.
#Cincinnati condolences to the Birckhead family on the death of Oliver. Long time leader of Central Trust Bank - conventional to the core.
Chill-dren of the Corn
It's a great course, I took it last year.
I'm sorry love and THANK YOU SO MUCH!(: and you stunning as well(:
cast interviews will be coming to you soon! Final shoot in June and then this film is a wrap
Live by the Golden Rule. Whoever has the most gold, rules.
yay! Congrats! Any names yet??
homie from the crib
Some times you have stalkers you want to avoid ... Sometimes want to give love but don't want Folks to be like there he is & Holla
John Esposito on the importance of this project: "Multifaith understanding is important for both people of faith as well as for citizens."
I made it out. Thx for all the calls and text. My Hawaiian outfit will now be rockin.
#IfIDieTomorrow I can at least say I made my life very interesting. Not everyone can say that.
haterz lick my pussy!!!!!!
long blonde dreaded* locks!
What a behind-the-scenes look!
Kerry Wood, Y U NO ALLOW RUN?!
Jeff Long. Went to school with and may have been to the row once before...
honestly ran out of characters and "hate" was only word similar that would fit. Apologies.
Holler. RT : Visitors looking at screens in museums to exclusion of exhibits is a content-not a technology-problem.
I be ballin' all alone like the gym is vacant.
Oh god. You.... are aDORable!
Sigh... Is it that bad. I had to stop looking at my copy because I keep finding things to fix. It will never be perfect.
The economy is so bad that girls are putting summer dresses on layaway... at Aritzia. And by girls, I mean me.
Happy Birthday, William Shakespeare!
Do you think you could kill a loved one if they became a zombie?
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.
ManU fans are worse than Yankees fans and are as bad as Boston fans.
darts are on nbc sports net. reminds me of the time i beat the 16th ranked polish darts player in a warsaw bar 3 years ago. fact. seriously
i will b over in a minute
Glad you are having a great time. :) Can't wait for the premiere of
i need to get drunk. my life is too stressful. i think I'm having a mid life crisis.
Tomorrow at 10 a.m. (9/4)-- More Than the Score lecture, Wahoowa: History of Virginia Cavalier Football with Kevin Edds and Coy Barefoot!
YOU BETTER COME
Out of cream for the coffee. Yikes!
is thankful to for great tutorials on youtube.com
Anyone have any fun plans for the weekend? Happy #Saturday!
3x first team pac10, 2008 offensive POY, one of the top pac10 career rushing leaders. Yes, he's a legend. End of story.
What did Zimmerman get for hitting Hamels? If nothing, that's BS!
There's this Wharton guy around town.
for real though I need to take that test
Hope all goes well with my gramps
Today we picked up 's option. So he'll be staying with us for a while longer. Big win for us.
Thanks Dean!
Wayne County Airport Outreach on February 23, looking forward to partcipating!
and now to book a flight :)
I wish it was different... But, it is what it is.
Bye guys love ya<3
Hitler wasn't such a bad guy, after all, he did kill Hitler.
If a directioner says they love all the guys but u then they're not Directioners
#beatcancer 10 cents! ding ding ding
Twitter I've missed you! Now that midterms are over I can finally celebrate being 21! Woot woot.
Lady Gaga's MTV Documentary Gets 'Emotional'
haha. I know!
dude...nice little downpour at the compound right now.
All the time God is Good
Happy Mother's Day!
“: First time I seen the sun in like 10 days” is that what the big yellow thing in the sky is?
Come to Bogart's with us tonight and see The Last Troubadour.
haha saw that earlier, unreal
“: What time does the takeover begin tomorrow?” all on at 7PM & a second 1414 will be tapped at 9PM for the latecomers
It's a fair offer if you need two starters, but I'd rather have forte if the rest of your team is strong
Miss you!
I wish I was on . So you think you could dance :(
May be eating crow on this BOA....lol
uuh do you even care? “ Ask me if i care?”
James Harden's beard sweeps the floor with the defending champ #Mavs. Time to rebuild Mark Cuban. Bring D-Will to Dallas.
Whitney Huston tribute tonight @ Salmon Springs park. We're there Live
Needs too check her notes on her phone ^.^
IT IS THE WORST. I mostly just dislike house guests in general, haha. Especially during the work week.
Hope you have an exciting 2012!!!
Thanks to all who came to Town Hall last night. We're proud of all our performers, poets, composers and volunteers who made it possible!
You're just too good to be true, can't take my eyes off of you. You'd be like heaven to touch, I wanna hold you so much. <3
i hope im a hot adult
come over! after my bro leaves I'll prob hang here for a little bit before I go to the library
Goodbyes are always hard no matter how many times..
I'm on YouTube. I have 36 views. 35 are my own. Who could be the other?
#followmekianlawley PLEASE FOLLOW ME! It will be the best birthday wish ever!
Did you know MKE has a postal statue? It's on Plankintin and Wells. A demonstration for postal workers will be there
camera system currently installed.....i love it now stay the fuck away from my door, bitch!
And he think im finna cry over him...
Just finished sending our Round 2 Commercial Facade Improvement applications in! 7 applicants - over $55000 request. Wish us luck!
Packing up campaign lit for the Dem candidate forum tonight in Pinecrest.
Hehe good for u????
Finally home from the piano bar, too much singing.~~~lol~~Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.~~Albert Einstein
yup - added it and playing it...great song!!!
I sure will... I have a bunch of shows that week too! Let's hang out & let me know when your shows are! I wanna come (:
Today at BDW we have started boneless wings combo for 6.99 for a med frie and drink
This game is a fucking shitshow. I feel like I'm at the circus watching a bunch of clowns.
Me: "good news hun, looks like Hart will be in the lineup tomorrow." Wife: "ah, that's not good news, he sucks."
Jealous. Also curious: examples of artifacts to be considered as instances of non-digital sound mapping?
Nothing like finishing your workout at 8:20 PM on a Sunday night.
Taking Sunset Blvd from Brentwood to WeHo during rush hour was not the best idea.
Smh lol RT Craig has on a suit made out of Mike Brown's suit lining. lol
She makes a wish on every single star she sees, yeah somewhere deep down she believes
O/T period for #MISLChampionship game 2 underway
First morning at #dtl2011, new attendee welcome session.
Best smoke this side of FLORIDA.
Logan Square Kitchen announces closing, citing burdensome city regulations: Here's an excerpt from and linkto her full post: It's a s...
Love you!!!
so happy for your guy
When in doubt - get out of there and know that you hold the answer or at least know where to get it.
The same stream of life that runs through my veins night and day runs through the world and dances in rhythmic measures
Help us spread the word around the #NW !! You don't want to miss 2010!!
Thank you for including my tweet
Already missing San Diego! I knew it wouldn't take long =/
have your agent do it. Saves a lot of time
Congratulations to Lynn Slawsky of the Public Library Association, winner of the raffle for a free Grantwriting Workshop !
It seems we are having some bold and beautiful brides this year. I am seeing some vibrant colors from hot pink to turquoise. I love it!
Find friends who live in the area.
no clue! I found it in my photos! Lol!
Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent.
THE MORE OPTIONS, THE LESS FAITHFUL!
Haha! That's kind of amazing. Cheesy, but still amazing. Lol
yes. Words to tweet by.
Bring some marshmallows to the show sat because red devil lounge is gonna BURN
Not true. I'm extremely complicated in my simplicity.
and I aint subtweeting anyone just speaking on what i feel
In another life....
Your Neighborhood Plumber for NYC & Lower Westchester No extra charges nights, weekends, holidays or emergencies...24/7
Tired and Hungry and Mad as all hell
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 19
Start every day with a smile and get it over with. ~W.C. Fields
Hanging out with and others tonight, let's hope this weather stays nice<U+E04A><U+E04A>
Ok I'm finally in there guys! lol im not an egg anymore show some love! follow me at you know i got you back.
is telling everyone to tweet that same thing?
I never actually sent my Santa letters to Santa. I would give them to my parents so they could "send" them for me.
just getting off bus
RT : SVG: "It's 12:02 right now. If they wanna fire me at 12:05, I'll go home & find something to do. I'll have a good day."
Post-Mother's Day chocolate crash.
Computer is being gay ... -__- .
No need to thank me my music friend yet it is appreciated. Continued success!!!
France is the home of the baguette, that savory, crisp staple of a fabled gastronomy.
Just tapped Elysian Peste Chocolate Chili Ale.
hey can u mension me please?
I am tired of a "focus on the bad things" model of justifying digital citizenship lessons.
A throw of the dice will never abolish chance.
Attm, best chances for adverse combination of snow/wind with impending storm will be between La Crosse and Madison...
yeah like, they could be a pedo for all you know.
One downside of #lisa10 - I'm "working" on a holiday.
RT Giving tuition to Policy Studies staff on use of digress.it. Want to use it to support critical reading of legislation
The question has been posed on my FB - what is Jay-Z's worst album?
#BestMemoryof2011 When I met Greyson Chance...
Happy opening day Brewers fans! Don't forget that you can get Louie's and Booyah at the craft beer kiosks and Hop Happy inside Fridays!
Not sure that response from helps. Districts collect waste but directs them on the content of your bin.
indeed, we did! thanks! has baby #3 arrived?!!!
HAH! RT : I figured out why #50ShadesofGrey is so bad. It started out as Twilight fan fiction!
Black Saturday at Ulana's on 2nd and bainbridge tonight!
my cat died today... Good enough excuse?
. Good info, Carol. And one that, as you know, speaks volumes to me.
Damn, I took a nap earlier now I'm gonna be up all night. Greeeeeaaaaaatttttt
Well I had tough day today I'm bout to take a well deserved rest tho although I do need to make a call
he's okay . not a big fan of him , though .
I just climbed out of a cottonwood tree I was runnin from some honey bees drip dryin in the summer breeze <3
We are counting down - almost SHOWTIME!!
Time to hit the gym
In the studio this week crafting the original score for 's new children's book. Abt to educate a new generation of child geniuses
Aww, thank you so much! I just can't wait & it's ONLY 2 weeks away that I leave!! :-)
90s RnB >>>>>>>> - way better than the fuckery that's out now
Hey! I love that your determination to make something happen, has given people hope.
I know that is a coder at heart!
I CAN'T HANDLE THIS ALDFKSF AND I'M MEETING YOU AND JAZ AND EMMA I'M SO EXCITED
yeahh. Later. Where are you from?
Thank you so much(: it means a lot!
Bizarre scanner traffic...
Vegan 101 series is in pre-production for Season Two. Please help us raise funds by donating to us today. www.vegan101series.com
you clenched that pun opportunity from me!
and #HIMYM. I win.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY my birthday sucked but I hope yours is awesome RT please
Love your tweets :)
Romney's past bullying of a gay classmate may help solidify his #regressive base, but hopefully it alienates at least as many undecideds.
Get all Coverage of the Superbowl and Pro Bowl! Ill be saying whats happening. (No Half-time Song Lyrics. = /) =)
just had a great massage <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I get out from school on June 15. Can't believe one of my best years in school is coming to an end..
Boston: Why honk your horn for only 2 seconds when you can hold the sucker down? Just let 'er rip in the middle of the night for no reason!
looks good!
if you are on facebook, you should LOVE us. or like us.
great example!
ur parents just dont like whore's i guess....
It smells like rain and sounds like Thunder. Got to love a good rainy Friday.
Send me a plate telekinetically.
"Power concedes nothing without a demand" Gwen Ifill quotes frederick Douglas
it's okay you're still cool, I guess ;o
Hey ! is doing the MBM of Real v Bayern!
hey guys!
Determined Simple Plan's "Welcome to my Life" will be my anthem for the rest of the night... shit.
Sending off auditions for Army Wives! Role of EMT and Doctor!
Not too bad after Wednesday. Let's do late this week or next!
FREE VITAMINS! Just text HEALING to 91944
I know those "omg I cannot believe this photo of you!" DMs mean nothing, but don't they make you kind of self conscious anyway?
Text TREY to 79922
I swear one day I'ma do it BIG and all you "friends" are going to be there asking for a share . . . where were you when I needed you?
Getting ready to carb load for the OneAmerica 500 festival mini marathon. Not running just cheerleading. Watching all those runners just...
#20SongsILove 10- what makes you beautiful by One Direction. 11- stuck in the moment by Justin Bieber. 12- Stay by miley cyrus.
#howtopissyourgirloff call her a B I T C H
just watched the Torres hit on Hossa, its disgusting what hockey has become. i bet Torres only gets 3 games for that.
Ayyyy ain't been on here in a min.,wusz gud twitter
what you doin in ma neck of the woods?
all defense for the #Packers. Word is that we've found some steals in the draft. In Ted we trust! Nice win too for Forest.
i needs to hit the club
336yds!! RT : trivia q: what is mark sanchez's career high for passing yards in a single game? reply w/ answer 4 chance to win
Your lucky cuz this year is the Year of the Dragon
Will there be any tour dates in the San Francisco Bay Area this summer? We would love for you to come here again.
Girl u smokin
A Day In the Life of a Blogging Housewife « Traditional Christianity
Getting ready for our Halloween Hustle Fun Run on Saturday! Over 3,000 CPS students & families will be celebrating being active!
then I can meet her!
Mat Latos, meet Dusty Baker.
Yoga tomorrow. Bout to get ill. Welcome to the superswol!
good choice for video.Quick tip: make sure the eye viewer is covered it affects exposure.
I had patio furniture delivered from I wasnt home when it arrived. Delivery guy called me and literally called me "mother f*cker"
Nuggets Pre Game Show,5-8p 93.7 Denver Sports Nation w/ & w/ special guests &
how true that is.
NO idea! My application/resume has been changed to eligible and referred to the selecting officer for further review.
Glad you decided to check out !RT i was skeptical about at 1st but i listened & they are actually good
#ihateitwhen you hit the following limit!
No matter how many times you tell someone you love them if you don't TRUST them that "love" aint shit!
In the end, what we all want, is to know we made a difference and our life made others lives better....
I respect your opinion...
it's a rough time going, friend.
Check out all the rad guys. Own Up, Cognitive Atrophy, Dime Fiction, Defendants, Anodyne Solace, and KPConcerts Memphis!
One thing on my bucket list >> go to a panda express drive through(:
College football begins this week !!! Woo Hoo.
no fuck you
A woman on the subway just checked out my shoes the way guys on the subway check out women. #genderdisruption?
Just chillen at the downtown in the afternoon :D wbu?
I'll take hugs instead ;-)
The May issue of L&L is out! #ISTE members and nonmembers alike can read articles at www.iste.org/LL.
Well, the video is finalizing, but I don't think it'll be done tonight since I have to go to sleep :/ It will be up in the morning though!
Thank you so much for following me:)
RT : I just sent the best OKC message ever. I swear, if I don't get a response I'll just have to go on living my life.
I guess so but still, that should not be happening
My sisterinlaw thinks she looks like Kim Kardashian when I curl her hair . Lmfaao
That is a lot to ask, but luckily there wasn't much to tweet about.
seriously, i get them ALL THE TIME ;)
hows everyone's crappy rainy morning? good. eat some toast. that'll help.
love you
hey do you play fantasy soccer/futbol/whatever?
any team other than the 13x World Champion Green Bay Packers still suck!
#Survivor...Jury time!!!
It's the end of march and I'm listening to 's Christmas album... I regret nothing.
that's weak, maybe I'll make it to the bay soon
yes, we are very excited! We went shopping last night for some puppy essentials :)
i hate being sick
I'm pretty excited - just put a deposit down on a table.
Hola Pablo! I hope you are doing well. How's the ABC going?
Why the assumption that I'm not fasting?
sharpies or nailpolish
Shiitttt, my room is to cold! -__-
Congratulations on making your decision! Let me know if there's anything I can do to help you get started!
It's like my new goal to save up for an indian headdress..
dusting off my html skills which have totally atrophied since library school
damn aron that looks bomb af!
Today: sat in on talks. Then learned we now have an urban beehive. now literally buzzing with good ideas.
Thanks for the follow back, guys! Keep doing awesome things!
Just talked to Chaka Khan. Shocked to find out she's shy & doesn't listen to music. See our chat Friday AM
I CAN LOOK INTO THIS MIRROR EVERYDAY AND SHE MYSELF IN PAIN BUT ONLY I CAN EZ IT UP
movies an official disaster than.
Anything from Norway MUST be good! ;)
Hey, Andrew. Tiffany had mentioned you're in search for interns. Would love to hear more about the company. Thanks!
thanks for following! Please spread the word :)
do you know if any of the and which one's r gonna b @ bowlero tomorrow 4 bowl 4 the cure?
Now we're creeping up on 200...
Literally just finished screening the film w & and your performance was dam adorable & strong! Dam u!
Love is not blind - it sees more, not less. But because it sees more, it is willing to see less -Rabbi Julius Gordon
help Washington since all they do is loose money and apple makes money
I don't think we should be friends any more.
Also, happy birthday Peace Corps!
I've heard caffeine can help a headache. I just drank 1 liter of pop, and now I have a caffeine headache. no other news to report here.
Tryna get paid for each day on my calendar.
NEW TWITTER NEW TWITTER GUISE. !!!
Up getting ready for the world
Hope the first aid box was properly stocked for you!
RT : Waiting for my melatonin to kick in.
u know I gotcha
Do good, O Lord, to those who are good, to those who are upright in heart. Psalm 125,4 plz rt
Yes. Whether or not the business model is sound depends on the biz's ability to make money at a given sales volume.
Anything Alex Award-winning is always a safe bet and very often standalones.
BETTY DRAPER IS BACK
Bob Feller
we are writing the treatment. Thanks for any information you can offer.
wtf is my dad doing outside??? is he hoola hoopin?!
be prepared to read the whole books in one sitting, I read all of catching fire yesterday couldn't put it down! So good!
Bahaha!!! And most people don't know "they're" shit!!!
2 more shows announced for October! We will be playing oct 7th at bayside bowl 630, and Oct 28 at big easy with . YES.
Sorry for the retweeting spree, but that was some funny shit.
Woke up this morning dreaming that someone was trying to kill me and Tony Soprano. Gotta stop watching HBOgo
nice alternative to Instagram
2 bad bitches at tha same damn time!
New Zombie Crawl website coming very very shortly.
husband accidentally bought "special fashion issue" of people. issue is all kate middleton. she really needs to quit dieting.
MT Hey !! Re defense of "anti-piracy" legislation #SOPA and #PIPA they don't work, they can't achieve, send them back
hello there iOS 5, I've been waiting for you :-)
lol hell yea
Stayed out east last night, gotta be there tonight for the candle light!
lol was that you as a kid jenni too cute!
That works! Lol
Fried brioche doughnut holes with raspberry preserves and meyer lemon curd!!!!!
Hahahahahaha. You're killing me with these. I love you! :)
eatin taco bell :)
TYVM Sweetie <U+2665> I Pray u get to feeling better soon!! XOXO
i do not believe it... ok i do! XD
Shooting an entry for the Doritos Crash the Superbowl Contest today. Beautiful morning down here in San Diego :-)
Wow, what a reception! Thanks all #baconfam!
Good Morning!
In da library
good lookin' out
Bout to go get a haircut
Hmm I'm sure thats an estimate just to keep us from filling it with 8 pages worth of images hah. Maybe aim for close to that?
Sunny, beautiful & surprisingly cool tonight with strong headwind.
he really did that?! That such a twisting of the bible. But according to him "I'm a fake Christian" lol
Thanks for the RT, David!
Any idea when repeats start on TBS?
kmsl thank u big head
you know the person your going to marry is walking right now on this earth? Well just gonna say its probably me;) xoxo
THANKS!!!! Ah
not at all haha
When is the next one
HubSpot’s software helps your eCommerce business grow
Tweet me the craziest thing you've done cause or for Austin and i'll RT them <33
burgers are good youins
Yes it would cody :)
#Heartattack For Men , 'Culture of Honor ' Can Be Deadly Title: For Men , 'Culture of Honor ' Can Be Deadly Category: Health News Created:
#oomf ain't wanna hang wit me today!
RT thanks & belated happy anniversary! :)
“: Tune in to the at 8:30pm to watch on ” Wow! Lookin' good!!
Spinning - Brighter Day...wish he came out with a new album with just this style of House!
First #Packer game of the season!! $2 pints and $3.25 Huge Mugs!! 8 HD big screens!!! The brand new Brass Monkey #Milwaukee 700 East Layton!
No score after 1 complete. Cavaliers left two runners on in 1st. Bowdren, M. Harris, Hawkins due up for #UVA in 2nd.
Send message to TO ENTER... WINNER PICKED AT 5:45 PM.. for #sounderfc vs. houston... the ultimate ticket upgrade! Tell us why?
thanks for the important work you do!
Nothing more satisfying than the work I do. Saving lives one day at a time.
I want some International Love
I wish I could, but I'm showing homes again tonight!
There I was none the wiser both of us different trajectories who'd of thought we'd be right here in this spot, timing is everything
Spokeswoman from JetBlue: "passengers will be reimbursed for the flight and receive a credit for twice the value of their ticket"
Follow Successipes and send press releases to
Going with hubby to check out a Montessori school for our 4 year old! Anyone have kids in mont
wat up bighead
Emma! I miss you!!! Are you coming tomorrow?
I started beginners #french classes Going International!!
You didn't mention in your last tweet! He is also super creative!
Hey just discovered you from tyler and woow you have an AMAZING Voice!(: keep up the good work
Oh, I just meant we'd have Christmas next weekend. Sorry, the cookies will be stale by then. ;)
Real fans know what you bring to the game..Michael Jordan is retired, Kobe is next to...Without you the NBA is done!
just ha at u... I invented that shit
i like juice
u looked fucked up
I wish tinker would leave me alone..
It's beer :30 on Friday afternoon... what are you still doing sitting at your desk????
Thank U !!
Bruno Mars is performing...no comment
Oh is that so??!! Well don't I get a flash pass??
NEW Pasquini's Location Opening in the Denver Tech Center! MAY 2010!
Application Deadlines EXTENDED for some Spring 2012 programs! It's a sign! You should apply to #studyabroad! /www.cie.uci.edu/
pizza king was great recommendation
Butt, mouth, ear, details. Details.
#everyoneisanartist Travis and Michael are awesome!!
I wonder, Ladies, if U R eating dark chocolate while pinning on #Pinterest and wearing #Spanx, R U easily addictable?
233 grad student instructors thru the Center in two days (part of Emory's pedagogy training). Hope our efforts struck a teaching chord!
Everything has it's beauty, but not everyone see's it! Dedicated to Katie you are beautiful ,just not everyone can see that! <3 I LOVE YOU!!
Tomorrow is the last day to put your guess in for our jelly bean contest for your chance to win a $50.00 gift card to Actaea Works!
How can you be stuffed on turkey breast and cranberry sauce? #toomuchwine?
I Just Almost Got Slapped Lol
ice cold showers are quite the shock
Feeling like I'm the oldest in the bar...
RT D.Wade is Michael; Chris Bosh is Randy; LeBron is Namond; the Cavaliers r Dookie. This is Season 4 of The Wire.
Lets go Giants!
Five words:: #FUTURISTIC,, #LEARNER,, #RESTORATIVE,, #ACHIEVER,, AND #INPUT would these qualities throw you off??
I need to tell u,there are many good actors,but u've always got something special 4 me.I get stuck watching you.Just great!
Bacon is a free market breakfast if ever there was one.~Don
Working on new MyHRC Manager Performance Review buttons and updated user guide.
Happy sWING night! Eat 60 wings in 60 minutes and win Batting Practice on Wrigley Field! Think you can do it? Stop in tonight!
thanks for the invite..hate u...nunca
#SOPA Protesting SOPA/PIPA today? Great! Tomorrow, what are *you* going to do to fight the piracy of intellectual property?
So how much u wanna bet on da game???
more importantly cal radio station managers near you & ask them to cancel
Double header tonight
..in The Loop w co founder of the insanely awesome beer pong table gettin the scoop on their story for the site
Heard someone say today: If I had known you could read about celebrities on Twitter I would have joined a long time ago.
Danny loved going to the #Bills game. But he may not go with one particular family member ever again...unless it's free, of course. 222-6000
Tumblr Blog Features Photos of Celebrities and Their Cameras - imaging resource
rock and roll!!! (I picture him being that YouTube kid)
Complete list of Rosies nominees - Calgary Herald
i hate
It's a quote from "There Will Be Blood." Where you off today? I didn't see your awesomeness lol
.and its more that I'm the kind of guy that respects when someone doesn't wanna be around them, and saves them the trouble
We won BEST of Columbus 2011 from Columbus Monthly. Stop by and find out why!!!
"I wasn't born yesterday." Obviously not with those wrinkles! (; <---- I must say that response to a teacher before my life is over.
Lightening and heavy rain at the Notre Dame and South Florida game. I never seen a Notre Dame game when it wasn't raining.
on them this afternoon - scouts honor.
you need to start tweeting!!! Get with it gurllllll.
Just caught myself singing along to "she thinks my tractor's sexy" #OneConfusedIranianFromBrooklyn LOL! Yee-haw!
no problem
aw I hope you feel better soon (:
True true, love you guys <33333
Reading 's Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks; what a page turner! #Baltimore lore & sites throughout
I have a love/hate relationship with Greeley Estates.
Julia Child :) She's my favorite!
Playing tag with a 4 year old is my exercise
Hooray! I am now tweeting as --Follow me please!
Closed tonight for maintenance, cleaning beard/pube hair out of the soundboard.
What is it?
let's play the game blame, i love u #BLAMEGAME luv this song
I guess ill starve...
Spring cold go away! Looking forward to training again for the
#Leo MB guy of the day: Princeton
B-NO - as long as our teams continue to be sponsored by fizzy piss-water, i'll be drinking something else.
Needs Her Nails Redone Ugh
Macarena = Free shots.
EVERYONE Go FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!! GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
Got two new belly rings. Ones a dragon :)
--> “: Ambassador Andrew Young is giving the keynote for the #HowardLawGraduation!”
Heck ya! I loved her in Love Actually and while I didn't like the movie Last Chance Harvey, she was great.
Nixon created Healthcare for profit with, guess who? Edgar Keiser (Permanent) Healthcare for profit should be illegal.
All it took was patience.
Moving the ball,making plays, and then a crippling fumble by Rodgers
well baxter can get into the fridge to eat the whole wheel of cheese
I enjoy my life.
thanks for the follow! Have been enjoying your work!
sleepy time, goodnight. (: x
um.... well, technically, since I haven't met you... it's a tough call at this time. ;)
you never set the date
that's when I bust out with my joker card... TLC
That's awesome! I think I built a snowman when I was 2. lol
Now this has gotten good. #LMAFO #Madonna. #halftime Super Bowl
and thanks for talkin to me about that girl prob it helped me get over her and i im done with her
Anyone else excited for baseball?
I love watching old couples be all sweet to eachother <3
That bytch loving the crew forreal
west court. And hmm either is good. would it be a suite?
Lost most of my chips with straight vs higher straight then went out a few hands later. Gg next time.
Please snap photos!
Bicycling directions on Google maps, yes! Just what I was looking for!
- Oh, that. That got cancelled. We are both sick. I'm snuggled in bed with my three girls, watching Strawberry Shortcake.
I really think you should follow us ;)
its for wonder caves
How? Where do i go to do that?
just be you and if she ain't seeing it then keep that train moving son
Gary Williams, Johnny Holliday, Len Bias to be honored this ...
Bought iPhone with Christmas gift cards. Is that wrong?
a RT would make my Friday a whole lot better or a pic of you working out :P
trying to concentrate on my homework & work on my new business/marketing plan, but i cant stop thinking about visiting???? hehehe! i luv it
Safe travels for today. We'll only be 3 states away for the next two days.
I need to follow more ppl ugh
To drink or not to drink? #Coffee that is--how many cups do you have in the morning?? It has healthy antioxidants, but moderation is key.
In a Samsung Galaxy far away, will Android still rule?
I am glad that the Libyan people freed themselves today and got rid of #Gadhafi It's amazing what people can do.
ill pass cuz
RT : - the elevator speech is like in person spam. Love it!
no no no no no no no no no no no no.....
One time!
.'s live tweeting of her trip to Florida have single-handedly made this the most entertaining day of my month.
Hi Tammy, It was fun talking with you. Please send me your email or email me at
It's. Like niketalk has a club lol
Our prayers have been answered<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Hating myself right now.
where do you work?
What's your email dude? DM me
discovering www.google.co.uk is not YET blocked by district for image searches
Follow us on twitter and get $10 off your next rental. Just enter coupon code: twitter at checkout and make sure you're one of our followers
Why water
Planet earth is amazing.
Whats Up wit da Lakers? They look tired as hell.
haha well I have never puked doing it! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
juss doing some laundry lol I need to smoke
I've read so many of Joan Didion's these last 2 days.
I'm so happy I feel again did well to know the truth and now I'm really happy now I can rest in sleep ;) <U+2665>
I tweet watch a lot.
AFBG continues to roll now up 70% from our initial alert ...
appreciated. And if memory serves, most of the slang they were dropping was waka flocka flame inspired. Aka, incomprehensible.
Would feel much more confident if I could find my hairspray.
"Hell is full of musical amateurs: music is the brandy of the damned." George Bernard Shaw, _Man & Superman_.
Applications are still being accepted to host the NEH-ALA CW150 Let's Talk About It program with support from the #OHC. See our website.
Are you leveraging your best people to make others on your teams more productive/more efficient?
Haha Oh man. Animaniacs as history.
I am open to meet for a coffee anytime Weds. Ink Coffee at 618 16th St. is right around the corner from the CC. Let me know
i already did along time ago lol
I lost the lottery, second fail at gambling in a week.
Our team at #LT12UK. Perfect event to help launch our new brand.
many thanks to you both! :)
I love the watch!
Catch these Zs
#getoverit rocked the #TEDActive stage with her limitless living. Giving that talk might have been harder than tough mudder
Rolling out of bed at 2pm on a Sunday feels like winning
good luck!!
Followed by the founder!! thanks for the follow
Thanks! I work a lot with remote groups and this is what we do to stay connected.
I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious. Albert Einstein
ap exams: ap psych? done. ap spanish? done. ap calc? done. to go? ap euro, ap physics, ap lang & comp, and ap gov.
Sanchez talks about how JK Rowling has already "gone out on her own with Pottermore" #libmade (never thought of it that way, but true!)
we're interested in helping you stretch your dollars. we want to stay viable to continue producing the content you need.
hey unc lol how u doing!
takin a test
Aye what's up how you doin I miss you
Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear.
": good luck in MI today! I hope to see you in Chicago someday!">>> this would be great and I wanna be there!
hey... you get my dm?
All A's and one C... Screw physics
and then when black guys dont date black girls honestly #ImIrritated Right now
Boys will be boys... and so will most men.
Roger Waters in concert in PDX!!
u still drunk??
Man its all gloomy looking outside lol
For sure. Hoping it will satisfy as a better iPad composing tool than boring old notepad. What do you currently use?
Let me text this girl for I forget
They think I'm strong and I don't mind. They just don't know how many times I've fallen to pieces.
Is participating in a "lean" process workshop with the team in my Den Hague office.
totally forgot to tweet u earlier :(
thanks for speaking up. or tweeting up - we're listening :) cc
i feel you, but I'm grown now & there's going to come a time when I will find a wife, but I will deff keep my eyes on Jesus #1 :)
"Whether you think you can or can't, you're right" - Henry Ford
I can't wait to go home.
thx much for the RT love!
Great job last night! I've having a blast at convention. I am looking forward to the afternoon presentations.
The most important metric to measure depends on what your goals are. It's really that simple. #MIMASummit (via )
you already sent one!! I LOVE it! wills end pic soon. I just emailed you about that.
Loving how hard the are playing! Win or lose tonight vs Duke, this team is gonna be fun to watch! Turn to ESPN2 now if you can!
used the wrong account but yeah who is that and you're a horrible person n
RT Cuz facebooks thinks its a fitness center! Or the movies!
I'm cool. lol
They said to keep an eye on as they'll be tweeting out a link when they're available for purchase.
follow me?
burned 183 calories doing 55 minutes of "Dancing, general"
shut up. ahaa
I still dont know if the Lions are for real, but they keep impressing me.
Bar la Grassa tonight, 90 degrees, dresses from - tonight is going to great!
Midnight and I maybe finally all packed...Cali bound tomorrow - I maybe too excited to sleep :)
I'm really over this....today I was at the mall for 3 hours waiting for them to fix my phone
bet fam bout to shoot it to ya now
MT vs TN in the NIT?? I gotta watch it
You. The first thing I think of every morning, the last thing that stays on my mind every night.
Jesus loves you
Always seemed like Jim Sorgi was pretty cool with it.
this is ridiculous! This officiating is horrible!
have a life, thanks. Trying to restore #WI after traitors like you tried to sell it down river.
If your mother incorrectly believes I'm influential about Venice and doesn't know is a vagina expert, then yes. ;)
Friend: "Where's this rain coming from?" Me: "Let me see here...the sky?"
I love it when I catch ppl mean mugging me!! Cuz trust me I LOVE STARING AT MYSELF TOO!!!!!!
Knocking off bunch of little to-do items involving SFX, our link resolver. Feels good to say sayonara to some of those jobs.
"World Peace?" If the NFL took a fraction of their halftime show budget and donated it to support world peace efforts, then I'd be impressed
The debut album tear the world down is now available on I tunes. :-)
Art breathes life back into me when I need something to believe in or hold onto..
TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE SO I STEADY SMOKE THAT HERBAL MONEY COMIN FAST LIK EVERY DOLLA JST ON TURBO..
Brooklyn kids turn jungle gym into "play jail" - www.cityroom.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/03/24/a-jail-for-children-stirs-a-ruckus-in-brooklyn/
RT : OH: I totally put that whole thing in my mouth. #mkefoodies1yr Nice!
Thanks to our new followers last week (Part 2):
Any positive thoughts I might have left today are for !
Currently making Homemade fish sandwiches <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> and watching the whitesox game :)
Watching documentaries and relaxing
Shoutout to my bitches going to Ultra
Makes people try a little harder ^_^
we had homework? o_O
Favor please! Help us out by getting and to follow us. :]]
Kids Educational Videos - My Body
Therefore, send him forth in the body of sense to toil in the ground of false belief from whence he was taken.
Great win for Tiger !
That's the play this offense needs to get going, time to turn this offense around this year...right now!
I remember when I was all about jamming to
ALL I WANT IS YOU THIS CHRISTMAS
Thanks Amber for the RT, you rock!
Tired of living in a world of hopeless dreams and fake people if God took me today I wouldn't be mad
Don't think you won't get in trouble for all the shit you're saying back to me. Dumb fucking bitch
Young and Spiteful
......this is the best thing ever! Thanks! Find a way to deliver daily....I thought I signed up, but it's not working.
The lotto Is at 540 mill?
may be in town....but dunno but all the rest lol
lol! this pic reminds me of the ones they take of people on rollercoasters & water rides at amusement parks.
Do not feel like going to Ms.West class -____-
It's my life nd I get to do whatever the phuck I want...cuz I like the way how it feels
And yeah Thanks.
Me: mrs colucci yell at rob hes makin fun of the My teacher: dont make fun of the its like making fun of god! Lmfao
ok thanks for the update.
we've discussed how I feel about Barney..
Ah, gotcha bro. Yea that's right doesn't Kindness rune like break the game basically and skyrocket anyone's attack?
I will find you!!
Finally get to act up with my cousins.
thanks! We appreciate that!
I also stumbled across it last week before they released it. ;-)
i just reinstated my SAA membership....
Only about 11 more weeks until the Capital View triathlon. It's time to get my badonkadonk in gear.
Fabulous Hikes on Kauai, Hawaii:
your handwriting is PERFECT<3(: &&oooohyeah I'm on there:D
Yeah, I want you everyday You're so right, you're so tight
the next night the energy was still there. Im saving now to goto trying to make it 3 in a row
But googling for "black musician with eyepatch" got me nothing close to the letters. So I pulled in to assist...
The more money they raise the better the production will be and the longer they can stay in Seoul. esports SonsOfStarcraft LUV U GUYS
Darth vader just called me a deuchebag on the Hollywood walk of fame!! Lol
gurl I gotta tell you something about enano hope I spelt his name right lol
ok, what's the Best German restaurant in Go!
Hrm. Well, I'm glad you got it to work. Wish I knew what the issue was, though.
It seems like much more urgent cases than any of the police procedurals made in the U.S.
UPDATE 2-Manulife, Metlife submit bids for ING Asia sale -sources
i love this song! nicki minaj(: super bass
I'm not showing any declines in your name - can you send us a screenshot?
just felt like some beers at lunch...tomorrow is going to be a shit show....
I Heard U Suck Dick Is That A #TrueStatement.#ItsProblemsHoe #HoeGoH.A.A.M. Hard As A Muthafucka
g your way. If you believe in God send this message on, please don't ignore it
": #Waving Hey Baby.... Have a fabtastic week!!!!"Sis! What's good? Still waiting on the call! O_o
i think i'm gonna go for a run after work today.....i think....=\
rib tips like crack...
Surprise sex is always great to wake up to... Unless your in prison.
could u help me get more followers?
RememberingMom: One of her fave things to do on Mother's Day: Mow the lawn. In a bikini. With her hair in pigtails.
Did anyone else just randomly accumulate more Gmail space?
That is wonderful! Thank you.
House passed IPAB repeal & Malpractice reform. Shame they felt the need to combine them and avoid possibility of real bipartisanship.
is OPEN for Napa Hour at 5pm! Make your Tuesday great with a little
then get me Gingerbread for my Droid X
DO IT, FUCKING DO IT!
The door prizes continue to mount: is donating some Braves tickets for September baseball!
let us know if they catchy him,
YOU BETTER LOVE ME!
#Brewers have struck out 12 times in 8 innings.
Sounds Great!
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine. He gets better with age. The next day, she locked me in the cellar.
C'Mon Buddy, Ralph... don't be cheap RT : Mario Williams plans to visit the Buffalo Bills tonight.
Pick 2 #Robert Griffen I ...congratulation
Anyone playing Diablo? What are you tags?
She A Bald Head Sexy Bitch Wit a Big Booty !!!
first come first served, but we will have some mothers day specials that day.
Have you checked out "Dancing in the Kitchen"?! It's wonderful- my Goddaughter loves it! available at www.mymunchbug.com
Lots of thanks to for your support golfing for yesterday!!
Such a slackerr....wedding sunday is enabling my procrastination
It takes a touch of genius and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction - Albert Einstein
Omfg my uncle just gave $10 o.o <333333333333333333
just checked the mail and NADA
"My love's like a star, you can't always see me but you know that I'm always there.."
Be throwing down at the Office in Lafayette tonight at 10pm. Hope to see you there!
They're re-routing the pipeline that cuts through our neighborhood to go around us. Supposed to remove existing pipe this fall
Margo's party was fun. But now oil have to get back to studying my lines:/
its amazing how fast i fell for you, and now i cant see myself with anyone else.
thank you ma'am
Lots of interesting developments in Brodkorb story, but from where I currently sit the intersection of communications & law esp fascinating
Red carpet!!!
Sure, I'll post my review of The Breadwinner!
are you busto?
always more giggles! tickle me, please. :)
It reminds me of a Creamsicle; therefore delicious
RT : Proud to be named Honorary Starter for 's Coca-Cola 600 at May 27
Thank you! :) Have a great day.
So um I was hoping for a reply last night, cause that's when I wanted you to come >;D
Going through so many photos. This is ridiculous.
as long as they mow their lawn and don't beat their kids I'm cool with it.
Half the band already in florida. The rest of us on our way to play the Florida Music Festival. Hope to see everyone there!!
After the PIT touchdown Vanessa said "Oh rats" Lol.
i am
OMG! Their O line was fucking horrible! Young had so much time out there that he could take 2 shits and still complete the pass!
A big shoutout to ! Thanks, my 997th follower! It means so much :]!
and we should be playing ghost in the grave yard with and having to be home when the street light came on and
George Zimmerman says he's sorry for the loss of Trayvon Martin. Says he did not know if he was armed. What's your thoughts?
The clicking sound and loss of traction are much funnier than the sight!
Whitney Houston died today. RIP Whitney. What an amazing voice.
today we pay homage to Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, he celebrates his 28th birthday. Kind of feel guilty putting this on Twitter!
Play me on Draw Something. I'm "KristenHH"
Of course I'll miss him! He is a great guy! But I'm happy for him! I hope things go good out there for him!
I lost all my contacts, so I have nobody's number
Back on my iPhone 4! Finally!
cool name for the town you live in!
Just saw a fascinating interview with Prof Krugman on O'Donnell. Enlightening.
Had to swap my phone & hit my 5 device limit - can you help me out so I can download my apps? Any help is greatly appreciated!
The Brazilian, David Luiz, stamping his name in to this rivalry with a header. 3-0 Chelsea
I'm guessing 30 or so. We aren't limited to 10 at - plus sometimes there are conference rooms full of people.
honor society :)
Don't see ODU, but DEFINITELY ECU angle. RT Charlotte will build great football rivalry with ECU, potential for ODU as well
... thanks for the follow :)
#everyblackneighborhood has a drug dealer
I wanna rock.....snoop dogg (the kings g-mix)
Forget Votto, Ike should totally start!
I remember back in the days Chris&I would always go listen to R.J. Matthews speak. He knew how2 preach!
I don't know. I just don't want to make a cover then he hears it and hates it..
thanks so much for the follow :-) I'm honored and excited!
The last time a team I coached played this bad....oh wait, I've never coached a team that's played this bad.
I expected things to be different, but not like this. “_"
"This too shall pass. Often and loudly."
I Love my Babies!! #ForLife!
haha I hear ya!
I did. It felt amazing. They went ahead and did what they wanted anyway. It still felt amazing.
mentions are dead,someone tweet me:)
Voice of UW Fball Matt Lepay on : New #Badgers QB Danny O'Brien sounds like a "football junkie" like ex QBs Tolzien, Wilson were.
Don't confuse me for a common man ... For I serve others before myself! Check your receipt!
Investigation tonight in Radcliff, KY :) Should be a good one - we'll see!
sounds good!
Klout thinks I'm influential on Afghanistan... Why I do I feel a phone call from the government coming in soon?
Sounds so calm. Wish I were there too. Working late so I can be off on #Good Friday!
Happy Weekend Everyone! #TGIF :)
I imagine our relationship is what marriage feels like.
thanks. I was worried I am getting annoying with these updates.
Or do you not think so far ahead? Cuz I've been thinking bout forever...
Ruin is a gift. Ruin is the road to transformation. We must always be prepared for endless waves of transformation.
SEALS, Marines and Real-Life Secret Agents Use To Keep In Peak Shape!
Better check your pager. Your friends sent you a bunch of numbers!
Sittin here at my girl house tipsy n horny af!
Golf Wang rofl
Still counting down the days:) 2 Down, 2 More to Go! I need this vacation!
My Monday highlight: watching my shows.
#ShoutOut Need a DJ around the NJ area? Holla at this kid!
dude why
lets talk about it
That new car smell is great, but once it wears off, what smell signifies "clean"?
A lot of you have been asking about those "Professional Development" days. Yes, they are days where we really do work. On our tans.
It's funny how untruthful some people are, and then you find out so much about them.
thanks! Lol ik it's been way to long!
hahaha. okay I'll let the designer know no more govt name
#Bones #himym season finale time
yay! :D you can be my 35th tweet x)
wen seh says i wood rather have u dan justin bieber SIKE im lyin
#Readmob! Local indie bookstores gathered readers to spell "read books" on the steps of Gateway Arch. (And read, o'course.)
Dear new people at the gym, I hate you. -Andrew
SO cute!!! I'm loving her sandals!! I want some!! ;)
nothing like a bit of Reggatta De Blanc to get your morning moving
What up? I have recently become acquainted with and tasted some of her wines with he rep Dylan
Don't forget the mason jar full of moonshine
RE: Our conversation about Aldi: they have a knockoff Nutella for under $2. Put that on your toast and smoke it.
idk...just dont lose that butt...
RT if you loved playing in NY and you love me! Jkjk
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius -- and a lot of courage
Funny how that works, eh? Oldest daughter took me out for breakfast, but now I'm home baking cookies for her
it still sinks.
Goodnight babes in Scotland~! I so enjoy seeing all the #RSA together<3 I love it<3
I like working in small, concentrated, intense blocks of brilliance.
You was and are very beatiful <3 You was fantastic! Love you<3
Catchy presentation. Very nice blog. Thanks for the follow.
I'd really like a plastic box pocket edition but I'll be happy with the plastic bag one. And 14 lbs of cardboard.
Exciting day at the Musée Magazine studio despite the rainy weather.
Any Super Bowl predictions?...
Props Chris Johnson. Man put in work & finally got his dues. NFL players risk their lives EVERY PLAY. Have that job & you'd hold out too.
Thank you for adding me to your top stories, I greatly appreciate it
Do you have your very own official Mile High Medical Cannabis Jar yet?!? Only $5.00. They are SWEET!! :)
The competition at AAF's national student advertising is fierce- but so are we.
wow Defense
your just stupid! and first of all im not scared to show my real me!
CASHER MISC PROPS: National Anthem OVER 1:34 seconds YES to Ochocinco catching a pass.
It's cold.... not cool
full house give piece of mind and sweet potato pie.
I<U+FFFD>ve learned that things change, people change, and it doesn<U+FFFD>t mean you forget the past or try to cover it up
About 1,040 hours of workouts in the gym = 2nd place at State. Great job Ellie! Now onto Regionals in a few weeks.
Hey everyone! Visit flypittsburgh.mobi today and sign up for a chance to win a $400 voucher from A Travel!
Our hometown is blazing with #NCAA Madness! Who do you pick for your Final Four? #CUBuffs? #CSURams? #Duke?
Detroit Tigers game tonight. Justin Verlander looking for his 21st win this year.
Sleeping Beauty:)
If I dont bang a White Girl by the end of this summer imma cry #NeedsToHappen !!
Bitches is condescending , there methods are never ending.
felt nothing in San Diego.
whatchu on bro
Not trying to start nothing I like things #drama free #im doing me!
We've got a sexy Cabana with your name on it!
When people can't tell me stuff to my face.
I get the sense that the #Flyers and #Penguins don't like each other that much. haha. Great game so far for your team!!
I got u! Hit me when ur back in LA - or come to Miami!
Follow back Love(:
Man, I thought Paul Curreri's _Velvet Rut_ was a great album, but _California_ might be even better.
That didn't go well....
Ugh femme boys sometimes make me want to slit my throat.
Tonight's DTR meeting is canceled! Next full coalition meeting is Thursday July 14th at 6pm.
As students, what causes you to buy something?
Happy International Women's Day!
In a music rut - playing the iTunes library on random to see what comes up.
Leslie D said this morning that a mobile web was a good start - a testing ground for app development
Whoo hoo! All day date with the same really nice guy! Omg! omg omg!
20 mil for a guy in the 7th spot is gross! I say put him 2 and let him play himself out of it, and flip-flop Youk n Ortiz
Right now we face racial and social politics unseen before...where the "face" of the product matters more than ever.
What I am looking for is not out there ... It's in me Helen Kellar
where da fuck is you at
10 tips for advancing any cause effectively #nonprofit #SANDAN ^ds
Aaron and I are watching Hoarders and it totally made me think of your mom's infatuation with the show
Penalty..red card..referee what next? Tuwavulie nguo? F Barca
Washoe Drive Fire update: 3,177 acres, 65% contained. Highway 395 to reopen at 10pm-midnight. RFD says blaze started by discarded ashes.
Pleasee Follow me [:
Heading to Indy for the Superbowl, adjusting to Mid-West life
#true ": YOU have the ability to change YOUR life, it's YOUR life."
You can eat noddles with a spoon
don't act like u weren't scurred lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
baller new album
I have learned so much about myself since I have been living bymyself
No. Thank YOU.
bby come back :/
Forgot. See you soon.
You fellows are like a breath of fresh air! :)
We still love you
I did for a bit. They miss you. So do I!
Well, honestly. Being a advisor isn't REALLY work for me, it's more like playing dress up w/a bunch of girlfriends!
Congrats to and on the new addition!!
Yes! the maschine is awesome. I couldn't write back in a message. everything is well, just focused on school. and you?
Just so you know, these words you say mean everything to me
thx for the mention!
All is well as I needed an extra coffee hit this morning too. LOL!
do you find value in mass messaging?
The travellers were getting too near tonotice it
Happy to hear that!!
If i am not indiscret.! ** Please Answer.!
so big it doesn't fit in the camera :) I texted it to u. - mike
i would love to see your list!
It's that time of year again! in
Is the 1pm listening party today the only way to enter to win the Beach House glow in the dark vinyl from y'all?
Especially when you refer to Weegham Park, not Weeghman.
RT : Prime-time Friday evening availability in Chicago today: 5-7pm just opened up, so call now to reserve!
Trying to come up with a clever name for a permanent housing program for #domesticviolence survivors. Any suggestions?
Early up and heading to work.
Yeah, a Prezi.
#Kiski Basketball wins 2 games today in #National Prep Tip Off Tourney. 83-72 over Phase 1 Canada and 90-61 over NIA Prep. Balanced scoring!
so need a nap today but it's already late in the afternoon ;(
Looking good #coyotes!!
I know it didn't happen but Lasers should have been Hip Hop Album of the Year
Need a new year's resolution....
Went to my aunt homecoming and saw of my family members I haven't seen in yrs
Last 2 days off gonna do it big an then its back to work ....
oh my - he did it! congrats and commizzes to all the appropriate folken. and back to work for me sigh.
Agreed. RT Wild tho, Dre n Snoop hella old n still perform a WHOLE LOT better than most new rappers, even the dope ones.
Just saw this unique bit of advice for community moderators: "Be caution when spending members." (Be cautious when suspending members?)
What would your name be if you were a girl? Shoutout to Jada From Canada .....
"Duty makes us do things well, but love makes us do them beautifully"
Staring at your phone screen with one eye open because it's so damn bright <<<
outlined awesome idea about role of libraries in supporting self-publishing efforts.
The doors are open!
Enjoying free wifi at Panera accompanied by free coffee thanks to my My Panera card!
NEW FEATURE: To get a response in one of 85 Languages add /lang:XY/ to the call. SP=Spanish, FR=French, IT=Italian. Complete docs to come.
“: The moment of joy when you officially became a member of #teamiphone” First Generation iPhone Member!!
THERE IS STILL TIME!! Four hours left in the month!!
pretty gud u?
It is a very Special Twitter Tuesday today at PFP. Enjoy 10% off SunCups!!! Including the new CARAMEL & MINT.Use coupon code: SunCups10%Off
Wiz khalifa -roll up still be riding
- Yeah! It's no longer roped off. The Leprechaun Patrol team is still being a little stiff about the late night swims though.
They say im cocky I say im confident
you got a you tube account? www.youtube.com/djderose724
General Knife Anthony Snowcat:)
#TheLuckyOnes is my two adorble kids
thanks for the RT!
I'll take four umbrellas please
Success comes not from the avoidance of failure. Most of the time, success is achieved only when there has been enough failure.
yours looks pretty cool, too. “: I think you've got just about the best job out there. #LuckyLady”
Thanks for saying so articulately in your essay on women and the patriarchy. Right on!
"If your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt." Henry J. Kaiser
Pay what you can is tonight at 8pm!!!!
If I had to pick one, I'd say Harrell right now. Too early to get a gauge on what Trocha's going to do.
better question ...why does a pro outfielder not know how to catch a flyball looking into the sun
*~itz to quiet today i mean to to quiet~*
Starting to fight a headache..seeing if I can pull off ALA.. I don't want to see my professional goal die even tho it hurts right now.
sorry :p
Proud of my lil bro jus planned an event for him next month, stay tuned for details RT
How did that first pitch go at Wrigley? That was on Wednesday wasn't it?
let's hope for 15 more this year. “: TD Antonio Gates! Wow, that felt good to write.”
is now 21+ venue.
well they killed my friend friday. me and him were buddies and we were going to college for lacrosse together
I appreciate the feedback. Thanks! : )
you or pat hve anything to do with my air conditioner being stolen? Lol.
I feel like screaming my ass off. Lol
Inquiring minds want to know...is there a hashtag in use for the MAA conference?
just arrived in Coachella valley and I am drinking a corona...got my artist pass dialed...I guess you would say I'm sorted!
All I can think about right now is the song, "Stray Cat Strut."
You know my lazy ass is.
Hi Patrick..would like to chat w/you at this weekend's tweetup in Philly. Planning to talk w/others you know about iP
go take a fuggin shower Erin. U smell
3:00 in the morning really?
I noticed you like All Time Low, you should check us out The Dares I think you would really enjoy our music =)
Tribes was awesome last night, Ignite was incredible tonight. is where its at. Praise God for these students!!
If it's not for lack of trying, then you both are significantly awful people and have missed your opportunity.
Q4 never co-sign a car for anyone
I could live off PB&J
We'll see. We might be seeing a call-up soon with how well he is pitching right now.
What's the craziest piece of clothing you own?
follow and please :D x19
The author @ waxy nails it: "If Google's search engine dominance started with an 'and,' it might just end with a '+'."
Na now save to throw down for gas if u really wanna go places
I think the idea of a sweep corresponds to dominance but Sixers could get swept here and lose by a combined 7 pts.
im cryin....... im dead ass cryin
Thank God they're explaining what a shut down inning is, now they don't have to make up a Car Soup Email the booth question about it
haha damn lol when you get home? so i can hang with yall but im not fucking with them ghosts at ur house lol
Thanks for the RT!
you do the most wonderful humanitarian work, a definite inspiration. Just something I had to say out loud in a tweet.
oh lol yeah we're good, just nobody but my brother got his kicks, waste of time
#ICantStandPeople who constantly bitch about how bad their lives are... #GetOverItAndMakeChanges #OneThingIDontLike is people who complain..
girl talk with Sophia.(:
Listening to a podcast where a guest was introduced as being in the business for 23 years-scary, that isn't impressive anymore.
love bug in a world of windshields.
RT : Cnn confirms rebels have made it inside the gadhafi compound
Agreed - though based on that post he doesn't seem to care. Haha
Teach your children good #flossing habits early on... it may help them have beautiful smiles as adults!
None. It's basically a mystery.
SO excited to hear about the results for ......
Drake started the YOLO movement
nice! You wanna crap a beer?
this nigga --> love him n he's so nice; follow
good point. once you miss those, it is difficult to get back on track with official deadlines.
what's up man! You gunna tweet about remix video to
Heading to #SAA11 in Chicago on Friday. Mekel microfilm and Zeutschel book scanner demos in Crowley's Booth 302. Stop by and say hey -
I missed the season finale for Grey's Anatomy tonight.
Oh dear. If you downloaded the app for Android, you're leaving yourself wide open for spammers. Just had to uninstall it.
U da best. Great job last night in 'S Wonderful @ Westchester. RT : Anything to get the weekend started sooner than later!!
Who tryin to kick it?
That's a big 10-4 good buddy! On to the next option.
Monday's are so boring !!
Check it out: Treasures and tasty treats
Also, there's still time to apply and interview for staff!!!! Apply online! www.foundationretreat.com
Watching videos on YouTube of facts about you, and they are the cutest. Just thought I should share that :)
I'm sure it'll be filled with thoughtful subtle humor.
Alcatraz reeked of Al Capone's syphillis.. Best part of the trip so far
home alone house!
no need to hold... Just swipe upwards on comma to type an apostrophe
apparently I left too early..awful
Thanks so much! It was an honor to be there.
RT: : "The great struggle called life is none other than an accumulation of momentary struggles." --Daisaku Ikeda
school needs to be over with already! Its not fair were the last ones to get out.
I like watching soccer but i don't like that they take forever to score!
and every single time I try to prove myself wrong and give some stranger that asks my phone# they ALWAYS end up being crazy or weird! ALWAYS
Young, wild, and free
Merry Christmas Eve from the Kravitz Dental team!
Just tapped, Demolition Ale (replaces IPA)
Our newest update is we are looking for some ideas or someone to design our newest graphics for the new year
SPG Creative & Marketing is head to SXSW Festival! Will we see you there? Stand #741!
:You know it's funny when it rains it pours. They got money for wars but can't feed the poor!"
Snowflake animation off to client. Now it's just a waiting game.
woohoo! almost done with school! whats next after school??
So twitter I been goine 4 a minit now I'm back
My food is getting cold but I can't start eating until I find something good on TV.
I'd go back to MOQ again if I could.. I miss the Mustangs crew
wheree have you been! :(
Does your behavior match your goals?
WE GOT FIRST PLACE GUYS!!! thank you all so much!
Let me know your plans! I wish Cuse/Unconn was later in the day tomorrow. I have to run 20, but could make it out for 2nd half.
Had orientation today. It was nice getting to know a few people and the staff better. I am so excited to start classes Mon.
I just thought she lived in DC. :-)
Gonna miss hearing all the news reports of the Black Bear sightings in Glendale... goodbye bear!
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
I don't need the music to be uplifting; I just need friends who make me feel uplifted. You're one. Thanks.
just played some GC...despite having action replay issues
Same here! At ATL Airport now. On my way to #SECNOLA Safe travels!
I stand corrected. NYSDOL spox says Kodak is indeed laying off 141 *more* workers. cc
"I always wonder why birds stay in the same place when they can fly anywhere on Earth. Then I ask myself the same question."
World News America on PBS tonight: #Mladic faces justice. Brain controls robot arms, NYC's other election & Beijing's #Olympics legacy
What part of 'peaceful protest' are you having difficulty with?
: I am 2nd in to see Hilary () speak at 1:30 today!
is just 1.8 lbs away from her 1st 2 week weight loss goal this Saturday...I'm so motivated by my new Wii Fit Plus!
Thanks Sarah!!! So exciting!!! RT Congrats and ! So proud of both you #sdsugrads!
Hey! how are u?
If you aren't watching on right now, you are missing out. Big time!
Thanks to for the support! If any local businesses are celebrating #MKEDAY, let us know!
clinch the fist ;)
don't get me started.
Can I go back to bed please?
Kids, you tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is, never try.
I like watching sleep.
Financial services and pharma industries are embracing procurement. Main drivers.
everytime i go to 's page and it says he's following me... it makes me smile(:
Thank you for the RT :-)) You should have joined us, it was an amazing gig. Never a dull moment when MCB is in town!
Leprechaun movies the rest of the night!! Yeah!
I am off to the TNT/TBS upfront presentation. Can't wait to see the folks from upcoming Dallas again.
QOTD: “But what are we doing that would require socks?”
hey I can't resend it
Ricotta pancakes with meyer lemon, blueberry and almond crumble!!
Studio life.
A little boy came home and told his mother he had gotten first prize in an examination. The question had been How many legs does
#mytoptenfavoritebands 9. Forever The Sickest Kids
Yep. We'll be there may 1st. Mary got a promotion and we're movin'
Zak have you been in that dungeon far to much lately or did something follow you home
Apparently Manchester was where gingham was invented,so the new jersey is red on red gingham for the home top and blue away. Poor
We'll be at Wine & Dine Wisconsin today. If you're going, stop by and say hello!
Hey Uhm you just got choked out(;
A yo I think
LOL! That's awesome.
Today work was like being a slave.. I hate the field!!!
thanks for having us at the Jingle Bell Jam, what a blast! & all your listeners helped raise over $15,000!
Going down like lights when the shows over
lol. U teapartiers & the way you abuse that word "freedom". It doesn't matter what I say to you, when u say crazy shit like that
On top of that, my house is out of coffee, so I'm doing this shift
;-) I def found a keeper.
I seriously cannot WAIT to celebrate #FathersDay this year! I'm gonna be spending it w/ some hot ass men! Cc:
Will and Jada Denies rumors that there is a split. 'We Are Still Together
I'm about to lose it on the rep who answers my call. Lord help her.
maybe its just possible Flynn is just good. We'll see what happens when the saints hit the road for the playoffs.
I can't believe Brandon Marshall was traded to the dolphins for only two 2nd roud pics one this year and one next year
“: #YourGameIsWeak if you try to pull girls on twitter”
yer a big deal too
Keeping small business in business, just ordered flower for my mom from local hometown shop.
I smoke weed & blow trees but I got bigger dreams of, livin life livin right & helping sicker people.
August 27th will be 3 hours away in Texas and I am pretty sure I'll be seeing them
Good night Angels! Thank you for all the support! First thing in the morning I will check for new contest entries! Remember deadline June 13
wha why?:o
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE MOST AMAZING GUY EVER... <3 love you loser :)
LMAO...yeah I did. You deserved it. LOL. I'm like...I know she's busy, but she's just seeing it? It was a good movie.
Well, how was Black Keys in your upgraded seats?
1st sale of the year to go out in emails today. Happy New Year. Looking forward to another great year.
Funny! Lived the expression on Jack's face as he listened to Liz's jaw not cracking.
Save Your Home tips from Anna Cuevas on WTCM NewsTalk with Norm Jones in Michigan Wednesday Nov 23 at 10:30 am Eastern listen live on line
Have an event to promote in DC?? Let us know! DCAfterWork.com
wow! Impressive!
But does it extend widely to both sides of the aisle?
I'm hoping for 2
or did once or twice
Morning julian! Have a great day at school!
Treat your friends as you do your best pictures, and place them in their best light — Jennie Jerome Churchill
Best Halloween I've had in a long time :D
I'm so proud of both of you ladies!!
Going to work out
Love it!
Going to see the musical WestSide Story tonight... Excited :D
loves it when I come and surprise her at her house. (; #BestFriendAward. :)
TV show, How I Met Your Mother
hahahah ;D Well make it fun! ;D
Hancock and Hickenlooper two of the most high profile politicains supporting
Finishing touches to my office remodeling.
Maybe more salary cap restrictions, like the ones implemented in this past CBA
Wow. I have a lot to do today, guess I better get... Oh look! Sunshine!
Sheboygan Press interviewed attendees, heard Keith Fiels, so look for it!
oh really...
New track finna post !!! on the brink of my success, bet I strive for nothang less any wanna test me make sure you put on ya vest !
Session #tu114 global onboarding...perfect. If you're building an onboarding program you need to be here!! #astd2012 rm 403
Stay classy, LA Fans
RT : The goal of social media is to turn customers into your personal evangelist. S Barker
also also wants a copy. Can I get one for her as well?
Feeling good about #Tigers tonight agains #WhiteSox with Smyly. Offense please add run support....that is all....
Congratulations to West Virginia's new Senate President, Jeff Kessler!
I do too, actually. The interview blew my mind.
Choosey Chicks love football!
cuz I have chips and salsa in my mouth
I NEED TO QUIT SMOKING CIGARETTES
I called & he said he didn't know when - or where, but yes they do support Barrett.
#iDoNotSupport A dentist with chipped teeth.
ack! I'm scared! Not sure I have the attention span for a dense book...
take a listen to our music here in Memphis!
downplays any suggestion that pension reform wound up being a water-downed version and not what he had sought.
More from Fitch report: unsettled European market means bigger chunk of European cov-lite debt being sold to US investors.
...not that I attended a single panel. Always feels so strange to spend an entire conference in an interview suite...
I don't know, man. The late 80's were pretty terrible.
Special s/o to for a delightful late lunch
can I have the link to your blog :3
I have my #nyssma today :) I feel perfected with my solo <3
how u been
#SouthLA: We cover your community. So tell us what ought to be on our radar. We're listening!
Today is the first day of the rest of your post apocalyptic life....and its gorgeous out!
That horrible moment when you smell someones dragon breath, but can't tell who it is...so you give a mint to everyone around you to kill it.
RT : We're getting ready to head out to for the Garden for the Community planting!!
I’m still not convinced.
RT : Engineering & Humanity Week 2011 will bring to life examples of how innovative engineering and design are begi… (cont)...
oh, I'm judging...
thx kari! We are doing great. Looks like you two are as well. Enjoy your day with your beautiful lil girl
Hello my beautiful Maaamii! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
and just like that...
happy Easter
Thanks for the Revolución Shout out!
BBVA compass Stadium grand opening today, DCU vs. Houston Dynamo NBC Sports Network
Hey everybody, my account got hacked. Sorry about this. I will be fixing that.
Come to 2 dollar pbr and Schlitz during the #brewers game! Plus I'm bartending!
Quiet Saturday night again...Just me and my 3 assignments~.
Thought it had the necessary components: super natural evil, creepy backstory, helpless characters in danger. And melting faces
Reading Are Your Nails Ready For Holiday Parties?
ZIP code
Happy birthday to the homie !
It's already Wednesday! You know that means, #PROPSpartnerday . Come into Ecoclean & 5% will go 2 !
Need to come up w/ a clever name for an English Brown Ale for Dirty Shirt Brewery. Ideas? I'm thinking "Brown Sauce"
Watching ESPN college basketball on the USS Carl Vinson...awesome idea to celebrate our troops!
I support, love is love no matter who you are, #NoH8,
It's nice outside already B)
This party loving mom on
Chinese Activist Chen Guangcheng Escapes House Arrest in China A human rights lawyer x2019;s escape from house arrest dealt an embarrassm
Thank you so much! Sorry I'm just seeing this. Enjoying the sun?!
#ala10 Thanks D.C., I can now finally say that i've put my neck on an air conditioning unit.
is the site down?
OK! Pee'd? Check. Perrier water. Check. Awesome. Let's get this show on the road...
Frank Vogel complains before the series and what did that get him? Foul trouble on his team and a $15,000 fine.
thank you ! Naw i won't. I know better girl
Boston vs Philly second round sounds great to me.
So you think I have to answer that??
I would love to see Michelle Williams #OscarsUpset! She was my pick, but I predict Meryl Streep.
Have a great show, hit me up after this weekend to talk, This year is full of surprises
brrr. now that it's getting cold out, why not have your meals delivered straight to your door with brewcitybites.com?
I beat you in biggest smile and Alexi in biggest eyes in the same photo! What are the odds...
I want my students to create a digital textbook chapter. Aside from iBooks Author what software is good for this project?
Love myself a Friday!!
Scar Jo! For sure!
I think I left my brain somewhere in Wednesday...
RT : Good luck in #greekweek bowling tonight!!
let's go!
FREE LEGAL FORMS, ANY STATE COURT OR CATEGORY, BUY OUR 100 LEGAL BOOK SERIES ON AMAZON.COM FOR ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
Perfect. E-mail nicholas at nicholaswyoung.com with details about your schedule. We'll set up a time that works for both of us.
Im just not depressed enough to come up with a good tweet tonight.
RIP Donna Summers... :(
Thanks for following! Food allergy is rapidly growing health problem + the more we can educate people about it, the better!
A7. RT : I think social media can provide a safe place for us to advocate and share our stories.
It was so nice today, I loved it :)
Failure teaches you lots of things. Losing teaches you nothing.
please Follow me and
103 likes I love all my GRANDer and ICONiacs sistas! Cuz you know were all family! ~Ashley
Good request MTF! I second. MT “: My request? Come to our tailgate! Life is good today" Come hang with us!
That sounds fun! Is this an annual mixer you hold to starting ramping up for the Festival?
Do you like #RNG ?
Hopefully I pass this test on MONDAY though....I can't afford to fail it AT ALL..!
it is true that u are a U.S Army...
Where does #Obama get his numbers? I like what he's saying, but I don't understand the math.
I delted my facebook and now I'm workin on my twiter game follow me bitch
I hope bolton and chelsea win
because I passed out on Monday!
Coach Cal "We got swagger" :) Go Cats.. moving on to the SEC Championship.
....some of us are alittle less perkier than others this morning! why hm? lolssss:)
LOLOL hatred of their fellow man. Hilarious Megan. have NEVER heard a positive thing about anyone from any of WBC. Hello POT???
you put on a great show tonite in charleston, just thought i'd let ya know(:
Getting up at 6 am to move your car SUCKS!!!
It has both HD and standard of last night's, just not the week before. So strange. At least there's Hulu.
Going to bed :) Goodnight
when is the Avon vs. Speedway thing ?! \
Quote of the day: "Strong people around you can keep you going, but you gotta remember to go at your own pace."
How did this happen :/
Wonder wats its gone b
The k amuses me.
#itsokaytocheatif your not in a relationship, or your doing homework.
Looking into some sort of transportation/ shuttle service btw. campus & Rosslyn. - Rocco DelMonaco, VP Safety
Rocking out with & the king of spring break at Umbria tonight
Haymitch is a drunk. I have Cato on my side and he's a trained professional.
It isn't weird, i'm a very lovable guy! :P
Don't think Reggie understands this quote. "Ain't nothin' been given easy to me, ain't nothin' easy been given to this town, so it's a fit!"
thanks, Skye - I'm getting there slowly, but surely. I did a 12 miler on Sunday and I survived. :)
hope you #diggdat thang... let me know
Check out my hip hop mix and Dembow mix I did...what you think?????? www.soundcloud.com/djdmannyc
58min till show time so excited everything is done early and we are all on time loving staff and outside crew. Amazing!
Another Rite Aid in Hollywood got held up. I think I am going to go work on my friends resume and get her the HELL out of that job.
Tomorrow is game day !
Always open to submissions, though!
Brady won't pull this off after those two drops.
BSD is more useful for many purposes. "Best" is a value judgement that begs the question! :)
'This is actually really mellow shit...'
Oh man, girl no one wants to hear how you feel about your intamate relationships
Go to sleep working, wake up working
At Pullen Park With (:
EASTER IS HERE! GET YOUR LAST MINUTE EASTER FLOWERS HERE! 505-884-1600
i can listen to the same song for hours, you know. until i get tired of it & find a new one lol
the performance is, but if you wanna have a drink we're still up for a drink. R u?
And then when she went outside to say goodbye my dad locked her out of the house until she learned her lesson.
Damn, the phone is busy lol. bad damn timing!
Angel kiss flavored coffee today! (White chocolate and coconut) It's YUMMY! come in and get out of the bad weather and enjoy a cup!
#cowboys legends Drew Pearson & Michael Irvin has confirmed 2 attend Ballin With The Boys Celeb/Charity BBall gm May 31. 4more info->
Aren't they just miserable?!
Dolly just rapped. Shit just got real, yo. Right, ?
Therapeutic Listening course was great, but playing catch up at work is not! Never enough time in the day.
Chase and Status .. wow
Such A Good Day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Lies! Filthy lies! You WILL see the sign and it WILL open up your eyes!
KSON RADIO What should John and Tammy's husband Kurt wager for their bet during their 50 mile bike ride for Tour de Cure?
You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough. - Frank Crane
LinkedIn Tip of the Day-If you are an Outlook user, be sure to download the Outlook Social Connector. Go to Tools on the bottom of the pag…
What's going on tonight for Impact attendees?
Today's phrase for a FREE #Xerox pedometer in the #Xerox Social Media Cafe - I love walking around #drupa -
4/15/1777->L. Carter: But a Mothers tenderness and Fears too often interpose and check the ardour of our Youth.
Comcast & Walt Disney Co. form partnership that will allow Xfinity TV subscribers to access ESPN live streaming content via WatchESPN app
HAHAHA, then when you beat him up look him dead in the eyes and say "YOLO, bitch!" #HA!
when I worked at starbucks (where dylan found me) I only made $20 bucks a week in tips...so your dollars count! Tip! Tip! Tip!
lol what did he do???
Chowder Her Face #lessambitiousoperas (... actually, this could also fall under #alternatetitles )
I have always been glad that I didn't live in the panhandle of NE. How much snow did they get?
Texted the guy I'm seeing that my bike was stolen and he replied "Sorry dude". DO YOU EVEN REMEMBER THAT GREAT BLOWJOB
Survival tip 101 from "when you're camping use a fork as a comb"
Janel did you try to call us fags?
i never shut the fuck up.
Heading to the school! :)
same here kid same here ;/
#TeamMME ready to take it "Up Top!!" for the summer. Are You?
lol oh ok. That's good. Why you wanna leave? U hate the weather or something
shot you a PM about some spam I found in the wiki
please do I am always looking for talent. But we are different. DM me will send audio credentials...A list
I Know Bro smh
I wonder what this week has in store for me! I know I am excited about tomorrow morning!!!
Oh shut up Charles Barkley!
"if I ever find any documentation on it..."
Come sing with us on our Noches Bohemias tonight! Any singers out there?
you are welcome! :P
#WITI #WTMJ #WISN #Fox 6 #CBS 58 Transit Plus investigated by Milwaukee County Transit System 4 the mistreatment of disabled elderly man
The language was way over the top though. Proves he is trash.
Really hates the people I live with..
Great time today w/ ! Thanks for having lunch with us today!
great presentation! JFDI should be applied to life as well. Just F*ckn Do It.
Some people just need to take their happy pills more often!
yes, I did. Thank you!
How many times do you think Ray Parker Jr. has yelled "Bustin' makes me feel good!" while climaxing?
I had the weirdest dream: I was filled with hate. Like constantly hating. And yesterday was a good day. Strange.
" no need to break it down. It's all ready broken
"A person like me working at an oil refinery just sounds like a bad comedy movie waiting to happen. I bet Ben Stiller would be in it, too."
Feel I got a long way to go.
ooh, a new one for me to watch! :)
About to make me a grilled chicken salad then hit the gym.....
bout to go take a shower
I dont ......., nvm bye hope all goes well in ya career & wuteva bye
Waves to Talia and Rhea! Thanks for the like!
We come to play everyday, today we came with 150%
Enjoying a lazy, peaceful Sunday afternoon after an eventful weekend and another wonderful brunch today.
That was re: your #FF hashtag. I wish I were going to and , but I'm going to #SWMadison instead :-)
Just gotta learn from my mistakes.
Saw talk about "Touch" this week & now see a pic of my 2yr old niece drawing on a tablet instead of a coloring book
I Don't Like Subtweets, @ Me , Smh !
Love the new video, its pretty sick
Only good thing about getting ur haircut on post is they don't try and force stupid conversation to get a tip. Shut up and cut my hair lol
Going tanning for tomorrows filiming
Not sure what all the fuss is about except No1 in the NFL has ever Really Wanted Quinn & he's sore about it.
Thankful for everything and everybody
Your the drug i wanna overdose on
Must be the feeling
Just chilling watching #Signs with Mel Gibson and Abigail Breslin
That actually really pisses me off.
I'm such an idea
Aw that's that hurt ..
Does it sound desperate if I admit it wouldn't take cash? Anything for you, WHCD and
just as great of a risk in middle tennessee?
99 degrees today. Looks like the mulching will have to wait til this evening when we hit out low of 78.
the walls are closing in on me but I don't live in debt no more
I Bet the person under my tweet eats Sour Pussy V V V V V V V V
Hahahahaha. Forgot the new name. I don't know you but I bet you like In-N-Out.
Hold 786 flight ! is in the building!!
come with tonight
Poor you! One Zito fan on the entire planet, and he plagues you.
After an excruciating stall, game appears to be back on. Literally. Fingers crossed!
coming or going?
didyou ever get a screener for The Los Angeles Ripper?
"Let us cross over the river and rest under the shade of the trees" -- last words of whom 149 years ago today?
it happens
hahah , twitter's getting bored :/ , im bored wbu?
What is it that makes battle hardened warriors humane enough to return the dead, but not so that disputes turn into war in the first place?
Close to the end of THE LEFTOVERS by Tom Perrotta, read by Dennis Boutsikaris. Very enjoyable, but also somewhat baffling.
How will you use personality marketing in an era of information overload, virtual relationships & ADD?
REM is finally calling it quits. Good for them I guess, but they should have done so at least 10 years ago, and maybe 15.
Testing out mobile twitter...
Craig hasn't been drafted yet, but he's still a darn good player. Fun story about how he puts in work outside of school tomorrow at 6&10pm
Gervase Wheeler: A British Architect in America, 1847–1860 by Renée Tribert and James F. O’Gorman G'78 now available from
RT : I'm starting a support group for people who don't "get" the Twilight Singers.
I guess 35 is taken, so I'll take Will Venable's number, whatever that is.
In Sontag's formulation, neither the possession nor the past is real; the act of taking a photograph offers the photographer a false sense o
why am i at my house instead of fantabuloso?
I had a creative writing teacher in college who coulda learned from that article.
ah I love him! He's hot lol
ulatstosic556 Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Girls on Playboy take naked pictures for money. Girls on Facebook take naked pictures for likes & comments... smh
#ImThatPersonWho can never find something when it's right there in my hand...
dont know anything about it lol but I might have to give it a shot.
Very happy to be a part of the new #jamescarrington.com single "Ache".
I love when tweeps tweet that they 'just posted a new pic'...like we're all going to get all excited and go click on it. #whoexactlyareyou?
MEXICO REPRESENT. THIS IS MAH CREW.
is working on a plan to direct 47th ward TIF money into schools
RT ur the mayor of whitey cast'el/ 'round here I'am the king! Have a Merry Christmas and HNY!
I wish my answer could be, for seventeen magazine (:
wow really over it
Never in the history of the world have so many people read an S-1 at the same time.
You have been exercising more... that happens to me when I up my exercise.
haha yes roomie, i finally made it home to our mansion. There's no place like "home"... Lol
Gotta Love Mr. Grohl! Life's a bitch, gotta keep on truckin! Check out the "Fresh Pots" video of his if you haven't already
Harry shorts replaceamovietitlewithshorts
know it doesn't have girlfriend on the title, but i'm sure it gonna make you remember of your girl :)
#Random those girls you see that are really cute but don't know what looks good on their body
10 days without string bean?
For the record...I'm totally freaked out by tornados so living in the midwest is slightly stressing me out.
oh I like that answer better
We can, we can break out of here jump on over there where the air is clearer we can, we can forget the pace win in our own race become a
MY 100 TWEET WAS; QUOTE OF THE YEAR MEN DONT ENVY
saves the day and replaces a pair of shoes which fell apart much too soon.
hopefully u love dat person enough so that yall can make it out of it alive (sometimes litterally)... and unbroken
I want to be at home watching Friday and Next Friday.
they set up reflected mirrors and lights and made it look like the recording studio was haunted hahaha
My friends never cease to amaze and impress me.
"Dance With My Father" on in the Avis lobby - the song that once threw into the ceiling in a rage
Such a respectful picture. Might be your best tweet ever.
Happy Hour in Milwaukee can't come soon enough.
she said thank you. And there's some Mole's leftover if you want some. :D
and How was UPCEA this week? I miss my continuing ed peeps. Hope you are doing well.
Talk Dirty to me maybe a purr or an m, or simply breathe heavily.
Model Pop >>>> Bottle Pop
we won't be able to catch you in Alameda (Giants tix). Any chance you're in area Saturday?
thanks for making me smile, for making me happy :) you're my inspiraton! #younow today? :)
Me either doll its acutally just Miss Kentucky US there are few of us! Its going to be an amazing time! Hugs!
LOL on the P.S. Carl
If your not laughing then what's the point?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! Hugs n kisses but mostly kisses<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
New topic - Olympus Space Kit price
thanks! Appreciate it!
RIP Norton Dodge, who saved so many works of dissident art during the dangerous years of Soviet rule in Russia
Ricky Martin :D
BGP The Worlds #1 E-blast Service
Collaboration between NSTIC and industry on secure data/identity management saves up to $10 per signature on process cost.
We look forward to your updates!
What a Friday! Who's doing something exciting this weekend?
Beadles forever <U+2665>
I went shopping today. Yep, talk is still cheap.
Cleaning out my whip!
Holy moley. I'm done.
Mike Miller tryna put on for white people from trailer parks everywhere.
um I think your mistaking this for a bad thing... You're 7 years younger and 20 lbs lighter; to me, you're the little one :)
Rick Ross just signed Omarion to MMG
its SEERSUCKER the hell would you do that to it for?
Awwwee :)! Thanks :D!
Here's hoping you heal up quick and get back to sleeping - cause that's where more dreams and tales come from!
SO did some kitchen tasting for yesterday & I approved a DELICIOUS gluten-free chocolate cake (thought of you)
I am glad Premier League is back but I hope to see matches that don't end in a draw
Stay up-to-date with the latest Diet & Exercise news, information, community postings with our email newsletter
Finding a European Village ...last session.
Good win tonight!!
Follow me back my nigga!
tj, shut up.
yeah dude, puts out some quality mixes :)
Brazilian butt lift IS SERIOUS SHIT! 20 minutes and I'm fucking drained! Omg
You have to love the Bergeron-Marchand-Seguin line! Never say die! Go #Bruins!!
Another life lesson is what I'm left with.
cause.....like what if being fat was contagious!!!??? and number 2...they are fat...lol
where u at right now?
RT Is just like a second home. Cant wait for what God has in store tonight
seperate note! Graduation fitness/sexy bod countdown starts tomorrow! U in?
Farewell Firefox, it's been swell.
State Dock is a few weeks away, and we are SO EXCITED!!!!!
Can't Be Friends - Trey Songs >>>>
Please go follow this amzing girl She loves you and it would mean the world to her dude!
well you could probably say people don't have the balls also, but pansies might just sound nicer <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B8>
Twitter has allowed Poised Creation and its artists to flourish! Thanks for all the support!
You mean like undercover reporting. wink*wink*
I love you girl! I appreciate you so much. xoxo
good plan! Maybe u can be an extra tomrrw.
voters care about neighborhoods, city services & helping improve the process for small business & not fake twitters.
Accurate RT : Who has friends? Not Makenna.
Getting my hair cut today :)
so the Pacers. You still doubting them. Be ready for my shoutouts soon bro.
Happy easter to web guru himself gonna catch up in Venice this week!
The girl who had tea with the devil
Sex Aint Better Than Love<3
Hey everybody my bands cd was just released go to my Facebook and click on the link to buy it
I can email u details.
Win or lose I'll be here helping to make El Paso a better place, Will all candidates in Tx. HD-75 commit as well? 100% El Pasoan
Just watching videos of 1D makes me want to cry. I really want to see them some day.
Since I was blessed to win a pre-release copy in the teamBailey contest it'll be hitting my doorstep soon?Ooh please say yes
methinks you have been slightly over trained
did u miss loe blowing the hold in the 7th? tune in now to watch how krod look doing it!
Last minute preparations for the Great Bay Mother's Day extravaganza! Fam coming from TX, DC, SC! So the plumber's here...
Happy Birthday to long-time soccer supporter Dave Johnson! “It’s in the net, It’s in the net”
My baby Rayle' holding her bottle a lot better than b4 & eating out of her spoon!! Go Rayle'
New York New York .... On my way!!!
Nearly as warm and much sunnier in Baltimore today JC!
dollhouse beds are 25% off. While theymlast. Any color. Twins and fuels galore. Worn and distressed.
guys.. looking for a great gift for your girl??? sexy boudoir photography will get make her feel like a supermodel - you reap the benefits!
that is certainly true. I'll pick up my new baby iPhone tomorrow night.
I bet that message has never been preached :-) But this one has; "Mission 120!" BAM!
does that mean you? Kidding (:
Can't wait to see what cute little shirts Philadelphia comes out with after this game.
I like the MKE idea to put by the airport, but for 350k, I'm sure someone could do it for a better price than that...
make that confirmed.
RT : As always, start with your goals when thinking about social integration
and im pretty fucking pissed at you , saying i have a fucking problem okaai . ! ?
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
RT : Why stress over him when you know he's not stressing over you
the time difference is crazy!!!
According to Mom I'm a quarter of a century old today. Gee now feelin' kinda old. But that's just her way of sayin' happy golden birthday.
come to tonight to quench your thirst...
really???? nice shot
Looked at the weather this morning in Sioux Falls; 33 degrees.... Looked at the weather this morning in Corpus Christi; 74 degrees...
Whitney Houston you are loved and deeply missed. We will keep singing along!
My legs are jellllo
last night was awesome...the first of many
early evening rain storm made lawn mowing decision for me... maybe tomorrow
I'm the sissy in this house! RT: ": Hubby scared of Made me take the cover off the smoker and start it up. Sissy.”
lol ive never been to beverly hills :(
And the packer won't lose a game this season.
Percy Miracles was the best.
NashVegas is a blast (and this hotel is a city unto itself)!
Al Green in the background..
I love those tattoos on the ends of your fingers!
Lookin for love in all the right places :)
promoting site at the 2nd Annual Business Expo hosted at FHS by the LTRCC.
where have you been I feel like I haven't seen you for days?
whos gonna see #MissionImpossibleGhostProtocol? i know i am! RT!
Great turn out tonight at Amity Hall after the debate!
you're turning black!
I totally agree! Small is the new big
Thank you Friday for coming. Let's take care of business!
honestly you and the rest have to stop with these ridiculous offers. Its making me angry now
Sprucing myself with a little bit of 's black beard's delight. Let the feeding begin ladies.
let boys know what a real slab is. he killed it at #Awready. Thanks bro
Batman is real #don'tforgetit
Budget results are starting to come in from across Long Island. Make sure you're following for all results.
I want One Direction to do a Call Me Maybe video
boo! They closed already. No food at Elsa's n Lily's? Lol maybe you can raid their fridge.
Hey check out what is giving away for free to a lucky winner in #AUSTIN if you play by his rules!
Having such overt reminders of how terrible race relations are in US is painful to endure, and I know I'm not the only one feeling it...
You only regret what you dont do <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
oohhhh jeennnaaa marrrbllessss. its better to just stop and let people forget about you rather than make incredibly un funny videos.
easily could have been agreed.
haha I know Tebow was chewing on one the other day too! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
We're not official tweeters for but and I are in!
"You speak fluent hoodrat Kenny" - Charles Barkley
Our duty as men is to proceed as if limits to our ability did not exist. - Teilhard de Chardin
:) RT I haven't been wearing nail polish for the last two days and it has made me so much additional awkward. Fixing that now.
I'm excited for you that sounds fun lucky you!
It's all fun and games until you drop a power drill on your hand. Ouch! Hand still throbbing...
crap. dragons are the new zombies.
You motherf***kers!! Now you decide to do maintenance on the fire alarms?!? Damn you!!
I Took The G Out Your Waffle, Now All U Got Left Is Your Ego-
Top notch Syracuse education right there. It is sessions not cessions. #really What was your Wonderlic? I bet less than 10
Taking credit for limiting scoring in the 4th quarter is like Al Roker taking credit for sunshine.
Thanks for the mention podcubs!
I'm sad I didn't see the Smithsonian pumpkin carving ideas before! Really cool
this is cause you do all that ecstacy when you hit those concerts. don't lie. i'm hip to you youngins!
where you at? I'm bout to grab lunch and hang by the pool
O okayy! I get it now:P ... Ello mate<U+E415>
I still can't find this supposed house where Daft Punk is playing.
I love when you respond to all my tweets at one time. It's like Christmas.
WHEW! it wasn't the same w/out you.
BAHAHAHAHAHAHA. VIDEO! VIDEO!
Long day ahead but gonna be a happening weekend. Hope to see you guys in Springfield tomorrow night-BH
Enhancing me and the Mrs. home office. Snaking ethernet wire through insulation isn't the most fun job in the world!
thanks for the follow :)
I do too<3
Hope to meet you at a twitup soon. Merry Christmas!
WISHING AND HOPING MY DREAMS COME TRUE TODAY PLZ FOLLOW ME SELENA I LUV YUR MY IDOL 4 LIFE (: <3 7
after this one I have easy classes too.
haha, yeah watched Jennifers body few minutes ago ^^ .. do u know good movies dude ? ;)
“: we always gotta make it more of a struggle than it should be... #Lakers but its still on to the next one”
tx for the RT!
WORD!!! Their workout pants are an instant booty lift!
Gotta love it when federal officials argue that you should just trust them that they're doing their jobs.
I guess my dog really likes Lady Gaga lol
Headlining tour from Ed Sheeran.
"Don't be a spectator,don't let life pass you by." - Lou Holtz, born this day in 1937.
Don't act like your so special.
“: Hey Dad, this is fucking bullshit.” this sounds EXACTLY like how I talk to my [estranged] father.
red potatoes huh lol i see u
gotta fucking headache now...this dumb ass just opened the window on my damn head...stupid bitch.!
Those girls that are like "omg I love da 60s da beetles and jim morrisen is so sexy but mic jager ew he's got big lips who's rich alpert" no
yes it is, its last yrs magic lol
hahaha, u guys better pack up and move, I feel like the earthworms are giving u warning signs right now
Why, why, why is there a used diaper on the street. Why! Ugh barf.
oh you are wonderful!
gts numba 1! who do you think you are running around leaving scars. -alex <3
she will have room I'm sure.
after rocking all 3 EPs today, realized has a full length out!
Now I have boys 2 men in my head. Thanks Aaron Rogers!
no problem! hope you're having a nice Wednesday so far :)
And even the defense is scoring for the Ducks today. Colorado is simply awful. So bad I feel sorry for them.
Happy Mother's Day to all the great moms out there!
It was a tangle of trying different things and reading different articles. I'll see if I can come up with something sane.
Life as a series of traumatic brain injuries.
Can I get a tweet please? It would mean SO MUCH!! Sick today...make me feel better?
thanks 4 the follow. How long you guys been doin yer thing? We would love to play west CO again. The Mesa theater is sick!
#awkward being in the same house as my boyfriends ex gf x__x
"The poison gas these days that is causing birds to fall from the sky in publishing is…mobile." - RT
Please let the old guard know they have a home in my crew: Old Dirty Dogs, Inc.! Dinosaurs 35 and up!
RT : Pls ask all who follow you to join us here. We will have a larger voice for change. We can do it #NOW. Thanks & LOVE
Had a meaningful convo w/ voter on GOP Primary. Tho we disagreed, he appreciated my honesty and said he'd vote 4 me.
Let's Go !
where's the whole album swisher and instrumentals download link
“ That awkward moment when you really want to talk to someone, but don't know how to continue the conversation.”
Municipal #Recreation casualty of budget cuts. How do park and rec folks keep themselves essential? Diversify. Innovate. What are u doing?
When's the cutoff?
Yep. Thought it was gonna be caught. Sigh. RT : Gotta get Ike the RBI there... C'mon Turner...
Kids are eating lunch - overheard 'daddy made good food and mommy didn't even help him.'
Never take anything for granted.
Thanks! This is another good example of an alternative way to handle the request.
spinning tonight w the Night Dreamers! Getting the spot warm from for next Thursday w The Real Live Show!!!
thank you sweetheart!!
is my fuckin hero. Keep the smile on ur face kid. It keeps us all happy.
um I felt that last tweet was a lil too modest so I modified then hit RT vote for Lisa muthafunkin bello not just n e one
Had an awesome night with , , and at Zoey's. Good hangin' with y'all!
i need u
you're an idiot.
someday... i'll make it to the showcase showdown... someday!
glad you weren't seriously injured cause that woulda tarnished one of the most awesome things I've ever watched.
"I would slap you, but in Germany we don't hit little girls"
white lips pale face breathing in the snow flakes burnt lungs sour taste
The only redeeming thing about sitting thru The Black Swan with my wife is the Portman-Kunis action.
Why is my life so #complicated and, I wish that my life can be
I should really get to bed. Probably shouldn't have taken on this extra shift. Oh well, everyday I'm hustlin'.
The Radio City Christmas Spectacular is on Netflix!!!!
Thursday! Go Chargers! Wear your Chargers gear today and get 15 % off your bill! Don't forget live Jazz with Joe Marillo from 7 to 9pm!
Well hope you are feeling well enough to watch the #GMEN! Get better
ha sorry, I take that back. I can't say that with any faith.
“: Someone come move my bed, & I'll pay you in Trident Layers. Your choice of flavor.”lmao
Steve Jobs Johnny Cash Bob Hope. No Jobs No Cash No Hope. Please RT.
Did you take cool photos at #WFX? Share them here with your colleagues and peers!
#1omf is on my mind..
nordstrom.com good example of integrating YouTube, reviews, shopping, community.
Getting Pissed off..
I sure hope the rest of the band punches me square in the jaw if my ego gets as out of control as Steven Tyler's -jay
"This is Russ Leatherman calling on behalf of... your doctor. You have... 6 months... to live."
Gary, sooner or later we're all going to have to choose between more Obama and someone that at least isn't trying to sell out USA!
#still blown away by last nights #DowntonAbbey clearly will be playing the soundtrack on the way to work this morn
Meeting up with director at newest branch at to get sneak peak before it opens this Saturday, video to follow.
Got one of those "Dearest hardware purchase manager" emails from China today. I don't know why, but the "dearest" always slays me.
emailed didn't get YouTube 1s
The measure of your enlightenment is the degree to which you are comfortable with paradox, contradiction, and ambiguity.~D.Chopra
by far thanksgiving food stuffing turkeyy etc
ah shit that's even farther
thanks guys!! You guys will be in our hearts forever!! Go Cats!
made it through another 2-hour, double session of water aerobics this morning and I'm feeling GREAT!
was just thinking the same thing...
When you make stuff up,in your mind, ( I call it MSU-ing), you make yourself miserable.
“: Favorite? "On Persephone's Island: A Sicilian Journal, Mary Taylor Simetti." I've reread many times.”Great one!
It's high time this school stuff went away and never came back.
u are the best
Early morning memorization requires extra caffeine.
If you still "rock" a faux-hawk, then LOLOLOLOLOL.
Kurt Busch spins after getting tapped by Brad Keselowski
Congrats on your walk off blast to win the game yesterday
Goodnight Twitter(:
A new week is coming...what are we going to make of it?
aw! :) well that's a good thing lol
But that's how it is and always will be. I'll never get what I want, just shit.
Awe Justins last tweet ;)
The Breax concert at House of Blues.
Hey everyone! My website is now up in running!! Come check it out at aaronmilbourn.com and leave me a comment :)
I'm now addicted to all the auction/storage/hoarding tv shows - just add them to the list.
GUESS WHAT'S MY 11:11 wishes or today?
On a mission mofos!!
scored a trade and dropped robertson.
Very close, about five minutes from my place.
Cults tonight at Slim's... so spoiled for good shows lately!
“: that "Like Heaven" go super hard!” appreciate it!!
Need something to eat
I want to book but I don't know how to
children expect moral authority from their parentsl. Parents should be strong and confident
I hate that I can't tell oomf how I really feel
#Mets are all wearing Gary Carter's No. 8 jersey for warm-ups. Very nice gesture by the club.
Congratulations! You just won a Family 4 Pack to our #readeveryday Family event! Please direct message us for more information!
I get that all the time.
You guys ever heard of iCloud? Set it to back up every night and never have to worry about that happening again.
Definitely saving this one for later!
lazy as fuck
He said love you <3
I think everyone ought to get affluent and popular and do all that they ever imagined so they may notice that it is not the answer.
For Garrison, I think the average age of downtown MKE went from whatever it normally is to exactly 64.
What's in the water in Darien, IL? There are more prospective High School composers for our workshop there than any other town in Illinois!
Please join me on BranchOut
hahaha love this
oh so i AM following you
If you are in Pittsburgh there are countless closer places to get this beer than House of 1000 Beers (although I love the place)
hum nope I don't know anyways because I have a blackberry and you have iphone(its says via iphone).
Tebow magic had a nice run but it's gonna all end next week.
Dolphins staring at pass rusher shortage in day 2 of NFL draft
I didnt say you were. But because I cant know what its like to be black, I can't be sure that you dont
Two tears in a bucket mother fuck it
Had to stop my car for a man in the middle of the street on a unicycle, so he could pick up a pin he was juggling with.
And some people would kill they self 4 the attention
I'm a wienie.
Well there is no Indiana-UK game next year....who would you like to see to replace?
Bud Selig is retiring in 2012, moving to Madison to write his memoirs at the UW campus. Consider this an open invitation for happy hour Bud
It would be cool if she ran a Newt Gingrich campaign - just show up lightly-prepared with no staff and opinionate celebritastically
I don't care anymore
Time is flying by! Before we know it we will have free Original Glazed doughnuts for everyone! Celebrate our big day starting at midnight.
So, thinks I subtweet a lot lol I beg to differ <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
People's elbow!!!
How come when someone is droppin' the mother of all dueces, I can't seem to get out of the stall fast enough?
Yeah. Uh huh. You know what it is.
Cain: China WANTS nuclear weapons; station US forces instigate Iran conflict; electrify southern border (an ally). Great foriegn policy-NOT!
Russell County over Cumberland County in the 16th District 1st Round
When I see WWDC, first thing that comes to mind is DC101 radio station instead of Apple developers conference.
Props to the young women of for understanding basic points that eluded most of the women in my college womens studies seminar.
Fathers can give their sons an inheritance of houses and wealth, but only the LORD can give an understanding wife. (Proverbs 19:14 NLT)
Happy International Museum Day, everyone! Go hug a curator or docent.
damn I don't even have to watch anymore NCAA or NBA games anymore. I just have to look at tweets
Gm, how you been?
don't forget to follow me...
Mr.Deeds amazing funny .oboe
Ricky Seals-Jones has arrived and is in the coach's office making his commitment call. Should expect announcement soon.
CARMA.! And bet I still git into college
May in Indiana!
Louisville to Atlanta to New Orleans will be a fun trip for sure.
First order w/ Totsy = not impressed! Hoping they can fix it, but we'll see.
awesome tribute!
i feel like i dont tweet my own things often enough. normally just RT other cool stuff. ill be better. promise. its my october resolution.
Watching grease with my babes! and #twitterless Hailey Rose and Rebecca Hendricks(:
Ambang in the ring - looking extra trim for this lt hvy bout! - ms
You're always one choice away from changing your life.
Monte got me fucked up!
Off to camera store for a tuneup. Friend loaning me an F2.0L 22-50. Might get a spare battery though... Hero2 in "trial mode" on dash too
Productive day of cleaning and laundry. Finally finishing up
If the #Penguins had scored on that 2-man adv, would both Bruins have come out of the box or just one?
Remember to eat at least one cup of alkaline-forming vegetables each day. Stay alkaline!
following britney spears ... Bitch you the black monkey on the side hoe!!! Teamkim leggo!!
When people don't text you back <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
love helping people get their business ideas off the ground!
stop playing 2k all night
Loving Dr. Cary Cordova's presentation on Children's Book Press and its work on getting Latino voices in children's literature
RT : Fill in the blank: This weekend I am going to bake cupcakes and watch season 2 of Sherlock.
Me too. I'm about to deal with more than 40 and 41. HA.
it's a little late 4 that.. I dropped it getting a cookie at Publix
All sports are hard when you sit on the couch everyday watching tv like me.
haha...politics with an American Idol spin could be interesting...
If someone has the Lord of the Rings movies and would let me watch them, I would pay you cash dollars or alternatively cook you dinner.
how you say broke in spanish?
I bet you do lol
#DATA act would establish a new independent commission to lead government's efforts on federal spending transparency and accountability
Kick'n it at audition!
This twitter, is your tweet of the day via "When parents become dictators. #bitchplease #im18"
#Sorry to hear that!!!!!!!!!!!! My condolences
The NBA nixed a fair trade (fair because Paul is leaving after this season) involving three teams because owners bitched about it.
We're an awesome tee shirt empire. Don't let the "tees" part fool you.
Springsteen giving props to Woody and Elvis!!!
I'm not hip to these laughing acronyms...I can understand "lol," but "rolling on the floor with pants undone" is excessive
finally home from Ikea and ready to redecorate the design studio!!
So Alabama should always host Boise State, no matter what? "Public interest" is about keeping children safe.
Just got done with a meeting at Apple's Fashion Island Store's brand new Briefing Room with I wish I had pics of the view.
And also almost every way in which they currently structure social society for only their extremely selfish type.
you must have dumped a couple of 'Katie Courics' before the weigh-in!
In Cgo with colleagues to strengthen public schools. RT Don Shalvey lauding Districts and charters working together.
ignor my last tweet i found a new pic 8D way better than the last one 8D
At FedEx forum for a must win game. Hopefully the grizzlies can kick some butt!
I hope Everybody SHows up tonight and bring it back to Denver for game 6...
I don't care what anybody says, I will forever love Hannah Montana. Thats's my childhood.
RT was swarmed by a killer wasp with multiple stings she touched her genitals & wiped it on the stings it never inflamed
I don't understand how someone's head can be that nappy that even if it's BRUSHED it still looks like a rice field .... -_-
Follow me on twitter---- kelmarie14. :)
Making progress on my website! Hopefully, it will be up and running within a few weeks.
Stay tuned for live feeds from tonight's debate.
The Ragin' 2 is waitin' for you! Go to okcpartybus.com to learn more.
I want some in and out O: <333
found anyone to handle the design work you were talking about, you killed the Pitch by the way enjoyed watching it
‘11 #NFL Draft will be heavily marketed by brands as it might be a while before they can leverage the NFL. #Under Armour, #Subway underway.
can anyone say...be kind...rewind...ugh
to u too sis!! Love ya bye :)
Awww,got woken up with breakfast in bed...after a long night of work..thanks babe,luv ya :)
its alrite, I though u were on cuz u had add me as friend. I accept ur request tho. Just let me know when u getting on.
but Taylor said it herself in a live interview
Legacy was just added to Amurica Fest 2011 ! We're really excited to play with these guys, make sure you come to the show!
Wishes you a happy, healthy and prosperous New Year.
Say GoodBye d(•_•)b -Chris Brown ^_^
People from the past are creeping their way back into my life.....cool! :)
Did you register and pay or what?
because I'm a psychic. I actually watch that clip like 50 times a day. It's inexplicably awesome. Maybe a little bit hot, too.
Sometimes I dream about us doing nothing, but to me & you it's better than a whole lot of something.
Thanks for recommending Camtasia & Snagit! We really appreciate it!
It's a good day to be alive :)
what's Jared and savannah's YouTube?
Injuries are an Athlete's Kryptonite
I can't go a whole day w/o somebody thinking they know me. I guess I have that familiar face ;)
It's a good thing people can't read minds...or I'd be arrested by now...
this is the last tear I shed for vs!
“:Some people with a rare medical condition known as superior canal dehiscence syndrome' can actually hear their eyeballs move"
Plaza pretty much clear from what I can tell. May have been a few arrests but I didn't see em.
#Coffee & determination will get me through today's work load!!
May 26 Is My Birthday Party , And Ima Do Right .
Being home alone all day today and half of tomorrow makes me happy
I loved watching #feastingonasphalt on
Once again - driving across the US but returning home this time. Or maybe I'm leaving home and just visiting Texas. I get confused.
RT Sarah Palin is a disgrace & an embarrassment to thinking women everywhere. Her inevitable implosion will be spectacular
Teaching Flameworking at The White Butterfly tomorrow morning :)
Had the carnitas #tacos last night Excellent, excellent, excellent! Thanks guys, I'll be back soon!
Maybe you should think about starting a family business? <U+E008> Or make a website and upload yours since you're a pro now..
Tina perm your fuckin weave!
my dad is so fucking annoying.i can't wait till i move outt.
No. Should I?
that's pretty awesome! It was a great day in sports history.
find me an Australian to marry
Your in fucking high school act like it
Niall kissed me while riding the Ferris Wheel <3
I was just thinking about you loser :)
Lol I used to run a 5:30am boot camp & I hated it. Perhaps that's why. Easier to participate than TEACH class that early!
Music is not take it or leave it. Music is life or death
Please do that.
after you c this, you should tweet me back! wow, it would be amazing knowing that you saw this<3 i love you!
Is there time for a nap before winter comes?
Pitching a tent and camping for the very first time...in 's backyard...fun times
The new video is even better! Thanks for the love RT yeah, tweeted it out a few days ago, good stuff
On a date wit my NEW BOOH!!
Concordia(irvine,ca.) Is playing great basketball. NAIA basketball is GOOD STUFF!
Clint Eastwood for Detroit/Chrysler vs. Robert De Niro for NYC/AmEx in a classy commercial-off. Discuss.
There's more where that came from if nothing is suiting your fancy
sometimes they tweet me back! Sometimes, they hardly recognize my tweets
Love is like a violin. The music may stop now and then, but the strings remain forever. ~ June Bacher via
cool. I was meaning to suggest to class that #m1pdx would be a good place to do some reporting
It will cover chaps 6,7,8,9 from the G/K text and related readings from Moodle, TAP, etc. Tomorrow will be on chap 9
Auf wiedersehen #fbf11. Ready to go home and get to work on the great projects we found this year.
Tweet you later...off to plan some of my 2012 calendar....super amped...
Leaving Huntington Beach
LMAO!!!! You're such a putz! I talk so much cause u don't comprehend things. I feel like I'm talking to a wall! LOLOL!!!! ;)
RT The best feeling comes when you realize that you're perfectly happy without the people you thought you needed the most
Finally #smbmad is here!
That awkward moment when your friend mentions a party you weren't invited to..
great #operationrunway event! Thanks for helping our wounded warriors!
When catching dinner & a #Bucks game at the #Bradley Center consider a relaxing ride to and from in a Step Ahead Services sedan.
baaahahaha. can't wait for the weekend recap.
Feel like I was on autopilot for the last week. Time to refocus with renewed energy, vim & vigor!
master's students in strat comm in des moines (and online); journalism students in iowa city (and elsewhere) online.
dnt think i should do #imagine anymore -anna
Sorry, no I don't support any type of bullying and i'm not going to follow an account with a name like that.
Aw :-( Enjoy sunny SF then Aubrey. It's rare to see the glowing disc in the sky in this city ^_^
Food commodity prices are soaring; lock in your emergency stash with 25 year shelf life food storage! No joke! FASTpreparedness.com
S/o to fb
- well I'll be in the islands soon.. So we could link up. Or over email. Which ever that works and however I can to help I will
Haha! No shhhh-ing at Mango parties!
Given that this was my first, both.
- Test & learn. Immerse. Think in ecosystems. Scale what works. Understand when to monetize. Show you care. Have fun.
Tweeting & driving as well..
Henry & Glenn Forever & Ever #1 by Igloo Tornado, with new comics by Tom Neely, Ed Luce and Benjamin Marra.
It's Drop Everything and Read (D.E.A.R.) Day! What are you reading? My books = Night Circus by Morgenstern & Flint Heart by Paterson
Hell no south lake carol cheated nasty!! Even have proof to show it >:( they payed the referee to cheat
Polyphonic Spree tonight at HoB. Its been ages since I've seen Tim & Co. play SD. Best band EVER to come out of Dallas TX.
hope you don't judge me, cause me and you are not all that different.
Israeli radio reports that soldiers have been injured in #Nakba Day protests. But what about the 80 Palestinians injured? Not a word.
RT : Next #PDPlus call is March 8 w of talking about how TV news is adapting to the web.
I am a king
well played.
What a stunning day in the 'burgh!! I'm going to look out the window and pretend #snow isn't coming anytime soon.
Pizza is on the way :)
I almost said, "it's not enough…" but I suspect, for most straight men, there really isn't an amount that would be enough.
"Can we just call Debbie Gibson?" Oh man, I cracked up & woke my cats o__o
i was just amazed when you just came up and started talking to me at camp. and then took a pic with me
We’re happy to announce that our friends have been awarded a 20% discount on either VIP seating or GA seating for the Green Tie Ball!
Love and do what you like
ur name ring bells? LoL and naw Im good asking bout some lame from Twitter. U talk too much shit on here to be imprtant!
Late to the party homie!
The Official Kentucky Derby pick of Travis Lincoln Coffey is Union Rags.
Went to Conejo Valley Days yesterday. It's a carnival thing. I hadn't been since I was seven!! I'll post some pics. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Unless you're personalizing, I predict you'll speed through in 6 hours. Take snacks-n-caffeine!
just a quick note in,Logie is doing alittle better, still pretty sick,hes resting at my moms while i pack more boxes.
The gps arrival time always turns into the time to beat
I'd rather my boys go up against the caps than the rangers. Just for talent sake.
I told some ppl let's go to bw3's the other day and looked me like I was crazy. Asking why I call it "bw3's"
Come check out Dante @ the Overtime Concert @ Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm! Tickets are only $15, say DANTE @ the door!!!
26 more days til my birthday and 32 until my New York trip, Yayyyyyy!
": I'm a fan of saying YOU'RE WELCOME really loudly when people don't say thank you."
Four Necessities to the Ultimate Home Theater System » Articles ...
So far so good. Be sure to get out there and vote! Call or e-mail your neighbors; make sure they get out there too.
The All Night Express congratulate Fire Ant and Solider Ant on beating the Young Bucks last week.
For #lodlam at Smithsonian, only take elevators. Don't take stairs or you will be forever archived!
LA Business Journal Real Estate Quarterly Report. Do you know which 6 law firms have relocated downtown? Pick up this week edition!
Finished my last Science Fair presentation. I really know how to schmooze with the judges.
09/14/2011 - Students Night at Qdoba Mexican Grill Students receive FREE Chips & Queso after 5 p.m. with purchase of an entree
The protesters are pushing for a new tax rule which is supported by the Wall Street-owned Obama administration.
my mother: "you're not fat...just ugly" my brother: "i think she's a little bit of both"
holy crap my back looks so scary in that pic
Yeah, see you there.
Our pleasure RT : Thank you for a fantastically enlightening conversation today. Look forward to learning more
im taking the boys 2 get their hair cut…&& then coming home 2 do mines… then studying
I wish I was this spoiled all the time and not just because I'm graduating
extra sloppy. And weird. It was different.
Thx for the multiple RTs...You are greatly appreciated! Looking forward to your tweets on how to grow a
It's all about the craft...you all are over 1/10 there already!
Danny Granger and Paul George both still scoreless with 2:29 left in half. Pacers still up 7. Heat still wearing their flippy floppies.
Ah, your amazing! Thank you, (:
Hey do we start the softball trash talk now? I have lots of yo mama jokes. And Yo Yo Ma jokes, in case you're into cellos.
File under: Things I loved about #NotreDame RT : Alumni Hall will wake the dead . . . .
Let me rephrase that MOST girls are only about that thing ! That thing being MONEY ' Make'n MOST girls HOES !
I’m Standing Up against poverty today with Pls RT and join me.
No Carr yet pal, you get Orton!!!
I wasn't being mean to you T_T
The supreme happiness in life is the conviction that we are loved. ---- Victor Hugo
hmm. Maybe I'll check them out and see if I can make a dent in MY paycheck.
I feel your pain “: #TypeYourNameWithoutVowels is fucking retarded”
Can Beat All Dem Hoes Ass On Bad Girls CLub
RT I'm looking for a bar in DC that's showing the big game tonight. (Wizards/Cavs game, obviously)
Baby Yorkshire Puddings with creamy smoked trout &amp; horseradish pt - WALA-TV FOX10
“: This Saturday May 12, is Shop With day at Rochester from 2-5pm! Don't forget! It's mothers day!”
You can't let people & negative things hold you back from what you really want to do.
no & you didnt ask me to tinychat, just blake COOL
Wow! Really? That's a new one.
TY for the RTs and favorites...see you Saturday! , , ,
you guys have been playing great last 5 weeks where has that been in the beginning of the season?
Hey thanks for checkin us out!
“: When your hearts in it, doors open for you.”
The girls in my gym class. The girls at school. Your all beautiful. Even if I sound like a
Follow Me #IFollowBack .
Thank you!! :) RT : I love the haircut! You look fabulous!
good morning #STEELERNATION ...thanx to God for this great day to be alive
Site down for maintenance through the weekend. Email with questions.
oh and everytime i tweet people faint so yes i am jesus, looool
Will get a goal tonight and keep his standing as a league leader? If not, who's going to net one for the ?
Thanks so much for the compliment!! Show this tweet to your cashier for 1 Free Burrito on us!
i'm getting my wisdom teeth out today. wish me luck? :)
Dirk, aka Big Baby, needs to quit and join a Broadway acting gig.
I feel you..
get better soon.
All could be an end result. :)
Lls you are a fool
follow back plese?
Bring on some B2ST!
thank you
The #Bulls morale is crushed, they looked defeated Friday night, not surprised they lost today
Lol word I gotta go visit her and shit
Ill be your shot of whiskey
How good do you have to be, to be considered a "good person"?
#UTTV "This will be utilizing our talent, our contributors, no longer reporters but content contributors..." Lynch
I'm wearing flip flops and a sun dress. Whoo hoo
i love how you're always there and you mean so much to me, i DONT regret meeting you not one bit because your're so special.
Going to be a sick night! Can't wait...Heard a lot of good feedback about you.
Just heard scanner traffic indicating both doors of the Capitol increasing to 1 out 1 in ratio.
So tired and I deff don't wanna get up early :/
i wanna give a big shoutout to for the major follow
I'm bangin it out right now bruh
The crowd's getting restless. Lots of little kids in the crowd, at 8 pm still nothing on school closures "Talk about closures" = from crowd
just found out how to lease it...ok bruh nevermind...but hit me tho...www.youtube.com/user/maximilleon
what time I it in Florida.
Epic night for ; made delicious apple nut cinnamon rolls & grew two full inches. is "furious". laughed.
hahaha, pals b4 gals.
How's your day going?
Im at a payphone tryin to call home, all of my change I spent on you.
Everything was going great until that stupid dance. I wish I would have went.../':
took you long enough, but because you did I think I owe you a bottle of the finest wines at UNOs ;)
I have tried the #TolietWand system, and I will not go back to the disgusting toliet brush.
Dealers hate people who negotiate on out the door price basis It makes all their number manipulations and hidden fees irrelevant.
U sure know how to ruin movie night-don't u have any quality control over your DVDs...3rd time in 1 month #FAIL! CC:
Think I have to root for the Preds now. Good luck
#FF Great #Seattle Organizations
RT : It would be so cool to eat lunch with u! // Aw, thanks.
Yay!! I have something to look forward to!! haha :)
Also: want to communicate with other writers rather than just sitting back and wishing I knew them.
Yep....including me! ": Minaj just made a lot of people hit mute or change the channel. That was horrible. #Grammys"
you're such a tyrant
Beer drinkers have bigger waistlines than all other drinkers. No, I don’t know why.
HOSPITAL BILL PAID!!!
breakfast tacos!!
Yea Agreed!!! It's a desert over here lol :)
I'm hott!
nothing...the bastard...
Sleep is a symptom of caffeine deprivation. Need to lay off of the caffeine so I can sleep
practice on the weekends and it should feel normal over time
thanks for the shout out. We're thrilled you loved "Red."
text my cell i try texting ya cell lol
Females, what do you think of this? - Social progress can be measured by the social position of the female sex. (Karl Marx) via
OMG hope everything is OK. Will stay tuned to Twitter but let me know if I can do anything.
So many people just say whatever they're thinking immediately and never take a step back and think.. "wait.. I might sound like a moron." <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Thanks for the recommendation! Sounds like a winner. Also: We're now following :)
Our pleasure is always available; it is always at our fingertips, just wanting to be claimed.
the surge in follows from Brokers
Cuomo is sweating bullets on my telly. This is def some Florida humidity. My fam in Miami, Coral Springs, + West Palm giving tips on phone.
Need New Dental Marketing Ideas? IDA's New Features Increase Website Lead ... - PR Web (press release)
Amazing ppl tnx for the follows
And the bags!! Why all the bloody bags?? #where's that whiskey?
I feel like doing something bold....hm
I was never a hardcore skater, just have mad respect what people can do on a board since I was a kid. but yeah I try to haha
Hahaa I told the lady at Victoria Secret I like so she went to the back and then One Thing came on :D lol
Hate when i sit down to write a review and i get only 241 words in before i realize i better give it a day and check my purple-ass prose.
That is our justice system and guess we have to take the bad with the good
#TruthIs I'm really a cat. Meow.
Moms said don't laugh at a joke to fast cuz u might be the punchline
Hahaha yow Whole Foods sold me my ramps for $1.99/lb because they'd just shown up and the price wasn't in their system yet.
So, the question becomes whether peace can be obtained through acts of violence?
I'm loving the #MuseumCrush tweets today. Once had a summer fling with the Musee d'Orsay, but my heart is here with the Sac History Museum.
I'm actually hearing SOS right now, so fuck you!
"We out here tryna function"
Yeah, Stephen's great. I've followed his work for years.
First time after 4 straight years that I am not at SXSW. Well, at least I'm not hungover and losing my voice.
Have you ever wondered if has ever creeped on your twitter? :D <U+2665>
We 12 followers away from 800 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Thanks, Jesse! Hope you're well these days!
helping my cousin move into her new apartment!(:
Gotta love our vendors during the holiday season. Its a sausage fest in here. Literally. Usingers out the wazoo.
Getting things together for and tonight. Free tastes 7-9.
crazy! The weather over there was a lot better than here but today is gonna be awesome!...still in school so that sucks lol
oooooohhhhhh I see! I thought I knew what I was talking about...lmao!
i know
#FirstRead: Denver cops donate books to stock library at veterans complex
Looking forward to a thoughtful & creative training with our amazing workshop leaders today.
Weird how car commercials always show cars skidding. Good selling point. I'll take the one that careens out of control
Did that really just happen?
Most productive thing we can do is forget about work/problem.
yes thanks! My mother will be happy!
“: #Aries gets irritated by slow decision making.” they know you. Everything FAST!!!!
Does anything wrong. Our relationship sucks because of her. I would take some of the blame if it meant we could have a good relationship but
Ugh!!! I just watched bnw and I am so over tami... She is too old to keep actn like that.. She not a real bitch...
Holy Hot! I'd love to use that shot as part of my AussieBum Friday post....
Well that's it for me night all! Or should I say morning!
VH1's top 100 hard rock songs!
Happy Friday
Irony: for small companies with tiny IT budgets, their data is more secure on public cloud than their private hacker prone systems
Did #OhioState just score a touchdown?
Nice to know. I've heard of it, just haven't tried it.
you know it's bad if you have to travel to England to get better :)
Yeah, that's the one. Good luck with it. Guess you can still get Jesus's tacos.
Great effort from great motives is the best definition of a happy life.
: (*laughs*) wow! see, i think that's positive. yay class on public internet!
cool what tweet? :)
freedom is american for complacency.
i have two jobs now
Genny Bock Now on Tap! Amanda Ashley tonight at 9pm. Open at 4pm Sunday with Ray. Lotta weekend ahead my friends. Share it with us.
what you doin?
Who else missed over christmas break?
Nothing says thank you more than a gift certificate from Spa Me.
And don't get me started on Jack Nicklaus, Arnold Palmer and Lee Trevino
YOU GUYS. My youngest brother is going to be on America's Funniest Home Videos on Sunday! Watch for "Muskrat Attack"
Dear not to call me classy, Keepn it real! #330 ;)
Thank you Pepsi for the Flava Flav cameo..now my daughter walks around the house yelling "Yea Boy!"
my cat just threatened to take my eyeballs out in my sleep and replace them with barf. #emptythreats,
Getting #joedubnarwasted with Let's get #joedubnarwasted trending.
I am enough of a cricket purist to question the existence of such a thing as 'good IPL'.
Thanks for the retweet!
haven't heard from u in a min... U ok?
today has been a progressive makeup day. finally wearing a complete face.
I want some janoskis
Come in and request a taste of our new Bison Chewies made right here in Texas! K-9 or human!
Food For Thought: Even if u r on the right track, u will get run over if u just sit there.
this is great. it's not that the monocle doesn't work, but the more tricks, the better. ps nice use of the word 'sphere'
yeah I already Kno it's gonna be something special, Rock out. I like that spot it's a cool locale.
Looks like today is gonna e a long day. Hopefully get 2 make it in time for #bootcamp this evening.
How about Congress making corporate america fiscally responsible and fighting terrorism where it lurks!! Just because BHO wants to hide his
his dad was exaggerating tthe little kid just wanted to play, I saw him he has a cast on his leg but he's fine
that moment when you meet a cool girl at a bar and she texts you the next day and your phone STOPS WORKING. understands.
Nothing in life is to be dreaded. It is simply to be perceived.
Me and have arachnophobia.......
YUP!! And this from the father of a MH & ZA child. LOL!!
Happy Saint Patrick's Day!!
neither am I.
Uhm , girl get yo boyfriend before he be wearing a toe tag !
Must be something in the water.
following back <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Excited to deliver new MiniBük titles at #NSA11 #influence11 for
the beach?? Wahh I'm jealous
Follow My Page.. I want more followers!! Thats Miss Alexis Todd.. your pageant superstar!!!
what's up what is ur direct website for you clothes line?
Does everyone have a pathology? And if so, does it mean we have to forgive their actions?
My girlfriend gets clearance to the air force base but not me? That's fucking gay. This is why I hate the military.
I am UNfollowing you due to UNFAIR treatment of your employees.
Miss you too! I often stay off Gchat because it eats away at my productivity. But I'll log on once in a while so we can chat!
Top 30 options for holds - ESPN
Uggh my computer decided to freak out while I was watching Dylan on Blog, and I had to shut it off):
can we climb mt everest??
here's to the MB fans who can tell how recent a picture is , by the color of Prod's mohawk [;
I can't go anywhere for more than a few hours without having to plug in everything.
or this date is just that bad. Rather be with a zombie right now
Finishing photos from an awesome shoot last week with the beautiful ANGELA SIMMONS for the cover of GHUBAR Magazine!
Watching the movie Zodiac.
Kukoc was the man. Also, did you know Fred Hoiberg is the head coach at Iowa State now?
Heading over to friends to buy crack.
Sometimes I wonder if I really want to go to school to be a nurse..
Today feels like a Monday. Ugh!
Pack your bags! 3 weeks left to enjoy the Pebble Beach Spanish Bay special. One night and one round of golf starting at $500.Code: SBSPECIAL
mon-KILL ME tues-hurry up wed-only 2 more days thurs-Almost there fri-YAY! stayin up tonight! sat- sleep all day sun-make the most of it :(
if anyone in F'burg has cardboard milk cartons (the 1/2 gallon size), I still need some!! Let me know!
If Lee wins. I will start a riot. El Paso will burn to the ground. You've been warned!
is on comedy central :D
I hope Ur lying
Don't make excuses if you do conquer and make yourself stronger than does excuses.
hell yeah! And they can't win or lose without talkin shit!
I was told to!!
"If you wanna study 4 million yr old skulls & think you're doing science, go for it." - Guy "proving" Obama is Osama because of their hands.
Join recruithighschool.com for free post highlight tapes and photos make your player profile today
Good afternoon, everyone! Hope you have a good one!
I just FOUND a pen and 2 paperclips in my hair.
Really?I think you ought to make your point better next time. Am going back to sleep now.
I'm trying to get fucked up tomorrow and Saturday.
It's sad today listening to the Ford Workers who will no longer work at the St. Paul ford plant. There are tears. Watch KSTP-TV now.
Missing you at Taste WA!
It is great to be in Dallas for #WFFConf12! Thank you #WFFHQ and all of the volunteers for this amazing conference!
Totally agree!
because you have a life up here !
yea i work
That makes sense as one reason.
ha! We are going to become tweet experts
Fletch Lives tonight.
Burnt marshmallows are the bomb
She looks PHENOMENAL tonight. Absolutely gorgeous. Out shining all the "stars".
It's a no refusal weekend in DFW so I will be under the influence in bed!!!
“: Sounds like the Twitterverse is starting to sway toward an OSU-LSU matchup.” too bad Twitterverse doesn't have a say.
trying to sign up for your service, but it won't process via our app. Suggestions? Is this your way of letting me down easy?
Though I agree with you regarding Goose, wasn't the Packers a top 5 defense last year?
swear on dahvie vanity i just may die XD
We need your help, desperately.Parents have been used by Corrupt Family law system in US.due to ex's w/wealth.System favors $$.
we're at chuck's. hittin the bed early so I don't feel like ass in the morning. I'm ready to ride with ya, G G G UNIT FRIDAY!!
The moon was just about at eye level and articulating with her godly orange glow. We watched in silence...
Trop 50 may make Jane Krakowski skinny, but it's got an unpleasant aftertaste. I'll take real oj, please.
valley view rec center(: GO ON MY FB AND LOOK AT MY ALBUM.
having a week lik this one requires my weekend to start since today! #preparate @
thank you<3 (: RT- “: Sweet person ”
oh yeah lol .... he's still cute ^^
NW Fair;y Oddparents.... Im such a big child lol
i love love your twitter handle!
Well said. RT : Golf itself is perfect, its a game that can't be perfected. Point being, enjoy each shot.
Rode the bike to school today... mostly because the truck's battery was dead.
When I went to community service today. This crazy weird lady was doing a " Blessing " to this kid. You just had to see it to believe it.
does anybody know how to make a mustache BG? if you do please tweet me, lol. (:
sorry bro had to work!
tell tell tell!
New Pictures!
Ok... And then at work I was so busy running around I didn't take a break now my legs hurt and back... getting old
Freakin out D: i need to talk to someone but he wont text back and its important ! ! :/
Thank you!
I can't fkn sleep for the life of me! I have a feeling this is going to piss my day off. Urg! C'est la vie!...
#Follow these nice people!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> are you libin it tonight?
#bandsthatimiss Fall out boy Sum 41 Click 5 Metro station Friday night boys
Congrats to the guys behind The Weatherman for raising the money on Mobcaster to make the show!
We've be practicing the art for 20 years, no less.
Ha! ..this one definitely beats Heidi in terms of PG rated'ness.
stop hatin on me
Keyra :) and u?
Freshly ground and brewed coffee, maple bacon and french toast. 2012 looks like a good year starting off.
#NCAA squares is the greatest thing ever. Doesn't matters who wins and each game pays.
Okay, right after the morning show. Glad you're enjoying home.
"...looking back regretting the moments we didn't speak up. When we didn't say 'iloveyou', when we should've said 'I'mSorry'..."
as a bostonian would say.... I'm wicked high kid
hey john, some of us will definitely see you there!
those fuckers are weird! are you there?
RT CEO of La Fancy Kay speaking her story as a black woman in Africa, creating a business & growing it
The video of a child being born was disgusting omfg.
is that true that its Friday somewhere? Can we make a Friday stasis machine?
Gold Party tonight at Uncle Mick's. Bring unwanted jewelry -make money! Also, line dance lessons, DinaB and live music from Swamp Fever!
Poor baby
~U Say U Over Me,But Alwayz End Up Under Me..!*
Usual lol :P
How big of a role does cerberus play?
Tf ? Ian gone be able to do it . I swea !
Damn just left me hanging though. Whatever. I'll do my.own hair tomorrow.
Ha! Thanks man. :)
I needed that!
is one dedicated guy!! Anyone that can help him out and donate please do! All u zombie fans out there check him out! Peace<U+E011>
We try :) And we're looking forward to the show, too! It's going to be insane.
leave Indy !!!! Ur not a true. Colts owner think about the colts fans here in indianapolis and around how we feel
Cynic! It's lllluuuuuuuuurrrrrvvvveeee.
Hey tweet world!
The movies I really want to see Contagion, 11/11/11, and Dream House. And all of them look really creepy. #desperate (:
I'm watching the sun rise over the Cascade Mountains - what a great way to start the day. May even see Mt. Ranier if the rain holds off.
The only show I watch lately: Dr. G: Medical Examiner
yes! I love it! Billy is so cute!
I got tired of the cold its hots turn to piss me off too:/
#punishment Metta should've been out while Harden's out THEN start the suspension period. Do the crime...
Mom: Your only Austin's fan because hes cute me: Yeah mom thats exactly why i'm a mahomie... -_-
Finished #RescueMeFx definitely the best show I have ever watched. Kinda gutted tho nothing to watch now
Im good no sweat RT don't feed into that cuz you bigger than that but if its bout that action you already know
We're looking for a space for a panel discussion, preferably with projector, seating, etc. Is that something you have available?
Puppy in Washington Square Park is just too cute.
Knowing that there is power in woman's testimony and using that reach others
Great show ladies well done...
Hell no this kid did not just say beats are the best headphones
Yessir! Looking forward to teaching these youngins a little somethin somethin Thanks for the RT.
I need a hug and french fries
Bail money?
There's no Ts!
temple run on android market
I'm hungry af.
Jelly Belly's story is one of successful immigrants. The Goelitz brothers came to the U.S. in 1867, settling in Illinois.
which site were you getting RT tickets to LA for $158?
are we at Defcon 1?
hey thanks for following me and cal you play #follow she pro start crying if you do ;)
I love you, Not only for what you are, But for what I am when i'm with you.<3
Rooted my Kindle Fire and installed the Google apps and the Android Market. Feeling less claustrophobic. Next task, installing
we could start a facebook group against that discrimination!
thanks Team Nikkiya
all of mine lol
agreeing with you.... The salient self?
what's wronnggg!?
Rod Brooks: 91% of all content consumed on the web will be video by end of 2013
Breaking News: Dom Theodore has parted ways with CBS Radio, where he was VP of Top 40 Programming & WXRK (92.3 Now)/New York PD.
#saito Like the use of Word Cloud. What's the text being used? Clear line of argument. V. good, well timed, mainly.
All kinds of bad assery going on last night! Glad to be a part of it!
Dear headache, I don't have time for you. Please go away.
Good for u girl! Check ratings on a product like that b4 u buy-it'll be real. I've always used Breville cuz they're the shid.
about to knock out, food was to good.
There are so many new horror movies that I want to see. "Case 39"... "let me in"... "devil"... "my soul to take".
Without dance I cannot feel my soul, hear my heart, or see my dreams.
yeahh he did it before :( i missed it too !!
Yes, it is true.
looks like the #Yuckalert is slowing down. too bad. could use some #Yucks today.
The good hands play is all the holds for the field goals?!? #lame what about that catch earlier by
Out century 3
A pleasure!
From one Wolf to another, great bunt Randy Wolf
True Blood tonite!!!!
sure that's not just the bruised brain talking?
Had an interview today! Nailed it!! The lady said I did great and looked very nice/professional! :)
New Songs from soon!
Grow your hair back out. <333
Cuz you need me man i dont need you
"just because the pork is done doesn't mean it's over".....how about a food tweet?
except for haha
I'm thinking Weeden must be tired from his late night last weekend.
I want coffee. If I throw it up then so be it. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
sex is like mcdonalds, I'm lovin it. pussy is like subway, eat fresh. dick is like gaterade, is it in you?
can u give a shoutout to hawaii ICONiacz please (: !!!
So deep.
no. What about you?
#12NTC was pretty interesting. Come to dc!
its the falling in love
Lol i used to have a crush on u.
All the men who r for men marrying men assholes look like catfish mouths
cause you got to see your boy!!
Yes. Yes you can. And must
I like to dowldoad the free iTunes music as well as the free music from sbux. Love the variety.
Don't have a shit fit
EEP! I didn't know! HAPPY BIRTHDAY LEXI! Hopefully your wishes of food come true ^_^!
I'd try to call but I don't know the number. Bummer. :(
its weird how u only hav 24,000 followers.whats wrong with some ppl
Not exactly compelling evidence. Perhaps you can explain why it's OK to do it with a language API but not a service API?
Deuces to all you guys. About to knock out. Nawhh forreal ima be on the phone chillin. Goodniight or goodmorning whatever you want ahahaha
I just finished watching #Matilda... I wish it was 1996 again.
Haha love u to a twitter friend lol
Can we get a shout out for Rancho Cucamonga!
I'm taping a session right now with and is filming
I hope everyone had a nice 4th of July! Anyone go to the Regatta? That looked like a good time too.
It takes most men five years to recover from a college education, and to learn that poetry is as vital to thinking as knowledge.
"Peacekeeping... the whole range... difficult command and control." Ugo Salinas
hey belieber ;) mind following back it would mean SO MUCH!!<U+E022>
"Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word 'happy' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness."
Outdoor, I live in VA. The front of my house, where I'd like to plant, doesn't get sunlight until late in the day.
Thanks for the follow and the most valuable services you provide to so many up and coming musicians and artists. Best wishes
Should police have the right to secretly use a GPS device to track down people without a warrant? This case is before the supreme court.
Wish the picture better captured the fabulousness of the brows-- they extend almost to her hairline and curl up at the end.
honest, funny, tired
So is yours!! :) Fishy no longer has her website. :(
Put away my werewolf suit and settled for barking at the neighbors.
So how can we find ourselves trapped in our own private hells where we just scream, but no one can hear
Dealing with player reactions.....Devs are humans too. #GDC -- Community Management Session.
women instinct never fails.
ANALOG 2>>>>>>>> I LOVE THIS SONG
or cheap nike air max any developer : searching for louis vuitton ...
Happy Derby Day! The usual, our annual party at Fizz in Chicago! You? Watching on TV?
I've always used Budget and haven't had a bad experience yet.
Your support is amazing! Thank you for the love!
RT : My bedside lamp keeps turning on by itself. Is my house haunted or?
People don't want other people stalking them tho they make websites like twitter and Facebook
At the Digital Humanities Commons with all the other nerds. I think I just heard an OCR joke.
better question can you beat my pastor Bishop Dwayne Debnam? Lol
Funny, nothing in my ministry seems to have changed today even though guaranteed appts r gone it's not about the job, it's about the Kingdom
Good morning world!!!
Unfortunately he will be unavailable today.
who knows, but has to be more to it. Can't just be process, arbitrator smarter than that.
Too much fun tonight!! "***** has a painess in his anus!" *pumpkin accent* is that ok to say on Twitter? LOL
True or False: Women who masturbate regularly are more likely to climax during intercourse.
We are going to be much more active this year on facebook, so be sure to like us, and tell your friends.
Almost done scratch tracking our new songs. Get stoked! :)
HERES TO ALL The hardest mile I ever walked was the one away from you...
Happy birthday !! You are an amazing amazing person :) I hope you have a great birthday!! :) Love,
Yessir, dakota lounge 1026 wilshire blvd RT : where is this place? Do I bring my salsa shoes? Lol
you might be wrong on this one
do you work in a post office now?
#GOA2011 RT : Great show at #FESPA - great content and fantastic people
Strange days.
So true RT : had such a empowering breakfast with listening to speaker Heather Haas.Great way to start the day!
I figured ya did
Getting ready to head out for New York Tech Day. Hopefully there will be more than just "see what your friends are doing" apps on display.
Honestly, Barrett is/was severely out-gunned. ($) I can't think of anyone who could have pulled this off with what he was given.
Gotta love going to the gym and having the best workout
“: one hour and fifteen minutes. #birthdaycountdown” that's right! It's also big day tomorrow
Bored where is Molly when I need her???
that didn't just happen. omg. what did you say??
just One Direction. x
Looking forward to presented by
s/o 2 all my women that kit even though they got a dude"
Ron Paul will stop the wars, bring our troops home & save a trillion dollars. Maybe we could use that money to balance the budget.
We still worried bout each other?
LOL go at night you'll be the only chick there Id rather be left alone while I'm working it out! But I'm not a morning person!
The fact that no one understands you doesn't mean you're an artist.
I'll take #MattFlynn for that deal!
Today seemed forever long.
You deserve it Tiger keep on working and now its time for the BIG PAYBACK
Thanks for the RT!
C"mon nuggets step up your game damn.
to know that I do not know- self-aware ignorance- a pre-requisite to knowing
If not mistaken, all-numbers are old streetcar routes and letter-number is old bus lines. And yes, before
Sounds great my friend. Looking forward to a coffee and brain jolt with you.
Another chapter, ready not to misprint the following..
knock 'em dead!
If there were anything in life that you could do more than anything else what would it be?
Another fight I didnt get to see xc
When i see that you have texted me my heart kinda stops and i die a little inside <3
now why u gotta say that (rhyming accidentaly)
Iam soo good at Spanish My last name should be Mendez
I streamlined my bio, too.
#Tweetdeck for desktop, I love. Tweetdeck for #iPhone - I loathe. Always fails me.
I'm 97.3 percent sure was told to follow up on lead and make it a story. Don't think he pitched it.
Ugh shit is different now. We were doing so good. But I should've expected this.. It never fails smh :/
game 7s always killed me. You can't beat the excitement. You going?
Lunch Special: Blackened Cod & Baby Arugula Salad 12.95
Shark Bait ooh...
you know I look out 4 ya
You should swaddle them all.
I really want to see ONCE on Broadway :/
Exactly. You should always touch a metal part of your car BEFORE touching the nozzle again.
when you coming to OKC? I'll trade you some #OKCThunder tix for a show. Deal?
I been messin with since G.H.E.T.T.O. And now he out here #winning keep it goin bro
The Greatest Revolution in Our Generation is the Discovery that Human Beings, by changing the Inner Attitudes of their Minds...
you're welcome. :)
Fun times at the giants game. On the train.. Finally headed back home!
i want to massage your cock with my tongue
absolutely, but the headline should have used the word "Would." Will implies he's gone already. 47 totally gone, 46 likely gone
Looking forward to this mixtape. Bring in the New Year right
Harold & Kumar Is So Funny :P
*sips tea, wandering through woods, stops suddenly* not again... I forgot a sweater. Again... *sighs* least it'd not too cold
This morning's Keynote Speaker is Dr. Milton Chen talking about innovation in our education system
you need to do a horror movie.
already put 4 more reviews in for you :D
Every 4 years, there is always room for a little more February.
Congrats to Undefeated Manassas high school!
Since when is a spa just as loud as a casino? I can't even hear the relaxing music! MGM Grand, control your clientele!
Or just ignore me , thats cool too . . .
We both love you Allison! Can't wait until Monday!
your welcome.
At the Big Crush Harvest Wine Festival in Amador Valley. Wine tasting way to start the morning.
Omg Jean hurt her right wrist!! Watching KING 5 News with Viggle Mon | 5PM | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
you should team up with me on my coaching team!
What are plans for this lovely Saturday evening chica??
um play Yahtzee?
As a fan I loved that U were on Body of Proof & U were great! I cried how they ended U character's role. I'll miss U <U+2665>
LOL... I'd like to see that in person. Hahaha
he's broke tho lol he needs the money
morning boyfriend <3 hope you have a fabulous day :* I love you :)
#BBN can't wait! RT boy i hope my guys win this whole tourney cuz if they do shitz gon be crazy this summer
Take it slow with me!
This reality isn't enough for me now.
Agreed! And in the meantime, hope everyone there is sufficiently impressed at your talk this afternoon.
Happy 30th Birthday!!!
are you staying downtown? Any of the north shore bars or shadyside.
Kemp with Home run. #Dodgers 4 #Brewers 2
hey follow me back
Okay. As soon as I charge it. Lol. Here, text me, I'll DM you my number :) <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
you must win! Punch Chef McMillan in the coconuts!
#PunxsutawneyRomney and delusional ppl.
- love all 3 of your blogs & your Pinterest dog board.
know anyone in college/grad school with awesome front-end development skills? Tell them about our paid summer internship.
OMG THE SOURPATCH COMMERCIAL WHERE THE KID RIDES HIS BIKE INTO THE CARDBOARD TUNNELL LMAOOOO
#IfiHitTheMegamillion Id buy a year unlimited membership to Trapeze... It wouldnt even put a dent in the winnings =)
Still can't believe how big my little baby has gotten <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6>
presidents tried for 80 years to bankrupt this country too. What has he done about that? Oh..wait...nevermind.
Christmas has changed over the years. Remember to keep Christ in Christmas....Merry Christmas to all
Detroit is a Blank canvas there is so much opportunity 4 growth/chge the mindset of ppl perception not only Detroit, but Michigan as whole
hott tighten up ur points. Or skin brook it.Use a bolder.Its a saver
And the really wack thing is it wasn't even close. Really NC? Are you jonesing *that hard* to be on the wrong side of history?
Dude aint NEVER just grab himself and wink at me. I'm too through
Renegade Theater 1514 N. Gardner St. Los Angeles, CA 9004. be_a_renegade
Holy moly did you see that 3-pointer?
Huge thanks to for an unforgettable #beerDiplomacy! Editing/Posting now. Stay Tuned!! Oh, surely follow her!
Happy Birthday Arizona! We're a proud member of your growing communities
In case anyone has MSG'd me and I haven't responded its cuz my phone is out of minutes. Lol MSG me on fb, what'sapp or through wifi. Umkay
hope training is going great with Neil. Can't wait to see you on stage
Job Alert! DIRECTOR / HEAD OF #MUSEUM- Regional Museum Bremervörde, Germany - email Stefan Hesse,
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up- Vince Lombardi. Keep smiling.
Covering the Arkansas vs Oklahoma gymnastics meet today for Very excited to be a credentialed media outlet!
: Did I miss Nancy Grace's nipple?
you're correct so far. couldn't find his ass with both hands
Just wondering how long I have to be punished for every mistake I have ever made. Guess I've got to work on my karma...
catching up with the O.R's and OSL
I'm just a bit jealous. Enjoy your visit with tomorrow. Give him some Canada Dry and he'll be a pretty happy boy ;P <3
This is great we may need 12 runs to beat Detroit. Keep it going
Decorating the house= success $$
bitch dont mess with me
Favorite cafe's wifi was down. Upside: more mindful eating of their chocolate ganache cake, "Delights of the Naked Stranger".
not big enough for both me AND the spider! lol
Why do convictions of morning always lead the destitute of evening?
Did you know February is #heartmonth ? #TweetGoneRed on & wear RED Fri 2/3. Can't wait!
good luck this morning
Happy Sunday! Great day to check out what's new at www.knowledgesafari.com
Glad you liked it! It's important information, no doubt about it
It's a tough job but somebody has to do it! Courage!
I was about to say... If you lived SWEATSHOP, I hope you filmed it. Thanks for the follow! :)
RT : let's get involved. She not only makes models look incredible, but she...
I don't get the least bit excited about Lady Gaga. But look! There's a documentary about oatmeal on!
Back from lunch with a presentation on #kohails community organization.. takes the podium for that.
Fortune favors the bold.
Fluoride's Deadly Secret http: //www.facebook.com/FluoridesDeadlySecret
I think they leased it to her just for the movie.
Ap chem <3 I freaking love you
And then tweeted about it. Is that knocking I hear? (Police, open up). Uh oh -
schlepping mulch and plants all day, so glad someone else is doing the planting! Our rain garden is almost finished!
I'm so late for work shit this sucks
There's lots of stuff in Texas. Like HOUSTON, DALLAS, SAN ANTONIO, AUSTIN, AND EL PASO. That's what's in Texas.
When Illitch set out to buy a ring, he didn't expect our fucking bullpen to be so inconsistent. Terrible loss.
"It's kind of fun to do the impossible" ~ Walt Disney
haha! Thanks. Yeah, I can get a little long winded. <U+263A>
lol I can't help it. I'm busy. My phone is like for business... that's the only time I use it
That's one gift we don't care to be unwrapped.
Yes! I think we were basically running into the finish together. What a tough race!
Woman at the Quik Stop just bought a case of sweet tea and 14 bags of pork cracklins at 99 cents each. How 'bout ya, The South.
My mom said that had skills on the rap game. :-)
Easter Bunny Breakfast is almost sold out! Tickets sales END at 3pm today. 410-752-2462 x221.
RT : TOMORROW: 12-1pm E-book Petting Zoo in the Cat Lab. Check out SLIS Lib's new devices & learn how to access e-reader...
wow! Seems really early
New songs! Awesome.
Good Morning Twitterville!
Happy Monday Twitters
sounds good!
my dog has a boyfriend!!!! and i thought she was a lesbian
ur welcome, love following the fans
I could feel myself hiding the cover of that book when I was reading it on public transportation. Love Carl Hiaasen though.
can i have a shoutout please?! love u :*
The new say murders droppin is somethin dat should be applauded. I won't applaud until kids and teenagers stop being murdered in new orleans
not so sure Abby will appreciate the mention given the context.
who is y'all?? I'm still in Texas but I'm in San Angelo now not Houston, so think I'm a lil closer to you.
Close one! I thought we were a functional family for a minute. Thanks, step dad, for refusing to talk the entire meal!
looking forward to your show in Milwaukee WI tomorrow night with the after party at SUITE
GO FOLLOW ---> < I WILL DM YOU A CELEB AND PLUS SHE FOLLOWS BACK!
In this era you pick up jeans you thought were your size and when you try them its like their painted on
that's mandatory breakfast if you schedule that in my book!
Q: What do you call a bass-clarinetist with half a brain? A: Gifted.
Beat a case of the Monday's with a bottle of wine. HALF OFF ALL BOTTLES, ALL DAY!
Noodles & Company's Mac N' Cheese is the best comfort food.
thanks for gollowing
i may hop to dc for an event in a few wks. thought you might be back. whats new?
they wouldn't really talk :/ wah
The same refinement which brings us new pleasures, exposes us to new pains.
Shit is over. Tired of feeling a certain way. I make shit happen for me
I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member
well yes, I've been off the "grid" for a while. It helps put things in2 perspective, slow down, map priorities... every1 needs it, right?
had fun at my secnd fam house last night......and I smashed on sme hmemade italian beefs and sme homemade fries
Exactly! RT : Are you comfortable in your discomfort? Step outside your comfort zone today. Why not today? Why not you?
In other NBC renewal news, UP ALL NIGHT and WHITNEY have also been renewed. One is on track to being a very good show, the other is WHITNEY.
Easy on the throttle, steady on the gears, roll her over gently and she'll last for many years.
Followers: as you know I love Jeremy Lin and puns. What are the best JLin puns so far? LINsane? LINcredible? She felt a few LINches of pain?
One day till the starts! Can't wait. 13 films will surely make us hungry. any can't miss suggestions?
Who'd think it would take us and hour to get to the zoo
ya they do. an i have none
However my "Take Your Kids to Ted Nugent's Hunting Camp So You Don't Have to Hunt For Your Kids" bumper sticker flew out my window hrs later
I love that shirt ; )
Have you seen our pictures from Cow Appreciation Day? What a blast!
I'd like to request "Hold it Against Me" by
lol I'm up ! I turned in some apps online already
- Australite tektites are some of the most sought-after tektites. :)
how's the mbp treatin' ya?
everything listed in stock is in stock but the prices are off as we aren't updating, just tweet me any questions
Wanna come over to MySpace and Twitter my Yahoo till I Google all over your Facebook?
Just Like A Shoe, If Someone Is Meant For You, They Will Fit Perfectly. No Forcing, No Struggling, And No Pain.
When You Talk To Me In French ;D
I'm so happy, I even see a smiley face peering at me on the lid of the tuna can I opened!! LOL! Goes to show, you SEE what you WANT to see!!
Since I'm responding to these tweets, I'll just say I'm the funniest member (Allen). Just kidding. We're all not very funny
I know, I already told C yesterday when I sent her to look for it
Manny Pacman made some gay slurs supposedly, wrong? Yes but he does what he wants and you do want you want. Step off.
2/28/1776->B Bassett:Thank you for the attention paid to my landed affairs on the Ohio, as in the worst event they will serve for an Asylum
Thank you so much for your support today. If you can, can you get 5 others to go vote Otis now? With your help, we will win!
We're looking for new organizations to work with, so if there's a cause or an organization you feel close to, tweet at us about it!
I hope I'll see you there! :)
Happy birthday ! Are you going to O's opening day tomorrow?
Thanks also to Frank Langella, Bernadette Peters & Stockard Channing for using us (Modernage, parent company) this week. Good luck on Bway!
nothin much just hanging out, working on somethings i have coming up soon, how are you? :)
On beale street all night!
Lol......was the weave looking right? If so, that was me lmao
Ooh. A dispersal order. How novel!
Kathleen Hicks for #Congress | Make sure yall vote for some one | every vote count
Girls who always have wet hair in the morning.
State of emergency lifted amid Pa. stun gun probe
Artist Need Hot Beats? Zoe Beats Is Your Man! Come Listen/Download/Purchase Tracks Today! SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
No problem.
You're far too kind. ... But you're welcome...Hermano.
Great brunch today From the poutine to the bread pudding, everything was delicious. We'll be back!
Thanks for all the emails/tweets/website visits! We are excitedly continuing our work to launch Crowdbounty. Stay tuned and stay connected!
Never understood that tho...
The wind is howling behind my desk. The last time they put up that yellow tape. Hope I don't end up in parking lot
heading off to Shea (i know...citi field) for Mets v. Yanks, GO METS!!!!!
: An Apology to Brett Favre by Ted Thompson
“: With that being said ill see you guys in 2023” I can't wait that long! D;
If you're in the Bronx, follow for updates on the meeting, might get pretty heated!
Who's excited to watch Yu Darvish tonight?
We just delivered a giant cupcake cake to a house that looks like a spaceship in the Hollywood Hills. Had to take cable car to front door.
6th grader from Mercer Middle tells the board how important it is to know Spanish to work and for her future.
Sometimes I'm so smart and wise I don't know where it comes from. And then, I remember- God and I are Homies. He must be rubbing off on me.
superman video i was in the back
do you guys think that you will have time in the near future to record an intro video for our website?
The Haitian Hibachi, Peterson Joseph is a shrimp killer. Til next time.
1/2 off bottles of wine tonight! Got some new ones in we're really excited about. Try them on the cheap!
cant sleep for shit
"you gotta little dick!" -girl in car that gets cut off
Pretty dogs
kylee says "I have twitter I just never get on it :)" haha
Desperately craving a chocolate chipwich.
I do not believe that is the case
bro u know we witnessing the best da best #QB ever!! I think hes gonna win atleast 4 Super Bowls maybe 5! GnY
come to a thing tonight. In le shitty. Enjoyable.
.. proud of austin <3
Sheneal Parker, candidate for District 7 city council, just stopped by to introduce herself. Impressive. Don't forget to vote tomorrow.
okay this is all pointless. So I'm done here. You can hate me. I'm not fighting anyone
:)! RT : If you live for weekends or vacations, your shit is broken – Gary Vaynerchuk
What happened to the B1G-Pac 12 non-con football challenge? We can't get this to start by 2014?
I really want tea right now.
Yeah nd after the depression was over farmers raised wages or bought machines, now illegals are cheaper but it aint right
Cookies 'n Cream Cupcake? We've got a GOOD FEELING about today!
i hate when someone think your mad but you really not stressin it
That is harsh and completely hilarious.
Is tomorrow jean day?
good night moon!
anytime girls. Y'all deserve it :)
Love that post! Thanks for sharing.
has yours been freezing to? mines been doing that today.
Grey's Anatomy is supposed to reveal a shocking death tonight. Hopefully, it's April ;-)
hey Paige! Thanks for the follow back! Lookin forward to ttweeting with you!
Looking forward to the wine tasting fundraiser event for Mamas Kitchen tonight at Bourbon Street! Hope to see all the San Diego peeps there!
I crossed everything on my to-do list off...Guess who has a free Friday night?!?!
I'm all for not giving her any more attention!
Scariest part of the movie occurs not when you're watching it, but when you're in bed thinking about it.
When facilitating training, roll with the punches, treat a disruptive participant as a gift. (in Thiagi's workshop)
RT bug ups to i LOVE your guys store so much! [aww thank you so much! <3 we see you're living cute girl!]
But you'll be at school for a full day. senior rec is at 12 & won't end till an hour & a half later.
first date's gunna be a huge success! Can't wait
Still printing stems...
its probably cuz I have so much respect for the packers and I know..I see how amazing all of u ladies are..I have much....
my boyfriend decided to go c scream 4 w/o me i hope he gets soaked
RT : Our incredible Faith Expert is
. - GOP has been brazen in cutting SEC, CFTC funding
Neighborhood 3 IS COMING LIVE AT THE KIRKWOOD THEATREE ON THURSDAY! BE THERE.
Giants Win! I am SALTIER THAN LOT'S WIFE!!!!!!
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff me. In my experience lol
I close my eyes n I focus, killin everyone in this bitch.
IT'S FRIDAY!
The month is coming to end. Remember, there´s only 2 days left to register with us to be one of the selected winners of a FREE LOGO.
Romy any clue what channel you'll be on with cable tomorrow?
ayverb won all three rounds
I know right:| sometimes I feel like dropping out. e.e
What gym?
oh yeah i need to feed the dogs lol bad mommy brb
Wish I could watch calling game but just happy 2 even watch in Chi!
I'm wondering who gone show up for us tonight?! We need this win to stay alive...let's go
Yea it's only about 30 degrees colder at the UC than south suburbs.
Today is a new day and full of possibilities! Take life by storm and have fun along the way :))
Hi John, I'm your #1 fan and want to meet you someday. Do you know anyone with autism? If so, I'll send you my book for them.
Looking forward to tomorrow night. So much been happening lately.
You're so right! :-) Love that feeling - most times. Glad to see you here
Thank you..you also, I take it?
just listened to bizzy crooks new songs. I wanna bring him to cinci one his music takes off!
i've been gone for a while and lost a lot of followers :(
There's a great blog entry from '07 on the ALBUM from whence it came, 4 yr listening pleasure. Oh & the comments!
I play with #Arduino during my breaks at work! Great job, ! I'm having lots of fun with this
thanks for your support!
hahah. That was my spot!
The quickest way to a persons heart is.... Thru their rib cage.
20+ point loss in all 3 states tonite a direct correlation of terrible Kitten Mittens singing at rallies (maybe he'll stop)?
try dat exhibit c by Jay electronica. Bet when u do dat one htown go trip out..plus check me out ..young ju cross my heart.YouTube
Is it just me or is Arizona REALLY, REALLY fucked up?
why so many characters in your name? ugh.
Thanks for reading .. it's dicey MT Thanks for the article abt YMP. Hope you'll keep reporting on the situation there
im back! never deactivating again
north carolina for some wedding fun.
You can have what you say - say what you believe!
thanks so much for following ;)
The text I just got >> it made me smile :)
Anyone know of a job that requires no interview and involves writing in a room alone? If so, I would be perfect for the position.
ok, keep me posted and have fun w/ the fam!
grandstand all you want -- but you still haven't given me any reason to think my assumptions are wrong.
We challenged Don #Redman to a #debate. He accepted. More details to follow. Stay tuned... #COJ #Jax #Jacksonville #occupyjax #99%
RT: The song Taylor Swift will write when the guy from Glee dumps her is going to suck a pile of burned dicks.
Why am I still following Run it Fast... Pretty sure they all run ultras i.e. really freakin slow. Not that that's a bad thing.. Just bugs me
Working on another new song tonight!
The move up to No. 4 in the AFL's weekly 17-team power rankings. San Antonio hosts No. 1 San Jose on Saturday at Alamodome.
Red Raider Donut Dash This Morning!!! Come and Run with us or Watch and Have a great Time!!!
they're showing it on the today show Australia, I'm about the post the link :)
Agreed. Good timing I would have thought.
Why do I get the feeling you don't want to talk to me.
I go to another coffee shop.
Max: "I'm his assistant 'Pickle.'" Zeke: "We didn't agree to that." Max: "Oh right. 'The AMAZING Pickle.'"
I honestly don't remember either. Twitter leads to short memory I think
Let's go for winning the district championship! Defeating deland 61-60.
I need new followers
Not a good combo because I mostly watch this show at the gym.
good luck with the pooch, I can tell you love your dogs a lot. Lucky bitches ... :-)
HUF status tomorrow. I need to cop some plantlifes bad.
Me, Mommy, Cousin, and Nana, watching judge joe brown
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
follow me. thanks.
Three things that will surely bring this world to destruction: Facebook, Texting and YouTube. In that order.
The Prez is on a roll. Break out in a little Al Green for the room.
she's just too nice! I'm excited about coming tonight!
Listenin to a few beats and writin ah this is called da come up TOUCHDOWN
y dont u go to LA fitness on 47th
Seeing a bone doc tonorrow about pelvic fractures. If they are left alone they will heal themselves i think.
presenting on the Powerhouse Museum API and collection efforts.
yep, Absolute and dougie are the all star running backs but we're tight ends we can block and go hard
... still trying to find a balance between the instinct to be nice to everyone's face and the harshness of an analytic mind.
we are fans! RT : #iabcdallas luncheon to hear from about understanding your audience. Stay tuned for updates
This is Just Getting Going. Whatever it is...
Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?
Good night <3
student quote: "in school, if you fail, you have to repeat the grade" #Learn2Fail at
Just got off the phone. I need some sleep
Wish I could be viewin the Barca match but thanks to some killer updates from it feels like I'm at the pub discussing w/my mates
Good morning. You are most welcome you know. Enjoy the day!
Balance is a goal for the working group. No one group holds more power or input.
Wait. U. Getting. Married or Me ? RT : 01/23/45 #Auspicious RT : pass on my marriage proposal as well?
: wow! That is so cool of you! Thank you so much!! <3
Are you coming to Dollywood? (:
fuck are you talking about ?
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
“: I won a game of chess against a computer? #mademyday” NICE JOB!
Brutal Finisher!
Awesome Catapult Finalist Night tonight....top college talent in the house! Great job #etcatapult!
thanks for your support!!
aloha. and mahalo.
Lesnar quits the ?
Interview tomorrow! Straight chillin tonight unless you wanna slide thru like ppl do every night lol
I am really caring about this one w/ and ! Pretty sho' we got one!
It's a cheery and packed room today for the Encinitas Tourism Committee
OH. and I hope your phone isn't pregnant from last night :p
Happy Monday! It's official... we are now set up with a distributor!!!! Where would you like to see our beer sold???
Haha! Thanks. Makes my week go by fast when I get to do a bunch of different things at work.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. —Eleanor Roosevelt
/solid-legal-tweets for
Never tell your problems to anyone...20% don't care and the other 80% are glad you have them. ~Lou Holtz
#uniteforum is at breakout sessions - we'll be back live at 3:45!
Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<3 1
Excellent, thanks for the suggestion!
FireFox, tho I've also seen this behavior in Internet Explorer. Thanks for the reply and allowing me give feedback. :-)
I'm saying. It was fun
Looking forward to guest lecturing at Fordham University this Monday in the Graduate Marketing Program. Many thanks to Bob Bohn for the in…
I can't wait to go home to my hilarious grahamcracker. She's one of my biggest inspirations and I just wanna make her proud :)
#irallstars Gilman : people can no longer categorize library which leads to dialogue. "We don't know what you do. Can you do this for us? "
blankness..look
Getting other offers to do shows! Stay tuned Chicago!!!
How has equal pay not happened yet? I refuse to innovate until it does.
Love us some Aussie rock. A friend of ours father rep'd Daddy Cool! We are hitchhiking to AU, and pan to crash on your sofa!
On our way to volapalooza...ready for a fun weekend away from everything!
THIS GUY! (the baby will love it!)
#Thankful 4 all the churches supporting us financially! UR sowing into a movement that will change the world & our generation. You'll C!!
RT Friday fun! We're giving away a copy of Snagit AND Camtasia bundle today. Tweet #Snagtasia by 4pm EST to enter.
I may have to try this! RT I make videos for my YouTube Channel from my desk w/ a video cam. Use iMovie to edit!
3. Cut out one thing from your life that is bringing you down, like gossiping or being sarcastic.
hahaha I hope that girl docent have twitter!
I take it back.. I don't like suspense!
we need you to follow us because we need your help with a project...we can dm the details.
A guy on the 101 who looks like Todd Margaret fails to realize what a mistake he's made in missing his stop.
yes, but is it Raining Men? RT : IT'S RAININ SIDEWAYS!!!
RT : Pickup and posting on syndicated websites is increased with both images and video
Indiana killing Miami and i love it. keep sleepin on the pacers
kamry gave me some nutella in tutoring, now i want more!
Yes, but probably worth the splurge :)
Thanks to all the tweeters following PC!!! You guys are great!
Double double no onion. “: In-N-Out Burger. It's what's for dinner. #BeJealous”
air tickets, more air tickets... :-)
well im doing my hair now...but idc where
"Sit. Just sit & look at me. That's it, the reason for poetry. Love is you. Love is me. We are one. Make love to me".
My grades WILL kick ass next year.. WHATEVER it takes.
Thanks for the nod, presh. Fantastic quote. Yours?
#NowPlaying "Count On Me" by Whitney Houston & Cece Winans on
You're welcome! :) : Glen's story is really inspiring. Thanks for sharing the article
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Remember to protect your eyes with sunglasses if you're out celebrating in the sunshine!
i ALMOST had an interaction with that fake
I hate that I have tumbling so late.
Ugh, Flyers and the Phils got whooped. Not Baez again! He makes me feel depressed.
Made eggplant parm spaghetti and salad for my roomies as a last meal together before I switch rooms
I wanna fall inlove
anywhere else
OK! If you insist!
FRIDAY: Flashy FRIDAYS at Broadway Bar Dont miss out! $2 drinks b4 11, $75 bottles all night! NO COVER!! Ladies 18+ welcomed! arrive early
I don't care if I'm a failure financially, I'll get to the one million mark someday but for now I can just enjoy my friends successes $
In one moment he facebook yei yei happy night
I have the worst anxiety. Get me through this exam I might barf.
Each workout is like a brick in a building, and every time you go in there and do a half-ass workout, you're not laying a brick down.
I'm sure the #GOP will try to spin Obama's stance on marriage equality as a negative, but that doesn't mean we'll listen to it.
Another day another dollar
Would love to do the Christmas Ireland trip from The Holiday
I was looking through 's instagram and I made up my own username for her. FOOCHANA. n_n
Very welcome! Let's hope for a nice sunny weekend :-)
you are so much a BraveNewWorldGurl (web 2.0 edition):D cc-2-past-stepping-stones ;)
Magazine headlines at the checkout counter: diets, flat sexy abs, and COOKIE RECIPE BLOWOUT!!!
#everyonehasthat1friend who has dramatic situations... if u dont see any of your friends complaining that means u are that friend
#ThatAwkwardmomentwhen you tweet something that you hate when people do, then 10 seconds later you realize oh crap I do tht <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
-- Taco Bell guy is very cool.
Fun game RT : The #Packers play No. 1 overall pick Andrew Luck and the Indianapolis Colts in Indianapolis during Week 5
#Loex2012 no need to make a filet mignon Library Instruction class when a cheeseburger is sufficient
Surely did!
I completely agree. I was in a committed relationship and then it ended it i was in a WHOLE new world
": you Wana bring me back a coffee from #Harbucks" hahahja like a sweater that just gets warmer with age.
She has a pug, I wouldn't be thrilled about a new pug.
Good point. You can kick it old school with a #stenopad for awhile! :)
Oh well okay when you have time try!!!:)
Thanks, Fake Cam. Appreciate the support and notice!
TY for the K+! RT : For her dedication to helping families I gave +K about Moms on
Next time youre in The Valley, stop at Asahi Sushi on Balboa. Seriously is some of the best sushi Ive ever had and I cant stop going there.
I'm done with ppl!? Go fuck off and nice knowing ur bitch ass and bitching about the fucking dumbest things in the world...
No coffee tally yet, but I do have another newsflash: Diane Cibrian promises she'll ride the mechanical bull next year if she's mayor.
I don't want a TEAM GAMES final. No point.
#CST offers a complete package for both #corporate and organization managements and independent trainer-consultants
#AllAccess2011 Its on!! If your heading thiat way hit and they would love to connect!!
Not attending per se, but Activist Archiving at #Austin History Center
Don't forget about the Souper-Bowl this week! Bring in a family sized can of soup, get a free bowl from us. Benefiting Faith Mission
the overpacking situation in my life is dramatic. I just need to bring it all
made them for my mama on Sunday :)
twinkle twinkle little whore, you're at school not jersey shore. you're a slutty orange mess. please go find a longer dress!
These bug bites on my feet<
I set the thermostat at 74 to keep u nice n toasty. “: Can't wait to get home to the ATX and warm weather #ohwait”
Thanks ; I will be doing that right now...
How the heck can you be a theatre kid and not know who James Franco is?-_____-
That'll be the one I'll get. I love music biographies. Thanks again. :)
Or just Two?
Looking for an exemplary -based collection/exhibit. What's your favorite?
Yoga P90X then off to worship the LORD and hang with my friends after! Great day
Ron Swanson is so much less intimidating without his mustache.
I can see in his eyes that this love is real <U+E106>
Would love to speak/panel at , but I have a developer event that same day :(
Perfect your body by perfecting your diet
you’ll need to control blood sugar levels in order to lose body fat. This is best accomplished by consuming four to six SMALL meals per day.
Why are more websites controlling the type of password I use? My methodology has been used since 1997. No symbols = BS
a very cute prince indeed :)
Let's start a new tradition: #failureflowers to mourn rejected grant proposals. Could be the start of something big. U in?
Do you smoke, do you drink, do you yell out hank
super bonus points for the mask during the parental visit.
what's your deal, man? ;) Are you staying in the Bay Area or leaving?
looking a little on the ganja in your burrito pic
nothing feels better than getting your smile back :)))))))))))
had good looking men in kilts
Hahahaha! They'd never believe me if I just said what I saw. I swear my life is a movie
your last tweet mentioned an EP coming out next month? anything to do with that? anyway, keep me updated.
I just need you one more time, I can't get you off my mind
Thanks man.
is such a smart and independent woman. I love the way she looks at things with a good attitude.
RT : I would like to exchange my extra Wednesday in February for an extra Saturday in June. To whom shall I speak?
hillbilly handfishing is next!!!
my May is packed af! don't even have time 2 get bored...
This weekend couldn't come faster. Seriously.
Did you see 's graphics on the list-serve e-mail yesterday? We did!
u gotta point ur finger at her well sayin it tho
Governor declares State of Emergency in Washington State.
OH MY GOD MADISON<3 I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
Colorado State University Men's Basketball up 42-26 over TCU at halftime! The second half is coming up. Great game so far for the RAMS!
I keep my swagg on a million & get tatted by dennis #SBCDAT !
"Mormonism is better than a lot of things. It could be a lot worse." Yea that's the depth of conviction we should strive for...
thanks! been a while since I've logged in, but thanks for your note.
Told you clippers was gone Win
WHY DO I FIND HIM SO ATTRACTIVE!? oh sped party in the am tomorrow were vip
it was well done, you would like it, its on netflix
why is that u have s str8 roommate
Yeah, that was a good one. Play looked much closer from where I was. Fun win.
Mostly all of my pictures have been deleted off my phone. All of my warped tour pics from last year, all the shows I went to in the fall...
Dam I need to do AbRipperX again
Yep, definitely watching some Rohmer tonight at 7 -- can't wait to discuss it.
“: Thai massages are awesome! I'm tingly and alert!” Tingly where!? #
lol don't blast me like that and I will never get 2 good for u my nigga....
ya but my friend comes over and helps(: so I don't have to by myself
Man: Do you want to dance? Woman: NO Man: Sorry, I think you misheard me...I said, You Look fat in those pants.
So my dad gets mad it me because I "Threw" a plastic plate at him...
I did
done with wedding emails for the night... not even my wedding!
what are you doing at shouldn't you be studying or something?
+2 we are in.
Final plenary at #clac12. Modeling collaboration between foreign languages and sustainability studies. - Matos-shultz, Melin, Mougel
I'd be sweating bullets trying to wrap that little guy, but darned if they aren't the cutest things.
who knew LB, I really never thought I would see the day
There are always people who want to show off rather than act normal but people had fun so it all worked out... in the end. :)
my dream 2012 Celebrity Apprentice cast: Sarah Palin, Charlie Sheen, Lindsay Lohan, Kim Kardashian, Brett Favre, Lenny Dykstra, John Edwards
at home
Wishing everyone a Happy New Year. Thanks especially to all those who made this year our best ever. Let's do it again in 2012!
North vs. South game tonight (:
reorganizing my life... currently dealing with the piles of CDs and re-realizing, CDs are awesome..!!!
Better watch out! Your desk could be next! :) cc
Settling in Malta. Condo I great, working on getting everything comfortable. Hope to be back playing poker in a couple days.
one more page to write!
I guess so.
Big day on Twitter for me hahaha....until tomorrow! Or in an hour because I'm already getting addicted :) Spread the word!
Drove past J. Stewart museum on my campus interview! But I'll live in the city... You'll have to tell me all about the area. :)
Watching Matt Damon & Emily Blunt in "The Adjustment Bureau" -- amazing, funny dialogue by George Nolfi. Great Philip K Dick adaptation.
Thank you! RT Awesome Insperity ppl!
RT : Remember: Perfection is not the point of visual thinking. Just ask Honey Badger.
Oh, I am. I am. Cadillac commercials rock!
you're sick
yeah, maybe it's not me being like that and it's just everyon else being shady!
Happy 2012!! Can't believe the new year is already here!
You know you want me, baby!
I love just about every sport, but boxing just doesnt do it for me
internet full of mediocrity, passive aggressive nastiness/ but also nobility if you do music and haven't learned love: u r as bible says
BREAKING: AP calls the race for Barrett, he'll face walker in a month.
hey follow back;)
your face
looking forward to hearing more
Lol yea . But yo U wanna txt me?
u best believe ima try and be there!!! :p haha
Lol, yeah. They would much more helpful if they were actually ACCURATE. LOL.
Good Luck to all the SCAQers doing the Distance Challenge this morning!!
morning DJ
types of religion
+ 1 RT : #FF to all citizen journalists documenting protests in #Syria #Bahrain #Egypt & beyond right now, stay safe
def I agree
I always seem to feel uncomfortable around more than 3 people.
Thanks! A customer let us know that the pink peanuts we had were no good for the environment so we switched :)
wow! just registered and became a "twit".
well it looks like well just have to brown out on Saturday night with
too kind! And chin up
I'm beat. I want to stay home today.
ha!!!...i promise...we wanted a boy...but He blessed with a girl...
Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :) 9
Who would extort #StevieWonder?
or remix?our latest mixtape link is on my profile please check us out...I look forward to hearing from u and working with u
Color me jealous. Is she as hot in person?
If the baseball season ended today, I would love every team in it. TV execs wouldn't, but who cares?
I ddnt know that u use Pandora! i love it! what are u currently listening to? Radiohead came on my playlist 2day & i thought of u
I just read tweets they are so awesome and hilarious HAHA
But if breaking anonymity feels like the principled thing to do . . .
True Freshman Connor Brewer is in the game facing the 3rd team and walk on's defense.
RT : I THINK HE'S HEADED FOR THE PROJECTION ROOM ABOVE THE AUDITORIUM!
oh well I hope you feel better soon!
Merry Christmas everyone!..:) have a good one!
Here we go
Wow, so many employees have joined Twitter! Following you all now, #follow along.
Who wants to own the Coens' TRUE GRIT when it comes out on June 7? You can for free if you win our final DVD Giveaway contest this Friday
dont u be mad at kids when they argue with you and be right?
Yay! Thank you!!
Hoe-ing will get you a reputation. it's ok to say "no" sometimes.
dont apologize your perfectly perfect and i love you<3 xoxoxox
RT - What Time Does the Miami Dolphins Tampa Bay Game come on tonight??
Luv this, so true! RT Funny post from 5 Signs That You're the Problem bnet.io/kLXPny
Of course, you'd probably take Heroes away from us too. (I can't wait for Conan to come back in September to FOX and destroy NBC's ratings)
U r a prime example of the circular logic that keeps giving us leaders like Zardari & Shareef.
Top of the morning, slut muffins!
someone needed that. God used the platform.
Besides, I'm pretty sure the Yankees took a dive.
Bonding With Teammates by Terrell Owens
Precautionary boil water advisory will follow tomorrow's work. Water tanker w/ potable water will be available at Indian Meadows.
ok but please tell me you're following because if you're not you should because "long hair, don't care"
goodmorning <3 how did you sleep?(:
Me and could use a little bit of extra sleep. Nap time later fo sho.
RT : Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got. —Janis Joplin
Listen to advice, but follow your heart. - Conway Twitty
shit that goes down at
yes, DM me the acct tel #
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow. This opportunity comes once in a lifetime!
At the San Marcos Chamber of Commerce.
looks like the Bears and Lions signed just about every free agent available today. hope the Hawks aren't really signing Brandon Marshall...
Does she say thug or fu*k!?
Arriving for 's class I heard someone say "I need to go get my bone." Swear I had to look 2x to c if she was a doggy.
Congratulations to Barclays Manager Of The Season - Alan Pardew!! Well deserved!! He's performed miracles this season
no way. Are you running the full?
Circling in on space for Boston #geektrain meetup. Keep 6:30 pm 5/24 clear on your calendar.
Omg someone save me haha I don't dig Chinese sea food ah
I feel the same way there are no others that are in real competition at this point... I think him staying here & meeting 2day
use a good cleanser. And remember to moisturize! Plus, a good green coverup will do the trick.
Elway admits he's hoping JDR is here awhile. Didn't think Allen would depart so soon.
CAPITAL CREW TAKEOVER
Is it after school?
It is not the mountain that we conquer but ourselves. Sir Edmund Hillary
Let's go dolphins! Tailgating then watching my boys finish off a sweep of the bills.
Hi Mollie!!! Any thoughts on Demi Lovato & Britney Spears becoming the new judges on "X-Factor"? I'm sorta OK with it.
Death was swallowed up in Victory once and for all! Father gave the BEST He had to obliterate sin and free us from being judged by others!
To quote a friend, " is the way the world should be." Hope the Weekend 2 folks have an amazing a time!
People r sick!Throwing tainted meatballs in2peoples back yards 2 poison dogs!Whats wrong w/people! If they get caught mayB 3yrs Really? Sad!
are you on the Delta flight too? 5:20 to AUS?
nice! If you see me say hi or something c:
MT : Headline on Google's blog "Introducing Drive, Yes Really." So I click go & see "Your drive is not ready yet." Uhh, ok.
naw he just had to potty lol
I thought that was an odd way to bring her remains to her widower. She would have laughed.
I like to write "Wake up" in my to-do list so I can start the day accomplishing something
Brooklyn Brewery¡!!!! Yum!!!!
Curse you, I would actually consider buying your EXPENSIVE #680GTX graphics card, but my faith in your driver support wanes daily.
Last final took 7 minutes!
agreed. It's a gateway WI craft beer. I only get it if its the best available. In this case it was.
#HeresToTheMindlessGirls who be trynna hate on people who are close with MB,
Over already? Who won???
!!! She's here?? Pics please, & congrats to you & your wife!
pumped up kicks still my fav
#raw10 i saw some gang-bangers abt 2 beat up a Guy who was usin hand language. the Guys GF was yellin: Hes Deaf!
Give me some suggestions on who I should go for Giants or Patriots?
Maryna & Mario directed the two plays. Great shows guys! =)
If you want to get something done you need to know She makes things happen.
Sunday July 11 12:15 and 3:15 Allegro Dance Company perform at LOCK 3 Stage Akron --come see the show!
haha your loss
We don't have to be patron driven...we can drive them...just like Henry Ford.
its 4:40 am and im pulling an alnighter with my sister i love you sally <3 im suprissed im still up rofl :DD well stay ICONic <3
#kids iD Tech Summer Camps in Texas held at SMU, TCU, and More! at Southern Methodist University, Tue, May 15 9:00a: Love gaming,...
So excited to see my love tomorrow!!
However, Careless Whisper just came on. Talk about a 180 in mood change!
Don't know how to feel so I'm just gonna party my life away
#shestooyoungforyoubro hahaha i love jersey shore!!!!
: Heath Bell sucks so much. Like the man. Don't like the results. Bad news for the Marlins
I am thinking about getting a Ford Fiesta 1.6 TDCi Econetic for a new car!
Man that's a bum.mer. Must. Make. Epic. Playlist. For. Wake.
and the girl got my order wrong then when they got it right now I'm missing a freaking wing!
A bit of gardening, some weaving and hawk watching, while I finished a basket. So went my day, in the sunny, breezy, Florida winter time.
i saw the scaryest movie
- we are losing to '70's Knicks with Clyde and Walt. Nothing we could do about it.
is the best 3B in the NL. He is answering EVERY test. The other side is a product of the
I'm with you. I thought it was a good thing, but real-world results are proving otherwise, unfortunately.
I'll be in Louisville til fri. In a few weeks? When u leave for india
who put that? HILARIOUS, Sugar is such a diva :)
Wht Plans for Christmas and New Yrs????? :)
u not diggin it?
You too.
I'm working tonight at smokey bones come say hi we also have beer pong at 10 pm
I'm coming to talk to you!
Connecticut lawmakers vote to repeal death penalty - CNN
This morning I woke up with a confirmation e-mail letting me know that my wines from Napa are on their way to the east coast. Excellent!
u r welcome. Its always a pleasure
That's ok, we'll come up with some other gimmick for ya ;)
Have your holiday company party at Fox & Hound
What a weekend!!!!
An open window, an eReader for my morning paper, and a mug of pouchong tea with honey are getting me ready for a new adventure today.
that looks like upside down madness... And no, but it looks legit as fuck...
my mama said that i can go see mindless behavior next time (: AH ! you better win heffa / push all them bitches out the way!
Cuz You Didnt Like Me, But You LOVE Austin!
My sports predictions 2012. Champions NFL-Saints, NBA-Thunder, MLB-Texas, NCAAF-LSU, NCAAB- Louisville,
Your goals should be aggressively S.E.T. - Scare the competition, Engage the team, Thrill the customer. Glenn Hughes
Live your life as if you were to die tomorrow
Oh, i know how to quote. I'll just consume a lot of sweet tea and prepare myself for a long night
Up finna hit up work... Then finish my homework.. :( #TeamNoSleep... Its for the better tho...
The world is like an eye, a beard, a spot of beauty, an eyebrow, where each thing is neatly in place
Interesting about iOS screen bightness. I'm about 3/4 for my iOS screen, but eye-pad only (no smart phones for me).
Hello sugar! :-)
: Please back online #poker. Churchill Downs' horse race wagering sites show sites can be regulated & age verified. Thanks!
there's so much #Traffic in Boston!
If the CATTLE on a 1000 hills are HIS.......why are we crying over spilled milk? HE'll surely bless HIS children with more. No?
oh yeah! thats in rochester though
yeah no doubt. Hit me up.
While everyone else is celebrating the end of the academic year I'm smack in the middle of spring quarter. Still have love 4 qtr system tho.
#goodideasforcities More than half of the people on earth live in a city.
Teen Acting 101 was great today! Looking forward to working with Carissa Mitchell next week on your scenes!
Love it! Very pretty.
Sure, but #FairWarning, I ask questions at inappropriate times
you being nasty gurl! Hahaha. when you do get it shoved in you, use a condom! ;)
Here in the ATL, tomorrow we head out to Panama, call u when we get back! Luv ya sissy!
he's my gift for 3 yrs when he hits 4 or 5 I want something lol
Come down today for a cup a tea and help with your #knitting project @ handson3rd
My phone is acting like a stupid cunt. The battery died & it won't turn on even when it's on the charger.
you and your catch 22 twitterology
Well my phone wing stay following any of my peoples so I guess that just sucks for me
And #Brutus is ugly.
This hour on : The top sign you're about to get dumped is...? Text your "fist bumps" to 69491!
*fingers crossed*
You called an email of ours SPAM! SPAM is unsolicited! You are a registered member Jon!
hehe ok thank u! And ur welcome:] xo<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I can't even send on since you got some many request!! ): gahh! Imma go insane without my friend!!):
please dont take this the wrong way. But has anyone said your speaking voice (on wfmu at least) sounds a little like Kevin Bacon.
Love has no ending, especially Gods love..
I love it bud! That's hilarious.
I might be listening to the soft rock station...
Thanks for the follow! I love your instagram!
I'm listening to album #allofme amazing.
“: what have you been smoking carlos? LoL”Or should I say there is no drug greater then the feeling of love ha
Shout out to game programmers Chris and Nick for using my face and likeness in the new installment of Call of Duty
see you tonight @ National Night Out Against Crime. Let's honor Cleveland's Safety Forces. Steelyard Commons-HomeDepot Parking Lot-5-9pm.
I'd settle for drivers stopping at bus stops where passengers are waiting.
Don't agree with that call at all
okay have fun
Missed the cold open for #SNL. What did Will Ferrell do?
When I watch a scary movie and get nervous I have to cover my feet o.O is that stupid?
cures my insecurities. Thank you :)
": Up trying to figure out wat love mean cause niggas and females told me they love me but they crossed me."
"if you question it, she is probly a man" -snooki
I completely understand that . . . same for me. So grateful for the experience 2, esp in LA when it gets boiled down to smoosh
Over Your Cities Grass Will Grow AND El Bulli: Cooking in Progress are both being held over ! Both now available with PPR!
We're looking for a makeup artist who can do stage makeup @ special fx. Can u help/recommend someone for our short?
Damn this weather isn't playing
Welcome back to campus for the first day of Spring 2012 classes. Remember the pinpoint map of your class schedule is available in myUW
Flying to san fran in t minus 4 hours
Great lakes Edmund Fitzgerald. #whatisderekdrinking. Wtf seriously
Congrats and (of )! "Finding your friends and following them to where you are" won best paper at !
i do not enjoy random people that i don't give two fucks about texting me out of the blue. Boy you are one creepy son of a bitch
High Intensity Interval Training yesterday, perfect workout to prepare for my weigh-in this afternoon.
I heard of them.. they are good! :)
AMAZING! Cant wait for tomorrow!
NASCAR At Texas Motor Speedway 2012 Weekend Preview ...
#NowFollowing <R E T W E E T> #NowFollowing <R E T W E E T>
Lmao... Ikr; but I just can't see my life being wrk and sleep.... Ill sleep enough when I'm gone.
After a full week of #UX discovery, little sleep & the pt-job at the big A; I ROCKED today's client presentation!
So, email me at and convince me. I have no issues with "green" My issue is with forced "green"
Big night!!! Redskins vs. Ravens, Mark and Dan will be at the game, Chris and Ata will be in studio 0828 covering tonight!!
Thoughts & prayers are with the family of my college classmate Timothy Steele, who was murdered last week in Jackson, MS. Godspeed Tim.
Ty so much for the follow doll!On a horrible follow limit:( follow soon!Would love to pull from u for my shoots as well!xox
Honestly, this night turned out to be a lot better than planned. #happywithlife :)
Ugh I hate going to the DMV.
We hope you got your fill of Baltimore's freshest selection of oysters today! Thanks for visiting! Come again!
Or what..
what's good man?!
The is coming to your inbox full of Live Music & Weekly Ticket Giveaways! Send an email to to sign up!
Had a wonderful day!! Thank you! ": We hope you enjoyed your flights today, Lourdes! Thanks for flying with us."
We will get a follow too! I can just feel it! Hahaha.
Thanks Ron. I must admit even I'm scared by parameter injection. I didn't realize how prevalent it is.
1.1 million — The number of foreign tourists who visited Chicago in 2010. The city ranked 10th overall, while L.A. (8.5 million) was No. 1.
Behave yourself...That Helltown Rapture IPA is damned good...so is that new sour we just got in...a triple w/ two yeasts
Um. LOVING this Swamp People show.
I can't wait!
oh im busy that month.. Awkward
I am starting to develop a complex!
what in the world
Sadly, there was no #Frenchhornsolo at tonight's Symphonic Rock Show. However, there was plenty o' backing up to do! Fun show!!
What is your favorite wine from Enoteca Style?
Hmm leaving for Florida In a few hours? Yea buddy!
Finished FCAT like a boss :)
I think I identify as a Chubbette.
The dichotomy of my life: simultaneously catching up on last night's Mad Men and this the Cinco de May updates.
MEE<3 i had bad luck today, i fell off my skateboard about 2 times:(
the owners of debon got together this weekend and made some moves so keep your eyes open cuz new shirts and prints will be coming very soon
If I never had to listen to, look at, or hear about nicki minaj again I would be ecstatic.
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Miami! Check out the Buckley Guitar!
Thanks, I came up with the idea because of my kids room. Now I'm trying to get inspired for some new designs that are similar
ha, i know what keeps you up at night..disjointed spreadsheets and lack of tracking. back from maternity leave and ready to chat
Ahh new at this , ;) hopfully I like it
i finally got my power cord for my interface... i will have more live videos with good quality sound coming up... i take song suggestions
pretty good, Kenny!
Thinking about how much $$ I wasted on my hair cut today only to want it back to the way it was before makes me want to shave it bold!
Time to get it done! Must win !
#Vikings 3/3 thus far...hitting solid players at positions of huge need.
At Koyaanisqatsi screening, at Avery Fisher Hall with Tangie! Her birthday is day after tomorrow ;)
Equipment upgrades are always cause for celebration :)
Um what if we combine your icon with mine !!
Woke up to my baby laying next to me:-P
I know! Have you taken advantage?!
Good one! Lol RT. Words with Friends would be more accurate if it was called Scrabble with a bunch of cheaters.
Thank you for taking Hunger Games out of 1st place. Best wishes for your continued success.
I think Birdman's innocent. You know how NBA guys are. There's always like 50 hangers-on an cousins crashing at their mansions.
If these Indiana and Ohio State double digit leads hold up, the #B1G will be 6-0 so far in the post season. Best conference by far
Got my and tickets today for May 19th at the Susquehanna Bank Center. Can.Not.Wait!
“Let yourself be drawn by the stronger pull of that which you truly
Chief communication officers are now more than just advisors. They achieve policy.
we're they cute mice? Haha
Cool! Is there a link? Also, any chance of fixing the Wunderly library 500 error? Willing to help if needed!
Noon- which coast? And is there anyway for you to "randomly" select me to win? I kid, but really, is there?
Not at all, good sir. Your #FridayFlash is never turgid. :)
He sure did. I think they hold back if someone is TOO good on the first dance.
Met with a major publisher not yet on board with decoupling of technology and content. No "failure to communicate" ala Cool Hand Luke.
Thanks for the retweets! RT : RT : Hilton Miami Downtown a TAG Approved Hotel! bit.ly/nNUTrU
(Jeep wave)
stoked to see you at
So excited for the 'Unruly' Webutante Ball tomorrow night. You can't possibly imagine how nice the tie I'm going to wear is.
Aghhhhh I love you
DAMN IT DAMN IT DAMN IT.....SMDH!!!!
We just heard the best cheating story about the landscaping guy. Have you ever hooked up with your hot landscaper? 222-9800
So much going on, I've missed out on a lot of stuff. Sadly.
Your timeline suggests you head up an anti-defamation league 4 female comics. Maybe u r brilliantly funny, but this = boring.
come say it , right now . i would be more than happy to kick you ass . now goodbye . i dont talk to fat ugly wannabe bitches .
how u doing
wht do u need to know
on May 22nd is my birthday, but I know you won't tweet me because of Springle Ball ..
Are you a systems engineer? Do you implement general systems theory ideas in your work?
Spent my Basketball season in Columbus this year so #Spartans playing here just about makes up for it (& last Sunday's game)
you guys are the cutest :)
Massage chair. <3x1000000000
I love Les Halles downtown.
Nice! 10 pm sharp! at Hotel Cafe in Hollywood. Hopefully you can come. It's my birthday show. Be sure to say hi if you come
Shawn, do you keep up with the NBA playoffs?
NF latte for me all day every day :)
Hey ladies! Stop by Art Bar any night of the week and earn 10% #cashback on every purchase! It pays to be !
RT : Kiev tonight for Fusion Cube Launch! See you all there #Trancefamily !
GO FOR THE STARS AND BEYOND THE STARS TO THE STAR TREES WHERE THE STAR SEEDS ARE FROM
The first #ResidentEvil movie is by far the best.
Sometimes the world just surprises you, and you just smile and enjoy it!
> This Has Been Deandre on here But I have taken back the throne
Find some inner peace with quiet meditation
": “: nice pic”thanks"anytime ..u have voxer
Just got done pretending to work out who says eating lascala salad is not a work out its a lot of work to move my fork to my mouth
"Jason Green, the OTHER 'n' word."
Those promises people can't keep < ~<.> but waste time on a nonfactor~
Because there is no typical pageant girl.
Thank you I watched "Hilarious" and now I laugh every time my phone takes a little extra time to load.
Nice! I hope so, for 's sake.
lol yea blame it on the alcohol
#ItsHardTo become SUCCESSFUL when you refuse to make a COMMITMENT to SUCCEED.
Matriarchal wisdom... true ishh
Grilling pork tenderloin for monthly community group dinner tonight. Last we can host in our house.
EMS BOLD IS PUNCH IN THE FACE !
Of corps that decided to offer benefits for another year, a growing percentage are making employees pay a heftier share of the premium
Will be attending the
I agree I wish that men and women would just b honest and it would prevent a lot of hurt I've been single bcuz I'm afraid 2 get hurt
Today's episode of the show is now available for FREE on our website at #640sportsdotcom. Troy will be back tomorrow at 10am.
Share with me only star in the sky, I need a sign from another light. <33
So ready to get in with my ladies for mothers day :-)
do you have the chance to talk webhost?
How long was your commute today?
playing big fat fun , spliff laden tracks... These dudes and gal know their records!!!!
Watching "Game Change." Julianne Moore does a helluva Tina Fey impression.
And what do you think their chances are? I hate when someone else has a hand in your density.
I called no answer
Many ppl think they can!
I didn't eat any today!
Jose are you selling that Cruiser? 78?
yeah- kids follow you. We Know the kinds of people that are out there. No reason to retweet that crap.
Thx for supporting us
of all the things i am most proud of my siblings for, it is for their not having had children without the means to support them.
Today was not like I expected but it was okay :)
they are extremely comfortable.
#Community is nuts tonight. I love it!
Watching the best gymnast ever on nbc
same follow me so we can chat in a message
Heading over to volunteer at Dell Children's tonight. Cant wait!
no I won't.
#RewardMilk hates the Boston Bruins. As it's a dairy product, I'm not sure how. As a sentient being, I know why.
Best Guess would be that Oprah was the Flyers Goalie Coach for a night! You Get A Goal, You Get A Goal, You Get A Goal!
didnt pay Chicago taxes,lived in a Chicago home/apt, attended Chicago schools,got robbed/jumped byChicago thieves/gangs?No lol
"define: spam" on the goog gets "Irrelevant or inappropriate messages sent on the Internet to a large number of recipients"
Between & changing glad to see twitter is the same!
Boston Jane--An Adventure by Jennifer Holm: City Girl Goes Country
Forecast for Tonight: Becoming mostly cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 55 to 60. Light winds.
Just gave an interview to Newsweek about what's happening w/ Rush if you've been following the story: Should a FB apology count?
why not the Overcomer fulfill the prophecy that Jesus will come again,
I think its time to be realistic. No more 'LOL' We're never really laughing. So from now on its 'NTN' *Noise Through Nose*
I hate waiting
Hangin at the #pacers game with !
Who's that woman who walked on the court tryna holla at Ty Lawson?
Alright. I'll take your word and preorder them all since I'm an avid Fable player. It's tied for my favorite game. Thanks!
live in portland & love to text? you could make a $100 dollars by participating in an focus group hosted by 970-361-1500
but babe, I was only kidding. :O </3
I know you don't, It's creative and different from most of these other usernames.
takes some people a lifetime to learn that... You are ahead of the curve!
Reminder: TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that features SMOKE.
watching starwars family guy!
Ready to burn up like a phoenix and rise from the ashes, totally reinvented. I hear my higher purpose calling.
Done speaking. I have no idea how it went: some students were engaged, others bored. I was quite nervous at first, which surprised me.
As the Bears continue signings, who's really to blame for Forte not being signed; Matt or the Bears?
Discussions heating up at #NMCh . Awesome :)
Thanks man, made it back to NYC! Thanks for showing me the best time in Ghana. Be in touch Charlie, see you in the States!
"I'd rather be dead in California than alive in Arizona."
FLOTUS = First Lady Of The United States that sounds sexy ok 15 to get in work mode
Um, You think Marcia Clarke has had work done? she is a facelift away from Joan Rivers & Lil Kim land
Wonder if there's a market for that up in Alaska. So strange.
love you too<33
I just want things to be the way they used to be :(
Yes mine is higher waisted as well, well if u r not totally in love with it then it'll find a new home :)
Drive is on netflix? Time to watch.
I feel great! that's how I feel! lol! Send me an email and let me know what you need :)
this is going to be so much fun ^.^
My car told me to "Change the Oil" ... isn't this like your kid saying change my diaper? If you can ask, why can't you do?
zip it or we'll break your hip, old man river!
awesome brother. Hope it was a blast...
Watching "Apocalypse Now" on AMC out of the corner of my eye. The Heart of Darkness. Kurtz is one messed up dude.
Clive James on... The Big Spring Clean, Homes from Hell, Titanic, Nothing to Declare, Homeland and Folk at the B..
I'm so tired, but I'm clcs's best alumni yet.
was straight crazy! What did you think?!
ppl r saying we just aren't going to resign Caron at all, but wood & roddy r going to the hawks?! IDK
would that it were true. although there's almost certainly dark arts involved: it just coughed up someone I've been tryin ...
lol why you alwas being mean to me what I do
oh I see! Sorry kinda burnt a little haha. But yeah, that'd be soo cool to have a girlfriend to help me in school :)
Only short-term change Instagram's planning is a "laughing all the way to the bank" filter. Makes all your pics look money.
Feeling blessed.... : )
Its hard for all of us to get use to changes,especially when it comes to people.
Thanks for the mentions and RTs!
Yeah!!! RT : We've been named to the 2012 B2B Best of Omaha list for Social Media Consultants. Congratulations to our entire team!
Just seeing this tweet. Darn BlackBerry. Thanks for letting me know!
Hard work, persistence, ambition, and professionalism...take these to the job with you!
No. Not like that at all.
Tonight's plans: figure out how to turn a wireless router into a wireless network repeater. Bet you wish you were me!
I kinda am..extra chunky too, dire straits. Come to nyc 8/25-28, I teach u trading! RT“: you wearin the extra mediums?”
VEGAN 101 has been selected for screening at the 2012 LA Film, TV & Webisode Festival in April at Raleigh Studios, Hollywood.
You're most welcome. I hope you're experiencing a #TerrificTuesday!
LMAO! Must be doo doo !! Lol what you been up to bro?
Lack of vitamin C.
no--- gotta work early.
Growth and development are vital keys in measurement of one's progress in life and in sports.
Good night :)
My pleasure :) I love your floral creations, they're great!
the party is tonight be on TV with Domenicos new show Hey How Are Ya
sitting in waiting rooms <<
why the face?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Great . My day is great cant complain at all
Thank you Edge !!! You are allready missed !!!
maybe fathers day
4:30 in the morning on a saturday is way to early to be up.
me too Randy Thank You!
well , people on spring break dont .
On set of camp kickitoo
No more Boos for world peace lol
Feelng much bettet :) Thanks Mark. How are you?
I'm going to hire two private investigators and get them to follow each other.
no timeout bo?
I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU<U+2665>
Thy rod and staff comfort me. Inuendo. Masculine men with lots of testosterone and big penus' are the ones who rule the world.
our pleasure and thanks for the love!
The elevator hallway scene in The Cabin in the Woods is right up there with the opening of Ghost Ship in terms of awesomeness.
I am so angry at those drunk couch-burners for giving UL fans something to repeat over and over like a broken record. Thanks, assholes.
Great quote for #togs from : "Sometimes you only get one chance to capture a photograph."
Checking on #ows - broadway still open below Fulton
Another reason for you guys to visit us here at AU, aka AJew, aka gAyJew.
Whelp. I think I've expressed myself quite enough today..
Pls join us on Friday at 230 pm at the #KSU flag for memorial tribute to alum Jonathan Walsh, killed in action, Afghanistan.
FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT! "kick his ass sea-bass!!!"
RT A lot of girls rocking the "My Father Didn't Love Me Enough" costume this Halloween eve.
We are :) You'll have to check it out!
dukes special guest new orleans legendary stride pianist steve pistorious tonight
follow me it's my birthday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> it would make my day
My mom decides to get drunk on the night my boyfriends parents come over. Real cool mom.
oh no! butter emergency! good thing there's 3 lbs in my fridge RIGHT NOW
Are you serious.....wait...seriously!? RT : 2. If so, do the Caps try to trade #Alex Ovechkin? Would you?
Great T-shirts for fans of the City of Cleveland ! Rep your city with pride!!
Dear Twitter #Friends / #Followers - I'm humbled by the way you've stuck with me during my absence - thank you all so very much! Cya soon!
so thanks lol:)
All you have managed to do is make me understand why the GOP backed her.
Happy *gobble gobble* birthday!!
where you working ?
Being on a boat that's moving through the water, it's so clear. Everything falls into place in terms of what's important & what's not
Airlines Studying the Science of Better In-Flight Meals
Working on events tomorrow, so that will be OK.
I don't get out much. Lol. Where's Jamari?
Chilllin on a dirt road, laid back swervin like I'm george jones :)
It has nothing to do with Zombies, but check out Allen Gregory on Oct 30th. Watch their SDCC Panel in our latest episode!...
The rain didn't stop Councilman Marty Jewell () from stopping by! Thanks!
Are you gonna do the picture soon? No rush, just asking...
I can get coffee anywhere why do I wait on Starbucks line.
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts. John Locke
Make it nasty
Well this has been one sketchy ass weekend
thanks to ME
The Art Institutes sound more and more appealing everytime I look into them.
the fun is just getting going for the Jets!
Marty Cordova's tanning bed
thanks for following! :) Enjoy your day!
Follow me in my Twitter business page
cause it plain ^^
Somebody open a Pho bowl joint called Viet Nomz.
still a good shot at moving on, thibs showing how good he really is
it's here!!!!!! RT : Jeremy is staying up with us until after midnight! What a trooper.
Basically it comes down to the fact that, after a year in Bo Ryan's system, Uthoff didn't think it was the best fit for him.
Oh Gemma, I love you and your food so much. Especially when you give us a $300 bottle of champagne for only $75
Will someone tell the chick with the 35lb plates on the leg press to get up?!?! I have some big weight I need to move
I would really like to play my trey tonight - rented a game yesterday, and am not exactly getting my $s worth.
omg. when it comes to my parents & homework i am such a compulsive liar. i'm such a bad person lol
That would be great! I'm entry level in the Nonprofit world I'm lucky to have an organization assisting my prof development
must be ur perfume....
Thanks for the retweet!
Lesson to live by..When your brain can't function...don't draw...decisions aren't sharp.
Ya'll should follow my other account (: ASK ME TO FOLLOW BACk!<3
Michael Phillips regales with story of being in first high school production of "Follies." Can you imagine? At Engine28 meeting.
David Wallace is the man
Ads that cover up content make me want to neither read HuffPost or shop at JCPenny.
Today's definitely going a lot better than I thought.
P.S. thanks for the profile info--very helpful! See you later today. Stacy
RT Happy Mothers Day to all the fabulous moms!! This one day is not enough to show appreciation!!
How far can you go down 's tweets until you don't see the word Fuck?
Hope I can visit the exhibits. I can take crap home this time for a change. Look out vendors!! I want swag.
Sport Blogs, Using Off Season Baseball Workouts to Their Fullest ...
I'm all yours on Thursday :) oh and btw opens at 4 on Sundays lol guess I was a few hours early
Musicians don't retire; they stop when there's no more music in them. ~Louis Armstrong
hi austin.. so i just wanted to say hi & that i love you to death <3 youre my inspiration :)
really ur an actriz u love drama!!!!!
Tomorrow night: OCCUPY ALL STREETS part 3 with ! Start by inviting & bringing a friend! It's that easy.
I live for the day when we finally have working computers here. You know, ones that can handle online PDFs without crashing.
The whole secret of life is to be interested in one thing profoundly and in a thousand things well.
What i Want to do Before I Die is. -Meet /& maybe even marry But i Could only DREAM ""*
"The things that keep us apart. Keep me alive and the things that keep me alive keep me alone" <U+2665>
Sisterly binding &
Out now and about to head home and eat!!!
count me in for nerdiness. (aka, "giving-a-damn-ness") Giving a damn is my favorite quality.
I played a whole lot of slide guitar tonight. That more or less sums up my life at the moment.
Just in case you're not following her.
Seriously though! RT : Whenever Cinco de Mayo and Derby Day happen to be the same day, can we just change it to Big Hat Day?
Mavs might of disappointed me last night but the rangers made up for it today
Agree! RT : I think it would b great2have #K12 #parents #counselors #teachers & #principals join us
text me :) cutie <3
You should all request #honestly by to your local radio stations!! You won't regret it!
Hunger = diminished capacity for physical and intellectual development = reduced ability to work = vicious cycle
Senators focused on killing giants
Paul, for some reason, I seldom get down. Been fighting a long, long time & still laugh my ass off every day...
Not impressed madonna.. Not impressed
New year = new business tactics. How about signing up for a Live or On-Demand Streaming account with us?!
I think I might have to visit an Apple store tomorrow in honor of the genius and legacy of Steve Jobs. He will be missed.
um, I dunno.. I know that i have family in Dagupan city =P
saw MkW in LA 4 Boardwalk Empire event @ TV Acad, said he was heading your way for Treme Wrap Party. Show him da town now!
I think the ceiling for A-Gon is higher than Pujols. Even if the floor is lower for A-Gon, I would still take that chance.
Yikes, that's a big incarceration in just one week... why? Related to last month's riots?
Tony & Javier shared the same special stage tonight on #TheVoice. Cannot believe I was watching the two of them on TV. Amazing. So so great.
. loved the piece on creating branded content!...great reminder to step back, take an editorial eye
Heat Seeking Ghost of Sex- #DGD <3
#NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead......makes me wanna ask my followers for head.
No sorry. You know my connection with the NHL so no longer die-hard.
Two-day old Jersey Mike's for breakfast = delicious.
hey it's I don't know if you realized but you blocked me on that account. Please unblock :) <U+2764>
Thx for the shout - email me:
I miss you too. :(
Is that for real? it looks like the article wasn't even spellchecked.
Congrats to Kentucky on their national championship!
if I was old enough that I could vote, I would vote to ban any and all homework!
So the cheeseburger meant to ramp up my iron made me sick. Blech.
Never let me complain about this semester. Last fall, 480 total essays. Spring: 450 total essays. Now: 220.
Longest set of updates ever. Still waiting for my computer to power up.
Tucson bound. Las cruces currently.
Dumbest thing I have heard since Ozzie was on town.
Transparent GIF usage can be artful.
Just saw #Logorama, a motion graphics designer's dream... or nightmare. Cool if you're into logo design & branding like me.
what I do bruh?
I need ma money PRONTO!
if you DM me your e-mail I'd be happy to take your contact info as promised - but claiming that we went AWOL is just not true
- Thanks for #ff last Friday. Have a great week.
It's one of those who the hell cares kind of days....
i cannot handle your Glee updates. They're officially outta control.
Meant to say this before, but you wrote a fine tribute to the original #naysayer,
Chewy wanna just wake up now...
I pray for all of us lol
woah dude. He's gonna start an army of bad basketball players
BOO FROG Tomorrow @ PLAN B
Yes lol wackberry. Ok so I need to dwnld the app..I hope its free. Lol
My new favorite thing: when #archivists high five.
Forgot a belt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
I'm so jelly. I want one.
thank you so much! :)
Once things change u learn to change with it....
I LITERALLY have the best friends in the entire world.
well, hed pretty much be right. im not writing the rejection email, thats for sure.
Do you have any relaxation techniques to share? We’d love to hear your thoughts on this video and any comments you may have.
I hope u aint bullshittin us saying ur coming to milwaukee on april fools day
The #goldenglobes feel like an awkward family reunion. But still kind of funny in that way where family reunions are.
I was wondering can something be done with the targeting system. It seems wants barrels instead of the enemy. Great game!
YES!!!! #Royals beat the Evil Empire!!!!
wow thats crazy
Just give me one thing that isnt see-through.
almost got killed by a sign malfunction during the live chat tonight! Never a dull moment!! Thanks CMT and to the fans!!
I admit it, I love Phillip Phillips!
yea, but that still doesn't explain why you were up so late!
Still time to celebrate Team Scholars Inn Bakehouse cycling victory with a FREE cookie at any Bakehouse. Way to go
can't even tag me in this?? Really ryland
Thats why it is inportant to keep an open mind when it come to finding your soulmate.
RT : Any #IU Fans or Hoosiers ready for SBXLVI checkout the dudes over at Sweet designs for any fans wardrobe
Have to finish three books this weekend. Writing an Af. Am. youth booklist for work and I feel like I'm back in grad school.
Did a gig earlier with Kadeish for a church helping the homeless hundreds of people...good scene
Wonder if this #MarsEdit thing had an effect on my fb account as well...I have #SelfControl on, so can't tell myself :p
check! Left my toothbrush in #riverside this weekend ....luckily I had an extra MJM dental one. Thanks for having my back!
my life haha
im looking for someone to do exhibits with me at #mlanet12. i dont really need anything but i want to enter to win ipads! :)
OMFG. THIS IS AMAZING.
W00t. Warming trend on tap for this weekend with temperatures climbing into the 70s! Thanks !
Swing by when you get in town and get settled in. Just 1 short bock from the convention center next to the Westin.
It is not the employer who pays the wages. Employers only handle the money.It is the customer who pays the wages. ---- Henry Ford
Tune into SAXAppeal!!!! In about 5 minutes. Go to georgetownradio.com, and click "Listen Live"
Heading out to instruct a class of 29 on how to Lawn Bowl. If you have never tried it, you are missing a FUN sport
That being said: I'll try being nicer if you'll try being smarter.
Hello... What error message are you getting...
is truly amazing. i cant stop retweeting those tweets! <U+2665>
How many penalties can one game have?
Truth is I hate you and I wish the two of us were in the arena.
I know ill be on the way in 30
REST / CRUD in Sierra. Can you specify the response type in the headers instead of in the URL?
please tweet and follow me! youre so cool(: <U+2665>
I'll seriously come to Dublin and burn your house down.
Just heard the store I bought my lottery tickets sold one worth $250,000. #whynotme:-(
That goal was mostly luck, but we'll take it!
Approval on one shortsale today. Still getting runaround w #Chase on another w #USDA. Starting to think that #Chase is worse than #BOA!
Oh so now she getting mad cause I'm tweeting on your phone.
Pray the Devil Back to Hell re: women who wanted peace in Liberia screening/reception 6::30pm Friday Free and open to public.
but that's the past i guess
Merry Christmas to everyone and their families from
Thanks so much for helping to spread the word!
Buck thinks I cheat on him.
Why is everyone so hot???
For you nerds that think Mac is better be prepared to download all our sweet casts from itunes in the next few days!
I'm done <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> *wipes hands*
Thanks for the RT!
RESCHEDULED - tonight's lecture with Dr. James Waller has been rescheduled for Feb. 2. Location to be confirmed. We hope to see you in Feb!
I know Thanksgiving is over but I'm very thankful for maximum strength Pepcid AC.
oh, chambray.
Not yet... Making a visit to Miami next moth.
I think Peyton picked Denver so he could see win a national championship
The sideline erupts as they rally to defeat Utah 4-3 in a nail biter!
c’était rein!
Damn, Lenny Dykstra, grand theft auto is something your kids play, not something you get charged with. Thought you were rich, killa.
the car is giving birth to a ginger
Well that was a waste of time
#ICantStandPeople That Copy Me! -.- Be Your Own Amazing Self (:
How do you expect me to compete with the other girls you've been with? There gorgeous they have personality there closer to you....
Well what do you know, you can eat yogurt with a fork. Glad I didn't have to drink my yogurt.
hey followers checkout the new pictures of zendaya and bella throne i put up
I am #teamTaurus my daughter is #teamCapricorn
I see. Well, kinda knows everything. That bernard hermann episode is in the bp hall of fame.
Everyone has that one person they just continuously fuck poorly
"I'm sorry did he just say I've got my little swag going on?" I love our dinners
If only everyone's grandma could be this awesome when they find out their grand kids are having sex. More » Post from: TheGloss
I like where your head is at
Nite Tales the TV Series airs January 16th!!! Directed by Jamie Foxx and starring Jason Mewes && yours truly ;) also new photo on my site!
#Raw time.
Hold on, man. We don't go anywhere with "scary," "spooky," "haunted," or "forbidden" in the title. - Scooby-Doo
I dont have time to chase women. My legs aint built for that...
then why don't you get up and do something about it?
Yeah your right it doesn't.. I always end up being even wierder then when I started to pretend to be normal...
M Thanks for the follow :)
seriously did she really cut her beautiful long hair? Ohemgee!!
Happy Tuesday!!! Come in for $2 tuesdays on Bud/Miller Light Pints, $2 Tequila Shots.. Steph is working during the day Jenna @ Night.
when are you coming to visit you m f er
yeah it was super intense! I hope we can keep it up.
yeah thats awesome work!! keep up the great work!!!
And just like that, the Eurotrip is over. Now, I need to play Internet and life catch up from the past 15 days...
Legs are tired. Maybe i should not have sat down.
#WeWereCoolUntil u felt the need to stab me n the back and tawk shyt
Congrats on a successful launch!
Didn't know this until now: 3.5 million US jobs depend on advertising mail! WOW #print #mail via
Cleaning up after drunk people......
#SoListen is number 40 in the pop category on iTunes! we can't get enough of this song! SO GOOD(:
Who made "On the Red" "On the Wine" ? I'm not sure how I feel about that.
I will be there!!
At first, I was angry when Facebook bought Nikon, but now I can play Farmville on my D4!
A police officer was forced to release pepper spray to maintain safety. For there she was.
I know I'm a day late but congrats to my & OwlSports friends on another amazing semester. Look forward to what the seniors do!
is a MUST FOLLOW. Bostonians, please welcome her to town. Jen, thanks for making my week!
OH, Trout.
James Michael Johnson = very solid pickup, should contribute. Ryan miller = Nick pickup, could very well start at guard.
Pinning is majorly addictive...I can't stop!
Follow back please?:)
Goal in Life: Urinal in the basement.
go in! The ambassadors wife is a doll!!
Cool I'm gonna check it out right now -
going ahead and sending out press releases for Friends getting accepted into NFFTY.
": I hate when its quiet and your eating something crunchy." even worse when you can't hear the tv because of your own crunch
Thanks for the follow. followed you back. :)
My favorite quote so far today: The most sweet hearted people are the most mistreated people.
uncooked onion breath ass nigga
All these boys with at-ti-tudes
Why did the moth nibble a hole in the carpet ?He wanted to see the floor show !
is following? Fuck.Dont expect me 2 suddenly change, say anything funny or relevant. I mostly just talk bout Game of Thrones
We'll be there in 30 min or less! RT : Heading to the White House to rally for Obama. Who's coming with me?
I'm crazy looking forward to Friday......Music & good people!
finally getting on twitter for a change!
Talkin local music venues shop w/ Marc of on
welcome home. Glad you're back!
The white is where the money is.
Still no discussion of research. Focus all day has been on teaching. Why? #notgettingit at
I recently accepted a completely awesome software engineer position! Telecommuting no less! I start in 2 weeks!!!
When you can only breathe through one side of your nose.
Beautiful thunderstorms, but practically, means I didn't sleep last night. It's going to be a long day...
I wish I hadn't read the resolution of this question first.
oh. We'll have to make a stop there, then. (^-^) -K
Wake bake n phish
Thank u!!! xx RT“: FOLLOW NOW ITS WATCHES GALORE! #followfollowfollowfollow”
it's so good
I can honestly say there likely wont be this much consternation over the #Cavs draft. A top 5 pick this year is almost Paxson-proof.
outgoing, funny, friendly. Lol what about you!?
Thanks for the RT! Makes this day even better to have your support
You sure?
Thanks for the spot!
Yay tweeting from new phone!!
waterblock, a pruduct I was impressed with. Performs well on roof
RT : Simply wonderful stay In the Parlor Suite ! Def recommend it to the twittersphere.
Chocolate milk and mocha coffee mixed is heaven in a mug.
Great strategy. Keep fans constantly engaged by having social media accounts for your characters.
Overheard on #linksy webinar: " is awesome"
can't wait to see my hubby at the end of the week. #countdownbegins <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
I want to try these! RT : A3: Cider Donuts from , in the fall, with hot apple cider
RT - you hear about the guy who stole a miami dolphins jersey, then wore the jersey to court and said "this shows i ...
RT “: hi I heard u are the real nicki minaj”
Jeppa Joe is hanging out at Broadway and Kilbourn with @ tigetbitetruck@ THEHARDWOODCAFE and Mr.Wills wings...come down for some great food!
Baldwin on SNL as American Airlines pilot apologizing to Baldwin is pretty great.
Shout it out to let all the world know that Jesus saves:)
My neighbors dog will not stop barking! Is it rude for me to ask them ... Wtf!??? Bring him in!!!!!?
Two vendors secured for Chocolate Fest 2012! and Chocolate for the Spirit! Mark calendars now- 10-20-12 at
Had Flamming HOTS and gummy worms for breakfast, stomach toe up!! Ugh!!!... Lmao
Thanks for the follow, Eric! Gonna check out your writing...
TUE Lunch Entree Special: Grilled Irish Salmon on a Bed of Green Beans & Apple Smoked Bacon with a Sweet Corn & Tomato Vinaigrette
Swing by if it doesn't get better. I can give you something prescription strength.
Hungry? Let us feed you! We'll do the cooking!
Nice visit to Royale Projects, gallery in Indian Wells. Well-curated jewel of a space
and now everyone is going to try and find out who Ben Winston is if they don't already know -_- #theLifeOfA ...
Why can't I friken sleep ugh
I lost the guy i loved
And for my dad, who is. #speciallager RT : Dos Equis is for old white men who think they're interesting.
when tomorrow becomes today, and we reach the end of the sidewalk.
Badass movie. So good.
Life is too short to be small. -Benjamin Disraeli
This triple play is going to be awesome.
keep in touch any time
movie night. Yes.
I get out may 24th! Speaking of summer, guess who just got tickets to see cody and btr?! Hahaha
whoever wins...I just want concerts in this city
3 PM coffee, y'all.
Please bring back #anthonyevans !!!
YES for reaching 500 followers!!!
Pac was cool till he became a fake thug.
no lol I've just got a ton of pics of him
What do you get if you cross a bee with a door bell?A hum dinger !
I wish all of my personal hells were as delicious as the Columbus Circle Whole Foods. Can I bring these kale chips w/ me when I kill myself?
RT: "Being a grown-up is an exceedingly complicated undertaking." Just defining what 'grown-up' means, is taxing!
Prometheus looks absolutely bad ass!
Hell yeah. I know is going too. Was thinking corner suite. Maybe we sell our tix and all chip in?
this girl loves YOU!
Knob Creek on the rocks. Yes.
but at least I'm a truthful Dick
Somewhat concerned that none of the keynoters for this actually work in a library.
Yep, we should be around. Can't wait!
BB users are those noncommittal types who are still waiting for the iphone 5
Well I'm back at it... Journey of redemption . JS8 the CAMPAIGN coming soon
One more number before mine! Looking forward to coffee :)
A2. Just give me $$ and get out of my way.
Well that's always exciting :)
i'm never on here cause i feel like nobody likes me.
ha! nice. you ever golf up at kohler? i was up there a few weeks before the PGA last year, amazing course!
A majority of the House Republicans ran on the basis that government doesn’t work. And now that theyre elected theyre determined to prove it
haha definitely. Too many distractions
if people were to make fun of u then u do have beauty and their just jealous
Thankyou friends for reading and following my tweets. Thankyou twitter
"Who is this?" "The more impatient version of the person you just spoke to."
need to invest in a #humidifier any suggestions on good ones? I was thinking of getting one that looks like a penguin!
Following back.. RT : now following follow back
looks like an egg.
- Good, his yellows against Arsenal were undeserved!
thank u i know
just counting down the days till summer where I can be at the pool all day and drink with and
Thanks to the communications pros who helped my students do their last projects!
Reach for the strap like nigga be there when I turn around
#Diabetes National Health Spending Slated to Increase by 2020 The health reform law -– th Affordabl Car Act-- i slate t ushe i ch
"Paper Planes"
can't wait to try cafe benelux for breakfast. maybe to hot for the rooftop?
Absolutely. That was amazing!
Man ppl still talkin bout that amber cole situation,who hasn't done crazy shit when they was young
Morning MFP family!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Parents demanding waivers for kids birthday parties. Interesting
Pizza on a stick
Come up with a qualification of the quantification in total cost of ownership sourcing decision
And thanks to fellow dog-doters and for advice!
A5: While I would like to plead the 5th I have to admit I've said things that I would like to take back!
Today is beautiful!
Walking dogs
AP Engilsh Lit exam today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
are hot?
#FollowFriday Just cause I love her tweets ;) (via )
luv your new book ben with & , Education Innovation 2 teachers and Principles part hilarious, no buyin
I'm here. But not much. I've been very busy lately working on making this film happen for you guys to enjoy.
skip it
my cubicle in a library. taeyun,membr of snsd ,pics attached all around
Why are you talking to me, stop that
#shoutout if you're still terrified to open a fresh bag of chips at your mama's house
1:39:21 a PR by over 7 min. Great race , beautiful and very well organized.
RT No one ever said it would be easy, shout out to all the couples who staying together thru hard times
our surprise was a success!!!!! I love you b*tch!!!!
I don't wanna be sober long, so you need to get me high again
Done with her celebrity safari at the chateau marmont and just changed her flight out to next week
Canons are awesome.
RT : RT 4th and forever is a great show about football.<<I love it
#YouKnowWhatIHateTheMost people on ebay who rip you off, and then close their accounts down! robbing gits!
I never get it when I want it, but its right on time
New Release Tuesday! What are you guys listening to right now?
yay! This week is tough- in closing and have a speaking engagement. Let's try for next week.
Gonna try to have an excellent Sunday worrying about my uncle's car being broken into at the ROH show!
looks like 's twitter got hacked. . . I think i believe she wouldnt talk like that.
Goin to pilates was the best idea ive ever had!!
I'll keep you posted on what we do.
take a bunch of tylenol to get you thru til next weekend, then you'll be here!
if the day isn't long then you can come over and we can do hair because I need my hair did and so do you
"Saxons, Vikings and Celts" by Bryan Sykes. Fascinating, but he stretches things a bit.
#ThingsWeAllHate - people lying and stealing
To differentiate himself from John McCain, Herman Cain has asked his old college buddies to stop calling him by his Dj name, MC Cain
You mad cause i'm at the Grammys with the Vatican.
i do. Don't say that
Maybe you just need to move the bacon from breakfast to lunch. Maybe a nice BLT on gluten-free toast :)
Downstairs playing the Bass Guitar...
It is a fun ensemble; I wanna do another :)
Oh, oh... very nice!
Just realized, I said 'swimmingly'. Sorry.
Thanks for the follow ! I just Love :)
Up in waynes world
Personally I want to see Thunder vs Heat in the final.
Slow Jams <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
We're going to have fun today! I'm bringing 10 wines for sampling. See you at 1:00, Carl.
Go Micha! When did she start running?!!! Good for her.
only the best RTs :) but apologies for flooding the zone
A Century of Philanthropy: A Carnegie Corporation of New York - American Libraries Magazine http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2FobtiEp
taking shots at you...wrong-o! I think he should keep his fingers on the keyboard too...
my point is essentially that having the right tools does little good without license to use them
nope, never heard it haha
Damn I love #mkebeerweek and
Holy cow I almost just tweeted something political. THAT was a close one.
things i've learned at #lssc12 so far: opportunities to be surprised (1) IDs where to learn (2) require predictions about what will happen
Is it winter yet? Someone wake me up from hibernation when it is. kthxbai
Like is mentioning, this is weird for people my age. I was in 7th grade when 9/11 happen and I just graduated college.
got my nose pierced finally!!! at home finnallly, i need a good nights sleep =] goodnight ya'll
Those mornings when u wake up extremely horny from A dream u can't even remember . On a couch in the tattoo shop nonetheless. >>>>>>
My bad. I would have assumed social media would communicate back with the customer team.
Just want to thank my incredible army of supporters all over the world for embracing Femme Fatale. You are my everything. -Brit
Does Scola bathe?
Jonathan Rees: "All servers will go down" (historically speaking)
First it Etta James, then Don Cornelius, and now David Peaston.
Need to do some grocery shopping tonight.
yeah that was it....that was a good game. too many errors
I'm not sure but I think he is like 5'11. But its just a guess
Black History Month
Giants Rule!
Don't associate with liars, hypocrites, & people who take advantage of people who care about them.
Ah yes, the wonderful world of underground charcuterie. Right here in my hometown no doubt.
Hoes talk for no reason these days
I have the busiest schedule in the world.
I hate it ugh so boring!
Don't get me wrong i love beer.
Should've sat in front of me. RT : When plays with my hair >>
The tin bores me. Yawn.
#MittRomney's bullying of a gay prep school classmate haunted the victim & 4 witnesses' whole lives. Romney "doesn't recall" it.
Aww I agree RT : My 2012 wish is for to remain real and for me to stop being so fake……I miss her :-\
no you can't leave the #saints business side of football sucks
Love you Too ! But TM is still votinq for you Faithfully ! and Daily L B V S #TM wear yall at V O T E ! <U+2665> Show them LOVE
- Mid 14th century French ProverbDon't expect things to go right the first time
This is called a slide. Not a time to worry. The thought that we should every game is a NFL mentality. DUMB.
Simplicity is...the best general rule in dressing little children; and infants particularly should be spared all unnecessary ornament.(1850)
"teacher, i am so hungry. there is a beggar inside my stomach." -one of my students.
you know what I just realized? That at 11:11 I was listening to 11:11 on the last day you're going to be 15! (':
team prasatik placed 3rd in the tri-girl triathlon! whoop!
Know that leadership is about "opting in." Some want to "opt out." This choice is always yours. Via podcast
Nearly had a heart attack today when I pulled into the garage after a trip 2 and realized I forgot to get the ! Boo!
Haha, so great! For me, the Cafe Indio inspired frothed almond milk topping and the whole nine yards.
research finds a quarter of kids 6-12 on #facebook, most w/parents' OK. #Parents friend their
Hope to see everyone at the Wfamily Fun Day today! 10am at Hope of the City Church on level 2 near Sears.
Sweet, thanks for the mention!
Good thing I get out in 30 minutes.
So, Walmart is the official sponsor of Baltimore Fashion Week. Says a lot...can't see them EVER sponsoring
Ongoing experiment at Library of Congress looks into automatic classification of web archive with LCSH
It's not even 5pm and I've already been invited to 5 parties, 2 kickbacks and asked to brunch for tomorrow ;)
why are METS fans abandoning ship??! Yes, we were only going to lose 17 games all year...?? LOL
and I have reached #stagnation in our #wishbigwinbig endeavors, yet we play on.
very tempting. TAH ends in 2013. Often debate K-12 teaching after....
have fun at Prom!!!! Your going to look so pretty! :-)
Appreciate that y'all have used them as functional (drunk) marketing tools.
It was probably just that old episode of House of Payne.
#awake so much on my mind
I need a haircut. Now i know why men go to the barbershop every week. This shit grow in fast...
whoa. Glad they are doing away with the toilet in the shower.
is the best I know....let's eat
Headed to North Carolina...where I DON'T have to wear a coat in April.
They need to have an open mind. Any trace of obstinacy will crush a teacher's ability to embrace tech
Open your heart up to receiving and see all that comes to you
Follow back?:)
But it has my favorites on it so I'll survive.
I am your leader, yes i am your leader. You not a believer, suck a big di— lolwaitwhat <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
OMG yes they are!
Chevy test drives happening outside the college of business, AND they're giving away $10 visa gift cards. Camaros all day
You seen my lighter?
It's a dirty job! But some one has to do it!! #hopefullytheylearn ..... you are hearing me but are you listening?
gauze, I hope im one of the first 12
i see ur learning more Spanish now ? xDD
It's not cheating when the other guy is a diesel?
Ever notice in those burglar alarm commercials, the robber smashes a family photo, and bypasses the flat screen?
np. Just called, we're good on time.
Thank you all for getting the word out about our Benefit Sale next Saturday in Georgetown.
Follow me please, I'm a good actress
what is a keruv symbol?
sure ill post
seems like a low bar...
Where's the good stuff happening today/tonight, Lemmings?
Doing good, been on week vacation. :)
#wordoftheday South Side on a fall afternoon after a Steeler win will show you a mafficking good time! - Thanks Robert!
actually i hear that they will be making a movie soon - but meant GRRM
Damn I'm Irritated!!
There are numerous ways to improve. Test are not, nor never will be, the way to do it.
If edges out in #Ohio, does it declare that there's no consensus on Romney and spell trouble for him in Nov?
Thank goodness for Friday.
Time for pandora to works its magic.
So I'm in a musical this weekend in Atlanta, GA at Lakeside High School. Wanna fly over here and see it? I'll buy yo ticket
Rough start to my softball career. game winner to pick me up. Gotta get my head out of my ass next time.
nice! I went to Montgomery! Awesome to know people from the neighborhood are making it big. We wish u much success.
God is truly amazing. Feels good to see everyone, inuding myself, dreams come true . . . 2012++++ is going to be a year(s) to remember . .
Thank you Marc Cherry and the cast of #desperatehousewives for 8 wonderful seasons :) I will miss this show...
#20ThingsAboutMe 1) I don't like liars.
Last night during some role play my GF dressed up as Lara Croft. The effort was nice but she reminded me more of a fridge raider
Taylor Kitsch stumbles into a civil war on Mars BEFORE WE DELVE into "John Carter," here's a behind-the-scenes story about the movie's ma
Cooking some yummy red beans...they smell wonderful
Why I gotta eat so much at all these parties...
Congrats! It might be tough to get tickets for such an elite team without paying a high premium.
thanks for stopping in. Clips online yet?
What has 2 thumbs and... no, I can't finish that cliche. I did just submit a book proposal, though.
Who knows a screenprinter, who will travel with a 4 color printer and help BELOW THE BRIM create this new way of producing tees? ANYONE!?
: "Pinky promises mean the world to me."
Look at my face right now Does it look like I give a fuck -_-
A little bird just told me that faxing is a good way to communicate. I wonder if they hang out with my grandma. She loves to fax.
Goin' To Sleep Thinkin' About Them<3 Makes Me Smile Just Thinking About Your Name<3 GoodNight Twitter<3
#NP summer died in connersville - I see stars :)
Tour of the pentagon=awesome. I love being an SI intern.
I wish
so does ok state win national championship?
"Go puck yourself" --
hahaha hi hi! :D Noo, she belongs with Stefan, but let's not talk about it, ok? xD
RT : If you are a golfer and need the best then visit NevadaBobs Golf at twitter.com/nevedabobs for the best deals on clubs!
And the registrations just keep coming in. This is going to be great!
Two days, 500-ish pages, worth every single one, with a few reservations (except it's fiction). Orphan Master's Son.
LOL You know how I do. I saw you peeped that book How to be Black. What you think? I'm thinking about grabbing it next week.
I'll never talk to a guy that has ridiculously visible tattoos......
The ultimate inspiration is the deadline | Nolan Bushnell
No one has mentioned Tom Cruise in a while. :(
I'm John.
“: Happy Mothers Day Lesean Mccoy! Enjoy your special day!!” LOLOLOLOLOL
I'm pretty sure Atticus Finch is one of the most badass lawyers in literature.
Key Deadlines in Cobell Settlement Call 414-380-2433 or email with questions.
Lol Quinn thinks i'm half mexican, half japanese.
I wish I could do that too!!!!!!
One person. Can kill another. Just saying, CONGRATS youve accomplished making someone kill themself
"Images of America - Fort Myer" to be featured at TWO Barnes & Noble locations - Oglethorpe Mall, Savannah, Georgia - …lnkd.in/RsBZkH
Money Makes The World Go Round
Yes!RT : you book a hotel on , get confirmation, then they say sorry, hotel gave us wrong rates.Should it be honored?
Enjoy your weekend. Embrace the present!
wow boys are awesomee!:D
that cheetos and salsa covered hotdog?
Helping Nick make Chicken Cordon Bleu.
THESE STEAKS GOTTA BE DONE RIGHT THE FUCK NOW
Planning trip: 7ppl, 1 minivan, 20+ hrs driving, staying w/ 's uncle in DC, joining 4mill ppl on the mall, 2600 miles roundtrip
We love our new followers:, , - Thank you!Check us out facebook.com/ChaseMarketingGroup for more updates
Sorry I missed you tonight bud, but best of luck in your trip from the southern little square to the northern little square
A happy birthday #peptalk who
Evidently, I need to not follow #tcg. The Canadian Grizzlies are dicks.
I am spit-shining my leather shoes while looking at Jacqueline Kennedy special on ABC.
Here we go.. "How Kenya Got Her Groove Back" ;)
haha exactly! Be optimistic :D
I'll just be on for the rest of the day
You need a day for every hour.
#bulls game is boring without D. Rose
got it - just upgraded you - good luck and send some mocks my way soon!
#Lotteryticket was not the new Friday, that shit was ass
thanks for coming to GLUCKFEST!
perfect! :) good luck on your finals! i'll text you on thursday & we'll plan something!
I will never say never.
I've been getting into Amstel and some IPA's. Matt doesn't really drink beer anymore.
That was agonizing to watch but
Royals are looking pretty good so far!
thanks for sharing that
Can you verify these accounts for FMG TV please
who told you..?! Hahaha that's my lifestyle #sorryimnotsorry JK
OH wait it starts at midnight I see! Hahaha
tip: Chocolate, spit, and chewed up jelly beans makes a high strength bond on a variety of surfaces, including metal, glass, hair and more!
I like to scream "WHO WANTS PUDDING?!" when I reach orgasm. Sadly, there's just no pill for sufferers of immature ejaculation.
with RG penalizing WASH/DAL for cap 'workarounds', you wonder if he does anything abt Vilma's obvs 'workaround' to keep $
damn tried to see ya friend lol
You will never leave where you are, until you decide where you’d rather be.” ~Dexter Yager
Doe < Though > Tho
hahahah of course lol its catchy and i had to change my name people though i really didnt know how to spell banana-_-
If we spoke a different language, we would perceive a somewhat different world. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
oh cheetos.. that's today? Any good performers this year?
stick to football.
whhhooooo. Yes. So italian for a texan. :)
Stand out: Send a "thank you" after an interview! Can't get an email address? That's ok! Send a handwritten note for a stronger impression!
Great weekend! Saturday and awesome shoot with and today
proud of you bro. Keep workin hard!
Headed home again to Milwaukee.
On my car at the station! Put a smile on my face
I really like that cover! Not the usual.
My mom is making her amazing lasagna tonight. DQ for dessert. I'm so hungry already!
you've unleashed the power of social networking
Wish it was the weekend already. Seeing Avengers again, hanging out with friends and watching soccer.
Love, love that story.
i do. It's.... 5 years old? though. battery is kaput.
When I eat fruit snacks, If I get a yellow one, well, I THROW IT ACROSS THE ROOM. die yellow ones die.
Austin will never know how much he has changed my life. I will never forget him & I promise, I'll never regret loving that boy. <U+2665>
Hey, I hope you're havin a tweeterrific day! << I'm having a great day :-) Thanks for the mention & have a productive week.
what r u guys gtting ready for? lol
Ex-Wizard, Ex- Redskin..Isn't that always the way it works?
Why does the "Where the he'll is Matt?" YouTube video always make me tear up?! #prsaicon Personal Branding
thanks for the follow, I look forward to reading your comments about Chicago.
Funny, my phone is kinda like the Millennium Falcon...
Jeremiah has red lipstick on his nipple...
. If someone asked me what America sounded like, I would say Levon. RIP and thank you to a true hero of mine.
Ok, good luck!
It's all downhill to the weekend from here! Will you be doing fun activities in the sun this weekend?
you can do it!
shaking in tokyo
Why girls such fucking whores these day?
This ad for personal injury attorneys looks oddly like something that would be on a TV in the background of Total Recall.
where are you guys located
All work easy work.
I will hit u 2morrow RT GOT A MACBOOK PRO 15IN. NOT NEW FPR $650
Crazy busy day tomorrow, and my tomorrow starts much earlier than your tomorrow.
doing great. Perfect beach day over here. And you?
I love how my mom calls me all the way downstairs to ask me to get her a blanket???
I wanna go back to sleep !.
Can't wait!
Fitz is a nice short term answer. Can he win 9-10 games a yr, sneak in playoffs? Yes. But they really need to improve @ QB
might not sleep tonight -_-
oh Dang girl!! Idk if I'm feeling a movie this late ;)
I have a weird phobia. I am afraid to kill a spider cus I am afraid their friends and family will want revenge and get me when I sleep.
I Maybe Mostly Tomboy But Im Somewat Gurly Girl. But because im like more tomboyish Doesnt Mean Imma Go Lesbo I love Some Men.Gtfoh that Bs.
Looking forward to seeing you. We hope you enjoy your meal! Let us know how everything goes.
That's a great stat We will be sure to feature that as a #mobiletrivia!
Happiness is unplugging....from it all. Jesus weeps, while I laugh till I cry and take that leap into the mad nothingness of the boundless.
I hate Monday's
S/O to one of my followers thanks for the support
BC-AP Sports Preview Digest (The Associated Press)
Ah... refreshing! DC getting a nice downpour! There goes the heat (temporarily) and the street gutter trash.
I have never gotten a job I was excited about ever. I really want this job. Applied expecting no response but got one.
my fave app is make a zombie. :)
if i was a junior i would take you to my prom<3 ....to bad im a freshman :(
I almost wanted to channel my inner-Engval and say, "here's yer sign!"
- you can't race fast by training slow...
I did not #oversleep this morning but I had help... :)))
I can't wait to have kids with Sabrina. <3
Thanks- I was afraid I was invisible !
Firefox upgrade by Tech Team. 1st time doing something is always such a picture of all the things you didn't know that you didn't know. Oy!
absolutely love your Peter quote,
#wow #76ers beat #Celtics in #Boston! !
Need great, energetic, intelligent people today and tomorrow for tech job! Email ASAP!
I got charged extra day after being told it wouldnt happen. Nearly missed flight trying to fix. Still unresolved.
#ThingsIHearEveryday: How long will that take? Just your best guess
This is my last day...
Just found out that PA Lt. Governor, Jim Cawley is coming to our office on Friday! What to wear, what to wear??
We will be open until 4 p.m. today! Happy holidays!
Aww thank you!! Same to yours =-)
Our #courtreporters keep the record straight
Their is an introvert - extrovert spectrum. Teachers need to know where students fall and act accordingly.
Lost our game. :/ blah
Can't wait for THE GRANDMASTERS. Has William Chang learned to carry WKW without Doyle's help?
Just saw the new Nike Tiger ad. What do people think?
Lunch Time!
Fast food is (often) trash food.
With my muffin
it's going to be so fun!!
I support any article that uses the word 'quango'
200 plus instagram follows. Ima long way from the 3k plus I had under haha. Follow me same guy less tit pics. Haha
You're very welcome.
Hark! The sun shines upon my brazenly unshaven leg!
when you think the news is about to end, its in fact just about to begin....
I'm so flattered you added me to your "Entrepreneurial Megaminds" list. Let's connect later this week??
Get ready for 4th of July wkend!! What is everyone planning?? ;D
I'm not stupid I know my dog
Every #soccer team has'em. HANDS UP: Despite shouts to the contrary, this player will stop to signal offside anywhere on the field.
Hey girl (:
Got it!
Not really. You'd have to accept the new Terms of Service once they have been revised before they would apply to you.
Follow me please!! I love you!!
Order your office cakes with us! 1/2 sheets to full sheets. Full sheets serve 60-70 =] Check out out our cakes. WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
how have you been?
I feed my dig red meat & catz .
Creating Content for Brands. is here to learn from the experts!
RT : Duncan: a great, young teacher, 29-30 years old, should be able to make $100K or more
he's very serious.
Happy #Valentines Day, 30% off today. LUV2U coupon code at checkout. #cajoneswear cafepress.com/cajoneswear
oh that's who the new kid was. :P
dont forget the thrills of nearby Troutdale. There's ... Um ....
There may well be questions about improper relationships here. But existence of personal friendships doesn't prove anything
Nothing can prepare you to have a special needs child.
np :) if u need me to spread the word to some ppl tweet or DM me:)
Cannible Corpse growls their lyrics, but they don't suck.
RT : Re: linkedin. Im on it, but its never really done much for me. Twitter seems way better!
What would be the reason to ignore the advice, especially after you say the person you're following is acting weird?
SO much to do.. SO little time
Thank God for letting me get up to see another day
LOS for next 10 hours. Singing a B-day song for my mom, ( W/ her preschool class) Then travel home. Thanks for adventures!
someones talking shit about you on twitter.....wow
I love my cousins and , you guys are the best
Big Atlanta Win to take series 3-2 even if Schmeltics win ware them out.
where can I hear that awesome Harrison Ford "my wife!" montage I heard on the air last week? Simply genius. Thx.
what kinda mess....
You are right, private browsing works great. Never even heard of it before. Thanks.
Would love to pick your brain sometime soon if you ever have a few extra minutes.
Dr. Wiggy is a wig manufacturer and hair supplier for the retail, wholesale, and consumers buying wigs. Check us out at www.drwiggys.com
SMH you shady person
Sunday is a great day to be with friends and family and send #love into the world!
Thanks! Are u stoked to meet Beckett* too? :) RT : Congrats!! So stoked for you and Brooke, and I can't wait to meet Breckett!!
Great night for #Santorum would like to see things continue in this direction for our country!
Believe me, I know.
Fuck I just feel like spilling out everything that's on my mind right now
The year I'm probably not going to Essence, D'Angelo is performing. Dangit!
RIP Duck Dunn
jealous. The pollen in ATL is so gross right now.
send us the song link
Nine West announces Giles Deacon as newest "Shoelaborations" designer (Fall 2011). Sophie Theallet was first collaborator in Spring.
its pretty yummy... but that is ridiculous.
Dude said it wasn't a warning. I called TriMet looking for my id. Messy. The 1st street Max stop is a terrible cold barren land.
"Instruments make our music, music tells our story". People share music..and want to feel connected to it.
waitstaff at #cfirehouse taking care of me like champs. thnx
Hilarious: I wrote Blackboard Mobile an email to tell them the chalk and marker felt is, er... Difficult to use, and I got a response. lol.
when you buy the dye please check the due date
Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it. -Elbert Hubbard
Im losing my voice and i sound raspy. Blehh
Nope, I won't be in D.C. We may have to use technology to get this party started. :) I'll be in touch post-#PLA12, ok? -sarah
Hope we don't scare the people here away when we start playing rock music after these electroman acts...
Spring break about to be crazy once again
It's on FOX.
Nice. I'll be over for a salad on Memorial Day!
Bout' to go out to eat w/ the moms. . . I gotta feeling we meeting somebody but oh well. . But I miss my baee. <3 TML
well went sschool clothes shopping.. got cute stuff. my b dayy is wednesday.. thanks 4 the clothes uncle tonyy!!!!
Favorite Adele Song: Set fire to the rain
Just finished the system for plugging AI into Hive. Made a really dumb temporary AI to test it. Artificial Stupidity?
First day of official dissertation writing underway...
Is cost-per-use the most relevant metric for evaluating e-Resources among librarians? That's what I've heard...
Newt needs to go, but will he? I'll bet no. He's a complete distraction.
Seriously though. If you're only in a relationship because "everyone else is" & youre "lonely" , you needa be slapped.
he can't coach worth a lick, proved that at Florida and Illinois,
At least one coach a day seems to be visiting 2014 LB Raekwon McMillan from Georgia. Today is was the home state
Someone trade me hands. Really. Please?
Who came up with the rule that you can start listening to Christmas music after thanksgiving? Did he know that they are over a month apart?
Atlantic Salmon and water studied by Foote School students | New ...
Enjoying some fine mexican food.
hes not home
STill trying to find right twitter client Ugh.
tell Zigler to quit being a bitch
I couldn't make it, hope it was fun!
Great photo! Thanks for the twitter love.
It's awfully nice out there. Worth making the trip.
I've written an introduction!! Now just...the rest of the paper to go...sigh.
Mediterranee Coconut yogurt, you're delicious. Thank you for being awesome.
Just listen to the stories of out of work single mom while I was at kfc. Boy I am so blessed.
I was so blessed our time today. Journaling about it right now! Jesus lead on and be huge ~ all for his fame!
I see you, Rev...I see YOU!
Lebron mad cuz Granger knocked his headband off. Everybody could see his hairline then.
Dear God!!! RT : "I love to turn people on to Rombauer Chardonnay." -- Said an anonymous retailer to me today”
hey man, I'm in the airforce and I was wondering if you could give me a retweet. I am your biggest OHIO fan! :) Still love you!
Thank you for following Roll Back Tolls. Road tolls must affect many local businesses' bottom line.
ur very cute:)
What do you think are the Pros & Cons of the #SOPA & #PIPA legislations?
RT : Amazeballs, new Giuliana & Bill 2night! Style Network at 8/7c! Retweet to win signed copy of our book & gift from my ...
you saying that like you personally know people in okc
Ha! No, this is an ongoing debate among theater makers that I'm trying to understand.
"Cancel that bitch, Nino Brown....Fuckkk You, I'm C-Lo now"
Great afternoon! 4 pizzas w/Social Media class as final exam & Obama believes everyone should be able to marry! Yea Civil Rights! Yea Pizza!
#erl12 data will come from publishers, KBART, partnership with CUFTS, & manual creation
Good morning, Jay!
I need to get rid of this Afro tomorrow.
aye brotha...thanks for playin my shit man...means a lot...respect...
Answer: A toy blimp.
Um...she's gorgeous...possibly the most gorgeous woman on earth.
Always something interesting on the ctabus...not sure if I should be concerned or laugh out loud
Reason to use Social Media Case #4 of 5 Distributed Brand Presence: Multiple brands/locations, scalable SM
welcome to twitter amiga
demanufacture ftw. they're on tour
Thxs and we agree Wendy! RT : How did leave out ? If you haven't been, GO. nym.ag/nYXAwe
Finally getting back into Twitter after a long break....my crazy life might be settling down a little now :-)
.: Pay attention to the people that help you when you're low, so you know who to ignore when you're at your high.
I miss all my Ball State friends!!!
Yay mobil photos work again
Community based shopping in full swing today -- 7916 SE Foster -- new | used | original -- until 7 PM today, 11-5 tomorrow. Check us out!
Hey peeps! Big news! has been acquired by Cambridge BioMarketing Group please follow at for news and updates!
Ah a typo. He is one of my favs all time.
Cool story bro. Now shut the funk off.
not too shabby!
Lets get this party started! #DCDrinkUp at 6:30P tonight! Chill with the most interesting people in DC at King Street Blues in Crystal City!
Follow .. Ill follow back!
Just waiting for the dumb asses playing football outside my apt to break a window...
We are looking for #Legal #Records Specialists! If you are in or near #DC contact us!
In the meantime, we'll have to eat maximum NY pizza while we still can!
": How do u act one way in real life and act another way on twitter, see that's the shit I dnt like."
dude at the whiskey shivers show in front of me keeps doing a dance move we like to call "the ducktail!
{I stare into the calm waters of the lake, seeing haunted, eerie eyes looking back at me, I smile; she smiles. I blink; she blinks}
And Lord knows I LOVE Black men.
We moved the EWG food conversation over to , please follow us there! This channel is no longer active. Thanks!
M it want let me you call me 9014852981
#frankie the new class pet!!!
Romania requires personally identifiable information be stored in locked metal canisters. The 1950's called and want its laws back
Samantha: "this is supposed to be an A list party" Carrie: "then who's the double D list over there by the pool?"
Good point, also a good way to teach them about unions and how they work.
yea I think u had the 1st, he had the 2nd. I think u gota slow it down a bit to make ur bars stand out to the crowd better
FOLLOW FOR 5 FOLLOW BACKS ASAP!
You're welcome!
Also, is leading the lunches, so she will have additional tips.We'll be walking through how to set up accts. Simple first.
idgaf what u say... Have fun
this sounds so cliche. I have the best students!! You are the most important reason I enjoy my profession!!
Did you know we were Bullying over Faith? We had a big client that told me he did not like the Christian tone & Artwork on our company web …
will you be in your office today?
Can I get that book on cassette tape? My walkman needs batteries.
Tonight was fun. :)
Omg still tickled about the lady that ate the chocolate this morning
It took 100 half-naked men to pull Madonna's ego onto the stage at the Superbowl...
is a monster on the court!
is at Hurry! And bring your checkbook...
A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who has never learned to walk.
Someone help me get addicted to #NewTwitter. I wanna know how to make it fun. Any suggestions?
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY KINGS AND QUEENS
calm down
Hmm. Which Focalink double - the Forte or the Dolce?
Jhammin to the B-52's in hella traffic on 80 E. Any Sac brehs making it out tonight for snob theater?
Husband: Sometimes I think I just need to stop reading your tweets. Just for the sake of our marriage.
"I hope the President and Congress fulfill their promise... We need it now more than ever." on service funding
Illnesses play havoc with team selections - The Australian
yes I will. Car enthusiast of Infiniti will come!
#Daytona 500 start time pushed back to 7 p.m. because of rain.
RT : RT : Framing issues: climate disruption, women’s rights, economy, religion, politics......
Bombshell photo shoot today w/ Tanya, Moni, Mari, & Genia
Mrs fleck gave me a drug affected dead battery baby. -_-
JUST FINISHED EATING A LATE BREAKFAST FULL AS HELL
I like my music real loud, real loud. Can you turn that shit up for me right now, right now. is killin it.
I'm talking about our dog. Please don't send me any unseemly spam.
Just opened up the can of worms. Don't care much for worms.
Whaa? I'm gonna miss yall :/ ": Me and will be appearing on 106&park fri at 6pm but tune in to watch the video today"
I done be lied to I been neglected... You try to break me down IMA GO HARDER!!!
Happy Birthday !!!
Thanks for following, Rick!
In most of our human relationships, we spend much of our time reassuring one another that our costumes of identity are on straight.” <U+2015> Ram
We Keep Moving :: We Keep Moving - National Multiple Sclerosis Society www.wekeepmoving.org
#NP: "Wide Awake" Katy Perry <3
Also, they've got new Thunderbolt 6tb that might be worth looking at - pricey, though
Thank #god that #linsanity isn't a douche about his beliefs.
Why is it so easy to hit a HR at Wrigley? Because the Bleachers are full of Cubs fans, and they ALL SUCK!!!
Im glad u liked it! RT : Enjoyed the show last night
New York is starting to feel like New York again.
When the devil tells you you're a failure when he says you'll never amount to anything put him in his place, then dare to follow your dream!
The #IndianaPacers-#MiamiHeat game was great last night; maybe the Pacers are better than I thought that they would be.
Represented #Croatia at the European Drinks Festival 2012 at Sofitel in Chicago today. A European Union sponsored event. We rocked it.
Actions speak louder than words.
I just want to know why we didn't think of it!
hey.. I miss talking yall......
#ThingsThatShouldNOTHappen you Flirting With Your BestFriends Boyfriend On The Low..
love that the heat are rocking the all black tonight...watchout knicks
I am so in love with 's website and tumblr!!!
I love my life made in lex #sohappy #lovelex #<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
I hope it is composing really terrible poetry for itself, or translating itself into Microsoft Swahili and back.
Call me what you want to. Whatever makes you feel better, I don't want you.
At The Brown, $2 Wells ... Sean and Mark play ...
If the most qualified candidate is a woman then yes. If not, then no. What a person brings to the table matters, gender doesnt.
ayo fam did you get those trax i sent you?
Yep. said it best. "It's a Tebow kind of day."
Just cause its gross I think
Just watched the grey's musical event. Very powerful put to music
Sorry!! I was to busy.... That´s why I didn´t show up
record collecting for girls by courtney e. smith. It's hilarious haha
hey fam! what it do?
that is going on the agenda for the next firm meeting for sure
It does exist...I thought it was just a myth, a legend.
An I Get A Follow? Its Been A Dream For YOU To Follow Me! Can You Make It Come True Cody? :}
As if preseason football wasn't already unwatchable, having to look at Curtis Painter's spray tan just did me in.
it was good I left early
"Okay shut off the game boy time for dinner." Ugh I'm in a battle! You can't just shut it off. Now wait and I'll save it after. Pokemon.
you are as pretty and beautiful as Lexi but you aren't as evil as her :)
... And request to add me on Facebook, I'm not going to accept you trying to get back into my life. You hurt me! You hurt my sister!...
that's cool
Why is the monsters' football pitch wet?Because the players keep dribbling on it.
Themes of posthumanism in Scott Westerfeld's "Uglies" series although might know more YA titles...
If you or someone you know is between ages of 0 to 27yrs old, sign up to be a part of this pageant/model search event www.pageantinfo.com
N e way... That got my mood shifted forreal! That was POINTLESS!
So who wants to go flying after I get my pilot's license this year? :)
pick team jacob or team edward? i saw jacob
<< Check Your DM >> << Check your Facebook Messages >> Get back to me if you guys have any questions
an accent or can portray a Flemish/Dutch person/ 500 /day Audish Thursday shoot 5/3rd-5th. email
nothing that's the problem
Inspiration exists, but it has 2 find u working. Pablo Picasso - Coaching helps 1 unlock ideas, potential & may spark big transformations.
90K HELL YEA FUCKING RIGHT! :D
lol....good one!
if they are so dangerous not to fly why can't you arrest them?!?!?! and you screening is so ineffective they can't fly?
Looks like it's gonna just be me and going hard in vegas this summer
Yeah, I know. I remember when Mark Whitfield Sr. first came on the scene. Now his son is playing! Time flies way too fast!
how did you get them to follow you.
thanks for the follow..keep in touch..
Lol...i like white meat...lol. well he's tryin!:-)
Wasting barral's tape>>>>>>>
Make your move, before I’m gone. Because people change, and hearts move on.
I love Damon Allen Williams and always will Idgaf about nothing else.! We haven't reached the Climax.!
I don't know where I would be without my Mom!
I love art
haha no he'd be like "Eff homework, roll one" lmao
We need to put more effort into making non-car transportation sexier!
. has also been added to the 3/5 Raw Supershow. Programming is about to get loaded leading into Wrestlemania
(Byrannnnnnnnn) lol now im off to bed
Is anyone seeing this child tanning segment on ? How gross is that mom's skin?
Where THE bad BITCHES at?
light bulb light bulb taffy
who's been to the lion's share on kettner? stumbled across it on my run to the convention center tonight!
Preach ~! RT: Unless I'm With You.... Stop Worrying About What Doin DANG! CAN I LIVE!
uh uh gettin money uh uh gettin money ::kevin hart voice::
RT : Running is to beer as a valley is to a mountain. You need the former to really appreciate the latter.
interns please provide some more videos of sound check and rehearsal, please!!!!
that's okay! We'll chat again soon! :)
He was so gorgeous in Ninja Assassin and so was Lee Joon :) and their English :) Is rain still in the army?
The beach is calling my name.
how can i follow more people, we are a public figure and would love to follow everyone that follows us. help...
nothing tomorrow. lunch?
Paperwork at the doctor's office: Have you ever taken or are you currently on any experimental drugs? Define experimental.
yeah! You have some groovy surf shows
"How the hell do I know why there were Nazis? I don't know how the can opener works!"
hope my state treated you well.
Thank you Ms. Morales
its spanish! Google translate it :p ~Devin.Anne<3
RT : Rapidly Expanding e2e Materials Ramping Up #Manufacturing in NY Facility, Creating More #Green #Jobs:...
Didn't we grab real birds and throw them at stuff?
I wonder when it will stop raining? Been raining here in Minnesota for the past 4 or five days now. Soon it will be time to build the Ark.
TATTOO ARTIST CRYING ABOUT DOING PORTRAITS ON #bestink WTF??? GROW UP AND TATTOO IF U GONNA TATTOO
You are amazing. <U+2665>
Been watching since the start. Hooked - you and me both!
And Look AMA-ZING!
i need to see Simple Plan live again, jkfhgdsj,fhsdkf
aww I did have a good day. Sorry very busy!! <333
www.youtube.com SEARCH YOUNG MANTRA. MILWAUKEE WE THE BEST
The micro-organisms naturally present in the mouth cavity (over 300 species of bacteria) combine with saliva & food debris
I don't see you today :(
Top notch agency biz dev exec in Atlanta? Get involved in a business development resource forum & lunch Sept 23. Message for details.
Forget Willis going on First Take.. I want to see Sandy Clough deny from over talking him.
Be sure to let us know if you're going abroad this summer so your debit card continues to work without a problem!
Come in on Monday and try our fresh strains: Cali Orange, Purple D, and K1.
Businesses in Cleveland! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Contact us!
Santorum is my pick. But, the R establishment isn't backing him, so it's an uphill battle. --- Hope all is well with you.
Courtyard is getting packed! Come get some free food and watch the movie Superbad!
I followed so much People please follow me back :(
Lol true I wouldn't be oppose to it though
Why I love basketball -
see you tomorrow!!
Everybody is a genius, but if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will spend its whole life believing its stupid. -Einstein
I always have a good feeling about the proposal when I'm laughing at how crappy the past solutions were.
McClard's BarBQ with the family.
It is truly sad to see some people in scavenger mode, if you're not strong enough to make your own kill...
Imma get to twitter jail before work one day.
The Chronic Girls of Narnia
I'm probably gonna die from exhaustion from all this lack of sleep.
any time :)
can you wish a happy birthday ,please?!
Good morning Twitter! I'm soo tired!
ill take the pullover!!
haha any day Jules!! I'll miss you too but I shall see you plenty this summer!! We're gonna partii ;)
i love you so much!!!!!
u never text me :(
No fucking doubt.
I like the new look!
Oh really? Heath Bell isn't closing? Did something happen?
going to be in a upcoming music video <3
I want some cranberry juice somebody bring me some cranberry juice pleeeeaaaassssseeee.
I realized that after I posted it! His facial expression really makes the photo.
very SEXY girl! Thank god it wasn't hemi girl. That bitch has a bigger cock than me.
my foot hurts
the trumpet will be used for future calls!
My fellow swimmers (#males): #ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf those Speedo Swim Briefs. Out of the 1 hr. I swam, I threw up for 45min.
TONIGHT in #NYC at Webster Hall: w/ ! Get tix at the door, Show starts at 7pm! Be there
girl was up hahaha jk was up
hahaha, can't wait
the only logical response if we lose is for me to drown myself at Hilton head this weekend. N I don't mean in the ocean
no /: but he did look at me and point to me several times! :)
my bed is so comfy, I'm ready for a nap
Los Cuate's 's Huevos Rancheros are okay there better as left overs!
glad you agree!
at least follows you
i am a based god.
S/O all ENTREPRENEURS that follow me!!
i figured out who u are.Drum roll please....Vernon Louis Parrington.... amazing vern saved me from twitter hackers
She really do though!
God bless the brilliant person who invented indoor play areas
You make me sad.
Are reporters giving away their content by Tweeting in real time? Does Twitter news undermine the business model for journalism?
Dropkick Murphys just told security to get out of the pit and leave the fans alone. Wouldn't play until security left!
Just realized that my 1000th tweet was about boxing and not jazz.
What's the best multi-effects floor unit for Guitars? Suggestions?
Skyscraper by Dimi I can play it on my piano I'm so happy now!! This is what happens when I get sick I play piano sometimes :P
#np Summer Rain - Carl Thomas
Hate When This Ugly Nigga Be Questioning Mee
What does K have to do with freaking Potassium?? /:
hey cosgrove will you merry me ??
my friend running the Sun & will B tweeting during the race. She's amaze & u'll want 2 follow her journey!!
Dirk ist gut.
Fool me twice, shame on me.
Gander mtn. Is amazing
Watching something that discuses you that much you freeze and have a bad feeling in your gut and turn it over quickly .
I want a puppy..
An ounce of lean or a pound of dro couldn't place you on the planet that I'm transmitting life from bro brother broham
Giving tangible gifts is not always about the gift, it's about letting the person know you pay attention to their interests.
Eventually you always see who cares and who doesn't.
RT : "theo it's Ruben.we'll sign Lee away from Yanks if u take Blanton." "ok" "theo we signed Lee.U still want Blanton...
Yo, Al. Don't feel left out - we've got a reply for you too. You're awesome! That is all.
#dukenukemforever was not as good at Duke Nukem on the 64. childhood memories
i agree
I am officially one of those obnoxious women on Pinterest with a wedding board. Sorry world.
Yes. Haha are you gonna be like my roommates who give me hell about taking iPad bathroom pics? Lmao
we got Spurs till the last breath baby! #GoSpursGo!!! Always.
hey thanks for the shoutout. Just got up to rock my 4 month old back to sleep
“: Thank you Portland Police and Parks and Rec for helping us put on a great community event! #SundayParkways”
Great to see you again! You killed it tonight. Thanks for the shout out and keep it up!
Buenos Dias ;) Listening to your music gets the day started off just right! Much <3 always!
May 6th-12th is "Choose Privacy Week." If you need help setting up #privacy settings on your #Facebook, contact me!
RT : What other places do casting directors look for child actors?
ASTD CEO Tony Bingham says we must prepare for the penetration of mobile devices by embracing mobile learning.
With the Brewers on the west coast tonight the game doesn't start till late, just in time for Late Night Happy Hour with Chaundra!
That's an old doll. ;)
It's Friday Friday gotta get down on Friday..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Forensic Psychiatry? Can't say I've ever heard of that!
I kno I told her I'm coming but I Anit!#teamDOLO I like it dis way
Dan Rusanowsky checks in with Tim Jeffreys at 3:20 this afternoon to discuss what the Sharks need to do tonight to win
" Ive come down to love, i get get enough."
By "little Tv" are you referring to the one that no longer works?
Do you get to keep everything on it? I think you've to be in a special kind of mood to deal with cellphone people.
thanks for following... had some good times at Krave and always brought out of town guests there!
Maybe I was mistaken, but was that Mitt Romney seen reading a copy of the book “Three Faces of Eve?”
10 yo opera singer Jackie Evoncho said on Oprah, "You're on a big stage so deal with it! This is your place to shine." Sing it Sista!
I'd say indirectly, does the survival job let you have time to pursue the things you need to get the dream job.
will you send me a picture of you in your new UPS outfit?? I bet you look adorable :) haha. I'm serious though...
lol, how did we get the same face lol!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> two thumbs up
Listening to: Soul Coughing - El Oso
Haha! It was quite effective! xD
If you're going to manage my department for me, why am I even here?
Oh, yeah: Spring forward, Fall BACK. So I get an extra hour of sleep. In theory.
Other than the new stuff is RAD...no.
Ohh man even if it burns a $350 hole in my pocket... WORTH IT
Get your kids to eat raw veggies at a young age, and you will begin a positive life long habit.
It was great to have a visit from yesterday! Always good to learn about media opportunities for our clients!
Defense ranked 2 last year and offense in the 20's. WO was a priority.I thought they must have trade for WO after 2-5 picks
any tips on where to hide gold? Tried to put it under my mattress but Ben Bernanke took it.
Bahaha alright. And okay MOM geez.
ur never to old for lol happy birthday
You're a strange one.
how are you?
hahaha just found the little image on the back of the Tshirt.
it obviously worked for you
Proud of my Blackbirds. y'all did us proud!
RT : Final job of teacher: free student of teacher. (Zen saying)
Maybe everyone doesn't deserve a 2nd chance. If I can be perfect why can't you?
This is amazing. I wish it was still active. It should be published with glossy photo interpretations. re:
You are showing reponsibility for a gaffe. Penn State coaches showed no responsibility for a major crime against innocent children.
Flu's getting worst
haha can't be, you're an inspiration to us all lol
"Administrative leave" not good thing for Petrino. Sounds like a delay of firing to me That is if Petrino doesn't leave a note quitting 1st
Ugh, Ellis is the WORST.
Vote for Taxi Share Chicago to win Apps for Metro Chicago! appsformetrochicago.org/apps cc:
Those look delish! Love the pic!
I am in atlanta and taught esl / efl for 3 years
congrats on your pregnancy! What a blessing<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>you guys are goin to have a gorgeous baby! I predict #girl!
rise and grind! setting up the marketing for my new film Video Girl!!
I'm hurting I refuse to continue to take this shit
One benefit (of many) of #Ohio data: Records student intentions at the time of application to a higher ed institution
will need to keep in mind that cars don't like swimming. Looking to be a lentils and rice month.
I guess I'll take the GOP-like position on this. I only want free speech for the corporations I want to have free speech.
Just saw American Reunion. Either it was really bad, or I'm too old to find it funny. Here's hoping its the former.
1989 Like on FB! Let's see if we can get those 11 more by the end of the day....Tell you friends to like the National Institute of Flamenco!
ops, it all starts at 10:30 am tomorrow morning if you'd like to learn bike repair and get some great food and bevs
My favorite word today: imprecation. Say it to yourself and just listen to those pretty consonant sounds!
its ok
Mitt is on fire tonight! Well Polished! Well spoken!
Got sidetracked! Still going? RT : Well Hels, Michelle, & I are here but no RYAN!
the viper room >
Carol Lane know this paper was str8 bullshit!
Ugh Morgan?!
Train rides lolololo
Amazing, Amazing Cirque de Soleil performance! Could watch that all day.
I have a gifboom, but it wont let me make gifs. wtf???
also, has a show (1st) at betty's this friday in nashville. yeah!!
Things like this make me wanna move back to KC!
I see u offer nothing but insults in your tweets, no facts or solutions. No wonder u think people dont deserve better
Now Game 7 is going to be my mind for the next 44 hours. So much for my boss wanting me to get a ton of work done this week.
Still have some bottles left unless our private party last night frank it all.
ah man I would've gotten you your own pint had I seen this 5 minutes earlier
it's been a while. How are you? I'm in Canada as we speak
The nation is more divided now than in years. The majority will prevail in November. But will it be for the good of our futures?
"The best remedy for anger is delay." Brigham Young
Suh keeps playing dirty time after time, he needs to be shown this isn't UFC
Campus is quiet today with students finishing up finals and leaving town on Saturday. What was your favorite thing to do on Winter Recess?
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Tortilla and Corn Chowder. Sugar-free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary
What is the fascination with the Kentucky Derby? It's just a bunch of horses running around a track once.
Big questions: Who owns electronic health record data? Patients? service providers? - Metadata panel at #healthit Summit
ahahahaha ! were not in #beastmode were in #jokemode now !
go For the purple one !!!
is Leaf or Russell not on there? Gallery at least turned into a decent guard.
I love you all, because we are pretty!
Finn just said nigger. My brother is racist.
It's okay to have 17 boyfriends right? (;
NOT Random....Intentionally GOOD!! :)
when is mothers day? o.O
You're fighting an uphill battle there! But keep up the good fight. :)
Fresh out the shower... Im sleepy
lol np, thanks for being awesome :p
Start with the awful truth and let it work up a good, gnarly stink for a few days, then come back and sprinkle funny on it.
#BackInElementarySchool I dressed like from spice girls :P
um I don't know what school that is lol but ye as we live in Austin
Imma Cry! My Mom Texted Me That They Are Sending Her To Mexico When She's A Citizen In The USA :'(
No Pulitzer for fiction, interesting. Thoughts?
Listening to talk MVP
Hate having anemia so much.
Anytime I try to choreograph in my living room, the Pitador thinks its time to play and tries to join in. We have different dance styles.
doing well! starting up a new business which is going realyl well. exciting times!!!! how about you? nyxpo is growing!!
Ravens get a 4th round pick from Vikiings.
It helps me focus on our Lord and helps me get through the day.
Five hour energy, let's hope you work tomorrow.
follow back
We'll have to check it out. Excited to have you guys opening in Bay View! When's it official?
Lovely. Please keep posting beautiful things.
With 32 wins next season UK would set the NCAA men's Division I record for most wins in a 4 season span.
Ladyscissors, Wendy Schneider, and I will play at The Frequency May 28. Exciting!
Due to the Enfamil baby recall, if anyone is having problems finding Similac, let me know the store(s) and I can help
Oh come on, really???
Average number of days a West German goes without washing his underwear: 7
Here with our good friend Cecilia Spellman on a 5k Williams Syndrome Walk supporting the cause. Great Day
i will soon
Job Tip: Always ask and know the How & When part of your pay. If you don't ask, it could cost you big time!
I have plans to MOOC with Bonk.
I ain't even gonna try and be something I'm not! The rest of you could pretend
How do we teach a generation to be each other's Brother's/Sister's keeper? We can't afford to draw lines of solidarity amongst us.
OP ART vs COLOR FIELD (Art Madness, Sweet 16)
Watching scary movies with all the lights off >>>>>>>> ^.^
you in?
Ironically, I taught a Dabble class, "How to get your dream job last" month.
Hey, Shawn. Thank you for hollering.
u heard me i cant go to wresteling shows basketball games and football games until i go to beauty pagents YUCK!!
An artist who had hits 20+ years ago died a year younger than me. RIP Heavy D. I liked your overweight loving' style
love 4 u 2 come & try us 1 day.We had awesome apricot glazed cornish hens 2day @ elmington.B there nxt Sat w more
Congrats on the new project! Looks like a great venue! Enjoy.
Crap. I was just experimenting with adding books to GoodReads. Apparently doing it that way posts to Twitter.. ^^;;
Powe looks like Prince Fielder
I'll post it on dA when I get it on saturday. You'll find out! ;)
it's good, I just wish your daughter would show you some more respect.
congrats. let me do the logo for that in extremely bold letters that can be seen for miles.
take 5 minutes for look this ,, "little monster"
What!!! Unconfirmed reports say Jr Seau has commited suicide.
if only rock papers scissors worked in important decisions in life
& i fall into their trap everytime. hahahaha
Everything In Your Life Is A Reflection Of A Choice You Have Made... If You Want A Different Result, Make Different Choices...
hi Sam!! Thank you SO much for the watches! They Are stunning!! I'm very excited for the party in two weeks!
post a few more brawls and you'll be #1 on that list (or just hit over .300 in fall ball and you're there!) come on man.
so we should make laws with the idea they have no social economic effects or ends?
DallasDealszone thanks for following me on Twitter!
Live jazz at Levain Bakery in Harlem! Part of Make Music New York. Gotta love Harlem!
Random DM Messages >>
Yes, & love the chaos seen from the tipped plane. Focus, perspective, perception, understanding; clever.
My favorite in a long time : I'm going to echo and others here -- #MakeHIW has been amazing!
you ratchet!
GIRL DRINK DRUNK! I'll see 's bourbon and raise her a whisky.
That song 'Somebody That I Used to Know' is creepy as heck..
yep! Rounders filmed at the 15 Washington building and the park across the street.
I will definitely do the first two! :) I'm also thinking about starting a fundraising campaign on Indie GoGo
You don't win once in a while, you don't do things right once in a while, you do them right all the time. Winning is a habit. -V.Lombardi
Thanks to all who came out to the first Art District get together last night. & BigStar
ur new song is my ringtone for my phone
Im never good enough for them... :'(
Hittin the gym then out :p.
RT Two 's are seriously horn-battling right now, ridiculous.
playing CMJ Deli Magazine party at The Delancey FREE FOOD! FREE ENTRY! sponsored by SESAC details here: www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
let us know when you're coming to visit!
In May my wife and I will have been married 7 years. I have to admit that she still excites me like when we first met!
Happy Friday Ladies!
Thanks. I had a really good time writing it. And sorry to hear about your allergies ;-)
no I meant it's one of my favorite places!
Not delayed...yet. Spending time with Mr. Hoeggarden right now. Fingers crossed.
More #soccer Coachisms: We're within striking distance now. = Their coach sat all their starters for the second half.
I just signed up for gmail. This is a giant leap for mankind.
woohoo! Glad I could help. And yes, she is good people!
This weather makes me wanna...
which is the best adventure game for WII? anyone ...?
haha. Kala is my savior. legit. >>>
"A cockroach walks into a computer lab." Sounds like the start of a joke, was really an end to my class.
U never see me planking unless I'm on your girlfriend
They used a dude that looked like he was 30 thats sum BS
Looking forward to making my first root veggie mash later today for a pre-Thanksgiving meal with foodie friends!
Any hallway tirades from Magic at Dodger Stadium tonight?
You're probably right. But that would be too simple.
did y'all. Get the email
New Year Super Duper Offer!All designs for Caps or left chest unlimited stitch count are $15 each-Email:
Good Morning from #NGS2012!! Looking forward to hearing lots of great sessions. It's been a remarkable week...more to come!
I meant they're not going to listen to you. Lol c:
Quick follow up. did you check the email? lets get to jammin!!
morning.. Well afternoon;) so how are you? Love you! Follow back please?x
thank you very much for the RT mention!
i hope none of them follow us on tweeter
Tomorrow is late start <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
your beautiful!!! Lol
im doing great i just tried to call you
Thanks! MT Dropped by on Sat night to see a friend's work --> favorite collection of art I've seen in #Katzen!
nah , missed it
I love riding #singlespeed !
So I am in the auditorium... With about 400 others.
don't think about just try it. Off the shelf peeps and tostitos queso dip.
getting ready to start noon prayer. tune in live!
no? Lmfao your demanding. I'm gonna punch you.
thanks so much!
When are you going to come to the 'Ville during Derby week? The crew will love it!!!
One minute until midnight. Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes today. I love you all so much <3
What a disappointing final shot. And no reason for a 3 point shot either.
Just listened to punk goes pop volume 4 and happened to be quiet pleased with Your cover was so great, good job. :'D
Obama is magic. He sings some Al Green, I forget all about increased drone strikes. Damn.
TONITE AND TOMORROW SUNDAY NITE HESSFEST !! AT NUBLU... HESS IS MORE PRESENTS....
thanks, ill give people alittle more time then ill think about that
there must be a driving force in the atmosphere...
has been good to me
You know, what you did to me as a child, fucked up any possibility of me being able to feel loved.
My bf would take me to a place with half naked girls with nice ass bodies. Way to make me feel insecure.
Women don't want to hear what you think. Women want to hear what they think -- in a deeper voice. ~ Bill Cosby
Here's the rescue squad. I hope to God I don't fall out!
Brands spend $$$ creating Super Bowl commercials & now they can make them jump off the screen & into people’s hands on mobile smart phones.
that's where I'm from babe!!!
#NP Rising Down - The Roots
What did he order? Don't say falafel.
old. I dunno, we have lots of tests scheduled
LA, thank you for being 68 and sunny.
At Smalls checking out . Great music! Glad I ran into him on the street! NYC gotta be in it ya win it!! =)
Birthdays wednesday , i dont get to skip either. my birthday !
long time to talk. How have you been?
IF I DIDN'T HAVE CHEESE LIKE EVERYDAY, WOULD YOU STILL WANNA BE WITH ME?
End of March ..Figuring things out in a week or so on dates and times etc..
The Onion Corporate Office is in Chicago, but the Satire writers are in NY. Burn on the man!
I'm wearing mine right now : If Romney gets elected there will be an individual mandate that we all wear magic underwear
I wish I was on tour right now.
One more day bf I can come bak to skewl!!! Bak on Tuesday!!!
It don't fn matter who gave the message...Bitch did u get the message!!
Who the hell is walking around my neighborhood with a bucket of fried chicken everyday tossing legs on the ground? Sick chubs.
#SWSEA Conceivian team working on fun ShallWe meet-up iPhone app at Startup Weekend.
ya man. Starting to get warm & I need to clean it up. Love feelin the fresh breeze on my ears. Got MUHS shag right now haha
I think the sound of that mans gross throat noises beats the smell..
Electric Youth, Like A Prayer, and Faith are my fave 80s albums.
Just finished watching #thehelp and feels very appreciate of all the unsung heros of the civil rights movement.
I pretty much <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3> my last final <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> that's gonna fuck up my GPA like a mug!
I didn't even realize how cute he was till I got closer, I was hoping I didn't sound ignorant for not knowing sh*t about a car. Too late.
Just sent your info to my very dear and old friend who is a super shark-- will keep you posted
RT : SAN ANTONIO!! Tonight, join at KLUSOZ and at PEPPER.
Music publishing is the business of acquiring, protecting, administering and exploiting the rights in musical compositions.
Thank you very much. :)
Where can we get some good breakfast in Nashville?
Whose ready for the Halloween show tomorrow ;) gonna go dressed in my cave woman costume and cause some ruckus!!!
Safe for walking? Every 7 minutes a pedestrian is killed by a vehicle in the U.S.
hell to the fucking yeah.... Holla
Team didn't show up.. Another win for BGBT but kinda bummed that I didn't get to play.
can you please make 's morning & follow him? (: pretty please?
WASHINGTON (AP) 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington, New York City, North Carolina
we're gonna play Birmingham, AL on 4/2...come join us!! www.mistakesweremademusic.com
Flying today, which means I couldn't be happier.
don't you nO who i am who i am but i am not a category
I hated school. Even to this day, when I see a school bus it's just depressing to me. The poor little kids. - Dolly Parton
yesterday teas AWESOME!:) haha so stoked for Harry's maybe response:3<3
I don't say this enough, but my dad is such an inspiration to me. I love him.
got my #amasin shirt tonight. great game, fantastic atmosphere, amasin win.
man this weater at the chi-town !!!!! is amazing bout to do some raw
thanks I think
Happiness is a state of mind. That means it’s a decision, not a coincidence. So today, decide to be happy!
Last keg of Imperial Scotch was just tapped at the brewpub! Come get some before it's all gone!
Loved Avengers!!
You know you're at a fancy restaurant when they have voss on the menu for $7
Happy St Patty's. Errands, performance in VA, back in time to maybe make it out???
Rough day at the office?
I would go more with "Break glass in case stated position becomes politically untenable."
no, but thanks for letting me know!
Way to go ! Nice win
lovin the sour patch
wise words! :)
pretty good. How's yours?
I know it will come to a shock to you all... but I did not win the lottery tonight. Maybe next week?
I'd rather go blind ...lol
Heading to Dville in the morning to see my all time fav UK player! here we come! Can't wait!! #bright&early
I've literally done nothing all day xD haha
The employees have to pick up after you, and most places have No Soliciting signs that you are blatantly flaunting /2
okay, good. Cos I re-read it and still didn't see it. But I like the idea!
picture when it's built
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 48F OVERCAST
The wells are going dry: 55 families in Chupadero, north of Santa Fe, are running out of water. Tonight, there'll be an emergency meeting.
My bad it's Flopanari
Hopefully the UK softball team will receive an at-large bid into the NCAA Tournament.
hope ur alright!! Let's grab a drink tonight babe!
FHP troopers part of safe-driving crackdown
I'm driving through the French Quarter. There are 2 chickens crossing the road. Really.
Pinterest is Now the No. 3 Social Network in the U.S. [STUDY]
My mom bought me The Vow.<U+E418><U+E328><U+E00E>
Mila Kunis should play Johanna in the Catching Fire movie.
prob no streams but #THATCamp hashtag is v. active and open during camps, as well as website.
how long have u had walking lessons 4?
That awkward moment when a 60 year old women is skinny as a twig but has the biggest, grossest ass in the world.
I think i am in the minority..i gave it a half...i cannot get into these #Duke uniforms
doing mindless clerical work wishing our support staffer had not been cut...
nope, I snuck an earbud under my hair today, unable to stop listening to "Catching Fire" at an Irish Coffee fest! No one noticed
Yeah, I didn't dvr it but I know it comes back on later. So, I'll watch it then. I love Holder. He's the main reason I watch.
I'm lookin for a engineer in the Miami Miami Beach area if that's you hit me back!
...so many good songs...this was a favorite for me. So very sad...
tHANK YOU SIR! WHEN WILL YOU BE BACK IN cHICAGO?
today, beat the heat & check our my newest exhibit, Urbis Octaptych. While your there, be sure to take in ell the museum has 4 U
Playing a cheating wife today - trying to justify my actions. - 'He didn't fix the dishwasher so . . .' Glad this isn't my real life!
#ideas2action could we do an OLI like class for a TLT project?
Just go done finish riding the dragon
Oh, just waiting for my refund check to dry...
And I am almost home. Thankful. Maybe I'll even catch a little of the Blazer game.
how much more longer do we have to suffer getting disconnected? and please take the M203 out of classic mode. please and thank you.
Had tons of fun tonight! Super great women, amazing cake, delicious drinks (she-tinis), swag goodies. Thanks Darnell!
Good morning cali
My sister is watching #HP7p2 widout for the midnite showing and she barely thought about me Rite now but she's still going...WTF! I HATE HER
EVERYONE GET VERIFIED FOLLOW HIM PLZZZZZZZ HES THE COOLEST GUY ON TWITTER
RIP Davy Jones :(
...2. There is no way to fake 3 musicians all playing down a song live, no way to make a plug-in for "feel."
hey! were an organization that connects fans to bands that saved their lives. The Cab is one of our bands! check us out?
There is always surprises around every corner.
That's correct. It wont be long before registration is open, though. :)
but then you'd go to prison and could never ever see us again!
Scott Steiner tweets are hilarious only thing keeping me on twitter right now
austin you are magical, lyrical, beautiful, candy,hot
Will do. We will miss seeing you. Enjoy your evening watching your boy.
anyone know how to stop spams from being send through my account??? :/
depends if yu gon b a crooked cop or not....
you go girl do the damn thing
Thank you so much for blogging about my session!
Just dropped my dad off at the bar. I'm gonna be his ride home later, too. Guess I'm the parent tonight!
Don't play with NOBODY's feelings.
Ready for 11!
Vest: barriers to opportunity in higher ed are public perception & cost
Drying dishes and humming the spiral mountain theme song. I wish I knew why, but I like it.
Correction my 'exiting' has subsided I am now excited to see
You really called yourself king? HAHA,wow Well,I'm booked all weekend so does that make me #craftbeerprincess?
anyone know if RTM is streaming their speakers this year?
honestly I don't know. I'm exhibiting.
Very cool! Great minds think alike and all that :D
It's weird that she's blacker than me but her son looks Mexican,she must've been selling that pussy
WE ARE ALL TIME HIGH!!! OH YES.
oh man ! I didn't notice you were on </3
no problem(:
Take that in. So smart.
haha a bit it seems. It's cute and funny. Happy new year!
Celine Deon sings to me at night.
Thanks very much! Will do my best. Cheers!
Live in Chicago and love giving back to #charity? Check out and give back on every purchase at no expense to you.
True this :O ": why do people edit pictures of ICONic Boyz? Why edit something that's already perfection??"
Hey! It's Supervisor #Tagger! We're ready to call our international alumni, so #lookoutworld!
U WELCOME :)
thanks for listing us!
Tonight get outta the rain and head out to Sutra Lounge for Electric Candy: free entry, drink specials, and special guest DJ Andre Perry!
It's Tuesday, Tuesday, Gotta do a hop on Tuesday. (:<U+2764>
When I had a job I gave it to ppl like crazy but that shit aint happening no more.
Working on it. just got a new comissary that only allows us to use their facility at night.
I laughed out loud. How true!
Not tonight. Stacking paper at Vulcan.
AWHH THE ONLY REASON IM ON TWITTER IS BECUZ OFF YOU!
overheard: "I'm like, 'look here, shakeweight'"
OMG! Today I watch' #TheEdge #love -
lmao that's what I said I was like wtf!!!
#Stocks extend rally for second day. #Dow adds 180 points. #Nasdaq and S&P both gain more than 1.3%.
Do u think the flyers will do good Haha I am a flyers fan who lives in Mesa but is from Philly
My dogs are literally fighting over a pillow.. hahah.
Lovin the BET awards. I love Chris Brown, Nick M, Mary J dang I love em all!
The Museum would like to thank Carol Berardi for an amazing #BusTrip to : it was beautiful :)
Last high school performance ever today :(
Nothing like listening to a bunch of country CDs while drinking some beers.
They'll blow it in the tournament. Holy Cross Part II.
better be <U+E00D>
Are we able to download apps to the new windows phone?
AWW! Busy, but a lull is near! I owe us a recipe for the June swap!
Stressed out... between work, school, job searching and group projects... I need spring break now more than ever.
The only info I've had waiting for me is my payment info!
REASONSTOBEATYOURGIRLFRIEND ...IT SHOULD BE
Do I like cats? Why? lol
yeah whats yo email I can send u some work I've done, but the new stuff I haven't posted yet
This year actually went by so fast. hope next year does too.
sharon needles
he's kind of a jackass >.>
Pre-Hunger Games Stress is starting to kick in.
I goes with the $ Salas took from BP, AIG, payday loan co's, pawn shops, insurance, banks, medical ins, oil cos, casinos, etc #chulavista :(
I tell the baristas at starbucks my name is Lauren. Its pretty self explanitory why I do it haha
I just read that Amy Winehouse died, what a sad sad tragedy.
Your bio says: "I do drugs & drink" well aren't you fucking awesome.......<U+E00E>
Oh yeah trending wolrdwide
((((We're number 3)))) on the ReverbNation Blues charts for Jacksonville, FL. www.reverbnation.com/rufar0 thanx fans!
Seasons change...goodbye baby greens, well almost...asurption by an eggplant!!
So are we! MT Amazing MM concert last night! blew me away. Full house! Glad there's an audience for modern music.
Gotta love it!!
According to Opta, Midfielder/forward Darlington Nagbe leads the team with an 88.2 percent completion rate on his passes.
Shout out all my luh niggas that's graduating this year
Florence + The Machine was breath taking opening up
We just hired our first employee! Glad to be contributing to our local economy! Welcome Brian!
Convinced donors to purchase hardware for mobile initiative (happy dance in my chair)!
Yeah baby RT Three words - Super. Bowl. Sunday.
I'm tempted, trust me...
Yep spending the day working from a park. Missed this nice weather.
Damn it im catchin anotha cold
RT Lady gaga was in our rendition of midsummer night's dream. Houston - it's worth it.
Only 18 away from 1000 likes! Please help us to get to 1000 so we can start the celebration!!!
So confused as to what day it is... thought it was Thursday but it's not!
wakin up to sex >>>>
Troubling to me was description of what baby was wearing when last seen-her street clothes, not sleeping clothes-didn't compute.
“: where ?” Over a bridge . Near that building in Dayton that's like a giant mirror .
Fuck I love his package!
Can't shake the eye twitch today
#Radiohead's #TheKingofLimbs got pushed up to today. It's out now, check your download code's people! What do you think of it?
Thinking the ppl behind most of the "Christian" dating websites are probably atheists looking for get PAID! SMH
Why you been hiding? Are you going to the Teenhoot?
eating fish is important business. cc
You owe it to everyone you love to find pockets of tranquility in your busy world
do you take reservations?
The little Opera girl on DWTS is freaking me out!! Prodigy or poltergeist?
Yes I was! and I had a gr8 time! RT : Did I just see that you were at a winery and a brewery today?
I need him to complete passes, I have Steve Smith on my fantasy team!
Breaking: RT Found the first Cali pinot that made me think, hmm. << :)
Being here on UM's campus makes me miss and long for those carefree days. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Great Nia isn't gna walk in this weather. Thats a relief
Heading back to Chicago Saturday to Wrigley Field for Cubs game- killer seats behind the dugout!
I JUST GOT HIRED AT ONE OF THE HOTEST RESTAURANT / CLUBS IN SAN FRANCISCO AS A COOK!!!!!! I am shaking. Start Dec 2nd.
AUSTIN KILLED IT !!
The Hampton's were fun this week..goodbye beach...thanks JLev412..
successful first day of beauty school, now off to the gym. afterwards i wanna frolic in this beautiful weather.... whose with me?
God blessed the broken road that lead me straight to you.
Triple Ho Show Tomorrow!
Arrrgggh! RT : Buy a pirate ship scallywag. Jobbie will never be the same
Can you bring those gauges tomorrow?! It'd be kind of like a Birthday present. c:
And rounding out the fun on the #AsiaTrinity Tour, Taiwan!
i cant wait for the new video
Cause every minute you start switching up & you say things like you don't give a fuck then I say through with you.
Go Saints!
Today is #Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day. We remember those who have fallen and those who have fought to keep this country free.
RT : Vietnamese authorities mandate Google, Facebook and other Internet companies to assist in online censorship -...
How to procrastinate without FB? I joined a bunch of online dating sites. Yes, I'm pathetic....
Galveston defeats Northeast 7-6. 1st day of the Region XIV Tournament is now in the books
Headed to Phoenix where I'll be shooting the newest music video, with the team
some how I knew u would say tht!!! 0.o lol
I Hope Cashdro Can Handle All That Ass!
Thank you! Is there an email address to submit to? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis,
worked great. So did Twitter. Thanks.
My families thought and prayers are with you bro
I'm a kozo enthusiast 4 sure! I revere huge handmade Iwano sheets. About 2 try Nishinouchi & Wakichi & more from &U?
Ever wonder how could Rihanna still do music with Chris Brown.... Beats the hell outta me too ....
Madonna ticket prices are outrageous
My head feels like a lava lamp...
Okay. I can admit it. I kind of enjoyed Scream 4.
“Be the change that you wish to see in the world.” <U+2015> Mahatma Gandhi
Ugh!! I need this month to go by fast!
RT : Tomorrow night: Jump for Autism fundraiser at SkyZone in Fishers from 5-8pm. Please join us!
Lol Uk. It
So good fried with some bacon grease in a cast-iron skillet!
Well... what are you waiting for? We'd love to see you =)
Looking forward to at tomorrow. It's a one-man Macbeth done with voices/characters from "The Simpsons." Neat!
I tried bartini was closed :( I saw Jeff one of the bartenders though
CONGRATS to my beautiful, amazing, smart, talented friend for getting her dream job. SO proud of you, celebrations commence ASAP
just checked. your nfl sundat tix account should work in Mexico. I live in mexico also and get all MLB games from mlb.com
well that's not possible since someone is going home this weekend >:l
Awesome! I Not The Only Person! Lol
I really like Achison. No flash, just quick no-nonsense delivery and decent results. Also can pitch multiple innings.
sadly, I missed the game tonight. Don't tell anybody
Earlier today I got the chance to help out with their next record so I can't wait to hear what they do with it
I'm gonna fail Anatomy.
HAHAHA right?! It happens though!
My little bro likes a girl. It's just too cute to handle
Playing spot the librarian while at the conference is too easy. I'll just critique what people are wearing , much more fun!
Need a few more #designers for #mobileapp #game to round off our team!
Worst Oscars ever. And they ended it appropriately bad.
Exec. Chef Shawn Smith showcased our best last night! His shaved beef w/roasted peppers and goat cheese was delish!
indeed i shall :) it's honestly a very cool product! i'm already planning our private demo party lol
Night of Worship on FRIDAY OCTOBER 14! 7:30pm at Christ For The Nations Institute!
Annoyed with almost everyone tonight
i 4 real can't shake it. I'm gonna die, i need help....#IDONTWANNAWAIT!
Some mid/large NSF programs require project training; Peter suggests this could include data management trainers in budgets #rdap12 Hm.
When I saw that "Purple Rain" is trending, I automatically thought about Ariana <3
Guys... Can't live with them, Can't live without them...
ur the greatest. Giving it my all. Too much to do to listen to "projected timetables" ...God isn't ready 4 me to checkout yet!
lol - still figuring this whole thing out :P
will be on iCarly and SNL tonight! Proud of how far they've come. :)
Cookies n Milk and watching Sweet Home Alabama I love this movie
Oh haha! I used to hang out with my friends everyday too. But that distracted me from painting, so I cut down the socializing.
Today has been a busy day!!! Tech for theses seems to be in good swing!!! SPADE tech is joining in the fun tomorrow!
Problem: Home alone, need to talk some things out for a final school project. Solution: cat just got a lecture on AJAX and Ruby on Rails.
"Wonder if Pilarz wants to car pool on the way back?" #iwish!
No kidding!
Friendship needs no words - it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness. - Dag Hammarskjold
That she want a photo you already know though you only live once thats the motto nigga YOLO
You would never know if you could ever be if you never try you would never see.
Six months later and finally making the long-awaited chalkboards. Thankful my kids are patient.
I've been so terrible about tweeting lately. Life has been insane. Hopefully things get back to normal soon.
A couple of our favorite "regulars" stopped in 2nite, told them what we've got planed for Fri Sat nights - live music! They were pumped!
#ThingsILookFor loyalty, honesty and respect.
A Woman was GOD's gift to Man. Putting a pretty bow on myself and letting GOD do the giving. No returns...
Why must the working teachers of #CA pay 4the misconduct of a twisted pervert &the incompetence of #LAUSD leadership?
just got home from work
RT This If You Will Always Support No Matter What! (: <3
myself & 12 other students are very excited for tomorrow!
Follow my sister she needs it haha. love you sis (;
END THE FED, I'm chanting at HOME
Holy cow ATL!!!
You know you're studying good when you have dreams about what you're studying. Being in the
yeah man that's really all I could do... And it worked.
's Americone Dream, the ice cream of the future. Have an urge to get one now. IT'S A TRAP
Hi Dan! Would love to talk to you about help building communities for our authors and genres!
Concert @ Seaport Village 2pm. The Divisional Youth Music Arts group performing! Go have a nice day by the sea and enjoy some tunes!
we're hanging out with our asains
Working on a 'speaks out' segment for with and trying to get a quote from and Amy Poehler
Awesomesauce! Thanks for listening!
is beautiful (': <333333
Dude, right!
You're awesome Bethany! Thanks for snapping it! :)
for eva yung....
hi i love u so much me n my friend love you so much plz plz go to dms (deltona middle school) in deltona FL.
rest in peace big man
Too many penalties, too many softspots on the o-line. We did some good things though - could be an exciting season to watch.
Well duh--lightbulbs help you see, but beers help you see DOUBLE. Twice as useful.
Wheels up!! Headed home.
"And to you, suh," I replied as he walked away. I made my way into the lobby, where the crowd was so thick I had to cut through it.
broken heart. I need to learn to quit trusting certain guys I guess.
We are staying at the Springhill Suites in Buckhead. Someone suggested Shula's.
thanks, buddy. I got it taken care of. 100 rejections? Sounds about average for higher ed! :)
Just made mean comments at gov brownback and told him he sucked, in person
so iguess everyones seeing boobs on twitter o.O
Its better to let go and see if they come back than to hold on and see if they let go. .....---
I'm a zombie. I've had enough caffeine to wake up my face, but beyond my engaged expression there is a cloudy abyss
Things could get real interesting soon.
At School .
gonna be a causal saturday. X l
A girl's pretty face can be destroyed but an ugly personality.
Had a dream last night that my motorcycle caught fire. I can't believe how sad I was.
My muse has returned. I missed her so much!
#SD skyline, beautiful end to an amazing trip
im here i inboxed you my new number
go 4 it
saw a beautiful cello recital tonight, very inspiring. but who on earth still uses a disposable camera these days? so funny
Realized I posted a cat photo on V-Day. Next, I'll buy a single frozen dinner and Fancy Feast to really bring home the Cat Lady schtick.
Wanted by is beautiful!
how do you do that? all caps?
RT SPEAK DIRTY TO ME, GAMEDAY!
Unfortunately, the big business now is the teaching of answers, not questions. What we should be fostering is curiosity.
Playing the Turning Stone Empire State Hold'em Main Event starting Saturday. May play some side events on Tue/wed If I bust early.
it was so wonderful seeing you last night. Thanks for swinging by!!
John Starks vs the Rockets wants JR Smith to stop shooting!
SXSW will be here before you know it!!
And on the 7th Day Andrew Shaw still had 3 points! No rest needed!
Random phone numbers be texting me in spanish?
WoW. that is great. How can you help me do the same. Great
I can tell...it's going to be one of those days where i just want to light somebody's face on fire and try putting it out with a fork!!
That's why I work in bed now.
- helping Baltimore residents, schools, businesses, and communities of faith save energy & money!
Since when did dressing like you're 60 become a fad? I'm confused.
A has burned this building down many a time as a Bruin. Sightlines dont bother him...
yayayaayayayayay! might to for a walk with my bestfriend (:
but you spiteful lol
Cannot wait to get out of Knoxville on Wednesday!
still using bitly here because it's the only shortener that's platform independent...
Interesting...DM about this?
Can't believe the weekend is already over! What are some things you did over the weekend?
Merry Christmas all you Twits! Have a safe and Happy New Year, even you #Ravens fans, be safe! Go #Steelers!
Delaware Florida Georgia..Hawaii Idaho Illinois IN-diana...
Off to Pyramid Lake for camping and fishing.
(At the same time, you might note that Egyptian government actually killed 11 people yesterday)
yes...gettin inspired right now:)
And Niall's nickname is kyle too! Hahah wow! Im ss brilliant!
Phrase to your father.
Have you ever pranked or dared someone with an Original Juan hot sauce?
Do plentiful acts of spontaneous actions classify you as weird?
yu goin back home for the break?
I know better follow me back
wut. ianna. pregnant? how'd that happen.
Bravo-! Dr. Meriter performance was awesome, also enjoyed Froedt Rogers - 'I've always wanted to learn candy-striping'
Tomorrow is our Thanksgiving feast for #PALS' PLACE, #respite program for #Teens with #Autism! YIPPPEEE
Don't b racist b a panda they white, black, n asian :)
why do white people ruin everything lmfao
trying to learn how to use Twitter!
That pic is simply delicious!
“: I'm over the #cocacola #superbowl ads. IT'S NOT CHRISTMAS!” Yep, kinda cute but BORING.
Our composer is recording final score in Bulgaria. http:www.petrginz.com
I love when I win the what's the top story on game and I play every night.
This weekend #NASCAR #KNWest racing w/ in Stockton, CA!! That'll be a fun 12hr drive!! :) can't wait
um....what about Rondo?
Dear mom and dad, we should go see The Avengers next week. Black Veil Brides has a song in it. Sincerely, someone part of the BVB army.
what!? you should! those losers! <3 hope your there next time when they relize that they were stupid
Is a TV show getting canceled the same as it not getting picked up for more eps? Seems the first could be unordering already ordered eps.
Here are some press release opportunities our artists have participated in! goo.gl/z9j3T
People always think I'm wearing makeup when I'm not that's just my sun burned face
comedy central roasts are really harsh. but funny.
We're actually located in Downtown #Sacramento! Thanks so much for the endorsement !
my ipod is only playing j-pop...makes me wanna watch bleach
oh god, I don't even want to imagine that
Love your background image! So pretty!
cool! she have a great advantage if she takes some tips from you
Great to connect! What's on the menu this holiday?
Wahoo! I love it. Always looking for good brunch spots and a good bloody Mary. Surprised about Smyth too, may have to try.
Other #sxsw panelists should take notes from great job! Good energy presenting #sbd social & business
I cannot thank you enough for that beautiful documentary. It was simply amazing
Last of the Butter Pecans
Cancer expert Jacob Scott says med school admissions too strict, weed out great ppl. More art is needed in science, he says.
Know what will help you get through hump day? A vegan donut of course! It'll put a smile on your face on this dreary morning
Couple of broadcast ADDYs for and one for
brewers game tonite with the besties!!!!!!!!!!!! i love a girls night out!!!!!
Look at those tits behind the coyotes bench...............
#MyGraduationSpeech I don't give a fuck, I didn't give a fuck, and will never give a fuck. Thank you class of 2012 I never did like you
Don't mary a "MAN/WOMAN" unless you would be proud to have a "SON/DAUGHTER exacly like HIM/HER.
DUDE!!! LOL! Thanks, man. I owe you one. (Again.)
Currently in Cordoba! Are you coming?
soo, your with jake I hear? Aha. I just saw keian and Chucky at Walmart.
Late to work, but Idc really they know id be a little slow moving today!
While you on my face I can read to mind like avant
You won't regret it! It's now the only printed thing I subscribe to.
The Murder Mystery Company is now open in nine major cities across the U
Can't wait to be home
beat ya to it! haha
So deeply disappointed in you North Carolina.
glad you had fun at the Tyga concert. Just read there was a shooting at his show in Nebraska. One if his people got injured :(
I've been craving 4 the longest now, I guess a lil cheating wouldn't hurt my diet lol.....
My biggest fear is loosing you
#RickPerry did a good job on Gretta tonight.
I like the new girl in my Group :) She's so Funny .
Yay! I'm sure you can let out a BIG sigh of relief now. RT : The house, she is SOLD. Man that feels good.
Sitting in office talking comps with Good conversation.
Jammin' to the new #Tanlines album in the office right now! It's really great and up on #Spotify!
20 dogs would freak my dog out, haha. 1-2, she's fine with, but yeah. She also was on the street so bit of a nervous nelly
Being tied to a chair . Haha she didn't tie it good !
Thinking about saving up to buy cowboy/steelers tickets so my grandparents can go... Even though I'm not a big fan of either!!!
I want to go back to sleep.
Fuck. This is just great :'/
I love u but u hate me so the song tht keeps runnin through my head is forget you so buh bye
like forreal I almost dropped my phone...you can send all proofs to me lol
Everything I was tagged in as Nejila am I no longer tagged as NJYLA?!? Hm.... New spelling = new rules?
Like #Packers pick Jerel Worthy. Thought he would go earlier. Good versatile hybrid DL for their 3-4. Cullen Jenkins replacement?
: i know. :( & in women's clothing store at fashion valley mall. Lolz well you better write it.
honey-bbq frito twists >
Got that shit right
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 26
Saw Van Gogh Up Close (focusing on fields, forest, and flowers) at the PMA. I love how the layers of paint glisten on many of the pictures.
Great article. That is why I recommend hosted QuickBook solutions such as
#NBAPLAYOFFS I HATE THE LAKERS SO MUCH!!!!!
Watched you in Grimm!!! GREAT job! :) So exciting!!!! <3
Our care should not be to have lived long as to have lived enough
fantastic! Just sent over my resume. Thanks!
#bucks thats better
Agreed. He's great, but I just have a feeling. It could go the other way.
Safe all around!
“: We love sports because of its ability to surprise us. Thank you, Jeremy Lin.” agree!
havtn been on in forever,,, dont really know the point of this anyway :P
Tax Section meeting starting off w defined contributions update with and stay tuned for updates!
Peyton Manning to the Broncos.
Robin Green~ I have seen men fly bombers with their faces half- blown away. Youre going to allow a few algebra formulas to ground you
celebrating ur anniversary
One million total fans and followers of across all social media channels
for what its worth agree on #dl10 considering we will add session numbers. short is good
Obsessed with DrawSome. Goodbye, life.
Proposes elimination of monetary liability for works that can be id'ed, documentation must be provided in an open fashion
Sampling the savory CheesesofFrance at the pop-up
That's an ugly little dog!
checking in 14th, checking out 17th?
Most of us agreed we're going business casual and considering nice jeans on some days.
Thank you so much :) RT : congratulations on winning your title! And thank you for the sweet compliment xoxo
Ready, Set, Go... ! One day before DjangoFest NW. More fantastic opportunities to connect within the microcosmic Gypsy world.
It's super obvious that if you put that you're edge in your bio more people will like you.
At waffel house seeing my friends!
..God be with you and yours as well!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Hannah has been busy.. :(
“: The problem with #Aries is they often act before they think.” true but reading book. Learning
proved that he is the real man at Extreme Rules and is the face of the wwe ExtremeRules was Epic
yea, about to roll out..
She hung up like i cared..lmao tf
WE MISSED YOUR FOLLOWING SPREE:(
"Oh George, the times will be so pleased"
I take it at Elite Gymnastics
#usmnt. A team playing together. With grace & humility.
Why did you put a two? Is that just to make fun of my accent?
Saints opener, Bears for Christmas dinner. SIGN ME UP!
I think you should do whatever the hell you want!! How's that??
makes sense. thanks for the info!
So disappointed in latest online shopping haul :(
Well you gotta admit that if the republicans hadn't destroyed it I'm the 1st place Obama would have a easier time with it.
English, Portugues, Espanol, and more... What language do you like ? Tell us!
I care too much sometimes :/
aw lol i bet your excited to have a little sister !
thanks looks like a useful site. Will submit from a computer not a BB.
I haven't seen that one yet. It does look like fun.
How do you relax?
i cant wait for youre next album Believe. its gonna be truly amazing more than anything
lmao bully assembly today, hilarious.
Ladies with hair color be sure to protect your locks from the sun by using super skinny serum. Tweet me. Details www.hairinthecity.me
Beautiful New Profile Pic I'm Gonna See Bereavment Soon It Looks A Little Creepy Thogh lol
I can't stop watching the news tonight. Cory Booker is excellent as usual on Rachel Maddow tonight.
Family Guy was too funny tonight I'm so bored wishing I could talk to <U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E32A><U+E32D><U+E32B>
I love wine .
Our resolution for the year is to offer another year of amazing productions! Happy New Year's Banananimanics!
I had to ask my grandma yesterday if it was 2011 or 2012 .. Lmao shows how much we know
. also, more communication. Facebook/twitter highlighting marac and institution events and opportunities
“: Happy birthday to my Whoadie!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ”Thanks Homie Come 2 Peanuts Tonight!!!!
goodrock.com new releases from
RT : I seriously have no patience. LET'S GO
also, by some cosmic fluke we haven't met at a meetup yet
Yay.! I wake up one morning and have my own bathroom.!!! No more sharing with my mom.!!!:D
RT : every wed at 5pm till midnight: Tipped employee appreciation night. 20% discount for folks who receive tips for a living!
Thanks, Miriam. I know so many people working on overlapping issues (at Emory and outside) and Twitter could be a +
Huge props to both Lt Egan & Rebecca Stirrett and their respective colleagues. All were super helpful & kind.
Btw your analysis made me glad I avoided my fantasy league's melee over the acquiring of Humber.
What Up? Let's get it poppin!!
This is my last day For reals this time. I'm very sad to go but also very excited to return to NYC in 14 days!!!
Am-MAZ-ing southeastern foodie dinner last night. James Beard society hosted it, flew chefs in from everywhere. Over 30 courses from heaven.
thinking is important. at least from what I remember ...
All those who followed me back are cool as hell.
Thanks to Young Jean lee and John Green for a great conversation!
that is AWESOME
New words I've learned from listening to Tommy Missus: shot chugging and brew pounding. Or maybe I heard that wrong....
Funky diabetic
My mama fav saying: "I'm down the street " but then it takes her more than 10 min to get from "down the street " smh & I'm still waiting !!
BTW.... Christian Bale, not headlines or Newsies, sells papes.
Can't say I'm surprised.. Smh.
writing a killer new song. going to hibernate in the studio on this foggy day and make something
I think I need a break from teaching.
thank you. You too
i'll have to order that next time...
Don't make me swing on you bro.
Happiness is 750 ab reps at the gym yesterday plus weight training & cardio, happiness is the day after soar abs! Happiness is life!!!
Just scared he ticked off too many Steelers and fans
Did you take the GMAT already? Baby is due on July 6th. We think he will come sooner.
RT : Just the trailer-did that makes its way 2dvd? I'm not sure.I'm actually producing a docu FF
where is citizen history disc happening?
what's your favorite summer camp memory?
I think Maria got the last iPad 2 in Rochester :)
great seeing you this afternoon! loved the suggestion 4 a post about useful egg substitions :) -lisa
Just read your post about you G+ Disney hangout. You are my new hero!
. Thank you. I didn't know this. See I put a period in front. :)
- very much on the mend. Still tires easily, but she's still a handful!
meeting them?! or just seeing LOOOL
i herd that you talked about when we were best friends. How do you think that made me feel? Well that pissed me off a little!
Looking forward to a great weekend at
AH!!!! I need tht book now!!! I want Peeta and Katniss together soo bad!
Sounds fabulous! RT Nothing to do on this rainy Saturday but to write my little heart out and drink some fabulious
who is going to watch tonight? vote for the best.,,, are left
TX for the #econdev #ff. These folks are great -
Sounds like you guys have had a busy week so far. Swing in after the show tonight and re fuel for tomorrow.
Sending healing & strength.
My tempeture is super high if I scream if I cry that's only cause I feel alive !!
laser quest today <U+E415>
When you completely miss the way your life once was.
Thanks, much appreciated!
if you pay too much attention to hate they win...they bring you down. too much love in the world to deal with that nonsense. be positive
Yo, is there anyway a team beside the sorry @$$ Deadskins can draft RG3? His career is already over on Thursday...smh in disgust..
Its okay you ain't got to much longer
Rest man! Sitting in my sis's big leather chair w/my feet up watching movies.
Jay Sean - Home
Thinking about how fun it will be to go hiking after work. Long live daylight savings time!
Hope you all have Voted or gonna Vote today. Express your power. :)
I must have done something right to be mentioned among giants. I'm not sure what it is, but thanks for noticing, Kat. :)
Bout to take n shower n get ready for work excited
so at kates drinking beer and smoking...
Aw...barf. RT 'Bachelor' Casey's Boyfriend Speaks Out on Their Relationship sns.mx/W6iNy1
Night night guys! Xo
"Ellie Mae Clampitt" from the old TV series "The Beverly Hillbillies" stopped by our Booth today and loved our toffee!
Mistake by Kennedy and Portland scores.
Need a break from biology !!! It's driving me crazy D:
Bro, are you at the Cracker Barrel?
Am I the only one that's more surprised about the Cosette casting than the Eponine? I thought they wanted really young for Cosette.
Every room needs a whiteboard!
I hate when people talk about how much they hate JB when they're right in front of me. And then they call me a lesbian because I like him :/
jack daniels all night.
YES! please write more!?
she at home just go over there ill be there later
Dick Cheney is recovering from a heart transplant. I have serious doubts he even had a heart to begin with.
God is the Truth.
Easter brunch starts now Bloody's, Mimosa's, full brunch menu plus biscuits and gravy plus a ham dinner with scalloped potatoes
Extra! Extra! Read all about it! Moody teenager doesn't want to wake up or do anything and just wants to sleep!
Goodness gracious; it was HOTT! Had to use 2 "T"s lol...
Clearing cache fixed my 'export to csv' problem. thanks.
I'm so good a what i do til i can take something in your closet you don't even care to wear and make it your favorite piece of clothing!
“: ¦R¦E¦T¦W¦E¦E¦T¦ if you're online & want more followers. #TeamFollowBack #F4F (follow me & i'll help you) #TFB”
beat the rain!! Come to the Residency talk at LegalArt tonight at 7pm. Artists will share their experiences in residencies worldwide.
#Kb24 Going off today on The Nuggets! Gotta love the #Nbaplayoffs! On a side Note! Good luck to store 777 tonight in Their game!
So sad, but if he were my fam I wouldn't want him playing. Is he done playing all together? Don't feel like going thru TL ;)
#HipHopEd 'm braggin/Usin' Weezy to teach history/while y'all still mad his pants saggin'
nigga u high
On Nov. 21, 1864, Mr. Lincoln wrote a letter in which he spoke of "a sacrifice upon the altar of freedom."
loosed.damit unbound. the shackles taken off.lol
When are you doing the giveaway? Weren't you goin to do that with the interview?
aye gurl, dontchu even think about runnin away or I'll grapple hook you
Lance is a fake dude.
You make me want to relieve myself.
when u make a video does your director plot out the whole video or do u get 2 put your own ideas into the video 2?? LOVE EM ALL XOXO
Fired red can be seen Oct 6th montage music hall. Opening for eve to Adam
I watched #PrettyLittleLiars last might and was kind of disappointed about Mona. But on a real note, can we have a masquerade party?
Zing! RT Never change Wilson Betemit!
oh okaai hope you feel better ugh crying..
blood drive this friday! 200 motor parkway hauppauge ny. 11am - 4pm. email to schedule or just walk in.
thanks Dean!
Smart. Self-respecting. Caring for kids. Too much at stake here.
cold pizza is my kryptonite! I love Chinese food; for some reason, not leftover. Unless it's fried rice! Xo xo
And I'm looking forward to attending! It's going to be a very interesting day! #DS2012 Anyone else out there going?!
SI on Antoine Walker "[His] goal was to return to the NBA, to get what the D-League insists on branding a 'Gatorade Call Up'..."
when are u going to start a blog on the resturants u visit on ur two-wheeler? Maybe call it "food, bikes and the road"
If people have free time tomorrow, there is a great "artist lists" show at the National Portrait Gallery from their archives.
I should be comin over!
WHAT THE F%$# IS GOING ON DOWN THERE.
Please tell Courtney I said hello and welcome! I will be over @ 4:00 for the welcome gathering.
he thought it was very funny!!
wow i wouldnt want to be there in the summer lol
Hey, I need 1 more follower today...why not you?
Why is J Cole having beef with Diggy Simmons for. Tht boy is 17 years old now. Lol ithink their situation Is funny as heck
i love when people say "hardcore" music has no meaning and rap does....what the hell is wrong with you?
Believe is wearing his Orange & Blue tie tonight on the #NBCnightlynews in homage to
Thanks! Glad you like the site and the article too!
": that means I'm getting an A! Party" im gonna have to side with ray on this one
after giving people the freedom to change their legal and physical gender identity simply because they want to
Cassandra! Love the hair but the tat??? Yikes.
you are the toughest road manager of all time! (The award show will follow)
Rolling Thunder followed by Rolling car alarms followed by me yelling oh that was close !
RT: This Monday stuff is for the birds. Give us a beer please. >>> oh yes 4:00 can't come fast enough
yeahhuh :D how are you today? (:
Double yeah! RT Yeah! got renewed!
Honestly, I don't know what I am...other than human.
IT'S FRIDAY, TIME 2 KRANK IT UP!!!!!
Everyone plz excuse these wack messages I been hacked or some shit
Listening to 's new book. All girl ghostbusters movie remake. Ha! I would love that!
thank you for follow me
Off to bed I go....some work to do in the morning....but im hungry so im going to make me a sandwhich...video blog coming soon as well
Woo THUNDER!!!!!! yeh baby!
Booked suites at TheHotel for Dec 8-9. First 2 nights of the 3 City 4 Day Tour
Happy Halloween!!
I noticed ur new book Flavor First has ORAC values. How would u explain what that is 4 those who may not know?
A big shoutout & thank you to a certain goodfellow Captain
The Elacc house is looking amazing! The food is starting to smell good! come hang out with us and support our #StreetVendorFundraiser .
something like that! It looks pretty though! Just a little red underneath.
So good to see yesterday... I really missed the most... But he keeps calling me a doll!!!
FFA trip was awesome! Just got done shopping, now at Wal-Mart for groceries. All in all, ended up being a great day. :)
cashing out !
Having a blast editing Brit Laurén Manor for my webseries "On Blind Faith"!
The lines at Walmart are always long. Like wtf, where are all y'alls workers?
Looking to work with 10 ppl to help them reach 6 figures within a yr. Call for details in the most lucrative industry 1-646-397-9817
like you, he can't stop napping
It's been too long since I walked around my hood. Said hello to the cat as it waited for fish/frogs, the muskrat, the red-winged blackbirds.
You know who's hot? Drew just completes Degrassi for me! (;
Happy Birthday ! (:
Hahaha! Me too :) What's Up? What r u doing?
Not at all. If like in the case of the RT there was absolutely ZERO context for the comment shared it wouldn't be meaningful.
Old guys do well in the playoffs.
Lack of sleep can weaken your immunity-go get some rest!
I'll be there early for some mimosas ;-)
Doing the wooble in line at Best Buy with my sister and two cousins.
So excited that you are going to be on five times a week!!!
Ok, my day is now ruined.
nice. are you going to visit in the Richmond office?
Bull. Crap. -______-
Hey babe, mommy misses you and wishes you were here. Forever and always, Rame.
Congrats, having a degree doesn't change the fact that you're probably an idiot...
We mix like #margaritas~ #YEE HAw~
New plan: young would-be bloggers must first spend five years doing a line-a-day diary that no one will ever read.
i wanna watch a movie :D
A3 Brought up an interesting idea for me...it says depending on importance of issue being researched, 40% response rate is possible
RT : Virginia GOP Vote Against Gay Judge Wasn't Bigotry ......It IS bigotry (not just in the past tense).
For those folks who need alittle push... the little train that could. The KISS method is.. Keep it simple stupid.
can I get a RT I am leaving for Air Force boot camp tomorrow in Texas, it would a be awesome for me i am a big Viking fan
FIRST ROW AT JANE'S ADDICTION DAVE NAVARRO WAS ROCKING THE FUCK OUT NOT EVEN A FOOT AWAY FROM ME AMAZING.
JERÔME ! How are you ????
Thank you Tracy! I miss you!!!!!!!!! :) I'm hardly EVER on here anymore! Life is to busy :(
And once we scan it, send it to ! Oops, here comes another tornado. Just kidding.
happy for you.
Whatever. Sure. I don't really care anymore.
@ darrin, this time I read it and thought moral, material, and social
please get a better camera guy that will zoom out a bit more. the footage was dizzying. Thanks.
what us shoot us down??
Happy Valentines!!!
if they not talking about you your doing shit just think of it as free marketing
Apparently it just takes the Sox a few innings to warm up at home.
So FAT Albert Is On haven't seen this in a while !
So I want to see Where we stand.
judging from your tweets this week, you really have. Lol.
Thanks to PC followers! You make the world go round!
omfg this girl is not reading her mentions !im trying to tell her justin is following her but she wont read mine haha !
havent been on this thing in forever! whats good twitter world?
DUO DIES
Wat I'm I Going To Wear Today Hm
What if oxygen was what made our voices deeper and helium brings them back to normal??? <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><U+2601>
it's too quiet in this classroom. like everyone can hear me chewing goldfish. lolol.
it's nice to work through logic in the process of tweeting. Truly a therapeutic and productive medium
Have you heard the news? Manpower Professional and Comsys are now located in the same office: 7000 Central Parkway, Ste 950 in Atlanta, GA
How was everything last night? :)
are you on the Falls Bridge? If so I just passed you
I'm just cranky, okay?
He lied. In writing. RT : Hargrove was also 1 of those who admitted, helped investigation. That's why I don't think 8 games is fair.
That was terrible!
goodbye wonderful awesome boyfriend. see you in 4-6 weeks! sniff. ladies, wine party w/ me??
omg <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> why am I now seeing this?!
Thanks for the following, yous guys!
Decided to move surgery to Monday, I'm not ruining this
who is kian & sam?
Men are born between a woman's legs &spend the rest of their lives trying to get back in between them because there's no place like home .(;
You need to come up with better code name Cj these are terrible! But you just wait.
Howdy ! I blog young adult books beyond bestsellers & Tweet abt learning, health, brains, cool facts
I wish I was musically talented and could write songs about how amazing you are.
Martin McDonagh Project: Cripple of Inishmaan Opens THIS THURSDAY! You bet your lucky leprechaun you should be there!
Awesome Scratch Grilled Cheese - always great and still a top 5 indy dining destination for me.
Me too. Just like waiting for the Easter Bunny to deliver my candy.
Your Life & Mine - Just Surrender.
After 200 years of progress in science, medicine, education, agriculture, & industrial productivity, shouldn’t we B a lot happier than we R?
that's why I buy Foreign lol
Acting is a question of absorbing other people's personalities and adding some of your own experience. - J.P. Sartre
RT "Data, data everywhere, but not a thought to think" -- John Allen Paulos, Mathematician [nice quote; citation?]
maybe the calendar should be a new joint project? I still hurt from laughing so hard.
Yeah, she's leaving me here all alone because I have to be at work kind of early :-(
SWEETY "I'm down in the tall grass!" Y'all Straight Clown'n!
Sorry, you have to live in the US
Essential! RT Begin with changing your mindset. Think about the end goal always!
ur a lucky dude tonight
yumm I want some
Q6. First Twitter friend you've met or hope to meet in real life
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! YOU NEED 2 STOP BY THE SMILING MOOSE IN PGH, PA 4 some KILLER FOOD & Drinks when in PGH! We RULE
I stayed the same weight throughout junior/senior year. Still the same weight in college lol.
Thank you for the follow Matt! Home sick today.
Today's schedule is full we don't have any available appointments. Time still available Wednesday & Thursday.
I think I deserve a white russian
what are you when you are all out of Monet?
KILL IT WITH FIRE!
she really was lol
- They have no permit tennis courts in Hoboken and over by the Hudson but there's usually a long wait
What is a commitee? It is a group of the unwilling, picked from the unfit, to do the unnecessary.
RT : Jay Strack speaking to Metro Youth Ministers on leadership! Great stuff!
Think about how much sex appeal dance moves is going to have for the Believe Tour. Ahh, fuck.
It's not about page views vs. unique visitors. It's about choosing the right metrics 4 your situation & applying them. #seo brandguyblog.com
I sure can... which do you prefer?
Happy graduation to all my Columbia friends! I will be with you in alum life soon enough.
Congrats to athlete, 91 year old Leo Murso bringing home the gold medal in his division with a combined 2-game score of 151 pins!
Great #analytics session w PR guru at #RaganKPCTH in DC this am. And thx for the chat and hanging with us. Wow!
My sleep schedule has been messed up since Christmas break..
you or alec in a one on one battle? Talk around LA is that alex is getting in game shape
lmao! Thats why i lahb you ! You Always insult me and laugh at you!
I'm not going to lie, that made me happy. <U+E106>
Best Part About Having My Own Crib, Being Single, And Living Alone Is I Go And Come When The FUCK I Please.
p.s. stop pretending you're a sweet little girl still...you've clearly been around the block.
Shout Out to all the Light Skinned Niggas waiting til "Refill" goes off on the Radio before they get out the Car & go to work
Have I mentioned how excited I am to watch on Sunday?!!! Woo
Jon Stewart killing it now re: Bushie spiking the football and RW hypocrisy.
Happy mothers day! I love my mommy :)
": On my way to Knotts Berry Farm :}" the car show?! :D
it would suck to carry groceries up a giant slide
Drawing sucks
hey how are you doing nice to see you on foursq radar again
That shit we had, I want that back
Michael Langley would like to restructure the business environment of Portland
Party All Night with 95.1 LATIN VIBE DJ WALDO- DJ CESAR TERCERO!! . $5 Shot of Don Julio, $5 Shot of Bushanan's Till
let me know if you need any help with your XHTML. Come to PDX, we'll study over tacos.
I TOTALLY AGREE W/WORLDS SUSPICIONS OF GREEDY ARROGANT VIOLENCE LOVING POLITICAL NEGOTIATORS; & THAT HILLARY THING 2; MAN IS SHE SICK!!!!!!
Thanks for the follow! If you ever need to speak to a brand expert on the West Coast, keep in mind.
"Can I have a coke please." "Is Pepsi alright?" ... IS MONOPOLY MONEY ALRIGHT?!
safe travels Jenn. See ya soon.
Fajita hell
And BTW, autism is NOT at all like cancer, AIDS, or diabetes, so you can cut that bullshit right out.
#fortunempw Warren Buffet interview.
A tail of two of my teams one goes on a 7 game losing streak, while the other is still undefeated
Nice! I am a former McNair scholar.
This summer, I'm going to change a lot. Everything. Will. Change.
I felt so loved today. (:
Oh...And they'll never get Belzoni either...Love to see him try that one.
Ty for the RT! I appreciate it
The best thing about love is loving you<3
mine has to,be sarahs keeks and Austin,Mahone
Dom def asked me what channel the hannah montana movie was on. Hahaha <3
Happy Easter. Know that Who You Are Does Make A Difference.
im glad hes not doin this game
I will! Love you Mandy!
Come watch the Pacers with us at Chumleys in Broad Ripple.
I was a fat kid in grade 5 and my teacher tried to flunk me. I was like I'M TOO BIG TO FAIL! But then I collapsed..due to sandwiches
I miss u punk !
Ayo wts good man,do you have a contact for production
Greatness is expendable in this era...
Why thank you veryy much for following. x)
I'm gonna unfollow you just for posting that nasty ass shit.
I just finished a 1.50 mi run with a time of 15:59 with Nike+ GPS.
plus i have work in the morning.
Goodbye to a legend in music and entertainment. Very sad to hear about Dick Clark's passing.
No harassing me, Kate!
I always do. Before and after. This pain is weird tho. I can't even move.
An I've hit that wall. #9moredaysofthis?
old school fridays at this spot in montclair..so much fun!
Planning for 2012 has begun & time to pass the virtual torch! It has been wonderful! Best~Paige
So i guess you think your fine.lol.did you notice how i put my hand on your stomache to make sure that wasn't a kangaroo pouch
hey babe:-) am I your Valentine Candice
Sean Paul - She Doesn't Mind [Official Music Video]
Thanks to everyone for all the birthday wishes I wish we could all get together even though we are spread out all over:)
You are high on drugs. If we make it back to LA, you can go to their show and I will blow a homeless guy or something.
Easy...make me the winner! Less work for you!
I think I'm actually funny
Teen Wolf season 2? yes please.
Doing the unthinkable..Watching highlights from Super Bowl 42..Reminding myself why I want this game so much..
Children are great imitators. So give them something great to imitate.
are you expressing what you think about it or are the "intentionally prepositioned phrases" a matter of fact?
i knoww i agree and my mom said i have to pay for the meet and greet passes myself but its obvi worth it! im just confused
dude you should've competed again, would've been great to have a vet on the UT team!
“I have as much authority as the Pope. I just don't have as many people who believe it.” -George Carlin
#Spring is tomorrow #Boston...whose ready for some nice weather?! :)
When Amare Stoudemire fouled out last night, the Heat's announcer said he had been "extinguished from the game." The Heat later apologized.
s/o B-Diamendz & Cutty partying at
busy busy busy
I swear, our socks combined partially block out the sun
May 3, 2012 – May 23 City Hall, Library & MOCA front entrances will be inaccessible to vehicular traffic. The parking garage will be open.
i cant believe how old im getting
Lunch at State Corp Comm'n cafe: fried catfish, limas, mashed, and cornbread. And cream soda. Oof.
Today we celebrate Umoja - Unity Happy Kwanzaa! Come celebrate with us on December 31 (Kuumba - Creativity)
God damn. I can't wait to work out tonight and get all this shit out.
Social Security possible cuts; first give married women their half in their own account of the joint returns; retroactive. Undo male purse
Ten gallons of low IBU porter/stout hybrid, half pitched with irish yeast, halfwith English yeast...kegging english pale ale later today
Good to know, thanks. I guess you come up for "Facebook Pages" because of the Facebook URL in description.
Gooddogs hotdogs in our parking lot tomorrow for lunch.Come see Walter de Maria and eat a dog on the bookstore patio--fall begins!
Congrats to for the IPO release today!!!
Pool day, come by and chill out at the house
Yes Greg motley is still going 2 play with a back spasma it does hurt
OH: never piss off an alpha nerd. They have the ability to take over google search results. (tee hee )
Please stick to the rivers and those lakes that your use to...
- DAMN. Pulp will likely be playing as I'm driving home. :^/ I wanna see Madness!
(regardless, please note: we miss Verlander in this trip.)
I look to you Lord
Claire Danes ’ sleek and shiny hairstyle
I need real people though.
I would kill to be able to pay someone $5 a month for a gmail like service without the ads.
My cousin just tired to kiss me on the lips...
I need to too tell some good songs if you find any
how is L-Boog doin? Why dont she show her face? We miss her
I have all I can eat pork at home. Did I mention the 15 lb pork shoulder? :)
Meeting of the creative minds... Enjoyed hanging out with you and - alot of great ideas!
It's one of my favorite days of the year! Winding down now, nine hours later
yes they're PERFECT omg
hahaha! I'm sorry, I <3 you!
I forgot to mention my son now trains with me.
and honestly at the end of the day not even worth the stress!!! It's a big bowl of bull if u ask me!
#wiw11 If You Knew Me You Would Care campaign featuring rape victims in the Congo and telling their individual stories. Knowing = Caring
Love the new look of the iPhone app!
holy mother of early mornings! :) it's 11am. :).
just gettin his bronze on leave the puppy alone
lol I love that game, that's one of my fav dances to do cus I do pretty good on it, but u dance ALOT better then me lol <21
21300 going to 3/6 after break, 48 left 5.3 up top, 9 pay, people making a lot of mistakes, hope i can get some chips, morale high
Ha! Some party animal. It's only 9:00 here and I'm dragging. Good night, Kathy. Thanks for the tips.
nope thats my only wish<21
CRAP I lost 4 or 5 month's worth of #HamRadio contact info :s PLZ, if u had a QSO w/KE7TDY between Dec'11 & today, DM me the info!
I don't plan on having to hear "Happy Mother's Day, Nek" for at least four years. I know that is one tough job. I respect all who do it
up early today for no good reason... might as well turn on cnn and study for
It depends. 1) Is it a litre of Cola. 2) did they spit in your burger?
thank you for a great evening of dining!
I gotchu fam, just been on the move since 9 . . . Headed back now
yeah..the girl i was fighting brought me dead brother into it. And btw; love that Hercules song.
What dramas have you already seen ?
At the Boom Boom Room checking out some of Dallas' finest !
i'm w/ you on that justin <3
you wanna tlk?
you cool?
All good looking forward to coming to it Thurs night! Thanks for letting me know you were at Graffito! Lol.
That risky topless run from your room to the laundry room <
Opening the new trash bag was awesome when I was little!
compliment: "Knowledge of the city and pleasant conversation. Very helpful and right on time. Excellent service" - Ed & Nell. Thank you!!:)
Does anyone print out their photos anymore? Family pics on the fridge r a year old.
Janet Evanovich's "Explosive Eighteen". A perfect one day read! Stephanie Plum, Morelli, Ranger, Lula and Grandma Mazer. Laugh and read!!
I love you man!
Dear People At My School, Stop saying "Why you askin all them questions" when I ask you a question. Thank You
Is your mechanic in our results? He should be!!!!!
(bryan) Thoughts & prayers out for 's knee surgery this AM - Get well soon, Ksenia!
*WIN* a FREE E-copy of PRETTY AMY runs til 5pm PST! To enter tweet "Excited for #PrettyAmy digital release 5/15" Pls RT
The DC-7 Roberto Clemente Story @ the Puerto Rican Theater ROCKS! Two more shows in NYC..
Have to wake up extra early tomorrow<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Fire in Elm Grove. I can see it from Buemound in Brookfield.
Missed the NOLA trip to Mardi Gras with the crew coulda had a bad ass repeat trip next time though
Also, academic librarian job interviews can last three DAYS, including a presentation. Suggested starting to read job postings now.
You may speak two or three different languages but it is unlikely that you speak as many as 16-year-old Timothy ..
Nothing can satisfy us more than Jesus & His presence! Take a minute to acknowledge Him, be honest & take a deep breath & know He loves you!
what the duece is a bopper?
Drinks tonight?
I was suppose to be cleaning I cut on music and all Im doing is dancing in the mirror, my room still looks a hot ass mess!!! smh...
Anyone else had exp w/ techs gaining access to their fenced-in closed back yard w/out knowledge or consent? Scaling fence?
Opportunities to find deeper powers within ourselves come when life seems most challenging. Joseph Campbell
Will send tomorrow. Forgot...again!
can somebody teach me how to make a gif for tumblr??
For a good laugh, Indigo Tree Publishing recommends reading some of the clever twitters about Kim Kardashian - some really funny material.
Tip for easy email reminders - use to schedule email followups and make sure your emails get responses
I'm watching 8 Mile and my dad goes, "don't you ever get tired of watching that movie? That's all you ever watch." lol obviously not.
Need to see some new battles.
yes! What size?
Hamptons in under 2 weeks- time to cut
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists must create a team!
Great job on the new look of THE FAN 1060 webpage. EZ to read I am ready for ASU baseball on THE FAN AM 1060.
100 Likes and I'm gettin' trigger happy with the new track! LMS NoW.
#ThingsIDislike people who take ages to text back
next time you are tempted buy one. But what is it with you Brits and your love of Santa Monica?
you have an iPhone!
you should celebrate your 25th with a tattoo
JSB: "Humanities more important than ever since they let us see in the problem, whereas science & engineering let us operate on the problem"
Let's Go Orange. Break that tie
I'm bored lol
nope just come...
Nice google-branded earrings on Zahava
WOW we are idiots lmao jk
Looking to sign short term extension while we plan new facility. Not just talking about it, will get in to high gear soon
Last minute outing. Getting some drinks with the guys!
lol stop being mean
He dnt have my heart but he do have my head gone! =) <3
Damn, I wish I was on Euclid in Lexington right now.
The most notable anxiety reduction techniques for treating female orgasmic disorder are systematic desensitization and sensate focus.
Crap to much pasta made me sick 2 my tummy. Now i wait at work to see if i do barf. I think i need to workout again
I have a lot Of followers ? VAT ? Omgaahh <3 You have like thousands ! When I'm here hoping for 200 followers?
Hey there, thanks for your support. Come by soon. Cheers
Seeing WCAR for the first and probably last time on Friday
UH NO. ME!
I love that show :D
Yes I lost! My mind ;)
Thanks for the follow -- I've been spending too much time thinking about the past of journalism.
rite doe. Salty my nigga jus lost.
Crumbs. Oh! You weren't asking.
WARM in NY today!
good work bud. I'm impressed.
If you are supposed to learn from your mistakes, why do some people have more than one child.
All the talk of lag has me worried to go home. #CoachellaLive Have thoroughly enjoyed #Madness, though. :)
Stargazing with cupcakes! A perfect Friday night!
Watched Green Lantern. Really not as bad as people made it out to be.
When People Take My Shit Before Asking
First clarinet practice in yrs. Telling myself they're not "squeaks and squawks" but instead "harmonics and multiphonics".
it iss. & that came out like the day after the whole "no idea" thing omg
you are fucking cruel.. And unusual.
RT :) ": they need to get it set up. It's time. A fall Saturday night at MSG sounds good to me ..."
the old quote goes "Don't get your Dauber Down" Roger Craig SF Giants mngr in the early 80's
wow for this not really being my cause...I have much more to say about it then I thought
Dear Eurydice There are so many memories and tunes. They're all in the past. What should I do? Love Orpheus See EURYDICE 3/16 - 20
can we go half on a baby
If they won't fight for you then it's not real
God Bless everyone on this beautiful Sunday morning, and God $ave the rest!!!
Spent the last hour reading about sex trafficking in LA and fantasizing about dark scary shit, because I am a twisted freak of nature.
That annoying moment when you're doing something on your phone/iPod and someone decides to call and fuck it all up. Lmao xD <<
Candy Paint Cali Cruisin in the PHANTOM
NYC! MAY perform with and MEN tomorrow @ Washington Square Park! Enjoy and MAY your labor never be exploited!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!
A. Saldana: What can a horde do vs. a body? ...a collective makes ethics into politics.
I've never been happier to be sitting on the couch in sweatpants.
Does anyone else think that the *Luquid-Plumr Double Impact* commercial is WAY to inappropriate for daytime TV?
me too I think that sounds like a novel idea
been horrible as of late
I feel you on the spammers though. You can't make one mention of that line of iFruit computers w/o getting several random replies.
A picture can help u remember the luv u have 4 that special someone inside when their not around 4 too long.
It's one of the three English phrases she knows.
Dear Thursday, I'm going to bend you over and smack your ass until you submit to me.
Yes! RT #ifttt: a tool to generate automated tweets based on keywords, topics, etc. GREAT! #SMSS12 #social media
Backstreets back, ALRIGHT!
Living beautifully free:)
In Chicago talking design at the Design Research Conference. This could be a fun couple of days.
still havent gotten my books in the mail yet smh. htf am i supposed to do any hw
Agree. And I want to read all your novels so, get hustling. ;)
Cats are like tiny lions and panthers that are legal to own.
~totally not feeling ur CMA red carpet dress.good thing backdrop has color or you'd disappear hoping performance dress is better.
I think I'll say a prayer for her <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
The fat, nastiest girls at my job where the tightest clothes. I be like "DAMN BITCH CAN YOU BREATHE?!?!?!?!" Hahaha good times <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Forever With Justin Beliebers and have an unbrakeable bond. Once a belieber always a belieber! Love you biebz :)
Drinks on you tonight? RT : Just spent 1K on my damn car! I'm done!
cool, thanks! Ah, I just missed half the show! :O(
It's computer budget time; publisher doesn't want to get CS5.5 AND CS6 soon after, so please, #adobe, release 6 soon!
"This calls for a celebration." "Oh, we popping some of that bubbly?" "No, fool. Milk and cookies." LMBO. #NW My Baby's Daddy
ya, that's a good workaround. such a silly policy.
LOLOL that was such a hilarious dream!!
Those are all good. 300 would be historical action/comic book movie. Iron man IS a comic book movie. Kill Bill defies genre IMO
Have you finished reading #JulietAnUnPopular? Pass it on! It's what friends do!
It's always the smallest things that kill us.
this is only the 2nd installment. The boys were gracious enough to let me come play.
I must have more realtor followers than any other non-realtor
RT this if all of you love your fans ;D
It's no coincidence that man's best friend cannot talk. —Anonymous
I can feel it in the air
It was so funny then he hit me in the face with the ball but he gave me a hug like saying sorry
Just got done rehearsing , now im at home watchin
I hella pulled my sisters shirt down lol she should have known something was up when i kept getting close.
I'm sorry I missed your reply yesterday! Meet you at the poster session?
Well today is the least fun part of doing the art shows...taking it down.
Re: Tebowing, Jesus quote: And when thou prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites r: 4 they love to pray...that they may be seen of men.
you can try lol
como are you hahaha :p
Or should I say Real hair Don't care!
Im super #stoked & #excited I just found out that 2 more stations added #BeautifulThing 2 their stations! :) Video coming soon! :)
thanks, only 2 months away!
I have watched it on TV and have no concept at all what I am trying to see. Your so right on cricket!
That feeling you get when, his name shows up on your phone.
#Elementary was some good days but i`m off to High School after next year ,
so you're saying there will never be a riot in the Burgh?
I have to sit in this painfully boring class on such a nice day out
god damn better believe we are
Model Train Show, Largest Regional Exhibition and Shopping Event, Extends the Spring Break Season at the Maryland ...
hey today was your last day right?
"Congrats to Coach K" is trending. Life is good :D
uh my dining hall cannot have chinese food again during their munchie hours....let's just say I went to town on that.
thank you! :)
Thanks, Roy. Looking forward to checking out your site.
didn't need it...had to keep my golden brown hue
Nope.he home sipping wine": Just wondering if Holmgren is required to watch this game as part of his 10 mill dollar salary"
do you want her number
Hey Muriel! It you little cuz liz :D
if you're eating skittles, then you're wrong.
Sean! I didn't see your tweet until just now ... I'm so sorry I missed you.
class. making up for lost sleep. band practice!
Agreed! I have playlists for diff. activities, makes me more productive. Your Playlist Can Change Your Life (by )
The Militant, for one, welcomes his new #Dodgers overlords. WELCOME GUGGENHEIM BASEBALL MANAGEMENT/ !!!
even more than "Mayor Filner" ?
Looking for CLT CEOs/business owners to invite to 5/20 program, Lessons from Gettysburg, by nationally known speaker on leadership. DM me
No music = No life .
-.- trust no one
refs, you're not part of the Jazz team.
RT : RT : No matter what the situation, remind yourself “I have a choice.”
hey guys, does "East Hwd" mean East Hollywood? just double checking!
ouch who was that directed at?
Too tired to function.
: " #Music opens the secret of life bringing peace, abolishing strife." Kahlil Gibran #jazz"
Honestly don't see how you can say Maher's jokes as bad as Leno's. If it helps, we don't have to give them credit.
feel some kind of way right now ..
Dr. Wiggy's has full lace custom handmade wigs starting at $600.00 with a payment plan! Email us at for more info!
Thanks for the retweet about boomers getting fatter
Took three pills. About to be knocked out
Hey!! Met u tonight at PWU. That was fun!!
... my wife is watching #CountryMusicAwards & I'm depending on 's Luke Jones for Wrestlemania updates !!!!
oh I absolutely agree. Im a bama alum and I constantly struggle to come up with unbiased arguments
All sin has something in common what?! It's all the same to the father....dont consider your less then anothers.
Swag! Hahahaha summer beach swag
What should I do on my lunch hour? Manicure, walk over to PNC park, or go jeans shopping?
People censor others out of fear. Shame on you.
Need a new person in my life. Like right now!!!
I see you have discovered #NextToNormal... My favorite show I've ever seen on Broadway!
The Halloween Block party on 21st street was a big success on Sunday. Snow stopped it Sat, but #Loudoun rallied for fun the next day.
cause usually they want you
I'm slightly irritated
Thanksgiving shout out from the Nunn Center. Happy Thanksgiving...interview family this holiday
Thanks for the #FF shout out! YOU GUYS ROCK & we love local support! Keep Achieving <U+2267><U+2742><U+25E1><U+2742><U+2266>
Omg!!! I saw a commercial last night thought it was joke, what is it?? Did they shave you? RT : I'm at The Mens Club Shear Ego
Twitter friends, follow me on instagram: ernestorivera. Forget about my published photography, now I'm finally a real photographer.
Great, we've become a 2 person hair fan club. Way to take a page from the Bieber playbook, CP ;)
i still have the old twitter lol
All day every day!
hawlo scream at bg i think i gotta work till ten. Hit up comp y'all should come.
Nope, I'm working right now but I can do it later.
yes. That was the point of the observation
Super Sweet! You Rockstar!!
Picking up from Showrooms then off to set to assist the talented editorial Stylist on a shoot! #Juliet Vo! Thanks ! Xox
YOU CAN FRIEND PEOPLE ON KICKSTARTER NOW?? Zawinski's law of software development, web app edition, in full effect...
I'm not exactly an adventurous eater.
My mom needs to cut my hair and stuff .-.
and, if you find that you are unable to calm down, rethink your line of work! :-)
PLAYOFF HOCKEY::::::GOTTA LOVE IT!!!!!! PENS WIN TODAY GUARANTEE IT
I am so fucking tired of stupid fucking people. why dont u put down the bottle and stop blaming other people for your problems.
wad up
Belly putters piss me off!!
We have a supply of #natgas that can last more than a century!
Does someone want to go to scholl for me tomorrow.? No.? No.? Okay..
What a great week! John Spence spoke at a #TED talk on Saturday. Today I saw speak at #parallels. More to come
At big jim's deli for an overstuffed sandwich
not really ! I'm bored -.-
Let's get out of the country. I'll admit I'm bored of me.
Oxytocin is the "cuddle chemical" & spikes with mutual love from a pet!
first try at homemade parmesan gorgonzola Alfredo sauce with blanched spinach on cavatappi. I hope likes it. Hurry up!
Welcome to ! We are thrilled to have you aboard the panel discussing #poverty in #America in #Atlanta 4/18/12
“: tonight ready for a challenge?” yes.
Dear Food Commercials, No one eats in slow motion with their eyes closed. Sincerely, Normal People.
oh i know how you do the party monster of MLA! Hoping to follow in your footsteps :) thanks for tweeting!
And because I don't have anyone to care for my files after I'm gone, I don't have a future.
Guy practicing his hip-hop lyrics with a notebook and headphones on the train.
oh that is very nice! Happy Admin Pro day!
I see ur mouth talking but i cant hear , other ppl can but they dont feel yu !!
10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Bob Hope, and Johnny Cash. Now they are all dead. The world is a cruel and unforgiving place.
hahah I want a wig room and wigs to fill it with. Deep down, I really do.
Oh the ode to the booty call. Stupid.
ahaha thanks I really liked it obvs... sorry for bugging you for it lmao
Velvet unicorns?
noted and agreed, except for the owing part
no random digital folding! All pimping through me PLEASE.
is your website up? I need some samples- have some possible freelance work for you
As an abstract concept, love usually refers to a deep, ineffable feeling of tenderly caring for another person.
With in religion (:
RT “: If I had my way right now, we'd be together, but I'm stuck waiting, wondering, and hoping.”
My big problem with post-structuralism is the Straw Man approach it takes to science -a monodimensional conception that hasn't changed (con)
Want to give you nose some TLC: Irrigate with a saline rinse or neti pot to moisturize and clear nasal passages.
Thanks for the kind words... Its official, I'm now a part of the info age!
Going back to miramar.
How about NEXT Wed nite at The Couch? RT : Ladies, we have a quorum!
Daily News Live, Mar. 5, 2012 Daily News Live, Mar. 5, 2012
That would do it.
o man Jamarcus Russell just got officially named starter for the raiders. here comes another last place finish :(
Funny you should mention FB fights with IU fans Rob. To make a long story short, I had a few IU fans de-friend me. Go figure!
Im ready for Summer!!
Interesting. How would you do it today?
I don't even have any work that I need to do!!! This is torture!
:)) I just push the "><" button. Hopefully the doors close fast enough.lol
you must be registered as a republican! ;)
But if I enjoy the songs that I'll be singing and if they enjoy it and if it's my way of supporting them, it'll work.
I like! I'll get the ball rolling on this project mañana!
The US #Hispanic consumer mrkt is larger than economies in all but 13 countries. Is your #marketing #optimized for them?...
Oh there he is
i thought the DP would b better never done it b4 so hay might well give it a try
#high off life
I think if K Stills have a breakout year he will be a #1pick RT : That man icy!!!!!
Also! Helpful man singing "Back door, please," to politely request an exit for passengers disembarking.
It's after noon.
I hate everything right now. I am going to get drunk. RIP
Today's Flatbread: Sweet Thai Chili & Grilled Chicken w/ red onion, red pepper & provel cheese Soups: Chicken Tortilla or Mediterranean Gaz
Maybe he's using whatever Fernando Viña was using.
If I had a coffee shop in the area I would have gone there instead. You got to make do with what you got.
"People begin to become successful the minute they decide to be." - Harvey Mackay: Best-selling business author, columnist & speaker
can you tell what happened with the chosen one. I was throughly dissapointed
Tupac wins still.
tasting the nectar of life.......
My cat is so smart she finally peed on something i wanted her to pee on... puppy training pads. *shaking head*
ME TOO
I know the feeling
I don't know why GayJesus insists on bringing in his H1N1STDflesheatingfaced self in to work.
Lsc are you guys still requesting single "Gettin Em"?
Stop in for buffalo Fin Fish Doggies. Crispy fried fish, doused with Hot Fin sauce in a bun. Only $3 today during happy hour.
Same thing happens this time every year...I start thinking I need new golf clubs!
still it was me
Almost Passed Out At School
That's fine. I'll pick up some shit too. And how much ramen do you have? I still have to get veg ramen lol
I can't stop thing about him he is so damn cute
Asked a dude if his large pickup truck compensation for a small dick, then tried to run me off the road, then was pulled over
man I'm good. Just got done working on this movie trailer
is there a #clublife volume 2 vinyl in the works? Want to buy!
i did i am crying
Please live-tweet it.
I did thrusters at 115. Wasn't as bad as the first few times I did 115. But then again I can front squat 225 now.
i had an internship from Feb to May. I think they're looking for more interns
Excited to present our trio work on stage: both challenging and fun playing together, and I think we're finding a distinctive sound.
": More people will learn from their mistakes if they weren't too busy denying them."
follow back please? U r such an inspiration(:
Big day tomorrow... Never wanted this day to come. God give me the strength.
Presenter keeps talking about going out tonight. I&#39;m exhausted and my feet are killing me. I&#39;ll be skipping drinks!
like. WE GET IT. They both can take powers. One is good and one is bad. Blah blah blah.
Hell yeah, now we are on to talking smack on other families and how much better ours is
I'm tired of that CRCT
My sense was always that just throwing out the mandate would screw things up too bad and throwing out the whole law was too activist, so...
Hey! How are you
the hair can slide with those abs. Lol. Sorry Micah. Lol.
It is! And i'm okay, you?
Have a fun and safe Labor Day weekend!! We will be open, so stop by and see us!
We SHOULD be empowered. We should have hard decision making skills and an ability to assess the consequences of our actions
You need to lose some people's phone number on purpose.
hi there<3
Can't wait to go on vacation!
I love over the internet fights so fun!(:
20 On My Wrist... That's Your Car On My Fist
It's a great feeling to know that our team consists of only A players because we focus on bringing BEST to every endeavor
my phone died<U+E058>I'm omw though!
thankful for your music! Miss you guys!!
Thx to and the team for an awesome time in Indy and great planning!
we'll see each other soon! :)
Did u know a true leader is one who was first willing to follow? U must learn to follow before u can actually lead!
the picture says it all
Not to sound like an asshole, but really, overweight bald dude who is hitting on me? I am not going to date you. Know your range, people!
what is this from!? I've heard this!
what fixes do you think field house needs?
watching mr. t's flavorwave informercial
We have to nitpick AXA Banque's API a bit though. They built an HTTP API, not a REST API. It isn't discoverable!
Dear Monday, you are the beginning of a very long and busy week. Please be good to me! :)
is coming to the 303! Cannot wait!
How many people are you pen pals with?
good luck ;)
"A #Gemini will not wait for someone to do anything for them."~~~ yes indeed.
TABLE+ 4 CHAIRS $ 295- HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! EVERTHING MUST GO !!! UP TO 65% OFF ! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
I don't think I can watch Bethenny anymore. It's like watching their divorce play out live. Way too uncomfortable!!
He's Perfect in everyway i cried when i hear it <3 im so proud
I Adore Her But I Can Not Afford Her, Now She Running Wild And I Can't Do nothing For Her.
how are the slopes lookin
I still dont hav my munchies, er my valentine, or anything.
did ya win anything?
Recipe for killer nightmares: I watched Alien and the 7.2 quake reminded me that The Big One is coming...
now that's an oxymoron
trying to figure this thing out....
ok cool. Didn't know this was happening until woke up this morning & checked Twitter. I live in fear of new-age Packers jerseys
providing pitching depth tonight?
Happy Birthday to one of my fave late-night talk show host:
Need a Free Day Tuesday? Take one on the house..
went out on a limb with that prediction. Stick to commentating with ur energy/fun & stop predicting games, u were 0-2 Saturday
New courthouses planned throughout CA. The price of justice...tonight at 5.
Girl crush Monday. Just discovered Kim from Survivor. Homegirl's got it going on. Can I have your hair and abs?
Out to get ice cream with the minions
Follow the access to justice project on human trafficking at Any practitioners w/ insight, let them know
That's dirty
Tell the truth on Cane for a change!
Ahahahahahahahahah!!!. :D welp I'm still not obsessed..@$&%#&#%
Yes we do! 818-754-2556 voicemail or contact us from webpage in profile, thanks
#xbox360. Tanks so weak. Aircraft so weak my guns don't act the same.. my mg36 can't place my shots nemore. Just not liking
It's Nat’l #Lovers Day! Pamper your love with a massage at #BlueMarble or a cocktail at our beautiful #SWIMLounge w/ views of #MissionBay!
I love Phoenix. Where have they been? France?! #missinginaction cc:
I see you good with those soft lips...
Thanks! I'm looking forward to working with you and your classmates. The LC should be fun. Have a great weekend!
thanks! qualify the musical movies, add good cigars, reasonable moderation, and we have similar tastes!
I'm gonna steal your SWAG sweatshirt and 's YEAH BUDDY shirt. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> hahaha
Twitter wouldn't let us create an account through their API, so we had to do it manually. Oh well, let the tweeting begin!
Ugh people in this town....awful
Which trip do you mean?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3
Woof. Need a palate cleanser after that last one. Going to try a little Blood Night the Legend of Mary Hatchet.
haven't they been orange since the BE tourney? Go Cats!!!!
Me too. Wow. I can't stop listening to this album.
Get ready for this Sunday Night! We've got Velvet Elvis, Deborah Magone, Johnny Pinker, Bob Greco, & ZRUDA on The Shakedown 98.9 The Buzz!
But I remember everything
thanks . Tomorrow is gonna suck but thanks Haha
We loved having you! Thanks, and Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Ideas 4 #cstweetup Name tags w/ our twitter handle(s)/FB/ name/business? Longer time advertised 5-8+? Didn't get to meet everyone.
When people make a duck face in every picture & say they have big lips!
Telling a man you have a boyfriend only encourages them. Single people are just not attracted to other single people.
if its not relevant at the time i aint go say shit !
umm yeah, i'm like done...
that would be awesome! like 3min long! ;)
As it should be! RT : part of my everyday job...
Finally omw home.
If she brings you cherry berry chiller while you're at work
lol NO. I don't think your arm is fat. Haha. You cra.
Thanks to for hosting tonight's Tweetup! Some of us will hang out for a while longer if you stop by.
In a word: ARGH
S/o to the homie for rocking with the crew Last night. Love her. Follow her and go Cop her new record Jones St.!!!!!!!!!
East Coast.
thank you for the kind words - that makes our weekend!! Wish you were here too. Hope to see you soon!
L have to get my glasses tomorrow +u guys are so bOring
Gaffield acknowledged that this data policy sounded good but resulted in almost nothing concrete at that time
#TrueLaziness Too much trouble to get up and put a video game in the disc tray.
no way???!!! That's fantastic!!!! Beers are on me! Promotion or family reasons?
everyone please follow my Frenemies Buddies
They down here gettin it in lol
Probably something that would make a lab look good. But, you know, since they're inviting everyone to meet Mr. Lettuce...
"Sweat is just your fat crying." - Honestly, I work with the best people ever.
ELVIS ON RADIO 1 OMG KEEP THEM COMING!
what are some good shows goin on this weekend?
If its true statement that got let go today that is a dam shame best show on you will be missed!!!
I was jokin I'm not mad I'm happy (boatar voice)
After having a Kindle for a few years, I know exactly what you mean. Having to tote around books to read feels so...old fashioned
#astdtk12 Learners have the ultimate tool for engagement in their pockets! Their cell phones. Can't control it. Embrace it!
hosts over 40 Sports Tourism events annually
Counts against team's cap, but league pays... RT : Yeah because teams pay players. :/
thought so, i was pretty sure that girl i saw was you. :)
Looking to try something new? Try GNC’s new line of sports formulas, “Beyond Raw”! Check out “Re-Built Mass”, “Refine”, and “Ravage”!
Hello Gluten-Free Customers special cupcakes for you today we have a coco loco and almond butter both GLUTEN-FREE!!!! M come& enjoy
i'm so bad at starting conversations.
Hello Metroplex !Getting ready to come to Mambocafe Dallas 2night ?? Daniel Boom Dj will be in the mix! So C U 2night MamboCafe Dallas !!
Big VIP announcement coming soon - stay tuned!
Sitting in this class with
ya shit is poppin not my stuff.
Unfortunately I never actually owned any of those, but did see others own them
person: follow me in my head: WHY SHOULD I? lawls hahah
I was thinking we'd meet up sooner, but then again I only had to walk... :-)
"Do you snort chia seeds?"
ohh, shut up!!!
I'm watching the Phineas and Ferb movie right now!!!
#Autism mom, Gayle Noble writes "Breathe" Have you had a taste of sheer joy recently? It’s delicious, even in tiny bites." Read this book.
"Texas Panel Debates Future of Research Universities." Important read from
how so?
Ha, Luke Rodgers is at the game complaining about the exact same thing, except it's dude in a Colts Manning jersey.
": I'm at the White Castle! I don't see you here, dawg!" Dude, where's my car?
See the scene after the credits in Avengers.
I think there are some Twitter seekers on here. Myspace.com/theofficialmahigato
- Sorry! Vimeo is a crapper & didn't listen to me. Its nothing really though, but I will show you once it is done.
Twitter, don't you dare go over capacity. DON'T YOU DARE.
Totally fascinating. Thanks.
HERLD'S RT I had my daily dose of Harold's today.
What time is the July 21st meeting?
who said dreams don’t come true...
Working on the distribution & release of my Turning Stones Cd and my Indigenous Souls - World Tribe
You guys are probably the closest thing to a "Left front of art" since the death of Maiakovskii & dissolution of Novyi LEF in 1929
but all you all want to do is praise her life. It was a sad life that could have been so much better. Stour comments about J&K was
I feel ya
#trickortreating was a HUGE success in Ellicott City today!!! We had a blast and Choo Choo Blue made a LOT of new friends! Thanks to all!
thanks and u know I will
Honored to see started following my feed. Definitely gets my #FF for today. Beast of Photog.
Oh my. There's an actual magazine called Garden & Gun, tagline-Soul of the South. Scariest part? Paid circulation has risen 140% since 2007.
What was that about? I thought that was what she said, but it made no sense whatsoever.
#stophackingalex YEAH BUDDY doesn't deserve it, dunno why someone would want to waste their time doing that ?
the Seau news is tragic, but he didn't leave a note stating 'Concussions made him depressed an depressions made him do it'...
tht awkward moment during class when you shout the answer in confidence and your answer is wronge
Keep calm and think like an automaton
students can also create and share during the day and get content at night
that's not nice
hey, DM me. We nd to talk
Hes a realist, but theres no crying in baseball, especially when they lose 1-0...at home...window...CLOSED
Currently eating the best bagel in Manhattan
I wanted to like this as if i were on facebook lol, but I agree... Friends is the best
plz follow....yhur really pretty nd Im single :) jk lolz but I am single but ya imma big fan so ya :P
": If she thinks 69 is just a number, she's too young for you bro."
your's or your wife's? ;)
The life i live is the life i live and i'm love-in with the life i live
illinois gave purdue the win...yeah thats what happened
its so hot here ugh
If your company is working on their #MothersDay themed campaign to me, think about the fact that EVERYONE else is doing the same thing.
What is harder to get: A top notch RB or a top notch corner? The answer is clearly at CB & Claiborne should have been the pick
High school BFF says he thinks David West is better than Blake Griffin. Agree or Disagree?
...institution that can take up to a semester. Plus down here in the good ol South, I know Greeks who aren't even
Nah, they'd probably fit me better now. They're on a quilt.
Ayers" DH can turn toward conv about metadata instead of enablers for information." Agree, but metadata is still important :)
Just another silly dumb tweet...
In NYC on vacation....unadultrated fun...yeah!!!!
Pretty sure there is a space ship behind that square shaped cloud
Hey girl! Miss you <3
thanks Jon
Bryce Harper is a boss, I'm a fan.
just wanna go home and knockout !
This angel is tired..
Thanks & cheers!
He went thataway, Boss! He's got red hair, red shoes, and a big dumb smile on his face. Called himself Ron McDonald.
What's with all the damn spam follows all of the sudden. They don't even speak english.
Also, evidently "losing weight like a man" makes one lose one's voice, too. Which probably isn't bad when it's Barkley.
“You can’t build a reputation on what you are going to do” - Henry Ford
thanks for the follow sweetie, stay tuned, working on vol.2 of my mixtape
just realized someones bday is coming up! What r ur plans??
Very glad it's beer o'clock.
Really weather? Stormy all day but right when school got out, no rain and sunny? Cool
link don't work
6 weeks until a week in SoCal...can't come soon enough.
The problems still continue, but we'll get it together.
is off to the car wash, then a long over due visit to the gym :-)
yeah by the way i sing and dance check for me on your tube ha ha and stay up get shorty b's no for me some how.Call me
Carlos Oscar is fucking hilarious! Watch him!!
23 mosquito bites! I itch like crazy!!!
Parents texting you at school, great influence haha
Sitting around waiting. :-(
RT : Be sure to stop and remember today the man who sacrificed his life in pursuit of having a dream...
S/O to new follower ...cool ass name to..
black kid said something about I asked him is there anything wrong with her being you idol. he didnt answer
Back in the studio mixing my record "Gurl from Queens" gonna b smashin...!!!!!
I may try using that when I present my wireframes.
The one featured on the #FB page. :)
Has Gonzo caught up to a fastball this season? Looks awful.
Oh man, I love it. Greasy, but great.
State Rep. Russell Holmes: Code of the street has changed -- today it's just survival.
He must not like Chyna. Lol
I love super busy efficient days!
I just mixed Chemical Brothers into the Spinners, but you weren't here, bummer.
And the infamous coffeehouse stalker returns. His blood is most likely 75% caffeine.
we some smot pokers <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0081>
Appreciate the mention homie!
State Patrol is on the scene of a deadly crash involving 3 cars and 2 people on Highway 10. More info at 6:30 on
thanks for the #FF you too! :) Short week was nice, but slammed today. Ugh!
I just finished a 3.42 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
The mind is everything. What you think you become. - Buddha
i just had two "mini" york peppermint patties. now i feel like i'm in the Christmas spirit.
RT : As an #Aries whatever theproblem, you give the impression that you have an answer ready.
you should have full visibility regardless of who runs the tools
We'd really love it if you'd rate #SOCAPeurope e-agenda at the bottom of an event page.
I feel the same way. I love that tea.
Is Bahrain safe, right and ready for Formula One? Why is the Bahraini government so keen to hold the event?
On are way back now
Love, Live, Laugh ! <3
Heading to Whole FOODS!!!!! YAY
I didn't lol..I turned the channel lol and he get a home run...GREAT
yeah, learned that lesson hard this quarter. Lots of great game-making JS libraries, most with terrible/nonexistent docs.
I read My Life as a Misfit this morning and loved it! I could so relate to your stories. Great book!! :)
Tacos tonight at Ciara's <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
Poor Danny Glover. Give him a chance.
Great vibes last night at the artist meeting! Thank you to all the artists that came out last night! #FPAC20 is almost here!
Thanks for the follow! Interested in hearing your thoughts on #crowdfunding in Africa. :)
Go on with yo bad self!
Great session with ! Also her outfit is adorable!
Sweet tea tastes best on hot days, :)
Are You Okaii Or Are You Having A Bad Day</3
"sometimes I look back at what we had, but then I look forward to what we will have...with or without each other."
Had a wonderful meeting with Benjamin Peryer whom is doing amazing things with Vanity Fair.
I found it. In the IPTC of course.
I need to talk to you anyway
what's your number? :)
ok ill walk over to ur house in Like 10mins
Tonight's soundtrack: Modest Mouse. With some Joan Rivers on Fashion Police. Man alive, an online Masters will keep you on your tip toes!
Did you like Pete's plaid sports coat as much as we did? Bring in your own plaid item, & we'll clean it for free!
I wanna walk around or something lol
- Thanks!! Nervous-ness creeping in..haha. Have a great spring break, send my regards to Christine and the gang.
Pakistan gov helped OBL hide, that's no secret, that's obvious
Girls want to feel beautiful and desired.
At least my hometown isn't a bunch of bigots. RT Meck apparently doesn't jive with rest of state: 57% voting against Amendment
I didn't even know anyone else knew who he was! He's amazing…
I should of hopped on here an hour ago but it's been to fucking wild in #Lawrence , all I gotta say is
please follow me i love you alot
Cops are trained to identify suspects by race, height and sex. I was. Cop for ten years. He only saw a black man. PROBLEM!
Please say its not so, #twinkies may go bye bye......quick go by one box each and then give it to me :) lol!
Good to see the Harris brother back with the fleet last night.
"I was born when you kissed me. I died when you left me. I lived a few weeks while you loved me." -Humphrey Bogart What a quote!
And God said, "Let there be sandwiches!" And Eve made them
Boyer on an error by the catcher.
Dear Niall I wanted to say you're beautiful you're not horrible for you you will not be perfect but for mefor me? for us.
Im sorry im not good enough.. im sorry im a failure. Im just sorry
I won't be in SF in June, but I will be in SF at LMA Legal Tech in Sept. I would love to get to get together--coffee/drink?
Diff. struggles similar roots. MT I'm white, trans, gay, married to my partner in Tennessee. It's different
That was a good story. Wanna hear mine? It's a fairytale. Once upon a time, nobody gave a fuck. The end
oo ...potential of gettin together again? That would be sweet.
Don't have much reception during this lockout...
Dear 9 year old on Facebook, no one wants to see your little bra and underwear. So stop uploading pics and go play with your dolls.
We LOVE our twitter and fb fans!! Suggest us to YOUR friends and take advantage of our big sale next week. Details to follow. BE CHOOSEY!!
I pulled a hamstring. It doesn't bother me as long as I don't sit, stand, walk or lay down.
New blog post: Why Oklahoma State Will Finally Beat Oklahoma in Norman #oklahoma, #football,
damn, Nuggets, better get back on a run.
Good luck! I hope it goes well!
is dazzling my teachers with ZPower! Promethean rocks!
Thanks you guys for 100 Followers!
follow us alex (;
and that shit fresh ain't it
UO's Beta Collide will perform at 7:30 p.m. Friday at the White Stag Block. Plan to be here.
And also a miracle? That I happened to come home 15 mins after it happened, so i got all the info & police report, etc. MIRACLE.
really? noone? come on think about it. there's literally electricity in the air.
Been feeling slightly masochistic so I've been listening to a lot of dubstep today. Feel free to suggest the most obnoxious ones you know.
Austin, I'm so sorry that I can't come to your concert, I would do just about anything to go. I wish, but its too far away. :(
I confess to both. It's one big bizarre innapropriate fantasy.
i really must say, you have a natural talent for joe johnson hate. like I try to hate on joe Johnson as well as you do
Effective instructional design encourages all learners to take responsibility for their own learning.
wish you would notice me :/ 4
I hate people, that's why I'm so quiet and anti-social. If they only knew what goes on my head.
Re: Achieve Will Globalization WIDEN the inequality gap even more?A conversation we don't want to address
Stop on out to Jade Monkey this weekend and try one of our signature drinks!!!
ZING! Mel FTW
Missed the bus 3 days in a row
I did mean it literally! Hah, I like talking about weather in different places. :p
Hating the spring snow. I need some sun.
Thx 4 following tweeps! Pals Lounge is a great venue 4 hosting party's & shows contact 4 booking
Song 3: empty - tracks are sounding great
ASYI looking for a midday play ASYI could be a quick gainer keep a eye on this one
Whip Appeal is officially my favorite song. lol
Can't i just teleport to Italy?
i do.
See wha' ha' happen was
I really need my own space.I find myself listening to other ppls issues 20x a day.Fuck..
Words of wine wisdom: "A woman drove me to drink, and I'll be a son-of-a-gun but I never even wrote to thank her." ~ W. C. Fields
Work flow in a few!
Wow. Contagion does not hold up at all on second viewing. Wish I had time to watch movies twice before reviewing them.
Happy Easter from ! Our sincerest wishes for a great holiday!
My Growing is killn me cant even sleep ughh
the CMO wants to know if you are stopping by event tonight at the Tribune?
Our monsters R in hibernation for now. But U can bet, instead of visions of sugarplums dancing in their heads, it will be carnage instead :)
I loath snow lol.
spoonbill is the best tasting fish
Im not dumb wtf yall she never care likei do but its fun to dream
are you going to the Eat Mobile food art event on the 28th?
Love 2 see docs that prove those stats. BSD isn't showing those numbers nor is MSD. Are they corrupt or are projections optimistic?
my life would not be complete without Microsoft Excel
The Indiana County Fair is August 30th - September 5th 2009
only thing is ...there seems to be less and less of these people
top 3 replacements for Dale Hunter: Jim Zorn, Steve Spurrier, Bernie Bickerstaff.
if you don't want to be around someoneorpendtime with them be real about it from the jump don't make plans and stand them up
12:30am at a Santa Monica City Council meeting on the future of , , 's arts & culture. Vive democracy!
I WISH I used to own a boat.
Well at least the soul won today! 7-2!
The weather map says a big orange and red thing is headed our way.
Congratulations to periodicals' graduates: Lauren and Emma!
so can u tyoe up my #im agine now then?
'Rango' is not children's movie :-|
Yes!!! Acknowledgement is not apology. RT - Should Romney use this opportunity to address bullying?
Upper Arlington's school colors used to be orange and black. Gold and black were adopted in 1941 to better reflect the name Golden Bears.
I definitely think Benson is a better overall back than Jacobs.
We'll be sending out our Political Courage Test to congressional candidates in GA, TN, KS, MI, MO, WA next week. Tell ur reps!
Two students shot dead by police in Mexico for attempting burn down a gas station??
I LOVE YOUR METH LAB PICTURE <U+2665> OH BILLERICA
Hey man - how's the east coast treating you... RT : Hello sir!
Oh, you have to check it out. Takes some time to set up, but then you score free eBooks any time you want them.
That's how you run Papi.
Gluten Free Cookies that are chewy and delicious! We'd love to send you some. Lemon Frost, Chocolate Fudge and Snickerdoodle!
"If you knew everything I did ..... I'm as sick as it gets!"
have a wonderful week, thanks for the <U+2665>
I miss my best friend, wahhhhh
Do you feel lonely? The cause is our inability to develop an unshakable relationship with ourselves.
Everybody need to go cop Ab-Souls album.
Check out my new remix!
#traveltuesday Where #wouldyoulike to go to escape the winter?
have fun at the meet and greet
Just talked w/ Mouse over at 3D Wheels/Gila Wheels. Dude is dope. Gonna come off some of his 24" Vomit rims with a 3" drop from Chaotic- HTX
that's nice. Can't wait to see another episode of RHONJ. Love you and you are my fav Hope you Have a good weekend :)
Bow ties are cool
I cannot wait till our appointment tomoorow. I'm dying!!
Familiar... #texas RT : Also in #Ohio, plans to defund #PlannedParenthood will jeopardize #reprohealth of low-income/uninsured/...
#Rooney Mara you look fab in white! I vote #Jessica Chastain best dressed! Bronze and gold Greek goddess oh my and a former LATW actress!!
I hate that twitter line breaks are different after posting.
THE TALLEST president was Lincoln at 6'4"; at 5'4", Madison was the shortest. Happy President's Day
Sounds like you've pooled up a rather large volume of potential puzzle game enjoyment. Convert to kinetic!
Everything in nature is perfect, except to humans, we missed the mark of perfection while everything else continued as created
downloaded a "shoe shopping app"... Lord help me
Kudos to every public servant who ventures across boundaries to get better results for the people.
same mind set. Lol
Fitzpatrick making the bengals look foolish
“: Relationships nowadays = First week: I love you baby.. Second week: Together forever.. Third week: Single..”
Nice to see today at lunch today
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
“You won't realize the distance you've walked until you take a look around and realize how far you've been.”
I'm gunna to kill somebody.... I don't wanna be here....
you can count on me :)
How in the world is the world today?
Well, yeah. I mean that part hasn't changed about me.
Hi bitch.I have one bitch-y favor.Stop bitching, okay bitch? If you dont want to see me bitching the bitch out of the bitchy you
Up early bout to get the face chopped n screwed before I go to work
im all delayed, but so sad. how is georgia treating you?
Had a great day with the bf yesterday (:
Goodnight from Florida tomorrow night California
Nigga don't nobody want yo narrow behind
M.Vick gets 23 mnths in jail for killing dogs.George Zimmerman isn't even arrested for killing an unarmed black teenager Trayvon Martin.
Leaf from the Gutenberg Bible just sold for 45k at Bonhams. I did not win it.
I love you and my friends.:-)
I watched Greys anatomy last night and am watching it again right now... Still SO EMOTIONAL
It's freezing here in Hattiesburg, MS!
or maybe we ARE the troublemakers!
We got news for ya Atlanta! With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine!
Cool! I am also so glad you have that!
this moving thing is so frustrating!
What subjects do you find most difficult to capture when taking photos? Low light scenes? Action shots? Both can prove quite challenging.
Love the way we won that game. Speed kills.
When all your mom does is lecture/yell at you.
Who compiled the 101 Things To Do In Milwaukee, Matt?
Thrilled for a work at home day! ...Soon happy for the protests and popular rebellion in Egypt, against the US-backed authoritarian gov
But don't strain your ears to hear me. I am once again a mute.
100 digital shorts continue the brilliance on #SNL! Can't really repeat it but I will love it in secret. Don't tell.
I got called a faggot twice today. Odd.....
#ThingsLongerThanNorthKoreasMissileLaunch YouTube Advertisements
Just had a BLT unwich - man was it tasty ... plus no carbs from bread!
Sorry I'm late- made it to 's session!
Throw back a cold one after the Redhawks Game? If so, it's all happening.....TONIGHT AT WHISKEY CHICKS! See you there!
crossfit, Bikram, beer brewing, house cleaning, prep cooking, grant reviewing, Rock climbing, dog walking good time.
that piece is awesome. Did you just find it or do you know the dude who did it?
Omaaaaaarrrr - nice work! rt : So I did my good deed for the day and turned the homie onto
Morning all!!!
“: I got the job!” Congrats! Where at?
It's too hot in st. louis today<U+2600><U+2600>
#ThrowBackSongs I decided by R. Kelly, Downlow R. Kelly.
talk stupid, off witcha head.
Star ships were meant to fly hands up and touch the sky!!!
I love you like how millhouse loves lisa , like ninja turtles love pizza <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I think 2012 is starting Off great Today is my last day in mexico Going Back To San antonio TX Tomorrow yay xD
EVERYBODY knocked up!!!!!! Smh
Some people just need a hug.. around the neck.. with a rope.
not upset at all, I'd be worried if my squads weren't in top 25 for football and/or hoops in the same yr
I watch it whenever I'm bored! It's good. I like degrassi tho. Haha
People may lie but the eyes are the windows to the soul it will always reveal a persons true self
he only way you can beat the lawyers is to die with nothing.
IT'S CRAZY HOW PEOPLE SAY THEY HAVE UR BACK BUT THEY REALLY DON'T....
RT : Do you get a #snowday tomorrow? // my daughter gets her first #snowday with DPS closed!
First day of school
Shellac - lasts longer!
J2S that is messed up!!
#Nf my boy
church has childcare every time the doors oped not all places do- great idea!
No god girl (;
My TL Is Popping !
I want to know the DHS worker who thought "Oh these two kids have signs of abuse but the other four kids should be fine."
Definitely glad to be back home. Looking forward to a quiet evening with no chatty airline passengers. Just joyful kitties.
We are in need for some dinner prep #volunteers today from 4:30-6pm @ the Lawrence St. Shelter! If you can help, pls call Dan, 303.297.1815.
lmfaooo the ink is black the page is white lets stop racism and lets unite lolthat shit will smell like almond milk once I do
Junior Seau >>>>> Whoever your favorite linebacker is/was. Ray Ray's weak ass pre-game dance has nothing on the Seau fist pump.
Yep,just like her last album- we wrote Not Fragile & Counting w/Christina. Always a great time when we all get to collaborate
If Politicians Were More Concerned About Americas Economic Standing, Than They Are About Abortion, & Gay Marriage. We Might Actually Agree
CHECK OUT DEM TRAPS BABY
phew, that's a relief... In that case I'll cross my fingers for you!
So happy to have won a #Lisagor. Thank you !
You bet! How's your mom doing after her nightmare joint replacements?
Always great to meet with Nicole from Leaders like her make Milwaukee great.
Thanks brother! Life is grand. How you living?
currently reading Jack Gilbert's The Dance Most of All. BTW, I love your commodity aesthetics section at the store.
ask sid to do it. he does everything better
Gary, looks like this is the week that go over 3,000 tweets, wow! Leading the way for NC R&D and Ops!
Tommy: The colossus of clout! All: BABE RUTH! Ham Porter: THE GREAT BAMBINO! Smalls: Oh my god! You mean that's the same guy?
If GOP endorses candidate who can't win, Trump might run as independent who can't win.
I'll give it a shot.. just hoping it didn't get lost and then no way to track, etc.. we'll see.. thank you :)
Nice! I always get in Trouble in there though! Like a candy store.
We also serve their Cold Brew, which will come in handy on hot days. Drink it straight or on ice. Can't go wrong.
thanks for reading it's a new endeavour!
..I Been Dreaming For This Moment..
Oh dear heavens!! Thank you! No more babies for me.
Made a time table and plans for the International Week event in April! We need more members!
Follow expert solutions for value in health care
Another "falling down on the job" moment; watched MAN WITH A MOVIE CAMERA. Why had I not seen that or even knew about it?
All my reading group who liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a picture
Sounds good! =)
Meh, that's my take on it.
I feel like the luckiest girl in the world!!! :)
Went to Little Anita's,Nacho's ,and Combination plate (Orange Fanta)Ohh so GOd!
Definitely not, Especially after a 3-day weekend.
I will be Cricket Wireless Store on 2900 N. Classen Oklahoma City Friday 17 3:30/ 6 pm,
A1: If they don't know what The Bean is they just want to go walk around downtown (weather permitting) ;)
We are at the game and it is rocking tonight!! We have one kicka$$ team guys.
Im so board
Just when you thought things couldn't get any worse.
can you dm with contact info please
Bout to rock the SOBs stage at SXSW, 8pm...with Maya Azucena, hot business
Paul, that you pledge to carry on his legacy - your grandfather couldn't wish for a lovelier sentiment! May he rest in peace.
I pissed her, You kissed her, You fell in love with her, I think I miss her, You took her on a tour, Tried to pimp her
oh okay
"Casino Night" is the best episode of any show ever.
Fun Fact: I make a fool of myself much more than I'd like to admit.
you're the bum, bum. Why are you on the eastside?
Researching the Cochrane Family of Brooklyn, NY!
goodnight! I'm out x)
whenevers clever pretty lady!!
lol i bet
lemmmmmme guess you know the secret too?
if Austin does come to London, would you come with me?:D
Ahh awesome hey what section u @?
Check out the new Reshape travel blog at: www.reshapethenation.com/blog/ Be prepared when traveling on holiday!
There's a strong implication that Zimmerman's "Jewishness" is the reason he's not being brought 2justice. This is wrong &dangerous
Just purchased 2 tickets for each the Italian Sausage, Nyjer Morgan, Bob Uecker & Aramis Ramirez bobblehead games this summer. Go !
Rugged Maniac Jax - CONQUERED! Outstanding!
Where do people get almost 20 million all cash to buy a penthouse in nyc?
Such a nice fall day... Wait.
Gotta get a stop
great night for David Estrada!! awesome way to start MLS play!!!
HAHA! Me too... Can't do it while driving, so I take care of it before I leave the lot. Safety first, right? :)
Almost time for on #TheVoice. Great getting to see him show his skills every other week on TV
Canó with nice double!!!
jay mohr came into my world and didn't like it when someone dished out his own medicine. Apology I gave was a low point 4 me
M. Brunos. Grew up with that. Heading east . . . thanks.
COUNTDOWN: Today launches its third group of business experts. The Portland, OR business community will never be the same.
Sleep is #1 on my list for better life balance. Heading off to bed! 5:30 in the morning comes awfully early!
welcomes all the schools and individuals in town this week for the NCAA Regional men's golf tournament at the Grandover.
but we should be worried about Terps? No one is back but Faust
You're killing me. Now craving pistachio...
RT : S/o to and shuttin' it down at relay for life last night
I need GPS for when I decide to look into myself
On the road again! Presenting today at the NYC Tealeaf RUG on Site Optimization and Your Ecosystem.
they had it at one time! I have one. Wanted another one but they didn't have them anymore. So sad!
with Liariano throwing only half of his pitches for strikes shouldn't the horrid sox get some credit?
to position herself for a spot in the Romney campaign!
RT Congrats to Josh Hamilton for breaking my total base record for Texas rangers history yesterday.
thanks following me ....
When you bring Baby Espo & to come visit me, yo.
That article was reasonably well written but didn't mention increase of Africanized Honey Bees we r seeing in Central Fla now
Haha - good one. Is it morning reference desk time down in Austrailia? Slow here in the states for law students these days.
DROP THE BASS
Heading into the turn with Bagman for the race..
Somebody to love, Queen
My Guitars are Ready to Rock Tonight!!!
Full Color Rush Printing Service at NYC Printing 123. Get the best of both worlds. Why wait weeks when you can get your print job in as...
Sick, behind in all of my classes, stressed, and upset!
I think I'd rather watch the documentary!
“ “ Communication + Trust = A relationship that will last a lifetime..””
we're good on that topic. John knows Ryan D and got the lowdown on FBW a few weeks ago. Are you digging it?
Got your tickets for the Mixer? If not, get them TODAY! You don't want to miss this event! Look for us at the campus center all next week!
I'm a sleepaholic. When I'm without I'm a bitch. In the summer I try to snag at least 14 hours of sleep
#HighBloodPressure Tetanus Tetanus
Show tonight! Who's stoked?!
sunday feels good when no work on monday
Hey! You all play nice!
The Pit & SCCF Present The #Pit #Combative #Physical #Training #Certification on September 12th! Call for more info!
H & M clothes are made in latvia! Represent!
ATTN RESTORATION HEADHUNTERS; Scored a near perfect Performance Review! But I'm not ready leave. These men are making sure their Marketing …
It's your love, just does something to me..sends a shock right through me, I can't get enough. <U+2764>
A critical but ambitious question: "What is the platform play?" -- at
hey i saw ur blog would love 2 chat & see if u might be interested in working with us to market legends and have a revshare
doing the half. The real one is way to long
#GoPackGo One year ago on this day we dominated our second road game on the way to XLV. Today at home for our first will be no different.
thanks so much for the kind message -- keep up the good work! Your efforts benefit us all. :)
yes let's stick our phaces in it
To get rich make the conscious choice to change your inner blueprint to fully believe you're deserving and worthy to be rich.
Hindenburg's company had appealed to US for helium but was denied. It flew with flammable hydrogen.
That ball was headed foul, but the catcher Bob Kearney grabbed it anyway and got tangled up with Langston. Wow!
lol see should've beat her pretty lil brains out I head banging against the headboard & errthing
Hooray for the Innovative Interfaces help desk! Thanks to them I'm back in business
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
#scdebate---question for foreign policy. Pay and help others who can or would pay and help us.....we give money away to countries
You mean have EVER won all 4?? I was talking about the last *2* decades. If u go back to the 80s, the D has 3 NBA, 4 NHL, 1 WS.
It's all about mindfulness, being present, compassion...this goes for social media and businesses.
Boring saturday night:/
Listening to the new EP "Gemini" from Jack and White. SO GOOD. and be makin some magic y'all! www.jackandwhite.com
the new york post photo shoot and my - New York Mom|The Mama ...
what color?
1630 strides 1 min intervals of 10/2 and 10/6. Nice warm up for doing some weights now.
Are you heading there?
Thanks for following me in the fist place :-) appreciate it.<3
My baby is all sweet to me. Telling me that she loves me and what not(:.
Y am i laying here hungry wen i got sum pizza in da oven ready fo me
i know!
Themistocles~ I have with me two gods Persuasion and Compulsion.
So Cox should keep his objections to himself for the time being.
Lol.The Xfactor is not going 2 give 5 million 2 u.They are going 2 bind u 2 them as a musical slave&decide how they will spend&use the 5mil!
It might be what you see, or is it?
Congrats! So are you an official rocket scientist now? Cool
That went fast!! Really fast. I'm really good. Recording some new songs today :)
looking forward to it! RT : hopefully you can make it to our session today :)
I actually haven't had time to read it yet - too much grad school reading to read something for fun, unfortunately.
#LiesPeopleAlwaysTell Stop Lying! You were broke BEFORE the recession
Awaiting the arrival of one of my faves....and DONUTS!
The new domino's pizza is great, spicy, no more plain tasting. The commercial was true
school was cool for today :p but my best friend joesph wasnt here! -__-
I love twitterlessbekah so much.
Which family did you compete w/on FF? “: Some game shows I've been on: Family Feud (with the Leave it to Beaver cast...
<U+2665><U+2665>Headed out to have lunch and spend some time with my Baby on Valentine's Day!!!<U+2665><U+2665>
one day I'll share ice cream with (: <3
Making running a everyday thing(:
Which Academy Award-Winning Actress Is Seeing (Way Too Many) Stars? Sometimes the stars wear clothes, and sometimes the clothes wear star
Our country spends the most on health care, but we are far from the healthiest industrialized nation
ah, alas! out here in LA. We'll keep ya posted if we hear of anything though.
SO MANY THOUGHTS, 2 MANY EMOTIONS, I AM SO BROKEN RIGHT NOW, I NEED MY LOVE 2 COME BACK 2 ME, LIFE SEEMS DEAD WITHOUT HER, :(
As long as Wilson has coaches willing to make a few concessions to his height, he has chance to succeed. Unbelievable leader.
The fact that we only had one B day this week and I'm not there >
you're more than welcome to join some time!
I hope they gave her a wine glass full of Weiss Beer LoL
How do you acquire and keep rich friends? I suggest dinner | Andrew Martin: There must be a cautionary note in o..
Just biked around my new town of Paide and enjoyed some retail therapy. Surprisingly, I managed to make it home without getting lost.
He's in and I'm out. It's like I don't exsist anymore...you'll need some one though and he won't be there.
latte please...thanks.
One of my favorite places to picnic is Bird Park at the top of Pershing Dr.
Hahaha check ur text RT : pick up, too much classical right now
I am sad that #NicolasSarkozy lost the election; he always made me laugh.
#mydumbinjury not wearing my seatbelt, hitting the windshield n spouting my forehead open <U+E413>
Im single *happy dance* lol :p
You can catch me hitting the blunt, tweeting like a muthafcka !
welcome to twitter!!
When I tell someone something & they immediately start defending the person I'm talking about. Fuck sake, I was just telling you, calm down.
last weekend before spring break ends :(
Love it! RT : I'm playing Ella & Duke as I type!
seriously, fuck you right now.
Are you coming to the San Diego Music & Technology Conference? Me n Vakas would love to see you there!
Uh... Why is stealing my drink?
That does not sound like a very fun scenario.
fuck i hate opening new restaurants because my day offs are rare to happen
man it's hot...
Sure is!!
I really hate the word 'fag' (any form of it) like seriously people who use that word are effing dumb.
This Clippers crowd is strangely quiet. Weird.
Howdy! Lady
On the way to the rodeo! Yeehaw!
Sometimes you forgive people simply because you still want them in your life !
I have Time Warner and it's not showing the most recent one yet. Can't get #HBOGO to work. Am about to cancel and hack!
We would like to know that too!
Tomorrow for lunch, New Montgomery & Mission, 11-2pm. Kale pie is back.
#10ThingIHate bad days
all we are is dust in the wind
WE BE LOST!!!
You don't get hangovers from drinking. You get hangovers from stopping drinking.
Headed to the set. Pretty excited about my first gig in LA. :-)
Im off need to do my homework now.
Dimension should be ashamed of this thing. It looks like it was shot for $500 and a pack of smokes.
that shit goes hard
Just got my Square in today. I cant wait to use this for my non-profit!
Beckett could've just gone and worn a hat. I feel cheated.
for real dough! You just wreck like that! LOL. :-¡
Lets do this! RT : Had so much fun at the Bootcamp Challenge I signed up for the next weekend. Should be fun!
Looking for a predictive dialer with no contract or extra charges? #magnalogix is your source for top-notch hosted dialing. 866.460.6611
u get on my last nerve...
The school were you gotaaaa Watch your BACK .
what did he have to say?
Whoo! An hour and a half of talking, laughing, and some crying (:D), but all in all, very happy night!
just ordered Chinese food , ready to eat !
Or maybe I should have known.
I agree, this conference has made me take a real look at improving and investing in technology.
aramis rameirez finally has a clutch hit.. gotta give credit when credit is due... now start hitting the ball you overpaid bum.
yayayay! just got a new flip video camera cant wait to start using it! (not to mention it is going to be great for the slopes.)
If you haven’t made your Mother’s Day reservations yet, we suggest you get in gear! Call 7188527800 for details & reservations!
That moment when you know Someone has been lying for a while but you just continue to act like you believe it...
A diamond in the rough.
Nah Too Sheezy...
awesome Destynee, thanks so much! :)
Free coffee with every oil change! We come to you for a change,
Nardelli asked for investigation, then "vamoosed".
Thanks for your excellent contributions to the discussion, Troy!
today on the bus a girl almost hit me in the head..with her foot. wtf was your foot doing by my head? keep your damn feet on the ground.
How and why would one ever consider a micro blog as a full site replacement anyway?
Meeting for Gogo girls
Is it just me or is Bill O'reilly the biggest dumb ass on TV. Just listened to about 2 minutes of 1 of his rants. No facts, morals just hate
Just watched a cop kill a raccoon in front of my house....sweet.
At work :) i hope everyone have a great day :)
Couch-ella .. my kind of joke haha #rethinkmusic I watched it on the computer too
. is helping celebrate OB's 125th Anniversary with a nice pale ale. But you can only buy in OB. Happy 125th Bday OB!
Just 2 days until will be working from the Seattle HQ. So pumped!
#ireallymiss being on the basketball team
#findthecureforcancer lets trend it for && all the people who have any type of cancer!
Everyday im trippy lighting up my city
I love you --have a great birthday!
Small irony in 'death of syndication good for hyperlocal' talk is how much 'syndication' u see for pubs running multiple nearby news sites
Don’t treat clients as cash cows - get passionate about it, take control of it, and embrace them as part of the process
Time for chur--er no, wait...time for tech! Don't get your hopes up, Jesus.
Denver is shooting lights out over the lakers right now.
ha! I welcome your uterus TMI with open arms.
Make friends before you need them
"repeal Obamacare" Repeal #NAFTA while your at it.
IMHO, #memorialday should honor only those of the armed forces. Sorry police & firemen.
My boys are 9-0! What a great game. Time to get some beauty sleep!
joins and next.
on my way to meet up with other #sxswnp peeps for some BBQ at the Salt Lick. m... ?
yhu were a beast @ the All American game.....im was there nd yhur 1 uv the first girls i've seen dunk :)
Eating Chicken Enchilada Soup from #rolypoly restaurant in EP! So delicious! I recommend! Anyone ever been here?
Now that I have found out what bon vivant means, I am determined to become just that. After I eat this cinnamon toast.
Dave Roberts?
Loving my new iPhone!
I hate crying but i seem to be doing it so much lately.
ok, enough procrastination--or whatever you want to call it. #amwriting toward my goal of 1200 words today.
Stop Searching - Valencia
Want to thank for all the support you have given us! Excited for a BIG summer!
have had to curl my hair for the past 3 weekends in a row for shows! My hair is crying, I feel your pain girl
well I blame you! Lol you don't hang with us anymore!
Dang wish you were here, I can't dance period but sure wish I could. I am so uncoordinated.
2-0 Miami Spanked that ass twice in a row!
Jack Johnson - Better Together - 11:28 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Our drummer's () double pedals came in today ;)
It is not enough to be busy So are the ants. The question is 'What are we busy about'? ~HenryDavidThoreau
well, that was fast! new guy is now the old guy. like everyone else... we're hiring! you wanna program? you got a clearance? hit me up!
“: I kinda want to make out with ..... too bad hes married!” ya, cuz we all know if they're married you behave..
Reminding myself that each new stage in my career has involved an extended time of learning new skills while earning a living with the old.
what time is the #mithipo going to be announced? I want to be on Twitter when that happens
For those interested, they fixed the listing for MJ's house. 15-car garage.
'Keane Just a Little Too Keen.'
Just landed in Chicago!
3D imax or normal screen?
": See 's Jean Paul Gaultier dress double-take! Well I guess Dita didn't get notice of career suicide for connection
"Opportunities are seldom labeled." John A. Shedd
what's your name? i'll follow you.
RT : Hey my Veeple, countdown to 2nd episode of #veep begins now.
I'm not going to lie Gates, Jackstack and Oklahoma Joes are legit. You should ask your boy since he is from here.
Had a Flaygrantly disappointing lunch from
If I do it right, Wednesdays are my "Marathon" days. Pump,Shoulders,RPM, Insanity, Butt.........Tommorow I sleep in :)
"Have you ever tried simply turning off the TV, sitting down with your children, and hitting them?"
I will do so. Coming soon! RT : Pic RT I just cut all my hair off
I feel like I just went through a break up. Ugh! This is weird. I hope I didn't break his heart too much. :(
then its summer vaca ;)
The game was lost by the LSU coach who failed to make player changes to improve chemistry.
RT : ESPN Films should make a documentary from last night's baseball epicness.
help trend
i could help you with that, my friend. Psst your move
Can't seem to find pepsi throwback any more. I wish coke came out with a non-corn syrup drink. Sigh.
That's why I don't even wear shorts to school.
Starting for the Jam tonight: Butch, Wise, Koch, Major, and Leslie!
“ Kill confirmed. ... "Grandma please, not at the funeral."”
good luck tonight
K home n relax and deal with this migraine !!! :p
Cool. The U.S Royalty/Grace Woodroofe show was awesome.
I'm not wearing shoes lol you should know this !
hello nurse!
Is there a way for me to get beer out of this?
I have to catch up! there are 2 on DVR wating for me!!!
Good Morning and #ShineYourDivine today! Soon we will be announcing the speakers for the Conference and some #Angelic wisdom!
I wanted YOU though...
#FOLLOW me and <U+2665>
wednesday definitely
Don't know what day I thought it was
ha I knew you'd say something. All that matters is that he'll be wearing a #cubs uniform next year... Enjoy it while ya can
Thanks. I do t use yhis account any more. Follow the one i do. or
Okay it's laws everywhere on da freeway.
Bout time to up the gym
Off to Indy for First Class Mentor Training at headquarters! Taking service to another level! :-D
I just don't believe things
Living well and beautifully and justly are all one thing. ~Socrates
Our silent bike auction of 120 classic bikes is on Sunday 9am-11am at 2434 S. Western ave. photos WWW.Workingbikesorg/auction
When I uncover a light within my time, you insist to veil it, as if to deny me the contentment of life
but u r a beautiful B!! lol
was here :) I love you !!
Residence Renovation for UC Santa Cruz winner is on saturday!!
me and my fucking typos.
Its a beautiful morning!!
Editing Isolation Man!
RT : Dear Madonna: Using "MDNA" is a very catchy, double entendre for an album title. Sadly for you, it is not 1994.
El Clasico Trailer 21042012True HD - football cards
if you come to florida & I meet you I will probably cry , because you're my inspiration <33
wow bro!! #amazing ! Follow back?
Beautiful day in #Denver #Colorado!! Sunny and 60 degrees!! Getting excited for #baseball and summertime!!!
Hope you had fun! (: you and the guys are awesome.
good luck with the travels, nicole!
I should really wear new contacts before people start thinking I'm a stoner
"All of this work is now in your hands." Kubrick writes to projectionists on etiquette for Barry Lyndon. No pressure, guys bit.ly/mxTFmB
$200 in gas cards to be given away before the next commercial break. Tune in to CBS 58 now!
Did you ever eat too much?
This makes me think of that segment on HEE HAW where grandpa would reel off the dinner menu...
stage fright (me)....okay over it....twatting again!
congrats! :-) Bet it feels amazing. Sadly, I'll be stuck with contacts for the rest of my life - meh. Could be worse! :-)
happy birthday to my kryptonite <3
#9 Reason for Nissan to end operations in Iran: Your partner Pars Khodro is directly tied to IDRO who is working on Iran’s nuks
at this point i need someone to pass the eyeball test. Miller did tonight til he got hurt.
follow back homie
Yes “ I wish see get off the mic wit that half bob lol”
My dad's farts are killer. Fucking death bombs.
Sachal Vasandani, vocals; Rene Hart, bass; & Greg Gonzalez, drums.
Apparently it's not that hard to believe that I'm a coke-head.
excellent UCONN game, hoping St Johns wins so there can be a little payback
That's ruthless. Was that you who dunked it?
#ThingsThatBotherMe : Red Necks in oversized trucks who speed, swerve and tailgate but have no real place to go.
Super excited about my first day of the new job today!
Don't ever quit pursuing your dreams. Getting things lined up for our Rail Jam this month! Boarders be ready
Last week we worked with 6 schools in Udaipur. 500 students enrolled in this years Peace Exchange project. Let's Create Peace
Hey Hillsborough County drivers - be careful out there! I-275 looks messy according to Chuck at
so my phones will send messages to everyone excpet one person. Guess who.
anytime! It's a nice change in pace and good start to the weekend.
The end of Blame Game >
RT Nothing is better than Ma! // Jah will help you through.
Under the circumstances of this case. Yes. Because it was not self defense
RT : #5DollarsWorth empoyproduction will create this animated cartoon Christmas ecard greeting video with your logo for $5...
Not really... “: So...anything interesting going on today?”
"An error occurred during validation." weird bro haha
I wish I could find someone to have fun with or to date everyone sucks!!! :/
Gian and I are discussing when he should come over. He wants to come over right when my parents leave, no bueno.
I have a Mr. Bubble tee shirt!!! I love it! I'll have to send you a pic later haha
A few paragraphs would be great, though we may have to distill it down even further. Brief is due in early June, so ASAP, really!
Wait for the person that makes you feel beautiful just by looking at you.
Also I was *not* thrilled to see the preview of #Loopers... too similar in concept to my Adjusters, but i guess nothing's new under the sun.
can you email me the address where I can send money for subscription.
Biggest *actual* threats to freedom in the US today: losing your job, losing house to foreclosure, and lobbyists' campaign donations.
A young buck? I have 2 girls; 7 & 9; don't laugh, but never discount Baby Einstein product efficacy! It's quite pre-Montessori.
Which day of the week do ghosts like best? Moandays.
Petrino out at Arkansas. I wouldn't mind seeing him throwin around a headset on UK's sidelines
Florence, Le roux, grand ol party, yeah yeah yeahs, tallest man in the world and the allman brothers should get you going.
Your grasp on the definition of "snivel" is as tenuous as on "liberal."
Good night everyone
let's try to meet early next week
H0T WiNGS WiTH RANCH AND BUFFAL0 SAUCE, BEER, AND F00TBALL. PERFECT SUNDAY AFTERN00N..... FUCK WiTH ME!!!
Congratulations. 6 years will go by real fast, too.
soon and very soon!
raigan I got a twitter!
Day off and im feeling so lazy
RT : "Yes ladies and gentlemen, love is the secret to saving the world" -
Loving the weather
Just had a great st. patty's day at a Mexican restaurant drinking margaritas with Mark, Chris and Pedro!!!
Dan Machlin: "Um, Corrie and I practiced the same poem so I'm gonna read it backwards."
#GWU #BlackHistoryMonth Celebration continues today with cultural African food in
Tweeting while in the hospital having a baby?! That's a little TOO far with the social media addiction.
It's official. I have just received an email from Sony saying my details have been stolen via PSN. ...More pissed I can't play COD online.
It is such a beautiful day!!! I think I want to go down to the river and take this all in.
Thank you my friend !
we had a kid pee himself before every 4x4 to loosen us up but I think yours wins
do you have time for a coffee this afternoon or tomorrow afternoon or on 21st or 22nd May?
and we won't give an inch.
World go boom
of course along wit the ambition amid drive.
Judge Payne, IN "We have 100 power users that are case workers that continuously test the Case Commons system."
Due to illness, the buying counter is closing at 4:30. Sorry folks! See you tomorrow at 10 a.m.
It's Thursday which, as my friend Robin says, is connected to Friday. NOT SOON ENOUGH!
Just tapped, Russian River Brewing Damnation Belgian Golden Ale (replaces Tricerahops Double IPA)
Proud and happy to see Dallas pick up an epic shut down corner in Morris Claiborne. Our defense is shaping up ever-so-nicely!!
Burnin' off that intimacy barrier that beer built.
There are at least three different musics playing right now. I think the refrigerator is open.
I know what it is...
along with a good number of its subscribers
haha i know kinda sucks! but no problem!!!
Must. Stop. Playing. Angry. Birds
morning!!! more like good afternoon cause i just woke up xp but anyways have a GRAND DAY!! :D
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Dr. Fresh Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
Thank you for the RT - hope you have a Gr8 weekend!
love NE! I did a program at the Durham in Omaha. What is a "google-certified teacher?"
Happy Monday! What #print and #marketing news are you following this morning?
#TopLies...... i have read the terms and agree to following pshhh THEY LIED.!!! ctfu
Dam south fla weather make me sick but cafe iguana just might be my medicine
Lovely. My prep help for tomorrows brunch for 500 just heismann-ed me. I'm gonna be a chopping fool this evening. Team of me!
I'm sorry! Will you ever forgive me?
No I thought you did a firebelly board?!?
Let's go griz!
see suellen's fat lip came when these crazies started attacking us, so I whipped my man purse & hit her instead..oh well-accidents happen ;)
It's Supposed to be over 85 degrees tomorrow and i have to march in a parade in our heavy marching band uniform.
see TT told us they wouldn't be the youngest team in the NFL in 2010
wait 2 the basketball season go bulls
ordered online! Will photograph upon arrival
And.... everyone will spam Austin in a few seconds. #predictable (;
Hey at Washingtonian Center in Gaithersberg. When I pay $17 for tix, it would be nice if the cinema wasn't a mess. Clean up.
RT : Just went through King Tut at Childrens Museum of Indy. The 5yr old: "Where are the dinosaurs? These are not dinosaurs!"
i need help forming an exploratory committee to run for Prez. also need sixhundredmillion bucks. anyone?
Men may wear the pants...but women control the zipper! :)
I'm really glad I get back 3 days before the recall election. I wouldn't want to miss the vote.
love the
"When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you won't be the victim of needless suffering." Don Miguel Ruiz
wait you've already seen our awkward moments video?!?!
lol. we shall trust each other w/ our twitter accounts.... righ?
Andy Parrino needs more starts just for the fact that he uses Kyoto as his walk up song
Found a doritto in the front pocket of my scrubs. It's gonna be a good day.
your so right. im childish. i apologize for my childishness
Fraser gets question on representing diversity with all Greek ticket
ALL IN A BOX Moving and Storage Center and its latest innovation of Portable Storage form part of a network of Long Distance Moving Companie
#Bbworld11 Going over report card for past year.
My new kitty is so awesome ^3^
why, thank you. I think its due to almost 39 years of having this name. ;)
I'm here but no direct experience managing sales force. Just lurking (and eating).
Manning throwing for Bronco brass at Duke right now and Titans have workout coming too. Miami out of it officially
'i love yu!
Well it don't take much. I'm a sucker for the little things :)
Do you know what I think about you? Do you know what I feel is true?
Oh I'm 100% into that. GREAT IDEA, that Adrian!
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. - Mohandas Gandhi
...and as I ran by, I traded my purple apple juice for regular apple juice. Bc WTF is purple apple juice?
and take a shawer
Yes, between coffee zone and chez monet RT : Wait? We are getting a Jimmy John's in downtown #JCMO?
That's all you got to say ? Pshhh,
Wat are you doing?
lol. You are hilarious...
Alcohol; because no good story starts with, "that one time I ate a salad."
Getting ready for Tolo! Should be really fun! Going to Olive Garden first!
Jodeci - My Heart Belongs To You is stuck in my head
Don't go out of your way for someone who won't go out of their way for you.
It makes me happy to know has my back, in that she will stab my enemies in the back.
is excited the www.iheartonenote, a new community site for people who love Ontenote is now live
Picked up my #wbnamerica books this AM -- delighted and proud to be one of the 25,000 volunteer #bookgivers in this great literacy event!
Let's be honest , Ray Felton doesn't stink any more.
I was sitting on the street corner in Philly just now and someone drove by blasting one of your songs.
Our album #AMP contain more John Mayer samples than you could ever dream of hearing. DL for free!
Second movie of the week: This means war.
That awkward moment when you think someone's waving at u so u wave back feeling VERY stupid o_o
RT : Good morning. Remember: Lithuania plays at 1030AM. This is probably more of a reminder for myself than for you. Good night.
Surrender is not peace, it is the acceptance of slavery.
How is it that says degraded women last night on #TheVoice and then she didn't even bother to wear pants tonight
I saw all those "shitty monday" tweets. Wheres the "tgif" tweets? Or did everyone finally start treating every day equally?
Awaiting the arrival of our third born. Life is about to change...again!
At GED about to leave doing good :)
thanks! Proud to represent #MIT #MITEF and
Watching the snow fall. There's a foot on the ground and 6-12 predicted for tomorrow.
puertorican & black mixed have honestly always been my favorite
no one would notice :(
#audibles will the lions make the playoffs?
Needs an intervention... about to buy the Hellraiser Remake! -V
#Watching Hoot in biology!(:
prolly one of the best workouts you will ever get!
It's amazing how much choreography my brain can hold!
Frightened baby of friend!
No...but I last used it to clean my sneaks after stepping in Kaylas secret stash. Meant to throw it out.
Five miles is the new three miles.
Hope you're enjoying yourself! Can't wait to hear all about your trip! MISS YOU! (ss&i tried sending you a pic) did you get?
Your shit is dope. My 9 yo daughter has a claw sticker on her notebook, my g/f has your shit all over the house.
Just lowered 2 rates in New York at locations in #PennStation and the #Financialdistrict. Can't bea a $50/mo virtual office! Go Davinci!
I'm sayin'. Some women just have it all the way wrong.
SaberCats find top spot of the Week 1 Coaches' Poll.
Be Brave. Shine. Be A Light Among Men. For You Are More Than You've Ever Allowed YourSelf To Be. #spirituality #light # love
My bus sounds like a plane taking off.
doing nothing
1st bike ride since December. Chain and gears totally rusty, required toothbrushing and lubing, then pannier hook wrapped around hub. [+]
bro i was looking for my fucking boyfriend to sing to me today, where the hell they at with the tardy music?
jumped on Twitter on April 19 and already has more than 13.000 followers. Stay tuned for great news about her new Jazz CD
Lyngrovewines Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Cover the canvas at the first go, then work at it until you see nothing more to add. - Camille Pissarro
On my lunch break.
Nice response, but the article assumes the LGBT folks should care what ACU thinks. A faulty assumption, IMHO.
cool and thanks Imma dm you in a few
Falling in love is easy. Keeping it isn't.
but non of the Yankees won the gold glove award tho
I know! Haha(:
It'll be nice to hear Timbers broadcaster John Strong join Talk Timbers at 7pm on 750 The Game. He'll update fans on his status.
Finally a hot shower. Now if I could get more than six hours of sleep.
That feeling right after you hook up with a girl. (Y)
was so chatty in my dreams!
Congrats David Gilbert CEO Cleveland Sports Commission Distinguished American Award at NE OH Natl Football Foundation banquet!
Thx..it did after girl "training" me got upset and went home. I don't USUALLY have that effect on people :o I'm HAPPY 2b workg.
The Great Online on radio today 11:00AM to 11:30AM MST -listen on 560 AM in Denver or via Internet stream at www.560thesource.com
I heard the 3rd base joke... Good one, Sir. :)
Giants are playing pretty good but it's more the falcons are that bad
ahaha keep asking and I promise they will(:
I love money May
Any questions for the panel?
Oh just rub it in why dont ya!
and other good stuff!
oh and bob told us you were allergic to nj - hope that isn't the case :)
i want to go swimming so badly.
we'll keep you posted!
hey sweetie I see u sick well get well soon
give the best for a christmas gift and go online at kandizone.com
Tonight just might be a #teambatum night. Good first quarter
When will the rain stop :(
My room is CLEAN again! <U+2728><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
That movie used to make me cryy. :(
turn off- guys that take pictures while doing gang signs!
USA USA USA. Adu starting wow.
whoa thats out by my house!
you're not a show off if you're that good #BOOM!
sorry Coach.. Just thought it would be funny.
Happy Thanksgiving from the GR team at #Northeastern!
but truthful lol
At any rate, let us love for a while, for a year or so, you and me. That's a form of divine drunkenness that we can all try.
New Summer Hair Accessories at Chika Chika!!! Visit us inside the Galleria at Sunset in Henderson!!!
Omw to #Work 12 hour shift today
Thank you! And you know it. Just let me know when!
arriving May 2 anything going on Wednesday night? Is Frenchmen Street bumpin on a Wednesday?
#Follow for interesting articles on the political scene in #Milwaukee. Don't forget to #vote!!
Definitely! lol I can do without the Irish kind though #Nasty!
On the hunt for a green shirt.
When you have control over your thoughts, you have control over your life.
On a cold day doesn't a warm Cinnamon Roll sound scrumptious?
Just did that with a polymer base last week. Caught it just as it happened but left the base with 4 little dimples.
Are you okay??
oh my! GOOD LUCK!
Looking for a new independent film to get involved with. What's up artists? Anyone need an assistant director or writer?
We got our issue of Printwear in the mail today did you? Q&A issue is our favorite!
Ha! I love that! Thank you. RT "Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death."
yeah Chicago is pretty awesome i'm sure you'll have plenty to explore
u missed Mrs. S randomly telling us it was national cat day and me like cracking up to myself thinking about Harry haha
If only my iPhone had bbm.
awe lucky! :) my German teacher was trying to talk to me but I was just like I CAN'T HERE YOU OVER MY HEAVY BREATHING ...
We'll have to see if there is a place in San Antonio, I get into town just after noon on the Wednesday :-)
1/3 to 2/3 of pregnant women get gum disease CloSYS kills the #bacteria & help U stay healthy www.closys.com/research.html#3 Avail
:). And for that, you earn my eternal admiration. Respect girlfriend. Respect.
ohh you nerdy
nice chattin w y'all. will gladly field any The South Qs lol
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 1
I got that e-mail and thought oh dear gawd why do I not live in NYC?
Green light out, SE corner of 14th and Harvard NW.
spent the past 8 hours revising one paper. It'd better be high-quality. Ready to work on my Mao translation!
I hate fighting with the one person I want to talk with the most.
Hey I totes just talked about how freakin awesome you are with dsav for like a million hours! <3
Need to get tan before tomorrows competition .
Department of Motor Vehicles I assume? They fund everything.
VDay Promo good thru the end of Feb. Two phone coaching sessions for $200 Purchase by Feb29 & must use by Mar31.
Munoz: challenge to think experimentally and know that processes in scholarship are changing.
Really AWESOME what you are doing with the cookbook and I love your Profile statement! Keep up the great work
~ Happy Birthday, Derek!!!
I somehow fucked up the password oh God I am so inept.
I Only Fuck Wit Niggahs Who Will Carry Me In My Hurst !
Dear human, you get mad at me if I wake you, you get mad at me if I don't. Sincerely, confused alarm clock.
#USOpen Women Finals Serena needs to buckle down Samantha Stosur is looking strong
it's not my own mortality, but the powering through capitalism/patriarchy/human-ill involved to keep h. safe & flourishing
question I didn't come across in your book. I have trouble moving seats to get position on fish because I think it (cont)
: About a buck fifty...
I love him! He is the ultimate gentleman.
Our recent marketing survey revealed that 88% of departments have hired additional business development talent recently
What are you up to? Late Night Happy Hour at 10. $5 Drafts.
Success!? I think might be responsible.
Please have her body in my house by 2am...no bag, preferrably gift wrapped. Tks.
Kindness is in our power, even when fondness is not
I have a gift certificate to the Kennedy Center they expire the end of 2012. The only thing that looks decent is Addam's Family.
Mario Chalmers the type of dude that'll let the coach and players smash his chick to get playing time.
all organic too :)
Alabama where both grandma from so go figure lol
#FridayReads Finishing up THE ONE AND ONLY IVAN by Excellent animal narrative for middle-graders who can handle the sad parts.
Can't get the song, "At The Beach" by the avett brothers out of my head. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> la la la la la
I madly leap from 100 tweets to 101.
Hey, "gone too soon" is powerful! Awesome stuff, man. Really speaks to us
About to bus home, I'm driving over. Soon baby<3
My former Healthwatch colleague is both a foreign policy guy and, starting Monday, a foreign-policy guy. Follow him!
Most off days left? How does that work? We have the same number of games played as STL?
Europeana & ARROW metadata about unproven & disputed rights claims: "Garbage in, garbage out."
“: "the past can hurt, but the way I see it.. You can either run from it, or learn from it"”
“: "I think the city that we’re from just kinda ruined things.. It’s such a small place, not much to do but talk and listen"”
looking for some song ideas for the shows, whats some of ya'll's favorites?-BH
come join us post highlight tapes and photos for free. get exposure today for free
Worst day ever :(
Ugly man is hot tonight. About damn time.
it's a big test that determines what class your gonna be in next year you take reading math and science
Company is sending me to help Universities set up accounting organizations at the universities
Hey Jeremiah, noticed that your ssl cert is down. I know that you are a pro at this, but let us know if you need help.
Why do local TV weathermen make up names that sound like pornstars?
Oh for fucks sake.
Battlefield Los Angelos makes the Marines look like beasts! This movie is crazy action packed! S/N: I CLEARLY should be sleep right now...
I thought you liked that dog? What happened?
safe travels. Maybe ill c u @
He seriously said "im not supposed to drink with this medication"
So in the final analysis, could it be that we are fighting a war that can't be won?
He said it! "I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel." - Puff Daddy
myfriend just called me cuz shes in an argument with another girl over whether "sex on a stick" is a real saying or not. i have cool friends
Please follow me !!!!!!! It would mean a lot to me
So, what's the best way to teach students about things like the World Bank or the G8, without a significant bias? Teach both sides?
that's good- crappy for them
lmao “: How does a strippers car get repo'd? I thought them bitches got money...”
2012 legislative session is underway!
Between this #WalkerRecall & the votes in #NorthCarolina I might just move 2 Canada - not bc I agree or disagree but bc its
i just realized, kanye was dissin amber rose in theraflu, mainly about her being loose. but he's dating kim kardashian?!
i was getting there
#summercamps #lessons #activities Find them all here! www.campopoly.com
I'm surprised there hasn't been a second Armenian genocide.
your tickets are almost gone!(: YOU'RE GONNA BE SOLD OUT!! ;)
You guys should play some US shows!
just got done with my economics final.
for all of the talk about 's latest awkward enctr with human beings, lets not forget that terry mcauliffe faked southern accent
Your mom writing emails
On to #LAX. Car pool waiting -> on time departure, yes?
My phone don't get no love no more what happen
all of my applications are down! I can't even access the Heroku website or the support website! What's going on??
If we ever marry and have kids, they have too much to live up to.
ok, well you gotta do mine in color. cause all of your ex's are in black n white.
someone come love me. <3
Can't wait to make a mess of new apt.
has to be
Charmed American Television WB Witches TV Series THREE HOT WITCHES Adult Black T-shirt Tee Shirt
Follow my boy He's new to twitter but he's #sellingpencils just like your boy!!!
wedding cake tasting made a good substitute for breakfast this morn
Downgraded from a 4S to a 4 :-)
My #jour111 students are making up for it by engaging in a #twitter backchannel. It's given me fond memories of the twitter corner at
Lamar smokes weed
Chat w/Biggest Loser Nutritionist tonight - (8 PM EST)!!! Use #askcheryl during #BL11!
hehe amani chose to hang out with emma and i instead of with her boyfriend :)
hey; r u in a relationship?
TOMORROW: SETTING SUN! Race. Sex. Japan. New York. 9/11. Revenge. Come check out this amazing new play! FREE!
#TopGear is the bomb. Love
I respect a guy who doesn't use his phone while he's with his girl.
Buffy Hamilton #NJASL2010 Need to create libraries as places of strong support for creating and sharing, making novices the experts
1st class of the day.... Walking around w/ a broken toe LOL
Developing an anthropologists laissez-faire towards personal illness, I guess. Eg "let me tell you about this parasite I got this summer!!"
Omg can Howard Stern get off the show now i want piers back
lol thanks. I was like jumping for joy when I saw your mom coming in there.
comedy sketch thing tmrw should be interesting and #hopefullyfunny and reading period starts as well
we figured u was in gurnee
I Woke up jus to eat....fat girl status lol :)
A lot goes on, but nothing happens. Ever notice?
me too
How many of you are truly #happy with where you are in your life right now?
Maybe its because I fell asleep at 3AM
"Sometimes I don't understand lesbians, you know good and well you want this dick tho"
And you too my friend. Let's work together!
Im fenna get some water. That ice cream has my mouth dry!
That was a good nap
Just to give you a laugh, I'm doing a 5K in June!
Ah. I was skeptical about that one. Thanks for confirmation.
Watched Thor, and now watching Captain America with in preparation for the awesomeness of The Avengers.
Next time just tell her Martin's the Grand Marshall and she'll be there in a heartbeat.
This is for you bloggers...www.ow.ly/7Gu9c
cleaning up my twitter.
This gym sesh is a last ditch effort to get in shape before I go to new York. Bus leaves in 2 hrs
Well, that just depresses me.
Thank for the mention / I'm a master carpenter, welder and artist. Can build almost anything. How can I help?
No directv time for MW3 who wants to play? ps3 user name jon123spurs
Oh sweet balls i am an idiot
I like a little coffee with my soy milk, turbinado, almond milk, agave and oreo donuts.
we are at cure....will meet u at roosevelt
Can't wait to watch the new #Khloe&Lamar tonight
I did, seconds after. Thanks. It doesn't help that the "September 13" was in 3 point font.
omg i love lol
I come home and see my united jersey and feel proud.
I can't help but notice that all the ads on Facebook have ample amounts of cleavage #probablyJustMe #theNewMySpaceWhat?
"We always talk about if we're right-brained or left-brained, I feel like we should be whole-brained." David Mack
So he texts me .. Lmfao
compression socks
Thanks. It's fun to see how much meaning can be stuffed into 17 chunks of sound.
#keepitclassy RT : Entries are comin' in! Send us your Favre Saga Haiku to WIN TWO TICKETS to LAST DAY AT LAMBEAU!
Government figures show around 400'000 pupils have been consistently absent from schools in England in the past ..
sure. But I'll need a 20K advance.
Janet Jackson: How I Got Thin
is giving us an awesome mix of the legendary queen of hip hop
uhh don't get fuckin attitude bitch. I was in topics in modern math earlier this year but I'm retaking algebra 2 now. Soo
I need eel stat! RT Today is Doyo Ushi no Hi (<U+571F><U+7528><U+4E11><U+306E><U+65E5>)The day Japanese people eat Unagi (eel) to gain stamina against hot weather
Very, very grateful gets my food-crush on !
Totally on the first two, have never even heard of the last! It's on the list!
lol oh no. tht wsnt dire,ted towards u. Its this girl im tlking to. I think she might hav gotten ahead of herself lol
Getting ready to visit UW Prof Phil Kim's fantastic Tech Entrepreneurship class.
Just opened Twitter account, happy to make 1st tweet.
check your dropbox for surprises this weekend!
the funny thing is I can totally see her saying this with such a serious face lol love it
I'm at Reston - so not EVERYONE is at that other place...,,
please remember that not ALL of NC thinks that way. But I completely agree with the sentiment.
Looks like we're already following you! :D
That is so cool. Have a great time sharing #vawine. Look forward to catching up when you return.
Im going to do anything i can do to get attention and ill enter any contest. My dream is to casually hang out with him!!!! <3
Help and me elect LGBT candidates. Join the Campaign Board!
#nmsplc I am trying out Firefox after years of hearing it is better than IE! We'll see
|| when you fill out the form, put you want a 90s themed party in the message and we will work something out for you!
Any second now.
Reminder 2 ArtFile users - verify the identity of potential art buyers & be wary of ne1 who wants u to pay $ so that they can buy your work.
yepp she's cool.. but i hate how pretty she is
I hope that comes back soon! We need our big man back & I so want to wear my jersey again.... Miss ya Dirk!!!
Man I freakin love SportClips. They know how to treat a guy.
And we are sold out for the day! Thanks for stopping by!
Just got two tix for and to go see to see on May 12th
Dear runaway 3.7GB VMWare process: I quit you.
follow me please
What's for dinner?
i showed my bestfriend when i look at you by miley cyrus she didnt like it a few weeks later at a sleepover with our other bestie
Longest Saturday I've ever worked. Stuff keeps coming and I keep working. Thankfully no #WHL tonight.
Follow The Adamouski to learn more about the 2011 spring biannual art competition!
Really love this 4 day weekend!! Back to the grind tomorrow at 11am. For now manis and pedis while drinking
this conversation is getting too long for twitter, let's continue in person sometime
RT : Do you guys use workout videos ? Do you like to play them on your TV or your computer?
Like us on facebook! Facebook.com/shopjez
My throat hurts SO bad and my mom wont let me stay home :(
I'm ready to be less high strung & relax more. This being annoyed ALL the time is stressful. Now it will be only MOST of the time. Progress.
Yay! I'm in #313!! Let's do a photo op at 1st intermission. usually sits in 314 so she may be in too!
LA is dominating the playoffs!
Thinks #NewJerseyTransit is out of their minds. 10-pack bus trip to NYC from $58 to $96. Total mismanagement and we suffer?
lmao i heard about that
“: How you treat yourself is how you're inviting the world to treat you. #SetTheBarHigh ” love this!
You're just trying to stirrup trouble at this point.
Over it
Chalmers is that nigga this game
thanks dude!! That sign was ours!!!
What's missing? Venture capital, which is the lifeblood of tech ecosystems. -Kaufmann
Not really n2 da NBA playoffs dis yr. Maybe im still recovering from da lockout.
6.days.left.
Stalking ur twitter cause I can!
So true... ": Quietest people have the loudest minds"
wow, that is impressive, being someone who only uses acrylic paint, that was really amazing to watch.
so old indeed. But they've still got it! :D
Hello Neal. Welcome!!
uh...snow? where did that come from?
Congratulations! It sounds fantastic! Would you like to give one away on my blog?
interesting idea
I got some beats for you that a str8 FIRE big homie!
Take care of those pebble sized problems immediately before they become boulder sized.
woah! went to bed with 4 followers woke up with 81!! haha you weren't kidding! love it!
#ThingsIveLearnedFromTwitter: and I both have sweet pups named Linus. Awesome.
Aww you should come visit sometime! Yep, and Zach is not too thrilled! haha
R.I.P. Levon Helm. What a shame.
Mass was long with the bishop this morning. Glad we made it downtown thanks to the
Lacey is so done with Chaz. Done.
Pls tell me WHY Jared jeffries didn't make that shot?? Yes he cost the Knicks the NBA game tonite. Jeffries could've stayed traded!!
great question!! great to see you at Snooze! i'd answer your question except i HAVE NO IDEA. at our apt. packing. ;)
you sure cuzo I mite have them mix I'm re chec lmao
hahah it's so god! :D
Tonight you'll get $5 off adult admission just for bringing 2 non-perishable food items to the show! We scare at 7:30pm!
#nw Freshman Father
This has been without a doubt the worse #Ravens game I have ever seen. By far.
come to project Downtown with me tonight :)
very nice!
much love where/when can we BUY???????
Really people-it's 1st amend:FREEDOM of speech-u know the libs use it ALL the time & I'll b darned if #Hankjr did & now no MNFB-scrw ESPN!!
Canadian drug shortage: recent history of a mystery
Planning on joining us for the Maritime Ghost Conference? Definitely check out the while you're in town.
An ounce of Platinum can be stretched 10,000 feet.
You Could Come Get It
"We need to get back to being scared again" - Magic Johnson on the HIV virus
That drives me nuts and grosses me out!
Well, the new Amazing Spider-Man trailer was.....amazing. *Bad Joke Eel face*
FWIW, Hitler would likely not risen to power without the Great Depression. Econ extremes gives rise to political extremes. I'm just saying
Tip #150: The higher up the ladder you climb the more you are exposed for people to shoot at you.
“: I hope Tim Duncan get dunked on” damn...
I would have dreamt of ways to go postal on that partner for that.
i never told you that and yeah you can't delete my tweets.
I'm on whenever you're ready.. just gonna leave aim on
Congrats. "Paranoia" is a terrific book.
And party and party!!
when I don't get my way >>>>
I shall kill that bastard!
Who's gonna be at for Calvin Harris tonight?
i miss you :(
Google just bought Zagat. I wouldn't say that surprising.
Heading out to run some errands. Than hitting the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
My hands feel sticky -_-
Dear Netflix: I just bought my mom an Apple TV b/c you said you were updating your instant view library... She's not gunna live forever...
#PAMTransportInc This is a great company where they care about the employees so much! #CDL #Drivers check them out! #Drive a truck for #PAM!
Damn. Site crashed and already got a top-tier backer. Thanks, y'all.
romo, eli, or matt ryan? thoughts?
Tonight at Arsimonas lounge they will be playn music..#YAY! If you in the bay area make sure you show ur support..
i hope your new songs are lovesongs <3
haha after posting, I went on to read the next line, "while inspiration is invaluable, it can be used incorrectly..."
Took a nap with my baby for an hour, best nap ever.
Thick is beautiful.<3
Jasmine you dont want no smoke!
Jo's a baby. I'm very worried/scared for him. I hope he'll do okay in his new place. HE'S GROWING UP TOO FAST THIS IS NOT OKAY WITH ME
Best wishes. You can do it!
follow me? :) i love you and merry christmas<3 hahah!
Victor Borge said a smile is "the shortest distance between two people."
Miami narrow minded? And what is S-T vision?
i can't even almost start to quote the craziness i just heard.
Lewis Black is not in One Slight Hitch, but he wrote it and we are doing a fundraiser with him on May 16. More info soon! RT
i have a mind to close up this site, and have u all migrate, since you're all so into solidarity...God and i, the only important equation...
Ran 3 miles pretty easily today. Now I just gotta add 10 more to it.
- Lets see, Florida twice, Texas, Auburn, LSU ran a spread when they won it... take out Ala and USC and you're almost goosed
love your #CraftBeer HUGE thanks for coming to #mke via please keep a steady stream of our beers coming
What's the top shoplifted item for the holiday season...? Bloomberg News finds.. it's filet mignon.
Watching my first bag of screeners.
Any #ComicCon fans need meeting space? Our Presidential Suite is up for grabs during the convention, contact Ashlynn 619.446.3015.
Followback Friday. Follow me and I WILL follow back...for the most part.
g'mornin :D
I love making fun of EVERYTHING Haley Rasco says
i know you text me and i wasnt home! I wanted to freaking go
Watching Disney channel instead of the red carpet at golden globes. Thank god for dvr.
Amen. Probably the realest thing said from any Pro Wrestling fan.
Found via 19th Century Masterfile: Glass Negatives from the Papers of Wilbur and Orville Wright: aviation experiments, home and family,1897
My last show in AZ is this Friday with a life of science at martini ranch we go on at 10 come hangout!!!
I saw inglorious bastards...very excellent! beware...it was a bit gruesome...
Its Wednesday so you know what that means - LADIES in for FREE! James Ervin Berry is downtown & is in B Rip! 8:30pm! 255-4211
Education is a lifetime pursuit. On Tues., I learned about smithing. There's something magical about how a blacksmith transforms metal.
Blunts or papers which is healthier?
Who the fuck said that?
At the meeting. They really let
Might be in every Taco Tuesday for your chicken taco salad. Yum!
Custody and child support have little to do with justice. They are punitive measures enforced by the long arm of our government
it was a lovely and generous gift.... really....
Panel at 10:30am will include: Clark Kellogg, Carl Daniels (Adidas), Mike Fox (Lucas Oil Stadium Directo)....
ah...got it. most def is the truth. have a great afternoon. hit you up later tonight. :)
hey baby girl
Correction. The track's name was Mama Papa Tu from the album "Afro-American Latin". Swinging stuff. A must add to you jazz collection.
Found a scarf at in the exact shades of my shocking pink/salmon/taupe tee.
Proud of Austin <3
#raw10 No matter how old I get, to my Mother, Im still her Baby. When she kisses me in Public, I be like 'MOM!?!'
podcast and newsletter will be out today, in the mix from 1-4 am!
We miss you on
morning hot stuff
#ayeok That's my motto!
HAVE A SAFE TRIP :)
Surgical Video: Adnexal Cystectomy with case presentation (Huge Cyst!)
YES! RT If God was small enough for you to completely understand Him, He wouldn't be big enough for you to completely trust Him.
There's one ballroom girl with an infectious smile. I really hope she can dance. She'd be great on the show.
Hope everything is ok...my prayers are w/ u and ur staff.
I can work it out for you.
Blue Snowball and Audacity. I didn't even use a high pass filter.
Oz is in progress of Baking 314 Assorted Pies for Pi-Day at Sandia Tech Park. 3.14 (2012)
#ThankYouCody for always trying to make us happy and make our day better with funny instagrams and new songs or videos
and back at you
How useful is your arts degree? Let's help get the whole picture.
What are your New Years resolutions?
It was great to meet you too! You have the best smile!! Tell your FIL Hi for me ;)
Luke Worthington (Homestead) adds 15 points and 8 rebounds for Playground Elite in win over CP3 All-Stars.
Velton Jones being tended to off to side of Robert Morris bench. Been playing hurt the whole game. LIU up 46-41 15:34 left
honey roasted peanuts&pretzels<3
to hell with me...oh and to see WICKED
Finally got my Internet back!!(:
try QuickDraw to aim down... That's how I've seen people use it... Good luck
i just don't under the conflict in twilight. what is twilight about?
“: ”did you at least make sure your food was not still alive before ?
New drug-prevention coalition invites members - State Gazette
yeah...I don't know about that
Who else hates pimples?
Im gone be in texas for a lil While then move to Huston
I have really beautiful friends!!!
Just got a tarot card reading with , I don't really believe in it but it was kind of real!!! Where is my AQUARIUS?!?
I could watch Sophia Grace and Rosie from all day long
RIP Junior Seau! A true god on the football field.
do you airbrush models and r/c cars?
backyard fire listening to bob
I want this QR code classroom portfolio tool for tagging anything in my room on Monday.
Men dont chase women on a moving train while dressed as a sailor anymore.
please help pass #SafeHarbor legislation! The children house need your help!
James harden!!!
So...is there any part of California where it's not raining?
Offer a great internship experience, get a great intern. Happy to hear reviews by Thanks, !
judy! I'm gonna miss seeing your pretty face! we gotta get a picture if i find you :)
SF: Is it completely insane to drive to Yosemite and back in one day?
As big as he is, Sullinger is a soft baby.
Twinkle Twinkle little snitch, MYOB you nosey bitch.
lol saw that!
TRIVIA QUIZ Coming Soon!
Cold,lonely and missing him like crazy!
Oh god. I'm actually a little interested in going to a local public meeting about urban planning. Does this mean I'm an adult now?
Come by the Grill Monster tonight, Lomas & Penn for MNF and some FREE GRUB!
F this class!
good night Z
Given the situation in Libya, Egypt, Saudi Arabia etc., do you think there is enough incentive to follow the basic rules of war?
seriously can't stand you
finly were in the van driving one more step and i was butter!
the mentors are KEY to the maker space! They can offer real-world experience and examples.
As the magnificent bastard said, May the 5th be with you. Of tequila, that is.
Congrats Justin
the books or the movie?
trust me I know lol. Should have seen her when she came home lol.
Thanks for the RT about our CNE articles.
Get Cash Today For Your Car !°Free Towing!! We Come To You.
aww :( I wish you the best of luck, sweet lady. Keep in touch and let me know what you're up to.
I love hockey:):)
The heat is back. Cool off with a refreshing Bing-Su. Yep, Korean Shaved Ice!
Hey Jessica, love your Tumblr. Great pictures.
New guys are good and picking it up fast. Overheard some newcomer ask "Where's that old dude with the windmill shot"?
Afternoon: the usual flotsam: met with an advisee & 2 colleagues, sent 10 more emails, sorted paper, managed tasks
#Quote2SpinBy <U+E148> If you want to re-design your life, reshape your focus. — JD #quote RT
I've never wanted to be a cross-dresser so bad in my life. Do you have those in 10.5?
Scientists have shown that putting the phrase "Scientists have shown" in front of anything will make people read it
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out. -John Wooden
it's really easy...do what I do, find something attractive about them. Compliment it - and follow up with a semi deep question
Kimberly's husband told her to make a list of things she wants and HE WILL PICK what she gets from it. What should be on the list?
I just really want to see what he can do with a weapon or two and a decent o-line
#iUsedToLikeYouBut we GREW apart!
Keep tweeting AND voting guys!! #voteforMeganandLiz! :D
27 days to Christmas...... Have you pondered giving the gift of health? Getting ready to run a first time ever huge sale! Stay tuned!
What a great day. I am doing a family portrait session with the best neighbors in the world. 15min till showtime!
10:00 pm Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe
nvmd why tf are you on this account!
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. -
know that bee in jack daniel commerical? I wanna be it.
So is there a date scheduled yet? Have the both of you got in touch with each other yet?
I need more followers, anyone mind giving me a shoutout?
RT : Rejection is just an informal way of letting you know what you need to improve on...
I'm now glad I decided to nap through the previous game instead of this one.
Have you seen any shirts on campus today?! There should be about 75 of them roaming around there.
"i'm sorry, who is this?" -person who just moved out on tuesday, to me, on the phone :(
Ross: Appeals to the 99% an effort to reach out to the broadest swath of the general public and the silent masses.
Life can only be understood backwards, unfortunately it can only be lived forward.
of the people who are trying to oust the school board members who voted to keep the book in. Bigotry by any other name is bigotry.
We're working on a kick ass web service for social capital market. Putting the final touches on our app now for SP2012 cohort.
Brand USA Unveils First Ever #Marketing Campaign Promoting #Travel to the #USA at -
lol! Yes - gotta love the Panda!
Trailing 8-0 in 5th inning, Apprentice scored 1 run in the 5th, 3 in the 6th and 5 in the 7th to pull upset comeback over Spalding.
Its funny how people acuse you of the shit they are actually doing...
Thanks Nick - you're very kind!
At first coffee was usually drank by Arab Sufi monks, but by the fifteenth century it was being used by everybody.
Leaving the US Open! Enjoy your weekend!
I believe that's part of R.I.C.E. that we were taught in the army.
if you ship yourself with tacos, can I ship myself with soup?
Trying to grok that HTC Android's synch utility CAN'T SYNC with Macs. #smartphone/*not* Back to 3rd-party utilities
Until Sat. only, use the code PreLent and receive a 25% disc. on all our books, incl. even more savings on the collections! + free shipping!
Must sleep in tomorrow, flyer downtown for TXRD event, Turfcats final homegame (ticket giveaway!), then TUF finale at Derek's. Eat sometime.
pretty cool article. Slightly surprising!
And I'll bring the trailers and bedazzling gun!
If I was in The Hunger Games I'd be in District 4... I like water.
Suggestion #8 Thank your opponents sincerely for their interest.
did you get the proposally thing & I did?
Believe (in yourself)
I like my privacy with paparrazzi ;)
Econ 101 when you come to visit
Bring the beat in.
I like how I was stalking you & retweeted something from like yesterday :p
good, trying to text (technically tweet) you back without ruining my wet nailpolish on my nails.. Lol how are you ?
i swear, if i have to retake geometry as a course next year (because i fail the semester), i WILL transfer to west.
Why is same sex marraige so frightening to some? I truly don't get it. How does it hurt people?
if have said once have said 1 mill times. old school. plain. the original. #sendmesomepainperdu #doesn'tfamilymeananythingtoyou?
Thanks peaches! ;)lol
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving - Albert Einstein"
Hey - Good luck tomorrow! Will be thinking of you, can't wait to see pictures!
Hey, a man has to have his standards/protocols.
Yay - finally a hit -
no. i would help build it.
dollar menu shit loll
are you going to GO CRAZY with me ?
Peter Gelzins of Boston Herald wrote how Tricia McCorkie CEO Delaware North (Owns TD Garden) sent POW flag back to vet:(.
Best of luck Gregg...nothing like seeing #springsteen live. Went to one of the shows that closed out Giants Stadium. Amazing
By the way, Go Trojans, Fight ON! Beat Notre Dame! I am be pacing in anticipation of every touchdown!
Sending all of my Convio juju your way. Remember our course is in the LC if you get stuck!
of hot librarian-ness, at least. Unless you're wearing a cat cardigan and a lanyard nametag, in which case you've got it covered.
Service Sparx tip #1: Encouraging your team to show their individuality when dealing with customers can improve customer relations as well…
What? I'm assuming you meant *scrambles to grab bow tie*
You can't remake perfection ;-) RT If Hollyweird remakes Ferris Bueller, I will stop watching movies.
To my Greek friends...Don't treat elections as a way to punish.Vote for the future,whatever u want it to b,whatever ur political affiliation
Love :) RT : truthRT : but Lou Williams swag is unstoppable
Tonight to the CD release of my friend since high school ! Very excited :)
I would expect nothing less!
Pilates does not have to be expensive! $45 single private pilates classes. $400 for a 10 class package. 620 Eighth Ave. 92101
I saw that happen before and the girl beat the crap out of the dude with a radio antenna.
The Cleverest iPhone In The World! Thats something!
Thanks! I'm on the new site now and bookmarked it.
Congrats Ryan! We are glad you decided to stay on for another 2 seasons! Your fantastic.
Oh well...looks like weird wording to me...i drink the wine but fish makes me vomit
Im really playin dance like a stripper at this club wit all dez white folks in here .....lmao funniest face expressions ever
Anyone have an estimate on the number of attendees expected at #RootsTech ?
in fact, I did. Let me ponder. Watch your mailboxes.
Fighting Brain Cancer: Taking out more than tumors - WFTV Orlando
You really are into pumpkin flavored beverages, aren't-cha.
Its so great i should tweet about it. Ha ha
Hit me up for tables and free guest lost at PURE, vanity, LAX (Mario performing apr. 13th) rehab or wet republic (David guetta tomorrow)
Our students had a GREAT time with their tutors today!
I have no idea why I am about to go see Final Destination 5. But its the last week before college and I love my friends
One of the first things I hear this morning is my mom saying I get to road trip to meet this summer! Best mom ever! <3
It's all really good, so I am actually encouraged by the fundamentals that underlie usage growth on the Net
carol said she's coming for Spring Break!
That's always a good start! I've heard good things about working there too.
RT There is a new food truck on the scene All natural, mostly organic soups and chili.
:-( I left work at 130... I knew that was gonna happen - be safe!
A 6 flags trip needs to happen really soon and idc who with I wanna feel free in the air. If I could, I'd go everyday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
"Over the years I have learned that what is important in a dress is the woman who is wearing it." —Yves Saint Laurent
thats jut where its AT.
Thanks so much for coming to #neasist09 today! Great talk, & you set the perfect tone for the day.
"I got shame about myself, but I leave that here with my ring and with you." Great line from #Glee about leaving an abuser.
are you guys involved with the iPad app? Just went to watch the video and it says it's private. Any ideas?
I think everything is gonna be alright.
Oh, I love me some Geoff Tate! Saw the Empires tour when Type O Negative opened.. it was a bit rockin'!
Here's where we see if the defense can hold it's own. I mean with the caveat that the game doesn't count.
Making music is a way of life!
a week ago!
Everybody loves raymond is such a great show..writing at its best
bre u just left me like Monday lol
We will be closed on Thurs., November 24 & Fri., November 25 in observance of the Thanksgiving Holiday. Have a safe and fun Thanksgiving!
Thanks, Mike!! RT : sounds like you need a
I just upgraded my Honey Fish Market in my town.
Awh not anymore doe.
I am distressed that an uncommonly strong bond of patient Dr. trust should be broken. new contact information please private message me.
"You have to ignore your sexuality to deal w/lonliness"
It's Migne 6.182 if you have online access at your school
I like how wade tried to kick bynum knee doe
Good shot Blair
Good information already shared at the Big Ten Network Social Media Summit in Chicago. Good perspective around the conference.
LET'S STAND TALL AND BE HEARD..GO TO WWW.COALITIONTOSAVEAMERICA.COM RIGHT NOW
had to walk away :( on a strict meal plan and somehow trainer always knows when I cheat and makes me pay for it on legs day haha
Follow? c:
FINNA CHECK OUT THESE HIP HOP AWARDS
I never completely unpack upon arriving home. I'm awful.
Jaevon doesn't wanna be glasses buddies. :(
Oh Larry lol! “: Went to the Chinese buffet on lunch. I showed that buffet who was boss”
Well that's certainly a big jump. But VERY cool! re: Eberling
youre an A-whole you have Badiyha thinking I cheat
Marisela: can you turn off the light *pretends to grab the switchy thingy* x)
oh boy.
i think the best way to feel like we know you is that where so alike and through twitter and youtube its like we know you:)
Mens levi cargo shorts 29.99 and up, and ladies levi shorts and sundresses.
A slight tingle a yet quere feeln
Let the Holy Spirit speak to you about your choices--past, present and future--and His plans for you.
My best will never be enough
Thanks for following us, Nilesh!
you should put in a word for me.lol
Little baby shoes promo code coupon
Thank you for all the shares this week
Virtual re-match?
Yer only happy when i buy you stuff. -.- ugh.. <|3
you might have the best cat names EVER!
also, I won't be back in til Friday, I'm looking forward to it! Was thinking we could meet John for a drink after work?
Chicks always complaining about not being able to find a good man.. Bitch lower your high ass standards then!
Redneck Word of the Day: RECTUM. I had two nice 4 wheelers until I rectum!
Want to test your language AND library skills? Try cataloging obscure Spanish novels all day. Yes, I'm taking pictures of the good ones :)
a day without dancing is a day wasted - ted.
Best tweet I've read yet!
It was a day like today.
Alright I See You Bringing Out The Shorts and Sandals
New Rick Otton Real Estate Book Exposes Creative Strategies for Property Investing
You are so welcome Princess! Enjoy your prom ! I'm so glad i found my perfect dress! Thanks SO much!!
I vote they make a cheer icon on the emoji app. #prettyplease :) <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080>
I do that before & after I fuck bitches.
Be sure to check out Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas. Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66!
Sorry, was in Avengers. I do know, but DM to me where you are in book just in case
who shapes Alex's boards?
"All the earth shall worship thee, and shall sing unto thee; they shall sing to thy name." Psalm 66:4
#offline Oh god.. Selena hacked me :) I love u too Selena - xo Demi (:
I told you silly! Your turn!
I know its not even half time, but I'm putting this game in the refrigerator.
sharon needles is my bitch. <3 so happy she won!
not the way it works in Cleveland where we never get big names always trade down and always lose.....
Heart broken at that last RT...
too bad the weather will be clear in Boston today. Too funny if the NHL would stop a game on ice because of snow
Thank you. I'm all about snappy....and great hair.
Lookig for good examples of IR deposit licenses. Are there any out there that you think are exceptionally good?
RT I'm only 25 happy birthday sir ....wishing you many more
We are following back bud. Have a good one!
good luck today Haley
Come on! Meryl Streep & Julia Roberts in film version of August: Osage County?!? Why on earth does this sound like a good idea to anyone?!?
Ok, future BOYFRIEND you can stop playing hide and seek now....---
Good Morning all. Hope you had a great Easter.
Thanks, Danny!! RT: It is decided, their new name is "Good Burger". (at )
Don't wave goodbye to haters and nay sayers... welcome them into your galaxy. They can't keep up with the frequency anyway.
Your music speaks the way I feel! And that's why I tattooed life is beautiful on my side! Thank you! Xo
never should have gotten that far. and he hit a home run in that game. and ... oh
Justin Bieber <U+2665> & 1D <U+2665>
Oh my god we have lime popsicles
I think the word you're looking for is "Seasoned"
The once ambitious one now holds the smoking gunn
I don't even want to know what's in the Jack In The Box chicken nuggets..
People put you down enough you start to believe it... the bad stuff is easier to believe, you ever notice that? --Pretty Woman
Currently listening to flash dance "maniac" wondering why I'm Listening to flash dance "maniac".
better than being at the mall or any store I'm sure
Crazy day for roundball. The Madness, the trade deadline, and my fantasy basketball trade deadline.
Just ate sunday dinner. #MobWives later.
Mini-vacay to California for Memorial Day and my lil sis' graduation? Yes please! Tickets booked!
he is still their tour manager i think! this came up recently somehow...
Web Archiving Policies and Practice in the US 2012 in full swing at Columbia. Follow proceedings at
m, this strikes me as complicated enough not to be worth discussing on twitter.
Rule 3 - form an advisory board to help your business. Cardinal Rule from ,
Are you saying it's long and I'll need a snack? Or just that you want a shawarma?
Yay for my sexy sis for being on set on a gorgeous day outside.
RT : Spending a day on Twitter taught me so much more than yrs of PD at most of the schools I've taught in
Me too. Probably for different reasons, lol.
Unfortunately, I have already seen today's Joy of Painting.
If it is possible to cut a word out, always cut it out
I have never been a fan of him. I could see him being that childish considering past things I have read of his.
There is something they're not telling us! Bumpy landing
my lovvvveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. melts my heart
OMG that was our favorite last night
well me and tony beat your asses so me and Hayden can do it easily!
Gotta finish The MUTES sticker, and keep working on a logo project. Lots of thumbnails I need to develop a bit further.
WHAT !! RT : Oh my gosh Glee is live AF...... Really my first time watching it
hey Alexa, pls come 2 a benefit 4 master drmr Rudy Walker nxt Friday (www.rudywalker.com/benefit) Peace ~ Henry Rock
Going M.I.A today fuck it;
Your Welcome!(:
i thought that Girl was bout to rap then that?
Two people can look at the exact same thing and see something totally different!
IF YOU LOVE HIM SO MUCH WHY DON'T YOU MARRY HIM?!?!
So stoked. At the end of March I'm going to perform something weird at
Thanks for the follows!!
funny as hell tonight
Big K.R.I.T. 'Live From the Underground' Tracklist: B.B. King, 2 Chainz and More Featured
new follower, huge gunner fan, still haven't caught a game you've played tho...
Liked the Toyota "Camry Effect" ad. Definitely a car that's about family stories, life events, everyday moments
Anyone else got Exams coming up?
So It's My Sister's Birthday Tomorrow.. Its Going To Be The First Birthday That i wont be with her.. I Miss Her So Much</3:(
My hair needs to grow like 6 inches .
Aww snap they singing my song.
Yes! Imagine that? Saw very pretty design work that was completely illegible.
;) I know you don't want me to
We've seen every episode of #seinfeld at least 25 times. We don't need to watch it again.
Nope. -RT- : Is it wrong I'm more excited to know the Laphroaig Distillery Manager is in #Seattle than syfy celebs?
My birthday is in less than 2 weeks.
I grew up in West Torrance! Of course that was 33 years ago...
Hey Fashion Girls followers, got an tips for us to RT to our HS girls that follow?
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers especially my mom your the best and I LOVE YOU
I want to join you
Happy Friday!
send me yo email so i can send u sumthn
great so far :) wbu
Wings and Bruins! #goB's
Watching #SOTU. Good points about importance of student aid and higher ed.
Thx for adding Invested in several interesting companies incl. & more
Make sure you vote today. And feel free to join us in the ballroom of the Capital Plaza Hotel in Frankfort at 6p.m. as we watch the returns.
No, cause she was infront of me. She threw a slushy at my car
Robert Pattinson is my background on my new phone. I'm going to have a coronary every time I use my phone now. Gah! <3
My smile came from from her tweet earlier today.
Happy birthday, good sir. I hope it's been merry.
. supports 8K change agents/year from 160 countries: scholars, teachers, scientists, artists, political leaders
Birthday birthday birthday happy happy happy !!!
am me cell Ph no.
Epic Question of the Day: N*Sync or Backstreet Boys?
Reboot Charlotte: Cameron Moody, DNC Senior Advisor | Charlotte News
Always great talking with , can't wait to be in Ghana next month working with and filming the rest of
Good morning! Thankful for another day of life!
Live This Thursday Night
yeah yeah! Asshole:
Covering the Milwaukee mayoral race tonight. Newcomer McDonald taking on Barrett.
It's basically the tone of most articles now. Saying that he is at most a gimmick for any other team.
I take that back...all my classes are cancelled and no work! Today is great!
So, so sad the QuickTime Player 10 does not have image sequence support.
All movies checked out before spring break are due back on the 19th!
Just sitting in the car and a spider decides to make a web all over me without me noticing!!
Even though I didn't watch American idol tonight, I know about everything that went on! :)
kbai tweets...i'm putting in a movie and relax the rest of the night....sorry Panthers!
More and more paperwork and proposals... I can't complain about the potential work, but business documents sure are boring.
noo lol. It's me :P
what's up
AW MAN
The first changes in the new, expanded Cumulus happen Monday... all the details hit your inbox soon in Monday's RAMP.
Marinara with fresh garlic, spicy tofu, sliced onions, fresh mushrooms, and marinated artichoke hearts.
Happy New Year!!!
Oh, and Happy Birthday!
See you there!
Yes. It's crazy. And there's no evidence this is a big thing that's really happening out there. Because it's dumb.
Attention aspiring #PR pros - this #FF is for you! Must follow = Everything you need to know about the industry.
Good morning to short ppl in houston! Lol
has such a beautiful voice as Heather! Sing it!
Haven't got there yet. :P
Good list - thanks for sharing!
A legit D'Lush is opening up in our church x) hahah sweet :D
UEFA Champions League final Bayern vs. Chelsea is this Saturday 5/19! Match starts at 11:45am. Come brunch w/ us and catch the game!
#ArtFact: Ancient Chinese artists painted naked scenes but would never paint women's bare feet.
Screenwriting groups are so inspiring! Start one in your town today. Thanks for the mention LIS!
kyli always was good at making enemies. Lol I never really knew you though
exactly - its the same for everyone. part of winning is being able to adapt when conditions aren't ideal.
woohoo! Thanks for the support frank.
: Go 2 sleep
It's getting closer to our birthday
Apologizes for the spam from her testing the blog function on ReverbNation, and will now go hunt down the function that caused it. So sorry!
so, since i'm not your everything; how about i be nothing? nothing at all to you.
Working till the new year start. gettin ready for the BIG12
Isn't it great? Once I had a word for the phenomenon I started seeing them everywhere.
My friend is having a huge "moment" right now.
Extra late but this Brian McKnight song/video....either he's on drugs or suffering from a mid-life crisis. I CANNOT. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
follow me!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 36
Why did they have to go and ruin The Lorax?
We got Facebook and the Twitterverse buzzing, where else do we need to be to get the word out? A Meet-Up possibly? Any ideas to share?
Haha, wise decision.. (:
New York bound in 11 hours
majority of that is hoesssssssssssssssssss
Beach soon......... Going to the #1 beach in america YEAH BUDDY. gotta love florida!
Cool screen name! Just wanted to ask you since you live in ireland wanted to know cool areas. Never been heard its beautiful
RT : A setback is a setup for your comeback! Press on!
fortunately you can still follow #orphans8 on twitter! We're live-tweeting all day long.
Wow! A very happy birthday! Hope it's a great day.
I just realized why my leg has been aching all week - it's been raining. great, this is my life now.
life too short to be sitting around miserable
I feel this! 1st wk back was this wk congratsRT : Have in-laws coming in town back to work Monday. Should be full of rage soon.
Ughh i feel like crying i seriously just don't know what to do anymore i think I'm just gonna turn BISEXUAL!":/
You will always get out of something what you put into it. If you want to be happier- SMILE MORE. If you want to be smarter- PAY ATTENTION.
Being surprised that a church is having services on Christmas day is simultaneously utterly ridiculous and totally justified.
im with on that.. i think she kind of uses him.
Life is all about ignoring the stereotypes and being what you really are and showing them what THEY really are!
Snuggling and The Masters.
- HA! Holla next time you're in the 2nd City! Beers on me!
Thanks for the :)
The state of Washington just took a step in the right direction
thanks! I'm traveling today but will check it out tonight or tomorrow! Be in touch soon!
If this wind keeps up there's going to be a tree in my bedroom.. :(
so now that some time has passed, are you happy with your switch from android to iOS?
Welcome to Twitter & excited to meet you at #momcon2012 ! We can give you tons to tweet about this week! Safe travels!
I knew that might offend you.
#oomf is feeling it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
welcome to twitter kid!
but you replied?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Pratt & Commerce each Wednesday
Headed to today. Looking forward to the spa and pool and shows.
I'm good btw, you?
You are so Nice thank you Sexy
I guess it's gonna have to hurt I guess I'm gonna have to cry &let go of some thing's I've loved To get to the other side
broke into a sweat loading paper into the printer. could be a bad sign.
Buckeyes win!! Nice job getting into the Final Four!!
It is way cool. I have been there in person and i thought it was very awesome. Glad you liked it.
Now I must go get the book
Me: Thanks for picking me up, Mom. Mom: You smell like old ladies.
Happy President's Day!
RT : Having dinner on H St. feels like dining in completely different city.
Should you see an entire thing it appears that it's always beautiful.
Jay Hoggard on WKCR W bro Sharif Abdu-Salaam. Promoting Jays gig at sisters place in Brooklyn.
OH at park "Mom, I have to pee." "Go over in the trees--just not that tree you're playing in." (bathroom 100 yards away.)
Great workout today! Getting film ready is different than being #BIGSWOLL! Lol
nope...not that one.
who else likes watching legalized assault on PPV?
move to new england!
2nd fryer is something we would love, sadly no space unless we lose the oven & then we can't roast
Anybody looking to get some pix?? :)
Two more books highlighted by : Promise and Perils of Big Data (Aspen Institute) and Your Life Uploaded (Gordon Bell)
#sprint we haven't had phone or text service for hours. Our son got stranded & couldn't reach us till we came home to land line
did you give it a cracker? polly always wants a cracker.
"he thinks barefoot running shoes are couture"
I'll be working with you (:
the one where his dad beats up his mom?
After taking in the last full day of fantastic Sunday football, I couldn't be less excited about watching the Patriots and Giants again.
lots of people complaining on the forums about #Adobe's new price plan. for pro's the ROI is incredible.
Do you prefer the slow burning discontent of the single life or that of the married life. I think they're about the same.
Can you follow back please?:)
And I will try to fix you.
"I want to be an anarchist but my religion says I can't" - something I remember hearing in the 7th grade hallway.
One has a nose. The nose scents and its chooses. An artist is simply a kind of pig snouting truffles. Igor Stravinksy
true. At my old job we used to sponsor the dairyland classic surf contest.
It sucks when you know that you need to let go but you can’t because you’re still waiting for the impossible to happen.
RT : Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain.
Ooh, could you ask her about academic shibboleths? I seem to run into a new one every month...
Thanks to for the blue checkmark! That's one big blue checkmark on our bucket list :)
looking at a san diego meeting next week, but I likely cant go, sigh..
is getting ready for school! She will be studying music composition!
WISN-TV live from L.A. after the results show.
I am a real human being and, a real hero.
hello Ms M!
Meddik is a health-focused social media analytics and engagement platform. Meet us at smw ny, we'd love to chat
What up
For a limited time only: $200 creative services...Logo, Advert, Stationery...
I usually dont/want to play this...'Talk Show Host?'
Trying to make it in modeling and acting
starting its very first Broadway preview in 5 min... Woohoo
he's something all right
Goin to Jamerious house later : ) I hope he's ready to cry when i beat his ass at monolpy : P Were gonna stay up all night long' : )
I'm freezing:(((
Suffocation and The Faceless will be back in Las Vegas! DM for more details and reserve presale tickets!
Is it just me or does Star and Lil Wayne's daughter look VERY much alike??
Vice President motorcade just went by. From the sounds of it {each day}, there sure is not any overtime at the VP office. And the...
Niggas trying real Hard to bring the Box Haircut back.. If the Mohawk didn't get you no Pussy, this shole aint!
I edited an audiobook and walked my dog and ate sandwiches. That is the #HHAwards I give myself.
So, now you'll spend all of your "what would be FB time" slanging tweets?
Bias~ The wise man carries his possessions within him.
Dorothee Solle~ If my hands are fully occupied in holding on to something I can neither give nor receive.
you know it
yep, clean out the trash and make this thing exciting
ALL of those things. Y'all don't even understand how much I love ALL the asses. Even the tiny bony ones.
Beautiful sunset tonight with the choppy storm clouds
damn, we'll have to figure it out
Dude I think he's doing the dice thing too much... It's really all he's got
I still laugh my ass off everytime i see the phrase "Adolf Hankler"
Hangin with iguanas on the beach.
I Miss You:( Haven't gotten a Tweet in so long. But I Know your busy. Hope your doing good! Love You!
i was not informed of this human/change...
My eyes are like seriously red and bloodshot, and I don't have any clue why. Off to the bus stop, today outta' be fun.
money money awesome stuff
Cinderella, you shall go to the ball!
Up all night once again.
that would be classified as "mile low club" ;) u went the miles but didn't get high enough.
very soon!
it was with my left hand it really wasn't that serious -_-
have fun at home and tell your family I said hi!
New contacts! I can see!
Girl you the one.
I remember those days :) m rubies mesquite shrimp burrito! Bomb ass food :)
What about tomorrow? I'm confused.
High Point Christian School Auction happening this Saturday at 6pm!
Watching KU basketball loving the new kicks, but make me want to rock yellow ones like the Jayhawk!
well thats good for her :)
won't you teleport 2 me.
Nope, just an awesome violation.
Get your car ready for the weekend! Get 25% off any detail! Call (619) 928-4848! We're MOBILE & #eco friendly!
I'm more the "watch the parade in the air-conditioned HUMMER" type of guy.
not at the moment, but it's on the horizon
From El Mry to Southern Comfort to the Art-B-Q lots of PBR events in ATL for Cinco de Mayo
well then have an awesome day just to really piss them off
Follow ---> Your source for creating success in your business, through social media strategies and magnetic content!
I can do it but it will be a very fast review - due at a friend's at 2 p.m. for game day. Email d.patrick.sweeney at gmail
How was ur visit? RT : coming tonight! Get excited
I'm courtside at for #Celtics, but also give a follow to , and for analysis.
Kat Von D Is My Wife , She Just Doesnt Know It Yet ;P
I'm Long and Gone
To produce a mighty #book, you must choose a mighty theme.
Young Weezy looking colorful tonight....
Yes! We're talking vaccines tonight. Let's hear it!
"If you were a topping on a pizza, you'd be cheese, 'cause everybody likes cheese."
Morn'in Twitter Heads!
beatbox= sweet sound but painful on the wallet.
Who really cold at rapping tho !?!?!
Sumtimes, my hardest decisions r the easiest decision iMake & iGet clipped b the SIMPLE decisions smh
Gotta love spring games! Off to hartford at 630am
we always have deals coming in, so let us know your dates when you know. Happy New Year!!!
Alexi Murdoch - Orange Sky - 09:46 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
I had a dream I was watching a movie starring
We are stuck here in the Super 8 motel till Freightliner figures out why the truck caught on fire. Just what we need. Stuck in motel hell
Married in ..... Arabia??? Iceland?! Thirteen. Legally. Get. Married. Where? Lmbo!! JAYKAY!
Good meeting at Howard Hughes Medical Institute in Chevy Chase, MD. Chad Gaffield from SSHRC here. Wish we were in Berlin tho, ;-)
John needs to tap into his hate the win and then maybe he won't go another 365 days looking like a bitch
Imma take ya girl down cause I know she really need it .
It is very important to build solid back linking for the advantage of the visitors. High quality links can add more value to your website.
Want to make the most of your life. Start by making the most if today..
is this a joke? it's going to hail today?!
Many people do not know just how sensitive a #Taurus can be at times. They hide it well. (via )!!!!!!!
Also... I wish DeShawn would declare immediately so I never have to see such a selfish, careless player in a Buckeye uniform again.
Check Ya Mail Homie
that was kinda sloppy.
Yes! They should each get their own, but whatev!
If you're a black person and you hire another black person, it's often perceived that it was because they're black
ah can't wait
got to go peeps will be back around 1 hour
You going back to school for a Phd?
Was having a great day til now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Can't stop laughing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Nearly all kids gone home from scappoose high after earlier graffiti threats point to today.
Another day verified... I'm better than ur whole family ;) Write that down!
All these damn paid programs ain't gone cut it
God bless you (( bunches)))
good luck on your show todat. ;) x
Haa! good writing might actually depend on the NOT growing up part. But what do I know?!
INNOCENT! Having an ice cold Miller Lite for Mr. Ryan Braun tonight!
#quince is looking fancy tonight, 1/3 rd full, older elegant crowd. Hot blonde having a drink at the bar. Everyone has black clothes.
we noticed the same thing when making a parking meter symbol: new credit card machines vs. old regular meters
As well, MB is a global organization. It is not just in Egypt. e.g. Hamas in Gaza, Jamaat-e-Islami in Pakistan
I feel like you just might wait until 11:59 p.m. Tonight to announce the big album news.
Why is life so complicated! ?
it's more likely he supports those good things but really really can't wrap his head around marriage. Common problem.
Getting my sessy dance on with
RT The teachers are not the enemy, the corporate sponsored politicians are! Hello?
So need another cup of coffee tonight in order to get this presentation over with. 3 more weeks!
Today is friday the 13th!? uh oh!
Be your character what it will, it will be known; and nobody will take it upon your word. -Philip Dormer Shanhope, Lord Chesterfield
My favorite boosie song to this day is "Keep Out off The Safty" go look it up its on Lil Boosianna 4
like everybody but me? Exceptionally?
RT I'm the one with the magic :: eyes rolling:: Lmao NIGGAS!!
I think I miss way too much haha.
Happy National Teacher Day!
you talking about ????
that was great. Thanks for that. I'm going to add it to my list. :-)
Saw the season finale. I suppose u were in love with hump
yeah man, undrafted from Harvard! Gets points AND assists! He's work and hustle! Plays real B-ball!
;) RT : If you ever hear someone faintly in the hallway saying "aye! Aye! Aye" it's :')
hey man, I heard your favorite game is DotA, is this true?
All I Knee-ded I Got by Greg Oden
Ok enough Bitch'n ... This play is amazing
Hahaha Louie is Just telling his fans that he loves us lol. In cat language :)) morning Kimmi!!
Happy birthday to my beautiful little cousin!
HEY....You.....I'm talking about you.....Are you a Facebook fan of Pros and Cons yet???
Big thanks to everyone that came out to support today!
chances are it will go down be tomorrow because i am on meds :) i will definitely go to nyc tho!
holy God that is funny; I am not worthy of that MT. Respect.
session with Caztro has started
Man this some slave weather where the pools
You're so fine, every time I think about you I get a parking ticket.
We are confident that after one visit, you will agree that Spa ME is where you belong. ~ R. Townsend (Quote of the day :)
I'm really getting tired of Adele
ran a pretty good race today. 16:24 5k. That's a 29 second overall PR, and a 45 second season PR.
Just saw Nina get caught sneaking out of the attic
So Far Me and Shellby are loving the Show :) (we love it so much we are having a Big Time Party tonight because of you guys)
Going to see the five year engagement today
#GamesIPlayedWhenIWasLittle Super Mario Brothers, Contra, Earthworm Jim, MK3, WarCraft 2, Quake, Doom... oh my, thousand of them.
Yes You do!
": studio went UH-MAZ-ING!!! Haha SO excited for you to hear!! U rock my socks off!" Ur a Nashville rockstar now
#prayforjapan!!! so sad :(
congrats on the launch! Launching a twitter acct for my children's book soon but in the interim follow me
That genuinely made me laugh.
busy week of prep for a great week and event in Indy... Lookin fwd to #Tiant sticks w/good people out there
That's what im watching!
Puts a spring in our step. Thx for the tweet.
I said as she ages, watch! :)
I be feelin nyself after i leave the gym
I take no shame. She likes you :3
Thank you, good suh.
Time For Ah New Bio RT If U Wana Be In It
A person simply named "Bacon" just pledged to my Kickstarter campaign. Was it the Bacon lobbying industry?
Ouch, nevermind...it's nose to the grindstone time.
I am outlining a sci fi story about the ascension of the human race, the destruction of earth, and the blending of man and
It's good to be reminded of this: "The Net interprets censorship as damage and routes around it." John Gilmore in Time magazine 6/12/93.
Breakdown posted for a LA Film School short film, "The Day He Learnt to Fly". Wonder what the script is like.
lol thats the funniest part. Someones always gotta make a fake account to talk shit.
NW: The NoteBook
I still LOVED ITT!!!
We got mom and dad up really early this morning so they were not late for work. We are such GOOD Pugs! Have a good week....
Thank you for the follows Stephen , John , Linda & Melody
We are taking on Wells Fargo and its poverty level jobs, Wednesday, the 25th at 3:30! Greater Bethel AME Church, 245 NW 8th St.
The Silk Tie likes NowYouBeYou! How about a silk tie instead of a bow-tie, thesilktie.com
We just got Tyranena Bitter Woman IPA and Strongbow in cans...sound good? Come on down! We're open at 4pm today.
I'm great! It still hurts sometimes, but it's not as bad! Thank you so much for asking! :]
Hey girls I'm offering a 35% discount on any one item to the first person that books a party for May 11. 505.264.8834 call/text
Thank you!!
Watching #RAW as always :-)
Hm I kinda feel bad for leaving now
I can't. But it's 9016190479
Just bc the right pulls quotes from founders referring to "god" or "religion" does NOT mean they ever intended our gov't run by it....
hehe lol well when you have to time. this is a private matter. so dms or email would be great
Media briefing to kickoff #SuperBowl weekend!
Inception had to of been the best movie i have ever seen. You played the role to perfection. :]
ew not you Mom
Yes, a poster session wd be great. Talked about collaborative markup & Gephi today
Thank you Marisela. Such a beautiful name. You need a blessing soon, I know that He will never let you carry a load you can't bear
Never say im not enough.
follow back?
Merry Christmas to all !
hey can i have a shoutout? or if u wanna explain to me what a 20 for 20 is il possibly do that
Flower Boy Ramyun Shop,Dream High,Protect the Boss, Playful Kiss,My Girlfriend is a Gumiho, Your Beautiful,Boys Over Flowers
Shady 2.0 bringing lyricism back to mainstream hiphop? Am I too late?
Dwight Howard is killing his image. QUIT ACTING LIKE A CHILD. Your an adult who doesn't like your boss.
<<ITNS>> in play - huge peenystock Pr finally out!
Newspapers write about events, the Web uses events to write about ideas?
HPNG Goes to the Bronx! Nov. 2nd HPNG Latino Leaders Networking Event with Guest Speaker Bronx Borough President Ruben Diaz, Jr.
Don't leave something good to see if you can find better, because once you realize you had the best the best found better.
The media paranoia in the Mexican presidential debate is so odd.
Letterman: "Rush Limbaugh is down to two national sponsors: Crisco & Twinkies."
Rooney Mara ’s Edgiest Looks: How the ‘Tattoo ’ Star Is Pushing the Fashion Envelope (PHOTOS) Rooney Mara has definitely made a nam
No your not. :]
I'm Out 414 Damage Mode G.F.B. Its Problems Hoe.
Happy birthday !!! <3
This world is getting crazier every day. "Are you more amazed at how things change, or how they stay the same?" ~Cheryl Wheeler
who wants to skype?
#sometimesyouhaveto sacrifice what you had for what you truly want.
With the historian it is an article of faith that knowledge of the past is a key to understanding the present.
I have a habit of making nouns into verbs. I do what I want.
eating bacon?
Yes way. I freaked out a little bit.
Amen! RT : Ive never really gotten into boxing, but I definitely want to find a way to watch this Mayweather-Cotto fight tmro night
I just took my english exam.
and an ass whooping is an ass whooping
Phone call or a text -- which do you prefer?
Straight up! >> RT Lie to me once and I'll start questioning everything you say or do.
Our drum was falling apart, so we duct-taped it. Good as new
A night of #NBA ball #Thunder v. #Celtics and #Mavs v. #Lakers, #Australian Open and Republican SC debate.Spring semester is well in sight!
WENGER YOU BLEW IT. GOOD LUCK SIGNING NASRI WHEN YOU BLEW THE CC BY NOT LETTING HIM RUN THE MIDFIELD. HE AND CESC WILL LEAVE
good thing I have Netflix I mean
Driving downtown to work <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Amazing work !RT : Impressed by the videos tonight at #Sing2012? They are the work of
Good morning
terrible ex girlfriend to have taken a year of my life and showed me how much it hurts to be used when needed and forgotten when not so in
actually, whats worse is that if you torture the model it will show you anything,see also the myth of statistical significance
"write that down" -van wilder #CONGLOMERATE respect it like busta said... Good morning bean town!
Laker game now!
Once your out here you can go as much as you'd like :)
When Mel comes over >>>>>
Home, but sitting in the car until "Shoop" is done playing on the radio. Nineteen years later, this jam is still straight fire.
sick right before christmas...why
I guess they decided to pluck a day out of late April for this Leap Year.
Fact You Will Have Absolutely No Use For In Your Lifetime: In 1857, The US mint stopped making the half-cent coin.
In Ancient Greek mythos, Spring happened because Demeter, the harvest and fertility goddess, was welcoming her daughter home.
BTW..I'm in the gym 3 times a week and only eat chicken or fish & no fried foods. I bet my lungs can STILL outdo yours!!
Just about died when I found out were going to be on the <3
. A good photo, like a good painting, is more than decorative: it leads your eye to see and your mind to connect & imagine.
I need to get a copy of Kelly Clarkson's latest album. Idk it was this good!
i wouldve said the same thing
Today I had broccoli for lunch, but then I ate a doughnut. So basically I'm at zero, right? That's how nutrition works?
Glad for the CBS ratings tonight...but this is like gumbo...w/ rice...
#IThankGod that the health scare my mom had the other week wasn't cancer.
#Free Tickets to See the Off-Broadway show #MACBETH in #NYC --Follow for more info!
Wish I was at the b side tonight... :(
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
thank you!! glad you're enjoying it! :)
what color lipstick you wearing? Haha j/k.. go get em!
yo New York...im at Brother Jimmys at 16th st...let's have a PBR
I can't comprehend on how people HATE on a certain group or person in the music industry, unless they really are ignorant.
Cuba Gooding sucks in this movie
RT : Reminder: this Fri a contest for our Twitter friends only! 5/27 at 12pm pst for a chance to win! (U.S. entrants only)
#adobe #cq5 needs to expand their training past the websites, DAM and security tabs. Learning so much about #tags today
omgg guess what!
Hate to go fix em tho.
lol I never lie still on tables lol
“Once we choose hope, everything is possible.” Christopher Reeve
No just for that! Hell no!
Was "elevenburritos" already taken?
Xavier's dance concert is June 23 @ 6pm at Flowers HS. Grp rate tix are $20 each. Would like to attend? If so, how many tix?
I hope Pedro has got it. After being at the game two years ago when he hit a grand slam, I dropped $50 on his rookie card!
Heading down the home stretch. Last break before the end of class. One more round of questions to follow shortly.
you have to message me to win, hit me up!!
seen bits and pieces today...bout ta be a problem!
I would argue that it's who is receiving the education,
You're a great basketball coach/player but what else are you? What things define you as a person and as a professional?
guys that wear bro tanks.
If you woke up in a bed with a roof over your shoulders, then there's no reason you can't be thankful for something today!
aw! Thanks, lady :)
Thanks. I'm working with ! A beautiful film!
Morning Rockstars! > You cannot plough a field by turning it over in your mind. - Author Unknown
I just have a taste for Bacon... or Chinese food. Maybe Chinese food with Bacon on the side. Just a thought
/// Every little thing is getting on my nerves right now.
king of shuffleboard and accidentally sitting on your testicles
Little disappointed in the lack of Twiggy or other unrecognizable members of the band. Why even have the full band shots?
then we don't have a problem! haha :) My BFF is... only time I've thought about cheering for them was in the final 4 vs. UK
Good lookin' out - thanks for the shoutouts.
We'd like to thank for the delicious food and impeccable service in catering this week's #TBRI training.
Baby sleeping good I bet. lol
t is all right you can just congradulate them for their marriage
Bored <U+2192> Goes to kitchen <U+2192> Opens fridge <U+2192> Looks inside <U+2192> Leaves empty handed
Good morning beautiful people!!!
Looking good, TT!
Tannehill can play! Great athlete too! I think he's a great fit for the Fins. Definitely increases playoff chances
I already have June through August booked for Dark After Thoughts. There are some pretty awesome shows coming you don't want to miss
I am only friends with ppl who have personally tried to kill me
thanks for the info. will look into it!
If I can't hear them I don't care.
Simpsons' Minnesota shout out!
I never wanted to grow up, I just wanted to be tall enough to reach the cookies.
Laying here thinking...
I've heard ESPN and Disney are quite the slumlords. Best of luck surviving through that hell!
lookin a little red up there
Great Op-Ed from on 's new book
Good Night from Las Vegas!! Sweet Dreams.....
I'm in Dahab. It's a little slow for me. I miss the mayhem of Cairo.
I'm still asked to surrender data so I can read a whitepaper. Not needed. Ok, then I won't read your whitepaper.
so true
Dj C.N.C presents $2-U-CALL ITS+$200 stroke my pole contest cabaret $2 patron hennesy bacardi grey goose budlight bud coronas+more!
Such a maligned profession they deserve a week! MT : Today is "Meteorologist Day"
I'm on the porch with no followers
Dear Hollywood: please, please stop "rebooting" things. That is all.
same here - my Mum is visiting this weekend, house is a mess, & I have a blog post to finish. Think a beer will get me motivated?
I think imma make a rapp(:
PickUpLine: Hi, my name is Milk. I'll do your body good.
"people" piss me off
And THAT is one gigantic tragedy. What a great, great work of art.
What?! Oh come on... Make some popcorn...That always makes me feel better :)
William L. DeAndrea~ Lifes two Great Questions Why me and What do I do now
omg you's are babies!
yooo what up doe
Doesn't change the fact that I've found my soulmate. <3
Jef in #TheBachelorette is my boy! SO ADORABLE!
- me n Katie Are throwin our bras up at the crofoot! <3 <3
OMG best pic EVER :)
I concur.
#Brewer fans with a clear victory in the shouting match after "root, root, root for the" during today's "Take Me Out The Ballgame."
Ya, but you're cute! Limbaugh's just gross.
Delays in repairing city finances hurt all Detroit taxpayers. At least 1/3 of your tax dollars go toward debt service & pension obligations.
Andy Russell - game starts here & ends there; toy is open-ended. #app challenge panel all designed "toys"
Awesome show Marc & Pitbull Congratulations Calle 13 soy un fan de la mata.
RT@: #SignsYouLostAFight you black out and scurry to the pokemon center.
Gravity issues in Angry Birds Space is killing me! #this is heavy.
And for some reason i am up...
Enjoy that day off!
You watch The Real Housewives
Hey, thanks! I dig the site. Where are you based out of?
If I'm not doing numbers I doing your bitch, BITCH
i love this song :)
So happy to be home and about to curl up in my very own bed.
Spending Friday night at home after such an exhausting week was the best decision i've made in weeks
SPACECAMP finally signed a record contract with Modern Records! What happens now?
U Anit even bout dat life<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Stop that. RT I'm at The Outback (Washington D.C., DC)
Bored right now
Hi Tony, More than happy to promote The Metro at future events .....
Yes i do think we will get there. Where at in ga do you live?
Thank you sir for the FF :)
Im tired but im not.
Get a little ironing done?
Oh I know but why did they have to pick that fugly dress.
take it easy there killer
I just looked at the other LitFuse site in Seattle, and it says that she makes websites too!!! We are going to have to look in to this.
#WhatAWomanNeeds is a woman who understands her needs!
#OneThingIDontLike He Don't Text Back
9.5g cookies: Chocolate Chip, Oatmeal Cranberry, and Peanut butter
Last night in Maui, no lovely sunsets the entire time we were here. Plus I hardly took any photos, didn't really venture out much in storms.
that's HORRIBLE :(
ROW A THON! Support today and tomorrow at the MU Union while they row their little hearts out!
Day 2, still raining, still need more coffee.
Glad you could join the tweeting world!
Reminder: Tomorrow 1st of the month 20 % off your purchase...come to any of our 3 locations and do you Sunday Shopping!
: awesome! I would wait until August for Maui
i know you may have wanted to read it, but think of how embarrassed she would have been. gotta respect her for her decision. x
I can't wait to kick Romney's cocky ass in November
goo to bed
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> what's going on?
Watching the world cup. Let's keep it going USA.
The more you complain, the longer God makes you live.
Bumble, a handful of us are in front of the venue waiting in line. Are you able to stop and say hi?
wtf. a bunch of people keep unfollowing me. :(
IKR ! they are such good singers
And #TOUT helped me catch it all on video
Ooohhh we, met me a seeexxxyyy serbian chick today at the mall. That makes 2..!! :-)
we stopped talking cause you started talking to her <U+2197> her <U+2199> her <U+2192> her <U+2193> her <U+21AA> her <U+21AB> her <U+21B2> her<U+21AF> her <U+21B1> her <U+21B6> and her <U+21B4>
It's lunch time. And I don't know what I want. Perhaps a charbroiled child wrapped in bacon with a healthy salad on the side?
modeling isnt for every girl, just like rapping isnt for every black guy... instead of circling fame nd money...find wht makes u happy
anus cheese on your pillows ?
Lexington is trending. Can not help but smile. Love this city!
Eff my life..I hate studying for geometry test Mrs.G always has me freaked out!
Thanks for the RT. Have you been to any of the Somali places on the list? Hoping to try my first in the next week or so.
Pres. Shimon Peres to #miamimegamission: greatest natural resource Israel has- human beings. Ppl enriched land more than land enriched ppl
First day of class and tennis in San Diego.
My pride to high to keep asking one time is good
Did you attend our Annual Meeting this week? We're looking for blog posts recapping sessions and other thoughts on the conference.
thanks for the comments!
my gma just called to tell me Obama is on the view today..
My neighbors just gave me some fried zuccini flowers. Yum.
That heart sinking feeling you get when you read something you dont want to know.
What if I told you we have a new song coming out soon...
it wasn't even u! Wow I cant believe u have that big a crush on me!
How long do you have to say that, This is not the person I used to know. You're not the person I used to know.
Ok. Be there in 5
Went for a 5 mile run threw central park gota get it in! everyone's like be careful bla bla I ain't scared! but I did lose my house key.
At lecture 2 learn about DH initiative at Princeton. It's a pretty full house!
I have a new surprise addition coming soon to Revenj!!
how is the city treating you ?
Home sweet home.
The San Antonio Spurs have outscored their opponents by 16 points per 100 possessions in the last 20 games of the 2011-12 season.
working at my internship with the radio station with Mary and having fun. chestnut brothers for the win!
If you can draw, give me your hands.
Thank you GOD for waking me up this morning and thank you for all my followers and the more that coming
Not sure how his availability is 'uncertain.' He's being held w/o bail until Monday. Rodgers = 500y passing?
That's what we use old card catalog cards for.
Apparently NASA has web crawling needs..
Show your true Facebook colours
Brad, Happy Easter bro!
im so furrreaking mad.
love that idea!!!
Practicing w/ Twitter
yes, upgraded from a 3GS. Am totally devoted. :) <3
Very excited to talk #mhealth in NYC this week.
Staged reading tonight pm. The Bridge Theatre at Shetler Studios 244 w 54th, 12 floor!
Thank you!
“: Aw hail no! #weatherjokes but seriously it is coming down #Houston” hahaha that cracks me up
Women must lead! "You can't be what you can't see" - Marion Wright Edelman.
It was a great game! And thank you so much. Hope you have a good weekend!
No problem. Hey I had some tech difficulties from our podcast back in Dec. but finally fixed it. Will go up later today.
"She excitedly confided in me that she has a--GASP--30yo lover. I shut her down by saying a yr ago I was blowing a 56yo for hockey tickets."
Our artist lineup is growing everyday check out the new artists with Poised Creation.
So thrilled to have been featured on the all things Parisian wedding blog, today.
Yo Sean,,, you wanna help us edit?
Proactively enhancing my art to provide love and emit positive vibrations.
Great lunch and bloody mary at
Alpha Delta Pi. First, finest, forever.
Just studying at the Tea Bazaar with , Liam, , and Ben #trendy/folksy
Solid little night doing what I do best.. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
Name-dropper!!
We're number 8 on the ReverbNation Blues charts for Jacksonville, FL. www.reverbnation.com/rufar0
Time to go to school -.-
shut up, you know you like them :)
Shooting the lovely Ann Arbor all day. Show me your good side, darling.
Took my baby brother to the park (:
It b what it b. I ain't tripping.
Pacers&#39; improved chemistry big factor in success
Oregon state fair show is cancelled. I'm literally in tears. I went through so much to get these.
Home Quote of the Day Topics Authors Quiz Words Professions Birthdays
Lol. Bitch, I been reading since b4 you was born!
duh that show is crazy
That was the FUNNIEST "Get in the Cage" EVER! #SNL!
please send them to my site.
Okay I'm off to bed :(
I'm obsessed with Burger King's Frappe.
You make me wanna die I'll never be good enough8
miaRT : Please RT if you're ready to have the best New Years of your life!
In downtown Chicago. I always like it here.
Best hashtag ever? #louistheswagmaster1D I think so I also enjoy
HA! Only the good ones do...the rest aren't worth the time
No unfortunately I moved back to Baltimore. Will be back for 4th of July ! So we will have to party it up at the pool
not sure, but what % of spending budget is IT? decent amount IMO
Thinking about roasting S'mores w/ my hubby last night! XOX Did I mention it was yummy too?? Love to ab :)
I can see that. Was sort of wondering what they would do in stage besides banter!
roll one burn one gucci
Don’t have time for a peel but want to look refreshed try a 5% Tca peel under the eye to really smooth and tighten the delicate tissue.
You rock! Hope you enjoy your first meal!
i hate when i take naps, i wake up hot.
About 40 talented actors at this table read. Nice.
Tuesday #HCG Tip~In the 50s tuna wasnt allowed b/c it was packed in oil. Now water packed tuna is allowed & encourage fast #weightloss on P2
Once burned by milk you will blow on cold water. ~ Russian Proverb
scoping out for collaborators at Africa Underground Smithsonian Event tonight.
thanks for the #ff !
Prayer really does sooth the soul.
There is this very disturbing rhythmic thumping in my office building today. It's like a heartbeat. #telltaleheart?
Beyonce' and Jay-Z finally did it!! Aw baby "Jayonce" lmfao
Incense w/ #thevirginmary #Jesus & #Saints on the package! Only @ the 99 cents store. Who came up w/that?
I knew either you or would be the first people to reply to that but
Got a new phone today, I'm going to try to tweet tweet more
Leo + old makeup = Jon Voigt
Thanks for following! Have a wonderful weekend! :)
Where are you going with this?!
Twitter is all about #SAGawards tonight!
RT : What's the funniest thing you've ever done in a photobooth?
thanks for fallowing! :)))))
I know, it's a pretty rare car to own.
You might be our new hero!
I like the info viz aspect. Quick mapping of, say, P1/P2/P3 on same continuum, then looking vertically for patterns
It seems right now that all I've ever done in my life is making my way here to you.
The comedy rule of 3 ! Yes & Yes your character turns 18! U too :)
tweet each other I'm trying to get some #beautysleep and Matt I can be any slut u want me to be I'm always down to
Watching Bobby Fischer interviews. Why can't such a genius be sane?
sup man? You still alive?
#BestBandInTheWorld uh... Big Time Rush! Big Time Rush!Big Time Rush!Big Time Rush!Big Time Rush!Big Time Rush! uh...DUH!!!!!!!!
Twitter is now loading slow :(
is there a kick around tonight at swope?
I may have to go to brunch today, in order to have a socially sanctioned reason to begin drinking before noon.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
TRIVIA TUESDAY! Here's a toughie...who can tell me what was so unusual/unique about the apartment where Keith Moon of The Who died?
thanks for the retweet;)
Hey if you're interested in fantasy football, check out the new Fantasy Football Stock Market at www.orpster.com.
is he cute?
lol :D we are just hilarious people!
My mom is the best hands down tho! She loves my crazy ass some how lol
Why isn't 's cd(s) being sold in stores!?! I have to listen on youtube for now XD
'SC plates for all!
Definition of,"stand up sit down type of guy": stands up only when it makes them look good or it's safe.
had breakfast with my twin brother this morning & was glad that he and i started another year together again. thank you the powers that be
I dont know but we have to find the nest and destroy it. there were literally 10 in my house today
Wish you the best. Hang tough.
Massive changes about to occur.
hahaha oh the good times
Thank God for waking me this morning today try to help some one that doesnt have like u
wow!!! You are so funny and I never see you!!!
when's the decadent housewarming?
Good morning to all my new tweeties!!! Thx for following DYNPR. Be sure to keep up with me!!
RT : The opens tomorrow! What are you most excited to see?
Our kickball team is 0-2. Need to turn things around tonight!
I lived in North Carolina for a bit. Days like today are why I don't any longer.
congrats you guys did it
King of the mashups in a remix culture, Paul. But I'm really being selfish. I'd like to see Reynolds back on the television.
Happy Mother's Day To Mrs. Simmons . <3
tru But u r evil sometimes
Join the Ybor City Striders at our first Team Meeting at The Laughing Cat in Ybor at 7 pm September 1st.
i got a craving for chicken and waffles...
Kentucky Derby 2012: How the Innkeeper sees it so far...
His abs, the fact that he doesn't judge men, & just his personality!
You missed the Last Train to Amsterdam, but not the last one to Marietta! Hop on and come see us tonight at Swayzes!
sounds interesting, what time are you looking for attendees to participate?
right back 'atcha.
WORDS TO THE WISE: THE NEW MINIUM WAGE $15.00 BUCKS AN HOUR - PAT FORD*
she's the sweetest taste of sin
I have. My problem is that I can't make them go away---even when settings are at 0.
Who are these random musicians playing sob songs? Is it amateur night at the grammys?
so perhaps I'm just taking your Philadelphia gay space on the roster? :)
Congratulations to Susan Lee, who passed her oral exam this Tuesday, May 2.
": my Jjay! Miss u" hey there miss u more XOXO
Thanks for sharing with us about your vision and work. Interested to hear what folks think the future holds for magazines.
CSU impressive in the first half against Murray St. Dig the dude on Murray with the fro! LOL
Dam im tired
STOP! If your next post mentions Katy Perry or Russell Brand, you're too late! We know...
Got A Big Deals on the Table &I Just gt the Call tht #ITSGOINGDDOWN HA Only thing Now between me&These Deals is #TIME U KIDDIN ME?
Monks brewing beer in the Middle Ages were allowed to drink five quarts of beer a day... Monk hood wasn't so bad.
This puzzle will not get done tonight... :-(
For some reason I really want those buddy holly glasses and I don't think they look that bad
you bet. Based on the same scientific protocol as most uses of compression: "it looks cool". ;)
I'm in. I want a tambourine.
Heading out to run some errands. Than hitting the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
She was a belieber only for followers. RT : why did you change your name from ? Don't you like…
#confession I'm spontaneous :)
haha yeah i wish i had memory loss for that moment lol
wish I was in St Louis...
No breakfast yet I'm Downtown hungry idk bout this expensive ass food maybe Ill eat some Brightmor Grandy's
SASSC Followers, we apologize for the spam tweets & direct messages earlier today as we had our account hacked. Please don't click anything.
YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL!!
Yep, at current pace it's going to be a VERY long season.
What both of you said.
"non-stop poppin, ball-droppin fun!"--terrible playskool ad
Get the Security Personnel You Want – When you Need Them!
You fancy, huh?
Sounds Yummy! RT Indulging on the tastiest drink: chai-der (apple cider and chai). Thank you ! You're the best!
Watching The Avengers has made me want to become a super heroine!
Are you selling yourself to hard online? Stop. Time to give your target what they really want. Information and resources.
to bad i couldntt meet one direction today at the signing:/ theres always tomorrow;) yay! cant wait<3
FB RT: In The Studio: Brian DeYoung: Setting up a Project Template in Revit. Everything you could ever need to know. Live in 3 weeks!
baby I wish you were here with me so I can snuggle with you <3
DAY ONE of no car :(
Gihan, "We are here to turn around the fear. We have unleashed a tool called Turbovote."
'The Maya Prophecy, a novel' is in production. Keep an eye out. It's coming soon!!!
Beauty should not just be defined by whats on the outside
Me: Is this a good game? : yeah. : Why? Because of the back and forth?
“ Its fuckin funny... Some chicas just cant dance. No rythm.... Funny shit. Such a turn off.”
Well my leg is official jacked-up and retarded :(
well said Lisa. So true.
Better than I deserve. RT : hi Paula how r u?
the only thing that will get alex Nauth out of his cave is a bad ass tour (;
omg so true i do the same lol
I'll check with Jeff tomorrow. We'll be talking
Very well said!
happy birthday Dani. I hope you have an amazing one. :)
my baby's all grownd up. But I'd have to see proof to believe. and maybe a recipe too. Lol.
Who's ready to get a 1 this upcoming week?
everybody loves you
I thought my ears were burning! LOL Glad you all had a great show!
Just got paid $45 for 2 hours of baby sitting
I am Shahin Najafi. Every free person in this world is indeed.
im looking at my daughter and wondering how life is going to treat her with her disability and sad to say i wont always be
go away and i didnt call you a bitch
perhaps upset he's not listed as a Top 15 player in the league : )
Watching one of my students in the grad school program demonstrate his culinary ability on the rhode show!;) nice...
My current restaurant hit list: below in no order- Joe Dough, Paulie Gee's, Taco Bell Union Square, Takashi, Kutsher's Tribeca, Super Linda
Did you know we do Free 1-minute Mastering Samples in our top-of-the-line Mastering Package 'D'? www.diamondiscaudio.com
#ICutYouOff not to hurt you, but to make sure you don't ever think about hurting me again!
@ legislative hall now :) here we go!
My marriage is on the rocks again; yeah, my wife just broke up with her boyfriend. Rodney Dangerfield
enjoyed your site and see a tremendous need for what you offer. Thank you friend!
3 more days till we rock the Cincinnati Guitar Show!!!
Also: I blame Dan Savage. Also: Fuck Dan Savage.
that's mine too!! Love it!
I should be though
oh but I do like those outfits!
Gym bag packed for lunch time workout. That's the only thing I'm looking forward to today.
Did you know that anxiety, phobias and panic attacks can go away finally, permanently, fully and forever? Hypnosis works!
Mi fuckin throat hurt r/s
Great. I'll start working on calendars and location.
This is nuts!!!!
I see whats going on here, you two a thing?<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B1>+<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B1>= <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0088>
your very beautiful
Cool, let's get coffee soon.
Let's try again! How Are Genetically Engineered Crops Affecting Foods? ow.ly
no haha. that's the part i was having a hard time with.
oh fuck yeah you coming to Denver and Boulder. Will it be your first time in Colorado?
Dear Austin Carter Mahone, that smile of yours is the reason I wake up every morning.
i am sorry
I'm up! I'm up! I'm up! Now just have to move my body lol. Good morning all!
Totally. She killed it at conference RT : HA! Hope you wished a happy
RT : We've reached the first media timeout of the #ACCTRNY, with Maryland leading Wake 12-7. All five starters have scored for MD.
really? That would be dope!
Maybe they can just scroll a disclaimer during the first six! Lol
Prom go-ers got pulled over. **sighs** #memories lol
lol thanks for the taco king :):)
Yeah for sure. Zuck made a note of that in his update on his Timeline, because it definitely seems that way!
thanks for the follow my friend! Miss your smile and spirit! Sending you 80 degree sunshine from San Diego : )
is gonna be at the #q102springleball. We should go, right?
BREAKING NEWS: you're awesome!
Thanks Jason! We're happy to be here! (Sorry, I didn't see your mention until now. That usually doesn't happen.)
Ford's dad always says that dogs are eternal optimists. They will just keep trying no matter how many times you say no :)
The #Brewers recently signed two OFs yet they claim they know nothing about Braun's status. I'm calling their bluff.
The heavy breathing on this conference call is NOT ACCEPTABLE! HR violation!
Coconut cake with coconut frosting. Now don't you wish you were #alaleftbehind ? ;)
I know! It's even worse when you think about feeding it to your kid. Why can't they just keep food simple?
Not going to be able to hang out with my roommates this entire week. Guess I'll just have to indulge myself with Minecraft.
Warroad dominated the tempo in the first period but the score remains 0-0 against South St. Paul.
Str8 up RT : Err dog has his day...
i'm thinking of starting a blog dedicated to said sub-par(esque) musicians to publicly humiliate them enough that maybe they'll stop?!
You already know haha
what's going on with inkefx? Anything coming for summer?
Even if things have died in your life, at the water of God's Word it will spring to life again. Nothing is impossible to God! (Job 14:7-9)
The Dictator starts at 7 >>>>
same here, I haven't been out in months...going to happy hour tomorrow though, we'll see how that goes.
I'm about to check that out
I feel like I have ADD right now... All of a sudden I can't focus on my homework.
In #Texas, Mosquitos show up on radar.
Sitting in an office for 8 hours straight makes me feel like a caged bird. Not trying to sing, as much as flap my wings and get out!
just tried the new touchscreen machine at neat! i wish club soda was an option. sometimes i want bubbles and no sugar.
Nothing matters anymore. My two teams are out.
Over 100 followers overnight!!!!! C3 is the fastest growing muscle car club in Dallas!!!! Challengers, Camaros and Chargers STAND UP!!!
thank you!
yep! And I spoke on how to keep a fanbase engaged in a genuine way inbetween "asks"
bluegrass band eh? I'm from the chestertown area. What band? Chester river runoff?
Blackbird singing in the dead of night, take these broken wings and learn to fly.
there was a suspicion that the teacher was y.
Today is the day...so exciting!
Dirk flopping and shit
88.5 KCSN Los Angeles is the best...Listening to B-Side Ray Lamontagne is all I need...B-Side anything on radio these days rocks...
Median wealth of US white households=20x black households, 18x Hispanic households; the largest gap since govt started collecting data.
We were STYLIN :) leaving here in 20 mins...YOU GUYS BETTER B READY :)
How many ppl do he block?
Can't wait! RT thanks 4 the shout-out 2 We're proud of our baby. Season 2 will be even better!
I left you in the past so that I could have a better future.
Congrats! Such a blessing. Enjoy the sleepless nights!
can't wait to see you !!
8 hours in the car was entirely too long. It was good to see family :) Looking forward to the hotel & seeing on 7/22
Wtf is African Jew trending? Twitter is racist.
Confidence comes not from always being right, but from not fearing to be wrong.” <U+2665>
So excited to join on tonight to talk about citywide portion control campaign from ! Starts 9PM
If you can't make art, make your life a work of art - Andre Malraux
Trying to decide where to go for vacation in May with Scott. I'm thinking Florida sounds good!
#FollowAnyTime no, no THANK YOU!
We spotted it in Brookfield, Wis @ the B&N store there at the mall. I may have yelled "It's Phil's book!" in middle of store
if that is wrong, I don't want to know what right is RT : Am I wrong cuz I wanna get it on til I die?
COME CHECK OUT THE NIKE JORDAN AND ADIDAS WE HAVE IN STOCK!!!!
we took the crap out of scrapple. It's not offal...
Brewers magic number 18...let's knock off 6 more with this weeks Cards series!
lmao come join me and anthony for some smores at our bonfire lol
Just heard new song and it is awsome I can't wait to hear the whole CD
There is the Holiday Inn about a block or so away. Group code "EG5".
Racine always confuses me too! Sounds like a good group for the wedding :)
May 15 1942 WWII ended C
Made friends toward the end of 1st semester and haven't spoke to them since.
Rest in Peace Dick Clark
Aww, thanks, Ashley! Made my day. You deserve a #ff right back!
Anyone have a lunch recommendation for easton? Close to Weyerbacher.
Fan since UCLA! My brother was just diagnosed with CML. Just learning, sad to miss Q&A! Good sources of Info?
Million $ ideas ... Hundred $ plans.
Fuck that new girl that you like so bad.
uhh I think chase gav me the wrong number.
my daughter is so sweet!
well, that some of you.. needs to teach more of the others ! haha :)
Need to dance Need to dance Need to dance Can't dance broken stereo! Need to dance Need to dance
Whales Adjust Their Hearing Sensitivity: When warned of a loud noise, a false killer whale reduced its hearing sensitivity in anticip...
OMG I have been looking at jersey shore all day and I still have not do any of the homework my teacher gave me on Friday WOW
drove by Laugh Factory & I THINK I saw your name, but didn't see it on Website. R U in LA performing? I'll check Laugh Factory
Let's kick this thang OFF!!!
hating my new upstairs neighbors. it is not OK to throw cigarette butts, trash, and broken class from your patio to mine.
Nobody outside of your Gamecock bedfellows, anyway. There's a reason your network lags so far behind.
Thank goodness I got one of my papers out of the way! now only 5 more to go. AND I got an A- on the midterm I thought I did terrible on, yay
Pacer piston brawl ..where is the Guy now who got head knocked off by world peace lol
can I borrow the first book of Game of Thrones from you?
How does one get a foot in the door with the nps? I found the PERFECT job, but they are only ever hiring internally (or current/former fed)!
u know it bro lol
God Bless America as we move to the next page in the story untold. www.rickeyleewatson.com Where tomorrows America is in today's Children
It should be illegal for RAs to be that hot.
If physical therapy is supposed to make me feel good, it doesn't.
they definitely played poorly down the stretch in that game, no denying that.
Last day today for our intern. Good luck in Prague, James! Thanks for all of your hard work and dedication. Have an amazing time!
Men on 1st and 3rd, no outs.
Late night up with fam
where u at
An hour and fifteen minutes from going home and packing for Jessica's wedding!
3 hour 47 minute flight to Arizona for spring training with prospect handbook. Should be able to get about 1/3 done.
Concerned about Tony Iommi. Hope he beats this.
Seriously? "You forgot to thank your horse."
Austin office building Colina West (68,639 sq-ft) sold to MM-Value Investment Co. LLC. Avg rents were $14.45 N at time of sale.
RT : RT : Twitter is becoming the "newspaper of the future" says at 's
20For mans anger does not produce the righteousness of God James 1:20
Deal with it bitch
You too close(Dylon,Mad real world) lol RT : BECAUSE I SAID SO!!! I donno u & I don't like ppl in my personal space! Back up!
One time a purported taxi driver picked my son up at Union Station, and he didn't even have a license or meter.
sshhhh...don't tell them the secret. lol.
I mean I need to walk SOMEWHERE
yes!! Who you cheering for today??
Omg! I have to work early , hating iit! I'm tired
Me TOO!!
Why is it so cold right now? ugh
When we laugh really hard at anything we forget everything else. If we can forget everything else and enjoy the moment while laughing...
The start of the week can be pretty daunting! What are some tips for staying motivated throughout the week?
Packing up the H3D gear to go shoot
"I wannabe your Everlasting Light!" The Black Keys Rock!
Hey , of course. I'm just getting out of this panel so I'll be in the Thomas room writing, but I could always use a break!
I've been good. School is well and all
So what's the point?
dumb ass I know where he is from dipshit Earl needs his.momma to put him in check
that's what you do when you want everybody to like you.
Try the shrimp tacos!
How can you not sing along to Bohemian Rhapsody!?
"Women and fools never forgive." ~ Chinese Proverb
CALL & RESPONSE will be open today at 570 Broad Street (14th Floor) from 1-5 pm. Stop in and check out the exhibit. It closes next week.
Why choose Newbridge Home Loans: Portfolio Products with no limit on the number of financed properties for investors
u falling up in there
100 mothafuckas can't tell me nothing.
Tell that to Braski.
Thanks so much for the add:) Have a great weekend and wishing you
I think my dad is going to have the same things done... as it is, he only has half of his teeth, I think
I live in LA
Happy New Year man!;)
Happy Saturday Beautiful People. Another warm and beautiful day in LA #ThankYouMorePlease - XavierLT.com
Pls see -- good stuff.
Happy birthday, Claude Shannon, inventor of information theory, who built a computer that calculated in roman numerals
RT": In the face! In the face" hahahahaha
Enjoying my last few mini eggs before returning to my days of no dairy
thats how i do
This lady got the THIRST lol come on now she too old to be doin all this
I always get so excited when I meet someone new in my dept. Probably cuz this college is so tiny, it rarely happens lol.
Haha I just turned on twitter & it said that you tweeted to me sayin '&i just Texted them' what were you talkin bout? Haha.
I'm getting up early to take my sister to worship practice. So why don't you practice recorder for a while? Oy gevalt.
that just has to be "mom" related.
#whatidoknowis Ya Betta Go Follow My Gurl She Needs 1,000 Followers By Tonight , So go follow her..
Jam up 26-23 with 2:27 to left in the first period
Queen Noor (the former Lisa Halaby) used to string for CBS News.
You do not wanna see Alannachan drinking coffee... >.<
thx so much! :)
Got to stay focused. Keeping my eyes on the prize
Ha! My inspiration was MySpace pages. Could you tell? :)
Hey Chloë! We love you so much and we just created an account for the fans. Please follow us or even mention us. XOXO.
alreadyy am also just wanted to let you know ILOVEYOU.
He also failed to shave and has bags under his eyes that suggest he hasn't slept in days.
by the time i download the app it's gonna crash too
Can't wait to next week! Loving talking about perception.
you okay boo?
Vegas Fight Weekend Rule #48 Canelo fighting at MGM = mad thick mexican chicks on the strip latenight
Thinking about skipping school today ...
When I see an "ugly" character on TV, I always wonder A) what the casting call was like and B) what you feel like when you get said part.
Thx for making such awesome ethical nursing clothes you really help make it easier xo
#JulesVerne #FrenchVegetableStew was the first #soup introduced and we sold out of each container!! A few spice modifications+ we nailed it!
Parents always talking about school
an alcoholic ;) just kidding though
Oh my God...Yale better stop tweeting ridiculous stuff now :-P
I just puppet warped a pen.
And cut no cut more guns more guts fuck boy you fucked up twice you considerin' you drownin'
I Miss you calling me tushie .....:(
thats coo..u been being good?
Watching It's Always Sunny to get ready for RSA
caring will never be a flaw. That is so wonderfully human and natural!
I love your board and repinned some to my wall. Thanks! Therese'
It's always sunny. life:)
The Broncos got a 6th round steal with Danny Trevathan. I don't care how big you are, you lead the SEC in tackles for 2 years, you belong.
2-1 Record, the team's looking good.
RT : #CHIP vote 3rd anniv. tomorrow – thanks for your vote to #InvestInKids & cover millions of
i tried calling u, i will try again tomorrow! =)
The #49ers seem to want it more. They are hitting harder and making plays. But if one guy can bring his team back, it's
#LastTimeIChecked there is no one like SHERELL :-)
promises to review items on her blog, then steals the item! Beware of StacieinAtlanta - she is a thief!!
So excited to watch 'El Bulli' documentary featuring chef Ferran Adrià , May 13. U watching it ?
Cool, thanks for pointing that out.
if i punch my head will it make it better so the concussion will go away? -__- fml
Is that really possible???
Lol last ad was about peanut butter facts- I'm allergic to the stuff lol why must I be reminded of this cruel fact often?!
If I was right about your email addy it should be in your email!
Manny Ramirez retires. Wow.
If RG3 ends up as a top-5 or even a top-10 NFL QB, then it was worth it. We've needed one of those for 20 excruciating years.
After I'm finished with Lost you are done, you suck!!
I'll have to come in and try it..how long will it be on the menu?
the Bengal house!
I swear Dante gon get everything he deserve. :)
Did that not remind you of TO vs. Pack?
Glad to take photos at the press conference today! Congrats on the mention from the white house this morning.
preaching to the choir
New computer hardware has been DELIVERED[D]. Geeking out tomorrow... with tequila
No one Ever Really Dies lol
there is an app for that...
I just started on paper one. lmao!!!
I have to reinstall tweeter on my cell after bumping into u at the gate :-)
are playing in #Ballard tonight Sad to be missing the show but u should go if you can
Most of what I have made I spent on Beer and women, the rest I just wasted!
Terrible night and ik won't see what I tweeted him a min ago, his last status made me thing that, anyways just a terrible day
Been reading on N. Korea since Kim Jong II's death. Still learning, but N.Korea seems like the most bizarre country in the world.
James can have em... All water and juices for me for 90 days... Fml
happy friday!!!
whoops ... both sessions i advocated for are happening now. Where is my clone when I need him?
and Acons are a Family <3
Thanks for the follow.
My Background Sexy ;D
At Urban Prep Academies students wear red ties. When seniors get accepted 2 college, they are presented a gold & red striped tie
Computing power in today’s cellphones is higher than all the computers that took Apollo 11 to the moon.
LOL Yes!! Congrats ;)
It's a very good point, but have to admit I was looking for more out of the Americana tent.
you are just a wealth of knowledge!!
Just found out they are going to have corn hole boards at the Big 12 Baseball Championship Fan Fest! Come one, come all!
Awww, my workout buddy is here. I must part now but thank you for having me join the party!!! Have fun Tweeps! See you online!
If your party isn't singing Like a Prayer, you might as well cancel the 2nd half.
Future #pleasedonthologram I can't deal with holographic autotune no sir no
Out on the water tonight. Love this!
Not the best day.. *Sigh*
All it takes is one RT to save one dumb fucks ass. Keep it real.
an acquired target will become green in the BUZhunt game card. Like should be right now.
Wen u meet me make a wish
I make a tweet
Bite your tongue. But I agree, there are some crazy ass Browns fans out there.
TAKE A SHOT FOR ME.!!
Oh you're a Mahomie too? Let's fangirl together. ;-)
I want Starbucks. Seriously, someone bring me some. I'll pay you.
The Conger Hypothesis: In any non-arbitrarily chosen group of people, there are assholes.
I need sleep. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
I can not confirm, nor confirm that statement- especially after the untimely collapse of the my back-alley craps blog
Doing dis one day at a time
Lets see how they taste before the public tastes Gourmet Nate. I haven't cooked from scratch in years.
Diablo II came out 12 yrs ago. I won't lie, I am honestly surprised to see so many ppl geeked over Diablo I's release. Good brand equity.
mick tell me you don't have an iPhone.
thanks for the RT today
His name is Jesse Hozeny! Love it!
Weekly Specials Feb. 23-29…Thai Beef Salad, Korean Rice Bowl
Feeling a little more normal post-Dharma Punx. We had an AMAZING guest speaker.
well...better that than Cleveland! No offense to Cleveland, Im just obligated to say that being part of Steelers Nation. :-)
sweet! Just direct message us with an address to send them to and how many uou would like an we will get them out.
Hello. Could we possibly get an interview? (:
“: “: Omg has scared of the snake” u already know owww” I was scared to lol
His ears are so big he could fly away with those fuckers! Lol
followe me :D
Thank you :)
babies are ugly as shit.
headband-induced headaches are the worst
awesome! i will definitely hit you up!
There's a difference between "I'm a person who does xyz" and "I'm doing xyz now," an advantage #ux research has over human subjects research
Last thoughts in nyc: The only consistent thing in NYC is the poor service, everyday, all the time. Nice work.
People at my school make fun of you guys all the time.It annoys me a lot lol.
being blessed as I listen
Rainy Sunday just staying home and chilling listening to
I'm so happy that Obama rejected the Keystone XL pipeline permit today!
I'll reply back to you later I'm going to class :)
Our Facebook likes jumped up to 213 from 180 while Twitter followers slipped to 172 from over 200. I guess we are bad twitterers. HELP!
goodnight tweet world.
The reason Arya is better than Dany is because Arya makes things happen. Dany whinges.
Ok you have evidence, But thats all Talk i wana see Action .
New piece to be posted soon...details to come later...
I would enjoy this ride on mass transit if it weren't so damn early. On the Marc and headed to Washington Union Station.
Does anyone know if is ok?!
The ground sensor thing is kinda creepy. Yes, I realize there are far worse matters to be creeped out about!
"I put the 'massage' in 'misogynist.'" -- clever masseuse who hates women
Echoed from RiRa Irish Pub via : Sitting for afternoon beers with a soon to be brown grad class of 2012
m.... cream cheese on my LoveBagel... That sounded wrong
Who's trying to hit Europe this summer? I'm trying to sip champagne in France and hit up Rome to get them to do as I do...
that's called blue chip recruiting!!!
O have you listened to EDX's On the Edge? Such a great album. You. Get to EDC.
Xavier Avery is a guy you need to keep a VERY close eye on.
Kevin this is Andrew. She doesn't even know your name how sad. HAHAHA
Do you have a Game Day Parasol yet? Order a Custom one now! gamedayparasols.blogspot.com What ya think?
RT : Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy. Robert Half
gotta run into the city and take Courtney to get her hair braided...waiting on the maid to come clean my house..
These pictures smdh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
thanks for the follow. Been reading your work and following since you guested on Keep up the good work!
As of 12pm, the 1st and 2nd grade LINK Summer class is full. Please stay tuned for additional updates as registration progresses.
lol i meant to favorite this one. thats weak
Lol ugh. Please tell me it can be double spaced?
January is National Glaucoma Awareness Month, just a reminder to be sure to remember the importance of your eye health
Matthew Sag from Loyola Chicago Law. Digitization to build stuff & analyze of text. Orphan status not of primary interest
Check out ! Some great tunes!
Thanks! As we get more views and subscribers I will add a few of the other movements. Please spread it around!
": Wow, that was filth by Veras to K Helton on that pitch. Nice, REAL NICE. #Brewers" another great game!
Yes! “: “: Love yourself. Love the world. There is no power stronger than love.” Love changes everything”
"and I keep hittin' re-tweet-tweet-tweet-tweet-tweet"
Kobe still the MAN!
Maybe we were never together. Maybe you were just messing with my head.
Thank you everyone for the support and great reviews for special thanks
Had a lot of fun watching The Walking Dead demo from TelltaleGames. It didn't shy away from any violence -- it's looking pretty damn good!
~ Remember, you can't steal second if you don't take your foot off first.~ Mike Todd
Want 50% off the Southern Comfort Food Class this coming Tuesday, September 13?? Just email me at to sign up!
Have you tried speaking to the AGM or GM of your club?
Impressive data from & ABI Research states the Mobile App biz model generated $8.5 Bil in Jan revenue scaling to $46 Bil in 2016!
My boyfriend's mom told me I remind her of Diane Keaton, so I know EXACTLY what I'm grateful for this year
Northlands Church billboard design approved and sent to printing company. Should be installed next week. Will send pics.
bout to eat Red Velvet cake
Tell us everyone, what is your New Years Resolution for 2012?
it may very well be that he only misses one series, or not. Neither of us know, least of all you. Peace.
you are my life!
Doug Collins does a great job with his young 76ers team!
What!! How did I miss the new season of #badgirlsclub starting tonight?!
lol your crazy
Who are these commentators ? Wheres Al Bernstein ?
Thanks for the follow! See you soon!
aww poor sour grapes jay...ignore the points they gifted vandy in the first half. Keep being bad at qb too wisc likes you4that
BACK IN BY POPULAR DEMAND Decadent Medi Cupcakes So Yummy! Chocolate/German Choc/Pineapple/Strawberry Cheesecake/Lemon! Menu at WEEDMAPS.com
u should follow me so u can follow exactly 800 people
Horrible Bosses is finally in the redbox!
My little boy went and down the slides at the park today, all by himself. And I missed it , I'm bummed.
I am an instrument of God. I dwell in high places where there is only divine perfection.
cant #BELIEVE its been 5 years! #NeverSayNever i remember the first video you posted!! #AMAZING!10
nice use of the word bildungsroman. ;-)
he shoved my testacle in my asshole...say what?!
you're a good teacher C-Hep!
Gotta love living in florida during this time of year done brought my dogs to play at beach and now us humans are playing at the pool
oh... That I answer to... They just have to get to the "Kraw" and I'm up!
I'm on tweet number 666. Now we can't have that! :-0
Almost time for #myfairwedding so excited! :-)
I'm so tired of these FiOs is better than Optimum and then Optimum is better then FiOs bak2bac commercials...aren't we short on competition.
I wanna see Rock of Ages.
Got so much on my mind
Muffins at 3 in the morning. Blueberry. Yum.
Thanks! This is going to be an incredibly difficult battle, but I've been there - done that.
Somehow I have mistakenly been placed on an e-mail list for the United Daughters of the Confederacy as 'Nicole Miller.'
I get on at Lee Hwy & Highland St. Saw the other buses pass at Veitch, around 8:20. Thx
I think and I are bonding.. (But there's still time left in the interview)
Long Wednesday means whiskey is in my future ..soon
Who da hell s still smokin Reggie you might as well smoke aloha as well<U+2755> #teamhighpower SPACESHIPS BITCHES<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
#Sundayplaylist includes a little Tupelo Honey by Nice work #Ronnie Montrose. Thanks for sharing your gift
I can't wait 2 go there! :) RT : Dear 4 opening in I'm in love. The #healthy options r fabulous!
Welcomes Keith Merrill as Caesar in Antony & Cleopatra
95% we will get a visit RT Do we have a logical chance of landing a visit?
RT KBN91 Please come to the main campus bro
thx for the philly hospitality! See u this summer for sure
I am going to "nibble" long. I think this correction provided more upside potential, then downside. But, we'll see.
Headed to NCSU Archives for a tour. Checked out UNCG Archives last night...so many great ideas, so little time (and space).
The Cubs won a game. In other news, Jesus has come to Earth for a second go 'round.
I don't know. I thought it's usually spam?
Heard it first from a Padres scout yesterday. Olney talked about it on ESPN too.
going to six flags fiesta texas for a senior field trip! and you?!
Have you ever taken older unsuccessful pieces and combined them together to make a "good" piece of art? I'm on the verge of it.
Asgardian time is much longer than earth time. Think dog years.
is basking in potato starchy goodness.
#Drawsomething...super addictive
thank you kind sir
thanks you !!
Just got out from a callback. The director is really good. Can't wait to hear that i booked it so I can work with him
. I would support that.
true. copyright has a utilitarian purpose, and a highlight of yesterday was you and spotlighting that.
Good morning :P
You're out of bullets, and you know what that means.
Does Paris Hilton still exist?
my weekend was _________. (one word only)
For sure. After I get feed back from my prof I'll look into publishing or blogging. I'll let you know!
“: All over, Devils hold on for a 3-2 win and take a 1-0 series lead in Florida!” Woo!
Anybody still willing to argue that should start over is taking crazy pills. #StartWroten indeed,
check us out
Have a headache and want chocolate...wonder if it will cure it! Also officially on vacation! Woot!
All of the right things at all of the wrong times. Hard, but necessary, life lessonz.
yeah gonna watch it right now
Walked into my coworkers office, heard the country station playing Banjo by Rascal Flats,
I LOVE LADY GAGA! Wish I was there!! Have fun!
Great work Anderson. Keep it up
RT : It never gets easier to explain to clients what DPI is, & why they can’t print any old image at any size they want.
Feb 6th, a taste of Italy. 5 courses, 5 wines, $65. Only 30 seats available! 334-262-2763 for reservations, need them by Jan 31! Call soon.
Cruuuuuuzzzz and Ell!
hey amelia. remember me?
I'm going to WaWa
thanks for beliving in me :) ill do it just for you! lol
Kids are testing in our 1st period so we had to move to a different classroom o
#MadMen sally is awesome, and betty is still a total bitch that i wish would go away
Beyond Lee Enterprises&#39; Bad 2Q: Mobile Magic Bullet?
what's in it for me???
what is wrong with people?! Toenail clipping should be done in private!
The show "Doomsday Preppers" is about the strangest show I have ever seen.
If you listen to our podcasts in reverse, you'll hear us making fun of
trying to make it happen.lol how are u?
Running a couple errands with the 3 & 2 yr. old. Should be done by the end of the weekend ;)
That suspiciously sounds like the plot of Planet Hulk. We know how that ends. Metta World War...
You guys are both brilliant! ;>)
I kno this might seem stupid but it seems like u don't care bout us anymore....do u still love us??? O.o
yes it is
I would pick up this month's at the news stand before getting on this train home
Rough day and snow sure doesn't help. -BH
you know what? i hate people. that's it.
WE DISTANT LOVERS SO MANY MILES AWAY
There are only two options regarding commitment; you're either in or you're out. There's no such thing as life in-between. -Pat Riley
When darkness turns to light, it ends tonight. It ends tonight <3
Bought a used Olympus XA (camera) on Ebay. I love how small it is, and how capable, for the size.
Are you READY for Ryan McGarvey on July 9th! He's playing Jazz & Blues Under the Stars!
To each your own
Lmao sorry. No just one is for me :)
flatters! I did a little tweet stalking...you're going to work for FUNimation? I can vouch they're good people.
im so bored someone help me not be bored
me neither.
That is awesome. I'll spread the word.
After six years, I finally lanced the XML-based boil that is the Techcrunch RSS feed. Let's do this, !
love it! Sending the shout out back atcha! : go follow!
Take a second to follow our friends, , not only are they awesome musicians - but they are hot.
#FF #shoutout you are the most amazing person in Da World!!! :)))
I change my mind, now I'm #TeamAdam cuz I like Javier =)...plus sissy likes him too ;)
What did I miss today? Why does everyone care if the Yahoo CEO had a CS degree. I had forgotten yahoo was still around.
It's great to hear the President call France "America's Oldest Ally." Because they are.
Can anyone explain to me the logic behind not texting but having the time to tweet and facebook all night long?
#childhoodmemories LEFT, LEFT, LEFT, LEFT, LEFT, RIGHT, LEFT GET on UP, GET on UP, GET on UP, RIGHT, LEFT. -DRAMA
Chris- its really wet down here Me- that's what she said Mrs. Hann- what's your mom going say about that?! Hahaha
Dude, you barely own yourself.
acting Chief of Norfolk Police : "The streets of Norfolk are safe..."
#lights is where it's at.
awwh why not ?
oh. So midnight Friday night? Haha:)
2012 Resolution #3: Don't forget to thank your stars for serendipity. It's preciously underrated.
i need some advice on my situation
Now am I living to get paid? Just slaved for a wage all week
Without freedom of speech, I couldn't scream for ice cream
YES! MT : For fans heading to NH, City on the Hill Mitt wants USA 2 look like- it's called Boston.
I've officially fallen more in love with #80.. What a performance!
Slick pissed but can say shit about it.
now this what im talking about pull me ova search everything even though im legal what you want TOO chECK I AM A PEACEFUL PROJECT
Yayyy, tomorrow is Friday & PAYDAY! (:
Congratulations to James " Bones " Jones US Muay Thai Super Middle Weight Champ
Ramsay says need to build things to be in DH. In order to build things they build in DH, you need to know code.Thus, you must know some code
Should I get a wireless keyboard for my iPad2? Are they reliable? Any complaints?
Just found a flaw with Buffer, or with myself, whatever. Crap crap crap.
that initial feeling of. Getting buzzed is almost as good as the sexy sex...for realz
This is just not my week
Haha but they're at Barone's. Me gusta.
thanks :) ill follow back and welcome to the fam :)
help ALEX GET #ROCKSMYSOCKS TENDING <3
#FollowFriday greetings to locals
Asdfghjkl vinny liked my post on fb about coming to kansas city! Ah I hope he comes!!
haha I'm thinking it won't happen for a long time.
I have a date tomorrow!
you outside cunt monkey
NCAA, San Diego State Aztecs NFL San Diego Chargers. But I will also root for the Seahawks and Browns for some reason. You?
L.L Cool J, Mobb Deep, Biggie, E.B. & Rakim baby!
I WOULD BE IF I COULD FIND THE DAMN CHANNEL
may do cityside in Cleveland circle around 730? Before then, no plans! Come find me :))
Halftime at the Garden. 47-41 Boston. KG, Pierce all playing well....Rondo stepped up in the 2nd.
The fact that I have the same locker neighbor for the next 2 years <<<<<
hope to be in ur new music video! ;) I'm a big fan, and I take from Helen A!
Nicole C Mullen rocked the house for Jesus ...one thing she said that spoke tome "I want people to say because I know Jesus well I love
Uh, oh. I had one in that pile. Let me send again!
Detail of the day, from reviewing : ExxonMobil's Lee Raymond prefers "milk with popcorn in it" on the company jet
Hotel 23 just about rapped up
Thank you tropical starburst for once again disappointing me.
hello Mr. Robbins and friends, I would like to say hi and for you all to be good tweeters there in fiji. twitting love.
Mikey way
I am at the lighting part, wtf this is impossible.
I got 99 followers and a bitch ain't one.
Bring your girls! I'll have discount Lang items and Avon. Marked down a lot more. Think Mother's Day...or simply come to chat!
The Big Sleep tours with Maps and Atlases and Fang Island. Seattle date is June13th
lol.. Your New Video is Awesome! ;-) Sweet Song & You sound and Look Amazing as always...
im great, dear! I want to see your gorgeous face the next time im in Knox. :)
Fuck the #yankees!!!
Avengers is hands down the best Marvel movie ever made, absolutely epic!!
RT : Just got done chatting with Tim and Terry on - both of them have ridden #ReachTheBeach - yep...and loved it!!
My few experiments this afternoon were halting and largely unsuccessful.
Stop at nothing
That is beautiful-have fun!
Yeah, my last tweet was a effect of the fact that I'm gonna be in the hospital tonight and tomorrow. :P
are you leaving like now?
Laced up cuzz I gotta it runnin
Spinal cord, brain injuries discussed on #HealthyMatters 7:30 am Sunday call 651.989.9226 or text 81807 with your questions.
Mariners trying to give the game away in Cleveland.
Whn willow Smith whips her hair rapidly like that doesn't hurt her neck?? Like if I ever did tht ill break my fucking neck haha
what bitch! I ain't stoooooopid
Wow that is so beautiful! Thank you for that great quote!
It was boring. Especially after they made up w/ Snooki lol. I finally get a moment to rest this week and I get stuck with bad tv.
don't even have to peek at the answer; "Rushmore" a personal favorite.
lol yes. I kno you might not remember you werent in the best state of mind.
Happy Friday everyone! If you fear we'll run out of Carne Adovada before you can dine with us tonight, you can always call and reserve some!
break or brake
Stood in front of the mirror and was greeted by the image of success in the flesh.
wish you guys were coming back to STL soon! :( love the album though!!!
I want to write: "Black Box Tactics: The Liberatory Potential of Obscuring The Inner Workings of Technology"
“: With the 3rd pick in the 2012 NFL Draft, the Cleveland #Browns select RB Trent Richardson, Alabama! RT the news!” WELCOME!
No one feels sorry for you. Its actually kind of annoying.
I've got pictures of that on my iPhone I need pictures of me I was just letting you know the info
“: #Sagittarius may come off as being rude, but they're just being real with you...as usual.”
2 funerals and the flu - ready to get back to work!
Question: you're in a cab and the driver talks to himself and jerks violently. Do you gtfu or understand that he may just have Tourette's?
Made some lovely signs for my wind ensemble kids for state tomorrow.<3 they're going to be amazing!
Thanks for the shout out!
fletcher! OMG i havent talked to you in like 6 months
#HoodJesusMiracles having grape juice water foutains
Working on a new set today at the studio and shooting an ad for a local boutique.
Frndship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity
Happy 1 yr anniversary -#binladen is gone & the awesome abbotabad raid, Hurray
To whom it may concern..I did not purposely unfollowing u...my tweetcaster went bizirk! #nf everyone that was unfollowed back! Lol
S/o To Powder Puff Player
Thanks to and Steven Reigns for the poetry last night. You guys made Bradbury's poetry shine!
DUDE FAT ASS FUCK!!
Holy crap. w/ just made it 8-1 against arguably one of the best AL teams of 2012.
Confused on analogy of if Clinton = black pres then Obama = gay pres. Totally different. Shouldn't Lincoln or LBJ = black pres?
RT reasons I'm excited to go back to the USA: so I can exercise and control my diet and not feel like I'm having chest pain.
My family lived on food stamp allocation for 3 for a week. Hard, confirmed absolutely necessity to preserve this program.
Damn this Popsicle good<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Um say what?
I have less than 0 motivation today. It's unfortunate given I really need to get an IRB mod through so I can run a focus group soon. Meh.
We all keep dreaming, and luckily, dreams come true
Sunny days are speed bumps to productivity.
Come warm me up. :-)
Happy Greek Easter!!!
I eat a lot
Just dawned on me that I'm bedded next door to Ebony/Jet parent company's offices.
Yeah!! I heard it was GREAT!!! Good work you guys!!
you betcha! Just slow!!
Skeeball registration closes for Canton (Dark Horse Saloon) on Feb 1st and league play begins Feb 8th! ($2 pints and $7 pitchers of Miller)
I'm not in love, but the....
TWISTED FACT: Only 17% of Americans admit to sexting. I'm pretty sure someone's fibbin.
Kiss , Laugh , Dream <3
"now you're just somebody that I used to know"
Lots of interesting notes from librarians at SLA 2010 Annual Conference in New Orleans!
Deep Dive: brainstorm, don't be afraid to fail.
I hope things are going well for you.
A roller skating midget just emailed me on OK Cupid.
just started working out. Time to exercise...
Check out CFYJ's brand new blog!
Show Sunday night at the 7 venue in Douglasville, Ga! Come out and see us at 7pm!
i know. life's hard, kid.
drama and dramatic.That explains it right? LOL.All I can say though.Thanks
RT : and are doing promoted Tweets and really like it
sorry for not following you its that i have a following limit and i have to eait till people follow me back.
Try to find an exercise buddy. You have someone to keep feeling responsible to them.
Likewise. It'll be awesome.
thank ya kindly
Gillian Rodger: Americans co-opted, but were also co-opted by, Creole cultural practices in antebellum New Orleans.
" God will never put you through anything you can't handle." The deeper the soul the bigger the lessons!
bless up!
oh just Vivisimo's acquisition by IBM perhaps?
it looks really crisp n that's w/o photoshop. Combined all the media from the skate adventure today.
I know.Ur still getting chocolate :) How do u drive every wknd? This drive today seems SO long. Thnx for the tweet distractions!
Bout to go kick it with my Rock Steady peoples...
Happy New Year!!
YOU'RE A KID. YOU DO SCHOOL. Thats all.
hey call me when your free
#iwant new extensions..
Packing for Springfield Ohio and wondering do I bring shorts or jeans or both?
43 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
I cannot give you something so special and then just leave. I can't.
Life begins at the end of your comfort zone
I chose #musesleep too.
Watching Stephen King movies with my mother.
Glad you could make it and nice to meet you last night!
Book Idea: 50 Shades of Gray.
Nope, even tho he leaves his "bodily fluid" all over the city. RT: : spiderman would never do that in NY.
I wouldn't say that too loudly after last monday night's game.... #nfl #broncosstillsuck (And I don't like the chiefs either.)
A2: In your closing, without being too abrupt, politely offer your business card.
As long as you don't call me Bossy. Kekeke.
It's the last day of our April Build Week! Check our FB page this afternoon for the final pics of what we've accomplished this week!
lounging around like always.
FML... yesterday was one of the worst days I've had in years
there used to be nights where i would lay awake, thinking about if i got the chance to be with you, how i'd feel so great. i miss that shit.
would someone mind posting the latest post to the cauldron facebook page? i would do it, but then my identity would be revealed.
I'm after love that lasts, not more religion. - God
grounded or?...
Headache = DISLIKE
"Team take ya bitch
Farm fresh eggs, homemade jellies, whimsical woodcrafts and now LOCAL WINE! Yup, we've got it !
I never thought i'd see an end in sight
Not surprised to hear baby boomers talking about health care and future of social security.
H.E Ambassador Apakan reconfirms Turkeys commitment to hosting HABITAT I in Istanbul
Nap. Studying more anatomy. Nap. Studying
Thanks for the bday wishes!!
thank you to for my friend's shoutout she died when she saw it!! :):)
Thanks for the shout outs and for checking out my work!
RT Sometimes college grad students need extra money, maybe can find to edit for reasonable fee after you've tried free help
I'm pretty sure you meant to say "delicious and brilliant" back there.
Barracuda Tavern for lunch on this dreary Friday...lunch beer?
Working on the FAIR Health Plan this evening.
Back to Flint today! Not happy about it but five more weeks and I'll be done for good!
“: we're gonna claim them as our own: They're too far-out good for D-town.” Warm fuzzies.
RT #FF for doing the right thing.
bitch im thowed
oh really hate you and your pics recently haha
Beats watchin this Rangers
Toyota Makes Service Plans Standard
Hello this is Cheri Gmiter Are you talking about the website? We have updated the agency list but if your talking about website - i need ...
Having that exact moment. Time to log off...
Okay, enough retweeting new clients for now. It is exciting to see so many events join the TRS family!
haha yes. Richey cant control us.
keeping the victims of today's school shooting in ohio in our prayers this morning
yes im so scared
Green is good. RT Just saw a hybrid cab... I dig that heavily.
"As a standard, ONIX is significantly forked" Yes -- he meant forked ;-)
You do know that Field House is half the size of Rupp which makes it louder by design
They say you never forget the first homeless man you stab with a shank in a dark alley.
You are so beautiful
lmaoo!! It's gonna b CRAY!! Yea ik it's coming up! Def keep me posted if its like a guys and girls thing when u go out!
Deer Tick played a cover of "Fight For Your Right" tonight and that's fine by me.
Is this hotel pager friendly? ;)
I wonder if the broccoli industry is upset that they've been dragged into the health care fight?
Happy to be hanging with
How did I get a sun burn in march?
Watching Jonah Hill getting a parking ticket is
#cara student Pamela P. secured a position at Women's Treatment Center as a Case Aid!! 59 of 310!!!
Last shot on goal wins tonight!
i heart music as prophecy and that song was prophetic!
Family of missing Austin mom, Julie Ann Gonzalez, wants to see her 4 yr old daughter more. Judge says they have to stop harassing.
something different. Figured why not. Got you to click it ;)
Dwight Jones to #Texans. tremendous free agent pickup.
I really want to drive the Yungas Death Road in Bolivia, but I think that's probably a bad idea.
It's Show Time!!! Good luck Ya'all! Get that Beer on ice & Tater Chips ready to much!
Morgan- clutch beast!
Gum: I like to chew it-chew it
Ugh #teamnosleep = team not working out.... Haha <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
On rainy days, people smell like wet dog. -_-
you're welcome! :)
some people are just ignorant luv!!
getting so sick of this..
Don't just refine the solution, refine the problem. Design thinking bumper sticker
Send us a pic/update as the epicness unfolds!! #soFresh :
Library robot tour this Thursday (and every 3rd Thursday) at 3:00. RooBot tours convene at 1st floor service desk, Miller Nichols Library
angle was just to cute
OMG, that's excelente!!! You're on fire w/Zumba! #shakeshakeshake RT : How are you!! Headed to Zumba shortly - 6th class this wk!!!
Thanks for your great ideas! MT: Really productive and engaging first DLF Advis Mtg today. Excited about where community is going!
I got a dime bitch and a Nina, They both get you wet like Aquafina<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
sitting right below you at the game. Huge fan. Would love an autograph or to meet you and Golic. Go tribe
If u think a pool filled with caramel's not as good as chocolate filled with caramel, you've been inviting the wrong people to your parties.
I love Katy Perry, for real..songs are amazing
only the fan club can enter the contest to make it fair.
Havent tweeted for awhile so hello :)
game night is a must! Let's show & how it's done!
while re-organizing my closet, I realized how similar it is to a garage sale/Goodwill/choir costume holder.
: hahahahaha you have paws " its a barn yard" hahahaga retard
“: Former Cowboys cornerback Terrance Newman officially has agreed to terms with the Bengals.”--sorry bengals fans
Hello, Albuquerque! This weekend is our biggest and best art show, the Weems Artfest, 25th Anniv., honoring artist Betty Sabo. Be there!
Thanks for the #FF, Stephanie!! Excited about Legends game? I "liked" your FB page!! Good stuff!
1 sheep 2 sheep 3 sheep almost time to wake up
Like a seed in a garden with rite conditions life grows! Let you idea grow in ur garden of dreams! Summer is here, make it happen!!!
Y O L O - You Obviously Love Oreos.
Nice to see my guys fighting. Go Bulls. BULLieve.
Up with cat and drawing
Yes, we're excited for Max's return to our weekly TV lineup. :)
But.... I thought you guys were already dating O_o
Life isn't about the number of breaths we take, but the moments that take our breath away.~Anonymous
I'm so excited for you
for sure guilty loom upon his face
I bought a great book on Positive Productivity, about how to be more efficient... just haven't found the time to read it!
Pretty good considering what team we're working with! We'll have it all ready for you mid next week for sure.
I couldn't eat any cookies...they were for his and Gio's teachers. :(
All Time Low was awesome last night!!!!
SUPER FAR <U+2708> lololol
Yea! A.I. practice haha RT : you talking bout practice? PRACTICE?!
TWINS GAME TODAY<3
Enjoying a nice indian meal followed by a Thai massage in LA... and then bed. Tomorrow 1k HORSE at the bike!!!
when we die
Mark Cuban says he plans to bid on Dodgers
Our volleyball team is busy warming up for tonight's game. Mostly by thinking about the chicken wings we'll get to eat beforehand.
trevaris has my headphones so im just sitting here w. shit to do besides tweet.
Left is Right | How FBI Entrapment Is Inventing 'Terrorists' - and Letting Bad Guys Off the Hook - Rolling Stone
please people. I often find myself changing my personality to match those around me.
Senator Bill Nelson is a Democrat from Florida who just voted against a public option. He is up for reelection in 2012.
If I told you I showered in it, it would not be close to a lie.
#GH, hear me out. I NEVER want Liz and Lucky together AGAIN. Do not give me that crap!
let people know about my twitcam that will be on friday I am gonna perform my song I wrote for ariana
#NeverTurstAGuy who says you can trust them.. boy please..
Plus this person is late to everything, I'm done with it.
(John W. Raper) Hit the ball over the fence and you can take your time going around the bases.
thanks, I will check it out!
I put you down on the referral card. You might get a discount for it. lol
I'm sure it's been talked about but 6th-round pick WR Tommy Streeter did leave rookie camp early with a stomach bug.
loved the interview #CKinterview, thanx for introducing tweetchat! Btw- how did you design your twitter background?
agreed! Once I finish my capstone writing and other course work I am going to write a series of posts about my experience.
First comes a thought, then it becomes your energy....make sure it's a good one.
THANKS SWEETIE!
Peach or Red Berry? hm
TMZ is what had made stupid morans like the Kardashians and Hiltons role models in this frail society...
thx pencil lead is simpler to find!
#HappyHour every week night from 3 to 6 pm, with great drink, wine, beer and appetizer specials!
Today in 1982 the #Yankees #homeopener was snowed out by a blizzard that dumped nearly 10 inches of
We are celebrating Malasada Day with some extra sweet treats. How are you celebrating?
AFPW MONSTER GAINER FOR TUESDAY THE 17TH~START YOUR DD OR PLAY THE MOMO AFPW $$$$$
"Cyberspace" is a layer tightly integrated all around us, including ambient devices
Cats was the original death of musical theatre. I don't talk to ANY of those CTI peeps. Sad.
Hope he gets you around safely! It's a sure thing you'll have fun with a Valentino, esp combined with wine and a smile like his!
I'm off the wagon. Shots in the DJ booth w/ and at LEGGO!
Cafe Centraal for some late lunch!
Did you know many times suicide cleanup is covered by renters/homeowners insurance? Cleanup after a homicide may be covered by the State.
Just lying low - some hawks have been swooping down in park lately... but they seem to have flown off.
Can I just sleep all my problems away?
RT : A Girl came up to me on campus and said "I have a turbo kick crush on u!" you KNOW that made my day.
all I said was I want DQ which we aren't even getting so THERE
Hi Eden. I hope all is well. We like Austin, but we also miss Madison... Please send PDM my warm wishes. I miss working with him.
Breakfeast With Santa! With my girlss(:
Wish I could say my absence yesterday was a #SOPA protest, but alas, it was only trying to analyze #Eliot's The Waste Land.
we were jazzed about our new QR code! see it on facebook- we are always looking for creative designswww.bookkeepergirl.com
It's so nice in Pdx! I sure can get use to this.
A Lie Truer Than Truth
Met made my day, no my year! thnx for making this the best day ever!
i was about to say! who gonna pay child support? RT : “: quit ?” -- lol nah. I just got off. ??
It's open! Soupregirl and it's so good! 314 Carroll Street, NW – right next to Mayorga Coffee. The soup is the BOMB!!
That's not acceptable<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
No letting go no holding back because you are my lady when I'm with you its all I've got
Attention James Taylor ticket holders! Next Tuesday JT will take the stage PROMPTLY AT 8 PM. No opening act but there will be intermission.
Well fuck you to then ya
RT Replace textbooks and aggregate materials so students don't have to bare the cost.
Going to #McDonalds for a salad is like asking a hooker for a hug.
Green Gardens is workin with some legit OG's, gonna hit this Abusive OG, get super irie and crash out!!!
hm...THAT looks like something I need to check out!
We should just hang out by ourselves! PARTY
Trying to finish up my latest interactive web instrument in flash. I think it's going to be pretty cool.
I know were all one, but Bridezillas on WE is really pushing the limits of my compassion for others.
I'm so ready to for it to be Friday!!
It's sad how the people you were once so close with can become just another stranger you don't know.
ohh gotcha, well I also just ate!!
Come on Harden you have to throw that down. Don't second guess it, whew.
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>thats what i feel about dunk results
"Success tempts many to their ruin." ~ Phaedrus Phaedrus
There are two primary choices in life : to accept conditions as they exist or accept the responsibility for changing them.
On pizza? “: Captain Crunch dipped in chocolate is something everyone should try! #foodiechats Yum!!”
I guess you could say Indie Pop, you can dance to it, but its not to dancey, great for summer/good year round, no cheese.
You'd think they'd learn BUT THEY DON'T RT Watching Death Wish. Charles Bronson cannot go five minutes without getting mugged.
CRASH UPDATE: Only the right lane is closed now on I-405 north @ 4th, traffic still backed up to Terwilliger on I-5
baby birds.
I love to sleep. It's hard to make mistakes while you're asleep.
My house is half the size of Emily's and I'm way older than she is.
Texas is getting sloppy and we're capitalizing.
what's good with cha?
The creative adult is the child who survived. - U. LeGuin via
RT : It's only a matter of time ...
Women, Vaginas and Blood: Breaking menstrual taboos with artist Sarah Maple - The Independent (blog)
You know what? I may go see #TheHungerGames again today!
Got a feeling Prince fielder gonna do damage in Detroit!!!
so....you are saying what? That BSU should only have been penalized for the cost of three class credits? Don't think so
Why the heck do I feel so lonely today?
A corporation's primary goal is to make money. Government's first role is to take a big portion of that money and give it to others.
stepped up big time tonight against the big three 3 of Boston! Huge win
guys I'm an expert at the dougie. LOL JK.
Our reporter is at Terminal 2- he says they are letting people back in. listen for updates at 7:09
All thesse boys•
um yeah I made the connection eventually. Great group.
That guy was really good at popping -- I was watching him 15 minutes ago.
Make sure you send in some pics of your own to :)
I see'em now.
You the man Herm!!!
I originally thought it was a musician, and the pics on the side were album covers.
Jerry and the entire organization owe the fans an apology for their miserable season.
We like the sound of #ManningtoMiami a little better ;)
RT: I can't BELIEVE NV has become such a political hot spot. If Sharon Angle wins, NV is officially the Mississippi of the West.
...9 days until Lisa's story airs....May 7 CBS 48 Hrs Mystery! Set your DVR's now!
Playing a short set tonight at The Hotel Indigo West End at 9! Would love to see some of you there!
I love all my followers(:
"I don't live with my mama, I'm just house sitting n her basement." THE CHRONICLES OF POOKIE OBAMA (every family has one)
I'm not demanding but #Ijs I got some meat on me, you need some muscle on you! When I throw it back you need to catch it not fall
Wife has declared she will punch the next person who correctly pronounces "Bon Iver" in conversation.Want to take her to a party in Brooklyn
is looking forward to truckin' Kosher on Manhattan's Upper West Side.
About to pay the cabbie with credit
How is the beautiful doing?
Its so annoying that this happened. Everyone was so pumped :(
Thanks for sharing the article by !
Race day only... RT : Do they set off that bomb/wake up device every morning at IMS or just race day?
- Thinking bout how dis summer gone go !!!!
Thanks for the heads up! I'll put it in our calendar though I can't guarantee coverage. Good luck with it all.
who won?
Hey that was me textin you from his phone.
Tryin out the new facebook fan page upgrade. New album and shows coming soon...
Thanks Courtney :) Glad ya think so!
Knock knock...
Agreed. But, how has your routine changed over the last 6-12mos? I feel like I am constantly testing new socnets.
Can't believe tomorrow is the last day of school. Gonna miss my students. Sad to see seniors leave.
Held a baby by it's feet today. Asked his mom if that's how you do it? I guess not.
Congrats for winning the Iowa 250 and getting second career victory
Steve Jobs core philosophy: simplify everything
all my life I prayed for someone like you <3
So long #c4l12 the free Seattle Airport wifi is softening the blow of saying good bye!
yall can tell when I'm going thru music emails because I be going off about who sounds like what and when this then that in music
thanks for the follow back!
#thoughtsduringschool Chris drew is such a cool guy, ew my ex, that teacher looks fat today, and another ex who hates me, GET ME OUT
WE HAVE REPORTS THAT THE #SYMBOL OF THE R.O.C is a Satanic Organization. ITS A
Yesterday, grandpa asked if Al Gore was dead and if Charlton Heston was still alive.
I'm up and thirsty I want ice water
Yeah buddy!
WATCH News tomorrow morning at 8:30 for an update on the Rock Church SUPERHERO Food Drive.
follow back
Getting 2 shots in the face isn't fun. #ow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
oh yeah I saw!! Congrats! Hahaha(:
Packers win baby!!
thanks for the follow. Check out our tunes! W.youtube .com/atlonglastbandokc some of our opens for Greyson on there too!
all the wonderful stuff is about you, you should know that by now. Can't see my tweets so don't know what you r referring to
Happy 4th from Adara! Hope your body's beach ready!
I can't sleep at all!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: A protective order is available if the family member or date is violent or threatening violence.
i gotta pet thaa kitty ' before i get ready for work! she just keeps purring! <U+30C4>
It's so early but I'm so tired<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>.
nah you hate me, it's cool, I understand :p
Thanks!! Love the souvenir!! I will see you, your #venti and later!!
I wanna wear a dress tomorrow but im afraid people will think i've been abused
be ready cos you know how I do!!! When you coming?
I see what this nigga mean
I'm gonna need you to dye my hair soon... These grays are killing me :/
Thank you for the RT, too!
Good morning. Another day beginning. It still hurts but i guess wat don't kill u makes u stronger. Plannin another trip
Laine looks to Nashville after 'Idol' - Chicago Tribune
such a phenomenal episode brilliant brilliant season finale
Good Morning!:)
#acqhack check out and article in - interest graph targeting
me too
we miss you to!
and I think he has a creepy face
Join Lludmila at the Pub to discuss Tom Franklin's Crooked Letter, Crooked Letter, 11 am today. There's an evening discussion Tues at 5pm.
Feels good to be a Duck when you have the best coach in college football #goducks thank you Chip! its not the real chp butfucit.
I don't like him, but I do respect his work ethic.
I assure you I have no idea what you're talking about.
"Children's #books are written for upbringing, upbringing decides the fate of the human being." - Vissarion Grigor'evich Belinskii
": yea ight" play me in 2k.so I can beat u.
. Try North Station (Greatest Bar) or Faneuil Hall, should be people watching Celtics. North End & Newbury St.R good for dinner
I miss my friend today!!!!! She's the best:)!
": Matt kemp Chris brown Darren McFadden & his gf.." N imma add jay-z off a hunch thats 5... not enough to b a hoe
Thanks so much for following! :) A world traveler and foodie? I think I'll be checking your tweets regularly!!
& your opinion on constitution trumps SC? That's exactly y ppl have no faith in Govt.
shit i forgot how hot it can be on 40 smh please lil cloud make it over the hot sun so i can have a cooler day <3
Im bout to take a bite of your sandwich sugababy >:)
I'll bring all the strippers and the boose to you! (; haha
there are some very interesting people in this world
I love Cee Lo and his wigs
it's all good my bad for liking it haa
I always try to see things from anothers point of view so their actions wont piss me off as much.
Everybody Got The Album huh That's What Up Right Now Im Gone Get That Bitch 2 I Got U Baby!!!!!.Fa'Shoooooooooooooo
“ Man , Im Proud Of How The Lakers Playinn Tonight . #LakersNation .”
very interesting program. Sounds fun.
“: "I see you mamii"” shaking that thang <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
MT : How about this one? "Both Barrels" by Lem Winchester (1960). >A swingin' date, but sad, ironic title given how Lem died.
: RT "..10 pm tnight. Want to eat @ a bar, or have sushi."
These animal crackers are bullshit, this elephant tastes exactly like the giraffe did.
yea where the Hell was that all season?
Haha incredibly small sample size, just giving you a hard time. The season is young!
So how does this sticker upgrade thing really work? When does that X bucket get released? Tell me your secrets...
Oh how sweet! This seriously was a random thing I started, and I am so overwhelmed by the interest!
Why can't people just be friendly with one another?
and if you've snuck into her apartment or not.
yes, yes it is!
and that will be a porn stars name
not had a good day :( how was yours?
Ancient lovers believed that a kiss would unite their souls because the spirit was said to carried on one's breath.
Listen to a mix from a past Soulful Thursday and join us tonight! Soulful Thursday 11.3.11
“If ya'll can't already see I ain't worried about ya'll cause I'm already me”
I've been trying to get on the show to talk about collaborating with Ray Lewis. Can anyone help me here?
I did what now?
omg, nick. are you TWEETING while driving, too? we need to have an
July 2nd. Please hurry and get hurrr :)
My facorite day of the year.
IOWA VOTE RON PAUL!
we tweeted a list of locations this a.m., but yes, I agree.
Am representing my protester tomorrow. Trying to get into the cops' personnel files.
I'll be there next Friday yes.
I'm ashamed of what I did for a Klondike bar last night.
when you're in class and all you can think about is what would happen if Austin walked through the door.
yep I am here
retweet if your in a relationship that he/she is the only one keeping you alive. that you would kill for having every second with them.
I laugh every time I read this.
what up
I saw it! Unless I'm hallucinating. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> Tell me if you see this tweet. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
music videos
hey i just met you.. and this is crazy.. but heres my number, so call me maybe?
Predicting it will! Happy Birthday, Bora, thanks for bringing about so much high-quality life-enhancing science blogging
Reggie loses his Heisman...aims for a second Superbowl Ring. They really need to re-evaluate some people that still have theirs.
Man no lie, i consider myself a really good friend...I always go outta my way & do the best I can for them.
Looking for a full time account manager position in Chicago..... :)
I was thinking about it
Today's NY Times crossword had me scared silly at first, but I got over it by getting under it.
"Dwightmare?" Fine. I'm open to any scandal name that doesn't have "gate" in it. I also celebrate "Scandal's" entire collection.
Wow, grow up.
Laundromat...surprisingly active at 4 AM.
Love that doc.!!
hm if thats what u want (;
Loving Jeff Hamilton's drumming at this very early hour. Oh, and a skinny vanilla latte. Good morning.
lolol she not going to let no rock cry out in her place
RT : Sequences matter when persuading people to implement major behavior changes
Oi! Austin! I'm still here... and I'm playing another show at the Tiniest Bar in Texas tonight at 11:45 pm. 817 W. 5th st. free show!
OMG, the DH & I are gorging on Chinese food by candlelight (tho power is back on), & Lily Marie giggles over PB&J! don't tell the PRC on us
Who has PhotoShop CS5? Yeah, that would be me. Thank you, Roger! <3
7 exams left for this school year.
I was in my early twenties myself so there's nothing wrong with waiting.
Ans: 29 Japanese planes were shot down by American forces during the 1941 attack on
If your life were a movie - you were the director and the star Text You of the day: " I would be a __________ instead"
Changed your mind on an Instagram account? Nothing there :-/
(John Ruskin) The highest reward for a person’s toil is not what they get for it, but what they become by it.
tbh i got just a few (: xx
Hopefully I will dream good tonight:)
Nash's defense was also far from stellar. I'll take the player who dominated both sides of the ball.
You see this scar here on my chest...
Just found out that my #Swiffer cowgirl costume has been nominated for a guild award!! Yeehaw!
30-packs of Bud, Coors, or Miller only $19.99! Or Bud, Coors, AND Miller...you might as well offer a variety. $19.99 a 30 pack!
I have some done, but I haven't typed them out. I will later so its fresh in my mind.
Looking at your phone every five seconds waiting for that text that's never gonna come in..
the one to the left
Wednesday night rendezvous with my betches
HEY CAN YU PLEASE FOLLOW AND TELL HER I SENT YU! SHE OPENED FOR CODY IN NOV 2011!
lol if that's what Denzel is, then hell yea!!
<<< Go so hard that my heart skip a beat THAT'S SOME REAL SHIT HMMP!
LOL! CP3 can drop 25 a night too but hes more of a floor general. He turns it on in the 4th. Its like 1 and 1a honestly
Deeply saddened to hear former Senator Carlos F. Truan has passed. He was trailblazer, fighter for most vulnerable, true gentleman.
No! Dont come here
It looks like it was made WITH Hands. Skin from hands. Super ugly.
Just booked a role in a feature! woot Woot! Shooting tomorrow!! must go to sleep now!
Check out the Pure Sports website. Coming soon: Pure Sports promotional video and updated programs. www.puresportsgroup.com
Nobody makes receding hairlines of NBA players look less receding than NBA Cares commercials.
Mirage jones!?
Yupp I'm ready to get out of Avon :D
The Pastoral Artisan Producer Festival may be over, but we still have wonderful vendors with delicious items here
This is the first Saturday in 7 weeks that I'm not going to Rage. We need a weekend off to forget that scene, and then next weekend, BOOM!
the guy wastes no time.
turn your phone on silent sleeping beauty ;)) or if it's someone in person, that's a different story lol
And... who lives in the DC area that wants to come to a Trivium Proportion book release party!?
Does anyone know people who live in Long Beach ? :D
oh nice!
just watched vampire diaries and sobbed like a baby. that show always makes me cry... i'm glad alaric isn't gone! but holy smokes look out!
We'll get it done! See you soon!
Happy Friday! Open up at 4 PM and we'll be open full time from here on out! SMILE BIG!
Came down stairs and saw some dark muffins on the stove, mind went straight to high fiber knowing my mom but NOPE THEY CHOCOLATE
haha will do bro. Not lookin forward to this shot.
We want this Carnival to happen. I have been talking with the Mayor about how we can make it happen.
Hopefully she one day there will be a definite cure for cancer. I lost family members to breast cancer. God give those survivers strength.
love the gallery. I feel the kitty love :)
No Mom, It doesnt matter whether I go to bed @ 9:00 pm Or 2:00 am When I wake up for school early tomorrow morning I'll be tired either way
That is great - congrats!
Overheard conversation on walk in River North: Guy, "Wanna go to Hooter's?" Girl, " Ewww, no, eww gross." That's all I heard.
Lol of course ! :)
I'm a nobody, nobody is perfect, therefore I'm perfect.
I want to try the Turtle Club. Have heard good things.
hahah we flock together! as well as the #ECHO, #iShouldGo, and #ThisWomanswork . :)
her happy word is sprinkles lls.
Awesome, the Nuggets are right back in it!
Weve won the last the Fridays :) we are now the Wingos RT : I gotta get out there! How u all do?
i have no clue we didnt come to play #Smh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
We are answering questions now from last week's twitter chat. Thanks to everyone who participated
I'm sore <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> I won't be able to dance today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> no voy a poder mover el boteee <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
GO FOLLOW HELP HER REACH HER GOAL 120K!!!!
Join us tonight for Jim Ivins Band Cd Release w/The Sky, Juniper Green, Billy The Kid & The Southside Boys Music starts at 7:30 $12.00
"It Had to Be You" the popular 1924 American Songbook song performed here by Betty Hutton. bit.ly/zp4xLk fb.me/1zcGyDTKf
What you don't need is just as important as what you do need. (Romare Bearden) We need Aljira in Newark
CHECK THIS OUT ZSWAGGERS MY BACKGROUND IS THE BOMB!!
Twitter.Tumblr.Facebook.Youtube.Keek. = MY.LIFE.
ur latest youtube is hilarious lolololol!!!
I'm fucking loving the refs right now lol
Thanks, Ryan! RT : Happy Birthday !
My favorite part about having an 11/16 birthday is knowing that Valentine's Day & my Dad's birthday, 2/15, are exactly 9 months earlier.
Cold air good for the ol lungs. Hot yoga tomorrow!
I had all four wisdom teeth removal at one time and was just numbed up... Saw and hear everything!!!!!
Need to get help early and often. Asking for help isn't bad and needs to occur for ensure success.
the adidas store was playing a new song of yours...lighter than air?
My friends should be concerned when I'm listening to Spanish sad songs. Shit just got real.
<will do
I just farted ;) don't tell anyone
yea that woulda been nice. Maybe a 2hr show on a diff channel cuz it seems like every show is a "reality drama" on discover
I love me some right bout now...
i remember that day
Exhibit 2 RT : ward your a nigger and should not be playing hockey! fucking queer
*church hand wave* Yassss
Thought only black people had problems shid white.people.sun serious
“ “ I think its pretty much impossible, to forget someone who was once the only reason you smiled.””
Finally, stopped by Dunkin Donuts for a special Mother's Day breakfast. MISSION ACCOMPLISHED.
nono, thank you!
The new SSL certificate is now installed. That took way too long. Our apologies.
Well, I got the spelling corrected on the page, thank you, but can't change the webaddress, but that is ok, I guess.
Thanks, Cortney! :D
holy crap that's awesome!
The panel ladies should not have worn makeup at this conference. Lights + big screen...looks like they fried bacon on their faces.
Just Ate Taco Bell (:
Clothing manufacturers. County assessors. Coroners. Let me just say that in perusing the records for historical interest, coroners win.
So much to do btwn today and Sunday FUCK
Nothing can work me damage except myself. -St. Bernard
Hey Jacob!!
Fact: Only 3 percent of mammals form pair bonds.
gumbys pepperoni rolls and pizza fries.... holy wow... just like i remember..so fuckn good... the best
Watching TV till I fall asleep... #Goodnight Twitter World.
He tried to force it..
I'm at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport (PHX) <U+2708> (3400 E Sky Harbor Blvd, btw S 24th & S 44th, Phoenix) w/ 21 others
Please Follow Me! That's All I Think About Everyday And Everynight!<3 Please!
I have to be up in 2 hours to go home and study for a final that's at 10. Procrastination may win this one! :/
. Awesome! If you ever need any assistance let us know here, at or give us a call.
Michael Ian Black the comic responded to my tweet, I know you will too!!!
sounds like it's going to be an early night.
that's why u up
The Tipping Point. Kind of embarrassed because I should have read it by now.
yes! New relationships kill my productivity. I just wanna giggle all day.
Two days left for your state inspection! Check the date 2/12.
R u serious what low life got his phone jus ignorant makin Memphis look bad
wings fan here..I always boo'd Fedorov..did lots for us but money chaser like Jagr..hate the Pens but I get yall
whittled down my approach to animating these pseudo-emotion-ontologies: one of these super cool js libraries is bound to work
I gotsa go to sleep. I have to take my son to school in the morning. ttyl : )
that's tough, because I rarely feel guilty about my film pleasures. While You Were Sleeping is one i'll watch in its entirety...
: " definitely looking forward to spotting the big hairy guy" — I see you've met my mother-in-law ;-)
best of luck Blake
Source: Tim Tebow's rib was injured after God took it out to make a woman.
thanks again
I'M FOLLOWING EVERYONE THAT FOLLOW!!!! ON YOUR MARK GET SET GO
hey boy! i havent talked to you in forever.
I never get tired of Eurotrip.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!~~
I slept on my shoulder wrong. Good going Jasmine.
haha just left. Attended many marketing sessions. OMW back to Chicago now. Thx for the hospitality.
Really need the Knicks to pull this win off tonight ......
Meet the winner of our Expert Gardening contest - Vancouver Sun (blog)
I'm glad I could count on you, Sam!
RT : Lovemaking is one of the best ideas Satan put in the apple he gave Eve. Best idea in that apple, though, is making jazz.
GO RACHEL.
leslieR: Power flicker in MSY. Sire hope I get home today. #sla2010. Big storm has knocked out tv satelite
you're an awsome little guy! best wishes!
: Well thank you :D
good morning to you too !
as always thanx for RT Aris! Hope you had a wonderful Easter! Blessins!
clever...but what kind of fish would you have?
no worries! Just thought I'd ask :)
your feet aren't squared enuf and u need to put more arc on the ball-- Fellow sg
Come check out the Party Bus at the KJ103 Jingle Jam, which will be headed to Club Albee after the concert!
i'm a little drunk on you & high on summertimee.
Hello...follow three great up and coming artist. Thanks!
Thanks David! That is so kind. xx
Thanks buddy!
Bibi likes this. :)
Hi Rob - How are things?
u wanna know what i remember?! asking u to stop tweeting depressing shxt abt us! y i gotta wake up every fckn morning seeing shxt like that?
no i real bad cramps and i'm in school this is some bullshit
bahh. my netflix is acting all jank. i just want to watch this shitty film. jeez.
Went to church now to work ! Have a Blessed day I WILL ! ;-)
Count of Monte Cristo one of my true favorites. Which movie version?
START YOUR ENGINES!!!! BOOGITY BOOGITY BOOGITY!!!! LETS GO RACING BOYS!! :-)
Talk to me when you hit 4 digits
mixing the green hornet and the purple kush for some afternoon delight
Ahem. Good morning. Coffee, please.
Roses and dropmore scarlet honeysuckle have been weeded and pruned, and my blue clematis vine is NOT dead! Gonna be gorgeous this spring!
i'm at a payphone trying to call home. all of my change I spent on you
I'm functioning pretty well. Today's pedi may knock me out though!
oh haven't heard that one before
Try keeping a food journal! Write down what you eat and how you felt afterward. You'll think more about what you eat and reduce overeating.
How about his singing?
now that I crossed the 28 barrier, where do I sign up and when do WE start!
Does anyone have suggestions for casting workshops or actors workshops? Please let me know!
I've seen the error 4 times in the past 24ish hours, and I haven't even been online that much. "Sid Viscous" is funny and all...
Can't do mornings without my Double Espresso :-)
ABP is a great place to work!
Ted Lilly, you are amazing...but what else is new?
teleporting would be so useful! I totally agree.
#LiteraryEvent 4/30 7p at Cedar Hills: Author #reading “Red, White & Blood” #vampire #thriller (free)
Mom and dad tried to world.
I think, her hair is the BEST HAIR IN THE WORLD! BLOND BEAUTIFUL HAIR! She's estroverted and so pretty!
I better see #OOMF at the party tomorrow lol
See all of you who RSVP'd tonight with the Lawyers Project for an exclusive Glenfiddich Tasting benefiting VFC! Can't wait!
“It’s The Umbrellas…” What makes Casa de Pico unique and the best mexican restaurant in La Mesa...www.casadepicoblog.com
none of my hw will ever get finished if I was still working out here with that ho bag in Monterey.
29% of americans consider themselves not aligned with any particular political party.
players feel "betrayed"? Have you read their twitter feeds? Overwhelmingly positive. Does fact checking no longer apply?
Make sure you have insurance for all your summer toys! Give us a call at 317-558-7500 to speak to an agent today.
Congrats DATA finalists!
i have a reason
Thanks! I am too :)
I assume not
Can't control myself
New data.gov will expose data (not just metadata): tables, live filters, data visualizations, dynamic serialization, apis
We have a new location in the works for next year, still a secret until it is finalized! We are excited about it.
Not going to sleep tonight.. Ah.
Thanks bunchies dude! :)
Is it a sign of the apocalypse?
I Love This Chick to Death Shes Amazing Gorqeous Beautiful Pretty Sexy & Funny <3 i Love Yhu Mama's Yhur Amazing <3
time off .... aaaahhhhhhhhh
#RIPBoyBelieberJamie my thoughts go to his family & friends.
yes he is, my case getting dismissed 2day!!!!!
That's cuz all followers of darkbutt are... RT : Lmao yall just assume that I'm in interracial relationships.
WHERE YOU BEEN AT?
BatteryPower has had one of its best ever weeks! Thanks to all those who have helped spread the word!
Thankful for another day! also like to give a shout to my man for his team making the regional final. 1 more to Rupp!
Twitter is typically a solid barometer...but I still can't get a good read on Eli's performance on SNL. Some say awful, others say he shined
I bet you are wrong...again.
Happy St. Patty's day!! Def wearing my green for the shows today. See you
Scott Dineen, Optical Society of America next up #nfais #erodingsubmodel. Optics more than just "seeing"
Local news has hit a wall—perhaps they can look to the Eskimos (Inuits) who have many ways to describe the snow experience.
we all love you because all u need is love.
RT : catch 22 for startups, cant get an investor without a patent but dont have the resources and capital to file it yet
Yass!!!!! RT : Let music be the medicine and dance be the cure!
mint chocolate chip ice cream...
Ready for the match this Sunday. Glory Glory Man United!!!!
I made svele & vafler for my women-in-business group tonight. Fun! Tasty, too! ;)
“ Two stores carrying my jewelry because of the event -- can't ask for more!”
It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believed in myself. -Muhammed Ali
yeah man!
I'm from Willoughby, OH!
europe for the night
Thanks so much for the follow, we really appreciate it! Have a good one!
This is a cool and convenient RFID Facebook implementation!
Updated Enhanced Income Strategy For Comcast - Seeking Alpha
Dont ever compare yourself to Jordan again you playoff throwing fuck.
thank you! We're doing safe and sound this week. :)
#NowFollowing at the behest (what a great word!) of
Anyone in the Chicago area have recommendations for shows? We're looking for something fun, like Teatro ZinZanni ()
aww dang it!
its like Joe Biden talking about politics...they really have no idea what they are talking about.
He got it from his daddy. (Passover involves blood and several other nasty plagues).
Last Camel is one of my favorite Amelia books, but might need too much backstory for new readers?
riding to work on a llama would be sweet.
AP) -- Son: Gospel singer Marvin Winans to give NJ eulogy for pop star Whitney Houston
I dont want to take that class anymore, just not going this morning!
thank you! one of our favorites!
I love you. <3
I'd rather have 100 people fear me than 100 people love me
We should know in the next few minutes if #Huguely jury is close to reaching a verdict.
May is tornado month. That also works in financial markets, too.
Good Morning! An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision. -James Whistler
National Taco Day and National Vodka Day
beach weekend was cold, windy and rainy, but it was great to get outta the district :-) how was NYC?
I could fall asleep in those eyes like a waterbed.
Love meAn a lot When u really got feelings...#Jus thinking
Just because you can match your clothes with your shoes that doesn't mean you have SWAGG!!!!
hey I'm stuck at work...they don't have a webcam here...may have to reschedule but may be able to get to one by 530 5/45
especially after 2 hours in the gym.
sri project
watching 'money from strangers' for the first time. hilarious.
you fuckin’ poser. I liked , back in the day, before he was even Mr. Larry Johnson. Ain’t so funny meow, is it?
": God is perfect & he made time. So His timing is perfect. Wait on Him."
I'm sure the MSU fans will come to hassel us :)
Today is Friday 13 and I feel lucky.
it is, but all this stuff is starting to run together. Need to take a break.
yooo. Back in the cellphone game yet?
"Say it ain't so, Joe", sound familiar? Fox had to go to break there so Joe Buck could apply some lip gloss for Favre.
sexy + husky= susky
will you be able to make it to #RAWconf this year? hope so!
Enjoy #iabc11! I look fwd to tweetstream + Nicole's report. She's emailing Seattle attendees w/ meetup plan :)
Zuma...I see you
Almost just lost my ipod to the sewer people >.<
For now I'm going to take something I dread taking....a nap! Ugh
We've got & more coming up! Check our website for full calendar.
Hubby & I are completely #TeamFaber & congrats u on your fighter, Andy, on his win tonite! Making it 5-3 now BABY!
omg so 'cited!!! Tell tell tell but in msg because you dnt want everyone to know!!!
I like the sound of that :)
"It's a nice day for a white wedding..."
Great company focused on customer needs.
Friends can easy make a fun night turn to shit!
If you like beer and food trucks and live music and sunshine and friendship, then head to
DM me your number
Having fun at the pool:)
Running into old friends in the store , love it
that's looking sharp. Got the tour of the endangered wild sanc mon @ 11 leaving at 10 if you want to roll
Thinking bout herr like crazy now
The game is afoot
Back at Kings Cross now, new concourse is fab. Lots of interest at the #platform9&3/4 point
Congrats on your gig at - LOVE the writer - excited to see it!
OUR WORKSHOP WITH THE COMPANY MEMBERS FROM BROADWAY MUSICAL FELA! WILL BE TONIGHT AT 7PM! CONTACT FOR DETAILS !
Aren't you lucky?! :P
its okay I guess I thought you fotgot bout me lol(:
Excellent, thank you! Hopefully I will be able to attend :D Thanks for putting this together!
Even if I started as a graphic designer & walked into SEO/SEM as a need to market my sites. I like both the design & online marketing fields
you think he deserved it? I don't even think he's the most valuable player on his team
so are we ridding to chipotle for some free grub or what
shut up!! Your beautiful!!
Lol..I don't watch Faux, it causes high blood pressure. Someone on FB upset BO hasn't done enough for women.
~soul mate~ (fairy dust, chimes & harp playing)
I need him :)
Dear twitterverse: What's the best place to hear 90s hip hop on a Friday night in NYC?
hey feeling better?
Ready for 13th street!
Training! And done! Saturday boot camp! Was killer. Huge leg focus! Awesome way to start my day!! Make it great!
Did i miss an email or snail mail from AT&T Uverse? Where's Exercise TV? Or am i just late to the party?
hey new friend, love your city, Miami!
He needs a new Twitter handle either or or
It is a beautiful BC Day holiday here and I am enjoying a great day with my wife. Did a few hours of day trading this morning.
We’re glad to hear you enjoy them! Which bar were you snacking on? RT: Sunbelt ganola bars >>
Book A Star for your Holiday Event! *Last Minute Booking Specials* to place an offer or request price list
I have plans for this cardboard cutout of the boss. Soon some 5am trip to the john is going to be memorable.
"All these decisions that I haven't decided are just mistakes that I haven't made"
“Romeo & Juliette are together in eternity; we could be like they are, baby take my hand.. Don’t fear the reaper.”
Good luck on your anatomy exam!! :) beast it! And (I think you have it to) lol
S/o to my Lil friend she walking across the stage tonight
We love fruity flavors too! You won a VIP keychain, email us your address at . Thx for participating!
lol I hope that's a spray tan tho
RT a secret your boss won't EVER tell you... you will NEVER become wealthy working for him !
We have been getting swamped with emails regarding fan reps for ....people all over the world are sending in requests ....
same. Who's your new husband this month? LOLOL justkiddinghhhgg xD
Life just got a little stressful...I just need to breathe and remember that I always seem to land on my feet.
possibility. if it was a pink color family striped hat with a pom pom on top than yes it was me!
its always a party when and I are working
They say say that love is forever, your forever is all that I need.
Please mention more about the GI Bill and Higher Education Mr. President!
: you were great on Today Show! Your book sounds good - so does the real red book!
And thus ends a 4.5 yr, 10,000 record retrospective conversion project. Now to find new projects to keep me busy/useful!
U "K" me ill never talk to u again untill u learn the rest of ur ABC'S.
Just took down the tree and decorations. The clean up process takes much less time than the assembly time.
meet got canceled cause of the rain!
Amazing World Series!
not many people in this planet understand.
Reviewing intern applications. One of them was born the year before I got my BA. He will get his next year. *quietly weeps*
I am sure I would run into Ink again at other events. ^_^ It was a nice day.
did he have any thoughts Internet products based largely on user-created content?
just a town hall type meeting. We want the local community to determine what the event on 4/28 & 29 looks like.
: Thanks for the shoutout! :)
having fun wiff my group memeberkaykay
trying to get a pic of the twins 2ghr, they won't stop moving!!
Sorry all. This was not meant for distribution. I used the wrong Send box - and, yes, what an idiot move that was. I apologize.
Bad analogy. Birds and all other airlines are the only inhabitants of Earth w a better flight plan.
This would be the #bestnightever! #tweetsfreed! RT : I need a bottle of wine, comfy pants and a furry baby animal
i do love yu and i can say the same for you! and work together? is that goin good?
i want to see these shoes!!!!!!
We're driving your vespa out RT Off to the hamptons with are you in or out?
Does REALLY believ hi gas prices caused recession? Or does he just think he can say ridic things and it won't leave that room?
We'd love it if you could write about #SpeakUpforKids and about promoting awareness.
Nothing says #SXSW like two "friends" starting a hairy, shirtless fight club in the street. I guess.
C'MON MEMPHIS DONT BLOW IT AGAIN!
well then I commend you on a job well done
Oh NO! But me too.....RT : Learned today I might not be able to attend
i need an accomplice
to everyone that i follow an that follow me im sorry my page got hacked an sent you all an email im sorry but it wasn't me. I fixed it.
Chillin at home. Watching Fast Five :-)
I have a good feeling You could make this poem ROCK!! Worth a try, the emails are our agreement; you do the rest IF You like
Just watched HOT FUZZ again on Comedy Central. So damn funny. I laugh every time I watch. Genius!
Jerk chicken buritto
Preds FB Adrian Haughton fumbles near the goaline, Tampa Bay Storm recover for a touchdown. Storm lead 55-17 with 10:04 left in the game.
Act like a lady & get treated as such, simple.
what ever happened to forgiveness?! Get over it and move on.... #drama!
that is so gross!!!
Too many shots of brown. I def said too much.
Looking forward to my upcoming show at Kilkennys, it's been a minute since I've performed there. April 19th, 2012.
Unfortunately, I think it's time. 1st round 3 years in a row? This team is better than that.
In reflection, Pancake Day was a success.
cuz it juss is maybe it is maybe its not but i perfer to fight rather than have erthing i want it creates a bonding method 2
M Miso Soup is a perfect way to get over this Monday ....
RT : I hate when someone become the person they said they would never become"
I hate wind
Got to be at work :30 am need to stay awake for another 2hrs.. but so tired....
Law and Order reruns. Stop being my crack.
'Take off all the makeup girl, shine your light and show the world' <3
#usffw Just a reminder to those on campus in Fort Wayne, STAY INSIDE due to fumes from the fire at Momper Insulation.
never really have issues...
Wow. So many people are asking for tickets at the station. Just... Whoa.
going to a taste of asbury park $25.00 per person live entertainment and all the food you can taste promo 4 city not worth it something 2 do
I learned the hard way too. then I forgot. what's that called?
A cold has invaded my head. This close to the end of winter and it rears its ugly head.
:/ tell him i hope he feels better. I have had 4 concussions. He will be ok
That's the second time I went to make a short throw comment but forgot how many feet from home to second and cancelled it.
RT : Accident on 77N at Tyvola has left 2 lanes blocked. The merging has made a mess of things.
I'm staying UP ALL NIGHT!!
Dave, the #qcbf is right up your alley.
Scratch that, Friday were finishing up demo's! On another note, disregard the last status, our guitarist Adam is a piece of shit <3 - Kyle
Kaitlyn had one piece of pizza I had 3
Well well I see you've moved over to the dark side, Joel.
Looking for pool cleaning or building? Crystal Clear pools can help
Congrats - the new asst. coach for Yale Womens Crew!!!!
yay ill c you there. :D im honestly going cuz of we came as romans,attack attack, well pretty much all of them sadly in ...
Amish farm kids remarkably immune to allergies: study – Yahoo ...
sorry for not logging on lol i was crazy busy doing hw -____-
will have #CRPT Sarasota training pics up soon. Camera has been busy and needs a download.
What happens if you look at the Endermen through glass?
She asked me if it was real wood. I told her it was. She also liked the color of it. I thanked her for noticing.
HOLY SHIT. WHAT IF CHRIS EVANS AND NIALL HAD A BABY. OH MY GOD. MY OVARIES.
At the hospital with mom...... Gonna be here for a while! :(
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones ~Theodore Roosevelt
#NHL Congrats to Winnipeg!! Jets should have never moved in 1st place. Maybe Quebec will get the Coyotes next year.
Thanks Chris! Do you mean unique header images for each page, for example? If so, I know a good way to handle that.
Nah bro stay with the lowtops.
And old: Median age of Academy voters: 62;Voters younger than 50: 14% says LA Times.
Do you sound like Jack Black, or does Jack Black sound like you?
To whom much is given much is required!
samurai!!!!!!!!chop. Thankyou.
should be on any channel they have games on. Its just that simple
RT I don't care how angry I am, if I get married I will never fight while my kids are in the house
Oh Legacy Trail how I've missed you!
These trees are majestic. Hundreds of years old--good news is that I feel so young!
Now if that was the end of an era, can next year's #WrestleMania spotlight actual full-time wrestlers?
Early to bed, early to rise. 5 AM wake-up call & a full day of cycling, wheelchair b-ball, & sitting volleyball.
Encouraging creation in the library. Duh.
First show of the year tonight at The Paseo Underground! Who's going to be there!? 18/$10, 21+/$5 Doors at 9!
what a fantastic entrance by ! They're the only people actually talking to the crowd. #StartupBus at
Did you know: live.com is the 11th most popular website in US, go.com is the 13th, Bing is the 14th. According to Alexa.com.
I know, right?! Craziness..
what job missy
RT thanks so much :) : Love 's new song!<3
Tom Yum coated peanuts are my new favorite. If you were nearby, I would share them with you...
Don't forget about our beer and chocolate tasting on feb 11th.... We've still got a cpl spots left if u wanna RSVP!
I'll admit I was tearing up in my eyes from reading the thing about iCarlys final episode. T.T
Heh, that's my ritzy name for me being an utter sloth.
Huh I grew up in Columbus Ohio dingy. Job is down here
...pregnant with Vaughn's baby. Again. (At least that's where I thought Wither was going.)
Ive shaken s hand. I seriously beg to differ
please follow , you have no idea how happy she would be. She would cry, jump around, & even dance lol.
Any idea how that compares to the rest of #MLS?
no more panic! everything is taken care of! feelin so
I know the whole block just heard me scream that damn butterfly just tried to land on me.!!! I'm scared of them
Thank you!! I'm sure I'll be texting you along the way :)
Woo! RT : Tonight in LAREDO! at COSMOS... at AGAVE AZUL... (Future Rockstar Boy) at CODIGO
#fatindiebands My Morning Snack-it
that Is so true about you.
Red Dawn is now on Amazon Instant Video. Yeppers.
My chiropractor is evil! LOL! I feel better now though.
She may have that already.
you should come over im cooking.
serious question??
I'm going to be turning 15 in September hbu?
I pick them and put them down, my feet. 3 more miles in the log book. I forgot how sore you can get!
AWESOME SHOT!!
"Children were strapped to the roof of their car outside of the Fort Wayne liquor store" Only in Fort Wayne huh?
LOVE it. New fave. RT Isaiah Pead has some of the best open field skills and, by far, the best twitter name in the draft.
At the Marlins game! Can't wait to introduce tonight!! !!
Think think think that's What I gotta do
Bad City music making sweat shop, going strong real strong
I love
<U+200E>"What makes humans human is precisely that they do not know the future." via David Shields
So massive hyperbole fail on my part. And yet my joy is not diminished in the slightest.
get them verses done son! Lmao!
A wise man once said " nothing is more important than your Health, without your health you have nothing"
how big you gaugin bro?
Mountain Winery Wednesday! This week's ticket steal is The Black Crowes - listen up =]
Ass fucking wishes it could be as gay as you.
Happy #CabernetDay #wine friends!
ICED COFFEE!!! Nomzzzz!!!
you pointed to your back pocket didn't you?
First class of the semester in 15 minutes!
Would Reimold have gotten that?
Looks like Skynet is back up...
= BEST BOYFRIEND I'VE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE
Getting in the car now. My mouth is already watering for the corned beef at 's St Patty's Day feast...
Patrick McGuinness, The Last Hundred Days. #FridayReads. A great novel from
take a walk on the wild side.
Mitt Romney may be rich with money and possessions but he's morally bankrupt and has no courage or sense of honor.
thats why you get on a computer. duh
Happy Holidays & Blessings to Everyone! YOU are the light of hope, joy & inspiration, don't be afraid to let it SHINE. We are love, we r one
i can't believe that tomorrow is already monday 0.0 R.I.P Dio you surely will be missed :'(
It's true what they say: money can't buy you happiness. For that, you'll need clams.
so that black girl with red in her hair looks like the girl from tje movie 'the girl with the dragon tattoo.'
working man...
Great to see on MSNBC! and I miss you!
#thebachelorette has guys w/the most RANDOM professions.Marine biologist? Mushroom farmer? Field energy advisor? & why is 1 carrying an egg?
Do it now. You become successful the moment you start moving toward a worthwhile goal.
Just treat me like every other guy does. It's cool I guess. Not like I thought you'd be different or anything....
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay are the actions i did so i didnt have to explain what i could do for you
We have to change that fact!
yeah I swore after the half that I felt worse than after running a full marathon! Kudos again.
i bet tomarrow daytona 500 will be very ugly mess ending that would be everywhere with a car flip over and car on fire that how daytona roll
like it!!
What's up wit these weak ass trends? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
// I just drooled a little over that flat. Also, this may be my new favorite blog go-to.
You kill my disappointments and u heal my pain
Good Morning New Jersey! You've got one thrilled #NJDevils fan down here in Baltimore!! Let's keep it rolling
George Kottaras, I love you.
today im going to see bad teacher !!! :]
That feel when you sleep in a freshly washed and dried, warm bed.
Enjoying the rockin' camerawork of on youtube We Were Promised Jetpacks = Awesome!
Iraq War
love life loyalty wisdom knowledge understanding
That's awesome! Doesn't it feel so good?!! You got this next 75lbs! Keep up the AMAZING work you've been doing!
P, Civitas/National Research Inc and one Rasmussen poll cc
Ohhhweee just got stuck in this insane rainstorm 6 blocks from the pad.
And what is proper? Should iPad go to mobile or desktop?
Next time somebody say they love & wanna be with,jus say ok let me have ya Twitter and Fb passcode ..
okay sir.
Everyone leave me the fuck alone today
Thanks for the #FF mention!
Seth "Mayhem" Mitchell signing autographs and taking pic's w/ fellow MSU alum 's
Midnight Reminder to : No Diablo I till the #uschesschamps are over
WHAT THE FUCK DID AL JUST DO???
MadRespect# for you prolly one of the 10ppl in this world who got courage and kno how to take it to the next level
Im just not gonna fuck you cause the pussy is there i need you too fein
Everyone deserves to be with somebody that makes you happy. Someone who will always be there for you.
Me too!! Hahaha I'm like, Wow. I was effed when I was dating but not that much!
fuck up what?
If you have your ish together, the whole tax thing isn't that hard...problem is i'm trying to get my stuff in order....
Just landed in Boston, stuck on thr taxiway no gate to go to
Listening presentation of sea.me - live aggregator of comments. Looks cool, but seems a bit confusing.
#ThingsPeopleShouldntDo make excuses for their stupid lies, so their lies can sound oh so legitimate. i heard karma's a bitch, so get ready
Twitter ain't ready for my drunk tweets. Oh well here goes nothing
RT IF YOU THINK ALEX'S SMILE IS ABSOLUTELY ADORABLE!!! ;);)
Worst-case scenario for the Cats! Wow!!!
When you spend all day with him <U+E106>
Woo! Getting closer to summer every day! Have a great weekend, Stephen!
thanks for following me
great #easter with the fambam! gotta love quality
The feeling of failing a test and falling in love appears to be the same.
sure wish having an apple store mgr as my neighbor had better perks. Maybe I should bake her an apple pie...
Ah! Where at? I'm so excited for you!
I call this "Drop the Needle". To play go to iTunes. Search The Frogs and preview any song. Sit back and enjoy
We changed our page picture in honor of our Ghost Walk tomorrow. Dr. Helene Knabe MD at the Chilling Chatham Lockerbie Ghost Walk!
Also, your psychic abilities are diminished with alcohol.
We're looking forward to seeing you all!
i think I'm gonna do my prom makeup myself. this girl made me look like a clown -.-
the Light Table IDE looks really cool. I haven't written code for at least 4 yrs, but I can see how that would be great to have.
That article I just RTed is great, but with poor fact checking. Ballard is not 1/2 hour from downtown. Unless, maybe, the bridge is up.
I have a reay cool idea. You should hold like a Q and A in tiny chat or ustream. U should ask your followers if its cool :]
it's ok I will stand by my team
Follow these great Denver peeps: , , ,
aiting for thunder storms tonight. I love thunder and lightning at night. It reminds me of being a little kid watching from my window.
So awesome to be able to return the blessing on skid row today!
“: Wow, only now do I get an email from gawker about my compromised information. #epicFail” wow.
RT : Even though my tags did expire.. and was doin 50 on base. Lmao <~~ I hate you. Lol
Airport Chilis and an hour delay
Happy Birthday!
Today's secret ingredient is COFFEE!
Especially at work. Makes the day go by easier.
For tasty news, I recommend following: , ,
#YouGottaBeKidding you aint finna break up wit me on my FACEBOOK page by blocking me #REALTALK be a man and di it to my face cuz dats shakky
Integration costs drag down United Continental Holdings | Travel ...
I'd add, know what a linear relationship is and verify before talking as if you found one. Don't ignore heteroskedasticity.
Gonna get shit figured out tonight
RT ... If we could learn quicker, how to love ourselves.
dear head, if you are going to explode please do it now and put me out of this misery. Otherwise stop hurting NOW. thank you
Entrepreneurial Lesson #1: shorten the cycle of learning whether or not your idea will work.
it's no no no for you lol, well i hope you get your ass kicked by shamous take care
hahahahaha I would love to see that
What did the right leg say to the left leg? -Nothing, cuz they never met you whore.
Thus far we have heard from LL Cool J, KISS, heard about Springsteen, Steven Tyler is coming up and Lionel Richie....
Feels like it's been raining in Austin for weeks.
I love this place!!!!
Music flowing through the studio. Good music.
i hate shool
Money is the principle !
Beer and homework
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing - Dale Carnegie
What did I do wrong this time. :l
this better be going while im sleeping so i can sleep like a baby for real
Let me know if I can help: what are the boundaries of the district?
...i'm just one of the guys... idk if that's good or bad but ok
Saw a whole lot of cool stuff, but I can't wait for Barely Pink and the spiders from mars
Charlie Sheen is an overnight Twitter Celebrity
Sounds awesome! Keep us posted!
Benjamin Franklin or Justin Bieber!
Your tweet brought folks to The Wrecking Ball screening! Tremendous film, a treat.
I have selective hearing and selective memory.
Damn I jus woke up a few hours ago now ima be up all night!
Cheers to you, Buddy!
I'm
too all these physical appearances I'm writing up ( for reference to my drawings) I have to include their personal style along with how--.
My temper bad I can blow up over something super small
Morning twitter!
A3: Make sure your advice isn't an ad for your services or products
All moved in I love the new house just needs se of my art ;) I love
i didn't realize you could just push people over, kentucky. make up your own rules, whatevs.
jeydon )= ..I love him so much, I wanted so much that he would answer me .. and sorry for your friend: /
Happy #WoofWednesday! Today, we'd like you to reflect on how dogs have positively affected you as a person!
Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.
POSTING ESBC VI 2013 March 24, 2013 Player Boys and Girls Nominees
I don't want to hear any more about Wikileaks until they have the 11 Secret Herbs and Spices.
Great staff working at Monarch HS this week (CO) includes , , , ,
It's a great day. Officially finished my 3rd year of school, am preparing to move to my first house, and am going on a long trip tomorrow.
Too much light makes the baby go blind. The longest running play in Chicago. It's hard to explain and absolutely wonderful.
When my honey gets back from God knows where, he will have a big, yummy cake waiting for him. (if me and his mom don't eat it first)
"Misery loves company"...but it is "HAPPY" that draws the crowd!
what do u enjoy doing in ur off time?
thanks for your support!
Uhm okay nah , creepy :o
Haha your funny
Cotto putting up a better fight than I thought though, I thought he was a sissy lol
This page is liked to God's Grace MBC and to Rev Les Jackson: I need to get everyone to like Rev Leslie a Jackson.
just tell me when!
Amazing how I can't seem to exist without the Internet. Time to go read a (real) book.
It feels weird to be the only straight guy shopping at forever 21...
is headed to community service!
Bad place
If only we all had our own turtle mascots.
2/5 of us and and are being ridiculous at the hookah cafe.
Romney, GOP shift on vulnerable issues - CNN
We're loving our ExploreMore campervan and as usual finding all of your NZ recommendations super helpful!
Article on golf, the girls and what to do with them. Ladies Only! www.askcindycarpenter.com. Link on my homepage!
He is a lawyer whose wife is a writer and he got fed up of them treating her poorly. He helps us all! Excellent blog!
awww yeah cant wait 2 look sexy as hell 4 my ny peepz this week [fucks up beard trim] NO [rips up plane ticket, hides in cave forever]
"Didn't momma tell you not to love them hoes? But you don't wanna know."
Haha! I know!
thank you beautiful!!!! Very appreciated!! Let your friends know to follow! In giving away items in Dec!! CDs books clothes
GOT MY BOOK SIGNED!!!!!!
Happy Birthday love!
On the phone w/ Mike ..
Did you know 1% of all Google searches are for recipe content?
I really need another iTunes gift card.
Should be hawks ball
why else would he run for office???
Was about to friend a girl I used to know on Facebook but she's wearing a top hat and glasses in all her pictures.
Love the title of the new :-)
I love so much oh my god
That's crazy, it's always something.
Avengers was AMAZING!!! Go see it this weekend!! Just go!! :D!!
daytona broadcast this weekend.. cap hill event with dmc and grandmaster flash next month! snow coming in again tomorrow...
THANKS for the shoutout! let's work together to help the mentally disabled be independant
48 percent of young Americans said they find out about news through Facebook #mobile via Janel Jacobs
Man fuck the white police yall think cause yall have that badge you can kick around a black guy on the ground ...go to hell motherfuckers !
Who up wit me? -Taquwila
Ace. MT : , my student, got a PhD Internship at MSR Boston. Will be joining the group of and
i am on now
You might want to check that Twitter handle - That's not the Crew you think it is.
THE CITY BANGIN TONIGHT
I know - - I was telling to look at vsnap video messaging too
I know you're coming with the worst intentions. Bring the flood
I have a comedy playlist on Pandora and sometimes his stuff will come on, but I don't think I've heard that. I can't wait.
I'm starting to regret that 7 o'clock nap. :P
Damn, the things I would do for a steak right now.....
only for like 4 weeks loser
#1ofmyflaws I'm very insecure about myself...
If you are around MGC3 you should check out the new DWC Info board! Great info about the program and volunteer opportunities!
RT : Next up: BlackBerry 10 preview. Developer prototype devices - looks like mini Playbook - going to all devs here at
Unless by 2 day they mean ship it Monday and it arrives Tuesday. That's all I can hope for at this point.
Set your content free. Create once. Deploy everywhere.
we love you too, and your pranks
Are you looking at C? RT : months, once we've hit 20.
Hey all :)
Thanks for being a great Deacon. Best of luck!!!
I'm not sure what I've done. But, thank you!
of course!(:
ITZ OFFICIAL LIKE A REFEREE'S WHISTLE BDAY BASH GOING DOWN RITE NOW 3D LIVE @ ZODIAC LOUNGE
Third The Dark Knight Rises Trailer
One of the Greece Police Officers who ran into a burning apartment complex to save the residents' lives is on with us now!
RG3 Food Statue made of Subway http://bit.ly/Ik5QRE
I'm A Put Like Alot Of People's Twitter Names That's HUGE MB Fans On This Big Poster & Have MB Sign It Then Tag All Y'all In It (:
you did this how?
Hustle while you are young is what I say, so you can sleep as long as you want when your ability to hustle decreases.
how's #FashionWeek Girl?!?!?!
I keep all my concert tickets in my batman wallet. Am I cool yet?
oh u musta had the baby! OOF LETGO DRINKS ON ME LOL
RJ, Sorry about your fork! What location did you get your takeout from? We want to follow up so it doesn't happen again!
#10ThingsIHate evil, crime, excuses, lies, mediocrity, injustice, abortion, abuse, poverty, shame
Apparently they do give tickets for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign
Don't follow be a leader! I always have that in my mind when a person has something cool that I want! I get it but have more cooler
Reminding everyone to devote some blog time to world poverty- Blog Action Day is this Wed.
geez thanks
Private show on the 9th and 13th!!
There is a superb looking owl on the tail of a Frontier plane I'm about to get on. Now you know.
Our neighborhood seems to be awkwardly friendly. A neighbor just knocked until I got out of bed to ask me for our landscaper's number.
Let me know band details about next March!
Rainy day in #LA...what's your favorite mood music for dreary weather?
These aren't your standard houseflies ya got here in Portland. No, these things are unmarked helicopters.
Weird mood.
well damn just tell em how u feel!
thanx for the follow! It's almost Friday...weekend plans?
Fans are a lot happier today than they were this time yesterday. Let's see what the #ravens do today
Is there a new Family Guy tonight?
better game than I thought. PS I love the MECCA, the Bucks should play here.
I wish I had an ipod.. it sucks not being able to listen to music..
There's still finals of course, but yeah last day of classes.
Summertime by Simpson is my favorite summer song.
I didn't get a kiss on #nationalkissingday I'm a tad sad about that.
you cool though. Still your baking is suspect, but you're cool...lol just playin.
2012 film watching! #30. The Artist (Hazanavicius, 2011). Just a delightful film! Really enjoyed it, was not dissapointed.
So so sorry about the passing of A. Breitbart-prayers to his family-thanks to God for Andrew even for a little while.
yea i mean i don't know if that is something to be excited about..
only of there is cheese involved..
All you have to do is win. Nobody cares how you do it. #Packers have played up and down all season. Playoffs are a battle no matter what.
Brilliant talk today
Who says YOLO anymore
Another great day shooting for #TribecaFilmFest !
FYI Bacon salted caramel is absolutely amazing
It was only a matter of time: easel. ly lets you make infographics that have NO relationship to the underlying data. /ht
Nothing really
i will have to check them out thanks for the link.
In order to understand the world, one has to turn away from it on occasion. -- Albert Camus
They have about 11 libraries and 12 publishers, and all have an equal vote.
if true cost, including externalities is reflected in market pricing.
#LSU “: Chargers have agreed to terms with fullback Jacob Hester on a one-year contract.”
Thank you for spreading the word!
well either way your truly blessed to have two jobs in times like these!.....
you can't sell them.
However, I can recommend at least 5 masturbation-inducing Tex-Mex places in Texas.
#np sabotage--wale. one of my favorite songs right now
can you please notice me?
Omg have not seen an imax movie in years.... The screen is huge
Racism still exists and, to some extent, always will, but some brave people helped us to diminish the power of hatred and free all of us.
down in the rainbow room at the auction. How long is the game gonna go?
Remeber to keep a small circle....... fuck that, people still gone have something to say either way
i figured by now you could stomach a hit piece, but I assume by antibodies you mean time to spring into attack mode; predictable
lol so u Spanish now. But me and meeting up at Brittany's for a study break around 9 if your bored.
Why, hello allergy season.
I should really start to change my life around Cheergirl<333
nice piece! Focus on process not the tech! Not only in what we teach our students, but in how we teach!
Time for some weekend fun! The most high energy party in #Pittsburgh happens Some tables still avail -
We need patches that say that! lol RT : Hounddogs of Distinction!
RT Well aren't those just darn fantastic! Say, people could use them to get to the this weekend for Art Fair!
Cool Picture :)
Every time I see someone w/ a sticker on their ball cap, I want to go "Oh, how embarrassing; you left the sticker on. Don't worry. I got it"
RT : Lack of government isn't freedom, its chaos.
Dance with each other today. You will never be too young. Or old.
I live my gairy toes
head to the Isle of Wight!
Tomorrow is FIRST FRIDAY!
bit moody today. i'm not a big fan of being single :(
of course. We live here in Austin. It's not as thought we're going to trash it then go back to NYC. We'll be responsible.
Cant sleep T^T
On our way to the gym. Quiet & focused bus.
a game right? lol
Love William Heath's vision for personal data; shades of Doc Searl's VRM, but not sure mydex implimentation is right approach
Just had a fascinating discussion about regional theatre and the role of the director. That's a huge can of worms.
Yeah im a bitch, but that doesn't mean you have to treat me like i'm your bitch.
that has got 2 b an amazing sight. my son is autistic. take a pic plz!
i know lol we shud go again soon
and thanks for the RT by the way. Always appreciate your tweets and blogs
This nigga just told hulk to smash!!!
oh my GOD
When I drink tea I always talk in a British accent. They hate me at Starbucks.
RT : Arc of maxi-tornadoes may stretch from Lincoln-Omaha-Sioux City-Des Moines. Pray they hit farmland. 75-100 tornadoes?
LOL! I wish I was smart enough to make money off my discarded corks! Not me, flattered I came to mind. :-)
on tour with Ulysses Owens and Steve Wilson in Canada. We are Inside Straight.
My mouth dry ah
Another beautiful morning in cold Buffalo...will have our personal twitters up soon !
thats my brothers nickname too lol.
I got them to! I haven't smelled it yet though cause I don't want to open it!
"A guy proposed to his gf during my concert" on one of her favorite memories
I see that Poetic Justice is a #tt ... that is my movie!
what's up with BWW giving you the option of ONE of four: ranch, blue cheese, celery or carrots. Celery is a $1.50 at Walmart.
I'm afraid not, Liebling. But if you guys go out afterward, let me know.
Thanks, Jennifer!
Note: when watching Secretariat for the first time, have a box of Kleenex handy.
Hello all :)
Wow-nice memory! RT : 20 yrs since I first saw Marianne Owen So thrilling to see her & Amy Thone read Old Times tonight.
RT : The Little Tokyo building that Chef Bryant Ng's resides in is set to be demolished. What's next?...
get ready #Texans u gonna be in
I'm so much funnier than you are. I taught you everything you know.
good morning!!! I woke up in an excellent mood today...hope it lasts all day.
wow to the number one trend
Record Store Day w/o Melody Records in Dupont Circle is a sad thing.
RT God is all compassionate & loving, knowing that we are human & bound to make mistakes. ~ H.H. Sant Rajinder Singh
Interesting that mainstream US beverage companies help support
Finished the book. Great oral histories in there. Then read Cometbus on Berkeley bookshop history. Two unique places!
What's with this weather?? 40 degrees and all rainy...
Congrats to on being named Pitcher of Year and on being named Defensive POY by
you da best, thank you!!
Hey #cwcon folks: Just cancelled 3 hotel rms @ the Brownstone conf hotel. They were sold out, so if you need a rm, hit the phones!
I Don't Really Care what you think about me
Ugh. That sucks. Sympathies.
Agree. Thoughtful & inspiring. RT : Best session of the day: Create more value than you capture, by
Despite my delay induced 10 min connection in Austin, my bag and I have BOTH arrived in Phoenix intact.
getting ready for TAFA - if you are attending, please stop by the Max & Ruffy's table and pick up a box of our treats for your favorite dog!
Nice to meet you.
Recently discovered your podcast and I dig it! Had to go back and get all the past episodes. Well done. Cheers
#sales "tips" and "techniques" are useless without the correct mental/emotional foundation. Can't build the roof first. #psychology baby.
Reading a quote on Twitter and thinking: "story of my life."
So my daddy won't be coming to Disney Land with us. Sad but not surprised.
best day ever followed me back
Back On this Twitter shit
.not did i .verb the is carpool. noun the is pool car ???know you did
No matter where life take you and I, you will always remain my biggest role model, and biggest inspiration. I admire you.
Your ear thingy.
Good Morning happy Monday
Yea that's definitely true. It's especially difficult when the system itself is against him. We'll see what happens at Tampa.
no good
Luvd Good Burger!:) hey ur music's Awesome! ur nxt big star! wish u best n ev thing! keep singing!:) my sites up!annordoeman.com
she really don't look that age....
Uh, this link does NOT work brotha!! PLEASE repost! I have a camera but I don't know what you want me to do with it ; )
FINAL from John Sessions Stadium....FINS 13 Famu 8!
If you can't afford your habit then you prob shouldn't have one!
Data on Panamian shell companies easily accessed on Internet. Azeri President's daughters set up several. They got monopoly licenses
WHY DO I MAKE MY LIFE SO AWKWARD ... sheesh
what is it??
Oh Sharks :(
Oh yeah, I forgot. I meant 182.88 meters?
Farewell to Anthony Parker & Jamison. You didnt teach the #Cavs anything about winning but you did show how to take a beating with a smile.
Elisha is a close family friend and I'm glad he got to be a part of a Final Four. Wish him the best.
I think the x Reebok kicks should be called The Predator SBz.
“ im feelin myself. hope you feelin me too. God forgives & I don't. unforgettable dude”
Kicked out over a nacho? Haha
But The Way The System Has Corrupted Meeeeeeeih
Good Morning Fashion luvers!!!! ( ;
laying down. Going to get dinner with the mom and Tyler. :-)
don't make me choose. :-)
The Artist won best black and white silent film
Please do. That would be immensely helpful to many. It's always a good thing to learn other people's workflow. /cc
Boston Market :)
Don't leave....
yea it was kinda crazy .. The little stuff definitely was huge.. Pause
I'm going to come to your house and shoot you in the leg, but if you call the police, I will start a war with you.
thank u amigo
no heavy drinking for me either...woke up @ 730 this morning with a hangover lol but I will have a foot long
San Francisco as a city. Sucks
Off to Portland #IUBB goes!!!
Great article about where the BI market is today. My colleagues at think so as well.
It's happened! I stumble across a fascinating ethnographic project… wait -- it seems familiar… oh yeah, they guest blogged on SM!
All perfectly still in the air, pre-storm, so that pickup basketball--ball v pavement & chain-basket clang--sounds almost ominous
Yes, just with a larger board. You cruise more than you do tricks, although you can trick on longboards :)
Every scene needs a layer of subtext underneath. Hidden emotions, goals or agendas.
sad ending! but good message
Got an iPod Touch for christmas soo happy i love it!!! :D thanks mom & dad <3
I can't wait to be a dad.
great! I don't think it was the Teflon though ... It may have been the shield made of velvet & steel
thanks David.
great visual!
benadryl is saving my skin
Stay scheming Haha
I love the Gigi Salad and I'm just hoping my picture makes the transfer from Back Bay.
thx for believin in me bro I won't let u down/u r a true blessin. As well as the rest of my team DFE
This baseball game has turn into a throwing arm!?
No doubt, it's the mustache.
Thanks Donna for following my new project :)
Imma lax god
The ability to understand Lil' Wayne
Do you remember your favorite concert?
Seinfeld is a timeless classic
Right! Wasn't it 2nd or 3rd most-watched show or something? Yeah don't get me started on literature haha
Wonderful to meet you at dinner Sat and to hear your panel discussion at DBC. Will be putting those points into practice! xo
Hey I have officially challenged to a boxing match. I have acquired sponsorship. Any ideas?
Thanks!! I wasn't sure which episode was going to belong to I love #ABDC and ! Gonna be good!
At this very moment (give or take a few minutes) 4 years ago Lucas was born while at the same time we watched on the weather channel how
HAHA u r a genious! I called you a genious, have u faint yet hahaha
RT : Act like a lady, think like a man
Still horny...
Mord Fustang tonight @ Neon in Phoenix....this guy IS electro!
if u follow me ull make my dream come true... plzz follow<3
okay sounds great. Let's hope it's soon.
this team is not invincible man.. we can beat them if we play right.. that's what's killing me smh
egos need to be left behind on both doctors and ePatient sides.
I've been waiting years for a steampunk band w/ a "coil section" to emerge.
Please stop SOPA.
ha! I know what you mean...but due credit goes to their design/mkt/pr team for a younger line...competition for ann taylor loft?
The best part of a membership? Taking the kids to the zoo in between appointments
Wow! A giraffe's kick can decapitate a lion -- via
Another bingo spot filled.
Not sure how the DOJ justifies this whilst ignoring amazons monopolistic business practices.
PLZ CHECK OUT MY FIRST #BLS CHAPTER IT'S IN MY FAVORITES! AND TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK!
Brownies are my weakness.
Who gon stop me? Huh
4 reminders / day to use that camera. Catch someone's vulnerability, uniqueness & style while yawning & stretching. Gotta be ready & quick!
Now that House lost most of its CoStars its just not the same anymore...
tell me about it. I got 2 tests. Which subjects?(:
bahaha I think it's hilarious! It made my day! I'm going to hell...
I'm back from a restful Spring Break. It was so good to be still and remember He is God-and nothing else should be! He restores the soul!
comet almost working
Finally some good news out of D.C...The Real Housewives of D.C. will not be returning for a S2! I make a better housewive than they do!
no problem, it was fun =) and we are haha XD and aww thank u! <33
wow thats awesome!
are you heading to #NGS2012 ?
thank you! What an amazing experience.
The best job goes to the person who can get it done without passing the buck or coming back with excuses. -Napoleon Hill
#Daytona500 that didn't take long. It's gonna be a long night.
": ahaha damn that's weird but good, hope he's treating you right!" oh yeah, Thank you !!!
I'm good just finished watching Rango<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> How are you?(:
Who wants to be my slave
when are y'all coming back to San Antonio?!
nikkkki looks beautiful!!
they'll probably get a fifth from them. If they take hill and another WR late ill be happy
Fish Fry: Keepin' it real since before you were born.
How far along is the construction? Might want to take a look next month when I'm (hopefully) down there.
Looking for a nutritionist in #SanDiego. Any recs?
that's a beautiful picture!
same here! I hate cold. but, I love thunderstorms.
yes you?
Cart barn & bag storage are open for the day! Hope to see everyone out on the course enjoying this beautiful weather!
ORCID and OCLC's VIAF? Q: "Will VIAF names be given to ORCID?' Rous: "No..birth dates in name authority records raise priv issues"
RT : Good luck at state boys!!! I love y'all! Make me proud! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764><U+26BE>
Why do people ask u to send a picture of urself to their phone when getting to know u for the first time?
At work I saw this roller coaster enthusiast he travels around the nation riding roller coasters... He was pretty cool!
hahahah!!! i would die Tony
didn't see him fallin this far.
Maybe a reality show? "Patron Wars!"
Did this girl on AI just ghetto dance....twice? Ewwwww
St. Patty's is like every other holiday: an excuse to dress slutty and get belligerent drunk.
Not liable anymore
<3 feel better punk
so you're tellin him there's a chance
Hey, thanks! Eager to hear what you think! I still have to figure out how to tweet as a fictional character, but should be fun!
Something so beautiful is waiting just for you in LUCI.
Hang on....God does not mess around. U will see.
Lmfao. A coffee pitstop is absolutely necessary though. Otherwise I may not make it o_0
Did you bring a good book? Or your Kindle? RT : Spending my day off renewing my driver's license with everyone else born in May.
Now that's funny! RT : At least Tim Tebow can now say that he's been fucked. (via )
14 hour work day yesterday....ouchie
E1.1 is giving me so many research ideas (beyond/besides the dissertation). This is why I love conferences but need to learn focus
What do you think about politicians using social media? Pros, cons? Email
Check out our new watch @ www.brotherapparel.com
. quoting from years ago : 'They don't understand. Text is not data. Data is all text'
Am I wrong, when I see "must have agile methodologies" on a job posting, to think, agile is the new Rational/UML?
#MyMaddenCoverVote is LeSean McCoy for just giving Reggie Bush the business on TV ... better NFL player BOOM
YOU BOSS CHICKS COMING TO THE #B.O.S.S JEWELRY MIXER THIS SUNDAY?! 253 TRINITY AVE LOFT D ATL, GA 30303 #BOSSUP!
If you're #privacy conscious but don't need to hide your activities online are you painting yourself unnecessarily by using #Tor?
I'm so tired
Can anyone tell me if #SessionTweets are still going? Their website looks... quiet.
is currently having a mental breakdown cleaning out the entire yearbook room.
extension go for another 3 to 6 months and the amount should be the same unless your ex employer tries to change it
We want to thank everyone who took time to volunteer with the Xavier chapter & helped build 11 homes in the past year.
cant bother with all that drama
What the fuck is a "young professional" anyways??
When you play a joke schedule & your kicker has 3 attempts on the year you don't deserve to win on a game winning fg
Cubs are snatching defeat from the jaws of victory. Again.
' you are so welcome & thxs for the great art link ! #google+
Are you having drain problems? Call San Diego's Drain Cleaning Experts from Xtreme Drainworks 858-583-1798 visit us online www.XtremeDrainw…
kills the power play, both teams back at equal strength
The Holy Spirit is Flowing thru Unity LI as a spiritual revival bringing light, peace, healing and prosperity to all whose lives it touches.
Well my emotional mess has been let out
He was cute until he talked. Ahah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I'm buying my ticket to the drake concert in about .7 seconds don't back out on me
Its not too late to pick up some last minute fiesta goodies for #cincodemayo!
Hahahah I hear ya. But regardless, the dudes got serious talent.
It might come back on, you never know.
When tour hits Chicago, it needs to play the Broadway Playhouse. Just putting that out there now,
My motto was always to keep swinging. (Cont)
Tomorrow will be great
math is hard.
Thanks for that question - we are working on new ideas for the Coke Dealer. Have you seen "Blood Tribute?"
Random Follower Appreciation post! Thank you ALL for following!! SO many others just like Cait & I are in NEBRASKA! So that's amazing!!! <3
This concludes euchre njght with and Courtney from not-twitter. Good times.
I'm your and that's it, Whatever. I should not have been gone for so long, I'm your's and that's it, forever.
bored ass hell
F-H expanding in SoCal; DM me for info; various positions
my B, I never saw you..
Lol loves it! Happy Friday ladies! RT Hardest working women in the world!
Thank you RT (:": ": Last track meet of the season." Good luck (:"
Everything seems to be falling into place I think ?
Happy Birthday!
Gm tweeps $alute! Claim your dream and it shall be granted.
Austin dangling from the magnetic scrapyard crane: “Help! Help!” From the first of the Austin Chronicles. 'Austin'.
Webpage not available. I went through Network Diagnostics—no dice. Says it can't help me.
Perhaps he's a brewer?
thats great girl:)
wait...there is food there? Never seem to get past the wine Cc
I only made 65$ tonight so it balanced it out. Only thing I hate about not having a set wage.
All Of My Heart - Sleeping With Sirens #nowplaying you still have all of my heart.... The small divided &independant pieces at least <//3
True I could see that.
Im Not going thru no management to do no music wit a rapper...Fuck wit Me directly...if You grown enough to speak for ya self
yeah sorry! Does Paul McCartney really have to perform every year? He's like the Randy Newman of the
how've you been Dee?
oh yeah
walk the folks dog around there all the time on the back way up to Toe Jam! Great little Island
thanks for the heads up!
I am glad you are following me, good man!
Hey have you heard my bands new music?!
umni don't know why i sent me that
Though then the cast of another will never come to our shadow again. From the great outdoors to just saeting at home every day and nite.
i got you sum traks dont charge me now lol...hit me up
#SomeoneIWantToMeet my future husband. ahem...
Decided I won't be going to in DC next month, after all. Hope to hear about all the great programs I'll be missing.
I SORRY. I have to tell you something you're gunna lose your shit
Great time at the Central Library last night with amazing other YA authors! Next YA author event is April 26--go!
Sat between Pure Prairie Leaguers on way to
Should be fine. Be sure to mention u got the # from Malik's cousin, Rob-Ski.
At the
This is a day of reflection and to thank for searching Salute to everyone involved in this capture. keep it real
¡Go Ravens!
i jus stole ur picture g:) its on fb
; vocal lessons.
RT : #NM #ABQ Last day to sign up for Business Writing for Administrative Professionals...
Happy 26th Birthday little lamb! lol I hope you have the most fabulous birthday and many more to come! I <U+2665> you so much! =D
<guilty, as charged!> Happy Friday. RT : It's mostly needed for smartphone users...!
Get your TEBOW T-shirts today! www.tebowtees.com
cut a ticket give a way promo from a folder full of misc. audio files last night, came out good to!
Love the new photo!
giggles wildly.... Stops, remembers, then giggles again.
I bet it is announced at WWDC when that happens in june or july.
Healthy debate between Sen. Kehoe and Assm Nathan Fletcher. #cabudget Crowd is mostly pro #redevelopment so kudos to Kehoe for enduring.
thank you man... I'm sad I'm missing it, but then again, not sad at all
RT : #Creativity should be an #Actors best friend for it allows us to solve problems, and most importantly...have fun :)
Your brand is also the sum of all interactions your customers and prospects have with your company from front to back!
First night of #passover, when we have a long dinner to recall the ancient story about leaving #Egypt for
Very funny lol. I hope Jerry is too. I am cautiously optimistic The Boys have TOO many problems for 1 draft to fix. 8-8 2011
hey buddy heard on dino you were great
Amazing. RT : It's now confirmed: more than 60,000 tickets have been sold for tomorrow's game. Merci à tous les supporters.
I typo'ed "taste;" no loop around the sideway interpretation second meaning there, don't waste good analytical time
A drop in the ocean, a change in the weather, i was praying that you and me might end up together <3
everything about it. Stunning.
hey I hope you have a great day at work
RT : POTUS jokes he's thinking about running GOP debates as advertisements, "without commentary; here you go."
no, it's not. In his defense I did really fuck up. But I did all I could to make it up, and he won't let it go.
We're looking for a few more water-loving people to try out our new waterproof iPod nano. Who's interested!?
hey, it's about time you get on
That awkward moment when you realize you were talking to yourself.
Cultural Anthropology online course < Twitter, Tumbr & Facebook . -.- #ProcrastinationAtItsFinest .
he meows
The Female audience continues to have a higher video completion rate at 74% versus 67% for Males.
Thanks for the love!
#HAPPYMOTHERSDAY to all my mommies , new mommies an daddies who have to be moms too I salute you mwah !
That's a bit of a stretch, Ralph. They were 28th in D rankings last yr. I do see them improving, though.
Hi mariana! Thanks for following. THe main event office number is 561-712-1113.
Why's that? Haha
Trying not to freak out about the indefinite Sherman Minton Bridge closure. Guaranteed commute chaos.
Ha ha ha! Thanks for the larf and I hope you're having a great weekend!
This always involves giving up ceegars, taking up jogging, and drinking diet colas.
Let's go then! :D
fun doing what? Tipping cows or making out with your cousins?
even though your mad at me I love you!
In management class. Looking forward to guest speaker.
Obligatory standards, City of New Orleans and Chattanooga Choo-Choo
Jesus doesn't care about football, remember? And there are definitely NO mustaches in my happy place.
People need to grow up and start acting there age life is to short to just throw it all away god gave you life for a reason...
Business, you know, may bring money, but friendship hardly ever does. - Jane Austen
“: Do you really think if someone...?” Bored and wanted to inquire about random sports rumors. Too lazy to check StumpTown.
Where's in all this?
Did u hear Mcdonald killed Burger king in front of popeyes over that bitch wendy. The funeral is at Churchs. You going? Im takin the subway.
U so full of shyt. I been home. Dnt front for ur
I'm definitely meant to be a history major.
lego's seem to be the top as of now LOL
I miss the Old austin days but I'm happy for the new ones too!
Seattle bound and tons to do.
Wow. Just got a City Proclamation from in honor of our listeners' support for ! Thanks, from the kids!
** People are strange when you're a stranger **
Realizing that life would be so much better without him.
I hear if you wait 42 minutes for the 42 bus the meaning of the universe is revealed
What is Cloud Computing & how can it help Business-Tips & Tricks--www.businesspundit.com/cloud-computing-for-small-businesses-tips-tricks/
Happy for Joel Skotte, a linebacker from Bend, Oregon. He's a tough guy and I'm glad he signed with Oregon St.
LMAO ": I feel sorry for whoever I end up marrying."
hey how are you doing?
Twitter. The place you go to complain when no one really cares.
All I want is to go to a ranger game.
Up since 4a due to hotel thinking I asked for a personal wake-up call. Getting punchy. Just wait til the reception opens ...
RT : Q2) Do metaphors always help, or can they hinder, understanding?
Excited already for services this Sunday !!!
Are you staying for the Welcome Party tonight?
Join mine and ill join yours www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
haha. If I get bored I always have Jacob to keep me company ! Lol he'd come see me..
Monday, Monday.....
We'll be announcing our Foursquare mayor & winner of a 1GB flash drive, shortly after 8AM tomorrow, December 9. Make that last check-in!
LOL, why are they just now telling us this?
the only water hitting my patio is from the rain blowing in sideways. It is nuts out here.
I'm a bit thirsty; I think I'll go rustle up a big glass of Frog Juice.
Idk what busta rhymes was saying .... But I love the song
Mets Game
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 38
Basically she wants nothing to do with me...
Just spent 6 hours in the library finishing up this competition project.
keep making their fans proud. Great win.
“: By the way, I love your new photo! Really gorgeous!” Hey! Thanks! I'm still loving yours too! So fun &colorful!
& Looking forward to welcoming to Dr. Paul Smith, Prof of Cultural Studies (GMU) for a keynote lecture “Commie!”
RT : Oh god this chick on #projectrunway cries like every time she's on camera lol wtf
8 Lynn students, inc. Mike, headed for Dominican via helicopter. Being met with food and clothes. Then will take private plane to S. FL.
"you keep the sunshine, save me the rain..."
I don't wanna be lonely no more...
do you know when or if you and Jonah are gonna get together? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
A man's gotta have priorities
What a game! Go Wings...
my cuties are NOT for kids...
Well , I'd like to say good luck in the printer biz. But if my ESP7 is any indicator, you've already failed.
Clones are people two.
Designers/Developers: I have an invitation. If you'd like it, get in touch.
I LOVE YOUU please
Fantastic! I'm deciding whether to wait six months for the US edition to come out or just to buy the UK one now. :)
I want to be serious but he dont so there for I'll keep my goods to myself. Its not like I havent gone without it before
dont go then :(
Real men cry, besides girls love seeing a boy cry they can't help but confronting you(;
Not really, I was just wondering if you were going to have the audio files for the entire show or not.
Haha :) love it!
Nerve pills are worth their weight in gold.
This week's been great, 800 hot meals, 1000s of sammies, ~500 toiletry items, ~90 showers, ~40 loads of laundry for the #homeless!
Today is so busy for no reason...
sollyfeni StanCollymore hope you get reported you poor excuse for a liverpool fan Whats happened? Livepool fans used 2 b 1 of best about.
Ty for including us in your paper.li
Strolling round UCLA north campus before a tv talk & affirming my appreciation of sculpture gardens.
We let drivers see so they can learn from mistakes, but don't worry, most of our riders are 5-stars! :)
I need an investor for my restaurant...
think I saw ninja and got excited lol
"Balance" is different for everyone. There is no perfect tool.
My friend is selling a real "COACH AND LOUIE" bag at her garage sale 70th St and wethersfield ...cheap
I loved the new episode of BTR<3 I'm so excited about this season! Glad to see its back ^-^
exactly !! You can't go wrong with dubstep!!
That's good
I knew that was another name for toilet I just didn't know it was in German
If any whore was really intellectual.she would be pimping out her brain and not her pussy..
Its so hot in my house! Its worse than outside smh
I done came down, hold up, grip the grain, roll up and your girlfriend want a nigga like me cause I ain't trying to control her.
miss the Great Karnack!
Hey, hey, hey I'm on here with you other Tweet folk how's everyone's day??
Sure, where's the Double-Follow button?
I wish it was socially acceptable for me to show people the texts going betwen and me right now.
Nope. It's the improved you. RT : Holy shit someone created a parody account of me?
too bad i'm out of itunes money
mix of almonds and dried cranberries! crunch & sweet
My friend just got encaged.
Thanks 4 the mention!
thanks Mike!!
Moral indignation: jealousy with a halo. -H. G. Wells
you're awesome!!!
Damn is so beautiful!!:)
so help me, if you EVER implement native OS X Lion Fullscreen… *menacing glare*
Don't we all have a secret?
going to see the bf soon <3
RT : If happiness were the national currency, what kind of work would make you rich? << Good question!
What u quote is the media mantra, & there are plenty of errors. I'm not saying he'll win, but Paul's going to surprise ya.
This is it
What are moms really suppose 2 do
The girl at Victoria Secret said i could be a bra model!>>
Yellow diamonds in my ear, call em lemonheads.
M&A Tip of the Day- If you are planning to sell your business in 2 years, now is the time to start preparing & positioning for the sale...
If you're in the NYC area on Sunday, May 15th, come out to our launch event at Red Bull Arena.
Thanks everyone for liking our page. We really appreciate it!
Naw not yet. 2weeks. You back?
CONGRATS! Cap day is a happy day!
Feeling very Wizard of Oz-ish.
She wants me cause i got you
getting ready for Praise The Lord
The fallout, if there is any, should be interesting. As an ABC news producer, I couldn't even make donations.
STILES AND JACKSON
Can't even do nothing with my only friends ..
Thanks for the heads up. Looking good.
Any ideas on how we should celebrate internally? Balloons from the ceiling, fireworks, marching band -- what do you think?
My mom was yelling at me because I have a thigh gap.she says im getting anarexic-_____-
Lol thanks. I'm glad you missed me.
Go patriots!!
If we celebrate our life, we celebrate our purpose, and if we cant celebrate our purpose, then we know we should find one and LIVE for it.
great! Very excited you'll be here.
Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly
hey remember that cool T shirt you had on.. the shredded one.. did you make it or buy it ?
It was awesome seeing him play last night. Palmer beat Coronado like 7-1
oops! it was there.. hmm. let me try again.
thanks for visiting us!
You're welcome! See you in June! RT: Thank you! We are very excited to be a finalist for the Showroom of the Year!
Then she use to be loud so the person i was on the phone with could hear , smh
i do that everyday mane .
Late start plus break ones tomorrow, my schedule is better then yours.
I cant wait to watch Battleships w my girls this weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> omg.
RT : BREAKING: Texas Gov. Rick Perry says he will run for President if he has finished destroying Texas by 2012.
Both. The charm of the act is their interplay.
Got the prefer drink from the perfect person for my sad day. I have been trying to deal with the lost of Marco Simoncelli. I just can't ....
"The difference lies not in the world, but in the filters through which we perceive it."
Erick opens the door to understanding cubans movements and rhythms and challenges you to the next level to find your own expression.
": Masturbating clears the sinuses." Lmfao that's awesome
and I need to deliver some cupcakes tonight... Who wants in? ;) ..... ?
Remember, liberals. The Bible says that all homosexual behavior is wrong, with the exception of 2 hot women kissing.
I'd buy that for a dollar. (RoboCop on DVD)
what for? thats a big advantage for Sconnie.
; calm your tits bro.
... lazy. And Kyu. She was like, "OMG .__. His hair... It is nice. He needs to keep it like that... and not dye it."
There's a trap I'm trying to avoid right now while working with #emberjs: using it like
I bet there's a roomba app, to at least cover the vaccuuming! :)
good girl, now say go lions
still tearing it up in Mexico, btw
"I'm the KING OF THE WORLD!!!"
oh Kimberly...you're here too! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Now you know how opponents feel after you SWAT them @ Rupp and the crowd goes Nuts!
When a real man fights, the real man walks away, the other man is air lifted to the ER
If there was a way to guarantee that tomorrow would be a Great Day for Hockey in Pittsburgh, I would do it.
what a wonderful christmas!! feeling so thankful...
#Taurus the country MB will take you to: Italy
u see how the fans felt about OJ yesterday. Lol. He's gone
hey you in Chicago? I'm there Thursday-next Tuesday! Mostly work trip but would love to meet up.
Just enjoyed some awfully tasty General Tso's spicy chicken from the neighborhood China City restaurant.
still remember when Big Ben sat out week 17 in Buffalo back in 2004. I went to the game. Maddox got benched for Brian St Pierre
Reading your book tonight. Brain still whirling from today's talk. AMAZING! Garden world - beware!
The moment you feel like giving up is the moment you need to push the hardest.
what u send me?
and tweet about.
Im MINDLESS and i followed u can u please follow back???
We love all the guys in and your music!
Yeah- got laid off along with 500 other teachers in Cleveland.
Awesome, I'd like to have them on the show
Oh my goodness! Thank YOU for being you! hehe.<U+2665>
RT : Overheard: "Dude, it's ok you can totally have red meat and be ok-it's the green meat...
Congrats!!! Great Job, keep up the hard work you'll be Champ till you wanna vacate that belt !
You guys let's try to go ONE day without using the word motherfucker, ok? Let's do it for Mom.
Everything dies and/or ends.
Deadmau5 is Canadian? Where the fuck did that Come from, eh!
Twitter is adding right to left languages to their translation center this spring beginning with Arabic, Farsi and Hebrew.
My mother is being UNTOLERABLE.
Lexie said mom I farted, does it smell? Lmao yuck! Kids.. Smh -_-
Great! Thanks for stopping by!
YESIIIRRRR RT : LOL DID U GET THE EXIT SEAT??
Now the #Mavs 99-98 loss to #Thunder seems less worse than the #Grizzlies on the short end of 99-98...
Related note: Fouls better start being called on Craft and Sullinger. Seems like they're being given MANY breaks.
4 days to go! Talkbiznow.com launches V2 - The Online Workplace for the Business Professional will be running a live survey of opinion.
It wasn't the 1st book I ever read, but it was the 1st one I ever borrowed from the library on my own & I remember it exactly RIP Maurice.
The drunk txts I'm receiving tn are priceless
Happy birthday So happy to be celebrating it with you an ld
You'll find us chasing the sun!!!!!
With & for like the 23836th weekend in a row. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
People are fucking stupid!
do you know where critical mass is by?
GAAAMMMMEEE TIME!! O'Connor vs Reagan!! Northside at 5:30pm!! Come support !!
so far it's been true in this series.
MORNING HAVE A LOVELY DAY! I'm always thinking of you!
I know right! It's not that fun like before. Is your semester over?
Glad you made it over. It was a special moment for the both of us. He loves UK basketball as much as I do. Keep in touch.
Getting rdy for wrk! U r supposed to b gettn rdy for school/wrk as well!?
EVERYBODY'S WHO'S SICK: feel better.
HillaryClinton You inspire me.
Just watched 's #Justplanecrazy & I'm still excited about the job! Let's keep it normal out there, ppl...
It's amazing that they are living inside us and we might just think we are overweight or always hungry but it's a parasite!
Excited for Shotgun Entrepreneurship Bootcamp tonight. Who else is going? cc
is coming to Janesville, WI. Come out to Riverside Park on Sat May 12th at 10 AM to participate in our free Fistball Clinic!
RT I am honored to be among the fantastic women nominated for the ATHENA Young Professional Award.
How do you know if the food at local restaurants is safe? Watch a special Sargent Solutions on 19News Nightcast.
Get autographs while you still can - on PBR cans preferably.
I'm worried
If at all possible grab your tickets today! You already know it's going down!
Suffer Little Children of a Lesser God
I've bought from both and they are equally excellent. I have not bought MMs's small drams though.
Sitting in a coffee shop in Austin, TX, on the penalty kill until my wife's best friend's wedding festivities begin.
I honestly don't even care anymore... If I fail, I fail (the test). I seriously an 80% right now. ;alfkjasdfkj
They're equating hardcore coding with basic web editing. My vote, no on former, yes on latter.
you're irrational. sorry bout that stretched anus.
you're right. Last winter was one I wish to forget. This winter has been mild, but I'm still eyeing up my sleeveless shirts.
Jerk that smoke.wagon and see what happens! I said throw down boy!
I think the only two are you and actually haha.
no one ever told me to stay in school, but i stayed in school anyway.
! you do not fail at blogging!
Heading back to Nashville l today... Can't wait to see and the kids
Next up: Monthly utility fees for oxygen.
Today come in for a special Happy Hour For the American Heart Association from 5-7 enjoy great drink specials and Live music..
hang in there! The beach is in your near future!
thank you and Helen for the great customer service.
I want to eat with Luly.
Why are we named Okanjo? Hint: Japanese. High fives, 10 points and three gold stars to the Tweet with the correct answer!
Don't forget TODAY is Administrative Professionals Day!
I'm deleting my tumblr today. Fuck that shit. Nothing is worth that much discomfort.
I loved every minute of it! I can't believe how big he's getting..
Listing to girls in construction saying size matters.....
Welcome to the universe! It's not the same without you!
Welcome to Twitter; Thinking of how to be read, And who to follow
No matter nation of origin, that's red herring. Just distractions from evil/hate. See also Acts: "ONE Race, many nations"
is there *anything* so satisfying, for an academic, as having someone quote back to you the ideas you published?
I've read SWAN SONG. Loved it. Don't know if I'd say more than THE STAND, but definitely on par at least.
good luck! Hope you do good!
How old we're you when you did fighting first
Haha I was hoping to gloat about it to that I was better than him xD
yup I had some much food stacked I it was ridiculous haha
Seski love Oregon hospitality and feathered friend
Would like to forward info to educator friends in DC not on twitter - is there a way they can contact u off twitter, please?
Congratulations Melanie! She won our raffle, massages for two at Lucky Chinese Foot Massage (specializing in reflexology). One of our favs!
so much fun, Robin! Loved catching up with you. Hope you had an easier time getting home.
you should check out Kohl's. I hear they have some fab style satchels. lolwut
Rondo ejected!!! You cant bump a ref....
How do it know?
Happy hump day! Hope you do lots of humping around!
I told my mom to send me to Colombia for 2 months so I can forget everything.I hope she takes this into consideration! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><U+2708><U+2764>
Someone just purchased massive amounts of legos and a few coach purses and it so was not me - Credit Card Fraud is way uncool!!!
happy new year<3
We love you, Rick! Thank you for the kind words.
Ever sing while waiting for a conference call to start? I do, but keep the phone on mute.
thanks for following me, kisses. : D
haha well-played
Happy Birthday Cheryl!!
I really miss my violin <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
no you didn't. >:( Because you're too scared to fight me. :o
I LOVE YOU! I would give anything for you to follow me! :(
Q2 Speaker has to be engaging & focus on different types of/departments in libraries.
Happy belated Birthday!
Tweet me
hello sexi how are u doin
will do. I'll come up that way when we break.
Hockey Question: Do coaches really get mad at players for fighting? Or is it a show?
Jr Smith is clumsy as shit
Follow me, fool! And then get some shut eye for that AP test.
Finals begin Monday. Hope the men are taking advantage of reading days...
High Five to you!!...celebrate national high five day.
This game is hard to watch
I'll be down... Catlanta just sounds right
Think like a man...with all this promo it better be a damn good movie.
I could play in the WNBA if I had a vagina
this "analyst" sounds like he's on strong medication. If not, maybe he should be.
Yes, I meant Aleks. So, is that like a time share for the bunch of you? :-) Do you make him read his books to you?
still hittin the city
Let's go knicks
"Newsies and Phantom and ONCE. Oh my!" (to the tune f/ Wizard of Oz)
Successfully lost one friend and relost another tonight. I never do anything right.
the old guy that wants to bone just walked into my plato class..........
Back to getting classroom set up. Classroom is starting to take shape.
Trying out this TweetDeck thing...
Judy Wajcman: when thinking about gender & technology, we need to be both critical & open to its possibilities for transformation
Manager not manger, manager not manger, manager not manger.....
Love what you guys do! Keep up the good work! Follow back?
i wanna kill comercials.. unless im in them XD
very back like 250ish
Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors. - African Proverb
Jimmy Eat World's First Album. Phenomenal. What the Hell Happened?
#moviechatters Are you a Action #movies buff? Or are Adventure #movie buff?
hello i will be away for a while so my cousin mirette will stay on with you she is 12 years shes funny and nice and beautifull
I'll use Courtney for the time being and we'll see if it works. Ha!
lol RT : Grats to founders for sticking it to for $1 Billion the day after they received a $500M Valuation
I don't fall asleep, I pass out.
Lol idk they still gotta talk about the date on the wedding
i love you to
Really enjoyed the Glenn Miller music at Yale last night. Wonder where else in the NH area I might hear big band music. Any ideas?
Dick Clark at the age of 82 but ABC has just announced that he will STILL be appearing on New Year's Eve.
Thanks for the RTs!
better start
worst when u have company over smh
Football all day and #Brewers playoffs and my ass gotta work...
ok and I am I swear lol
Summer is almost here Follow for Atlantic City's latest!
Law school? Meet a UM Carey Law's Admissions Officer today from 2pm-4pm at Stetson University's Hollis Center, Rinker Field House
If we changed our name (slightly) would you still love us?
TGIF!! Hope everyone has a good weekend!
I Go Tuu School With Your Little Brotherr. Band Class And Everything. My Sis Luvss Yhuu! :)
No cheese? RT Bacon eggs n grits....
We're tweeting live today with from the ediscovery CLE w/Judges Facciola, Grimm, and Peck in Charlotte NC #ediscovery ^BM
I love #hiphop as an art! There's people out there talking shit cuz I make hip-hop cuz I love making music!! That's one of my hobbies!!
I'm hilarious and I have good music on my phone, why don't I have a boyfriend.
Happy birthday to the best friend a girl can ask for,
Hung out at the Angorium with for awhile. (the amphitheater for those who aren't in the know)
Yes, I believe that a video of the Kay talk will be available online soon.
Getting going in the new year. Looking towards big things. New songs, new videos, new venues, let us know what you would like to see from us
There are some people I know I should never ask 'how are you'? They are never happy or feeling well!! So I ask 'what's going on'?
This Bloomberg Markets article about Koch Industries portrays a company that repeatedly demonstrates contempt for the law. Surprised?Best...
RIP Whitney!!!!! At the warf shopping for some fresh fresh fish for the Proud One tonight!!!! Ladies get ready! Dj spinning whitney all ...
Any #thesiswp folks know if you can filter body classes based on the site layout selected (or column order) in Thesis design options?
my cheessteak poll is currently tied. Who will be the tie breaker?
Union Reinvestment Design Committee Meeting tonight at 6:00 in In Wisconsin East to discuss the Budget
is so badass, he takes a plane for shows!
Martin Brodeur has been a #NJDevil as long as I've been watching hockey.
Wrapping up the swim season in the next two weeks, I want a break!
Kill me now
Panel TODAY : Arizona v. US: What will the #SupremeCourt do? David Martin, Kerry Abrams, John Harrison - 11:30 in WB128
this hurricane thing is getting serious.
oh eric, next time I see you I'm going to purposely forget my filter!!
A lovely and stylish #followfriday to:
but should start the drinking
follow my writing page for the clippers Cory let's go clippers!!!
"A man paints with his brains and not with his hands. - Michelangelo "
Update on Cam please....And do you need help?
Think Different.
Hal, quick clarification: I missed adding the 'RT' in that last tweet... is the creator of , not me :)
#FridayReads The Odditorium, Melissa Pritchard, . Sofa king good. EVERYONE MUST READ IT. I want to underline sentences in it.
": My main goal is to differentiate what it is I need and what it is I'm simply scared to lose." This hit me where my soul is.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BOO ENJOY UR DAY BOO!!
See you at the Waitress in 15/20 min, ?
Well they're just out for our divas this year. RIP Donna Summer.
#Nw..Jennifer's Body.
Not enough talls, not tall enough talls. )-: “: ALERT: THE JCREW IN TOWSON HAS A MEN'S SECTION AGAIN #happydays”
How come you are not going for it?
I wish Bombshell was real I would see it a million times !
Guilty RT : My only hope is that all of the people who think they know how a restaurant should be run will own one in hell.
Girl/the acoustic set is getting talked about the most. And the fact that the guys are phenomenal musicians.
I never lie... i just dont always find it necessary to tell the truth!
Lol at the Wendy Williams show staring big bully NeNe
Happening Now! 2011 #Muskies, catch online webinar on interviewing for summer
A quarter that has a dinosaur on it and glows in the dark? Canada officially has the coolest money in the world.
So stoked to release the new demo today
What! MT | : Denver Post is correct. Peyton Manning is en route to Denver to visit the Broncos.
Just bought a new mic stand, cable, picks, and speaker.
Just heard one of our producers found her family's new puppy through one of my UGC segments that air on V cool! & V cute pup!
Whenever someone tells me I dress like a grandpa I secretly hope they choke on the Werther's Original I just gave them.
is missing her dog...but staying warm in the sun!¡!¡!¡!
RT : Can't beat this: #FREE daytime admission on Saturday!
Hey guy, this elevator isn't big enough for your racing bike.
HP, I am so irritated at you right now. Suddenly without a recognized scanner is not how I wanted to end my evening.
First, ask yourself the question-- how is this better than hadoop?
that's how izzy is me and her can sleep for days! Does he cry alot at night?
Why can't I find my air card??
Alaska Air Group Reports April Operational Results - Sacramento Bee
am I Catholic?
Okay Mitt Romney, I see you. You'd never get my vote, but I see you!
:) That's good!
Benefits of Stretching - Better Fitness Daily It’s early and I’m feeling a bit sore and tight. It’s always good to stretch some...
lol already. How is the FAM doing? And damn your kid is getting BIG
Eh gonna be back on my no Twitter shit tomorrow...& time to focus on myself
Don't worry #Seattle, #bartab is alive and well! happy #humpday!!
at the aiport and enthralled with dery girl by shauna cross. how come this was not an anyone's favorite list in 2007?
ilove it =D
Haven't seen this much orange since Queensday Amsterdam! A lot more fighting and hair-pulling too!
contemplating my feedbag instead of my belly button.
Hack to fix a hack? Pairs well with 's Black Tuesday and a little ingenuity. And luck.
Two fish tacos with chips and salsa for $8.49 today!! Excellent Cod!!
#ListOfTurnOns; White Boys, Blue Eyes & a Smile to die for (:
#badconversationstarters So, when's the baby due?
completely understandable. May add you to fb later. :)
I was sick ;p haha
obama is driving past my house in an hour which means I'm completely trapped in and can't get out to go to the gym . So annoting!
S/o to for cheering me up randomly (': You're amazing!
; But what's funny is : Technically , I am texting you , because I use my texting on my phone to tweet . so yeah . Lol .
Funny - I needed this this morning in class. Looking at broken pediments in Neo-class home, wondering where it started!
Today is National Random Acts of Kindness Day! Put 2 quarters in the meter for someone ......What's your random act of kindness?
television of saints
Loving the cute spring-time outfits around campus! Who knew NEU had such good fashion sense, guys included
Starbucks oatmeal and a caramel frapp. My mother is a saint.
The good news: I'm 1018 away from 50K. The bad news: I'm out of writing candy.
Thanks! I read your blog a bit, I like it! I want to get that yoplait granola yogurt now. :)
Why do I always end up never putting the actual date and time of meetings whenever I send mass texts to my court. I'm a stupid butt.
Victorian Halls show tonight at with , , , and 7pm!!
Headed to #Houston - looking forward to reading from PERLA tonight at Blue Willow Bookshop, 14532 Memorial Drive, Houston, 7 pm
Congrats to the ladies lions of for their win today in the TN Final Four.
glad to see them hard fouls in the #nba again. reminds me of the late 80s and early 90s nba.
Just back from Sedona, AZ. Getting up at 6:00am to hike is the best. The colors are something else.
#21CRadio tweet chat is tonight at 6PST! will be giving away some tix!
My mom said my baby gone be crazy like me...naw just an #gangsta that is al.
your welcome your apart of the Team!
we all know that combined score was a guestimation
karen where you building a position on sitting on the side?
RT": Happy birthday to #philosopher Pierre Teilhard de Chardin!"
me too! That's the ones I'm going to get.
I put an aftermarket pipe on my bike. And I'm not sorry.
hey please follow me back. #muchlove hahaha LOL #:D
senses its time for heroes
I'm sorry !
LOL U TOOK THE LAST ONES
tomorrow proves everything ive ever said.
thanks for being super loud, jerkface thunderstorm.
I need new clothes, let's go!!
wow! Deep.
The Economist's new World Figures APP is just great fun for anyone who likes trivia or playing Geography (I still do). Well-designed.
Traci's client Leigh (cut yesterday) called to say she "loved" her haircut! That's right Traci is a bad a#
I'd like to see every girl come to school without make-up on. Let's see who's pretty then.
Thanks for the RTs last night!
Understood, but reading in bed can help some people fall asleep.
Hi! uploaded 2 pics for the JB birthday video :) (Im from the USA)
I just hit my first 1,000 followers on twitter. I'm throwing a party, AND YOU'RE ALL INVITED!
So what events are you attending for #RoseFestival? Use your #TaxiMagic app and we'll be glad to get you there! Why hassle with parking?
On this day in 1864 the CSA government ordered that 1/2 of the freight capacity of all ships had to be reserved for government shipments.
Is chip kelly really going to tampa bay??
Tickets go on sale Thursday. 3 day passes are like $250. I kinda wanna go but the line up isn't worth that much to me lol
so wat type of music do u listen to??
love it!
No, with Dave Matthews.
OMG a Spam Subway sandwich sounds awesome! Ono!
Get 30% off your purchase at Vitamin World! Hurry in before it's too late, pick up your coupon at the concierge desk today.
Tell me about it.She is funny too. I told her she'd make a killing.
Throwing blocks on tweeters like some MMA shit. Don't DM me unless you're serious
thank you! :)
Is there anyone else who would like to be added to my newsletter email list?
so you know who's cool… and dropping' science next week!
#FF to our great staff writers and
Yes, the southwest pilot made offensive comments. But nobody would have heard about it if the media hadn't rebroadcast them.
Full version of Wolfenstein 3D video game currently free in Apple's App Store
we're going to check with the Guiness Book of World Records!!Seriously...we have plenty of pink for people to wear...
": May i see u in boxing gloves?"- purchase the gloves and you see me in them.
RT if u like fish hooks follow me I'll follow u back plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Best Tee shirt idea ever... The front will say I'm Single and the back will say.. Ask me about the sex
Im done with my dad. This har got to stop. The yelling, the crying, i just want to have some fun instead me working bt his shop the whole...
fun!! But you know you hav e to have someone who is 21 to go with you tho
good movie. It wasn't the best but still good.
Don't be like that!
Ill let her know <3 (:
FUCK FUCKING YES, HE MISSED THE TURN SO I GO HOME FIRST TODAY
My Pleasure, Happy St Pat Day!!
We just got a great 3 1/2 star review for our latest cd, Falling Together Falling Apart, in the December issue of Downbeat Magazine!
Happy about my single go crazy thanks to all my supporters and friends
This Thanksgiving we are thankful for a new co-founder , our wonderful advisors , and
Lakers Bout To Blow Out The Hornets..
That is so awesome!
Spent all day Saturday at foodie fab Taste of Atlanta -- holy free Robert Mondavi vino tasting. Hallelujah, pommes frites in truffle parm.
You go boy - who are the 8
Come see Artomatic in Frederick - it's fantastic!
planning a long night of projects to get caught up before next Friday.
Beliebers got your back justin !!!
I was. Meetings for a research grant and other intellectual goodness. Now in Houston and hopefully DC by bedtime. So tired.
yes he is but it doesn't have to do with his tweeting.
Writer's tip: Your work space should be just as comfortable as your sleep space. There no need to suffer for your art unnecessarily.
YEP. Lol. I was feeling that.
I accomplished it, regardless if you admit it or not..
is it summer yet?
where do u live?
Check out my brand new video please !!! Tell me what you think!!! PLEASE! www.youtube.com ---->>>>Karissa Lynn
ok. I am ugly thats what you are tring to tell me rigth. Jajaja estripeo
I'm already there
well charge your phone... and call me.
Overtime again. Five games in a row.
Don't worry there is always room for more! RT : looks like you forgot to go to 's always tomorrow.
And the sun shines again!
lunch burrito
appreciate the support!... Stay up pimp!
Happy 23rd birthday to my oldest brother !! Love you Lu!
Yay snow! Wait, never mind, I have to shovel now.
Holy moly, that was a lot of networking. Met lots of great people, lost my voice. Thanks, #DC web people!
Break a leg! Book that ish yo!!
Thank you so much for your donation today. We really appreciate it.
*singing* why why why???? Don't Marry J give it up! HER TIME HAS PASSED!
#Imagine Alex: "Could you please stop talking about (ur name) for just a little bit?" Austin: "I could.....but I wont. ;)" Alex: Gosh.. -_-
": That's why it's so vital for directors to communicate empathically with their actors. You just don't know until you know."
yes goo! xx
I had a blast from the past this afternoon: an orange with actual seeds!
MUSIC TRIVIA!!!!!!!!! Michael Jackson or Madonna!! PICK ONE! ??
cant wait for the voice to come on tonight, i am so anxious
Don't you mean #Amazingly stupid?
MT : WI peeps: get thee to the polls. Work to do, but we're getting it done. Show them money can't buy our state.
: talk about awesome football...steelers fans were torn...2 VERY BIG rivals...who'da root for??
5 glasses of champers & 1 vodka. May be drunk. Time for the night to start.
ry and I just finished day two!
HA! RT Social Networking sites today are 50% holiday well wishes and 50% getting angry at people who spell "paddy" wrong.
Best wishes on new projects! I love being "retired" to do what I wish; retirement $$ will catch up w. me in a few years.
Of course you should get another beer.
Great interface and nice layout for social analytics Worth checking out
Lol ik :] <U+2665> Anything new or exciting happen or coming up?
It's not healthy to assume
Thanks! There's plenty more to come!
Everyone have a Happy Veteran's Day tomorrow! We salute all the brave men and women who have served and continue to serve our nation!
Freshman's this year = -_-
friend would i ever lie??
Just curious, do you live in Brazil or the US? What a great ministry. Are you connected to a specific denomination in Br.?
i feel bad that i cant follow everyone back :(
Thanks for the #FF! Have a creative week!
What was the topic?
Happy Thanksgiving!
At work () tonight, out of all the same old christmas music, I hear come on! MADE MY DAY. I love my job even more now.
lol cause you had the best teacher!
Just got to Dallas for #COLT11 Community Outreach Leadership Training with Pancreatic Cancer Action Network!
Mid-week hustle, make it count!
Going down to south park, gonna have myself a time.
The brigade is officially open. Welcome new members.
Moving to #LA for an #Entertainment Career? #Tweetchat with [ Sunday April 22nd, 7pm PST ] Bring your Qs! |
wow, that is schweeeeeeet. I want.
So glad you did. Maybe I will now, too.
Awww! Congrats austin! I wish i could go!
idk lol i just woke up hahaha and am watching amanda palmer live
There's an amazing amount of people at the beach this morning for it being 50F.
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them. ~Desmond Tutu
Absent mom dinner of frozen pizza & mac n cheese prepared. Now to dinner with Don, Jeanne, & . & I must kids, it's "work."
Laying in bed now
Bill Callahan randomly drops some Baby's Got Back lyrics at the end of Smog's Real Live Dress. Most depressing song that ever made me laugh.
Meting tomorrow in Jersey City. Will Jersey City be the new home for my tattoo shop, "Street Ink"....??? Stay tuned.
You are a man of my own heart.
RT : Yo click on live radio on www.yadahdaking.com to hear the interview in a HOTT second!!!!
Lol you are really dirty smdh
if you actively love someone every day of the year, shouldn't you get today off?
congrats on your "investment" - Hopefully we all will be seeing (and shooting in) RED soon!!!
I'm not about 2 sit here and be lectured by u now. :D remember ? ily :*
We'll say its crimson, right? “: Awww! Too cute! I'll forgive you for the red...lol”
Problem solving by generations: Gen X reads instruction manual; Boomer tinkers around to find fix; Gen Y Googles it.
How only my best friend calls me lyss > <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Thanks for following back! Cool we share the same name :)
binders are due probably because they were due today for our class
All I know the other kid that's fighting mayweather better bring me a show I Dnt want to watch a fight for only to be K.O in the first round
Same here and YW. ;p RT : Happy Monday Morning Wishes and RT Thanks to
I also made a DeviantArt account. Oh boy. I've been busy!
what is the dance to?
Check me out in this week's OK magazine with Kim Kardashian's wedding details on the cover :)
I try to be nice to everyone I meet
": Endless Buffalo Wings and Cheeseburger Sliders 5:00 to close!!"And you are playing kball ?
Me: "Mom... dad.. I decided to live on my own from now on." Them: "Ok, cool." Me: "Your shit is outside."
Re: Classic Photography is not Dead. When did wedding photography become classical photography? Not dead but moribund. Let go
mine steaming-.-
Hey are there any new songs from backpackparty coming out soon? :)
I hope so! Definitely wouldn't mind playing the White Rabbit and stuffing my face with queso.
thanks bro! Its greatly appreciated <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
#rulesoftwitter if you say in your bio you'll follow back... follow through
lmao.... Oh u bogus
Thank you for the Monday morning read, always a pleasure.
Me As A Nerd ^_^
Thanks for stopping by! Happy training!
great #CollabDNA convo today, Kim. Can't thank u enough .. but I'll keep trying :)
you both need to come to my house like very soon, before break cause I wont be home!
listening to old dance songs and thinking i would literally give anything for a couple hours in the dance studio
They were there. I spent a lot of time on them.
#NowWatching Harry Potter :]
Get it girl! (;
going to crawl in a hole.
who should play Rebekah Brooks in the movie? Tilda Swinton? cheers
thx! RT: news nets often pay for cars service, meals, hotels, hair, makeup. a $3 app isn't a stretch.
Eagled a short par 4 today at Meadowbrook. Drove on, drained a 30 footer. That and I've been productive work wise.
the URL was terminated
Antique shop?
UES waiting for my lobstah roll to go. Got my root beer, salt&vinegar, and whoopie pie. Working from 12-8
Well I don't know that well I've seen her a couple times but that's about it but I do retweet the shit out of her. Happy birthday!
yeah baby how did u know
“: The proper way to peel a banana is not from the stem, but from the opposite end.” --- and I have always done this
Likewise! Thanks
tough because the cultural distinctions. Often, they'll agree and say they understand, but really... not so much
I was lost for so long, brainwashed, and held down. Feels good to be free and I'm never going back again.
just trying to make things happen and not let things happen to me,lol
Im going to get a beat machine bruh!
When Pandora doesn't work, i want to kill someone
Stop choosing favorites
I'm a student You blogged about my Beer Pong Table after Angelsn'Entrepreneurs. Permission 2 crosslink on my blog?
sorry greeny... Gotta go with Golic.
R.I.P. Junior Seau..
:-) RT : Oh nothing, just receiving emails from my mother about grammar. Apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
is throwing a gent like party at rt now....
yikes! perhaps you should get a new one, & give this one the...
Talking abt customer loyalty & why that starts with a great customer experience
ATTN all non-profits! WOM House would like to support your cause by posting your L.B.I. events for FREE! Call or E-mail us today!
Jummy??! You crack me up!! I must check this place out! You think they deliver to the hood of CI?! :p
Today sucked. I hate my school and i'm not too fond of the 2-faced girls that go there either. #homeschoollifehereicome #bleehhday :(
#France home to the next Islamo Fascist regime
I can't believe its almost here.
Chuck Norris is Luke Skywalkers' real father.
The misspelling of "cologne" as "colon" is the funniest thing that ever happens on the Internet.
Oh you. Thanks, Zo!
Its 2:04 In The Morning And I Cant Sleep !
Do not badmouth yourself or your product in a demo. If you are a bad presenter or your product sucks, it will show. LOL
Mine was funnier :P
Fac. Dev. Session (NW College) Implementation cycle - assessment plan, instruments for course design, faculty, student, tech
''Is he your poster boy for everybody you like? Larry the Cable Guy?''
Thanks for the RT !
i choose my own damn destiny!!!!! bitch u can't make decisions for me....only i can so move the fuck outta my way
Time to turn on the creative machine and turn off the social media distractions. Have a great day!
Pens v rangers at 7. $2 miller lite bottles during game
its so cliche to hate nickelback
BRCC hosts Southern University of Shreveport Saturday at 2 for women's and 4 for men!! Everybody in Baton Rouge needs to be there!!
how? all becouse i made a twitter so i could follow my husband... lmfao. o lawd. :3
You're thinking of
Wow!! That was a badass game!
I've got birds in my ear and a devil on my shoulder.
For us, the best Christmas movie of all, Diehard of course, but ID4 is still a pretty incredible guilty pleasure...
a second season, Yes!!!
Handout cites Russell et al (2007) article in Science--it's specific to STEM fields
He makes like halfcourt shots
I can't even handle that photo. :(
I'm at #Stanford for day two of the Innovation Journalism conference.
Portuguese plague remedy, 1711: "spirits of wine," mint, St. John's wort, rue, "walnut water," all distilled into liquor. I'd try it.
I don't even know how to delete tweets and I'm already spammed all day long lol. Can I ask u a favor please?
thanks for following and hello from SoCal.
When are you moving to Florida?
Get Big Go Hard or Go Home
When you getting back to the US brother?
Hau'oli La Aloha (Happy Valentine's Day)! Spread the Aloha Spirit!
Finally got my electric back!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
"When you have to choose between the truth and the legend, print the legend." Tony Wilson - Factory Records
Well then not doing any more work bring it on ap bio
We should do that sometime! Even if over skype!
Running outside in Dallas weather = bad idea.
congrats! I'm already preparing for her quinceañera.
Just heard one direction on the radio! Omgomg im crying :')
Hail really? Wow!
haha yeah it can be! & i'll talk to you another time :)
Hahaha I can't wait to see this
This is great!
RT : The best time to relax is when you don't have time for it. // Amen!
I just wanna be your forever man, roll a Peter Pan, light it up and let's hit neverland
With screening of Raising Oliver, an documentary
RT :Big game tomorrow!!! Gotta rest up a bounce back!!!!!!
Phil doesn't budge.
Meadowlands elementary student says "FLES is ammaaazzzingg...my goal is to learn another language...I learn so many new things..."
(((Annaliesje)))<~~~Awesome, both inside and out!!
So much great Magnetic Fields banter. They didn't play the 2nd verse of a new song to "save the surprise" for when we listen at home.
Don't let anybody fool you - It is hard to balance being a Father and a Pastor!
ah you are now watching your copy of The Hills Have Thighs aren't you?
Think like a MAN?!? You better think like a WOMAN!
Same to you but more of it!
TESTIMONIAL: “Just wanted to say I couldn't be happier with Fit2Go! You guys rock, I recommended my sister and tell everyone about you...
you could come to NYC and celebrate with me!
My imagination always runs free at night. :3 I love that! Then I have amazing dreams. c:
And so what if I like you? I don't think there's a problem with it.
I don't think I've ever seen a performance by that didn't give me chills.
"To live well we must have something of a scientific skill, a philosophical insight, and a spiritual conviction." - Manly P. Hall
Determining where to go for trivia night based on where the best cheese curds are.
I swear when tha Heat lose Bron Bron runs a combine speed to tha locker room...
health news
So I either have a severely sprained ankle or a broken ankle. Fun stuff.
While you all are on spring break somewhere I am in G-Wood picking up dog poop in my backyard. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
no prob. BBN gotta stick together.
Always forgive your enemies. Nothing annoys them so much.
Bout to max dis chicken
You never know! ;)
RT Derek has extensive experience with epoxy & polyaspartic coatings. acrylics & urethanes. UV cured and concrete overlays.
congrats , well deserved and more to comes, go get the ring now
"YOU BETTA PUT SOME WATER ON DAT DAMN SHIT!!!" #Friday, that part never gets old to me
RT : Shots need to start following. On the plus side I got the MTSU guys behind me pulling for
i could not agree more on this #swxengage. often the rush to join multi-channels blinds objectives, goals, strategy + integration
that's so wrong lol
Hi Grandma I Like 2 Say Happy Birthday N I Love U So Much We Will Meet Again K Love U
If she was on a maroon Schwinn wearing ridiculously tall heels, it was probably me.
I am currently in a rather foul mood to say the least.
Speaking of which, how is it that I don't know more dogs named Barksdale?
is there any more room for me in those jeans girl?
It's been a rough few days but the prayers and support I am getting from my family is Amazing!
Thanks - I don't rouch splenda or nutrasweet either. Was thinking for my kids - autism - GREAT product otherwise!
absolutely! Excited to see great things coming your way! :-)
it's leaking into your tweets too, I see.
the phrase "step on it before you cut it" only applies to beats. Hahah.
was my ex saying that shit again? God damn her.
Hello Tweeters. Who has the most interesting tweets? I'm not a spammer or a robot just someone wanting to grow his account. #follow me
SO excited to talk to Ruth from e-comm boutique champers starting at $40? yes, please.
Tonight's #Preds game seemed more like a #Titans game. False hope.
Woot! Woot! UK parents, counselors + teachers just set a sales record for Turnaround this week! Thanks for spreading the news about us!
This game has such big ramifications off the court for those 2 programs & great story lines on the court. Enjoy the Final 4.
#FF Follow the ridiculously ridiculous
kiss him in the rain<3
And real friends will actually answer that one.
We are excited about the new release in less than a week. FUN FUN FUN music!!
My students teach ME as much as I teach them sometimes! Constant living/learning!
yeah someone warned me but I didn't believe it but god damn!!!!
Play like you're the best. Practice like you're in second place.
I will.
I wanted to see Green Lantern but the guy that plays him looks like a goofball, don't think I could take it seriously.
I <3 making money.
Our breath is a direct reflection of our state of mind.
I wish my neighbors would send their kids to boarding school somewhere VERY VERY VERY far away!
What is James Harden feeding that beard mane..I bet he got sum vicious hairbumps
NP: Britney Spears - Baby One More Time
most def hahaha. (admit it. I sounded like a black man)
What a sad era when it is easier to smash an atom than a prejudice." Albert Einstein
English dept. movie out for Hunger Games?!?!
Tell the one you Love that you Love them before someone else will .
The gear no longer has the "go back to old version" option for me :-(
OH: I looked at it with horrified fascination.
When was the last time HE was on basic cable? Lol “: in fact, i imagine no one was more upset to see "feat. cee-lo" than gipp.”
Why do our toes make us giggle inside, when we look down and wiggle them? I don't think there is anyone in this world who won't agree w/this
Can't wait dood! May 3rd!
I'm supposed to be working on my English papers for Ms.Noda, but i'm on Twitter & Tumblr so....
thank you
I want to move to Fondy after hearing about their vision for 1:1 technology and learning...
IDOLA Follow Me please
“: McDonald's is poison to your stomach”tasty poison
Dodging the issue may be politically expedient but I find it unimpressive in the extreme. And I'm not even sure it's expedient.
i thought it was Rex!!!!!! never doubted you for a second
RT Congrats to alum winning WPT Main Event Title and $1.4 million
Welcome back!
Good for them. Maybe if they weren't just concerned with money, they'd be able to win another one.
TODAY! 11 am-1 pm Campus Martius. Good food! Eat it!
also, john axford's gonna be there -- i hope the film stops w/ 10 mins left & he comes in to finish telling the story in stunning fashion.
Terror of Mechagodzilla.
and here is a six one: be in love with a native spanish speaker...)
COOKIN BREAKFAST FOR LUNCH TOMORROW. CAN'T WAIT! HAHA
Ah Nathan gave me two blissful days off. Thank you Best Boss Ever
Shout out to my girl for making the Huffington Post's "7 Sites You Should Be Wasting Time On Right Now"
Omg congested but I'm mad u didn't invite me lol I still fam right
": These hoes out here thinking STD stands for "Suck that dick!!""
Oh I dare. GIN4LYFE. Also, Bourbon trumps scotch.
Omg all the nurses are in loovee with me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Today is the first day of the rest of my life. So thankful. :)
Some people need to stfu and go sit down and have a coke and a smile
Listening to Not Just You By One Of My Favorite Songs And I Know Ala the lyrics and i heard it yesterday luv it
oh yes, it was busy after dark!! hope you had a good 4th!
Boy, if the Celtics could turn back time in this game...they would go back to 2008 when they weren't old & could hit a three point shot.
The Smile.jpg/Smile.dog story was the worst scary story i've ever read. Do NOT waste your time reading it.
“: LA tonight. The Mint. Come on down,do a bunch of gack, pitch your screenplay ,be seen,,rock the fuck out"
If you are not going to follow me I will unfollow. Simple as that.
you mean "snap, mate." Nice.
o how i do #WishIWereAsGoodAsYou -__- maybe one day maybe one day
Hell yeah family ..That's how us Thugs Do it...,
Not ready for #SATtest in the morning.. Freaking out.. #fb prayer please?
follow me please? Huge fan since 2010 from NY, love you <3
ive been trying to convince my parents to let me get a husky for a year now...
what up pretty woman...bin a minute....congrats on the project...follow me
When u work out, if you have long hair, you tie it up right??? I was at the gym & so many grls had their hair down, mine would get so tangld
so did magic too bro
sound good to me!!
Buy your Mar 25-27 Baltimore Salsa Fest full passes for only $110 on 3/11 @ Salsa Block Party. Details www.baltimoresalsablog.com
you're a monster.
I know:)
I love your abundant yogi videos on youtube. Thanks for the amazing info! I hope to work with you one day very soon. Namaste.
i've benn made 10 accounts and vote for u :D
I want (&to effect) macro-level change but only see micro-level opportunities. But I have to do something Cant watch tv & wait (2/2)
An outdoor rollar skating venue in NYC w/music, food + beer? Awesome! #TheHighLine Rink + Lot. W. 30th at 10th Ave.
Come out & chill at the after party with me , #Juicy & #MeekMill after he shut it down at the Drake concert & have a good time on May 22nd !
Sleep is for the weak .. and those without caffeine.
I request the list of things that 'make humanity worse'. War? Genocide? Puppy mills? Wearing leather?
Sunny and in the 50's for Saturday...Looks like nachos loaded with jalapenos,onions,salsa, & ? We will be @ Clackamas High School till 7PM
lol thanks its ben a while
life is so crazy you got to sit back and enjoy the good shit.
We don't see eye to eye on this one. I can't stand Apple.
electroservices thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I'm so happy to finally be smiling and laughing, after the past 5 roughest days of my life
We are to it should be a Very Fun Night!! May 20 we hope everyone gets there tickets! We will be selling some at the door!
Bravo inspections, and weigh ins :/
Damn, we should have...We dropped the ball...Sorry
In line for The Avengers round 2.
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Dick Clark in his dead form.
you're so funny!!
already packing for Florida!! #toosoon?
The Ribhut was off the hook last night! I ate so many Ribs they could of build an addition with all the rib bones. I woke up with my bib on!
yo how is that contest going
RT : You own everything that happened to you. If people wanted you to write warmly about them, they should've behaved better.
Sad news for Beastie Boys fans. RIP MCA. :'(
Since when does our nation let 1 religion dictate who we are, what we should think, and what we are allowed to do with our bodies? #REALLY?
You walk away. I walk away
babe im sorry. please forgive me. haha
Malesky has one of my dream jobs. Love librarians!
hey can u plz follow me I WILL FOLLOW BACK I just need more followers cause twitter wont let me follow anyone til i got mor
I am always scandalous and unwholesome.
I most certainly did ;)
oh chumbawamba! We actually listened to most of 'tubthumper' the other day
We will start on the development of the Brio! Autograph Alto! Can't wait! Then Saturday will be her clinic at Woodwind Brasswind!
Wow, what a statistic!
Rule #4: know the costs.
got his ass crossed ova today at the gym by me and blamed it on his jump man shoes.
#BurritoInBed ... nice! RT : Been home with a terrible toothache all day, but is bringing me a burrito! YAY!!
“: what time
"People with many interests live, not only longest, but happiest." George Matthew Allen
i was going to send you an email about the concords but you probably got bombarded with emails hahah so i didnt bother lol
At cassell with skylar and megan....go to hang with megan again...haven't hung out with her sense November
Hey, I think I know this guy! Hehe.
OMG! Yall They Changed My Due Date To Nov.5,2011! If I Dont Go Into Labor By Then I Will Be Enduced On Monday !
bahaha i guess twitter sees all
The Industry Is Punks
hangin out with :)
Three words for the new Star Trek movie: It was awesome!
Tweeting helped out with the loss, can't wait to see you guys in New Orleans next year. meant #YOTTO for now.
yu need to fly yo ass to New York!
There is a startling lack of shirts in that pic!
“: If godfather is reason 3, can't wait to see the top 2! Been too long, crew, pumped for tomorrow!”
Oh.. Having no clue what is, I thought it was somewhere else I could get liquored up & watch baseball
": Wow ok u even bundled up in Sactown..haha!" Yes! It's freezing here! Well...freezing for us! Lol
hellz yea!!! Slamming drinks at the pool!!!
how do you
indeed, its could certainly be worse... :)
Ready for every day to be "pool day" - maybe should start the beach countdown!
For my next animated infographic I'm going to experiment with the same coloring techniques as the show Chowder from Cartoon Network
Same people I would do anything for. Just erase the Karen, and add Brandon.
ERRATA Correction on previous tweet today's #senate #finance committee testimony was for #SB884 not
I want to show all the great things going on with incredible customer service, and yet the scary, with privacy concerns and big brother
Warrior Sports Manufactures Lacrosse Gear Domestically
Force is all-conquering, but its victories are short-lived.
WE ARE BACKK!
Also used to listen to another young prof complain about teaching but had sympathy b/c he taught in DC & Baltimore.
Getting ready for some outdoor work, yippee! :)
why you in PA?
hooray! I'll be sure to grab a bottle of wine on my way home. You know, to celebrate ;)
Browsing the Mystic Outdoor Art Festival this morning - I am looking into applying for a booth for next year!
So another game in just 12 hours. Guess who's going? Me!
umm no ima need u to fall back 10 steps thats mine:)
The #PHOG knows no bounds.
RT : Ready for the #mmtcforum re: looming spectrum crunch & why communities of color should care
"you cant be grown making childish decisions..." - Tierra Lee lol
I got one of those from also.. ": Just to be clear. I did NOT hear something bad about you. #hackerstink!"
THANK YOU!!!
Sending Miss off to Spain the right way.
UGH . only 4 more weeks of school(:
Devon Harris could have gone to jail for that in California. Lucky he's in Oregon.
Had a catchup talk with my bf and then a FaceTime catchup with my bfgf . Simply said,
Going to hit the glow in the dark golf ball
Do you have e-Racer?
Headed to #vegas in 3 weeks! First time ever!
Call Me Maybe? ;)
Happy anniversary man! Been a lifelong fan of the pack, and it's so awesome my wife and I celebrate 1 year tomm. Get a RT?
Rent a car and visit the Hoover Dam.
The Redskins just brought 3 new wide receivers... Its shopping season for Daniel Snyder. Black Card swipe, swipe...
RT : any knicks fans on the TL? follow our radio show - they're knicks fans too lol! great show as well!
Why is every effing on-ramp closed to get on 94-W from downtown?
OMG! I own the exact same t-shirt! Got it for $9.99 at Urban Outfitters!
nice, hows school going?
If you don't think farting is funny, fuck you.
I didn't know the lucky one is now a movie! And Zac efrons in it?
IM GORILLA GLUING THIS STUFF! He's gonna learn to love him.
THank you, Richard! You rock :D
Us too! Cheers from Smith
Whoa...that looked a lil like a horsecollar there, Pacer boy.
Thank goodness for - he is asking all of the follow-up questions I am asking in my head.
lol yea she tried to take my phone frm me
If my cat had a voice she would sound that Sally Fields.
Actually had a good night, with and everybody else!
RT :vHollywood??!! For real?? :) >>>>Thanks - It is being looked at! All they need to do is read the book!
work is great, and loving the logo
I'll tell you mom and dad 0_o
Wow i havent been on here in a while lol
oh i see how it is anywhos this friday i better see ya
Celebrating my 30th birthday in style. Wishes for the next year: healthy, happiness, prosperity, and lottsa love in my life.
OH when 8yo daughter started homework tonight: "let the magic begin!"
At church Sunday school now but I'm expecting a move of the Lord on today
Hey “: Lookin for some punk rock. Tatted cool individuals. Men woman for a jean shoot tomorrow. Any takers?"
Trying to figure out the difference between pain and discomfort.
Have you made your Valentine's Day plans yet? Book our Exhale Spa package to include a Spa Pedicure & Yoga Class for your special someone!
q1. you've recently worked for employers without functioning webmail!?! q2. webmail is preferable to actual mail protocols: when?
Winning is about heart, not just legs. It's got to be in the right place. -Lance Armstrong
Can you PLEASE follow me??? It would mean ALOT (:
I seriously need to catch up on Gossip Girl, I've already missed so much.
Thank you so much, Ann!! Have a great day too! :-)
Casey Gwinn Back? When did that happen?
Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Going to the May 25th game at Target Field, because who doesn't love fireworks?
Debating whether or not to read "IT" but then again I don't wanna read a book with all of my fears put in 1.
Love some of 50 Cent's work but mentioning HBK in a lyric isn't news. Maybe NEWZ but not news.
yall look alike
Tweeting mode... Monster with this keypad..boi! lol
Thanks! We think the metallic designs will be very popular. We are planning many chrome & gold designs coming soon!
no tears in those beautiful eyes, please. I love you tons, and I won't be happy until you are, too.
Good seein y'all at
Congrats to our partners at (note new Twitter handle) -- great follow for anyone who loves #Milwaukee sports!
Okay, I'm done quoting random song lyrics lmfao
my weather app says its going to rain
It is said that if you let something go and it returns, it was always yours to begin with
I don't want my opinions to do that. That's the moral issue. My opinions shouldn't affect you and yours shouldn't affect me.
I need to sleep but those last 3 files to grade are doing everything but scream at me. I am so tired.
its nice to be single but its not good when your x is wanting to know why your hanging out with other boys !!!
How's the Merchant's Holiday Open House going?
For the last time this is not a G-Shock
Damn, my cab driver is pretty hot! Wow!
I eas laughing so hard at everything
SB45 Biz Lesson # 19: Build Networks that promote your team.
Thanks for the reminder!
What the heck was LeBron doing with his tongue?
Don't forget that Monday is Kid's Night at Smashing Tomato! from 6-8 we have crafts and games for the kids and Kid's Meals are only $1.99!
Shit bout to get real tomorrow at school.
"Ollie's is like Steak N Shake for gays" -dc
Elmo finally met his long-lost brother: Emo.
my favorite +1 so far "The +Instagram app sucks on Android. It looks like an Ios app"
In my Kevin Hart voice. Keep fucking up.... YOU GONNA LEARN TODAY!!!!!!
Not going to floss my teeth tonight.
we would love to join you in your radio/tv show! We also have several amazing comedians that we can feature!
is debating over LP or EP
Ugh I better get a raise soon then. Haha. Well when are you coming down here? Let's do a weekend of looking soon!
Jewelry Haul Premier Designs - premier designs jewelry
That moment when you're so close to hitting the minimum for your paper, but still have TONS to write.
I want a sandwich of nutella...
RT : RT : Just arrived at Pearl presser- and they are serving barbecue // Too funny!
She said she wants #YOLO tatted on her.....so im done
Very true :/ RT : It's sad when the people who gave you the best memories, become a memory.
yea, we got to fix that lol
Get inspired by a yummy cupcake today from 3-4p.m. You deserve a little treat!
Their main articles haven't been as good as they used to be. I think they may have gotten too big and that has led to a decline in quality.
Libraries should be designed for interactive, experiential, social engagement w/students
Just saw another car right in front of me hit another car!! Ran a red light and broadsided them! Wowzerz
RT Just confirmed my tix for tribute to Ray Charles on 3/25. So excited. I love the Arts in my city!
I've seen these Lexus Christmas commercials countless times and I remain stunned at just how tone-deaf and obnoxious they are.
Hahaha Ryan Gray just got a close-up on #Raw Supershow. He's front row folks.
Getting to roll heading towards Portland. Passed some sleeping, only heard 1 bike on the road. C if I can make up time
lol ima learn how to be a player like you bol You my new teacher
I like the DEEP cuts!
Our kids dont know sometimes that us parents act like we don't care but sit in our rooms crying for them.
#OWIF: Randyl won't step on the pier b/c it was made with public money. We threw him onto the rocks & now he's all cut up.
Were having a Party!! A Twitter Party introducing the contributors of Dr. Mommy & Friends..join us NOW! #DrMommy&Friends
my iPhone app, just like last year, was too glitchy.
Soon lovey. Miss you! We must talk soon!
oh ok good.... Wait, I'm sure you pick it.
what do you have mind mr?
< bone that is in an odd spot, so they cant fix it & I have to rest for at least the next 10 days otherwise an infection could >
nah Mr. Romo stayed in texas
Time for a day time job and then editing tonight, looking forward getting few sessions done. I need more hours to be in a day!!!
Beautiful people in the room. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Good morning everyone!
I'm twenty now but somehow I don't feel any older...
"I thought that was meredith"- Papa G. 2 minutes later... "Hey I didn't know Meredith was here!"- brennas brother.
s/o thx now followin u
what hotel are you staying at?
Spent time catching up on #TUFLive last night. Great storytelling. Improved presentation and pace over the debut episode.
Sex - Chris Brown (;
I wouldn't have cared if you werent being so arrogant about yourself. Lol. Love you!
tx:-)) Have a great day!!
When people say i have an attitude problem.. maybe I have a personality u can't handle.
K.O.D
If u wanna marry mb RT this all for the mb fans
Sounds very cool !
Seating in the back of the class where there is a plug to charge ur phone is the best thing about school xD
Mrs. Pacman, The greatest prostitute in history. For 25 cents, she would swallowed balls until she died.
Dear airport security, My body is a weapon. What now? Sincerely, Chuck Norris. !
Its dying fast ):
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 13
RT Director of Public Relations for Regence Healthcare, Joseph Hill: We are resigning from
Omg why did I retweeted that ?!-.- fml I'm not 2 inches on hard... Lmfao I hate my phone so much
“: Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your gold and good health have vanished. - Og Mandino”
Thank god I'm not at school today.
I really enjoy posts.Always inspiring others to be the best leader they can be.You are a true leader!
Wow this wk is flying by! Changes taking longer than expected - stay tuned fellow tweeters :)
Martini Kitchen...930<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
No problem Andy! I'm good. Been busy w/ family stuff lately but I'm back to work today :) How've you been?
#ThingsThatYouShouldKnow The world is so azz backwards
No and no.
Welcome - Thanks to all followers. Go DU!
First day of summer and its 60 degrees outside....
Omg I missed my twitter so much
MARISSA THINKS SHE'S SLICK
He's Talking Wreckless!
You know you're really an academic when u have 2 arm wrestle yourself NOT 2 work on a beautiful Sat nite,even tho u have tenure.
Why did Beyonce say "to the left, to the left" ? Because women have no rights.
life is a blessing
always got the inside track?
Oomf Messaged Me Last Night.
dm your number
Rehab the Photo Shoot will take place on May 26 in BEVERLY HILLS & on VENICE BEACH =)
Watching bait car!
good evening ppl .
Thanks Mr. Stafford.
#WhatILoveMost Having more swag than everyone
updated my website. seannolteedwards.com
I think that's fine and poss. understandable. Would help your appeal to clarify. I dismissed when I got the email months ago.
I enjoyed #urbanreset. Thanks and everyone for a great event. Now going offline for sushi.
Dear Addictions, Why Am I So Addicted To You? You Make Me Crave You For More. I Cant Go On Without You. When I Taste You Im Happy. Idk Why?
and I are meatballs :) <U+2665>
Final score: 5-H8-5s 108, Rottenchesters 60! Thanks go out to all the fans, refs, NSOs and volunteers for your support!
I agree! They are disgusting & very ghetto!
Youre not being negative just brutally honest. Its awesome
when under attack RT :Ann Romney: "Women were being referred to as spec interest grp & I thought, really, only DC could do that."
enjoy your night.
Profound insight.
Murder charge brought in Trayvon Martin case
Hey! Its woof weds so come by to check out the new Walkewoo collars, leashes & harnesses
is on the radio
You're my everything.
If you're looking to hire a contemporary jazz group I'm local - in Gilbert (see next tweet for links)
Neon Trees- Everybody Talks<U+2665>
RT : With American Airlines stock at 20 cents, I can't decide between paying for two checked bags or buying half the company.
girls taking pictures in their bikinis lol #attentionwhores #slut #$mh
Sagues: 4 out of 10 students do last minute test prep on their smart phones
I wish my male friends keep all their bitches in check if I'm not talkin to you MIND YA MUTHAFUCKIN BUSINESS BITCH!!!!
The crappy part of being the rhythm section on you own recordings...
- My favorite is online media.
Good night people so exosted (sorry for spelling) night love I Hope I wake up tomorrow with at least 30 or40 followers please shutouts
RT : Machine guns mixes with roses outside Oslo Court House. Illustrates post-22/7 mantra–show love, but never naïvety.
yea they did it before too, I was like my mom just payed the bill lol. They took it off Idk why that always happens.
If your talking bad behind my back your in a good position to kick my ass.
Thank you so much. It's good to be informed...I truly appreciate it!
just LinkedIn my contact info to you
that moment you're so PISSED huugee tearss jus fall from your eyess and it feels like someone PUNCHED you in your throat hard as they can!
can't wait to watch and my #indiana #hoosiers defeat #michiganstate today! GO BIG RED!
#andypoll: Is Amazon a threat to libraries? If so, how so? If not, why not? Answer & RT please
heck, cold
It's funny how soft Chris Bosh is
hahaha. I was the same way! And now, I'm obsessed with Boo... and may even have a Boo calendar in the office. ;-)
Really? RT The greatest to be released tomorrow thanks for the memories Peyton!
when the competition is good I don't mind letting them know
Just dropped $10k on a great home in Mayer; check out the vid: www.youtube.com/results150to299
I would like to help at you NYC event. Please contact me. I also want to talk to you about how my partners and I can do an event.
Saying "you're becoming just like your mom" to your girlfriend only works as a compliment on Mother's Day.
Well, thanks - appreciate it!
If it's downtown Cleveland, how will you be able to tell?
damn that sux. Sorry =\
they are paying him 27 mil to be on the field, not be a coach, so if he's trying to get better, I understand.
I'm really excited for you and your AI journey. All the best. You deserve it!
someoen tweeted Bout a signing at old orchard mall foskglfnajdjkxkgms
I admit it... I have a soft spot for The TTs...
hey i love you alot
Don't read history, make it.
Just saw highlights for end of Celtics game. Love it. Garnet sets moving/illegal screens roughly 87% of possessions. Bout time it's called
we miss you more!!!!
Bitches Will Hate. Why Dont You Go Hand Out Condoms Or Something.
Today's BTU inspiration: "What I am looking for is not out there, it is in me." ~Helen Keller
Imagine during Madonna's performance Broderick comes out in a Honda and you start hearing that great guitar riff.
So glad to hear it! Thanks for visiting us!
Doing good. How are you doing?
nigel will message you in a lil while, he said he misses you </3
I like what I'm hearing about how NXT/FCW is being handled.
flordia friday? heck yeah!
I wish I was athletic .
just because there are rumors out there that I #manscape doesn't mean I'm less hetero, or does it?
"DeeTa we Look SO good together today!"
#UWsocial efforts only started in '09, has since grown exponentially! Shows power of persistence and compelling content!
...and I thought I was running late, wake up at 8:20 am, walk into my 9:30 class with 15 min to spare! Ninja.
Thanks for taking the time to read my book. Hope all is well with you! r, John
did you throw it down on the floor when you were finished and demand another?
: thank you, thank you! <3
is it weird if I wanna watch?
Good morning LA.
Paul and Anthony at the Jukebox tomorrow night around 930.
just one RT if u are a belieber !
Cc shirt Busted Common Man! Lol
jajaja soy la bebe de Justin :P
im with my friends now, so I'll tell you when I'm home and you can tell me(:
People have been fooling themselves into thinking money equals happiness for thousands of years.
What are your favorite apps for the I-phone?
oh my goodness i cant wait!! i luv watching them guys on Tv!
dig deep!
Strange feeling that Justin Bieber is running headlong into a massive personal crisis.
#ThingsUNeed2KnowAboutIslam is it teaches us not to judge cuz only Allah can judge
I hate females with dirty finger nails
#itsfunnyhow I beat you at your own game.
deleted it ha
#SleeplessCrew except I nap on occasion 0:)
Thanks for the shout out's. Very much appreciated.
super nes bro. And trivial pursuit...a real thinking mans game
yay :) i love you austin <3 forever and always.
League of Legends is a go :)
That's mean ;)
Anyone know of any other athletes giving away Super Bowl tickets? I am prepared to beg and remove whatever dignity I have left.
Get with the times mom, I was texting my grandma this morning! haha ;)
Lmao.. Thts the funniest shit ever lolRT My mom love Brian Mcknight i wonder if i should let her here is new song
Our new contest this week in the office is Guess My Playlist. Which songs would NOT make your playlist?
you're in muncie?!?
30mins I will be on stage with Bridget Barkan Lounge 215 Houston ave.
I'm hiding from because I have neglected our love affair and don't want to face the reality that he might have moved on
Watching the boxing match between Cotto & Mayweather !
...if that last tweet is true....you dont know how excited ill be... but ill wait for the official confirmation.
Waa, waa, waa! Alright I got it out. I'll stop being a baby now.
thanks so, so much for the RT:) Have a super weekend!
I always knew Ryan Braun was an asshole.
When you made sure the dogs are fed but forget to feed yourself
let em know sugar...nana on demand with a blunt in my hand...#childplease to the man...stay 100 sugar
thanks bro
My spelling is getting worse and worse as I get older. I blame computers or as I’ll say in 2 years “I blam campooturs.”
it seems to work for Mass.
Man, not eating for me is hard. Like how the fuck do people not get hungry all the time?
but mad med is SO good!!
Nearly 50 people here tonight @ 2800 N. Milwaukee Ave. in Chicago for Still got time to swing by & meet
Thank you!! “: Had been spitting #truth all day!! #loveit”
When is that line broken when your parents let you cuss is it like a mutual agreement at the age of like 17?
And the Yankees won... So proud of that team.... Dem mah bois!! Haha
I love my fish
give me the link (:<
Saw Old Mayor Dailey at lunch today. More importantly, saw and
So ready to get a new car :))
High scoring first day - ET in sole possession of first place with an amazing 15 of 16
crosspoint...dedicated to bringing people to Christ and helping individuals scale the side of buildings. It has a good ring.
is watching Dancing with the stars !!!!! Go
I agree, perl is more diy versus ruby's prefab approach. Have you every seen a flatpak home? google it, #perl is like that.
Ouch. Tough loss, but great effort by the tonight.
: all good pimp!
Gorgeous weather in Del Mar for Mother's Day lunch w/ Mom and baby sis, missing tho (besos Handi, you missed funny stories!)
That's cool too.
I don't understand why some people feel their own beliefs are threatened if others have the ability to do something different
If you want to recapture your youth, just cut off his allowance. - Al Bernstein
Fast Cars & Faster Women foo !!!
SERIOUS QUESTION: Does anyone know anyone in the porn industry (production, acting, etc.), especially in LA? This is urgent and important.
Havent been on all week :/ school has taken over :(
Aw shuckss, I was trying so hard too
Its hard tryna make it even if you got family already in the music biz
well, if you don't count Nikki Haley. Give her time...yeah, that's all I got.
there's a saying that gingers don't have souls...can't believe you never heard of that.lol
Driver in silver Jeep cv7-s800 decided to turn the wrong way on one way Lavaca and almost head on into me. Thank u for my stroke.
literally what the fuckkkk
Oh The Blood! It Will Never Loose Its Power!
RT : Faith is when you take the 1st step, When you can't see the whole staircase.
Twitter what's poppin? I haven't really been on here like that in a minute.
The final destination moves are SO much better when dubbed in Japanese... Hahaha I'm dying right now...
Jon Miller and Joe Morgan are terrible in the booth. they point out the most obvious shit. can't wait till game's back on SNY.
I'm warm...I'll hold you.
Go Coyotes, beat the overrated Blackhawks in the playoffs.
it is the welsh word for welsh...:)
caitlin is right!!! She's the master of this!!
oh thats good. well i hope you find someone to buy them. (: how close are they?
ignore love and get rich. the most purest love in your life will be expensive. make sure you can afford her...
what's good girl?! Been a bit since class-hope all is well. Thanks again for keepin' an eye out for me!
#FBSci ambient awareness!! Surround yourself with successful people and it will wear off on you
My computer decided to restart in the middle of a Target online shopping spree. Should I be taking this as a sign?
TOUCHDOWN BEARS
Correctly guess the score of tonight's Monday Night Football game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots for a free...
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to.
Being lazy and prolly take a nap. Then it's time to get ready for an evening out!!
haahahaha I know I am! You're jealouss
agreed. way too much going on, which is an awesome predicament.
Shoutout to for retweeting my tweet follow them!
Yea Im so far behind on everything and i dont even drink 6 nights a week
error de dedo
Sometimes too much stress can kick your butt! Home sick today. Mostly just exhausted. It's so hard for me to slow down. :(
I have a new girlfriend?
<U+2640>The more you hide your feelings, The more they show. The more you deny your feelings, The more they grow<U+2640>
hi kitten
I'm just crazy,that's me :P
At aj bombers. Buffalo chicken custom. Yummy. Woo Hoo.... You know it am here.
#100kshirts read worldvision's post. Talk abt missing the point. They r Dumping goods. #pointless Trade & econo empowerment: would b better
Today has been an amazingly unforgettable day. When you work hard days like to today will happen often
your first one!
|#quotes The good things take care of themselves. We want to find all the negatives.
melted over lobster ravioli
Is Alonzo Mourning able to suit up?
I suspect that controlled, internal combustion works better for a car
Life is a matter of SURVIVAL...one must take stock of what they have and do the best with what they have been given...WITH GRATITUDE!
pls follow so I can dm
I'd totally volunteer as tribute
If you won a grammy you don't need a WAMI!
& He Say I Stay With The Shit , BUT He Never Try To Fix Shit .
Um, how do you tweet an umlaut? Let's all cooperate here.
& why are there all Jonas Brother songs trending right now
Getting flooded right now in SF.
I'm drunk and dancing
#Rewind2011 was #awesome! Let's review, I got a #smartphone and too!
Want to hear more about our event!? Make sure to listen to the Wild Canyon Games interview on KPAM 860 on Saturday, Feb. 13th at 11am!
brilliant summary by Joe there
Like our Page for a chance to win a $50 Dibbs card...Yes, it's that simple! Click and Win!
hahaha you ain't a nerd? I coulda swore you was a nerd.
In honor of Arts & Humanities Month, visit an old teacher and ask her to share a memory about your class.
I'd go with "strikes your fancy."
Never been so heated in my life as I was today. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I can't believe that in exactly one year, I'll be preparing to go to HIGH SCHOOL. But for now, I'll have to survive 8th grade tomorrow.
widows are problematic!
Marketing agency then? Is there a type of job or company you're targeting?
It's just let's all 'hate nancy' day. Smh.
Having a craving for BBQ & missing my ATX fam...(sigh)
Going to school :-) and see if i going to be in the gt (gifted and talend)
Is instagram worth downloading? I just been refusing to download that shit.
6-2...looking forward to a summer of baseball
Volunteered in the kids classroom yesterday- 1st kid, "multiplication is fun!" 2nd kid, "yea, fun like swimming with sharks!"
It's Good Friday and that means Good Fish Fry! Where will you go night for a fish fry?
Friday afternoon traffic! Ugh.
Band practice went well! Hopefully even better this Sunday :D
sorry I never saw this!! We went to a dinner at a banquet hall :)
From : Thought of the day - I and the public know what all school children learn, Those to whom evil is done Do evil in return.......
Made some kind of "twistake" 2day. Out of the blue, I've been followed by 4 Spanish-language accounts wanting 2 send me daily Bible verses.
Appearance @ the hilton 7pm in the penthouse ..countyline rd..jackson,ms
Heading to Seattle for about a week. Any restaurants I should not miss?
I changed my username. I was xbeautifulme aka picklesgomez
Whether you prefer your Heidi Montag enhanced or au naturel, there's something for everyone if the Heidi sex tape ever hits the market. TMZ
Just in case you have not bought your sweetie a vday sweet, we are open until 4!
Jazz Pick of the Day – Artist: Robert Glasper – Title: Double-Booked – Label: Blue Note – Year: 2009 - Favorite Track – No Worries
i dig it...DM me the time and where?
Lmao I like how the guy I work with waited for me to walk away to say some flirty shit.
prepare yourself for a bunch of Avocados
Would you like a sample chapter of Rocket Risks? I am making a PDF of the "Challenges" chapter available for free. Reply or DM for your copy
Last night I watched a movie called Philadelphia starring Denzel and Tom Hanks ... Who seen it ?!?
we are at shootaround and if you give us tix we'll totally dance crazy with you!
to skinny for me
Meet and Greet tomorrow afternoon in Washington Heights!
Secret in city change: "giving people their rightful place, helping people to feel valued, that they matter, and they have a stake in city"
DeSales, New Philadelphia regional final has new time, location - ThisWeekNews DeSales, New Philadelphia regional final has new time, loc
what's to correct, you're punk rock and totally true! I'm a fan of ur music but mostly your in ur face honesty..just sayin' Peace
Nice thighs, Nice waist, and you know I can't forget about your face. But don't none of that matter...~Strip by Chris Brown !
I'm not completely sure, but I think I'm feeling better.
TY you for your support! RT : Big events Thurs&Friday.Book signings, parties, design panels galore!
hope it was/is helpful (rather than, I don't know, cynical or caustic to the soul)!
NEW LIBRARY hours: TUESDAYS 3-6 p.m. all summer. Meet the librarian!
just stay away from the south loop and most of downtown and u should be ok. Basically stay by Wrigley. Lol
Say Yes To The Dress, this new episode is so emotional! You get me everytime!!
The time we've been waiting for has finally come upon us, rejoice, Rush fans, for it is 2112.
Man you are harder to get a hold of than president Obama
National Holistic Pet Day is coming up soon... do you know what it means to have a holistic pet?
Can't believe I bonked heads with ' brother tonight. It hurt and was quite embarrassing. Haha.
Yes pls! The many rabid fans you have here grow restless already. RT : I have to write my speech soon, don't I?
You must be on spring break.
About to release some new music in the next few weeks
I just saw The Three Stooges! Funniest movie ever!
that list is not in order.
Watching trueblood I'm getting tired of my cell I need a new one asap!
how about now?
RT : yip, been down all day.
#WineWednesday! What is being poured tonight ?
Naperville for the day then back in time for #jazz at lilly's tonight with and the gang.
3 tests were collected in MKE that day, chance they were inadvertantly mislabled? I do think Braun is innocent of PED use
Good one. : A4: I would take statistics, as is increasingly important skill to #measurepr as data continues to increase
Chill with me for a minute (;
#Scrippshealth cardiologist Dr.#Erictopol on The Today Show tomorrow 7:30-8 talking about former Vice Prez. Dick Cheney's heart transplant.
So I can be fingerprinted and photographed but can't communicate or record in customs hall. I don't feel good about this.
OT OT OT
We look forward to seeing you! RT : I'm going to Dead Sea Scrolls & the Bible! See you there!
“: wanna go to miamii! :(” come to south beach
Shaping up to be a long night. Meeting just called to order. 75 ppl have signed up to address board, 3 minutes a piece.
women calling men boys is a misdemeanor. men calling women girls is a felony.
Fear and Loathing In WhoVille
I will don't you worry. Got to let them rest a bit. This #texas heat is a killer :)
#SometimesIGetsickof not seeing you the whole day...
RT : The lesson you are meant to learn from letting go of the pain is much greater than whatever caused it.
Defending their intolerance some (i.e. Luther) claim God as "no respecter of persons." they 4get God is neither a "disrespecter of persons!"
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.” -Mae West
Stop swallowing your words......
makes amazing apparel! Our favorite tees to print on by far. We cannot say enough good things about the quality and company.
producer come fuck with the team..ha
today's scones are off the hook!
And the salsa man dances!
Before I speak, I have something important to say -- Groucho Marx
What kind of tie does a pig wear ? Pig's tie !
I'll have to play with it. Doing dinner Sunday. Perhaps I'll use it then.
#ThrowBackSongs Trey songz can't help but wait.
Who just sang Coal Miner's Daughter? Blew me away.
“: "dare to focus...the eraser is more powerful than the pen" #NSVFSummit”
Good stripe for #LadyInBlack doing her thing.
And we are off to see Long county.
Thanks for the tweetin' love Cincinnati!!!
FT's look huge now
Good for you, sister.
The 80's had the best music.
get back to bmore. Need some Willies Song in my life.
Stuck in the San Juan airport. Why is this happening so much recently when I fly?
lmao ijs do u put shit on a plate n eat it
Im a few fries short of a Happy Meal. <3
Although He Plans to Retire, Detroit Pistons Center Ben Wallace Has Another Year of Productive Basketball Left in His ...
u stay in touch too. #2waystreet lol
I think my "Chicks" playlist has removed any doubt
Taking out the trash when it's so cold the nuggets in your nose freeze, NOT FUN. What cold weather chore do you hate?
there is only room for one butthaver in MKE and you have the honor.
What it do ? Followback
#icantgoadaywithout hearing his voice or seeing his face!
follow back :)
RETWEET IF YOU LOVE PARTYING
No when Abby goes to see the music producer..I don't want to spoil it haha
everything is hazy...merrrr my head is all woozy
I have access to over 700 properties for sale across the US at deeply discounted prices. Bought in bulk passing savings on to you!
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds. -Gordon B. Hinckley
#Senses Ws Live
really. How come?
Hit ur boy back with a follow Tom!! Its Ryno...
that's awesome!
that's awesome, where did u find that?
#inmiddleschool all the guys were UGLY
snow leopard: opinions? i have not read up or paid attention yet.
lol yep. actual dude. kind of a big deal.
Training Truth: Workouts are for adaptation, not annihilation.
Stuffed French Toast for breakfast
peach cobbler w/ bacon might b good!
Have a nice night. The hotel thing sounds like a mini-vacation just a little way from your apartment.
While I am reading 50 pages in this very hard and very confusing book, I would LOVE to receive about 7383626 very sweet and loving texts :)
mags were dropped of today.look fantastic! got Yoko Ono and Michael Franti on the covers.so proud. We've all worked so hard
lol I have it's okay
MY NAME IS PAT - PAT FORD*
show today! Interview with :) Get stoked!
I think every iPhone user had that experience!
I am liking your Milwaukee adventures today. Go #Brewers!
I love that movie.
Time to hose down the little one, making all day long makes for a dirty maker.
Its so good to be in San Diego!! Any folks from San Diego here?
a must-read The Digital Museum, A Think Guide (Herminia Din and Phyllis Hecht, 2007)
hey bitch
#archer makes me want to be a freaking douche bag
Why must I always make my life into a stupid quest to make some selfish girl happy?
how is it already 9:30?
idk haha but it's was so funny tho
“: Booty shorts & tank kinda day” AH NOT THE VISUAL.
My roommate got 4 staples in his head and has a cervical fracture from a weight room accident early tonight.
TY for coming to the Ed Innovators Forum: and all the fall innovators!
Timeout on the floor. The #Aztecs will have the ball but trail the Horned Frogs 80-83 with 41 secs left.
Shattered.com and daughter hyperactive me thinks the antibiotics are doing their job
I just want to take a moment to say how gorgeous my lovely wife is looking lately. Love you
she wants to unplug all the clocks and phones and have a 3 day sex marathon. she wants to walk wrong for a week bc you guys did it so hard
The sun's gone down and the neon lights are a glow. Viva Las Vegas!
shut up man
Chin up baby.
About to hit up Runyon for a hike.
Nice bike in your twitter avatar
is that on TV? I would love to hear more of his generic politician speak.
Bootsy Is Back Baby...AFOA FEST SEPT 3...vip hit me at
I'd be excited about the Crew tying it up, but there's nothing exciting afterwards.
thanks! :) tell your friends please, we love you for it.
OU vs. Aggies.......I hope the aggies decimate them!
Concert may be rain or shine but if it's not shinin....sorry Justin I'm not bout to get sick
I love you baby!
What a beautiful day!
it was fun. Just weak drinks. Food was decent, too.
i know right! my parents think since it's summer they can give me any chore lol
It's weird getting introduced to someone with a very limp/cold handshake. I never remember their name when that happens
Why divide and destroy when it feels much better to praise and worship.
Despite my vegetarianness, I am still excited by Sonic and their endless menu even if I can't eat 96% of it.
IS COOL LOVE
Need you windows scraped and painted? We do that to save you the pane!
Buzzing my hair after school.
Thanks ! Still working out a publisher but hope to have a limited print-to-order edition available soon...
And I ain't tryna Gash Up, I'm Just Callin It Like I see It...
reminded me of all the times he destroyed us in high school back in the old parkland conference w/ 3s. Some things never change.
"Catch ya on the flip side mother fuckassss"
Mention "TWITTER" to receive your FREE consultation today! 310-209-7700
yep! Next saturday
I am so grateful for you both! Infinite Love and Respect.
I HATE HATE HATE when married men hit on me. Do NOT attempt to involve me in your disgusting dirt, a-hole! If u don't respect ur wife, I do!
Probably a stupid question but which station do I turn on to view the winning numbers? LOL
yeah! That would be awesome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
If Gingrich-Perry talks are true, Perry would be most interesting VP debater since Admiral James Stockdale
simple solution. Go to a bar.
Eric! It was great seeing you last week at Reese's dinner! :)
Correction Part of light out its $2.99 aw
Aww! I'm afraid not, but I wish you the best of luck! :)
ARE YOU FOLLOWING UFC Ireland ? Please do.
I'm so incredibly lucky to work with so many amazing, kind, progressive, talented & creative folks everyday!
Man Honors English is alot of work and homework
Thanks for the RT! :)
I don't buy for a second that they don't know who is using what.
Off to vegas for the week! It's going to be amazing!! =D
Napoleon Bonaparte No man can stand on top because he is put there
Technology/Emerging Media, IP Partner or group sought by a top law firm to head up their practice. contact:
Mark Reynolds picked a great series to wake up from his offensive slumber.
How does a diabetic forget insulin on a trip? Still asking... but I appreciate for having "emergency" Rx upon landing at BOS.
Made my appoint for monday can't wait
Busy week with graduate students orientations, and meeting new faculty.
#ImThatPersonWho Love Movies.
Thank you for sending me a copy of your book I'll waste no time reading it. ~ Moses Hadas
I officially trust no one.
Thanks to for making it sound great! RT: Earphones Award : LIFE LESSONS "a meaningful and touching listening experience"
Six is perfect nmbr for a board. Find ways to compensate them, doesn't have to be $. -Marissa Levin
i need beats for lunch, get at me!
Hey girl! Thanks so much!
Digital can look quite good, but there's just something about the texture of an image captured on film.
Man, March FLEW by! Happy Friday!!!
Sad that #Packers released Nick Collins but aren't you happy that we have Ted Thompson to make those tough (but correct) decisions?
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning. – Bill Gates
I hate broscience, bro.
I have no idea how I am passing algebra in college
Hate negative talk surrounding Cole Hamels for hitting Bryce Harper. It's old school baseball. Why the big deal ?
:) yes it is! See me to claim your prize.
Thanks for coming in to party with us last night. All the girls had a good time with you. See you next time.
Just updated two web sites and am now off on Valentine's Day shopping. Wish I would hear about the second ebook I submitted for publication.
No, not today unfortunately! I have seen yours before though. Love Snapped, did you just do the one episode?
Fuck yeah you did! Is what i would say. “: What do you say when someone texts you that they just had sex to your Bach CD?”
We need to stick together ....
Can't sleep. Gym time?
Calling all #collegestudents - learn from someone just like you! of is looking to #speak on your
HAHAHAHAHAHA IM GOING TO BEN N JERRYS TO BUY A PINT OF SCHWEDDY BALLS AHHAHAAHAHAHAHA
"Deliberate with caution, but act with decision; and yield with graciousness or oppose with firmness." -- Charles Caleb Colton
I don't know any employee names, generally I just call them all "hopeless"-Then they spit in my food and we call it even
cleaning off my desktop... the physical one - and the electronic one - and the metaphorical one. it's a dusty mess over here.
Cleveland. Where once we set rivers on fire, we now plan to blow up bridges.
If your friend was dating a guy and you have a guy at the time no, that bitch out of his way will come out to bring you to his friend.)))
I need prayer for my college/living situation...
here's a book buying question- do you spend more money on books online, or in bookstores? For me, online ;)
As we build trust within orgs we are more efficient (financially and operationally) Ex: airports pre and post 911
Had one of those days yesterday One must persevere and do the right thing!
Conrad Grayson on Revenge = Mitt Romney? I think so.
Do you not care...or are you avoiding this?
Love it! Showing it off in class today (we did info graphics last week)
FF I am pretty sure he is a communist, but still very funny.
ill DM you!
Liter Night The Anchor Bar come in for $6 liters.. Also try out our new Pumpkin beers.
I'm Happy ! Make me even happier ? Follow please <3
Ah had some taco bell ;D but wait I just remember that told me she found sperm in her taco!!!! now I don't feel so good :'P
Thanks for the retweet!
Happy Earth Day! So missing Earth Day Birthday celebrations down south. :(
I retweet boring people to make them feel better
Always good to be home :-)
The happiest people don’t necessarily have the best of everything but they make the most of everything. - SAM CAWTHORN
When you want to be XCLUSIVE!!
Haha! It kind of is!! Deliiiilaaa RT : Dalila is the most depressing radio show ever produced
300 followers <U+E415> great birthday gift i guess
rihanna you are the best i am big fan from you
What?! NO! Seriously? I'm screaming in my head. Full on aneurysm. Brian Mcknight/Yin Yang Twins?
I would wonder what message the universe is sending me!
Stimulus? I never saw any money for my small business. Who do I contact to get that? Haha!
not at all could have been a guy who admires tht womans legs I've seen plenty of males with girls parts as their avi
Hey buddy, how's China?
Ben Hill Griffin I Snaps Up More Than 4,000 Acres Near Frostproof from Alico
from Cabo San Lucas on Vacation :) ill check out your blog too :) you know you due for a trip to AZ to come see me sometime
You and me both!!!
I've gotten to the point where I just feel like I expect too much in terms of customer service.
chillin my boy....what's good your way
Is anyone else pumped for Arsenal v City later?
21 times I edited these print and quick look ads lol
was interested in the class but wasn't able to get a ticket before it sold out. Also, try commenting on the class page!
great to meet you too!
Pretty swank, nice job.
It is absurd that a man should rule others, who cannot rule himself. (Absurdum est ut alios regat, qui seipsum regere nescit.)Latin Proverb
Just had a guitar lesson with James Scott....feeling good about making progress!!
Thank you for the email! You truly have made software "you don't have to remember to use." Keep on keepin' on!
I wish I had connections. or that my mom would drive me places.
Imagine if their was no this year! Life wouldn't be worth living #NFL <U+E022><U+E42B>
UofM type, or X-Men type??
Thanks to for the #FF, that means a lot, I really appreciate it!
very cool. I'm enjoying your #bourbonarchivist tweets!
YES - its going to be so fun! RT: Looking forward to some #Oscar dish w/ & !
yes I am
oh yeah so true !
poor cousin<3 feel better!!
I Don't Like They Music But Maybe Their Coo As People <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
lol silly ass. But wea u been at
like Heather too she's not snooty at all thats hard to find over there i lived in Marin country4ever
Snow! Also, it's the winter solstice! Yay, soon the days will get longer... W00t
thank u Pam!
where do u work at?
needs to get a new job
Parks, libraries & places 2 get involved in their community r important 2 youth. Health/wellness, too.
Thanks for coming in on Saturday! How was everything?
Sometimes the typewriter thinks for me and sometimes I disagree violently.
nice choice! what would you get!?
"Can I change the future? Ha..." hilarious! #ompf #newplay (watching now!)
When Izturis rips a ball with bases loaded, but he rips it right at somebody, the #Brewers have to start wondering who broke the mirror.
good for him. bet he's gonna be a hurtin dude tonight.
why are you inside of the nurse
Big weekend for CO sports fans!! Rockies at nemesis ATL, Nugs start series with Utah and Avs try to take 2 in Shark Tank & 1st one in Can.
Fanboys was an awesome movie.. Glad I finally watched it
How about our $4.99 lunch special. Soup, salad with our Fuji dressing and chicken fried rice. Now are you getting hungry?
Wow, I am all for Harvard on this (for once!).
Thank you so much! Glad you like it! Make sure to check out www.battleofthebands.com/morelikethemovies for our new single
Who's at ALA Midwinter in Dallas ? #ALAMW #ALAMW12 /wk Tweet on women's issues with us
Working on #imprinted coaster request www.BNoticed.com
Anyone know what SPIN numbers are for books? Do you librarians use SPIN numbers in any way when buying books?
Someone sing me to sleep?
how?? Guess I picked a good time to quit! Haha I remember you said you would quit after your birthday!
So proud! RT : Congrats to the cast & crew of #PEACEINOURTIME for Best Revival Award!
Two hockey games & Die Hard in one night. All I need now is a Man Cave...guess this Mickey pillow & pink bunny blanket will have to do.
": The O's are looking sweet in their orange jerseys #Orioles" second that. If you are going to lose, may as well look good!
Commission meeting will begin at 9:30
lol cool, I'm Tremayne. Nice to meet you :)
HATER!!! “: lil ass hair flip RT Hair straighten ... Y'all can't tell me nothing *Does Hair Flip* <U+E253>”
I'm going with Bobby Knight
YAY!!!!!!!!!!! 5 more houses to go and were done we got a boet load of candy!!!!
I'm #Encouraged to walk with the Lord, all the way.
Basketball 101: Switching is the most effective way to handle screens while not putting your defense at a disadvantage.
That's the fundamental difference. My view is senators represent voters in senatorial districts, not counties...
Soul Asylum Studios! Chamblee !! Live room analog recording!.. only the best!
Just did an epic librarian photo at ALA booth at
get on oovoo lol im online
Probably not, you'll see it tomorrow either way....
I hate the following basketball players: Wade & Lebron! They some bitch motherfuckers for calling each other and teaming up.
Agreed. I will be using it for !
Big Ups to the All canes crew in Columbus today! Devious , Joe C , GEO! GO CANES !!
oh, yeah, i can turn my calendar today.
it matters not what someone is born, but what they will grow to be.<3
We'd like to warmly welcome all of new likes - fans!!!! It's great you joined us :))))
Hipsters stopped voting after suffrage was extended to the masses.
Final tally for Baltimore's Movember team - $1610!!! 400th in the USA!!! Youtube update forthcoming.
thanks for calling me weird cause I slept hugging a pillow! noww shhhh kid.
Give us a hint... A morsel...of what the next show is about!
I may bottle my Amarillo-hopped APA today. Anyone want to help? Other homebrews will be cold and available...
what are the chances I can create a trophy to give out to anyone who beats in our work league?
Been editing and tagging old blogs, adding images and upping to pinterest. Then twitters. Wheeeee. Impact? or just make-work?
yeesss im heree i missed u more rachel !!
I want to eat chipotle :)
What hasn't arrived yet is not required yet & what is gone has served its purpose.... The universe always has perfect timing - Syncrodestiny
- I just checked out the website, WoW gonna have fun with their Margaritas xD
RT JJ Redick saved the Magic tonite with a terrific..career hi 31 pt effort. His back to back 4th qtr threes were huge.
: Never trust a person who says, "yeah, you can trust me"
yes lol. And i love the NBA too. Just not the heat haha
#MLA meeting tonight. Tom Demont, president of #ALOA, speaking about how #ALOA is fighting locksmith scammers. Progress is being made!
I will now! X
I have not eaten since dinner at 5 o'clock yesterday. I swear my mom is trying to starve me...and it's working.
that awkward moment when you can hear your parents talking about genetalia right when you walk out the door...
And he can get elected by playing "adult in the room" and "making the hard choices." He doesn't *need* solutions, just the
Hi-ho hi-ho it's off to work I go.
the Freddie Mercury one is still better
Hello everybody, I am new here, so please follow me ;)
You think Christmas just happens? You think this goodwill just falls from the sky? Well it doesn't! It falls out of my holly jolly butt!
happy moms day yo ;)
Relocating to New York. Seeking Employment.
Nice Helene. Thank you. Are you following me as well?
that's on my to do list too! Where are you staying?
Unfollowing a few people so my Followers and Following add up. I know I am not the only person who does this lol
Thanks for following me!!! Means alot:)
The mac N roofies should be kicking in any second now.
Join our Commercial Aquaponics group on linkedin
Dinner at Dell'Anima tonight exceeded my (very high) expectations. Awesome.
#imagine You: "I should have kissed you."Austin: "I'm standing right here, feel free to kiss me." <U+2665>
Seriously? We're mad at the Heat announcers for making a fire extinguisher joke? We're supposed to be offended? WHO is? Hahaha
eww the fuck she needs to pull those pants up & get her ass off tht guy shes looks a bit trashy
the crack in the chalk board messed it up.....
loved your green dress from today's show! Where is it from?
Bitches who follow then unfollow u all the time is a corny ass braud
waited for my flight, since I know you all cared. cant wait for
If copyright intended to promote science, it is clearly stifling innovation as currently constructed, and why we need Libre OA.
Just saw #thinklikeaman GREAT MOVIE Tons of laughs!! Pleasantly surprised!!
haven't seen h at good ol Merritt in a min :( weak.
guys can you please follow mer i i would really appreciate that and i promise ill follow you back ! <3
Has Jennifer Aniston ever starred in a good movie?
Some crazy base running, #Nats, in 12th inning.
Admit it. At one point in your life you pretended that the floor was hot lava and if you stepped on it you'd die.
It's been one of those kinda weeks..
I'm tryna call u bestie..
You're clearly a gluteus for pun-ishment. ;)
One day to get 7.6 million things done before I leave for PLA. Okay... I might have exaggerated that number. BUT STILL.
For what is liberty but the unhampered translation of will into act
I don't get the question. :/
Anybody know what time it is?! Firkin time! Get in to the Rubicon before it's all gone!
Yup, on the Caldecott Ballot. Here's hoping...
tweeting back from the West Coast and hoping you don't see this till the morning.
just got a phishing DM Tweet from your account...
Wanna do my homework?!
I hope this is good too and something else. A great business opportunity for the husband is what it is. :)
#GarlandNews: WEDNESDAY..9-11PM..NEW MISSION FOR OLIVER..ALL BE THERE..THANK YOU..RT & SPREAD THE WORD
I told a woman today that she drew her eyebrows on too high. She looked surprised.
Where do you go from the top...you go over the top
He said the words wrongg. Omg.
damn skippy..how could you nt\
I can now ask for Kaopectate in seven different languages
really need someone ASAP with a strong MKT research background and tech writing and/or copywriting skills. email:
Don't talk to me unless uk how to do it rightt .
Make myself look like an idiot? Checcckkkk.
Welcome to Wed! Who wants BBQ! Lets make some bbq. Re-Heat and Eat BBQ ready to go today. Chicken is $1.00 off while supplies last in Jan
Turner Field Ova Bobby Cox House lol
Someone get a slutty masseuse to the Triple A STAT!
Your body tenses up with anticipation.
I wish you'd talk to me. But oh whale <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B3>
And you knows what i believe in the #Pacers that much that i could see them taking this in 5 we have to much talent not to......
Aventura Mall, Sawgrass Mills, & Dadeland Mall, 3 of South Florida's best!
I Want That "Damn Yall Still Together" Type Of Relationship <3
they are not!!!! And yes u should know better
Surprised to get a FB "friend request" with a message from someone pleading to be hired at uFlySeattle. We haven't started construction yet.
Advantix just tallied up 64 points for the cell phone drive, bringing more in tomorrow. Who else is coming?
& now we're kissin in the bathroom. And I hope nobody catches us...but I kinda hope they do <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Tonight calls for baking. I'm feeling something molasses-y, perhaps. Maybe something in the bundt family.
Joey Votto is kind of good at baseball. Walk off GRAND SALAMI!
sorry bout that, i appreciate it. Ive just been slammed with work
IM IN NEW JERSEY! :)
So... I have to write an English paper on a book I didn't read...
no once was there! My pro pic is in LA. Haha I flew there to see them XD
doesn't have to be small talk
In-text citations or endnotes/footnotes are fine.
very happy - starbucks pumpkin loaf still good, library has A/C, Pink Martini on KEXP, Costco stocks good olive oil
I can breathe under water!!!
Crowd gathering in Dewey Sq for the #Verigreedy march. It's a beautiful day for democracy!
yup! Check out my music on Facebook haha
YUM. Lucky are you!
AH YA! about to see my girl!
What the city could have done is program the red arrow to a flashing flashing red arrow, con't
Statistically, 132% of all people exaggerate.
Is it true that Alexandra of Denmark, the current Princess of Wales, paid $250 for a tabby cat?
and, we have snow. poop.
#ronpaul comes to TX in April, u gonna come to a rally with me?
hurry already.
Dear Justin Bieber, One Direction, Zac Efron, or Ryan Reynolds... Just make our lives better and get naked. Thanks.
“: I gotta worry about thirsty hoes like trying to get at my boyfriend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>” @ me...oh wait. nvrmind
We can't practice compassion with other people if we can't first treat ourselves kindly. -Brene Brown (TEDtalk)
Off to Nashville...here we go
i YOLO you YOLO he/she/we YOLO-A
Got a few good ideas already.
i'm glad your atleast resting your voice. it needs it!
Our wood floors are versatile enough to match the needs of high-traffic areas.
I appreciate the kind RTs . Y'all are good people. :)
Looking forward to the new #ArtsMgtChat - A Twitter Chat for Arts Managers - first chat on Friday, April 27th at 2:00PM EST. More info: ht…
Just finished at the driving range I forgot how good I was at golfing
New York is really not an ideal place to have parades in
How wonderful. Rachel, wish you were in our group too!
RT " Cavemen were NOT good artists." So true...and they didn't even have internet and social media to distract them.
1st time I visited NY w/him - at a crosswalk with No walk him:Lets go ME: But its don't walk. Him:That means don't walk, RUN!
Nick Clegg says planned reforms of the NHS in England must go ahead despite fresh criticism from a cross-party committee of MPs over the ch
get one with water
Thank you for RT'ing a typo I didn't actually make in the first place!
Kids learn by stories but come to school and are presented with lists of facts.
This weekend was pretty good!! Was with my bestfriend !!!(:
What would be the protocol to send music to your label for considertion? Thanks!
Healing means balance, and meditation creates the conditions of balance and well-being.
Driving range.
thats crazy , ima hold out i think
hahahaha yes you have!
The #FTC's Leibowitz is talking a lot abt risk, but not abt actual harm a la Section 5.
do u evr get my tweets??? Just wondering
Fuck it. I gonna be a Fucking lesbian.
Oh, no doubt! I agree. But I see a huge level of interaction on FB, especially to photo/video, which I rarely see on Twitter.
you gotta watch walking dead my man haha
i love drew barrymore
that is so weird!
ur welcome, xo<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Yeah they were. I know they had some financial restraints but Wren really needed to try harder to get some bats this year.
You da one that i dream about all day :)
Breaking dawn was amazing!!!!(:
I wanna kiss him );
I'm so glad I get to watch Mayock during this draft.
Honk. RT In It For The Honey.
Good idea! :)
I must reiterate that while the debate rages whether the Heat can beat the Pacers, one indelible truth remains: Larry Bird has a giant head.
Hi. How does one get a right up of their products or store with you?
tom pritchard verdel jones korey barnet matt roth and daniel moore are the deffinition of loyal. Not many guys would have stuck around for 4
Well, off to dinner. #wdytya in 2.5 hours.
Happy Mother's Day to yous.
Wait, people are STILL having sleepovers without inviting me? The more things change...:)
hi if you're coming to move to NY you're going to be my next door neighbor
I feel for you! You want to be mad to lose that much, but at you're comforted to know you're now on the right path.
This is hilarious guys...check out this site and it will make your day!
you murdered that Nite Lights!!!!!!!!!!!! Damn!!
Putting more $$ in the indie artist's pocket for nearly 20 years. CD duplication, printing & custom t-shirts. It's what we do. We LOVE it!
I <3 one direction
Go Leslie! Go! Looking forward to reading the book!
Watching CBS Sunday Morning.
Love happens; it is so incredibly messy.
My lil cousin Future Birthday @ Da Same Damn Time
I put my pants on one leg at a time just like everyone else... assuming everyone else has gold pants.
lls aha so you think i shld go for him (the guy i told you bout?)
yeah boiii! Are you?
Why are boys so afraid of something that could be so great for them? Sigh
Some men mistake us for whores, but why spend mine when I can spend yours.
lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AE> RT : help! i've fallen and i can't go cuff!!
you are welcome my friend and inshAllah :)
#Beat #Mixing #Mastering Special $99.00 Put Your Best Foot Forward!! Get @ Us..
U2 with or with out you SO SICK! Club is Raging right now
I don't give a fuck what people think but he is the best boyfriend I could ask for.
I agree! Vintage like that transcends time..
Follow Me ??? Pleasee ?
I felt so bad when the girl working at Chipotle recognized me from high school and I had no clue who she was. Usually its the other way
This Recording's list of 100 Best Writers. What do you think? bit.ly/WIs0v
I love acting in love and playing opposite someone else who's doing the same. Its fun, cuz its just pretend but u can get really into it. :)
I was totally kidding about you being a healer.. you were serious o:
“: Regardless of the level of faith you are at, God will respond and meet your need. #ItsAllAboutHim”
Just liked Find Me Fans... What a great site! Make sure to LIKE them to see all the amazing sites!!
3rd straight day over 11 hours oh well tomorrow will be easy
Combined with the corners for Philly, the defense should have no trouble stopping the pass, but the run is a different story
Well, technically, Duke lasted longer than Mizzou because Duke got eliminated a couple hours after Mizzou did, so...
Good luck today buddy!
thanks man.
ugh! Lame. I'm sorry. Ma'am, did u just tweet Kim kardashian?!
what are his rates
Movie review: The funny, profane and brutally violent hockey comedy &#39;Goon&#39; lights the lamp
I love your screenname. :)
Soo many partys this weekend...but after this SB, I'm partied out haha
Estrada's pitch count is only 59. Weird move sending him up with bases loaded in the 6th, but had to be done.
I would say the same on behalf of women's basketball. (Yes, I officially represent the soul of women's hoops.) Why the hate?
Wow! Thats awesome!!! Now if you just keep it! :))
Thanks! That dog was cute and chubby. He'll eat a lot of biscuits with $100 Grand :-)
Don't worry they were down below on the sand getting their naked tan on lol.
#np big spender by ASAP Rocky and Theophilus London
i swear my family wants me to fail school. They wanted to go out to dinner. Not even home yet. Havnt even touched Psych.
The lure of the Thai.... RT I was just saying how good sounded!
Ah, I love the smell of Cracker Jacks and beer in the morning!
Help me and help me help kids - I'll give you copies of Say-N-Play to give away on your show. It's a win-win proposition....
SoCal #archivists #librarians and historians, join us Oct. 22 L.A. Archives Bazaar, hosted Doheny Library. FREE
You can tell Shaunie is annoyed I am too lol
“: Halfway to Bluegrass Armageddon. Ball in your court now, Kentucky.”god, ur the only UofL fan I really can't stand
you're very welcome!!!!
IT IRRITATES THE FUCK OUT OF ME ! Talking about people only makes YOU ugly!!
I swear to god if people keep calling the health care plan "Obamacare" I am going to 'splode.
Answering questions right now. Anything and everything.
The best theater deal in Denver-$10 Thursdays is back for Casual Encounters/Missed Connections! Come see original live comedy for just...
Try our Rise & Shine Mix - a scrumptious assortment of our breakfast pastries & coffee cakes including cinnamon rolls & scones!
yes ma'am she is!! Dude I just helped daddy paint the downstairs living room:D
If you dont like spongebob references then *dolphin noise* you
everything was delicious.
Shop til you drop while supporting PB! Hit up Bay View's Rummage Sales on Sat. May 15 and make sure to stop by 2209 S. Allis St!!
Attending #GBPI2012 Policy Conference
Ohh that's the worst!! I'm sorry! My homework is actually really easy I'm just too lazy. Haha
Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes
thanks for the follow.. I'm available for emcee work for your Pride if you're looking for talent. :)
:) thank you! RT : I gave +K about Food on
Cause she know where to put it !
I am going to watch as long as I can tonight and catch the rest later. Thank goodness for TiVo.
Have you picked up your copy of the March Milwaukee Magazine yet? We are happy to say that we are in it for TOP DAY SPAS.
AW HOW DOES IT FEEL TO HAVE YOUR INSPIRATION HEAR YOU SINGING? MUST FEEL AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Who loves MEME's? We're about to share one! heheheh
and a play that's simple and quiet and small
Sure! Have a great weekend.
I love for being herself. She keeps it real~all the time!
g mail want let me send u da track son.. its sayin its too many MB to send
thanks for the recomendation happy u got good price and selection you'll really enjoy our customer service too
I like fun reads! Thanks for these blips of info.
#Fedhill you scary.
RT Damb, Owen Daniels may have broke his hand????
The MeetBall'z
Buy a month supply of Latisse and get one free!
#WhenIWasYounger I fought for cookies not guys.
Felt compelled to learn more and found video on your NOVA blog. Students will appreciate the prep!
I've been home since 9. Its 1am and my mom just got home. Hahaha.
thanks! Great day! Not as cray cray as last Sunday !
i doubt she'd want this public
Diablo 3 #devmke run delayed to 7:30pm today due to downtime on servers. Show up early in IRC and let's hop on a teamspeak server
When you are tired; listen to your body and realize you might actually need a break, a nap, or fresh air instead of pushing yourself more.
I WANT SOME JUNK FOOD!!!!
Cosentino: For group interviews, work with the team, don't try to dominate the others. Team players get the job.
Great game tonight, got me a ground role double and did pretty good pitching...ready for tomorrow.
You treat me like a game, I'll leave you like It's a joke.
I had no idea getting a penis stuck in a bottle was such a common problem
That's the way we do it! RT : "Let the Bass Go" by #NowPlaying at 's SKYBAR.
Thanks! I seem to be up and running!!! :))
Looking for a little laughter to shake away those rainy day blues? We've got your cure!
Erm. What did I miss with "auto tune"?
Time to walk some #Huskies with
Just got back from the #LAFitness gym. Did the #P90X #AbRipperX and plyometrics workouts.
Yes, just writing the article was ironic. Self-referential irony is the best!
not too bright are you.. The only satanists are Christians.cus no one else believes in satan. He's a christian invention.
Oh no Groupon just sent me an offer for a "romantic" 2-nt stay in Burbank + champagne.
Them edible arrangements r so bomb the fruit is fresh to...lol
The more time spent creating information results in less time synthesizing it.
that's just foster magic
Hey, thanks ! $5 worth of produce spoiled in 24 hours! U may want to check in w/your southport store. Back to we go!
I'm keeping my donuts. You can have the holes.
keep making triathlete reports awesome.
A garden is always a series of losses set against some triumphs, such as life itself.
#TheBestThing is when someone makes you smile
same here, bout to get out of bed and go apply. I'll get there around 11:00.
Janet & Nick have #Warpedtour tickets this morning.
"He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything."
Not enough baby mama drama in the world to make someone throw another out a window. Sadstory.
I'm ending this long week with half an hour in Starbucks and blogging. Best way to end the week!
Printin some tees down by the river...
Hate it or love it the rise to the top has hatter and you have to keep going
irrelevant. it's a 48 minute game. not a 3 minute game.
Will Do and your welcome.
West Tennessee is very country. All fields, really calm
Ya want me to tweet you the final again???
Yes rain kissing my arms and forehead. I missed you!
Thank you for the retweets! You are an amazing person! If I can help you in any way please contact me at my www.innothinkgr
Painting my room green. :-)
A study finds 40,000 preventable occurrences of harm happen in US hospitals EVERY day. Stay healthy and get out as fast as possible.
(c) year…I'm also kinda nervous with all the big students around haha<U+2665>
S/O to preciate the follow luv
followed all 3 of you.
So how was Sylvie's party?!?!
Thanks for following me! I hope you guys play Kansas City some time.
Boots with the fur
I'm done bitches, suck on that!
So what if julian is preforming for vinny. are u going to stop supporting them? are u going to start hating on julian? No? ok so STFU
U need ur Momma, hope she is around & not lost again, Lol
Diabetes is a pretty big deal -- with rising obesity it has become the epidemic of this century
Kandi was plucked! thanks for a fabulous reunion!
Thanks for the follow back, sir.
Tell me what you think! www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
Thomas O'Brien shopped at Sienna Antiques last week!! Purchased a vintage tripod - movie light from my space! Visit Sienna in Petaluma!
Red and Green Affair's jammin in the City Room, but I'm in the Library of Death writing about Greenman v. Yuba?
Just found an old stack of reggae CDs from college... how do you play them again? for Steel Pulse!
Thank God you're graduating!
lasagna is in the oven and wine is poured.
In About 2 Hours I Will Be Milwaukee Bound!!
My pace writing this paper is on <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A2>mode....need to be at <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0>speed!
love wednesdays cause im off!!!..well for my friends in twitter..have a great day @ work....xD...god bless you..
Lmfao " I was sweating like Mike Tyson at a Spelling Bee! " ... You a fool !!!
The prom dress I want is $500 &my mama won't get it. -_______-
That awkward moment when promised to follow you a month ago, but never did.
Never happened
I guess I'm excited to see you too, it's only been forever since I've seen you. I've never needed a vacay so badly!
OMG tomorrow is our last Millie show... #sadtweet :'(
I'll bring it to happy hour Thursday! Come on by Delirium-back room before 9pm
Holliday Escapades .... anyone want to share!!!
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
take off the !
hm...should I take the job offer and miss out on my family and friends? I'll have money but I'll be far from them...
Never knock on Death's door; ring the doorbell and run (he hates that).
“: CHEATING: is played out....if you wanna fuck around, just be single dont put people feelings into something that Aint real!”
you are really awesome!!! ...And so that quote!! : )
Follow Customized Exercise with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Tonight @ BDW we have Giants vs New England and 12 wings and a drink for 9.00
Joan Rivers' wax statue is on TV right now and it ALMOST looks real! Amazing technology. What's that? It's not a wax statue? Oh. Wow.
Reserve your spot today for The Truffle Cheese Shops' 5th Annual Wknd "Get A-Whey" visit to the Ugly Goat Farm. $55-$65/pp
Agreed. Would love to start a panel with you guys to establish guidelines to stop fake reviews
SHERMAN LIKE MICHELLE A THINK SAY A YARDIE ROB THE U.S. JUDGE GUY ONLY FE FIND OUT SAY A FE HAR PEOPLE DEM DO IT LOL
Cant wait to see haha
lmao! But I know exactly where that's at. Their food is aight foreal.
CORRECTION: Come hang out at and get Rock'd by and Mar 6 6:30 Benefit for .. Mar 2!
trying to explain why #Forgiveness means Staying AWAY from your abusers.
Catch DFTO on MONDAY NIGHT pub - its a Battle of the Cover Bands...but we don't do covers. Watch us break the rules !
Sorry, I don't tolerate that word or the people who use it. Bye!
Not everyone is reading Newsweek to hear about Venter's latest accomplishment. Need to do more.
Seriously... should be fun! we'll have to find something in FoCo this winter!
Persistent, yes. Thin skin? You really don't know me that well. Actually, not at all. Hey, BTW, what's a "Liberal"?
Hey baby I got the poison, you ain't getting up from this one...
BIG WORM BIG HOLE....I DONT GIVE A DAM!! llab
When do you start?
is placing redstone on upside down half blocks in the queue? cause it would be very convenient
Exactly! (Well, tweeting and watering the garden for me, but same idea)
what the note say..?
Feels great to conversate with a girl you've had a crush on for awhile, sucks being a #hopelessromantic though
Friend me on Facebook: Stephen Samuel Santoro. I want my 5000 friends back. I missed you all
Will do! Yeah, I can imagine. Lucky my mum ran into some other people around the corner and the bloke ran off.
Got to move in today but no cable or internet...Cmon MidTown!! What's a player gotta do to watch a little college football??
Can you recommend a file transfer program for securely sharing large business files with a colleague?
Let us know where that smelly trash can is located, and we'll check on it!
only the peoples following u or whoever's name u put into it the tweet I believe.
Having a tough time watching the #JuniorSeau coverage.
- Thank you for that. I'll give it a try. Have a good day.
Pat Sajak Assassins at Ten Mile House in Afton tonight.
MLB TV has the Chicago feed though, if you live outside the Cleveland viewing area.
Are you going to PowerGen India? Meet with our team!
Mentioned "clubbing" in a tweet, gain 7 followers promoting different bars and parties. ...Oh-kay.
sowwy i destroyed dinner :( :( :(
Tell her I said I want him to devour my nipples. :) RT : she said master alien wants to eat your pussy !(:
#Economy #Consumers Love when you are POSITIVE! Wish #CNBC programs were as well!
#BOYFRIENDteaser !!!! please please
My friend said she need an ass so I said Take some ass shots lol
Come see The Devil & Daisy Jane, the hottest new rock-pop musical in town! 3234628460
good good mama, u know everyday i'm hustling, lol. i hope all has been well your way. #peace&blessings
it was beautiful I love what u and lamar have and I hope one I get that :)
It's Friday and a beautiful 1 even w/gray skies. A bit undone 2day counting my blessings as a child of the King!
And I will always love you.
#truth. “ “ A Lesbian's worst nightmare is falling for a confused bisexual #TeamLesbian””
The new icarlys wrong I'm 1d biggest directioner jk but I am a huge directioner
Watch the movie "Food Inc." I just MIGHT cure your cheeseburger addiction forever. <U+E405>
haha it's okay :)
could be or my pc might be where I go to disconnect
Sad to miss #Servolution today. Making a difference!
Oak trees down on HWY 193 in New Castle. Women crashes into large oak tree and walks away with minor damage. Be careful in this weather.
My favorite PDP moment is yelling VICTORY (in a Johney Drama voice) after he punches someone wait what that didn't happen lol
Super sad to see that Gavin DeGraw will be on Dancing With The Stars. He should not be sharing a stage with Steve Urkel.
Who is down for some Mass Effect 3 Co-op tonight?
I can NOT wait for my week in MSP b/c is so close to my hotel...and so yummy and fun!
Too many good girls single, too many hoes taken.
I wonder if Jason from Friday the 13th is just an old school hockey fan, because the new face masks have much cooler badass designs.
which show?
At the zoo...i mean waiting outside for the concert. If students need 2 b here early parents should b allowed in 2.
welcome here!
Number one in the AL Central. Read 'em and weep, Detroit.
holly your pretty we have blue eyes like that becuase we wear certain makeup you pretty just experiment on yourself thats (c)
I recently finished it and loved it. Don't know how I'll feel about the new movie...
lmao. I was kidding! Ha
Much bigger game for Brew Crew, but this state belongs to the Pack. 1)Packers 2)Badgers 3)Everyone else...
Today is starting off to be one of those Mondays
good! It's great to be busy!
haha yeah :p
Ah. Here goes my first final.
This. RT If Kim and Beyonce become friends, I'm done with humanity.
#Opera Friday Night we have a COSTUME Party happening ! Bottle Specials on CIROC & NUVO! Sounds By Hosted By:
yep, double attack, Row V. They're awesome seats.
Today in Literary History: On April 18, 1842 the first edition of THE POETS AND POETRY OF AMERICA was published.
signed a contract with KVZ Music Ltd.
<U+2015> W.H. Auden, New Year Letter
haha! I was like what the heck? When I walked by Haha
in June??? I thought you were coming in May??
you think im stupid, but i can see everything youre doing
i need to cut my hairr lol
lets consider 3 risk profiles: low-med-high
what did u do to your foot?? Btw, I'm ignoring your question! Lol
Good Day, Party People!!!!
A heart filled with regret, will always be cautious to take the next step
Let's see anncd #Euro2012 & agreement for #NFL, is it possible 4 to have any more exciting news? Maybe tomorrow...
Selling off all our Biker Products!!!Some for $2.00 over cost!!!! Time to quit be looking on facebook/Kenneth Rector..thanks
Tweeting about moths in lubbock.
is done with leg one.... out on course for leg 2.
We would love to play a few songs on Free Form or something else! Let us know!!
Last night's UNSIGNED CELEBRITY CONCERT SERIES (Westbury L.I.) was CRAZY! We thank the talent, the industry, & the 325+ people who attended.
That's my job. see you at 1
Which remedy are you referring to?
Scored tickets to two nights of the #B-Bash! #Excited!
kickback for life!
Jeepers, I am never taking a hiatus from Twitter to move again-- 1209 new tweets, really?
while i do my homework, yes please!
Made my bed I gotta lay in it, hopefully it all be over pretty soon
I legit just want some chipotle and a sugar cookie lol o_O.
Share the love! At this very moment someone is thinking good thoughts of you.
"LISTEN TO THIS TRACK BITCH!" "Well I WAS gonna listen to this track, till u called me a bitch so fuck you."
I feel the same way about the ! Ha! :)
: The MA health care law isn't hell or nirvana. It's an experiment -- and we think more states should try new things.
Been listening to Pandora for 3 hours, where would I be without it.
SB45 Biz Lesson # 17: Honor the legends of the game.
follow mirandamaleskifans to support her shes my favorite!!!
Retweet if you are NOT the father
996- girl! Where have u been ? I miss you :) your pretty inside and out don't let anyone tell u wrong <3
Rocketown hangs tonight for EP release show! <U+E32D>
It Making Very Cold
True inspiration. I can relate with you on a few things. I would love to talk to you about a non-profit campaign I co-founded.
I gotta have them air yeezy 2s
is also my favorite female MC she is the baddest alive no chick can hang with her
Re: last tweet--Undxed Children's Day was actually today, but that doesn't mean you can't still spread awareness!
#SmackDown later lets go
And is it hollerin child day? I told two kids to stop!
I do most of my own stunts.
I forgot, is anyone other than Herman Cain running for the Republican nomination for president?
In 12 playoff series (73 games) during the KG era, the Celtics have lost Games 1 & 2 just once, against the Heat last season.
Today in Invention History: Frederic Ives patents the process for half-tone printing in 1893
might be time for you to get your own reality show.
Budget Cuts all but close summer classes for Higher Edu in California. Can't even get 6credits that apply to my degree. The END is NEAR!
yup. Timmy has fresh legs too
"Christopher mentioned cute bunnies. Well, those bunnies can cost a lot." Perforce's Furkan Khan: finding content takes avg of 30 min/day.
beverly hills... That's where I want to be!
We look forward to seeing you all tomorrow, 9/18, at 1 PM at the Leavey Center Esplanade for the MPS HR BBQ esp.
Hey, I heard you were a wild one...
I'm working on getting to paid vacation....
me and can't stop listenen to "They Call Me", mad respect for you and Bei Maejor, ride to it everyday
Every girl has glasses now. Not convinced they all need them.
Too small for Charley O RT : Figured KU got stuck w/ ton of backordered Mangino swag, but obviously we had no idea
I wanna do it so bad to Mark Ruffalo. And by "it" I mean sex.
OnlineRehabClinic.com now offers luxury alcohol and drug virtual rehab - 30 days use only $195. Don't Let Them Die, Family can sign on now
RT : Dear 99% of TV Pundits, your "witty banter" is neither "witty" or "banter." You just sound stupid. Signed, Your Audience
Ohh Yeah I forgot We gone kick it Hard
I don't even understand why it's a thing. Ridiculous.
Springtime gardening classes and social coming March 4th and 18th!! Come for some knowledge and meet fellow gardeners w snacks fm
All i want for my bday is for to RT this or follow mee(: its on Wednesday can I get a shoutout on that days vlogg?
I would thoroughly enjoy that!! hahaha
I hear it's Craft Beer Week....Celebrate it tonite at the Inn with a Shock Top or Laguintas IPA on draft while you watch the game!
wait what? O.o
haha way to make people lolz in mtgs dude..crackers & cheese..w grapes..grew up on that shit..#VirginAmerica you fancy huh?
my nephew is being born on Thursday and Sunday is the only day I can see him... But it is MSG...
Cooper. Nice! What states is he doing?
Twitter is way cleaner than FB, simplistic!
RT : Were getting closer to 1/2 of US adults using social media. #epatcon knows the stats!
If their loyalty is real then they should be there for you regardless if you're wrong or right.
text me
Boutta roll a perfect blunt ima twitpic tht shit when im done
brandon Parrish
Twit, I made a new game on mw3. Want to get on and play it with me. IT's a 4v4 one btw.
i cant 2
Happy belated birthday !! :D
Happy Birthday !
Why are the sample questions for Science EOG Review easy? The test isn't going to be this easy so...
Joining other #Millenials this weekend to showcase the good work that is being accomplished by good people. Thank you, !
: smart, irreverent, empathic, reader
I knew the lakers was gonna go ham tonight!
Looking forward to finally seeing I’ve heard great things about it, but have no idea what to expect.
ONLY custom printer in the US w/ 10’ wide dye sub, 16’ wide digital printing, 10’ wide UV-printing to rigids & screen-printing capabilities!
Cause there's faith in love ?e
Tonight. with the Paul Weitz Trio at the Backroom in Canoga Park, Ca at 8:00pm
so, planning on coming to see you AGAIN in Minneapolis..and even Iowa?
#FrancesTheMakeUpGuru : ATTENTION BLACK GIRLS! YOUR BLUSH IS NOT SUPPOSED TO BE FIRE TRUCK RED OR BRIGHT PINK. GET IT RIGHT!
uh, okay then. Whatever.
I bet you do, Heidi; you're just that kind of girl ;)
A limited number of tickets will be available beginning at 2 pm at the fest
found tiny cat teeth marks in the ($40) bag of special cat food on the counter. Selkie!!!!
pray...and pray some more
Good luck on your recovery, You and Kevin Love gonna be cornerstones of the franchise for many years to come
2/22 students were offered their textbook in digital format, but both chose the printed versions.
that is deep, in that a wise person knows he knows nothing at all!!!!
Oh wow! I'm gonna be busy for the next few months, back to back! Can't say anything yet but it'll be fun! Maybe a 3rd one can work too! :)
Where did you park? You're the second car in two days in our neighborhood. Please file a police report.
#YourNotTeamMindlessWhen you have no respect to them
Hey thanks RT : I like your twitter picture!
Congrats Theta Omega chapter on winning Greek Week for the 5TH consecutive year! (TY !)
I always worry about that. RT : sometimes i worry that i'm not convincing enough
I sleep in the weirdest positions sometimes.
he fakes like hes 3betting river like 4 times and then folds lol, up to about 30k.
Crazy day.. scheduling bands, tearing down the ceiling, scraping the floors and putting up new walls, show and space sure are coming along!
Why is everyone being such a meanie?!?
great meeting today with - Awesome Hearts!!!
#URI STUDENTS INVITED! Come to the Alumni Center THURS FEB 23 4-6pm to meet Prof Renee Hobbs and learn about the Harrington School!
#yeahyousexybut It's not just about looks
are on the road from Cali just to play at #ExtremeThing today. After this, they will be headed on a month long European Tour.
I'M AT THE DOCTOR. I'LL LOOK AT EVERYTHING IN LIKE, A LITTLE BIT.
Thanks for the RT
Help trend #MahoneOnB96 PLEASE?! :) let's try to get him back to Chicago!
no Miami got this lol
Me either but it would feel like skipping part of the story if I left it out.
You act like you hood, and hood niggas will harm ya
Not a bad business move at all.
Cary Price's mask at the Winter Classic is a tribute to Jacques Plante. Beautiful!
this months meet-up is about helping create teen after school programing class & teaching accessibility. www.bit.ly/i3kxny
I saw two girls taking pictures of each other eating pizza and thought how fucked up that was. That's when I realized I was alone and fat.
that shit's too funny. "no. Omg. We were just kidding" oh okay. So the same shit you say to me is a joke with her...
In man, at least, satisfaction is commonly followed by boredom.
Coming up on #9NEWS 5pm, I've got your Sunday evening forecast. Get your shorts out this week... Here comes the sun!
Anyone ever take #GoldsGym #BodyStep class?
Bobby, pls shoot Tom and me an email re: tomorrow. Thanks!
At TEDx Sacramento. Come check it out.
When your throat hurts from singing so loud. Thanks for all that you guys do. I didnt meet you guys but I had so much fun.
Temple run is addicting-.-
boo. I don't wanna go back to work.
Cant even do it. Bring me my e cig! I might feed you...
Am having a great time connecting with and meeting so many fantastic librarians!
I wish Chris Farley had lived to play the role of that Q'arthian merchant.
Its been a long day. G'night yall... -_-
dressin up in an african gown oh yea
Ok stomach, this is my last big Mac, I promise. I know this food is fake but I just had to have it
Heading back home. Had good time at the Jungle
Celebrating 5 years of marriage today with my best friend
Bayleigh, Your A Turd! Nobody Likes Someone That Poops In The Water! Bahahah
Does realize that from now on, should he attend an ALA conf., librarians will be screaming his name & throwing bras at him?
sure! Great bingo app, just the chat can get interesting haha
Surely those must be omens of some sort?
The Choptops cancelled their show with us. Our feelings are hurt. Sorry ladies.
Agreed! Another side of the memoir/“: omg how good is Weight”
either way they'll know, but my way will see if they really care to figure it out, but it aint hard to figure out.
(Buddha)All that we are is a result of what we have thought+ (E.Nightingale)You become what you think about+ [Prov23:7]As We Think So Are We
“Learn from Jesus by often being in his company.” (Med 78.2— Feast of St Andrew, Apostle)
This world so so fuck,ed up
Looking for a REALTOR in Albuquerque? Contact Gift Realty NM.
Spurs are looking at signing Caron Butler! That would be a great fit for them! Parker and Ginobili are getting old!
Haha, Im Playin With my Soccer ball
Just droped my dad at his work..and the concert and my dads work are in the same ave....but they already left ..i wanna see simon D!!!
You've turned into everything you said you would never be.
The current beard needs to pull an Amish.
#ThatOnePersonWho U seem 2 never really lose feelings for no matter how hard u try they jus have a piece of ur heart
Lily Allen is so cool y'all
Amy feel better. Being sick totally stinks. Hopefully you have someone close to take care of you....
If we don't realize that we change everyday we'll never realize we're always growing into who we're supposed to be.
Mike Tyson and Don King, part 2. It could happen. Our new blog is posted at www.ussportspages.com.
Alex forgot my birthday <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> I want chocolate strawberries <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
The whole world is about three drinks behind.
Haha that's what I thought! :b
RT Thanks to all of you - in & out of uniform, past and present - who sacrifice so much so we can be free.
Thanks for the RT and yes its true! Engagement differs b/w universities though~ some are doing a great but others could improve
it's a turn off!
i used to hate when the dj talked over the first part of the song, Lol!
": Liam: "I once cried on a restaurant because the waitress told me i could not eat my soup with a fork. I had to use spoon.""
And just retweeted Thank you, Twitter.
Score polk county 3 orl 0 top of the 4th inning watch live @ www.doublediamondbaseball.com at Bishop Field
or boring te he
Shoot today!! :)
Thanks for the mention!
you got mail
RT FOR A SHOUTOUT!! MUST BE FOLOWING, I FOLLOW BACK! :D
I vote Ashton Kutcher for Aaron Sorkin's Steve Jobs biopic!
I was so slaphappy at practice today..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Patricia Martin just gave a big shoutout to my local library Oak Park IL
You are a black dragon. You are often misunderstood by people as dark or evil, but you're just introverted and prefer your time alone.
Nothing happens when you sit at home. Go out, do something that will help you excel in any positive aspect of life.
any chance i can pick your brain tonight or tomorrow?
Get pre-approved for financing before looking at homes. Know what you can afford.
hey nick if we doo send u fan mail will u reply too them cuz my sis wants too know!!!!
email me!! halfthegirl2011!
Just like that, two BigTen teams were eliminated (Wisconsin & Michigan St). Here's hoping Ohio State fares better tonight.
I want to teach a class on how to make it look like you checked a swing. Wigginton is great at it. Head down acting like nothing happened.
"The last thing I want to do us hurt you" Yeah but it's still on your list.
Looks like picture will be locked in less than 2 weeks. submission will be a slightly better cut than
LOL. She KILT it!
Thanks for the FF last week!
Don't tell me one thing then do another .
Hi! We'd like to invite you to audition for #TheMentorStudio, you'll meet producers and directors in a 12week programme!
Can't sleep so playing a bit of
Directioners Love One Direction Moms. Anne. Karen. Jay. Patricia. Maura. Thanks for giving birth to these 5 lads.
Drunk and going to bed <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Nope. Because then they will think you are random, crazy, and awkward.
I wonder what Phineas & Ferb is doing tonight??
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs Brees has graham, colstain, sprolles, Ingram. So much weapons
Uh oh
What is weird is most of us don't look at Emmis stations as competitors-hence our surprise. Money in same bucket, no?
Beer Pong starts tonight at 10pm. $10 registration fee and the first pitcher of bud light is $5. Get your teams ready! See you tonight.
I agree, why choose? MT Strategic planning is out; scenario planning in? Why do we have to choose?
Visit your local library and pick up a copy of The Geography of Bliss by Eric Weiner, this month's Reader's Den discussion!
“The emails sent from an MPS account constitutes a violation of our policies,” wrote an MPS official to WR.
that looks like a world of fun
he did not, but I love the pics from both of you the past couple days!
Who do you have in tonight's duel in the desert... Sundevils or Wildcats?
Dear , please teach your flight attendants the difference between "the" and "that". That must be a specific object, not a class. Thx!
If I won the Powerball tonight I would....be mildly enthused.
April 18, 1923 -Yankee Stadium opens as the Yanks beat the Red Sox 4-1. Babe Ruth hit the 1st Yankee Stadium homerun in front of 74,200 fans
Except ÜBER hot.
you handling your biz though. When you back in the studio?
beg ur mom
why does it have to be so easy to buy things on Amazon?!?!
Thank you!!!
soon. We are currently planning the wedding. He has a busy schedule so its difficult. ;)
I'm thinking more short-term. Today: until about 6:30. Then until Friday, and my next vacation. World domination will take longer.
these dudes sound jelly
Live Life Till The Fullest, Cause You Never Really Know What You Got, Till It's Gone.
"I ain't the reason that you gave me no reason to return your call".."I'm reactin to you because you left me broken-hearted"-TheWhiteStripes
Happy Thursday! If you live in NYC and know someone who needs a makeover, nominate them today!
sucks for youu!(;
NBA draft night #BrooklynNets new logo will be unveiled… Jay-Z really moved the #Nets to Brooklyn
Yay dan & drew! RT : Our new local on-demand show,Tricks of the Trade is ON! Featuring the work of local company
Dont forget to buy our book only $4.99 @ www.createmoneyweb.com
": If you don't have common sense..you're in trouble with me. #requiredforinteraction" Its was fun while it lasted!
who guesses x in hangman??????
Highest rates of #gonorrhea in the U.S. are among #sex active teens and young adults - protect urself w/ #condoms!
amen and now that my afternoon at pnclarkes has cleared the system I am ready to roll
haha u can do it! I have great faith in u, let me know if u need help tho, i have an inside connection ;)
Ha ha. I bet you still ate the sandwich!
Bleu cheese, really good gin and tonics, and my kitties, Gemme and Ciao, are particular passions of mine
I'm being the good employee that I am, monitoring social media. Isn t that in my job description?
For those who don't know we played a part in breaking "1000 dollar outfit" by The Alumni
#Baylor v #Colorado next round? 5 years ago, this would have been a joke of a game in #Big12 conference play.
Love you like my lover and my bestfriend
Only because it's 25 points added on my test grade.
I did
Why are you in Orlando....?
I think & I will be at your store for a KidLit Authors Club event on October 22. I set it up with Tina.
Team Ryan! who's with me? ;D
I want everyone to understand and live it: I value Customers
U think u could do some of Etta James? I will work with u if u want...Cat!!!
I m clean boy I'm clean
In college it's called a dorm. In Hollywood it's called a hostel.
Any recommendations for a good cloths dryer? gives me prices, but I want to know if I am buying good value
I agree! He is the best!! RT : S/O to ! He's awesome!
I miss Cody..
Girls who wear white shorts>>
TYVM! Enjoyed our chat!
I wish a sound proof bubble would appear over my desk the minute I picked up the phone for a client call.
i am in columbus for work and won't be able to meet up this weekend :) <<< frowny face
This bill will allow for a 270 cooling off period for jurors with regards to monetary compensation
IF YOU RT THIS THEN I KNOW YOUR A BFFL
It will be interesting to see how this forced small ball focused on ball movement woks against the Clippers bigs.
signed up to be a volunteer for the WI dirty girl run, haven't heard anything back...still need volunteers?
i think i have finally found that missing feeling again.. nah better yet i have def found it. Be jelouse.. nut up or shut up!
Week 4 Hotel Foster Residency tomorrow with , & Shane from Call Me Lightning. Let's take it off the charts, yo!
It's only Tuesday and I am exhausted and ready for the weekend!
heading to #Denver tomorrow to hang with my bestie/sistah and DANCE DANCE revolution!
I'm BACK, but I'm not Randy Quaid, and this is not Independence Day, LOL
you too :)
Louis CK. On Daily show now. Brilliant.
Thunderstorms and movies. Today can last forever.
So I'm not sleepy and gotta get up early
“: oh and that's what she said!” lmao that was a good one
Appropriate that my new life path begins today, May The Fourth Be With You!
What the fuck did i just do??????
"By your own efforts waken yourself, watch yourself, and live joyfully."
Wow....we havent come far from caveman days have we men? Whats up with treating women dissrespectfully? It must be an OC thing...
“: oh figured you were with the G posse for mrs edwards” nope Chicago, city of lights!!!
We're hearing that last nights rain is causing some trouble on the roads this morning so make sure you are being extra careful out there.
In this dark world I'm so alone, can someone rescue me from my own?
So - - I'm going to scream like a girl for a little bit and then faint. I just encountered a snake in the back yard.
we like to call it being efficient with your time and getting you faster to beer and to speaking to our solution architects! :)
cant wait to see you in left field for the dbacks! Lets win the West!
3: B/c to a want of correct information in reference to laws of life and health may infantile suffering and early mortality be attributed
Never fucking hated Asians more until right now.
I would like to have an Ipad or Samsung Galaxy tablet and an Iphone..but right now I'm content with what God has given me :)
and then someone wished me a happy mother's day.
when i heard that song i was like woh! its really good..but did u see what rihanna was wearing at the vma's lol different lol
Good girl. Have some bourbon for me!
Stuck in Traffic! Stupid boston traffic!
FDR's C avg enrollee added 20lbs -- we need a New Deal now!
Hope U had one on National Choc Chip Day! RT: i'm officially #addicted to fudgedipped sunbelt granola bars!
should follow u back for that screaming endorsement!! would!!!
They say he will be a lot like Sproles in the NFL and look at what the RBBC in New Orleans did for Sproles.
It's a game I've yet to win but I'm still all in.
I look like a boy on my Twitcon lol. :/
Eating chia seeds (thx ) + more veggies, making lunch, vitamins, exercising, more water, no booze. Let's see how long this will last.
your toe is amazing just the way it is! <U+266B>
Pizza of the Week: Thai Chicken Pizza - Grilled Chicken Breast, Mozzarella Cheese and Peanut Sauce Topped w/ Fresh Vegetables
People stop ignoring me! I'm just letting you know people are talking shit and starting rumors!!
Atleast it's Friday Could not wake up
yeah I know what you mean haha :) that's why I love my car. It's small :)
Gravatar should include a byline / bio feature for authors. Change your bio on multiple site at once. Easier to keep updated.
OMG i know right it looks so good cant wait
I'm astounded by people who want to 'know' the universe when it's hard enough to find your way around Chinatown. ~ Woody Allen
don't use swear words on twitter. Didn't RVB teach you anything!
Dude why won't you ever talk to me anymore I miss are convention): all because you found out that I like you...I hope someday will again):
- Thanks for the #ff. always appreciated
Y A W N. Who scheduled this game so early? #CLIPPERS look asleep, too. WAKE UP and play ball!!
Sadly, LAUSD isn't on that list.
happy thanksgiving!!
Pizza oven is going and my tuna pizza is about ready! hungry yet? :)
Going down to the Rodeo. Wheres at?
Go time.
Sister is sick- initiate washing hands every 10 mins, opening things w/ a hand covered in sleeve, & taking enough vitamin c for a rhino.
do not click the link in the dm. our account was compromised.
everybody is sad when i'm in a good mood ;-;
Send your Worldwide Winthrop Day pics to
LMKasprzak -- CMC (Certified Management Consultant) is MORE than three letters) and will look at diffentriators for you.
I will miss seeing you at SPNHC this year. Now you'll be the only one tweeting.
I love one direction <3 C:
AustinMahone:"Hey girl, what do you say me and you get out of the Friend Zone?(;" A Fan : "Yes ohemgee " Mahomies: "OHMYMAHONE *faints"
A fearless and inspiring Afghan woman against Karzai AND the Taliban. Thanks for sharing.
RT "you have to go zen" - #JRE podcast. Powerful life advice everyone should try.
I really want to see the lucky one!!!
So if u caught the girl you're with sporting the latest trend down there-feathers...would you stick around or scram?
Tough loss. BS penalty. Go B's!
Thanks so much, Joyce, and congrats right back at you, Steve!! :)
THANKS BOO<U+E414>
PubWkly on THE MURDERER'S DAUGHTERS, by "psychologically complex characters make Meyers's debut a satisfying read." Buy it.
RT : In the process of constructing a new beat website. All artists/publishers/A&R's following me, stay tuned!
Dex: 'Manuscript' is probably the classiest place to hide the word 'anus.' Me: Oh Geez Dex......
Really? I didn't know that June Bugs hiss!
Someone wanna clean the drumsticks for me??...I hate this part..lol..
Note to self: hide the drum pad and Spotify HONK! playlist when 'working' from home.
I just found my Pokémon movie from forever ago! OMG! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
digging the knee highs Kat wonen
After living in LA for twenty years I should stop being shocked at how bad people are at driving/walking/being a human
so ready for a life where food family and fun is all I know
I hope you have such a great time! Can't wait to see pics and hear all about it! Tell Paws I said hello ;)
I HAVE NO TIME! (except on Monday's)
“: Would love to hear some to end my weekend, or start the week, rocking! :)” Thanks Jen!
Allergy treatments - keep home and work areas clean, daily use of nasal steroid, oral anti-histamine pills, Benadryl at night
omg yes it does I hate having to drink water for USound
The lifeguard asked whether Chita and I were wearing sunscreen, because we were so very pale (& easy prey for the sun's rays). Thank you...?
Michigan vs. Illinois tonight at 6:00 on ESPN...Go Blue!
“: Guuurl, #naughty <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> RT : Slept thru boxing pretty bummed about it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>” <
Waking up this early is so not my thing.
hey told me to tell u that she sent me . Idk why but whatever
Go Freddy Couples! -3 under at the turn. Great to see the legend still has it!
Now go check
no Chicago?!?
fuck yea. How much for start up
You're a fast reader!
So glad the #DWTS judges couldn't show their bias yet again with the stupid "dance duel"... Goodbye #roshon :D
Idk if they took video but I think they did not sure
dude, seriously.. you dodged a bullet.
bold statement brah!
just screen shot it niggah haha that's what I did cause it's on my iPod xp
": drunk Halo was a bad choice." False sounds like a throw back night..
Um, who cancelled a markup on this bill last year? MT : That's great! We're sorry you didn't bring it to floor while Speaker
I had a similar problem. Turns out I was dehydrated pretty badly. Have you tried slamming like a gallon of h20?
maybe he can be a guest on the Shalom bayis tour to revamp his career
6 hours in the air and the iPad still has 65% battery remaining. Wow!
" Hood General"s " da Mixtape in the streets if you need a copy get at me !
I shared Bieber's new song with my coworker ... he hates to admit, but he likes it too, ha!
what a waste of time & money.
Kristi Neace a police wife who provides support and encouragement for wives of officers, has written about Police Suicide at KristiNeace.com
I have given some thought to onomatopoeias, but never done much more than that. Thanks for your kind words!
The sun is back and so am I = the very reason I moved to La La Land!
i seriously need new friends, non fake ones preferably . & ones who live in California (: lmfao
trynna hit the gym after school
much appreciated! Happy 2012 to u
i need my car back.
Heavy D another good one gone
Excitement building at #tff screening of doc. Saw some of the kids I covered for
Would totally pick over Mr. Shue!!
Hey Izzo would be perfect coach 4 Team USA. Like MK, universally respected. Great tourney coach, key w/ quick turnarounds.
People need to learn to think for themselves and not follow what's "cool"...
hahaha absolutely love <3 def needed tonight to relieve stress lmao. ONE MORE FINAL! then home!
did you get a chance to vote
You should really patch global warming in mw3 way fuckin overpowered GOD DAMN POLAR BEARS
Ill prob shoot myself b4 tonight is over.. Haha no but rlly lmao
so what did Lisa think about the seance that Kyle had.
Thanks for the RT! Empanadas y sangria sound better than what's actually for dinner tonight. :)
Yeah unless u beat the smart outa him.
ok, now that is on Android, how many more of you can I follow? (I'm lattelove)
When people tweet about you ...
yay! finally registered for improv class at
MA student Ellen Defossez's paper "The evolving media discourse on gender and depression" accepted at ICA 11
For the first time ever i can honestly say that im all alone. i have no family that has my back and it sucks.
Text Columbusdeals to 90210 to receive a text blast of our latest deals and be entered into our prize draw coming up in just 4 days.
hopefully papi , hopefully I'm tryna straighten up my life & make turn arounds you feel me
That [sex] was the most fun I ever had without laughing.
Denver is what the knicks could have been if they didn't trade for melo & let him come to ny in free agency
O.O wow... there are no words
I been neglecting my twitter acct. My bad. I just been grinding.
Explore for July 13, 2009 « My Blog
When all's said and done, all roads lead to the same end. So it's not so much which road you take, as how you take it.
their relationship was strange in the first place. they play bro and sis on the show, so they always have love scenes with other ppl
i support gay marriage. who cares if two men or women want to get married? who are we to dictate how somone feels about another?
RT Had a wonderful lunch at City Tavern. Franklin Chicken = delicious! & Jessica is not only a fine server but a superb historian.
i feel like the borg are trying to assimilate me...
South Beach Tow marathon. This show is a riot..
Alright sounds good!! Is there a website or anything?
Do you golf ever? If so, I can get you a UW connection down in Houston...
Happy Mother's Day!
I will never understand how people can like Eminem and One Direction at the same time....
I think I missed that phase. Now they seem to focus only on dumb cookoffs and on promoting certain chefs
#ExpertVisibilityTip: What are the primary goals of your website's home page? If you can't tell from looking at it, that is a problem.
Tiger isn't missing the cut, he's just darkhorsin' it.
Chris Brown<3
Gonna be signing up for a TurboKick class this quarter with Kristin. So excited!
Another day of school -_- Summer just hurry up already!
Happy mother's day!!!
Your welcome Matt! Have an awesome day!
really? What time is it where you are?
I will never forget saying girls take shots better because they give head <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>!
you caught me, I gotta start following your blog more closely :)
hope you hit up the urban outlet while you were here! #socheap maybe its good i dont live here...
YES. I also need an errand person to run and get me more ice for my water also to make me some fucking cookies.
#8days until my birthday. :)
I see things differently now, step on me, I'll get back up. Try to talk to me like your smart, I'll sound smarter ;)
Politics & Facebook don't mix well.
No questions are wrong to ask.... It's the tone they are asked that can result in a wrong answer.
follow me maybe?,
hope ya'll can make it to tomorrow! Invite more!
I look WAY too good today to have nothing to do! haha
Is being so embarrassed by the complexity or mass of my food order that I ONLY order online a red flag that I just shouldn't order it?
lol, just 15 months. He liked the ocean in FL a couple weeks back but we are still working on baby swim class :)
Did anyone get anything cool for Christmas?
There are men who think that? Seems a little condescending to me.
On hold with Comcast for 15min for them to spend literally 30sec telling me they'll reload the #OnDemand database in 45min.
where does it say you can't? Have you actually read the document yourself?
I feel as if I keep tweeting but I'm not getting more
it was an accident but he is gonna change it in the morning. But I can still iMessage you
and of course a #FF to the most kick-ass Dude ever,
My nanny is so hyper its so funny
Ask for a dedicated IP... like $5 month
Hey you, yeah YOU. Stop sitting around & saying "I never meet Austin Mahone" because you WILL. you have to believe first. Trust me.
Flight Deals from American
private party tomorrow, maybe as a warm up for show should be a fun weekend
Working on Easter means I have to miss He Is Risen Ham and Resurrection Rice Pilaf.
Global youth service day #
cant find jesshica..well well i don't really want to....
Then I saw a whole lot of dots and stripes painted by Roy Lichtenstein up-close.
Nope, not "The Man". Just don't have the time this season due to travel schedule
still in the studio with going stupid! Lol
yes i want my sister back
Oh gosh. That sounds awful!!!
Haha, now that's quite the combination :) Cheers!
Oh look! #Favre's wife AGAIN!
follow me pls! :)
That time I listened to a cover of The Strokes' "Reptilia" by the Punch Brothers and fucking loved it.
#ItsTimeForYouToRealize One Direction is more than perfect .xx
Always start with coffee.
Facebook ads: fb designs the better performing the ad the lower the cost per click
It's a Classic Rock kind of day.
I want a mini piñata for my cube! People already assume I'm Mexican anyway.
#IfITellYou that you are beautiful would you believe me? <3
Summer coming..I'm not goin nowhere before 8 o clock...
I feel like a sleepy bear.
u is da Man Jay I'm forever
Congrats, Seb! API great choice project-by-project. Yet how to scale to integration of 100s (1000s) of museums?
eating all the candy I can get my hands on before I get my braces Tuesday. yes, it's a great excuse.
Congratulations to ALL the parents out their with children graduating college or high school in the weeks & months to come. Job well done.
#DepressingSitcoms I Loathe Lucy
Thanks Steve! Hype-ie Hump Day! Hope your week is going well.
havent watched freaky friday in forever
Thanks for the RT! I love being able to answer questions for people.
Asking myself what am I waiting on in life?
It doesn't matter how old you are. if a balloon is about to hit the floor you dive for that shit!
Peter Keller, survivalist suspected of killing his wife and kids, dead in suicide Peter Keller spent eight years carving his hole in the
#focus let's find some solid tech talent in Philly
Whoo-Hoo! We can't wait to see all of you! RT : Last half day! Hittin' up #Monicals after school...gonna be goin' to town on the...
Thanks for all the #RTs and #FFs!
And coming from one of the most under-rated DTs in the league, that's saying something.
they make Portland look bad!
Little cousin: " I don't like the moron test, it's boring because I'm smart!"
you guys will be the first people I send tthem to!
look who made it. Heurica! Finally, lets start/continue to virtually talk to ourselves and pretend we have friends!
installing RAM all day long. Need to make your computer faster? Call me to install come RAM!
idk I thought u sold it to Justin?? Lol
i hope zoe & you ok.
He's still working on me...
Turning 21 drinking doesn't even cross my mind. But the Burlesque shows I can finally go to :).
Gonna play gears all weekend anyway getting early access to #ForcesOfNature would only make it better
Divorce yourself from sin .
after yesterdays #epic #fail in #NorthCarolina, we really needed President Obama's declaration today
Off to florida be back on the 24th. Thanks in advanced for the bday wishes yall.
Happy Mother's Day :)
Great Q&A session going on with the students and ! Up next is rehearsal with the
Raining at the office, perfect time for pizza.. (:
Of course when I log off after trying a million times to get Peyton to tweet me, he logs back on and tweets a bunch of other people -__-
nope. Just the product of restless nights and nonsleeping children and only being able to access the world through digital means
please please please 4th night tweeting
And the winner is...Patron Saint in round 2 of #HardRockRising - four more bands next Thursday for final spot in finals on 3/29
Always a silver lining in everything.
Just felt an earthquake
Is it bad that my much-loved Halston bag is so heavy it set off the "fasten seatbelt" notification in my car, which has a weight sensor? ;)
One audition down, lots of copy. Nailed it! Boom!! One more and I'm ready to bring it!
Thanks for follow
Nervous for tomorrow. D: hope it goes well!
I need to gossip with zsazsa <U+E402>
@ Go and follow she play in JONAS LA!
justin doesnt like girl bashes who bash girls hes aganist that there for he dsnt like you
just shut up
9112001 i was on 5th Ave looking at the unbelievable horror and i saw a big open truck of volunteers racing to help -worry on their faces
I wonder if I'll catch METX 210 while at Roosevelt/Canal Thursday afternoon. I sure do hope that it shows itself.
BIG THANKS for hosting last night event!
Congratulations to for being our 200th follower!
" Ceilings and vents. I live a fast-paced lifestyle." Beautiful craftsmanship is exciting!
Hi Glen!
He believes that “cross-ring-book” can be the key to bringing new understanding to the world we live in.
How About You Stop Being Stuck Up !! So Stfu !
thunder need to hurry up and put this in the bag, i need rest *yawn*
I wish I had a private jet so I could get to places faster!
where do you get your clothes at I love your style RT back plz
well except for Carlos who works there! He's awesome!!!!
Odd fact: 551-day-old is worth $1 billion. 116-year-old #NewYorkTimes Co. is worth $967 million. What's wrong with this pic?
Good night c:
No matter what I do I ALWAYS find my way back to him!!!
Yoplait Yogurt > yummy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
no thrones!!
#Romney is for the Wealthy, because he get Campaign $ from them, so he can ruin the Middle Class!
Do what makes you happy!!! Love youu!! <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Finally got to watch Hugo. You should, too. And do so in 3D, definitely.
Hear they come to snuff the Rooster............. Hey wait!! I'm the ROOSTER!!
I wonder which country I'll move to if Rick Santorum becomes President.
Gosh you're gorgeous, I wish you were all mine..
walked to school like a boss (:
wow so the place from the movie is really true?
I remember it being a Lyons Brothers property (as in lansdowne), but they sold off a lot of their businesses.
"I'm manning up, Imma hold my ground, I've had enough, now I'm so fed up, Time to put my life back together right now"
you want it thinner!? :O I like mine thick :P lmao <3
Where might I find updated information on the X-Lit Initiative?
Not all our artists are playing a joke on the public. Some are genuinely mad...
Is it weird Im contemplating buying something i just found in a bookstore that a twitter friend of mine that I never met IRL would love?
so ready for the weekend
YES!! and we will get together more soon. I am looking at some dates and will send to you guys shortly:)
what the fook? Our phones no bueno taco nacho! I text u and er when am I going to see ya
If I do get Raptured, I want to be able to start humming the Plimsouls' "Million Miles Away" afore I go.
Giants covered!
Oh yeah!
I agree, but as I've used the kindle more and more I realize that the convenience and ease of use mean I'm reading more.
S/O to I'm so proud of you
go to subways lol
make sure you answer the question from my last tweet to enter :-)
"Early bed, early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise." -BenjaminFranklin #CREAM #$$
Hell yea! Lets do this! Lol! :)
Feels good, Guess I'm Lucky...
Beerfest!!!! Let's get this party started!!
I don't care what anyone says about #Foreigner. I loved them then and I love them now.
Hi there! Are you referring to the XChange software and your MacBook Air? Feel free to DM me to discuss further!
Don't rely on someone else for your happiness and self worth. only you can be responsible for that. If you can't love.
Our staff loves your cupcakes! If only we could capture the amazing sweet smell and place it in our office!:)
Women in 250 cities working as leasing agents and all talking at the same time about their tenants on social media and pointing
You can learn more by watching BIG BANG THEORY than from most of whats on HISTORY, PBS, DISCOVERY, A&E combined, sadly.
uhmm do you no my mom lmfaoo
apples, candy and chips. I pretty much like any thing. What about you?
Since when does serving people mean that your name has to be all over everything?!!!!
Heat fuckin round already
'08 Presidential Election,55% of Blacks ages 18-24 voted. Was an 8% increase compared to '04. Blacks had the highest turnout in this group.
Them cool kids
follow my personal
Hehehe, for her sake, let's hope so. ;)
Ok, looks like a have 1k I need to come up with another 1k now
i know i miss you guys too we are good im picking angel up this weekend hopefully i will see you then
If I follow u and u dnt follow back I will unfollow u I dnt give a f@#k if yous a star or not lol
Oh... okay! :) RT : $5 Mondays: Create your Pork sandwich, $5 all day, choose your roll, spread & toppings!
nice work
There is something changeless and timeless about the message of the Lord Jesus Christ.
you should just look in your magazines and whatevers cute cut it out and stick it on your collages
everones beautiful in their own little way
Territorial squabbles between commuters at busy bus stop cracking me up. Chill y'all!
Tunein.com is unbelievable - extensive radio station listing, and very intuitive design. Now, how to get this to work in my car?
What questions do you have about staying on track with self-love? Send them to if you want them answered!
"Most people tip-toe through life, hoping they make it safely to death"
Seeing lots of tweets from local SD eateries that will be closed to celebrate #Thanksgiving. Be sure to call head if you're eating out!
Really psyched for Prometheus. Perhaps a #gwj screening is in order?
Quick Fact: The circumference of a full size Pringles can - you know, the tall one - is approximately the same as its height.
Cute Wit It.
Sometimes, sorry starts to lose its meaning
I will try to tweet some pictures of it; also one group is doing a video that I will post if I get their permission. go #pbl!
I gotta start making some #Yankees videos again
Me too i got 1 new follower lol
studio session success!!!
Sexy shades to match your S E X Y face<33
Even though your 18 month old speaks just a few words, he knows about 50 and is learning more everyday.
you laughing at me bro ?!
hey Mike!
- Ouch! I've fallen down my fair share of stairs. No fun. Not my walkway, not my problem. That's what I say.
This is the true nature of home -- it is the place of Peace; the shelter, not only from injury, but from all terror, doubt and division.
fuck a bitch , im trying to get paid .
#FOLLOWERS CHECK OUT THE REAL D$MONEY NO COUNTERFEIT MIXTAPE ON
come on over there's plenty :)
Today was just awful.
What about a hit show about a cult? Big Love comes to mind.
If anyone cares I'm Migrating over to as my New Twitter account. Make Note or you'll miss out on me talking about My Lunch
Miss you
Wanna change my username uh ò_ó
Should rap I bet he would be freakin awesome at it!!! ;)
#monthpasscantbuy quality healthcare, but it is going to buy us a new mayor and health commissioner.
Ranch is my favorite horse dressage. Or olive oil and vinegar.
I hate when I send the text message to the wrong person
Who do I have to <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>kill for some followers
500th check-in at on I was expecting balloons and confetti to start falling.
Avoid using LOL at all cost - it`s cliche, trendy & doesn`t suit a NFL player.
Some of us aren't made to have mentors. I'm sure not. I doubt you are.
. brings a whole new meaning to the slogan "Virginia Is For Lovers," doesn't it?
tomorrow we will, we can't go out tonight!
walk underneath the Sky the Creator created, breathing in his rich summer air, all while expelling the harsh
...also, we don't make nearly enough songs about wizards featuring the six string bass guitar anymore.
The MacPherson Group is now on TweetMyJobs.com! Check us out and get hired!
C'mon #Barves, let's win this one!
Why don't you get it? I don't know how to explain. Please read my mind.
Tackle your weight loss goals with Hollywood Elite Trainer Max "The Body"
Hello everyone!
did u pop a fart
Sports live today from Camp Randall. It's Day One of Badger camp. On Wisconsin!
BTW, if you're headed to TN, why haven't you made a trip to N.VA? Your kids haven't been to WashDC
that's not what ya moms said when she was listening to 'em last nite. She said I BEAT pretty good fam ;)
We have new prices, new hash, and new hash pipes.
Having trouble coming back to blogging. I only want to discuss activism. To use my camera as a journalistic rather than artistic tool.
can't tell you how awesome that is to hear. Posters are at the printer! Squeee! >_<
: received a spam PM from you..think you were hacked :(
you're not on facebook at all? I thought you were exaggerating
it's a grand Salome
idk where the fuck he is. Only reason were letting Pesonen come is because he said drinks are on him tonight.
me too
goldfish have reasonable memories. Trout, on the other hand.
what do the voices in the heads of people that were born deaf sound like?
Sometimes I care too much. Need to be on that fbgm status.
Open seating on ??? It's about to get a lil #hungergames on my flight
the fruit?
LSU will roast the hogs but if they lose bama will b out. Voters shouldnt put bama ahead cuz we beat 'em. Rematch!
Lost my voice... Again...
RT : IT'S OFFICIAL .. University of Denver joins the Western Athletic Conference the #WAC) in 2012. Great new challenges ahead!
ill tell you later haha
Hey I'm from San Diego, too!!!
Heck yeah.
buddy u got me in big trouble lol
The past few days have been tough. Not that it's new, but they've been worse!
Because you get to see Jenny and Paige during commercials... :)
Anyone know of some relatively moderate price places to go to please let me know. Thx!
I just want to hold her and let her know that she is loved and that everything will be fine
Try it out sometime. Serious fun. Drag and drop video/pic clips into template. I need to do one for our adoption profile! :-)
Haha I'm really just jealous. Shhh
Had the most amazing cream of crab soup and wonderful service from the owner of #Nacho Mama!
Larry Strickling : Fighting piracy not more important than protecting online privacy. White House not pushing #SOPA II
Oh, you. ;-) My favorite show right now and forever is CBS Sunday Morning because i'm really a 70 year old woman.
how do you get tickets on line?
A5pt2: i also hate when i hear myself saying "um" or "like" - i try to avoid it but i still say it & then also yell at myself
Great study material for the LEED GA exam at www.leedvisual.com
Thanks!!! Have a great day!
#Eagles draft DT Fletcher Cox with the 12th pick in the
Wearing baseball pants to practice<<<<<
I'm sorry! Soon it will be over and we will be dancing. Right?
Step 4: Start with one small thing. Hyper-focus, commit and give it your all.
9PM EST Its going down @ www.umeuscloth.com New Jewelry. New UC Family. FREE SHIPPING this weekend only. // Authentic Streetwear
Despite his appearance, the moil sure could move fast after I tried to play Duran Durans "Union Of The Snake" at the bris
up the punx
Have a nice start of week with
I hear we have a show on Saturday
ROTFLMAO! Nice one. :)
I went to sonic and they were closed so I had to settle for this crap
wow, what a bold/stupid thing to say. I'm impressed.
Who coined the term spurt ability in basketball?
10 away from 100. Anybody want to help me?! :)
Taking a boring class at night is fucking torture. I just wanna go home and masturbate
"You knew who I was when I walked in the door. You thought that I was dead. Well, I am dead...." D.O.A. by Tim Dlugos.
RT : Amazon missed a crowdsourcing goldmine by not doing Mechanical Turk mobile apps. Microwork on the toilet.
Gibraltar is a key ingredient.
I love all our close uppers!!! <-- if that's even a word!!!
Dobson's is the perfect spot to enjoy dinner before a show, or drinks after. Downtown San Diego, next to Horton Plaza.
ill be there at some point. Save me a seat on your face.
microchip wristbands = 2 hour lines?!?! Are you serious?
Bouta have a nice dinner wit the family tonight .
That's where I was for Stewart.
Would love 2 see your talent applied to promoting humanism. Have U considered song lyrics? Interesting 2 see poetic progress.
And it's bonding time at the Stylitics office! Hopefully our style smarts will translate into group trivia... "Group trivia. Smarter."
good luck ! wish u the best
watch pranked, the best pranks are on that show! )
Wow those lines across the bust are really ugly (Girl with a Dragon Tattoo girl). and she can't give an interview.
Shut up, burps!
got to admit annoying mandel segment was funny. Know you're going to miss him
Do an Irish jig! Get a Large 3-Topping pizza, $9.99 all day. Wash it down with some green beer, $2.99 for a 20oz. (#stpatricksday only)
Counting the seconds until the Devils win and Hartnell takes a run at someone/cross-checks someone in frustration.
WE HAVE A CHOICE. IT'S NOT ABOUT BIRTH CONTROL. JOIN PRESIDENT OBAMA IN HIS FIGHT 4 BASIC FAIRNESS 4 ALL AMERICANS!
I'm at Miller park today!!! Hopefully I can run into :)
i'm sick...and badly sick, remember?! lo siento I'll be back tomorrow
Happy Birthday <3
YAYYY!! bro its gonna be so much fun. haha we gonna play just dance three (;
God is so amazing goodnite twitter
thanks. That's what I'm talking about!
good. I need math help. Lolololol
Gov. Scott Walker's campaign says he has raised more than $25 million since January 1, 2011. Wow.
If I don't follow , why the hell is he BLOWING UP MY FEED.
Hubby is coming home with lunch he is making up for this morning for sure!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash WB Beltline between South Towne and John Nolen. Right lane blocked. Use caution.
Nice.....RT : Tim Lincecum and #SFGiants have a verbal agreement on a two-year contract.
GOOD TO HAVE YOU HERE AS WELL..WE'RE ALL WORLD-WIDE NOW PEEPS..F/S..
Wow even though attending #sxswedu was last minute and having to work it around my work prep for #sxswi I am very glad I did!
You have to take risks. We only understand the miracle of life fully when we allow the unexpected to happen. – Paulo Coelho
lmao college to extra time in
Felt like I was cheating a little when I had that donators veggie pizza last night but it really tasty. What a treat!
keep your head up. You're passionate, can't say that about most people.
Thank you We look forward to meeting you! Can't wait for the Grand Opening on the 4th!
I was being sarcastic, I don't think there ever will be a moment of silence for the murdered Israeli athletes
Sick. I think I prefer the stereo edition
Lets do that tomorrow tho
New icon...
Does it really work? I heard some notorious singles saying they'd never do it again.
Good Morning people! Everyone have a blessed day!
CHILD ART CONTEST! We’re looking for original artwork from children enrolled in Project Lifesaver! E-mail !
Misdelivered items account for .006% of delivery. That's amazing!
WHY IS CHRIS BIEBER TRENDING?
one of my guy followers completely slags justin & beliebers off and then expects a follow from him? lolololol no.
So if I text someone I expect an answer back #it'saRespectThing
Currently on the third infusion of some high mountain Taiwanese Oolong.. Hitting the spot today.
Not to jinx myself or anything (seeing as that it's only 6pPT)...but I do believe my quest for a "real weekend" is a success!
#BlackParentsQoutes "I brought you into this world and I WILL take you out!"
Party continues on New Year's Day beginning at 8am - Prosecco or House Bloody Mary toasts & FRESH Dungeness Benedicts -12.99. Cheers to 2012
pretty sure you can't. Doesn't work for those who work 90 hrs Only those who work 2 hrs and are hung over or crying
so u dont like yourself then?
who's your favorite unknown artist?
After more than eight hours of debate, #Vikings stadium bill passes the Minnesota House on a 73-58
RT : I'm at enjoying a beer from their killer selection.
If it's wrong to love you; then my heart just won't let me be right.
what you know about that? T.I voice lol
My penis can be such a dick
you tried to grab 's CD from me on Coldwater last week. PLEASE find her. She's a gift you could give everyone.
So sick...fainting on subway = embarrassing...hate today
Seriously, folks sitting on the floor & hanging from the pipes, which has to be uncomfortable. Suffice to say: good crowd for
aww thanks! Blushing. Wait until the fall you won't believe your ears!
Dietitians Dish: Arthritis, nutrition&#39;s role
Decided to put in an order for the books on Amazon. Thanks!
could use some howls in the DMC on Saturday!
Excellent. Let's plan on connecting. Safe travels.
happy birthday <U+2665> #HappyBirthdayPrinceRoyce <U+2665>
Make The Right Choice #TeamSU!! & Let's go to War for SU!!!VOTE
For really really real-uhh~~~~
Team Lion: Rrrraaww!
Just visited a farm with a deep connection to place. Inspiring to see a family farm that is honoring its past by building a bright future.
Agreed ;) we posted our menu earlier and I dont think it's G free
aw well yea I'm excited and its on my birthday :D
RT : A4: sit in front of my webcam with lots of lamps light on face... I try to keep vids under 2 minutes
Adventure film for grad students: "Theory Paper: Endgame." Starring Christopher Lambert and Krusty Krab. Think about it.
did not get into Fringe this year... but never fear! We've got lots in store for 2010! Stay tuned!
I just wish I got more calls from recorded messages of people running for office...
Love it! could be best Kentucky team ever if we can pull it all off. Nothing better than repping that blue "Kentucky" across the chest!
Two words: Animal Fries
And they've invaded the pitch in Manchester! That was the most remarkable morning of soccer EVER!
Are you ready to boldly go where no man (or woman) has gone before at the Final Perk Wednesday night?
#20ThingsAboutMe 5.) I'm a lefty.
What did people do before we had soap?... I bet they used a lot more disposable dinnerware back then.
A lot of people get impatient with the pace of change. ~ James Levine
“Four things a woman should know: How to look like a girl, How to act like a lady, How to think like a man, And how to work like a dog.”
Just saw at Citizens Bank Park.
Thanks for the RT :)
We're doing another March Madness contest this year. More details later today.
“: Legally drink away the pain.” oh believe me I've had a good couple of drinks while baby sitting
You said someone threw her in the trash can?
I want some more hot cheetos :(
I meant bedtime. No bedtime.
“: “: I'm not drivin u gotta bring it” ok sis I'm fina hit ya...”/<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>cool thanks bring ASAP
haha, i like to pretend i am
It would be selling in your area to collectives, head shops, boutiques, nutritional shops, at farmers mkts, concerts, etc.
actually catching the replay now. Love the "I'm gonna call him what his momma call him" line
Oh for sure! #ThinkLikeAMan was a pleasant surprise-4real. Soon i may be asking u to support my movies :-)
Gucci bicycle kim riding on Nicki... Prada bag pack lil kim mountain climbing on nicks garbage... Queen bee 101 kim teach nicki how floss !!
A big HOLLAR going out to my gal pals at Blue Cross in Montana! Miss you all and think of ya often. Have a great day!
I wouldn't wish poison ivy on my worst enemy. Unless we're talking about Hitler or Cobra Commander. In that case, I hope they wipe with it.
I miss u. And I dnt care who know cause its true and I wish I could have 1 more and I promise I'll get it right :D
What holiday movies do you make sure you watch every year?
Back from vacation in St. Thomas and can I just say I am
everyday is back up your data day to us in the wonderful world of IT :)
"Success is a mindset"
u know jus how to brighten my day!
Friends liked my red hair... #success!
Eco-visualization should be applied to electric bills; a connection to the energy we consume needs to be established #whatsakW?
At Photo Center NW: "Proof of Homosexuality in Nature" is a must-see!
big mac. Big Mac. BIG MAC! Now @ McD's, Big Mac Sandwiches are Buy 1 Get 1 Free. This is worth raising your voice about.
skip my tweet :(
is getting ready to rake some leaves, then run kids around to football and soccer practices while I try to get in some exercise(Déjà vu)^SB
always be measuring.
On the phone ;))
David T. Wolf~ Idealism is what precedes experience cynicism is what follows.
Come warm up with our soup of the day hearty cream of chicken with rice. Or maybe our homemade tomato bisque.
hes cool no charges
Create Something Today!
Hugs if you can handle them, an offer to acquire advil if you can't. Feel better?
It feels good 2 hear some1 say "Take care". But it feels so much better 2 hear some1 say "I will take care of u."
I am now: re
automated message about Steelers books can suck a fat one. Being a Steelers fan is about as impressive as learning how to hear.
We lose more of our troops to suicide, than we do in battle. Please send your stories to Laura at
This Friday 12/16, drop by Someday Lounge for the Epic WINter Formal, brought to you by ! We're bringing games!...
the idea for this show has gone too far. even guys who have nothing draw the line somewhere.
. Oh, I know not all is free. But seems like slow uphill battle to convince consumer that GOOD content is worth paying for online.
I fear there is nothing but the special protection of Heaven which can save Arlington from ruin.
I just mentioned Underoath in my paper. I should probably go to bed now seeing as this is probably going in the wrong direction now
Hello David, Describe what it's like Co-Anchoring the 9 & 10 PM TV Newscasts for Q13 Fox in Seattle?
I think my grandfather () just set up a twitter account. Interesting.
At least my Lutherans got it right.
Things have gone from bad to worse: the Caribbean cover band outside work is playing Fur Elise.
I think you're up past your bedtime
Free rentals this Thursday. Just head to their facebook page for the promo code.
What would you like for your birthday?(:
Will be back to my computer soon... Can you please send me a link? Also is your homepage configured like the demo?
Sometimes I just want to end everything. I lose the motivation to try anything. And right now I want to just pick up a razor and cut...
Get the fuck out of my business
You are huge in Weston.
Shouts to on #SongoftheYear!
I heard R Kelly has a tutorial video.
have you made any cocktails with Jin Ja? It's a delish ginger drink and I want to mix it with things!
Lying in bed still, just thinkin how many Democratic & Republican House Members & staff I have bagged in 'da bedroom
52 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
we'll have to organize a get together
I sure hope I don't have any LINt on my shirt
The Kanye singles are as if David Simon started making multi camera sitcoms with a laugh track. He's fully capable but it feels trivial.
Yes, you do! ;-) Are you following me? How did you know that I was even on Twitter/High School revisited?
they say the best things in life are free #lovedontcostathing (:
Is there really any better date than watching finals? L.O.V.E.
"Barbie: “Will I see you again?” | Ken: “I’ll see you tonight, in my dreams.” –Toy Story 3"
Headed out for drinks and dancing with some hot friends tonight.
2day is Awkward Moments day.Here's to hoping you didn't wake up w/a Leprechaun next to you & not knowing how they got there
yeah dude, we gonna skate?
Go cop that shit!!!
I haven't heard from in a while. I hope he's doing good. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
SLA is the only school where you can hear fighting in the hall and ask, "What are they filming?"
wow it's been so long!
because you barely use twitter and I retweet like a fiend. Also I was already aware that I'm a horrible person.
Downloaded security vision for iPad. Pretty cool. Looking fwd to implementing
taqueria ripon be rockin' all the selena hits right now. of course im singing along.
I couldn't either!
you spamming
no darlin, you're the best spontaneous date! So inspired by you!
RT : Yes! RT : It's Shop Local Saturday! Just do it!
Here are some suggestions for things you can do during these first few make-or-break-your-speech moments:
NO ONE CARES
Let me know when they come out. I'm a fellow drummer who also does covers.
I speak my mind because it hurts to bite my tongue.
Melo need to go for 40 just so this game can be interesting
I'll take that type of tech from Nene
Your just a boy you dont understand
An "MT" is a modified tweet. You use it if you need to change, add to, or shorten a tweet that you are retweeting.
apparently 'cup code' is something from the early days. Flipping cups over meant decaf, logo forward meant Capp.
Fuck me running! >:(
check your dms?
thanks for the follow.
Please check out my new blog for legal professionals; www.paralegal-illuminati.com
I've got them if you'd like to borrow No. 1.
Ah! Cellular saturation at #nytm. Please give us wifi !!!
Exciting news on some phone apps. Stay tuned, as we have been taking down your suggestions to make renting an instrument even easier!
Ratigan and Gregory......My soul is damage when I see or hear them fuckers...
I love and all, but I would rather watch Jersey Shore than sit through that movie just to see the boys. :/ Sorry.
Excited to go to Stone Fly Brewery tonight for Rehorst cocktails and some local brews!
Ever made a grilled cheese with Polly-O sticks?... nope? Me neither. Ha..
the seats on this bus are so comfortable. I really want one just like this for my house.
The Grey was awesome sauce. Contraband, Martha Marcy May, Take Shelter, Drive all at Redbox
BRING YOUR BEHIND DOWNSTAIRS MA'AM....I NEED TO LAUGH
At work feeling like going to bed thanks Precious
Disadvantage 6 of having a #deskjob: all this "busy-ness" doesn't seem to be turning into "business"
Clear2Go bottles w/ filters make excellent holiday gifts! Use promo code C2G2WIN at checkout on www.Clear2O.com for $3 off!
..lol I got you this sweet ass t-shirt w my face on it! Says My favorite bartender :p
Delusions of grandeur make me feel a lot better about myself. Jane Wagner
Blessed are the forgetful, for they get the best even of their blunders.
R U talking 2 Me <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
was dope today :) too bad he lost $500 lol
i havee never been more cold before this moment.
do you know what the top camera used on Flickr is? hint: #stevejobs made it
Visit Flying Pie Pizzeria in all Portland-area locations today... 15% of all proceeds go to the BFT Foundation, helping kids.
Yes! Thank you! Gonna chk some of those out...
Totally agree! RT : good point. hence why it is refreshing finding clients that are looking ahead.
Where are my Hot and Sexy Miami mami's?
Good morning! Anyone headed out to Summerfest today?
cute icon :P
men's flats are called loafers
Dam this girls gettin it! #SheWorkOut!
Dinner break of Irish Open, down to 11kish from 20k at amazing table.
#icriedwhen they stopped airing the rugrats when i was young!
I'm thinking again of the dogs and the last of their sticks.
lol u got a cellphone no homo tho?
I can't sleep now, I shouldn't have tooken a 4 hour nap:/
.. will be releasing her 1st single "The Look" off of her debut CD December 14, 2010 www.cdbaby.com.
The foolish, greedy, and unjust always misuse and abuse power; consequently, they always lose power!
Svenson Hair boss indicted for fraud - Taipei Times
"Whaaaa, seriously? Rum balls? Really? Rum Balls?" "Yup, 2 for 3$" "They reek of booze" "Yup." "I'll take four, for here."
Wow so many tweets to read I love it! But.. I gotta get some work done too! Thanks for the follow all my tweet friends!
Do I think Kobe's hurt? Yes. Do I think he's also using this injury as an opportunity to tell Andrew Bynum he needs to grow up? Absolutely.
love your photos! very inspiring!
New subs in my room(:
Not going to get followed by but hopefully one day
no was meant to fly back this week but had to postpone as i hurt my knee again last week. Going to any other gigs ? X
I got your back. History major for two years!
thank you :-*
Dedication: RAYMOND TRUJILLO, We love and miss you and we carry you in our hearts everyday. -Your family
Michael B. Horn quote from APR20 webinar-All students learn, not on the same day and in their own way.
Interesting idea: Create a virtual IT "coffee shop" to stay connected professionally and personally.
If your in the DFW tell your followers about us!!!!!!
awww!haha so cute! i cant wait till belly can talk to me more!
hopefuly Andy can get his life together and email her. lol
Are Ya gonna go my way?! SWEET!
Need advice on packing for #ala11 - I'll be job hunting. Shouldn't dress too casual, right? I want to look professional. No shorts or sneaks
that was plain delightful
wouldn't that require a universally agreed on definition of "not crap"?
is in the midst of finalizing production contracts and finishing up some loose ends on the Jazz Fest... But very thankful for good friends..
Thanks for retweet!
I can't wait for all of Selly's new movies.
I learn by referring to it as somethin else. Which is sometimes bad. My memory is awful.
Wow thank you for using my phone for those stupid tweets!!
What is order when the world is so chaotic? How can I be American and stay Patriotic? #Influence the young and brain wash the elders
seriously!! I'm in Mayfair for inspection needing coffee and refuse DD
For where?! Good luck!
yep in weight! Check my TL and watch the footage of my lil cuz at DT.
>until a show is cancelD, it is filler because they got nothin' better. #Girls is not going down as a hit
No Patron please...on a Lap Dance Body strict regimen but I will Jam hard taking advice
ahahahahahahahahahaha oohhhgosshhhh! .......<- my in the car with my mom... Oh she says hi.
I love the debate, I just wish the WHAT WG wasn't so quick to brush aside what is the drastically more popular choice.
Um... why did you unfollow me from ? She's my bestie and I'd never do such a thing!
OH - Guy on Phone in store: "Your Facebook posts are pathetic. (pause) YOUR FACEBOOK POSTS ARE PATHETIC!"
I was surprised, and very happy, to see Lisa Lampanelli leave Celebrity Apprentice last night. Who would you like to see win?...
": "All of Me" Oscar Peterson." I meant tap fav!
If me and yu were "WE" what would it be like <3
I'm getting ready to record an interview with YNN on the Goodwill Goes Green program.
The best part of waking up is crack in my pipe.
RT : Dammit, people, use @ reply links properly so a link shows up in your response. It's too hard to eavesdrop otherwise.
Thanks for the RT ;-)
Our refrigerator is broken. And I thought no Wifi made me anxious.
Novel forms / once all the rage / are now the norm
That last tweet was regarding Pierce.
remember, you have to put fires out from now on, not use them to cook g's of p. at least not on the job.
#quotes #travel #explore A man travels the world in search of what he needs and returns home to find it. George Edward Moore
"We dare not trust our wit for making our house pleasant to our friend, so we buy ice cream." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Ew, I think I have a cold. :(
Being a control freak >
good summary. -sent from my lonely seat in the airport :(
HOTMAIL ANNOUNCES NEW LEVELS OF SERVICE: *HOTTERMAIL*, *REALLY HOTMAIL*, & *ARE YOU KIDDING ME THIS IS TOTALLY FUCKING HOTMAIL*
"Does this shirt make me look fat?" "No, your face does?"
FOLLOW ME I LOVE YOU GUYS<3
I'm in hurry to get things, I'm rushing rushing till life's no fun
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves. - Ray Kroc
wishing i was at the toyota center tonight to see
you going? I am heading out tomorrow
Is that the girl from The Ring in the background?
Stop with condescending wonka tweets... Shits not cute.
Best actor of all time from White chicks and more to The Expendables
i concur
Whoa!whoa! We got some #racism at the #redistricting hearing in #Miami. Referring to "hyphenated American."
If you see Peter Holt please tell him I want my money back. He can't keep it AND not make a deal with the players!
what was the name of the brian jack song you played this am?
Who's running with me in the Columbus Race for the Cure on May 19th?
Hope her son leave don't feel like talking to him and I try not to be mean
Dear Craig, Is Geoff dressing up for halloween? or just going naked?
McDonough attorney Drechsler emphasizing that phone records for defendants lack context about the frequency of calls.
Defining Addiction
my new favorite YouTube video? I AM A LADYBUG~
And do venture to Google with Topeka -- just check it out! bit.ly/937rCW
hahaha awww I'm just laughing because that's cute. I've been there!
Carnival festival and parade - Sun May 29th 9am to 6pm, San Francisco on the Mission - Sandy Perez Afro Cuban Folkloric, Samba Da, Pelle...
Besides holding your breath, what is the quickest way to cure hiccups??
I woke up and my first thought was about the Bali Retreat that I'm going to take in June. I'm super excited about it!
I hate showboating niggas
Making babies cry.
AMAZING! Our worlds colliding... thanks for all your support gang
ditto. My fav fashion night of the year!!!
I have been fighting off sleep for the past 14 hours ...5 more to go ..5 more to go!
I'm actually finding the #etgaga demo helpful in finding other employees.
Great news! You're welcome=) I believe in encouragement! Some say it's my gift
! Bout time ! Lmao an u aint no good
Im not going to want you for to long.....
This is weird:... Chemicals, n: Noxious substances from which modern foods are made. ~Author Unknown
Today's #CovertTU word: PAROLES - passwords to identify agents to each other.
Did you purchase property within the last 60 days? Call 410-608-3000 for FREE property tax analysis & find out how much you could be saving!
U need a side gig as a horrorfilm blogger!; Innkpr/KillList for sure. 'Martha Marcy...' was fave 'horror' of the season. U like?
we'll send you pictures of our gems that we find. It may range from mullets to fried chocolate on a stick!
#TwitterAfterDark I'm all about lickin & suck some pussy. Ride my face so hard I can't breathe
Where are you getting that??
he could imagine taking a long trip with her.
Good call. I get up to walk as much as possible when at the office. Can't handle siting for too long anyway
Worst part about #arthritis flare up: inability to hold a book for as long as I want to be reading it. may need a professional book holder.
in the studio with jazz pianist Steve Allee working on "Simply One" project... he is smoking!!!
FANCY huh ?!! R.Kelly . Nawww
Off to the art museum to snap a few pics then lunch with Wifey. Record heat today in the ATL too. Til later. . . .
hahaa that's so funny! Man that cracks me up!!! Man, you are funny. Wow. Lol omg! Lol omg!!!!
No no no no no no Mr. Suit.
#TrendingWorldWide i want thrive not just surive :D
Enjoy your night everyone, come back tomorrow & pick up any 2 top shelf grams for a low $30 donation! Strain of the day is LA Confidential!
Hi Marisol, I'll talk with you, and my audience can use a life filled with joy, abundance and centered in well-being principles.
im only addicted to 3 things in this world ciggs hooters and the braves
I love ... worth the yellow, buddy!
thanks! We ABSOLUTELY loved you guys. We'll be back!
He makes my <U+2665> skip a beat *6 more days till my birthday*
We are now offering a #salon booth for rent for all for licensed professional/freelance #beauticians ..Call us @ 559-761-0669 for details,
Now following !!!
She only exist fo my money
follow she is a true cenator and a cool girl
you're in the mattic? Can I come cuddle?
packed house!!
I plan on marrying someday. #Smart&Sexy
Blasting music through the mall<3
My 4 days old samsung galaxy s 2 took a shit and died last night. Not a happy camper.
Home in Cleveland for the holidays. I love a white Christmas!
every single night?? hahaha if that happened to me every night i wod probably be dead.
Perhaps will even agree to meet up with all his fellow UConn Alums after the game in Boston in February?
I wish i wasnt a retard
Would love to learn more about exhibit opportunities,
oh honey the gays party all summer. august is market days! just like pride but no parade and lots more liquor!
I think you've been hacked. Your twitter account is sending very spammy messages.
We are not one and the same
: Just like a nigga. Lol. Okay
I need to do this laundry.
would love to go to the World Cup especially in Brazil
Thanks for the RT!
thanks babe motivation <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
ten mins in the dark at AMC Otay in Chula Vista theater #6 waiting for Hunger Games to start.you need to get faster repair service
Rep. Donald Payne of NJ, first black congressman in the state.
how can we remedy this?! Our favorite color is blue, and we like the Lion King. Can we be friends yet?
Okay - I was reading Twitter on iPad, copied a URL, and then turned to desktop and tried to paste. Hmm.
Sexy V-Day Photoshoot ..
the question isn't when does my hair look bad it's when doesn't my hair look bad.
Watching orphan. I wish I had a Russian accent.
what are your favorite shoes...
We are touring back out to Kansas in June, werent we just there?
maybe i'm just blabbering haha, but lately thats how i feel
Justin Bieber just had the "did she just say cums?" look on his face.
don't forget to send me your 120 character bio too :)
Oh, nothing terrible, just got some dry/chewey chicken in some quiche. Luckily it was all at the bottom, so I ate the top
its in New York City :)
thanks !!! i hope u like it .. follow me and ill follow back wen i get online
I loev Alka-Seltzer cold.. holy shit saving my life the last two days ..or am I just delusional ...oh farts
William Rotsler~ You cannot hold back a good laugh any more than you can the tide. Both are forces of nature.
Diahann Carroll was the first African-American actress to star in her own television series- InSpotter app
i hate it. i just play with the cards. lol.
The body however is not meant for sexual immorality but for the Lord & the Lord for the body 1 cor 6:14
“: Never fuck something that's down for life for something that's only down for 2nite!”
Guess who has 2 thumbs and is on Class Council? THIS GUY!
Ahee Bro Its his bed time Lol
FML, MY TEACHERS ARE MOVING UP TO 7TH GRADE-______- FUCKK, I MIGHT GET THEM AGAIN D;
Fired up for the start of the NBA season
Thanks to u and Kris for coming out
Green line northbound train was stopped between a few stations for a while, but no AT&T signal in the tunnel, so what ya gon' do?
: Correct. However, I do think that most intellectuals do.
Hi! I found tickets for $252 on 6/6, and so far that's the cheapest I've seen from prof site. Msg and I can send link :)
Anderson Signs is already starting to gear up for Dozer Day 2011!!!!
WHOA !That's awesome :)
Anyone heard about this Tupac hologram thing? Whats next-- a hologram of Rebecca Black? RT if you feel me
Has a Forge shirt on in his Avi but he's DEFINITLY going to BP .... hm lls ,
You all are so mean to me :(
David Beckham is married. You guys are sick.
yes, carvan of cruisers on the way to the peace officer memorial in london at 11 am.
Happy Mother's Day
Tonight I'm going to build something pretty ridiculously cool...
I'll let you guys have my copy. I'll give away the rest and keep you posted whenever the contest or event will be
Have you ever slept under a stack of radio logs on fireworks night?
I've learned a lot from my kids, even when they were very young. That was a surprise, never predicted it before kids.
speno let go??
Hangover 2 great movie
Why such a radical change, to 21 hours? How'd they come up with that number?
Cute friends.
Browns are on the clock and have turned in their card already. Welcome to Cleveland, Richardson!
haha good point by you.
need a schedule my friend. Don't forget it.
2-1 +20 units last night. Let's make some more money tonight!
“: Ku or uk who yall got??”--cats. Who you got?
The Beastie Boys basically invented the concept of the cool white person.
I LOVE women ... I just think men are superior thats all
Police say Junior Seau's girlfriend found him with gunshot wound to chest, say it appears to be suicide. AP
When you deal with someone that controlling they might just say they don't like it because they didn't think of it
I'd rather get a book for V-Day than an enormous teddy bear.
$76 raised for the Betty Mitchell colden scholarship fund tonight. Thats over $1500 so far!
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing
hahah I was sitting in the sun in a tank top (x
I miss you too.. we need to hang out a lot this summer, text me. <3
Did u know Haitians fought on our side in the American Revolution? There is a monument to them in Savannah, Ga.
on complete opposite poles when it comes to genres! LOL!
We just finalized #'s on a small project with a kick ass non-profit. Time for us to do our part to save the world. We will keep you posted.
I've just learned about retweets today, wondering how they work and then I found yr thts on them (i'm sla colleague)
While normal teenagers can't decide what party they should go to, Mahomies can't decide which flawless pic of Austin to put as their icon.
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: 4 betting and even 5 betting have become the "norm" now in everyday poker. Be ready and expect this level of raising.
Excellent session on mobile and TV Everywhere w and #digiday great lineup.
Another good quote from Day and Schoemaker's book "Peripheral Vision." "It is difficult to look further than you can see." W. Churchill
RT : tip: don't dress in a black skirt, knee highs & ankle boots as I did... it's the waitress uniform
diet Pepsi? Oh fuck no. Where's the #dietcoke?
thnx. think about it next time you order the Venti...
Happy New Year!
hey hun im already following, when u get a chance can u followback? it would be really cool thanks xo :)
so excited to have you as our social media partner for Real Law for Creative Entrepreneurs: The WRITERS ed!
Crowd chanting "who's park our park" as they enter Chapman Square
Murfreesboro, the new Brooklyn? several religions peacefully side by side :)
“For the master of woman is her husband.”...Oh New Testament, you so despicable
To change the culture of an institution, we have to think about changing the culture of faculty.
Finished editing just in time to get ready to usher for the play. The Flawed Dance will get one more pass through but not tonight.
A GOAL is the ongoing pursuit of a worthy objective until accomplished,
Hard drive crashed. Looks like I'm an official #spotify user now
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
sat at breakfast bar chatting with some #Brewers fans! Food was wonderful as always!
New phone (:
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place. ~ Zora Neale Hurston
Thanks for the RT!
Slept a lot longer than I anticipated today!! Thanks to my stomach hurting.. Thinking about cuddling up in bed with a book
2night the place 2 be is Bar(8800 broadway) No Cover all night! Dj Mystik in the mix. Peter Blue hosting the party. Dnt miss ...
If anyone in the is awake and is in Sociology 2, I would love you forever if you sent me the study guide questions.. I would pay you..
"How to love"
: “Dreams are today’s answers to tomorrow’s questions.” -Edgar Cayce
Wow, that was a little more expensive than I was expecting...
Glad to hear that you are doing well! Doing well. Working hard with the tax deadline coming up! I saw you are in Glamour ...
Growth chart and Poo Pourri heading out the door today to a fantastic customer!
Accessibility Camp DC planning meeting this evening. More info about Oct 9, 2010, event registration later in the week. via:
Enjoy ur show, it's nice seeing women being more powerful on TV. good job JOY!!!!!
|#quotes When you confront a problem you begin to solve it.
curry has been ordered. Thank you !
You're straight on front mode for someone who has done nothing for you..I hate when people try & show out. Just be you.
RT One Thing Im Serious About Is Keepin My Teeth Nice && Clean
Amen! RT or bus, rather... it's all good. I think we can agree that should not be our next pres...
You are as useless as a rubber break on a woodpecker..
hahaha. Aye mayne. I stay up north and I'm not talking about St Johns!
Right meow?
Headed to Jersey for the night and then NYC for the week!!
RT Wow... Such a dope weekend spent in AC ! Dinner and TOO MUCH FUN #EpicSaturdays!
Pats-Niners Super Bowl?
I guess that only time will tell who will be standing in the end. You put up a real good fight but I just know I'm gonna win.
UPDATING SITE WILL BE BACK UP SOON! THANX FOR ALL THE SUPPORT!
yes it's the best!
........ I love you too! <3,I still havnt had a slurpee :( how sad! haha
some parts are for sure!
Because of something you tweeted the other day. I don't exactly remember. :o
Your Welcome! :D
Shitty mood, I shall call upon the Crispin "gods" to mend my mood this evening.
yeah I know not since that first act
Totally jealous!
The standing ovation loses its power when EVERYONE gets a standing ovation.
If dane cook was my dentist i would go everyday. Dont matter my dentist is a hot red head
That's take off of work kind of news! I wish my parents kept me as well informed.
damn people are so shady.. smdh -.-
Novak would be the third best player on your nets roster RT : Steve Novak needs to relax
Good Morning!!! Will do :)
Neither should Target!!
you on here/any site available any way.
Interested in moving to the Atlanta, GA area? Let's chat! I have a C#.NET / SQL position $85-95k. plz RT. thx
great. im gonna be crying tonight.
alright I have all of the ingredients & I'm attempting to make the dip tonite :) Wish me luck!
lmfao! I hope not because I'm still in it!
Death makes angels of us all and gives us wings where we had shoulders smooth as ravens claws. - J. Morrison
Watching the Amazing Race. I think would rock the sushi bingo
Hi there! Looks like your account recently expired. If you email me, I can help you reactivate - jenn [at] appozite [dot] com
..but grannndmaa.. Why do you have two holes and I don't?!?! ...
what do u think of frankie?
“: What color Hummer do you guys, think is the coolest” blackonblack
I think you are right!
TVP team taking a little mountain meditation trip to this weekend. 65 and sunny in Colorado, gotta love it.
On the media shuttle with Doug Drushke headed to the Super Dome!
Wow. I just saw my first Grumpy's commercial... I get it now. Only took a year and a half.
Southern Women's Show, Agricenter International, Friday –Sunday, 11 a.m., $5 kids, $9 adults
Forever's a mighty long time and i really wanna spend it wit u.
Customer service done right, every time: and Others?
Yes! It's the weekend. What?
AUGH! RT : Put in my notice at my serving job on Saturday. I get to farm and forage FULL-TIME this summer. Freaking estatic!
oh mAH GAWD can I get that recipe
Yesterday ran 5miles in 36:45. Zoom! Well, for me that's zoom!!
"I like wood. I'm good at wood."
Hey there Good to new meet you! I like the Cobain quote. You listening to any good bands now, any recommendations.
just realized the Jets are featured this season on Hard Knocks. May have to tune in just to watch for glimpses of Swoon.
my high school classmates presume. :)
excuse me? A #bestfriend wouldn't lie to make me feel bad!
So true!
Saw The Social Network today, loved it! So interesting and remarkable.
good luck!
my sweaty ball sack
What up Cuz??
u educate a girl in Africa: she’ll be 3X less likely to get HIV, earn 25% more income & have a smaller, healthier family
that bitch hung up in my face imma show her!
Most sales campaigns focus on pain points, but fail to include an understanding of the client's Business Issue - "their reason to change"
Just got my exegetical back....not too shabby
All I'm sayin is if they discover avocados make you incontinent, I would start diaper shopping.
You can already see the difference having a legit center makes. Knicks have started the game playing half court ball and they're REBOUNDING
#FlyMeToLondon so I can see the boys when they get back from Sweden! :)
Ohmygawwwsh. I'm officially friends with on facebook. Am I cool yet?
definitely, Brooks chucks up way too many bad shots... another guy I like is Thaddeus Young
I Didn't Think Can Get Any Hotter BUT he did!!<3 :D
on my new iPhone n twitter app is sick!;)
The "Rockin Out Eyeshine" Photo Contest will end Wednesday March 16th so make sure to LIKE me & 's pics on Eyeshine's FB page!
sorry if I was the cranky one you speak of.
has a cartilage piercing.. That makes me so jealous, lol.
Off to #edcampis for the day
I got that for days as long as you have an open budget to work.
t/p process is tactical indeed but not always easy to control; def need pressure from up+down
Good morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Tapjoy will be holding a workshop this Thursday January 19th in Vancouver, Canada: SG Presents: An Evening With Tapjoy Topic: Next Big Th…
is there vanilla ice cream to go with that!?!
moving our office to Rio Grande!...should have worn shorts!
Good evening everyone!!!~~~~~Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.~~~Victor Borge
LET'S GO CAPITALS. Game 6. Win or the season is over.
Wow, called the Smart Trip Customer Service line and wasn't on hold for 20 minutes or get a busy signal. In and out in 3 minutes...
Yeah, I honestly don't care..
If not, you'll want to thaw it, press out the excess water, then cook it.
We need more Trey Songz in this world
Proudman J of the EWHC rules in Scottish & Newcastle Ltd. v. Raguz case involving s 375 of the Insolvency Act 1986: [2010] EWHC 1384 (Ch).
Project X was crazy awesome! Wildly entertaining and surprisingly original!
Legal business plans must answer the question what are my competitive advantages? Size up the competition, and look for vulnerabilities.
Thanks Mary! And in such a great group too :)
Have a safe Thanksgiving!
I love Don't Kick the Chair by ...and any song by her frankly..like Billy The Kid <3
we'll see what curtis grant has to say about that. Lol
you enjoy the ability to dis-own your kids far too much.
A Brush With Kindness helps existing homeowners to minor home improvement. check out our website for more info!
RT : Hey , thanks for becoming a daddy!
I make alot of spelling errors so just ignore it because idgaf
Okay, that Chevy ad was pretty good.
is always welcome in #FortWayne. Home of #HarryBaals, #I69 &
Sleepy as hell. One more hour to go till closing !
The analyst just said "You can't get a Triple-Double without rebounds".....actually, you can...
need to go away to clear my mind and find my happiness
Ok im bored got to get into something
Do you want to bowl all summer for FREE? Think about joining a spring bowling league at Bowl-A-Roll Lanes. Pls call for more info 427-7250
RT RT : "A good novel tells us the truth about its hero, but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author."
this thing works better than !
Aw you're so awesome! Thanks!
I'm In Love Wit That Pussy
#that1friend that makes you lie to her parents so she could do stuff your parents been letting you do 5 years ago....
Music is your own experience, your thoughts, your wisdom. If you don't live it, it won't come out of your horn. ~Charlie Parker
Nyc le soon!!!
Ah, skim milk. You justify my heaping bowl of Peanut Butter Cap'n Crunch.
thanks for the RT
i know right? You should follow us :)
today at school my car got searched for drugs. apparently it was because the search dogs had smelled my air freshener.
We have to be calm! That other team from down the highway wont stop til its over.
Have you considered eliminating at least one unhealthy habit today? Say no to late night snacks.
Its true
Made it St. Simons Island safe and sound. Longest road trip we've ever taken as a family. Laughed for 700 miles.
The forecast is predicted to be Sunny with a high of 77 degrees on Sunday---Beautiful game-day weather!
Our name is big :) ...but our footprint is small. Proud to be a small business on Small Business Saturday.
Good game between sixers and celtics
